Damn. You are in a world of hurt if you're so desperate to support this.
He’s been backed up onto a ledge and this is his only hope of saving his ass, and as much as I despise the man I do support this  it’s about time and while they’re at it the might as well legalize marijuana
I support full legalization too. But there's some serious desperation for hardliner conservatives to even talk about capitulation.
$$$$$$$$$
Why the SUDDEN change of heart, Mitch? Did you buy stock in a HempCo? Has to be the answer because you are ONLY driven by money and what’s in it for you! #ShadyAF
You got it! All the old corners just want in on #cannabis for the money. Oh my #reefermadness
Can you also look at criminal justice reform, so we can stop arresting people for hemp related crimes and release those convicted of them?
I see the republicans are excited about the prospect of making a ton of money from big pharma by legalizing ... will those arrested on pot charges be released and reimbursed?
Deschedule, legalize, release non-violent pot offenders. 

Nothing short of this will be enough.
Add Expunge their record too.
Guys, he's talking about hemp, not cannabis, hemp ain't new, and I have a hemp soap in the bathroom I got from Bed Bath and Beyond, don't let this turtle clown fool you.
Hemp is cannabis....as is Marijuana. Obama legalized hemp for research purposes and this progresses hemp toward commercial purposes. It is a good thing, but you are right about this not being exactly new.
Marijuana is the street name for the flower of the Cannabis plant. Industrial hemp has been used for ages, but link to your claim that Obama legalized hemp so I could inform myself, please.
Promising new market? George Washington grew hemp.
Hemp was outlawed because of pressure from Mellon, Hearst, Du Ponts because it competed with their products. It was something you would have done if the Kochs told you to.
You mean exploit the market for that drug.
You can't get high on hemp. Totally different plant.
If you think he's actually talking about rope and fabric hemp, you need to research more.
I have thoroughly researched this subject. Hemp is not marijuana. Would you like for me to get into the science of exactly why?
I wouldn’t bother. It would be a waste of your time.
Traitor
McConnell refuses to allow vote on bill to protect Mueller http://hill.cm/seBdIhz  
If this were President Hilliary Clinton in the same situation,  McConnell would have led the charge for impeachment, conviction and jail/ execution by now. I know both sides do it, but the hypocrisy of the Republicans is stunning. GOP creed:  Party over all things, even country
We all know there is big money in this for you. Stop patronizing and do real meaningful marijuana legislation and prison reform.
The first step towards legalizing marijuana is getting past the stigma of hemp farming once that's legislated we move on to marijuana...
There are only a few states whose marijuana law are consistent with federal law. Federal law should be updated to conform with the changed public opinion.
Not to get political but if you put in a Democrat Congress and Senate marijuana legislation will happen in short order
Hearst ran countless examples  of the sensationalist style he became known for AGAINST hemp. The fiber  had proven itself to be more durable and cheap to produce into paper  than regular wood pulp and was fast gaining popularity with many  stationers. To save his timber investme
William Randolph Hearst demonized hemp.
Boehner exhaled & you guys inhaled. Funny what can buy. How much were you paid?
Asking for a friend...
Why won't you do the honorable thing and retire too?
A new market for USA since banned, been around for a few hundred years. Pass it. Pass National Right to Carry in every state also, they all have the same Constitution.
Also time to look at marijuana. Too many  Americans have been jailed over a stupid plant. It's ruined whole generations of productive people's lives because of minor drug offences. Tax the crap out of it and regulate it like alcohol. If you can't beat it, make it safer.
That’s a start. Need to legalize the whole use of the plant.
New Market? Kentucky farmed hemp in 1776.
How about you first do something about people convicted and serving time for possession of marijuana?
Stupid people commenting.  You don't smoke hemp.  It's grown for it's fiber to make materials.  Randolph Hurst pretty much made hemp illegal since he owned the paper mills to produce his newspapers.
Ah, so John Boehner told you how much money there is to be made in hemp & legalization. The timing of "the way you look at hemp" is no coincidence.
Hemp? LMAO!
He is such a blow bag.
Sweet Jesus.  It’s about time you old sticks in the mud had a worthwhile thought.  About 30 years behind being smart and proactive.  But I will take it.  Now join @SpeakerBoehner and legalize marijuana.
@CoryBooker @BobHugin @SenatorMenendez Let's get New Jersey on board! @hempitecture
So now that it’s trendy, y’all are rushing to legalize it. But when it considered a gate way drug used by criminal thugs, there was mass incarceration 
Boener gave you a cut of his investment?
Wow you sure are getting progressive in your last term...
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#CorruptGOP 
#ComplicitGOP
#ProtectMueller 
#VoteThemOut 
#DonateBlue
 definitely did not see this coming.
https://twitter.com/HealthRanger/status/980997115668254720 …
By 'new' you mean formerly a bedrock of the American economy before the prohibition.
In 1916, the U.S. Government predicted that by the 1940s all paper would come from hemp... #hemp #environment 
Promising new market?  Wait, didn't our founding fathers already grow hemp?
Never thought I’d agree with a single thing you ever said, but hey now...strange days indeed. 
Better late than never.
Wow! What a revolutionary thinker. Only hundreds of years behind the times.
About 50 years late, but hey. When in Rome... 

Kudos
Hey, worked for Pres. Washington.
When exactly did hell freeze over?
Not a new market, learn your history. Paper, clothing etc all made of hemp centuries ago
It's almost like you reached the end of your racist road and are trying to win over progressives. GFY.
You're not distracting anyone from the chaos you are permitting in this country by pretending like all of a sudden you're hip to hemp.
New market? You and your people shut down the market and kept it down for the last hundred years!!!! Get the fuck out of here!
#Soyoucanmakemoney not because you’re looking out for farmers
You're only about 30 years late.
As a cloth alternative to allergy kids?? Is that There? Ty ty ty
Just legalize weed you narc.
Get out of the NRA's pockets and enact gun control now.
Don't like the 2A? Leave.
What the hell is up? Local news in Colorado just showed a smiling @SenCoryGardner going on about how he just spoke to trump and he agreed not to go after locally legalized pot - so Gardner will now support Trump’s judicial nominees
Seems like there’s a bit of “holy-crap-we-better-get-more-of-our-judges-on-the-bench-before-the-shit-hits-the-fan” flying’ around
Okay which one of you own stock in a hemp farm?
Thank you- my great great grandfather was a hemp grower - no kidding.
Legalize Marijuana Senator new tax bases are hard to come by this one is Golden and while you're at it decriminalize the rest we need more young people in college and way less on prison.
In prison
U just wanna make $buck$ off of it now, like Boehner, you greedy bastard!
Yup
Legalize all forms of cannabis
I have to argue your poster.
The rezin inhaled from marijuana is far thicker than the tar from tobacco.  Fair to conclude the effect on the lungs would be worse.
Legalization would allow studies to prove or disprove this theory.
Actually, cannabis appears to have a protective effect on the lungs, per research. Interesting!
And, injected CBD oil may help to lessen the effects of COPD!
Hell yeah!  It's time to start growing hemp here instead of importing it every year! #MakeAmericaHempAgain
What you can do MCConnell is remove the Filibuster and thin remove your corrupt self,I hear you love the money from China.
Forget lives ruined by government tyrants, cut more trees plant more cotton, don't sponsor any hemp paper textiles industies
You go nuclear.  US has good cause to fear.  Tic toc.
Go back to commifornia you lousy hippies.#maga
U slick mofo. #JohnBoehner get involved in the weed industry now this. Boehner And Trump And Cannabis, Oh My! Big Changes Coming To Legal Marijuana @forbes
What the actual fuck are you smoking weed right now?
What's up? Just realized there's a fortune to be made in this market? Planning to exploit it and steal from us like in every other arena? I don't want to hear a word about this until all POC are released from prison for bullshit pot charges. Can't have it both ways
I suggest you keep an eye on the lunatic in the white house. If you have any love for this country left in you, you'll vote to impeach him.
Jesus christ! Where does this fucking corruption end???
Oh, look! Now that there's fat stacks to be made the #Hypocrites in the @GOP want in on #cannabis
What about Speaker Stoner?
China, if you're listening, I hope you can place heavy tariffs on U.S. hemp.
I think you'll probably be rewarded mightily by our press.
Wow... just... can you at least TRY to not be so nakedly corrupt?
hemp...yeah, ok.

Jim Jordan, Matt Gaetz, Devin Nunes, John  Cornyn, Rand Paul, Kevin McCarthy, Tom Cotton, David Perdue, Lindsey  Graham, Orrin Hatch, Mitch McConnell.
Good move!
Good luck. Hemp has been state legal in ND since 2006. Because of their 0 tolerance policy, the DEA has not allowed licenses to grow.
On thing I will agree with you. But your time is up.
Going to give it to the polluted, pesticide-filled farms of America? Mitch doesn’t even know about cannabis
Its about time
You are only here to cash in and everyone knows this
Its time Sir lates make America great again!
Thank you for your leadership!!!!

 As a farm boy from Kentucky now practicing as a physician in Florida I have seen many families suffer needlessly

Your new hemp bill will not only put it into needless suffering but will provide support for our nations farmers,
Leave with Ryan
Legalize it!
#persiangulf #persian_gulf #iran_is_great #IamICAN #FreeAhedTamimi
And by the way:
You know you’re truly a detestable human being when you almost get ratio’d making the most benign tweet of all time.
While you all do that great work, nice to hear, please ask @realDonaldTrump where the BUMP STOCK BAN paperwork is he promised? @davidhogg111 @Emma4Change @cameron_kasky @JeffKasky @AMarch4OurLives @rate4ourlives @funkpuncher @delaneytarr @Sarahchadwickk @Ryan_Deitsch @al3xw1nd
Bravo  perhaps he’s more than a turtle
I believe you to be a spineless back stabbing rino. You really need to get out of the way and let someone with some integrity do the job.
Why don’t you build a suitcase out of it, pack your stuff and get out of office?
Money money money money money.... It's your only purpose...
Whenever this joker tweets something , the debt ceiling rises and trillions borrowed
Hahahaha , so will you parole all the guys in jail for it?
Mitch, it would be sweet to see you go from Senate Majority Leader to Senate Minatory Leader, then lose your 2020 re-election bid.  Why not take a cue from Paul Ryan and quit while your still kind of a head...
Since you're screwing over soybean farmers.
Hemp > Soybeans
Release the non criminal prisoners doing pot time before you try and line your pocket
Why aren't you introducing the Special Counsel Protection bill? Do you really think American's would sit still if The Mueller Investigation experiences ANY interference by President Trump? Do a good thing for America : Protect the Special Counsel Mr. Mueller.#ProtectMueller
Absolutely, Woody Harrelson will love you .
Better yet why not explore stepping down you treasonous jowl flapping old establishment croney
Since @realDonaldTrump just screwed American farmers with his trade war, you’d better come up with something for them!
"new market"
You pointing out that the market is thousands of years older than this country? That Cannabis is mentioned in the Bible? Oh, that.
Wow, you're joining the 21 st Century
New market? New fuckin market? Hemp was spun into fiber 10,000 years ago
Why Hemp? How come farmers aren't growing  bamboo? Lots of things can be made from bamboo. You can even eat the bamboo sprouts . It grows really fast too! Asians have created so many amazing things for centuries. 
its nice to be progressive for an industry that is in your backyard but to show intellectual consistency how about being somewhat more evolved than neanderthal on cannabis
Like your bud, Ol' crybaby Boehner?

He & MaoBama are probably smoking some right now..
New market?
You know what hemp is?  Isn’t snorting dinosaur fossil more your era?
Wait, what? We agree on something?
Invest in http://isol.cn  (CAD) or isolf (US) or LB6a (EUR)  The current CBD from hemp leader going to be a monster just like Canopy growth corp (weed)
Retire
Let the #ProtectMueller bill come up for a vote, you chinless cunt.
Wait...are you sure this isn’t too “progressive” for you? 
It's not a new market you ignorant turtle.
And you're only doing it because it's one of only four things that Kentucky can actually grow.  Looks like you and boehner finally realized rich white dudes can make easy money off of weed.

The first time I've ever liked anything you have tweeted! Maybe bi-paritisanship isn't a myth after all!
The Fed should just stay out of it and leave it to the states!
Is this what Trump means by “draining the swamp”? -
Crook of the week:
Squandering taxpayer money, taking payoffs from lobbyists and destroying the environment, all at the same time. With several different email accounts so nobody can keep track of it

…

HELL NO!!!!!!!
Why No ?
Until someone puts a tariff on it because of our new Trump trade war!!!
Too little too late. Now that we see what you are, and you are worried about upcoming elections, y'all want to play nice. I believe some of you would pull you own mothers teeth and sell them to stay in office.
So you've just invested in a hemp business and want to find a way to get the government to back you? I know a guy.
@SenateMajLdr please keep Senators working over the weekend to approve MORE THAN 6 appointments. There are OVER 300 waiting!! Stop the obstruction now!!!
HEMP. Looks the same, but alas; low THC. Farmers in my neighborhood like it for a rotation cash crop as it provides cover/nutrients/income. Special equipment required for harve$t though. It’s big and sticky! Please deschedule ALL OF IT. It will save a ton of regs and $.
BULLSHIT you want the money and you want the control.. Resign you old fart..
I agree but still, I can’t help but think of why the sudden change of heart. What’s your stake in this? Are you invested in Marijuana like Boehner?  That’s it right? You sneaky Lil bastard. Looking forward to seeing your personal financial gains that will eventually come to light
You really want Trump to fire Mueller?  #ProtectMueller  and call Mitch now.
Hey asshole, you have a full majority in all three branches.
Not a new market! 
Prior morons made it illegal.
It is way past time for the @GOP and @SenateGOP to change the way they look at @realDonaldTrump .  He is a traitor and not even a damn #Republican.  You had to have him sign a freakin' piece of paper to make sure he wouldn't flip parties after the election.  #ImpeachTrump
WhaaaaaatTF!!! Upside down world.
Hemp plant is pot right?
No exactly. A close cousin but not the same.
You must have come up with a way to screw over more Americans with this sudden change of heart
Wow you are only 250 years behind the curve. How much money have you taken from the agricultural lobby over the years? I bet the good ol boys in the cotton industry are pissed
Stroke out please
He’s only doing it because it pertains to Kentucky
Kentucky has a long history with hemp.  It's a cash crop for Turtle McConnell and his buddies off of which to make more money. Nothing more.
You GOP are really getting desperate!  Now you consider this?
Yeah. All the sudden you think it's the best thing since sliced bread. Amazing how great something becomes when you think you can financially profit - typical McConnell.
I look forward to the battle between you and Jeff Sessions
OMG what hypocrites!!! $ talks & lines the pockets of swamp 
It's about time you get people confirmed in whatever way necessary.
howabout releasing all the POC you sent to prison with your War on Drugs?
*marijuana
If you want to get reelected and need our votes you're going to have to start supporting the pro-choice position too. It's easy, you're already a little bit pregnant...
Yea, but you’re still a corrupt sewer rat  or turtle .
Smelling the cash crop now eh, boys ?? It’s always the money with you people.
Guess John Boehner's new job is already paying good dividends...
Another way TO DUMB DOWN THE CITIZENS! THEY WANT  SUBMISSIVENESS AND IGNORANT VOTERS!
No doubt your homage to that great bastion of honor John Boehner. You are such a PO crap Mitch
Um doesn't this go against elf Session?
Always thought @RonWyden was brain damaged. Thanks for the confirmation.
Cc @joerogan
Yes.  Stop the prohibition!

Science cannot research the medical benefits with the current legal designation.
Not to mention the industrial products.
Why now? Why all of a sudden are y’all pro weed? Because of the profits you’ll gain from Bayer and Monsanto? You’ll ALL be unemployed in November if Trump doesn’t get us nuked first. God Bless Russia!
I’m sure you’ll be well paid for your trouble! What have you done for the rest of us? Spend all our money and left us a nation with laws only for those rich and well connected in the swamp. I actually feel sorry for Trump and I wasn’t a supporter! Thx for that!
Nice turn in your thinking, Mitch, now that Kentucky wants to go big on hemp. Coincidence? I think not. More like hypocritical.
Well you nothing else to do after your MASSIVE tax cut for the rich and ZERO real legislative accomplishments in 10 years.

Did you say New Market?

It’s been there for 290 years doodoo brain!?!?!!!!
Legalize marijuana while you’re at it.
Hemp is not new. It's been around millennia. It's about time, gop.
It is time to step up as an American and put #CountryOverParty. 

#ProtectMueller #TrumpRussia 

#USA #USA
You need to be working on passing a law to protect  Mueller & Rosenstein instead of tweeting about all of these petty little things. Do Your Job & Be An American!

Whoa boy - Phil Mudd weighs in on Hannity's show last night: 

"You got that dirt bag telling me that one of the most…
It’s time for you to call for the #Impeachment of #TraitorTrump
American Farmers has been duked by @GOP & @POTUS Trump failures and cannot afford to sacrifice their families #VoteThemOut2018 #BlueWave2018 #cnn #msnbc #FoxNews
Something I can agree with you on. Adding marijuana to it would be great tax revenue as well as medicinally for multiple diagnoses.
So which pharmaceutical company is lining your pockets?
He's talking about the Hemp plant not Weed there's a huge difference, do a little research!
Something agree on! Thanks for taking up this important issue @SenateMajLdr
Yeah! We can even start making our own clothes out of hemp. No need to restrict to just rope. Could require immigrants to pay for their naturalization through indentured servitude for a few years. I am assuming that you, as a Republican politician, are thinking along these lines.
#StonerMitch
When will YOU be announcing your stake in the hemp business? Lord knows you aren't doing this out of the goodness of your heart unless your heart is located in your wallet. I know that was ridiculous, you don't have a heart. Am looking forward to your time in Hell. #Soon #Hell4U
Actually, it’s time for you to retire, you only look at modern items when you are running scared or in panic mode.
Follow Paul Ryan’s lead.
#Resist
How much money do you stand to gain.  Any Chinese loopholes as well? Corruption at its finest
What about everyone in prison for pot?  Will u let them out?  Will you let them vote???  You are a traitor, btw. History will not judge you kindly.  Have a nice day.
Decriminalization would solve your problem
Medical reasons aside, a nation of pot heads is far more compliant. I'm certain an anti-USA globalist would agree.
“New”? 
It's up to you to deregulate it. It's a valuable source of ethanol. In fact, greater than corn
It’s amazing how people demonize #hemp and yet will take pills that are addictive but are prescribed. Does being prescribed make it any better for you?There are medical purposes for hemp that are and should be available to the public.
My mom could have benefited from it while dying of cancer. My Dad suffered with neck and back pain, got addicted to pain pills, and died from taking so many meds that it ate his stomach so he bleed to death. If legal they would have tried it at least.
Wow... some real heavy legislation to boast about. 
Do something meaningful.
Why not tend to the immediate threat, Fascism. @realDonaldTrump a Despot and Tyrant soon to be the first American Dictator. All under @SpeakerRyan and your watch! The entire Republican Party isn’t credible at all. 

@thehill @FoxNews @CNN @MSNBC @SenateGOP @SenateDems
What, you just discovered that there is money in weed that you're not getting because of the outdated and racist reasons you have kept #hemp illegal for all this time?  Does this mean that people can not get long jail time for something that is less dangerous than guns or booze?
What it’s time for is you to support President Trump and his agenda!! This great country is rapidly sinking into the Abyss!! I don’t give a damn about hemp!! I give a damn about our country!! Take that hemp to Kentucky with your sorry ass!!
your going to make it leagal? must be money in it for you..have coal miners grow it
after our state was gutted from coal income by previous feds, we certainly need a new source . dilly dilly
i'm all for it..hope the va adopts it, lol
