What do expect from democrats suffering from PEDS and are obstructionist.
Merrick Garland
As a Kentucky voter, I insist that you hold the Senator's feet to the fire. It is time to force them to debate for 30 hours straight. Cater meals, allow bathroom breaks of 15 minutes and force them to debate until they relent and stop this nonsense. You are in control & can do it
And you've never done that before?
You are one of the most partisan Majority Leaders ever. You said your job under Obama’s was never to work with him, to keep him from getting any bills through. You blocked Garland in gross violation of democratic norms. Now you lecture Democrats. You feel no shame about hypocrisy
Obama
Why try to obstruct the vote to protect Mueller @SenateMajLdr    PARTY OVER COUNTRY??
@realDonaldTrump is the king of flip flopping. Your hypocritical  statements are beyond words and contradict your actions.
Meetings with RU spies includng Naryshkin architect of US electn hacking don't concern u? Or *secret trip to NK* that didn't include diplomats & was "great" according to 45, yet Pomp wouldn't speak w/reportrs & didn't mention 2 @SenatorMenendez in private?
You should support and back the bill that stops Trump from firing Mueller. I have a feeling he is going for him next!
A person who puts America first would not support #Pompeo
thats funny they all supported him for his last confirmation, so ur statement kind of doesnt work
Sometimes true colors come out later...
lmao hahahahahhahaha naive
I hope for your future you are in the top 1%.
Just following what you do!
If you haven't noticed, the Democrats have done everything they could since the election to resist, obstruct, delay, slander, and behave like rank hypocrites. Time to go to 50 Mitch. This is a different world.
Senate rules that once promoted cooperation and collegiality are now putting our country in danger.
New that was going to happen. They say they hate themselves if they were connected to trump in any way. Just keep playing their videos and write ups praising him.

If he lied about serving in a war,he’ll lie about other things but you’ve gotten what you want so Dems hold up the vote don’t confirm him
So Hillary could have led the CIA instead of DOS is what you’re saying? Oh wait, no they actually ARE different jobs....
Say ... Didn't a GOP Senator 
FLIP???? 
How much was he paid to switch his vote? Will someone now rake his leaves so his neighbors won't complain?
Go nuclear. Don't think about when or if dems get it back. If you go nuclear and let Trump do his thing they wont.
Sounds familiar.....
The Democrats are just using pages out of the play book you used throughout Obama’s Presidency.
You are the mastermind of political obstruction.
You live in a dream world Mitch.   Your President and many Republicans are either corrupt or unworthy of the offices they hold.  As a lifelong Republican, I am embarrassed and humiliated.  We have NEVER had such a horrible exam[ple in the White House and Congress is pathetic.  .
Ya know I's just a dumb negro but I's seem to remember that along with laughing about not even giving Merrick Garland a vote, you felt it was cool to leave over 100 federal judgeships open. Now that the shoe be's on the otha foot you wants ta whine & complain.  Hypocrisy much?!?!
Oh gee Mitch, NOT politics! Hypocrite.
Stop the 60 vote bottleneck obstructing.
Liar
You should know! You don’t like being on the receiving end do you?
Maybe for CIA Director but not Secretary of State.
you still support pruitt the guy is an idiot oh and never mind trump.. he is a russian comrade and you still support him.. Me thinks he has something over your head
You have it wrong. Democrats don't hate government , only Republicans hate government along with some Russian malcontents. Rand Paul flip flopped, Senator. Coons was being diplomatic , something that is not appreciated in a  McConnell Senate.
Other than politics could be the truth.
Sadly you were their teacher. Nice job Mitch ran the country into the ground.
Says the guy who refuses to bring a bipartisan supported bill to protect the special counsel to the floor just because he likes to live in the pocket of Trump.
You go ahead and tell us Emperor. This is your area of expertise. #GunContolNow #MerrickGarland
Cut the partisan nonsense. WE ARE ALL SICK OF IT.
Mitch Time’s UpU are either with @POTUS & We The People or U are enabling DemocRat #resistance Elections have consequences GET RID OF FILIBUSTER OR STEP ASIDE SO @SenateGOP can get a REAL LEADER WHO WILL GRAB GAVEL BACK FROM SCHUMER@SenTedCruz @CoryGardner @RandPaul
Oh. If only the Senate had a leader.
It could be, turtle, that as CIA director he is not in direct line to the presidency. Makes a lot of difference. We already have a raving lunatic.
You know, @SenateMajLdr, I can remember a time no to long ago when lying about military service was a disgrace.
So discouraging do you think that the Democrats hate this country that much. When a crook like Hillary Clinton was confirmed right away
Did you forget that you had already posted this because 1 hour later, you posted the same message again. Time to retire Mitch, you are losing it or you need to fire some staff! Makes you look dangerous to be in power! #VOTE2018
YOU CAN CONTROL THIS SITUATION>>DO YOUR JOB OR ARE YOU  ALSO A PHONY?? HUH SING-ALONG
Merrick Garland says hello. #politics #traitor
#HumanRightsMatter
Politics? You’re one of the main reasons that’s become a dirty word. Was it politics when you stole a Supreme Court seat?
Have a tribe of kinfolk in KY and you’ve lost their votes. I suspect it will soon be apparent that you are not the right fit for this job.
The lying Republican leader. No one with a brain believes you. #TraitorTrump #GOPComplicit
Nuke option and get on with it , let’s get it done .
Time to change the Senate Rules of simply majority to speed up the votes on nominations. #SenateDemocrats are obstructing the President's efforts We the people elected! Question is.. R You doing the same Senator McConnell? 18 Months of obstruction must end now!
I hope they investigate you and can find a reason to put you in prison!
You are just full of sh*t!  Nothing made you happier than telling Obama "You will not fill this supreme court justice seat"!  Phuch you!  How dare you suggest that anyone else is flip flopping!  You are an evil monster!
The nation doesn’t need a hawk as our SOS. By the way: resign, Mitch. Enough is enough.
Liar
Those are your "Friends" that "You" have allowed to "Control"

Suitability for one job is not necessarily suitability for another.
No mr McCONNELL your the ones who as usual, like u learned from your leader COLLUSION TRUMP are lying. People check the lies?
You are so full of shizzle!
Like you’re never seen politics. LOL.
Trump picked him! That’s all! Poor babies!!
If you would go ahead and use the nuclear option we could get Trumps nominees hearings completed and move on with America's work.

Merrick Garland
#MerrickGarland
"In the history of the United States, 168 presidential nominees have been filibustered, 82 blocked under President Obama, 86 blocked under all the other presidents." 2013, then-Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid
Say you sir, the master manipulator of politics.
Oh stifle.  You refused to even do your job and hold a hearing for Merrick Garland.  You have no business claiming it's "politics".  You have no credibility
Does he "know words", the "best words" too?
It could be more than just lock step @DNC , it could be some @GOP as well willing to do anything to derail BPOTUS. WANT to do something great, get Mueller finished, impeached, or fired!
Now one wants him he is a war dog!  We have had more than enough war and with a congress that does nothing but steal from the American people!  With a nut job in the oval office and not a single republican with balls enough to stand up to him, no Pompeo!

Send the Head Spy in as Head Diplomat.
Don't you guys know anyone else?
Stop whining. You created this mess, try leading your way out of it.
You of all people should not complain of others playing politics! No one is more sinister in the art of politics than you. The good of the country is the least of your concerns. Why are you afraid of DJT? You have the power to rein him in but fail to.
How many more changes in appointments will there be? Gross indecisions of tyros resulting in practically what is called the “trial & error” method of recruitment &selection? Is this the best there is, in the GOP family???
Oh shut up, McConnell. You are the one of the masters of the swamp. You play politics as well and as often as anyone in Congress.
Hey complicit joke!
You refused to follow the law for Obama, because you are a useless fuck.
Now to complain because Dems fo not simply follow is hypocrisy at its finest!
#ComplicitGOP 
#TrumpTreason
#GOPTreason
How can you look in the mirror knowing what you have done to hard working citizens of the nation?  You are pathetic.
Republucans have destoryed this nation2003 2005 2007. When the voter is ignored there is disaster. Spineless Soulless Fraud @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
No flip flop he is a bad choice but you won't know about good decision making your a snake 
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
No guts! Just like repugnants!
It is not Democrats..stop saying that.. Republicans own the house and Senate..your own people don't like him...
Hmmm like you did with Pres. OBAMA SUPREME COURT CHOICE. OK THEN NOT NOW MR.TRUMP PUPPET
Your president is the biggest flip flopped.
TERM limits will happen as WE the people Demand it YOU & others r the 1s whom do not desire Term limits YET u work for the people NOT ur self yes u have gotten away with it for decades thats over now. appreciate ur cooperation Signed WE the people of the United States of America
Who gives a shit what you think you Tax give away MF and tried to stop Healthcare (name a few)for the poor you don’t give a F**k about anything but those pricks you work for.
Heading spies & intelligence totally different realm than diplomacy!! I'm good therapist but truly suck at selling used cars! Not all skills equally transferable.
They are at hysterics level now.  They are scratching for the last crumb of collusion....lol
McConnell can give it, but can't take it. Some might say this is "turn about is fair play" or don't start what you cannot finish.
What was it you didn’t like about Garland??
It’s time you unify the Republican Party & encourage them to fight back against the democrat obstruction & get things done for all who elected you all. Republican voters are fired up & the quick & efficient results will give the gop victory in November. #gop
DEMS??? More like two #Republicans, namely @JeffFlake and @RandPaul. Quit spreading #FakeNews asswipe.
Remember the massive outpouring of praise from the GOP when Mueller was appointed Special Counsel?? Honorable. Fair. Incorruptible. Diligent. Does the current campaign to smear him, Rosenstein and the entire FBI have anything to do with politics? Ask Ryan and McConnell.
You have control over congress and president what the fuck is your problem?
Turtles don't flip flop but you do you must be a different kind of turtle
And what are you going to do about it. Nothing as usual !
Maybe it's that I hate Muslims thing.
What could it be other than politics how you squash legislation to protect Mueller
RIGHT???
YOU need to get that bunch of Swamp Creatures to work! Put them in session until they get their work done! And get rid of that stupid 60 vote rule!
You need to get busy.  Why haven't you PUSHED to get President Trump's nominees confirmed.  Get them ALL confirmed, NOW.
Why don't you do your job & bring the bill to the floor for a vote on protecting Robert Mueller's Investigation. Are you seriously that much of a coward? Do you really hate America so much that you won't even allow the rule of law to be followed?
Um, that he lies?
Sounds like the Republicans who failed to get immigration reform Kate’s Law and Obamacare repeal and the Wall funded. Hmm hypocrisy at its best.
You should know you started this nonsense once you became majority leader & Obama was president
Stupidity!
You mean Benghazi conspiracy theorist Mike Pompeo?  That guy?  Oh yeah, we remember the way he paraded the deaths of four brave Americans who were killed, all just to bring down Hillary. Remember this:
He is a Trumper. That alone make him unfit.

@realDonaldTrump as always blew it again by trying to defy norms and slip another-one past your senate. Like @EPAScottPruitt the great Kleptocracy Swamp creature or @SecretaryZinke who lied about being a Geologist, or Bears Ears in Utah! @Diego4Justice @ejmontini @SenJohnMcCain
Please shut up
Merrick Garland
He was for the last job he had to be confirmed for but maybe not this one. As for flip-flopping your party head and the President is the one that has the market on that.... as well as yourself.
@WSJ Mnuchin Signals China Trade Trip: Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and China are complimenting each other with tariffs on some goods from each country.
That's more than you can say about your self and Trump both of you care only about the rich. Both of you are a pile of crap.

You are LAUGHABLE SIR politics had you blocking the confirmation of Merrick Garland 
Politics  has you refusing to allow a vote on the #Senate floor for a bi-partisan bill to protect Mueller ? 
And about how you hid all evidence of foul play on the part of the Trump campaign!!
MERRICK. GARLAND.
Some people are qualified to run the deep fry but not the cash register, Mitch.
Hey Mitch, 'member a guy named Merrick Garland?  Of course u don't.   Hypocrite...
Merrick Garland.
Don't you hate copy-cats?
What was it, other than politics when you did it to Obama?
He's an ass kisser who will let corruption reign like you do.
Flip ...lol
Ur at trump
Because of you you fool!!
This nest of vipers know nothing but dirty politics.
Hey Mitch, how'd you manage to put a man with NO SCIENCE BACKGROUND in charge of NASA????   WTF????
Thank you Palpatine for your insight
Could it be that they are stricken with  the affliction you had Merrick Garland?
What do you call it when the Senate Majority Leader refuses to hold hearings on the nomination of Merrick Garland? Business as usual? HYPOCRITE!
Love it when he preaches about flip flop, does he talk to Sen. Paul? Shame on all of you! #DoYourJob #background checks #GunControlNow
Dems hate this president more than they love this beautiful country and the citizens who live here!  @realDonaldTrump  #MAGA
Garland had great things said about him too! YOU didn’t even give him a chance. #idiot
New information? Change of heart? Realization that he’s unqualified? Take your pick.
Y’know, your divisive spirit is really getting old. I have no real expectation that you’ll read this, but you tweet as if you had some legit following. Kinda sad. #HasBeenMcConnell #AbsenceOfLeadership
@SenateMajLdr is a CRIMINAL FRAUD.
Merrick Garland, muthafucka!
Sometimes Think this Fools Act of Amnesia is Your BEST performance for dumping BS on the public!

No shame to YOUR game! Surely Kentucky can send A HORSE to Washington with MORE sense & character than you! Is Mr. ED DEAD?
DIDN'T LIFT A FINGER TO SEAT 1 JUDGE UNDER PRESIDENT OBAMA
I'm listening to @realDonaldTrump flip on sanctioning Putin's cronies after flopping while saying,  "nobody has been tougher on Russia than me."  Who's the real flip-flopper?
Self righteous. That’s what the GOP has been doing for years.
Remember Garland you piece of garbage?
Hmm. Could it be his lies about military service?
That's how you republicans have been doing it for quite a while. Couldn't have been anything but politics that left a supreme court seat empty for month. Hypocrisy at its finest.
Prejudice !
Merrick Garland. Remember him?
That's Okay, Mr. McConnell, you and your Senate and Congressional REPUBLICANS flipped on your "promise to repeal & replace Obamacare" right after promising the American people you would do this.  Y'all should all know the term "LIE" by now. Right????
...says the guy who blocked the eminently qualified Merrick Garland for absolutely no valid reason whatsoever.
This nominee is not qualified for the job, just like the man child in the White House. Of course he'll get the job, then piss off POTUS and be kicked to the curb with no dignity left whatsoever. Haven't we all seen this movie before?
It was pretty hard to think of a better Supreme Court Justice than Merrick Garland. Remember him? We don't always get what we want. Stop being a profiteering hypocrite. #BlueWave

It is enlightening that the few Republicans responding to your flim flam want you to be even more of an asshole than you already are.
CONFIRM ALL TRUMP NOMINEES.
AMERICANS DEMAND IT.
GO NUCLEAR
He's not qualified and doesn't have the temperament.  Secretary of State is not where you want to put someone who doesn't believe in diplomacy, as it is ALL about diplomacy.
Hi Mr Pot meet Mr Kettle.
Paybacks are hell! You wrote the book on partisanship! 
@realDonaldTrump Mitch, the actual flip is from Rand Paul. He flipped his vote just like Cohen will flip on trump.
Luv watching the left flip there shit:)
How come your not taking to vote to protect Mueller? Whose stopping the right thing to do?
Or, they don’t believe the qualifications that made him a  good choice for CIA Director are extremely different than those of the lead diplomat from the leader of the free world?  Maybe?  Could be?
#ChelydraSerpentina stooge
Now you know how we felt for 8 long years. Don't be whining now. You started it! We'll finish it!
