Over 500 bills not passed and all those nominees not approved.  You need to resign because we, the People, are going to fire you!!!!
I haven’t seen it. Teachers are underpaid, disrespected, and your party works tirelessly to undermine education.
Haven’t seen my check go up but the deficit is going up, Great job on ballooning the deficit.
Yea, that 4 million covers the top earners in the country. What about the other 316 million Americans Mitch? Anything for the other 99% of us? I guess we don't count.
You DON'T!!
Friggen bots
The rest of America ie the majority is paying higher taxes along with skyrocketing healthcare costs, medicine, food and gas costs. #GOPTaxScam
And how many Americans would receive full time jobs and benefits if the $1 trillion annual deficit you and GOP gave to 1% in your tax deficit and jobs cuts tax bill.  Drum roll Crying McConell, the answer is 3 million good paying jobs for the unemployed and underemployed. SHAME!
1
Where is your support for the border wall? What are you doing to lead on new tough immigration laws? Get to work! Support President Trump!
Bullshit
How long have you been a #Traitor?
The Republican Congress did nothing all year except one tax bill. Where is the Obamacare ACA repeal? 
The border wall? 
The Hillary trial?

Delusional....age is catching up with you!
Why does everyone pay taxes om the same day? If it were spread out thru the year, it would be easier to manage for "seasonal" business' and govt employees who get bombed once a year...  #cool.Idea
You can Pay estimated quarterly or monthly.
Yes. We thank you for our $2.00 an hour raise.
$2.00 an hour is awesome!   That’s $360 a month or $6403.52 a year! Great President Trump!
Where do you get that number?! And don’t forget deductions! Taxes, insurance, etc. eats it all up. While the GOP and Trump get richer on the backs of the citizens of this country.
Tax Scam. Fraud. We've been swindled. GOP garbage.
Only 4%.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan, damm, that's a pretty small number given all the promises of huge help for the middle class. Freakin' charlatans all of you. Count this pre-Trump Republican's vote as one for whoever runs against anyone who voted for this disaster. I am not alone.
No sir, you are not alone!!!
I pray that you NEVER get to serve another TERM. You are by far the worst thing to happen to America sin Paul Ryan. The Blue Wave should get rid of both of you Racist Rich Republican Clowns!!!
Ready, set, go....you just say when Leade McConnell:
Traitor
#horseshit @Walmart and the Koch brothers are reaping the rewards from your fake news tax cuts.
Thanks Mitch!
More WINNING for the TOP 2%.
Sorry 98%.
WOW Haters on here are sad!  Deficit will go away with the growth America will have!  Over 3% is probable!  You are used to under 2% and little growth.  High deficits under Obama.  Watch us GROW!
I have a vague memory of personal tax cuts expiring after 8 years, but corporate tax breaks having no expiration date.  Could you explain this a bit?
OH PLEASE!
$250 did nothing to change my life. What is wrong with you?
Big Woop. I'm getting an extra $9.25 per paycheck. And when you factor in rising gas and food prices along with cost of imported goods expected to rise due to Trump's tariffs, I just lost my $9.25 and then some. But hey, congrats to the 1%.
Really?  That’s not a lot of Americans... I don’t know a Single person that has benefited from this #TaxBill  I have family all over this country.  I’m serious, not one person!   Not even trump voters in my town.
I actually had a Trump voter at work say WTF? His paycheck went up a wopping $3.71.
Assuming your claims are true, which I doubt, how do these sup[posed raises and bonuses compare to their increased healthcare costs because you and your corporate owners won't fix the healthcare system in this country?
He's  not concerned about YOUR healthcare...
And the 1% are especially happy for the HUGE pay raises that they got. Wallet a little heavier Mitch?
I saw an additional $70 in my pay check. Thank you and God bless my President Donald Trump!
I have meet 1 family who is getting more money but now is paying more for child care! Federal funds cut a child care program!
Thank you!
Just as before! That destroyed it once,it will do it again
Lmao still waiting to see that you liar
So 200,000,000 getting fuck all then?

Wow, that’s a lot of crumbs. Almost enough to feed an army!
Yeah and thanks to you RINO's, thousands of babies are murdered every day because your tax bill funded Planned Parenthood.  Disgusting for ANYone to vote for that, especially republicans.
Companies spending the enormous corporate welfare on stock dividends and campaign contributions! Still hiding money of shore. Your spin is weak turtle boy.
Total bullshit turtle boy.
Cool, that is a little more than 1% of the American population. Awesome.
Not true. Only the extremely rich are seeing any benefit. Saying it over and over doesn’t make it true. It just confirms you are full of shit.
This is bunk. Multi thousands are jobless in 2018 already.  America is headed for a depression that will make the great depression look like a picnic.  Smart proscecutors need to help immediately.
Not seein anything my end !
they lost 90% and gained 10% = 90% loss..
Show us the raises.

American traitor chooses #GreedyOldPerverts over country
Please pull a @SpeakerRyan and announce your resignation. It would make my day. And you can stick your deficit ballooning #TaxScam.
BS!
I, like MOST AMERICANS, have seen nothing... but we know your fat cat friends and greedy corporations are THRILLED! #RepealTheTrumpTax #CorporateWelfare #MaliciousMitch
I, like MOST AMERICANS, have seen nothing... but we know your fat cat billionaire friends and greedy corporations are THRILLED! #RepealTheTrumpTax #CorporateWelfare #MaliciousMitch
Great but who will pay for the deficit?  Our grandchildren.
Still haven't heard any (real) ideas on how to make up for that lost revnue.
Social security and Medicare
Thats not many people considering how many are in this country. And not considering that businesses are predominately buying stocks and paying dividends. That doesn't help us. Helps you. Not us.
Like Disney who is using the $1000 bonus to bribe their employees to accept their latest offer?  It's been ONE month since the new tax rates fully took effect.  Any bonuses being paid now are because companies were already doing well and had the extra funds.  Stop lying.
Ol' lying McConnell, too bad the public knows you're just riding on Obama's coattails! Your tax scam hasn't taken effect yet! #lockupGOP
I don’t want to alarm you, but a well known symptom of dementia is the bad habit of repeating a talking point over and over. 

#oldfellerMitch
#taxbust
Everyone sees through the lies. Pack your bag!
Where? Where?
Will they be quarterly or annual bonuses?
1.5 trillion, you call yourself a conservative!
Small amount of total workers. Not enough for you to brag at all.
Thanks to your tax cuts, we will soon be seeing trillion dollar deficits - as reported by OMB. Have you no shame trying to peddle these tax cuts as beneficial to the middle class?
Not on my check!
You are full of it. Where are you getting that fake number from?? Go away.
Exactly when did you become this dirty bastard that only cares about your parties self interest? Mueller is coming.  I hope you're in the line of fire.
You do realize the American work force is approximately 156 million, let me help you further, that is just under 4% benefiting. Those are shitty numbers by most standards.
Lies
You live in your own la la land.
#GOPTaxScam #Liar
Dotard
Tax scam for the wealthy.

Sick, Weasel Mitch.
That’s just BS and you know it.
LIAR LIAR LIAR. More LIES will not make your Tax Gifts to the Wealthy significantly beneficial to the lower classes...
Once again you’re pushing crap at the people, wise up cuz this is gonna be your ladt rodeo. You’re gonna get voted out! Good riddance!
That's ridiculous.  Please express that as a percent of the tax benefit they collected.
Buck fifty
Our taxes went up thousands... - middle class family of four. #TaxScamBill
Such b s the average citizen is getting screwed by this plan that gives approx 82% of benefit to the richest 1%
Where exactly? Not on mine!
my taxes went up.
LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You need to worry about your backward state...
Yes their employers save hundreds of million from your gift the least they could do is give away a few hundred thousand in overdue bonuses.#ACCOMPLICE
You . You know the pennies you throw on the ground for us aren’t spit in the ocean compared to the  #GOPTaxScam will cost us in increased health care premiums & other hidden but YUGE expenses. No middle class “tax break” could ever cover my dad’s latest hospital/rehab stay.
B.S.!
One trillion deficit by 2020 and those tax payers and others will have to pay for our debt. The rich, not so much.
The company where my daughter works has been hiring since Jan. She hasn't seen that much growth there in quite awhile!
It’s a lost cause big man. We know it’s a #GOPTaxScam for donors only.
You're either mistaken or you're misleading. Can't be both when the math proves that only a few, including yourself, will truly benefit. This is not an "every man", worker tax break. You know it.
No one cares because most no one got more than a few dollars, if anything. If you think this will carry you to the election hahahahaha ....

Amazon made $5.6 billion in 2017 and paid no federal income taxes. #TaxDay https://www.seattlepi.com/business/tech/article/Amazon-paid-no-US-income-taxes-for-2017-12713961.php …
Mr. McConnell ,please approve all of President Trump's appointments. It is a disgrace that you have held up this long. Obuffoon had all of his appointments approved after 8 months. You need to stop boasting and do something positive, or resign. MAGA
Proof?

And we will be running a $1Trillion dollar defect before the fiscal year is over
And everyone living in blue states with high taxes has gotten totally screwed.  You are a lying POS.
Did  anyone else forget @SenateMajLdr existed?

And with that we come full circle from 2016, when McConnell refused bipartisanship for a warning about Russian tampering during the election. https://twitter.com/frankthorp/status/986351014822514698 …
Nope.  Didn’t get anything from this Act.
Really I have heard differently.  You must be watching the fox fake news.  I heard most of the money that Corp. Have received have gone to buy up stock.  Bonus yes.  People no
Your misrepresentation of the facts is rapidly becoming a matter of confession

Yeah, some people got Twinkies!
Another Russian traitor
LIES LIES LIES
Where did you get that from, Fox News. Your statement is false. You Republicans like about everything.
Quit trying to sell this crap...businesses closing at a record rate...wages aren't rising..complete failure...except for the rich, which is what you wanted!
#MagnumOpusMovie
McConnell is responsible for 2 of the most disgraceful acts in history of US politics: blocking Merrick Garland & killing bipartisan response to Russian hacking. Enabling firing of Mueller would be the third
Umm not me or any middle class co-workers i know
Not any of us Amber
Stop lying
Oh, please.  Tell me that all those stock buybacks are going to employees and then we'll talk.
Taxation is theft and you fixed nothing. One income level pays nothing at all and they still get a portion of my wealth. How is that. Fix?
Let me get my waders while you vomit more of this BS
That's less than 2% of us.
Trust me, we have not seen any direct results. Why keep up this lie?
on average Americans r seeing $0.88/day more in wages, & some got one time bonuses. #taxscam #crumbs
But no relief for people being penalized by the Windfall Elimination Provision! HB 1205 needs to get moving.
I'm one of the 156,000,000+ who get NO benefit from your #GOPTaxScam, Senator Senile. Guess how they will vote.




Cite your sources. A one time bonus does not make for sustainable economic growth. #BlueWave2018
I am STILL waiting on my pay increase...

If I file the same next year as I did this year, I’ll owe $3,800 more under the new code. Yeah, that $500 bonus did a fat lot of good, jackass. Thanks for nothing.
All u elite republicans better support Trump or lose every Trump supporter n Congress
You are assuming a cause and effect relationship rather than routine changes in compensation & you did not sure whether it was the top wage earners that received the biggest % increase or those in the working & middle class.
You realize that’s less than 2% of the workforce. Right? You must think we can’t do the math.
Not that many
Nice spin.
How full of shit are you? CBOs new estimates from the fiscally responsible conservatives #taxscam is the $1.9 trillion dollar whole blown into the deficit by you and your cronies, for your paymasters
My employer handed out raises. My check is looking better and better after a 3 year raise freeze...
Why haven’t Russian sanctions been implemented????
Where did McConnell pull that figure from? No where near that many Americans have benefited. 80+% of tax funds now being used by corporations for stock buybacks & stockholder payouts! Rich getting richer!
Put in the nuclear option! Stupid republicans

You must have an official number inventor, maybe SARAH Sanders, to pull these FAKE numbers out of the air. Spinning doesn't make it so macc.

TRUMPSHIT . REPUBLICAN CRIMINAL .
I want names, you are just plain lying. Companies are doing buy backs with that money.
I think that’s great.  Would like to hear some kind of reassurance for seniors on http://SOC.SECURITY  and Medicare.
Each year we get les and less SS because we have to pay for Medicare.  Not fair.  We paid over a million dollars each over our working years. It was robbed!
FYI The #GOPTaxScam provides only 1.23% of the American Population with raises and one time bonuses, so if you're still trying to sell this SCAM, you're still losing!
@SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @NancyPelosi @SenatorSchumer Maj Ldr, did you make up that number (Pls cite source!)? Can you relate those $$ to the Trillion $$ you spent on big GOP donors, corp stock buybacks & corrupt US Senate vote buying? It is t/p money!
You are full of . Regular working class Americans got rooked! Ya fknugget!
Tax scam repeat after me it's the gop tax scam for thier rich donors we know who the gop works for Koch brothers
Not true.  A lie.   fake statement
Hummm,  so what world did you say you were from ????? Ooooh, you didn't????? Hummm,  that figures!!!!!!
Chris Matthews - It’s all B.S.
Tax cut riches have gone to execs and investors over workers by nearly 3-to-1 margin
Who the hell are they??? Surely not my family!!
How many time are you gonna tweet a pat on your own back for this? Geez it's like everything other day.
The other 322,000,000 of us are just thrilled for that 1.2% of Americans you speak of.  

#TaxScam #FireThemAll #BlueWave2018 #MidTerms2018 #TheResistance
And the #debt?
Stats are not good. Tax cuts for the wealthy are a major screw up for the GOP. Spin will not work.
What planet do you reside on? And if this is so wonderful, why are more than 39 GOP House members retiring this year instead of running on the so-called #GOPTaxScam? #BlueTsunami #VoteThemOut
Leaderless McConnell. Stop already.  We all know the tax cuts were for the rich. The 1.5 trillion you borrowed was a billionaire giveaway.  Stop insulting us with it was done in our best interest and try telling the truth just once.
And the top execs are beside themselves with excitement. You remember them, your intended beneficiaries? You never mention that part of the deal, or swelling deficits, or how the GOP is trying to trim SS & Medicare "entitlements" even though I have been paying into it for 40 yrs!
Really? Prove it.
