GET TRUMP Part 3 the dirty details, how Hillary's campaign revived an old Russian Hack from 2015, one they had ignored for over seven months, but decided to employ as part of their new Trump Russia narrative in April 2016. Must read & RT MAGA
Pure trash. #Factsmatter

Imagine if Hillary's attorney paid hush money to Randy Spears to keep him quiet about an affair right before the election, laundered money to reimburse attorney, and lied about it.…
Your a seditionist an obstructionist and a corporate stooge. Your an impediment on our democracy
@SenSchumer @pel
True and GOP what are you doing about this?  And where the heck is the funding for the wall?
Cocaine Mitch is a Never Trumper Swamp Monster who intentionally does not invoke the Nuclear Option to get Pres. Trump’s appointees approved.
Seriously? Just resign your position and take your photo opts wife with you.

HE LITERALLY BLOCKED OBAMA’S SCOTUS PICK B/C ELECTION YEAR https://twitter.com/ahrferrier/status/992071416597053446 …
Says the man who bragged about stealing a SCOTUS seat from @BarackObama
@SenSchumer @SenateDems @SenatorDurbin @NancyPelosi @StenyHoyer  == ARE OBSTRUCTIONISTS

HATE AMERICA'S GROWTH
So go NUCLEAR McConnell... This is not rocket science.
Garland ring any bells? A-hole!
#MerrickGarland
From the king of obstruction...fvck you Mitch!
#TBT #MerrickGarland (Hypocrite) and #ProtectMueller NOW!!
McConnell has vowed to never bring the bill up for a vote.

The Tillis-Graham-Coons-Booker bill has bi-partisan support, but Mitch McConnell is doing the bidding of Trump and Putin by blocking the bill.

YOU are allowing dems to do it. YOU are to blame for @realDonaldTrump appointees getting shafted. YOU are to blame for not standing up for Trump against Mueller's witch hunt, along with @SpeakerRyan. We've got your number.  I pray KY votes your a$$ out.
Hater
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan 

I truly am believing now that Sessions was a plant by YOU to get in good with Trump so he put him inside the DOJ. Then recuse himself so he had the excuse NOT TO HELP POTUS!

The People want you out!

#DeepState  #GOP
How could you let Tester present false allegations and ruin a good man?   Shame on Senate you sir set a poor example.
Two words: Merrick Garland. 
Ain’t karma a bitch?
#RIPGOP #BlueWave
Thanks for Comcast cable not showing me any news about Israel who is almost going to war with Iran & the Famines in the world. Plus taped weather reports from the weather channel.  America sins every day!

Protect Mueller, you Russian pee covered turtle.

POTUS Is filibustering a program that helps legal US residents from Central America to bring their children out of El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras, 3 countries with the highest murder rates in the world.
@SenatorMenendez 
@marcorubio
@SenCortezMasto
You have nothing to say on this. Hypocrite
Why not vote to change the RULE?
Two words: Merrick Garland

This crap has to stop.  the revisit resistance is overblown already.  Protect our President.
Well qualified?  I didnt know you were a comedian, too, Mitch.
So well qualified that they can't even answer basic questions about the law... As unqualified as Diaper Don the Con & uou!
Remember Merrick Garland and all those Obama nominees who were highly qualified?  You blocked every one you could, and these Trump nominees are not in the same class.  Some of them don't even know basic law.
Not so well qualified, unfortunately.
Mitch...use the " Nuclear policy" to get the remaining appointee seated. If democrats  get control, our party is doomed.
So was Judge Garland. What goes around comes around. You of all people should know that.
YOUR FECKLESS LEADERSHIP is permitting DEMS to stonewall TRUMPS NOMINEES! WHAT a disgrace that the Ambassador to GERMANY was held up 18 MONTHS! WTH is wrong with you PPL?? YOU SHOULD step down as Maj Leader because YOU ARE A DISGRACE!

You mean like you did to Obama for eight years, huh?
ArizonEnema, If you Google Obama appointee's timeline to seat. It is obvious that they were appointed much, much  faster.
Merrick garland
Lol. Stop. Yeah, the one nominee who never tried a case-OK.  OR #TBT to when you blocked #MerrickGarland for a year.

"He’s right, of course, that one person can stymie Senate action through the use of the filibuster. But where was his concern when Mitch McConnell, then acting as minority leader, obstructed every move President Barack Obama made following his re-election in 2012?"




Like this one?
Complaining about the democrats is not getting the job done. You guys are much too comfortable with business as usual.
This is early on Sunday morning. If the democrats want to filibuster, now would be a good time to be doing it. You might want to consider 7 twelve hour days per week as the schedule that is required to get the job done.
Mitch McConnell has hit a new low in human life. It's pretty obvious why he is trying to stack our justice system for future favors. Mitch and the  devil tied for first place......
TICK TOCK
Throw it back to #Gorsuch
What goes around, comes around.
I hope they stall every nomination what goes around comes around remember Garland?
Have you forgotten your unconstitutional delay of Obama's SCOTUS appointment? 6 star hypocrit
End the filibuster !!! Do your job or resign !!!!!
How quickly you forget Merrick Garland you hypocrite!
Let’s give ever Senator a protein drink and keep the lights on 24/7.  This BS will stop, guaranteed #keepthesenateopen
Nothing like what u did in 2016

Four GOP senators have crossed the aisle to pass a bill to protect special counsel Robert Mueller from being fired.

Now, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell must put country over…
F.  U.  Turtle.

Well qualified nominees. Those DC Dispensaries must be really good. But @realDonaldTrump is a foriegn agent for Russia and therefore your action with #GOPTAXSCAM bribes with @SpeakerRyan @FBI knows. Call it to the floor you're committing #Treason and #treasonstretchesnecks #Kochs
Qualified for what - certainly not the bench
Pharmacy 101: Marijuana does not have any analgesic properties (pain relief) it was only used for nausea & vomiting for patients receiving chemo, ZOFRAN works great & it's legal. Marijuana is also CLASS I in the same class as HEROIN, you will Add to the opioid crisis. @FLOTUS
Bia you don't know pain! Helped with my pain tremendously!
I don't know pain ? If Marijuana helped your pain, you pain was psychological When you learn to live with most of the pain your body pain threshold increases, when you take pills & pot your pain threshold decreases. How do I know college & my brother heroin addict.
You couldn’t hold a hearing for Merrick Garland because Obama was in his final year (your very stupid excuse). Shouldn’t this sort of finding be a full-stop on ANY president appointing anybody, until this is investigated and resolved??
Made it easy for you.The difficult ones you can’t get through http://Senate.Show  some excitement or are you inwardly http://upset.You  are http://old.You  should call for Tester’s resignation and then resign out of respect to the Tax payers who pay your salary.
Do something!!!!
Lying trump buddy lying McConnell works for the party & trump. REMEMBER McConnell u work 4 the people.

I'm still waiting for any explanation of why so many in the Trump campaign were meeting Russians. Why? "It's not illegal" doesn't put me at ease as a plausible explanation. https://twitter.com/msnbc/status/990168776808255488 …
Democrats should resign! They will say GOP did the same for Obamain his last years! Not the same! MY people are qualified! NO COLLUSION!
And what did Repugs do to Obama?
If they were really qualified, they would have been approved. Your president does not choose the best people! When history writes about you, it will not be favorable. Blocking protection for Mueller is a grave injustice to America! Shameful!
Really turtle man?!?!
You. Have. No. Standing.

Trying to recall what was the vote count on Merrick Garland's nomination. For some reason, it escapes me. https://twitter.com/SenateMajLdr/status/989552436409860096 …
McConnell and GOP Senate = Historic #Obstruction of qualified #SCOTUS nominee #MerrickGarland.
1. None of Trump's appointees are qualified.
2. You're the biggest obstructionist out there.
3. Resign.
You raise hypocrisy to an art form. #BlueWave coming to truly clean the swamp. Floor drain in @WhiteHouse Oval Office for starters.
You worthless twit. You started it with A Supreme Court nominee. Quit throwing stones.
Obstruction is all they have
Yes, yes. Highly qualified by #GOP standards
https://www.google.fr/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2017/12/15/watch_sen_john_kennedy_grills_trump_judicial_nominee_who_admits_he_has_no_trial_experience.html&ved=0ahUKEwiTyfLCm9zaAhVDVSwKHX7yDXYQwqsBCC0wAQ&usg=AOvVaw1JJyfbzCuL4O-lePbxeNEG …
#EndTheFilibuster
Sophistry.
Keep hitching your wagon to Trump. It will be even more satisfying that he takes you down with him too.
Mitch McConnell continues to make himself look guilty in the Trump-Russia scandal by insisting he won’t allow such a bill to come to the floor for a full vote. But the members of his own party who control the Senate Jud Com went ahead & voted on it yesterday anyway, & it passed
LOL... you mean partisan hacks... don't you?
эта тюрьма имеет стрельбище?
 You are literally a traitor to the USA 
You sir are the most hypocritical piece of shoe-scraped dog poo in the history of the Senate
Dilly dilly!
"well qualified" lol uh huh


#MerrickGarland
Do you have no awareness of your own hypocrisy?   Or do you just hope no one else does?   We have not forgotten #MerrickGarland
Go nuclear please
M
E
R
R
I
C
K

G
A
R
L
A
N
D
Well Qualified? ROFL! NO rule changes to push these biased, unqualified jerks through! If you think these losers are qualified, what does that say about you?
Garland
Merrick Garland
Remember when you said you would never support President Obama in anything he wanted to accomplish? We the American People do.
Merrick Garland, bruh
I remember when you ignored President Obama's supreme court nominee. Don't like it when it's thrown back at you. Of course, we all know you only care about yourself and how you can line your own pockets.
SIR: We need YOU to LEAD!!!!!!!!!!
LEADER McConnell: Stop being so nice and kick them in the...
Sir, don't just lecture. Please do something with TEETH in it. 

Proverbs 29:19 Servants cannot be corrected by mere words;
    though they understand, they will not respond.

Today: Employees, Workers. Public servants.
Proverbs 26:24 - 26 Enemies disguise themselves...
25 Though their speech is charming, do not believe them,
    for seven abominations fill their hearts.
26 Their malice may be concealed by deception,
    but their wickedness will be exposed in the assembly.


I think this lecture accomplished little. Sir, please do something with TEETH in it. 

Proverbs 13:22 Prudence is a fountain of life to the prudent,
    but folly brings punishment to fools.

So WHY are you tolerating it? Change the rules!!!!!!!!!! Find a strategy!!!!! END THIS.

Does ANYONE merit 30 hours of discussion? If you can't get it done in two hours, no further debate is needed. DO BETTER.
Please Change the Rules while you can!
Anyone nominated by Trump is suspect, he's a traitor.
You know we're in a hyper-partisan environment when the GOP declares "no collusion" on the same day it's confirmed @DonaldJTrumpJr met with a Russian spy at Trump Tower.

…
If you don’t hear the words “HAND MARKED paper ballots,” you must follow up! “Voter marked” and “voter verifiable” are misleading vendor phrases that can mean COMPUTER MARKED paper ballots from insecure electronic ballot markers and/or paper audit trails from insecure DREs!!!
You are at war w the Dems. Make no mistake. They lack credibility in the opposition to Trump. Patty Murray opposed M P based on his anti abortion stance. This was ludicrous at best, they are picking reasons that don’t relate to what is topics  on the Floor.
Sorry Mitch, I can’t hear you over the sound of Merrick Garland.
Then why don’t YOU DO SOMETHING. We’re the majority. What’s the problem.
Someone needs to tuck their head back into their shell and burrow down into the mud for a nice long nap.
#TBT to Merrick Garland.
How we all felt when you screwed Garland.  At least the Democrats followed the procedures
  You, sir, are a #traitor
His name is Merrick Garland.

Are you happy dividing and destroying America Mitch? How's it feel to have no soul?
Merrick Garland
Tit for tat....sound familiar? And you’re surprised, I thought you more experience than that sir!
Merrick Garland?
Seriously, M(b)itch, go home and suck a chode, stop doing it on the senate floor.  You literally are the most hated POS in the country.  Possibly the planet.
Two words: Merrick. Garland.
Who is getting as sick  of Mitch McConnell’ as l am
Get em McConnell!
So when you refused to give a Supreme Court Justice a hearing it was what? Go away, you corrupt SOB.
The dems are a minority and McConnell eliminated the filibuster for judicial nominees, so no, they aren't.
Stop w/ the BS.
Hey Mitch, boy howdy, do I ever have a story for you about Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland  Merrick Garland. 

You are just sad!

Cuz if you're waiting on 20/20 you can lose the power and everybody will still be waiting it'll be all hell the only people that are suffering are the American people so get your head out of your ass and be a leader March overcome take the moment charge God bless you
You need to say we don't got time to waste on anything does it matter their skin color doesn't matter if they're men women we're not here to play games anymore start with three filibusters and the Democrats will see you're not playing games and keep calling them out
Then nothing gets done and you wonder why we don't have confidence in our leadership a leader will stand up and say hey are you going to participate or we going to go through you because we are here to win for the American people
Mitch McConnell I kind of like you but you're wasting your time you know what is going on call them out on it talk to your people and just fill a bus all the nominees in one swoop or just use the same what comes around goes around wait for the next Democrat nominee President
Yeah, you can’t talk...utterly, utterly corrupt

I never thought I would say this to you Mitch, THANKYOU!!! For the senate rules change for judges!!!God bless you!            
Double standards, especially with regard to congressional leaders, just force D.C. politics to go around in circles, never going anywhere except downward, like a whirlpool of lost hopes, repeating the same mistakes, miscommunications, misunderstandings, and missed opportunities.
Tell us more about Merrick Garland, slimebag
#tbt to #SenateRepublicans filibustering & obstructing. Does the name #MerrickGarland ring a bell?!? Apparently the irony is lost on you...the irony of you of all people whining about obstruction
The irony today is painful... and the saddest part is y'all can even see it. Pot meet kettle....
It just never gets old.
You are the whiniest crybaby in Kentucky & probably the US. And everyone knows you're the King of Obstruction.... oh and to rub it in… Democrats did it in 72 days
Like d one u filibuster
Why aren't you supporting our President?  Sad.  Please push $20 billion for wall and national reciprocity sir.
