The Protecting Moms and Infants Act authorizes increased funding for a competitive federal grant to help organizations address this particular part of the #opioidcrisis, and continues our years-long efforts to protect the most vulnerable.
GOP only protects the fetus. They hate the child.
How bout the woman? 
They attack women and pass laws to control her body. Sickening. Not a woman has ever served on their committee that legislates laws about women.
I have a feeling this bill will not protect moms or infants.
You should also introduce a Protecting Mueller Act
Weird - because you don't want to protect infants from harm in the environment. Seems to me you're just promoting your own interests again.
How about protecting Mueller too asshole?
How about the bill to protect Special Counsel Mueller, and how about Merrick Garland’s hearing? #DoYourJob
What would have actually protected moms and infants was ensuring they have access to healthcare by strengthening Obamacare.

Mitch McConnell's super PAC took $40,570,000 from 4 of Trump's largest donors 2015-2016 election cycle. This might factor into McConnell's decision not to #ProtectMueller. Let me be clear. Today what…
#fascist #traitor #ProtectMuellerNow
Resign
What you should be doing is implementing a bill that protects Mueller....don't give me this crap that you suddenly care about the opioid crisis.
You show exactly how much mothers and infants mean to you when you try to repeal the ACA and defund Medicare/Medicaid.
Protect Mueller
T R A I T O R
Funny, I thought moms & infants were well protected by the ACA, where addiction & abuse services were covered.
While ignoring COLLUSION with Russia
Stop pretending you care about anything but tax breaks for the rich on the back of the middle class. Resign or at least go deal with ur own state first
Resign. #taxcutscam
Not enough, Granny Clampett, you suck #liar #fraud #con #scam #traitor #Resign  #hypocrite
Now see, I always picture him as a cartoon turtle. We even call him "Turtle Head"!

But that's a good comparison too!
Like it! We would like to invite you to visit our cartoons.
How about passing a budget as the Constitution requires????
We’re glad for this, of course, but the Mueller protection legislation is what your constituents would love to see you prioritize highly. Representing the people is your job, @SenateMajLdr - now do it.
Is paid maternity leave in this act?
Are you sure you know what you’re doing?
Got to be a dollar for you in the bill somewhere.
Did you include language that protects them from @realDonaldTrump?
But we want you to,vote to,protect Muller
Does your party support Sen Duckworth and her baby, or not?
Protect Mueller, you treasonous old hack! Or step down and let others lead!
Reading this makes me very nervous! R U planning to arrest pregnant women with drug problems , take her child away, remove Medicaid or WIC until they are in “compliance”? Just say no never worked.
Tougher FDA regulations would probably help more.

#vicesquadMitch
If we don’t allow the bill of protection for Mueller, if trump fires him, this will be on your head, and history will not be kind. #TraitorTrump #PutinsPuppet  also applies
 to Mitch here.

#getridofmcconnell
How bout you work for equal pay for those moms. Or raise the federal min wage which wpuld move families out of poverty. Just a thought
Pants on 
Thats Great how about protecting the Democracy or the Republic
Lock them up lock them up lock them up you old fart if it was Obama you would be all over locking them up I can't believe how afraid the Republican party is afraid of SPANKY
But nothing to protect Mueller?!
The most vulnerable like Mueller. #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller
How about a bill to protect to Mueller?
Can you feel the hatred towards trump?  You have no idea.  He is Marie Antoinette living like that on OUR tax dollars.  You and Ryan are equally hated for allowing it
like most bills. Maaaaaybe one vague paragraph about moms and infants that more than likely doesn't 'protect' shit and 4,387 more pages of special interest bull shit. Awesome. Great.
fund mental healthcare
Since you Sir are writing about protection, what about protecting Rosenstein and Mueller? What about protecting our gov. institutions such as the FBI? What about protecting the Democracy in this country? Do you feel any responsibility? Don’t wait until Nov! It will be too late!
How about introducing the #ProtectMueller legislation?  Don't worry.  This is your last stint in office.  I have faith the people in the Commonwealth of #Kentucky will vote you out of office.  #UnfitForOffice
Should protect America from Trump
 Not protect Trump.
What about protecting the citizens of the US from the crazy guy in the White House?  How about protecting Muelller?
WTF @SenateMajLdr? 'No indication that Mueller is going to be fired" ???
EVERY ONE this crazy @potus FIRES HAS HAD NO WARNING WHATSOEVER.
What more indication DO YOU NEED???

Republicans Push Bill To Protect Mueller, Without McConnell's Support
Legalize Cannabis, and give us Universal healthcare, that will fix lot's of stuff.  OH and btw, #ProtectMuellerNow
Please retire. Don’t you have enough money saved up by now.
How much longer do you hold us ransom to your wife's job ???
Wait in 2013 you lead the bill that took medical care from Mothers, you have cut that assistance every years since, now you want to protect them from the addictions the companies who profited most from your tax plan, the Pharmaceutical industry...How dare you...
Protecting infants WAS part of 10 essential benefits of ACA that you're sabotaging. Resign Mitch, you're up to your eyeballs in #Trumprussia. How much of NRA's $52 MLLN did u take? Also $3.5 MILLN from Putin-linked oligarch.
What about college  student debt crisis & big loan predators- the high interest rate is crippling US economy with trillions in loans that not being spent to run our economy as it should- bail them out and make by the bailout big banks paying us back into the student debt NOW!!
Hope for the best, plan for the worst. 

#ProtectMueller #ProtectRosenstein
Shut the heck up Mitch. So NOW you want to protect someone. Trying to use Mom & Kids now to soften your pathetic image won’t work.  RESIGN

Hmmm fighting your pharmaceuticals companies buddies. Hmmmm your puppet master won't like that
History will not be kind to you if you put Country Last. Protect Mueller NOW
You should also introduce the Defund Planned Parenthood Act.
Protect Mueller. Bring it to the floor. If you don't stand up for the country civil war will be coming. You will be it's first victim
Pls concentrate on getting Judges appointed and Trump’s appointees approved!!
How much does families first pay? We need to know this .
Please come shadow us in clinic / watching Sen Hatch /wyden on TV / they don’t get it
You might want to consider protecting our country by protecting The Russian investigation as well. If you don’t do this, what’s the point protecting Any United States citizen?

HOW ABOUT PROTECTING OUR NATION FROM RUSSIA AND TRUMP? Mitch is A COMPLICIT TRAITOR TO THE US CONSTITUTION.

You should not be able to introduce any bills if you will not allow other bills to be brought to the floor for a vote.  Democracy no longer exists and you helped kill it
That differently sounds good.
I feel we need to protect the mothers kids in Syria by driving Assad out of Syria n the Russian Iran bunch.what are u going to do there.we need to do this now
Hold the Democratsand rand paul in contempt of congress for obstruction of justice for not approving mike PompeoWhat the hell is wrong with rand paulPlease please please don't vote for him ever againHe's a traitor and does not support our President. 698 questions throw this out.
How about protecting Rosenstein and Mueller. Some of the house cronies are running around trying to undermine Mr. Rosenstein.  The little game they play, Mr. Nunes and his traitorous clan of republicans
What is being snuck into this one?
#resign
#youprick
There must be something in it for you Mitch, you're not a people person.
Why did you fund  PlannedParenthood now that Taxpayers  going to fund (D) campaigns.  Get rid of filibuster so (R) can govern or step down Mitch.  Grab the gavel back from Schumer
Why don’t you allow the Protect Mueller Act to be brought to the floor for a vote???
How about the PROTECT AMERICA ACT. Protect Mueller and Rosenstein
Even though I don't like you McConnell but your gonna protect the pregnant mothers and infants that is Pro-Women and the unborn babies to
Why do U keep USING the Words Opiod Crisis when there is not the Crisis we All thought the CDC messed up the Numbers the Number of deaths are at least half of what was thought maybe even less

People are More Addicted to HEROIN because it is so CHEAP!!!  More education is needed
After their born you turn your back on them by cutting them off their parents off because of THE FALSE NARRATIVE that ALL Americans can be rich if they work hard. Upward mobility for ALL medical insurance and retirement savings, Not ALL CITIZENS WILL get these thou-out their life
Yet you pushed so hard against Healthcare, Chip
You want to protect infants? Defund Planned Parenthood.
Good luck. He’s a Republican. They do nothing on abortion. Ever. They just say it.
Build that Wall!
How does it help MOMS?
Maybe you could also enact legislation that would protect us from the cancer in the WH. Since when does Pres make criminal accusations against political opponents and NO ONE pushes back. #HYPOCRITICALCOWARDS
WHY DON'T YOU JUST SHUT THE FCUK UP. YOUR THE BIGGEST CON MAN IN HISTORY OF THE USA .YOU ARE GETTING CHARGED WITH THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION AND THE MONEY THEY GAVE YOU. DO THE CORRECT THING GO HOME AND STAY AWAY FROM THE ENTIRE USA GOOD RIDDANCE
Why don't you build the damn wall instead??
You need to introduce the #ProtectMuellerAct! Pronto!
The wave is here. No POSITIVE comments to any of you corrupt, anti-American gerrymandering, attempting to destroy all the principle's of the US Constitution.
You're brand of genocide is less obvious BUT still evident. This time it's America. Which is equally tragic.
How about protecting unborn infants from being killed while still developing! Third trimester abortions are disgusting. If you dont stop the killing of a fully formed fetus, you cant say you care about infants! @seanhannity @charliekirk11 @chuckwoolery @LouDobbs @POTUS
Sessions look at the start of the opioid addiction and go after big pharma and pill pushers.  No typical person starts their drug habit on the corner back lot street!
In addition to protecting Moms and Infants how about you add Mueller and our Democracy. #doyourjob
Where can I find that?
What about protecting the infants that are aborted? And the moms mental health after they do this. Planned Parenthood to spend $30M on Dem races
They’re Republican, they are only Pro Life in elections. They don’t ever even think about it when it comes to actually doing something.

Retire
So how exactly will you and Trump make money off of this bill?
Obstructionist lying hypetcrit Mitch
Lying hypetcrit
Good job. Now do the business of getting Trumps nominees in place.   NOW Make this senate work or 2018 will find you on White House napkin committee.
#Confirm Pompeo
while Orrin Hatch is bitching about babies on the Senate floor - old white guys, meet blue wave!
While you're at it,
What about #ProtectMueller
Go away.
Ever hear of run on sentences?
Maybe you should stop trying to defund #plannedparenthood that actually provides health services to women. That would protect #moms and #infants.
Infants are more likely to eventually die from pollution, poverty, and climate-related illness than they are from opiate overdose.  How about we work on what kills the majority first. And #ProtectMuellerNow
How about protecting the Special Prosecutor? If you refuse to bring a bill to the floor, it's time for you to resign and let someone else with a spine lead, you moronic 
Such a smoke screen...you only care about the unborn 
What about protecting Mueller and democracy old man. You always have that blank look on your face like the lights are on but nobody's home
We need Judges
You fail to protect our country from foreign enemies and a compromised @POTUS .
Why don’t you take a vote on the bipartisan legislation to protect the special counsel and let him finish his job without the president illegally firing him to protect himself and his family?
Suckers
What BS are you tacking on to the bill tho Mitch? We know you don't do anything without a hidden agenda.
BTW Turtle Man - your blocking the bill to protect Mueller was one of your more stupid "achievements". If Mueller and/or Rosentstein are fired, that will NOT stop the Russia investigation no matter who Hitler has to replace them.

How about you do something to PROTECT AMERICANS FROM RUSSIA! #CyberSecurity since the R's won't do it. #VoteDem hopefully they will.
Step down.  You do not lead, you obstruct. Protect Mueller or else none of us will have any quality of life with Dictator Trump stealing everything of value and selling us to Russia
Stop the SPENDING!
How about introducing the protect Mueller Act instead!
Still not addressing the problem
Yea? Now try not to put any poison pills in it to force @TheDemocrats to vote against it. If you do, it shows that you and the @GOP are more concerned with scoring political points than you are with moms, infants, and the #opioidcrisis.
"Under the new plan, which goes into effect for 2018, they miss out on   tens of thousands of dollars in deductions—more than $28,000 for   families with five kids, for example—leaving them with a higher  adjusted  gross income to be taxed"  #taxes
How about the protecting Mueller act?
Funny how your not interested in protecting our DEMOCRACY. #ProtectMueller and prove you're a patriot, or fail and prove yourself a conspiring complicit traitor to America!

McConnell is responsible for 2 of the most disgraceful acts in history of US politics: blocking Merrick Garland & killing bipartisan response to Russian hacking. Enabling firing of Mueller would be the third https://twitter.com/atrupar/status/986347509281730560 …
How about The Protecting Muller Act, but of course Mitch you will again be too slow to react...that’s the way turtles are..slow.


Germane to McConnell's refusal to bring the Mueller bill to the floor, let's rewind to an Aug '17 story in which we learned McConnell's PAC received $2.5M out of a total $7.35M given to GOP campaign PACs by a Ukraine-born oligarch directly linked to Oleg Deripaska and Putin. 1/2
This is the same bill that the house passed in 2015 but never was taken up in the Senate that you were in control of at the time. Now you are trying to take credit for introducing it like you care. Shameful.
McConnell has consistently blocked bipartisan cooperation efforts in congress. He has abused his power disgracefully.  VOTE HIM OUT.
Sounds more like an anti-abortion message.
Infants on opiods What?
Protect Mueller.
Maybe protect special counsel too, Mr Complicit.
Protect the disabled? You had them arrested

Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Allow the vote to protect Mueller, man, or clean out your office.
While you cut funding for healthcare!  Loser!!!
Stop supporting trump possibly u are one in the same(?)
But you won’t bring a bipartisan bill with huge support to protect mueller to the floor?  Wonder why
Where were you during the crack crisis? Victims were wrong color?
#ProtectMuellerNow #GOPTraitors
How about you stop acting like a #RussianPuppet and bring the Mueller Bill to the floor? Talk about obstruction! 
While this is an important act to put before the congress, it won't matter if we have a Constitutional crisis because of trump. Far more important is to put a bill to protect Mueller. Your priorities are askew. Time to retire?
Protect Mueller, then maybe you’d deserve to call yourself a “leader”.
"Brookings looks at the human side of medical cannabis policy."

Will you?

#TraitorTurtle
MEDICARE FOR ALL WOULD MAKE A BIGGER IMPACT TO PROTECT MOMS AND KIDS IN OUR COUNTRY

Also 
You’re plaguing our country! Disappear
How about the Protecting Mueller Act, you coward? You are on the wrong side of history
Man Mitch, you need to stop oppressing your state with brainwashing that all the bad things were caused by democrats. It's your red welfare state. Own your failed education and healthcare system that you purposefully made fail to blame & fear others that you would fix for a vote.
Boy oh boy does money  love to try and clean their behavior up. The way this "Opioid Epidemic" is being handled, you would think that opiods just fell out the sky and made addicts out of people?
As with anything you do, follow the money and how do you personally benefit? 
#ProtectMueller #ProtectRosenstein
Protect democracy! We controll term limits and yours are up.
Must be some money in it for you. Liar
Protect Mueller
What about protecting Mueller or are you afraid of Donald?

that really is great, any time you want to wake the F up and protect America as well that would be OK by me
Thank you
#TheResistance #BlueWave2018
Protect Mueller. Go after Big Pharma. Not that hard you loser.
@SenateMajLdr Trump solicited a bribe from Japan. Japan accepted the solicitation, and paid "Trump Organization" for favors in negotiations with NK and for favorable trade deals.  Deal with the lawbreaking president.
How about protecting Mueller?
#ProtectMueller #GOPTraitors
