Scrub yourself out of the government, rustbucket. You don’t work for the people & we no longer want to pay you. #Resign

This sounds good, I am glad that your President is taking action!
Nope, tax cuts all benefit the rich. Like the ones you get your donations from!
Yeh and the only reason is you were about to be retired by us Trumpers. You are the reason for us not getting a wall,  Obama care not getting repealed, infostructor bill not passed, many Judges not replaced and immigration bill not passed. You could have used the Nuclear vote 51.
1Trillion deficit BIG bonuses for CEO,corps buying back stock and the working guy,well,small one time bonus $15.00 per hour pay wage for all citizens!
McConnell do we thank you or the Republican Congress when we have to drink bad water, or eat bad food, and breathe bad air.
Tris Resists  
@TrisResists
8h ago

Welcome to the #GOPTaxScam! My husband went from paying $500 in federal taxes to $4000 this year! Thank you @GOP! MF’s! #Crooks

Make no mistake about what’s at stake here: firing Rosenstein would be the same unconscionable assault on the rule of law as firing Mueller. He controls scope of the Mueller investigation and what becomes public. Both D’s and R’s should reject sham excuses to fire Rosenstein.1/2


Just 4.3% of workers will get a one-time bonus or pay hike tied to the Trump tax cuts... businesses got 9X more in cuts than what they passed on to their workers & companies spent 37X as much on stock buybacks than they did on bonuses and increased wages. …

To bad all the policies under Trump's administration have already been proven to do nothing to help middle class Americans. It only help large corporate America, the top wealthiest in America, and to top it off other countries. Prove me wrong. Please. We all want the proof.
Even if anyone can show benefit from scam tax cuts. The rise in inflation causing groceries, gas, electric bills etc. to rise. It wasn't enough and will change for the worst.

Nearly 200 ex-U.S. ambassadors and veteran diplomats have signed a letter expressing alarm over the slide in U.S. leadership in the world. https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/nearly-200-former-diplomats-are-alarmed-at-the-state-of-american-diplomacy/2018/03/28/3f4ac510-32ac-11e8-8bdd-cdb33a5eef83_story.html …
However,  Honourable King Lord Sir, the Federal Government is still accountable and responsible on the end.  "The buck...". Remember?  Uniformity, conformity, integrity.  Let's go with accordance.



The last time you nitwit deregulated things our nation almost collapsed on itself. Regulations are necessary in order to prevent the wholesale ripoff of the working people. You'd know that if actually did any work.
You are correct, but then @realDonaldTrump and Friends can't get disgustingly rich while tapping our country of its values and democracy 

#ImpeachTrump
#VoteDEM2018
It’s not tax reform, it’s a tax give back to the rich.  If it was reform, it wouldn’t add 1.3 trillion to the debt.  This will be part of your and Ryan’s legacy.  Adding to the debt and not protecting America from trump.  The lack of integrity shown by you and Ryan is astounding.
No, it's not astounding.  They finally have a potus who is so stupid they can do what they want - which is to rob the poor and make themselves wealthier. 

True colors showing through.

#VoteDEM2018
Profits over the environment and workers safety. #GOPTaxScam was not reform but tax cuts for your donors. Resign you are worthless!
Yes AND why ARE you still in office we the people want you IN PRISON for currpition mostly because you use your position 2 game more money for your family and friends in drugs
Too bad @POTUS scandals keep this a secret...lmao
@GOPChairwoman 
@amjoyshow @morningmika
"scrub the regulatory rust off" - is that what you call gutting our environmental and consumer protections and handing over vast swathes of our national parks to special interest groups?  Sad.

You're going down with Trump. #accessory
Only 4.3% of workers will get a 1 time bonus/pay increase. Companies got 9x more in cuts than they passed to workers. The analysis by a group devoted to tax cuts also found  companies spent 37x as much on stock buybacks than they passed on to workers.
Stock buybacks are good.  I've made over $356,000 from buybacks since the tax bill was signed.  Many workers are shareholders like me.  I get stock bonuses as part of my total compensation.
That's great for you but that's not what's happening elsewhere, since the majority of Americans don't get stock as part of their compensation.
Why should I not be allowed to benefit just because some people made poor career choices?
Liar
#GoNuclearMitch, pass all POTUS cabinet
I hope you eat poison chicken that has no regulations
WE ARE GOING TO GET RID OF THE WORST PERSON I'VE EVER SEEN
#MAGA #America1st 
https://twitter.com/IndivisibleOH8/status/985186098807738369 …
#TrumpTaxScam
"An average 34 percent of income from the economic activity driven by the tax cuts is flowing out of the country, and in 2028, that number will increase to 80 percent." http://www.newsweek.com/republican-tax-plan-donald-trump-cbo-884129?amp=1&__twitter_impression=true …
And when coal mines in your state dump their waste into streams people drink from? Trump's administration has gutted the EPA and is not enforcing regulations that protect the PEOPLE! The Constitution does not say, "We the CORPORATIONS"!
I disagree with the gif. It is NOT TO LATE to get that operation!
No, It’s not. You gave to the rich and are taking from everyone else. But don’t worry- the Dems are coming to clean up your self-inflicted mess!
Sounds fair considering Obama took an extra $134,000 from me to give to the losers of the country.  My taxes are being cut by $39,000.  It's a step in the right direction but we still need to bring the capital gains tax rate back down to 15%.
“Tax reform” is working for the wealthy & doing nothing for U.S. The Republican Party is doing what it’s always done, helping the rich & screwing the poor. Your constituents blindly re-elect U while KY teachers are being paid VERY low wages proving how little U care about them
Your tax reform punished me with higher taxes and more rules. -Washington Farmers are worse off under Trump.
Remember Russia? Remember when...
https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4510686/condoleezza-rice-remembers-bin-laden-memo …


Delusional. It’s the 1%’s victory. Squashing the little guy is your expertise.
Why does everything have to be about the little guy?  I'm so sick of hearing about the little guy.  If the little guy is jealous then he needs to stop being a victim, take personal responsibility for his life, and work harder so he can join me in the 1%.
Shut up McConnell. You did jack shot! It’s all Trump and we all know it!
No Its not.  I'm still waiting dude.

That's a lie! You're removing consumer protections!
And rivers and our drinking water is poisoned,...
Jim Jordan, Matt Gaetz, Devin Nunes, John  Cornyn, Rand Paul, Kevin McCarthy, Tom Cotton, David Perdue, Lindsey  Graham (yes him), Orrin Hatch, Mitch McConnell.
Traitor
Sorry Mitchy Mouth- this was a tax cut, NOT reform
Yes! But your omnibus bill...ISN’T!!
We DEMAND that you put through President Trump's appointees, which are over 300!! It is an utter disgrace the way you are slow-walking the process!! You don't need the Democrats, CHANGE THE SENATE RULES!!!!
The @GOP #TaxReform
The U.S. recorded a $215 billion budget deficit in February—its biggest in 6 years https://bloom.bg/2FEPbgg  
You mean Addison, letting them out to hang themselves.  Nonsense!
And the tariffs?
WOW
THIS THREAD FULL OF 
BOTS
PAY4PLAY ACCTS
Stop obfuscating. YOU & complicit @GOP are allowing a fascist regime to take over our democracy.  Stand up to the Nazi in the White House or face it: YOU ARE ONE.  #Resist #ProtectMueller #ProtectRosenstein
Filth. For Trump!
BREAKING

Michael Cohen negotiated a deal in late 2017 to pay $1.6 million to a former Playboy model who said she was impregnated by ELLIOTT BROIDY, a…

Can you only imagine what would be possible if they gotten all the money they were promised? Instead they got what 3%? and the rest went to the insanely rich so they could buy back stocks? CRUMBS!!
Buybacks are good.  I've made over $356,000 from buybacks since the tax bill was signed. I agree they should've done more.  Obama raised my taxes by $134,000.  This bill cuts them by $39,000. It's a step in the right direction but we still need to bring capital gains back to 15%
How about that Omnibus? What about that mess you put on the American people and our children, grandchildren and great grandchildren? You ought to be ashamed. Step down. You are not fit to hold your position. Snake.
Stop trying to distract the American people. We're self destructing right now. Your tax cut wasn't paid for, it benefits mainly the rich, and it provides a pretense to start cutting social services and entitlement programs that many Americans rely on.
....and even better ($600 billion vs 6 billion) for big businesses so they can buy back their stock. Gee, thanks.
Buybacks are good.  I've made over $356,000 from buybacks since the tax bill was signed.
Mitch You need to step down or get rid of filibuster so you can get gavel back from Schumer who is Now The True Leader of US Senate IF you don’t get rid of filibuster soon there is no reason to show up in November for Senate. We Will Vote House So Trump won’t be Impeached
I think more then 3/4 of America would disagree
#GOPTaxScamBill #trumpAborted #TrumpEgoWall #TrumpLies #TrumpLoveChild #TrumpCrimeSyndicate #TrumpCoverUp what happen to the domestic did he deported her did he order her to have an abortion what happen why was the story catch and killed?  #trumpLies #crookedDonald
Man you are a one trick pony.  Let me give you a hint, we don't care. Do something to protect Mueller and keep the moron in the White House from blowing up the Republic. It is your job Sparky and if you don't, history is not going to be kind to you.
Oh be quiet!  #ProtectMueller  #ProtectRosentein #BlueWave
Then we have poison water, land filled with toxins, polluted air and this is good??  Interesting logic.  Regulations are there to protect the people.  Yes, I understand tough regulations are bad but this is not the case.
No, it's not.  All the stupid tweets you send won't change that.
you will die in prison, it's all burning down around you. Just stop with the #griftasusual.
Mitch. When are you going to end this Mueller investigation?? .   This is a disgrace on many levels.  If it were you. I'm sure you would be angry too. It's out of hand.  It's going out of bounds and I know you can help.
I hope someone replaces your eggs with ping pong balls.
You are evil.
Mitch 80 percent is going to the pockets of foreigners
You are a criminal just like 45. I can't wait until you are dead and gone. You horrific POS.
#persiangulf #persian_gulf #iran_is_great #IamICAN #FreeAhedTamimi
We understand the nature of regulations. They protect US (constituents), in large part, at the expense of YOU (money grabbing millionaires) We recognize your wealth consolidation plan. Your GOP Congress can only hurt us for 9 more months. You are a very bad man.
Looking for your resignation announcement  - the end of days
Do you realize that tax reform and deregulation are not the same? And that both are only good when done correctly?

After pocketing a $5 billion tax cut from Trump, Pfizer just KILLED ALL of its Alzheimer's and Parkinson's research.
They did what we all predicted, fired 300 scientists and used the money to buy back their own stock.
You are ignoring what is happening to our democracy. You are responsible for oversight of the executive branch. Stop “selling” and start governing. It is time to decide if you will do the right thing. History will judge you harshly.
Would this be the folks that  r being hurt by the STUPID trade policies Trump pushed for?  There’s a #bluetsunami coming in November that will make dinosaurs like yourself irrelevant and finish off the GOP in its current form the Teabaggers brought in
You forgot the part about remove regulations and our environment  investments etc have no protections from greed of the gop
No it’s really not. America knows you want to balance the TrumpTax scam by cutting Medicare and harming our elderly.
80 percent of the economic growth generated by the Republican tax cuts will eventually go abroad and benefit foreigners, according to a new report by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office.
Sure is ....TEMPORARILY! Of course your Corporate buddies got a permanent one!
LIAR, LIAR, LIAR!
you haven't listened to WE the people so far if u had u would be backing our @POTUS so why with the continued well lies, if not lies your deception of looking as if you truly work for WE the people and our @POTUS McConnell when you obviously are not , still paying $$ health care
Never trust GOP!
The day of five legged turtles seems near. But is that to “thrive?”

#madscientistMitch
http://Teespring.com/AKMmoney  #money got get it!
Too bad my vagina isn’t  a business then maybe you would let me have control over it.
We all do better also when our reps in Washington actually READ Bills b/4 signing them!  When 2 people don’t hover behind closed doors & write 2,500 page bills spending over $1 TRIL.  U know, we do better how it was MEANT to be run. #PrimaryGOPWithProTrumpers
Lying bag of crap.
You really don't know much about farming, do you?
No one likes you Mitch. #DitchMitch
Fouled air....polluted water....

Sick
Farmers & Ranchers will be dumping the GOP if they get hit with chinese tariffs.
Wait till next year when we loose our $15. A week
The soybean farmers aren't too happy I understand.
Regulations were put in place to protect citizens. Ditching regulations because you find them annoying or inconvenient is just wrong. "Lead in your water? Get over it.", "Pesticides harmful to your child's brain development? Get over it." You are the problem, not the solution.
The devil is waiting 4 u
"#TaxReform is working for the American people."
Well, at least the 38% of then that benefit!
BARS OF GOLD, JETS,  LIMOUSINES AND ELABORATE VACATIONS  FOR THE RICH AND POWERFUL  
CUTS TO SS, MEDICARE/ MEDICAID AND HEARSES FOR THE POOR, SICK AND POWERLESS.
"Rs" ARE SO, VERY, SELFISH, GREEDY AND HEARTLESS
WE WANT, FOR ALL, THE SAME MEDICAL COVERAGE THAT CONGESS HAS! NOW
Allowing farmers to poison our food, spilling chemicals in the water, allowing coal to dirty the air again, these are not things we want.  The majority of the people in this country would prefer to be good stewards to this green earth.
Not hardly.


Reform doesn’t add to the deficit. You just cut taxes for rich people and corporations as an excuse to let the deficit rise so you can cut Social Security and Medicare
AND POLLUTE OUR AIR & WATER WITH THE CHEMICALS THEY USE! SHAME ON YOU!

Want us small business entrepreneurs to succeed? Give us universal healthcare as all of the industrialized countries we compete with have. No wonder Canadians have a higher quality of life than us.
wooooo, you are lying it's working for you and all the rest of you who voted for it just go ahead and join Ryan and retire. when Trump go down all your tax break will be repeal because Trump is not legally a sitting president
I’m a small business owner and you really screwed me by messing with healthcare. Worse yet, you are screwing ovenfarmwrs with tarrifs
Me too... good point - Healthcare? It's a disgrace. Insurance too... we could go on & on. How to ruin America by Turtle Dumb.
BS, mitch!
Sounds good BUT WHY CAN’T YOU SUPPORT YOUR OWN PRESIDENT YOU WHIMP.
Keep telling yourself this because we call BS.  Why don’t you follow Paul Ryan out the door.  You are too old and too out of touch with what American’s want or need.

Thanks to the #GOPTaxScam, the deficit is projected to increase by 21 percent in 2018. The last thing we need is to spend $25 billion on the president’s unnecessary wall!

Who writes you bullshit.  Leader of the swamp.  Go fellate Trump.
Tax "Reform" is working great for the Democrats.  Total fraud and very unpopular with the non - billionaire class in the country.   As with all Republican tax schemes,  the donor class is enriched and the rest of us pay the bill.  Only debt trickles down from this abomination.
I'm not a billionaire and it's popular with me.  My taxes are being cut by over $39,000.
Paul left. It’s your turn. You are not a leader you are nothing but a politician. Retire and let history judge you.
Nothing grows in a sewer except for rats .  #NoGOPutin
2008 called, it’s sad you forgot about it.
That’s right Mitch the bitch, plus you forgot its a great cover for lining our pockets also...#grabpussy
Take the rust off of your dick and leave old man
Uh, not its not.
go home and figure out how you managed to destroy your career, your legacy and sabotage democracy all within a year? Nice work
You and your Republican cohorts are certainly not making it eastyto keep the majority in Congress. The Senate has become the Black Hole for Trump backed legislation.
Why are you holding up @realDonaldTrump s nominees?
LIAR
Hey turtle face. You are actually sticking to the lie that your tax scam helps working Americans? Go back in your shell. The country will be so happy when you die you piece of shit.
#ObamaCare destroyed many jobs. People lost their homes. You guys on Capitol Hill have created a lot of economic destruction and failed to deliver on your campaign promises - even after giving you the White House. When will ObamaCare be eliminated? Stop throwing our money away.
Traitor
McConnell refuses to allow vote on bill to protect Mueller http://hill.cm/seBdIhz  
Yes TaxReform is working. Now if you pecker heads in the Senate would work. Way to many breaks & way to many bullshit hearings. Your paid to get work done. I watch C-SPAN, an see a cluster fuck of ineptitude. The House has sent hundreds of bills to you, yet you sit on your hands.
Pappy, maybe we need to get us some'a that-there reform.
There’s no way to know how devastating the #GOPTaxScamBill will be to middle class America until we live with it for a year and really, only after we file our 2018 taxes. Don’t let @gop use the money you see in your paychecks sway you that they really care. #BlueWaveIsComing
No, tax scam reform is only working for corporations and the top 1%.
Corporations are basically people.  Everything corporations earn ultimately goes to people.  If you're jealous of my tax cuts, then stop being a victim, take personal responsibility for your life, and work harder so you can join me in the 1%
#GOPTaxScam
Quit demonizing necessary regulations and pretending you give a crap about small bidnesses. Ahole.
That’s just bs. Why don’t you head out too with your buddy Ryan?
Horse Sh*t.  Regulations save lives and the environment.
You are a bigger idiot than believed.
What about Bummer care?
Time to rescind the Obamaera rule (78 Fed. Reg. 60653-01) that allows Congress to masquerade as a small business in order to force taxpayers to pay for their health insurance.
Give up Senate/Congress exemption to ACA(OPM rule 78 Fed. Reg. 60653-01) https://twitter.com/DickNimons/status/951808209345531905 …
Tariffs ?
Sir you were asked to defund Planned Parenthood, Repeal Obama Care, build the wall and secure our boarders.  We are still WAITING.

Repeat of the Congress of the Mid90’s SAD
Lmao I hope he secures all those “boarders”. I think Congress should spend a lot of money on Adult Education, Emergency Spelling Classes would be very beneficial to so many!!!
If that is your only critique, I would not waste tax payer funds on that. Education should be paid for by the individual who seeks it.

“Lmao” is not a word.
No it’s an acronym, are you familiar with those? They are commonly used. Boarders is a word, just wasn’t the one you were looking for, unless you want them to help people who pay to rent or “board” somewhere dimwit. That wasn’t autocorrect, that was you not knowing how to spell!
Acronyms are in caps.
You keep telling people that however regulations protect Americans.
Silencio you evil man
Oh no it isnt
"American entrepreneurs thrive..." when their president isn't a fascist @$$ who's being enabled by traitors like Mitch McConAll.
What about the ballooning deficits caused by concurrent tax cuts and spending increases even in a growing economy?
Tax "cuts" for the wealthy are working?  For "the American people."  This tax debacle will follow every one of you who voted for it into the great beyond.  You should be so ashamed, every last one of you.

No, it's working for Billionaire Corporations. Never mistake them from American Workers. Who Trump & Ivanka WON'T permit to manufacture their merchandise. Preferring it made in China  in Low Wage Sweat Shops.
Corporations are basically people.Everything corporations earn ultimately goes to people.I'm not a billionaire corporation&I'm getting a cut of over $39,000,I received additional bonuses of over $150,000,made over $356,000 from buybacks,&an avg increase in dividend payout by 14%
@GOP You didn’t “reform” taxes, McConnell. You simply gave large, middle class funded, tax CUTS to the rich and major corporations. That’s why the GOP will be out in 2018 and 2020.
What exactly is it that you're leading, "Leader mcCONnell"?
#TaxReformForTheRich
If you're jealous then stop being a victim, take personal responsibility for your life, and work harder so you can be rich like.  By the way, it doesn't do enough.  Obama raised my taxes by over $134,000.  This bill only cuts them by $39,000.
It's a step in the right direction but we still need to bring the capital gains tax rate back down to 15% and repeal the ACA taxes.
Now if we could just scrub the rust of off the politicians who told us just elect a Republican President and we can get it done.  Aka. Repeal Obamacare. Build the Wall, stop funding murder by planned parenthood, stop funding of outlaw sanctuary cities.
Planned Parenthood does great good in communities with low income women.  They need healthcare and birth control.  There are not that many abortions that happen.  You have no rights over a woman’s body unless you support her pregnancy and after.
Bull.  I would like to know where you pulled this information, through Russian propaganda?  They don’t sell baby parts and it is not for you to judge but your God.  Are you going to care for that unwanted child?  Then you have no right to say anything.
Murder plain and simple. Too lazy to use birth control or to stupid. An innocent child shouldn’t be murdered for someone’s irresponsible actions.
So sending our kids to battle and die in manufactured (for profit) wars isn't murder?
Please leave with cryin ryan....#notaleaderatall
Except for those pesky tariffs.
Losers go home remember that little statement you made at the town haul meeting!!! Pack your bags you old fart  your going home....
Turtleman pull a Paul Ryan and fly the Fawk out of Governemnt go home and eat grass in the pasture you crusty dusty and crooked old fart, I am bemused at what you have to be arrogant about.. you’ll not be there next year, remember winners write policy and
I just giggled from the 3rd floor all the to my truck in the far west parking lot! Thanks. I needed that!
Hahaha can’t stand the man lol he drives me nuts lol
I call em Muppet face McConnell lol.
F’ing loser ....#turtle 

#ProtectMuellerNOW 
#ProtectMuellerNOW 
#ProtectMuellerNOW 
#ProtectMuellerNOW 
#ProtectMuellerNOW 
#ProtectMuellerNOW 
#ProtectMuellerNOW 
#ProtectMuellerNOW 
#ProtectMuellerNOW 

P.S. waiting for you to do what @SpeakerRyan did yesterday 
#GOPTraitors
sure Mitch. when people get cancer from contaminated water and food, I hope you are the first #karma
Yeah a d people die when you allow corporations to act without regulation. We see which you care about. Do us a favor and go join @SpeakerRyan. You have done so much to destroy this country with your bigotry.
Scrub that “regulatory rust” off and dump it right into the river ... right? 
You of course can afford to drink bottled water. The rest of us, however...
