For how long is the question? Permanently for rich but few years for us. 
Your story is fake and more folks are beginning to realize it
If your #TaxCutsandJobsAct is so good, why the hard sell? Oh, b/c it’s a #deficit_busting giveaway to the rich? I see.
Where did you come up with that crazy thought?
Great...NOW confirm Pompeo, and all the other Trump nominees, get rid of the deep state and get on the TRUMP TRAIN!! WE ARE NOT HAPPY WITH YOU!!!!
What do you think the deep state is?
You're kidding, right? Iowa is in the shitter, economically speaking. Same as Kentucky.
...it's not helping anyone I know, individuals or small biz. Your trying so hard to sell the illusion of helping us. 
It's propaganda. Ur just pale criminals, thugs, traitors.
Lying hypetcrit shame
beautiful smile
OMB says that in 10 years from now 80% of the benefits from your "tax cut" to the rich corps and donors, won't help anyone but foreigners? Was that your plot the whole time Mitch, to benefit Russia and other foreign countries who are our enemies? MC gone, poor screwed! #VOTE2018

Ask @ChuckGrassley how many jobs have left Iowa for India.  Do any of you know the number of jobs that have left the US for India?
A huge debt lays ahead of us.
you've got to be kidding, I know YOUR GAS-LIGHTING THE American people... keep repeating a lie and eventually people begin to believe it
McConnell you're as weak kneed as Obama... letting dumbocrats run all over you and the President's nominees... Get some political courage... change the 60 vote rule now!!
Trump hires his family, friends, donors, and people who have no fucking experience!
Do you represent Iowa? How about the people of KY where you are destroying the waters, air and land with removal of pollution regulations that threatens our children's future? People won't see anything until they file next year after the election in Nov. when @GOP will lose! #BS
LIAR
With the tax benefits Wells Fargo receives, I’m sure they’ll get their $1B fine—and then some—back in no time. What a weird coincidence that your wife was a Wells Fargo Director from 2012 until her Senate confirmation last year.
Senator McConnell when is the Republican part going to stop being sheep?Judge Napolitano just revealed investigators have been surveilling Michael Cohen's communications. Cohen talks to President Trump daily. The govt has once again spying on some of Trumps private conversations.
Who?
You are just a bunch of liars.
How do you think  they feel about tariffs?
Iowans have your number, they see thru your crap!
Tax scam. Fraudulent swindle of the American people. Voting failed GOP out in November.
Grassleys opinion haha haha another stooge
#VoteThemAllOut
LIE
Where's the article about how it really helped Congress and their donors? That's the article we really want to read.
The average individual got a penny but the wealthy got the whole dollar. The Republican Party making the Rich, SUPER RICH!
STOP LYING

Yeah but how about the the soybean and pig farmers? 
How’s that trade war working out?
you should be ashamed for supporting tax reform, it doesn't help most of us here in the US and you are proud of that?
Yeah tax "abadements" like Trump used to finance his NYC properties. No Amazon crazy "exempt", thanx 4 the infrastructure boys:(
And we know he’s either senile or lying (#AlternativeFacts).  Or both.  #Resign #TermLimits
39% of America agrees with you. %,52% call bullshit.
The wealthiest Americans will benefit the most from President Donald   Trump's tax deduction for owners of "pass-through" businesses,  according  to a congressional report released Monday.
SERIOUSLY, dudes?
BS
The only ones benefiting are the 1%. You should be embarrassed to even suggest that your "tax reform" helps anyone other than yourselves.
I got screwed this year on my taxes. Thanks McConnell. Resign.
Look at the big grin on the face of yet another wealthy beneficiary of trump tax... may not be such a big smile in November... millions can’t wait to get to the voting booth.. see how much your tax cuts count then!!!!!
You keep repeating this lie . Where are your indignent tweets about record deficits ?
Pay to play
Isn’t Iowa in the corn belt?  Will they continue to prosper with the new tarrif’s?  All that food and no one to sell it to.
When are you going to start getting the Presidents people approved so he can run the government?   Time to get to work.
Traitor #VoteThemOut
@SenateMajLdr has deluded himself to believe that the TCJA is a huge success.  Trickle down benefits have proven a failure.  The only winners are the rich and corporate execs.  What is McConnell's answer to the massive deficits that he's touting.  The ONLY GOP "win" for 2018
Republicans will not stop lying.
Cmon Chuck, can’t you follow the lead of Senator Hatch? Retire already
All while slashing services in safety and education. So please stop saying it. #VoteThemOut2018
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP remove all complicit lying corrupt dark $$$ NRA treason weasels NO CONFIRMATIONS illegitimate potus #GOPTaxScam
Short-term tax cuts inflated the deficit in an attempt to buy votes for the November 2018 elections. The long-term tax cuts went to the wealthy and to corporations who largely used it to buy back stock. Some got a bonus, but bonuses are TEMPORARY. It did not go to pay rises.
No worries! Many of the #GOP will be Voted Out in the Mid-terms and 2020 and then we'll end the @GOPTaxScam.

John Harwood
Verified account
@JohnJHarwood
5h ago

Gallup Poll on GOP tax-cut: 39% approve, 52% disapprove
What a whole lot of #Bull How @GOP can lie outright is astounding! You’re trying to steal SocialSecurity from all Americans to finance your #Bull TaxScam! Americans earned that money through FICA! #AmericaVoteBlueWave2018
We need more republicans that will support the MAGA/KAG Agenda. This will solve a lot of problems. 

Appointments 
Wall 
 Tax Cuts 
Healthcare 
Keep Military Strong 
More JOBS 
Booming Economy 

Do Not Procrastinate , VOTE !
?
It doesn't matter how much you lie the American people are starting to figure out the scam we will see you in November
Dilusional
Your great grandkids will still be paying it off, Weasel Mitch.

But the 1% can afford their summer homes this year.
Oh yes, we are being helped ....per your measure...but why not mention the rich and corporations?
Quoting Grassley is like licking your own asshole and thinking it's ice cream.

More BS from you rich old cronies
Sycophant.
Grassley talk about how we spend our money on women booze and movies?
Confirm Pompeo or the Americans who want Donald J Trump for President will go to the polls and vote all the Republicans out of office.
You go on and on and on—huge giveaway to the 1%.

#GOPtaxdeformity
Will see next year when we file income tax.  @realDonaldTrump @Twitter @HillaryClinton @CNN @TheDemocrats @GOP@
Grassley can't remember what he voted for one bill to the next.
Grassley is telling Iowans what they see.
Non of this is true. Can’t fool Americans!
Did Trump make a Tariff DEAL FOR YOUR CORN & SOY?? Otherwise--you're Screwed Grassley.
@ChuckGrassley's #Iowa 6th hardest hit by @GOP #tariffs. 
Via @MarketWatch:
10 states w largest % of jobs at risk all won by @realDonaldTrump in 2016. Abt 69% of the 6 million at-risk jobs are in states won by Trump. Those states have about 55% of jobs.
#MAGAts #farmersfirst
There is no evidence of that. The overwhelming evidence over the years is that if you give tax cuts to the rich, they'll use this to pay higher sums of $ to CEO's, stock buybacks, and buy corrupt politicians like you and @SpeakerRyan.
Infrastructure and Independent World Energy Leader next on Agenda, followed by Health Reform that will lower the outrageous rising costs for medical care that has crippled Americans and made insurance providers and drug companies rich. Roll up your sleeves!!!

"The new WEALTHCARE tax law will help rich people like Donald Trump afford Gucci belts or suspenders to hold up his pants around young women more than half his age and who he says reminds him of Ivanka! "--(R-KY) Senator Mitch McConnell
How come the stock market is so bad now if your tax cuts helps the economy?    You are a traitor to your country by protecting Russia
KAG!
More bull  from @GOP . Midwest is being hit hard by Chinese tariffs & lack of NAFTA. 173% tariff on sorghum, & Mexico is going to South America for corn.
People are walking around, alive today, who otherwise wouldn’t be because of James Shaw. He showed courage. He saved lives. Why don't you do the same? 90% of Americans want gun reform.....but you continue to suck up to the NRA for your blood money.

"Mitch McConnell is going to take up judges—people who are going to be  there for a lifetime — over ambassadors who will be there for a short  time," Corker told a meeting of journalists at a breakfast hosted by the  Christian Science Monitor.

NO DAYS OFF UNTIL ALL NOMINEES CONFIRMED. DO YOUR JOB

How about Net Neutrality? Zinke? Pruitt?  What about those topics?  Stop trying to sell your lies please.  Try meaningful content on national concern issues. Mr. McConnell, it's called, 'doing your job'.  Try that for a real change.
Thanks for the additional money in my paycheck so I can afford the rising gasoline prices and drive to my two jobs. Who needed more money for food, medicine, education or incidentals when gas companies getting big tax gains can still “rape” us.
Which American people again?
CBO confirms that 71% of all economic gains from Trump's tax cuts in 2028 will benefit foreigners, and 43% of all economic gains from tax cuts between 2018-2028. https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/reports/53772-2017taxacteffectsonincome.pdf … #GOPTaxBill

Only 5 million people have benefitted from your #taxreform. That's barely 2% of the American population! #TaxScam
What benefits? It sucks. Pay way more on your income tax.
Treason will not be tolerated in any form .Pack your bags feeble minded , corrupt old man.
Fund the wall, confirm presidential nominees, do your job!
Why are there so many confirmation votes that haven't been taken?  You could limit the Dimms ability to obstruct, yet you choose not to.  Either be part of the solution, or get out of the way!  #MAGA
Abominable.
Wealthy people and large corporations love it; the working person-not so much. Your scam is taking you down.
for every $1 in bonuses, corps spent $35 in stock buybacks.......
End the dam 60 vote crap now. Or take Ryan’s lead and retire.
#taxscam
Yeah Mitch ... go with that ...,     Gallup Poll on GOP tax-cut: 39% approve, 52% disapprove

Why is all others states but Indiana
The very richest Americans got 83 Billion dollars of the tax scam benefit. We got a pittance (if anything), and WE have to pay off the huge debt this gift to the rich caused.
The gap between rich and poor got even wider thanks to this taxscam.
Most Americans know you passed the scam because the rich paid you to do it. We are wondering why the GOP/NRA is not busy impeaching the WH monster and not investigating the cabinet swamp monsters. Blue Wave.
BS
Protecting the Mueller Investigation and the Integrity of our Nation of Laws is much more important than your precious tax reform.
Oh shut up gothic farmer
BS they got screwed royally
Dude...your own colleagues are supporting dems for your seat....NO ONE BELIEVES OR RESPECTS YOU ANYMORE. pretty bad when Corker denounces you to support a dem. Bwahahahahahahahahaha!!
They’re not seeing the benefits of tariffs tho.
Iowa, call you senators. #NoConCon.
*your
Resign.

#GOPTaxScam. Banks and Wall Street reap rewards while you fucked over the average citizen. SHAMEFUL.
Liars.  Shame on you

Only 4.3% of workers will get a 1 time bonus/pay increase. Companies got   9x more in cuts than they passed to workers. The analysis by a group  supporting tax cuts also found companies spent 37x as much on stock  buybacks than they passed on to workers.
Will Pompeo be confirmed?  He must be otherwise rep lose the senate
Grassely has been in office since 1974. UNBELIEVABLE How does something like this hsppen?McConnell could make the senate move faster by holdimg them in session and not letting them go home till they WORK. He could do away with the filibuster too.
Not buying it
Confirm Pompeo!  #DrainTheSwamp  #DefundNpr @defundPP #RepealObamaCare
Current national debt $64,000 + per citizen and $8,000 + APR.  Trump and the GOP has since his election past both the twenty and twenty one trillion make.  GOP tax policy have put about 80% of all wealth in the hands very and many of them GOP donors. GOP = wealthy get wealthier.
Which Iowans are you talking about? 

The rich ones apparently, because the poor Iowans are getting screwed over. 

#CorruptGOP
6 Wall Street Banks saved $3.5 billion in taxes due to the #GOPTaxScam. How much did middle class Iowa families save?
Why don't you go obstruct this president like you did the last one?
GOP - Greed Over People
THANKS TO PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP'S POLICIES
CONGRESS:: WORK WITH THE PRESIDENT

McCONNELL:  GET POMPEO CONFIRMED NOW AND THE REST 
OF NOMINEES WAITING TO WORK FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP

@senjudiciary @ChuckGrassley @senorrinhatch @SenateGOP @randpaul
Merrick Garland.
When are you going to pull the plug on the Congressional Perverts Fund? We TaxPayer are on the hook to Fund this sickos perversions.
How are the Chinese tariffs working out for the people from Iowa?
Nope
Hay McConnell step down, we are tired of paying you to slow walk congress. Get the hell out and let a real leader lead the senate. #NewLeadership2018
When are you going to do something about all the people being shot down with assault rifles?
Fake news. No one is unless your very wealthy
Well *somebody*'s seeing the benefit of the #GOPTaxScam: Charles and David Koch and Rebekah Mercer—your employers. The American people have had enough of Donald Trump's Republican party, and yours.
Leader McConnell is a waste of space in senate. Time for someone with balls and not stuck in the 60’s.
In the delusional head of the @GOP
@SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @NancyPelosi  @SenatorSchumer I see you are having trouble w/Pompeo nomination so 1. Blame  dems, 2. Ignore facts, 3. Pull a Gorsuch and twist arms & rules if nrcessary. Maybe you should review your other nomination approvals - not good!

If you let the LIBERALS BLOCK THE SECRETARY we will vote you all out! Nothing but WEASELS LETTING THE DEMOCRATS RUN CIRCLES AROUND YOU!!!
I am an American.  Hasn't helped me.


Why isn’t the senate doing their job stay there on the weekends if you have to but confirm President Trump appointees do your job confirm confirm confirm!!!!!!
Keep on talking..maybe after a while you'll actually believe what you're saying.  Trump's rumps might believe you, but we don't.
All we know about you is the company you keep!  Your endorsement is for creepiness
Tax Reform was months ago. Only thing Senate has passed this yr. How about immigration refor, / bills from House? Too many vacations.
#2018
Retire Chucky
Ok. You too turtle 
The GOP is cooked in the midterms. I would give up on trying to pimp the bogus Tax Scam, Mitch. It only makes you look more incompetent
Good to hear Iowans are enjoying the orgy of debt. We will send them the bill when it comes due.
Kiss ass. Sad!
Start working on something else instead of boasting about the scam you pulled on my children and grandchildren you should be ashamed
wow!! you're only 2,000,000 companies short.
#TaxScam
Wait Iowans will bury you guys. Trade wars no soya bean farming no hogs to raise -farmers get weeds.
CRYPTO BLOCK CHAIN TECHNOLOGY WILL >>> soon make the globalization of money and all assets possible through the IBM block chain initiative >>> as early as the end of 2018 the systems will be ready.  https://www.finder.com/ibm-blockchain-platform-pilots-live-trades … @POTUS @REALDONALDTRUMP





my taxes are going up.

You can say it 100X/day but no matter how many times you say it, it won't make the #GOPTaxScam a good thing for middle class or poor Americans.
You have enriched yourself and the Mercer’s Koch’s of the world. Thank you for $1.25  like to donate  it back to your scum party  but won’t . Coz you guys don’t deserved one red cent !! See you in November 2018.
The RICH in Iowa maybe.


It is quite astounding how, with each tweet, you further display how completely out of touch you are from the American people.

How can tax cuts help US if our national debt continues to rise? Let's do the MATH.
It helps those who already have a lot of money. The Republican tax law gives the richest 1% of Americans an average personal income tax break of about $33,000. The poorest Americans will receive $40.
Hey Mitch is that #GOPTaxScam making up for the million and millions of dollars lost in soybean exports to the farmers? NO!
#GOPFailedPolicy
Confirm Pompeo and all other Trump nominees being held up by the senate!!!!
Are there any Grassley constituents included in the 32.5 million who didn't get TAX RELIEF? How many got a few bucks that will fade away over the next 10 yrs. leading to higher taxes? Why isn't the "middle class" TAX RELIEF permanent like Corp. and top 1 %? K STREET LOBBYISTS?
GOP=DEATH
#StopPompeo 
#ProtectMueller 
#ThrowThemOut
@SpeakerRyan  @HouseGOP  @SenateGOP  @NancyPelosi  @SenatorSchumer  I believe there are many good things in tax scam act! The real question: Why did the GOP give almost 1+ trillion $$ to big GOP donors, big corp stock buybacks & corrupt US Senate vote buying schemes?
