If you don't have the courage to end funding to Planned Parenthood an org whose biggest business is ABORTION then I will have to conclude you never intended to keep your promises! The same goes for Funding Sanctuary Cities! We need a deterrent to stop these ILLEGAL ALIENS!
I totally support all efforts for our Military but your bill does nothing for Middle Class Amer & I'm talking about the people who actually pay Fed Taxes! You have not kept your promises & this will be a deal breaker for Conservatives! Maybe Fed Tax Paying Amer needs to move!
And what are you going to do to him? Vote democrat the next time? 
Not funding the biggest campaign promise the voters of our nation strongly told you they wanted #BuildTheWall. Providing funding for Sanctuary Cities is outrageous. So is funding PP. Millions of voters see this as a failure. As well as not knowing what else 2000+pg bill not read.
Lose in November, if that bill goes through. No PP,  no Sanctuary Cities. Build that wall. Shut the damn government down!
And again increase the deficit, which is already at record levels. so we and our children can pay it off for decades to come. Great legacy.
We don't want to be a police state.
Mr. McConnell, you are selling out the American people by pandering to the Democrats. America does not want to fund the political entity called PP.  We want entire funding to build the wall.  You are becoming the poster boy for term limits.
Whew! Glad you didn’t mention domestic spending, you would’ve been out of character. #Senate
How-about-More-work

Less-praising-of-Russian-leaders-who-hack-our-infrastructure-elections-and-allies
Really, There was no problem with Obama making the same diplomatic call to Putin in 2012! As far as hacking goes, China hacked the US & stole the identity data for 4,000,000 Fed Employees! You seem to have no problem with talking to China! I think you're just an ignorant Lib!
You are going down!
http://video.foxnews.com/v/5756187170001/?playlist_id=930909787001#sp=show-clips … Shame on you! This is the crap you get when you only let four democrats (you, Ryan, Schumer, Pelosi) write the bill.
At what price?  You are giving in too easy to Dems.
Be a Leader!
#ResignNOW
Where will the money come from?
Are you still going to tuck the MLB federal minimum wages exemption in there? The one that lets baseball teams pay minor league players far less than minimum wage?
Waste more billions in defense spending! Be a true conservative and get a handle on Department of Defense waste, first.
I totally hear you but god help us there’s only a handful of people who acknowledge the amount of monetary waste  in that dept. I may be Liberal but I think we can do so much better. Military should be taken care of but the excess needs to be fixed.
IF YOU ARE A DEMOCRAT, SO THAT YOU ARE A DEMOCRAT...  iF YOU ARE AN ANTI TRUMPER, SAY THAT YOU ARE ANTI TRUMP.  INVOKE THE NUCLEAR OPTION OR GET THE HELL OUT OF THE SENATE LEADERSHIP.
VOTE DOWN this horrific spending bill.  Listen to your constituents.  Don’t approve this bill.  Big loss in November 2018 for R’s if you pass this crap.  @POTUS
Are you still planning to pay $50 million for Trump's stupid parade?  Answer us this first!

#BuildTheWall
Our military is already bigger than all European countries combined. How about taking care of the American citizens in Puerto Rico? Your priorities are self-interested B S. #traitorMcConnell
Actions speak larger than words.  This budget isn't the one GOP members have promised or campaigned on.  Result, Republicans will be sitting home on Election Day. This Budget has ensured a Dem Speaker in Jan. @GOP @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump @GOPChairwoman
I don't trust you one bit.
Here's an easy act all parties should be able to pass to close this #Immigration loophole: Birthright Citizenship Act, H.R. 140.
Defund Planned Parenthood. Fully fund wall. Bring troops home and then cut all spending 10% real dollars.
NO Omnibus!!!!!! Take up House Spending Bills. #KYVoter
DoD used Mills Act to refund military pensions. Betrayed of retirees.
Well lookie here on page 2,212 of the #omnibus. Text of the CLOUD Act, which allows foreign gov’ts to demand data from US companies. Added to the omni without hearings, markups or amendments.
Is defense spending going to provide 21st Century infrastructure, health care security or the Wall? How many wars can we expect?
Thanks oracle Mitch.
Fund the wall
Confirm Trumps appointments already. So ridiculous. Voting incumbent senators out...
You are a disgrace to the voters in #Kentucky who voted to #MAGA . Praying @POTUS @realDonaldTrump will VETO this POS 1.3 trillion dollar liberal win that funds PP, #SanctuaryCities #Obamacare and Chuck Schumer's pet tunnel. #Omnibus
Is this the bill where you strip benefits from Medicare, you greedy little rat. #MedicareForAll
stop funding planned parenthood and sanctuary cities. stop excessive spending, cut spending.
No! It’s crap!! And YOU are crooked! Step down!
We pay your salary, now get back to the drawing board and fix this shit!!!!
Gotta love it. Planned Parenthood gets our tax dollars, then turns around and donates back to democrats. This and lobbyists making donations has to stop. It’s money laundering
And give $500 million to planned Parenthood.. and funding sanctuary states..
#FuckThisShit #NotWhatWeVotedTrumpFor
#FixIt..
Yep gotta have that NY/NJ tunnel that neither state is paying for. And yes, no Wall! Thank Mitch for dealing with Dems and ignoring budget bills from congress. Thank them for not fighting and stealing more of our money.
Bullshit

You dump a VP bill that has had ZERO review, no hearings or debate and call this legislation...

This is disgusting........

Puppet, criminal traitor......
This is an embarrassment to all Republicans especially rank and file and constituents. NO to funding of sanctuary cities, NO to the NY/NJ tunnel, NO to Planned Parenthood, NO to AMT for border wall which doesn't cover NEW wall or increased border officials.  THIS IS A SHAM!
Yet no issues with waste addressed
We need a #BalancedBudgetAmendment.  No more spending trillions more than we make, and no you can't increase taxes! @SpeakerRyan @POTUS @Heritage @Heritage_Action @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
But you are increasing discretionary funding as well! Just Increase defense and decrease other non essential spending.  $1.3 TRILLION is CRAZY no matter how you want to spin it! #DefundPlannedParenthood Cut SNAP. This spending bill is wrong. #BuildTheWall which this doesn't do!
It was YOUR Russiapublicans, trying to FUK President Obama who created the cuts for the DoD!
How about healthcare, school funding, housing, ss, Medicare, Medicaid, opioid n social programs because d majority of people dont live of defense.
no 4 point immigration plan,  Hope @POTUS refuses to sign it.
Still awaiting a vote that makes individual tax cuts permanent. It is time to ask all Senators to sign off on these cuts.
@SenDeanHeller @SenCortezMasto
Did the Koch Brothers bless it?
So, will you support the #worstpresidentever when he starts a war? You know, good for business, right Turtle?

#complicit
We're not involved in any major wars. Save the money for something useful like healthcare
I pray President Trump vetoes the Ryan/McConnell outrageous spending bill!!
But are you funding Obamacare,planned parenthood, and other liberal programs? We gave you power to defund them.
STOP SPENDING LIKE DEMOCRATS!
You're a disgrace. No wall, funding PPH. Congress is about to vote on a $1.6 trillion funding bill, privately written by congressional leaders (still yet to be made public)--giving members and the public around 24 hours to read its 2,000 pages.

The tax cut to one percent of the richest people in America is a scam to the middle class.
It’s a horrible bill and you might as well call yourself a Democrat! #DirtyChineseMoney
Yea right good luck getting anything done with do nothing democrats. Spend more time at mic and fake news than in their seats at the Senate
We have the largest defense budget in the World. How about we retreat from that antiquated White conquistador/colonialist/warmonger attitude and fix the other issues in the #usa. We have a bunch of them...
What about your promise on a DACA vote??
First and foremost, GOP needs to check & balance the incompetent "Commander in Thief" (Trump).  It's apparent GOP's hierarchy branch of government flows in a one way direction. Trump congratulated Putin despite Congress warning. Protect Mueller or GOP should stand by for mayhem!
Traitor
When will you EVER stand up to this President?! Enough with all of these pretend positive posts! He is ruining this country and you so called Republicans let him continue to denigrate our democracy! History will treat you harshly!
Is Planned Parenthood still being funded?  How about NPR?  How about giving money to countries that hate us?  How about funding for the wall?
Need funding for more than 100 miles of wall. The House bill is pathetic
Where all the jobs Mitch, where is all this money coming from, the future looks mighty bleek for our kids kids, and yaul don't care, sad
It truly amazes me how many of you all made that deal with the devil, you'd boss, and think yaul got away, not, see now the rug is starting to get pulled and all of you well fall, wake up and make things right before you start burning, in hell that is
Wall included?
If you REMEMBER those cut were implemented as stimulas...instead of a taxcut that has created a new burden on the system.

You speak of the sequester as if it was not necessary. Was a way to generate stimulas without tax increase...unlike R' s taxcut
This week the #Senate will take up a spending bill that will meet a number of the nation’s most pressing challenges and mark the end of disproportionate and harmful cuts to @DeptofDefense funding, and deliver the largest increase in defense spending in 15 years.
How much for the Wall? #BuildTheWall
IMPEACH TRUMP!!!!!!
Hey Mitch #OutOfTouchOldMan thanks for the additional $1.3T in spending that my children and grandchildren are inheriting!!  CLEARLY you don’t care about a balanced budget!!  Here’s a thought, let’s start by ending taxpayer funded pensions for congress - GOP & Democrats!!
Why don’t you take up spending frivolously in the Trump cabinet?
Fund the wall...not Planned Parenthood
Take the title away. Leader of what
More $ ——> EDUCATION!
Less $ ——-> SUBSIDIZING STEEL AND MILITARY MARKETS!
= A STRONGER, SMARTER AMERICA!!
Let’s be #smart about nationalism!

I swear!! The #GOP are like juveniles that found their parents credit cards and are going bat shit crazy with them. Again, it'll take Democrats to clean your mess up again.
You and Nancy are two peas in a pod. Fix our country. 1. Constitutional Admendment for a balanced budget 2. Term Limits. 3. End the filibuster.

Congress is giving awards while Russia sits on our power grid. 
MajL.U are Not Protecting FBI & DOJ from daily assault by Trump/GOPHouse&Senate members. ReignThemIN DoYourDuty
Alex Nix Pointed out House GOP Intel asked 3 questions about CambridgeAnalytica, they didn't want 2knowDemsdid?
U R Not telling Trump2STOPObstructing Justice! SessionsRecused&FiresMcCabe
In 90 daysB4IGreport? ProtectMueller
This is your 1st tweet after Trump is Sucking up 2Putin, Not ordering NSA 2Retaliate4Hackin PowerGrid&UKAttack?
Support Article V, Convention of States, let's clean house ourselves!!! Time to take back the peoples government!
and ignore the real threat to this country...@realDonaldTrump
Why are you doing it in secret and not working with the Democrats on it?
AND throw the country into further Republican deficit!!!

USA spends far more than any other country on defense.
You should retire. You will get your pension unlike Mr. MCcabe. You never stood up for the people. Evilness never pays off.
#ProtectMueller
Take up why trump congratulating dictators on rigged elections. How many peepee tapes out there
The only thing disproportionate is the amount of funding FOR the @DeptofDefense!!! Another imbecile move by the most dysfunctional and pathetic #Senate this country has ever seen. Y'all so transparent, we can $ee right thru this latest round of B$!!!
You are a shameful man McConnell and must have had your balls snipped off years ago....go back to the rock you crawled out of and leave leading to the people who will elected in the upcoming elections....you are no Man and you are for sure no leader
Cuts?! What cuts?!  To the #DOD ?! How can you say that with a straight face turtle man Every YEAR the defence budget gets HUGE INCREASES that make cuts to other services such as HHS and Edu just to name a couple! The DOD is 55% of the budget so where are these “cuts” #Budget2018
Why are we fully funding sanctuary cities? That’s not a good use of our money
Seriously?! More money into DoD contractors' pockets??? So give us the percentage of money that goes directly to our troops, NOT incl officers! What about infrastructure, edu, health care? Your voters are fools to keep you in ofc.
We applaud the increase in military spending, but the rest of yours & @SpeakerRyan work on this bill is woefully inadequate. You can't spin this away. You & Ryan needs to be replaced. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @freedomcaucus @SteveScalise @POTUS #FoxNews
Those who don't know history doom us to repeat it
Yeah, yeah, yeah...still funds Planned Parenthood and does not adequately fund "the wall". I hope POTUS refuses to sign it.
There better not be an #InternetSalesTax, or any #Obamacare bailouts in that bill. #Republicans will be thrown out of office like never before if that happens.  @JohnCornyn @TedCruz
It should NOT be allowed for an elected official to hold someone anonymously!! You work for us!!!!
The spending is disgusting. Build the wall.
When are going to bring @RichardGrenell to the floor. Germany needs his voice now.
No I hope Trump vetoes the bill because you have not put in the money for a border wall.
Oh look what turtle doesn’t care about our national debt any more.  How’s the legislation to protect Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation coming there comrade?
Yes Granpappy Turtle they are clearly suffering...spending is so very low. Grease the wheels of war! Fire up the machines! Take your meds! #slingingthebullshit
Next week you’ll want to “reform” social security and Medicare to pay for your increase in defense spending and your tax cuts for millionaires. Not gonna happen.
Q:How many Repubs does it take to Govern?
A: The world may never know.  
YOU ALL SUCK AT GOVERNING
@SpeakerRyan 
@POTUS
Where is this bill? When can we read it?


#BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall#BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall  #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall  where is funding??????
Good for your defense industry friends. Biggest threat is cyber not tanks.
The defense department needs a half a trillion dollar haircut not a substantial increase. We already spend ten times what other countries spend. Can't wait to vote you guys out.
When U REDUCE the amount of $ coming IN, U can’t INCREASE the amount of $ going OUT. Either U & all politicians have been lying about funds available all along OR, U can’t do BASIC MATH. The U.S. will continue to suffer as long as U & like minded hypocrites are in power. Bad
Instead of SNAP and Medicaid for choldren and elderly and disabled?
THen lets skip the stupid military parade, a HUGE waste of money.  When we are at a point where you plan to strip HC from many, high time to cut the useless crap, like the wall while we're at it.  When citizens are homeless and hungry, you still cater to trump and the wealthy.
Take OUT PP funding & Sanctuary City funding These are NOT acceptable & the Wall MUST be in it
How about a DACA fix?
Where’s DACA coverage?   Liars in the gop!
Sir, If you count 11:59:59 pm as deadline YOU only have 3 days left before a shut down!!! Do your damn JOB!!! Or seek Employment somewhere else  Sir
You are not nice sir
Like the spending bill you just passed putting $$ aside for sexual discrimination lawsuits?? I thought the American public made it clear we are NOT okay with that!
Your fearfulness to take any stands when it comes to DJT is quite pitiful. Do you have children or grandchildren? What a horrible example of leadership you give them and the rest of us! #tremulousTURTLE
This isnt something to brag about, just a fear tatic used by the republicans!
Retire
Can u shut up about taxes for 5 seconds? Our president congratulated a dictator that JUST attacked our infrastructure. Your talk is cheap. You need to call for action. Protect Mueller. Protect our country from Putin. You realize you’re going down in history as complicit, right?
You do know the US has attacks in place of infrastruture of nations across the world. Russia has been trying to do this for decades. Normal.
Change the Senate to a majority rule body. You have only 3 more years of Republican majority, after that the democrats will control and change it if they have a democrat president!
The wall would be, among other things, an environmental disaster.
Congress plans to ram through funding for President Trump’s border wall by tacking it onto a must-pass OMNIBUS bill to fund the government, ignoring threats to endangered wildlife, public lands and border…
@SenateMajLdr @PRyan DO NOT Give any money To Planned Parenthood OR Obamacare! The People Want OUR MONEY to go for THE WALL! Also TAKE AWAY VISA LOTTERY & CHAIN MIGRATION! You TWO Need to Help “MAKE AMERICA GREAT! 
"This week, we're ramping up our tax scam. big corporations are taking their big tax cuts and investing in buying their own stock. But, we knew you morons would fall for trickle down economics" McConnell translation
The wall?

Bragging about increasing deficits bigly while corporations & millionaires continue to rcv billions in tax cuts is gross.
More war
We’ve been wondering why the @GOP turns a blind eye to the things @realDonaldTrump says and does as well as his cabinets excesses. Could this be it?

Cambridge Analytica works for Trump
CA uses bribes and hires hookers to blackmail politicians

Which means...
Why would U criticize our Pres for congrtulating Putin when Obama not only did the SAME THING in 2012 but also was caught on an Open Microphone saying "tell Vlad I will have more flexibility after the election"! WTF?? U guys r so F ING feckless
Oh you will sneak in some more tax cuts for your donors
As you sit back and watch the degradation of your home state at the hands of your cronie @MattBevin
Mitch "I'm Obama's Bitch" McConnell: your $1.3 trillion nightmare budget doesn't address the issues: DACA isn't resolved; the wall isn't funded & Planned parenthood plus other pork is still attached...This sucks...You are a disgrace. You & the other GOP swampers fail us again!!
You're a loser!

Not a single cent to fund the wall but you give billions to Planned Parenthood and Sanctuary Cities.

Done with you sorry losers.
Why not it’s easy to spend money you don’t have, just pass the debt to our kids and grandkids. Oh & the big tax cut you gave the Rich helps

And solidify the return to 1+ million annual deficits for many years to come. #MAPA (Make Americans Poor Again).
tired of u Do nothing Rinos.times running out.better pass agenda and confirm nominees.we aren't playing!
We spend more on our military than anything else. If more funding is approved then will you end military discrimination of transgender people?

I see right through your blatant lies. Hopefully others will read the graph & see your lies too. There are more rerirees & their healthcare spending accompanied by the   INCREASED spending of EVERY #Republican period.
@GOP cut revenue & deficit spend BIG. Then WE pay. +Interest.
Put in the wall funding, take out planned parenthood, etc. and maybe you have something!
and will deliver the largest budget deficit in history
Still funds @PPFA & Sanctuary Cities! You need to be voted out. We know you are working against Republicans. You sound like a damn democrat. Spend spend spend. Use the damn nuclear option. Because the democrats will as soon as they regain the senate.
#spending #OPM is what greedy ole people do
What about Puerto Rico?
We have a larger defense budget than the next 6 developed countries combined. We don’t need more defense spending—we need health care, schools and infrastructure. Sweet baby jeebus, the GOP couldn’t be more idiotic. How much $$$$ in your pockets from defense contractors?

Fund the wall,defund planned parenthood and  Sanctuary cities. Enough of this crap you are the leader act like it. Get behind @POTUS
Impeach trump.
Get out of office! You're an establishment republican against the @POTUS and you're totally in favor of Mueller taking down the President!  @realDonaldTrump should not work with you. #MAGA
Go back to sleep Mitch.
How about that tax cut!!





We spend more than the next 8 military budgets combined. Will this, hopefully, bring us up? We need to, at least, be more than the next 20.... And to hell with healthcare, education, infrastructure, life-expectancy, wages, etc, etc,....

Do not give in to this pork spending? You split some BS in the last time. Only spend what is necessary for America. You people need to start cutting the deficit and get our country back to greatness. Make this the time to get rid of all national and trade deficits.
We need to account for what's already been spent which should have been more than sufficient.
Why is additional spending on the military ok but not on social programs? Might it have to do with who is lining your pockets?
