Get out of the way we need term limits
what about lowering the national debt?
@SenMajLdr did you read the entire 2500 page funding bill?! @POTUS WE WANT THIS TYPE OF CONGRESSIONAL VOTE OUTLAWED!These bills should have a predefined size&reasonable time allowed for research.Each Government office should turn in individual funding packets.THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE
Tax the GOP,have more money.
The American people are ready to mail in donations to Build the Wall!!!!!
Our defense budget is ENORMOUS...yet we have vets who are homeless and denied care.  Our enlisted are on food stamps in many cases.  The problem is not that we don't spend enough, the problem is how it's spent...too much on defense contractors, while the troop starve...
you have loaded this bill with a bunch of rubbish to go along with the democrats. shame on you
Money better spent on education.
You haven't done anything on passing appropriations Bill's. you have 13 Bill's you haven't even touched yet. you are a do nothing Senate. more worried about reelection than getting something done. some Rep have to go your one of them.
You gave away everything else for this though!That’s not negotiating that’s caving!  this wasn’t a compromise #Democrats again get what they wanted! We were lied to again! You funded Sanctuary Cities AND PPact You gave money to OCare etc etc! It’s Filled with Pork!  @POTUS
Yeah,don't military serve
You are the definition of #swamp.

Conflict of Interest. A conflict of interest arises when what is in a person's best interest is not in the best interest of another person or organization to which that individual owes loyalty.

#sellout
#DitchMitch
700 billion.....
SEVEN HUNDRED BILLION.
The commander in chief is out of control:
@SenMajLdr, trying to sale this pig of a bill should get you ousted from leadership. Go work for Schumer.
Who can believe you?
We need a strong and powerful defense right now.  Thank you for putting together the bill,  Majority Leader McConnell.  Stand your ground.  You did something wonderful for our country.  And President Trump can turn 600,000,000 into a beautiful Wall for our country.  Thanks again.
YES FRIEND LEADER
The poppy fields
This is YOUR legacy.

Perhaps the most galling story of hypocrisy in American History is the tale of how the modern GOP — a party which prides itself on patriotism and loyalty to America, came to embrace a President who sold America to a hostile foreign government.

YOU'VE ONLY GIVEN TRUMP ONE THING AND THE REST YOU FELL BACK WITH THE DEMOCRATS! WHY? ARE THEY PAYING YOU KICKBACKS! YOU GUY ARE HORRIBLE AND NO MORALS! YOU WILL ANSWER FOR YOUR BAD DEEDS! GOD DOESN'T FORGET! SHAME ON YOU ALL!  NOW THERE ARE MANY OF US TOTALLY HAD ENOUGH OF YOU!
BARS OF GOLD, JETS,  LIMOUSINES AND ELABORATE VACATIONS  FOR THE RICH AND POWERFUL  
CUTS TO SS, MEDICARE/ MEDICAID AND HEARSES FOR THE POOR, SICK AND POWERLESS.
"Rs" ARE SO, VERY, SELFISH, GREEDY AND HEARTLESS
WE WANT, FOR ALL, THE SAME MEDICAL COVERAGE THAT CONGESS HAS! NOW
SORRY TO SAY, YOU FOOLISHLY LEFT OUT THE WALL!!!  GOOD GRIEF!!  DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND WHAT'S AT STAKE?   YOU ARE COOPERATING WITH THOSE WHO WILL GLADLY DESTROY OUR COUNTRY -- AND FOR WHAT?  TO FILL THEIR WALLETS!  THE OPPONENTS OF THE WALL ARE BEING PAID OFF!!! WE NEED THE WALL!!
Retire
U guys betyer give Trump more money before November or u lose control of congre5 forever?
What a freaking joke.  Shame on you and every other GOP who support this.
Useless as......  You know the  rest
RESIGN.
After the world is destroyed by round one of a nuclear weapons exchange, we won’t really appreciate round two. But go ahead  and fund rounds two and three.

#mushroomcloudMitch
McConnell, if you were so committed to Defense Spending, why didn't you just seek a separate appropriation that didn't require you to give in to DEMS massive domestic spending for AltLeft programs?  Unless, of course, you wanted all the DEMs spending too!  Which you did!
We need roads, bridges, infrastructure. Not military buildup for Bolton. Pull your head out and help us.
And after you lose both houses of Congress in November, how are you going to ensure that result?  Or do you even care since you've oddly enough become a multi-millionaire while being in "public service" and politics your whole life?  #MagicMoneyMitch
Yet it increases our debt and gives Dems everything they could ever want. You sold us out McConnell - AGAIN.  Why do you think Pelosi and Schumer were elated when the House passed it? You sold us out!  #StopTheOmnibus #vetotheomnibus #buildthewall
God I don't like you and Paul Ryan, freaking cowards desperate to hold power as long as possible, country be damned. I call that traitorous!  A year ago you would have too! You refuse to do your jobs and be a check and balance on Trump and HE IS DAMAGING US!
Senator, this bill is full of pork. All you have agreed to is sticking the bill with our grandchildren.
It still does not justify what else was put in this disgraceful omnibus I hope @realDonaldTrump sees this for what it is.  Put the funding needed for our military in a separate bill and work out the rest,  do your job sir.
Well if you don’t protest Bolton as sec advisor.... SCARY
Gee, weren't those Dept. of Defense cuts due to the sequestration the GOP demanded to reduce the debt during the Obama Administration?  #GOPScam
No sir. It will continue funding the murder mill known as PP.
Corrupt abuse of authority and getting worse by the hour!!! Stop the failed #eldmandate and fix the mess you have created! #eldorme
In My View Voters can't tell Republicans from Democrats... Stop the baby Slaughter & Fund the Damn Wall!  #Trump2020LandSlide
Is there going to be anything left to defend?
No one cares what you say any more, pal, since you handed your soul over to Trump.
Feeding your hungry defence contractors?
FALSE
Attention #POTUS DO NOT SIGN THAT TRAITOR #omnibusbill NO!
#BuildTheWall #mayMEXICOPAYFORTHEWALL
#EndDACA #EndSanctuaryCities #EndChainMigrations
#EndPlannedParenhood
#BailCitizensStudentsLoans
And how are you paying for it???
What kind of gun control bill did you sneak in?
REMEMBER YOUR OATH.
Those cuts were bc you couldn't agree on a budget, nitwit
I'm really looking forward to the next 3 years and that battle for the White House.
Passing this bill will guarantee a Republican LOSS in November & impeachment for Trump.
PRESIDENT TRUMP has done nothing to be impeached.
I know that.  @POTUS needs to veto this spending bill if it passes the senate.  If he doesn’t, Republicans will lose even bigger in November.  With Dems in control, they will find a way to impeach.
let's pray they won't. The only way they can try is by lying like they are now.
You have put a toddler in charge. The death and destruction that will follow are on you and your comrades.
Cuts you and your @GOP buddies insisted on thru sequestration. You created the problem in the first place.

What part of build the wall do you not understand?  What part of don’t Fund Planned Parenthood so they can Fund democraps, and don’t Fund sanuaury cities  do you not understand?  YOU ARE FIRED!  #notmyleader

Go F**k yourself, take Schumer, Ryan and Pelosi with you. #TheResistance
You need to step down, you sold out to @chuckschumer!
Congress needs to remove this lawless president from office.
This increase is in excess of the total defense expenditures of every nation except China and Russia and it approaches the 85 billion dollar total expenditure of Russia. Trump was correct in speaking of a new arms race.
Even democrats support our military. You were played Mitch.
You have no "balls" to stand up to our President! Our Democracy and Constitution is in jeopardy! Wake up!
What cuts?  Defense spending has increased EVERY YEAR since at least 2008, except 2011, when it got cut because the DoJ found massive misspending in the pentagon.
Lemming Mc Connell no leader
The GOP has controlled the House for 20 of the last 24 years. If the military is in such bad shape it the fault of the GOP
Hey Mitch "Goblin" Mcconnell do your job and pass a budget like the law requires every year. The U.S. Senate is the most dysfunctional bunch of holier-than-thou fart sniffers ever since the Roman Senate.
Dept of Deficit

Their job will be to defend against the creditors
In my opinion YOU SOLD US OUT. We DO need to take care of our military. YOU NEED to take care of us. What you have conspired with the Dems to present as a budget is totally WRONG. YOU SOLD US OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


Please.  The Pentagon has received billions and billions of dollars for hardware that it will never use.  Why don't you increase soldier's pay?  Because all you really care about is giving your mega-donor arms contractors their money.  We know.
You and Paul Ryan are the SWAMP!
Yup. The military definitely was underfunded.
what are your dealings w china.
No No No
This is an Omnibus not appropriation bill. Vote against it and vote for appropriation bill only!!!
Are you simple minded. Our military budget is the largest in the world already but you offer no breakdown of what this money is going for. You have added 3 trillion to our debt already. Where are you getting the money.
Social security
Except for a $30 million dollar parade
"If we just keep saying 'military', our constituents will support it, even though it stinks."  These ppl think we're idiots. Do they really think we aren't on to this game by now?
Military shouldn't keep getting blank checks. We need to be strong but also accountability. Stop government/military waste.
Largest Federal Deficit ever!
F defense spending your a criminal
A seditionist a obstructionist and history will remember you what this failed majority did to our nation
In my view, you must fund the wall fully, de-fund Planned Parenthood and sanctuary cities.  You are a Republican not a Democrat.  I'm very disappointed with how you and Ryan give in to the democrats.
Your view is distorted by your donors views.
Don't crow so early, there, Addison.

The duPont Manual High School experienced a decline in discipline and test scores.  What are you doing for education in Louisville? 

What are you doing for the health care of Louisville's disabled or newborn?
Alaska, Arizona, Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal. 7 years of Repeal & Replace and some Senators not there.

Nuke the filibuster and do this the right way.
Time to support our President either approve the nuclear option for his cabinet or resign!  No Daca Amenesty ever build that WALL
and screw we the ppl , WE DON'T WANT PP FUNDED , WE DON'T WANT SANCTUARY CITIES FUNDED , OR THAT STUPID TUNNEL , WE DO WANT WALL FUNDED AND YOU DID NONE OF IT ,,,YOU SOLD US OUT AGAIN
Trying to SPEND our way OUT OF DEPRESSION????
Seriously??? This is a liberal dream bill!!! Planned parenthood gets about as much money as the wall??? Democrats love this bill so we KNOW it’s horrible!!! 1.3 trillion for 6 months??!!!!! What are u guys doing up there? This is embarrassing and u will pay in November!!
Senator Senile, you're spending money you don't have, adding $1 Trillion to the deficit. HAVE YOU SWITCHED PARTIES?
They have already added trillions with their tax scam bill. You might want to research the last 50 years. The Republicans are the party of growing deficits....not the Dems.
Mitch: Defense includes protecting our Naval bases from rising seas. Not bombing Qatar, where our Yuge fleet and allied forces are parked. Can you not be a Trump apologist, tell the truth and get on with it.
Please dont let that terrible Anti American bill pass funding sanctuary cities & planned Parenthood r u a RINO? MAGA KAG
You should start by not cutting taxes and raising deficits,this would be a good start
Maybe you should have used Trumps wall money, golf, family travel, and other waste  for this instead of our Medicare.
and you sell we the people out in the process letting dems have everything they want WE DON'T WANT PLANNED PARENTHOOD FUNDED WE DON'T WANT SANCTUARY CITIES FUNDED , WE DO WANT WALL FUNDED , AND YOU DIDN'T DO ANY OF IT
MITCH! Baby, Please Tell the Truth!
You are not good at what you do, McConnell
Dow skids 400 points on fears of China trade war in advance of Trump remarks http://dlvr.it/QM1PsT  
Blow me
How are you going to pay for this and the tax cuts to the rich? #GOPTaxScam
In your view, the #chaosinWH is an opportunity to push thru draconian GOP legislation.
How about your tax cuts Addison? @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @StormyDaniels

This is a sellout to the Dems! Do your job, Fund the military, fund the wall! Not in an omnibus bill!
Again... Token raises to the deserving that leaves thier families vulnerable when they’re away fighting is not something to celebrate
your view,,you should have thought about that BEFORE you gave yourself, your rich buddies and corporations and PERMANENT tax GIFT!
how about an audit of the military budget, which has always been the highest in the worl?
And this bill will mark millions more not being able to afford healthcare.  Just paying back the already rich and big business donors at the expense of the middle class.   #GOPTaxBillScam #VoteThemOut2018
Yes but lacking in other key areas - funding for plannned parenthood,  insufficient funding for the wall, and dropping the hammer on sanctuary city/states.
I'm sure the military-industrial complex is ecstatic! What about taking care of Puerto Rico (some areas 6 mos w/o power), healthcare, infrastructure... you  know the REST of what the fuck you are supposed to be doing. #winning my ass. 

Complicity is treason.
REPUBLICAN PROPAGANDA! What you fail to tell America is more defense spending means MORE MONEY in YOUR pockets, since you ALL have ties to military manufacturers! The RICH continue to help the RICH!
You guys had your chance you blow it yout fird!!!!!
This bill is a failure.
How much more than the combined budget of the next 10 countries COMBINED do we have to spend to make your small hands feel safe?
You do know that the military personnel pay raise is 0.2 over current inflation rate. Not much of a raise. Is that what the Tax Reform bill is doing for us?
You Damn Repugnicans are nothing but War Mongers at the expense of programs that help the needy!!! Thank God the Midterms are coming!!!
Most hated politician in America!!!
Defund planned murderhood use money for wall or defense
Gee let's see...why was the defense budget cut during the Obama years,....let me think....oh I know, austerity! Had to work on all that debt being piled on from the Bush tax cuts. We just didn't have the money so you imposed caps on spending. STFU.
Objective statement. Contractors provide servies from laundry, networks to base security in conflict areas.
And no money for new wall - only money to repair and beef security.
Because a wall would've kept our the Texas kid with bombs, the Nevada shooter, or the poor sick kid in Florida? NOT
And GOP is funding part of trump’s mexico wall that trump PROMISED Mexico would pay for.

Yeah, Mitch. Exactly from where are you getting all that $$$? ...and, coincidentally, it's 15 years now you've been killing our guys in Iraq and Afghanistan. Why are we there? Who are we "fighting?" Get US out of there...and help your own people in KY.
Is that all you got get them to finish filling President Trump seats
Where's the Money for the Wall, all of it!?
TJ, Y a Wall? Who do you think is coming over that wall? The las vegas shooter with an arsenal didn't come over a wall. No mass shooters came over the border. Guys like Trump who steal our wealth are already here. What're you worried about?
You're a disgrace to our great nation Build the Wall was your mandate. You should resign immediately
Well whatever...as long as there is $30 million to fund “big beautiful military parade”—shameless GOP!
In my view, you are a corrupt, old, racist white man who is helping Putin/Trump destroy democracy.  Wishing you a hasty depart from Congress.
How is all that money from China benefitting your family net worth? Meanwhile, the age of full retirement for social security rises and Healthcare debacle not addressed, & spending beyond the ozone.
Yes, you are correct. I support your efforts to get this adjusted in spite of the cost of the Democratic goodies. The Democrats play this spending game and they always end up the winners politically. Why fight it?

So for the sake of defense spending, we have to run the country bankrupt.  Does that make sense?
GO BACK TO THE TABLE!!!
WE NEED THE WALL
Stop funding sanctuary cities! 
STOP FUNDING PLANNED PARENTHOOD KILLERS!!!
STOP BEING STUPID AND WRONG IN THE FACTS!

U r crazy. Lost my vote
This one good thing doesn't make up for the HUGE betrayal in other ways that this bill represents. I sincerely hope President Trump vetoes it.
@SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @SenateGOP  @NancyPelosi @SenatorSchumer I am all for properly funding our military. I am opposed to the levels proposed by the "military industrial complex" and their resultant big GOP donations! Rational legislators would portion that money more fairly!
We shouldn’t have to do this just to fund our military properly!! Shutdown the government!!!
while that is true, it does not mean you/we should continue to fund bad programs. While I'm for helping poor women get assistance with having their babies, I'm not for assisting woman kill them(babies). So fix that.
I support military.  we outspend (), China, the 2nd most expensive military by $5 Billion already. Commander in Chief/business mogul  cant make that work? We need new bridges!
You can't hide behind the military senator. Build the wall. Defund Sanctuary cities and Planned Parenthood. Eliminate the pork. We gave the @GOP the majority for a reason, do your job! #KillTheBill #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
When you stop funding the baby killers then we will take you serious.
You are the reason why those harmful cuts were in place!!!!
Why did you hide Russian interference and cyber attacks from the public in 2016. You don’t care about our defense if it doesn’t suit your political interest. Time to retire, Mitch!
What the hell do Conservatives stand for now?
Just love rhetoric...  completely inflated nonsense that explains absolutely nothing.  What were the cuts done in the past?  What did they harm? Where is the money being spent today that undoes that? Is there a panel of military experts that studied this or just one man?
#VETO

Why have you failed to even debate or vote on Appropriation Bills passed by the House? Now you try to tell us the only way to fund the government is this bloated monstrosity “Omnibus Bill”?

#RetireInPlace - the RINO motto
That's certainly appropriate, but WHY are we funding PP and sanctuary cities???
What’s up with you trolls today? Find a new job.
You should run as a Democrap
#GOPCorruption #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpGOPObstruction
And will make harmful cuts to Medicare and Medicaid. Suck it mitchy.....stop lying
I'm all for funding the Dept of Defense but what did the other side get in return? Sometimes, it just not worth it.
Stop with the lies.
Oh I think we spend too much already...
Since China pays its army staff about a $1 a day and since we pay a hundred or two a day, then you have to multiple Chinese expense by 100 to get comparison or divide the US expense by 100 at least to get comparison costs.  Are you proposing pay cuts?
Cost of living adjustment?
OK, now that sounds like it would work.
How much money does the military industrial complex contribute to your campaign, Senator McConnell?
Like your view matters when your bought & paid for by everyone but the American people that you Should be working for you old fool!!
Why in God's name have you done nothing to curb our out of control So called PRESIDENT?   THIS MAN IS RUNNING AMUCK, YET YOU DO NOTHING, SAY NOTHING.
You have no guts.  You are in charge.  Not since the days of Reagan have the Republicans had control of the House, Senate, and Presidency.  No one fights for the American people except Trump.  Your goal is to destroy this country with illegals who will vote in Democrats. Resign!
You need to talk to the people of the USA regarding SELF-ENRICHMENT from your position. This is CRIMINAL.
Sequestration is simply the stench of @BarackObama that won't go away,  you are supposedly the Senate Majority "Leader"! Act like it!
Bot
