You should be thinking about rebuilding your reputation. You and your party are goners. I hope you get everything you deserve McConnell.


Drain the swamp? lol, trump is the swamp.
trump’s entire presidency has been a threat to America’s national security since day one.
The list of people who have trump in a compromising position is growing daily. Doesn’t that make you worry?  It should...
You don’t care about what we want although you claim to represent us. #FundTheWall. Without Borders, we have no Country to rebuild. I know you’ve taken bribes and are bought and paid for but please, think about the future of USA. You’ve made enough money from special interests
Obama already did that. You guys bitched about it all the time as wasting tax payers http://money.now  you want to extend our debt even though you said he shouldn't. You are a bunch of hipacrits.dirty dealing for your own benefit is a low blow even for this administration.
You are a traitor to the Republican party and the American people! You fully funded Sanctuary cities but no money for the wall no money for additional ice agents or retention facilities! Why?
Correct, so tell the idiot he will not be getting funds for that freaking wall!
First should come a bill to protect our children being killed by assault weapons. Learn to protect Americans first. . . and how to PRIORITIZE legislation. @davidhogg111 @Emma4Change @RWPUSA @Top_Sergeant @DearAuntCrabby
You do know President Obama’s Stimulus Package was mostly about rebuilding America’s infrastructure, right? But wait. He was black. Never mind. #hypocrite #partybeforecountry #racistPOS
How long have you been in office? How long has your state had one of the highest poverty rates? How long has your state had filthy drinking water? I think your voters are going to figure out you are danger to them.
Why do you not support our president?
Wasn’t infrastructure week a year ago? I’m not surprised by your impotence; Obamacare is still up and running after all these years. Too bad you’re so old and feeble; you probably won’t be alive to see history remembering you as greedy, incapable, and detrimental to America.
You weren't sent to Washington to go spelunking. Stop CAVING!
It's time to get illegal aliens out of our country or at least deny them everything they are now getting that we are paying for! Build wall
Where the absolute hell will we find the money for that???? You can't cut taxes and then keep spending at the same time we are starting a trade war. The time to rebuild was during the downturn when more stimulus was needed back in 09 and you were on your 1 term President BS. FU
Infrastructure... maybe you & the other greedy assholes should've thought of that before adding 2 trillion dollars to the debt for tax cuts.
It is time to go nuclear, fix immigration and build the WALL! Deprive illegals from accessing our welfare system, stop catch & release, build detention centers, stop visa abuse, end chain migration and institute national E-Verify. Give us what we want or we'll kick RINOs OUT!
It’s time NOW old man??? LOL. You are a relic and joke with your fuhrer @realDonaldTrump ! 
Lets FIRST BUILD THE WALL
Stopping the filibuster ball is in your court. Do it! please?
B/C Bush wouldn’t sign, Dems waited for Obamas ‘09 near $1,000,000,000,000 Omnibus bill for infrastructure, fioptics, etc be signed. Dem states given billions for fioptics while a mere 1% of roads & 4% of bridges updated not replaced. Will this be any different? I say no.
You need to be removed. If we let Schumer and Pelosi craft this bill on their own it probably would have been more conservative than this bill.

All I can hope is your Chinese connections and selling out the US lead to your removal and prosecution.
And fund Planned Parenthood and Sanctuary Cities.....tell your constituents the truth - YOU CAVED! You are all show and no go....Obamacare repeal is another great example
And get you voted out
Will that infrastructure bill include funding for the Wall since your Democrat loving spending bill DIDN'T? Voters and border agents  WANT A WALL, not patches on a see through fence,  Not Planned Parenthood funding, Not Sanctuary City funding, Not Schumer Bridge A WALL get it?
Yes, and rebuild China's too. Why was 10m $ of tax payer money given to China for development projects? You are an incompetent doddering fool who thinks all of this money is yours to spend? I am seething at the thought that China, that steals intellectual property gets even 1$
you just spent 1.3 trillion and it only gets us to September. Infrastructure? No more spending Mitch! You blew it
This is the least conservative bill ever passed by Congress. You failed this country
NO ITS TIME TO BUILD THE WALL! GIVE OTHERS RAISES VETS, ETC.. WHY ARE YOU GETTING RAISES EVERY TIME! ALL WHO VOTED FOR ABORTION WILL ANSWER TO GOD! SELFISH/UNCARING UNAMERICAN CROOKS! WHAT GOES AROUND COMES AROUND! YOU DON'T DESERVE YOUR JOB! YOU'VE TAKEN CASH FROM DEMS I HEAR!
Sure Mitch, in your wildest dream!
Like to see your plan to rebuilt the infrastructure with $200 billions...
You must be high!!!
Is that upchuck Nancy I see behind you you trader
You are a sickening disappointment!
Tunnel NYC 118 yr old leaking rail tunnel #45 failure
You lost again!! Damn son!
Yaaay, Chuckie baby is getting a stupid tunnel from New Jersey to New York. WTG!! 
It’s time for you to crawl back under your rock.
You have the dems hating this because you are flushing $700B down the military toilet.  End the wars!
You have the reps hating it because of the crumbs that are going to social programs that help people.
Both sides hate the infrastructure privatization for various reasons.

Win?
Also funds sanctuary cities, does not fund the wall, and creates additional debt for the US.. You guys are spending taxpayer monies like you are all Democrats... hard working American taxpayers are not happy with any of you..
You sold us out!!  Seems that Rep Meadows is the ONLY ONE who seems to get it!  Trump and the rest of you just hung yourselves next election.. But you already knew that huh? All working for the same masters anyways..  You guys make me sick
You’re losing us on the Wall and ACA! Ken Fisher is right! The best thing that could happen to the GOP is for them to lose the house! Gridlock is good for capitalism!
You're a wolf in sheep's clothing. Fund the Wall and support your president!
You reduced taxes on the rich & now you are increasing the deficit. How is that good? You republicans are going to lose your grip. #TaxScam #Idiots
Why don’t you just give your job to Schumer and let @SpeakerRyan give his job to Pelosi .. you’re letting them write legislation anyway ..  we the people see you and your re election bid is approaching ..
It’s time to reign in our President. Mr. Senate Majority Leader, what does Russia have on the GOP that they refuse to reign in this rogue leader?
WE DON'T NEED OBAMACARE, SANCTUARY CITIES, GUN CONTROL, PLANNED PARENTHOOD! !!!
HELP OUR PRESIDENT BUILD THE WALL! ! !!!
Your fired! Know this, after 35 years as a registered R I will promise you I will happily fund all that oppose you. You are all that is wrong with DC politics.

It’s time Congress listened to the American voters. POTUS should veto the ridiculous OMNIBUS Bill, Congress fails again. Time for Term Limits.
Uhhhh, I think y'all forgot something.
NO FUNDING TO BUILD THE WALL!
#FUNDtheWall
#BUILDtheWall
#MAGA
#TRUMP2020
Defundplan parenthood and sanctuary cities and fully fund the wall.
Funds illegals too and a lot more of what the democrats want and not what @POTUS ran for. #VetoTheOmnibus
To much money wasted in this bill.
It's time for you to retire.  Past time.  Dreadful leader.  Sitting on bills for months.  Horrible leader.  Go home.
No! Too much fat! Not enough MEAT!
You gave lied and deceived the people, disgraceful.
Hahahaha lying hypetcrit
You funded sanctuary cities, gun control groups, basically any wet dream of the left. You're a disgrace to the GOP and to this country. This bill is almost treasonous. It massively adds to the debt jeopardizing future generations and national security. You're a liar. RESIGN!
At 1.3 trillion dollars are we building roads out of platinum or just gold??
Why don’t you try to pass a funding bill first old man.  Maybe even one that @realDonaldTrump might actually sign.
This is a  bill. I hope @realDonaldTrump #VetoTheOmnibus
It will be vetoed
Are you out of your mind? This Omnibus bill is crap any you freaking know it. Do you hate Americans? You know what we demand and you continue to ignore us. I'm ashamed you call yourself a Republican. You and Ryan are DemoRATS and should be named as such.
F-U
I can deal with potholes. What I can't deal with is tens of millions of illegals flowing into America and taking over our politics once chuck and Nancy take back control of government and grand amnesty for all.  Anyone with half a brain knows what's coming.
These "Charge and Spend" Republicans are totally out of control.
WHERE’S THE WALL??????
Tell that to your irrational unstable Republican President who is tweeting a threat to veto the spending bill you just passed.  When will enough be enough...do something before he starts a nuclear war.
Traitor!!! 
why taking on all this debt? why not use all those tax breaks to the rich to fund infrastructure improvements? no one is buying the shit you are shoveling ...
It’s time for you to resign as leader. You behave like a Democrat!
How are we paying for it after drastically cutting taxes on the super wealthy?
All the years you’ve been ripping U.S. off now you’re pretending to be the savior. You’re like that ship captain that ran his ship into the ground then abandoned ship before everyone else was off. Sad
You and Ryan are spineless. Learn to sell a conservative agenda to “yourself” first....then maybe you can lead others.
YOU LIAR!!! Hope you are happy that you will be Minority leader soon as the Dems take back House & Senate just like you want so @POTUS won’t be able to work for the American people!
It builds a tunnel for Schumer in NY.  Democrats sure now how to neuter Republicans.  Oh wait, you don't have an b*lls in the first place.
#ResignNOW you are a disgrace
Our economy grows when Government does LESS
What about the wall? Defund in Planned Parenthood, sanctuary cities, Obamacare? You caved Mitch...
And will kill the Border Wall! This bill is garbage! You should have to eat every page!
Hope @peterschweizer book #SecretEmpires is a BEST SELLER so MORE of #American people can see the self-enriching fraud you've been perpetrating over your "career". Unfortunately, you aren't the only one bankrupting our progeny. IN POWER #DNC or #RNC do NOTHING to #DrainTheSwamp
@realDonaldTrump #BuildTHEwall and fix #DACADreamers. Listen to the people. We don't want a damn tunnel in NY. How does that protect me and my family. I will vote out any @SenateGOP that voted for this bill.
So is that why you funded Fugitive Cities, Planned Parenthood and barely funded The Wall?
But it doesn't build the wall Mitch.         #BuildTheWall
#DOSOMETHING

The GOP is digging a very deep hole. Don't want a Dem majority again.
And the Tunnel for Chuckie! #RedWaveRising2018 will produce the LARGEST freshman class of CONSERVATIVE GOP Lawmakers! @realDonaldTrump DO NOT SIGN THE BILL!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SenateGOP
#Overspending and adding to the debt leads to #Recession.  Funding Sanctuary cities?! #PlannedParenthood ?!  Shame on you!!
Agree, but y’all need to clean out the hog slop in the budget. @RandPaul is correct on a bunch of things he is pointing out.
Liar
Time to show you the door! You think you monkeys can outsmart this Administration you need to HIGH TAIL IT OUT OF THERE now. Throw out @SenateMajLdr & #OmnibusBill. A GREAT AMERICAN CON in the AGE OF THE GREAT AMERICAN AWAKENING!
It’s a betrayal to the American people, especially republicans.
It’s time to rebuild & replace failing Senators & Congresspersons
all those poor baby s getting  their throats cut so they can't scream  thx to PP
Fail!   No Wall funding Planned Parent Hood. Funding Sanctury Cities Dems win big. @potus @realDonaldTrump loses Repubs will Congress because of mess there will never be Wall funding
Fck You... China Lover #EstablishmentBitch
All about #POTUS’ damned wall. 

#GOPhackMitch
No no NO this disaster of a bill.
#TrumpRussia 
#ProtectMueller 
#CONSPIRACY 
#MUELLER 
#GOP IS OFFICIALLY A DANGEROUS DOMESTIC THREAT TO AMERICAN DEMOCRACY AND CONSTITUTION! 
#RUSSIATRUMP 
#TREASON 
#COMPLICIT 
#BlueTsunami 
VOTE GOP N RETIRE HOMELESS AFTER WRKNG FULLTIME 40 + YRS LIVIN CK2CK N POVERTY!
I’m excited about this spending bill. In South Carolina, 25 dams failed during Hurricane Matthew. You are right. Improvements are long-overdue.
Why did you block Obama's infrastructure bill years ago?
Hatred, stupidity, self-serving?
Blocking the bill was a very complicated procedural move.  In case you didn’t notice, President Obama was African American and for an cuddly old bigot, that was just too much.
Hope you know what your doing. 
Hey, Admiral Akbar! You’re addicted to the game but can fortunately “rich” away from the effects.
It’s obvious Senator that you and Ryan don’t care how many illegals enter our country and put a burden on our tax system it’s a shame.
You Senator and Ryan are supporters of the DEEP STATE,you could have given our President the WALL but I guess you listened to Soros.
What’s the point when we are heading for a nuclear war?
GRATE JOB. GOOD YOU CHANGED THE RULES ON VOTING. SO NOW GET RID OF THE FILLIBUSTER ON OTHER LEGISTATION SO YOU CAN GET SOMTHING DONE
More debt, no leadership, #outoftouch #goldenbubble celebrity @POTUS
VOTE NO ON THIS SPENDING BILL.  If Republicans pass this bill, they will lose big in November 2018.
Hey Mitch, the WH is in total disarray. You may want to do something #Dowd #McMasters #StormyDaniels #TrumpRussiaCollusion #JaredKushner etc. etc. etc....
We'll believe it when WE SEE IT! 
ANOTHER #GOPScam
Imagining how much would have been done already IF you gave Obama the help you are looking for. 
.. BUT.. you vowed to make him a ONE-TERM PRESIDENT. 
Now your pitching everything you blocked like it's your ideas.

"You didn't build that, somebody else did! !"
If it’s s priority then give money to states in way of the tax when we fill up. We don’t need more borrowing.
What bill the budget you passed cut infrastructure spending.
Only nine years too later.

Well done.

Attaboy.
Haha you said rails!!!!! I doubt railroads will ever be effective, efficient. You ppl can't even balance a budget
Paul Ryan’s and Mitch McConnell’s budget makes it difficult for Republican voters to believe Republican politicians mean what the say when they campaign for Office.  

We hear what they say and we see what they do. 

They are just lip service Republicans. 

@GOP


But instead you’re having a 3 million dollar parade for the asshat in the White House
Will it also continue to fund planned parenthood and Obamacare? Will it pay for the wall?  Without these so no to the bill.
It’s time to build the wall like Trump promised. I hope he vetoes this lousy bill!
you have NO WAY to pay for it
Spend, spend, spend.

Why are you funding planned parenthood? We didn't vote for that to happen! What about the bill putting all vets on a gun watch list. You are showing how bought you are! What about your wife and the billions your getting from China. Vote no!
GOP must honor the promises they made and defund Planned Parenthood and eliminate waste. The deficit continues to grow.  Time to stand up and do your duty.
Trumps wall comes first
You are not doing what the American people want. Time for you to go! You are betraying the people who have you all 3 branches.
I have to ask.  Why did you spend 8 years while Obama was president trying to stop infrastructure spending?
#DitchMitch stop the spending cut entitlements bloated budget. Don’t try to spin it
Just don't try to steal from social security and Medicare to fund a wall or the give away to the 1%  #GOPTaxBillScam Scam
This spending bill is a piece of shit, and you should be ashamed!
The ecomomy just went in the bucket.  Don't you follow the news?  It's available on the internet if you don't get the paper
To rebuild we have to clean the mess that 45 is making.
#VetoTheOmnibus
You sound like those Dems.
It’s time for @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan to put country before party and start standing up to the lunatic @POTUS. He embarrasses this great country with every childish tweet, poorly thought out executive order, attack on Constitutional institutions, etc done daily.
#NoOmnibus #BuildTheWall #TheWholeWall #DefundPP #DefundSanctuaryCities #NOW #CampaignPromises
Republicans love their huge deficits
Funny how republicans cry about spending when they aren't in power but when they hold everything there is no issue cutting checks for everything.
And bankrupt America in the process. Irresponsible leadership... always behind closed doors and present at 11th Hour for uninformed voting. CORRUPT PROCESS! #VoteNo #OmnibusBill #VETO
#ShutDownGovt
We must cap government growth at 2% a year.
We would have done better with d trillion n halve giveaway
Get rid of the 60 vote rule and pass a bill we can be proud of
It’s time to rebuild the crumbling democracy????
It is even more urgent that we impeach a man who is only looking out for himself and his businesses but somehow escaped the safeguards that were built into our democracy. This whole era is going to be a stain on our history and you are a part of it.
Yeah that wall money would go along way for Infrastructure.
America will not let you sell off our highways and bridges to corporations.
Why don't you exercise leadership on this with the nuclear option and get off these continuing resolutions and actually put out an annual budget instead of compromising on DNC social programs!!
But, when #Obama proposes the exact same thing - he's an  overspending Kenyan Muslim Communist.  You and your lot are some sick folks for sure.  

#GOP #omnibus2018 #omnibus #conservative #racist #GOPSenate #Dems
I’m sure Chuck Schumer is pissing his pants laughing. He rolled you again. Totally pathetic
Called your office. Do not vote for this Omnibus!!!
Just imagining how wonderful our infrastructure etc could’ve been (without blowing up the deficit), had @GOP not given billions in tax breaks to the top 1%. 
#BlueTsunami2018
Yes! It’s time to rebuild America by voting out the crumbling Washington infrastructures call Mitch McConnell, Paul Ryan and the Trump administration that is fleecing America on a daily basis without any regards to rules of law. Register to vote it’s imperative.
Will fund Trumps cronies who pay to play for positions and contracts.
DO NOT CHANGE DEBATE RULES. You’ve already done enough damage. You own that taxReform and the deficit. Craven. Scurrilous. Get out. 

#GOPComplicit #RussiaElections2018 #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #GOPTaxScam #
Heck we heard that about 8 years ago.  That money dispatch apparatus to the states is the clincher
Yes, with newly expensive steel
and aluminum increasing the
deficit faster than ever before 
thanks to @realDonaldTrump's
 crazee #tariffs .
oops, we just have away the $$ to the rich donors. Nevermind, we will just run up the debt
Tell us about your wife’s ties to the Chinese.... which you have used to enrich yourself!  You are as crooked as Killery! America needs to rid themselves of the DemoCraps and RINO’s !!! You sir are a POS !
 
What about defunding of #SantuaryCities ? What about funding the #Borderwall # >1.6B why do Republicans cave on everything? @realDonaldTrump
Thanks for selling us out. We will try and do you the same favor next election. Maybe you could turn dem  you act like one

Deficit
The budget is a disgrace!  Republicans did not vote for pocket change for a border wall, and continued funding for Planned Parenthood, an Organization of death !  Republican leadership makes me sick they have zero balls to do what’s right! Eliminate the 60 vote rule, now!!
WRONG! Are you God? Do ur job-that is NOT by caving to the coastal LEFT Socialist agenda! DeFUND socialist programs,STOP 501 tax exempt status of leftist groups that don’t represent American values RE: rConstitution.Make a Budget STOP spending unless it’s 4r military only!
Part of that crumbling infrastructure is THE WALL.
