Rino's really like patting yourselves on the back for good
service.  I can speak for most Americans & we detest you
and  ALL of your LOUSY, useless service. A friend
appropriately stated that she doesn't know what Rinos do
except the fact that they all come OUT millionaires.
Remove the 60 vote rule, you won't get us to #MAGA @realDonaldTrump without that. We need that limitation lifted or we will lose in the fall.
Shame we arent saying farewell to you.  That omnibus bill was horrible.  You seem to be part of the swamp.
No one should be celebrating 4 decades of service in the US Senate. Appalling to think most of you have been sitting on your asses for decades. It was never meant to be a career & you all have done nothing.
I'm certainly NOT proud of you.  And like Barb says you've
sat on your ass doing NOTHING helpful.  In fact, you're a
hindrance.
REPUBLICAN
Why don't you go with him you rat bastard
Was hoping the sentence ended with "remarks". Soon though. All RINOs must go!
Please join him.
Aw damn, I was hoping you were leaving.
Darn I thought for a minute there you were leaving. Just a matter of time Mitch. Backing this idiot in chief will take you down Mitch. You’re going to pay with your seat.
Follow him out.
4 decades as a senator is not something to be proud of. Term limits!!!!!
WHY DONT YOU LEAVE WITH HIM!
Why don't YOU?
You need to #GO.  #ResignNOW
Can’t wait to hear the delivering remarks about you! Although, you have no honor. So there isn’t a single person who will care when you’re gone
Not only that, we can hardly wait for you to get the hell OUT!
You may both disappear into the sunset. 

#oldfellowMitch
Yes, indeed!!
Good riddance to the man that YOU and McCain ILLEGALLY helped screw McDaniel out of a Senate position! We don't forget!!!
Really looking forward to yours
Please join Thad, farewell, and please go home. We need a new Senate majority leader to protect American citizens from illegals alien criminals invading our country.
WE NEED TERM  LIMITS to 2 TERMS  ~~ in Congress and the Senate
I hope you a leaving as well.  Americans want you to be gone

Darn I thought you were leaving and got excited for a minute
Exactly what I thought.  Get Out, you useless pos!
too bad it's not a farewell for @realDonaldTrump ....soon though.
You, Dan, should go to Iran where you'll be much happier,
and so will we.
You’re leaving? Yay!!!!
Since the Presidential campaign the #GOP has tried  to oust Trump even though you all new he was the voters choice. Continuously trying to take him down. The GOP has not done anything to pass his agenda and people out here are so pissed off they are not showing up in Nov

Let's give farewell remarks for YOU, McConnell! Get the hell OUT!
Time you RETIRE too. You do not represent the Trump agenda. Out of touch Rhino.
Too bad your not delivering your own farewell remarks. You are a cowardly SOB afraid of the Democrats. A lowly swamp creature that just cost the house the majority after the mid terms. A 2000 plus page bill that no one has read is a tactic that you previously screamed about
Make your own farewell address too. We know you belong to China. Disgraceful.
The only farewell remarks anyone wants to hear from you are the ones you make when you retire. You're a traitor to the country
Dang, hoping you were stepping down.
Do us all a favor and make it a two for one deal and retire as well!
Give a Ferrell speech for yourself as well we want you out
Why did u and Ryan put this bill together and then fix it so that Trump had to sign it .same Obama did with his Obama care.this is not what we elected u all to do .start working for and with us or go home .all of u.
Wish farewell was for u..traitor
This needs to stop. You and your family is China fed.
You personally need to be giving yourself FAREWELL ,
hope it happens in November.
Yah that liberal is gone. Bring in a real Republican ! 
The actions of carelessly increasing national debit; causing world doubt of US diplomacy; a Congressional GOP not listening to the majority of Americans; and cowardess of GOP Congress not willing to remove an incompetent, dangerous President and his Administration appointments.
Yours to we hope.
You should join him, How much more money can you suck from the taxpayers
Just say farewell no  vacation
why don't you deliver a farewell speech to our democracy Mitch. You've been working so hard to destroy it.
What are you going to do about #Blackmailed Trump?
Term limits!! None of you guys should ever serve more than 8 years! Ever!!!
When Thad goes you should go with him
Four decades in Congress! Let’s start fixing the problems on government with term limits, government should not be a career!
Can't wait until we are telling you bye. Hell your own state doesn't really like you and I darn sure don't. Your a liberal republican which is the worst kinda liberal in my book
It would be best if you just left. You socialist hack.
You're next
Thank you and i'm waiting for you
Now that you've put.your name on one of the largest checks in human world history why don't you make a long overdue exit. This from a conservative Republican..something you obviously grossly misunderstand. You guys make NO sense, you cut taxes then spend more? Deficit-look it up
Sen. McConnell, now would be a great time to announce your own retirement. You've passed your $ Trillion giveaway "Tax Reform" to your rich donor class, given Wall Street Bankers freedom to again rob main street American, and cheated Obama out of his choice for SC Judge.
u need go.  U have  not stuck up for Trump not 1 time.  All the abuse.  All the bills setting in the Senate not pass.  We need a fighter  not jello.  And on top of that Mitch and Connie  enriched urself to a commie nation.  And we r stuck  with having to pay for years. Sell out
2 decades too long
A shame it isn’t you leaving, you Jimminy Cricket looking thing!
Was hoping it was you
Good Riddance he never done NOTHING  for Mississippi. He is leaving Washington a Millionaire.Meanwhile the State he has Represented for Decades is still in the same place it was when he took Office.He is a crook.We are AWAKE Mitch. #WeKnow
Can't wait until it's yours.
vote no on this trash bill. We need you to do the right thing. It's never too late. This isn't good for us and you know it.
Pro-Lynching, anti-inhuman treatment, pro-crazy people getting guns, RACIST!
GOOD RIDDANCE!
You should add Mc Masters name to your speech
Time for you to go too. You have no support from either party. You are the swamp
Who cares? He didn’t serve the people he served you and the uniparty!
Four decades! This is what is wrong with our govt.
You could follow him out the door?  That would be a great addition to your speech.  #ResignMcConnell
Go with him your not doing America any good!

Are you Next? VETO Omnibus Bill Mr. President, don't give in to Dem's. Defund Planned Parenthood Defund Sanctuary Cities, Build a BIG WALL, Keep Your Promises, Republicans back Our Great President!
Damn...I starting this tweet and got to "farewell" and so hot happy cause I thought you were #resigning
Damn I thought  for a minute McConnell was leaving ! Take a fkn hint...Ryan ditto..
Concentrate on what matters. Stock market melting down and your budget Bill and tax cuts are fueling inflation. Do you have any idea what in the hell you're doing?
Thad should give your farewell speech.
Thank Goodness he’s leaving , you need to leave too ! Your too old and decrepit! We need fresh blood in Congress.
What an abomination.  #TermLimits
So when will you be giving the Mueller farewell since you won’t protect him you complicit traitor!!!! Worthless at your job to USA and America’s. Totally there for corporations, Putin, Putin’s Puppet, Big Parma, insurance lobbyists andNRA!
U shall b leaving 2
Darn I thought it was your Fairwell
Can you retire in the same speech
How about your farewell remarks?? Much more interested in that.
Good Riddance to another Swamp creature! #DrainTheSwamp
How about delivering yours at same time
@GOP leadership needs to follow him out of the door.  You're all out of touch
Big deal . You caved on the spending bill , the wall and potus support . Insane what is happening in the us senate . Can’t even confirm ambassador to Germany .
Perhaps you can announce your resignation.
How about your farewell speech?
We don't care what you think or say
Seditionist Traitor to democracy A majority of failures. I can't describe my disgust for you
“We knew how valuable this would be from the outset,” Parscale told Bloomberg. “We own the future of the Republican Party.”
Soon, you should be transferring 500k $$$$$$$ in to my personal savings/checking account. For payment on 22 YEARS of ball busting HONORABLE AND FAITHFUL SERVICE! Like I said, I want my share of what you collected in BRIBES from hostile Nations. I'm not greedy like some people...!
@POTUS Sir?! CAN you help me out with this? I don't think it's quite fair that Mitch & his family get disgustingly ENRICHED by my DISTINGUISHED efforts on HIS behalf while not affording Me the courtesy of rewarding me and mine through my efforts? VA claim going on 10 years now...
Mitch turns to his wife in bed... gets a 25 million dollar kiss.

So where's mine?
Past time for you to go mitch. We gave you republicans all three branches and looks like the dems are still in charge. Members of congress should have term limits. Why vote repiblican?
Perhaps you could join him?
What a true servant of the Nation with calm intelligent focus
Join him

The Republican controlled Congress dropped a $1.3 trillion #omnibusbill consisting of over 2,300 pages last night. Less than 24 hours later, we are voting on it. THIS IS A STUPID WAY TO RUN GOVERNMENT.…
YOU are ruining this country! 
Stop being a RINO and letting the Dems obstruct everything. Drop the B.S cloture rule or GET out!
60 votes are not required by the constitution. 
#DitchMitch
You should resign traitor. And there’s a trade war coming thanks to that walking bowel movement in the White House.
Term limits can come soon enough....
I'd be happier if you would talk about term limits. 40 years is 30 years too long for any of you.
When will you GET OUT so we can hear your farewell remarks?
#DitchMitch
Vote NO on omnibus bill- its shameful

Dont accept the house budget it sucks
In the meantime, might as well say farewell to Trump.
Can't wait to hear your goodbye
You have a Putin problem in the White House -
Trump doesn’t bother to hide his submissiveness to Putin anymore https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/right-turn/wp/2018/03/21/trump-doesnt-bother-to-hide-his-submissiveness-to-putin-anymore/ …
Cant wait for the day when YOU give YOUR farewell remarks as you leave the Senate for good. On that day we will begin to rebuild this nation after all the harm you have wrought!
when is your going away party

I read "farewell remarks" and went from six to midnight.

Republicans want to make it way more difficult for people to vote — the cast of #TheWestWing needs your help to stop them 


@SenateMajLdr McPuppet, I was getting my hopes up that your sentence stopped at "Soon I will be submitting farewell remarks..." Much like John Dowd dead today.
Come on do us a SOLID and retire already. #ThursdayThoughts

Term Limits  WE the people are in the majority to demand that 2 terms be the limit so it is actual Service NOT a career. obviously you and others that have made it a career VS Service are against Term limits YET  USA is By the People & For the People & We r flexing our Muscle
No one should spend decades in US Congress-People should have term limits even you are passed shelf date-What you & your wife have done in Fed Govt office being paid with our tax dollars is unethical-dishonorable-dishonest. Building a huge wealthy multimillion $ empire with China
I just can't
You should seriously consider your own resignation, Senator.
Oh man, I saw “I will be delivering farewell remarks, and I jumped up, but then read the rest. Ugh
#StopTheOmniBust
This is why we need term limits for u career politicians. 4 decades is rediculous.
SOON, Hopefully America will be saying farewell to you and your cohort in crime @SpeakerRyan !
Where are your remarks regarding Cambridge Analytica or the Russian sanctions that haven’t been imposed? You’re complicit, traitor.
Thank FFFFFFFF!!!
Oh wait.. YOURE NOT LEAVING 
You are all toadies tanking our country
Dow skids 400 points on fears of China trade war in advance of Trump remarks http://dlvr.it/QM1PsT  
They don't care. They have the stench of Putin all over them.
Soon we will be delivering farewell remarks to you as well, Mitch.
I hope VERY SOON!
You spelled Cochrane wrong.  You're next. How much of this $52 MILLION from (RU passed thru) NRA for GOP races did you take?
Deliver farewell remarks as you announce your retirement.
#resign
Shoot. I read the first 6 words and got very excited.  

Don't tease us.
Too bad it’s not you leaving. You are a cheat and a fraud who is killing our democracy by allowing tRump to continue in office. Power hungry GOP are on their way out!
Too bad it not you leaving
I read the first line & was so excited when I  thought you were the one leaving. Too bad you're not.
Four decades????

Term Limits!!!!’
Thought it would be yours. Shucks.
We should be saying farewell to you and Paul Ryan you guys need to go you're from Deep State establishment it's time to resign Mitch it's time to resign Paul.
Are u leaving McConell that would be great go home.
Can't wait until you give your farewell speech. Can't come soon enough!
Soon, we will be delivering farewell remarks to you as you are led off in chains.
You do not know the meaning of the word honor or service. You are corrupt greedy evil man
You need to go also
was hoping it was YOUR farewell
Too bad it's not your farewell.
Sitting on pins and needles. Hurry.
Are you going to announce that this will also be your last term?
T E R M   L I M I T S - N O W !!! Office LIMITS TOO- NO GRANDFATHER CLAUSE! Thanks TO #Spineless RINOs - WE NOW HAVE A #TyrannicalGovernment! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #JamielShaw #KillThe2018OmnibusBill! No DACA, BUILD THE WALL, KILL OBAMACARE! No Planned Parenthood! @AshLeeStrong
You should deliver your own farewell remarks because you are corrupt taking millions from China...explain that.
@SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr are either liars, fools or chumps if they believe that this President’s assurances mean ANYTHING!  He is unhinged and desperate. He has no conscience and will not think twice about bringing down the Country for his own survival. THIS IS ON YOU NOW
When are you going to quit? Soon?
#ImpeachTheMoron instead
You should also be announcing your resignation after once again breaking your promises to the American people by funding Planned Parenthood and not funding the Wall!! The @GOP is weak and spineless, you have the majority and you continue to give Democtats everything they want!!
40 yrs on the tax payers' dime.
Those remarks should have needed to be given during the '14 lame duck.  McDaniel should've won that primary.  Cochran is a good man, but he served one term too many.
Damn I thought you was saying farewell & leaving
Omg! I just got giddy when I read that- I mistakenly thought you were announcing your own retirement!!!! What a let down...
No one should be allowed to stay in the Senate suckling at the tit of the taxpayer more than 2 terms.
Follow his lead and RESIGN.
We can’t wsit til someone delivers farewell remarks for you,
Time (past time actually) to bid farewell to your treasonous “president”. You standing by in silence exposes you as a complicit coward. #ImpeachmentNow #TraitorTrump
Would be better if they were YOUR farewell remarks!
would rather hear YOUR farewell remarks.
Mind delivering yours? Or Trumps? Come on, you know you wonna 
While you are at it, table this ridiculous spending bill
please tell me you did not buy into the murdering babies and trying to remove my 2A rights
I was hoping you were the one saying farewell. We are ready for you to go. Resign. Don’t seek re-election.
Whoever keeps voting for this fool must have guns to their
heads!!
#AMERICANS want to see you farewelled for #MAGA
I BET I WILL CREATE #TWITTER COALITION TO DETHRONE YOUR SENATE SEAT.

American technology is part of American strength. 

Invest in U.S. citizens - JOBS and training - instead of foreigners!…
