Historic?

Like Merrick Garland?
Funny you all had no problem obstruction obama
Merrick Garland
Are the president's nominees vetted and screened?  Are they able to pass basic security and background reviews?  Are financial conflicts disclosed?  Reports suggest no.
You held up a SCourt nominee for a year, Richard. Some Obama nominees were held up for 2 years. This tweet doesn’t play well.
Father:" Where did you get the idea that you could hold up a nominee until the next election? Where? Tell me!"

Son: "I learned it by watching you."
Proper vetting is not obstruction
Hey, remember when this Trump-connected mobster was freelancing our Ukraine policy? And you said nothing. #GOPComplicit #ComplicitGOP
To me this chart says historic amount of conflicted, incompetent, nepotistic nominees. #merrickgarland
Despite a historic failure by Trump to nominate vetted and qualified people, combined with the historic obstruction from Republicans under Obama and historic heights of hypocrisy and moral failings by Republicans the country has not yet fallen apart.
Your constituents don’t agree with @POTUS   Not his nominees, not anything that xenophobe wants done.
Obstructing Democrats learned from the best, Obstructing Republicans

#garlandanyone
Your job is to vet this group of incompetent nominees .
Just shut up Turtle  

Merrick Garland 
Russia 2016
Mueller 2018

Just shut the hell up!!
“Historic obstruction by Democrats”? Have you forgotten already the EIGHT YEARS of Republican obstruction of EVERYTHING during the Obama administration?
Seriously? You blocked Merrick Garland and refused to reveal to America the extent of Russian interference in our election because it was in your party’s favor.
The Republicans have the majority. Stop blaming the Dems. It’s misleading and divisive.
You have a Republican House and Republican Senate.  If you can't pass them, it's because there are Republicans who are holding it up.  Democrats are not the problem.
MERRICK GARLAND
NO MERRICK GARLAND!
Hello bot.
I’m not a bot
I was talking to the bot. The one who said no.
If Trump would nominate people who weren't the Dolores Umbridge of their field, you wouldn't have this problem.
Please  return Merrick Garland's calls/emails and tweets, and then please find some time to read Congressional Records for facts.  GEEZE is this constant lying helpful?
Republicans have never obstructed?  Is your memory so poor you don’t remember 8 years of Obama?
Trump has an unprecedented level of officials who have been forced to quit or were fired. Seems like taking some time might be prudent.
Et tu Shelby
Historic? Is it as bad as the @Obama years...or are you just feeling it now?
You are a traitor to the US. You are supposed to protect the Constitution.
When you don't properly vet nominations this is what you get. And when it's an historically inexperienced president what do you expect?
So it’s obstruction when Democrats properly vet? What is it when mitch McConnell blocks a Supreme Court Justice nomination?
Yeah don't go there Richard. Republicans will never live down the obstruction of President Obama's SCOTUS nominee. It was just too flagrantly political.
Put forth nominees that aren't fuckwits!
Sound advice!
Damn. MITCH must have put this in a memo at this morning's meeting: Obstructionist Dems from the biggest obstructionist in the GOP. You guys are hilarious.
maybe Senator Shelby doesn't know the GOP has the majority in Congress. He doesn't talk to anyone unless they pay him, so it's possible.
Garland.
Garland.
Garland.
Garland.
Garland.

You brought it upon yourselves. You invoked the nuclear option...and when the Dems retake the Senate, you can well bet they'll use it indiscriminately just as you did. The Senate is now useless and redundant and should be disbanded.
Merrick. Garland.
How many that you have confirmed have already quit, been fired, or are under ethics investigations? If the Administration refuses to vet it's nominees, the Senate should. The rubber-stamping of people like Pruitt needs to stop. #FederalFumbles
You mean like obstructing Obama's supreme Court nominee? You, like all political pundits, are talking out of both sides of your mouth. We see through it.

20 current & former military members allege multiple instances of disturbing misconduct by Dr. Ronny Jackson. 

You can believe them, or you can believe Jackson, who previously gave…
LOL..."Obstruction!" Cried the Obstructor-in-Chief...
You have no business representing anyone. What a complete disappointment you are. History will not be kind.
How the obstruction your own Senate leader commited, blocking a scotus appointment for 2yrs
Merrick Garland
You really typed “historic obstruction”? How many judges did Mitch block Obama nominated? #MerrickGarland
Yeah? Damn those Democrats that don’t want dishonest and morastically corrupt officials in office!
Merrick Garland.  Now THAT was historic obstruction.

White House has little idea what Scott Pruitt will say tomorrow on Hill. He's not returning calls. Many aides hope he fails. Really only Marc Short, a Koch operative turned WH official, is defending him now to Trump. Many see dismissal as matter of time. https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/scott-pruitt-heads-to-capitol-hill-as-white-house-probes-signal-his-shaky-status/2018/04/25/dc87aeec-4896-11e8-8b5a-3b1697adcc2a_story.html?utm_term=.900f5d0b722c …

Steve Mnuchin said he didn't visit Fort Knox because it was the perfect place to view the eclipse and wasn't interested in the eclipse so we FOIA'd the photos from his visit and they tell a very different story https://goo.gl/URB2dV  

“If you’re a lobbyist who never gave us money, I didn’t talk to you. If you’re a lobbyist who gave us money, I might talk to you.”

These are the words of Mick Mulvaney, a Trump appointee currently…
"Historic obstruction"?!?

Merrick Garland says "WHAT?"

Bullshit Senator Shelby.
As I replied to Mitch, stop the hypocrisy on nominations- the GOP blocked lots of Obama’s nominees for spite.  U guys would approve Charles Manson if Trump picked him.  Try doing what’s best 4 the country for once.
Please explain how a minority can obstruct a majority?
Quality > quantity , traitor
How do you even look in the mirror? Lord almighty!
Uhh, there were 36 cloture votes just on Obama judicial nominees in his first term alone. #AlternativeFacts Also, maybe Trump should stop nominating wife beaters and corrupt generals to key posts.
Merrick Garland
Polishing up your resume for private employ, sir?
Merrick Garland, you lily-livered hypocrites
Merrick Garland.
I'm old enough to remember the Pact to deny President Obama ANY policy "even if it's a good policy". Repubs that want Trumpism are DONE!  Sick of the allegations from you people AND Trump of the VERY process YOU have been guilty of for YEARS!! #BlueWave2018
Can you say Merrick Garland???
Your party stole a SCOTUS seat. Sit down.

Good lord man, can you guys go one day without spinning bullshit? Honestly, how do you sleep at night ....
I would hope so since your are the majority. Sounds like it’s Republicans that are holding them up.
If Trump could nominate decent people, I think that would help a lot with getting them confirmed. But no one will ever forget how much the Republicans obstructed Obama for 8 years. Don’t throw stones unless you haven’t sinned.
Why are you not holding the senate there 7 days a week to get these nominations through & why have you waited so long to make them stay. It is your job as senate leader & your failing our country & party. Keep the senate there 7 days week now.
My thoughts on this, nominate qualified people. Stop blaming democrats for everything when you jokers have the flippin majority.
NO MERRICK GARLAND!
The other side cries obstruction when they're not in power, a tired old song
PLEASE SPEED UP THIS PROCESS. IT IS UNFAIR TO STALL THESE APPOINTMENTS.
This says more about who is making the selection than anything.
So you haven't noticed the level of incompetence Trump brings to the Senate???  Americans deserve better, much, much better.  Any incompetent who gives Trump enough pats on the back wins a job.  Peal the scales from your eyes.
Why bother they don’t last!
@SenateMajLdr  I have not seen this much obstruction since the GOP obstruction of the @POTUS44 Administration. The only difference, our country was heading into another great depression in 2009.  GHA!
First thing that comes to mind when I hear obstruction is the GOP
It’s completely embarrassing that Senate has taken this long.

Cambridge Analytica whistleblower Christopher Wylie says Steve Bannon asked CA employees to test messaging for an American audience about Putin and Russian expansion in Eastern Europe.…
Historic?!?!?!? No not at all!!!!
Let’s get these nominees pushed through!  
Democrats have played enough games with the process
#MerrickGarland
It's almost as if the most unabashedly partisan POTUS in years they have trouble getting their unvetted, drenched in scandal, and controversial nominees agreed upon by the majority of the representatives of the citizenry.
We voters are sick & tired of the games!
Your memory is intentionally misleading.
"Historic." Fuck off.
Wow, Shifty Shelby, what has GOP been doing the last 8 years? Besides coming up with a viable Healthcare system?

It would help if Dotard nominated qualified people.

Sad
Republicans keep spitting out crap. Americans know it was you who obstructed for 8 years. So just STFU
Historic obstruction was 8 years of you and Yertle. We see you. Nice try to sell idiots. @SenateMajLdr
Only follow a page from your rule book.  8 years obstruction against OBAMA.
Go on Republicans, keep helping potus 45 fill "the swamp" with his selection of alligators! All you birds of a feather certainly flock together very well!
Your hypocrisy is both astounding and predictable.
More sub par judges that will find trump illegal businesses ok!   Fakes and frauds.  Stop all confirmations till courts finished!
You blocked Obama's Supreme Court nominee for a YEAR.

You're blocking bipartisan legislation that would protect the investigation into Russian meddling in our election.

YOU are the obstructionist, @SenateMajLdr.
Merrick Garland.
It's true Democrats haven't ever obstructed like this before. They were clearly paying attention when the republicans did it throughout the previous administration's term.
Loser
.@SenateGOP @SenRonJohnson Drinking on the job, over prescribing drugs, hostile work environment, driving while intoxicated. Perfect for Trump admin, disaster for VA.

Dr. Ronny Jackson reportedly wrecked a gift vehucle. https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/ronny-jackson-allegations_us_5ae0e5f8e4b04aa23f1ed19d … via @HuffPostPol
POTUS nominees are like revolving doors. Mostly because they're incompetent, crooks, or both.
Oh wahhhh...cry about it. You people obstructed for 8 years!!!!! Because you didn't like the color of the President. What's historic here is the lack of qualifications of the nominees and their 1860's mindset. Oh, and the historic level of corruption and grifting!
Think ur gonna have to revisit some earlier ones confirmed. Oh, and ‘The Party of No’ & ‘Let’s make him a one term President’ hardly gives u a moral high ground to talk of obstruction. You do after all control both House and Senate
#MerrickGarland #gop #hypocrites
But isn't it the case that confirming a nominee just requires a majority?   

The Republicans are the majority, so how r Democrats obstructing?  (and maybe they should for some of the nominees)
Either or not both you idiot
Well look at you, Shelby! Playing stooge for Senator Senile. Isn't voting what your job is supposed to be? You call it obstruction, your opponents call it accountability.
Dont get your shorts in a twist Richard, the GOP was the party of obstruction during the Obama yrs.  Cut the hypocrisy if you can.

LIER, Repuds control Congress and the WH, just how are DEMS obstructing you guys??
Says the man from the racist pedophile state.
Ronny Fucking Jackson!
The GOP has a majority in Congress. For nominee confirmation votes, only a majority is needed. It's not Democrats obstructing their appointments, it's Republicans.
#MerrickGarland ??
If it's swift, there isn't much obstruction.  Make up your mind Richard.
yes in another year or by 2020 we may have them all approved.
Ummm I think 7  years of obstruction and outright lies about the last president was waaaaay more historic. No more history rewrites. You are temporary victors, believe me. #2018.
You are the party of Obstruction @GOP you point to others for what you are guilty of!
Merrick Garland says hi
Merrick Garland says hi


I'm still waiting for any explanation of why so many in the Trump campaign were meeting Russians. Why? "It's not illegal" doesn't put me at ease as a plausible explanation. https://twitter.com/msnbc/status/990168776808255488 …

#FlashbackFriday to when McConnell delayed dozens of Obama judicial nominees, even holding the Supreme Court seat. Obama only filled 2 vacancies in circuit courts & 18 in district courts in his last 2 years, leaving Trump with 108 judicial vacancies.…
God help us

historic hypocrisy is more like it Mitch!!!
Bring the Judiciary Committee's S-2644 Bill to the floor for a full vote IMMEDIATELY.  #ProtectMueller
Historic Obstruction? Two words for you-------Merrick Garland.
Your lies are hurting the country.  Show some patriotism, man. Have some sense of morality.  Do the correct thing.
THAT'S because the Whitehouse is not properly vetting nominees so the dems and Republicans are having to do it when confirming them.IF trump would recommend qualified candidates instead of who flatters trump the most it would go a lot quicker!!!
The "historic obstruction" was 8 years the GOP during the Obama admin. Trumps nominees are GOP American destructionists! All bad for America
That’s hilarious considering the Repubs HISTORICALLY obstructed President Obama from day 1 and announced that they would.
ALL BAD PEOPLE. All swamp.
Not the drunk.
But, #POTUS couldn’t get his favorite child molester elected to the Senate. 

#orangeidiot
Pot meet Kettle. You have Alzheimer’s or dementia.
Garrick
Mitch Time to realize (D) will never allow you to be the Leader of the US Senate! Fact:  Schumer has gavel you are a FOOL @SenateGOP  Elections have consequences IF (D) don’t want to govern then you must get rid of arcane filibuster rules or Step Down so someone can be Leader
Trump’s picks are horrible!
Two words @GOP #MerrickGarland #RepublicanHypocrites

Nice graph.  Incorrect, but nice.  Here is another, and I'll actually cite my source.
More historic than stealing a Supreme Court nominee?
"Historic obstruction from Dems " ... that's rich, Shelby.
Keep it going. All ~145 openings filled this year would be a very satisfying year.
Not a damn thing being done swiftly! Get rid of the filibuster
..the historic obstruction happened under Republican’s when Obama was president. I like how you cherry pick your obstructionist info. I’d love to see the graph of total number of filibusters under Trump and under Obama.
Merrill Garland
Bill to protect Mueller is voted out of committee 14-7. But Mitch McConnell won't let it on the floor for a vote, gives no reason. 

This is absolutely criminal. 
#Criminal #GOPComplicit #CorruptGOP
http://wurdsfromtheburbs.blogspot.com/2018/04/more-on-income-inequality.html …
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merrick_Garland …
I guess the nominees put up by @realDonaldTrump are dramatically worse than all the other presidents!
Trump collaborator. There will be a reckoning.
If you truly want to make America Great Again you want to raise the bar not lower the bar. The GOP has turned into such partisans they don't do what is good for the country. It's all about politics. Sickening.
Put some pressure on these goobers in Alabama! DOJ needs to come in and clean house at the high sheriff's office #milliondollarsheriff
That’s dumb. Has someone been enhancing your water supply with brain damaging additives?
Fill in the blanks:  Here’s the thing: NAME:         should’ve never  been nominated. He/She was completely unqualified to lead the AGENCY:            .
Hypocrite.
"Historic obstruction" is a bit of hyperbole compared to what you and your boys club did for 8 years under Obama.  Go eat some more lead paint cbips
MERRICK Garland
Annnnnnnd, for some reason they keep getting fired for a myriad of reasons....and there’s a list of Administration heads that are going to be fired soon or eventually and MAYBE U SHOULD BE VETTING THESE PEOPLE BEFORE THE GD VOTE.Dems are the ONLY CHECKS AND BALANCE LEFT
Drunks, bigots, torturers and incompetents need some serious vetting.  Try nominating a decent human being for a change.
Democrats are patriots. There is a traitor in the WH. He will face charges of high treason I believe. You are on the wrong side of history.
Why don’t you take a look at the unbearable poverty in your home state & start voting to help your constituents instead of putting your nose up 45’s rear! #VOTETHEMOUT #selfservingsenator
Mr. Shelby, The Nommies @POTUS   Chose know nothing of the JOBS, they were appoint for! @EPAScottPruitt  @BetsyDeVosED  and HUD Admin Carson and Ronny Jackson are such unqualified people
At this level of obstruction, it ceases to be about politics or principle or integrity and is all about palpable loathing and hate for a single man.
I thing when Alabama elected @SenDougJones it sent a message they don't like the dear leader. Listen to your constituents every once in a while.
merrick garland.

you slimy fuck.
Historic unqualified nominations by this administration 

See also Merrick Garland...
And the Republicans never obstructed? McConnell obstructedObama's choice for Supreme Court judge, never even brought it to the floor so just quit crying, you and Lankford should not even in the Senate, if all you can do is cast blame.
