Which among them is well-qualified? Once upon a time, three bears and porridge, ANY are well-qualified for their nominated positions
If Trump stops firing them, he won’t have to keep rehiring and confirming.... How about we get some decent humans that are QUALIFIED for these positions in the government?? I cannot believe you are still firing and hiring people for these positions this far in to the presidency.
Dysfunctional @GOP congress horrible can't pass anything.
One of his nominees won't endorse desegregation.

Your name will be as respected as Benedict Arnold's in our countrys history.
Surely Wendy Vitter’s refusal to comment on landmark Brown v Board of Ed means she’s either uninformed or racist. Either of those two scenarios make her unqualified.
Thanks for taking your time Mich
Time will tell. 
When are you going to pass the Senate version of Conceal Carry Reciprocity? 
#2A.
You had better change too 8 hour conformation hearings. Get this Presidents people confirmed and end the Mueller witch hunt. You can never be reelected in 2020. People are wise to you now for all your blocking of this Presidents bills & funding for wall that everyone wants now.
Didn’t you just approve a boatload of “well qualified nominees”last year? Is this now a rite of spring?
How come most of his well qualified team have quit or been fired? Allow legislation to protect Mueller! #TheResistance
HURRY UP snails move faster uphill on ice than Senate does, END “call from your office filibuster” filibuster is speech on Senate floor YOU make it too easy, convenient for DEMS to not allow votes on passed House bills TIME TO BRING VOTES, Americans want DEMS votes on the record!
Allow a vote to protect Mueller and the rule of law in this country or admit that you're fully complicit and a traitor to the Constitution and integrity of the United States. One or the other, you can't have both. Have some balls, for God's sake!
Mueller is just chasing his tail.   Nothing there.
"Well Qualified"  so in other words you are going on vacation.

Hoping that one of the senators questioning Pompeo tomorrow will ask about Michael Flynn. Did Pompeo know Flynn was a security risk in January/February 2017? If so, did he continue sharing classified info with Flynn?
Well qualified,  We have seen what has been coming through this administration and it is sure not any where near qualified.
Republicans resigning and not seeking re-election. They all know DON THE CON MAN IS QUILTY and no longer want to be affiliated with him.  Vote the rest out in November 2018.
Well qualified scoundrels. All of them. Shame on you.
The Senate is checking with the IRS too make sure all nominees are filthy rich. He doesn't care about anything else.
Get behind Trump or retire. No more RINO or Deep State.
Waiting for you and all republicans to stand up and put an end to the corrupt investigation that is interfering with What We the people voted for! #WitchHunt
Last thing we need is another Democratic nominee in any of the court systems! Don't take the chance. Trump tried to put Demo in his Offices but they are Anti-Trump!  Don't do it again! It doesn't work! Be Safe and Use only True Republicans in any of our Offices! More Good Rep's!
Trump is aloser. Lowest approval rating ever.
DO IT, TOAD!!
You should probably get going on passing a bill to protect the special counsel.  As the prez is becoming more unhinged daily.  Lets see troops to Syria, missiles at Russia all by twitter. But go ahead and keep talking about anything else.  We do not want a war senator
Gee. Thanks.
Hypetcrit
Mitch the old corrupt politician needs to resign.  His cancer has metastasized throughout his party and our nation.
Mitch = Corruption at its highest!
You should have fought this hard months ago!  What a shame the Senate has become.
Oooh I do love it when the MAGA circle jerk gets all riled up by one of my posts. Y’all having fun?
Trump has well qualified nominees?  Who knew?  Not me!
"...and pass Concealed Carry Reciprocity."

Alright, I only dreamed that part but, still, DO EET! Please and thank you.
Amen. Although I have my license, Missouri no longer requires it. Now it needs to go Nationwide.
Trump's nominees are not qualified. They are chosen for being Repub extremists!
SO MUCH #GOPCORRUPTION! #REPUBSAREORGANIZEDCRIME
Almost half way into his term you say this. You have been supporting the usurpation of our presidents presidential powers by allowing this coup to continue. Now the globalist like yourself will take USA into wwiii w Russia. & your wife's china will be so happy. You suck btw
You suck
Our Government is broken. Caused by childish acts of congress members to usurp the will of US citizens who legally voted in a President.
It is about time you people worked for a tiny fraction of what pay and perks you get
McConnell:  all talk, little action.  If u r serious about confirming Trump's nominees, don't allow any days off until all are confirmed!  If Schumer demands 30 hours before a vote on each candidate then force them to work 18+ hour days.  If do both, his games will end quickly!
Actions speak's louder than words. We will be watching.
Terrible! Nearly 1.5years and this is not done?! #failure #mitchresign #obstructionists #rino
You will never be forgiven for your refusal to allow hearings on Mr. Garland and deserve to be remembered as the most blatantly partisan Majority Leader ever. You have politicized the Senate processes in a way that may never be repaired.
#ProtectMueller
You won't escape this shit storm, Mr. McConnell

The Law Is Coming, Mr. Trump
Get it done , Mitch, for God’s sake.  Wake up ,  help the President.
Why are you blocking legislation to protect the special counsel Mueller. History will not be kind to you if you help subvert our democracy.
How many? When?

We expect all approved quickly.  

We trust you will ensure the Senate will be working nights and weekends until they are all approved.
@SenateMajLdr is a disgrace to the United States and should be Replaced !!!
You need to lead or resign McConnell! It's pathetic you are allowing this to happen! Time for Republican Congress to help fulfill Trumps promises!
TRAITOR TO THE USA
McConnell refuses to allow vote on bill to protect Mueller http://hill.cm/seBdIhz  

.Its taken you long enough! Support our president cause we are sick of you not standing with @realDonaldTrump #DrainTheDeepStateSwamp #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
SHOULD HAVE DONE THAT OVER A YEAR AGO!  

Republicicans listen up.  You either support President Trump & his agenda or come mid-terms we'll send you packing!!  

How come you didn't pull this 
 with Obama?

PROTECT MUELLER!!
So choosing to collude with the enemy of the country DT who has earned that title through association but not to protect a patriot doing his duty to county. Really?
Well-qualified?  Qualified for what, demolition of the Republic?
So he can fire them 2 months later & make you do it all over again?
He will probably fire most of them.  That is what he is good at.
Stop what you’re doing and make a statement in support of Mueller and Rosenstein. You KNOW that Trump is trying to obstruct justice
Such crap.
Team of criminals, ahhh no
 “well qualified”?! One of the funniest things I’ve heard all day!
Oh, yes, so many well-qualified nominees. Qualified to lie, collude, extort, divide, revile and discriminate. #RESIST
Get yourself a spine and protect Mueller and our democracy  and allow a vote to protect him. History will remember what you did. Be a patriot! Be the check on the administration like you’re supposed to be..otherwise we elect Dems in Nov and you lose your job!
You're on the wrong side of history, McConnell, and you won't be remembered kindly. Protect Mueller.


about time.  Maybe work  5 days a week.
You are kidding, right?
Traitor
Why don't you obstruct like you did President @BarackObama. Maybe you should wait 8 months or so. Maybe President Pence will have other ideas.
Listening to press briefing-ONLY 6 a week...How about the 100 that just need an up or down vote ALREADY WAITING on the senate floor!   This needs to be a PRIORITY for our President to work more efficiently and effectively.  No Excuses!
Save the republican party and get a vote to stop trump before he destroys the party forever!
Is this an SNL sketch???
Protect Mueller. Do your job mitch
You lying POS you wouldn’t know what work was if it hit you in the face: retire: you can’t support the President we don’t need you: it’s outrageous that there are this many Obama holdovers still in place!!!
The modern version of the Saturday Night Massacre is coming, and you're worried about Trump's nominees? God save this country--from you.
You p.o.s. when are you and your other corrupt partner Ryan going to speak out against Mueller and  the corrupt DOJ instead of kissing their asses. Our president is being set up and you all seem to be part of this. After all Hillary has done and you doing nothing says it all.
YOU ARE COMPLICIT IN THE DESTRUCTION IF IUR DEMOCRACY.  WHY WOULD YOU CARE, YOU’LL BE DEAD SOON ENOUGH!!
Not ONE person is QUALIFIED in the ADMINISTRATION. So what are you continuing? Gathering the SWAMP? I’m not yelling I’m just thinking you can better read the CAPS considering your age
Trump has no qualified nominees.
Trump is not competent for the job.
WHAT???? Are you not watching legitimate news networks? #tRUMP is DUNZO! #PackYourBagsItsOvah. #ImpeachTrump
Get to work, shithead.
Do your job and sign the bill
Nice try mitch. He has not nominated anyone, who is qualified for anything!
S-1741 #SpecialCounselIntegrityAct  #WeThePeople are watching and we will remember your inaction to stop #TrumpCorruptionandCollusion
Barf 
As you suck up, the country goes down in flames. Can you say constitutional crisis??! Is this guy really your idol-- you do realize what your legacy in history will be??? Not good!!

There is no indication that Trump will fire Mueller except:

1. That time he ordered the White House counsel to fire Mueller…
Maybe if @realDonaldTrump could manage to keep a staff, and not pick swamp dwellers, the process would go more smoothly?
And as you have shown......
That is a lie!
We The People know that you will absolutely confirm entirely unsuitable, unqualified and idiotic people ........

BETSY. DEVOS. !!!!!!!!!!! So go ahead and lie Sir!   We will do our damnedest to End Your R Majority.  Deserved!!!

If for some reason a random constitutional crisis occurs. Tag. You’re it.
Scrape the years of moss off your back and get out!!! You’re an old tool in a crumbling shed!!! #Turtle
What are you going to do when your @POTUS is impeached?
Senator Mitch. Are you protecting Mueller? Because he has something on you ?We Americans want Mueller and Rosenstein to be fired because they are dirty agents like all FBI and DOJ and Deep State and DemocRATS plus Obama and Hillary and Soros..You all in DC are not honest people
No protection for Mueller though?
stuck on blame until the day you retire. What does that resolve? But you care about the people. #farce
you are incredible.. all of this drama must be just fine with you.... have you even been coming to work?
You are failing America, to collect money from the Kochs and Mercers.
I'm not a legal scholar, but I think that borders on treason.
Your boy tRUmp seems like he's dancing the line, poorly like an old fat man, on sedition.
This will be fun!
#ProtectMueller
And then we’ll get rid of them all when trump is in prison.
#merrickgarland
About time. Do your job or go

It's about time. You should be ashamed of yourselves for not backing President Trump. the American people will NEVER forget this.
If Trump wants his nominees confirmed in a timely manner, he should appoint qualified nominees.
there has not been ONE qualified nominee from @realDonaldTrump they are all incompetent or completely break the law and take advantage of their position so stop with your lies
about frikin time you jerk!
#TermLimits
When are you and the rest of the GOP GET HIM OUT??
it’s time, it’s OVERDUE time to impeach the orange  whacko ..... GOP is ending, your time is up . November elections are coming and it WILL be a new beginning..
Well qualified? are you paying attention to this administration & all the corruption #donaldtrump#scottpruitt#ryanzinke#bencarson#stevemunichin
how about pritection from Mueller.
What are you not helping potus with Mueller and his so called pit bull??only in Washington libreal worklld are people ualifird after screwing up as bad as they have on previous cases
How much incriminating info does Trump have on you, Mitch?



What are you smoking?! He shouldn’t be nominating anyone for anything! Pay attention old man!! #ProtectMueller
About time!!
Thx Senator
Which “well qualified” nominees? The ones like Pruitt or DeVos who are intent on destroying the very departments they lead? Or Carson or Perry who had barely any knowledge at all of the departments they now head? #whileRomeburns #buryyourheadinthesand #complicit
#TRAITORS belong in prison.
Omg! You are complicit. Get rid of trump, NOW
Well qualified to you means they should be as or more corrupt as you, tRump and Pence are. You know you all work to put people who hate America in place to support your evil, hate and racism.  We need Americans not people like you who worship Putin.
#ProtectMuellerNOW
You can’t fill nominees as fast as he is firing them...   @POTUS
You still have a job?  Wtf
You are both out of your minds.
RINO ... TIME TO RESIGN .. PRESIDENT TRUMP WILL GO DOWN IN HISTORY AS THE GREATEST MODERN PRESIDENT WITH OR WITHOUT YOUR HELP

How about putting Country before Party?? Shame on you for being silent.
You think it's about time???? He has only been PRESIDENT 15 months.
when 7 years from now?
Why don’t you work on protecting Mueller? As far as I’m concerned Mitch you are the scum of our democracy today you have put a blackeye on the Republican Party and you should be ashamed of yourself the president needs to be impeached get some balls and stand up for what’s right!
Impeached for what? Cause he hurt your feelings by winning an election....sad.
Yeah I am an asshole and you are a cunt. Your mom probably should have impeached you in the 1st trimester.
Wow! You sound like a highly educated little girl my friend! Should get some help with your anger issues maybe stop drinking?
Oh now you want to help Trump. MITCH who team are you really on?
Don’t let @SenateMajLdr lie to you, there are no “Well Qualified Nominees” to confirm. McConnell sold his integrity a long time ago.
Save #BobMueller he's a Patriot and a member of the GOP! Sign the bill to protect Mueller or face an angry GOP!
Get off your duff and take a stand on firing Mueller get the bill going
None of them have been qualified yet.  Just another bunch of corrupt leaches
Time to rid us of the filibuster Mitch. Let’s get something done. Our party will be rewarded with leadership for decades.
Are you paying attention?! The GOP has proven to a bunch of gutless weasels and shameless whores. Trump isn't qualified and his appointees are in the same league. He'll NEVER have a full team, because he uses them up in a couple of months.
You are complicent.
I’d love to have some of whatever you are on.
Ya think it's about time
Come on McConnell, it is really quite past the time to drain the swamp!
About Damn time
@potus is a complete mess with scandals up to his eyeballs and all you want is to fill seats? Where are your priorities to your country?
Way overdue
Does your office not get the news?
When are YOU going to join POTUS’s team, Leader? With friends like you...Why aren’t you demanding Mueller end this fishing expedition? Why are you letting Schumer abuse the President in his remarks today? Where are your balls, leader? Stand up, be a man, defend our POTUS, dammit!
When are GOP going to show leadership in Mueller witch hunt investigation. Rod Rosenstein wrote memos for Comey to be fired, thereafter appointed Mueller as special counsel after Comey leaks. Rosenstein must be impeached.
You will end up on the wrong side of history!  You are a disgrace!
Are you insane??  You don't see Trump trying to fire Mueller??  You and your buddy Paul Ryan are COMPLICIT!  #complicitGOP #corruptGOP #Mcconnelliscorrupt
This should have been done already! You are a disgrace to the Republican Party! Schumer eats your lunch everyday.
You’re going to jail, Mitch. With every passing day, your complicity in covering up @realDonaldTrump’s crimes becomes clearer to the American people. Let him fire Mueller before his investigation is over & you will find out how badly you’ve underestimated the public’s patriotism.
Why are you afraid of Trump? What does he have on you McConnell? Stop the BS and pass a bill to protect Muellar.    
Quit hiding and stand up for your Country and your Constitution. Kick Ryan in the ass while your at it. We the People will remember.
You are an ignorant, perfidious bigot that has sold your soul to fossil fuels and special interest groups to the detriment of our democracy.  Trump's nominees are not qualified in any aspect of the word.  I am so ashamed of you and the #Senate #Potus & #GOP.  #ResistTrump
He's been president over a year. Get off your asses and get it done.
Will you support @realDonaldTrump if he fires Sessions or Rosenstein? Will you support treason?
Will you finish in 4 years?  Get your act together or resign.
Why don't you show some moral courage for once in your undignified career and protect Mueller?
Because Democrats are so crooked it is terrible there so far to the left it’s on real they don’t want to help this president do nothing they just want to stand in his way and that’s not the way to do it we need to get them Democrats out of there

15 months in and there are still far too many still waiting.
We need to build the wall quick and enforce our boarder laws. Its simply not fair to Americans who were in America for centuries when our taxes pay to feed illegal people. Please build the wall quickly.
Its only a year and a half....whats the rush?
Get to work keep the senate in session until every single nominee is confirmed. Work weekends 24/7
Little too late.. better start the process to get his ass out of office.
"Well qualified".  Ha
QUALIFIED - look up the definition for the word And Stick To It!
More power to yuh! Get the job done.
And while you're at it, get'da phoney litigators off #POTUS 's back.
Send them to purge the #DeepState
You will be remembered, Mitch, and history will not be kind. Staying with Trump will be the downfall of your entire party.
Whoa!  Slow down there, Speedy Gonzalez.
