Consumer confidence at a 14 year . Jobless claims, a 45 year . 

#TaxReform is working for the American people and the American #economy.
Your tax scam for the wealthy does NOTHING for the working people! Absolutely nothing!
Yes it does.  I'm a person, I work, and I'm getting a $39,000 tax cut.  I also got additional bonuses that totaled over $150,000 and an average increase in dividend payout by 14%.
Follow the money: you are hurting the working class and benefiting the rich: Robin Hood in the REVERSE!
Sounds fair considering Obama benefited the losers of the country and hurt me.  Now it's my turn to take my money back.  Karma.
You mean you rolled this back for you and your rich friends, the 1%.
If you're jealous then stop being a victim, take personal responsibility for your life, and work harder so you can join me in the 1%.
The economy was GROWING , no wet blanket, before the tax cuts. They are not popular, everyday ppl do not benefit, etc.  It ruins America's ability to help ALL Americans (working, elderly, young, poor, middle-class, etc.) & lower the deficit in the future. NOT A SUCCESS!
Bitch McConnell can preach b.s. all he wants. These roll backs will severely damage the environment so billionaires and corporations can make higher profits. Taxscam is only for the top 1 percent and has added significantly to the deficit.
Sad you don’t like your children and grandchildren. 

After the GOP tax cuts, corporations have spent **37 times** more on stock buybacks than worker bonuses or raises. 
https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/2018/04/13/how-companies-spend-tax-windfall/505122002/ …
Buybacks are a good thing.  I've made over $356,000 from buybacks since the tax bill was signed.
They also add value to the stock which is good for workers because many workers like myself get stock bonuses.
D only people u can fool is trump supporters, ur tax cut just created 13 trillion dollars in 10 urs d biggest deficit ever n now u planning 2 come after entitlement instead of taking back from d billionaire
by workers do you mean stock holders?
Yes.  Many workers like myself are stockholders.  We get stock bonuses as part of our total compensation.
Less corporate taxes meant higher take home pay for the Executives already earning millions! How will you pay off your government debt?
Why do you say that like us executives don't matter?  We deserve higher take home pay because we work harder than everyone else, that's how we became executives.
Why does everything have to be about the middle class?  I'm so sick of hearing about the the middle class.  Obama raped us upper class people and no one cared.
If you have a problem with what's happening to the middle class, then stop being a victim, take personal responsibility for your life, and work harder so you can join me in the upper class.
Why is it @GOP are always pro big business and the wealthy and never for the lower and middle class? Wrong side of history.  #ResignNow
Why do you say that like us wealthy people don't matter?  Someone has to stand up for us wealthy people because democrats like you have declared war on us wealthy people.  Obama raised my taxes by over $134,000.  That's unacceptable and ridiculous.
tax reform means permanent tax cuts for the rich and decreased estate taxes
And who pays
Our children and grandchildren
Us rich people deserve it.  Obama raised my taxes by over $134,000.  This bill cuts them by $39,000.  It's a step in the right direction but we still need to bring the capital gains tax rate back down to 15%.

1. The internet did not exist in the 60s
2. It's my money that I earned I should get to keep more of it.  No1 should have to give the majority of their money away.If ur jealous then stop being a victim,take personal responsibility for your life&work harder so u can b rich like me
I shouldn't be punished for not failing.
Getting rid of the Chaplain was a terrifying touch. What was he guilty of? Did he pray for the poor, the sick, the handicapped, the elderly who will die because of your #taxreform #taxcreditscam? @Pontifex Pray for our ousted Chaplain and the people he was fired for praying for

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNxEDomUlXw …

Obama's Russia Ties!
keep telling LIES, Americans have wised up, they know the @GOP acts only to protect the rich
Someone has to protect us rich people since the Democrats have declared war on us and raised my taxes by over $134,000.  Why do you say that like us rich people don't matter?
We have books and historical archives, every time @GOP has done this the economic consequences have been dire. Gas prices are already increasing. Go sit down.
Nice try on Gas prices but that is driven by geopolitical reasons and OPEC.  The less we depend on foreign oil the less we would feel their wrath.
You and your cronies have created the largest deficit in history, something you all berated Obama for. What caused the huge recession during Bush? Oh yeah, removing regulations.  "Tax Reform" was tax CUTS for the super wealthy and did little to help the little guy.
Why does everything have to be about the little guy?  I'm so sick of hearing about the little guy.  Us big people matter too.  Maybe the little guy should stop being a victim, take personal responsibility for your life, and work harder so he can stop being little.
#ICallBS
You crafted tax cuts for the wealthiest 1% if Americans. You cut corporate taxes when the economy is already at all time highs. So stop LYING. Tax cuts were a gift to donors. Nothing more. My pay isn't higher. I got NOTHING. Now you'll cut social security. #CorruptGOP
Us 1%ers deserve a tax cut.  Obama raised my taxes by over $134,000.  If you're jealous then stop being a victim, take personal responsibility for your life, and work harder so you can join me in the 1%.
Leader?   Or old weak man?
Your rollback of federal rules has endangered our air, water & soil from pesticides, fossil fuels, mine & farm runoffs. Rollback of safety regulations in industry increases employee injuries & decreases ability to seek restitution. U stiff workers to give wealthy tax breaks.
Us wealthy people are workers.  How do you think we got wealthy?  We work!
No you're just putting hard-working Americans at risk
I'm a hardworking American and I don't believe my $39,000 tax cut is putting me at risk.
Where is Tax Reform working for workers if only CEOs, CFOs and the Board get BILLIONS for  single bonus. You have forgotten the first $800 billion George Bush gave to the banks in 2007 that every single board members of Goldman Sachs got billlions in bonuses without restrictions
1. CEOs and CFOs are workers.  What do you think they do all day long?  They work.
2.  I'm not a CEO and I got additional bonuses that totaled over $150,000, an average increase in dividend payout by 14%, and a $39,000 tax cut.
It’s called TAX CUTS for the wealthy, Mitch, not tax reform. Also get a grip on Bevin! #VoteThemOut
If you're jealous then stop being a victim, take personal responsibility for your life, and work harder so you can be wealthy like me.

you are so full of it! you stripped EPA of any teeth. All those poor kids full of cancer in Flint. yep. you roll buddy. how do you sleep at night? I think you should drink the water there.

YOU & LYING TRUMP HAVE STARTED THE NEXT RECESSION. GOOD JOB YOU SCREWED THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AGAIN!
Name one which you can link to real growth (not increased profits because corporations eliminated consumer or worker protections).  Just one.
#GOPTaxScam is a DUD!
Does this include allowing toxins back into our air, water + crops pesticides + emissions banned even before  Obama who you hated so much took action? The EPA is being raped by a thief + you are doing nothing?  When your grand kids learn about this  I hope they hate for it
trumps first EO made first time home buying more expensive
You want to sell public lands to foreign investors
#BlueWave

STOP. Just stop it. You are as bad as he is but you hide behind his tweet skirt.  Deplorable wasn’t strong enough. You’re a malignant growth on people’s quality of life. Your career depends on the ignornance of your state’s voters. Big achievement.
You threw the citizens under the bus as to support a man who married Communists and is under the control of a foreign power which once vowed to "bury" us.

You will burn in Hell, Mitch.
Naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah.

#Fairtaxact
Please confirm the presidents nominations work weekends if you have to get it done for the sake of America !!!! @realDonaldTrump needs your support

You’re the worst member of the senate that has ever lived. What you did to Obama’s pick for scotus will not be forgotten. You’re going to be held accountable.
Tax cuts are not tax reform.  And you are not good at your job. Will be glad when you're repealed and replaced.
Your silence concerning Trump and his idiotic txting is deafening

The Deep state will never let up. The @GOP hate him as well. How dare this non politician come into their territory & take an ax to the slimy corrupt Federal Government & refuse to 'speak' their language & follow their rules. Hating HIM is hating US. They will regret..@POTUS
Under your watch:
Parental warning; This song contains bad language. Sorry, but I couldn't find any less vulgar words to describe Mitch McConnell.
Asshole

Zxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxzzx
What has thrown a wet blanket on future economy is the enormous debt from the deficit you created to reward your wealthy donors.  Trump boasted about it at Mar-a-logo, where he goes weekly on taxpayers dime.  Speaking of shameful, more on your wife's boss, trump:
U have rolled back many protections that Americans wanted. U never considered what we wanted just  what Trump, Mr. Evil wanted. SHAME on U

I call BS. You did this to help your rich donors. Kochs all around please.
Yeah. clean air, clean water. safe food, safe work environments, etc. are such a wet blanket on pyschopathic Reptilians that can only eat, drink, breathe & think personal $$$$. Celebrate destroying the earth on Earthday
McConnell will be impeached and tried for crimes against humanity and the nation. Watch and see. The people will demand it when the government is balanced
You're a criminal...and worse, you're a stupid one!

Mitch McConnell refuses to hold a vote on a bill to protect Robert Mueller from being fired by Trump. So we are going to put up these billboards outside of every one of offices in Kentucky demanding he hold a vote. Please share! Thx! #ProtectMueller #AMJoy …
Mitch,FACTS don’t like to stay hidden.
Found more facts for you Mitch.

You passed a tax cut not tax reform. Be honest! Moreover, it benefitted your rich donors, not the public. It also increased the deficit immensely during good economic times. This is anti-Keynesian.
The economy was thriving already, especially for wealthy 1%.

Turkey neck.   You look like a turtle
https://www.facebook.com/goneleftliberal/videos/1914653222166916/ …
You're lying again McConnell, you gave Foreign Corporations the rights to drill & mine American's resources while destroying environment and food chain. Lowering drinking standards. You're a Traitor along with Trump.
Bullshit,  you've rolled back regulations that prevented pollution & contamination of air, streams, and food chain.
Good luck trying to keep selling that BS when our cotton farmers lose billions from Trump's tariffs or worse our ERs are filled with children having asthma attacks from changing the Clean Air Act.  We Chose People over GOP Policy! Retire NOW!
Short-term tax cuts inflated the deficit in an attempt to buy votes for the November 2018 elections. The long-term tax cuts went to the wealthy and to corporations who largely 
used it to buy back stock. Some got a bonus, but bonuses are TEMPORARY. It did not go to pay rises.
It also doesn't help with small raise when my prescriptions now cost $2900.00 more a year.

It sure is easier to make money when you can ignore your impact on society...
You are so done!!  Can’t wait until November!!  Even your ways won’t help!!

McConnell says he doesn't have the ability to muster enough votes from the GOP to get nominee Pompeo a favorable Committee vote. He says it's an example of confirmation issues caused by Democrats.
Holy Reaping What You Sowed Remember Merrick Garland You Lying…

Ole Mitch is happy to have allowed corporations the ability to poison and kill Americas.  Helping Americans throws a wet blanket on corporate profits. Mitch Ryan, Dotard & Pence want Americans to suffer and die.
We think you need to resign.
Thus paving the way for the next big recession.


He is lying. He knows TRUMP will do it. Maybe even tonight.
You guys need to stay on the job until Pomeo and others are confirmed
Tax the rich to the Bill Clinton 90% Level, close loopholes as well. You and your party are just as bad as Democrats.

An analysis by The AP shows the nation's six big Wall Street banks saved at least $3,590,000,000 in taxes last quarter, thanks to the recently enacted Trump tax law. https://apnews.com/96589643061e4437bd45fdcc35959fe0 …
You are a disgusting person and an enabler.  GFY Mitch.
Didn't you mean Corporations?!?!!
Mr Corker just admitted that the tax reform was for corporations. It was never about helping the middle class and he just owned that. The tax heist was corporate welfare.
Let’s get confirmations DONE!!!
When the economy is booming, the government should be balancing the budget and creating a surplus for the next downturn. Do conservatives not know what fiscal responsibility even means?
You created a $1 Trillion deficit. A shame how you deny the FACT that Obama lowered the deficit $1 Trillion and brought the economy back at the same time. Ridiculous that you claim that was a "wet blanket" now that you bring that $1 Trillion deficit back.
Lol only the lowest of the low info voters believe that BS.
... McConnell,  am sure you did a study to determine property damage and workers to be killed with all the safety rollbacks? ...
That is just utter BS! Lie to Trump Supporters that 30%, the other 70% Know The Facts. We read and research! #FakeNews

Why has monthly job growth not met expectations and slowed since Jan. 2017?
You've done nothing but slowly kill us. And you are so proud. Sick!
Mitch, pick up the pace on legislation and nominees. You are more dangerous than any Democrat.
Job creators that’s bullshit
This economy was not under any wet blanket and the tax cut was irresponsible!
You rock!
You’re disgusting
Get rid of Dode/Frank train wreck please.

An analysis by The AP shows the nation's six big Wall Street banks saved at least $3,590,000,000 in taxes last quarter, thanks to the recently enacted Trump tax law. https://apnews.com/96589643061e4437bd45fdcc35959fe0 …

@SenateMajLdr  @HouseGOP
@WhiteHouse
@SenateDems
@HouseDemocrats…
You hate this country. Love the $$$$, utter contempt the people. Your selfishness is the true evil among men. Leave office and stop ruining life for 98% of us.
“McConnell allowed only 20 confirmations of district and circuit judges during Obama’s last two years, a modern low according to congressional statistics. Already he has confirmed 32 judges for Trump, including Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch”
Making it easy for the Wells Fargo’s of the world to screw your constituents and adding over $1 trillion to the debt.  What a great job you are doing.
"breathing room" LOL
Wrote a little tune for you Mitch... Parental warning; This song contains bad language. Sorry, but I couldn't find any less vulgar words to describe Mitch McConnell.
The only thing that you passed are things that would be bad for our country
No use to care what the GOP Congress & President do.  By passing the HUGE spending bill they have shown they are no different than the Dems.  Wasn't impressed with the tax bill either.....big companies were though!  Why waste time voting for these characters on either side...
And added 1.5 trillion to the deficit, which you'll try to use as justification for fucking over social security and medicaid.
Very short-sighted. Job creators (wealthy individuals and corporations) don't need any more breathing room. They're doing extraordinarily well.
And poison the planet!
Stop lying.  Resign.  Let the GOP rebuild its credibility.
If BLOTUS fires Special Council Robert Mueller u, BLOTUS. @SpeakerRyan and every republican need to be charged with Obstruction of Justice
This GOP and BLOTUS doesn't care about the average American worker unless u both can take our tax dollars and put them in your pockets

Confirm Pompeii, and STOP waring against Trump
Never worked before. Never trickles down.
“Big” tax cuts weren’t given to American ‘people’—that implies a majority, “big” Tax Cuts were only given to corporations & billionaires. I got $12, what did Mr. Trump ger? #TaxCutsandJobsAct #TaxScam #GOP #POTUS #Hypocrites
Wait until those tariffs kick in Mitch
Just another fool who is corrupt with no morals
It's time for Republicans and Democrats to come together and save our democracy!
You must pass the bill to protect the SC investigation and impeach Donald Trump!  You all took an oath it's time to honor that oath!
POTUS (Donald Trump) has done nothing wrong. The only people who should be arrested are those who have been fired and crooked HRC who violated all kinds of law and got a pass.
Slowest job growth in 7 years.
wow Mitch...the people hate you. what do you care, right? as long as youre making a profit laundering rubles, and whoring for corporations its all good. Clean environment? Who cares? Youre not long for this planet. 
#resign
#TraitorMcConnell
your days are numbered. you might as well retire before the truth comes out on you. follow @SpeakerRyan lead-though it still may catch up w/ him unless he makes a deal
Make #TaxCuts permanent and get @POTUS's nominees passed ASAP! Go nuclear if you have to! Ridiculous wasted time! Get @realDonaldTrump's agenda enacted across the board! No more slacking! #MAGA  100% NOW!
The economy was doing fine. And you won’t be around to suffer the consequences of such damaging deregulation, but my children and grandchildren will.


It’s funny you talk about breathing and rolling back rules.  Our children and grandchildren won’t be able to breathe the air or swim in the water, and I guess Acid Rain will be making a comeback.
http://www.usdebtclock.org/current-rates.html …

Don't hurt yourself patting your back. 2 Trillion in new debt this year.....and it's only April!
This is nonsense, but let's see what the voters think in November.  And then you can go back to Kentucky if they'll have you which is doubtful.
Thanks for supporting the President and, in essence, hearing the voices of Americans
Please say you're being sarcastic?
Sorry to disappoint but no I do support rolling back of harmful regulations - even if Mitch McConnell gets to claim credit for it 
Resign.
You cut regulations to help large companies.
You gave tax cuts to large companies.
You screwed over Ky as a whole & especially eKy to line your pockets from big donors.
You consistently choose Party over Ky & Party over Country.
You lie.
You & your GOP are despicable and the lowest life form on this planet! May you ALL rot in the hottest place in hell! The sooner the better!
History will remember you. Your great/grandkids will deny they're related to you.  Oh, the shame!
#Mitch is unAmerican
Bullshit.
Despite the best effort of Administration, including Sec of the Treasury @stevenmnuchin1 , to sell the Act as a boon for employees To be showered with bonuses, wage increases, etc, evidence shows the tax savings  are being used for stock repurchases.
Why are you still selling this albatross you and @Potus have strapped around our necks? #Lies #MitchTheObstructionist
“SweepingTax reforms” do not apply to families and individuals. Unless the sudden increase by $1.5 Trillion in the National Debt is substantially reduced, the 2017 Tax and Jobs Act probably will not spur growth in tax revenues expected.  (Can anyone say “Supply Side Economics? )
You removed protection to Give corporate polluters and those who raze the wilderness free rein just for profits. No jobs created LIAR GOP.
Don't pretend you care about your constituents, Mr. McConnell, We  know your track record, we know you LIE.  More promises of the same old lies only hurt your chances of convincing us. We are alot smarter than what you give us credit for. Save your breath.
You Lib’s must be enjoying all that Legal Pot cuz your all high on HATE!
Proving again that if your hearing the same Lie over and over you will believe it’s true! Obama was a Soros Puppet and still is———
Socialismn has never worked and it won’t in America!
Wake Up Please ——————-
Tax fraud. GOP swindled the American people.
There’s no regulation forcing you to tweet.




#Democrats seem to be getting all the best jobs these days. 

#candidateMitch
Really? Because I would be considered an "above average" earner and I got a whopping $30 a week #GOPTaxScam
Right.  Minor little things like clean air and clean water.  Apparently to want us all to be like Flint, MI with contaminated water and walk around like the do in China with masks because the air is so dangerous.  Must be nice to live in your ivory tower.
We like clean air, water and food. Stop making our future bleak...
End the fillibuster ruleObama did it. Reid did itHave the senate remain in session until all 500 appointees are approvedEveryday democrats are blocking anything from getting doneThey are in RESIST mode.If they keep the 30hr on each appointee it will take 9yrs to get everyone


In other words- more money for the rich and more oil drilling, fracking and air pollution. Those regulations are there for a reason. Maybe we should skip installing seatbelts in cars to help the economy. You really are clueless and out of tune with your constituents.
Yeah, who needs clean water and breathable air.
#November 2018 gop going down crooked little people
What the goernment really needs is for you to retire.  You are  old, worn out and ready to play checkers.  Get out.


Families making $20,000.00 per year save $60.00 dollars a year, Not even a weeks worth of groceries or even a utility bill. SCREW YOU! You SCREWED The American people and got richer doing it! We won't forget.
Yes, and you are ruining the environment and driving up the deficit! Your values are all wrong
