Wonderful. Begging you to get Mike Pompeo confirmed as Secretary of State asap.
No. Way.
Obstruction? #MerrickGarland
You’re the same fuy who publicly vowed to vote NO on all of Obama’s initiatives, right? And ur the guy who blocked his SCOTUS nomination, right? And u can speak of obstruction? Get real, old man. You r a joke.
As much as I disagree with the actions of the Democrats, I'm glad that they exist as evidence of what real obstructionists racists look and act like and act like.
Obstruction sucks doesn’t it? Let’s hope the next obstruction lasts until the new president gets to make the appointment. 
"Democrats historic obstruction"? LOL, sir.  Did you forget what YOU did to the Garland nomination? #STOLENSEAT
Historic obstruction? It must be true that history repeats itself, you near sighted hypocrite!
You got a lot of nerve Old Man. You especially Obstructed Obama on EVERYTHING! 
Infrastructure 
Imagration Reform
You stole the seat from Garland 
#RetireOldMan
You've shameless hypocrisy to ref Dems' "historic obstruction"? You who led unConstitutional coup d'état: hijacking SCOTUS GOP's held since 1953, denying moderate Pres @BarackObama's right/ obligation to fill seat. You belong in prison for traitorous thwarting of democracy.
MERRICK GARLAND?
You're one to talk about obstruction. How often have you refused to do your job? History will show you as the traitor that you are.
Blavatnick Mitch. How much $$ did they pay u? U betrayed your country? You've lost any right to an opinion on our future. Retire, quit, just go...
Every time you have the audacity to call Dems obstructionist, I’d like to remind you of one word: Garland. You and your party held the Supreme Court, the highest court in the land, hostage. And yet, you “persisted”.
Nothing says “obstruction” like your actions during Obama’s term.  You planned it.  You acted on it.  And you were proud of it. 

Hypocrisy, your name is @SenateMajLdr McConnell. 

#VoteThemAllOut #BlueWave
Don’t get me wrong Mitch, I believe in smaller government (but not smaller where we need to fill these vacancies ASAP which woud help move along Trump’s agenda)and help get the work done. You&Reps approved Obama’s nominees why aren’t the Dems approvingTrumps(resist).ComtoJesusMtg

Trump cannot know anyone qualified to even be garbage people!!!!
Merrick Garland..when the Dems take over, payback time!! #BlueWave2018
Bitch McConnell
Pot, meet kettle.
Merrick Garland
.@realDonaldTrump 
#BlueWave2018
#BlueTsunami2018
Mitch, I’m  concerned about all the vacancies we have for the White House( these are the people that do the work, usually). The Dems and Schumer are slow-walking every job to not help Trump. Harry Reid did something(not sure what)might havebeenNuclearOptionandfilledentireOrgCht
Want to talk about obstructing? You obstructed all the various circuit court judge appointees you blocked for 8 yrs, & supreme court nominee  Merrick Garland who you wouldn't even give an up or down vote. The only thing your good at is serving your corporate donor interests.
Democrats historic obstruction???? I’d say obstructing a vote on a SCOTUS judge was more historic as well as 8 full years obstructing Obama.
It is always nothing short of literally unbelievable that you accuse anyone of confirmation obstruction.
Yes! His historic obstruction was 8 years of opposing the public interest & thwarting democracy, blocking even bills & nominees they liked lest good occur on Pres Obama's watch. Culminating in coup d'état: of stolen SCOTUS, GOP's since 1953, which shd now be democracy's bulwark.
Roy Moore for Senate.   Bring your young daughters and grand daughters.
How about u and your cronies obstructions for the last 8 yrs.  Your a total hippocrite!!

Your fake potus is going down. Will you continue to take our country into his gutter?
Not true you didnt have the people picked, when you did pick someone, his paperwork wasnt done, you our just a trump flunky!
If anyone, you'd know what "historic obstruction" would be! #BlueWave2018
Merrick Garland
No one topped obstruction better than you.  How do you write this and look in the mirror?   No moral core there
Stop blaming Democrats. Your party is in control. Why don't you start blaming the real problem, yourselves, and the incompetent President
Obstruction 101:
we're gonna make sure trump is a one term president. 

Oh... and Merrick Garland
You done nothing but obstruction your whole career. Don't be con by his lies
Mitch you are the pot . . .

This from the man that obstructed President Obama's Supreme Court nominee. You are such a schmuck.
Do we have an ambassador to Germany?
#persiangulf #persian_gulf #iran_is_great #IamICAN #FreeAhedTamimi
Historic obstruction?? You have no shame Senator....under your ( lack of) leadership, you denied Obama his supreme court nominee by obstructing...Couldn’t have been any clearer than when u famously said,” Your #1 priority was make sure Obama was a one term president”.
When are you going to retire?
Lol you have obstructed for years you are not a representative for the people you are a representative for your donors
No one he hires is qualified.
U’ve some nerve saying Dems r obstructing.What about your history of obstruction during Obama years? Hypocrite!!
When did you ever mind a very long wait to confirm a highly partisan nominee? 

#partyhackMitch
Stop lying. Most of these people are really not qualified.
Hey Mitch the Bitch,Marble Mouth , how about passing”damn 51vote rule “idiot,all Kentucky’s people r angry as hell~this ol man who’s working against us & POTUS , History will hold this old fool4not working 4 American Ppl,Trump tired of asking,Kentucky pissed!

Give him a month he will be fired.
Maybe you have dementia because you and your party were the biggest obstructionists for 6 years
Work faster! Nice excuses! Get the job done!!!!!!
Eat shit white trash turtle
If anyone knows about obstruction, it’s Mitchy and his GOP mob - 8 years of practicing with  President Obama.
Remember Merrick?
Dear Senator Old Dude. You own obstruction. Has your mind failed you. #nitwit
Lobby guy.

Sad, Weasel Mitch.
Where is your head, Mitch?
Just like the other “qualified”. Like Pruitt who is destroying our environment.  Betsy DeVos whose family has Russian connections and hasn’t a clue about running an Education Department.  Jeff Sessions who seems to have forgotten separation of executive and judicial branch.
Yet Gorsich remains obstructed by the Republicans
You could have made it happen quicker! I support my @POTUS
Remember this judicial nominee? Highly qualified, but YOU kept him from even getting a hearing. THAT was historic obstruction!!
Merrick Garland
You keep using, "highly qualified". I don't think it means what you think it means.
No, I think YOU Russiapublicans hold the record for HISTORIC OBSTRUCTION! The ENTIRE President Obama Administration!
Mitch, u 2 r a worthless piece of shit!.
Merrick Garland
Just like you did last term
This statement is coming from @SenateMajLdr who once said his job was to make sure Obama didn't get reelected.  Same old tactics #GOPFail
Seriously? Merrick Garland you idiot. #VoteThemOut2018
You should not say anything about Democrats & obstruction. Pot calling the kettle black McConnell. You obstructed Justice from day one of the Obama administration. Cost Americans trillions, what are you going to do about your unfit President keep putting him, Party before country
You don't know what the words highly qualified mean.
Hypocrite. How do you sleep at night??
Funny how you disgusting despicable @GOP have control of the House, Senate & WH but still have the audacity to call Democrates obstructionists. Weren't u the POS that obstructed Obama's right to appoint a Supreme Court justice? Repubs are complicit hypocrites=party over country
“Obstruction” coming from your mouth is very funny!!
You know all about obstruction, don't you, Mitch? You did plenty during Obama's administration.
historic obstruction. historic obstruction? do you even hear yourself? are you even aware of who you are and what you’ve been doing for years?
PTL-hope u can make that happen a lot now-maybe u could group these nominations onto the omnibus bill you all forced upon the citizens!!!
The fact that ur backing this person is proof that he is 100% unfit for the position. NO ONE TRUMP HAS APPOINTED IS FIT TO DO THEIR JOB!
SO FAR TRUMP'S NOMINEES HAVE BEEN DUDS! ESPECIALLY EPA PICK!
Scumbag much?
So, now where is the pride, when paybacks come home to roost
More Judges
Long overdue
They stold your play book and it is not pleasant to have them say NO.
Please stop this unconstitutional move by some Senators to limit the Presidents ability to fire subordinates! Can the President issue an Executive Order limiting your ability to fire a subordinate?
Deputy Dog McConnell kind of like you and the Republicans with the historic obstruction of Obama's Supreme Court Justice for a year? Or are you to feeble minded to remember? Remember your a Senator not Trump's groupie! SAD!
Historic obstruction, eh? Yep, Republicans taught us well!
Yep historic obstruction...

Democrats obstruction, you HYPOCRITE, what do you think you did to President Obama for 8 years, ring any bells?  You did much worse over those 8 years than any Democrat has ever done.  You realize we are smarter than that and we DON’T believe anything coming out of your mouth .
Oh.. you mean they pulled a “you” on you!! You obstructed for 8 years...
No @SpeakerRyan SenateMajLdr you are the author & illustrator of obstruction, divisiveness and  deception. Very disappointing.
He is back folks. How was hibernation a$$hole?
No, Historic obstruction is what you did to Obama. A level not done before. Not because of politics, but because of race. You are man of evil intentions and a traitor to this country.
You are the ultimate obstructionist, you hypocrite! Merrick Garland ring a bell? I’m so sick of you and this administration recreating history to suit your agenda. The blue tide is coming.   
That like your obstruction during 8 years of obama administration, why dont you bring up a vote to protect all aspects of the special counsel? Our you trying to protect the president, why, were is your spine, should you be held resonsible? Our you colluding to protect potus! Ya!!
Obstruction? You wrote the book on the topic, and currently hold the majority as well as all the cards. You don't get to call this obstruction.
End the acronyms, that could be department of leftist for all we know.....I shouldn't have to google USDOL to know what you are saying
You have the power to do this all now. Stop the obstruction and being so weak. Guess you don't know how to leaf because that bill you shoved through was a joke
“Historic obstruction”. Oh Mitch you asshole that’s so damn rich. Project much?
Keep going!!!  Still so many to go!
Your party obstructed Pres Obama for 8 years. You’re an idiot.
Wow!!!!!  Wonder what Mitch would have scored on the presidential mental fitness test for memory loss?
You criminal POS!
You boasted about obstructing @BarackObama. You swore to destroy his presidency. 
You’re the one who made trump not only possible but inevitable. 
#resign 
You’re also complicit in obstruction of justice 
#ArrestMitch
I find it hilarious that you of all people are calling the Democrats obstructionist. You began this game when Obama was in office. I remember you saying something on the order of you will make sure he is a one-term president. What goes around comes around
No excuse.  Should have forced a vote much earlier
Yertle you obstructed for 8 flipping years. Shut up.
When are you resigning?????? 
You held a #SCOTUS seat open for a year, don't talk about historic obsruction while ignoring your own shameful history
Your name is obstruction and misleading
Won't last long. Too soon to get excited.  America doesn't like what you and your slimy ilk have done to this country. The cotton mouthed grin will be exposed to the light as all evil does.
Can you say...MERRICK GARLAND?
Historic obstruction! Ha! Mitch you’re a piece of dog dirt whose middle name is obstruction. I anxiously await the day when your power to ruin America crumbles
You have a lot of nerve claiming obstruction after what you did with Obama’s Supreme Court nominee
Democratic historic obstructionism? Do you not hear the irony, Old Man???!!! #hypocrite #liar #MerrickGarland
You're going down in history as one of the most corrupt despicable politicians in history.
Time for the nuclear option. Thanks Harry Reid.
Remember when you were blocking Obama? Not allowing him to nominate a Supreme Court Justice?
Your the king of obstruction! You should shut your mouth and do your job. Maybe try keeping trumps finger of the neucler button. Do something usfull!!
Oh, pah-leeeez!! Does #MerrickGarland ring a bell, you obstructionist #POS 
Historic obstruction? Really? Do you have amnesia or Alzheimer’s? You need to@go. #expelMcConnell
Hypocrite. In Obama’s last year you would not allow a hearing on Supreme Court nominee Merrill Garland . You are one of the biggest obstructionist. You are a divider not a uniter. Blue wave is coming in Nov.
Merrick Garland
IDIOT
Democrats historic obstruction? Can you say “Obama’s Supreme Court nominee”?
How’s that chinee illegal wifey?  Did you buy her at a brothel?
Another temp !
Somehow I find it apropos that GOP are complaining about obstruction and I think

MERRICK GARLAND

And cheer the Dems on

Payback is hell, isn’t it?

#VoteThemOut2018
#VoteGOPOut
#VoteBlue20182020
#VoteThemAllOut
Stop whining you little baby!
#Gaslighting 
#gophypocrisy 
#goplies 
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Um....did you forget what you did with Merrick Garland? #Hypocrite #GOPPartyOfPigs
Let's build the wall Mr McConnell and secure our borders please.
You must find away to stop democrats obstruction.
I listened to him. He's prejudiced against gays, which would interfere with his ability to be fair in his ability to govern without bias toward human beings. I think government should stay OUT of people's personal lives and be able to make fair decisions in all things.
Next month we'll approve another person...take a break
#MerrickGarland
OMG!! You have the gall to talk about obstruction!  You obstructed EVERYTHING President Obama wanted and refused to even consider his pick for Supreme Court! You, sir are a hypocrite of the highest caliber!
Historic hardly, your stonewall prevented a position on the Supreme Court, shameful.
Your nose is growing!
Leader of the swamp.  You need to Retire you partisan hack.
You of all people don’t get to talk about obstruction.
Hypocrite.
You are a disgrace! This should have been done in the few month of this administration.
You are a poor excuse for a human being!
#wewillrememberinnovember
"Historic obstruction" occurred during the years of 2008-2016 and was perpetrated by YOU and the treasonous @GOP you #POS
Hey McDonald's start doing your job what do we pay you to do stand there and eat peanuts no do your job
Retire...just go!
Garland Merrick
You know you need to RESIGN.
Well you ought to know all about historic obstruction
Obstruction is a word that you know very well.
You are such an ass you spent nearly 8 years obstructing Obama now that you are not getting your way on everything suddenly your pissed that the democrats aren’t falling at your feet. Hypocrite!!!
Eat a dick, Turtle.
Please tell Merrick Garland about historic obstruction.
In that case, we look forward to him resigning in ignominy just a few short months from now like so many other Trump nominees you rubber stamped into office without proper scrutiny. 

Hope you told him to go easy on his travel and furniture expenditures.
Speaking of obstruction how about your obstruction of Obama’s Supreme Court nominee?  Guess you are the pot calling the kettle black!
McConnell talks about obstruction, yet he did it for the whole 8 years of Obama's presidency and bragged about it!
Historic obstruction? They must have learned from the person that was responsible for all of the obstruction during the Obama Administration, YOU.
Your double standards are exhausting. Please retire. 
YOU, McConnell are in charge of the Senate! YOU have the power to change this. YOU choose not to. RETIRE & LEAVE!
You complaining about obstruction is laughable.
You are on record as a Nazi sympathizer
Time for nuclear option
Just how did Dems obstruct when you & GOP control everything? Be specific; there's a quiz later.
You could easily go nuclear, you also lead the entire gop senate to vote pro forma sessions to prevent recess appts by our President. 
YOU ARE A TRAITOR & A LIAR.
Who are you calling a traitor and a liar?  Mitch McConell? Or me? I'm just glad finally Trumps appointee got approved.  ???  Lol
McConnell of course!  Yeah I'm glad but still mad at him, he has the power to push these nominations through. No President has ever faced this level of obstruction before!

