McConnell's wife is in the Trump cabinet. So, he is NOT bringing a vote to  protect Mueller.
NON-STOP PROPAGANDA & LIES! Don't believe a word of it. Their CONSTANT plugging, mentioning, cheer-leading should tell you how much of a Middle Class FAILURE this SCAM truly is. HERE is the TRUTH! This SCAM will KILL the Middle Class!
This millionaire revealed his tax return to show just how much the GOP tax law favors the rich 
@SenateMajLdr 
Mitch McConnell: 
Traitor to ALL Americans! #ProtectMuellerNow
Too much Russian kompromat? 
Scared of tRump?
You’re truly 
Putin’s-Trump bi+ch.
#StateTv propaganda
Do your JOB!!!
Country over party. You are failing and history will judge you accordingly. What leverage exactly do they have over GOP? It will all be known and none of those resigning to hide will be immune either.

Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan have essentially created a Dictator in the United States Of America.
https://www.rawstory.com/2018/04/mcconnell-says-wont-allow-vote-bill-protect-mueller-trump-wouldnt-sign/ …
Dear #Kentucky, ask yourselves what Russia has on your toady boy
On @TeamCavuto, McConnell shuts the door on the bipartisan bill to protect Mueller: “I’m the one who decides what we take to the floor, that’s my responsibility as majority leader, we’ll not be having this on the floor of the Senate.”
Not like your network wasn’t already a joke, Putin’s network, but then @seanhannity 
You are a feckless, cowardly Vichy puppet and toady boy who puts party over country. May you forever sport the Trump tattoo.
On @TeamCavuto, McConnell shuts the door on the bipartisan bill to protect Mueller: “I’m the one who decides what we take to the floor, that’s my responsibility as majority leader, we’ll not be having this on the floor of the Senate.”
I don't think Fox News likes you much to use THAT picture of you.
Cavuto, please let Mitch know we're all feverishly searching for his LOST BALLS.
TRAITOR!
Thanks for giving tax breaks to Billionaires, who so desperately need our help.  The interest on a Billion Dollars is only Fifty Million a year, hardly enough for a Billionaire to live on.  Give 'em More, More, More, More.   China will lend us the money.
Why won't you protect Mueller? What are you afraid of?
Sorry Entertainer.
When history of this era is written, Mitch McConnell will be understood as one of the great villains of our time...boundless cynicism,  willingness to shatter norms, walk over any precedent, & twist  rules to retain power! Shameful!
Take the Protect Muller and All Future Special Counsel Bill to the Floor for a Vote. Stop Silencing the people and the Senators. You are literally violating the 1st Ammendment in not taking this bill to the floor for a vote.
Sen u did right thing w/protection bill for Muellerwhat WE need Protection FROM a spec Counsel that goes off of mission/scope
Let's see Trumps money laundering tax returns you f'ing traitors
RESIGN.
Oh yeah, tune in for some GOP cartoons kiddies! It's all total bullshit but fun to watch huh Mitch?

McConnell thinks he took his oath to the RNC not the constitution https://twitter.com/frankthorp/status/986351014822514698 …
Your world, customer.
He should be asked why Senators are out fund raising rather than confirming nominations.
He should be asked why he actively works against every conservative that runs for congress.
He needs to be asked to leave
Let me guess: He’s not protecting the special counsel because Trump is so stable and all. What a sell out.
Who's side you on today?  SCHUMER OR TRUMP?
ALL HAIL KING MITCH
Hey FOX what about your lying conflict ridden Hannity?

#ProtectMueller #vote
This man is pure garbage.
Hey Mitch? Why won’t you protect Mueller?
I think Trump is blackmailing you. My husband doesn’t, he believes you are just pure evil. Which is it? #ReplyTweet
The Senate Majority Leader believes that the President is above the law. https://twitter.com/frankthorp/status/986351014822514698 …
I’ll be busy.
Hard Pass
Thank you for supporting the President on this interview.
MORE #FakeNews  and LIES!
I would watch grass grow in my yard -more activity!!!
The world will a better place when you hurry up and die.
Ask him if he has a pair of balls...
Did you announce your immediate retirement? Hope, Hope, Hope. You currently are the most hated and evil @SenateGOP. Running a close 2nd to the #CRIMINALPresident
Block Mueller protection bill.  #TheDemocrats are grandstanding.
Are they going to give each other BJ's?

And with that we come full circle from 2016, when McConnell refused bipartisanship for a warning about Russian tampering during the election. https://twitter.com/frankthorp/status/986351014822514698 …
Dear Mitch,
We promise the response to Mueller or others being fired by the twit n tweet in office will be HISTORIC.
Gonna talk about subverting the rule of law to sell out the country to the super-rich?

#ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller
Allow the vote on protecting Mueller.  You wanna talk the talk, you need to walk the walk.
Please stand up for the rule of law
We think he should bring the vote #ProtectMueller
#taxday @realDonaldTrump today would be a good day to release your tax returns......
Mitch mcconnell needs to go, he obstructs repubs every chance he gets? Ryan was bad, Mitch is worse.


He will not be in that job for much longer, will be voted out
Tell @SenateMajLdr to say 'GOP lowered taxes, democrats want to raise your taxes'. That's how they need to sell it for the midterms.


Be brave -- ask him about Peter Schweizer book - Secret Empires: How Mitch McConnell and Ellen Chao Used Political Power to Make Their Family Rich | Breitbart http://bit.ly/2FKlezJ  via @BreitbartNews
what? you want us to watch him dodge hard questions. NOT!
waste of time.Does not do his job.Still many not confirmed.wasted all that money on last bill kissing dem butts and no wall.Must go
McC is no different than the Flake and the Fake senators from AZ
When will McConnell ask for the 2nd Special counsel?, when will Congress look into Clinton's Uranium One deal?, when will they refer the @FBI crooks for prosecution? , how long will @FBI crooks keep security clearance? What is Senate/Congress doing about Mueller's abuse of power?


Talk about the deficits and how our grandchildren will be paying
Demoplican Majority Leader.

Drug Warrior Mitch McConnell Tied To Millions In Cocaine

"Boop"
But, seriously, they're both terrible people.
#draintheswampKY
90 Pounds of Cocaine Seized aboard Ship Owned by Mitch McConnell’s Family
I’d rather watch paint dry. Literally.
Ask him to explain his obsession with the deficit when the black guy was in the White House, compared to his lack of interest now that its the orange guy.
@SenateMajLdr trying to sell the #TaxScamBill . Sorry, no takers accept for @FoxNews viewers and some of those viewers are not buying it.

https://twitter.com/abcward/status/986320791074672640?s=19 …
Tell us mitch..how dose some1 that suppose to work for kentucky,,turn 170,000 a year,,into a worth of 22million..into don't care how much your worth,,but we all would like to know how you got there.
Maybe he'll confess to being a DEMOCRATS  hopefully he will announce his IMMEDIATE RETIREMENT and go live in communist China
Softball biased journalism spewing propaganda. #BoycottHannity
Hopefully, he'll announce his departure.
aka a bunch of softball questions for the worst @SenateMajLdr ever.
Tax cuts:
performance as president:
--white men 50% approve, 46% disapprove
--white women 42% approve, 55% disapprove
--African-Americans 10% approve, 87% disapprove
http://cnbc.com/id/105134931 
just retirer @NotMcConnell! old McConnell had a farm; e.i.e.i. o.
Talking assholes! #liar #fraud #con #scam 

Nope


Why doesn’t this spineless coward go on MSNBC or CNN. Or NY Times or Washington Post both of whom just won Pulitzer Prizes. Fake Fraud Fox is not journalism, it’s propaganda.
You'd better get @SenMajLdr a spine before you sit him down. He may topple over.
He should be asked how much tax savings he's going to get?
Wow. Fox News.  They legally had to change their designation to an entertainment network.  You must be proud.
Please - Ask him why he lets upchuck schumer run the senate.

Hang them up. You damn RINO.
Perhaps Cavuto will ask him why he adjourned the Senate when they only worked 2.5 days and @realDonaldTrump’s at least 80 appointees are awaiting confirmation. Biggest Swamp dweller in DC.
I think he's a democrat
You need to retire..I don't know any1 in kentucky..that wants you in.not no1.
My Attorney Got Arrested #MAGA
11 Days Before Election $130000
@FoxNews Fuck News Roger Ailes @seanhannity
@SenateMajLdr
@TeamCavuto #RUSSIA

@SenateMajLdr fox is not news it's an entertainment channel. Not fox channel
Yawn
Mitch McConnell is a disappointment to the Commonwealth of Kentucky!
Yup he can fast track Pot but can’t fast track President Trumps nominees? Oh we have troops in Syria , that should have given President Trump the green lite to attack Syria chemical weapons of mass destruction ! War powers act !

This is awesome!
McConnell screwed the pooch and the @GOP,
get ready for the blue tsunami in November...
My ?  Does the attack on Ha mitt mean that no Fox employee can contact a lawyer-- or just ones they approve of?
Hannity. Not whatever I said---

Major Liar. No thanks.
Bahahaha team I trust bahahaha
gross
Two liberal idiots ...speaking liberal gibberish
F this crooked pos.
PLZ
REMIND
THEM
THIS IS WHY .......,


Propaganda


