So this does not matter to you?  
https://www.npr.org/2018/04/06/599856473/trump-and-muslims-a-warming-abroad-a-cooling-at-home …

Today's story is just the tip of the iceberg. FIFTY stories about Dems' frightening relationship with the IT aides, including how Xavier Becerra's server disappeared & DWS's laptop wound up in a phone booth

…
How can u just stand by & let the GOP's supposed values go down the drain. The party looks so corrupt & complicit in tarnishing the country?
You covered for Trump campaign ties to Russia- why would we trust you? Or @SecElaineChao?
NEW: Another Trump campaign foreign policy advisor, Joseph Schmitz, was also in pursuit of possible Clinton emails and pushed the FBI in the summer of 2016 to review materials from the dark web he thought were…
Secure our borders!

Kentucky lawmakers pass tax cuts for wealthy, tax hikes for other 95 percent https://wapo.st/2q8kb1M 

"Leader" McConnell? rofl how does it feel to be a leader who has no following? How does it feel to be one of the most hated  men in Kentucky/country? How does it feel to sell your soul?
You can't stop November from coming.
Mike Pompeo is a nasty money hungry little man. But Mitch wants to stay on Trump's good side so he is praising him. As with all of Trump's appointees Pompeo is only interested in himself and how he can fleece America.
If you say it enough will it be believed?
Hey @SenateMajLdr McConnell when are the votes being held to confirm all of President Trump’s court nominees who have cleared committee? America is waiting for those seats to be filled, time to get back to work!
Thanks to President Trump!

Will he prosecute trump?
Anybody seen Mitch McConnell or Paul Ryan at #MarchForOurLives today? Bueller Bueller?


You love authoritarianism and torture. You torture “poor people” (the former middle class) every day. Your legacy will be for stealing and obstruction. You really are the lowest of the low (and that’s based on the new low bar of the GOP thanks to your bad leadership). Pig.
Let's see how long you allow DEMS to stall his appointment! YOUR a DISGRACE to the position you hold! Hopefully this is YOUR LAST TERM in the SENATE. Too bad your not up for re-election in NOV because you'd be OUT! IF you run again run on a DEM ticket you RINO SWAMP POS!
He’s a yes man to trump. Nothing more, nothing less. Why are you not concerned that the state dept. has been completely hallowed out? Our diplomacy is one of our pillars of strength, no?

You need to back our president and get their border wall built.  Show some spine.
Please get moving on getting POTUS’ nominees through the review process so they can officially be appointed.  This is taking too long & is ridiculous.  If the vetting process is the hold-up, then maybe you need to ask AG Sessions to take action.
Don't military serve. Send old people.
HOW LONG WILL IT TAKE YOU TO GET HIM APPROVED BY THE SENATE????You are NOT doing your job of getting nominees and bills approved! Resign NOW or do your job. Change Senate rules-no longer than 1hour of debate on nominees!
Here’s a major problem. Which one supports TRUMP and the people?? The wall??? Neither one of these guys! Build the friggin wall!!
Use Nuclear Option
PROTECT OUR BORDERS STOP UPCOMING INVASION
    I, (name), do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States 
"AGAINST ALL ENEMIES FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC":  
that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this ...
3 Russian spies
Go ahead & repeat your lie Mitch.

NEVER FORGET

- Mitch McConnell blocked Obama's Supreme Court nomination

- Mitch McConnel blocked a pre-election bipartisan statement to inform the public of Russian hacking

- Mitch McConnell rushed Trump's Supreme Court nomination while Trump was being investigated for treason
Avery POOR choice. NO ONE from the CIA or FBI or NSA can be trusted. WBC
You know Mr.McConnell I wish I could respect you or your position of leadership but I can't. You put Party before Country. Turning a blind eye and a deaf ear to so many Americans is more than disappointing: It is despicable. #ProtectOurDemocracy
Let our President pick his own people. Mitch you need to go. Retire
MITCH-get this back log confirmed. NOW!  Use majority vote or NEVER run again. You are embarrassing us in the world. Get to MAGA & confirm them. Being on break & getting raise is disgraceful. Vote German Ambassador & Pompeo now. Are you a turtle?  Don’t disgrace us anymore.
Agree with you LeeMr. McConnell is a national disappointment. #ProtectOurDemocracy
Our country will be better when the both of you and Trump are all at least 6 feet under.


It’s time to keep the Senate in operation 24/7 to get nominations approved.

3 days a week is a country club schedule that helps Democrats block nominations. 

@POTUS @SenateGOP @SenJoniErnst @ChuckGrassley
Looks like Trump is putting together a war cabinet and you and Paul @SpeakerRyan on right on board!  #ComplicitGOP
Stop being a Putin stooge.  Bring the Special Counsel Integrity Act to a vote. Trump has already tried to fire Mueller once.
Second that!
#Mitch with a 17% approval rating!
Resign.

Disgusting fool. What does Trump have on you that you would sell out your country?
Picked up on FISA warrant while listening to Chinese or Russians talking about their connections to McConnell and/or his wife
Fail
If you think we believe this is true, you are foolish.
If you believe what you write, YOU are foolish. 
Fail
Fail

This headline is everything! 

Scientists Baffled by McConnell and Ryan’s Ability to Stand Upright Without Spines.
…
Appoint Trumps picks.
Push through Ambassador for Germany Ric Grendel.  He is fantastic.  Stop the Democrats and do what is necessary to get all the people waiting to be confirmed now!!!!
What do you know about "proven leadership"? All you ever did when Obama was president was obstruct, obstruct and obstruct. We haven't forgotten Merrick Garland. Your support of Immoral Trump. Your failure to #BanAssaultRifles
And yet, all your side does is obstruct, obstruct, obstruct.
Unfortunately your not. Your not going to be re-elected after that democrat bill you created with Ryan, Pelosi  & schumer. Better get those rigged  goverment contracts signed for your hemp farm.
You must stand up and defend our Constitution. You can no longer stand by and let this President feed these Russian Bots with his fake news narratives. American heroes have died to protect our first Amendment Rights. You will pay dearly in November for your silence.
Arresting children now? You are always sinking to new lows! #MarchForOurLives #GunControlNow #NRAIsATerroristOrganization #DonaldTrump is not worth ruining our country over!

Despite Republicans having control of both chambers in congress, it feels like the Democrats keep getting whatever they want 

Open borders, exploding debt, bills no one reads, planned parenthood…

Approximately 300 POTUS appointees are waiting for Senate confirmation. This gutless snake @SenateMajLdr will not force the Senate to stay in session long enough & (democrats) to get it done. Ambassadors, US Attorneys & US Marshalls.  #FireMitch 
That's ridiculous

Something’s off when the president can brag about sexual assault and Republicans support him, but a bunch of high schoolers begging to not get shot at school are “disrespectful” in the GOP’s eyes.
DISAPPOINTED THAT YOU continue to not bring nominees to floor for a VOTE. It's apparent that YOU are hindering @POTUS abilities internationally. If @SenSchumer wants 30 hours do it tomorrow. IDGAF if the holidays are coming up! #ConfirmGrenell @RichardGrenell NOW #MAGA @PressSec
Pretty quiet of late and no comment about the signed bill that you and your lobbies friends drafted.  You need to go.
Yeah, it’s also UNFORTUNATE that you’re the majority ‘leader’.
You DUMB, CHIN - less man.  You are absolutely disgusting and America is about to VOTE YOU out

YES. LOVE MIKE... but you need to bring @RichardGrenell to a vote and expose the BIGOT DEMOCRAT. #confirmgrenell

You’re in a lot of trouble old man.
No worries....
I would like to congratulate @SenateMajLdr on having done a fantastic job both strategically & politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT & Reform Bill. I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner. Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES!
“Life Insurance “ ?
Don't know if I trust that a traitor can recognize a patriot.  Justice is coming.
The chaotic Trump administration -
He doesn’t play chess of any dimension nor is he cleverly distracting us from one calamity with another.  https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/right-turn/wp/2018/03/25/theres-no-plan/ …
McConnell don't you really mean the Republican party is fortunate. If you Republican Congressmen and women keep doing what your doing you will lose any credibility with the American people and become the number 3 political party if at all
Mike Pompeo might be a patriot but what about a Republican leader who knowingly accept millions of dollars from Putin's Russian connections only days after high level intel briefings & congressional testimonies? #McConnellRussiaConnections
How long for, is he loyal to trump or America?
When will we be fortunate enough that you retire old guard. #boughtandpaid for

Hey #RINO 

Are YOU ok with #CreepyUncleJoe touching #Children like this?

That is YOU in the back there... Right?
I get that you don't like Trump & you consider him an embarrassment to your party but nobody gave authority to you & a few party elites to screw over the elected president, but you did. You are a foul, vile waste of someone's vote.

Vote McConnell OUT
Blah blah blah that's all you hear out of the speakers mouth today if a Patriot is a money grubbing idiot who knows nothing than have at Mitch the know nothing!
No statement from you Senator about the tens of thousands who marched? #MarchForOurLives
McConnell is a hack for China
Yes we are but the Republican Party is extremely unfortunate to have leaders in DC that are virtually the same leaders as leftist democrats. WE ARE SO TIRED OF YOUR BULLSH T!! I will vote against any RINO sitting up there. That was the wORST bill you people ever passed. THE WALL!
Get the courage to allow a vote on common sense gun reform.
@FoxNews Poll: Voters prioritize protecting citizens from gun violence over protecting the rights of gun owners.  Poll also finds doubt Congress will act -- or that it would make any difference if it does. Are you listening to your constituents?
And why fight Iran, who is following the agreement multiple nations told them too.  Trump wants to play with his nucs?  Or Korea, I read Boltons plan to start the war.  Safe people in WH, all around a looney pres who changes his mind like he changes his woman.
He is a war monger who is going to drag us into another useless war with Bolton. U know it, we all know it, but American is not in the mood. We r war weary and certainly weary of the republican party and agenda of regime change. How many wars r we to fight at 1 time.

The youth of America spoke with power and moral clarity yesterday.  The days of politicians who sell out to the NRA and other special interest groups are numbered:
LIAR

Pompeo is Trump’s lapdog.  You & the GOP are running scared from Trump.  A party of punks.  

Some B.S!He will be fired like others before him!
#BlueWave #ImpeachTrump #CambridgeAnalytica https://www.wired.com/story/wired-facebook-cambridge-analytica-coverage/amp?__twitter_impression=true …
Resign. Your hatred for trump is palpable. In your case age has not meant wisdom.  You just installed schumer.
Resign. Your hatred for trump is palpable. In your case age has not meant wisdom.  You just installed schumer.

We will no longer accept this form of governing. The spending bill was a shame.
And unlucky to have you as Senate Majority Leader.  Retire.

EXCLUSIVE: "DNC hacker" Guccifer 2.0 was, in fact, an officer of Russia's military intelligence directorate http://thebea.st/2FXFPAu 

Draft dodger @realDonaldTrump can't handle the fact that thousands of transgender service members are braver than he ever was

The grief, the crowds, the anger - it‘s no more helpful than thoughts and prayers unless we ACT. 

Make the #MarchForOurLives more than a…
Shortly you will be relegated to the dustbin of history. Not to soon in my view.
Fake news is out and about it seems.

The stakes have never been higher, and I need your help to protect Planned Parenthood. Add your name!

This is the absolute last time I want to hear old fart fuckwits in political parties handwringing about how young people aren’t politically engaged. They just aren’t politically engaged *with you*, because you’re an…

This kid wins the sign game #marchforourlives 

11-year-old Naomi Wadler says she speaks at Washington DC rally to "represent the African-American girls whose stories don't make the front page," and "who are simply statistics instead of vibrant, beautiful girls…
#BlueTsunami2018
Aerial footage shows the turnout at various March for Our Lives events across the US today https://cnn.it/2G8HuQ3  
Agree about Mike being a good leader but you @SenateMajLdr are such a disgrace and disappointment to #WeThePeople  - reading @peterschweizer book - you and @SecElaineChao will be sharing a cell SOON  - 
cc: .@realDonaldTrump
It obviously true that the Republicans hold office while the Democrats hold power. Mitch you are utterly useless...
Interesting that you have NOTHING to say about what happened today! You’re time is up! #EnoughIsEnough #GunControlNow
Mike Pompeo, give the order to stop these crimes and violations with the drones and harmful waves of CIA in my country Morocco, you can do that, do it
*has
Did you march in Lexington today? Louisville? Frankfort? Did you do anything to let our kids know we value them more than we value the NRA?

It is unfortunate that you are the Senate majority leader. Hopefully it will end soon
Are you out of your freaking mind?
Pack your bags old man.....time for the rest home....better hope you're not bunking with Donnie boy!!!
This is the future. What do you think they are going to say about you?
TRULY: REPUBLICANS DON'T GIVE A SHIT

The $1.3 Tr spending bill Trump signed into law today included strong new Russia sanctions and a ban on nearly all of Trump’s dumb border wall. Nobody seems to know how that stuff got into the 2,300 pg bill or whether our moronic POTUS had a clue that it was in what he signed.
