Sir, you need to start approving the candidates for the courts that Mr Trump has put forward. Stop the delays and do your job. You have the majority,  use it. Approve the budget for the wall, and eliminate the budget for Plan Parenthood and NPR. MAGA
Thank you president trump.
Throughout my life time of monitoring you, this tax plan the president-wanted was half met. And it’s shameful that you’ll fight the president in that he wants removing the blotted earmark you allowed. But you say he’s not going to get what he want.
#BlueWave2018  Out with Old white greedy guys!
Sweet! You are old so get out!

Amazon made $5.6 billion in 2017 and paid no federal income taxes. #TaxDay https://www.seattlepi.com/business/tech/article/Amazon-paid-no-US-income-taxes-for-2017-12713961.php …
Please protect Mueller.

And with that we come full circle from 2016, when McConnell refused bipartisanship for a warning about Russian tampering during the election. https://twitter.com/frankthorp/status/986351014822514698 …
This moron made money from Russia, compromised his wife to @realDonaldTrump & now won't protect Muller. Why he is scared of Muller investigation? Why so many Republicans from House leaving? RNC was involved too.
Out with the “old”, please take your sage advice & retire. You are obstructing a nation’s search for truth & destroying our system of checks and balances.
Out, Out, Out! YOU!!
Out with the old, in with the new.  When are you leaving?
Borrowing 1.5 trillion isnt winning, isnt out with the old in with the new! Its also isnt conservative, cant blame this on trump, this is a whole republican administration on a fools mission!!! No infrastructure, no reduced medical cost, just more debt! Wake up!
Since you won't have a vote to protect Mueller, be ready to be held responsible for the fall of democracy.
Yes, out with the old, in with the new #BlueWaveComing2018
When will @Potus be releasing his tax returns? #TrumpTax
"OUT WITH THE OLD AND IN WITH THE NEW"... would the person running against Trump's Bitch Mitch in 2020, please use this as your campaign slogan.
Out with the GOP, in with the grassroots Dems.
I keep thinking that of all you old guard during the next election cycle. Hopefully your State will wake up and vote in the new which is not you.
Republicans think every day is the 4th of July. Democrats think every day is April 15th.
Every day is New Year’s Day for some.

#senescentMitch
You are old, are you out? #hurryupanddie
Since you’re pretty old, I’d have to agree.
You’re ancient?
what a befitting slogan for you
Got that right old man!U have SCREWED working class all forUR Rich bastard friends!Did Our Taxes this year We got about the same as last 5 years! Guess what @GOP We R Screwed Next year!1.Have 2 have $55 extra taken out each week from checks,2,Wont get to deduct Med,Union,Work.FU
I though you would not run anymore. ...and it turns to be about taxes. ..it seems we will only get rid of you when you can't walk anymore!
But the #debt ??
And on November, we will #VoteThemOut. YOU and your party have colluded with Trump in destroying the country and making the rich richer and the rest of us poorer. #GOPTaxScam #BlueTsunami
Another Clown who refuses to say the tax cuts is to help the billionaires and not the working people!!
I think he’s taking in  code about the election,     Out with the GOP and in with the DEM.    #GOPTaxScam #WEARENOTSTUPID
Dont try to convince us that paying a 1.5 TRILLION dollar monstrous bill createx by this is in our best interest while I am sure you made bank #GOPTaxScam  maybe we should see some Republican officials before & after tax reform tax returns? Thats the agenda I will push #BlueWave
Follow your own advice . Out with the old, NRA and Koch Brothers bribee.
Helping the rich.
And you go out when?
Get out then. Turtle Boy.
#Out with the old McConnell!!!!
YEAH! You got that right! OUT WITH THE OLD (fossils) and IN WITH NEW MEMBERS OF CONGRESS WHO WILL NOT BREAK THE LAW. rEPEAT AFTER YOU, Out with the Old, and In With the New. Out with the Old, and In With the New. Out with the Old, and In With the New. Out with the Old FOREVER! 

Stormy Daniels reacts to Pres. Trump's denial he knew anything about $130,000 payment made to her: "I work in the adult business and I'm a better actor than he is." http://abcn.ws/2CcjBVI  
Lots for the rich, less for the poor.
The new GOP tax bill --- brought to you by the Koch brothers:

"Working to make the rich richer and the poor poorer since 1981"
GOP have sealed their fate with this tax scam #BlueWave2018
How’s that #Justice working out for you?
#GOPTaxScam is only meaningfully helping the rich get richer as 88% of tax breaks go to the top 1%. Wealthy campaign donors love this payback as well #VoteBlue
.@SenateMajLdr And that's EXACTLY what we'll be saying on November 6th. After that you can resign. You've been in office 33 YEARS, 31 years too long! #CorruptGOP #MandatoryTermLimits
Out with the old. Goodbye Mitch.
OUT WITH TRUMP AND THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND IN WITH THE NEW DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
No....that day of reckoning will arrive in November. Goodbye old GOP and in with a new wave. A blue wave.
One must ask you to correct the real name of this bill. "Corporate Welfare and Wealthy Folks Tax Break"! Though some of us might benefit on the nose, its the health care back stab thats killing us in the middle.. And NO more mortgage right offs etc. So no change for the middle..
You're resigning?!
That's the plan in November.
You're "the old" ... get the hell out and make room for "the new", Turtle Man.
Yes and in the midterms out with old and in with the new because of the #GOPTaxBillScam
That's what many of us call the Blue Wave. Coming in November 2018. Old with the Old and in with the New! #BlueWaveComing2018 #Midterms2018
Out with low deficits and in with $1Trillion/year deficits. What is WRONG with you idiots?
You resigning???? Oh didn’t see the hashtag. 
We'll try it for a year.
Yes "Out with the Old and in with the New" !! Out with YOU !!!
You need to be voted out as soon as possible !!
Now we just need to get rid of YOU !
Does that include you Mitch, out with the old and in with the new?
#VoteBlue2018

Great idea! Why don’t you go out with the old and let someone else come in with the new! You’re the poster bozo for term limits! 
Which is exactly what we plan to do in the midterms. Get rid of the old Republican party that has nearly destroyed America, and put in leaders that care about America and Americans. #resist
Nice you recognize what will be happening this November @SenateMajLdr! Here I thought you were absolutely clueless since you’ve completely failed to do ANY beneficial aspect of your job! 
-Sitting on Russian interference info
-Illegally refusing to allow vote on Garland
-etc.
Short-term tax cuts inflated the deficit in an attempt to buy votes  for  the November 2018 elections. The long-term tax cuts went to the wealthy  and to corporations who largely used it to buy back stock. Some got a  bonus, but bonuses are TEMPORARY. It did not go to pay rises.

Does that also apply to politicians?
The #TrumpImpeachment is today?
Dems don't like it.  But I have heard of any of them returning their tax refund.
that's right #DrainTheSwamp  @potus!
We are spending $6.00 a week more for gas, groceries will go up with fuel. More for healthcare thanks for $5 a week tax cut we have to pay back to fix the deficit. This was very conservative.
We can use that slogan for the majority and minority congressional leadership of the next congress too!

And who is paying for you gifts to Trump's buddies.. .
Actually, out with the old should include you
Are you talking about 39 republicans leaving congress due to trump & his lack of being a president? Please Mitch explain trump & his bullshit to us. @RawStory @realDonaldTrump @MSNBC @CNN
Out with the old (you) in with the new (any fuckin’ body else)

We keep saying that about you Mitch
#GOPTaxScam

I dunno man, I didn't file anything on a post card.

I think you snookered everyone.
how much did you pay this year?
I couldn't have said it better. Get out you old dusty tortoise.

Really? The 2017 tribal GOP tax bill is same as 2003, 2001, and 1981. ALL THREE TIMES FAILED! The fickle trickle always puts We the People in a pretty pickle. Starting next year (2019) we the non-rich - start to get got by the rich giveaway GOP bill while the deficit went where?


Where are all the positive tweets?
We will be saying the same in November!!! Get out, white boy. Get the fuck out!

Mitch McConnell through the years:

- 2009 to 2012 Let's make Obama a one-term president…
Bullshit, turtle! FACT: only 4.3% of workers have received either a one time bonus or wage increase.. while corporate stock buybacks are 39 times that amount.#GOPTaxBillScam .  GET THE. CROOKS OUT OF GOVERNMENT!!
The billionaires love the NEW Wall Street welfare!
And you are laughing all the way to the bank as employees wait to hear when they will be laid off. You are deplorable.
Out with the old white men and inwith the new congressional demographic #BlueWave
Perfect slogan for your opponent the next time you are up for reelection!
In with bankruptcy!
HOW COME THE SYSTEM IS DOWN ON TAX DAY???


With Donald Trump’s recent decision to cancel plans to impose tough new economic sanctions against Russia for its support of Syria’s use of chemical weapons, it’s more obvious than ever that Vladimir Putin has real dirt on Trump. What do you think Trump is being blackmailed with?
YES!  Are you leaving too?  You just made my day, you old geezer.
Thank you Senator. 

I do hope that the American and international plutocratic oligarchs who are the main beneficiaries of tax reform enjoy ‘relieving’ me and my children and grandchildren of our tax dollars. #taxrelief
I got so excited assuming you were retiring too! Instead it's just more #taxscam propaganda.
Good riddance old timer!!!
Great! Now DACA, immigration reform, border wall
You can keep your wall.

Election Day 2018: Out with the old, and in with the new.
#TaxScam
You are old.  Time for you to get out so the new can come in
Out with the old? So does that mean you are resigning @SenateMajLdr?

#WorseTaxPlanInHistory
My children are being taken care of . Now we can afford to go to the zoo and buy stuff !! Thank you!!!!
Again, POTUS is not enacting the #RussianSanctions . Are you ok with enabling the compromised child-king?
At the same time you just wasted a ton of money on Omnibus nobody could read, and Made Sure to Leave America vulnerable.
Mitch gotta keep The Chamber and Democrats happy.
Tax cut for the richest 1% is not tax reform you desiccated bag of bile
'Out with the Old, and in with the New' is exactly what we will be saying after the Midterm elections #BlueWave2018
"The New" being huge breaks for the wealthy, and a future $1.5 trillion increased deficit for avg America.
Looking forward to getting rid of the old. YOU!
Yay!!! You are finally leaving!!!
Out with the old...hmmm....are you resigning?
Wait. You’re retiring?
Interesting title considering the midterms
Out with the old in New with tax breaks for the wealthy 1%. Great job
Love the sarcasm. Now...If we can see Trumps taxes (how long has he been dragging his ass on this).
