You're still shoveling this crap? Bet you wouldn't be if you faced us at a town hall. Remember those? Or are you too busy with your "Buckeye Coffees"? #YouAreASham
So if my paycheck went up a measly $40 a month, am I still counted as part of that 90%? Cuz my life has not changed.
@KG_Smith @EmmaleeKalmbach @embena You   Are   A   Liar  And   A   Traitor   To  Your  Oath  Of   Office.  https://www.senate.gov/artandhistory/history/common/briefing/Oath_Office.htm …  #DoYourJob #ProtectOhio
Low down and dirty tweet. You know any raise is temporary and small. And all it costs nothing more than trillions to the debt. Something republicans brought this nation to it's knees over. It's ok when the @gop sells you out i guess.
LIES & MORE LIES.... NOT ONE SINGLE MAN OR WOMAN I KNOW IN KY HAS RECEIVED EVEN A PAT ON THE BACK FROM THIS SCAM, LET ALONE A BONUS OR SALARY INCREASE! JUST STOP. #FRAUDPORTMAN #FRAUDSOH #OHIOSFRAUD #ROBtheROBBER
Really? And what do you suggest we do with that $1.50?  I know...take a mini vacation, right?
Better give it to your kids, they are going@to pay dearly for that $1.50/pay check. They are basically making the next generation of the middle class the indentured servant of the @GOP and America’s millionaires.
Have to agree with that

That $ 1.50 doesn't cover the tariffs or other cost, so stop with the selling of this lie and try balancing the budget without cutting into Social Security and other programs that help people instead of you and the rich
bs
And small businesses & middle class Americans are still paying for Obamacare - the single largest entitlement in US history.
Are you paying attention to Lordstown Chevy factory where they are laying off 1500 employees?  How’s this tax cut working for them?
Only one OH Senator speaks the truth & fights for working families, and it's not Rob Portman. #TaxScam
.@GM – the decision to lay off 1,500 Ohioans will be devastating to the families and communities of the workers whose lives will be impacted. It is particularly galling after your company received massive tax…
Portman’s complaining Ohioans aren’t grateful for $1.50 they got from the #GOPTaxScam
How much will our health insurance premiums go up after you eliminated the individual mandate with no plan to replace the beneficial effect it had on the rest of us?
System shouldn't be based on money provided by people being *forced* to participate.

.@GM – the decision to lay off 1,500 Ohioans will be devastating to the families and communities of the workers whose lives will be impacted. It is particularly galling after your company received massive tax…
The average person is lucky to see $50.oo extra. This is being eaten up in skyrocketing healthcare costs, and the increasing costs for medicine, gas, food. and other essentials. Now you are going to take away our Socical Security and Medicare. #GOPTaxScam
But they will get a big bill next April. Forgot to mention that nugget? And that doesn’t even count the huge bill you’re all leaving for future generations due to the huge hole in the deficit this has caused.
Of course there is that thing you USED to worry about in the distant past.  That will NOT help anybody!  Enlisting them into your tax dodge for a very temporary feel-good day.  Until the midterms, eh?  Then the "entitlements" cut. Right?
Ohio voter here: 

WHY

DO

YOU

REFUSE 

TO

MEET

WITH

CONSTITUENTS

?

?

?

?
That $20 per paycheck isn’t something to brag about. And I’m on the high end, because I’m technically above the middle class. People actually in the middle and lower class are getting less money back. But keep telling them to celebrate that extra $10/month. #liar #TaxDay
Call him, now. He doesn't listen, obviously, or give a sh*t about #Ohio. But call. (#PartyOverCountry every single time, Senator. At least you're consistent?)
Tax experts say the withholding tables are inflated, so next year people will get a disturbing surprise on Tax Day
Yeah. My friends are getting a tank of gas. $40. That's it.

And with that we come full circle from 2016, when McConnell refused bipartisanship for a warning about Russian tampering during the election. https://twitter.com/frankthorp/status/986351014822514698 …
Why does Rob Portman post and then never address our questions or concerns, ever. It's because he doesn't read his Twitter feed. He pays a company to post something every other day. Portman does not care. I hope his family reads this.
Please. Rob. Read your tweet. What you forgot to tell folks is they need to adjust their W-4's so they don't owe taxes next year because of the 'UGE, tremendous paychecks they are getting. Yep, it's a great day. (eye roll emoji)
Protect Mueller. None of this is normal, and you know it.
Go all the way and eliminate the progressive tax code and pass The Fair Tax
And less in tax refunds.

Don’t you know that anyone even in years past could adjust their withholding at any time? Claim 5 kids and nothing is withheld. The only thing that matters is the end of the year if they pay more or less when they file.
How many people will end up owing on April 15, 2019 because those withholding amounts don’t account for loss of deductions? #taxscam
Yet most people are still poor. A “bigger” tax return (which technically means more than 1 cent) doesn’t negate 11 months of poverty the remainder of the year. Short sighted twat.
#GOPTaxScamBill hurts poor and rural. Gosh...thanks for a tax bill that will hurt me and my two adult working children. Oldest daughter works full time at Walmart and has part time job just so she can get by.
I’m sure your getting a bigger paycheck @senrobportman with your 1% wealth. The tax law doesn’t help real people in Ohio though. We won’t forget you sold us out in 2022.
Lies, Rob. 

Appropriate name. 

Rob from the poor, give to the rich.
It was not a tax reform. It was a tax cut for u and your donors that will cost Americans 1.9 trillion. Reform would not of add costs. Ohio deserves better that someone who misleads us and is to cowardly to call out trump for his lies.
While @GM lays off 1,500 workers.  Those hardworking Ohioans will have no take home pay.  Why are you silent on this?  @GM pockets their tax gifts while your constituents suffer.
Sell sell sell and still the majority don’t like the @GOPTAXSCAM.
And getting laid off from good paying jobs to work at Walmart and McDonald's
I would gladly give back my $12.67 a week for better roads in NE Ohio, but I certainly don't want it to go to Pruitt's bullet proof whatever. #GOPTaxScam
Me Too! My paycheck for my part-time work rose by $2.07! So my share of the TRILLIONS in debt adds $8.28 a month to my budget! Guess I should thank you for the additional 2.5 gallons of gas for vehicle this covers. Worth the defunding of all government services!
The more you tweet this, the more we’ll hold you accountable. We’ll check back with you at tax time next year.
The few extra cents in my paycheck now will really seem worth it when my generation is left paying off the debt that your generation keeps piling on us

Yeah...only to pay it all back this time next year to the rich donors funding you. Your time on the floor is almost up Senator...4 more years and you are gone.

Stormy Daniels reacts to Pres. Trump's denial he knew anything about $130,000 payment made to her: "I work in the adult business and I'm a better actor than he is." http://abcn.ws/2CcjBVI  
#GOPTaxScam only meaningfully benefits the ultra wealthy as 88% of tax breaks are going to the top 1% and wealthy campaign donors like Koch Brothers! We must #VoteBlue in November
Do your constituents agree? Why don’t you ask them? @PortmansLastTH
Now secure that boarder

Woohoo $7.00 a two week paycheck.  What did you come home with?  Can’t be bigger then me?
Ha! WAIT until they file for 2018! BTW, tax CUTS, which GOP passed are MUCH different than tax reform. What is SO surprising is that GOP does NOT know the difference! SAD. #GOPTaxScam #GOPCorruption #VoteBlue2018 #Midterms2018 #Enough
Can you please explain why I'm taking home less this year? Are substitute teachers not hardworking?
WTF are you talking about? And if we got anything most of it will go to 2.59 gas so we can pay for our higher rents and utilities
Except for those Ohio people that lost their jobs at the GM plant.   Still no word from you in that.  1500 jobs lost there alone.
Now I understand your constant  tweets about so-called tax reform
It came out to $300 a year extra for me. And that money is going right back to the govt; we just wrote a check to the IRS for many times that amt. So thanks. Now that you have helped this hardworking Ohioan so much, could you  work on guns. #MarchForOurLives #TownHallForOurLives
Nooope. And if any individual got a break, it's temporary,  while you allowed corporations to receive huge breaks FOREVER. Can't wait to vote against you, Rob. Have a great day!
Yes, your decision to lower Federal revenues will mean we can’t even THINK about paying down the debt. Trickle-down doesn’t work, so you’re basically saying deficits don’t matter. I BEG TO DIFFER!
#lyingrob at it again. I’ve seen 0 benefits. My taxes will be higher next year. Serious question. Why is @gop trying to sell Americans on tax bill when it already passed? 1.) It’s all you’ve accomplished. 2.) Overwhelming majority of Americans don’t want. 3.) 
And what about boomers on SS? 10,000 new boomers start SS every day.
I get $27.00 more per pay period.  Seems hardly worth trillion dollar deficits.
Haven't met one yet.
People should be aware that if they have reduced their withholdings, they might not be entitled to the tax  refund they have received in the  past. Not a bad thing, but they should be aware of the possibility and prepare accordingly.
which means instead of a refund they get to write a check to the IRS NEXT April. You are truly a dumbass....and about that deficit. another lying POS republican.
$26 bucks for a 1 trillion dollar deficit? And only for 5 years? Thanks but no thanks. Townhall now.
BARS OF GOLD, JETS,  LIMOUSINES AND ELABORATE VACATIONS  FOR THE RICH AND POWERFUL  
CUTS TO SS, MEDICARE/ MEDICAID AND HEARSES FOR THE POOR, SICK AND POWERLESS.
"Rs" ARE SO, VERY, SELFISH, GREEDY AND HEARTLESS
WE WANT, FOR ALL, THE SAME MEDICAL COVERAGE THAT CONGESS HAS! NOW
I know most of those people will greatly enjoy that additional $1.05 a week.
Tax reform that expires for the middle class but will continue for corporations and saddle the middle class with a National debt many years into the future
Sen. Portman, I went through every tweet here and did not find one positive reply to your tweet.  Where are the positive replies?
I’m concerned about you. This seems to be one of the ONLY TOPICS you bring up. Why don’t you hold a town hall and find out what your constituents are thinking about. @PortmansLastTH

I sure am! Love it! #TaxReform
Because giving GM a tax cut worked out so well for the workers of Ohio.
.@GM – the decision to lay off 1,500 Ohioans will be devastating to the families and communities of the workers whose lives will be impacted. It is particularly galling after your company received massive tax…
Misleading.   As a Veteran,  my copays for doctor visits and prescriptions have increased negating any income increase. 

My company, which is a national company, did not give a bonus or pay increase. 

#TaxScamBill
Yeah look at that....  a whole extra 1.29/week.  Where is that $4k per year that was the *conservative* estimate by your party's accounts?  Once again you prove that you are a #liar

If you tell this lie to me 3 more times I will magically believe it. #GOPTaxScam
Oh really when ? Haven’t seen any changes in my pay check !
This is such a lie. Only 13 % of companies have used cuts to benefit employees directly. The rest have used windfalls for stock buybacks. Does repeating this drivel incessantly ease you conscience about screwing over the next few generations?
In January, thanks to the #GOPTaxScam , the federal government is borrowing even more money than planned. Hardworking #Ohioans are facing ruinous public debt thanks to @senrobportman and his buddy Trump!
Repeal the $1.5Trillion tax cut for the wealthy that adds $1.5 Trillion to our deficit. Adding debt for future generations is not good stewardship.  Support fair taxation - flat tax for wages above $75,000.
Thanks for the $12 bi-weekly. I’m going to remove my kitchen AND buy a new car! I can’t wait to owe next year! #taxscam
Lie much?

Enough to compensate for all the stuff wrong in the tax scam??
Swing and a miss. #GOPTaxScam
Who is going to pay for the GOP tax scam ?
So here's my question: How much did you get paid to tweet this? 
FAKE NEWS
Republicans aren't mentioning the elimination of key deductions that helped the middle and lower class. You may pay less but you write off far less which ends up being a tax increase. Do the reading before listening to these chumps.
Why did you seem concerned about Comey talking about Trump's orange skin? You hid when Trump called countries "Shitholes"
As an Ohioan, I'm not seeing any noticeable tax relief.
Just because you keep saying it doesn’t make it true!
And didn't the @IRS withhold too little this year, meaning more Americans will owe more taxes when they file in 2019, after the elections?
GOP Tax Scam!
It also means they're going to realize you hosed them when those lower tax tables mean smaller returns, if any, in 2019....You know, AFTER they vote in the 2018 midterms...

It's almost like this was by design as part of your #GOPTaxScam #ControlFraud scheme.
What about the debt bro
I am very happy that the Tax reform bill became law. Yet it was a struggle, do to the feckless actions even among the Republicans in the Senate.
I have seen grass grow faster than the Senate. Move to a simple majority, which by the way is Constitutional & get to work!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just saw ya on @CNN and you’re dogging @Comey about “getting into the fray” with @realDonaldTrump. Well, Senator, when the USA elects a slime ball like Trump, we all get soiled. The whole country—even you. You said nothing about POTUSTrump being a name caller.
So they are withholding until the taxes are filed until next year so it’s the current illusion for the middle class. Meantime private plane owners can bank on a big cut

Yeah, geez. That extra $40 a month will really help. Any good insider trading tips @senrobportman where I can invest this huge windfall?

Nope. I had to pay more in taxes this year,  and had to adjust my withholding for next year. Net result: less money per paycheck.
Next year when all the 99% see how much you screwed them over with this #TaxScam you are finished 
#BlueWave2018
Can you provide some real dollar examples? I mean is it $2, $10, or $1,000? Just asking.

To help pay for tax breaks for the 1%, the #GOPTaxScam will also cause Americans’ health insurance premiums to skyrocket. 
My tax change was negligible, but the debt you created to give a tax break to the Koch's and Walton's kids will last for the rest of my lifetime.
Yes.
It's not tax REFORM. It's a tax CUT for the 1% and big corporations. It's literally in the title of that horrible bill you were handed by J Street.
#TaxCutsandJobsActNotReform
#GOPTaxBillScam 
#TaxCutsforWealthy1Percent 
#GOPCorruption 
#GOPhypocrisy
Just because the IRS has told companies to withhold less taxes from paychecks does NOT mean those taxes are not owed at the end of the year.

#TaxScam
Stop pretending that the #TaxScam was designed to significantly benefit everyday Americans.   And what about the enormous deficit caused by your gift to corporations & the rich? @gop - absolute corrupt hypocrites, bad on economic policy.
I have not seen any difference
Yes #GOPTaxScam in full effect, enjoy padding your at our expense

Driving larger Socio-economic gap in America

Even burying a IRS Obscure RETURN MISCALCULATION CAUSING an estimated 500000 American TO PAY MORE in their HEALTH INSURANCE!

#disgustingRNC #MorallyUnfit #Liars
You're a fraud and a liar, Senator.
Portman has to go he is complicit in the undermining of our democracy and doesn't want to take any steps to prevent Trump from firing Mueller it is obvious that he needs to go #CNN  #Resistance
And almost everyone that lives in a 2 salary household is now being underwithheld. Update your W-4 or have a big bill in April 2019. #GOPTaxScam
Stop rubbing this in!!!

Your Wall Street Welfare is bankrupting future generations....

The @GOP is starving our children with this ...
It’s a scam! We all know it. Now we need to get you out of office so we can take America back. #GOPLies
Maybe it’s time the American people collectively stop paying taxes.
For 5 years then our taxes go up higher than they were when it started. Plus we have a $1.5 trillion deficit adding to our debt every year so corporations can save trillions. Who is going to pay for that? Not wealthy people.
You have a source for that number? Because I call bullshit. And you know it's bullshit. But a lying republican is as normal as having a @POTUS who pays off porn stars and playboy bunnies.

I call BS.
And won’t many of them be surprised when they owe thousands next April due to lost deductions. Millions will know by then, that they were scammed. 

#taxreform
You said Comey should be above name calling. I don’t remember you criticizing your president when he name calls.
True, but if they are not in the 1% it may not cover the actual taxes due.  Kindly fully disclose all needed info.
Don’t forget the deficits. Sounds like you’re thrilled about deficits to China!! Yay!
I’m not.
I can't wait to vote you out.
LIES......All LIES.

It was not a reform, stop with the bullshit!

#TaxScam was a HUGE tax break for the wealthiest 1% marketed as tax relief for middle class working families.

Thanks for our $23 a week relief 

Meanwhile... you doubled my healthcare premiums 
and ballooned our debt.
I got $31- pays my kids speech therapy co-pay.......for now.....until rates go through the roof.....
it cost us 1.5 trillion dollars
How much more is Trump taking home? How about McConnell, or you? Let’s see how much you enriched yourself!

How much more $ on average?

Really? Our accountants and tax preparers are recommending we increase our withholding to counteract your fuzzy math. Only 4.6% of working Americans benefited from a bonus or take home increase.
Just because you keep repeating it will not make it true! What about Lordstown workers losing their jobs, but GM gets huge taxbreakliar!!
@GM – the decision to lay off 1,500 Ohioans will be devastating to the families and communities of the workers whose lives will be impacted.  Like this company, chicken rob that received massive tax benefits from the recent enactment of the corporate tax cut bill.
@GM –the decision to lay off 1,500 Ohioans will be devastating to the families and communities of the workers whose lives will be impacted. It is particularly galling after your company received massive tax benefits from the recent enactment of the corporate tax cut bill. #HeLied
False
#deadmanwalking
Sounds like a threat @FBI!
Pennies for the people thanks to the #TaxReform law.  And fewer pennies in the coming years.
Look at that extra $ and ignore the corruption & theft by your party leader's cronies.  It is your constituents money being stolen.
Yawn
Thanks to the #TaxReform law, the annual deficit will be over a trillion dollars forever. Economists predict interest rates will be at least 0.2% higher. Capital will not be available to businesses. That will cause unemployment.
From Forbes...a different view;

Your "facts" are shady. Bottom 80% of Americans are bringing home an extra $13.27/wk avg. (Or $5.29/wk avg for bottom 40%.) But foreign investors get $47bn - more than bottom 60% combined! And top 20% like you steal the most: $202 billion! Shame on you.
What will the majority of Ohioans do with that extra $5.29 a week? Oh yeah, make a tiny dent in the rise in their health ins premiums, since your boy jerked around with ACA subsidy payments when premiums were being set, raising premiums for everyone as a result. No savings here!
The CBO reports the federal budget deficit will be at least $1,000,000,000,000 every year Trump is president. #GOPTaxScam
It's another lie about #GOPTaxScam
Don't know if you heard but #gas went up due to uncertainty in #MiddleEast & #Madman in #WhiteHouse - there goes that extra $1.10 a week from #TaxScam
Yawn.
I haven’t gotten a bigger paycheck because my health insurance premiums went up in January. =/
A more fiscally responsible senator details why your #TaxReform is really a #GOPTaxScam. Most of the tax cuts are going to corporations buying back their own stock.
The #GOPTaxScam opened the door for a deluge of corporate buybacks that benefit CEOs and shareholders, NOT the average worker. WATCH: 
Yawn

Quit prostituting urself Trumpy. He's not going to let you blow him today.
Great until the bill comes due
90% of Americans are not rich corporation owners. I think you’re thinking of 90% of the people you associate with.
And those 90% can vote him out! #GOPLies
