Smarter of fact, you can take a long walk on a short cliff to oppie
I am missing my turtle
Shouldn’t we be focusing on the breech is Americans information and the fraudulent administration abs protecting freedom and democracy oh and Mueller??
But I still support our president. Even if he is a sexual predator.
LIAR.

Shouldn’t morality and fidelity count in the character of the person who represents American values. For me it’s not politics. It’s the person. They must command respect not demand it. They must represent the very best of USA must be. . Mature. Compassionate. Intelligent.
ACTUALLY, Mitch, YOU and EVERY Congress member that voted for THIS has ENABLED sex trafficking MORESO and abetted the SILENCING of victims of abuse. It’s a VERY PERVERTED game of smoke and mirrors you’re playing with peoples’ lives!
You’re a monster for supporting trump
You are complicit with the Russian meddling in our elections!
Yeah a hackable useless website, Big Tech allows nuts to threaten pple, but censor conservatives.
Still no Border Wall. They come in over the border. Those aren't their parents w those kids. Homeland Security testimony was pretty clear.
U need to be replaced by a human with some integrity. U've become complicit in the attack on our democracy
It is amazing how easily our Senate can be misled! This bill was a Smokescreen based on lies, and you all fell for it!
Liar You made a promise to Senator Collins #liar
see you there! https://youtu.be/yH0133UPgR8  #MarchForOurLives
Support H.R.4924
What about Russia???????????????????????
I urge you to #ResignNOW
Your a traitor McConnell, sell our President out. No wall funding, more deep state BS Politician from the old school, can’t stand you or @SpeakerRyan  your full of #Schiff too
Get on the #TrumpTrain or float your boat
#MAGA #BuildTheWall 
You working  like  Asia cow after next week
In your regulatory endeavors, please preserve some internet content, at least more than #Dotard’s insane Twitter rants.

#regulatoryMitch
Translation:
Thanks Rob for being a @GOP lap dog.
Bark when we say.
Roll over and play dead.
Ignore the voters of Ohio.
Keep cashing those @NRA checks and don't forget that President Putin is supplying the money.
Good work comrade.
Have you asked #ManchurianTrumpian his opinion of sex trafficking?
Please support @POTUS and his agenda 60 million Americans are counting on it.

Russia is right now hacking our systems
Yes.. and after this we will Stop Enabling Jay Walking.
I urge all senators to vote no on the budget plan no wall then close it down!!!!!!
@StormyDaniels
#ProtectMueller
When do turtles  go away?
Retire

@POTUS calls Russia Enemy Combatant Despot #VladimirPutin — not to condemn him for using a nerve agent in Britain or interfering in our election — but to congratulate him on winning an election in which his top opponent was prohibited from running. No way to lead the free world.
Ummmmm...Hey Mitch, did you happen to notice that the bomber in Austin was a whitey? I guess that means he's not a terrorist. He probably voted Republican too
Does this trafficking legislation help or hurt your family business with China and the inlaws, etc? Uncle Mitch, tell me the story of how a Communist gave you $25 MILLION DOLLARS? I know it's family but still, do KY voters know? They will. Big expose coming. Foundation filings?

THIS is a, shall we say, ... "prophylactic" FLIP-ACCUSATION. 

MAFIA --  Money Laundering, human sex trafficking ... Get it ??
It's what is inside the bill as attachment is the problem!  Can you tell what the attachments are? Liberal agenda support?  Be truthful to your voters!
Might what to Look into this. Trump Threats?
I am amazed at how many years it took for McConnell to back something that defends freedom in anyway. There’s always a first time. How many years till it is past as law? Finish this ASAP then move onto finally getting the traitors out of the White House.
What about the wall?/ What about Kate's Law?? What about confirming our Presidents nominees??
At least some members of Congress are working hard. What's your excuse?
You should vote on impeaching Donald Trump who is destroying our democracy and our national security. #IL16 #DonTheCon #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #GOPComplicit #GOPTaxScam
Did @realDonaldTrump say it was ok for you to do something today?  Did you get his permission like a good boy?

Hey Mitch yesterday two more school kids were shot at a school in MD.  What are you and the GOP doing about it?  I bet you’re doing nothing as the NRA owns you and your party.  Get your head outa the sand and do something!

Great.  When are you getting to gun control and univ. background check legislation? There was another school shooting yesterday.  Kids are being killed and injured and our Congress does NOTHING!  Watch the blue wave.
But the Viagra!!  (wait for it.......)
My guess is that some weird funding thing will come up and he will vote against it.  Remember #CARA?
Did you include wording to deal with groups, (say like, Cambridge Analytica), that are sex-trafficking Ukrainian girls?
Yeah that’s great. But @senrobportman has completely ignored all other important issues of Ohioans. Why , you ask ? Because he hasn’t met or spoke with any constituents that aren’t fully vetted and in support of his agenda.
Sex trafficking
Boy, his constituents would like him to appear at Town Halls.
Why did u vote for @secretary_rene who gave Trump friend/convicted trafficker/pedophile Epstein a secret plea deal for abusing 40 underage girls? 1-1/2 yr. "jail sentence" but he could go home 6 nites/wk. @AlanDersh got the deal but was named as a john.
Stand up to Trump! This isn’t about Democrats or Republicans, this is about the sole of our country! How can u all stand by & let Trump attack all our agencies, but stand with Putin?
There should not be even one No vote. Any Nays need to go public to explain themselves. #MAGA
Wow! Just learned on Swamp Watch how YOU sell access to foreign interests thru surrogates for super big bucks in the multi millions!  Glad swamp life is working out so well for you. We people had faith that you were there for our interests!  Foolish us. No wonder you won't MAGA!
How about truly affordable healthcare for people other than those in congress?
#SupportPresTrump 
#ShutdownMuellerWitchHunt
#ReleaseMuellerBudget 
#FireRodRosenstein 
#MAGA
how about the Ukrainian Sex workers that blackmailed you and the @GOP?  #ComplicitGOP #TrumpCrimeFamily #GUILTY
Hay Mitch I just wanted you to know that a retired mechanic in Id is watching you and you buddy Lyin Ryan sell-out America and not work with President Trump to #MAGA. Stop funding Ocare Insurers and #NoAmnesty #NoDACA #BuildThatWall
Pat US get back to the major problem of Putin’s placemats.  You specifically barred US from knowledge while it was happening.  #TrumpRussia


Protect Muller now!!!
Care to comment?  The Trump campaign broke the law by illegally obtaining Facebook user data.
At least you were familiar with a sex trafficker. Did that help?
Support our Military!!!!!!! 
Do you even remember what SEX is Mitch? Since when did you care about anyone other than yourself, wife, the NRA and obstructing the American people
Is this suppose to off-set Trump’s sexual Assaults?  He is your party leader.
Speaking of sex
if ur encouraging them then whats in it for u? hope they read each and every line to make sure u haven't added things like defunding Planned Parenthood again.

You will forever be known for the cause of Trump to happen.
Where are the judicial nominations that you haven't scheduled a floor vote for? You will likely lose the majority in November so why are you slow walking the most important part of this admin, confirming judges?!?!?
Gop liars, theives and traitors supporting a lowlife
Protecting Mueller, gun reform, infrastructure, DACA, rising health care costs, and this is what you’ve got?  #VoteThemOut
SHUT UP... TURTLE-TRAITOR-MAN...
Called portman out on his fake concern. Calling you out too. You stay silent when the sexual predator in the WH does illegal things, Rob didn't care that Roy Moore assaulted teenagers coz he was republican, U still sell viagra 4 the dirty ol' men, WE call U FAKE Concern BS
The Peruvian laws avoid The Prostitution in our lands...La Reina:Taki.Vitalicia
Impeach the Russian now ! 
How about a bill protecting Mueller?
Your words mean nothing.
GOP leadership is obviously afraid of what Putin has on your buddy & increasingly suspicious what he has on GOP.
#GOPComplicit

McConnell we are onto you and Ryan
How much of the $52 MILLN RU-NRA money for House/Senate races did you take, "Leader"? What a misnomer THAT is.
Rob consistently shows poor judgment & #SESTA will have disastrous consequences. Read:
MM, the GOP was elected to do a job for the American ppl not those u owe a debt. If u don’t include the wall in the budget & help POTUS MAGA we will remember at re-election time. Americans are better at remembering who lied & deceived them. Tell your buddies.
You are the key to this Trumpster Mess! Complicit!
What ever happened to the congressional sex fund? You have gone quiet on it.
YOU ARE A CROOK.
Hey! Maybe your wife was a drug ‘MULE’ for diddy, when she was younger and less “distinguished”....No??? Did you ASK her??? Hmmmm??
sex trafficking is a serious issue but so is RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE in our ELECTIONS. What is the #CorruptGOP doing about that? #VoteThemOut
Build the wall Mitch!
Gun control, please.
And guns..... what about guns? 
  
You should thank China for giving you millions of dollars and tell the American people exactly why they did that.
MutiTask . . impose a #RussiaTravelBAN. They're HERE!
LIAR! TRAITOR!
I bet your wife’s family could tell you LOTS about illegal trafficking. Question for a friend? Don’t drug and human go hand in hand??
Good now start getting rid of trump
Just as long as it doesn’t involve anyone in the House or Senate. Did you get rid of that part too, Turtle??

Stupid Turtle 
