You're ignorant and this is a joke. How will shutting down websites that help victims and sex workers alike survive do anything but drive them into alleys, onto the street, and back in danger? Shame. #letussurvive
WHY ARE YOU BLOCKING PROTECTION OF MUELLER AND THE INVESTIGATION????
I think you better be looking at your flipping crazy boss ? @SenateMajLdr ! End this never ending chaos in the House. Start Impeachment or STHU !!

You’re a national epidemic
Time for you to support bipartisan legislation to #ProtectMueller or step down
Get POTUS DJT nominees confirmed
Senate Majority LEADER```exert the Power you have``````
***********STOP filibuster be a Leader**********
U R SUCH A COMICIT COWARD & HISTORY WILL SHOW IT!!!! U SHOULD BE ASHAMED BUT PROBABLY NOT CAPABLE JUST LIKE TRUMP!!!!! NOT A PATRIOT!!!!!
Why in the hell aren't you helping our President with the deep state?   Because your part of it, right?  Why does he have to lead  our country with all the crap surrounding him?   You are spineless, and it would be nice if you leave with Ryan.


Shut up you lying hypetcrit
DO YOUR JOB. STOP TRUMPS MADNESS OR YOU WILL OUT SOON. HE IS DOING INSANE THINGS.
That is excellent. But when are you doing something about the sexual predator in the Oval Office?
You have actively ruined the lives of thousands of sex workers by making this Bill become law, and you have made it more difficult to stop sex traffickers by forcing sex workers into the shadows. You are lying to yourself if you believe that you are helping anyone.
Please take a good nap before tweeting about the #CDC.
Mr. McConnell, you & the Senate GOP need to stop sitting on your hands & demand that Rosenstein end the Mueller investigation.   Enough is enough.
Russian sex traffic’d women and children thru Trump properties and Trump helped launder their money.
How about Russian money laundering?

ALLOW THE VOTE TO #ProtectMueller!!! What are you hiding ?!?!?! Call this SOB’s office and DEMAND he allow a vote. What is turtle man McConnell hiding  (202) 224-2541
Thank you @POTUS Trump. #THEWHOLEWORLDKNOWS you're taking down @TheDemocrats #pimps & THAT'S why your attorney's home & office was REALLY raided. #LosAngeles porn industry seeking revenge bc they can't #sextraffick our daughters easily like under #pimp protector @BarackObama!
You are a complete moronic imbecile!
Pass legislation to protect Mueller or suffer the historic consequences. Your family name will be right alongside Trump’s as the biggest threat to democracy this world ever fought and won.
But their bank accounts will remain flush with unethical money!

There is no indication that Trump will fire Mueller except:

1. That time he ordered the White House counsel to fire Mueller…
How about you doing something ........like getting his appointments approved.  Are is this too much to ask of you?  We the people are sick of you getting nothing done.  Let's  start with Obamacare?
that's bullshit. You just want to put sex workers out of work, but you use them more than most.
Move his nominees along...
Where are we on gun control legislation and legislation to protect the Special Counselor?

Oh that’s right, I forgot, neither of these is on your agenda but cutting Social Security and Medicare are

Your little fiefdom is on track to be the worst in Senate history. Aren’t u proud
Bring the Protect Mueller vote to the floor.
Support the Mueller investigation you spineless piece of shit. We all know you could care less about the victims of sex trafficking
Law enforcement from you and Trump LOL . As you refuse to protect #Mueller from #LawEnforcement The Hypocrisy  from #SpinelessMitch is mind Blowing . Who Believes your BS

SENATOR MCCONNELL, LET IT BE KNOWN AMONGST ANYBODY WHO STILL LIKES YOU that YOU are blocking a vote to protect Mueller, you Russian enabling, Justice obstructing, economy killing, drug smuggling, PR attacking politician.
Retire
Is it now illegal to grab women by the pussy? Asking for a friend...
@Alyssa_Milano
Why don’t you do your part and remove the filibuster rule!
Please do us a favor and resign
You should retire
Defend Mueller!
Protect Mueller or you have proven yourself useless.
Oh no!  How will Donny get his hookers now?
Say Mitch, do you happen to realize @realDonaldTrump is playing my missile is bigger than yours with Putin? And he’s ready to fire anyone that will stop the Russia investigation?  Maybe you should grow a pair and speak out about those topics. Good grief.
What about Russia. you wanker. What about our president threatening to kill people in Syria because of his low ratings?   Do something!
Hey - Listen to #SexWorkers. Online platforms like Craigslist Personals and Backpage help sex workers, especially those from marginalized communities, stay safe.
How about you guys sign a bill to #ProtectMueller? Let the investigation run its course without interference. If you truly are a patriot you will ensure that justice runs its course.
TRAITOR MITCH MCCONNELL . GITMO BOUND .

1. Tax bill will cost what the CBO warned. 
2. We knew that before the vote. 
3. Republicans rushed the vote despite it. 
4. Republicans can't be trusted to govern. https://twitter.com/NivElis/status/984087995233062919 …
#ProtectMueller Or be RETIRED IN 8 months
What are you hiding, you treasonous piece of sh*t? I guess you're on tape with the other traitor, Paulie, right? Good times in Cleveland?

PROTECT MUELLER NOW, OR YOU'LL SEE A MARCH ON THE CAPITOL AND WH LIKE NEVER BEFORE!
@SenateMajLdr your next.
You don't protect Mueller you're done. Are you so afraid of trump that you'll sacrifice the law and our Democracy? Or does trump have something on you that you bend and bow and do his bidding. Mueller goes and then you will go. Period.

Much needed legislation!  However, you are not supporting nor defending Trump so you need to resign, too!
Support Mueller investigation.
That's a little ironic.
Protect Mueller NOW.
Bring the bill to vote today #PasstheSpecialCounselIndendence
MAGA why didn't Obama do this? That's right he was on vacation
#ProtectMeuller
What about legislation about border laws BUILD THE WALL NOW or get out of the Senate ...No problem spending $100 s of BILLIONS on war but nothing for the BORDER
You are next. You are not working with but against the President. You are a nuisance & hinderance to the greatness of America. You know it & we see it. You won’t enter the nuclear option so the President’s Admin is fully functional, you let ML Schumer run the Senate. #StepDown
#ProtectMeuller #ProtectRosenstein
Stop the Mueller mission to overthrow our President!
When will Obamacare be repealed as you promised?
Get off your butt and start approving nominees!! The @SenateGOP is a bunch of lazy old statists who are the reason for term limits. Work 6 days per week until the job is done.
@FoxBusiness 
@Heritage
Mitchface - Every time you tweet it seems the world hates you a little bit more. Go meditate on that in tonight's Ashtanga class.
Why aren't you doing the job that our tax dollars pay for? Protect our constitutional democracy and rule of law by protecting the Mueller investigation! Signed -- Your Constituent
Boy you people in the senate are worthless!
I think you missed a word in your tweet. I am sure you meant to say @realDonaldTrump "...tools to fight FOR sex trafficking..." I mean he is the masher and cheif after all.
GRATE JOB. GOOD YOU CHANGED THE RULES ON VOTING. SO NOW GET RID OF THE FILLIBUSTER ON OTHER LEGISTATION SO YOU CAN GET SOMTHING DONE
parody account
Adults choice/consensual sex! Vs drug addicts making folks unaware of their rights given to them in private probate systems @Disney arrest outlaws trafficking salaries © violations! Don’t need Euro® so why run episodes for outlaws currency scams! contracts not valid.
Not one good word to support our #POTUS #Trump and condemn the #Mueller witch hunt!
Such a large # of ppl affected by this? Really? I know it exists and is terrible but where are the laws to celebrate that truly affect all Americans? Small very small accomplishments are the Republicans party’s and Trump’s achievements
#Ky ant wait to vote for someone who will back our agenda and our elected #POTUS ! #Trump!  It’s not you!
The ladies have LOUDLY said that your law would HURT them.. good listening skills douche!
 same as usual
If I spray you with Raid would you go away?
Wow. Turns out @potus is one of history's biggest sexual predators. Ironic?
I’m glad for this piece of legislation, however I am still of the firm belief that you should follow your fellow House leader and walk away from the senate. Out the door and away from the Hill. Forever.

Resign.
We the people of the US demand that you allow a vote on the bill that gives Independent Counsel Mueller protection from further Obstruction of Justice by @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
a very good bill. Congress needs to work together on more things. It would help the (cont) http://tl.gd/noddmh 
Bipartisan my ass.
Are you even paying attention to Trump declaring war w/Russia/Syria all while you’re playing in your own sandbox, not addressing issues most concerning to 85% of Americans! November will reflect your head in the sand (or your shell)  when WE VOTE the BLUEbye-bye old man!

I doubt that the chump trump knew what he was signing. Where will he find his whores? Oh, Russia... They're still legal
Wonderful work! Now onto gun regs.
When are you quitting?! You're really worthless!!
@SenateMajLdr please follow @SpeakerRyan  RESIGN TODAY. #Bluewave2018
Yes, this is great, but really?  This was your top priority with everything else going on?  Start with protecting Mueller and passing gun control.

Derby week and sex trafficking is your KY senator
Do your job and pass legislation to protect Mueller. #CountryOverParty #ProtectMueller
@realdonaldtrump should resign now.  It’s his last chance to leave on a high note
DO SOMETHING!!
One, two.
Mueller’s coming for you
Shut up..
You better protect Mueller asap!!! #ProtectMueller
Screw Muller
When are you resigning?  Spineless weesel
We know who's doing this and who's been letting it happen.. You should be scared 

    https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DaOOcHvVwAAVijI.jpg …
#2SpecialCounsel.
GO TO HELL TRAITORS!
how interesting, considering how many women the man has abused.
He's a terrible leader and you know it. Stand up for America and stop screwing your Country over with this dirtbag. As long as you support him you will go down with him. Start Impeachment before its too late
Get going McConnell you're a traitor to Democracy!
yooooo go do immigration reform, wall funding, infra spending, trade, healthcare reform... anything productive... anything that the GOP voted for in 2016.
you'll go hungry waiting..
Just make sure you don’t get caught trolling for your underage victims you slimy chicken hawk
COWARD
Protect Mueller
Hey what about protecting mueller
BUILD THE WALL .....or resign.
Yes, Mitch, we all know how you love abusive pimps.
Cripes Mitch - No distracting from the fact that #Trump is nutso and very very dangerous.
Can we please pass the bill protection Mueller.  Bit of a priority.
Resign. Please resign
Please follow Ryan out the door!!

Stupid Turtle 

WAKE UP
Reminder that the legislative branch is an equal to the executive. It's time for you to stop acting like a subjugated pawn and stand up to @realDonaldTrump and the mockery he's making of his office.
