I doubt they miss you.

#Mitchisespeciallyboring
Would have been better if it were you, but oh well.

If they were committed public servants they would have served and went home and been productive private citizens contributing to the American economy not taking tax dollars out of it until their death.  But R.I.P.
You certainly are not a public servant. You only serve yourself and the rest of your corrupt party.
sorry to hear it wasn’t you...”thoughts and prayers...”

You either Fire Mueller or we are going to Vote you all out! Mueller has over reached this time and nothing is private not even attorneys... Who cares about a damn PROSTITUTE...
Ur a killer !!! YOU WON'T BE MISSED  !!!!!!!!!•••
I wonder about their cause of death? Sorry, if the Majority Senate Leader makes a public announcement on Twitter about someone's death? Tell us more, sir.

Too bad you learned nothing from them.
I thought  it said Mitch thinking  God has done  this world  a favor 
Mueller is out of control! And no one in DC is doing anything. What is wrong with you people? Spalding should set up a factory in DC because there are no balls there!


annual deficits as a share of US economy:

Obama’s second term 
4.1%, 2.8%, 2.4%, 3.2%…
This guy doesn’t even have the capacity to offer personal condolences to each family. He tweets a wholesale text message instead. Classless.
makes one think about how they will be remembered. You have hitched yourself to the DJT nightmare all else pales in comparison
Is this your prayers you send?

Retire
You will be remembered as a hypothetical weasel that put self and party interest above the country.





Any comment on today's FBI raid on the office of Michael Cohen? Or are you still in denial of the danger little trump poses for the nation?


#KentuckyTeachers #TEACHERSSTRIKE #teachershelpingteachers #kentucky #TheResistance #RussianRepublican
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
I am a recipient of the Zell Miller Grant here in GA. God bless
Ur a killer !!! YOU WON'T BE MISSED  !!!!!!!!!•••
Too bad you're still here.   Not sure what swamp you are the leader of but it needs to be drained.
How are those rubles spending, Mitch? #GOPComplict #ComplicitGOP https://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/commentary/2017/12/15/putins-proxies-helped-funnel-millions-gop-campaigns …
Did you murder them??
#GOPCorruption
We need #GunReformNow
