You have demonstrated new heights in cowardice and treason. You had a  chance to ensure a Republican majority for life. Instead, you decide to  sell your country and take the "good" job the #Globalists offered, because u know u'll never get elected for anything again. #DACA
Hes a putz
Achievements?  Pelosi and Schumer claimed victory, just as you planned.  You sold us out for the foreseeable future.  It's time for you to step aside, we need someone who cares about America in your position, not someone protecting their own political power.
If you mean it concedes everything the Democrats want and nothing the Conservatives of this country want - you're right. We now know who you care more about. Traitor.
Why do we have to have these massive spending bills.  The House passed 12 Separate appropriation bills.  Why did the Senate not take up each one separately.  Put the Dems on the spot for not funding the government.
Convention of States even got more credible. A trillion dollar bill? Our founders are rolling over in their graves!
Same old $hit. Cut taxes for the 1%, increase spending and then bitch about the national debt.
hello
Oh you think so!  You will loose the house and there will be no chance with the way You Rats in the Swamp are so self-centered!  I sure hope your looking for another job without our help!  Everyone of you are getting kickbacks! We know who's not! Do u have a 4.5 mill home too?
This bill is a joke. Invoke the nuclear option and get some of the things done we voted for
EAD
This don’t do shit for the American people. You’re fired!!!
How about passing appropriations bills for every department alone. One by one the way it was supposed to be done. This President will never sign another omnibus spending bill again.
STOP Lying. This bill is a disgrace and the GOP will lose the House and maybe even the Senate because of it. Every GOP that voted for this should be ashamed. You're total wimps and the people will speak in 2018.
Where’s the funding for the wall, scumbag?
BULL...
Traitor, you sold out our country once again. Shame on you for pulling a Nancy Pelosi. You just lost any control the house and senate that Republicans had. Dems will win in 2018 as Independents decide the elections and you just lost them all. Time for a revolution!
Bull crap & you know it !  PP ? Don’t “spin” this Bill !  Veto or demand pork & wasteful spending abuse be removed.   Where’s the big beautiful complete Wall we were PROMISED ?   You’re approving $600k for a tiny slice ?   @IngrahamAngle @TuckerCarlson @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump
This is full of money for the rest of the world, sancuary cities and planned parenthood. Why are we giving China $20million for development? Of what, when they are economically better off than us?
You and everyone who produced this monster should find yourselves unemployed the next time you need to face the electorate. The democrats will always be democrats.  Unfortunately, many republicans will always be RINOs. A large part of the swamp resides in the senate.
This bill is an unmitigated disgrace to the American people who have to pay for it.
Liar and Fraud. This bill is awful and horrid. Why would we give China 15 million for development??? Why are we giving millions to Egypt?? Why are we paying for other countries border security when we don't have a fence???
You sir- Sold is out.  Your party will suffer a huge defeat this fall.  You’ll have a job- Schumer’s doorman.
The National Debt has increased by $540 Billion this calendar year compared to a $131B reduction over the same period last year

With the economy so good the debt should be going down unless your tax reform & spending are out of line

PLEASE DON'T SADDLE OUR GRANDKIDS WITH DEBT!
Not perfect? Jesus you political a$$holes are warped. Both sides, against logic, common sense and lack all capabilities of having fiduciary responsibility. A sad day for the citizens of this once great land. We’re just a shithole like the rest of the planet now. Good job fukwits.
Liar.  The only victories lately are for corporations
Thanks oracle Mitch.
When are you going to step up and protect this country from cyber invasions that have infiltrated our electrical grid? You aren't doing your job to protect us & you aren't holding president accountable to do the same - you & Ryan should be fired without benefits - not "entitled"
#buildthewall #notrepublicans
Don’t do it. It is a complete travesty and betrayal of the GOP voters and America.  We will not forget.
Yes it’s a mess funding for Planned Parenthood, support for sanctuary cities, as well as Schumer’s tunnel, and how about all the billions we are sending to Middle East nations for border protection!!!!  YOU HAVE BETRAYED WE THE PEOPLE!!!  We need new leadership!
How about a raise bigger than a 1% for social security?
No, it has great victories for the Democratic Party!  Thanks, TRAITOR!
Vote NO in the Senate!
Not for financial responsibility- no wall ??? Planned parenthood funded ?? #VetoTheOmnibus This  is not what we voted for !!!
We are upset! 
#POTUS DO NOT SIGN THAT TRAITOR #omnibusbill NO!
#BuildTheWall #mayMEXICOPAYFORTHEWALL
#EndDACA #EndSanctuaryCities #EndChainMigrations
#EndPlannedParenhood
#BailCitizensStudentsLoans
GRATE JOB. GOOD YOU CHANGED THE RULES ON VOTING. SO NOW GET RID OF THE FILLIBUSTER ON OTHER LEGISTATION SO YOU CAN GET SOMTHING DONE
Republicans & Independents DO NOT want this awful spending bill to pass.  Junk the bill.  @POTUS veto.
Kill the CLOUD act
Really?  Because those "American people" who live in sanctuary cities, or those that are unborn and to be aborted, would disagree with you. We are not that stupid. This omnibus bill is an affront to your base on all accounts. 
Resign, rino!

Bull crap!  I don’t mind defense spending but you had the chance to reduce this out of control drunken spending and you just gave the Dims what they wanted. I’m looking for a new party
FU.
No it doesn’t! It over funds too much that is not necessary... you are a disgrace to your position...
It stinks to high heaven & I don’t remember you asking for the opinion of the American people. I see it as another Obamacare disaster bill.
Why should fiscal conservatives vote for GOP if this is the type of funding bill being passed. No difference between GOP and DEMs
WASTE OF MONEY!
Are you on crack?! This bill is NO victory for the PEOPLE! You non-representing people on the Hill are way too out of touch with the American people! #VetoTheOmnibusBill
Bullshit!
Who’s in charge in Congress?  It certainly isn’t the GOP!  All GOP who vote for the omnibus tax bill should be voted OUT!  Stand up@for the PEOPLE!  Listen to US and STAND!
Planned Parenthood should not get any funding!
#VetoTheOmnibus
you and #RINO Ryan have lost your mind. You forget you work for we the people. This is outrageous. Foolish spending.
How about that Dow!!!??? WTG to sink Wall St.  #MAGA
Remove anything about gun control. The 2nd amendment is not for sale!!
How is it "landmark"? After ongoing CR's, a government shutdown, a bill that's written and must be passed in 2days, and is only an "accomplishment" until September. How TF does that qualify as "landmark"?
Did not know speed-reading was a talent of yours. How long did it take you to read all 2200+ pages? Maybe you should do a TED talk and show us all!
The bill is awful. It's not a compromise. It's a huge giveaway.
Horse crap! You like the self imposed 60 vote rule so you can give the Democrats everything they want. You are a RINO and should be ashamed to put this bill on the floor for a vote.
MASSIVE SPENDING BILL
Keep on spending you own the deficit
#GunReformNow #Immigration reform
Too much on giveaways....remember Obamacare
When is the @GOP going to face the truth and facts about the law breaking in the WH? Right now it appears every damn one of you is owned by Putin since none of you have the guts to do what is right and necessary.
Yeah,  we don't believe a word u say!! You've lied to us with the elitist tax scam bill and you've undermined the A.C.A and now this!!
Nothing you produce will re-elect youNot this majority of soulless spineless redmap gerrymandered cheats accessories and accomplices to every mass murder we've endured
RepubLican agenda PROFIT OVER LIFE
Republicans see it giving WAY too much to the Dems, some compromise is needed, but we don't have to give them everything! We have the majority,  act like it!
No this bill is full of CRAP! You made it look shiny, all of you hid so much waste. Defund Pl Parnthood sanctuary cities etc. We the people and the President are being scammed! Have you actually read the whole bill? GOP is really stupid you are handing over your easy win in Nov.
That budget bill is crap !!!!!  VOTE NO !!!!!!!
Perfect not even close to being OK!  VOTE NO. VOTE NO.  We don’t want the CDC anywhere near the gun violence situation !!!!  If the Democrats are happy with this we voters don’t want it !!!! Defund Planned Parenthood! Defund sanctuary cities! McConnell you suck
Turtle, which American people? Would that be the 1% that always gets the goodies?
American people OR the GOP?
Oh yes.Code talk for..We The Majority Bowed to the Minority to Stab our voters in the Back after they gave us EVERYTHING. DEMS are lovin it
Both parties need to get the spending under control it is out of control
Ryan is trying to rush another bill through the house.  It was just released late last night with negotiations done behind closed doors. 
 That's the way Ryan rolls. Needless to say, I doubt anyone's gone through the entire bill.
Virtually nothing's been done for gun control--some fix to the NICS act and a rider to conduct some sort of gun research.  That's nothing! And 18 years olds can still buy assault weapons!
Mr. McConnell, this is a bill only the Democrats could like.  You have failed to defund PP and sanctuary cities, & fail to fund the wall.  You allow gun control language. ETC. Pass this stinker & say goodbye to being Senate Majority Leader.  This Independent will say goodbye.
I would say so it's embarrassment to the people who voted you in office it looks like you're letting the Democrats run the government go figure no stones! MAGA
There are no victories with this spending bill for the hard working Americans who voted in GOP lawmakers!!! This does NOT BUILD THE WALL!!! This doesn't stop TAXPAYERS for having to pay for killing unborn babies at Planned Parenthood!! This is a BAD bill! NO RHINOS in CONGRESS!
Will not vote for republicans if this bill is passed.
Except I will vote for Trump no matter what occurs!
This makes me so sick to my stomach. I just cancelled my monthly income contributions and am now pulling all my social media accounts of anything political. Done donating time on the ground at elections. Done and saddened.

This passes and I'm finished! Overblown and unbelievable! I won't cast another vote ever cause it really doesn't matter. The corruption is to deeo
This is from the #Deplorables! 
We think you are a traitor.
Bla bla bla Mitch. "Perfect, victories, achievements"... who u selling this B S to? SO what ur saying is, ur taking the rest of the year off to campaign to keep your majority. U have nary an once of integrity.
@StormyDaniels @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse
I respectfully disagree #insolvency #omnibust
Not good, Senator.......

@GOP @WhiteHouse @SenateGOP
LIES from a RINO TRAITOR!

Omnibus Bill Funds:

Obamcare
Sanctuary Cities
NY/NJ Tunnel
Planned Parenthood
100 miles of chain link fence

LIMITS:

Our 2A Rights

Ryan and McConnell have 
SCREWED THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AGAIN!
@realDonaldTrump   #VetoTheBill
It screws over the poor and middle class and benefits the GOP’s big donors and businesses.  No healthcare reform, no DACA no nothing!
What about protecting our democracy like you're supposed to? Why not get rid of the dishonest, racist, bigot in the WH that is allowing Russia to continue to attack us and our allies?
Shame on GOP who vote for this outrageous spending bill that members of Congress have not read!! You guys are assisting the Naked Communist tenets to be fulfilled!!
BULLSHIT UR GIVING THIS HUMONGOUS BILL LATE LAST NIGHT AND EXPECTING EVERYONE TO READ IT IN LESS THAN 1DAY NOT ONLY IS IMPOSSIBLE BUT REAKS WITH DISHONESTY UV'E PULLED THIS CRAP B 4 DEMS SHOULD VOTE NO UNLESS GIVEN AMPLE TIME TO READ WHAT R U HIDING NOW DIRTBAG DISHONEST REP PRTY
Why are you trying to undermine President Trump? You are a RINO and should resign in disgrace before you are tried for treason. Putting yourself and your special interests ahead of the American People is against your oath of office. You did it with intent. You ate Guilty.
Bulls—t
If Trump doesn't veto this bill created by fools then he is a fool and a traitor to the American people that voted for him...
You are a lead Democrat we need leaderships not a colluder with the Dems. If you can’t lead step aside and let a conservative rule, you are lower than a rattlesnake
Every time the GOP uses the word "victory ", it usually means the taxpayers get screwed again. And check your tweets before you send them, Mitch.
It’s total BS! Providing money to murder millions of babies! This is not how I want to spend my hardworking tax dollars.  It’s time for you and @SpeakerRyan to go!!! #DrainTheDeepStateSwamp #AbortionIsMurder
The Republican leadership is an inept sham. Funding Planned Parenthood & endorsing a budget that adds to our $20 trillion National Debt is unacceptable. Please endorse #TermLimits & Resign.
The House will vote soon on a landmark appropriations bill for the remainder of FY 2018, after which we will take it up here in the #Senate. The is legislation that neither side sees as perfect, but which contains significant victories and achievements for the American people.
You must have missed your Typo.. I think you meant to say "significant victories and achievements for the American Deep State and Establishment"

Glad I caught it, otherwise people may have thought you were a weasel.

Happy to help
BUT... is all you need to hear to know Republican leaders betraying us again
Huh? Get real..... I will be throwing more "chum" ur way!
Vote it down!!!!!!!!
You are a suck-up RINO, resign  and go home
McConnell you're so full of s***
How we paying for it, Weasel Mitch?

Goid old fashioned debt,
Another short term fix before a recess last minute ploy to ignore input from constituents if any sought. Another example of majority ruled by minority fur to theft of majority vote eonnkadt election. Party to stopping MAGA agenda the people voted for. You snd budfy Schumer sre
America hostage. No concern for people just party. No consultation with your constituents only those who own your vote.  Disgusting @LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @PressSec reason no legislation start with @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan wait til last minute secret bills then
Use shutdown to pass more crippling legislation and not what GOP promised. Hypocrites liars and swamp dwellers one and all.
One significant change for the American people is to provide free community college and or a trade school for family’s making 35k or less a year.
Has anyone read the 2000 plus pages yet ? Should have plenty of time In between all the bickering
Really. 1.7 b for the Trump hoax wall project?

You do know for 1.4b you could pay off student loan debt and free a generation.

Think of the economic boom if all these young people could buy houses, cars, etc.

Your priorities are misplaced and it is clear who you answer to.
lol... you're missing a few zeros

In the long run the wall will more than pay for itself, with less Illegals, less public services needed to support their  numbers
Brainwashed.
BARS OF GOLD, JETS,  LIMOUSINES AND ELABORATE VACATIONS  FOR THE RICH AND POWERFUL  
CUTS TO SS, MEDICARE/ MEDICAID AND HEARSES FOR THE POOR, SICK AND POWERLESS.
"Rs" ARE SO, VERY, SELFISH, GREEDY AND HEARTLESS
WE WANT, FOR ALL, THE SAME MEDICAL COVERAGE THAT CONGESS HAS! NOW
Except if you care about not going broke.  Then it's no victory at all.  It's a major loss.
If you really want to help American retirees you will eliminate taxable social security  !
How much debt are you planning to leave our children and grandchildren????
Traitor
Horrible appropriations bill. Constitution says you should created a yearly budget. Tired of the massive wasteful spending on PlannedParenthood who takes millions given to them to fund the Democrat party same with NEA and other corrupt depts
Get rid of Baseline Budgeting.
Horrible budget, not what was promised.
Wasteful spending on funding NEA PlannedParenthood SanctuaryCities etc..
Should not be passed. @realdonaldtrump our country is supposed to have a yearly budget NOT massive spending. Get RID of BaselineBudgeting & all that grows govt size.
You're useless and need to be replaced. @SenateGOP @RandPaul @freedomcaucus
Just lost my vote!!!
This is a joke?!!!!!
Shut it down! This bill is an insult to the American people. Stop being lazy and do real appropriations bills. This Omnibus free-for-all is BS. Stay in DC, no 2 wk vacation. Earn that 3.5mil a 2 wk break will cost US taxpayers. GET IT DONE!
You and Ryan @SpeakerRyan are just two more pigs at the feeding trough filled with our tax dollars. I’m close to leaving the Republican Party but then that’s leave the country in the hands of Communist Democrats. You two are not listening to the voters. Are you crooks too? #MAGA
I support military.  we outspend (), China, the 2nd most expensive military by $5 Billion already. Commander in Chief/business mogul  cant make that work? We need new bridges and ACA.
UR a DISGRACE! UR the one who needlessly put Military $ at jeopardy when it could be SEPARATE bill. DEMs use THAT to threaten shutdown and U capitulate!  Just another day in the SWAMP!  Get a spine and cut the spending! Let DEMs do Shutdown. It w. work out just like the last one!
BLUE WAVE, NOV2018!  Goodbye GOP!
Where is your SHAME for allowing a deranged @potus to blatantly snub his nose at our democracy for his own gain?? GOP control of checks/balances is clearly COMPLICIT with your SILENCE.  Traitors/Treason! #PutinsPuppet2
#VETO

Why have you failed to even debate or vote on Appropriation Bills passed by the House? Now you try to tell us the only way to fund the government is this bloated monstrosity “Omnibus Bill”?

#RetireInPlace - the RINO motto
Tell them the only Yes Votes matters.
Along with GOP $1.5 TRILLION tax cut for rich, deficit now largest in history!  You are headed down Bush's Great Recession road!  If this was Dems in control, how loud would you be??  #GOPHypocrites #TraitorToDemocracy
If any Democrat would have proposed a Bill like that - you kleptocrats would be foaming at the mouth!
No funding for planned parenthood, that is a lot of bill to cover,  did you break each one down so the President could read it !  And go over each part closely the American people would like to know every part of this bill our  tax spending dollars are going towards
There's no way that they could break down that 2000 + page bill before voting on it!! That would make sense!!
If this bill passes you all need to go. @RandPaul
This BS will not fly, come Nov.....GOPe is alive and well
Mexico is paying for The Wall, right? Not American taxpayers????
Good luck with that. Lol!!!
It contains significant victories & achievements for politicians who would rather spend money on what everyone wants instead of act like adults and live on a budget.

All this terrible #omnibus bill gives the American people is more debt & a reason to vote @Federalist_USA
And what about our dreamers?
Senator. I am all for what you are saying. As a lifelong Republican I can only shed a tear when I daily see the Grand Old Party cow-towing to that degenerate in the Oval Office. Sadly I fear we will all pay in the midterms for your silence in the face of demagoguery.
And does NOTHING for DACA Dreamers who still live in fear of deportation by you, GOP white racist agenda!  Deplorable! #TraitorToDemocracy
#VetoTheOmnibus
"Landmark"?? More like a sell out to democrats. What Is the point of republican leadership is they cave to DNC always!?!
Compromise? I know it's a taboo subject these days but...
Compromise or capitulation?
Depends on your bias.
2,232 pages - Did you read it Mitch?
This bill is absolute garbage and you should be ashamed. You can't spend money you don't have.
A fiscally broke country is not good for it's citizens sir. Stop wasting our money.  #Omnibus
No DACA fix and no shoring up of the ACA. It sucks.
The president @realDonaldTrump really needs to VETO this BS spending bill. There is way too much pork in this bill @SenateMajLdr it's not what we voted for in 2016!!! Wake the hell up!!
Regular American or just another handout to the rich? what about gun controls, counseling services, school saftey, and actual job programs grams not tax cut for CEO’s?
BS!  It is a giveaway to big business and the Democrats!  McConnell and Ryan are puppets!  They are RINOS!
How do the K STREET LOBBYISTS feel about it?

You IDIOTS FUND PP? SANCTUARY CITIES? And we’re supposed to TRUST YOU? If only YOU “politicians” KEPT YOUR PROMISES the way @realDonaldTrump is trying to! WE gave you all 3 chambers...YOU give US FAILURES! 
Give me a BREAK!
Have you knuckleheads (all of congress) forgotten that our national debt is $20T+??
Bullshit!
Negative!  This bill is a bunch of bull and is a win for the dems and you know it! @realDonaldTrump should not sign the bill!!!!
#VetoTheOmnibus
Listen you Elite Rino, we didn't put you in office to cater to the democratic parties wishes. Give Trump his nominees and don't raise the deficit. No DACA and BUILD THE WALL !
@SenateMajLdr Congress has not even had time to read it. VOTE NO on #omnibus
You're no better than the Democrats. You're obstructing the #MAGA agenda. How about forcing confirmations through you coward. .@realDonaldTrump made a huge mistake getting in bed with you and .@SpeakerRyan. Both have been useful in forwarding his agenda.
What does it do that keeps the promises made by the @gop in the last election? Does it defund Planned Parenthood? Defund Obamacare? Defund sanctuary cities? Does it fund the border wall? Increase border security? Does it reduce spending & the deficit?
Still NO GUN BILL? WTF are you and YOUR CRONIES doing?Thats ok the MIDTERMS are coming, enjoy it while you can! Come January/19 there might be a new body in POWER! Have a good day.
And will all of Congress read the ridiculously cumbersome bill??  I can't hear ya @SenateMajLdr!!
Oh , let’s be clear Americans WANT a PERMANENT shutdown, if the alternative is BIGGER DEMOCRAT COMMUNISM!

Americans did not vote for the Omnibus Spending Bill!

ELECTIONS ARE PART OF HOLLYWOOD ENTERTAINMENT FOR THE MASSES, THEY DO NOT MATTERS!

But have you heard about the Biden trump fight after school today ???

You are out of your mind, if you think this is a good bill. You caved to Dems.
You are setting US up for serious deficit problem. Kansas & Oklahoma tried at state level what you are now doing & it was a disaster. Future generations will most likely suffer a lot based on your budgetary actions last year & this year. Where is GOP's policy on balanced budgets?
Can we read it first Nancy?

The $1.50 a week (3 years) increase will not even cover the cost of increases due to net neutrality 
Which american people are you talking about? We thought that the Americans who were working 4 AT&T, HD, Macy's, etc were Americans but they got pink slips & that is when you let us know that they were NOT AMERICANS. The people you are helping go by the last name PUTIN?
People “on both sides” hate you. What is your current approval rating?
All this bill shows is you and @SpeakerRyan have no spine. You both need to resign. #DrainTheSwamp #killthebill
