
RIP, @GOP. #CountryOverParty 

#Hypocritical #Charlatans: @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GOPLeader @JohnCornyn @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @JeffFlake @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @BenSasse @SenRonJohnson @SenThomTillis @SenJohnThune @SenBobCorker @senrobportman @tedcruz @VP
"principled convictions"?!?    Bahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Thank you for leaving this slime creature in place.  Very helpful to the democrats who put the people before donor money and bribery for favors

Shame on your failure to stand with our President! Stop the election losers hoax attempt to overthrow our government!
You need to take the protection for Mueller to the Senate floor for a vote....or you should be charged with obstruction
Let the bill protecting Mr. Mueller come to the floor for a vote! Stop protecting Trump !
McConnell - YOU have a chance to show your political convictions by passing a bill that protects Mueller and Rosenstein until the investigation is over you coward
China has broken out the big guns in the trade war Trump started. 

They are not using tariffs. They are canceling orders for soybeans and getting supplies from another country. This is $14 billion a year to US farm economy. Trump's recklessness is going to cripple the midwest.

Can't get over the chutzpah of you claiming to stand for "principled convictions"  Your tenure, and the trump administration you are protecting, is the most corrupt "leadership" in US history. No other group comes close.
You’re weak and pathetic McConnell.  You will go down as someone who could’ve stood for something but chose to stand for nothing. You are absolutely shameful.
You seriously have a hypocrisy problem Mitch, get help.
Whatever. When will you pull your head out and realize the whole world sees you for what you are?
What is Trump threatening to do to the Justice Department, exactly? https://wapo.st/2FBkesw 
I suggest you walk yourself over to the White house and explain to the man living there how our government works.  He now threatens to interfere with an active investigation.
"Principled convictions"  .. to raid the treasury and enable cabinet members to enrich themselves?
This is what @realDonaldTrump thinks, yet you won't bring the #ProtectMueller bill to the floor of the Senate even though it made it out of committee because you don't think it's needed? Are you a member of the #GOPCrimeFamilyRICO? Sure seems that way!
A Rigged System - They don’t want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal “justice?” At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!
It's never too late to put your country over your party. Trump is "going to get involved" in justice department. This is wrong and you know it. Justice should have independence as it has always had and expects. Wake up, Mitch.
GOP has done NOTHING, sat with their fingers up their kaboozis for the last 15 months, worried oh so worried that Trump really WASN'T elected, pissed off the people more and more--now you better MAKE sure this fruit cake goes DEMOCRAT or you'll be completely FINISHED
Check Trumps latest tweet, looks like he’s threatening to do what you said you believed he wouldn’t do.  Bring the vote to #ProtectMueller to the senate floor!
Here are the “principled convictions” from one of your very own GOP members! He in glass Houses, Mitch...
What more do you need?  #protectmueller
A Rigged System - They don’t want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal “justice?” At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!
Our givernment has shown the corruption of what we thought they could control.
Muler/Rosenstein have no oversight, rabbid dogs ravaging whomever they wish to devour. They are uncontrolled Hitler Gestopo, Stalin/Mao hit squad!
You best stop it before our government falls!

Take a good look at @SenateMajLdr, he’s just as much of a traitor as the man who’s blackmailing him.
Bring the protect Mueller bill to the floor for a vote
If you love America and the rule of law you will act to stop this unhinged president -
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! “The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan 

Where are the so called Leaders of the GOP? You know damn well that the Left is trying to take down Trump. Are you part of Deep State?

Mueller, Rosenstein & Sessions need to be taken out!
Speaking of convictions, can't wait for your so-called president to be convicted of treason, and your party shamed because you supported him.


Congratulations to Democrat Javier Fernandez who has won a close special election for Florida House District 114.

…
Protect Mueller. Enough of your obstruction.
Why do all the hyper partisan GOP leaders all come from shithole flyover states?  Something in the water in KY, AL, and OK?  Sorry guys, America is changing, and we ain't going back to your lynching days!
It amazes me -- if these things were being done by democrats you and your criminal cronies would be bleating about how wrong everything is.  Yet you all think you can do this yourself.  Guess what, soon everything will catch up to you. I truly hope karma is coming for you all.
YOUR REAL NAME IS ADDISON !!!!!! STOP THE LIES TO THE PUBLIC !!!!!
Under your watch:
Sorry Mitch you should’ve looked up “principled convictions” before you tweeted it!
Are you on the side of the rule of law? -
Rod Rosenstein lays out a stark ultimatum: "The Department of Justice is not going to be extorted.” It doesn't get much bolder than that. But stakes are high, the American tradition of an independent rule of law. Everyone in a position of power must ask: which side will I be on?
You wouldn’t know principles if they knocked on your door.  How about Merrick Garland?   Remember that?   With the cocaine found on your family ships, is that more principles?   Do tell!
My heavens this is rich! Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland.......
You're talking about principled convictions mattering more than political convenience?  Oh please...practice what you preach and bring a vote to protect Mueller!
Principled Conviction?? McConnell has vowed to never bring the bill up for a vote.

The Tillis-Graham-Coons-Booker bill has bi-partisan support, but Mitch McConnell is doing the bidding of Trump and Putin by blocking the bill.
GOP strategy now is to blame everything on the Democrats.Have you noticed? Every achievement they have failed to reach is the fault of Democrats.Yet it is they who took our tax dollars &gave them to the wealthy, & now they are trying to convince us that we too benefitted!
You don’t want term limits because u think elections are form of term limits ?! WTFUDGE? Can you let the American people you supposedly work for know how much your net worth is ? How much was net worth when you first came into power(corruption)?what deal do u have W/China?
Me neither...
Remember when President Obama's former deputy chairman for his  presidential campaign pleaded guilty on to a pair of charges; conspiracy  against the United States and lying to investigators?
Or when his fmr foreign policy adviser pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about a conversation where he was told that Moscow had “dirt” on a political rival & “thousands of emails”?
Or when his fmr National Security Advisor plead guilty to lying to the FBI about Russian contacts?
Why are they calling you Cocaine Mitch?
If you cared at all about "principled convictions" you'd protect our country by bringing a vote to protect the Mueller investigation.
You are all traitors
NEW: Congressional Democrats are pledging not to exploit hacked materials in their campaigns, but Republicans have declined to match that commitment, leaving the midterm races vulnerable to malicious interference. https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/05/republicans-reticent-over-use-of-hacked-documents-in-midterms/559346/ …
Mitch - you need to read this
You have the NERVE to speak of "principled convictions?"
Principled convictions?  Seriously?  Under your "leadership" we have the most *corrupt* government in US history, and have lost our standing worldwide.   Smile.  I know you take pride in it and benefit from it.  Your spouse works for Trump. What conviction does that uphold?

Hypocrite
Care to do anything about #UnhingedPOTUS? -
New: WH Chief of Staff John Kelly referred to the President as "unhinged" during meeting with Def Secretary Mattis, Jt Chiefs Chairman Dunford & other senior NSC officials - Sr. Admin. Official tells CNN
You must be dirty if you won’t protect Mueller.
Principled convictions, you say?
Why is a candidate calling McConnell "Cocaine Mitch"

Might have something to do with the fact Senator McConnell's father-in-law (Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao's dad) owns cargo ship that got…
How dare you talk of political convenience, Turtleneck!  YOU delayed a SC confirmation for almost a year, and you've got it coming, squirrel eater!  And you're nothing but a SLAVE to your mega donors, who apparently need a bigger yacht!  Your unpopular tax bill will be REVERSED!
Is it time to ask YOU about this now?  PROTECT MUELLER
Kiss his ass we know your A DEMWIT TOO
The country has never experienced a "leader" who is completely incompetent and CRAZY! Repubs do your job - save the country & our democracy!


Lankford an OK fraud of Pruitt mold, doesn't give a crap if state becomes eternal dust bowl. Bitch McCuntall, worthless, petty little FRAUD, results are in: 2 of 3 (Mattis still abstains) adults in Offal Office agree: f-ing MORON, f-ing IDIOT, why quibble about synonyms. A-hole!
Mitch in laws bought 10 Chinese military ships. Treason. Step down Mitch. Bought and paid for by China
What does it say about a President whose Chief of Staff, former Secretary of State and Former National Security Advisor have all called him an idiot?

‘A lot of institutions protect predators and Congress is one of them.’ — Sexual harassment reporting in Congress is broken — Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand has a plan to fix it 
Anyone who is trying to protect the ultra criminal Mueller witch hunt  needs to resign today! This witch hunt was never about anything except  for hurting our President and we that support him! Best come out in his  defense now, or youy will not be there much longer!

Icahn bailed Trump out of his casino mess and is under DoJ investigation for his role in influencing biofuels policy. This waiver enables Icahn's company to avoid tens of millions of dollars in costs related to U.S. Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS), a program meant to cut pollution. …
Mitch McConnell’s big con exposed
Build the Wall/Build the Wall/Build the Wall/Build the Wall/Build the Wall/Build the Wall/Build the Wall/Build the Wall/Build the Wall.
Build the Wall.
Is this what winning looks like for the GOP? -
A once-genteel party is angry and crude; a party grounded in respect for the Constitution is now authoritarian. A party that defended 70-year post-World War II order is now a schizophrenic mix of isolationism and bombast. https://wapo.st/2JyjGpV?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.ca090d17fff4 …
I #DemandAVote

Sen. McConnell, you have been in office for as long as I can remember, I can never get an aid of yours to so much as pick up the phone. I can't even leave a voicemail for you! Evidently, you don't care about the little people, until it comes election time! We'll remember you!
I don't know what in the sam hill you're doing blocking that bill to protect Robert Mueller. Do you care nothing for the U.S. Constitution and the rule of law? President Clinton was impeached for lying about a sex act. That's one of MANY things Trump lies about every single day!
I watch in horror, every single day as Trump tramples the U.S. Constitution. If Trump decided to declare himself King of the United States, you all would throw a party and celebrate! It's absolutely disgusting! I'd take Richard Nixon any day over Trump. GOP made Nixon resign!
#ProtectMueller
#ProtectMueller 
#ProtectMueller 
#ProtectMueller 
#ProtectMueller 
#ProtectMueller 
#ProtectMueller 
#DemandAVote 
#DemandAVote 
#DemandAVote 
#DemandAVote 
#DemandAVote 
#DemandAVote 
#DemandAVote

On the tarmac, Chao said to Walker: "Do you know who I am married to?" Walker replied that yes, of course he knew. Then Chao said: "He wanted you to know that he reads everything you put out." https://www.axios.com/elaine-chao-enforcer-mitch-mcconnell-mark-walker-59b96ab4-0fc9-4f43-b420-4d4a9210afd7.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=twsocialshare&utm_campaign=organic …
Why don't you put the bill to protect the Mueller investigation to the floor for a vote. We need to know what the Russians did and how, if we are to protect our republic from further damage.  You speak of principle.  Act on it.
Yes coming from a party with no convictions with a leader who pays off porn stars, wants to grab a woman by her pu**y and numerous men being caught having sex with boys and men. Principled you and your party are not.
Sending your own Cohen to deliver the message?
You two deserve each other.

McConell allowing invaders to come to US through legal loopholes. Weak on borders and amnesty
Time to pass Birthright Citizenship Act, H.R. 140!!! #ImmigrationReform

Merrick Garland
You should bring some type of resolution or something to honor James Shaw Jr. You refuse to bring a bill that protects Mueller, so how about another great American?
1/ Elaine Chao's Wells Fargo deal:
"Pursuant to the terms of the company’s Directors Stock Compensation & Deferral Plan – Stock Award Deferrals, I will receive a cash payout for my deferred stock compensation (all of which is fully vested at the time of grant)"
2/ "Elaine Chao. "If I resign my position on the Wells Fargo board after December 31, 2016, the approximate portion of my deferred stock compensation to be paid out is as follows: July 2017 – 48%; March 2018 – 29%; March 2019 – 15%; March 2020 – 4%; and March 2021 – 4%."
1/ Speaking of principles:
"Elaine Chao, a leader in the Trump admin's effort to inject $1 trillion into America's crumbling infrastructure, chose to hold on to more than $300,000 of deferred stock awards in a transportation construction company"
2/  "Vulcan Materials (Chao's stock} — climbed to a 10-year high in the days following Trump's election and have hovered there since, reflecting investors' optimism that the company's business & the construction sector will benefit from a federally funded infrastructure package"
3/ "Because of Chao's Cabinet position and the company's business, the stock awards present a conflict of interest.

Here's why: Chao could by turns propel an infrastructure plan in the company's best interest & gain financially when she sells her shares,"
4/ "Since Inauguration Day, Chao & Trump have spoken publicly at least 20 times about infrastructure. Each time, the share price in Vulcan jumped in the days afterward."
5/ "Vulcan, which generated $3.5 billion in revenue last year, is among the nation's largest producers of construction aggregates — crushed stone, sand and gravel. It also produces asphalt and ready-mixed concrete."
Also where were you when Senator Tester attacked VA nominee?  Hiding under your bed again?!!  By God, step up will you!
What proposal? Elaborate please!
We know why you will not protect Mueller.
  A Mitch McConnell super PAC took $2.5 million from a pro-Putin Ukrainian businessman last election cycle.
Let this legislation come to the floor for a vote!!  Get your spine and testicles back!!
Change the rule , now.

November is getting closer and your majority is in peril Turtle Boy.
Mitch
No one knows what you just said because you refer to DEMS as having principles. Are you nuts? You need to step aside and let someone else with fresh views take over. We need new leadership. New views. Strength in leadership. Move aside
How about working around the clock to get POTUS people through, how about all the bills u won't bring to the floor do ur job or leave

Your #convictions  got US #Trumputin   ensconced in the #AwfulOffice  

#KeepAmericaGreat 
#KeepAmericaGreatDrainTheSwampOfBillionairesAndMillionaires 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainDumpDrumpf 
#SomebodyGetMelaniaBirthdayGift 
#CaveatTrumptor 
What about putting the protection of Mueller to a vote. You know it will pass and you think it will embarrass your so-called president & the Republican party. That ship has sailed. Progressives will take over in November.

You are the 5 star hypocrite
Why don't you want a bill protecting Mueller to come to the floor of the Senate? What are you so afraid of? Why are you putting Trump over country? Are you not a patriot? 

Four GOP senators have crossed the aisle to pass a bill to protect special counsel Robert Mueller from being fired.

Now, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell must put country over…
I want to make love to your neck Mitch!
You are human garbage, Mitch.
So there's the bribes and working for a foriegn agent @realDonaldTrump makes you accountable #GOPTAXSCAM is a violation of federal laws RICO @FBI call it to the floor or you sir are also committing #Treason with @SpeakerRyan and #treasonstretchesnecks @Koch_Industries #mercers
#MAGA 
#TheStorm
#RINO
#Qanon
Don't preach to me about prinicpled convictions you sad little bought out man. You have sold your soul and the republican party for political convenience and now you are bragging about Lankford? When you start living by any moral standard I'll listen.
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland  Fuck You Merrick Garland Merrick Garland #ResignNow

DRAIN THE SWAMP!!!
(Keep America FIRST— Russia anywhere between second and last)
We demand a vote Mitch

I'm still waiting for any explanation of why so many in the Trump campaign were meeting Russians. Why? "It's not illegal" doesn't put me at ease as a plausible explanation. https://twitter.com/msnbc/status/990168776808255488 …
You're talking about principles mother f*#©®?
Do your job for once you trump sickafant and send bill to protect Mueller to floor to be voted on you are the worst head of the Senate ever
It's apparent where YOUR convictions are, protecting #THEORANGEPLAGUE 
PASS THE BILL to protect Mueller #turtleman DO THE RIGHT DECENT THING FOR ONCE
That's because you have no soul. You and your cronies have the blood of the poor and disabled your hands.

#FlashbackFriday to when McConnell delayed dozens of Obama judicial nominees, even holding the Supreme Court seat. Obama only filled 2 vacancies in circuit courts & 18 in district courts in his last 2 years, leaving Trump with 108 judicial vacancies.…
A Mitch McConnell super PAC took $2.5 million from a pro-Putin Ukrainian businessman last election cycle.
I can trace 7 million dollars in Russian money to Senate Republicans..not counting the money funneled to the NRA and funneled to Republicans..Nunes and the treason weasels are trying to repeal the Logan Act..go figure
bullshit.. thats what this proposal for the change in rules is..More for Koch's and Mercers to shove their crap laws through like the #TaxScamBill
I hope that you will be forcing @SenatorTester to step down.
White House: No evidence that Ronny Jackson ‘wrecked’ a vehicle as president’s physician https://wapo.st/2r3KruAhttps://wapo.st/2r3KruA … || As the dust settles from a short nomination period, were allegations against Jackson overblown? Important to resolve, as it could still affect military career
Says the dark lord of political convenience. Careful, your hypocrisy’s showing. Remember #MerrickGarland
My new morning routine:
1) Get up
2) Feed my dogs
3) Get my coffee
4) Tweetfully remind @SenateMajLdr that he's a shirking a$$h*le

Then I can start my day feeling just a little bit better.
Oh, almost forgot, you're a shirking a$$h*le.
#ProtectMueller
says the jowled  who has zero principled convictions 
I demand a vote on the bill to protect Mueller!
#DemandAVote

Protect them from what... The Constitution?
Article. II.
Section. 1.
The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of America. 

Take a civics class Klinger!
There are 3 branches of government.
Yes, the legislative and judicial branches have no jurisdiction over the FBI or the Department of Justice... That's what separation of powers means...
Do you think that Mueller is the investigation? The President can fire anybody in the executive branch... someone else would continue the investigation. 

By the way I graduated summa cum laude from DePaul University in Chicago, my minor was political science.
At least the Spanish are able to get rid of their corrupt politicians. Why don’t you just GO

The resignation of Cristina Cifuentes: too little, and too latehttps://elpais.com/elpais/2018/04/26/inenglish/1524733855_822526.html
"Principled convictions" and @GOP are not words that go together. But "political convenience" really suits you.

Pass the bill to protect Mueller's investigation. You heard Trump threaten the investigation on TV. We ALL heard it. How can you continue to hold the hand of #CORRUPTION?
