You must put the pedal to the metal and get all of President Trumps nominees approved! Work 7 days a week until you clear the back log. Show some energy and resolve!
Hey, pal.  How's it goin'?
Your the leader over there, why doesn't our President have all his picks in place...almost 2 years in office. WTH are you doing over there?
Resign.
Get him confirmed!
I do not think so!
AMERICA will be better off without you, without Trump and without Pompeo.
You said the same thing about Rex

I'm still waiting for any explanation of why so many in the Trump campaign were meeting Russians. Why? "It's not illegal" doesn't put me at ease as a plausible explanation. https://twitter.com/msnbc/status/990168776808255488 …
Then make it happen we are so tired of the talk and obstruction!
Mike is a terrorist.  He's useless to America. He belongs in prison.
not me asshat. You and your conspirators maybe.
Then get it done!
Better off than what?
Keep Senate members 24/7 until a vote is done and an appointee is confirmed.  Chuck it’s your fault it’s taking so long to get people confirmed   Make it happen
You’ve done such a great job confirming people. @EPAScottPruitt and @BetsyDeVosED to name a couple
Liar. Anybody U or your precious Dictator Trump nominates are thieves, sexual predators, white supremacists, communists, & live ONLY to help themselves. Everyone Dictator Trump’s hired has a sketchy back ground full of criminal or immoral acts. Jackson is another example. Bad 4US
Get it Done 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#CorruptGOP 
#ComplicitGOP
#ProtectMueller 
#VoteThemOut 
#DonateBlue
America will be better if President TrumP RESIGNS
THANK YOU!  NOW PLEASE GET OTHER NOMINEES CONFIRMED!  WE ARE ALREADY HEADING TO MID TERMS AND THERE ARE TOO MANY POSITIONS STILL OPEN!!!
Well, if the Kissinger war criminal is behind him, what does that tell you? #NoPompeo
America would be better off if you retired tomorrow.
The UNITED STATES would be much better off if you, pompomo, lyin ryan and tdump all took a flying leap!
America will be better off if Mueller is protected...
Nope. Wrong again, Mitch.
Liar
Took too long.  @DNC  puts party before country and citizens. @SenSchumer
C'mon McConnell, go NUCLEAR and stop this crap. Trump is a questionable character: so are Schumer (drinking w Soros' son?), Pelosi, and Carlos Danger: but his policies are best in years. Pruitt is singlehandedly turning the economy around! Secret Empires-u, a star?
Wrong!
No it will be better off with your retirement
will be better off when @GOP is voted out
For the 2nd time in my life,  I am actually going to vote in the mid-terms. I  usually don't. Please stand with our President. He has to fight rabid pit bulls alone.
America will be better off if all the GOP would just go away.
Better off than what? If the next sec. hadn't said all the nasty stuff about Muslims. If we had a person who tells the truth about their military service.
America will be better off when you retire or lose your next bid.
And even better off if old gold digging men like you are voted out...November!!!
The climate change denying, bigoted, war hawk? 
#StopPompeo
No not really...we will just get screwed over more
Little weary about anyone you are pushing,
YES
There all great till they get in then the truth comes out! Like yourself,just get out old man criminal!
Why are so many nominees and bills backlogged by you?
Hey there is a r in rino after all.
You know nothing about us Americans. The only way we’ll be better off is if all of you republicans resign. Your as no good as the moron President we have.
He's a fukking WARMONGER along with Bolton!
Like Scott Pruitt in EPA?
Actually, we will be better off when you are gone.
His views are going be a disaster for our country
Welcome to the fight, Mitch.
America would be much better off with a State Dept. 

#foggybottomMitch
Dude - America is already screwed under trump and bozos like u
DOJ is OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE
You need to go nuclear....too many Trump appointees not confirmed...too many Obama holdovers.  This is DISGUSTING and the never Trumpers and DumocRATs are ramping up the insanity.  STOP THIS BULLSHIT
Delete your account
You are an idiot. You know he has no diplomatic experience. Just another Trump chump!
You and Trump have destroyed the party of Reagan.  Congratulations.
No way

Dotard

America will be better off when you are no longer in office and hopefully in jail.
How exactly will we be better off?

Know one cares what you think you already damage the country, supreme court take over.History will judge you.
Only republicans think that...
Better than what, Bolton?  Well, then, yeh.
#raisethestandards
Lies!
"America will be much worse off if Pompeo is confirmed" McConnell translation. And just FYI turtle boy - quoting your own stuff means squat
Stop the democrats from keeping Trump nominees from happening. Your lack of leadership is ridiculous!
Plenty of truly better options. Many many better options.
Which America, Mitch?
MAKE IT HAPPEN!!
HEY TURTLE,WE WOULD BE BETTER OFF IF YOU WOULD RESIGN AS SENATE MAJORITY LEADER!!!YOU MIGHT BE ANYWAYS IN NOVEMBER HOPEFULLY!!!
Deputy Dog McConnell The American people would be better off if you were not in congress or any part of government. You wage class warfare and take away from the the hard working class of American's and give it all to the wealthy elite! SAD!
I'll give you credit. You sure are trying hard. How do you think the Middle East will take him? He's not quite as bad as Bolton but his personal thoughts should not rule the day. A complicit congress. History will judge you all poorly.
USA would b better off if u & all the OLD senators & congressman retire Need new blood N THE party IM a rep not party of trump #Disgraceful

You and #dotard think saying something often enough makes it true.

It doesn't.
Then do what is in your power and go nuclear
Pha-Q
Blah blah blah!!!
Keep kicking dem arse Mitch # never get sick of winning
Your supposed to put Country before Party Yet  taking from the poorest and giving to the wealthiest isn't helping Our Country or People it's Helping Greedy Liars such as yourself,  at Least Ryan's taking the money and leaving,  People Know WE'RE NOT IN YOUR BEST INTEREST!  OUSTED
Meaning He Will be better off just like the rest of You that threw the majority of the American people under the bus in order to fill your Bank Accounts! You Rubio, Cruz amongst others receive MILLIONS FROM THE NRA,  RYAN RECEIVED A HEFTY 476 K 13 DAYS AFTER That FORCED TAX SCAM
Even when he lies on resume. No service on Gulf War!
We will learn the date of the rapture from a worshipper of false idols?
America will be much better off in November!, maybe sooner!

Nd all the others awaiting their confirmation as well!
Says the man who wouldn't know about making America better off if it bit his useless backside.  /smh
He should get a vote as soon as Merrick Garland gets one
If one wants WW III then confirm Pomp.
how about America will be better off if Mitch McConnell is our next ousted congressman.  As the main supporter of this vile excuse for a president, forgive me if I dont trust your judgement
you need to stop the nonsense from democrats dragging the process to confirm ALL OF POTUS APPOINTEES NOW!! GROW A PAIR LEADER!! GET THIS ADMINISTRATION IN PLACE FOR GOD SAKES.. we are headed in the right direction but need to make a "difference" in the forgotten men & women lives
Better off with a Secretary of State that hates all gays.  Another person with a personal axe to grind
Get 100% on the #TrumpTrain or lose your leadership. STOP caving into Democrat demands. Show your leadership - go to 51 vote rule. @DNC would instantly change to a 51 vote rule to force onto Americans their un-american marxist/socialist ideology. America comes first. #MAGA
Make it happen!  You are the leader of the Republican Party! Don’t let us down and fail!!!!You will get the blame l. It’s responsibility to do your high powered and prestigious job!!!  #GOP#minorityLeader #make itall happen doyour job
Not so much.
Pompeo has worked with anti- Muslim organizations.
Wrong. Pompeo was a major Benghazi conspiracy theory nut job.
GET OUR PRESIDENT'S NOMINATIONS THROUGH THE PROCESS AND ON TO THEIR POSTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
America will be better of if @SenateMajLdr drops dead.
You are done. You are finished. You will be remembered in infamy.
Odds say Mitch is an asshole and that goes twice as much for Pompeo. 
Republicans are going DOWN this fall.
Well, You're a Good Man, and if You say He's a Good Man, then by all means!  Birds of a feather, flock together.  Iron sharpens iron.
We'd be better off if we can get confirmation on those staff members we're waiting on. 16 hour days, no three-day work weeks, no vacations, no weekends. Get the job done
We would be far better off without pompous chin man
Didn’t you make a simlar statement for the previous Sec of State
America would also be better off without partisan hacks, like your self, on both sides of the aisle
Lies.
now you're talking
We can't trust you or your judgement on anything, anymore.
Vote to CONFIRM Mike Pompeo,
We'd be a whole lot better off if you would retire.  Please.  When the time comes that you put party over country, it's time to call it quits, and you have done that time and time again .
STFU Moscow Mitch!!
Pompeo does not believe in individual human rights. He definitely SHOULD NOT be confirmed.

McConnell, you protect and cover for Russian asset in our White House.  You can never be trusted again.
America will be better off when there is a GOP purge, which will happen over the next few Novembers.
And we’d be even better when you resign or get beat and leave the WH.  So bye turtle.
America would be better with a wall on the southern border.#BuildTheWall #MAGA
Not so sure about that? Maybe
Why??? Tell us why!

Bullshit.
As ye sow, so shall ye reap.
America would be better off if you, Ryan, Nunes, Trump and his crooked minions go to hell.
No we won't. He has too many issues and if you would put country over party America would be better off.
Bullshit America will be better when you are gone
Not really
Didn’t you and all the GOPs say that also to Gen. John F Kelley? Will there be another one soon after Director Pampeo? Hope not!!!
America will be better off when you and other old pirates drop dead.
#MerrickGarland 
#MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland 
#MerrickGarland 
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
America will be much better off with you back in Kentucky.
Yertle speaks! 
No it won't. And you know it. Yet you insist on telling the lie. #Resist #BlueWave


The claim that Mike Pompeo was deployed or fought in the Gulf War has been repeated by, among others, 51 members of Congress, led by Trey Gowdy, voicing their support for his appointment as Secretary of State. But the CIA confirms Pompeo was not deployed. …



No


America will be better off with out a want to be communistic leader and a GOP team who are his puppets!
No we won’t be.
America is not better off with Mr Magoo as AG.
America will be better off when you’re  voted out! Antique!
America will be better when gop is no longer in charge so Dems can protect retired coal miners pensions and healthcare Medicaid and Medicare
America Will Be Better Off with TERM LIMITS.   Bring it to the floor.  Let’s have a vote.
You should be ashamed of yourself
If you are ignorant, on the subject of climate change that is, he's your man! The Koch brothers say so:
Stop lying!
We know you don't care about "America"  You care about wealthy Americans, the rest of us are chattel in your world!  We can go to slaughter any time!
It could be true, but Mitch has destroyed any credibility he may have had.
And we would also be better off if Trump resigned.
"The Industrialized War Machine Will Be Better Off If Mike Pompeo Is Confirmed".

Fixed it for ya Mitch.
Protect Mueller.
Torturer extraordinaire

Merrick garland
This is pathetic; Mitch Mcconnell quoting himself!
That's what was said about Flynn, sessions, Tillerson, Bossert, McMaster, Hicks, Cohn, Porter, Bannon, Gorka, Priebus, Scaramucci, and Spicer. What's makes you think we will believe that same line now? How many times will trump hire and fire people without vetting them?
Lier
Why? He’s a Koch puppet; he serves their interests not America’s.
Which America?
Yep so please make it happen.
No, no it won’t.
If he isn't confirmed it is your fault! McCain should be let go, he can't work!! Nuclear Option should have been used a year ago!! You should back Trumps agenda, with that option!!!
"Better" how exactly? 
And if you were gone..
Fight for him Mitch!
we will? Just more God damn lies he'll join right in with the Trump lion what is he up to now 2300 lies since he came into office come on McConnell wake the f******
America will be better off when you are out
Oh my Mitch you have got to stop you keep regurgating the same lies over and over and you have done enough damage do everyone a favor since your not doing your job just resign you are a traitor and have done more damage than could ever be repaired. Old guy with so many sins lol
Turtle, how many times are you going to tweet this lie? We all know the 1% won
The only way America would be better off is without the Treasonous #GOP and scum like Mitch McConnell were locked up in GITMO. 
Ur a #domesticthreat 2AMERICAN DEMOCRACY & CONSTITUTION! 
#RUSSIATRUMP 
#COMPLICIT 
#TREASON 
#BLUETSUNAMI WILL FLUSH AWAY #GOP 4EVER! 
#GITMOAWAITS
We would be better off if you passed Kate’s Law immigration reforms and defunding sanctuary cities but you’re to much of a coward
Even more if you resigned leadership for stealing majority from people and allowing partisan obstruction every day.  @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @VP  eliminate 60 and legislate do your job. No recess till all nominations confirmed you are intentionally allowing partisan crap
You're both liars and crooks. We will make this country better in the fall when we VOTE YOU OUT !
Bravo! 

@WhiteHouse @SenateDems @SenateGOP
