Good thing they had advance warning so they could move. Didn’t you block President Obama from taking that action? But you kiss trumps butt for it. Hypocrite!
What are you running for, Mitch? This week’s new found love for Trump is just weird.
Thanks for kind words about the President. You have a world of influence. Can you get your colleagues to do the same and go to work on the wall, immigration, cleaning up corrupt agencies,internal improvement, education, crime and drugs.
What are the corrupt @GOP doing about tRump not imposing the Russian sanctions? Why is it ok for 45 to impose tariffs on Chinese products other than those imported by ivanka?

Oh Wow! Another worthless Senator heard from! Come on Mitch, the Trump Ass Kissing Party isnt until Friday! 
So you've confirmed that 'The Constitution' means Nothing to the Majority Leader! Congress declares, not President. But that was pre-Trump, when ur racism was showing!
And he did it without congressional rival. So he broke the law and you sir are complicit.
So disappointed in your lack of support for our president Mr. McConnell.
Dont actions of war require a congressional approval? 
What ever happened to that?
Btw if another country just bombed something here in the US how would we fill about that?
Did you just find out about this Mitch?
Yeah... that’s the problem. He needed Congress’s approval and didn’t get it. If you’re not going to be a check on his actions, step down and let someone else do it.
Spending taxpayer money blowing up empty buildings
If they are all volunteer...  why do we pay them????
Leader McConnell, how good does it make you feel that 10,000 who were waiting for a SSA medical decision DIED in 2017? 10,000 citizens are culled & euthanized in #1 USA by a Republican Gov’t? Do Republicans kill him off now in #1 USA?
Sen. Roberts office called him and ridiculed him for trying to keep working in 2015, but SSA has been AWOL for him after he endured a miserable hell over 20 years to keep working. Now the Republican Gov’t tells him to just die off first. Sen. Moran? Absent.
And did the Congress approve this illegal act? Is the Congress doing anything to prevent this from happening again? Is the spineless Congress (@GOP) doing anything about the #CRIMINALPresident?

just to jog what's left of your memory..and wouldn't it be nice if the t rump children volunteered?
o
A waste of money. All targets had plenty of warning to empty out thanks to Trumps 4 Day notice. $240 million could have restored power and dignity to Puerto Rico. This will not save republicans in November. Own it.
Will you be threatening him with impeachment like you did Obama when he unilaterally bombed Syria?
And here at home we have Muller single-handedly destroying one of the oldest recognized privileges for confidential communications.  
This does appear to be a "witch hund" by a rogue govenment agent in search of a crime that does not exist!
It’s well known everywhere except Fox land that there are well-established and clearly delineated exceptions to the attorney-client privilege. Why not stop attacking law enforcement constantly and see what the investigation reveals?  Or don’t you want to know?
How much talent does it take to lob a few missiles at buildings that were empty because  your crime boss gave the enemy a heads up.
You are both compromised.
Millions spent, 105 very expensive missiles fired, aircraft and naval vessels used....what did they achieve besides bombing 3 bunkers which may not even have had any chemicals in them at that time (moved).? Should ee bomb a few garage next time? WHAT DID WE ACHIEVE?
Warn them a week ahead then bomb a deserted airfield.  That'll fix them.
The fog of war isn’t any clearer.

#articulateMitch
We need more Judges
Without congressional approval! no more letting trump be trump. Enough! #IllegitimatePresident #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
ILLEGALY and WITHOUT Congressional approval.  Where, exactly, do you plan to draw the line on his power grabs?
You blocked Obama from doing it. Of course now you bow down to your corrupt President. It will all come back to haunt you.

No moronic statements like, "mission accomplished ?" We know you must be completely embarrassed by that idiot in the white house but just can't say anything. We understand.
Go back into your shell
No thanks to senate
And by all rights he should.
Donald "TRAITOR" Trump " and ass-licker McConnell deflect and bully all day.  No one is forgetting your racism,  sexual perversions, or criminality!
Don’t u mean France and the UK joined us in exterminating brick and mortar with a few civilians thrown in for good measure?
While screwing us out of our pensions,and healthcare.
And now, back to Trump.
Mitch McConnell! Now get busy on confirming Pompeo for Secretary of State.
Sit down turtle neck.
Yes, he did it WITHOUT the confirmation of Congress! Tell me Mr Mc Connell Where was Your SUPPORT when President Obama wanted to do the same thing? The only difference was he actually did it the LEGAL Way By Getting Congresses Approval, Which YOU DENIED! The HYPOCRISY IN THE GOP!
A third administration without a plan, just putting our armed forces at risk and congress just applauds. Resign!!
FU traitor
Whats a potus, Weasel Mitch?

Never hear from him.
Yes and the Russian sanctions should be implemented immediately but trump stopped them!  Why?  Where is your outrage?  What is hiding?  Why does he always protect Russia instead of the USA?  Why aren't you doing your job and standing up to him?
Even your news moves at tortoise speed.
And bombed empty buildings at great expense because they knew we were coming thanks to Trumps incompetence.
He should have RESPECTED the procedure by taking his intentions to Congress first. STOP enabling this president
Sanctions please
PURE TRUMPSHIT FROM A REPUBLICAN CRIMINAL .
blah blah blah blah blah
Did he jus said that? Wow that’s amazing
Hateful, disgusting excuse of a human being. #Retire
Snuggle up Mitch and keep that patronizing going
Mitch McConnell please leave office! Your the worst!
Weren't bluewater navy veterans also sprayed with http://chemicals.by  who ourselves
And he did it all without confessional approval
Without congressional approval. Or does that only matter with black presidents?
I am disturbed that you used the phrase "all-volunteer armed forces". Is there something brewing about a draft?
You need to be ousted! You and your cronies are slow walking anything the people NEED or WANT in hopes to stop @realDonaldTrump. We see it! You are a corrupt politician that serves yourself and your donors (IE: China) while destroying our hopes and future. @gop
You REALLY need to spend some time cleaning up the WH. And, led advise doing it B4 midterms.
Get Trump's agenda DONE...all of it...
What was the legal justification?

What a hypocrite senator if Obama had did this without Congress you would have had a fit
Too bad it was a deceptive waste of money.  Syria got warned that they’d be bombed and moved their   chemicals elsewhere, meanwhile #LyinOrangeSlimeball reversed sanctions on the Russians.  Tell me again there’s no collusion. #ResignMitch
Why don't you retire already!
He must go through Congress. Once again, Trump sees himself above the law
The only thing potus should order is a Big Mac.
Wow—thanks for the heads-up this afternoon about Friday evening’s events. Pretty sure most of the world has heard about it by now, but really appreciate you bringing us up to speed three days later! Are you still using the Pony Express to get your news?
Support Trump.  Clear his nominations!
You should be ashamed

Finally, Anerica has a President who does what he says & will l take action against monsters like Bashar 
Al-Assad. And, now, like the LEFT, they'll use disinformation to maintain chaos as Alinsky said necessary to overthrow our Democracy/Capitalism TAP TAP!
BS...Did not distract like planned. #DrainTheSwamp
And why does Congress (i.e. YOU) continue to shirk your Constitutional duties related to war?

#ChickenHawk
#DoYourJob
Shill
Lying hypetcrit
They did their job well....now u guys in the Senate do yours...approve all the nominees. The country deserves better than that obstructionist Dem display. Move to simple majority man! @realDonaldTrump
Lose their jobs police officers guilty of in land theft! Timeline b right there! Can’t possibly b errors! @USSupremeCourt mop floors in those Chevy trucks!Outrageous behaviors of badge placement requirements! 1 failed entire union era! $60 million per day held by outlaws©®
U go chase that bone all by urself!Arrest unlicensed hire criminals as employees @Equifax not crazy cant b police mismanagement services!Height & weight issues!B disqualified at truth! Unimportant doj live scan issues!Didn’t read birth certificates control domains either©®
Guilty of very land thefts!3 country privacy data @usedgov not certificate or license holders!Hiring outlaws to employment services/granted payments to migrants©®Can’t collect on what folks don’t owe!Force closures at Law refund all they aquired since day they got employers
DNA ur hires:birth certificates @ChicagosMayor not complex liars all the same hiding motives! Real folks not outlaws!Say it Fraud it’s a fraud! Let man a b murdered!Never ask i why!Arrest entire county of public services politicians! Who said to ignore real crimes by ARA outlaws©
Get crack itch it’s send in fraud debts! Nasty kind we not friends with frauds or crime families! Charged as crime families! ©®take dna out from all public services providers domain!1 cop errors too many! Protocol now @Interior evict EU for trade occupations are outlawed.
You are about 5 news cycles behind the times. You move like a turtle!
It's not volunteer if you get paid.
If you really cared about the Syrian people you would let the refugees in.
This mission will achieve - exactly zero - in constraining Assad and Putin in Syria. And still no coherent plan for Syria by this dysfunctional administration.
with NO Evidence of anything! Funny how @GOP military history keeps repeating itself... (Iraq, Lybia et al.) It's smelling like another bigly diversionary tactic. 
You are a Clown. Redo your photo with a red nose.
Yes, we all know this. What we don’t know is why you won’t support a bill to protect the Mueller investigation. Can you please tweet why?
Squirrel .
You mean the illegal use of military force? #TrumpUnfitToLeadUS #GOPUnfitToGovern
Volunteer? They voluntarily enlisted but they aren’t volunteers. Last I heard they were paid; not adequately, but paid.
Thank you!
Really???  Thanks for the update....heard the Dodgers left Brooklyn too????
Yeah we just spent a minimum of $240,000,000 just on the missiles and Assad still has capability all these #winning
Like YOU/Congress stood by while gasses were used on Native Americans in North Dakota.  So where do you get off judging?  Your TaxScam pulled on the American People showed off great politicking and propanganda skills.  If only you had a heart,  If only you honored you Oath.
yes and trump stopped the Russian sanctions.....POS
Oh, COME ON. You're  a fraud and a Russian-complicit puppet as well.  The buildings that were bombed were empty, evacuated and empty because #IQ45 warned them days in advance. I guess after years of being such a fiscal conservative, now you don't care if it covers your treason.
While you allow Mueller to run rampant like a rabid dog just step down
Not going to work A$$ Hole !!!
YOUR RETIREMENT WOULD BE THE BEST FOR OUR COUNTRY. PLEASE FOLLOW @SpeakerRyan’s steps...@Twitter @business @GOP @@CNN @nytimes @washingtonpost @TheDemocrats @realDonaldTrump
Will they be bombing us because we kill unarmed black men in the streets or feed children poisoned water in Flint? Or gas Native Americans?
As if "Joining" rubber stamps Going Rogue !! phhh.

DT's GOING ROGUE is against our CONSTITUTION.

DT's GOING ROGUE is therefore ... a Crime.

Attacking a Sovereign Country, for selfish domestic political purposes,
imo, IS a WAR CRIME.
Yes with no evidence!! (ona) one American news is on the ground in Syria and have said that they have not found any evidence of gas being used so far at all,from the Dr That they interviewed to the people in town say no gas. More lies from intel here and the UK.
It was illegal and under UN charter aggression is a war crime. Prehaps if you're so sure of your position you will, along with Israel, sign up to the International Criminal Court. After all you claim to support international law and want to prevent war crimes.
@seanhannity 
#Hannity 
#SeanHannity 
#GOPcollusion 
#GOPComplicit 
#GOPCorruption
Why don’t you and Paul help Trump understand what enforcing sanctions against Russia is supposed to look like.  Every time Trump backs down it reinforces the belief that Putin has information or tapes with which to blackmail Trump.
Your partisan hypocrisy is astounding. Can’t wait until you no longer have the power to hurt Americans.
How's it feel to be left out of the decision? Your boss has gone off the tracks.
Potus spent $200M to destroy 3 buildings. Assad is still in power. Still has access to chemical agents. Will continue to slaughter his people. And, sir, you don't care how many Syrians die, just as long as they stay the hell away from America.
The Syrian people fight for Assad, Assad is the Lion of Damascus and the Shield for Syrian Christians.

You're impotent.
Glad to see you support this effort @SenMajLdr . Have you finally decided to not be a swamp creature?
Maybe he never was... after all he was the very first one in 2009 who said Obama needs to be some term president. He Confirmed Gorsuch, Passed historic Tax cuts, Repealed the ACA individual mandate & gave the much needed $700 Billion to our depleted military.
Along with a lot of other unnecessary spending. He should never have let it pass the senate.
The number one priority of the federal government is to provide for the common defense. $700 billion to the troops was vital. With only a 51 seat majority that’s how things work. What we do know is 49 senate Dems are 49 too many. Vote them out in 2018. 
What about your corrupt party? The party of mobster crime @GOP
And today he says he wants to bring the troops home real soon?  Is the whole GOP completely crazy?  YES!  You bomb them and say you are trying to help the people but won’t allow any refugees?? #GOPComplicit #GOPCorruption #GOPTraitors #GOPTreason #SyrianStrikes #SyrianStrike
As a citizen of Kentucky, I am sure all of Kentucky joins you in praise for the men/women in our Armed Forces in the execution of the strike on Syria.  A JOB WELL DONE.
Nah man, I'm right here.
whats your lead?
Resign resign resign resign
Sen McConnell, we were hoping one of the 105 rockets was going to rock Assad out of his bed! No? Next time!
Without policy this is like a punch in arm. Assad will back creating more chemicals for warfare within month!
I hope you will volunteer, too, Mitch -- volunteer to step down as Leader.
And now @realDonaldTrump is walking back on his threats to confront Putin.  When are you & @GOP going to put your country over politics!
Bombed a building where they develop ANTI VENOM.... it was not a chemical factory’
Bombing Syria was wrong. It is not a solution. No war.
Nobody doubts the capability of the all-volunteer force—they're very good.  We’re more concerned about the incompetence of our elected officials who expend our resources without a strategic end state.
Aaaaaand what about those sanctions??
Meanwhile...
Then Trump allowed 60 new Russian diplomats to arrive in U.S. AND dropped the SANCTIONS! Quit propping this guy who has greater allegiance to Putin than America? What's in this for McConnell? Single party rule? Steps to tyranny completed? Russian campaign donations? Why complicit
Yeah, we know. Except Assad had time to move his crap since @realDonaldTrump tweeted about striking Syria a week prior. Oh and your party is falling apart. Thank potus.

I appreciate our troops, but I'd prefer them out of Syria and the M.E.  I haven't seen compelling proof Assad gassed his own people.  I believe POTUS has been tricked into furthering the globalists' war on the M.E. and the US.  Our own government won't even listen to us.
All that aside, he doesn’t get to unilaterally attack a country which we are not formally at war with unless we are directly attacked first. Completely unconstitutional action.
The U.S. has cut off almost all Syrian refugees fleeing this nightmare, including children.
President Mattis is to be commended. He kept Trump busy on Twitter
@seanhannity
Frauds!  Attacked a free country to deflect from issues hurting American like the fraud trump.  GOP gone in November!
Yer a turtle clown
Hannity! 
This concern you at all, Mitch? #GorsuchMustResign #GorsuchMustStepDown #StolenSeat #GOPComplicit #ComplicitGOP
Good thing Syria didn't bomb us when we poisoned our people in Flint.
Very true.   The dumb ass bitch trump touts reg reduction but allows more of this to happen.  All of the gop needs to go and trump needs jail.
It’s the end for Hannity, your time in the barrel is next, traitor.
Can you please approve these strikes? The Constitution matters :-(
Great job but confirm open cabinet positions NOW!  Do YOUR Job!
Talk to Schumer & the obstructionist democrats. They are responsible. Remember this in 2018 & vote accordingly.

2 thumbs up
You're a disgrace to America @SenateMajLdr
This has been major news for like a week now. Why is this being tweeted now? Slow as a tortoise I see. 
Deflection!
Don't think it's deflection to comment directly on the topic he tweeted about but okay. 
The Russian mob thought they could simply buy the US government, & Republicans like #MitchMcConnel made it a reality.
#GOPcomplicit
#PartyOfTreason
What about accepting more Syrian refugees? #Hyopcrites
Make your president implement sanctions on the Russians then, and maybe tell him to stop warning the Russians so they can evacuate their bases
How come none of you are talking about this:
#WagTheDog
GOP

Gfy.
Iraq redux
