McConnell, it’s time to defund the FBI and shut them down. We elected Trump plain and simple. The deep state is moving to Punish trump and then will come after the voters in revenge. War is coming and the FBI is the instigator. The FBI is controlled by the communists
Asked the Russians, THE F’IN RUSSIANS, to spy on his own nation in order to help himself to a presidential victory. If a democrat had done that the republican party would have screamed treason and “lock him/her up”. Why is the FBI the bad guy here?
Just have a look at the shake down. The FBI collided with Obama@and Clintons. The DNC rigged elections. They still lost. Now they are taking revenge on America. This is war.
Misinformation and extreme spin by Fox News, which has evolved into what is essentially “state run media”.
So, fake news is prevalent then? Hard to tell who the criminals are. Your blind faith in the  FBI and Justice Department is either juvenile or biased. We’ve seen Hillary’s contempt of the law, Democrats, Republicans. Trump was the better choice. Deep state attack was predictable
I don’t hold blind faith in anything, never been much of a “law enforcement” advocate either. Deep state is Russia infiltrating our politics, manipulating our media feeds and breaking into our power grid and the US and our White House not punching them in the mouth for it.
Russia is irrelevant. The troubles are native
Your record of accomplishment is a  steady march towards bankruptcy for the American people.
Dont let trump and GOP hijack our America: Authoritarianism is a Gvt of centralized  power and takes away political and personal freedoms. Citizen rights become subordinate to the Gvt. “there is no longer constitutional accountability under an authoritarian regime” VOTE
Corporate tool.


What??? Really im in another country and you  really havnt accomplished much especially repeal Obamacare and supported the president unconditional. It looks so bad. Get rid of sessions this is crazy how can the Russia frame happen? Impeach rosenstien for
Instead of always talking about “safe” topics, why aren’t you outraged over what’s happening in the FBI???
You’re useless!
Would be different do what you said you would. Act on what you and the president run on. Support his policy unconditional and you will support the voters. Nothing they hate more than you twits  it following through and making things complicated Make it happen
How crony are u ? conspiring w/leftist to stop @realDonaldTrump nominees !! ?
Go to he'll turtle boy!
For stonewalling. Do you want to fix the swamp normal people hate this. And you havnt acted to return the power to congress. ACT now save your country for Gods Sake. You all look like wet blankets that make things to complicated voters thought u
It is a record of dereliction of duty on the part of the GOP. There have been no accomplishments benefitting the American people, only more money wasted by the GOP and money put in the pockets of the wealthy.
Accomplishments??? 
Please stifle yourself. Some Senators don’t put America to sleep.

#slumberland
Accomplishment, this Congress. Funny..
Rest assured, if Congress welcomes her, she is part of the swamp!!!
BS
Really?  You’ve been working. Hmmmm. On what?  The omnibus that gives money to every other country but the one you represent!  SMH. Shame on you.
What are you going to say on the farewell wave of GOP Senators this year? We have to wait two years to kick your sorry ass out DC, but we WILL be sure your obstruction saggy towels ARE GONE. Women and young people will be a force against ur fight to kill democracy.
You knew Russia was interfering in the election and you choose trump over America you will go down in history as one of the biggest traitors
Sir, you are the biggest obstructionist we’ve ever known. You have led this congress throughout this embarrassing era of partisan politics, putting party before country in the name of self preservation. Poster child for what is wrong with the american political process.
#GOPTaxScam is ruining our country
#SwampRat !
Your record of "achievement" is abysmal. The budget omnibus was a joke. Where is the funding for the wall?  What % of the president's nominees have you managed to bring up for a vote? What happened to your pledge to repeal Obamacare?  Ask Harry Reid how to get things done.
You need to get some more done so you CA get voters out this Fall... Not doing enough right now and into Nov.... Time to go Nuclear in the @USSenate to get more done for voters.... What have you got to lose?
No truth to any of this tweet.
We need a wall Mitch - get focused
Cindy Hide-Smith ! Work for the people who put you their! Expose the criminality by both parties...
You mean the destruction of America and our Constitution?   Yeah, welcome - hope you hate your children and grandchildren so you can help destroy the country and world being left to them.
*White 1% only
What record of accomplishment?? #WhatAJoke
So pleased you’re happy to work with your new colleague. Now just Do Your Job. Congress has been MIA far too long. What’s happened to checks and balances. Put country before party. Your lack of oversight is so cowardly.
STFU
Oh please if she don't make waves she will be ok but if she tryes to work for the people she will be gone.
Do nothing fucks. All of you will be voted out soon. Still got O-care still no wall still nothing but empty promises.
You do not speak for all senator most of the dislike you
What accomplishments you blowhard? If I get another “send money to Republicans because we aren’t as bad as the Democrats” mailer, I’m gonna scream!
You are a bad person. No more to say

You passed one bill in almost two years even though you have a clear majority.... and that bill was a tax give away to wealthy Republican campaign donors...... you, Ryan and Trump are a total disaster
And what accomplishments would that be?
Good. But when are you going to get off your seat & reign in special prosecutor, defend our 1st & 2nd Am Rights?
Hate to break it to you the Republicans have had NO accomplishments. You will see how America feels in the mid terms
You don’t work for the America People you work for K street
You were Jefferson County judge 1983?  How do you view term limit?
Hahahaha hypetcrit stuffing money in your pocket all you care about
You mean your record of NON-accomplishment, don't ya, Mitch?
9 years long and counting...
What exactly have you accomplished?
Bullshit.
Make sure you stick to the indoctrination procedure by the book including complete ostricization abd ridicule if they try to be honest.

Oh damn I forgot to mention the dumb blacks who sees the oppressors as being "politically correct."
Mitch, We the People want you to work together with @realDonaldTrump. Stop looking out for your own interests and do what is right for our Country!!
I would hardly describe what you have done as a record of accomplishment unless you think fostering racism and hatred is an accomplishment
She wasn't elected, she was appointed by a governor who didn't support Trump and still don't just like you Mitch and your favorite lobbyist buds..
You don't speak for anyone.

It’s time to shut down the FBI entirely. Deep state swamp it is





QUIET PIECE OF SH^IT!
Just retire and go get drunk with your buddy Boehner. You two deserve each other..
Now let’s not get all googly eyed Mitch, just because she’s a woman.  I’m sure I’ll have the chance to welcome her properly...#grabpussy
Accomplishment? Where are the new immigration LAWS ? where is the WALL ? bullsh*t accomplishments DO your JOB or LEAVE  we are sick of milquetoast weak Repubs NUKE OPTION the  Dems will do it when they gain power ..wait till 2018
I am praying that Senators BACK the POTUS and get things done for our country. Stop making things so hard just do it!!! #MAGA
Go away Mitch you obstructionist POS
Get off your rear end and do your job. Sad Trump has to send troops to border because you and your colleagues can’t get illegal immigration shortfalls fixed. Bill with Term Limits for all Senators should be passed ASAP.
I think you meant for the record of accomplishments for the Oligarchy of White men within the Unites States territory and/or jurisdiction... But it’s ok! We all know why @realDonaldTrump  loves you 

You own the deficit
“...I know I speak for 64% of Americans in welcoming the #BlueWave2018!”
I don’t remember this type of welcome for Doug Jones. I remember you stalling to swear him in.
What record are you referring to Mitch?
I guess some consider a giant deficit hike to be an accomplishment, but most of those people will be voted out come November...
Did all you good ole boys realize shes a woman? That goes against the gop misogynist values. She can learn Russian just as fast as the rest of your komrads but Im surprised!
Accomplishments??? 

Welcome Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith
Hopefully, new Senators will come with expectation that Congress will engage real accomplishment rather than having your biggest stated contribution as violating the Constitution to block Obama SCOTUS appointment; getting among largest proportion of $$ from out of state donors
What record of accomplishment?
Do your job McConnell. You’re a do nothing so-called leader. You need to step down as you’re an obstructionist
Then fulfill @realDonaldTrump’s agenda! Stop delaying it all. Fund the wall.
Need to replace McCain!!!  He isn't even voting!!  Between him and Flake, AZ has NO REPRESENTATION!!  Do your job Leader McConnell and go to 51 VOTES!!!
#StandwithTrump Agenda
What accomplishments, Senator? Be specific?

Retire
The President is accomplishing, you on the other hand, aren’t doing shit!! If you were, we would know about it!!! 
That best include $ for the wall immigration reform & no longer make those born in #US citizens unless parents have citizenship.
LOL trump says he is the ruler.

You should be sued for eight years of obstruction
If you really want to do something for the American people, get rid of the filibuster rule. Then and only then will you be able to get a lot more legislation through. The Democrats are not going to think twice about doing away with that rule.
Why don’t you get to work? Oh yeah, more than two days!!! The President is working!! You aren’t. How come there are so many who been appointed yet?? Oh yeah, you’re only working for two days. We the people are getting real tired of you swamp people!
What are you going to do about the trillion dollar annual deficits your @POTUS created? We are going to #VoteYouOut
All you have accomplished is the appointment of judge (which you stole) and a tax cut for the rich. Oh and rolled back regulations so we are polluting our environment
Welcome @realDonaldTrump @CindyHydesmitg
Don’t you usually speak for all GOP Senators? Because they are to stupid to speak for themselves!! #BlueWave
You have a worst record of accomplishment of any senate in the LAST hundred years.
When the hell were you workimg for America?
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
I’m sure you do.
"accomplishment"???? ....is that a @GOP code word for "We fucked the people"????
We look forward to the day your thieving butt is gone
You pretty funny.
DO YOUR JOB, McConnell.
All you've accomplished is the exact opposite of what you promised.
The accomplishment millions of us are waiting for is for you and your fellow #RepublicanWhores to choke on your own vomit.
Your record of accomplishments for the American people? Name them please.
When are you retiring?
@SenateMajLdr is The Great Obstructionist and a #LIAR. Mr. C urges @SenBennetCO @SenSanders @SenAngusKing @SenMarkey @elizabethforma @KamalaHarris @SenatorDurbin to resist the destructive agenda of @realDonaldTrump and the @gop.
Mitch,, you need to get off your ass and really represent the American people and NOT you beloved establishment!!!! We vote!!! MAGA!!
Hilarious!! Since all you know, Mitch, is obstruction. You have no idea how to govern because you've never done it in your entire life. Same goes for @realDonaldTrump and @SpeakerRyan not a clue how to govern.
@gop has turned the Party of Lincoln into Party of Jim Crow.
Record of accomplishment? You have got to be kidding!! You and Ryan need to get on board with the PRESIDENT'S agenda and not your own.
Record Accomplishments???? LMAO SERIOUSLY????? Oh you mean the huge deficit you've strapped us with? Or the huge tax cut you gave the rich? BTW when is that trickle down crap going to begin??
How delusional can you be? Only accomplishments belong to POTUS. You and Ryan are democrats.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha... “record of accomplishment?” You’re so full of  you need an enema! Sad.
Record of accomplishment? I heard you were taking the rest of the year off until midterms because you're afraid of failing. Which is exactly what you've been doing all along. Sucking up to #trump really got you far didn't it? #VoteBlue2018 #VoteThemOut2018
.....what a accomplishments? Selling out your base over and over again?
Please step aside Mr McConnell.  The massive omnibus is a liberals dream.  We need more true republicans and less democrats with "R" after their name.
Yes along as she tows party line not her constituents.  Give America its majority back get nominations cleared do your job pass budgets and legislation
Yea a certain few people ....you govern by class of people not for all Americans and the voters know it
Don't corrupt her.
Soon to be ex-leader, God willing.
Mitch .. The Senate must get something done instead of obstructing!! You’re really sad and an embarrassment!!!!

Mitch, you don’t speak for anyone but yourself and your corporate interests. And the whole country knows it.
Mitch speaks for me!
I just look forward to you actually working and getting things done!
"Record of accomplishment"? We, of the oft invoked "American people", are largely disgusted with your lack of spine and integrity, rather than in awe of your so called "accomplishments".
Accomplished what?  Getting us to bend over?
Congrats on the $1T deficit due to your tax reform
You have accomplished nothing for 10 years
Actually, he’s accomplished a great deal of the presidents agenda, and a bit of his own.
You've accomplished nothing but a giant budget busting tax cut and a budget busting spending bill. This Congress is complicit in POTUS' corruption...but to your credit, that corruption is superlative.
Exactly how much did the Motherland “donate” to you, hm Comrade
U R a CRIMINAL
Please let’s get these Judges through no matter what it takes
You really haven't accomplished much under your leadership except for letting the American people know just how little you care for a majority of us, your AMAZING ability to obstruct & a lack if willingness to govern.
You need to quit you are not for the American People your for a Communist Nation
Don't worry, by next January you are going to be the minority leader.
This would be a great time to eliminate the retarded Filibuster rule and go back to a simple majority vote to streamline the legislative process and get more done to MAGA
..u freaking RINO #confirmGrenell NOW
No you don't ....
BUILD THE WALL! @SenateMajLdr
 Your “accomplishments”
#ConfirmGrenell NOW
How about you get busy and fund the wall!
Absolutely. There are literally dozens of people waiting to climb over it, tunnel under it or go around it. Just ask the Chinese and East Germans how well a wall worked out for them.
Israel cut its illegal immigration rate by "99 percent
The landscapes, populations and circumstances are in no way comparable.  In addition the making of Israel into a police state with apartheid is hardly something to be emulated.

Don't get too close. She's done November 6, 2018
That's nice.  Now, why don't you just resign now and live off the #NRAbloodmoney you took? You are a horrible person.
The American people want you to resign or die.

You don't know the meaning of working together or accomplishment, all you accomplished was holding up judicial appointments under Obama, so you could cry about how they're not going fast enough under Trump. #ControlFraud is your MO
you're out
So is Cindy...
#GOPCorruption
Has she been vetted by #Putin?
What accomplishment???
Accomplishment? 
Looking forward to 2018 so we can drain the swamp!
youre a big government hack
Gun control now
We need #GunReformNow
