This is the same Barbara Bush who didn't understand how any woman could vote for @realDonaldTrump. Just wanted to remind you of that little tid-bit.
And Trump is so uncouth !!!        “I'll never beat that record!' Trump ends tribute to Barbara Bush with joke about her 73-year marriage

Too bad the country don’t love you traitor. I believe she would tell you about how bad you are. Good Lady.
Maybe you should also be mourning, with the American people, the destruction of our democracy that you have helped in so many ways during the last few years.
Too bad yours isn't.
She wants u to go to hell for letting Trump ruin the @GOP
She can come back, but you got to go.
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#CorruptGOP 
#ComplicitGOP
#ProtectMueller 
#VoteThemOut 
#DonateBlue


We need more Americans like Mrs. Bush a women with Godly values
Agree. Why not act more like Barbara Bush and do the right thing for our Country rather than your Party. #ProtectOurDemocracy
Nice words for a lovely woman. How will your life be defined Mitch? You’re on your way to being known as the man who enabled an aspiring Dictator, just to secure your own ends.
Barbara would be behind the buzz going around. Impeach McConnell! You are destroying the GOP the party she loved and fought for. May she Rest In Peace Knowing whispering has started about possibly starting your impeachment!  You are losing your own party.  Eyes are wide open now!
Then Start Acting Like You CARE ABOUT THIS COUNTRY & ALL THE AMERICAN PEOPLE & PROTECT MUELLER & ROSENSTEIN!
We as a nation are saddened by Mrs. Bush death.  You will not be remembered as a Patriot.  Get out NOW.
http://WarCriminalsWatch.org 
Too bad the condolences that came from the White House had the wrong year on it
You need to try to love your country , the whole country sir. All that encompasses and define American and Americans. No matter if I disagreed with their politics I always thought the people who won elections loved America. I think you guys are pledging elegance to trump
I bet she was ashamed of you, and what you've done to the Republican party, and her beloved country.
Then again, on your passing...the smallest violin will accompany the largest champagne bottle for many
“I don’t know how women can vote for him.”  Barbara Bush quote on Trump
She didn’t love your ethics.
Barbara Bush loathed spineless toadies and Vichy puppets. She likely did not like you at all.
That’s the only thing you’ve said that I actually agree with.  It’s a shame you don’t love your country or the citizens who pay your salary.
Agreed with others here, Mitch. You sold out the Republican Party of Reagan and Bush for the new Republican Party of Trump and Putin. You really shouldn’t be paying homage to those you stabbed in the back to keep power.
You’re not fit to mention her name! You’re filth!
#ProtectMueller or are you complicit & protecting yourself? Something stinks & you are a part of the coverup. #ShadyGOP
http://rense.com/general69/eVE.HTM … Huh?
no you wont because you are a traitor you support a lying immoral con man and Barabara Bush saw right through trump....
U THINK u r mighy, & in a position of representation. But DON'T DARE speak 4 me on this.

Married 2 the son of Prescott Bush who collusioned w/ the Nazi party.

Married 2 Bush Sr. who peddled the NWO. His story of jumping out of jet contradicts others.

Jr. led false flag: Iraq.
Your life will be defined by corruption, lies and obstruction. Oh and looking like a .
U r a despicable treasonous hack w no moral compass. U, your spineless buddy, @SpeakerRyan & @realDonaldTrump  have undermined the political process & sanctity of our government & faith of American ppl. U don't deserve to utter Mrs. Bush's name. Do your job #ProtectMueller
Unlike you who have become a traitor to the rule of law, the Constitution and our Country. Such a disgraceful Senator. It will catch up to you and all your years in Senate will be tainted.
Finally, something on which we can agree.
There’s no doubt she passed away knowing you for what you are: a cowardly, corrupt, greedy hack with no love of country. You couldn’t live up to her in a million lifetimes.
Take her name out of your mouth, you twisted sack of treason. You have no right.
Save it, #Traitor
Tell it to Russia
Barbara Bush died knowing that the Current Republican Party were a group of Corrupt Traitors & Grifters who sold their Values & Soul for Foreign Russian Money & Power.   She died disgusted by your actions McConnell and every American knows it.  The Shame that you have wrought.
You can’t even carry her water, Yertle. No cred. She’s tell you what for by laying down with your boy Trumputin. 
What did she say about Trump?
  Wasn't she able to speak for herself?
When your gone people will celebrate you - Putin’s people in Russia .
Read the comments about her, then weep. None of these things will ever be spoken of you.
You, on the other hand, are not capable of feeling love...you are hollow and despicable.
If @LindseyGrahamSC @ThomTillis & @ChuckGrassley want to they can force @SenateMajLdr to bring it to the floor. He doesn't have a majority without them. 
#SimpleMath 
#DitchMitch
We would LOVE for you to LOVE our country and 

allow a vote 
to protect theMueller investigation.  
—America 
    

#doSomethingMitch 
#doingNothingforAmerica
Sadly Mitch, people won't have many nice things to say about you.
Hey turtle man, I bet you $1000 that Barbara Bush would have voted to protect Robert Mueller.
You look more a pallbearer than eulogist. Just a sincerely objective statement of fact.

#scentimentalMitch
You have to be human to mourn. Sorry, you're not one of us.
Couldn’t agree more . She and her husband were a class act. So sad to think what we have in the Oval Office now compared to then. Makes me want to cry.
And yet she hated @realDonaldTrump - good judge of character.
no comment #nocomment
Love our country and democracy enough to protect it! Protect Meuller investigation.
Oh come on now... he doesn't love it THAT much...he could lose some money and power if he were to do a rational thing like that. He's a Ideological Clinger they never open their minds
What will your life be defined by? Love of power? Tax cuts? Money? Your party?

TRAITOR!
Just FYI Sen McConnell, as it stands now you'll not be remembered at a Mrs Bush level. Yes, you're in the fray and she was not but one can't help believe that you can and should do more to stand up for American values of honesty and integrity when they are clearly under attack.
You stand united with the almighty dollar and nothing else.
Too bad your life isn’t.
You can’t possible love your country! Additionally I believe You are committing treason by blocking a vote on Mueller. Do your patriot duty!
Your refusal to protect the special counsel is a monstrous violation of protection for our constitution and the rule of law!
Too bad McConnell doesn't share Barbara Bush's love of country & dedication to public service. He shames the Republican party she so respected. McConnell acts to maintain power & control at expense of country. Opposite of her values!
No one will write anything favorable about you and your so-called leadership. You will go down in history as the leader of the complicit Congress.
BUSH has died !  and GEORGE W BUSH is not free from his troubles, not done with the oddity War Job, do it after and before 911 War Day.   Treatment is bad.  Agents uproar w a treason act right away, are arrested but harm can happen. She had wrists tied to the mirror & jogged/car
Save your country
That was back in the old days, when GOP still stood for family values, decency & morals.  Those days are over and far removed. Now the GOP supports a liar, pedophiles, a wife beater.  The admin. is wasting money by the barrel on 1st class flights, phone booths, $31,000 dinette...
She didn’t like you.
Your life, Senator, is defined by corruption.
So you haven’t always looked like a turtle?! Fascinating!
Unlike what your legacy will look like!  #shitholesenator
Mitch the obstructionist a fail leader
You aren't fit to be in her airspace.
I wish you loved your country like she did. Praying that you will change your heart
She loved our country much much more than you.
Yes she was EVERYTHING @GOP, #REBUPLICANS are NOT
geez u have been around a long time ... maybe you should follow what the 1st POTUS did and leave office
You aren't fit to have scraped the dog doo off the bottom of her shoes!
nice
Your legacy and that of Trump will be that of liars and thieves!
Barbara Bush and President George HW Bush are American patriots and heroes that saw the end of communism and death of Soviet Union @SenateMajLdr is the propaganda mouthpiece of Vladimir Putin sad!
And someday you’re legacy will be that you loved.  You loved your country. You just happneded to love your party more.
And yet now you denigrate the platform she honorably helped build with cowardice and complicity. You don’t get to weigh in on integrity.

I remember Ralph Stanley, the grandfather of bluegrass. He did NOT kill half a million people in an illegal war to privatize oil for personal profit.
And she was smart enough to hate Donald Trump.
We mourn the fact we currently have @realDonaldTrump and @flotus who don't deserve to be called human let alone be in the White House.
Bar and a turtle.  The turtle grew to be one of the most corrupt politicians ever.
And she thought the current POTUS was deplorable. A woman with taste. #zombieapocalypse #fakechristians

Sad news for Bush's family may her soul rest in peace
Like I said...... #TreasonTurtle

Hypocrite protecting a traitor. Karmas a bitch
Memory Eternal.
You will be remembered as ruining America.
She also love Planned Parenthood!
No she didn’t
Yes she did
Good.
True regarding Mrs Bush. You must not love our country or you’d protect Robert Mueller. #Mueller #ImpeachTrumpNow
Mrs. Bush loved her country, Mitch does not! Anyone supporting Trump is a traitor.
Why you will not put down legislative to stop Robert  Mueller from getting fired
So why don’t you love your country? #ProtectMueller
You and your current corrupt , and amoral administration diminish their legacy irreconcilably.
I hope that when all the
Dinosaurs Like u r gone
Mabye the world will b
At peace.
Right now the only God
U have is the God of
 that's why u need
2 kill,destroy,pillage
& steal the natural
Resorses of all the 
Civilizations the U.S.
Invades on phony or
Fake news excuses
POS TRAITOR
Perhaps this is why you don't want to protect Mueller?   You are a paid tool.
Mitch McConnell's super PAC took $1 million in 2017 from Russian born billionaire who made a large portion of his money under Putin in Russia. He's taken $2.5 million in total from the same Russian. #DitchMitch …
You are one slimey, no good, S.O.B.

The fact that people can't avoid making this about Trump should tell you something Mitch.  Take the hint.
Her legacy is a shingles example. Unlike your will be a traitor and corrupt person. #ProtectMueller
Mr. McConnell I remind you of Mrs. Bush's views on President Trump.  A woman of her caliber could not be wrong.  Support her by doing what is right for Americans and impeach #liarinchief.
An example you should strive to emulate, unfortunately you can’t even come close no matter how hard you try...
Protect Mueller
STOP TRUMP
And your life is defined by increased by polarization and hate. Go figure.
#ProtectMueller or #ResignNOW
"She loved her country." And you do not. You love power and money.

If we lived in "Perfect", you'd be in prison right now. 
I doubt words from the most hated man in the universe who helped destroy the GOP and USA will bring her family, party or country any comfort.  YOU defile everything SHE represented.  You allowed and foster #TrumpTreason every day. #Traitor
Yes, she loved her country unlike you that works to destroy it.  We remember what god was about but not now!
Yes, and the best way to honor her love of this country is to #ProtectMueller
MOURNING LOSS MY FUCKEN ASS , YOU ARE SO FULL OF SHIT.
MY LOYALTY IS NOT WITH A BUNCH OF TYRANT GREED WAR MONGORING BIGOTS LIKE YOU ITS FOR THE PEOPLE THAT HAVE BEEN BLIND SIDED BY YOUR BOMBS AND DISMEMBERING OF SOLDIERS AND FAMILIES
She despised Trump - you stand with Trump so you disrespect her. McConnell you want to show this Great Woman the Respect and Love she so deserves then change your ways and stand for America not for Trump
Nicest thing you’ve said in 18 months
The same won't be said about you @SenateMajLdr   How does that make you feel? Can you still feel?
FUCK YOU AND YOUR LIES MCCONNELL NO THE ENTIRE COUNTRY DOES NOT STAND BEHIND YOUR TYRANT ASS NOR THE BUSHES LYING ASSES.
MAY YOU BURN IN HELL AS SHE IS ALREADY IN
Good luck with heaven evil one
Too bad you don't have love for country
We won’t be saying this at your passing... your legacy will be you didn’t have the balls to stand up for America...wondering what trump has on you? Your wife needs employment?
Sean Hannity makes more US policy than you do. How does that make you feel?
She was against you too !! RAT !!
To bad your life will be defined the murder of millions of innocent children,vets,elderly, disabled and poor. You lie about you feelings toward her because she would spit in your eye at the corruption you embrace!


When-you-pause-for-a-moment-you-realize-the-Kindness-Empathy-Class-and-Dignity-that-each-member-of-the-Bush-family-learned-and-carried-themselves-with-from-their-parents-especially-their-Mom

But-Now-the-GOP-supports-a-Classless-Monster-named-#Trump

#Impeach45

#RIPBarbaraBush
Their ‘compassionate conservatism’ is sadly missing under your leadership. Greed and hunger for power and money is destroying the Republican Party.
Nothing you say Matters not even about Barbara Bush who if she could get 2 you Would Slap you Aside your Head & ask U what is Wrong With U to Support Such A FOOL LIKE trump 
She did not Approve of trump one bit 
Did he tell U if you didnt do what he wants he would FIRE YOUR WIFE

 

Boycott #KochBrothers @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan 401k source.
HONOR #BarbaraBush for what she stood for first and foremost: DOING THE RIGHT THING.  HONOR her voice of being the conscious of right and truth.

I challenge you.

As much as you've done over the last 3 years to undermine our institutions, you don't deserve to speak her name.
History will remember you as just another partisan hack, like Joseph McCarthy.
My hope for Mrs. Bush is that her last thoughts were entirely of the love for her family, and not that her beloved country is now being fucked by the traitor squatting in our White House and by the likes of you & the whole of the @GOP .
Stupid thing to say at this time . Of course she was only  if her family
Pretty certain she would agree you should do your job and #ProtectMueller #Fact
She didn’t like our current potus.  Smart lady!  #RIPBarbaraBush
She was a gracious First Lady who raised a president and a governor and never had a whisper of scandal to her name.
This you bro?
Mitch McConnell's super PAC took $1 million in 2017 from Russian born billionaire who made a large portion of his money under Putin in Russia. He's taken $2.5 million in total from the same Russian. #DitchMitch …
She was an amazing woman.  May she RIP. I wonder what she would say to you today.  I imagine she might ask what happened to you?  Why have your values changed? Where is your love of country? Why have you become a complicit obstructionist?
You've shown Joy of Living to us all, hugs & thank you for being you, Rest in Peace Barbara Bush ..Condolences to your family and many friends in this world!  @JebBush @GeorgeHWBush @bushofficial @TheBushCenter

You have destroyed the party she helped build! You are a disgrace! At least she had the bravery to stand up to Trump’s lies.
This is the only thing we agree on. Retire
Damn you actually had a neck back then...  that aside I'm sure she was disappointed in the partisan hack you devolved to forever sullying her pride in a party her integrity and class helped to build...
Please Resign.
You have never known regret like the kind that’s coming for you.

You will regret your treason.

You will regret your cowardice.

You will regret supporting the broke bald bitch Russian asset.

You will regret. 

And we won’t forget.
You are defined by hate.

I wanna know why he will not legislative to come up for a vote to stop Robert Mueller from being fired

if only you loved the country as much as she did.
do NOT block the Mueller vote!
Well if Trump does fire Mueller I guess Mitch McConnell could then be arrested for conspiracy against the United States?
Meet 19 women who claim affairs with Trump or accuse him of unwanted advances https://usat.ly/2GLOS4N  via @usatoday
She was so ashamed of you and the entire GOP and your enabling of a corrupt and incompetent trump
EF off Turtle man

Class-vs-Classless
Bushes-vs-Trumps

as-obvious-as-that
