U r a joke. He is like putting fox in hen house.
Right It's no better than putting Scott Pruitt as head of the EPA when he's been an advocate of dismantling the EPA for years! But, I guess you needed someone in there too deregulate all the good laws that have helped our cities breath clean air again & stopped killing things off
EPA needs to be dismantled. It is a corrupt political mess and a waste of tax dollars.
Sorry, I don't agree with that. Most of the regulations are because of the things we were doing that was destroying wildlife and our own air and water.
That real nice MCConnell that you really care for the environment by putting in a coal lobbyist as the head of the epa I hope you are happy that you are ruining the EARTH and May God have mercy on your Soul.I am guessing yo dont givea shit because you think God will save u.

I love it!!!
You are the problem Mitch! The stupid Senate rules are what is holding everything up, change them!
yes, Big Coal approves his qualifications.  you really have ZERO regard for the environment, don't you?
..go to hell Mitch...
Why don't you just use the Nuclear Option here?
You and your colleagues will rot in jail.

LMFAO!!!
Traitor.
What about that grifter Pruitt? Do something you waste of space. You should have died of Polio.
Merrick Garland
Another swamp lobbyist.

Sick
Time to retire. Stop destroying America.
He is a wretched, biased, coal lobbyist.  As usual you take the wrong path.  Your legacy will be shameful.
Merrick Garland waited too thanks to you so keep waiting...
McConnell is a SADIST! Handing environmental protections over to DIRTIEST ENERGY SOURCE KNOWN! Kentucky leads entire country in number of PREMATURE EARLY DEATHS! Wonder why?
Pruitt is your guy for the GOP new Environmental UnProtection Agency.
You can confirm all the nominees if you'll just man up!!!!!!!!
right, just what American needs..a coal man who has no regard for the environment.
MM, there hasn’t been a truly “qualified” person fill a position in this admin yet. And you are a main reason for our lack of viable applicants. No one with any integrity wants to be associated with what’s happening in our capitol.
And the coal lobby LOVES him!!!! Such a great gift to polluters he would be.
EPA is not agricultural, correct? He is a lobbyist for the coal industry which is fine but the fox should not be in charge of the chicken coop.
#MerrickGarland and Karma!
#persiangulf #persian_gulf #iran_is_great #IamICAN #FreeAhedTamimi
After Trump  is gone you are next
blocking #CheetoJesus nominees is the Dems #FinestHour. Why you gagging so? It worked for you, didn't it?
Tough shit you terrorist.  Stole a supreme court seat and you won't allow vote on bill protecting Mueller..all so you can protect your unqualified wife's job.  You just moved up to 2nd spot on the baseball team.
Oh, please, don't even go there after what y'all did to President Obama.  Stop with the blame game and get to work.  Y'all are a lot worse than the 6th graders I taught. Get a grip.
Merrick Garland you evil evil man
You vile hypocrite. Merrick Garland. You view it as your victory, but it’s a stain on democracy.
As the EPA slowly sinks and dies.
Bi-Partisan praise! So he’s SWAMP garbage! Do nothing Corporate Shill! Obama policy lover!
#MerrickGarland
You seem breathless. 

#excitedMitch
Piss off, Turtle!!
Fire Pruitt he’s a crook
Merrick Garland.
#MerrickGarland
You sat on a qualified Supreme Court nominee for a year. Go fuck yourself.
Wrong!!

Merrick Garland
He’s a coal lobbyist. He is conflicted.
Eventually Senator if you allow this to continue, it will be equally your fault.
How many $MILLIONS will HE spend on his personal army?
Shut it, Traitor. No one cares. We’re getting ready to tear down the house that Trump tried to build without our approval. Big mistake Mitchie, big mistake. You’re going down with him now. #Mueller
Can’t get past your title, Leader?
Well I think he’s going to need to “ wait until the next president’s sworn in”, cause your buddy is a lame Dick at this point by your definition.
Ooooops  Duck not Dick .... lololo
Either way works.
No one believes a word out of your spineless, lying, crooked body. You are a partisan hack. The clock is ticking on you!
You’re a coward, and America is worse for it. Your leadership has failed us.
Merrick Garland says hello
This makes no sense.  Has bipartisan support yet is blaming Dems for holding it up.  If he is supported on both sides, then there is no hold up.  Playing to an eroding base, hoping to stop the exodus can be the only answer.
Too cool for you
You should remove leader from your title on Twitter
Merrick Garland waited a long, long time. He was more than qualified and won the praise of many organizations unlike many of the unqualified judges you've foisted on the country. Andrew Wheeler has no business in the @EPA.
When are you leaving?
You are absolutely horrible & evil
You have got to be kidding.  Does the name Merrick Garland ring a bell???  #Hypocrite
Hypocrite.
What's the phrase everyone is looking for here? Is it "Go Fuck Yourself"? Indeed it is... so sayeth Merrick Garland...
merrick garland
Merrick Garland

Hey, Mitch, had anyone mentioned Merrick Garland yet?
Please, Yertle the Turtle. You invented this game!
So was Merrick Garland, you cynical,  soulless, craven piece of garbage.
Qualifications?? Show us you BRUTE! One is OUT! 2 more to go!
Now put country first for a change & protect Mueller & rule of law.
It sucks when your game is played on you, doesn't it? And anyone willing to serve under Pruitt deserves an extensive review- like another 3 years under the microscope.
They’ll get to him right after you finish with Merrick Garland, you turkey-necked traitor.
You are a fine one to point a finger. You manipulated rules stealing a Supreme Court appointment from a highly qualified individual. Name is Garland Incase it slips your mind. You & GOP will in November understand what America thinks of about your conduct.
Come 11/2018, you won't
have to worry about these
things anymore, @SenateMajLdr #MitchMcConnell! @SenSchumer will be #MajorityLeader, and ALL the DEMOCRATIC SENATORS will
handle ALL such appointments!

#KarmaIsABitch, and #SHE is
gonna roll all over your ass!

#BlueTsunami
TWO DUDS IN EPA!
What about Merrick Garland?????????? You flipping douche! #VoteThemOut #BlueWave2018 #RegisterToVote #TheResistance
I'm sure he will be as good as the whole useless incompetent WH cabinet! The best of the worst!
Waiting for the next president to make a selection for that position. Thanks for the precedent.
Sucks when the show is on the other foot doesn’t it fucktard.
McConnell is a swamp creature
Merrick Garland. Never forget.
MCCONNELL GOD DIDNT F PUT US ON EARTH TO  DELIBERATELY RUIN THE PLANET ON PURPOSE.HE DIDNT SAY HEY MCCONNELL GO RUIN AND CHOKE PLANET EARTH FOR ME PLEASE AND KILL MOTHER NATURE. U ONLY CARE ABOUT POWER AND MONEY MCCONELL U ARE CORRUPT AND HOPE U DONT GO TO HEAVEN.
Aww poor baby mitch you have to wait , how does that feel you spinless asswipe
You're a despicable human being!!!
Well!  any one have better ethics than Pruitt.  Get the bad seed out of the EPA!!!
You are a #Traitor to America 

You stole A SCOTUS seat bc u r a petty weasel. Andrew wheeler can sit out his turn. This potus should not nominate anyone while he is a subject of an FBI investigation. So far not one candidate potus has put forth has any credible qualities
Karma is a bitch isn’t it, you blocked a vote for the Surpreme Court and made everything President Obama did a struggle.  When you stand before God you will receive a one way ticket to Hell.  Enjoy the trip, you’ll be among your lemmings there.
You have no shame. You did the same with Merrick Garland.  The fact that you stand there and do nothing while Trump destroys our democracy makes you complicit. #Traitor
Make like Paul Ryan and head for the hills.
Ditch Mitch McConnell 
#ProtectMueller
You know who else was ready and waiting? You know who else was qualified beyond question and had won bipartisan praise? Merrick effing Garland.
#ImpeachTrumpNow #ProtectMueller
ARE YOU F*CKING KIDDING ME?!?!?   @SenMajLdr, THE A##HOLE WHO BLOCKED GARLAND FOR 170-PLUS DAYS, IS COMPLAINING ABOUT A BLOCKED VOTE !?!?!?! 
The reason for blocking Garland is because @SenateMajLdr knew Trump would win...with Russia's help.
Which is also why @SenateMajLdr won't let a vote happen to protect Mueller.  Because he's up to his shell in Russian $$ too and just as guilty of treason as Mango Mussolini.
Stfu greasy old man
.@SenateMajLdr = #TraitorTurtle
Really. You have no shame after the bullshit you pulled denying garland his nomination
Join the que...
Reap.
What.
You.
Sow.
This is the height of hypocrisy. Your whining will hopefully fall on deaf ears! MERRICK GARLAND ring a bell? The Blue Wave is coming!
He is a coal lobbyist. He has spent his life trying to undo environmental regulations. He is a horrible candidate. You should be ashamed.
Your work on behalf of corporations who benefit from denuding our environment is transparent.  Your grandchildren and great-grandchildren will know who to thank when they suffer the consequences in later years.
Well, he can wait as long as Merrick Garland.
Hypocrite much?
According to the GOP, Flynn was perfect also, plus others you forced through and then they left in disgrace.

He is a former fossil fuel lobbyist. Those aren’t ‘qualifications’ for most of us, mitch.
You stole a Supreme Court seat.  Fuck you.
Does the name MERICK GARLAND ring a bell?
Do you remember Garland?    You put party above country.  You Ass&%$# should be ashamed of yourself and the @GOP.
Your day is coming.  Get ready for #BlueWave2018
You have some nerve tweeting about obstruction. I count the days until you're gone from Congress. You should follow Ryan out the door. You're the worst.
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland. He was also ready, waiting, unquestionably qualified and had bipartisan support. Fuck off Tippy.
And you are complicit in this "president's" treason, having NO personal or professional integrity whatsoever, and ZERO clue as to govern; EASILY the most un-American legislator of all time...#indictandimprison

Qualifications for what? To be a coal industry lobbyist? Certainly not qualified to protect the environment, which BTW you and other GOP have forgotten.
Yup
MERRICK GARLAND
WOW you have the nerve #GOPCorruption #GOPcollusion #GOPComplicit #embarrassedbytheGOP #MerrickGarland ring a bell to you #turtleman ? Can't wait for the mid-terms! #CleanTheGOPOut2018 #BlueTsunami 
Can't wait for you to be voted out.
Merrick Garland. MERRICK GARLAND. You have no shame, and most of America despises you because of that
Merrick. Garland.

Fuck off, Bitchy Mitch. You're a huge hypocrite.
You are unbelievably hypocritical! I am looking forward to see you unemployed.
Merrick Garland waited foreber also, McTurtle.
Only the feckless GOP would put a coal lobbyist in the EPA. Your grandkids must be so embarrassed.
Can you not use the nuclear option?
Qualified? Good grief, he's a coal lobbyist that worked for Inhofe. Definitely qualified to destroy the EPA which is probably what you meant.
Hush up!! You are talking about human beings. Not "dems", not "reps," individuals and human beings who feel an obligation to follow their consciences. Good grief! Get a clue!
Another temp !
You are actually accusing others of obstruction? Rich.
Hypetcrit
Great job remaking the EPA into fuck the environment department
Fox in the henhouse
#MerrickGarland


Hmm.. someone else won bipartisan praise and got blocked.  Hm... who was that?

oh right.. Merrick Garland.

Go fuck yourself, you turtle-faced shitmonger.
And we should believe YOU ! ? YOU who would rather toss your country to russia, than have stood up as a party and dumped trump...
#MerrickGarland
What are you going to do about Pruitt? -
Crook of the week:
Squandering taxpayer money, taking payoffs from lobbyists and destroying the environment, all at the same time. With several different email accounts so nobody can keep track of it

…
So you do understand obstruction. Do you understand that your prior (in)actions are the essence of this current obstruction? Do you understand Karma? Maybe you are oblivious, but many of US are keenly aware.
You supporting him makes me wonder what's wrong with him.
You are a hypocrite.
Wow sounds a lot like what happened with Merrick Garland!  Bipartisan support but YOU stalled the American process just like u did for 8 years.  Ur next on the chopping block Mitch
He is actually aren’t widespread condemnation as a complete slave to the oil and gas industry. Yet another embarrassment for the Republicans. We will remember that in November.
Can't be worse than Pruitt.
You really want Trump to fire Mueller?  #ProtectMueller  and call Mitch now.
Mitch we ask you to resign
Mitch you need to retire. How did you let Ryan beat you to the punch?
HEY, LOSERS! 
U ONCE RESPECTABLE #GOP NOW FULLY OWN DON TH CON TRUMPF, FAMILY, FRIENDS & RUSSIAN TERRORIST ATTACKS! HOORAY FINALLY UR XPOSED AS TRU #TRAITORS 2AMERICAN DEMOCRACY & CONSTITUTION! 
#RUSSIATRUMP 
#TREASON 
SHAME ON U ALL! MCCONNELL!
TRU PATRIOTS WILL NOW #VOTEGOPOUT
Retire or be taken down, Americans are sick of your mealy mouth pasty face old man bull shit.  You sold us out, history will portray you as a traitor. You are the swamp!
Announce your retirement today Mitch. Don’t wait!!
Can't you guys do a mass confirmation? You know sort of like that crappy spending bill?
Haven’t heard from you in months and today you are all over.  Paul Ryan retiring motivated you? You are a tired old white man, obsolete and useless.
A!eticans are ready and waiting... for you ass clowns in Congress to fund the wall, pass mandatory Everify, and defund PP.  Do. Your. Job.
grouching from the guy who never gave Garland a floor vote....  sad
end the filibuster
Hard to take you seriously! You supported Pruitt too and just look at how that turned out turtle boy!
mitchy....seriously?  You're blaming dem for your stupidity?   You only get the best, so patience.....all the other BEST appointees seem to moving on, for one reason or another
Do something
Your assertion of Wheeler's qualifications is questionable given the history of those you have already confirmed.
Your silence about Pruitt is deafening..... but you want to move on...
Bring it up for a vote and damn the rules.  The Democrats would do it to us in an instant!
Because you can’t get a f- ing thing done you scumbag POS
He’s waiting thanks to you and the idiot senate rules you hold so dear.
Right... 59 of those highly qualified slugs have already rotated in, and out, of this worthless administration.
What about Richard Grenell? What about the ither 43% still not confirmed? Do your damNed job and get them confirmed! !!!! You are no better than the Dems here.
Oh is this another one of your picks to choke our children with polluted air and fill their bodies with lead laden water? FUCK YOU! Oh and I bet this one will a bulletproof office and his own 20 man security detail too! #BlueWave #BlueTsunami
F*ck off, sadistic pile of skin
Let me remind you that you are a hypothetical leader that is so annoying going on about the Dems are doing what you did for 8 years with Obama who was good for the American people and way better then you can ever hope to be. Notice that many are gone that you said that about.
Midterms are coming!!
You might want yo check the math on the vhances of Democrats taking the Senate.  Your only hope of dumping Mitch is the demands on the Right that he step down.
You really shouldn’t talk about obstructing nominees. Hypocrite
didn’t you lead the charge to block Garland’s nomination??? you are one of the biggest hypocrites our country has ever seen.
FYI - You're terrible at your job.
Merrick Garland

Whoa boy - Phil Mudd weighs in on Hannity's show last night: 

"You got that dirt bag telling me that one of the most…
