PROTECT OUR BORDERS STOP UPCOMING INVASION
    I, (name), do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States 
"AGAINST ALL ENEMIES FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC":  
that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this ...
Illegals ANNUALLY cost US taxpayers $134 billion while only contributing $18 billion to our economy…you do the math.  A ONE-TIME cost of $25 billion for a wall is small by comparison.
that omnibus bill is disgusting.  WE WANT THAT WALL BUILT NOW.  Trump better NEVER EVER again sign anything like that.  Shut the government down for two years if he has to.  You liberal-lites are useless -- and we are going to end up with another Obama - which is what u want no?
Stop flying bullets act.

At the request of the constituents that sent you to D.C., you ensured them you would uphold the Constitution, too. #2A #5A
you aren't a constituent. can it.
Thank you for the thoughtful response. He took an oath to the Constitution and, as an American, that's my business.
How about signing the Kate Steinle bill that has been sitting on your desk for two years. You are a phony.
Glad military budget has been beefed up; however, you need to do better in supporting POTUS’ agenda & get a TRUMP budget passed.  NO MORE CONTINUING RESOLUTIONS!!
Idiots

If you were really interested in protecting our children, you would pass a military-style weapons ban as an essential first step.  The so-called Stop School Violence Act does nothing.
MAYBE it should have included the FIRING OF the CORRUPT FBI AGENTS & the Sheriiff  that allowed it to HAPPEN by their DELIBERATE FAILURE to do their JOB! MANY of these shootings have BEEN ORCHESTRATED to remove OUR 2nd AMENDMENT RIGHTS..IMHO!  HOGG was part of it too!
These measures are pathetically insufficient. Large majorities of Americans want much more. #GunControlNow #NeverAgain #NRAIsATerroristOrganization

Will you stop your supporters from threatening these young people with death?
Do you guys really think the Omnibus Spending Bill was good? Marginally at most. Look Americans are paying attention more to what's going on in their government more than ever.And FYI you will not get re-elected if full support of our President doesn't show before 2020! No Rhinos
BAN ASSAULT RIFLES...AR 15.  YOU ARE SHAMEFUL.  HOPE EACH AND EVERYONE OF YOU WHO ARE IN THE NRA'S POCKET GET VOTED OUT.
Use nuclear option to build wall and get nominations through Congress. You are wasting precious time.
good job. it is LITERALLY the absolute least you could do. im sure you will continue to do your least. you are a tremendous slouch.
You both need to step aside. It is clear you cannot do what the American people voted Trump in for. His Agenda BUILD THE WALL  or are you afraid of Nancy and Chuck.?
You all are a joke.  Bought and paid for by NRA and other lobbyists.  Your wife works for that crazy person #Trump.  Have you no dignity ?  Have you no integrity ?  I have watched you be a racist for years.  Put your country before your own self interest.

You Mother F'er.  You and Ryan screwed President Trump over and the majority of Americans who voted for the wall to be built.  You both need to go.  You are both the freak'in establishment.  You are both trying to take the President out.
Too little too late

Shouldn't that be STOP GUN VIOLENCE ACT.
You made a lousy deal.  Stuck it to the President.  Rat!
This is all just a big nothing! Pass a military-style weapons ban as an essential first step. At the very least, implement a registration program that is similar to registering a vehicle for everyone for these weapons. What is wrong with you?

What to do when marching 50 miles to @SpeakerRyan's hometown? Create highly applicable and catchy chants. Play on full volume! #50More 
We don't want your gun grabbed bill
It’s not enough. We can respect the 2nd Amendment—AND work harder to stop the violence. #AssaultWeaponsBan No more #HighCapacityMagazines #UniversalBackgroundChecks #EnoughisEnough
Ryan and McConnell insured #TheDemocrats they get all they want in the #OmnibusBill.  @wisgop and @KYGOP #VoteThemAllOut 
#Swamp leaders have to go.
Keep your gun grabbing hands off our guns
@LeaderMcConnell at the request of taxpayers please stop spending the US into oblivion. Republicans have majority in House and Senate but still give Democrats all they want in Omnibus. WHY WERE YOU ELECTED?
$4 MILLION FOR SEXUAL HARASSMENT TRAINING FOR CONGRESS??? Cut that immediately. Taxpayers should NOT have to pay a DIME to teach these imbeciles not to grope & harass people at work. I'll do the training for free, here it is:  pull that crap at work & you lose your job & pension.
Don’t pay attention to left.  Go straight right.  
I didn't realize you were elected to represent a handful of select families in Parkland, Florida. Here I was thinking you were elected to represent #Republicans in #Kentucky. Silly me.
Dotard’s base (and it is really base) hates your bill
You two have forgotten every conservative who voted for conservative values.
You sold our millions of Americans!
You Swamp sellout. Bad guys don't follow laws. You are making it dangerous for millions of Americans by joining up with the leftists. I hope they vote you and Ryan out. You are a disgrace to this country. Billions and billions of dollars on pork. Horrible.
Barely better than nothing. You are pathetic and it won’t help u in Nov
I can't stand to even look at you any longer. Fake Republicans that are Globalists!
We, the people, are SICK of 4 PEOPLE deciding everything and shoving it down the throats of the other 531 members of the house/senate.  We never signed up for this kind of "LEADERSHIP".  You are part of the SWAMP and it is time to drain it.
You need to resign along side Ryan.  Both have stabbed your voters,Predident,and American in the Back.
Talk of cutting S.S. benefits and then this bill  and y'all  get a raise.
How is your voters going to feel?
I say kick you out.

Where’s the Wall?
Wherever it is may be we need to dump Ryan & McConnell over it right into Mexico to contend with the squallor & the drug cartel — their just reward.

You are part of the swamp.
We call BS!!!
You F'er,.....you and McRunyon screwed the @POTUS.. TRAITOR IS TOO NICE OF A WORD FOR YOU AND @SpeakerRyan  VOTE EM OUT!!!! #Wisconsin How can #Kentucky stand you!!!
Complete bullshit
What are you and Ryan doing? Dems in sheeps clothing! Where is the wall funds! Where is Daca ? The swamp is deeper than the Dems. Pathetic!
People on twitter are saying the omnibus allows a president to spend as he sees fit because it isn’t a budget.  Is this true?
Urgent must read!!
you are a waste!
Mitch McConnell, aren’t you ashamed of the Omnibus Spending Bill? You should be. We are ashamed of you and the Omnibus bill you put togethet. Utterly ashamed of you.
You are the leader, why is it we have these RINO's in Congress who are clearly not supporting our POTUS?   You all need to straighten up, otherwise you will be washing dishes soon.
Are you finished congratulating yourselves for doing the very least you could possibly do? #MarchForOurLives
Bot
So where is Reciprocity? @ToiletInthe @Ke_iki
the people are calling on both leaders to step down now or you will be force to.
You guys do know that people are furious over the spending bill, right? You better have something good up your sleeves, or the midterms are going to be brutal.
@GOP @NRA @SpeakerRyan pay attention to what happened today or your arrogance will finish you.  #VoteThemOut2018 @realDonaldTrump is an ALBATROSS
Americans want a lot more than that.
Nearly 7 in 10 adults now favor stricter gun control measures. 

That's the strongest level of support since the AP first asked the question 5 years ago. https://apnews.com/6bff3d106aa245d3b774868503e81289 …

cc: @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @PostOpinions
re: #GOP #AmendmentXX #nullify2016
COMING: America's March to DC
PLAN: "From Dictatorship to Democracy" (@GeneSharpaei, 1994)
http://www.aeinstein.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/FDTD.pdf …
Planned Parenthood kills more kids than guns and you gave they money to do it. Shame on you and Paul Ryan. How much does Soros pay you two?
Deplorables, let us not forget that these two so-called leaders sold us out!  Neither deserves to be in office.  They hate our POTUS and will do all they can to thwart his every move.  Let them hear from you.  Retweet,…
#MarchForOurLives I don’t think your watered down proposals are going to satisfy these kids. Those that can vote will vote you out. Those that can’t vote have parents and grandparents who will vote you out.
TRAITOR, who the hell do you think you're fooling????  #FixNICS my ass!!!  time for you to RETIRE!!!!
Good news, Leader McConnell!! It's a start, granted, but let me ask you this...what will it take to get a Line Item Veto Bill out there on the floor?
They are coming for you.  Bye bye!
#VoteThemOut2018 You are irrelevant
Time for you to go! So much waste on the backs of US TAXPAYERS! I can only hope @POTUS does what Obama did with the so called OMNIBUS SCAM! He used it for whatever he wanted to.
Anyone who was for that awful spending bill is an idiot. We are paying billions for other countries to get walls but we don't get one?? You are a complete failure. Just resign in shame.
You are a thief, lining your own pockets w/your #Omnibus raise promoting yourself lining y our own pockets Senate raised own salaries of officers & employees by $12.6 million in 2,232-page bill with less than 48 hrs to read & vote
Dirty Rotten Scoundrels!!!
You’ve really let your constituents down, Mr. Senate Majority Leader....Omnibus should have never passed. Seriously considering leaving the Republican Party ( I use that term loosely).
Gun control NOW! The blood of our children is on your hands! #ShameOnYou #nrabloodmoney @nra
It's time for you to go! You have not heard a single request from the state you are supposed to represent! We elected Trump and you are fighting him and us
Aman
The ENTIRE BILL was ridiculous.  The Republican ran away!  Where was a line-item veto on this -- you all hung the President out to dry.
I found out about the line item veto --
You forgot about the military assault weapons Mitch! Are you Republicans so dumb that you need machine guns to hunt deer? #StormyDanielsSavesAmerica
All those marchers today are voters and future voters who will never vote for the likes of you
Yeah you made sure gun control lobbyists got funds to fight 2A supporters and even discriminated against Senior citizens' rights to protect themselves! You sold Americans out while at the same time giving yourself a raise! Totally unacceptable and shameful!
John, in many ways, I think that laws APPEAR to be worded in such and such a manner that SEEMS to be ironclad, but I will let the Speaker and Majority Leader respond in kind to you....
Republicans are no better than Democrats...You are all the same...Will not vote for any of you...DONE...
Sold us out. Term limits
Which does absolutely NOTHING.  Reinstate the Assault Weapons Ban of 1994 and upgrade it to include the new military style weapons...in other words, quit taking bribes from the NRA and start helping Americans.
You funded sanctuary cities, nonwall money, you betrayed the president. You are as bad as pelosi
Evil and greed, this is what Mitch. McConnel is.
At what point are we going to address our debt? If not now are we to assume the answer is never? These are serious concerns for Americans...or at least those of us not in congress.
There is a national crisis of children getting killed while in school? Write and pass a bill NOW to protect our children by banning military-style rifles. @AMarch4OurLives #IvankaTrump #VoteThemOut @IrisRimon
You might as well be a democrat. There are no more republicans besides our President and VP. We voters know that
Good one Debra...you and your 0 followers
If we ever move without thought . 
Bumping your head . Murkle must have a concussion.
Also you’re the most despicable of the GOP. Your leadership hurts working families and the disabled.
Not enough. Show some backbone and ban AR-45s from civilian use. Support background checks! Stop pandering to the @NRA
And silencers, bumpstocks and conceal and carry reciprocity for all! (Sorry kids). @NRA #NRABloodMoney
Both of you SUCK! Your TALK is BS. A bill like this shows that BOTH parties waist our tax dollars. Please step down and leave government service as both of you are self serving! Trump Sucks for signing such a bill too......,So disappointed!
Breaking news, McConnell lies! Appearing in CNN (I believe) in Jan 2017, Mitch said they were moving ahead with 12-15B for the boarder wall. A real man of his word.
WELL IF YOU DID THAT FOR THOSE FEW FAMILIES HOW ABOUT THE BORDER WALL!
PRIMARY THIS POS!!!
Literally... The. Least. You. Could. Do.
#BUILDWALLS
2nd amendment tratiors!
LIARS.  WILL NEVER VOTE REPUBLICAN AGAIN.  TAKE THAT SPENDING BILL AND SHOVE IT.
I soooo agree, Dane!
Retire.
And how long before you cave to NRA pressure and quitely reverse this small progress? Blood is on your hands and history will judge the NRA and GOP accordingly.
WHEN ARE PPL GOING TO STOP BLAMING  THE  NRA AND GOP FOR THE SCHOOL SHOOTINGS?
WHEN ARE PPL GOING TO SEE THESE KIDS ARE KILLING EACH OTHER?
There is something  wrong  with these kids today. 
They scream  about the 2nd ammendment   is "outdated". 
Ppl died for that. 
Go to school
You all need to leave Washington. You don’t work for the People. Enjoy your raise as we are killed by the drugs and illegal immigrants.
The STOP SCHOOL VIOLENCE ACT is a bad GOP joke.  There isnt anyone who believes this phony Act will have any impact anywhere at all.

Mitch you mustngo you are the SWAMP
And step on all the vets, what an azz.
No border security?  Why did we vote for republicans?
At the request of American families nationwide, you just couldn't fund the wall?  Delete support of sanctuary cities & Planned Parenthood?
Where’s the part about bump stocks, raising the age to purchase guns, mental health checks, universal background checks, no issue until background check is completed?
Why do people continue to vote for you? The mental health crisis is evident in the fact that you are still in office. #VoteThemOut #LowestWhiteMen
Because it’s #Kentucky
Why didn’t you see that it contained funding for THE WALL!? Defund Plan Parenthood!? Just Awful! How is it the Dems get all kinds of things they want passed when their in power but Reps can not even pass bills the voters overwhelmingly have told you they want! Geez I’m pissed!
Based on the way the omnibus bill was created and what it turned out to be , you rino McConnel & rino Ryan are traitors to the POTUS and his republican party supporters . My like minded  friends and I will do everything in our power to throw your asses out of   leadership roles.
You are a load of crap, you and http://Ryan.You  are Dimms. Go the hell to the other side and stop trying to pretend we want you two. We do not. Leave.
Yeah, where is wall?
Yes, and you're a spineless that won't stand up to any Democrat but you crap on your GOP voters on a consistent basis. Swamp-dwellers.
You’re a disgusting individual.  When are you going to tender your resignation already?  Don’t you have enough money already from the NRA and the Koch brothers to get that neck fixed and leave us alone with your faux feelings?
AS LONG AS EVIL EXIST, HONEST LAW ABIDING CITIZENS WILL NEVER BE SAFE ! BUILD THE WALL TO CUT DOWN ON ILLEGALS WHO INTEND ON HARMING OUR COUNTRY WITH VIOLENCE & DRUGS !!  YOU IDIOTS NEED TO START SUPPORTING OUR POTUS INSTEAD OF JOINING DEMS,WHO WANT LAWLESSNESS TO PREVAIL !
Delete your account.
This is totally worthless. I'm sure, somehow, this is written to benefit NRA & not make any significant changes
They wanted more. Also, what about Chicago families?
Its time for u to go..  bad for America. U sold this country down the Chinese river.
I think you should stop knee jerk reaction to a bunch of Liberal programmed obnoxious kids. They haven't a clue. Stop attacking our rights! We have a mental health problem, a lack of family problem, an isolation problem, a bullying problem...so many things other than guns.
You need to go!!!!
What about trump wall are we not important, you fund killing babies plus illegal cities.  Are we not important
What a crying shame it is that you have to give government agencies incentives to do their jobs! The only incentive should be pictures of the victims!!
Are you kidding me? Stop School violence act? What the heck is that??!! These are the weakest, lamest responses I've ever seen
On his way out the door for spring break to avoid #marchforourlives
You’re all horrible negotiators.

Up to your old sneaky tricks. I hope this is your last term.
That is not what they asked you for. You are kissing the NRA's ass again.
You also assured abortion, the blue wave of 18, illegal immigration, the fall of America
Did you make some backroom deals with COMMUNIST China in order to overthrow our country?
As always, GOP does as little as possible and claim they've solved the problem. We know who's shown strength and who are cowards, and we won't forget.
When will you all in Congress, Mr. McConnell, stop committing violence against the American taxpayer w/ your reckless bills which fund & perpetuate bloated Big Government while failing to secure our borders, reduce crime and protect innocent life??  This omnibus bill is HORRIBLE.
You are pathetic. Why didn't America know about Russia attack on our election? Mitch McConnel. You, sir, are a traitor to the republic. Nothing less than that. And Ryan? OMG. Weak and shamelessly corrupted by KOCH.
What about defunding Planned Parenthood? They take more innocent lives than school shooters.
And the military takes more innocent lives then pp!
