
Large corporations got most of the 1.3 trillion tax break; rest of USA a membership to Sam’s club. GOP thinks most of Americans can’t read.
No, it’s not working. GOP brought us a near great depression under G. W. Bush; will cost country trillions after Corp. Welfare tax credit.
Senator, the tax cut ain't working. When was the last time you spoke to a real person affected? Even Republican billionaires are saying it ain't working. Who are you kidding? America is drowning in debt?
TOOK AWAY THE PERSONAL EXEMPTIONS OF $4,050 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A HALF TRUTH IS A DAMN LIE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The so-called doubled Standard Deduction does nothing for middle-class taxpayers you itemize deduction.  They actually pay more!  Somebody has to pay for the $1.3T in tax cuts for the top bracket taxpayers/donor class. I
For Wells Fargo.
Right. Get the hell out, old man.
Yes. For corporations and the wealthy....
That’s actually right” out with the old “ right McConnell? DT is making changes 4 the good 4 the common man NOT you!  Dems r on the ground running what r you & the party doing?? I DONT CARE IF YOU DONT LIKE DT. DO YOUR JOB FOR THE PARTY AND KEEP THEM IN POWER.


Yes we know it's working for you and your wealthy donors, for most Americans, not so much.
This is coming from the RCE Republican Criminal Enterprise of the United States, working for the wealthy!
for you rich folks maybe - I know you'll chuckle at that and say yup
It’s only “working” for your big money donors.
You are so out of touch with reality and what the American people really want.  Time to retire.
Out with the Old should be you. Spineless!
The state of KY is a welfare state of the US. It’s main industry is funded by tax dollars/military-your voters need to know and vote you out
Complete crap. We've been swindled by the failing GOP.  Vote them out in November.
#Traitor, Tzar Turtle
Your #taxreform is going to kill independent contractors like myself who will no longer be able to deduct all of our expenses! @gop we see you, #BlueTsunami2018 is coming. Your party has been ruined with hypocrisy.
Ya you’re getting richer right? Totally working for the rich guys. Good for you
You are delusional
Help the poor Billionaires build bigger and bigger mansions.  It's good for the economy.  The interest on a billion dollars is only fifty million dollars a year.  It's hard to live on that.   Give 'em More, More, More, More, More !1
well I just finished my taxes and as a rural doctor you all need to get to work on healthcare again. it is disappointing the money being sent to our government to waste at will & on noncitizens. Omnibus was a disgrace & you know it. so does Paul Ryan Nancy Pelosi Chuck Schumer
It's certainly working to make the rich richer and the poor poorer.
not for the majority of us. Only for you and your donors. #mitchgetsbig$$/Blavitnik
Wait your retiring?
"Out with the old"..Does that mean you'll be resigning? You've already bern paid off by Russia and NRA, and this "tax reform" will keep you rich for generations.
Incorrect
#ProtectMueller ...oh, and btw, my taxes increased
Mine to!!
that’s exactly what people are saying about you Turtle. it’s time to vote you out of the Senate and vote in someone who can get things done. your obstructionist ways are NOT what America wants or needs
#BlueWave2018
Hey, Mitch,  tell us about MEK!
Out with the old, in with the new.
#wewillrememberinnovember
Yeah out with the old....that would be you old man. #ditchmitch #BlueWave2018 #Resistance #dts
So when are you leaving! You can leave in your own! Or get voted out.  Bye Bye
Your phrasing will be seen as ironic come November. As a public servant, it's your duty to follow the will of the people & we call for protection for the special counsel. You have no legitimate reason to not allow this vote. History will remember. #protectmueller #ditchmitch
Until the democrats take over then they will double the taxes on hard working Americans to support illegals.   Republicans need to stand together.
You’re the old that needs to get out!
Maybe for YOU! let’s see where the debt goes! McConnell putting his head in the sand reguarding a bipartisan bill protected Special Investigator against Trump’s irrational behavior. McConnell would rather a constitutional crisis. Do you job, put bill up 4vote
If you mean working to make our nation's deficit excessively larger, and making rich people richer.
Without a bill to protect Mueller, you are acting against the interests of America and Democracy. You already stole a supreme court seat. YOU ARE A TRAITOR.
Dear #Kentucky, ask yourselves what Russia has on your toady boy
On @TeamCavuto, McConnell shuts the door on the bipartisan bill to protect Mueller: “I’m the one who decides what we take to the floor, that’s my responsibility as majority leader, we’ll not be having this on the floor of the Senate.”
Hahaha
It’s working for the wealthy, just as you intended.
#DitchMitch no matter how many times you tweet about taxes in one day,doesn't make it true.Explain to my mother(84) why her retirement fund has lost 8000 dollars in the last 4 months. Or the pay increase of 3.20 a week which can't even offset fuel cost.Protect Mueller
Hey Turtleman, perhaps your new slogan 'out with the old, and in with the new' would work for the GOP in November.  Congressional Republicans are f***ed.  Best of luck.  #getthefeckoutofhere

Please, and thank you...heed your words...you're old...we desperately need some new leadership.
Yes, PLEASE. Out with the old. You're how old?
We the people want you to introduce the bill to protect Mueller #ProtectMueller
Let us know when Trump releases his taxes, then I’ll be impressed
RESIGN.
"Out with the old?" When are you leaving, dinosaur?

You're one of the old that's out come November
Working for the wealthy. Not the American dream we were taught by an educational system wrought with federal corruption.
I call BS!  Wages are stagnant.   I will not thank you for giving us a pittance of our money back.  We are not your subjects.  #BlueWave2018
I, like MOST AMERICANS, have seen nothing from your giveaway to the rich... but we know your fat cat friends and greedy corporations are THRILLED! #RepealTheTrumpTax #CorporateWelfare #MaliciousMitch
I'm convinced that the GOP TAX SCAM is only for BILLIONAIRES and republicans, because we are neither of those things and we, nor our small business, has seen a goddamn dime.
The Double Standard deduction?  You’re seriously bragging about this? 

Oooohhh.  Never mind.  “Doubled the standard deduction”.  Sorry. Read it wrong.  For a minute I thought you were telling the truth.
Maybe it's working for you and your cronies. You finally got your tax decreases for business. Now you should retire. "What does it profit a man if he gains the whole world, but loses his soul". You can't take it with you.
Stop protecting Russia and protect Rosenstein and Mueller. They two are Republicans and need your help.
We’ll see,”Uncle Mitchy,” we’ll see.
Out with the old? So why are you still in the Senate? Why don't you get to work to protect Rosenstein & Mueller? Justice will be served with or without you & your cronies. The Blue Wave is coming!! Surfs up !
BULLSHIT!!!
Fade away, wrinkled sack of chrump

for the rich
Exactly what I will be saying when you are voted out of office!!
Good job now make it permanent
#Propaganda double the standard deduction but eliminate the dependent deductions.
Are you talking about you?
Working alright! But in November.

#Mitchreadswritingonthewall

During the 2015-2016 election season, Russian billionaire Leonard Blavatnik contributed $6.35 million to leading Republican candidates and incumbent senators. Mitch McConnell was the top recipient of Blavatnik's donations, collecting $2.5 million.
DO SOMETHING CONSTRUCTIVE & #ProtectMueller
You need to go. You are confused. What are you talking about the standard deduction doubled?? We file 2017 taxes this year (2018). The increased Standard deduction goes into effect for 2018 tax returns that we file in 2019. WE WON'T SEE THAT UNTIL NEXT YEAR YOU DUMB ASS.
You must be referring to the mid terms.....
Lol can't wait to see how this tweet ages 


Funny, but I just had the same thought about you.  When we flip the Senate to Blue, maybe you’ll be publicly humiliated enough to retire. That will be addition by subtraction.  Worse than useless.


Oh, I thought you were quitting!  Out with the old McConnell!  #resign
You are right in November 2018!!
OUT WITH OLD (THAT MEANS YOU) IN WITH THE NEW (ANYONE BUT YOU) THANKS MITCH FOR BEING A SPINELESS LEADER WHO WAS COMPLICIT. KARMA IS A BITCH
For you, it is, Mr. Senator.
@SenateMajLdr  your  delusion is remarkable.  You know it was a scam, and so does everyone else. Just shut up about it and  be happy you got over on the American people. Can’t wait till you hand over that Twitter handle in November.

Out with YOU !  #GOPTaxScam only works for the super rich.

Out for the middle-class and all in for the rich that's the gop slogan right
Yep.  Working for you and your rich friends.
You will be dead when we have to fix this quagmire. Politicians in 2035-2040 are not going to be popular.
Big pile of
233 Representatives voted to steal Social Security's $2.9 trillion surplus.
Thankfully, the so-called balanced budget amendment did not get the 2/3rds majority required.
OBAMACARE!! We can't buy insurance for less then $22,200.00 per year for 2 healthy people in TN. That's high deductible (almost 12K) per year before they cover a dime!!! Do what you promised to do!!
You are a KKK member

#TrumpTaxScam #TaxScam  #TrumpTaxScam  #TrumpTaxScam
#TrumpTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam 
#FlipItBlue
For 8 years then it vanishes. What then @SenMajLdr ? US dollar dropping in value so increase at tax time off set by cost of living increases. Economics NOT GOP forte!
yeah! out with the OLD.
Thanks from taking more money from us than we can afford. Should we send you the bills we won’t be able to pay?  You can pay them with your tax windfall!

And just plain ugly.
Working well for you rich folks.  Those of us who work for a living will just pay the debt.
Youre a scummy goblin and going down in history w the likes of confederate senators. I hope ur death is painful its only fair after all the suffering youve caused
You are reprehensible for not protecting Mueller. Step down and let an ethical American lead.
Only in your dreams
Not for me. How about those corporate share buy backs? You are a POS
YOU PIG.
You should protect the special counsel and the rule of law
Is there a turtle hell? If so, I hope turtle Jesus punches you in the snout before banishing you to a gazillion years in deep doo doo
Yeah, your deficit bomb tax-cuts are working great for your wealthiest campaign donors, but not so much for the rest of us who get temporary crumbs and ultimately have to pick up the tab for the interest payments for your deficit bomb.

Fcuk you forever
Working well for the rich. Not so well otherwise

YEP!  You're next!!
#GOPTaxScam
...added more than a TRILLION DOLLARS to the Nation's deficit...
And the winners are rich white people !!
Protect Mueller. None of this is normal, and you know it.
80 percent of the Republican $1.5 trillion tax cut go to corporations (who spend it on exec pay and shareholder dividends - and which are permanent) and the wealthiest 1 percent, who bury it in tax havens. Everyone else gets an average tax cut of...drumroll: $40. Grifting America
Is that you your talking about
doy...
"Tax reform or the Republican WEALTHCARE LAW is working fabulously for the "right people." The weak,  or the lower- and middle class can benefit by pouring more wine in our glasses, and cleaning our yachts,  vacation homes and luxury cars"--(R-KY)  Senator Mitch McConnell
How do you know it’s working? You forced it on us with out a CBO score, public input, No hearings. What a scam!
"Out with the old, and in with the new."  I can most certainly get behind that in reference to voting your disgusting, criminal, obstructionist old ass out that cushy job [you are useless in] and that we, the taxpayers, pay for with our hard-earned money.
That will apply to you when the election rolls around. 
But @realDonaldTrump doesn’t want progress. He wants to keep America in the dark ages

Amazon made $5.6 billion in 2017 and paid no federal income taxes. #TaxDay https://www.seattlepi.com/business/tech/article/Amazon-paid-no-US-income-taxes-for-2017-12713961.php …
Really???  Just a bit too soon to start crowing.  Wait a year and we will see if it's working.
Hey man, you’re... umm... old.
Speaking of going out with the old and getting in with the new when the hell are you retiring
Hey MITCH...why not protect Mueller? Got something to hide?
Protecting Potus?
You are a moron.  The actual effect on the std deduction for a married couple is $3100 over 2017, but you limited the deductions on state, municipal, and property taxes.  I middle class and my taxes are going up.  Donald is happy he getting his millions back
Wish we could say same about you.

And with that we come full circle from 2016, when McConnell refused bipartisanship for a warning about Russian tampering during the election. https://twitter.com/frankthorp/status/986351014822514698 …
Keep telling yourself that
Right. Out with the old.. it includes you @SenateMajLdr @TheLeadCNN
Cut my property tax deduction. Dipp now I get to be taxed twice on that money.
Of course, if I lived in your state, my property would be so worthless, i wouldn't have this issue.
As long as your goal was $1 trillion deficit
Hopefully this includes you ...
Lies lies! Yiu dint care for the middle class. Vote you out.
Rep. Brendan Boyle
@CongBoyle
3m ago

Republicans like to say they passed an "historic middle class tax cut." But, 83% of the benefits go to the top 1%. If they were serious about a middle class tax cut, wouldn't they have actually given it to the middle class? #GOPTaxScam
If it’s so great, and you are so sure it’s a boon for US, why won’t the leader of your party release his returns? What is he hiding? Who is really benefiting from your #TaxScam ?
How about, “Out with the old, corrupt Congressman”?
I agree, if you're referring to the Senate Majority Leader.
No it isnt as you will become well aware of in November
So, then when are you leaving?
Liar! Out in November!
You are pretty old. Probably with the concomitant frailty.
Out with the old ,idea is good for you. Retire
Translation: #GOPTaxScam is working GREAT for billionaires  and big business. The RICH are well pleased with their congressional republican #whores.
Yes please #resign
Exactly my opinion of you. Out with the old.
Out with old ?  Does that mean you are outta here ?
This will be you soon.  You have done US more harm than we could have imagined.  #NoGOPutin
Out with the old. Thanks for a great campaign slogan for the BLUE WAVE this November when we take back our country and democracy from the evil, corrupt and lying @GOP.
That’s what we all say about you and your co-conspirators!
And removed personal exemptions so large families get screwed. You're very very bad at math.
$1Trillion Deficits 
#TaxDay #TaxReform #sellout
so, you're kind of old, too. good plan!
You are a feckless, cowardly Vichy puppet and toady boy who puts party over country. May you forever sport the Trump tattoo.
On @TeamCavuto, McConnell shuts the door on the bipartisan bill to protect Mueller: “I’m the one who decides what we take to the floor, that’s my responsibility as majority leader, we’ll not be having this on the floor of the Senate.”
Love your post..
Protect Bob Mueller. Do your job.
Really poor choice of of words. #VoteThemOut #ProtectMueller #Shame
Perfect choice  Out with the Old Baby!!
That’s what I keep saying about your time in the Senate. #DitchMitch


So how's Trumps tax audit going? Are we going to see his taxes before he leaves office? I won't hold my breath. I guess the American people can all just go "F" themselves. Maybe you can do your job and hold him accountable. Again, I won't hold my breath.
http://www.coloradopols.com/diary/98329/mitch-mcconnells-historically-low-approval-ratings#sthash.YSjD5JjY.dpbs …
The answer is "YES"
Mitch is  No. 1 recipient of contributions from lobbyists - no surprise - he works for them, not for our courty. Shameful, self-serving, and no patriot - well, not an American patriot.
He needs out !!

Get the f ck out of government. If you could do that by Friday that would be great. Need a box?

