You need to change the rules and confirm his appointments . This is ridiculous
U need to be a leader. Stop all the breaks, vacations, and tell the Senate they are gonna stay in session until everyone is approved. This is BS. if they want to hold things up find a rule to stop it. U suppose to be leading. Not following.
EVERY OUTSTANDING CHOICE TRUMP MAKES WINDS UP UNDER INVESTIGATION, GUESS HIS CHOICES ARE NOT THAT WISE!
SENATOR McConnell SIGN YOURSELF INTO A A DEMENTIA FACILITY IMMEDIATELY.
Time to keep senators in session until appointees get a vote.
Great work!  When will you schedule hearings on all the other candidates who are waiting to be approved.  Don’t let them go on vacation until that important work is done.  The President deserves his team to be put in place.
LEADER MCCONNELL. Nuke the Filibuster Rule and break the.gridlock So the President can change the course of Our Country.
You and Kyle Duncan suck!
An outstanding choice for whom? 
Women? Minorities? 
Oh wait, I know!
It must be for the LGBTQ community. 
You must be high on crack
You need to retire! You’ve done your best to try and destroy our democracy but guess what? It ain’t working! Prepare for a Tsunami!

If you left again out of this tweet, it might have not been ludicrous. The only good choice Trump has made is General Matt is. All the rest have been crooks and thieves.
I'm sorry. Another not again
My bad.
Outstanding choices ??  what about  the doctor ?? Doesn’t this WH vent anyone ?  I guess they have to praise trump or have Russia connections and that’s their vetting you and Gop and trump are coming to an end !
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
GOP=The Party of Hate.
#MerrickGarland

There r 100s of outstanding nominations waiting Senate action. Keep Senators working until Dem obstruction ceases or ru an obstructionist 2?
Thank you, Mitch!
#ConfirmKyleDuncan!

@SenateDems STOP @CoryBooker's religious tests!
#Article6
My view is that if you think those were the facts of Hobby Lobby then you should resign and go back to law school. Kyle Duncan is an honorable man and will uphold equal justice under law as a federal judge.
Thank you, Mitch.
Hard to be angry when you come through on the #MustHaves.

#ConfirmKyleDuncan!
#ScrewTheACLU!!
BE-YOU-TI-FUL @SenateGOP!!

#ConfirmKyleDuncan https://twitter.com/ACLU/status/988875071577042945 …

I'm still waiting for any explanation of why so many in the Trump campaign were meeting Russians. Why? "It's not illegal" doesn't put me at ease as a plausible explanation. https://twitter.com/msnbc/status/990168776808255488 …
*whose*
*whose. Your corruption is rivaled only by your ineptitude.
Spelling master, who is teaching you?

An outstanding choice would be for you to put Country over party:
Mitch. Dude. He chooses clowns and criminals. How much $$$$ did you get from Blavatnick, comrade McConnell?


Hey Turtle! Your shell looks very heavy!
TRUMP IS SCRAPING THE BOTTOM OF THE BARREL BECAUSE ANYONE WHO IS REPUTABLE DOESN'T WANT TO WORK FOR THIS CORRUPT TRUMP LED REPUBLICAN PARTY!!!
Yeah, Trump is a great judge of character and competence.
Seriously!!! STOP LYING and resign. You are upholding your oath to protect our country and constitution from our enemies foreign and domestic.....wait you’re one of them.
Vote on every one of President Trump's nominees - stuff the Democrat Congressional swine and their obstructionism.
#MAGA

Who's? You need to pay KY teachers better, so you and you benighted staff can insert correct possessives into your tweets. @KyTeachersRS
Looks like another Trump nominee might be in trouble.

Ronny Jackson, who you may remember said Trump only weighed 239lbs  (0.o), was afterwards nominated by Trump to head the VA. There were  already concerns about his experience, but now this:
Just In: 2 sources confirm to @nancycordes and @edokeefe Sen Vet Affairs Comm is reviewing allegations against Ronny Jackson which include a hostile work environment, excessive drinking on the job and improperly dispensing meds.
Racist and sexist? Great choice? This is a parody account, right?

Based on the example of Lying Trumps Cabinet the odds for the Fifth District Court getting much help is not good.
Is it another white male conservative? Boy @GOP doesn’t really represent Americans do they?
Liar
What a total little B@t$H @SenateMajLdr keeping Congress Democrats in DC so they can't campaign. Mr. Turtle is a total JackA$$. #UnfitToLead #UnfitForOffice #VoteGOPOut #BlueWaveIsComing
Why is Donald Trump using his personal cell phone so much lately?  Is he calling Stormy Daniels, Karen McDougal or just Vladimir Putin?
Could you, for just two seconds, stop sucking up to the president?
I beg of you please get Trump's endorsement also known as the political kiss of death

I’ve read most of the replies to your post, prior to mine. They’re uniformly bad. To the extent these are a representative sample of the general population, it appears you are an asshole. I agree. You and Ryan are what’s wrong with the US. And so is this nominee.
......’another outstanding choice’?
Why can’t we vote on securing that the investigation goes forward ? Just because You won’t let there be a vote! Who made you king?

#Mitch be careful kissing that presidential ass, if you get too close the presidential butthole may suck you in. Whoops too late, you went in head first.
Does he have a law degree, Weasel Mitch?

Or simply say sweet things about Donny Dotard?
Sycophant.
#MerrickGarland 
#MerrickGarland 
#MerrickGarland 
#MerrickGarland 
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland 
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
Are there now only 87 key nominees left to endure the 30 hour rule.  Too bad Republicans are not smart enough to out maneuver the democrats.
@SpeakerRyan  @HouseGOP  @SenateGOP  @NancyPelosi  @SenatorSchumer  Sen Maj Ldr, maybe you should re-check Mr. Duncan's bio. He sure does not look like he is even close to the old Mitch/Grassley rubber stamp!
Put pedal to the metal Mitch.
Happy with most judicial confirmations, as long as they are originalists and don’t create laws. Can we also get @RichardGrenell confirmed so we have an Ambassador to Germany?
Don’t be too obvious.
If you think this man has made any outstanding choices, there is something seriously wrong with your judgment.
Hahahaha
what about the other 5 appeals court nominees WAITING  File CLOTURE this WEEK and STAY in SESSION  #Doyourjob #tcot #MAGA @POTUS @VP  @CSPAN @cspanwj  @ABC
Your failure to do your constitutional duty and provide a hearing and a vote on Merrick Garland will continue to be a disgusting display of partisanship and make every comment about obstructionism hypocrisy.
Get working. Step down now and let  an actual leader in the position. Go home and count your money
Your packing courts now. Snakes Vote No @SenSchumer @SenGaryPeters
Confirm Grenell !!! 
None of you should be going home til they all are !! Why are we paying you guys if you don't wanna work !
#MerrickGarland
Don't we need to wait for the NEXT ELECTION to let the "people" have their say? Or, is that ONLY for Black Presidents!
Bloviating bag.
Ass kisser
You are betraying our beloved country. You’ve single handily done more harm to our democracy than any other politician in modern history but for perhaps Trump. History will tell the tale of GOP betrayal, corruption, greed & abuse of power.
Bitch - it’s about time you do your job!  Do the country a favor and follow Ryan - step aside.   You really are all but useless.
NO MORE NOMINATIONS UNTIL THE RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION IS RESOLVED
This dumbo hasn't made any choice. Conservative GOP groups have. But with the GOP in decline is that tactic going to work for you? Like gerrymandering? Why does the GOP always cheat to win? No confidence?
Send your staff back to grammar school - WHOSE, not who’s. As sloppy as what comes from the Oval Office. Bad form sir.

You’ve done more to destroy Democracy than anyone in Congress. History will remember.
how about advancing legislation to protect Muller!?!  oh wait!  devil has you in his pocket along with the Mrs. Cabinet Secretary #TrumpsSwamp #ImpeachTrump #LockThemAllUp
Remember when Mitch McConnell spit on the Constitution of the United States, blocking a president from appointing his Supreme Court nominee, and called that cheat, "The greatest moment of my career"? Kentucky does @SenateMajLdr @WKYT @Lex18News @WLKY @ABC36news.
“whose”
— English lesson by your neighborhood immigrant whom you & your party are hellbent on alienating.
How come you didn't give Merrick Garland a vote? You only give votes to people that Trump wants.
Kyle Duncan is way too radical to be a judge. He would discriminate against the LGBT community, uphold voter restriction laws, rip away abortion rights and will attack dreamers from the bench.
Traitor
No, you let the democrats obstruct again.  Sick of your lack of ability to control this.
Senator McConnell, you appear to have something on your nose.  It appears to be some sort of brown smudge with a tint of orange.  You might want to get that looked at with the impressive healthcare that you all took away from millions of Americans.  #Pathetic
That's the second time this week you made me spit my beverage out in laughter Mitch. You are by far the funniest person alive
*whose

Party of ass kissing contest
we need the 9th circuit judges confirmed ASAP.
I think you mean another bigoted choice.

Way to stand AGAINST civil rights, Mitch.

PS - History is judging you. It doesn't look good.
More stripping the rights of those who stand up to the criminal GOP

Hey Mitch where do you get these lines?  Is Trumpy paying you to say these things?   Maybe it’s all a wash since he selected your wife to be a member of his cabinet huh.  Whatever the reason, you best try to make hay now cuz the Dems are taking back the Senate this fall.
It is good that you are advancing a nomination today, but I cannot understand why you senators cannot work more days, longer days, like most Americans do, in order to confirm the presidents nominees. It just boggles my mind!!!  
Ahhaha
What does Putin have on you?

Right...

Wonderful. Have the Senate start working through the weekends to vote on POTUS nominations since they insist on 30 hours of debate on each person. It’s time you all work for the people. Stop allowing the stalling. Do it this way you don’t have to go Nuclear.
If working weekend don’t work. Then go to working weekends, no more 4 days, no holidays, no vacations, until job is done and pass bills as well.
Good grief, you are insane and spineless.... another good choice.....what does trump have on you???
why do you support anything drumph does? as history has proved, he picks only losers and it's sad that you support him and his choices.
You need to retire

#TraitorTrump   When will Congress stop the madness?
So, another xtian, right wing whack Job?
Kyle Duncan yet another nomination from the Trump/Pence Team who is a hater of the gay community. @HRC @gaycivilrights
Has he ever tried a case? Or is he another of Trump's shady, crooked 'friends'?
How do u face yourself in the mirror every day you political hack
Outstanding if you love activist right-wing zealots.
Better get the vote thru Mr Leader!
*whose. 

Gawd, even @BestyDeVos knows that.
That beeeAch needs to retire too
What about the totalitarian choice of Mark Jeremy Bennett? Is PN1642 going to be sent to the dustbin of history?
Duncan opposes equal rights for LGBTQ individuals, which makes him unsuited for a judgeship. We need unbiased judges.
So, would someone who supports rights for LGBTQ individuals be unbiased?
Unbiased would be supporting the same rights for everyone, regardless of their sexual orientation.
He is horrible. So pro-white male it is sickening. Please don’t do this.
Exactly how does preventing African Americans from voting show good legal credentials.  He is a racist and a bigot
No more until you hold current administration accountable. Pruitt should be out. Quality people should be in
Merrill Garland was a good choice from a president that didn’t have his personal lawyer in deep. Is DJT really a good person to fill courts? Will he ask for loyalty pledge to him?
you sound so much like North Korean state television...
If trump picked him and you like him he can only be a sycophantic grifter with a partisan axe to grind.
Wow. You are a major panderer. What’ve you and Chou done to warrant such cow-towing? The corruption within and around this “administration” is unprecedented...but still; et tu, Mumbles?
Get our German Ambassador confirmed immediately!!
You will go down in history as the worst majority leader ever - even your family hates you
What is wrong with you??? Do you even have the credentials to know what makes a good judge?
You’re a sad excuse for a leader, Turtle. This man is another horrible pick.
Keep it going let's make real effort for good changes not the corrupt left or democrats but for the betterment of the people you all serve
Merrick Garland had impeccable credentials, yet you blocked him for political reasons.
1/ Yes but he was a Democrat nominee in an election year. The same thing the Democrats have done in the past. Why because it’s politics and they can. So you get it on both sides. Don’t you think the other side felt the same way as you feel when it happen to them.
2/ That’s why everyone should agree politics is destroying this country. How about stopping shady backroom deals, vote on independent bills, put new people in often no more life longers. Stop PC and corruption.
Please Sir get Congress on board with #ConfirmMikePompeo NOW
Dosvedanya.
Our @POTUS makes only the best decisions
He’s called Kyle. I rest my case.
Nope
Whose crack pipe have you been smoking? If you gaslight too much, one day the  excess accumulation of gas will cause an enormous explosion.
Good job WORK WORK WORK
We see by all the firings and resignations how good  his choices are.
When is the big reveal when we learn what 26-year old staffer writes these tweets under the name of the elder Senator from Kentucky?
#liars
you pos
*whose
You are the worst majority leader in the history of the United States.

Glad you can still tweet 'cause when you speak, you are muffled by your face being shoved up #IQ45 's behind.
You like him?

He’s bad for Americans. 

Stupid Turtle 
McConnell... one more name... that’s great for the drip, drip, drip.... how about 3 or 4 names that have been done for the day......not month...not last 6 weeks.... for THE DAY....

Any republican that votes against Mike Pompeo should be removed from all committees and held personally responsible for any problems with N. Korea negotiations. You must get the RINOs behind our President or pay a steep price.
Go away you goat.


Hey McConnell, aren’t YOU way BEYOND retirement??  Wouldn’t it be great to be freed & become a man of conscience?
So, in other words, someone that is detrimental to society
Lapdog
@sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson Why not keep the senate in session 7 days a week until we have the president's appointments voted on? Seems like a simple answer to an obstructionist problem!
Just like President @BarackObama did w/ #MerrickGarland. @GOP LOVED him. @OrrinHatch said: "In all honesty, I would like to see one person come to this floor and  say one reason why Merrick Garland does not deserve this position.” Yet U wouldnt meet w/him.
Turtle you are a big a$$! He has not made one good choice!

