Hey @SenateMajLdr  Why aren't you forcing Congress to stay in Washington until they confirm President Trump's nominations?!  I hear at the rate you're going, it could take up to NINE YEARS!  You guys need to stay at work and get your jobs done!!!  @realDonaldTrump #WeAreWatching
Because he’s a RINO.
You got that right!  You know he was invited to the #StateDinner and didn't even go?!  WTH is up with that?!
You have a lot of anger.
lol
Meditation could help.
Guess that legal MaryJ isn't doing the job for them!  
Bipartisan? You mean the Democrats traitor Joe Manchin? One single vote from a right leaning Democrat and you scream bipartisan. You are a cherry picking scoundrel. It's not lying it's not cheating it's politics right? What an utter scumbag you are.
Now keep your promise not to put the bill on the floor to protect Mueller. I heard you have around 400 bills sitting on your desk according to Paul Ryan. Why?????
Hey. If we're lucky, maybe me can confirm him to a couple more this year, as others are fired and the musical chairs cabinet is upended again. Hey, btw, when are YOU getting out of this circus? Askin for a friend.
Merrick Garland
#ProtectMueller
Now if you’d just retire.....
McConnell Treason Obstruction of Justice Impeach
That’s what passes for bipartisan these days
Think he'll last a year before being also exposed as a Russian compromised stooge for the illegitimate Putin/Trump/Alt-Right Fascists who now illegally occupy our White House? I think not; but time will tell. It seems power and kleptocracy are now more important than democracy ??
Hope he packed lightly.
Why did he LIE about serving in Iraq?  Those who lie about such things, hide a more devious mindset than most.
Protect mueller!!!!
And we aren't happy about it! #VoteThemAllOut

You are all an embarrassment to our country & must go! Trump's call in this morning to @foxandfriends is like nails on a chalkboard. How long are you going to allow this to go on? #ImpeachTrump
A bipartisan vote that was the slimmest margin in forever. First time we’ve ever had a nut who believes in the Rapture representing us.
GET TRUMP Part 3 the dirty details, how Hillary's campaign revived an old Russian Hack from 2015, one they had ignored for over seven months, but decided to employ as part of their new Trump Russia narrative in April 2016. Must read & RT MAGA

But how long will Trump keep him around?
Boooo!
Why are you allowing the confirmation process for our administration to take that long?  We are told it will take 9-yrs???  Nine years for a four year Presidency?  How is this even possible and where are the powers that the majority leader is going to use against this oppression?

Amazing. When are the rest of this Presidents cabinet going to be confirmed? What a load of crap. No one should be going on any vacations or holidays until these people are confirmed. Mad Voter!
Perhaps we need to invite every world leader to visit in order to get confirmation of an ambassador for their respective country a  day before the world leader arrives. Hello Germany! Good grief!
how long before he creates a scandal or a national disaster? He already bowed down to NK. Not holding my breath.
Finally! Please keep the Senate in session until all the positions are filled. Enough of allowing the Minority party control the agenda of YOUR Senate. These obstructionist tactics must end Senator.
Bipartisan? That's hilarious. You and your colleagues are the same: tools of neoliberalism.
Sad news
You're proud that one nominee has held two positions? Do you remember why?

I'm still waiting for any explanation of why so many in the Trump campaign were meeting Russians. Why? "It's not illegal" doesn't put me at ease as a plausible explanation. https://twitter.com/msnbc/status/990168776808255488 …
Where’s the obstruction you keep whining about?
So what’s next? 

#oddjobsMitch
Disgraceful
Bullshit. .
Need to get rid of swamp creature Pruitt, DeVos, Carson! They are the worse of the bunch! Mulvaney is right up there as another swamp creature!
This coming from the leader of “the party of no”. No one obstructs like you do!!
Bi-Partisan vote?? What a sick joke. Republicanism = war mongering.
That smile is enough to scare a baby, Mitch the obstructionist.
Also the second time that Trump has nominated a Secretary of State. How long will Pompeo last?
A clear reflection of the desperate state of the Union.
Crying McConell today it is a “bipartisan vote”yesterday it  “historic obstruction”.  Do you even have a clue? Was wah!
Pick up your damn phone!
In a few months he will be fired via Twitter. The coward in chief can't even make a phone call.
Dictator Donald's vetting process for very best people:
1) can you lie
2) can you deny 
3) blame Obama or Hillary 
4) payoff porn stars
5) work for dysfunctional Whitehouse. 
6) commit perjury 
7) polarize and divide 
8) attack our institutions
Every single swamp thing tRump has put in his cabinet has been scum. This is no exception. That you & every repub steps back & allows this traitor in chief to degrade our country & democracy in favor of a dictatorship makes you as much a traitor as he is. Hope you end up in gitmo
You guys suck. Find better people.  You promised the best.  This is shameful.
From bad to worse
Sen. Markey: Pompeo said he might bring back waterboarding, said those who have carried out such actions were “not torturers, they are patriots.” Those actions were reprehensible.
Corruption runs amuk among republicans
Director Pompeo has refused to rule out torture as an intelligence gathering mechanism, saying that he would consider whether extreme practices outside the Army Field Manual need to be revisited.--Senator Bob Casey
Pompeo's record on anti-Muslim and LGBTQ  issues and torture should rule him out for any office
#WakeUpUSA You need to start doing ur fucking job

It's ur DUTY to put all bills up for floor vote that the SENATE thinks R right for the country
NOT just bills ur boss DJT has said he will sign
U do NOT know what he'll do until U DO UR JOB
STOP being spinless
START being a man
Way past time !you are a never Trumper and a disgrace to your oath to help America! Seems you only help yourself & China
now get ALL of POTUS nominees CONFIRMED!!! NUCLEAR OPTION!! Stop all this delaying tactics used to not fill President's Trump's appointments to his administration!! DO YOUR JOB
How much is this hire and fire circus costing the hard working tax payer?
2nd of 12 times if this circus isn't impeached. #Impeach45. 

@realDonaldTrump
#DemandAVote on a bill to protect special counsel Robert Mueller!
Why do you hate the USA?
#ThursdayThoughts
#murderousUSA
e need to kiss our assets goodbye because the three warmongers are in place. Trump Bolton Pompeo and a nuclear war is imminent to distract from the Mueller investigation. Mueller is not going to war just 30 Millions lives are at stake w narcissistic Trump. McConnell is complicit
GRATE JOB. GOOD YOU CHANGED THE RULES ON VOTING. SO NOW GET RID OF THE FILLIBUSTER ON OTHER LEGISTATION SO YOU CAN GET SOMTHING DONE
I want the bill to protect the special counsel voted on by MY elected representatives. Get out of the way and do your job.
MERRICK GARLAND
What a shame.
What Pompeo does will be on your HEAD 
JUST like all the WASTED American DOLLARS the rest of them have thrown at THEMSELVES w/1st class travel Private phone booths Using their son to do promotion work
Tell Pompeo's wife she has 2 find herself a job not keeping an eye on her hubby
Thank you Leader McConnell
Another liar and grifter...... you’re racking um up in the gop

How long will he
put up with our
F•CKIN Moron President?
#TortureisCriminal #NoPompeo @JeffFlake @FBI @GOP @CIA
Thank you.
And what about the bill to protect the #russiagate investigation that passed out of committee by a 14-7 vote? Will that get a vote on the Senate floor today so it too can pass by a bipartisan vote? Or will you bury it, Senator Turd?
Grow a backbone man. Play with gloves off. Enough is ENOUGH with the pussyfooting around the obstructionist RINO scums & Dems who want to obstruct the President of the United States. Do your job for the AMERICAN citizens! 
#StandWithPOTUS

He is prejudiced.
#DemandAVote Why not let the guys vote on protecting @ProtectMueller2
Let the vote on Special Counsel come to the floor
Musical Chairs in the Trump Cabinet!
They should have spent time during his confirmation hearing begging him to take the job. Mike Pompeo is another HOME RUN for the @realDonaldTrump administration.
Resign and spend your rubles ASAP.
Good luck.We are taking bets on how long he’ll last! #resignfirelistisgrowing
STFU.
Retire
Sounds like the first paragraph of a book about political corruption.
You are happy it’s bipartisan! You didn’t do that during O adm
Yeah, Trump's nominees are all interchangeable. Only need to be loyal.
What about ALL THE OTHERS that haven’t been approved?!?!?!?
How are the Russian lessons coming along?
Didn’t you just complain about the inaction on this?
Get your story straight.
Like your praising the Terrible Tax Bill.
Time for Term Limits!!!!
What’s your take home % on Pompeo Oil?
Americans demand to know (transparency). 

@SenateMajLdr  @SpeakerRyan #Fake POTUS

You can’t spend that money from The Fed Pen.

From the next secretary of state, a July 2016 tweet promoting stolen DNC emails distributed by wikileaks to sink the candidacy of a former secretary of state: 
It seems like POTUS has a hard time retaining people
Finally you are getting real qualified ppl. to serve the people instead of the usual brain dead Trump nominees.
For heavens sake LEAD! Put the REALITY WORK ETHIC IN DC! NO ONE GOES HOME UNTIL ALL CANDIDATES TO STAFF OUR GOV ARE CONFIRMED! THE 30 HOUR RULE WILL IMMEDIATELY GO AWAY!  @realDonaldTrump
Countdown to Pompeo being fired for being a raging drunk / collaborator with foreign powers / daring to contradict Dear Leader...

Scott Pruitt just told a Congressional Committee he gave his COS the green light to give raises to two EPA officials. That - in direct defiance of the WH - and contradicting what he told @FoxNews - that he wasn’t aware of the raises. This may be the end of the line .....
POTUS is gonna drag your grimey ass down with him. You’ll be a pathetic footnote.
Pompeo
We're not impressed. Not one bit. How about you guys don't go home until EVERY PENDING NOMINATION receives an up or down floor vote. In case you haven't noticed, we are living under siege in the 9th Circus.
Actually more than 70% 

A Fox News poll released yesterday:   

71% of Americans think Trump will fire Mueller 

@SenateMajLdr
TIL: If the Senate votes to confirm you to a position in January 2017 & that position is elevated to cabinet status in February 2017, then that January vote is deemed to have confirmed you to a cabinet position. 
Today, the #Senate will confirm Mike Pompeo as our nation’s 70th Secretary of @StateDept on a bipartisan vote, the 2nd time in a little over a year that Mr. Pompeo has been confirmed on a bipartisan vote for one of @POTUS' @Cabinet positions.
Ryan says over 400 pieces of legislation is sitting in the Senate with no movement 200,000 a yr 4 each of you doesn't get us much,does it?

New documents reviewed by HuffPost show that Mike Pompeo’s links to foreign-owned oil and gas companies are even more extensive than was previously reported—links that he failed to disclose. https://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5ae10e97e4b04aa23f1f0103?jui …
Still a bad choice.
“Bipartisan Vote” for a Democrat nominee: 94-6. “Bipartisan Vote” for a Republican nominee: 51-49.

#EndTheFilibuster

Senate can stop the president’s dismal choices for cabinet jobs. http://bit.ly/2Ke9uUP 
What, Kanye West was unavailable?
How are the other @Cabinet members working out for ya? Never before has a Majority Leader presided over confirming so many corrupt and incompetent cabinet nominees. But you can't raise too many objections or @Potus may take it out on your wife, @SecElaineChao. #Spineless #Souless

Who cares if he lied about service in Iraq? No big deal 
"Bipartisan" my ass, it's the usual Republicans and a couple/few Dem sellouts. Pompeo is a garbage person + has no business in any government job, let alone Secretary of State. You and Pompeo are disgraceful and if there's a Hell below they've already got spots reserved for you.
Shutting down the government; blocking a legitimate appointment to the Supreme Court; continuously blocking bills that aid Veterans - tell me again about how the Party of racism, bigotry, misogyny and hate is different from the Democrats. Asking for a friend.
So lying is not a thing with you assclowns anymore
Great and only you can stop the Democrats .do your job and get all others to sleep there if need be to get their 30 hours in
Confirm @RichardGrenell NOW
I think you spelled Pompeo wrong..  It's spelled C-o-r-r-u-p-t-i-o-n. yw
We love Our President Trump and Our FLOTUS. Finally a real leader. It’s great to have a leader instead of always leading from behind like we had for years. #MAGA
A guy that RT Russian propaganda, conveniently forgot he has business ties with China & is invested in global oil & gas. Fits right in with the rest of you crooks. #BlueTsunami2018
Do your job McConnell keep everyone there until all of our Presidents appointments are appointed. McConnell you’re either lazy or gutless which is it. You are a disappointment to the American people
Whoah - you are still around.  Hard to tell from the lack of response to any of potus’s actions and words that threaten our country.
Hugh mistake for our nation! @AP @Reuters @cnni @senategopfloor @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @HouseFloor The yes votes on the democratic side will be scrutinized and We the People will remember. #novotepompeo
But what will happen when The Rapture comes?!
Just another crook. #SSDD 
Re: His oil and gas foray is going to come back and bite the @GOP.
...he's a terrible choice & Trump is going to jail! #TrumpRussia #MoronInChief
#ProtectMueller if you care about this country ...

What a sad day for the United States of America and the world.
Criminals, all of you.  Just trying to set those in power who will support your asinine agenda to rape our economy and our democracy (what's left of it).
Your such an arse kissing ole geezer. It’s hard to believe someone can reach your age and not have one ounce of integrity your not even a grown up. Turtleman  please resign your position or I will be in jail very soon, #countryfailure
Fascist #UnamericanPhuks and that includes the @SenateDems who voted for this despicable human being!
Someday we all reach the same place- call it what you will- death, transformation, heaven or hell. How will your life work stand up?
You people need to at LEAST act like you work FOR us and in OUR interest...and that you are grateful for the opportunity and monies paid to you!!  I'm sick of ALL of you who drag your feet, dragging POTUS!!   Get a FASTER MOVE ON for this country!!
#Pompeo is just what our country doesn’t need; another racism
Confirming a biased lap dog. Great news!
Bet he doesn't have a foundation or wife you need to donate to for access to our Government!!!
Another corrupt unfit nominee.  You will go down in history as one of the most Corrupt & Obstructive Senate leaders in our nations history.  11/6/2018.
You know, Mitch, real turtles are more interesting than you. Sad.
Got to love a man with Stolen Valor
Get your ass to work 1 damn nominee a week isn’t ok, the senate should be in session 7 damn days a week until every all  judge/cabinet/ambassador nominees are confirmed should be completely done by beginning of summer.
Outstanding!! It's about time!!! #MAGA
Today as with every day came b4 it...u r a partisan hack
Now can you please get the rest of Trump's nominees through and stop the Dems from holding this up.
About time!!
Hope your right
Big mistake,  but look at Pruitt, devos, Flynn, carson, etc., @gop are notorious for confirming criminals, losers, and unfit candidates.
This isn't something you should be proud of, yet here you are.
We are paying attention to Republicans as well as do nothing Democrats it is way past time for the GOP to get our Presidents agenda moving stop playing footsie with the Do nothing Democrats lower the number of votes need with Nuclear option we are tired of obstructionists.

That’s not something to be proud of. This potus cannot get good people to work with him and has to continually recycle people. Soon, he will run out of recyclable folks and then what? Can we kick him out of office then?
And next year when McConnell is no longer majority leader, the Senate will hold it's first impeachment hearing for Donald J. Trump.
It’s about time. Your lack of support for We The People is shameful 
why so few judges confirmed??????
Geez! Talk about shitty talent scouting and acquisition! Only the best right? What a joke of an administration and a worse joke of a party.
Are you sure about that, Mitch?
Please start working 7 days a week to appoint the nominee's  the #Country  needs to #Moveforward faster. This is #Obstruction what is happening.
Maybe the second time in a year that ANYONE has been confirmed.
GREAT NOW YOU NEED TO MAKE THE CONGRESS WORK MORE DAYS TO PASS MORE BILLS  THE PRESIDENT AND THE PEOPLE WANT STARTING WITH PASS A BILL FOR MONEY TO BUILD THE WALL GET THE MONEY FROM REMOVING ALL ILLEGALS FROM ANY BENEFITS THE USA PROVIDES NOW PUT AMERICA FIRST

It’s past time for the Senate to vote to confirm Mike Pompeo to be our next Secretary of State.
Great! We want the Wall constructed. We want Obamacare killed! Do your job Senator! The American voters said this in 2016-2017. #TCOT
Did you hear about the @foxandfriends interview with @realDonaldTrump? I think you may want to hold off on the champagne.
How about The Ambassador to Germany?
Now get the others confirmed! Do your job!
STF Up!
Such a celebration to have someone who exasperates conspiracy theories leading a department of diplomats who use knowledge, relationship building, and diplomacy to keep world peace.  Good work.
#FakeGOP bought and paid for...
If Rand Paul hadn’t flipped, Pompeo wouldn’t be confirmed. That’s a pretty low bar for “bipartisan.” #DitchMitch
I thought you said the Democrats we're blocking everything. Which is it?
Congratulations on doing your job. Now, get to work AND GET THE REST CONFIRMED!!!!
Not really. CIA Director didn’t become a cabinet-level position until after his confirmation.

What the He** are you allowing this vote to take away present and future Presidents right to fire special council ! Wow this senate and congress are the most inept ,just plain stupid bunch America has ever had! I hope everyone will be voted out!
Bet all you haters and nay sayers don't even know mike Pompeo all ready went and met with NK on denuclearization And others Y'all are truly hating on and being ignorant! This is a good thing for the Republic of America.  Who doesn't want peace in the middle east?OH YEAH GLOBALIST

