@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Why r there exemptions from #H1B Limits?! Putting ForeignBornWorkers above qualifiedCitizens = Corruption

@realDonaldTrump~Don’t believe theLies!
DOES NOT NEED TO IMPORT ANY Visa EMPLOYEES! #EnforceEVerify NOW
Recent MPI Study reveals that "the number of H-1B visas issued in fiscal year 2016 exceeded the cap of 85,000 by about three times due to approval of petitions from employers exempt from the cap."  https://www.numbersusa.com/news/study-employers-exempt-h-1b-cap-triple-visa-numbers … #h1bvisa
The CEO's firing American's and replacing them with H1B scum should be hung for treason. How sick to sell out your fellow citizens for a few extra dollars.
Yeah true but u shud also think about the other side. Wen a person gets promoted by a company they often switch companies just for money do u think is that ok?
GFURSELF Mitch
Amen. Lying turtle took care of the 1% not us.
How about making those communities safe?!? You are failing,
At Walmart:  the average bonus was $190.

“...the total value of Walmart’s bonuses was $400 million, which seems like a lot until you learn that over 10 years the value of the tax cut to the corporation will be $18 billion.”

2.22%.    

Crumbs?   Yep.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/plum-line/wp/2018/02/27/shocker-democrats-predictions-about-the-gop-tax-cut-are-coming-true/ …
Idiot
No, it just steals money from the poor and gives it to the rich.
Not one penny should have been taken from the less fortunate and given to the rich. You are not fooling us at all, no matter how you try to spin the lie. #VoteThemOut2018 #BlueWave2018
We the people would actually like less big business.
You need to retire. You need to stand with our President or get out.
This guy still believes that if you repeat the lie often enough, it becomes truth.
There has to be a demand for goods and services.
and explain the GOP support of the president's tariff proposals---that will undo most of the gains as higher costs will be passed on to consumers
Congressman
What would you do if you could stop the murder of 1000 us citizens who are kill by legal drugs. 
And don't say Congress can t do any thing about it 
Remember next Sunday another 1000 will die .
Mitch, You are out of there. I blame the President for signing the Monster Spending Bill. Whear where you and PAUL RYAN when this bill was being drawn up. I could see the pain in Trumps face. He had better go after you and Paul.
The best we can do to improve our communities and our total country is to get this mentally ill  nut out the presidency.
yeah? where?
When are you having a town hall?
You are so WRONG !   GET BUSY GETTING RID OF Trump.
LIAR
Do not donate to the GOP never ever trust them ! Our government is fully corrupt! Mitch and Ryan are cowards bought by the globalist. They do not care about America! Ditch Mitch!!
Can anyone be more full of shit than you non-leader McConnell. Repubs wait a year when you see your income start the downward spiral.
You don’t seem to know the first thing about economic development Mitch. Shouldn’t you have informed advisors?
U might also create new job training program for 21st century.
We didn’t eject you or Ryan. Elected President Trump!
The best way to breath new life into America is DRAIN THE SWAMP! The best way to breath new life into America is DRAIN THE SWAMP! The best way to breath new life into America is DRAIN THE SWAMP! The best way to breath new life into America is DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Zero funding for plan parenthood and sanctuary cities. Zero funding for plan parenthood and sanctuary cities. Zero funding for plan parenthood and sanctuary cities. Zero funding for plan parenthood and sanctuary cities. Zero funding for plan parenthood and sanctuary cities.
Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !! Resign !!
Shame on you! Listen up buddy we didn’t elect you or your side kick Ryan. President Trump works for us we demand zero funding for plan parenthood & sanctuary cities. All funding for wall & military. President Trump will veto you pathetic bill. Drain the swamp! Mitch has got to go
You decreased income tax for the very rich with your #TaxScam & now you are increasing the deficit?? That is poor planning. Who do you work for??#shameonyou
I guess Shumer is running the Senate. Time for you to retire
BS
None of that matters if you don't pass a reasonable budget with spending cuts
Then why did you cowardly refuse to bring any of the House passed Budget Bills to the floor of the Senate for months and then cram the Omnibus Spending Bill full of Democrat priorities down the throat of Congress.  Force the Democrats to go on record voting against Defense coward
Like opening new Planned Parenthood facilities to murder more preborn babies paid for by the American government....which is actually We the People! Not happy with Republicans. Why did we elect you anyway?
Resign get your body paul with http://you.build  the wall
Resign and take your lap dog Ryan with you!! You suck!! You fear the Dems, why? Bet they have stuff on you and Paul too! You work for us! You forget that too often, we won’t forget in midterms
Do not even pretend you are behind a strong America, a protected America! Don't pretend you care one iota, what the American people want, & voted for! You are a traitor to the USA, our President, and the citizens of this country!
That is exactly how it works and makes way too much sense. 

Progressive Liberals are going to hate it.
Go F yourself. You're f'ing useless.
I’m fairly certain that if workers are paid better they would be able spend more on goods and services.... unlike the wealthy CEOs who stash away their excessive wealth.   Take care of the average worker and you will take care of the economy.
Does it address the problem of domestic gun violence and home grown right wing  terrorists?
#StopThePorkulusOmnibus
idiot.
Can't  wait to vote you out .....

You caved to Chuck....shame

If that's the case why 1.3 trillion spending bill don't worry sir I have one vote and am one of your constituents guess what my vote is not for you I will not vote for you period I do not care if a Rat runs against you it gets my vote
Real tax reform may have done that but not that piece of legislative crap  you slammed into place.
Your party's #TaxReform bill doesn't do that.
That's what Oklahoma said. Just the other day they admitted that their experiment in voodoo economics had failed just like in Kansas. Your plan is just theirs writ large.
How did a career government employee like Sen McConnell become a multimillionaire
As a catastrophically disabled lady, a Federal program is keeping me alive. When I hear you politicians talk like this, I wish I could trade places with you for a month, let you suffer the extreme pain, indignity I face every minute, every day, on Medicaid. Let you experience it.
Who are you trying to convince us or you!
It also saddles the U.S. with a tremendous amount of debt. I thought the GOP were supposed to be the party of fiscal responsibility? You guys really are clueless.
Exactly. Well put Mr Speaker
That's philosophically right
Except for the cities, as #CrookedHillary would say, thriving, innovative & diverse........those cities have the highest homeless & streets look like 3rd world sh*tholes!!!  Govt shoving $$$ into pockets is not helping communities!!
Get the hell out and stop running our government they way you think it should be run..you, Ryan. Pelosi and Schumer
Get the hell out you helped Obama ruin our country
Bull shit
...and to vote you and your old, corrupt cohorts out of office and let the country move forward!
If only you thought babies were worth saving so they could live in your American dream for better communities. But, you support PP, and it’s ok with you that you spend Americans’ tax dollars to murder innocent children.
No, that’s #capitalism and it hasn’t been working
Good point. America is only the most prosperous economy in human history. Wait, what was your point again? Sorry, you’re gonna have to get some facts.
Then why are you putting out this democrat budget full of democrat spending and no wall finding or cut to planned parenthood. What’s wrong with you. Go to 51 votes. It’s in your hands. Tired of you not using you majority. So angry out here. You’re going to lose votes in midterm
Americorps and other civil works programs like Civil Corp. of Engineers provide structure and less “maybe if’s” for recovery
Your dishonest and obstructionist lips are moving.
We know who you serve.
I see the obstructionist hypocrite is checking in to polish the #GOPTaxScam turd. No one believes you, Mitch. You paid back your wealthy donors with massive, permanent tax cuts. You exploded the deficit. Now you want to add to the debt with huge military spending.
Yes I saw news cast in LA where they only wanted more stuff for the 60,000 homeless junkies who piss and poop in the streets, more money won’t fix them it will only help them OD quickly
Do you not realize your #TaxReform is causing heartburns and heartaches to many seniors because the volatility in the stock market? If your tax reform is so great why is the market reacting negatively? REMEMBER- This will hurt the @GOP in November.

It’s to vote you out
Don’t worry your DOTARD President will screw things with his tariffs
Why would you support the Omnibus Bill when it still funds PP and Sanctuary cities? Angry with the game players and Omnibus Bill! @POTUS Enough! Veto that Bill!  It hurts America.  One more Schumer win and American people loose.
Build the wall!!!!!!!!
You need to resign.  The GOP needs to work on its credibility.
Then why are you allowing special interests groups write the laws? You are a traitor and should resign.
BULLSHIT

No this is what your tax reform does...
The best way to achieve growth, get control of our borders, and reign in rampant corruption in DC is for you and what passes for GOPe "leadership" to resign and be replaced by constitutional conservatives ready, willing and able to live up to their oaths of office.
resign??? Hell no! They deserve to be tried as the criminal traitors that they are. When you're complicit, you're just as guilty. When you take Russian money...you are an effing TRAITOR.  When you commit treason, that means death.
I live in Midland MI & the community is well-connected & helps each other! Another area:
I heard FB say that we have to stop companies like Cambridge Analitica! Prz.O used Same info. gathered from Apps in 2008. DON’T SELL SHARE!!!!
You bring in new businesses but you also bring in the 3rd world to fill the jobs.  You’re destroying the American worker and you know it.  Disgraceful.
We want the Wall. This is what we voted for   We did NOT vote for the Ryan/McConnell agenda.  63 Million Voters are watching
Why aren't you doing something to address the elephant in the room? Trump is clearly under some threat by Putin: either financial or blackmail. You have sold our country for your worthless #TaxScam
And you actually think tax break will do this? Get real.
You coward get rid of cloture and get stuff done. You are not being a leader and fully supporting our President
No it doesn’t . Stop lying you Russian stooge
You sir need to retire by voting you out!
No, the #GOPTaxScam added intolerable debt to our already intolerable deficit.

The #GOPTaxScam dollars have gone almost exclusively to stock buybacks.  That enriches the stockholder....and the management folks who will get significant bonuses this year.
But NOT a one trillion dollar budget.
Make the middle class pay for it! That’s what you’re doing. My taxes went up, asshole. And I am NOT making over $75k on my teacher salary.
Please resign you are in the midst of a corruption scandal

The Omnibus bill is despicable. Shame on Republicans!
OK, then don't vote for building the tunnel. Would be inventing a new program while all of the old infrastructures are in "dire need" of repair.
Still touting that danged #GOPTaxScam as a boon for Main Street? #DidYouThinkAmericansAreThatStupid ?
Oh really??
Is that why companies are just dying to move to Kentucky??
STFU 
You're the richest Senator, for the poorest state.... and you've been there 30 yrs
WAKE UP KENTUCKY!!
#LiarsAndWeasels
It has not quit lying. The CEO’s told you the tax cut wouldn’t do that and the GOP didn’t listen. We need training program for clean energy & green projects are the future of this country. Tariffs on products that are needed for the jobs of the future will not improve the economy
VOTE MCCONNELL OUT
And Stop Russia from infiltrating our country.
Great Idea!

Wow, your lies are quite clever. Too bad those that matter aren’t buying them

Using CA communities as your blueprint? What a crock!
Mitch, fight for President Trump’s agenda. #ConfirmGrenell 
Mitch, fight for President Trump’s agenda! #BuildThatWall 
Why don’t u retire to China  They’re your paymasters
Liar! You're shilling for a monster, Turtle-boy.
Ask the 600 people in Wisconsin if that's how it works! Kimberly Clarke announced Millions of dollars in stock buy backs and dividends while giving those 600 hard-working people pink slips..so much for trickle down
Right, like opening coal mines, strip mining national parks, drilling offshore near beaches and building walls.
What you're proposing is called gentrification.
Give up Senate/Congress exemption to ACA(OPM rule 78 Fed. Reg. 60653-01)
@SpeakerRyan @NancyPelosi @SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
 
Are you going to finish fixing the healthcare mess? Mid/Inc citizens still…
Lie lie lie
Every time u speak u sound more moronic. Did u go to school? The only ones who got “TAX REFORM” are u and your crooked cronies. STOP with u and your TAX REFORM! That’s all u talk about. How about that CLOWN u elected President try talking about the lousy job he did & is doing.
#Omnibust 

Grade=fail

#ConfirmGrenell
Wow, what a spin to justify your tax breaks to the wealthy!
The truth #GOPTaxScam was for the wealthy! #GOP ignores #Trump profiting from presidency and has taken no action to prevent future #ElectionMeddling #DoYourJob


You’re so deep in your trump hip boots, Yertle
Except that it enriches the 1% while screwing over people who live and work in high tax places like NYC.    AND raises the deficit.   Your tax law is garbage.
No!  You are going down in history as the architect of the TAX SCAM!
Dude GO HOME 
Yes, #TaxReform and #Tariffs is the path to helping struggling communities. And don’t forget your excellent plan to deregulate banks once again.  My personal favorite: taxpayer funded Sexual Harassment Funds for Wayward Elected Officials.
But with your New Funding Bill that is exactly what you are doing...creating new Government Programs while increasing the deficit. Come November why vote for Republicans?
Try not to over close it Mitch. You've already got the sale.
Caveat emptor!!
So, how much money and how many new businesses do you personally commit to contribute? What?  You don't have extra money to throw around? Look in your Russia / Nazi / Koch extra bank account.



Is that why u fund sanctuary cities,  
You killed the republican party
@SenateMajLdr DO AWAY WITH CLOTURE VOTES. THEY ARE DUMB. I KNOW FILIBUSTERS ARE DIFFICULT BUT YOU KNOW AS WELL AS I WE DO NOT NEED CLOTURE VOTES ON @POTUS NOMINEES !!!!!
Liar!
A Tax Scam.
Get a grip. "Morgan Stanley’s analysts are predicting that 43 per cent of the total amount of tax savings will be spent on dividends and buybacks, compared with 30 per cent on capex and employee compensation and just 8 per cent on “balance sheet repair”."
No, the best way is to remove scoundrels such as yourself from public, (self) “service”. #DrainTheDeepStateSwamp
Build the wall...No dreamers round them up and deportation
Cut spending and Separate the military spending bill from all the other BS spending.
Wrong
The bill that you , @SpeakerRyan agreed with Dems is a disgrace an slap to the faces of American voters that gave @realDonaldTrump a clear mandate. You are a sold out and never part of MAGA, The no funding of wall, funding of murderers PP is a total disgrace and lack of morals
audit the government --ASAP
WHEN IS THE MINIMUM WAGE GOING TO BE RAISED TO BRING PEOPLE OUT OF POVERTY. PEOPLE ARE GOING HUNGRY IN AMERICA, YOU AND THE OTHERS IN YOUR PARTY COULD CARE LESS. ALL YOU WORRY ABOUT IS TAX CUTS FOR THE RICH AND YOURSELVES..LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS..
Nothing you say can get you out of the troubles you've created for yourself! Your traitorous actions require you to RESIGN!!! NOW!!!
I'd hate to see what you consider "attractive."

You cannot hide your #corruption (although you try) 

DEMAND CREATES THE ECONOMY !

Not #welfare for the rich hoping they give crumbs for the rest. 

#dumblogic #corporateWelfare #GOP #GOPTaxScam #Hannity
Thank you! We are a middle class family whose tax burden will be reduced by $4000 annually. I did the math.
And tell me "Leader" McConnell, how the paltry tax reform I'm seeing compares to the unjustifiable expenses your party is racking up for tables,doors,phone booths and first-class airfare.  Aren't you and your brethren my employees?  You all should submit expense requests to us!
Mary Lou, Do not forget, Addison (his real name) has net worth of about $20 million dollars from his bribery & extortion racket that he runs in the U.S. Senate.  Frog-face polio-man has done quite well for himself with his malice, cruelty and deceit.  He is implementing Koch Bros
The best thing for America is you leaving office.
You're a quack .. you must be rich
Amen Mr. McConnell. Keep up the good work!
You should be the last Senate dork allowed to use a word like “attractive.”
So that's why you are starting opportunity zones ... a new government project... you talk out of both sides of your mouth and another body part.  #ResignMcConnell
