“McConnell allowed only 20 confirmations of district and circuit judges during Obama’s last two years, a modern low according to congressional statistics. Already he has confirmed 32 judges for Trump, including Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch”
1. You haven't killed as many as you claim https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2017-12-11/trump-takes-credit-for-killing-hundreds-of-regulations-that-were-already-dead …
2. Those you've cut have allowed corporations to pad profits by
dumping effluent in rivers
dumping coal waste in rivers
car companies polluting the air more
developers to build in flood areas
on and on and on...
You're a Burden on America.
How about chopping away at FILIBUSTER.... McConnell
You know the next POTUS will “chip away” all this BS you have done.....
Sure just pollute, let factories and corporations run wild you short sighted imbecile.
Chop this!
Keep flailing, fool. All of this will be overturned next year.

Why won’t you #ProtectMueller?

Question- since your wife is in trump cabinet - should we assume this is why you possibly refuse to protect Mueller with a signed bill that everyone wants ?  Should you not be the one to make that call due to conflict of interest being that your wife is a cabinet member ?

Change the stupid self-imposed Senate "rules" & get something done. By any standard, u are failing because u have ALLOWED the Dems to obstruct from day one. Change the votes to limit debate rules to 50 for example. If u are unwilling to make changes stay in session till midnight.
I doubt you'll think this was a good idea when democrats take the Senate (likely in 2020, but 2018 is looking better and better). Those rules exist for a reason.
I hope and pray the Dems. don't take control of the House or Senate. Republicans had better wake up, organize, and come out and vote so it won't happen.
Also, nobody is preventing bills from being put forth on the floor or from being actively debated. But, as you said, elections have consequences. Right now it's 51/49, which means the voters essentially voted down the middle and poll after poll shows the public wants consensus.
The Democratic Senate has openly adopted the "resist" movement. They have engaged in every "rule" to bring the Senate to a halt. They have also refused to allow votes on Presidential nominations at a rate far beyond anything we have seen. So permit me the doubt about consensus.
I hate the whole whataboutism thing but it's appropriate here. If you'll recall, when President Obama nominated a qualified person for the SC it was republicans who stonewalled it. You can lay quite a bit of blame at @SenateMajLdr 's feet.
Yes, that is a whataboutism argument. Of course, two wrongs don't make a right, but it is also a matter of degree. The Democrats have been horrible since the election. They simply will not accept Donald Trump as President and have one aim: remove him from office.
That's a perspective. Another would be that the current president is putting forth historically unqualified candidates. Betsy DeVos comes to mind.
We know why the regulations were put in place...after that recession and reckless spending....necessitating  bail outs....Obama put those in place to protect American  economy. ...you are busy scoring cheap points..
Moscow Mitch
Never forget Obama went to Congress Intel Committee & asked to release Russian interference. @SenateMajLdr said ‘if u do, I will paint this as political interference!’ 
#Regulations = #Protections. You and #GOP are "chopping away" at American consumers, workers and environment.
So when there are more workplace accidents and deaths who you gonna blame? Oh, I know, that black president you hated so much for being elected to a second term.  Am I right?
What are you trying to role back?  Looks like numerous refs goes back to the 90’s. How are those Obama regulations?
Also known as protections to the public and social infrastructure.  Nice job in your destruction that harms people
Taking Flint Michigan as your example of burdensome regulations? Your actions ar criminal. #ProtectOurDemocracy
That damn burdensome clean water and financial protection.
Flint Michigan still has lead in their water.
Is finding out how the Russian's interfered with our election too burdensome?  Do Your Job.
I hope your grandchildren don't need clean water to drink or clean air to breath, or the benefit of a social safety net, or the interest in seeing the natural wonders of our country. Burdensome, my ass. Money's going in the @GOP's pockets, period.
Oh, joy, I can't wait to choke to death on the smog that will return to NYC, the tainted water from the streams you are allowing to be contaminated,  or the food that is now going to be poisoned by long banned pesticides.  How bout you?
I cannot wait for the elections in KY. You will no longer be in office!

Follow Ryan out the door, you've been around long enough to KNOW all the scams,and misdeeds that the so called conservative party have done. Cutting taxes to mainly benefit the rich , and ya'll keep raising the Defense budget...which at about 650Billion is well over half of total
The truth is you don't want poor people to live Yoh would like for us to die because your scared you might lose a dollar . See if gold gets you in heaven #Shameonyou
WTF @SenateMajLdr? 'No indication that Mueller is going to be fired" ???
EVERY ONE this crazy @potus FIRES HAS HAD NO WARNING WHATSOEVER.
What more indication DO YOU NEED???

Republicans Push Bill To Protect Mueller, Without McConnell's Support
I hope you don' t like sea food...because it all headed north...thanks to reversal of Obama regs...living American waters...water to warm
What is with your hate towards @BarackObama? 

Besides, who needs clean drinking water?
Who needs safe products?
Who needs an environment?  I mean, it's just a rock we live on. 

Who cares?  You don't, that's for sure.  You're such a hater. #ResignNow

Germane to McConnell's refusal to bring the Mueller bill to the floor, let's rewind to an Aug '17 story in which we learned McConnell's PAC received $2.5M out of a total $7.35M given to GOP campaign PACs by a Ukraine-born oligarch directly linked to Oleg Deripaska and Putin. 1/2
@GOP will be remembered as being culpable with the attack on democracy!  As how you stood by and CHOSE not to protect Mueller @SenateMajLdr .  How you put business over the consumer leaving us vulnerable! We will remember you as amoral! Placing gun lobby over people! #NeverForget
While you chop away at American ethics.
History will judge you harshly for helping to destroy our democracy & our environment. You may not care, but your descendants will.  Traitor.

Mitch McConnell's super PAC took $40,570,000 from 4 of Trump's largest donors 2015-2016 election cycle. This might factor into McConnell's decision not to #ProtectMueller. Let me be clear. Today what…
#Senate continuing to chop away at Burdensome freedoms and rule of law by refusing to protect special counsel.
You pos. Deregulating Profit iver Life is your agenda
You criminal seditionist
Mitch - you are a complete tool; you’re not “chopping away” regulations, you’re allowing corporations to take advantage of private citizens #traitor
Your 1.3 trillion tax break to 1% of the country is the burden.  Taking away tax revenue & then blaming the poor is why KY as a state sucks
Obama regulations were so bad that the economy grew from the greatest downfall since the stock market crash in the early 1900s. 
Businesses reported the greatest gains, the GOP propaganda that it was so burdensome is so misguided, in fact it is a bold face lie
The burden is on whom? I believe that was your billionaire donors wasn't it? It certainly wasn't on the poor or middle class. Someday this country will adopt medical care for all-when you and your ilk are gone.
So clean air & water is "burdensome," is it? You should add that you are "chopping away" at our constitution as well. That you are unwilling to protect the investigation into the most corrupt POTUS in History shows you are just as crooked as he.
#AllowTheVote
#ProtectMueller
Leave us some clean water n air n internet speed, dont mess with social security n Obama care, live Medicare n Medicaid alone, can't pay 4 d 13 trillion, get d money back from d mercers n kock family
we are ready oro your derelict  inaction Leader McConnell:
People need to chop away at you McConnell, your NOT MAGA
SHOULD BE "CHOPPING AWAY" AT MITCH'S DESK TO GIT OUT>>
When are you going to do something about Russia meddling in our country's affairs? Obviously the protection of the American Way is not at the top of your list. You did receive funds from Russia?? Is that the reason? A bill for babies gets to floor but #ProtectMueller does not?
Doesn't matter to you if the air becomes foul or the water not drinkable. You're old and will die before it gets really bad. But how do you sleep knowing what you're doing to your grandchildren?

How about you protect our democracy from the Orange menace
Chopping away consumer's protection.
Why do you support treason and corruption??...Yes you read that right.
You, sir, are a blight on the ass of humanity.  Shame on you for fighting everything Obama wanted and not fighting Trump more.  History will not be kind to you, nor should it.
Yeah like that whole clean air and water rule. I mean why do we even need that? (Snark)
Do it fast. You do not have time
If it's too burdensome for you to make sure we protect our environment and the health and safety of the US, maybe it's time to step aside and let someone else handle it.
Yeah, fuck regulations, we are Americans, we want lead in our paint and water.
Oh the burden of having health insurance pay for treatment for the ill!

Chop. chop. chop.
I like clean water, air, streams,and not a fan of toxic waste. 
If you hate them all so much, drink fracking fluid.
You’re showing your recklessness
sounds like a bunch of maggots eating away at something... oh wait, that's exactly what it is
@SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan - If Trump does fire Rosenstein, it's on you two feckless toady Vichy puppets. You'll both be in the history books for your spineless groveling and genuflecting while your party aided and abetted a coverup. #coverup #ProtectMueller
He knows TRUMP will.
You're chopping because you're a hack.

You and your cronies have indeed "chopped away" at everything that makes America strong, beautiful, vibrant and admirable. Just because something good was done by a Dem President, doesn't make it bad or "burdensome". Stand up for justice! Earn your title, Leader McConnell!
You must have stock in albuterol

If Trump fires Mueller, the protests will not stop until you resign.
Fire sessions he is disgrace to atty general and not in GOP team.
Do you think the people don’t want the corruption to stop. And all those in the clinton Washington corruption to held to account. You will lose faith with public if you don’t move to get rid of sessions
Ever been sick?! Really Really SICK! Preventative Medical tests are saving American lives! THANKS OBAMA! Surely nothing you’ve EVER done has helped the PPL! You have a nasty innate hate for POTUS44, that’s on you! But we’re going to run you out of town in November! #PackYourBags
Burdensome? Like clean air? or drinking water that is safe to drink? Yeah, who needs that?
Burdensome regulations put in place to protect America and Americans from environmental health hazards, predatory lending, Wall Street greed, work place safety, discrimation of all kinds.
That kind of burdensome?
Nice job on killing that ridiculous Comey Special Council Bill Leader MCCONNELL. Can't believe some RINOS supported it.

Let us all bow our heads over the spectacular death of the soul of #MitchMcConnell. Now, scrape this hollow carcass of a man out of the way and replace the shitbag GOP with people of integrity.
#DickVein
Please retire,  stop sustaining the swamp, let Trump get his agenda fone

Like drinkable water and breathable air? Thanks for that. It's s real gift to know pollution is on the rise again thanks to you and this administration. Good that you're proud of that.
Laws and regulations are used to guide more than to disturb people’s daily life’s activities, only those sensible leaders could understand this reason. Amen.
Go back into your shell. You are a horrible person.
They need to chop away at you. #ComplicitGOP #BlueWave2018
Legislating bureacratizing regs appeared to be have a (lopsided) life of its own; as if it was justification for employment and representation of Cits in our Republic; contraire - stifles intuitive and pvt sector employment expansion and opportunities for all parts of the whole.
Those regulations where put in place to keep thieves like you from raiding Americans! FU! @SenateMajLdr

What sucks the most is you never gave him a chance and he STILL got things done. Ps how is Russian collusion going to effect your leadership, you are the one who knew and did nothing remember?
Those same ones that protect us and the economy flourished under. 
Glad Democrats will be able to chop Republicans like you out of the Whitehouse real soon.
thanks
The American public has a right to know why you are blocking a bill for vote,  protecting Special Counsel Russia Investigation?  Your duty requires you to listen to your constitutents, and they overwhelmingly want this to come to a vote.
Regulations are consumer and worker protections, not a burden. #TaxScamBill
Yes we know you are. We saw it on the news with the plane that had to make an emergency landing in which one woman was killed.

resign
If you are Koch Brothers


This millionaire revealed his tax return to show just how much the GOP tax law favors the rich 
To benefit the rich and punish the opposition and no thought for the poor.
I am more concerned with your backing of a corrupt president and Russia.

IMF predicts US will be the only advanced economy in the world to have its debt-to-GDP ratio get worse in the next five years as the government budgets become even more unbalanced https://wapo.st/2J71Zxg?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.3643994b70c3 …
Drop dead you stupid fuck.
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#CorruptGOP 
#ComplicitGOP
#ProtectMueller 
#VoteThemOut 
#DonateBlue
How ironic that the biggest threat to this nation is the home grown white terrorists appointed to manage it. 
Maybe it's time for you to focus on creating some real legislation instead of a simple minded program of dismantling existing legislation...?
Protect Deputy attorney Rod Rosenstein & Mueller Do your job! Where do you stand Sir? It's time the GOP stop this nonsense it's not about what party you belong to its OUR DEMOCRACY. LIBBY? REALLY? I hope history will show the GOP came together in the end & stood up for justice.
& @SenateMajLdr keeps chopping away at KY, choosing Party over State & Party over Country again & again.
They may be a bit burdensome but they were designed to protect people, not corporations.  Why are you bragging?
Now look Mr “Senate majority leader” Obama is not in office.  Yet if he could run he’d win again.  I think it’s time to stop this nonsense nd govern.  Otherwise 2018/2020 is going to be bumped
Fu
You mean like clean air and water?
“Chopping away” makes me think about taking back your power. Not convinced you have used it to serve the ordinary citizens you serve.
God I hate you with a red hot, seething fury that permeates every fiber of my being #youfuckingturtlefaceddouche
I don’t see any progress. @POTUS is getting rid of registration, u need to activate the 51 majority vote. Americans r waiting for ur action. WHEN MR. LEADER WILL WE GET ACTION. Time is running out. So far u have only been part of obstructing the house 500 bills the @HouseGOP sent
@GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @GOPChairwoman @GOPLeader @GOPoversight @GOPSenFinance @HouseFloor @SenateFloor

Mr. McConnell, I am baffled but not completely surprised of your failure to bring to the floor any measure to protect the Special Counsel. If Trump does, your gamble will be the first thing said about you in history books. Your entire legacy will be defined by how this plays out.
We need to chop away at dinosaurs like you in public office. You are useless, worthless and obsolete. Quit now while you're ahead before your connection to Russia is uncovered.
The GOP has rolled back regulations to protect broadband consumer privacy.
The #GOP has rolled back regulations to curb bribery and corruption in the energy industry.
The GOP has rolled back regulations to stop coal companies from dumping waste into streams and waterways.
When Mueller and Rosenstein are fired, you will be only remembered for not protecting them from Trump.
Traitor, you're going down.
These regulations are there to protect American consumers.  The GOP is about to scrap safeguards that stop auto lenders from discriminating based on race.
You sir, have become a mere puppet. And I hate puppet shows.
Please repeal mega rules that go in effect every November, it’s focus is redundant paperwork not patients,wastes time and money and no benefit for people

When the dark chapter of the Trump presidency is written in the history books, the harshest criticism will be reserved for the GOP leadership in Congress, which put party over country and refused to defend our institutions and the rule of law when they were most at risk. …
You’re a 
We’re ready to chop away at a burdensome Majority Leader.
Mitch "the Moscovite" McConnell.   @SenateMajLdr

https://twitter.com/Philip_Elliott/status/986336651181019138 …
Yeah, who the fuk needs clean air, clean drinking water, safe food or safe working conditions! Let the polluters fuk ANYTHING the want to save PROFITS!
PROFITS OVER PEOPLE!
You mean those pesky regulations that protect abusers of senior citizens in facilities from lawsuits? Or that burdensome regulation that blocks “trophies” aka elephant tails, etc. from being allowed in the country? 

#hypocrisy #nofaith #notrust #noconfidence
Thank God again!!
Thank God!
very sad.  regulations were to protect our environment , workers and children. republicans dont care about them
clean water is overrated.

#ThePeople will continue “chopping away” at burdensome, traitorous GOP Senators and Representatives in November 2018.
Racist motives
Like child labor laws and EPA regulations that required he atmosphere to remain partially oxygenated. #RepublicanLegacy

Like clean air and water?  From banks, which have started subprime lending AGAIN?  Remember the near depression the GOP caused 2007?  Your party doesn't have the smarts to learn from your mistakes.  Your only interests are how much dark money you're putting in you coffers.
Isn’t it time for you to retire and let a real leader who won’t kowtow to Trump take charge?
You are the worst of the worst. Don’t know how you face yourself in the mirror
We’ll be chopping away at your tax reform and paying forever for the debt. Resign MCConnell now!
Chopping away means hurting the little guy. Shame on you for the harm you are doing to the environment, the economy, health care, education, help for those who need it most, and on and on and on.
Stupid turtle.

you mean undermining access to healthcare for the middle class....

You just want to make the rich, richer
Yes, clean air and water are “burdens.” Is your treachery also a burden?

Obama protected this country.  You are raping it.
REGULATIONS WERE MADE TO PROTECT  CITIZENS  HEALTH OF US.INSTEAD GOP ALLOWS COMPANIES TO PUT POISIONAS CHEMICALS INTO OUR RIVERS & STREAMS
#ProtectMueller
MANY OF THE REGULATIONS WAS TO PROTECT US CITIZENS HEALTH LIKE CLEAN RIVERS & STREAMS.& http://AIR.GOP  DOESN'T GIVE A DAMN YOU LET COMPANIES PUT CHEMICALS COAL SLUDGE IN OUR RIVERS & STREAMS RUINING OUR HEALTH!
Seriously you are so pathetic, come November you will be wondering why you lost the house and maybe the senate too. Duh I don't know Mitchy, might have something to do with you and the rest of the #GOP being so pathetically ignorant it's beyond comprehension.
When rubles talk, McConnell listens.
Mitch McConnell's super PAC took $1 million in 2017 from Russian born billionaire who made a large portion of his money under Putin in Russia. He's taken $2.5 million in total from the same Russian. #DitchMitch …
LMAO!

Those "burdensome" regulations actually protect the US and the world from wankstains like you, Pruitt and Trump!
Great! Keep it up.

Out of spite.
Kentucky, be smart and vote MoronMitch OUT! He doesn’t represent Kentucky. He represents Big$Donors and Big$Lobbyists.
Regulations = Safety. You are certainly chopping away our safety and our democracy.
Dear underpaid McConnell staff,

Does the continuous flow of gratuitous greed, racism, sexism, and xenophobia seem to fill the hole in your boss’s soul, or has it made deeper that abyss?
So my wife and I both work full time. I am college prof if not for the affordable care act we would be unable to afford our infant sons surgey that is happening this week. But you know you care about working folks don’t you? Actions louder then words.
Because who needs clean air (rolled back emissions regulations) or clean water (rolled back coal sludge regulations).
