I speak a little Republican. I’ll translate. “We’re going to screw the native Americans next”.
Know what you need to bring you the floor to vote on? The bipartisan bill to protect special counsel from being shut down by the subject of the investigation. #Mueller #WatergateTwo
When will you vote to protect Mueller?
How about bolstering the security of Robert Meuller’s inquiry? At least have a vote to show who is supporting this worthless President and who is not! But then again, you r one of the many Republicans missing their backbones...
Amen McConnell never ever does anything good for the people!  There is always a knife in his other hand!
Do something to protect mueller and Rosenstein @SenateMajLdr

@youre_the_rhoda
"Hey guys, it's been awhile* since the federal gov't fucked over American Indians. What've we got on the table?"

*Not really that long.

Finally, something good from you.
Donald "TRAITOR" Trump " and ass-licker McConnell deflect and bully all day.  No one is forgetting your racism,  sexual perversions, or criminality!

Should be a Russian flag.
So, in terms the average American, including “American Indians” as you would call my ancestors, legislation that will allow corporations and wealthy individuals to seize sacred land to rape and pillage for profit.
Like running pipelines through their land?
Five legged turtles are more and more easy to imagine.

#madscientistMitch
Unless there are mineral right on their lands. Then screw ‘em and build a pipeline.
When do you plan to advance legislation to address the millions of other cases of excessive federal regulation?
In other words "we're going to screw the non white Indians"
The same native Americans that were gassed?
Does this have anything to do with Pharma corps signing over questionable patents to tribes to avoid losing the patent during litigation?
I hope not! Sovereignty is freedom.
I also would love for you and wifey poo to be investigated for any illicit actions in obtaining money from undisclosed interests, which wld be criminal and against we the people you were supposedly working for.
There is talk of Ryan and McConnell being investigated!  I hope they are looking into McConnell's wife too she is in on this sh*t as well!  Wouldn't it be grand when they all go to prison!

Hey senator what about the Russian sanctions?
@SpeakerRyan  @HouseGOP  @SenateGOP  @NancyPelosi  @SenatorSchumer  I will look up your legislation, however, I remember the Lakota pipeline fiasco in the Dakota ' s a couple years back. There was severe military type persecution of tribal groups and you sat on your hands!
While you're at it how about protecting the sovereignty of America & all it's citizens by funding the southern boarder wall. #Senate
#FoxNews #IngrahamAngle
I have an idea! How about protecting Mueller and Rosenstein!
Why? They both have been found in the thick of it. Both should have recused themselves. If they are unable to investigate both parties, despite the evidence they admit they have found on the DNC, they should go.
You need to work on getting the President's appointments approved.
Enacting Russian sanctions is important Senator. Do your job or resign sir.
REPUBLICAN LIE REPUBLICAN B S .
How about we start building the wall we were promised?
Repeal the Windfall Act
Are you proud of the way your justice department has been working. You know congress does have oversight responsibilities. How do you sleep at night?
Now you are really reaching.
What about Trump's nominees waiting for congressional approval? Your playing cowboys and Indians.
Protect Mueller!
American Indian? Why don’t you call them what they really are, Native American or Indigenous. Indians come from India.
WE DO NOT CARE ABOUT THAT!!! Take care of Healthcare and Entitlements reform!!!
Go to Hell, Mc Connell.  You have never been in support of anyone except those who have & give you $$$!  You are a nothing to all of us now, we see who & what you are.  Never Again!  Ever!
Do something for all of us! Get to work or get out of the way! Why are you guys calling it in for the rest of the year? Why are we paying all of you, especially you because you don’t do a damn thing! I guess you want to be minority leader. Then you can act just as weak as now.
And the gop destroying thier land and water
Meanwhile, can we just sit for a moment and acknowledge your role in this current shit storm? 
#savemueller or #wemarch straight to your door Mitch
NOW YOU'RE CONCERNED ABOUT NATIVE AMERICANS?!?! What the hell happened over the past couple centuries?
Great. Now when will you honor your oath & protect America against the unhinged, unfit president who is publically attacking our institutions? #TrumpCrimeFamily #GOPComplicit #CountryOverParty

Does that mean internment camps will replace reservations?
Someone please buy @SenateMajLdr a #chin
Grow some b#lls and rein in 45

#LiberatingLegislations or more tricks?
That sounds good if it is true...
Well, that's great, but how about bolstering the proper sovereignty of the Special Counsel ?
So what's the catch? You wouldn't let it on the floor unless part or all of it is really bad.
Really? Yet you refuse to bring up legislation to protect Rosenstein o,r Mueller? Do you really give a damn about this country?
You can't do your Constitutional Duty to pass a budget, but you brag about bolstering the sovereignty of American Indian Tribes?  What the hell is the matter with you?
Do you want to give soverignity to native Americans? Not before time! Soverignity won't help them however, because you have a proven track record of attacking soverign nations, last one couple of days ago. Once oil or other resources found you will attack native Americans also.
“FASCIST CHRISTIANS need to understand my ability to accept government social service assistance, as a correcting allotment of economically affordable, compensatory ‘fairness,’ is difficult. IT DOESN’T warrant Public abuse & discrimination as a non-Christian.”

#FreeRealityWinner
really???
Criminal lawyers, porn stars, debt and deficits up. Better than house of cards but far more flakey
great!
NOW, time to protect #Mueller!
How about you and that worthless Senate bring some of the MANY Congressional Bills to the floor and pass them before Midterms so the GOP has a chance at Success OR Bring @realDonaldTrump @RepGoodlatte Immigration Law 4 Column Approach to the floor for a Vote with Nuclear Option!
How ‘bout them Russian sanctions?
Corrupt turtle go back in your shell
You. Are. Worthless.
Your such a waste, why would you not go nuclear and get the rest of the nominees confirmed? I know you hate President Trump, hell we all know it so please step down and let a real leader lead. #NewLeadership2018
Why do I assume this so certain companies can avoid regulations by operating in/exploiting native sovereign territory?
Did the President need Congress’ Approval before the attack on Syria’s Chemical Weapons?
No.
That’s what I thought... Thanks.
You should be moving heaven & earth to get @RichardGrenell confirmed - missed opportunity to negotiate that w/Schumer when budget deal was done. Very obvious it insults Germany to not have POTUS's nominee on the job
Gun control now
Thank you senator god turtle.
Lemme get out my Mitch-to-English translator:

"We are ending whatever federal protection Native Americans have enjoyed. We're rolling back things you never even knew existed. Because fuck you."
Mitch-to-English translator!  .  That is some funny shit right there.  Bravo.

... that's the best you have at this moment in history?

(And no disrespect intended to the sovereignty of American Indian tribes.)
You literally have your head in the sand. You need to wake up and observe the complete shit show swirling around your flaccid leadership. @seanhannity @potus @SpeakerRyan
What about money for the wall?
Tell him what u did to us a Kentucky family that Louisville and yaw stoled are money
Lying hypetcrit
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
ALWAYS ON THE WRONG CURRENT ISSUE. HOW ABOUT MUELLER ADDED TO THAT BILL.
Mueller's not getting fired lol

Term and Office Limits RESTRICTING YOU on Capitol Hill would go a LONG way in bolstering Americans confidence that RINOs are AGAINST a TYRANNICAL government instead of sharing the covers with communist Democrats!
Maybe you should ask the Native Americans how they feel about the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Hmmm thats it huh?
In the mean time #MafiaDon is.....
And yet he is winning!!!!
In other news, go nuclear, just like you promised Harry Reid 3 years ago.
Again????
Silly regulations...
