No sense of duty ,we are Americans not dems and reps.Change you’re attitude and maybe you can live up to the title of leadership.
If you bums spent as much time working together, as opposed to bitching and finding fault, a lot could be accomplished. Disgusting
#ObstructionOfJustice
It seems we skipped Julius Caesar and went straight to Nero. Either way, the Republic is in danger and you are one of the ones endangering it! Glad somebody's trying to obstruct your slide to criminal conspiracy! Hear the vote to protect Mueller!
Go nuclear option simple majority AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE! You were put through the wringer for the last 8 years with their tactics. WE EXPECT YOU TO RECIPROCATE #MAGA END THE DOUBLE STANDARD! Push back sir.
Put through the wringer??? Now THAT’S funny. Mitch is the biggest obstruction politician in history.
@SenSchumer, the country has not forgotten what @SenateMajLdr did to the constitution with the Garland nomination. And it becomes increasingly clear that the president was illegitimately elected through collusion with a hostile foreign state. #NOTONEMOREJUDGE
Ummm.. HISTORIC OBSTRUCTION" is disregarding The US Constitution and stealing a Supreme Court Seat. And let's be honest, you did it because President Obama is black and you're a racist. You're also a coward. Maybe @realDonaldTrump should grab your pussy.

2009, on Obama's inauguration day, McConnell said this; "if President Obama wants it,  even if it's good for America, Republicans must oppose it." Thus began eight damn years of Republican obstructionism of President Obama. So McConnell how dare you call democrats obstructionist.
Please keep Senate in session 24/7 until all nominees have had debate and vote. No recess. No vacation until the senate has done the job they were elected to do.
You obstructed the supreme court pick. You're a real hypocrite Mac.

Nobody got this :(
And, these are not highly qualified candidates. E.g., your confirmation of a unbelievably unqualified candidate for NASA.
This is what Republicans did to Democrats and President Obama for eight years.
Keep them in session until all the backlog is cleared. Go nuclear if you have to.  This BS has to stop now
What do you call what you did during the last year+ of President Obama's term in office sir??? You need to take your blindly ignorant support of trumpy and GO HOME!
You blame Dems? That is rich. You obstruct justice daily.
From the looks of the comments here bubba your beat .....
Chief United States Circuit Judge Merrick B, Garland sends his greetings.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  
Some Majority Leader that can't govern with a Republican Majority so blames the Minority Party;
#Senate Democrats' historic obstruction https://bit.ly/2qsNZGE 

Where does you and your buddies' obstruction of Obama fit, historically speaking? Like, when you denied the duly elected (pop. vote and EC vote winner) @POTUS44 the ability to nominate Merrick Garland? How do you think history will regard you and other Repubs?
You won't like what happens if trump fires Mr. Rosenstein. You are looking like you are complict.
Well get off your ass as muster up some support!
So says #CaptainObstructo, king of republican obstructionists

Obstruction like you not allowing a bill to be debated on securing that the current investigation on Russia continues?
coming from King obstruction, Supreme Court seat stealing, complicit with putin puppet...the hypocrisy is beyond the pale
Sounds more like historic inability of the #SenateMajorityLeader to lead the Senate and/or a woefully poor choice of nominees.
May the democrats give you the same consideration you showed to them during Obama's two terms.  Hypocrite!
Vote them out
COWARD!
What are you going to do about it. This is endangering the Security of the USA.Get Gov working again (GWA). GOP never did this to Obama. What next Mitch? Obvious that Schumer isn’t going to help. True nature of Dems for the Rich only! Crumbs to poor!
Nothing as historic as YOUR obstruction into the Mueller probe.
Do you at least cringe a little when you write this garbage, or is your self awareness - like your integrity, patriotism & decency - just completely gone?

Can we talk about “historic” Republican obstruction. From day one of Barack Obama’s admin. all you would talk about is making him a one term president. You are a sell out to the American people. Putting party over country.
Protect Mueller! NOW

You’re about to have some serious protests coming your way.
How dare you? Do we need to break out your quotes and video from the last 8 years. Can’t wait to see you go down.
I don't recall the Democrats ever stealing the appointment of a Supreme Court justice.  Republicans are the obstructionists.  Also, YOU are obstructing a vote on the bill to protect Mueller.  Stop lying!
You opposed every bill that Obama passed and you point to the Democrats.
Have you no shame to lie. But then again you thrive on lies.
You forget so easily what you did during Obama years!!!
So DO SOMETHING

And with that we come full circle from 2016, when McConnell refused bipartisanship for a warning about Russian tampering during the election. https://twitter.com/frankthorp/status/986351014822514698 …
You are, at this very moment, obstructing a bipartisan bill to protect Robert Mueller. 
You hypocritical turtle. 

#MakeMordorGreatAgain #MMGA – at Mordor
The guy who blatantly blocked anything Obama wanted to do wants to talk about historic obstruction? Really?
It's a well known fact that turtles are notoriously hypocritical.
You are the master of obstruction. We remember those statements about stalling Obama. Merritt Garland!
#RetireGop
Hey Mitch, what hoes around comes around.  Except I don’t believe a word you say.
Are you serious?  You, who held a SCOTUS seat open for a year so that a duly-elected Democratic POTUS sent a nomination to the Senate?  You are a real piece of work, McConnell.
Meant to say duly-elected Democratic POTUS could not get a vote on his nominee
Wow. Just when I thought you couldn’t be more out of touch with reality.
Support the AGENDA THE AMERICAN  PEOPLE VOTED FOR

#11/8/2016
Mr McConnell you forget we live through the BS you did when Obama was in office. We also lived through you stealing our judge appointment too! You can't choose your country over your party. I hope you go to jail I hope you lose your seat
MERRICK GARLAND

Stormy Daniels reacts to Pres. Trump's denial he knew anything about $130,000 payment made to her: "I work in the adult business and I'm a better actor than he is." http://abcn.ws/2CcjBVI  
#MerrickGarland
You could stop all this obstruction by removing the filibuster and limiting conformations to 8 hours or less. Stop playing like your helpless because you expect to be the minority come Nov. We will win big & have big majority this year. Don't believe polls as in 2016.
You did the same thing to Obama!
You are fooling no one, you lying POS. Get out of our house.
Is OBSTRUCTION worse than, or equivalent to, 
supporting COLLUSION?
You are a disgrace to the senate!
#SCOTUSFRAUDSEZWHAT
Go to a simple majority on everything...make the government work again
How @ doing something about it like the nuclear option to get things done? It is no longer business as usual if you want to make significant legislation.
Looking forward to your resignation too, after @GovMattBevin resigns!
You have no credibility in this discussion. Shall I mention Merrick Garland?
Hahahaha historical obstruction hahahaha you should know your the best at obstruction and dividing Americans
Do something about it. Get it in the news every day. Appear on TV and remind everyone about this. Enlist the Americans to help you since clearly you need help.
It’s a joke that you have the nerve to even use that word, considering your unethical and OBSTRUCTIONIST behavior while @BarackObama was in office. You support any move made by the tangerine traitor but blocked every move made by a man of integrity. You should be ashamed.
Your obstruction record during the Obama Administration is not forgotten. So your claims about Democrats show your true hypocrisy.
Both parties are at fault for ignoring their responsibilities to the public. Your childish bickering is deplorable!
So you are sending this out as justification for @GOP obstruction? Seriously?! How about ignoring the rule of law that @realDonaldTrump seems to love to do #Obstruction #RuleofLaw
#mirrormirror
Said the pot to the kettle
Merrick Garland. GFY.
Then use (La Resistance) and campaign! You're winning! Trump figured it out. Why can't you?
You have ABSOLUTELY NO credibility playing the “obstruction” card. Come on, dude. Join everyone else in the real world, please, where real things are happening.
Hypocrite much?
This a joke, right?  No one will touch the racist obstructionism you used against Obama.
How dare you talk about obstruction. You did everything you could to block any and all appointees and legislation by @BarackObama
Not true. Do some research.
Like the Republicans obstructed Obama!
Now you see how you obstructed so why are you mad now
Evidence that if you hang around lying hypocritical morons long enough you become one yourself! Pretty pathetic there, Mitchie old boy!
Who wrote the book on obstructionism?

You did, sucker.

@WSJ
Every time you post something like this you make yourself look, well, stupid. Merrick Garland? Ring a bell? Obstruction? or maybe "The single most important thing we want to achieve is for President Obama to be a one-term president." Hypocrisy thy name is Mitch.
Why don’t you grow a set and go nuclear and get rid of the fillabuster and super majority vote. Let’s make America Great again!
One word Obama
You showed them how to do this for 6 years. Now you behave like Senator Reid. This isn’t a good look for you.
Damn! Lordy lordy mr "Obama can't get a supreme court pick in his last year" and the answer to Trumps question as to why he has so many empty court seats to fill crying obstruction?  Disgraceful, but what do you care? Daddy in law and his chinese shipping company take care of you
Mitch is a “tools tool”
End of story!!!
The old pot calling the kettle black turtle boy. Remember your only job was to obstruct Obama? How soon we forget!
I hope you and the entire gop go down for your unwillingness to stop Russian interference in our democracy.
Because they suck
Coming from you.... #MerrickGarland 
Coming from the man who refused to warn election officials that a foreign government was trying to tamper with our elections, hoping that the foreign government would be successful and .@realDonaldTrump would become our president.
Term limits.
#MerrickGarland

You're continuing to hurt America with your partisan bullshit. Midterms should be fun.
Coming from the party that says nothing about their president.
Merrick Garland. You are shameless.
Maybe because there is no one that is competent!
YOU allow it sir! Invoke the nuclear option NOW!!! Certainly, you are not so dumb to think the Dems will not if/when they get back in power! Stop being so Damn NICE...Be GOOD because nice guys finish last. GOOD however...WINS
#VietNamEraVet
This is a blatant lie and even worse, irrelevant, given your party leader’s criminal acts. Stand up. Do something.
Pretty sure Merrick Garland would beg to differ.
STOP F'N WHINING like a little girl? Hold a 24/7 session until every single appointee is confirmed? Use the 51 rule. GOD BLESS MAN THE F UP! This incessant bitching is not what LBJ or men who knew how to use power did? USE THE 51 like Scotus & do a blanket flush! @realDonaldTrump
Merrick Garland.....I'll leave it right there
Let’s see...u blocked  Obama in every way thinkable (SCOTUS anyone?) and you have the nerve to talk about Democrats does the same thing. 

Cannot wait to find out your moment of comprise against America

What about your own obstruction?!
No Mitch. You won the historic obstruction prize.https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2018/04/05/why-mitch-mcconnell-is-bragging-about-holding-up-merrick-garland-from-the-supreme-court-two-years-later/?utm_term=.52b0d2218af8 …
Why Mitch McConnell is bragging about holding up Merrick Garland ...
It’s time for you to step down you have failed to bring several Democratic bills for a vote, I would say you are the obstructionist. You are a liar 
Is this a joke?  Say it with me, “Merrick Garland”.
Don't just blame the Dems. You 're not doing such a great job yourself. #draintheswamp #MAGA
@SenateMajLdr DO something!!! Go nuclear while you still have the chance.
If an action blocks almost anything MM wants, I’ll back it, even if I don’t like it.

Support our Potus please!
As a lifelong Republican I must laugh at you tweet Mitch. What a hypocrite you are
You're Pathetic. Get a life, old sad man.
Mitch you should be proud of the Democrats. You wrote the book on it and they are following it.
Oh f*@k you, obstruction after what your party did to @POTUS44 you should be ashamed of yourself. And suddenly Hemp is okay and your tax cut will give your investments a nice boost for your retirement. You too are a hypocrite.
I believe you made the comment you would not vote for anything Obama wanted.  Why are you surprised?
Merrick Garland.
Should had a better Republican candidate. This wouldn’t of happen if he hadn’t had so much baggage.
You stole a Supreme Court seat senator and you have the gall to levy this accusation? 203 days until the mid terms. Seems like the people of Kentucky are getting a little fed up with you too.
There’s a special place in hell waiting for you, Mitch!  And Trump is going to be your pit-mate.

#MiniMitch just two words: #MerickGarland.
You Sir, are a horrible human being.
Mitch all u care about is your rich friends   you could care less about the working people of this Country .
Kind of like you not confirming @BarackObama pick for @Scotus while waiting on 45 to nominate another Republican henchman?  Get out of here with that. Kentucky please wake up and vote this clown out.
Make history yourself by using nuclear option on every vote every time every hour. Make the Dems know they are not in charge. @POTUS @VP
Omg you certainly have no right to lambast anyone over obstructionist politics...#MerrickGarland
You have no soul.
YOU HYPOCRITE!!! #MerrickGarland  U obstructed a SCOTUS nominee for political gain & now U complain. U NEED 2 RETIRE
You’re gross.
That’s rich, coming from you.
Back at you...
Snowflakes are screaming Merrick Garland when they have that liberal Ruth Bader Ginsberg clutching onto her robe as a death grip with her skeletal fingers. Just retire already!!  Talk about obstruction. She knows Trump will nominate another conservative judge to fill her seat.
Disappointed 
You’re an absolute embarrassment for not putting and end to this Mueller sideshow circus!!!! Am grateful you will find yourself on the sidelines like soon to be Speaker Ryan. Someday the guilt of your inaction will leave you depressed and disgusted how you’ve disgraced America..
You’re such a hypocrite!
“Our No. 1 priority is to make this president a one-term president,”’ remarks made by Mitch McConnell during Obama’s first year.
What about Supreme Court Justice nomination sabotage....???????? 
Go away ole puddle face.
Tough shit. Karma.
kindly go fuck yourself.  you did nothing but obstruct Obama for eight years AND steal a supreme court seat
Mitch McConnell is the biggest threat to our democracy and YOU
It's your problem, you caused it with your arcane rules, you need to handle it.
Stop lying old white guy! You did it for 8 years! Enough!
#ROFLMAFAO! OMG, that is so rich you accusing the Dems of obstructions!
Talk about the toss pot calling the kettle black.
You remind me of an old saying my grandpa used:
“He’s more slippery than a pocketful of pudding”
#BlueWaveComing2018
Well, the obstructionist obstructing the obstructed & the obstructor is deep in obstructing the obstructed. U @SenateMajLdr r certainly obstructing @POTUS from making America great again. Where’s that 51 majority vote to move things along. Obstruction is the word of the day.
what is more scandalous is our #Senate Republicans historic obstruction of the Elected Republican President @POTUS .. you bent over and kissed Obamas shiney backside and obstruct @realDonaldTrump #repealObamacare #BuildTheWall #EndChainMigration CUT SPENDING bloated fed govt !
Merrick Garland.
Get rid of #cloture
Unreal.
GOP historic stupidity with a clueless, lying, cheating leader.
You hypocrite
We’ll do SOMETHING unless you just want this as an excuse!
What about your not allowing Obama to appoint judges? Remember ??
Pot
HISTORICAL REPUBLICAN OBSTRUCTION FROM 2010 - 2016. THE PARTY OF NO EVEN IF THEY AGREED WITH PRESIDENT OBAMA..IN FACT MITCH FILIBUSTERED HIS OWN BILL BECAUSE OBAMA WAS FOR IT...KARMA IS TERRIBLE ISN'T IT!
Yeah, that dog doesn’t hunt Mitch! Give it up
Do U remember when U blocked President’s Obama’s nominee Garland from being interviewed as a Supreme Court Judge? Delaying the appt so Trump could name Gorsuch. U didn’t cloture you stole the position from the Democrats. @thehill @WhiteHouse @PressSec @nytimes @realDonaldTrump
