Merrick Garland.
You don’t get to disparage the other party for what they do about nominees because you blocked  Merrick Garland.
THAT'S right he should be tested for all stds even the cloture virus LOL
You are the biggest obstructionist of them all!

for goodness sakes - cant you use the nuclear option for anything?  Change the rules - you have the majority in both houses.  Idiots.  Soon Dems will take over and that will be the END of the GOP - and you'll all just whine its not fair.
Turtle  talk
Where were you during a year of waiting on a hearing for #MerrickGarland? Oh yes, leading the obstructionists. Stick your “history,” you hypocrite.
This is all because you are a weak vacuum of a person, and the Dems. know it.
#MerrickGarland
Thier scared as hell!
ur in charge dude. 51 votes now. make the change.


You tweeted this 3 TIMES!  Getting forgetful, blanking out?  Taking pills from Pill Factory Donnie?  
The REPUBLICANS ARE VOTING "NAY" AS WELL.  All Trump's nominees have a sordid past, just like you
Pompeo sucks and so do you.
You are the whiniest man in Kentucky & probably the US. And everyone knows you're the King of Obstruction.
Don't you just hate it when folks use the procedural rules established by the Senate to accomplish a narrow political goal?
Can't wait for you to be gone either.
You of ALL people shouldn't complain about obstruction.  YOU are the poster boy for obstruction.  Guess it doesn't feel so good when it's done to you! #suckitup

I'm still waiting for any explanation of why so many in the Trump campaign were meeting Russians. Why? "It's not illegal" doesn't put me at ease as a plausible explanation. https://twitter.com/msnbc/status/990168776808255488 …
Mitch McConnell and Bernie Sanders is the wrong choice for anything in government stupid open border policy take some illegals into your home and take care of them
Merrick Garland
No Senate Vacations Until All Nominations Hearings Completed!  Go Nuclear! No more 30 hour debates.
You’re feckless. Blocking the Senate Judiciary Committee vote on Mueller? Merrill Garland? Go back to Kentucky and stay there. You and @SpeakerRyan have harmed the US more than Trump ever will.
As well they should given all your bullshit escapades.
Thank goodness for the Democrats. American people don't want a secretary of state who is okay with torture!
Not everybody looks at it the same as you.
Lol unfortunately.
How sad that we cannot have a well-trained, well-educated Secretary of State.
Pha-Q
vote SR 533 and get rid of the 30 hour debate rule.  You are in control. Make it happen.
You didn’t even give Merrick Garland a vote at all.
You will make history for supporting a felon.
@SenMajLdr  you don’t bring bipartisan issues to the floor such as protecting Mueller, you think you’re God you Kentucky bumpkin

It's not like they refused to meet with a Supreme Court nominee. Quit whining.
Protect the Mueller investigation. Senate has a bill bring it to a vote.
Quit doing Russia’s bidding.

Protect rule of law. Do your job!
Again your wrong mitch. The 115th GOP lead congress has already ensured their place in our Nation's HISTORY as the 'MOST Corrupt GOP Congress & ILLEGITIMATE pres. in OUR Nations History'. Failure to protect, Dereliction of Duties, Obstructing for a TRAITOR, Lack of Due Dillegence
Have you ever considered getting a transplant since its clear you can't grow a set?
Merrick Garland.
STOP! Stop blaming Democrats. It’s not the Democrats, or Reagan’s Republican’s. It is opportunists like YOU, and Treason Trump supporters. You are responsible. History will hold you accountable, if true Patriots are unsuccessful in holding you accountable now!!
Keep crying you did it to obama
@SenateMajLdr M, you brought this about w/ the shenanigans you pulled while O was in office. All the backdoor deals & getting rid of our #Checks&Balances that you’ve brought about has come back to bite you in the rear. You put Party over State & Party over Country too many times
@SenateMajLdr YOU OWN THIS MESS. YOU, specifically YOU made this happen with:
#MerrickGarland
Cloture on EVERYTHING works for me - because YOU broke it with your decision on:
#MerrickGarland
Special counsel protection act first... because we #DemandAVote
Where is YOUR ACTION on the Special Counsel protection act?

How about that @SenateMajLdr? DO YOUR JOB!

Because on that issue, we #DemandAVote
Why should he get to nominate anyone if this is his last year in office?
#TrumpRussia
#TrumpCrimeFamily
#TrumpColluded
#GOPCorruption
#GOPComplicit
Oh, and
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland

Bring up the bill to protect Mueller! It deserves a vote!
Dotard
Garrick
Merrick Garland. Got it?
Every Democrat Leader of the Senate Majority was 5 times smarter than you.  They got their agendas approved.  Maybe you should hire Harry Reid as a consultant on how to be an effective leader.
#DemandAVote
#TakeAStand
oh just be quiet and let the Mueller protection bill come to the floor of the Senate

If you had a spine.....

Didn’t anybody tell you? Don’t go messing with Karma. It’ll come around.
#Democrats are #SoreLosers. I've never seen a collective group of whiny babies ever in my life. They live & breathe to incessantly #Whine.  In reality their actual lives haven't changed for the worse by anything Trump has done; it is THEIR twisted emotions that cause them harm.
Seems as boring as Mitch. No surprise.

#slumberland
That's because the nominee is a war hawk and the Secretary of State is the nation's top diplomat. Diplomats should believe in diplomacy, not nukes.
He ment repeating history
Or 
Learning from my playbook
He should be so proud
#MerrickGarland
Ridiculous! Make them work 24/7 until job is done! NO Breaks for Senate!
Awwwwwwww......came back and bit your ass?
You are such a wuss!  Keep that Senate in session every single day to run out the clock and get the vote.
Didn’t you make history when you failed to allow a vote on Merrick Garland?  Sounds much worse to me.
Says the man who wouldn't even let the Garland nomination come up for a vote. #GOPHypocrisy
Turnabout is fair play turtle head, get used to it!
So are you crying or doing something about Republicans?
They probably don’t care after GOP made up a non-sensical rule, and refused to hold a confirmation hearing for Garland.   Pot . . . . Kettle . . . .
Don't worry your turtle head. You won't be majority leader much longer.
Crying McConell- you are the majority?  Wah wah...
#MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland. You really can't complain.
Merrick Garland

holding a court seat open in an election year is traditional. Petty attracts on well qualified people because you lost an election is not. Pompeo is well qualified. Dr Jackson served Obama for 8 years, but suddenly he is a drunk and drug pusher.
You act like the Democrats are in control. FYI we elected a GOP house and senate ACT LIKE A LEADER. Or in the words of @realDonaldTrump  #yourefired

@SenateMajLdr where are the rest of his nominees? Why is this taking so long to get his people in place!
Because he has no people.  Just idiots, crooks, and liars like him.
Sucks to be you
You taught em. You wouldnt even meet Garland. You should retire
@SenateMajLdr spouting nonsense again.
I wonder who taught them this tactic. Hmm.
Are you afraid you can't get 60 votes?
As they should. Hypocrite
Merrick Garland
Great !!
What’s the matter, Mitchy Mouth? Someone playing your game better than you?

Your hypocrisy knows no bounds.
Remember MERRICK GARLAND???? 8 years of your obstruction..... times up RESIGN......
"HINT" A Leader Should Lead.
extreme pedo bot
Hmmm - your wife was confirmed wasn't she? Just askin
And you are still guilty of allowing them to obstruct. Many Americans are so fed up with being asked to support politicians unwilling to fight.
u @SenateMajLdr, you did the same BS with Garland, buck up turtle boy.
Crooked @GOP, stop whining you treasonous rat
Don't give us any of your pompous BS about Democrats obstructing anything.
Shut it down. You can do something.  Require all senators to remain in session until all Trump's appointees are approved. Or get rid of the fillibuster rule.
If Republicans forget what Dems are doing we the ppl won’t, and will expect the same to be done to Dem nominees in the future.
Your president is terrible
Why is this allowed. Keep them in every day of the easel. No breaks. No recesses. They don’t deserve it
How do you think Merrick Garland feels about that?
You put up a video 24 mins ago with the hashtag #TBT but you are wearing the identical suit, tie, shirt, etc! WOW, time to go clothes shopping! Better yet, time to GO, BYE, BYE!!!
Merrick garland?
"The projector" AKA @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell. #TrumpRussiaGOP
We also demand a vote to protect the special counsel! You are not representing the people. You are covering your criminal potus and maybe your own illegal activities!
MERRICK GARLAND
Should they bow down to you and everything that is wrong with the GOP?  Traitors! DO your job.
Use the nuclear option on those corrupt thugs....you work for us so start doing your job or step down...and release the texts also....we already know what is in them so don't even think about hiding them from the people YOU WORK FOR
GRATE JOB. GOOD YOU CHANGED THE RULES ON VOTING. SO NOW GET RID OF THE FILLIBUSTER ON OTHER LEGISTATION SO YOU CAN GET SOMTHING DONE
Mitch, you have got to be f!$@ing kidding me. 

Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland.
Does your continued attack of Democrats and Democracy itself ever make you tired?  I am sure tired of you.
The Dems are the anti American party!
Sad.

Say, whens the rapture,  Weasel Mitch? Pompeo will tell ya.
Rules change now so you can tell them to pack sand with merrick garland!
Grow a set McConnell!
Do away with  filibustering & make them stay at their seats for the full 30 hours!!!
Vote.  Name the names of Republicans blocking the system.
Pot/Kettle 
#MerrickGarland
Maybe if he vetted people better this would not happen.  All of his picks suck.
Bullsht get this man confirmed and we need Ambassador’s
Yes, all you homophobes and racists need to stick together, and having one represent the US to the rest of the world only confirms that America is no longer  is free and champions equal rights.
Ignore them and move on. Do your job.
Fill in the blanks:  Here’s the thing: NAME:         should’ve never  been nominated. He/She was completely unqualified to lead the AGENCY:            .
Very rightly. He is unqualified for any public office.
You’re in control. So do your job.
Did you ever hear of the Nuclear option if not Mitch ask Sen Harry Reid he’ll teach you 
Pleeez do all you can to stop the resistance.  We can’t get proper work don’t for our country.  This is very upsetting 
to the people. It’s 200 percent stressful!
Lies! Republicans control it all! Everybody knows that so accept responsibility

No no no. Look what you idiots did with Pruitt, DeVos, Zinke and Carson to mention a few!
You are all corrupt.
Why?  Do something about it...
Maybe if you hadn’t blocked America Garland or hadn’t blocked allowing the American people to know about Russian hacking people might actually give a sh**.  #GOPCorruption #VoteBlue2018
No you are the cause. Trying to place a known racist in power. Thank God for our Dems. The only ones who will fight to prevent destructive people you want in power.
Stop them.. Change the rules. Dems will do it to Republicans.. POTUS deserves to have his nominees voted on expeditiously.,
Well what have you done to stop it?
#PussyGrabber
History will not be kind to you. #merrickgarland
Absolutely! You are worth every minute of obstruction. You earned it!
What about Mueller. When are you going to do the will of the American people and protect the investigation?
Sucks to have to play by the rules! Embarrassed and sending $$$$ to KY Democrats running against you. They've actually served our country not screwed it.
Vote for confirmation!
No!!!!!
Based on the omnishambles that is the Trump administration, I don't the the problem here.
Are u putting Mueller bill out on floor
~You Have The Power~Hold Them In Session Till The 206 Nominees Are Voted On~~Do Not Let Them Leave~~~
Then keep them in session.  Use your power!
Sounds familiar.  I do believe #Obstructionist Mitch became a pro at such tactics during Obama years
#MerrickGarland ring a bell? No hearings, Trump's campaigning! And where's the vote to protect #Mueller ?
MERRICK GARLAND
We learned from you. You were doing for wrong reason, @TheDemocrats doing for right reason. Bring a bill to protect SC Mueller!
do your job and go nuclear . Stop the BS and do what you're in leadership to do.
Merrick Garland.
Do you have an original thought?     Guess not.
