So go to the nuclear option, what are you waiting for?
You mean cheat. Thats the only way Donald does anything.
Say it, 7 more years President Donald J Trump.  Higher approved than odumbo at this time. People getting raises, bonuses, job growth and so much more. #maga #qanon All in 1 year. Now if you'd all stop bashing for a few minutes you could see how it keeps getting better.
Maybe you should stop drinking the Fox koolaid and try to really understand what is going on!
That’s awesome, revert to name calling, just like the narcissistic, unethical and immoral president. There is a difference between uninformed and stupid. So you get all your news from Trumps twitter feed, an extension of Fox, even worse. This country is far from getting better!
Please, do yourself a favor. Do not tweet assumptions about people as if you know it's factual. It really shows how little you do know.
Well you certainly aren’t getting that information from any other source. Fox, Breitbart, Drudge and Trumps tweets are the only ones spewing that nonsense!
Well do something about it!!!!
You should hang for what you’re responsible for.
Name the last SCOTUS nominee to get a vote in an election year.  We'll all be waiting.....
Not that this will keep you from continuing to disseminate fake facts, or in this case misleading challenges:
Biden Rule.  Learn it. Live it. Love it. Own it.
Completely fake right-wing talking point and you know it.
Really?
Here are the facts, if you are even susceptible to such things in your Republican talking-point haze.
Politifact is a liberal entity and a complete joke.  Who fact checks the fact checkers?
BS, the GOP stonewalled Clinton’s nominees and a mad rush to confirm W’s after. and do need to mention GARLAND?
You have the majority, use it. Don't boast about things you have not accomplished. Don't be an impediment to our President.  Grow a back bone and take charge.
Clôture is French for "fence"."ending" or "conclusion ! problem is mitch , this is not France ! So why don't you speak english or you could always move !
Get Pomeo confirmed 
You can and should solve this problem.
Either keep them all in session until they are all confirmed or resign. This is bullshit.
Tell him to stop nominatin' ghost hunters and KKK members then...
Robert Byrd, KKK member, Democrat and leader of the Senate would like you to hold his beer
Last time you were a Democrat, gather...
I left the party because the party left me a long time ago.  It has become a joke, doesn't support the middle class, doesn't support Christian views, craps on the military and plays the race card at every turn. No party now. Never again.
Uh huh...
Doesn't bother me one bit. I go back to Mondale, supported Dukakis, etc.  You may want to pay attention to how many of us have left the party.
Okay...
You do realize Donald Trump was a Democrat....right?  You do realize Ronald Reagan was also a Democrat...right?  Parties change, as do people.  The Democrat party I grew up with is now so far left, so unhinged, so anti-American pro illegal I will never be a Dem again.
First, talk to Merrick Garland and get his extremely relevant opinion. Second, maybe tell Trump to stop nominating the least qualified people he can possibly find for positions. You, the human speed bump on the road to progress, don't really have any standing here.
A vast majority of trumps appointments have turned out 2 B somewhat lacking in the ethics dept, U of course do not care since U alone obstructed for years now complain when it happens 2U.  U may want to rethink ur standing side by side with what will B most CORRUPT Admin ever!
All these haters. Odumbo is a failure. We finally have a President that loves our country. You can go visit your failed previous Pres. at gitmo in a few months. #maga #qanon Now that's what I'm waiting for. Soon baby soon.
. @TwitterSupport @Jack The account @1deserthottie belongs to a Russian troll. You need to get a handle on these anti-American marauders before someone figures out you're a public utility and illegal monopoly.
Thank you, I'll block!
Either GOP has no spine, or no will...

Bc they certainly have the majority, yet refuse to use it.

Americans are not fooled by your tomfoolery & sly whining.
If only the base had worked harder to give Republicans control of the Senate. 

Oh, wait. https://twitter.com/senatemajldr/status/985890588988932097 …
How long are you going to let Schumer push you around. He is not your friend across the aisle. Or is he? Do you want to lose the house so you have another excuse fir two years? Make Senators stay there until all are confirmed.
Leader McConnell, those comparisons are not what we the people want to see. We want to see it completed no matter how many appointment nominee's @POTUS makes. That is part of your job. Get it done. No excuses. @GOP #maga #qanon
Terrible-vote out the Dems-vote in new STRONG real Republicans-not RINOS!!!!
POTUS' nominees are all incompetent boobies selected to destroy the very agencies they are proposed for, there's that.
Awful leadership.  Let someone do it that can do the job.  #DITCHMITCH
What do you expect from the Democrats?
Because of your stunts - like leaving the Supreme Court with a vacant seat a full year and refusing to bring up President Obama's nomination for a vote.  I cannot believe you're bragging about this.
We want President Trump's nominees Mitch! What is it you do not understand?

Didnt #Dems go Nuclear or #Reps when they had the House and Senate?
Then STOP TALKING and START ACTING! Get rid of UNCONSTITUTIONAL FILIBUSTER. PASS WITH A SIMPLE MAJORITY! Frucking sick of you fecklessness!
They must have horrible credentials.
More like Democrats  #RESIST  BS crap.
Go nuclear!
You mean cheat, as always.
He needs to stop nominating unqualified people, Congress needs to stop confirming them. Have the man put forward legit nominees for stuff instead of sycophants.
What are you doing to get nominees confirmed including @RichardGrenell?? Do your damn job!
Protect Special Counsel Mueller.
Can't be because Trump has put forth more unqualified candidates than any POTUS in the last 50 years.

No, you think it's that the minority in congress is biased in a way that they never have been before, even under G. Bush Jr, when GOP also controlled congress.

#CantMakeThisUp
Sounds like you are bragging about not upholding regular order and being the obstructionist extraordinaire. I personally don't respect or admire your total lack of statesmanship.  We will demand Senators with higher moral standing in November.
Fighting the good fight against full blown corruption! #VoteThemOut #VoteBlue2018
Maybe when he brings up competent judges instead of hacks, people who are AGAINST Brown v. Board of Education, and those who rule for people vs. corporations, you'll have more luck. But no one is more obstructionist than you, who ILLEGALLY withheld Merrick Garland's #SCOTUS seat
Maybe that has something to do with the quality of your nominees!
Why? You have majority!!
Do something about it. Whining doesn't cut, you're the majority leader and as yet, you have refused to leverage Senate rules to make Democrats pay for this obstruction.

So this is just empty rehtoric, if you gave a damn, you'd enforce Senate rules. But we all know you oppose us.
Go check out how many times you filibustered the last administration Mitch!
...and you can do something about it!
I'm wondering what the status would be if Trump didn't nominate so many scumbags and losers?
Will you face 86 years for Crimes against Americans? You should. Ask your wife if she can spot me a $20. #keptmanpantywaist
what does Putin have on TRUMP that he won't enforce sanctions you should be looking into this Mitch ? MID TERMS ARE COMING !
This isn’t on the President it’s on you
McConnell you need to join Paul. We are going to vote your sorry as. Out.

WELL MAYBE IF THERE WERE SOME ACTUAL QUALIFIED CANDIDATES THAT MIGHT CHANGE BUT UNTIL A QUALIFIED CANDIDATE COMES OUT OF THIS WHITE HOUSE NOPE.
And all u do is blather on and on about it. Ur an impotent leader at this point. Spare us the feigned outrage we’re not buying it anymore. DO UR JOB!
This tells me Trump's nominees must be really bad.
Now that you know it can be used as a obstruction tool get rid of it. It’s obviously not necessary.
Cause they all got issues..
Who taught them that this is appropriate? Oh, right, you did.
you wouldn't even meet with Nominee Garland. You set the precedent.
Uh, maybe because he tries to nominate criminals and people with absolutely no experience necessary to do the job!!!!
I wonder what dirt Putin has on McConnell.  Why have you out protecting an unfit GOP President above your country.  #McConnellTraitor #GopProfilesinCowardice
Could it be the shitty quality of the nominations, do you think? 
https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/features/why-opposing-trump-isnt-like-the-gop-obstructing-obama-w476367 … opposing an illegitimate Russian compromised incompetent president (Trump for those not paying attention), isn't the same as you plotting against a President on the evening he was inaugurated. #TraitorMcConnell
So change the rules and git 'er done. Stop whining and LEAD!
Senator, you are not only allowing the Dems to deny President Trump’s nominees confirmation, you are willfully denying the AMERICAN PEOPLE a fully functioning government. Change the rules, confirm the nominees. We won’t forget that you have let this happen.
Use a nuclear option to move appointments. Use a range when to use it if you don't want to get rid of it. Come on! American public doesn't understand it. Not a good campaign issue. Use nuclear opton now.
Nuclear Option!!!!!!!!!
Too bad Turtle. Why don’t you stop whining and quit?
Happens when nominations are unqualified or president is under investigation for number of (T)reasons. Do your job whiner. Serve. The. Country. Better yet resign/retire so someone who will uphold their oath unlike you @SenateMajLdr who obstructed SCOTUS nominee. #AlternativeFacts
BECAUSE YOUR POTUS NOMINATES HORRIBLE PEOPLE!!!!
fix it please
Perhaps this should be a clue as to exactly HOW unqualified what is being considered for these votes truly are.
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
Why won't you help our POTUS? I guess that's not the way things are ran under your "Leadership."
Liar
Why can't you get your senate to go along with the people, Mitch??? Why go through all this to have to go to cloture?
Yet the average American thinks there aren’t nominees... @GOP it’s time to up your PR game. Dems have you completely outmatched in the messaging/PR realm & you need to fix that by Nov or it’ll be ugly. I had someone yesterday tell me how the Dem tax cuts are great! Wtf? #Branding
And you don't really know why, or you're pretending not to know why? They don't want a billionaire swamp in DC. Stop the billionaire swamp!!
Then FIX IT!
'Seems to me I recall some of that.  Oh, yea. a Supreme Court nominee couldn't even get a hearing as the GOP decided 8 was enough for a year.
Go. Nuclear. Now.

Pull your finger out of your ass and press the nuclear button with it, you turkey-necked, vag-hat wearing, spineless sack of monkey . 

How are you NOT useless? Other than to the DNC that is. …
Because previous presidents did not nominate ignorant unqualified people and were not under investigation for treason!
Respectfully, as someone who stole a Supreme Court Seat and did everything in his power to make the US ungovernable during @BarackObama presidency, you have no credibility--and when you have nominees that question Brown, it shows a problem.
And you blocked a Supreme Court candidate, and President Obama, a legitimate president, in every possible way you could. Hard to feel anything but antipathy for you.
Why in the HELL don’t you go to 51? Coward! When you lose the senate the Dems will do it the first week!

You're a disgrace, @SenateMajLdr. Snake in turtle-shell.
Not buying this.
And they're all corrupt just like you
If trump would nominate qualified people, it probably wouldn’t be an issue.
Purposely. They believe they will retake everything this election cycle.
Pee-OTUS nominates crap judges who’ve never tried a case. You are so transparently bought and owned. If only we had a Forbes magazine with your face on the cover.... #TrumpTraitor
Schumer has the audacity to say President Trump is an obstructionist Please! Might I suggest that it’s high time you Republican leaders take to the floor and stand for eight hours  or longer, giving speech after speech fighting for the votes of approval. This ridiculous!
Now you’re just baiting us. #NeverForget #StolenSCOTUSSeat
Do unto others that which was done unto you!
change the rules to get more nominees approved.
And you havnt gotten the point that these people are unqalified and hate filled homophobic bigots yet
Because you guys refuse intelligent, honest, thoughtful, and logic discussions???
@SenateMajLdr is a #NeverTrump #TrumpHater - can’t be trusted
#Recall @SenateMajLdr #RINO
Wow!!!
Brown-nose sell-out
Why are you touting your failures? All you have to do is go nuclear.....hurry up!
maybe it's because many of them suck?  

Two words for you mister...MERRICK GARLAND
You’re not much of a leader...obviously!
Go nuclear Mitch or force people to stay on Friday & Saturday! Only u can fix this!
#NuclearOption now
You could STOP it! You have that power! BUT YOU DONT!!!

DO something you friggin stiff
That sucks for us. #Obstruction
Because he selects awful candidates with no prior experience...?
#sad  @SenateMajLdr, when are you going to stand up to the morally unfit @POTUS?
McConnell do your job and get them approved
#merrickgarland
Maybe because he is a criminal and a liar, and you’re as much of a crook as he is #liar #fraud #scam #con #TrumpCrimeFamily 
How about that #SeanInsannity story?! The hits just keep on rolling wth this admin., don’t they!
Look nowhere other than your willful lack of courage. You hold both houses in majority and you and Speaker Ryan allow this to happen. Shame on both of you. You do have an option ... but it will take a spine that has not seen the light of day since January, 2017.
You are useless.... Do your freaking job.
You refused to even hold hearings on his Surpreme Court Justice. You stole the justice. Quit your whining.
#BananaRepublikans
#GrandOldParody
#CrisisActors
#sychophants
#TrumpParty
#KochPuppets
#GOPCorruption
#NRABloodMoney
#Plutocrats
#ItsMuellerTime
#In203days
#BlueWave2018
How many cloture votes did Obama44 not get because you, personally, refused to even consider his nominations? 
Do you really want to open *that* can of worms? 

You might also not want to consider the corrupt & kakistocratic nature of Trump's nominations.
His nominees are unqualified fascists.
Stop this insanity now.  You have the power, so use it.  Why should the Senate rules be so different from the House?
Can you change the rules with a majority vote??
If @SenateMajLdr would divert your head out of Chuck Schumer’s a$$...you would use the same tactics that they used on you. Harry Reed put it in place, use it fool! Nuke the left...
apparently there is no effective #GOP leadership in either the House or the Senate.  #Dems are more effective in the minority than #GOP has ever been in either the majority or minority.
I’m sorry but you can never credibly complain about anything like this again after not allowing a SCOTUS nominee for so long before 44 left office.
And???
because  his choices are corrupted
Time to change the rules Mr. Leader! #DoYourJob
C’mon Mitch do you really want to aid and abet this train wreck of a presidency? It’s our nation’s judiciary at stake after all. Try to love America. Cloture? May I remind you of #NomineeGarland ?
Because they are shit candidates.
Do your job, we are sick of you allowing the democrats to obstruct everything!! Retire like Ryan!
Jackass, you didn’t even bring up names in the Obama administration.

#GoNuclear
That would be because his nominees are crap
Ok, "Leader"... So LEAD already!  Do something about this!  Take the nuclear option and stop playing pat-a-cake!! 
GFY liar
Good. Democrats are the only thing left between our democracy and your swamp. #GOPTraitors
Just remember this if the Dems win the White House in future years. What's good for them can be good for the other side. It's all a fucking game so play the game too. See how they like it.
No excuses McConnell.  You’re a miserable failure. And, you’re just miserable.   #MiserableMitchMcConnell
Because they are incompetent or corrupt
Scary putting those crazies in the judiciary
And I quote you, “The single most important thing we want to achieve is for President Obama to be a one-term president.” so you can eat 
At this point, there shouldn't be ANY more votes until #MuellerTime is done. Your complacency will be your scarlet letter
Do away with the filibuster in the Senate!!
Trying to stop our elected President
It's almost as if someone in "leadership" could hold the asshats accountable and not allow them vacations every other week so we could get things done...  
That's because just like his cabinet, staff, & congress, he picks nothing but the WORST & also because....Garland!
McConnell is an immoral condescending AH.
You stole a Supreme Court seat. Stop crying
All you have to do is look at who Mr. Trump is nominating and you have your answer. Crooks, thieves and unqualified.
So Mitch, you need to tell @SenSchumer you are going nuclear. Complaining w/o action is whining.
Time to go Nuclear, gentlemen
Well, most of Trump's picks have been absolute disasters and so many have already quit or were fired, so being careful about who is appointed and approved is extremely important!
Is this not pure evidence that the Swamp President Donald J. Trump points out to all of us, is still well and alive ? And can each individual be prosecuted for Treason ?
BECAUSE NONE OF THEM ARE QUALIFIED!!!
YOU can change the rules....  why do you let this happen???  No excusses.
Maybe because they are such bad nominees? You always post these one offs stats without context as though they are meaningful when they aren't. 

If your nominees were so good then why are they not getting votes? Oh right because most are just plain awful. Try being honest.
With all due respect, sir, both parties are recently equally guilty of making it partisan. BOTH.
hint: because they all suck

none of the others Prez nominated sooo many morons

More evidence of how idiotic and unfit @realDonaldTrump is as @potus. He surrounds himself with bigger idiots then himself

clue: in opposite world, he boasts how smart he and his peeps are
Do your job McConnell push Trumps nominees thru!
Time for 51 vote move Mr Leader! Smash the filibuster NOW!!!
Maybe its just payback for stalling Obama's nominees ; which by the way was very un- American
Maybe some experience would help. Or better education. Maybe if they had moree money that always works ....right.?
Democrats can be as boring as yourself sometimes.

#slumberlandMitch
That's because of the quality of the picks. Picking nominees who have NO KNOWLEDGE on the subject they are appointed for OR, like @ScottPruittOK , are the antithesis of what is needed for the position may actually be the issue.
YOU are to blame.  You are anti-Trump. You are not a good leader.  Shame on you.  Get to work to do what the American people have HIRED you to do.  YOU are our employee.
That is because there is something systematically wrong with the nominees - unqualified.
Gee i wonder who started that type of bullshit? If you dont know it was you mconnell.
So, leader McConnell, what are you going to do about it?
Change to 51 votes Mitch!
then fix it --- sheeesh
Do your job and get these nominees through!
Now,  please explain, for those of us NOT fully conversant with senate arcana, just WTF does THIS actually mean?
Should change senate rules and get something done!!!
Donald "TRAITOR" Trump " and ass-licker McConnell deflect and bully all day.  No one is forgetting your racism,  sexual perversions, or criminality!
Mitch McConnell is part of Washington Elite Ruling Class. He is no better than the Democrats. He has not stood with the President. Textbook Politician and Card Carrying Member of the Swamp.
Really telling that the nominees are much less qualified than all previous administrations
Completely misleading. 

Cloture: procedure for ending a debate and taking a vote.
And what are you doing to fix that Mr Majority Leader ?
So you do something about getting his people placed. You are in charge.

Deputy Dog McConnell that's because there all crooks like Scott Puritt! "REPUBLICAN"! SICK!
