Feel the pain! remember your own obstruction during Obama's presidency? have a bit of your own medicine. will sober you.Karma coming your way. you're overcooked, good for garbage... I mean retirement...
Like your obstruction of Merrick Garland?
And, of course, you actually did something no other Majority Leader has done in the HISTORY of the United States - you refused to hold hearing for a Supreme Court nominee for an outgoing President for a WHOLE YEAR. That's HISTORIC OBSTRUCTION, Mr. Majority Leader.
That was done across the board and Democrates have done the Same thing, when a President is in his last year of Administration.  That's totally different & has nothing to do with the beginning of an Adm, when filling Administration  positions.
Actually, never in the history of the United States has a sitting Majority leader refused to even hold hearings for a nominee for the SCOTUS. 

The Democrats literally can't obstruct any nominations because they only require simple majorities to get out of committee.
No you're wrong, they require 60 votes, because the Dems are filibustering each nominee.  Dragging it out as much as they can.  They have obstructed Trump in everyway they can since day one.
3 - the filibuster rule is just that, a rule of the Senate, and while the changing of rules is also supposed to require a 3/5 majority, they can, and have, changed the rules with a simple majority vote, since that's all the Constitution requires for any Senate motion to pass.
Not true with what they have been doing & what they are saying on the hill.
This is well documented. Go here: https://www.thoughtco.com/the-supermajority-vote-in-us-government-3322045 … and scroll down to rules and filibuster and you'll see that they are Senate rules and not Constitutional provisions.
Don’t you have the power to keep them in session until they get done!  Do something for God’s sake!
Lots of rusky BOTS on here... from the left.. who is this Garland guy? Did he play shortstop for the Yankees?
Merrick Garland
They're all terribly unqualified, unvetted nominees.
THEN DO SOMETHING TO CHANGE THAT!!!!!!
Merrick Garland



Respectfully, given the performance of some of the confirmed nominees, is it possible that the Democrats genuinely believe these nominees should not be confirmed?
#DemandAVote  #ProtectRobertMueller
2/2 Dems are spending multi millions on lieng about Trump and every one that supports him. need more GOP in 1818 elected RE: Dems against us
Merrick Garland

So F’N. Change the rules! We run this government not the democrats.
They learned it from you.
Your hypocrisy is breathtaking
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
You refused to even hold hearings on a SCOTUS nominee. #Hypocrite. BtW Still think he's not thinking about firing Muller.
A Rigged System - They don’t want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal “justice?” At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!
Payback's a bitch, isn't it?
I truly believe when the history books are written about this era in American history, you,sir, will go down as one of the great scoundrels of our time.
Merrick Garland

M * E * R * R * I * C * K
G * A * R * L* A * N * D

You incompetent boob.

With nominees like Ronny Jackson, do you blame them?

Why are you acting like a woosy, you’re in a position of power, make them stay until they get the job done
It’s actually not historic.. the senate under your leadership blocked more judge appointments by Obama than any other Senate in history
Considering some of  @realDonaldTrump nominees, like Price, Shulkin, Jackson have had to w/d or were fired or those who passed the pitiful Republican vetting, like Pruitt, Zinke, Carson, Mnuchin, Mulvaney. All of you need to shut up!
Hypocrite you're the king of obstruction.
Historic Obstruction? One name! MERRICK GARLAND! That was the most historic obstruction in history! The @GOP is #BadForAmerica!
What are you going to do about it! How about a live press conference to point out each and every nominee and their delay! Get going and get tough! You are not doing enough to fight back
It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it.
Blame game again. Are the candidates vetted and appropriate for the position?
Seems as though you just want to place anyone Trump proposes. Country over politics or have you just given up? Real disappointed in you.
His nominees are generally completely unqualified. Why can't you do what is right for the country instead of what is right for the GOP and their donors? Treating politics like religion or football is ruining our country, but this is what  you do every damn day. Party uber alles.
"I look forward to making Obama a one term president"

Your hypocrisy is sickening! YOU held up an extremely well qualified nominee to the Supreme Court for over a year. YOU made every effort to stop Obama at every turn.  You are NOT a patriot, you’re a crooked R party sycophant!
I blame McConnell
@SenSchumer @SenateDems @SenatorDurbin @NancyPelosi @StenyHoyer  == ARE OBSTRUCTIONISTS

HATE AMERICA'S GROWTH
#MerrickGarland you hypocrite!! #ProtectMueller NOW!  McConnell has vowed to never bring the bill up for a vote.

The Tillis-Graham-Coons-Booker bill has bi-partisan support, but Mitch McConnell is doing the bidding of Trump and Putin by blocking the bill.
Huh? The king of obstruction suddenly doesn’t like it when the shoe’s on the other foot?!? #PotMeetKettle
You are so wrong.
If, perhaps @RealDonad_Trump would nominate qualified people to fill those political jobs then our Senate would not have to struggle with filling those vacancies. A clown nominating another clown is not conducive to appointments of importance and should be rejected.
All Administrations have vacancies to fill, so I don't see your point.
As the republicans did in years past......
As soon as the nominees show they are dedicated to the truth and not Trump they might pass!
The Tillis-Graham-Coons-Booker bill has bi-partisan support, but Mitch McConnell is doing the bidding of Trump and Putin by blocking the bill.
What are you doing about it Mitch?  Are you sure you are doing ALL possible? Did you call @jontester  in to call on him to prove his lies about Jackson Are you making the Senate stay in Session 24/7 till all nominees approves?  I/WE pay you all we want action not whining
Jackson withdrew his nomination. Like a true warrior 
Go Dems!
Say the guy that obstructed Obama for 8 years
Maybe POTUS should nominate someone with integrity.
Stop peddling this lie. There is nothing in the Constitution that's preventing you from getting these nominees in, because Constitutionally, you only need a simple majority for this kind of Senate business. Stop. Blaming. Everyone. Else. 

You're just a really poor leader.
Democrates are filabusting each nomination, therefore, simple majority voting doesn't work.  60 votes are needed, which requires Dems votes; this is how Dems are obstructing & delaying each nominee.

New documents reviewed by HuffPost show that Mike Pompeo’s links to foreign-owned oil and gas companies are even more extensive than was previously reported—links that he failed to disclose. https://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5ae10e97e4b04aa23f1f0103?jui …
I agree. Get it done and over with. I've never seen a government with so much hate. No wonder the world looks at us dumbfounded. #smh
@SenateMajLdr they learned from you so what are you so upset? You Don't Believe in KARMA?
Seems reasonable considering all of his picks have been both unqualified & inappropriate
Sir, you have no moral ground to stand on when it comes to obstruction.  You should let someone else do the talking because you sound like a mad fool.  Sit down.  Better yet, resign.
Amen
What's wrong with 7 days per week?
She's on the other foot now, u freaking cry baby.
Do something about it then! Put ads on TV and explain what the American hating democrats are doing! Also don't allow recess till you get the job done! The Senate is a joke and you are the leader!
hey mush-mouth then keep em in session 7 days a week till they get nominees voted on. we r sick ofbur CRAP. u r weak. we gave u both houses & yall still roll over like beat dogs
You're trash. Not voting for bad nominees is not the same as obstruction. Historic obstructionism was the maneuvering you led under Obama.
Try that bullsh*t elsewhere.  #MerrickGarland
You could skip the Senate's vacation next week to get more people confirmed! You let Schumer eat your lunch everyday! We need a new leader
Merrick Garland
Yea, cause all of his nominees are SOOOOO qualified.  BTW, Merrick Garland. ...Oh and I can’t wait to see you in orange.
I’d rather see him in hell than jail - using up my tax dollars!
Go nuclear you putz.
So if u can’t win just change the rules? Might backfire if dems retake congress.
They're going to do whatever the hell they want regardless. So your point is?
That it’s a bad idea
TIME TO GET TOUGH PRESIDENT TRUMP PEN TO PAPER SIGN EXECUTIVE ORDER FOR MANDATORY E-VERIFY TODAY #MAGA
Leader HO HO McConnell (Mr Historic Obstruction)
@SenateMajLdr    Turn your eyes to Alfie Evans in the United Kingdom. Murder.
 "We're going to maKe
@BarackObama a 1 tERm POTUS", dOEs tHAt sOUNd familiar? #JudgeGorsuch
as well as B.O. #judicial picks we're #blocked or #denied #hearings by #JohnBoehner aNd yourself!

#GOPComplicit #GOPCorruption #TrumpRussiaConspiracy #QuidProQuo aNd
#RussianSanctions

Obstruct you forever
#MerrickGarland
Kind of like turtle stopping a vote to protect the special investigator!    Hope demsstop your fake crap for the ne t few years!   All stops anyway come November!   GOP losers!
Can't wait to learn what Trump has on you. Grow a set and do your job.
Chao now, brown cow?!?  #He’sGotHisWife

You are the biggest blocker of all time!
Don't make me laugh. No one can top your refusal to consider the nomination of Merrick Garland. The Dems are just vetting Trump's unqualified choices.
#KarmasAMitch
#MerrickGarland

What are you doing about it?
Start hearing hours on weekends perhaps it will incentivize Democrats and Republicans to earn their huge tax payer salaries.
Historic? You mean since the last time you did a few years ago? 
Yes how horrible. Doing their job. Meanwhile extreme vetting is proving appropriate give the clown show cabinet currently in place. By the way, fix your picture. That photoshop of an actual smile on your face is painful.

A lot happened in that interview, but for my money the most important thing was Trump saying that "our Justice Department -- which I try and stay away from, but at some point I won't -- our Justice Department should…
Time to go nuclear. Dems are stonewalling atvall phases and all costs in order to try to steal midterms. No more time to wait!#
They don't need the dems numb nuts
Daniel - Are they qualified Candidates?   Most of the people Trump as been putting up are completely unqualified for the position.  There are Republicans shaking their heads at these people as well...
Payback for your promise to make President Obama a one-term President? Can’t help it that your current president is a horrific leader and makes even poorer choices Senator. 
Thank god
McConnell is not to aggressive at attempting to stop the Democrats interference, other then just whine about it
Important for sure. However the multitude of small and seasonal businesses that are at risk due to the inaction of the Trump administration and Sec Nielsen to raise the H2-B cap is a travesty! You risk losing my vote and thousands more this year if no action is taken!  #SaveH2B
Well, pardon the Dems all over the place, Mr. 'Make-Obama-a-one-term-president-is our-top-priority'.
Suggest that your close ties to China is allowing you to slow walk Trump's nominees and blaming Schumer.  China's feeling threatened, so anything that will slow a Trump juggernaut is to their benefit.  Your in-laws have close ties to China in military shipping and banking.
How in hell are Democrats obstructing Nominees with Republican majority in Congress?! TRUMP DOESN’T HAVE ANY PENDING!
Thank Mitch for doing a good job !
How can it be historic if you did the same thing 2 years ago?
Because Obama was a damn joke. Fake president who "spoke well" that's it. 
He has NO legacy. If he isn't in jail by the end of 2024, he'll be begging for Kenya to have him back and apparently they can't stand him either. 
He tried to ruin this country and Mitch knew it. 
Grow up
M
E
R
R
I
C
K

G
A
R
L
A
N
D
The balls on this guy. Damn. He’s like the Mozart of hypocrisy.
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garla
The fact that YOU of all people had the nerve to tweet this shines a BRIGHT LIGHT on your hypocrisy.

Wasn't JUST talking about the Garland situation(by the way that nominee in the Biden video got a hearing AND vote. So your point is moot.)But his ENTIRE service during Obama's time in office. He SAID he would obstruct EVERYTHING Obama tried to do just cuz it was Obama.
What are u talking about??  Biden was telling HW Bush that IF...IF, a retirement occurred, he should not name a nominee. That hypothetical retirement in 1992 never occurred, as such, no nominee was ever nominated, and thus, never voted upon. Wow...educate yourself before speaking
My bad. Was thinking of ANOTHER instance.
You need to change the rules, the dems would NEVER PUT UP W/REPUBLICANS DOING THIS.  Why aren't the republicans on tv raising hell about this every day.  We are a party of losers and we will lose it all in Nov. - due to lack of helping Trump get our agenda approved/no WALL, nthng
Eric Garland
@SenateMajLdr and @realDonaldTrump continue with their historic sell-out of the American people and the Nation’s ideals and principles. 

History will not remember of you two kindly. 

Deliberately destroying what 240+ years took to build in 18 months...now THAT’S historic.
...and THIS from the asshole who said publicly that ensuring Obama was a one-term president was his only job, and who led the @GOP Obstructionist movement. 

Is there a word that means “irony” times a million?
Bless you heart. It is called karma. What goes around comes around. Stop being a hypocrite & try to actually be a leader for the love of all that is holy.
The Senate Judiciary Committee voted to approve a bipartisan bill to protect special counsel Robert Mueller from being fired in the midst of the Russia investigation - so, exactly, who is obstructing whom?
Merrick Garland
GRATE JOB. GOOD YOU CHANGED THE RULES ON VOTING. SO NOW GET RID OF THE FILLIBUSTER ON OTHER LEGISTATION SO YOU CAN GET SOMTHING DONE
They learned from you,  ahole
Mitch was the Chief Obstructionist during the Obama administration.
So wrong they are full of it!!!
Snowflake
You blocked Obama's Supreme Court nominee for a YEAR.

You're blocking bipartisan legislation that would protect the investigation into Russian meddling in our election.

YOU are the obstructionist, @SenateMajLdr.
How in hell can you stand there and lie ? You pos
SCOTUS nomination by Obama. You refused to allow a vote for how many Months? 10. You POS. Hope newly elected younger lawmakers cut your Federal Retirement.
Sounds like the chickens came home to roost. The republicans did the EXACT same thing for the last 8 years. #karma #yallallactinglikekids #noneofyoufittoserve
N-U-C-L-E-A-R
POTUS keeps presenting unqualified people, including someone with zero legal experience for a position as a judge.

Now get off your rear and allow the Senate to vote to protect Mueller.
This is not true. The GOP controls Congress, so announcing that you can't get it together is, well, SAD!
Oh please you know you are an embarrassment to this country, it’s starting to look like you don’t even care how loud your hypocrisy is
Merrick. Garland.
Please do something about it
I JUST HEARD WHAT THE LIAR IN CHARGE HAD TO SAY THIS MORNING ON STATE RUN TV FOX (TRUMP TV) THE LIAR IN CHARGE WAS CRYING ABOUT THE DEMS TAKING TOO LONG TO PASS HIS NOMINEES!BUT OF COURSE THE LIAR IN CHARGE DOESN'T TAKE THE BLAME BC THE TRUTH IS HIS NOMINEES R NOT BEING VETTED WL
It’s called standing up for history! Learn something @SenTedCruz @JohnCornyn ! Your both done representing Texas in the Senate, we need Real LEADERS!
PLEASE!  you better send this bill to the floor to protect Mueller.
Keep the Senate in session 24/7 till you get them confirmed!
Jesus when are you going away?
Merrick. Garland.
Your profile pic makes this perfect.
With-people-like

Scott-Swamp-Pruitt-ie-Mr-First-Class

Ben-Antique-Furniture-Store-Carson

Rob-Wife-Beater-Porter

Jared-BackDoor-to-Russia-and-I-can-be-Bought-Kushner

and

Steve-Reverse-Mortgage-ScrewU-Mnuchin

Would-would-you-expect?

and-General-Kelly
hates-overspenders
Mnuchin's tagline shoud be RoboSigner.
Scenario:

RoboSigner-foreclosures-on-your-Parents-home

Carson-comes-by-for-the-Furniture-on-the-curb

and-then-Pruitt-moves-in-for-$50-a-day

The-Mooch-handles-the-paperwork

One-stop-operation
Now that's funny!
Fix it now Senate majority leader, work 7 days a week like much of your constituents!!!!!!
Your short term memory is annoying as fuckk sir.
Go NUCLEAR. Get the job done.
If he didn't use them up so fast....
WEAK @SenateGOP  @HouseGOP  @jeffsessions  I thought you people were going to fix this country ?  I'm still going to vote for @POTUS  He needs to get rid of @jeffsessions  put @TGowdySC in his place . Rosenstein should had been out a long time ago. @SenSchumer walks all over you
America looks to a future without you anywhere near government. You are a full scale CROOK. Give it up, you corrupt GOP hack.
Time for you to be put out to pasture— or go to jail with the rest of the criminals, Mitch.
@SenateMajLdr We want Mueller protected and we want the rule of law! You have failed to protect the American people. We know what you did and Justice is coming for you. #Mitch@McConnell
MERRICK GARLAND YOU FUCKFACE
Go nuclear!
You finally woke up Mitch!!! 
You withheld a supreme court nominee for over a year. Your liar in chief is not nominating qualified people. Impeach Trump and resign.
Do not let them vacation until the confirmations are complete. America is demanding these #confirmations!!! #Democrats are #Obstructionists #EnoughIsEnough
Go to 7 days per week. That is ur only defense
Please. Ask Judge Garland about HISTORIC obstruction. Could you at least TRY to make your commentary less laughable?

They aren't qualified.  What the H is wrong with you.
Merrick Garland.
Hey, the Dems don’t hold a candle to YOU
I will NOT vote for ANY POLITICIAN who stands with @SenateMajLdr and will post a list of all donors and their public holdings BOYCOTT ALL THINGS GOP
Merrick Garland? Live by the sword, die by the sword
Says the man who kept the Supreme Court @ 8 for MONTHS
They continual with their obstruction period!
Like you with Merrick Garland.... Hypocritical wouldn't you say...
You're trolling, yes?
if @SenateMajLdr is no longer leader and @SenSchumer the R's won't obstruct because on day one Schumer will remove the filibuster, count on it.
Historic obstruction: like when you blocked Obama’s court pick? You are an embarrassment to our country.
MERRICK. GARLAND.
Historic obstruction...
That would be a joke coming from you.
Except it isn't funny at all.
You are the leader, you are the leader of obstrucionists cont. to sit there and do nothing !! You are complicit stop the madness end the filibuster act like a leader or resign ! #MAGA
Hypocrites!  You wrote the book on obstruction!  Remember Merrick Garland?  #SaveMerrick
You seem to lack self-awareness.
It's not historic, you hack
#MerrickGarland says hello.
Pot calling the kettle black here? You have big one of the biggest obstructionists in the history of the Senate. You need to be indicted along with the rest of this administration.
But it was ok for you to do the same thing right? You're a complete and utter fraud
Senate Majority Leader who prided himself on obstruction is angry about obstruction. Huh.

K.
Well put a stop to it then and change the Damn rules
go nuclear this is ridiculous, you are all looking to get voted out and replaced by conservatives it seems?
ITS
Go Nuclear Mitch!
The irony of you calling others obstructionists is thick.
Unbelievable!

Is it more historic than your own obstruction methods, Mitch? 
McConnell could change that! He has the power! He is a Soros Wimp!
Yeah, you know about "historic obstruction" don't you?
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr  @SpeakerRyan continue with historic destruction of American democracy 

Merrick Garland!
