You Sir are guilty for enabling the resistance by refusing to get rid of arcane filibuster rule Get rid of filibuster or step aside so @SenateGOP can get a real leader who will grab gavel from Chuck Schumer who is just making you look like the fool you are#filibuster
It is a shame when US congress won’t act on immigration and we must rely on Mexico to do it
Losers
Just get rid of the filibuster.  They are going to do it too you once they get control. This has been a hindrance forever to get anything done.

There's no fool like an old fool.
You’re a literal turd.
There you go again,  lying!
#DEPLORABLEBASKET
“McConnell allowed only 20 confirmations of district and circuit judges during Obama’s last two years, a modern low according to congressional statistics. Already he has confirmed 32 judges for Trump, including Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch”
They are obstructionist unless it is their idea.
You already passed a very large military bill. They should be covered under that. No need for more spending. Republicans are careless with our Tax money! You will all see our power. #BlueWave2018 #november2018
More bullshit. Not even worth answering.
The Coast Guard does important work!  Shame on the Dirty Dems!
I call BS!! I'd be willing to bet my lungs that your telling half of the truth..... basic Republican Trump BS
Senate Democrats filibuster a bill to that removes protections for the Great Lakes from invasive species.

Yes,  you read that correctly. 

Fixed it for you
For the record: 

This bill would eliminate some Clean Water Act measures that were designed to keep invasive species out of the Great Lakes

You are against being invasive species out of the Great Lakes?
We should have read “a bill authorizing funding,” but who worries about reading and understanding bills. 

#mealymouthMitch
Oh Mitch, you really need better staff tweeting this nonsense.
#MerrickGarland
Wonder which of the pork provisions they disagreed with. 

Youre scum for using our service members for political gain.
You are the Majority leader, do something constructive to deal with the filibusters!
I appreciate your standing up to the Democrats, but when are you going to change the rules?
Just another example of your failure to Lead #ResignMcConnell
I am sure that Mr. McConnell has left out a major part of the story! He seems to have memory problems!
Dems did the right thing. They should do it until 2018 midterm.  Then they can implement their policies
@ChrisCoons 
@brianschatz 
@SenatorShaheen 
Why did you vote against legislation you cosponsored??
Retire
Wtf?
Can you say “ mean spirited obstructionists “?
TIME TO GET RID OF
FILIBUSTER???????
@realDonaldTrump 
@GOP
So, you know what you must do, abolish the filibuster rule, go to majority vote,. NOW
Why do I suspect there’s much more to this story @SenateMajLdr  McConnell? Is it because you’re best known for your trickeries? If it pans out true as you say then the dem base would resist those leaders.  Unlike the weak republican base.

Haven't you got it yet Mitch,The Dems will filibuster EVERY Bill put up. Go nuclear  and pass the majority http://rule.NOW  or make way for someone who will.
Nuclear!!!! What are u waiting for?

You should resign as majority leader as you have a conflict of interest with your wife as a Trump cabinet member.
Quit whining. Do something about it. If Dems control they change the rules to suit their objectives. If you control the Senate then quit using excuses.
Tell us what else is in the bill, slime
Democrats don’t want the drug smugglers caught.
Let's see. Who said he would make it his mission to obstruct everything Obama did? Oh yeah. That was you, you obstructionist hypocrite. Put the Country first and #ProtectMuellerNow.
I think u r getting to old for ur job it seems ur ments l ca pability is fsiling u and ur decision making is pure crap Democrats r our future time for u old man to retire
Go back to a simple majority vote. That's how it was for most of our country's history. Then, you can stop moaning about obstructionist Democrats all the time.

We all know that you only use it as an excuse for not fulfilling the promises you made to voters.
Not as bad as being a traitor of United States by covering up Russian interference like YOU did !
Stop helping Putin we will be better off.  What is in the bill that you tacked on to it that the Democrats don’t like
What pork were you trying to hide in the bill?
So, when are you going to change the rules and stop them from this dangerous resistance nonsense? It will be too late after they get the majority back and at the rate you are handling good legislation for the American people, it will occur sooner than later!
Is this true?
"During the 2015-2016 election season, Ukrainian-born billionaire Leonard "Len" Blavatnik contributed $6.35 million to leading Republican candidates and incumbent senators. Mitch McConnell was the top recipient..." 2/2
https://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/commentary/2017/08/03/tangled-web-connects-russian-oligarch-money-gop-campaigns …
GET RID OF THE FILIBUSTER RULE, AND GET OFF YOUR BUTT AND USE THE MAJORITY POWER AND “DO” WHAT YOU WERE ELECTED TO DO! BETTER YET, RETIRE!
Because of your addition of trully mudding the waters. We see you and we are not stupid!

You ASSHOLE — filibustered OUR @SCOTUS.

WTF @SenateMajLdr? 'No indication that Mueller is going to be fired" ??? EVERY ONE this crazy @potus FIRES HAS HAD NO WARNING WHATSOEVER. 

Republicans Push Bill To Protect Mueller, Without McConnell's Support
WE THE PEOPLE do not want our tax dollars spent on forming a Gestapo force reminiscent of Nazi Germany. So no! Wet dont want that bill passed. We do want to protect the investigation into election tampering by Russia. Protect the special counsel, or prove yourself a traitor.
Two words on the reap what you sow situation that your terrible leadership has wrought... Merrick Garland.
Didn't you refuse to have confirmation hearings for a supreme court nominee?
You all need to get voted out!!
please do not allow them to take our Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid! We American people and employers have paid into that! It is our Money!

And you block protecting Mueller bills.
#MerrickGarland
You blocked everything for 2 years.  Leader hypocrite!
Resign Mitch! Your brand of crooked politics has no place in America.
So...what was attached to it??? It had to be something bad!
I hope they continue to block all of your bills for the rich. #resign
@SenateMajLdr It looks like congress do not create clean bills anymore. There always a slick trick to the game and finger pointing in US governance.

Mitch McConnell's super PAC took $40,570,000 from 4 of Trump's largest donors 2015-2016 election cycle. This might factor into McConnell's decision not to #ProtectMueller. Let me be clear. Today what…
It's so good that you don't spend your time inflaming partisan tensions. I mean, what would we do if you spent all your time being a flame thrower?
Yeah but what else is in that bill Mitch?
To paraphrase #KomradeMcConnell - This is not necessary, there is no indication the Coast Guard is going to run out of funds anytime. We'll not be having this on the floor of the Senate.

#ProtectMueller
You omit the truth in your headline tweets. The bill would have weakened water pollution in the Great Lakes, put all the responsibility on @USCG to monitor it, and not enough funding. Fix the bill.
Shows they don’t care about our great country. Remember they Coast Guard will enforce Immigration Laws and go after the Drug runners. I assume Democrats want these people protected from prosecution
1) TOᑭ ᖇOᑭE TᖇAViS  
@TopRopeTravis
15h ago

I wore these boots many times in combat zones when I was deployed to the Middle East years ago.

They're ready to be worn again if we are called to march (If/When) Trump fires Mueller. 

When I took my oath, it was to protect..
2)  the Constitution against enemies foreign AND domestic!
It's time that someone in DC start thinking broadly about the country and not narrowly about how to get enough money from big donors to get re-elected.  That is a challenge that I am sure you will not take up.
I'm sure that if you put a clean (I know you hate the word) funding bill for the CG in front of the Senate it will fly through.  Nobody is against funding the CG.  Lots of thoughtful people are against needlessly endangering the largest fresh water mass on the planet-Great Lakes!
and one of your ilk attached that provision to the Coast Guard funding bill on the theory that funding the Coast Guard was a "must pass."  Yes, I know that's the way business is done in DC but it sucks and you're making it worse by your lying and half-truths.
Is the funding paid for with more Republican borrow-and-spend?  Debt per citizen $64,000 + and $8,000 + annual interest.  Republicans enriching the wealthy and selling out the average American family.
in that dirty legislative process you run that would have benefited shippers with respect to regulations regarding ballast water?  This is what held the bill up, not the Coast Guard, you stupid, lying fool.  The shipping industry wants uniform ballast water discharge rules ...
Dems? You have three houses. Do you take responsibility for anything? Knowing your inability to legislate how dirty was this bill? @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
All patriots vote against McConnell.  You are the most unpopular Senator since Joseph McCarthy.  You - like McCarthy - ONLY GLORIFY YOURSELF.  You are the architect of the destruction of the American Democracy!!!!
What I reaqd, you halfwit, was a deliberate attempt to present only the half of the story that suited you and your ilk.  You are the leader of the Senate and you are resorting to Fox News and Breitbart tactics.  Did it occur to you to mention the attached issue ......

McConnell plans to extend Senate workweeks to prevent red state Dems from campaigning: report  http://hill.cm/1BlCKtI  
I really hope that someone is keeping a list of all this democratic insanity and USE it forcefully come next go around at the voting booths!!
Tell us why? What bullshit did you sneak into the bill?
@BillGlines MITCH: 51! 51! 51! 51! 51! STOP YOUR IMMATURE INCESSANT WHINING! Appointees, Judges, the Omnibus Diarrhea! YOU ARE IN COMMAND, THEN COMMAND, USE THE 51 OPTION! @seanhannity @LouDobbs @AnnCoulter @SenateGOP
I wonder...when you die will Satan come for you directly or will you be swept away by dark angels? I picture these things and know you will one day face God. I don't believe you think you will. But you've got a lot of explaining to do.
Maybe you’ll learn not to fuck around with #SCOTUS nominations.
trump is succeeding in smearing Mueller - more Americans have an unfavorable view of him. You must be so proud. You have literally stood idly by as the criminal loots the American taxpayer. For what? tax breaks for the rich? what else do you want from us, Mitch? Blood?
What Kompromat are they holding over your head? Where did they stash the Rubles? You are complicit & you are a TRAITOR to the Country you were chosen to defend! #ImpeachTrumpNow #GOPComplicit #RussiaOwnsTrump
And exactly what else was in that bill? Undoubtedly a bunch of #GOP crap.  You are not fooling Americans. Your 15% approval rating is still too high.  Congress is a useless body and only cares about partisan politics, not the American people. Time to clean house!
So sick and tired of the dems
C O W A R D
T R A I T O R
Merrick. Garland. *mic drop*
Read this, Mitch Filthy McConnell. Talk about a shithole party. I can smell the stench of your Trump party from Florida.
Vote these degenerates out of our Congresses, Senates and courthouses, America. In 201 days we purge our country of these jack-offs.

@SenateMajLdr have you always been a traitor?
YOU need to make sure that POMPEO is put through as Secretary of State!

He'll do a GREAT JOB!

Every President should have their choice!
Let me tell U something, Mitch, that U seem to have forgotten!  I, along  w/millions of taxpayers, R your boss!  Not your special interests!  And I don't give 2 flying f*cks if your title says 'majority', We The People are the majority & the majority wants protection for Mueller!
America will vote the pornographic, election hacking, tax pillaging, Putin serving, TrumpGOP out of our political system in 201 days. Yes. You read that right. America doesn’t like their national elections hacked.
Your party is dead & stinks.
#BlueWave2018
I'm sure that's 100% the full story
Heh heh. Sarcasm, right? I like it! 

I like it a lot! 
What did you add into the bill that would make them do that?
Call a recess and let Trump do recess appointments.
What the hell do they have against our country? The fight harder for other countries than they do our own. Wrong & disturbing!
It's all to hurt Trump and tie up the Senate. Go nuclear!
You're surprised????
Dude, wake up. These are not the loyal opposition.
They will destroy this country to regain power.
We need to get these people out of office ASAP !!!

McConnell is complicit with orange asshat in waffle house on obstruction. Refusal to protect Rule of Law shows a position upholding a dictatorship
Time has come for ALL red to be voted out - circus was a 'disaster'
#VoteThemOut2018 #ImpeachTrump #MuellerIsComing @SenateDems
Stop fiddle farting around and go nuclear!!!  You allow this.
& you @SenateMajLdr are no leader! If the Judiciary Committee passes the bill to protect Mueller you should bring it to the floor. If the Pres won't sign it if it passes the full Senate then bring it back to floor to see it gets a 2/3 vote. But, you're scared tRump might get mad
McConnell is a “tools tool.”!!
...or THE TOOL'S fool! He needs to get his nose out of Drumpf's anus! 
Are you actually whining about a filibuster?

You?

Bring the Mueller and Eisenstein Bill to the floor. DACA. Anything else that you've been stonewalling.

You know how it works.

@SenSchumer Chuck
@SenDuckworth tamm
@LindseyGrahamSC
This coming from the king of filibusters? Hypocrisy is dead.
You sold America to Putin, your opinion no longer matters
Sen. McConnell, thank you for sharing information about the Sen Democrats & their ridiculous show of resistance. Another example of the Deep State Operatives. Please continue to keep us informed, these selfish actions will certainly impact the Dems negatively at the midterm polls
Deluded Troll Alert! The only Deep State in America is #Cult45! Deal with it! Donny Boy has you conned, Bigly! 
What’s in the bill Mitchell? Probably something benefiting the rich or corporations. Tell the whole story next time.
Perhaps you need to bring Mueller bill forward.
No "perhaps" about it!
Do the right thing for a change, McConnell! 

Because it allowed for relaxed waste dumping regulations in, among other waters, the Great Lakes. Your constant deregulation putting this nation’s environment at risk will be remembered this fall.
Nuke em you scared little turtle man.
Stop it wrinkles, resign . You won’t protect Muller . And you went ahead and scammed the shit out of the people that struggle to live day to day with your evil #TaxScamBill so go take a nap.

You suck!
Not getting too much support on twitter! BECAUSE YOU ARE A FUCKING TRAITOR. YOU THINK YOU WONT GO DOWN WITH TRUMP!??? WATCH! YOU WILL GO DOWN!
In your opinion-there is much more to this sensationalistic headline.
who cares about glorified life guards?
Wht about all of the dumbshit you’ve done the past year??
#SenateDemocrats filibuster a bill with a ballast water dumping provision in order to protect our county's greatest water resource, the Great Lakes.
There, corrected it for you.
So divisive and filled with hate toward the other side; this is not leadership. I was a Republican and am ashamed of this divisive Senate leadership.
So
Checking to see how Senator Nelson voted. He is up for re-election in FL.  The coast guard is vital to FL waters.

Sad!!
And what else did you sneak into it?  Cannot trust anything you say, any more than we can trust the so-called president.  #DitchMitch
Majority Leader won’t let a bipartisan bill to protect the special counsel come to a vote Bc he will protect Trump at all costs. You read that correctly
The bill must contain a poison pill. This is typical of Republicans.
U really should be dismantled!.
This is why Mitch won’t protect special counsel

THEN THOSE DIMS CAN COME DOWN HERE TO THE  FLORIDA PORTS & STOP THE DRUGS  COMING IN FROM S. AMERICA ...
Your such a hypocrite!!  May I remind you that when President Obama was elected your goal was to make him a one term president - not to work with him to make America better for everyone - just to throw any obstacle in his path. Shame on you and Elaine.
Mitch you helped the Dems give all that money to plan parenthood now $30000000 to remove you as GOP leader # smart
Hey Turtle man, how much campaign money did you get from Russia??
Found the Steele dossier, turns out it was Mitch the whole time!
Just like you won’t even consider a bill protecting special prosecutors. Hmmm asshat
Its only ok when your side does it...right? Your side is the architect of the filibuster. Can't get about it now. Remind me again...how many times it was used under Obama?
Dude, you've got to stop reaching so hard.

Where’s the bill to protect Mueller - you fraudulent frog ??!!
And YOU refuse to protect our country against TRAITORS.
Trump's attorney, Jay Goldberg has just advised his client to fire Rod Rosenstein.

Tell me again Mitch McConnell, how you see "no indication" that Trump…


An effort on your part to do away with clean water was attached to this bill. You are a true slime ball to quote your president.
I wonder if the staffer who writes these tweets shows ole Mitchy the replies, or just tells him “They love your tweets”
You are the king of filibusters. You have no right to call anybody out. Why don’t you bring a clean bill to the floor for Coast Guard instead your normal corrupt additions?

Politically posture much? Those Senators have a duty to protect the interests of their states and their constituents. Remove the ballast water provision and they were more than ready to pass a bill that supports our Coast Guard.  @SenateDems @SenateGOP. https://www.hstoday.us/federal-pages/dhs/uscg/coast-guard-authorization-act-filibustered-over-environmental-concerns/ ….
Shut your snivelling mealy mouth @SenMajLdr McConnell. You will never get out of the hole you have dug for yourself and will go down in history as the most corrupt, amoral senate leader under the worst president ever.

#GOPCorruption #GOPGreed #GOPLies #GOPTaxScam #GOPDeception
You are honestly the most revolting human on the planet. And I use human loosely.
You're senile.  Term limits.  Resign.
51 votes Mitch. Grow a pair!
Note:Dems N #Senate filibustered a bill to authorize funding @USCG! The bill would have set a single national standard for ballast-water discharges from maritime vessels … failed a key procedural vote in U.S. Senate 56-42 vote. Filibusters Sens. Chris Coons ,Schatz,&Shaheen.
#ProtectMueller #DemandAVote #ProtectMueller #DemandAVote #ProtectMueller #DemandAVote #ProtectMueller #DemandAVote #ProtectMueller #DemandAVote #ProtectMueller #DemandAVote #ProtectMueller #DemandAVote #ProtectMueller #DemandAVote #ProtectMueller #DemandAVote #ProtectMueller
Unsure how you have people under you in Congress that still support you and write this nonsense
What else did was in the bill that you “forgot” to mention? Stop the bullshit Mitchy
Fuck you.
And what else is in that bill? Cutting Medicare, Medicaid hmmmmmmm.
Keep lying, you POS. Now you want to extend Senate's workweek to keep Democrats from campaigning. The Senate should work 40 hour workweek like everyone else, but not only when it's convenient for your campaign strategy. Is this the only way you think you can win? #LoserGOP
You’re a hack too if you would grow some balls and change the rules we could have everything
What was hidden in the bill with that?
