WHERE IS THE WALL?  NON STARTER DEMOCRAP POS.  YOU ARE FIRED.
I changed parties because of you, @SpeakerRyan and our “president”. I am now a proud Democrat and I can’t wait for this blue wave in November to remind you that the power of the people is stronger than the people in power. #BlueWave2018 #VoteThemOut
'The power of the people is stronger than the people in power.' 
Great line!
Thank you!! I believe the wonderful @CoryBooker is to thank for that phrase!
Why is mental health funding cut? Is it up to States to fix this problem?
Leader McConnell I am withholding anymore GOP donations and have urged my associates to do the same until you completely fund the boarder wall that we voted for. Good luck 
Yea and build the wall to why your at Mitch
You win for the stupidest nonsense tweet of the day.  Congratulations.
You know Adolf just knowing I piss u off made my day I sleep better at night because of it thank u
HA! Why would I waste my time being pissed off at a stupid tweet from a learning disabled twit?
Let me ask you something Mr know it all exactly what is it that President Trump is doing to destroyed our country since you know so fucking much
I know more than you, which clearly isn't all that much.
Yea yea yea
Grasp at straws all you want but Dems are saying what people want to hear.  Your own state continues to deny #MedicalCannabis to us (vets). Good thing all of you have pensions but what about the teachers in your state?
You talk about helping veterans,meanwhile yout party keeps trying to strip away their benefits. Maybe a significant raise to compensate disabled veterans who can’t work due to injury or sickness while in http://uniform.So  that they may have some quality of life?
Another  Spending Bill what the hell was that thing you all passed a few months back  Kidding  you seriously are trying to get more money from the People  ask the NRA Kochs  they made plenty on the  Tax Scam  as did you and the rest of the cronies  in ur Party with Few Exceptions
#infrastructure ?  What have you been doing the last 30 years?  #infrastructureInruins
But you lowered taxes on the wealthy and can't pay for it. Dummy.

How about the people rebuild "Congress" drain the swamp beginning with you.
You Traitor...took $MILLIONS from China Govt via underhanded delivery system from father in law to your Wife.  Including with Biden & Kerry and many more=$Billions
#CrookedMitch
Why haven't u changed the rules...Simple Majority passes Bills.

Are you helping the China Govt ??  What are you giving away that Chinese Govt wants? Lots of questions here.  And Biden, Kerry too.

@realDonaldTrump @JohnCornyn @SenateGOP @ChuckGrassley @TheJusticeDept 
@LouDobbs
Trump administration allows insurance companies to charge higher rates? WSJ https://www.wsj.com/articles/trump-administration-pushes-conservative-goals-in-health-care-market-changes-1520377333 … via @WSJ
You’re one of them!
And what about Obama?
Did you even read your article? Yes, using analytics did not start with Obama and won’t end with Trump. It’s the seeding campaigns with foreign money, “sending women around” and typing it, all with the intention to BLACKMAIL!!! Not the same!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Obvious you can't read...
Should zero out mueller budget in bill
Yes, the military deserved this already given raise, but how much of a raise did you get Mitch? Also what about the blasted VA "Choice Program?" You appreciate the military so much, now don't you? You are no different than Harry Reid, now are you Mitch?

How about Puerto Rico?
How about the wall?
Screw addicts. Personal accountability
How about oversight on Trump? Complicit. You are embarrassing and certainly not doing what you were elected for.
Mitch, are you a Democrat???
You’ve been in office for a very long time, but teachers have been ignored while U ride the “popular issue” train. What a glorious day it will be when U retire. Your corrupt paws removed from the throats of those U help oppress. Only the very wealthy benefit from your corruption
HOW DO U LOOK UR KIDS IN THE EYE & SPEAK TRUTH TO THEM ..WHEN U DONT  HAVE THE BALLS TO SPEAK UP AGAINST THIS CHAOTIC DANGEROUS  ADMINISTRATION ...U R COMPLICIT #LdrMcConnell THAT MAKES U JUST AS GUILTY
it is your jop to protect the constitution not the president protect mueller not the president oversight on the executive branch..not to let then do whatever they want..
He's corrupt.  
Don't expect too much.
GET OUT

G-E-T  O-U-T
I'd like to know where the money to pay for this is coming from since you slashed our revenue to shreds. What happened to not wanting to raise our debt ceiling? Oh right that's only when it comes to helping the poor, homeless and our vets.
Mr. President, please veto DEMOCRATS @SpeakerRyan’s and @SenateMajLdr’s OmniPORK anti-MAGA bill !

FUND THE DAMN WALL !

DEFUND SANCTUARY CITIES !

NO INTERNET SALES TAX !

NO FUNDING PP & OCARE !

PRESERVE 2ND AMENDMENT !

Americans did not vote Democrat! USE NUCLEAR OPTION!
How about stepping up to get this dangerous potus out of the White House?
That's all you got coward..."look over here folks" How about face the facts....we are on the verge of a constitutional crisis and your still trying to push that stupid tax break scam. RESIGN.Full Stop.
Do you care what Trump and your complicity is doing to this country? Do you care that Trump likes dictators? Do you care about anything other that your agenda at any cost? I know you don't - Merrick Garland is the biggest example. #Votethemout2018
I guess the 35billion to Lockheed Martin the 26.5 billion to Boeing and the 110b split between Northrop Raytheon and gen dynamics isn’t enough ?? Don’t pretenD that the increase goes to the troops How are those campaign contributions going ??
I see you and want to take opiods. You're the disease, you can't bring a cure
Our so called Commander in Chief congratulated Putin on his “win” even when his own National Security Advisors told him not to. He congratulated a man who used nerve agents on people in GB - one of our greatest allies. Your silence = turning your back on your country.
I’ll believe it when I see it

Your comments are amusing. Increased oversite of VA??  You have managed to get more guns in america  than ever, increase the debt by $1.7 trillion, give yourself over $26,000 annual raise and you get free healthcare. And you suppressed the vote in Kentucky with gerrymandering.
What lies, you vile creatin
Short-term tax cuts inflated the deficit in an attempt to buy votes  for  the November 2018 elections. The long-term tax cuts went to the wealthy  and to corporations who largely used it to buy back stock. Some got a  bonus, but bonuses are TEMPORARY. It did not go to pay rises.
Pass Kate’s Law now.
Build that wall, sir.
Too bad you gave all our money away.
You are starting to look corrupt. Please fund and/or defund the issues the voters voted for. 1) Wall  2) Sanctury Cities 3) Planned Parenthood 4)Obama Care.
I had 4 illegals with guns and drugs in my house at 9am and I lost a job to an illegal.
R U CONCERNED AT ALL that @realDonaldTrump @POTUS ignored Natl Security advisors not to engage Putin today.   Grow a spine Senator.  Any one of you?!!? It’s time to speak out publicly!
U freaking hypocrite. U obstructed President Obama's attempt to attack the opioid epidemic for YEARS, so u need to sit down & STFU. U created the delay in starting to attack this problem because of ur racism towards 44. Don't try to b the hero now. It's not working, so SHUT UP!!!
Racism towards 44? Are you kidding; Obama is the racist.
Yeah, he is a racist. THAT is why he obstructed 44. NO OTHER REASON. Well, you certainly live up to your name deplorable. I could also add a few more, but they would be censored.
#IMPEACH Mitch. Focus. There is a cancer in the @WhiteHouse that needs to be excised. Country and Constitution before Corruption and Cronyism.
And what is the nations debt?
How about saving money and defund planned parenthood, why are we let the Dems control everything you need to get someone else in the leadership role, your not doing the job and the Chinese have you in their pocket
Thanks so much for lying... :)
You’re a traitor, Mitch. I can’t imagine anything you do now will save you from a special chapter in history books of the future.
Congratulations on your re-election, President #Putin. I have always argued that positive relations between the #EU and #Russia are crucial to the #security of our continent. Our objective should be to re-establish a cooperative pan-European security order. -junker  EU
You've done none of these things, and instead spent the last two years obstructing the SCOTUS and making a deal with the devil to sell out the country. I hope you and your wife both enjoy prison when the remainder of this story comes out.
How can you get anything done while you support this?
Could you just shut your pie trap and do something about the real threat to our Republic? Or do you only stand up to black people?
This tweet sounds like what democrats been talking about for the last 12 years os that means your lying to get votes so you can lie to American's for 2 more years
Absolutely ridiculous Rump and you, traitors
How about defunding the planned parenthood. Why the hell are you giving money to sanctuary cities. Serve America and build the dam wall. You know dam well that's what the people want. November is not going to go so good if you continue to ignore what America wants.
The amount you tweet in a day would make one think Trump’s staff is handing you tweets for you to tweet throughout the day
Since you're all for the vets, maybe you could make a public statement regarding what's happening to this guy:
Is that fake news? Either way, it would be war if they outlawed my AR. War. Like real war. Millions of us will never back down. Is that what you want, a second civil war?
Yes and more than half a billion for Planned Parenthood. Disgusting
mitch! What’s it like to be the most hated politician? How pathetic you are!
https://youtu.be/cDkl7oRNmG4  Lying ShitWit!
That are supposed to running the greatest country on earth,at this,Kim in NK is more professional & cares more for his country than you all do for our country,it's absolutely disgusting,GOD SPEED
The corrupt crooks in the congress/senate/FBI/CIA/NSA/DOJ,it's your house,clean it the hell up & get back to doing the business for the people,enough of all the very stupid mueller distractions & excuses,enough of the embarrassing stupid actions from you so called professionals>4
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/politics/trumps-national-security-advisers-warned-him-not-to-congratulate-putin-he-did-it-anyway/2018/03/20/22738ebc-2c68-11e8-8ad6-fbc50284fce8_story.html?__twitter_impression=true …
Bill should not include foreign aid, welfare for illegals, funding for planned parenthood, cash for Obamacare but must, MUST fund the wall.  In fact the omnibus process is a cowardly way to avoid all of the above.  Fight for a change.  That’s why we sent you there.
Your master, Mitch. What an embarrassment you are, and Ryan too. @SpeakerRyan
When is the Mueller investigation going to end? Democracy is being withheld from Those of us that supported Trump due to a “ginned up” Trump Russia investigation - it hurts the credibility of all elections
Have another meeting,tell all Republicans in congress/senate to STOP working on building there bank accounts just long enough to get the JOB of the country done,just this once please,get our military fixed,stop this bullshit with Mueller,get a council in place now to get rid>3
Forget fixing the damn roads,make it safe to be on the roads first,just common sense,secure our boarders,get our government officials confirmed or can't you do that! Put someone in the VA that has a backbone now,fire idiot clock suckers,piss on favors,do the job,get it done now>2
Hey Mitch,when are you gonna take protecting the US citizens & our country serious,when do you think you will get around to funding the damn wall & take this out of control illegal immigration,1st priorities then the other junk,are you doing this or will it be your replacement???
And how the fuk are YOU GOING TO PAY FOR THIS, BIGGER deficits?
Spin, baby, spin.
Fund the Wall and not PP & I'm good with it.
What about the wall??
Your all FIRED
Protect Mueller

You haven't done any of this what are you talking about? 

Dysfunctional @GOP congress horrible can't pass anything.
Is Planned Parenthood still funded? Sanctuary cities still funded? Wall still unfunded? If so, why should I continue to vote @GOP ? Out of patience here in the heartland. @SpeakerRyan
Do you support the death penalty for drug dealers?
We want the wall too!!’
You have bet your party on a dolt
Trump ignored warnings from his national security advisers when he congratulated Putin, including a section in his briefing materials in all-capital letters stating "DO NOT CONGRATULATE." http://wapo.st/2HMSWks 
Best raise in eight years?  Must be a election year.... you republicans have been in power of congress since 2012. Why do you wait till now to want to give them the raise the deserve every year. Same for seniors if you didn’t steal our SS money
Let's see raises in SS
Don’t fund sanctuary cities! 
Don’t fund Planned Parenthood 
BUILD THE WALL!!!
Get some legislation passed pathetic you're part of the swamp get on board or get off! MAGA-KAG!
Mitch, address what you’ll do for the homeless vets? The sick vets without health insurance? #AlternativeFacts
You never met a budget you didn't want to bust did you?
Again “ Dude GO HOME!!
We can add traitor now...








And a return to $1+trillion annual deficits.


Do you even believe your own lies at this point?
Tax scam for the rich to make the poor poorer and you and the other GOP thieves billionaires.
Tax cuts!!! #taxcutscam
Give Trump what he wants NOW!! Or go home.
Grow some balls. Do your job! Stand up to Trump@
How about that $30 MILLION DOLLAR MILITARY PARADE.
Who’s doing oversight over Congress?   You definitely aren’t paying attention to the People.
No to FIX NICS
FIX NICS: A irrate neighbor, an ex-spouse, ANYone, can call the police and say that you are a danger to society or yourself, resulting in the police showing up at your door, confiscating your guns and putting you in a psychiatric hospital against your will, WITHOUT DUE PROCESS.
 ,, مرسی پیرمرد 
I like you. .
تا الان چیکارمیکردین!!!،، آمریکا قدرت و فرصتش رو داشته بودقبلا" توجایگاه بسیار بالاتری ازاین باشه!!,, معلومه شماتنبلی کردین. President Trump and me توی این مدت کمترازیکسال ونیم' این مقدار ترقی رو ایجادکردیم وقطعاادامه میدهیم. 
when the paper pushers  created --the 5th vital sign as pain --the TIGER WAS SET FREE---NATIONS OF ADDICTION REBORN --plus add patient satisfaction score and DRUGS COMPANY MAKES A KILLING SO TO SPEAK    --FOLLOW THE MONEY HONEY  --ALWAYS
this is a huge problem that includes 66% of users suffer mental illness.
All talk no action, u learning from potus, lier
Why are you and the rest of the @GOP protecting Trump and allowing our democracy to be destroyed?  You are complicit in this destruction.  You need to resign!
Why aren’t you doing anything to stop Russian meddling??  Why aren’t you working on DACA, gun control, hell anything.  What are you working on exactly?
Sir, WHY are you still funding Planned Parenthood, Sanctuary cities AND giving MY $$ to illegals? Stop it NOW!!  BUILD THE WALL!  #buildthewall
Defund PP, Build the Wall and no $$$Sanctuary ciities..and that will pay for Huge raises and infrastructure...
Why is this so hard for you meatheads!
Our infrastructure? Like the pedestrian bridge? Manafort and Trump's company?
How about the Senate and leader learn to act like an independent branch of government
Stop bragging. You gave the nation’s treasure to corporate grifters. Tax cheats take way more than welfare cheats. You are the villains
You have the opportunity to take the DACA issue away from the Dems.....push the Trump solution and point out the that Dems will not come to the table. It's a winning issue for the GOP..@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @LouDobbs
Is this the same bill that cuts grants to programs that help vets who are homeless and disabled?  #ShameOnYou for your lies and for enabling #LiarInChief @realDonaldTrump in this and in hurting #farmers through screwing up #NAFTA, #Mexico, #Tariffs, etc.
#NationalAgDay
Where is the money coming from
How about tax cuts for middle class?
Mr. McConnell... no comment on your wife taking millions from chinese govt?....
End Chain Immigration.
End Sanctuary Cities.
Build the Wall.

SUPPORT the POTUS we elected.
Hey don’t forget a chunk of that money is going for a parade that nobody wants. Meanwhile 6 months and Puerto Rico still doesn’t have full power. #failingAmerica #failingKentucky #failingSenateMajLdr
Funny how you are all for spending NOW - but weren't you the little b*tch who cried at Obama? So, was it just that he was black or is that you are now a traitor?
Whatever you pass on INFRASTRUCTURE or anything else where has that help been over the last 9+yrs. you've been an OBSTRUCTIONIST! Where was the INFRASTRUCTURE before bridges starting falling and roads fell apart? Too little too late the MILITARY needs the money?
Stop all planned parenthood funding “GOV SUBSIDED HUMAN GENOCIDE” No ILLEGAL ALIENS SUPPORT 4 Anything. So cut all” HIDDEN CORUPT POLITICIANS BULLSHIT 4KICK BACKS&   ON EA HARD WORKING AMERICANS TAX $ STOP NOWGBA
Other women's vaginas are none of your business. Get it through your thick, backward skull.
You can't stop the opioid epidemic by killing dealers. It's going to take money...money you want to cut from Medicaid! DUMB!
Maybe it’s time to show some leadership. History will judge you accordingly.
Too late for him.
Defund Planned Parenthood
You are a sad dude. You have shown no concern for the American people. You are about money. You will never help the real American people. You only want to be a rich white guy. Please resign.
:

All The Elements Are In Place ...

Infrastructure Is The Spark To Re-Light The Fires Of Industrialization In America

We Must Learn How To Manufacture Again In America

The 2nd American Industrial Revolution

:
Step back into the 50’s where you came from! You are in another century.
We will see if your opioid plan is cheap talk like happened with the tobacco industry Or really something with substance???
How about the House vote on impeachment? Do your constitutional duty! Or have you been bought by Russians?
How about screwing the middle class, poor and elderly?  You left that part out Mitch. Fascists scammers all but Mueller’s coming.
Only if you defund Planned Parenthood & Sanctuary States/Cities!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tax bill added 1.5 trillion to the debt.  GOP hypocrisy.
