Next tax filing season, my family in NJ will be screwed by tax reform. Not happy.
Like the original guy playing Superman, you’ve reached a point of believing anything U say regardless of it being a complete fabrication. It’s been demonstrated over & over & over how YOUR new tax law helps ONLY the wealthy & corporations. Deceiver

Thanks for exploding the national debt to levels that endanger the financial health of generations to come, at least according to your Congressional Budget Office. Shame on you.
LOSER

Sad that even Trump said the economy is always better when the Democrats are in control. Just a few more months and we can reverse all of the Republican garbage.
Demand Republican Pay back the trillions $$$ borrower (stole) from Social security for the Bush tax cuts and illegal wars
Something like one of these?
It is also the sad reality that our money goes into the hands of billionaires and corporations that already have gobs of money, because of your disastrous tax reform, too. We Americans deserve better than you, and a new tax code.
TRAITOR TO THE USA
McConnell refuses to allow vote on bill to protect Mueller http://hill.cm/seBdIhz  
The math does not work out.
GREAT! Now to move forward on BUILDING THE WALL! SICK of this Congess ignoring the people! I don't care if Congress doesn't like it. BUILD IT! It is OUR COUNTRY & OUR MONEY! BUILD THE WALL!
Bite it, #bot.
People aren't blind, deaf, or dumb, but you would have to be if you still support this administration despite facts, and cover ups that any rational person can see for what they are. Why doesn't 45 release his taxes? Use your head.
I’m with @realDonaldTrump 100%  He’s the Greatest President we’ve ever had


LOL!  Insanity is rampant among the left! But, we had to deal w/Hillary & Obama, so we learned how to cope. They are used to being lead, so now that they don't have a lead sheep, they are all scrambling wildly looking for someone to tell them what to do!
Sir! Thinking you’re on the way out?
Can’t believe Planned Parenthood was funded with $500,000.00 of taxpayers hard earned money, Sir!
Sir! Thinking you made a terrible mistake and with The Holy Trinity Watching, you will pay a heavy price. 
Help Correct now!
Well if you guys for cared for anything other than a fetus. No funding for programs for children. No help. No decent healthcare but....save the unborn. To hell with em once their in diapers. Why don't some of you adopt a few crack babies and then have an opinion.
Why are you blooking the bipartisan biill to come to the floor to protect Mueller? DJT is acting like Nixon, undermining DOJ, FBI, and separation of powers of executive and judiciary. 70% of Americans want the Mueller investigation to run its course. Protect the constitution!

Yeah, but the fleecing of America will continue
REPEAL TAXSCAM.
Your tax plan is an abysmal failure to those not in the 1% - and come November, you’ll pay the price.
#TRAITOR
That’s right you old gasbag! I’m sure you and the rest of the #VichyGOP have found a way to screw the 99% out of more of their assets to benefit you and the #KochSuckerBros
Hey, watch the hashtags!  Don't sully the good name of cocksuckers.
:-)
Lol. Duly noted. "The committee will take that under advisement" - H. Solo
Stand up against Chuck Schumer! Confirm all of Trumps appointments! Start working with the President. He is speaking for WE THE PEOPLE! 
We need to fix our Country. Stand with us not them!

On the contrary, your type of comments/meme make me even stronger. #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Bots don't get stronger.  They're bots. #Bot
I hope it's the last time you run for Senate.
We all pray that you disclose how much money your wifes' corporations will make and pay no taxes on...
And with the new tariffs comes inflated prices of goods across the board that will chew up the tax savings - and then some.  We need someone that understands global economics making these decisions, not an egomaniac.
Maybe not once control of house and senate are lost things may change certainly things will change by 2020
And those in states that didn't vote for @realDonaldTrump are getting a gigantic tax hike and the next generation will get historic #deficits.  Considering the #tradewar with China, that might not be so smart... but our very #StableGenius is missing that.

There is no indication that Trump will fire Mueller except:

1. That time he ordered the White House counsel to fire Mueller…

Look everyone, the poster-boy of the swamp
Because we won’t have anything left to pay taxes with.  You have stolen everything from average Americans
Mitch you are just a messenger for the rich! Like a compliant complacent servant to bitter billionaires!
What are you going to tell your constituents a year from now when 90% realize they saw little or no savings from a tax bill which will give high earners like you and your donors tens of thousands to millions more? Shame on you.

Outdated because it didn't benefit the wealthy enough prior to now? The cuts are not permanent for us hardworking Americans anyway.  Where's the joy in that?
Shove your tax reform up your ____! You are a nasty old man constantly rubbing middle America's nose in the crap you created. The deficit is still in the trillions which has not disappeared. You are such a deceitful man.
“Their” taxes, not “our” taxes. 

#EnglishclassMitch
All things must pass, as they say. Retire.

#oldfellerMitch
Where's that post card, meaning we all pay more next year except  the 1%who get big tax breaks
THANK YOU ALL REPUBLICANS WHO HELP PASS OUR TAX BILL AND WORKING WITH OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP AND PENCE, THANK YOU ALMIGHTY GOD FOR OUR ANWSERING OUR PRAYERS WE THANK YOU IN YOUR SON'S NAME JESUS CHRIST AMEN FOREVER
This doesn't benefit anyone except your donors. No one is fooled by your bull s***
FU! You’re only smiling cuz u know u got your money and don’t care that the middle class will get screwed! Deficit sky high

If you want to watch some #ProfilesinCowardice, watch GOP leaders tomorrow ducking the Mueller question.
If that isn't a shit eating grin from a fucking worthless @GOP senator, I don't know what is.
@SenSchumer @SenJohnMcCain @SenFeinstein @SpeakerRyan @NancyPelosi @KamalaHarris   The new tax law will enrich your wealthy benefactors and eventually destroy the economic health of the U.S. . Shame on u! Pure corruption! 
You added more than $7000.00 in debt for each man woman and child in the U.S. since mid Dec.  You're only telling them about the $400.00 a taxpayer will get back.  

You're pissing on our leg and telling us it's raining.  And we're getting out an umbrella.  Playing on ignorance.
Tax bill fail. 43% more people see no benefit from tax cut in their take home pay. Add higher health care costs, tariffs, higher drug costs, higher debt.
GOP worries as few say they're seeing benefit from new tax law http://hill.cm/SNk3rdH  

Adds 1.9 Trillion to the deficit. But Mitch and @SpeakerRyan are OK with that as long as children die. #GOPTaxScam #ACA #DitchMitch #Paulryanhatesamerica
Thanks to our President and the republicans for standing behind him.  America can be great again if the republicans wouldn't be so scared of the democrats.
And from next year on, unless you are a mill/billionaire you are screwed and will have to pay through the nose for ilks like you!

Everytime I see your fake smirk, I could.......throw up
Dear Sir
Why don't you implement the nuclear option and actually try to clean up Obama's mess! U KNOW the Dems would do it!

The cost of cutting taxes for the 1%  https://www.nytimes.com/2018/04/09/us/politics/federal-deficit-tax-cuts-spending-trump.html …
Maybe. Or, maybe you and @realDonaldTrump are heading t prison.
I would gladly fill out a more complicated form to avoid saddling my grandchildren and their children with the level of debt the @GOP put on their backs. #GOPSpinandLies #GOPTaxScam
Could you be any stupider?
U POS... Resign already!!!! You are a millionaire..... Thanks to our tax $$
We'd sure like to see what Trump's taxes looked like under the old system!!!!! #TaxMarch
As a licensed tax consultant,  I can tell you that it will definitely NOT help middle class & itemizing is STILL necessary if you file state returns... which is almost EVERYBODY, you twit
SERIOUSLY TAXES??WHY AREN’T YOU SPEAKING OUT AGAINST MUELLER
#TaxScam
I can't wait to file my taxes on a postcard. I'm so glad that Congress made the taxes fair and closed the many loopholes that corporations were using to dodge paying their share. Wasn't that the promise?
Wal-Mart has announced thousands of layoffs since publicizing bonuses and benefits expansion
yeah..and if we are not destroyed by nuclear war the rich will get even richer by not having to pay any taxes LOL
How Come My SALT Deduction ''Disappears" After This TAX Year, Senator?
Taking credit for the President’s tax cut and quietly applauding his shameful treatment by the FBI. Disgusting.

You need to do something about the situation in the WH. Grow a spine if you can. Your silence speaks volumes about your character
History will judge you and your cronies poorly, Mitch!
GET OUT!!
@SenateMajLdr There is no good way to say this, but @realDonaldTrump is LAWLESS. He is now basically attacking career prosecutors & @FBI agents at the US Attorney's Office for the Southern District of NY & the federal judge who authorized the search warrants on Michael Cohen.

Had no trouble with the old method! At least it didn’t add trillions of dollars to our national debt
So now all 49M seniors lose BILLIONS in their Medicare & Social Security payroll taxes and have to pay FAR MORE for monthly insurance than they gained in TEMPORARY tax cuts.

GOP broke 50+ yr govt promise

NEVER TRUST GOP

#VoteThemOut2018 
#VoteBlue20182020 
#VoteGOPOut
What about the debt that you keep adding? Oh, how I miss the old Republican value of healthy fiscal management and no debt. #shameonyou
How much will your bank account grow at the expense of my children and Grandchildren?
@SenateMajLdr --> Silent
Why haven’t you done anything to PROTECT MUELLER?? #ComplicitGOP #VoteThemALLOUT 
Give it up Mitch. The thing is not as popular as you and your colleagues had hoped.
Speaking of Taxes Senator, can you convince the White House to release Donald Trump’s Tax Returns - the one that is not yet under audit.
Next time the rich will get RICHER
Last time you’ll be talking about this.
https://twitter.com/Twylo/status/983498749019226113 …
Americans believe the tax cuts help the rich and corporations over the   middle class by a margin of 58 to13. Only 2% of Americans report a pay increase from the law, and just a quarter say it will make them more likely to vote for Republicans. GOP failed.
Do your job
Dont let trump and GOP hijack our America: Authoritarianism is a Gvt of centralized  power and takes away political and personal freedoms. Citizen rights become subordinate to the Gvt. “there is no longer constitutional accountability under an authoritarian regime” VOTE
When will we get more $$

History is going to get you Mitch
Last time with you in Washington. Go home to your squalid cess pool...

If tRump was a Democratic you would be raising holy hell with all he’s done to harm Americans. Your too quite on this one for a reason? Why Mitch are you not standing up for the constitution, democracy and the rule of Law.
We need to see your campaign donations list, need to follow your money. Your letting this POS President get away with violations of the constitution, noise up ignoring rule of law. No other majority in history would let this go on. McConnell your going down in history shameful

Quit touting something that is increasing our national debt and deficit. Instead work to get rid of this man in the White House who is ruining the United States reputation through out the world and embarrassing the Republican party.
ugh gross do you even have lips?

This is what all voters should remember when they vote in Nov...
What mcconnell has done to this country.
"Why Mitch McConnell is bragging about holding up Merrick Garland from the Supreme Court, two years later"
#TaxScam
Members of Congress made out pretty well with the 20% deduction for pass thrus.  For most of us the tax code is not much different.  It is more complicated and deductions have just been moved from one page to another.  Some get a small cut, some an increase.

I realize you have no plans to move forward concerning IMPEACHMENT. 
You may have no choice eventually. These things take time.
NOVEMBER is 7 months away. 
The GOP can remain complacent &  will be voted out due to their poor decisions that back a corrupt , chaotic WH. 
goodbye middle class deductions for state income and property taxes, Hello #golfcourseownerExemption #privateJetDeduction #gopTaxScam
Tax scam is hurting 90 percent of the country. Repeal it. You and sleezy buddy Ryan need to impeach Trump and Pence then resign.
You got your tax scam, Supreme Ct Justice, & are destroying the environment again. Now will you stand up to Trump? #TrumpCrimeFamily #25thAmendmentNow #DoYourJob
You mean the tax reform bill that has created a $1.5 Trillion debt and will probably put the US into bankruptcy? @realDonaldTrump @SenBlumenthal @GOP
RT This is why they don't! Blavatnik (RU)gave $3.5M to Sen. McConnell PAC. He gave $1.5M to the GOP Senate Ldship PAC (via)Access Industries. $1 million in the name of AI-Altep Holdings in 2016. By Sept.'17, he'd (given) another $1M through AI–Altep." Dallas Morning News 12/2017P
Talking taxes while the White House burns. Creep.
If Trump fires Rosenstein or Sessions, It will demand an immediate and unequivocal response to show that we will not tolerate abuse of power from Donald Trump. Protests would begin immediately. Check the website for the organized group in your area. https://act.moveon.org/event/mueller-firing-rapid-response/search/ … …?
Yep... on our way to having over $1 trillion annual budget deficits...during an economic expansion. You should be so proud.
Sir, are you paying attention at all? Hello @SenateMajLdr wake up. There’s an implosion in progress. Best resign now and avoid the rush.
Approve Trump's nominees. Stop stalling.
But that is the ONLY item of Trump's agenda you have done anything on.  Get to work or GET OUT!
My taxes went UP since the tax "cut"....
#aboloshTheIRS
You mean the Tax Breaks for the Rich and Corporations Act? #GOPTaxScam Written in secret by the crooked, corrupt republican party. It gives deep and permanent tax cuts for corporations and temporary cuts for individuals.  And it raises the national debt by $1.5 trillion.
About that trillion you added to natl debt....
It’s almost MUELLER TIME!
Yep, the billionaires should be elated, you phony. Where have you been hiding?
this is the last time my tax rate will be this low - you've already budgeted steady increases. Do you think American's are idiots?
Yeah y’all are so happy to be sticking the screws to middle America once again. Did you know 85% of us will be paying MORE taxes while you rich feks count your billions?
Mitch, you have been quiet as a mouse on the whole Trump/Stormy/ Cohen issue.  What’s the matter?  A pussycat got your tongue?
So great to see all the farmers are willing to take one for the team, thank goodness we got that awesome $98 month tax cut
A tax code that showers riches on the rich & blows a big hole in the deficit, which no longer counts when there is a Publican pig in the Whit House. Thanks for nothing.
Then all you crooks start getting your kickbacks!!!!!!

GRATE JOB. GOOD YOU CHANGED THE RULES ON VOTING. SO NOW GET RID OF THE FILLIBUSTER ON OTHER LEGISTATION SO YOU CAN GET SOMTHING DONE
NOTHING TO SEE HERE . . .
Michael Cohen is the Finance Chairman for the Republican National Convention.

He was just raided today for potential bank fraud and campaign finance violations. 

The RNC deleted Cohen from their website TONIGHT. Little cover-up?
McConnell says "We will have corrupted appointed no matter what"
Hey frog face, you would be giving interviews every day if #GreatObama was the President, with 0.01% of the current issues Trump is in. 

I think that you are going to be proven wrong.  And since you do nothing to reign this ignorant, incompetent, and emotionally unstable president, you will also be outdated.
Make the changes permanent and do your job already
That’s really what you have to say unreal get this asshole  out grow a pair he is a disgrace to our country
Your tax reform plan sucks, benefits the rich and companys, little for middle class, but you know this, knew it then, know it now! See you in november, hows the nra treaten you, good i bet, NOVEMBER!
@SpeakerRyan  @HouseGOP  @SenateGOP  @NancyPelosi  @SenatorSchumer  Hey Smiley, you gave away 1+ trillion $$ of t/p money to big GOP donors, Corp stock buybacks & Senate vote buying schemes!
Said the CRIMINAL 

Show your kickbacks CRIMINAL 

Evil turtle



When are you going to be on your way out Mitch, you no good sell out. Get rid of the filibuster rule it stop screwing the Republican Party @Jim_Jordan @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @MariaBartiromo @FrantzRadio @marklevinshow
McConnell says "A corrupted administration is a must"

Sir are you serious do you really think that weird the people are that stupid no matter how much propaganda to you and your team and your group of cronies try to spread we will know the truth
Keep trying,  not buying
What is Mitch doing to protect Mueller?. I watched Trumps 8 minute tirade today, and Trump is nuts. Mueller needs to be protected.
Your tax reform sucks and so do you.
Oh, look at the old ugly turtle.
Disgrace
You and @SpeakerRyan are unstable dangerous @realDonaldTrump complicit puppets! Its about time you'll stand up to him COWARDS! You must invoke 25th Amendment NOW! You will be voted out! @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi do whatever you can to kick out criminal Trump from office!
You watching unstable Trump ranting, going after U.S Law and Order, Constitution behaving as GUILTY, and you're SILENT? Shame on you! ALL those he attacking are REPUBLICANS!
That’s not the only outdated thing in Washington that’s on its way out.

Analysis: The FBI raids on Trump’s attorney are bad news for Trump https://politi.co/2IG7Aui  via @POLITICOMag 
And u and a bunch of rich asses will get richer and the rest of us will get poorer. U r an embarrassment and a worthless POS. This whole tax BS is nothing but  a joke and you know it. AMERICANS ARE NOT HAPPY AND DO NOT WANT THIS BS. GET A CLUE TURTLE!
Old retire.

Republicans have repeatedly resisted any legislative efforts to protect Mueller, insisting Trump would never fire Mueller.

He just said he’s considering firing Mueller…
You are a complicit-piece-of-shit!! 
When are you going to call on Trump to resign? Or are you going to show integrity and impeach him.
Mitch where are you - this special counsel has to stop - it is a witch hunt and as my Ky senator you must get rid of mueller and his cronies
Great now do your job and in act the Trump agenda

Grow natl debt w/tax cuts 4the rich, start a trade war & watch the markets tank!
Where are the outraged TeaPartyers?
The Aggrieved Fiscal Conservatives?
The Balance-The-Budget-Or-Die ppl?
Rand Paul? Ron Paul? 
Peter Paul & Mary? 
Were they just pretending 2care about the debt?
You can use that rhetoric in your re-election campaign but am betting, it carries no weight with a lot of Republican voters in Kentucky.
you'd Ryan need to grow a pair and support our president or get out of the way! #establishmentGOPsucks
You are not a Christian Conservative. You are a liberal swamp creature.


Are you going to protect Meuller now??
Your Tax Reform (AKA Tax Scam) is causing trillion dollar deficits courtesy of the Republican Party.  Bye-Bye, you’re done.
How many trillion is our new deficit?  U lackless backbone POS
