Can you sneak the repeal of Obamacare in that bill?
Get rid of the 60 vote rule!
You’ll always find a partisan position.

#partymanMitch
What are you doing to stop trump from ruining the party, firing those who investagate him is not sound judgement at all. Why arent you doing something to stop this? A federal judge republican,approved this, mueller is republican, how self destructive is this party!

There is no indication that Trump will fire Mueller except:

1. That time he ordered the White House counsel to fire Mueller…
What happened to ambassador to Germany Richard g?
Yeah, you NEVER did anything to hold up President Obama's nominees, did you?
Isn’t this EXACTLY what you did to Obama’s picks? 
Allow the vote to protect Mueller. Unless, of course, Vlad told you not to. I mean, who cares about the Constitution, our democracy, or rule of law anyway. You?
CHANGE THE RULE .. the Constitution is BIGGER .. 100% than you Senators !! 
Ask your boy Chuckie
Need to be investigated for covered up Russian COLLUSION
You mean as ez as when Obama was denied his right to appoint Merrick Garland? Your voters might be blind to your hypocrisy. The rest of us are not. It’s payback time little Mitch. I support Democrats using every trick in the book to refuse any conservative judge, whomever.

Make sure you publish a list of Senators who invoke cloture - Each and every one and how many times. #SenateRace2018
you are a cowering fraud.  you never had our President s back.
people will remember....pos
Trump interrupted the meeting with military & national security advisers on crisis in Syria to rant about Russian investigation. When will GOP pass laws to protect Mueller so the investigation continues if impulsive Trump wakes up one morning and tweets that Mueller is fired?
Merrick Garland!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey Mitch. Remember Merrick Garland. I do. I’ll never forget.
Y’all sure lost the Garland fight lmao. Now we have another qualified candidate on the Supreme Court.
So you agree with me that the Senate is all good to stall all nominations, because we shouldn’t do anything until after the next presidential election. That was McTurtles reasoning.
No if I were in charge I’d push the nomination through by doing what the dems did in 2008 and go nuclear.
BS congress must Impeach and indict DOJ Rosenstien and FBI Director Wray. They are blowing you weak knees punks off. You are weak.
Leader McConnell - that in and by itself is a joke - u can’t have it both ways - Garland ring a bell?  And take the marbles out of ur mouth when u speak!
How many of these judges are incompetent and should never be appointed? America knows you obstructed Obama from filling these positions. You should be expelled from Congress for failing to work for the people of the U.S.
This only proves republicans are held accountable for their actions while democrats get a free pass. 
Oh Ya? Hows ur healthcare doing? Money? Lotsa $$$ coming yer way is there? Everything this clown has done has affected u in great ways i take it?
There is this thing about the Founding Fathers that you omit as you rewrite the rules of the Senate. You are supposed to deliberate on the motion; not just hit the "cloture" mark.
@SenateMajLdr About time don't you think? After all its only been a year and a half!!! 11/2016 What is POUS working with 30% of his cabinet?? #RepublicansWithoutBalls or SWAMPRAT? Redeem yourself and get it done!
DO IT!
1 out of 600! Don't spend too much time patting yourself on the back.
Changes the procedure get them all filled!
You're really one to talk about obstruction.  Need I remind you of Merrick Garland?  Funny how you GOPers are quick to blame Dems for obstruction and delays when you bragged about doing it when Obama was in the Oval.
After your unethical blocking of the Garland nomination, I hope democrats block and delay every nominee.
Yeah McConnell you just keep giving the Senate to the Democrats buoy are a spineless creature
Turning into a Boom town for judges!
It's easier when the candidate is qualified and not a criminal. Whine at the @POTUS if you have to stay late.

If you want to watch some #ProfilesinCowardice, watch GOP leaders tomorrow ducking the Mueller question.
Retire
Stay with the nuclear option or Dems will slam the door shut every chance they get. We are at war. Keep the big guns in play. @POTUS
It was due to your INCOMPETENCE & FAILURE as a SO-CALLED LEADER...YOU  ALLOWED Dems to STONEWALL and DID NOTHING!!!! Your sickening as well as a SWAMP DWELLING RINO POS! YOUR lack of support for this president is VERY DISTURBING & you should step down as Maj Leader!
As the world is distracted by @POTUS  BS @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan continue to destroy America for the Koch Brothers
If the past is any indication of how the Senate works these days. A week from today, the Senate will take another break from session and nothing will still get done. By the way, you were warned that Muller would jump from the reservation and he has. Constitutional Rights anyone?
That’s a productive year for this incompetent congress.
Think Merrick Garland and the many, many federal bench openings left unfilled for 8 years. That's how you think things should be done. Total hypocrite and racist bigot.
You actually know what bipartisan means?
Are you kidding?
Do you seriously think this is going to be a “normal” week, even for the Trump administration? 
Just, go turn on a TV, or pick up a newspaper, or look at Trump’s twitter feed... anything to help you get some sense of what the hell is going on right now.
Keep letting Schumer run all over you....It's embarrassing.
You are gone along with those EXTREME RIGHT WING views you use to influence legislation. Party before dignity and honor.
Hey Yurtle, look out the window, republicans are fleeing the sinking ship....you should too

If Trump fires Mueller, we'll pour into the streets. 

#Resist #KingTinyHands #TrumpMustGo 
McConnell, they may have voted support but is the candidate actually worthy of the position? Look what you did with Pruitt, Zinke, DeVos and Carson. Those were HUGE mistakes!
There are still 61 @POTUS Nominees pending confirmation. How in the hell do you expect him to get the job done? Get busy doing your damned job. Support @realDonaldTrump or get OUT!!!!!?
FIRE MUELLER
What's wrong with you? Kiss and slap is a childish game. We expect it from T.Rump but the rest of you are supposed to be adults.
Well, I’m done with the Republican Party. I have voted Republican since Jimmy Carter, he was really really a bad President. Worse than Obama. But guess what, no more Republican votes from me ever again. Who’s with me ?
Nobody lol

When you're attacking FBI agents because you're under criminal investigation, you're losing https://twitter.com/politicalwire/status/794255050243801090 …
Who cares why do we still have Obamacare you are an inept moronic individual you know that?
Quit bitching. You personally have held up Supreme Court nominees, asshole.
A coup is in progress and you are ignoring it!
Get these appointees in office!!!!
US want the nuclear option on you and you out now!  You are forever branded a Trump property.  Welcome to your legacy.
So get off your dead butt and change rules. Guarantee left will when in office, so do us a favor and do it now, or get out of the way!
Shouldn't you be concentrating on protecting Rob Rosenstein & Robert Mueller from Trump & his childish rants. You & Paul Ryan need to step up & do your part to protect American Democracy in our country.
You better work faster we're losing the house and possibly the senate in november
19 of Trump's very fine people have been charged with crimes. 5 have plead guilty. 1 has been sentenced to jail. Trump's lawyer raided by the FBI & Trump U settled lawsuits for $25M yesterday. No doubt your time will come soon.
Merrick Garland
Any comment from you about little trump's growing problems? The FBI raided Cohen's office and gathered files related to the Stormy Daniels payoff. And she is continuing to push for legal action against him. Syria, NK, Iran, Iraq, Russia and China are making him look like a fool.
Hey mcCON, how much of this RU to NRA $100 MILLN or so did you take?
NRA is steady shittin on you liberals daily.
Always spinning a positive into a negative. Time for Kentucky voters to replace you.
Hey nazi your gone next election along with your slim majority! Nazi racist fascist belong in jail and in a society of the people!
Why does it always look like you force a smile? #TurdleTurtle
#McAsshole

You wrote the book on obstruction.


With you, Senator Senile, no process can be trusted, what with your stonewalling of justices and reneging on DACA promises. Your days are numbered.


Claria Horn Boom? Interesting name.
You still refuse to return majority to the people. You still are in bed with Schumer and partisan obstruction. What a sad tune for America where partisan party obstruction stops all legislation and puts party over will of people. You are part of the problem and you can fix  why ?
Change the nomination rules!
You don't support Trump nor his agenda!  You side with the Dems and don't care if this country is flooded with illegals who cost this country billions of $ every yr. You need to retire! Vets are homeless and illegals get housing!!
I want you to help POTUS I want you to have his back believe in him or you are not going to have the support to need to win please
Complicit POS
U better get these people thru WE the PeOPle are sick of Ur anti President Trumps agenda that is OUR agenda... WHO GIVES A shit what the demonrats thing BIPARTISAN has always screwed us over STOP with these little games and U better get this going.
Nobody believes you have ANYTHING to be proud of so stop patting yourself on the back.  You are a RINO and we are planning to get rid of you !
Honestly all appointments and noms need to stop until the criminal investigation of the president is concluded.
Hurry up and pass the Sec. of State appointment.
That’s it Mitch. Keep letting them stall. How about keeping in session until it’s done. Bet it won’t take 12 hours. So please cut the crap and get it done.

McConnell, what you are talking about is important. But right now it's time our elected Republicans circle the wagons around our president and fight for what's right. You know this Mueller probe has gone too far and has become a part of the resistance. Part of the insurance plan?
Whiny little Mitch.
So sick of you. You cannot be trusted! You're a sellout to the American people!!!!

Senator, please support bipartisan legislation to protect Robert Mueller, his investigation, and our democracy. Thank you.
DO THIS NOW AND MAYBE AMERICA WILL LET YOU KEEP YOUR JOB. REFUSE TO DO IT AND I GUARANTEE AMERICA WILL WORK TO THROW YOU OUT. @POTUS #GOP #MAGA

You seriously need to get the nut job out of the White House.
@SenateMajLdr Then get your bipartisan butt busy defending #POTUS against an Out-of-Control Judiciary & #DeepState FBI/DOJ.
Too much to ask!
The Uni party now... : (


you weren't so bipartisan during the previous administration.  hypocrite.
Sen. McConnell, here's footage of nanoterrorism. I'm not going to keep this a secret.
Sir, thats great, but how many are waiting in the pipeline. Has our Ambassador to Germany been confirmed yet? Please keep pushing the pace. The Democrats are trying to stall thinking they may have a shot in midterms to obstruct even more.
They voted that way because she is not on the right. Senator, confirm nominees who are politically on the far right. Save this country from communism.
Enjoy the ride your President is about to be taken down! Your corrupt party and administration will feel to the law if this land. Blind lady justice is about to wield her sword against your President!
Today's Word: KARMA!
Grow a spine and ban assault rifles.
Spare us the Self-Congratulation! Cloture WOULDN'T be "necessary" if Mitch would get rid of this Rule rather than continuing to cling to it for purposes of his OWN PERSONAL POWER!  Mitch lets Schumer keep Deep State running Govt. and Courts  because Mitch cares only about Mitch!
You could work for Russia. They have pretend democracies too.
When will you and Speaker Ryan grow some B..ls and get ALL the Republicans on board the Trump train!! RINO!
I suggest you get on board with President Trump and pass the bill for the wall or your seat is up for grabs
THIS is what you’re talking about today??? Do your freaking job and LEAD, pal!

Yeah, tweet when you are at 100% approvals of hundreds of nominees after 16 months & pass a mini-Omnibus for the Wall $25B funding & $10B for decades of Border Agents, freeze Immigration, eliminate chain migration & the Visa Lottery. @ReluctantUser2 @seanhannity @AnnCoulter
Yeah, that Merrick Garland bipartisanship taught us a whole lot.  #DITCHMITCH

Good nominees
And you and your GOP buddies continue to ignore the ridiculous behavior of @realDonaldTrump - was selling your soul worth it?
McConnell doesn't support Donald Trump...thats the problem with him.
Omnibus had bipartisan support too and look how that was shoved up our asses, with all due respect (same amount you give Americans).
Great now NOW go do your job & start Impechment Proceeding on that bastard in the White House. Stop running away & start doing what you are there to do. Protect Americans from the Crimiinal at the Top unless you are part and parcel of this mess then get the hell out while you can
Go to hell
Hey Mitch...stop resisting our President!! To friggin obvious....son of a Mitch!!
All of you are so corrupt it sickens our entire family how your wasting our hard earned money and in bed with lobbyists! It should be law that no entity should be allowed to approach & sway any lawmakers to voting on their agendas
After 6 YEARS of being proud and bragging about blocking Obama.
Refusing to seat Merrick Garland

I hope you are blocked everywhere, 
especially after November 2018

Pay back will be hell

NEVER TRUST GOP

#VoteThemOut2018 
#VoteGOPOut 
#VoteBlue20182020
But then you have idiots like Pruitt, DeVos and Perry get voted in. 

Stupid Turtle 
What are your thoughts on the Cohen raid?
What are your thoughts on the dble std? You need to watch the documentaries “Scandalous” and “Benghazi” - maybe YouTube will have saved videos somewhere of Ambassador Stevens getting tortured you can watch- then watch Benghazi to hear the real story from the men who were there
That's only one nominee McConnell.

Open Senate 24/7 to cut into the back log. 

Working 3 days a week is soft, lazy and unacceptable. 

Work week-ends. 

Act like you care. 

@SenateGOP @ChuckGrassley @SenJoniErnst
It really should be "Follower" McConnell doncha think.
The king of obstruction has spoken
Crawl back in to your shell until you are ready to impeach the illegitimate president that you worship.
Productive week, yep, for Mr. Mueller anyway.
Ok, Senator I Blocked Garland. Your comment is laughable!!!
Thank you sir for all you keep doing. You, the President, and all other republicans need to keep you head down and keep pushing through all of the lefts bull crap. Thank you sir!!#MAGA
@realDonaldTrump I WILL NOT BE VOTING UNTIL JUSTICE IS SERVED
https://twitter.com/vbakree/status/983522667558047744 …
@TomFitton LOOKS LIKE I WILL BE HAVING 1:1
Gun regs
Protect Mueller now do your job protect our rule of law and uphold your oath to the constitution.
Mueller needs to be fired. He was hired on a hoax developed by HRC & Dems. Obama said it himself in his books. “If a Republican gets elected they want a scandal”. Well, if there is nothing - develop something.
Break the logjam @SenateMajLdr McConnell, and #ApproveTheJudges  Enough playing touch football with an opposition that is tackling fiercely, as @hughhewitt notes in WaPo this week.
Resign criminal
Too little. Too late.

What about impeaching felon Trump?  Or, protection from Russia.?
Hey there ol' number 19. Have you told her to shut up yet or do you reserve that only for Senator Warren and other women you wish to silence
Mitch......Calm your leader down....
Lets remember your bipartisan comments when trump fires special counsel and you protect trump for the sake of the gop.

Earth to McConnell - any comment on the mess Trump is making of our country??
Your party is so screwed.
@SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP  @SenateGOP  @NancyPelosi  @SenatorSchumer Before you start bragging or throwing stones, take a look at the last two years of nomination support results starting with Gorsuch! The rubber stamp approach by McConnell/Grassley has been a disaster!
November 2018- BLUE WAVE
Where's your bi-partisan support for DACA Dreamers??  What about protecting Mueller from being fired by corrupt @Potus??  What about bi-partisan support for protecting our democracy??? #Hypocrite #BlueWave2018
DACA is dead thanks to Schumer, as for Muller the moment Rosenstein goes so goes Muller , and as of now Rosenstein is skating in thin ice. 
What's your favorite Kool-Aid flavor??
Jack Daniels 
Have you had any dealings with Attorney Cohn?
Do your job!
Remember Merrick Garland?  You have forfeited your right to complain about stalling tactics.
Mitchey McConnell is a pathetic excuse for a human being.
The only issue the @GOP has with food stamps is that no single person has an opportunity to make money off these poor, needy people. By creating food box deliveries a private contract can be awarded to a @GOP donor/supporter. And they'll earn a profit off hardship. #Resist
Sorry, ANYTHING the Putin controlled GOP supports must be thoroughly vetted before approval.
I worry about any candidate getting overwhelming bipartisan support. Bipartisan means democrat!
Your obstructionism during the previous administration wasn’t necessary, was it, you old Mitchocrite?
Don’t think we’ve forgotten.
Leader? You and Ryan need to get behind our President and fight. Not just sit there like some neutered dogs.
