Unlike you, she loved our country. You've earned the scorn of Americans for abetting the criminal Don in destroying the integrity, functionality, & legality of our gov & country. Constitution & democracy just can't compete with CASH for YOU & YOUR WIFE. History will NOT be kind.
I agree. Get off your rear end, start inspiring your base. You should be ticked off about FBI emails & cover ups. we need a party leader. I don’t think you’ve got that fighter instinct. You’re special interests need be ignored. Please the people. They have spoken. Start listening
#Barbara_Bush expressed her disapproval for Trump by saying she didn't see how any woman could vote for him. She'd be appalled by yr cowardice to not #ProtectMueller by letting #SB1735 come up for a vote. Thank goodness @ChuckGrassley isn't backing down. #CountryOverParty
#ProtectRosenstein #ProtectMueller #ComplicitGOP #McConnell_IsOwned

Barbara Bush was disappointing at what the @GOP party had become.  History will remember you and your party harshly.  My advice to you is just retire and stop protecting traitors.
You could learn a thing or two about compassion, diversity and love of mankind from her Mitch......

She was smart and ethical enough to speak out against the POS in the White House that you are running cover for and to put #CountryOverParty #ProtectRosenstein #ProtectMueller #McConnellMustResign
This is the piece of crap that you and your party are protecting??
Barbara Bush despised feckless cowards and toadies. She would have despised you how are putting party over country.
She def had more balls than you:Your job isn’t to represent your wife’s or her boss’s best interest,you’re there to represent #WeThePeople , protect&defend the constitution/put #CountryOverParty If your conflicts of interest prevent you from doing any of the above,you must resign
Hey trumpian Mitch, Why don't you CARE about our country? That whole Russian-linked money going into GOP campaigns is going to come out anyway. Your part in abetting corruption WILL too & you will be SHAMED for all history. Your descendants will feel SHAME for YOUR failure!
Curious...Did you EVER have any HONOR or INTEGRITY or real love of country? Did your crime-abetting behavior start when a black man dared be elected President? Asking for the MAJORITY of Americans who despise you & the lawlessness you look away from! #McConnellGOPTraitor
She hated you and called you a turtle
#Traitor it is obvious
Literacy.  What cause do you support for disadvantaged people?
If only we could know what First Lady Barbara Bush really thought about you.  Perhaps, someday her family will share that with us.  I know she was very fond of the Truth.
Crawl back under your rock. You are an embarrassment to this country and certainly no leader of anything. #BlueTsunami2018
Vote on the bill to protect Mueller you twat.
Follow her example: Country before Party! #ProtectMueller #SaveAmericatheBeautiful
Barbara Bush has more integrity and moral principles than you could ever hope to have!
Sen. McConnell, You are bought and paid for by the Russians.  Mrs. Bush would not approve.  Please get out of our government and do your dirty work somewhere else.
maybe you could try following in her footsteps instead of trying to dismantle the country she loved........
OUR GRIEF IS ABOUT YOUR WEAKNESS IN PREVENTING THE BIPARTISAN BILL TO PROTECT MUELLER ONTO THE SENATE FLOOR.  Barbara was a class act with a good life. Not something that will ever be said about you.
She had wayyy more BACK BONE and the other B word than a weak dud like you will ever have or grow.... go HOME CLOWN !!

Trump's playing golf.
I remember Ralph Stanley, the grandfather of bluegrass. He did NOT kill half a million people to privatize oil for personal profit.
And when you say country, are you referring to the US or your sponsors in Russia?
She thought you were a jerk
I wish we had a decent family in the WH now. The days of morality and values are over. “Thank you” to the Bush family for their example of values, truth, and leadership.   I long for the days we used to be in this country.
She did not like Trump. I doubt she would like how you are behaving. Protect Mueller.
She had qualities you only wish you had. You are just an empty barrel McCONnell.
I think she was probably sickened by the sight of you and yours.
She was an awesome woman and a reminder that there used to be Republicans with honor and integrity.
The Bush family can't stand you crooks!
Traitor

Human turkey (Neck)
You are not worthy to tweet her name, you freakin' Trump Toady.
You're a disgrace. I'm sure Barbara Bush was appalled by you. History will not be kind to you.
Barbara Bush was a great First Lady
Do something NOW to protect Special Counsel Robert Mueller. If you care about America & the rule of law, you will do that. Right now, you are showing that you support Trump's lawlessness & corruptness. You are complicit. You are a disgrace to America.
.
Wouldn't it be great if the Trump family were the same?? YOU DO NOT CARE that Trump habitually lies, demeans & humiliates others. YOU DO NOT CARE that he's destroying this country day by day & bit by bit.
U r a piece of shit if u don't protect Mueller who is trying to protect us & out country. Tired of u old people in office putting party over country. Some where along the way the Rs have changed  & for the worst. #protectmueller. You will be losing your position @ election time.
Barbara Bush had mor spine, character and integrity in her little toe than you will ever have.  And I didn’t think highly if her to begin with.  You are an utter disgrace in EVERY metric of decency, sir.  Your party and anything redeeming was gutted on your watch.
PROTECT MUELLER!
She didn’t much care for your dark master. OK, orange master.

Party over country- always true for Mitch
Same old shit Mich prayers and thoughts what a hypetcrit
If we had it our way the former first lady would still be alive and you, turtle head, would be taking the dirt nap! YOU NEED TO GO!!!
You are a dinosaur and must go.  Class "A" obstructionist.  #GOPComplicit #TrumpCrimeFamily
Traitor
As a public servant, it's your duty to follow the will of the people. The people call for protection for the special counsel. You have no legitimate reason to not allow this vote. History will remember. #protectmueller #ditchmitch

Mitch McConnell says he won’t even allow a bill to be voted on, to protect Special Counsel Robert Mueller.  He is silencing the voice of every other U.S. Senator.…
Barbara Bush couldn’t stand the traitor you are protecting.   Let the vote go to the floor.
Trying to be a good guy, all the while allowing our democracy to flounder because of your inaction, is so hypocritical. You know mrs. Bush did not approve of your cowardness to stand up for America!
Barbara Bush would be no fan of your complicity in covering for the disgusting creature currently occupying the White House. You need to resign since you are incapable of doing your job.
Bring the Mueller protection to a vote.
Who did you take an oath to represent in your job sir? If you ingore the people now and we will hold your feet to the fire later. None of you enablers are safe from us the people.
You just revealed yourself to be one Trump's croonies. You are helping destroy your party but most importantly our country. Your basically giving 45 power of a dictator with no checks and balances!
McConnell Treasonweasel
Protect Muller like most of Congress wants.
Have the vote!!!!!!!!!! 
#ProtectMueller
You are despicable!
Trump through Nikki under the bus when he stopped the sanctions against Russia the other day after receiving a phone call from Putin. This proves that he is doing Putin's bidding, and putting America last!
Because you're a spineless Trump kiss-ass!
doing this crap but you can't buy the american people off with your tax scam.. 2018 is gonna be your fault when there is no more repukes in congress.
Along with the Russian mobsters.
You have chosen to protect evil acts, and a evil man who is in bed with Russia, along with Wilbur Ross, and many others in your Party who are heavily invested into Trump properties.
gowdy and his crew is demanding roseinstien to turn over comeys notes knowing he can't do that its an ongoing investigation. give the traitor  a reason to fire him . your refusal to bring a bill to protect them is protecting the russians instead . i don't know why you guys are
Americans eagerly await the Midterms to kick your Party out of power. I have spoken to many Millennial's about the Midterms, and they cannot wait to vote Democratically!
The disgust went your way is beyond the scope of your imagination!
TRAITOR!!
The decision that you made to block legislation to protect Mueller and America will haunt your Party!

Your soul is damned!
You have chosen to walk with Evil!
Your reign over the Republican Party is coming to an abrupt end in November, and your Party is going to pay dearly for your actions, and the actions of Donald Trump!
She passed being sickened of what you have done to your POS party. You’re a vile disgrace as much as Scump.  Resign 
Barbara Bush had integrity which you lack. You are a national embarrassment. I guess you are protecting your wife’s cabinet position. History will NOT be kind to you.

You are the absolute worst...please do America a favor & stop hiding behind the death of a REAL FLOTUS (Barbara Bush)...your agenda is ridiculously transparent...you’re no conservative...you’re just against anything the 1st AA POTUS stood for. You wanna be a racist? Own it
... all except Trump
You are a terrible disappointment to the American people
@McConnellPress We @MAGA and @GOP appreciate the kind words on the one year anniversary of Mrs Bush death. @realDonaldTrump
Barbara Bush would be so disappointed in our current GOP
We demand a vote on protecting Mueller! You are protecting Putin, Trump & your wife's cabinet seat.  Time for you to be indicted! #TraitorMcConnell
A nation wishes she was still with us and that you had died.
She was decent. You are not. She was loved. You are hated. Too bad you Republicans can’t learn from her.
she would be appalled at your support of #Trump
Barbara Bush hated toadies and puppets. She hated what has happened to this country and was surely not a fan of yours.
Glad you didnt bring this arguably unconstitutional legislation to the floor for a vote! Its a one-sided impeachment quest that's veered way off course anyway! @RealJamesWoods @realDonaldTrump @gehrig38 @DonaldJTrumpJr @marklevinshow @StephenBaldwin7 @mitchellvii @DiamondandSilk


Nobody will miss @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell
Go over there , sit down and shut your trap. Your very presence is an affront to the memory of this great lady.
Wow that really came from a cold heart!  Not an ounce of sincerity.
A nice and respectable lady on most counts. But for me, her legacy is stating that the black people living on cots in the Astrodome after Katrina never had such good living conditions.
Don't say any words in her honor and stop protecting trump...haven't you done enough damage?
First Lady Bush was a patriot,may God bless her soul. 
Mitch,it’s too bad I can’t say the same about u & I’m positive she can see exactly what kind of turtle u are.
She was courageous & smart enough to speak truth to power w respect to Trump. I'm sure she'd mention the conflict of interest in your wife serving in the cabinet while you serve as Maj Ldr. You're unfit to serve w this conflict & appear unable to maintain a co-equal branch f gov.
Keep your forked tongue away from her memory. POS.
She believed in our democracy - unlike you. Protect the RULE OF LAW
Protect the muller investigation. Stop blocking it in the senate. You have done enough damage
May Barbara Rest In Peace. May you not.
I wonder what she thinks of you.
That's nice. Now you go ahead with your Republican Comrades and try to demonize Rosenstein 

then watch as the #BlueWave comes crashing down on you
And you will not protect Mueller you are a pig
#DitchMitch
What the hell is going on? Who cares if Trump doesn't sign it. Republicans rule Congress. You only need the majority of votes. Do you your job. You work for us not the POTUS. #ProtectMueller
And as you hide behind this tweet, as you refuse to do what is right, and allow a vote to protect Mueller. You are putting your party, and your position over the good of nation, and making people wonder what you have hiding in your closet.
You shouldn’t get to comment on a woman with the integrity and respect you sorely lack - you are a fraud that accepts bribes from the likes of the @NRA - #Disgrace

You soil the memory of this great woman. You continually put your party above the country. You won't even allow a vote to protect the independent investigator. What is WRONG with you??
and why won't you protect mueller? if trump has nothing to hide, why won't you let the investigation go ahead unimpeded? and what do YOU have to hide? resign and take trump with you. term limits!!!!
When you go to prison, I'll do my happiest jig of all the happy jigs that have ever been jigged in the history of jigging.

Better retreat back into your shell, because your time is almost up, turtle man.
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOP FEELS THAT COMFORTING AMERICANS THAT ROSENSTEIN & MUELLER WILL BE PROTECTED IS NOT AT ALL IMPORTANT. MEANWHILE, 3 OF THEM DEMAND DOJ INTEL. FILTHY MOVE GOP AND WE WILL NEVER FORGET THIS. #ProtectRosenstein #ProtectRosenstein #ProtectRosenstein
She was also famously racist and tone-deaf with her post-Katrina comments. Perhaps a kindred spirit for your own benighted views?
You're a literal cancer on our society.
i can't wait until you're out. you're an old bastard that's past his prime. why are you protecting trump? what's he got on you?
#FuckYou
Compromised or unpatriotic.  Pick your poison - either way, will be judged in the history books.  https://www.cnn.com/2018/04/17/politics/mitch-mcconell-robert-mueller-donald-trump-senate/index.html …
Do your JOB. Protect the FBI Justice Department and especially Muller... NOW!!!
Here is McConnell’s phone number call and let him know what you think 502-582-6304! They never answer the DC phone to afraid!
I can't believe I'm saying this but you did a good job today Mitch 
What did he do?
you don't even have the right to talk about her. You're a POS.
Barbara Bush would be so disappointed! She was such a beautiful lady who loved her country!
My Father was  WWII vet and he would be so sad to see what's become of the Republican party. #SHAMEFUL
#TreasonTurtle  One of the most inept and dangerous partisan hacks the world will ever know.
She spewed racist hatred as well but that suits u I guess #euthanasia
Traitor ! Taking  Russian BLOOD money
It is true America feels this loss for the Bush family. She was a great First Lady!
Protect Mueller and Rosenstein. Don’t be a traitor.
Too bad that you can’t be half the person she was. I saw you on the news saying you will not bring a bill to the floor to protect Mueller. We have a President who backed down from bringing sanctions against Russia again. Maybe the republicans are Russian.
Mitch you can rot in hell.
She likely despised you. Hush it.

Mitch McConnell's super PAC took $1 million in 2017 from Russian born billionaire who made a large portion of his money under Putin in Russia. He's taken $2.5 million in total from the same Russian. #DitchMitch …
This needs to happen! Stand for justice or stand for nothing!  Injustice happening here in your country! Take back authority!
.@replouiegohmert: "I have no problem with impeaching Rosenstein. He is a problem. He needs to step down." 
Mitch - You will be single-handedly responsible for the Blue Tsunami in November. Your cohort @SpeakerRyan is too scared to run.  He was going to lose to @IronStache 

You will lose both the Senate and the House. 

#BlueWave2018
For her, country came first. You could learn something from her legacy. Country first over party.  You will be remembered for betraying America.
Protect Mueller, senator.
Don't be a cowardly prick and let the bill be brought to the floor.
Agreed. Now #ProtectMueller
Americans demand the bill to protect the special counsel gets put to a floor vote. You work for us.  For now.
And she was disgusted at what the @GOP has become
Yeah and instead of electing her son the #GOP nominated #TraitorTrump
Turtles dont pray, but they do go to prison with their #PRCspy wife @SecElaineChao oh, and of course the drug running...that too, Turtle...u will both die in prison
You are not fit to speak her name. Your lack of spine and leadership are an embarrassment and you need to be removed.
Barbara Bush was a woman of high moral character. You could learn a lot from her. Unfortunately, you’ve sold your soul to Trump and have ignored your duty to The Constitution & rule of law.  Barbara Bush knew better.  So should you.
SOMETHING YOU HAVE NOT DONE!
