Pls keep senate & house in Washington until they confirm Trumps people, pls do ur job & get it done

Why?
Sure, why not, what with his. Vast experience running a museum and total lack of scientific or engineering background. I’d say him or that kid at Subway either one!
William Shatner is more qualified to run @NASA than this new guy. At least he has played a spaceship captain on TV. #Bridenstine
LOL!
Only the corrupt @GOP would think that confirming Jim Bridestine, who has NO qualifications for this position, would be a good idea.
#VoteThemAllOut Especially @SenateMajLdr who doesn't participate in democracy and CHEATS to maintain power!
Pretty sure that DemonRATS are the ONLY ones that CHEAT to stay in power.  Don't believe me, ask Bernie Sanders.  
All McConnell has to do to confirm all of the people the President wants in his cabinet is to make it only 51 votes to confirm, but I am not so sure about the Senator.
Get Pompeii on board. Go Nuclear!
You want to vote for a climate change denier? Someone to helm NASA without any scientific background/credentials? YOUR JOB is to ensure that the people running government agencies are QUALIFIED to do so.
Please tell us about bipartisanship.   
He has no science knowledge
Get someone qualified to run NASA. A climate change denying non scientist is not qualified to run NASA. But that's how u and BLOTUS do things. Find the most unqualified person and demand they be confirmed.
http://www.usdebtclock.org/current-rates.html …

Bigger fish to fry...no?
Not surprising it’s been 15 months, since Republicans don’t like science, or facts of any sort for that matter.
Let me guess. He hates space travel?
This problem falls in your lap Senator McConnell! You have seen for over a year Dems are obstructing appointments from being completed! You need to use the nuclear option & get these needed positions filled ASAP!

DO YOUR JOB GET RID OF FILIBUSTER OR STEP ASIDE SO SOMEONE CAN LEAD US SENATE OTHER THAN SCHUMER @SenateGOP  Time for new leader who will squash DemocRats #Resistance by getting rid of arcane filibuster rule Put @chuckschumer  on notice govern or we get rid of filibuster
That’s almost as long as Merrick Garland waited to Supreme Court confirmation.
Nope. Wasn’t there a Supreme Court nominee you obstructed. #MerrickGarland
What a disgraceful vote. Wouldn't it be nice to have someone with a science background and without a background of running a non-profit for personal benefit?
Hey-o, new congresional election in my district. Maybe I ought to run just for kicks.
Funny. The Supreme Court sat 1 man short for over a year and it didn't bother you in the least. #Hypocrite #MerrickGarland
Will be like appointing Mitch McConnell Senate Majority Leader, and look how well that has turned out.
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
 Get the f**k out of government. Go be a miserable excuse for a human somewhere else.
I know two four year olds who are significantly more qualified for this job. Way to do your due diligence. At what point does making us a laughingstock qualify as "Great Again?" Oh, right... it doesn't.
I just can’t!.
Bridenstine is NO Rocket Scientist!
Sure, why not confirm another completely unqualified nominee? You’re pathetic.
He is not a scientist and he will be making judgements about what scientists are telling him? It's like asking someone to be in charge of an operating room and they are not trained in Medicine! Makes NO SENSE, just politics.
The man has no knowledge of science.  Why do you keep wanting to vet these losers?  Don’t you have enough comrades?
Can’t wait for midterms - your senseless decisions will be extinguished
A totally unqualified candidate... As usual. You are incompetent.
We need #POTUS’ nominees like child molester #GOP Alabama senators—we don’t.

#partymanMitch
Yeah, not a scientist or a military officer but a fucking politician
How about a director that actually....understands science too?
Suspend the rules..."Go Nuclear" and get it done with a simple majority...Stop allowing the Democrats to obstruct the confirmation of President Trump's nominees!
Is this a joke I know more about running NASA then this guy. What the hell is going on with our government? Oh right trump is president yah that explains everything #NotMAGA #alerthedaycarstaff @RogueNASA

Trump has made poor choices.
Merrick Garland
Kill yourself
More winning?
I, on the other hand, would hope all Senators would know that putting someone like Bridenstine - or anyone the criminal Trump would want - in charge of NASA - or any department of the government - would be a corrupt and shameful thing to do, you disgusting traitorous weasel.
No. No. And no. We don’t need MORE anti science asses in this administration.
Why do you rubber stamp all of Trump's nominees? (Because you always treat Party over Country).  Nearly all pale in comparison to the credentials of the prior Obama nominee, though I guess the qualified people don't want the stain of working for Trump.
Climate denier #youareruiningourcountry
You need to stop the obstruction in getting all Trump’s people confirmed and letting them  get to work for the American people...Support Pompeo...Use your power to muscle them through, whatever it takes...We have the majority.
He doesn't believe in science and can't even run an air and space museum. So, the only other qualifications needed to be a modern GOP pick is ties to Russia or some sort of sexual misconduct.
I doubt it. Even regular people on the street can tell he's not qualified to run an organisation firmly rooted in science and reality.  Kick him back to the @POTUS desk for an appropriate replacement candidate.
Is he a scientist? An astrophysicist? Or just someone off the street who finally agreed to work under the trump admin?
HE HAS NO BACKROUND IN SCIENCE!!!! we want a @NASA administrator that actually knows what they are talking about and not some big business hack!
Please, just once... can the @GOP suggest someone that is remotely qualified and not a corporate shill, having an affair, a closet racists, an overt racist or just an ethics nightmare? Just once... this is getting old.
Wouldn’t it be just swell to have someone with actual background as a scientist rather than  a science denier? Asking for a friend.
Now how about replacing that acting president.
If he is confirmed, I hope he starts a new program sending turtles in the space. Starting with you.
Outter space zoo.
Look momma there's a trump a tang. And all his woman.
Tell me again why a science denier should be in charge of, what?  Science?
Another reason to vote the GOP out
Still a Trumputin sending sperm into space...great 15 months for all MAN-kinds, eh, Yertle???
What are his qualifications?
No sense of priority for the senate majority leader? Operating & managing based on whims&caprices??? What an insult to the American nation! Only the electoral college majority agenda matter...never the majority of voters’ agenda! Why???
A science denier in charge of our most ambitious science program? What could go wrong?
@SenateMajLdr Did you not tell the American people you all would be working through the last weekend to get @POTUS nominee's approved?  Why did this not happen? This is absolutely unacceptable. We deserve better than the job you all are giving us and so does our President.
Hopefully NOT!
Unqualified
What is WRONG with you??
Senate Confirms Climate Change Denier To Lead NASA: #2018Midterms  https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/jim-bridenstine-nasa-confirmation_us_5ad8aab7e4b03c426dac081c …
I know your not a smart man but NASA is an agency dedicated to science; being a pilot is not a qualification for running that agency anymore than me being an Engineer qualifies me to operate a locomotive.

This is because Republicans are allowing this! Change the number of votes to get our nominees approved!
NO. He has zero qualifications for that job. Kind of like you.
That to me sounds like an issue that does not need to be brought to the Senate floor...
And I hope the dems respond like you did to Obama on his Supreme Court nominee Garland. Where the hell do you get the nerve to hope all Senators join you in nominating Bridestein. You are a traitor to this country.
A NASA leader who doesn’t “believe” in science? You’re fucking kidding right?
VOTE PRO TRUMP CANDIDATES ONLY!
NO RINOS NO DEMS VOTE PRO TRUMP CANDIDATES ONLY!

Drain the swamp!

#Trump2020 #RedWaveRising #Trump #POTUS #BuildTheWall #NRA #RedWaveRising2018 #NorthKorea #KAG2020 #ThursdayThoughts #EarthDay #NationalHighFiveDay #Hannity #Tucker #Dobbs #tcot

Investigation finds that Jim Bridenstine, Trump’s pick to head NASA, led a small non-profit into big financial losses. Some of the losses involved the use of the non-profit’s resources to benefit a company Bridenstine co-owned and in which he’d invested. https://www.thedailybeast.com/how-trumps-nasa-nominee-used-a-nonprofit-he-ran-to-benefit-himself?via=twitter_page …
Tell me he at least knows how to make paper airplanes, which would make him more qualified than any of Trump’s other appointees.
Really?   Have you found anyone qualified for any post?
Get rid of the 60 vote requirement and go to a majority....The American people desire a fair and equal voting in the Senate. Right now it's a standing joke and IT'S HURTING AMERICA.
So you think putting more corruption in charge of another agency is a good idea? @SenateGOP & @SenateDems, VOTE NO on Jim Bridenstine! @EPAScottPruitt, @SecretaryCarson, @SecretaryZinke & @stevenmnuchin1 have already bilked Americans out of enough money!
He has no science background, and just another destroyer of an agency .  How could you

A science denier to oversee a scientific agency.  Typical GOP idiocy.  You're a horrible person @SenateMajLdr  I hope you reap all of what you've sown. Miserable old goat.
This guy nearly bankrupted the Museum he worked in for in Ok la by using the non-profit funds to pay for his private for profit projects! How is wasn't charged with embezzling or fraud is a huge misstep. Why is McConnell supporting ANOTHER CORRUPT actor to this administration?
Yes lets back the guy who doesn’t believe in science - brilliant idea #moron #relic #gottago
Go fv<k yourself.   #MerrickGarland
Eat shit, Turtle.
You are unfit to serve. Shame on you.
Can this President nominate anybody qualified for the position? You and the GOP prove everyday you are incapable of governing.
So hilarious. 15 months now let’s confirm nincompoop to manage NASA. Senate needs a new leader.
Another uniquely unqualified nominee from the @GOP shit show. Counting the days until you are all gone and/or behind bars.
"Leader" McConnell is a joke

#TreasonTurtle
And the brain drain at NASA will start in 3...2...1.
Merrick Garland was actually experienced and qualified
Do you people even care about experience or expertise? What makes this guy even remotely qualified?
Why? He’s anti science.
awful. just awful.
This guy? https://amp.thedailybeast.com/how-trumps-nasa-nominee-used-a-nonprofit-he-ran-to-benefit-himself …
And why don’t you put the Acting Administrator as the permanent head. Are the people at NASA not good enough to be promoted.? Why a Trump lackey?
And what about that Supreme Court opening you left open for over a year, bonzo?
Why? He's unqualified and corrupt.
You haven't done anything except kiss the ass of @realDonaldTrump and his wholly unqualified cabinet. History will not be kind to you, senator.
Election’s coming up. I think we should wait for next Congress and next president, “Mitch”.
In what way is he qualified to be administrator of @NASA? Name a single qualification. This is ridic
Isn’t that the guy with zero scientific background? #idiocy
Another ethics criminal to lead our brightest? 
Hey Mitch... F*CK YOU and every one of your complicit, corrupt Republicans who are hell-bent on destroying our country. 
#CabinetofCorruption #CorruptGOP
I don’t have any political experience, or leadership experience at a national level. But, can I be Senate Majority Leader? If my party nominates me, clearly I should be confirmed. Makes as much sense as Jimbo leading NASA.
This is a poor nomination—he has no scientific training or experience. You are not supposed to blindly and foolishly confirm everyone nominated. Do your job and Vet the candidates.
#GOPTaxCutScamForTheRich
#NRABloodMOney
#NeverForget #NeverForgotten #VoteBlue #GOPTraitors
#VoteThemOut2018 we will never forget nor forgive..#Traitors
America and NASA deserve better.
Why not someone actually qualified for the position?  Don't have anyone like that in the dwindling ranks of folks willing to work for Don the Con?  And push a return-to-the-dark-ages agenda?
You're not the anti-Christ. Just a sign of the End Times- one of the four Horsemen? Your not that special. You're just a Beast from Hell. No one important too you're Evil Lord. Our Lord will show good perseveres over YOUR EVIL!
#ProtectMueller!
Another unqualified nominee with NO experience in space, aeronautics, engineering.  He's just a career politician nominated as a political favor for support of @realDonaldTrump.  If nominated, @NASA will never fulfill it's full potential, mission, or greatness.
You can f right off.
why are you doing this turtle man
The guy with no science background? Screw you, McConnell. You are a stain on America.

He is NOT a scientist
No.  NASA deserves better than an absolutely  unqualified science denier for such a prestigious position.
Sir, you are a bad American.

Bug off McConnell. Hope you get indicted.
Call the vote over the weekend
/2 So what will U do when trump erupts & fires them.U aren’t paying attention to the fact that the Majority of Americans want this investigation to reach its natural conclusion. That may take another year or so. Watergate lasted several yrs.U are tacitly agreeing that trump is OK
NO! Anti-science fuckheads SHOULD NOT be in charge of agencies which rely on science. You are the freaking governmental anti-christ. Everything you do is the worst thing possible for the USA.
Of course.  Why not. Another GOP crook with zero science qualifications other than being under investigation for re-directing funds from the Oklahoma Air & Space Museum to benefit himself.
Shame on U for failing to protect Rosenstein & Mueller. U say there is no reason “bc you don’t think the president would do it” U are wrong on so many levels. Ur wrong to trust a pathological liar & avowed flip-flopper. U have a serious low approval rating, & U will pay for this.
Because 'republican' is the new 'incompetent'?
It’s a lesson on when you have a very narrow majority. 

Jerk. Protect Mr. Mueller.
Piss off !
Does he believe climate change is a hoax?
The Whitehouse has been led by an acting administrator for a record 15 months, so I hope all Senators will join me in voting to confirm Sumkunt today...
SHUT UP OLD MAN
After all the shit you, Ryan, and Trump have pulled, the hippocrit GOP should not complain when the Democrat's take over the House, Senate, and later the Presidency!
How much did he pay you??
Better to having an acting administrator..than an administration led by an actor.
Mitch McConnell's ode to WHITE SUPREMACY
No
Retire

Germane to McConnell's refusal to bring the Mueller bill to the floor, let's rewind to an Aug '17 story in which we learned McConnell's PAC received $2.5M out of a total $7.35M given to GOP campaign PACs by a Ukraine-born oligarch directly linked to Oleg Deripaska and Putin. 1/2
@SenateDems 
Don’t allow a vote on anything until @SenateMajLdr allows vote on Special Counsel protection.
Don't smile Mitch it scares me.  Lying hypetcrit
Senator you are on the wrong side of history.  Bring the legislation to protect Meuller to the floor for discussion and debate.  It’s what Americans want—or are you simply a shill for corporate donors and the lowest-rated POTUS ever?  #ProtectMueller
Retire old man
I PRAY NOT!!!
He’s not qualified - and Trump wonders why his nominations don’t get approved!
Why not confirm a mannequin that looks like Trump, equally as ineffective.
NO!!!!
So you can continue to gut NASA? Most Americans hate your fucking guts, McConnell. You are one sorry sack of traitorous shit.
Hmmm even though there are financial concerns in his background?
Hard to get the nominees confirmed when you let the democrats adjourn already
Mueller’s firing will be in some way that you would have cursed Obama for, but because it’s Trump it’ll be okay. It’s fine because he doesn’t know enough about governing to know better. Or just shrug and say “Stupid is as stupid does.” and pretend Trump hasn’t destroyed the GOP
He's unqualified to run @NASA. History will not look kindly on republicans.
Why did you wait so long? 

Decuckify NASA. 

We demand full disclosure on Obama's "files on the aliens."   

End the filthy chemtrails and weather manipulation. 

WE WANT BLUE SKIES AND OUR SUN BACK, YOU CREEPS AND CRETINS.
Yes, let’s give the moon, the stars, a 12 billion dollar budget, and the search for other life forms to a climate denier that knows less about science than Mickey Mouse.
You further destroy your own credibility every time you support one of Trump's patently unqualified nominees. Bridenstine doesn't have a scientific or engineering degree or experience. You're a disgrace.
You are a SNAKE, Mr. McConnell.  Chances are that if you're FOR it, I'm AGAINST it.  What did Jim have 2 do to get YOUR support??  NOT trustworthy.
I hope Americans will join with me in calling our Senators to tell them NOT to confirm a wholly unqualified individual for such a critical role. We must call off this parade full of characters playing at parts & demand people with genuine, relevant expertise fill these positions.
Traitor #ProtectMuellerNow
I hope you will protect Mueller! You are just inviting a crisis. You clearly want him fired and even though you say the president won’t because you’ve been given assurances, he will and you will then turn a blind eye or justify it.
Just another in a long line of non-qualified "best" people Trump has put up. You should be ashamed but I don't think you are capable.
Gop has been led by two idiots who worked for themselves and thier do ors join me in 2018&2020 and vote thier hypocritical selfish rep out
Yes, you all the @GOP senators will vote for Bridenstine to “lead” NASA. An nominee who is a politician with zero technical training. Another “ringer” to cut certain people and put in Trump stooges! WTF is wrong with you @SenateGOP even considering such a choice?@RepJBridenstine

Put a scientist in the job.
How much of this RU $52 MILLN passed thru NRA did you take Mitch?
No, sorry, he's completely unqualified.

There is only one reason why the Senate Majority leader wouldn't want to protect Robert Mueller.

Hint:…
