Please pass the Great America Agenda we voted for! President Trump and his supporters have my full support 
Let's fire up and get lit with Mitch! Thanks for making pot legal, you rock dude! 

You are an enemy of the people of the USA. Your dang party is more important than truth and justice.   God will judge you!

annual deficits as a share of US economy:

Obama’s second term 
4.1%, 2.8%, 2.4%, 3.2%…
Isn't Trump aware that China can call in payment of Loans that China gave to the USA as retaliation to the trade war ?

#TaxScamBill
The Kentucky GOP just rammed through a bill that includes $80 million in corporate tax cuts, but taxes Kentuckians for car repairs and trips to the vet. Don't ever tell me again that the GOP is fighting for average Americans. http://bit.ly/2GrGomq 
Just build The Wall already...
McConnell nor Ryan not in favor of wall. So Americans and Trump will have to go it alone. I will not contribute to Republican Party until members (rep) support the presidents agenda
Aren't you the guy that Jeff Sessions doesn't like? No marijuana allowed. Pedophiles and prostitutes welcome.
I know that Paul and Mitch have been totally spineless during King Donald's reign of terror, but I'm a little concerned. These two monkeys have been just about invisible in recent weeks. Anybody see them? Anybody hear them????????
This is actually good. I will thank you. I still don’t like you and want you out of office.
Does this have anything to do with the Monsanto Bayer merger? #Soros #GMO

Kentucky lawmakers pass tax cuts for wealthy, tax hikes for other 95 percent https://wapo.st/2q8kb1M 

Since Amazon stock went up...kind of a stupid tweet.

Legalizing plants is a big deal. Teach students how to use plants like hemp to build houses, new pipes, bridges and how to use #hemp for fuel. Hemp is 10X stronger stronger than steel. Does Kentucky even have schools? Where can Kentucky children go to learn all about hemp?
Follow our blog. Learn about hemp and educate your children about it.  
This is a bunch of crap!! Move to something meaningful DACA
When are you going to do something about our open borders? You are NO HELP to our President!You should be replaced immediately-resign NOW or do your job!Nothing is getting done in the SENATE-YOUR FAULT!
You are fired by America
do any in Kentucky care at all that their GOP state legislature is passing laws to kill them, take away disability/worker comp money they deserve?
PROTECT OUR BORDERS STOP UPCOMING INVASION
    I, (name), do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States 
"AGAINST ALL ENEMIES FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC":  
that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this ...
Pot Luck
Shouldn't you be asking Beauregard what he thinks of this first, cracker?

Really?  You want to legalize hemp but you don't want to fund the border wall?
Hemp is the future.. #MAGA2018 #MAGA2020
How do you feel about POTUS attacking a highly successful business (Amazon?)

We are headed  towards a constitutional crisis. You will be judged for your part in this. So far your part has been inaction. Do your job and protect our Democracy.
What are you doing to ensure President Trump can’t pardon Manafort (facing multiple charges related to his business affairs in Ukraine) and Flynn (plead guilty to lying to the FBI)?   Protect our Democracy. Do your job.

This week's US infrastructure attacks:

* Atlanta city services paralyzed due to ransomware attack; deadline for ransom is today…
Thank you!
Still choosing party before country, Mitch?

"With our current sitting president being accused nearly two dozen women of sexual misconduct with no retribution, it’s surprising to see how little has changed in the last 20 years. But what about the last 250?" …
What are you doing about corruption in the White House? -
Huge https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/dc-maryland-may-proceed-with-lawsuit-alleging-trump-violated-emoluments-clause/2018/03/28/0514d816-32ae-11e8-8bdd-cdb33a5eef83_story.html …
Looks like GOP lied to voters ...... again.


You need to step down with Ryan.
GOP donors fret about Dem wave http://hill.cm/vdQnBfW  
But then you want to SUBSIDIZE the industry which leads to corruption and unfair advantages. Just be a "conservative" FOR ONCE and allow for a free market to exist.

Let's stop and consider what a Herculean task Bob Mueller has.  Not only is he tasked with investigatin' the most powerful, corrupt man in the free world, he must also do battle with the Kremlin, a corrupt GOP congress and state-run TV at Fox News.  Bob Mueller is a patriot.
Responsible #GunControlNow #MarchForOurLives #KYpol
Reminder that the @NRA believes 18-year-olds should be able to buy both semiautomatic rifles and handguns:

“The 18-year-old bought an AR-15 with money his mom gave him for a…
@SenateMajLdr McConnell. Meet the man that can not repeal Obamacare. He can not get funding for the wall but manages to fund PP and Sanctuary Cities. He can not do something as simple as get nominations through. He is good at lying and getting reelected though.
His partnerships with the Chinese have been going well though. He is also good at throwing elections in Alabama as well as other states. McConnell is great leadership for the DNC. Mitch McConnell is everything wrong with the Republican party.
It's about time, and it is time for Maine to do likewise,
 bring the Hemp industry to Maine!
#mepolitics #Maine #Hemp #business #agricultural


Thank you!!!! I rely on CBD to function every day - as millions of other Americans do - & I’m excited to not have to worry about legality anymore. I hope you keep us in mind for future marijuana and hemp legislation, instead of only considering the profit potential for your state
how do you usually administer your CBD? (insight by http://commun.it )
McConnell, you're absolutely the worst Senate leader in American history! By the way, blocking legislation to protect Mueller is assuring your place along side Ryan & Nunes in prison! For you it's a life sentence, well deserved! Don't know who's the bigger idiot, you or Ryan?
Dear RINO McConnell, Please resign and go home. We need a new majority Senate leader to build a Wall to protect American lives from illegal alien criminal invaders. Thank you!

This headline is everything! 

Scientists Baffled by McConnell and Ryan’s Ability to Stand Upright Without Spines. https://www.newyorker.com/humor/borowitz-report/scientists-baffled-by-mcconnell-and-ryans-ability-to-stand-upright-without-spines …
#Kentucky has voted and you’ve got the lowest approval rating EVER! https://shareblue.com/matt-jones-mitch-mcconnell-kentucky-senate/amp/?__twitter_impression=true …

Ring a bell Mitch?  #hypocrite
Here we go.

Harvesting hemp in the USSR, 1956 (Wikipedia)
@yrnf @YoungDems4Trump @WSJ @NRA @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump  Looks kike its time to get rid of all the Irish/ ( Mc's) McCabe, McCain, McConnel, McMaster, Ryan, OK sound roll call theres more !
Hmm,  is Sessions and Wray Irish too ? This is not about the Irish its about poor  performance !!
DO SOMETHING OUR UNOTED STATES IS FALLING APART

Let me guess. You got yourself a business opportunity? slither back into your crevice gramps.
Don't think hemp will help enough. Better legalize recreational marijuana if you hope to make a difference in Kentucky.
tell em angie
Trump is a con man, mentored by the mob.  He’s a predator, fueled by greed. A bully who delights in division & shuns responsibility. His policies terrorize the most vulnerable among us. He degrades democracy daily & will be found to have broken the law. And you? You’re complicit.
Now THIS is REAL news.
Great news! Now let's get President Trump's nominees confirmed. No one believes they won't give @RichardGrenell a vote because of mean tweets. #GoNuclear #ConfirmGrenell
Senate GOP want to “go nuclear” against their Dems colleagues & amend rules to approve a slate of appointments of @POTUS @realDonaldTrump to end a “partisan debacle” that’s stalled the nomination process. Retweet if YOU want Senate GOP to GO NUCLEAR NOW!

…

This headline is everything! 

Scientists Baffled by McConnell and Ryan’s Ability to Stand Upright Without Spines.
…
How about appointing trumps picks

This guy will be a great image for GOP. good luck watching him tear down GOP too.
This felon ex-congressman threatened to throw a reporter off a third-story balcony. He’s running for Congress again as a champion of #Trumpism. wake up #Trumpsters! This is not who should be an elected official!
…
Now your pushing pot?
F Kentucky,,, give em some more coal mining .. those old twisted backward drug addicted teen pregnant unskilled people can’t learn a new trick
How dare you advocate for hemp, NOW.. you lying obstructionist.
Finally! Great job! This crop and accompanying industries can help create much wealth.
Thanks!!! Welcome back to the 18th Century, #SwampPeople 
#GrandOldPrimates
Photo op!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=CEJoJ2NeMDk …
Yeah you and trump have made America proud....lol
Thank you for supporting this amazing industry!
have you lost your mind?   a very bad idea...
So Kentuckians are high? must be why they keep voting crooked McConnell in office
Thank you for doing this. Hemp will serve as a profitable cash crop which our country’s farmers will benefit from. We hope you will do the right thing and extend this to cannabis as well. The time is right and most of the country agrees. You will score major points.
About time you did something for the people of your state and country!!
. But what’s in it for you?
Mitch McConnell will introduce a bill to greenlight hemp production https://washex.am/2DXlVQp  
Kentucky was once tobacco growing country State lost a lot n Tax money now they want 2 make it n growing Hemp that once was illegal instead of bringing back Tobacco they claim killed lives Marijuana is step toward big stuff & prison or death. It alone can kill by dulling sences
MAKE IT LEGAL ...PERIOD.
Chuck schumer says Mitch McConnell is a democrat working hard for the blue party
You should do the same for marijuana!  Screw the pharmaceutical industry!
Oh Mitch, you better start smokin' it. Maybe it'll cover up the Trump stink!
Wish they would push to pass the reciprocity bill
Just don’t let little Jeff Sessions catch you...#grabpussy

Long overdue, hemp has always been a very important agricultural crop around the world, let alone the US. Let us hope the prior years marijuana hysteria doesn’t stand in the way of this important and necessary crop.
You certainly have my support

Please help get Pres Trump's nominees placed into office soon.
Don't tell no one mitch is gonna make a killing off this.
Look out projected 1 billion in three years. Mitch is in the big money now. I love it when these dirty politicians get caught. Sellout mitch
Mitch can retire off the money he will make off this deal. Right mitch.
One billion in 3 years mitch, its no wonder your pushing for it, your gonna make a lot, sell out.
HEY mitch how much will you make off this deal, who bought you.  Need proof mitch was bought and paid for.
HIGH?
Your #GOPTaxScam at work, leaving the average worker behind -
Wall Street banks handed out $31.4 billion in bonuses for 2017. That's up 17 percent from 2016, and is 2.5 times the combined annual earnings of all 884,000 full-time minimum wage workers in America. https://www.wsj.com/articles/wall-street-bankers-get-biggest-raise-in-four-years-1522089178 …
@joerogan its about to go down!
Too little and much too late Leatherneck The entire world knows now how corrupt you are. I hope you run for office again I want to see you lose.
Don't tell no one mitch is making a killing off this.
This underscores how positively stupid Congress is about Hemp and Marijuana. Why would it take YEARS for you all to finally get that hemp is different from marijuana? There shouldn’t have even been a question about this. Is plain English too hard for you to understand?
Perhaps future tweets should explain the difference between hemp and marijuana. Many of the comments indicate that this education is necessary.
Hopefully you’ll be gone election day with your rino buddy ryan
Earmarks!   You fake deficit hawk.
Hemp is a gateway drug, Weasel Mitch.
#EndTheFilibuster
Hypocrite is about all anyone can say, Mitch.
Haha! A gateway rope/fabric/oil/food product. About time KY caught up with the rest of US.
Jeff got the memo early....
