Roses are Red, Violets are Blue
I think #Donald loves his daughter the same way as you
With all due respect..I think it's more like this..ahem.."Roses are Red, Violets are Blue, I think #Donald loves his daughter WAY more than you".
Roses are red, violets are blue
Donald pictures Ivanka when making love to you
They are all good
Ouch..
Please leave that big fat liar of a so called man you are married to and find a real one, thanks.
Love you our First Lady @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP . You are appreciated!!!

Came here illegally, took our jobs illegally, got paid here illegally , deport her and her family too then!!
Not gonna happen, tough shot for you 
Deuteronomy 31:8
And the Lord, He is the One who goes before you. He will be with you, He will not leave you nor forsake you; do not fear nor be dismayed.”
Also Deuteronomy talks about Gods punishment and if you want to give her Godly advice advise her to call out her LYING CHEATING RACIST SEXUAL PREDATOR HUSBAND !She is hiding and showing weakness! She never smiles has done nothing On Cyberbullying Money, prenup is her language
Ooopppp
Enjoy hidden attractions. Guided tours by Russian infiltrates optional?#FBR #TheResistance @BirdsGetStarted @CREWcrew @CitizensFedUp @discjocke52 @funder @PendulumSwngr @Bella_ofA @moveover4me2 @kaysintBB @YerOpinion @JonAnthony7 @Riopedre31 @NurseDrama @SaneSophisticat
Y'all are a sad excuse for a so called American
Maybe he is not American?? Just saying ....
LMFAO
@phonedrone64 , facts are facts.
And where are the facts bc all I see isa photoshoped pic of the white house and a buncha Hillaryous and BHO's buddies?
#MuellerTime is near...!!
This is a really nice tour. I went in 2016.
I hope to get there one day soon to see it.
Let me know. Sharon and I went. We had perfect weather too. Lots of beautiful landscaping as well.
You bet I will let you know. Have to hang out with my friend. 
Yay!!! 


It's disgusting that the left can think of nothing else when so much good is going on! But before ya'll have a melt down Let's go back and think of the revolving door of the kennedy and Clinton white house!
Don think we ever had nude photos and a self confessed sexual predator
JFK & FDR would have been proud!

What's your address?

I'll see what I can do
Zip code?
I knew I recognised that address

What a complete coward right? Pretending she wanted 100 ?
We’re still waiting for spring which...
Now you have a seat in holding in my eyes MaAm that could really help trumps issues where the nato plattform is concerned since we drew so my worldly coverage of koreas miss gaing rights they may hold by a country as allowed by un standards
My grandfather handed me down that information hoping to would bring someone good use one day, now i'm sharing some of the secrets that surrounded or nation through great times of war where few prospered and the many almost starved.
With those in office as to change our countries heading to better the campaiging of trumps statue while in office.
A must do for media standards before the next republican presidental primmaries.
They just where simply able to grab what was needed for our nation to come to rest as it naturally should have without money as a backing plan paul
By the means of congretional law and a system of trusted goverment that would have else interviend in our past, just an error now unshrowded by me.
I see all my grandfathers words being played out in our every day lifes and ask myself how did he aquire so much knowledge to pass on, and i have no one but the social holding data bank.
Now we have a billion or trillion   dollar defect aquire by yes those two banks in part, but other two i cant currently remember. And they have no equity burden to be payed back calling it simple good banking investments, i think not.are yall going to allow large banks to-
#NeverMyFirstLady Melania is choosing to disrespect victims of sexual abuse& sexual predators with her silence on DT’s multiple accusations..She is No Heroine..No Role  Model for Self Respect
Right, she should follow Hillary's great example on this subject. Hahahahaha
Whatabouting
Without worship of Kabir lord our life is as  hell...
Must visit
http://www.jagatgururampalji.org 

Is this a label from a craft beer??

You read that into what was said??? Don't drink the red kool Aid!  :)
I hope that it won't be too #Stormy
TY #Melania.  #WeThePeople LOVE & SUPPORT you & @POTUS Thank you for being such a PROUD supporter of #America & #AmericanValues! 
#GodBlessAmerica 
#GodBlessFLOTUSandPOTUS

The month of April could be a tad bit #Stormy...
Should Melania @FLOTUS “Dump Trump" @realDonaldTrump?
Why didn’t the MSM tell that to Hillary when Bill was sticking cigars up a young interns private parts in the Oval Office?
They did. I wouldn't classify HLN as mainstream media
You must be so embarrassed.
Very cool - would love to do this one day - the WH has awesome gardens.  Anyone done this?
I’d love to!
I'm thinking it would be a blast - gorgeous gardens in an incredible location.  I'm in!
Thank you our wonderful First Lady 

HAHAHAHA!!!  I love this!!  Liberals are wasting their time trying to insult our president.  He simply doesn’t care.  He just keeps on working for Americans, even the disrespectful ones, like the ones on this thread.  
Your right. He simply doesn’t care.
Just want to let you know that I think you are beautiful and elegant and not to let the haters bring you down.
Tickets it should be free we pay for that garden....
The tickets ARE free.
Cool.
How fortunate are we to have such a graceful, beautiful and elegant First Lady!
Whatever. She got over here on a special visa reserved for doctors and scientists. Not a porn model.
Her parents are participating in chain migration... who said that was bad for the US?
It is a bad thing but like every other law th@ gets put in place,they would be grandfathered in.get over it
Proceeds going to The Trump Organization I'm betting.
Love you @FLOTUS!
Everytime I see this picture I think: 1- How can she stay with this jackass? and 2- If the conservatives elected this jackass, what thing will they try to elect next?
@IngrahamAngle cyber bullying a Parkland survivor. How about reaching out to him. It would make your point.
HEY @FLOTUS MY BROTHER IS LITERALLY GETTING CYBERBULLIED BY @IngrahamAngle. 

ANY COMMENTS? 

…
Thanks you for all you do. We are so honored to have you as our First Lady. 
What has she done? asking for a friend
So you do something?

Look at that ... somebody took an arts & crafts class!
Great I just hope it doesn’t get STORMY when I visit 
You have no idea 
Pretty much yeah, I’m pulling one from @realDonaldTrump’s book
You’re the one who engaged me so you’re the one who needs to F**K OFF!
Melania, I can't afford the tickets to this event.  Why don't you let Seniors and Children get in free?  Technically, we (taxpayers), own the property!  You're just a temporary tenant.  Bad form.  Learn English so you can act like a First Lady.
The tickets are free Bonnie! Stupid much?

Spring, Gods answer to Life.
Does it cost money to go on the tour
Thank you, but I’ll wait till you’re gone from the White House for good.
I’m thinking of bringing my emotional support dog to this even since you guys arrived st the White House
Wow! That would be so cool to visit! 
Obama was a better president
Why aren’t you defending the Parkland students from cyber bullying from the Fox News hosts of the right?
We Love You Melania 
yes we do and so proud of your sweet personality
And so beautiful!
Seems as though Donald prefers Stormy, and Karen, and...
Sad isn’t it, how a man can get so many and you can’t get one!
Yes, I and other men measure ourselves by the number of adulterous affairs we have.  It's a shame I have had none.  Trump on the other hand has cheated countless times.
I'm sure your "Shel Silverstein on 'roids" vibe gets you all the ladies.

Whose manure do you use to fertilize? And which end does it come out of @potus and @PressSec ?
Love our #FirstFamily and our beautiful @FLOTUS  !
Me too....

So you disapprove of homosexuality? Would @VP be saying that @FLOTUS needs conversion therapy? How about you #Evangelicals? I want to hear your God, #Rebulican Jesus defend this!
Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed …
You like to hear yourself talk?  The bible reads   Man should not sleep with men.  The only bible that doesn't say that is one that was re-written to fill someone's needs!  GUYS in dresses allowed in the same restroom as a little girl, this world is messed up!
 Have A Wonderful And Blessed Day Melania !!  
Will there be a willow pussy grabbing exhibit? Asking for a @potus.
Yea! If the JOB requires being SHAMED, CONSTANTLY, by your ORANGE CLOWN  HUSBAND you are doing GREAT!!!
Love you Malenia Thump and family miss forever
Love you miss and family Malenia forever 

Parkland survivor calls on Melania Trump to intervene after Fox's Laura Ingraham 'cyberbullies' her brother https://www.rawstory.com/2018/03/parkland-survivor-calls-melania-trump-intervene-foxs-laura-ingraham-cyberbullies-brother/ …
Beautifully done...
Thank you!
Why would we want this fake flotus to show us out garden. She k pea nothing about it and why is she still with your sorry ass?  Oh that's right her name is tRump so She's just as greedy as you
Happy Spring! Beautiful and Full of Grace FLOTUS...
How I would just love to take this tour !
#reality_of_vedas #SpiritualLeader_SaintRampalji
Love our @FLOTUS !!
"Where there is LOVE, there is HOPE."  - #TheRibbonMaker
ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS MY FLOTUS
We love our first Lady Melania, very  very proud of her  

Thank you FLOTUS You’re amazing
Yes
You and Donald are amazing!   Thank you for all your doing to repair the nation!!   
Derrr..   derrrr.   You have just proven who is what^^^^
Maybe you should try your hand at giving Alcatraz tours?
The way things are going you might be a free woman by summer.
Day #431 of the hostage situation. First Skank (former Slovenian soft core porn model) takes time from her busy, highly successful anti-bullying campaign to enjoy hostage funded festivities!
@jamesalandarby

Yeah for now until your husband guts the Park service.

By the way, does the forecast call for Stormy weather? 
I'll do it as long as someone will guarantee me that Trump won't stick his nose in & ruin the day. Anybody??
Blink twice if you need help!

At least there's plenty of manure to spread in the gardens.
We all wish you great success with this!
beautiful
Love  this idea Awesome 
Hey you! Yeah you! The illegal immigrant Slovenian porn model. How's that cyber bullying campaign going?
David Hogg Rejected By Four Colleges To Which He Applied and whines about it. (Dinged by UCLA with a 4.1 GPA...totally predictable given acceptance rates.) https://www.dailywire.com/news/28770/gun-rights-provocateur-david-hogg-rejected-four-joseph-curl …
We love you Melania-hang in there you are the perfect first lady-you have it all intelligence, beauty,poise and a great sense of fashion-also your crusade against cyber bullying is right on point-it's probably the main reason for the school shootings.
Love you melania
Wish I could come ! Happy Easter
Melania, You're the best!
Thank you for your service!
https://youtu.be/NRvX6128WGU 
I am so thankful for you and the President! I have an amazing book "The Father's Love" that is our true story of my cross-country search for my missing son David and how I found my faith in God. I would love to send you a copy.
#FLOTUSKNIGHT / #MYLADY
Great First Lady!!#trueclass
Pulling for u Melania 
Pulling what?
Supporting her

Thank you for allowing your husband to completely and totally demean the office of the presidency. And btw, what do you have to say to the pathological Alex Jones whose bullying tactics against the students of Parkland is irresponsible and dangerous?
Fiddling while Rome burns...
In this garden, the most beautiful queen Melania
Gag me
They all dress like tramps
Great idea... Thanks FLOTUS.
Keep smiling you bought and paid for  lady
She's more of an American than you and your kind.
And she has class. Plus she's not a dude.We think it's a blessing.
Tankyo ..........................
#USAinKSA_WomenInspire ......
#USA...
#ksa....
Happy Spring@FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump  And to our #MAGAFamily !
Girl...forget #StormyDaniels you should be fuming about Karen McDougal she was the real mistress who still loves your husband who had the nerve to have you take a pic with her who does that? @Essence @TheRoot @CNN @msnbc @BBCWorld
Stormy would love that
be strong
Nice, I wonder what the Democrats will find wrong with this. LOL.
Where are you? It’s been over a year your husband invaded the Oval Office and you have not broke a Nail or Smiled since you came to DC Bullying is still going on and your Husband is the Head of  Bullying! You attacked President Obama on your husband lie and now your silent! Wow
How's the whole cyber-bullying thing going? There's a certain group of high school kids who are being berated all over town for speaking up about not wanting to be shot. What, exactly, is your stance on that, Mrs. T? #GunReformNow
Che bello!
I bet the flowers are gorgeous. I wish I could be there to see them. Happy Easter First Lady to you and your family!
Well I can see you have so much to add to the conversation with the name calling. Get help for your anger
Anger ?  take a look at yourself
Weather looks STORMY
 @StormyDaniels
Thank God for President Trump!
Best flotus ever!

#draintheswamp #KAG #maga #MarchMadness #NCAATournament #WednesdayWisdom #Qanon #GreatAwakening #RedWaveRising2018 #roseanne bb
Your husband is ruining the country, and this is what the Einstein visa comes up with?!?
Can I bring @StormyDaniels ?
It would be a dream come true to go there! I can help fundraise ! You are a hard act to follow belived FLOTUS! Thank you for all you are and do! May God continue bless you with strength and endurance! #AbsolutelyPhenomenalFLOTUS
*Beloved
No thanks.
I don't want to get any stupid on me I heard it doesn't wash off.
Do we have to be there on designated days to get tickets?
Is this a lottery like the Easter Egg Hunt?
Watchdog L.L. is ready to go to DC!
It's a long drive to be disappointed.
Went shopping today!
Trying to pick my outfit to mow the lawn! One piece or bikini? Be nice!
God Bless you!
MAGA with GOD and FTPU
@realDonaldTrump
@JackPosobiec 
@majorpeel
Gray Wolf says absolutely not on the banana hammock. But
MAGA WITH GOD AND FTPU! If not, then when is Block of Cheese day? Blow us a kiss, throw us a bone, invite us for flowers or eggs. God bless you.
Where you from originally woman??
Have you apologized to President Obama about the birtherism?
@FLOTUS Good Afternoon & Happy Wednesday! Good luck w/ #EasterEggRoll Your doing an "Awesome" job as #FirstLady The #American people appreciate all your hard work at the @WhiteHouse Prayers you, @realDonaldTrump Baron, & your family have a great day...God Bless!
#Easter

Wish I could go.
Thank you to First Lady for sharing & I hope all the White House visitors are able to enjoy this Spring Garden Tours! ...White House
When are you divorcing that SOB aka disgusting husband.
Not a F-ing chance!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you Melanie for loving our country enough to put up with all of the tough days. You are an excellent First Lady and our family really appreciates what you and your family have done. God Bless and Happy Easter. 
So sorry, Melania... darn spellcheck!
I was there for your gorgeous Christmas decor.
Thank you!
Melania @FLOTUS. Can you confirm for me that a @NatlParkService still exists? Or has Hubbie @POTUS rid the country of that too.
Will they get to see YOUR ROOM like  KAREN MCDOUGLE????
Run, Melania.  RUN!!
Love you @MELANIATRUMP
Smells like spring... and failure.
Surely to be picture perfect and beautiful like OUR FIRST LADY
What about the bullying of the #ParklandSurvivors? What are you doing to stop that?
I just love my classy, intelligent, beautiful First Lady. God bless you and yours and may God bless our President Donald Trump.
Wish I could attend just for you melania
springtime at the WH, sounds amazing
Just like Springtime for Hitler. Minus the laughs.
Divorce Spanky.
We have to pay for a tour at OUR house?  What are you doing with the money? Hiring a good divorce Attorney?
Can I bring my wife, my favorite playmate, and a porn star - like if I am going to go the whole weekend I mean?
For many veterans with current Congressional & VA policies of DENY till DEAD policies, this will by their final tour of duty...
So does she!
No thanks.
More liberal faux #Me too acolytes spewing hate... go figure

The shame's on your end and evident in your hateful behavior. 
Fyi: you're clearly not qualified to judge others
Clearly you don’t get it. But oh well....
There's that liberal projection... 
Apparently you don't get it- as I've already said. You're the one trolling Melania. Wear the shame you've chosen w/your fake #MeToo badge.
What #MeToo badge. How about you show your face? Melania has the power to do good things and yet chooses to do nothing. All she wanted was a sugar daddy! Shame on all that pathetic family you keep defending.  And shame on you.
Not only does @realDonaldTrump lust after porn stars and sex workers, he lust after his own daughter  But that’s ok, because you have a lust for the tRUMP money and evidently that’s all that matters to you. #MoneyMatters #TrumpTrash
Beautiful! Love you our beautiful hearted FLOTUS Trump.
Who did stormy Daniels taste???
#FreeBalochistan


Not one damn thing.....
You should have read the full picture and pulled it down where it says they are all draft Dodgers
Melania, we're still waiting for Spring here along the South Jersey coast
God bless you 
#DeportMelania for fraudulently obtaining H1B Visa. 
Denaturalization is easy
When the clocks move forward we know to check our batteries in our smoke detectors. Does your family get together for group STD testing?
You mean tickets that you outrageously increased so the average guy can't afford to go to the parks &take advantage of OUR National Park Service! Anything for a buck that's you &our traitorous POTUS. Give me the money that's all you care about. How many new diamonds did you get?
We must save her from the evil cheeto that we are forced to call our president. 
Does @realDonaldTrump make you wear a blonde wig to look like @IvankaTrump? 
Thank you @FLOTUS We appreciate your sacrifice to serve our country.
Psssst - leave him! There is hope!! Run!!
Surprised your husband hasn’t dumped the Park Service




@POTUS is making sure it's very STORMY in your garden. Sorry @FLOTUS
Whoever runs your account isn't doing you any favors. Your husband puts his 3 inches in "models" and porn stars and this is the kind of stuff your people put out there. Leave him. Make your life great again.
I love this WOMAN; what a bonus to the Greatest President of all time. We the people are SO BLESSED. Be THANKFUL
You are losing at Twitter.
The Donald is a good man!  Don't listen to those haters. They are just jealous you're so beautiful.  We love both of you. Go USA !
Looks like your days in the WH are numbered sweetheart.
All of you haters are ridiculous and glad to see your IQ matches your shoe size!  Melania is one of the best FLOTUS that this country has had!  Intelligent, respectful, and always keeping it classy!
Yea right.

Via @hapkidogal Today would be a good day to inquire about @MELANIATRUMP's Immigration status, if her papers are legitimate, her alleged "Einstein" status. Where the hell is #Gestapo @ICEgov? Do they only harass Brown/Black people? #EthnicCleansing …
Mama trump's also.  That story changed when he started campaigning. And wife #1?
Everyone in America who matters loves you!!!  We finally have a classy First Lady!!!
Enjoy this also....
