That's some righteous social policy you got going there! Sure glad your family knows how to stand up for the poor and downtrodden.
Cute pic.. #Doglover #LoveDogs
Hallo! The Names OZZY Fae Scotland. Happy Dug day
What a Happy Little Face!!
How can you support a man.... Donald Trump, who urinates on Russian hookers for sex??? He did this in 2015.... Putin has tapes!!!
Anyone who loves dogs can't be all bad.
Thank you for taking a part in making our country great again! Not much better than our canine friends for drawing us together! And it is healthy!!
Hey hi it's important to big police
To your FBI 
I'm Ezzat it's i was have paje on Facebook Ezzat sheik now this my paje on Facebook Ezzat sheikh. It's not for help thanks
Hope in better days for dogs all around this place...
Oh gosh dont tell my dogs this puppy day thing...they ill want another added to their 365 days already
Congrats on your first post/retweet that shows you DO have a heart. Just don’t tell the cats. We all have our limits, am I right?
How cute?? How about REALLY doing something that will help Americans?
Om0
That dog thinks your husband is gay.
Elephants and lions now game again for trophy killers due to trump lifting the ban and siding with lying killers
Mike Pence hates animals if he supports trump and trophy killers
From one lapdog bitch to another, right?



Why does Mike Pence — the man a heartbeat away from the presidency — never know what's going on in the White House? 


Tony you are so wrong on so many levels.
has he tried to grab you by the pussy or have your prayers cured him ?
hey Karen still praying for Donald the sexual predator?

Kids marching for their lives.

Your evil husband does nothing. You tweet about cute puppy.

This is not normal, even for a Russia regime.
No comment!
Looks like a happy puppy!
You are so patriotic. IT KILLS ME "The US has one of the highest rates of death by firearm in the developed world, according to World Health Organization data"
Trump partied at club known for simulating bestiality, S&M, golden showers http://dailym.ai/2G7DxLY  #MAGA #StormyDaniels
This is what you are posting on the day of March for Lives?  45 got out of town, running scared.....
You have a platform and our country needs your voice to denounce the vile behavior by Trump. He betrays his family, his vows and sexually assaults women. You can stand by and support him do it or take a courageous stand and be an example of true Christian behavior. Speak out now!
Did you watch this Karen? Talk about a horn dog.
All hairy!
Hey Harley.... Karen looks like needs a shave
Any guesses on why the president is the only president without a dog?  Maybe a pet would help his Stress and he would tweet dumb things less or maybe stay faithful?


Thank you, we love our leaders, no weapon formed against us shall prosper. God is on your side

Hey don't go shooting a dog or putting them in the overhead bin---don't kill the dogs kill the kids instead they're not as cute
In 8 years Obama never needed to hire an attorney to defend him in the white house let that sink in.!!!



@mike_pence kids are marching against guns and we get national dog day from a republican-pathetic
So cute!
This is what's up,,,
Here's a dog 4 u,,, U forgotten folks need to go dig some coal
Idiots,,,#trumproaches
Are you following Trumps orders not to acknowledge the protests yesterday?Worst kid of a politician is one who has no decency! Yes Pence you
Your family is awesome Karen. 
Beautiful puppy! Is he pals with Marlin Bundo (your pet bunny)?
Happy puppy day?! And nothing about the 100’s of thousands who marched today? Can’t wait to vote you and the rest of the mess in Washington out on your A**es!
Nothing better to tweet about today? Nothing more important going on in the world? I like a pupper just as much as anyone else but how can you be so daft?
Just let her tweet about her dogs.. We all love dogs
Our fearless, macho President - the same one who dodged the draft, boasted he'd win a fist fight with Joe Biden, and claimed he'd run in unarmed to take on a school shooter - had his motorcade reroute to dodge frightening teenage protesters.

Nobody notice find hundred thousand kids on Pennsylvania Ave today fighting for their lives ? #MarchForOurLives washington
You better have him checked, I think he's gay


It's March For Our Lives Day, Mother.  Don't you know that?  Millions marched today, and you and your sycophantic, misogynist, nativist, racist, xenophobic husband, @VP, have nothing to say about it?  Go back to Indiana or whatever planet you really came from.
I'm finaly proud of the leaders of this country! God BLess you for following thru on your promises to the people who have had no one listening to us for a very long time!
What a buetiful family member

Here's our Mikey saying Hi!
Nice dog
Dogs are awsome!!!!
Also happy Bunny day 
Hello Mr, and Mrs. Pence,

I hope you enjoyed your short visit here in Savannah. We were honored to have the Vice President and Second Lady here. Mayor DeLoach is a nice fellow, don't you think?
Jesus called and he said you and Mike are no longer on the guest list.
National puppy day this is my puppy Penny
Harley is a cutie. What breed or mix is he?
Poor dog.
THE ART OF BETRAYAL by Donald Trump. VP Pence, how did you and other Republicans ever allow Trump to sign this bill? #TrumpBaseBetrayal
Harley can stay but Pence must go
Mike Pence for President! !
GOP COWARDS.   Today is Young Americans Day.
So you'll note Puppy Day, but not a peep about those kids out your window? Shame on you, Mother #MarchForOurLives #HandpickedByManafort
You tweet about dogs but not about The March For Our Lives rally.
Using picture of cute dog to compete with MARCH FOR OUR LIVES? What world do you people live in? Certainly NOT the America I want. MILLIONS marched to VOTE YOU OUT!
Love the post Karen love our country to
Oh, you're such a sweet boy.
My puppy who is approximately 10 months old. Rescued him no home and was starving. Can’t tell it now. Love  my Jack Sparrow
I think of you as first lady


Thank you for all you do from my family to yours, may God Bless you all.

Michelle and I are so inspired by all the young people who made today’s marches happen. Keep at it. You’re leading us forward. Nothing can stand in the way of millions of voices calling for change.
The Omnibus allocated 0$  to build the wall but gave Trump 870 Billion for the military to use at his discression , no restrictions!  The wall will cost 10billion. So take 10 bil and have the Army Corps of Engineers build the wall!
Beautiful
He is so cute!
Thank you to your husband for great service as the #shithole president’s lapdog.

#nationalpuppyday   Please support my GoFundMe campaign:
Cuteness needs another bone , the One she has is Flavor Gone , That look is Like waving a Wand
Our Rudy says thank you to you and the Vice President for bringing Harley to Washington.
There is no dog in the White House. I don’t trust people who don’t like dogs. I do trust dogs who don’t like people.
Aw, best dog ever.
@mike_pence : So many American issues now. This RT is best u can do? U truly are Delusional Don’s sidekick.
Geez! is that the best the Pence's can do......we are screwed!
Cure dog !!
Thank you !!!
@KellyannePolls @mike_pence
Happy Puppy Day, Harley! From BeBe. My family loves your family and we pray for all of you!  God bless you, and thank you for your service to us!

It's yet another day that Donald Trump and Mike Pence are exploiting our military for political points. As a military veteran and proud transgender woman, tonight hits home for me. It's personal. So, let's be absolutely clear about what this means... (thread)

…
Thank you
Happy National Puppy Day Harley!! That's my dogs name also!! 
Happy Pup Day Dusty!!
LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU. and YOUR FAMILY
Happy pup day Harley !!
My Dog named Harley toogotta love our furry friends 
Correction ^ is named
Happy National Puppy Day, Harley! Thanks for bringing joy to the Naval Observatory! #NationalPuppyDay 
If you have a grandchild that tells you he or she is gay, would you love them less? Would you want roadblocks in their life due to their private sexual preference? We will see what you do in the future.
May I ask what do you feed your dog?
Please remove all picture blocks and filters stm








Not just Trump PENCE and MAGA won over the hole world to save America and HUMAINTY your never alone Mrs Pence our beautiful second lady but second to none me a PENCE thank you its Not easy fighting these lucerfern LEFTIES sickos but we won far and square MAGA love Mrs Pence Alway
Sweet paw kid and he looks well cared for and happy.
We love you Mrs Pence our next first lady 2024 MAGA loves you both and thank yo u for Helping us all get that Big WIN on Nov 8 2016 no amount of Russia Russia Russia will take this from You and US MAGA thank you all for fighting for all Americans I know you have to be lonely sad
My pup

President Trump on Friday moved to formally ban most transgender people from serving in the military, with limited exceptions.   Sick WH
Would you do a Huckabee on him if he was gay?
Hi there white bread Don't for get to watch me 60minutes Sunday If Jesus says it's ok XOXOXO
#woof @flotus #christian #NotMyPresident
Gorgeous
Impeachment is imminent.




Does the puppy hump Marlon Brundo?
I bet you and your so faithful "son" over trumps new ban
Is that the ‘2nd’ Dog? Looks like a feisty one !
Mom and son...chocolate is mom..
Happy puppy day from my Dexter and Sipsey!!!
Your husband serves a man who acts like a dog. Nothing joyful about that.
Our Trump puppy.
bahahahaha!! check out the look on that poor doggo's face! that is the astonished woe of a pup who just realized to say they are smarter than their humans.  don't worry, pupper. no shame: we passers-by realize that you don't dress yourself.

Shelty?   Before Buster who is a rescue I had Boo, a Shelty mix rescue.  Boo lived in great health for 16 years but got sick suddenly and I had to put him to sleep.  I cried over body for an hour.  Now Buster is starting the age climb.  But there nothing like a puppy dog!
Does Harley live with Marlon Bundo?
Mother!
He has more tongue than mouth.
Nice dog
That is one cute pup. Those eyes!
No one wants to hear from you today, after you demeaned transgender people willing to give their lives for our country, @vp. We don't care much what mother has to say either, pretty sure she supports discrimination too.
Looks like nobody care lol
Waitin' for Pop to come home
This is really cute!

Is he gay?
She’s a lovely girl
