quando siamo vicini a loro ci sentiamo talmente piccoli che sono loro che ci prendono per mano
Thank You Karen !!  My Mother In Law Has Dementia And Art Therapy Is A Blessing !! 
Wonderful!
Y’know what would give parents of sick kids even more peace of mind?

Universal health care!

Imagine being able to focus on helping your child get healthy instead of worrying how you’re going to pay the hospital bills...

I speak from firsthand experience here.
#medicareforall
I love the heart of Karen Pence!
 Mother of the United States 
Let's hope the children will grow healthy and bright. #MAGA 
Praying for you, your precious family and staff!
Arts and Crafts Lady wasting taxpayer dollars!

Impressive. Thank you for sharing.
This photo is precious!
She's  so  precious and absorbing everything. 
She's very  intelligent. 
Discerning you.
Children are just like grownups.
They watch and are judging.
Natural silence is a very beautiful thing in a child.
If they get angry, they are capable of recounting an event, valuing truth
If you believe this, why are you supporting an administration that is eliminating funding for the arts? Hypocrisy!

God Bless you, truly you're beautiful inside and out!
May The Lord Bless you richly in His Grace

Are the gay and lesbian spouses there???
Hz isa gibi babası olmayan 
Anne dna kız deyilmi binkerede yapsanız gine kız olacak
Trump's deleted tweet this morning.

So you’ll be supporting increased funding for arts in budgets for education and the NEA?
Mrs Karen Pence thank for you Beautiful Job with the Kids Art Therapy God Bless you and you Family 
Mother- you can do this all day long at home in Indiana! Just have your husband resign and all obstacles shall be removed.
Better yet- since you folks are loathe to pay taxes, you could start a church, too. Perhaps a branch of Westboro Baptists?
Wish I had Insurance that covers this! Maybe Senate spouses can speak to them about coverage.

Greitens is @VP BAE too. Mother doesn't watch when the boys are together. 
A better First Lady, but hubby has some issues.
Donald Trump should be tweeting about this soon. I hope my fellow snowflakes let it go without snide comments. Let's honor Mrs. Bush by being dignified. She was a good woman.

Former first lady Barbara Bush dies at age 92
In 1978, I was ready to further my art degree by studying Art Therapy, however circumstances prevented that. I did survive 30 years in advertising & direct mail! 
I'm so happy that you are shining a light on AT. Thank you!
Amen and Amen Thank you Mrs. Pence
MAGA
Sra. Karen una labor  hermosa es su terapia de Arte  
Si scrive giudeo, si legge comunista-sionista; peggiore forma di cancro e radice maligna per tutti i popoli della terra!
Con la "diaspora" pianificata,  il vittimismo e il mostruoso buonismo, hanno appestato e schiavizzato, tutti i poli della terra...
This is wonderful Mrs. Pence!! Art therapy is such a healing, uplifting therapy for the mind, heart, and soul. Thank you so much for believing in this!!
BEAUTIFUL 
@VPPressSec, @VP, @VPComDir
