Do you realize students were gunned down in Florida? I don't see one word of compassion or sympathy. You've had too much art therapy, I think you're comatose.

every where but Parkland for the Pence family!
Will that art therapy heal the trauma parents who have lost a child in a mass school shooting feel? Or will it heal the PTSD children are experiencing after seeing fellow students gunned down?  Please do something useful with your time. Help enact #GunReformNow.
This is great, we all need theorpy along life's road whether we know it or not.


daaaaaamn @NYDailyNews. 
Yes, art therapy and music therapy are real. So too are LGBTQ youth. Inform your husband that they do NOT need conversion therapy.
Art therapists? Are they like the gay conversion therapists?
I hope you break your ankle
great
I love y'all ! HahaHaha !
words are so difficult to me here in Africa,to exclame how social we can take this for example,I just have to congratulate you in this great projet.
How BEAUTIFUL!
This corrupt administration is responsible for wasting taxpayer dollars ... you included.
Thank you for your hearts for America
Republican budget cuts funding for this sort of thing. If you like it, better talk to hubby.
art therapy? music therapy? sounds like you’re having a great time. but you know what? those dead kids are still dead. any comments? no?
You two, and your church group, are really getting to see the world, at the expense of American taxpayers, while not doing one thing to help
Say no to Abortion but don't protect the children who weren't aborted #FloridaHighSchool  #EndGunViolence
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
No one cares Karen.
You're  looking so fine and great and youthful. The blessing of the LORD.

Blessings and love today
Please stop by and say hi to some who really need it
Oh I'm so sick of your art therapy! Vomit! Your husband is against abortion but ok with the slaughter of innocent children. Our children aren't safe at SCHOOL and you talk about art. Makes me sick!
Thank you Vice President and Mrs. Pence
You better talk to your POTUS this morning.  He's Tweeting like a mad-man, same thing over & over. He probably didn't take his meds this morning & is MANIC. He is OBVIOUSLY freaking out. Better take his phone away before he tweets something stupid.  Opps, too late. Restrain him!

How much can you beat this dead horse at taxpayer expense.  We have known arts and crafts were good for the soul for ages...nothing new here!
Damn shame the #GOPtaxscam eliminated funding for excellent programs like this. Good thing you and thd 1% got richer az a result. #sad 
There is gun control. It's called sanity and yr trigger finger.
Thank you Karen Pence for shining a light on Art Therapy, a warm, healing spirit throughout the Nation.



Art Therapy and Historic Southside Fort Worth is full of property real estate agents refuse to even list. Want therapy? 1504 E Leuda St,  Fort Worth, could use an artists touch. OMG need quiet time again.
Go paint by numbers you foolish, foolish out of touch fool.
Thank you for your BS
Karen you are marry to a monster your expensive Dresses that you bought with the NRA money not only make you accomplice of parkland school shooter but you also have blood in your hand. So far you there just for a photo add. Ashamed at you.
#Maga
Art therapy for all the children that suffered in Florida schools
Do they do conversion therapy there too Mommy?
How’s about those grieving parents & kids in Florida...
Did you punish Medieval Mike for looking at all those hunky athletes at the olympics?
I'm proud of both you, and your hubby. You two are doing a wonderful job, and make a great team.
Get relevant please
We can only hope this works better than Republicans thoughts and prayers!
Oh yea, if the Florida shooter had only gotten “art therapy”.
Are you people delusional?
#stepfordwife
CHANGE IS COMING #bs
What else do you do besides travel on the taxpayers dime ? Art therapy Yep that should help all the deceased children right now !!
Id be willing to bet that you and I would hardly ever see eye to eye... that said, kudos are deserved for the efforts you've put into the Art Therapy cause
That's very nice of you. It's a shame that non of the trolls can see you for what you are. And yet they have no problem seeing what they want to see. Just as long it's not you. And there over on Hillary's page worshipping her. You're a great American!

Dan  You are so welcome .    #Above all else, guard your heart,for everything you do flows from it.
I Love Art Therapy!
Sure helped me.
Would you consider art therapy at Marjorie Stoneman Douglas HS?   They need it. And they need a voice for policy change.  Praying for change.
Just a thought, are you, Karen, starting to upstage our First Lady???

"They say that tougher gun laws do not decrease gun violence. We call BS!" Florida high school shooting survivor Emma Gonzalez calls on President Trump and lawmakers to tighten gun restrictions in impassioned…
Nobody likes you or your husband!


Why aren’t you in parkland applying art therapy???
You mean, defund and eradicate Planned Parenthood?
We all need therapy to live through this traitorous sham of an administration.  But you & hubby apparently only need to pray & wait for Jesus to give you advice.  Talking to imaginary sky daddies gets most people held for a psych evaluations but not you?
What are your thoughts on censoring art?
Meanwhile veterans are still dying horrible painful deaths, many at his/her own hands, because Congressional & VA policies are denying LEGIT pain medications to the elderly, cancer patients & the disabled. While you & other Washington elites continue to turn your backs on us.
Robert  instead of wasting time tweeting hateful why don’t you pray  put all your concern into prayer you will be amaze how powerful prayer can be
Hey @SecondLady & @VP What are your good Christian thoughts on @realDonaldTrump @POTUS cheating on @FLOTUS with not only a Porn Star but a Playboy model also?  #TrumpFamilyValues #ConArtist #LyingAndCheating #Traitors #Treason
Kids are being shot DEAD at school because of people like you.  You are backwards cult members who need to get the hell out of our lives.  You think prayer will solve everything?  Then what the HELL are you doing in government?  GET OUT!
U should really get publicity counselling before trumping UR horn when Ur Hubble/Trump taking disability funding away. Hypocrite
Please tell your husband 'Thank you! ' for his hard work.
Douche spouse
If someone decided to take a rifle and murdered you all during your little visit, I'm sure the money you and your husband took from the NRA would have paid for all the funerals of everyone there! Thanks for the visit I call my wife mommy Pence! 
I bet she had someone protecting her just like we should have in schools where our children are 5 days a week
Such an honor to have you visit!
So what are your thoughts on the newest dalliance by trump?  It’s got to cut your Christian beliefs off at the knees.  Hard to believe you both can be in the same room with him.  Don’t let him persuade @VP to falter!
WOW so you think you are without a fault #All of us have sinned and fallen short of God's glory.  But God treats us much better than we deserve, and because of Christ Jesus, he freely accepts us and sets us free from our sins.
WOW back at you.  I like you are not without sin, but I have the ability to judge what is right and wrong here on earth.  Jesus will determine our outcome on that judgement day.
Do not judge others, and you will not be judged. For you will be treated as you treat others. The standard you use in judging is the standard by which you will be judged.
This is a wonderful idea, I am anxious to see what you put together. This goes in the  best practices column.
Hopefully you got therapy for being married to  your husband. He is a wretched a wicked soul.
Thank you, you are doing a great job..
A great job? Which is? 
I still don't know if ART is Therapy, but I can really find my own SPACE and get into a kind of ZONE creating. Allowing my mind to be free and control color ,lighting ,texture and shapes. If I didn't have to sleep, eat or clean my house etc (pay property taxes) I would create.
The thing is...FOCUSING so intensely on ARTWORK is like a mini vacation as long as there are no DEADLINES and ART DIRECTORS to please...Just creating whatever I want, that's the best!
You are so kind and always welcome to Texas. Proud of you and your husband.
Drop dead.
Great work, @SecondLady! I work in inpatient psych, and art therapy is one of the most powerful, transformative therapies in existence!
Awesome!!! Congrats!
Thank you our precious second lady
NICE USE OF SPACE. HAVE A BLESSED DAY
art therapy for you, conversion therapy for @VP
Religious weirdos
I hope my taxes aren't paying for this BS too
Art therapy really does work. It tends to bring out emotions from within and helps to express them verbally to others. Congratulations on the great work you’re doing!
#EnoughIsEnough Ban assault waepons!
Will work as good as Banning drugs has.
Get back in your kitchen Mother. Real Americans are grieving  with those high school students.
She's a busy lady!!! #MAGA
Good job good
Any tasteful photos of @flotus
Thank you Mrs. Pence for your patriotism for America. You are a beautiful and gracious Second Lady in the White House. 
Patriots salute you and our Vice-President. 
#MAGA 
Wonderful! Who can come?
Mother you are a bag person.  No care about #GunViolence?  Sick twisted bunch you and the fake husband of yours.
Women of adulterous husbands would probably benefit from that. Maybe you can let @FLOTUS know about it.
How is Melania doing?
Love you two.  Please just block rude people.  None of us care what they think.
You know what else give people stories of hope? Universal Healthcare!
Not...

Trump budget seeks huge cuts to science and medical research, disease prevention - The Washington Post
Nor...

Trump's proposed 2018 budget cuts to NIH, CDC, FDA, HHS backlash - Business Insider
And especially not...

Trump’s Clueless Abdication of Presidential Responsibility | The New Yorker
Yes you are making a differences but you are not making a difference in a good way you have such a hateful heart you know that Young man who killed 17 high school kids you know what he had in his heart “hate”
Great concept
Is that still in the budget?
Maybe they can help your husband with his horse fucking problem
And it would be really nice if Trump wouldn’t zero out the NEA And NEH so MORE people could receive art therapy
FU BI*CH!


Your husband wants to electrocute gay kids
Doesn’t everybody?

Why would you even want to insult @SecondLady Karen Pence?
This is basically what's happening so I can understand it, but otherwise...
Resign hypocrite
 Don’t be misled: No one makes a fool of God. What a person plants, he will harvest.

LOL...who has trolls?  LOL!
