You scratch my back I’ll scratch yours
You forgot something, the LGBTQ community made you a sandwich. http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x6cv2y1  we put the the thumbtacks and Staples in.
I can only be a smartass, I have depression and have and constantly seeking, a higher education so it's physically impossible to not be a smartass. I've learned respect, but when a person in power doesn't give that back, I'm entitled to not respect them.
I doubt SERIOUSLY he has ever dispespected you. Saying mean things to and about people just because your not the same is not going to help you, them or our country! We have to work together. He's not ur personal enemy and you r not his!
I'm LGBTQ, I've researched about his agenda. I'm legit scared if trump gets impeached. I'd rather have him voted out than pence getting power.
I'm a Hoosier and support Pence 100%
That's a bold statement considering Hoosiers voted him into the vice presidency...
Base base  Base. If u don't have stocks or trade u don't  have anything to brag about stop jacking with the only thing u got going for republicans get ur shit together.
Our medical field blowing the insurance field is out of control. We are all going to end up on govt aid so why do some of us have to go broke to get healthcare? #insuranceBLOWS
Mr. Vice President, 

Thank you for honoring France.

He gave a great speech, nice reference to FDR.  Bravo!
Macron is no Lafette (sp.)
And then he took a big, fat DUMP on both of you in front of Congress! Y'all got played!

what did you have for the great lunch? I wish I were there :)
Vice president Pence. Thank you for the picture. It must have been a beautiful evening. A celebration of Fra.. American friendship

Any minorities invited to this luncheon. The one minority person in this picture appears to be holding a tray suggesting the he wasn’t an invitee but rather an employee of the WH staff!!
If the Dems actually allowed positions to be filled, there would be more. Most of us don't focus on ethnicities,  we focus in job experience or expertise.
Humor me more. There are a lot of minorities that are very well qualified and experienced. That’s not who trump wants serving him. He’s always been a racists at his core.
The word is racist, not racists. Just the fact that you seem so preoccupied by race tells a lot. He had no accusations of such until he went against Dems.
Did you have any freedom fries? Love watching the pendulum of public opinion swing back and forth.
Great
I'm just a brainwashed idiot who thinks that anything Donald Chump says or does is just the greatest or the greatest of the great! If I'm correct that includes, "(Donald J.Trump, "Shoot someone in the middle of Times Square."), and I'll be alright with it! MAGAT!
Where in the Constitution does it provide for TAXPAYERS buying lunch for elected representatives (who work FOR THE PEOPLE)? Shame on the bureaucrats for wasting our tax money. Pay your own way! - we must.
Vice President Pence, Thank you for the picture. It must have been a beautiful evening, a celebration of Franco-American friendship
panormal world paranormal Indonesia, predicted father donald trump winner of the American presidential election
Looking foward to seeing you next week.
Am I the only one who has to turn the sound off when this lying wind bag speaks?
me gustaría conocer la opinión que tiene de Renault.
This bromance is one sided dude!
Is he a real person or just a ventriloquists dummy programmed to speak the most worthless platitudes in a sentence.
MAGA Make America Gag Again
Nunca podran dejar de ser amigos; pues la Revolucion Francesa , y los gritos libertarios en America, asi lo demostraron, y asi seguiran en la historia

We Patriots who are not blinded by hate can't help but notice it's the French coming to the United States offering friendship not vice a versa!
Macron has learned to play this administration like a fiddle. 
Macron will get what he wants (not necessarily a bad thing) & Trump will get his ego stroked. Just looking at the interactions between the 2 men, it appears Macron feels sorry for Trump due to his ineptness & weakness
What world do you live in, it can't be the same one that the rest of us do. More progress made in the last 18 months then in the previous eight years for America
Not
Thank you for all you do
Federal judge orders government to continue DACA and accept new applicants, in toughest blow yet to Trump’s efforts to end program
Theresa May will be upset...

France first ally and first friend of USA?  Let's hope you have not committed antisemitism.  Lol.
President #Trump he knows how to get along with so many countries. He loves #America and #StumpUPCapitalism not #Globalists not #Communist 
Yea yea TRUMPS Horn Blowing again worked a Miracle
They have been friends for a while. He's just glad they have agreed to help more against Isis and the aftermath. If enough other countries agree to clean up the mess left behind, like reconstruct infrastructure, we can leave. One country down, more to go...


Who is a homophobe?
Did they serve Freedom Fries?
Very fun
White Walker that would be President!  Trump better watch his back!
Don’t forget Pres. Macron that American policy on allies is as feeble as @realDonaldTrump brain. When France didn’t support the attack on Iraq you were called surrender monkeys and congress took a vote to change the name of French fries to freedom fries in the Congress canteen
How much did this lunch cost taxpayers?
Macron shines elegance and sophistication, no matter how Victorian and medieval you are, and oafishly boorish Trump behaves. The French president would never allow anything less than a sparkling evening.
the great  sansation  improve  are  two  country  thanks.
Our second Lady was gorgeous at the State Dinner.
He seems ok, but .....
Would someone PLEASE give the stunted Pence and Trump a list of different adjectives to use instead of “great”? It’s banal and pedestrian.
WTF Pence!  Ronny "Candy Man" Jackson??  An angry drunk with no managerial experience??  Did you or Trump even interview this guy??
I hope y’all listen to President Macron about staying with the Iran nuclear deal. Walking away will guarantee another rogue nuclear nation and this one will be in the Middle East. #NoNewNukes
Except for the Paris agreement

Congratulations on what seems to be a good start!!
All you politicians are monsters
Trump will eff that up, like be does with everything else.
Did he grab anyone by the pu$$y?
Lol at this tweet tim but it is just so inappropriate and the fbi is probably watching you also
But really though, lol
How ‘bout that kiss Mikey? 
We love you Mike Penske
So this what cutting food stamp  for American people goes toward lavish luncheon
Did the Globalist hack tell President to stay in Iran agreement or Paris Climate Accord? Looking for America's trillion dollars donation for Corrupt Globalist! Kick that loser out of the USA! Don't let his buddy Merkel in the USA!
That's just hilarious!Bless your little hear for thinking that!
until trump pisses france off like he has other formerly friendly countries.
.
I assume that mr. Potato Head Is You?
If we go to war with Russia or North Korea, France will surrender immediately.
yes we will

You seem to dine out a lot and are always traveling on boondoggles and never get anything done at home
Did you have sandwiches on the WH lawn ?

Ty for this picture.
How did he like his well done steak and catsup. #Klassy
Sure is. Brush some more dandruff off so we can see that strong bond.
The worst America has to offer is all in one room.
Trump is an international disgrace
In your dreams!
Definitely a strong relationship. Let's celebrate.
You must admit there was a "rocky patch" during the de Gaulle years.
Do they need some cage free action. #bikers
http://www.thebrodcastbooth.com/a-brief-history-of-the-brodhead-family-as-i-see-it-the-brodhead-homestead/ …

Captain Luke Brodhead was General Lafeyette's Aid De camp at Valley Forge when he could not speak a lick of English.
Great work! MAGA
Looks like a lot of no shows . Sorry, it’s not macron, it’s pence the dense!
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation Miss Universe 2013 Host #ThomasRoberts
Confirms: YES Trump Stayed Overnight in #Moscow
The former NBC host won’t say IF he has been interviewed by Special Counsel #RobertMueller Here CUMS the #PeePeeTape
#TuesdayThoughts #POTUS Putrid.
#TrumpColluded
Hes al qeda middle east lobylisyt..
The Trump Effect is working. People are climbing out of their PC bomb shelters and rejoicing! Is he perfect? No! But Trump is leading the charge to a more civil world. God Damn! Screw the Left.
Personally dont care who gets the telivised credit of being the inlvater in why our country has mad a minute turn around that is normal stated to the public as being larger than whats actually occuring.
I must need a new phond, becauss this one is giving me jumps and missing letters in word, that make my point almost impossible to understand.
God bless America and God bless France.  The French people get to see how some American's comments have no respect for their free country.

As the grown-up in the room, Macron wants to make sure you, Trump, Bolton, & Pompeo blow up the earth.
I think anyone who aligns themselves w Cinnamon Hitler is: a) foolish b) destined to be let down c) cringingly opportunistic, d) all of the above.
The correct answer is d.
What a bootlicker
That's a super white party you got there
Shouldn't you be in the Arctic, convincing Eskimos that climate change is a hoax.
You are so full of shit. #FakeVP #FakePresident
My aren't we eloquent! Melt elsewhere.
And yet we still have #FoodInsecurity in America.

I’m so glad you had such a great lunch. Too bad it was at the expense of taking meals away from children and the poor.
Did you tell him that you are going to speak at the NRA Convention.  The NRA who supports school massacres.
You think so, wait until trump screws up the Iranian deal and enters in an unholy one  with NK; jeopardizing our relationship with SK, Japan and their neighbors!!#sad!!
Liar, nobody likes you
as soon as Macron stops kissing Trumps Rump  the bromance will end
Macron was no doubt thrilled when #FatDonnie picked at his clothes then threw a tantrum about Iran

How embarrassing for a real leader like Macron to have to pretend the dotard is one too

#JesusKnowsYouLieMichael
Pence’s brother sells weapons to Russia.
Even LGBTQ people in France? I honestly don’t think you support everyone.
Great  get Germany Great Britain Italy sweden Norway  et/al
Hey only republicans there?
Yep, not a single democrat was invited. Total bullshit administration. Just shows that trump isn't willing to work with anyone. Pence is just biding his time till impeachment but then we get stuck with his racist ass.
France is over run with illegals, lets not get to relaxed.
barf fest
The absolute best and smartest diplomacy there is: Friendship and respect!
Nice of you to let one black person join you for lunch.
Wait! I may have counted two!
Has anyone out there Ever read a quote from CREEPY PENCE without mentioning POTUS? Doesn’t Exist!
He's a suckup!!!
He keeps saying “under @POTUS”
Lavish lunches in luxurious settings were a Royal thing, hidden from masses at time leading up to French Revolution. These posts seem exhibitions of a lack of insight into human nature, as it is demonstrating you, as rulers, did not learn and still do not care,  centuries later.
To bad y’all r to petty to invite Dems. Does that seem like the Christian thing to do Mike?
“Cherished bond”?  Tell them to get a room.
Doesn't this so-called potus speak?
Did you eat freedom fries?
I suppose the positions of US and France on Iran agreement, leaving Syria, and climate change are helping to strengthen the bond.
Still #Irrelevant
&Russia was the second ally. As was Spain. Let's support those who want freedom!

How about the Paris climate accord? Or are speaking politically?
At that lunch they had “Macron & Cheese”!
Hey! Don't be making fun of macaroni and cheese.
Please @EmmanuelMacron and @POTUS pay an homage to our king Louis XVI which has decided to help the USA to become independent! Louis XVI was your first ally!
Yes he was. Gald someone finally said something!
Vive la France and god bless America   
How ridiculous! Trump only cares about his own best interests!
Growing ? 
Friends is a loose term, you have no idea what he thinks of trump but one can wager a guess

Ok, where's the evidence?

POLAND was America’s first ally &  America’s first friend

POLISH army supported always America SINCE 1776 where others didn't want  

In Iraq Afghanistan, Kuwait, Jordan, Lebanon, Kosovo, Bosnia, Croatia, Cambodia, Syria, Egypt, Korea, Laos, Vietnam Pakistan Tchad... EVERYWHERE

Save it! Too bad that this admin feels a portion of its own people aren’t welcome at the table. Hollow sentiment
Hopefully, the French never forget this fact of history...Very important
副總統：加油！支持！讚美！陳振生，臺灣，高雄市。
Los Invensibles al Poder
Bunch of crap
Pence seems to have forgotten Republican "freedom fries".
Please step down.  Take drumpfer with you.  
Didn’t Trump’s restaurants in his buildings promote Freedom Fries after 9/11?
That's great Mike.
Hey, where's Mother? @SecondLady
James Shaw Jr.
You honore France Sir and i apreciate it, really ..... but be careful with Macron, he’s not our France...  it’s a snake... sincerely yours
Hey, girl!
formidable!!
#JesusKnowsYouLieMichael
Doo you enjoy wasting taxpayers' money on this silly pomp and circumstance? Maybe you'll have a future as a wedding planner, since you like frilly events so much.

Sr. Me alegra mucho que nos una esta gran amistad por siempre 
