Florida Hospital starts art therapy program for cancer patients http://bit.ly/2pHShcW  
How much time, energy and money is going into arts and crafts feel good therapy so do 
- gooders can say “look what I did”?  Cancer is an INDUSTRY. I can say this because my husband and I are involved with the Pancreatic Cancer division! FIND A CURE!!!
Just imagine how well this hospital will do when you cut Medicare and Medicaid to pay for the #TrumpTaxScam! If people are sick, they won't be able to vote Democrat. Brilliant!
God bless your program.  May the art therapy help to heal people body, soul, and spirit.  Please may I introduce my Biblical counseling website:
“Bible counseling” is effective at curing cancer as Art Therapy.
Before a man can be and be great with good mind and great policies, then he has a wise and a prudent wife to support him.#Behindeverysuccessfulman...
We are watching, Mrs. Pence. Even if the rest are distracted by the confessions of a disreputable woman. We love to see the good that you are doing.
What good?  Instead of advocating for real healthcare reform she advocates second tier “therapies”.
Nice to hear http://you.How  are you?

I think you're assuming that Mike is one of the those Christians who cares about the teachings of Jesus.  He's not.  Mike is one of those Christians who uses the Bible to bash others, while fluffing the pillows of the wealthy and powerful.
I totally agree. I posted that for the benefit of the fools that believe otherwise!
I know.  I wasn't being critical of you.

Reminder that Eric Greitens is a friend and seeming protégé of Mike Pence, with whom he campaigned and met frequently. Now that Greitens is outed as not only a blackmailer but a sexual assaulter, does @VP have anything to say?
Can you get Mikey into some art therapy or any therapy really?
He's gotta lotta issues to work through. 

 
And the full support of Mrs Pence.  #hypocrite #scold
And yet your husband, the GOP, and The President have made it a goal to make it more difficult for people with cancer good care.  Art Therapy won’t help if they cannot afford life-saving medicine and treatment.
You are using your God-given talent to help needy people.  May God increase your anointing everyday!
That's not what they're doing.  Not even close.  Do you really believe that the Kochs and the Mercers give hundreds of millions of dollars to Republican causes as an indirect way of helping the needy?  hahahahahaha

AS #TRUMP CONTINUES 2 DIVIDE & WEAKEN OUR ONCE GREAT COUNTRY @VP PENCE SAYS & DOES NOTHING! HE'S OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE TIME & AGAIN! WAKE-UP! HE'S A DREADFUL HUMAN BEING! WE…
You need mental therapy. You and @VP are 2 sick individuals.
Hey misses pence I'm a fellow Christian also... Trying to get this idea thru to someone who can 
Pass it on.. The Russians hacked 
Killiary because they figured she would win and they wanted something on her.. Had nothing to do with Trump...


It seems like our second lady only thinks cancer patients, children who go to fancy children's hospitals, and select veterans hospitals that look nicer than any I have ever been in are deserving of #arttherapy. Double dare ya to go somewhere with a true need! You're in DC! Look!
Saint Jude & Shriners both help kids and Parents who do not have the finances for medical aid.  Do you (any resist Org) donate to either of those?  I’d bet you don’t . But these are places you should be collecting all the money for & marching for but you don’t, do you?

Implicit in that quote is that, if Ivanka didn't want to date Donny, he'd grab her by the p***** without her consent with his tiny little hands.
thank you.
For what?  For trying to milk the insanity out of her husband each night?
Second Lady Karen Pence, if we invested 10x more on biotech we could find the cure to all diseases in a few years. Politicians who led this effort would get re-elected easily. We would also be able to extend human life.
Very very true but the problem is there's no profits in cures only temporary relieving meds. Still trying to figure out why insulin that has been around for 40+ yrs is $1100 for a box of 5 pens (week and a half) when in other countries it's as low as $48.
Because Mrs. Pence’s husband depends on political donations from people and organizations that profit from the impoverishment and continued illness of the sick.
We loved having you in orlando! Happy Easter!



أستغفر الله النور لذنبي وللمؤمنين والمؤمنات أستغفر الشافي لذنبي وللمؤمنين والمؤمنات أستغفر الرحمن لذنبي ولوألدي وللمؤمنين والمؤمنات اللهم صلى وسلم تسليما كثيرا وبارك على النبي رسول الله وعلى آلة وأزواجة وذريتة وصحبة والمؤمنين والمؤمنات يارب العالمين في العالمين أنك حميد مجيد


Oh look, you're at another WELL FUNDED HOSPITAL! Again, you do nothing substantive with this cause when you don't bring art therapy anywhere underfunded. Enjoy your photo op.
Hi Karen. Asking for a friend, David Dennison: Who would Jesus pay off first - the porn star or the Playmate or the TV contestant? And what would Jesus think of sanctimonious enablers who preach morals at certain people while pretending the depraved are honorable?
I call this "The Prez Ain't alright" #impeach
art therapy #impeach I call this "the Great Impeachment"
#Trump
art therapy #muellerProbe #TrumpcrimeFamily
What did that trip cost the tax payers?
Remember when you and your evil husband marched out of a foot ball game and talked about it for weeks.

Kids marching for their lives.
This happened this weekend in America.
Kids matching for their lives.

The trump regime does not care about kids or Americans.
#ImpeachmentNow 
#jail
 Due process later.

Maybe it's just me, but I think health insurance and science make a bigger difference in curing cancer.
Or is it thoughts and prayers with coloring books? Who can say...
Hey, don't put us therapists down, we're an important part. You'll want a social worker when you need one. But yes, health insurance and science please!



YOUR DAUGHTER LOOKS LIKE DONALDS TYPE!

A marriage is supposed to be between a man, his mistress, a rolled-up magazine, his lawyer, his daughter, his porn star, his publicist, his Russian dictator and his wife.
Stop pretending you care.

So appreciate your Art Therapy being used to help improve people’s lives. Thank you Second Lady Karen! 
You know what else makes a difference? Having insurance.
Karen, your thoughts on the adulterous pig in the WH?
Hey Karen, I'm pretty damn sure you've thought Mike, probably warned him, how to avoid mentioning POTUS in every sentence he tweets. Kudos!!
Since your husband helped kill healthcare and make opoids unavailable, art therapy will be instrumental in helping cancer patients face their bitter, painful end.
Would you be ok if your husband was with @StormyDaniels too? #hypocrisy
I’d check for affairs,
.@SecondLady Did you explain to the cancer patients that your husband & his handler want to take away any funding for their health care, that their lives are meaningless compared to what politicians want to pocket, & that you're buying into it, despite claiming Christianity?
Awesome!!!
@SecondLady 
Blessings and love today @SecondLady  
Maybe you could donate some of your tax break windfall to support this project like God would want you to. But we know you won’t do that and Jesus wept
So exciting! We terrorized the Florida Hospital Cancer Institute in Orlando not too long ago. Too bad my husband doesn't care about sick and poor people. Jesus would weep. Great article about #arttherapy making a difference though! #FTFY #terrorist #bullies #liars #terrorism
Very excited by this program!


Will @flotus be attending? Be sure to #grabthembythepussy
Do not abide an immoral evil man.
You sure do you have your priorities wrong lady.
Keeping Medicaid and Medicare would be nice for those patients also keeping affordable Care act so many protections in it and drug prices
Cross Stitching. My daughter and I are thinking of taking it up.
GO HOME & stop wasting taxpayer money! There's not much left b/c of your GOP Middle Class Tax Rape.


So exciting!  If the cancer patients are LGBTQ do the not get therapy?
Why weren’t you and your husband in Washington listening to those young people.  I am disappointed in how Your matemimics every work an immoral man states.  Sad
Mrs Pencey, I have not the slightest interest in you and your daily activities so I will BLOCK YOU.
And here we have a self-centered douchebag.
They generally feel the need to let everyone at a party know their imperial highnesses have arrived. They may be safely ignored, as they usually are.
Second lady Pence your doing a great job
How? Seriously what have any of them done? Have any of them riled up their sleeves and went and volunteered at a homeless shelter or a food bank feeding the poor? The only time they pay attention to any with less money than them is when they are stepping over them. Fake christian
How does it work for gun shot victims?
Nobody cares Karen! GAWD! 
Get over yourself already!
evvelıyatı olmayan hayatın sonu hüsrandır
Why are you not talking to your own government???
See if they appreciate your foolishness.
I really admire you for all the things that you highlight in our Beautiful country!
I feel bad for you
Like it's a new idea
Stay positive!

Set that bar just a bit higher, I dare you. 
Might just escape the planet's gravitational pull and f right off and away.
Why bother with art therapy and hospitals? 

Why not just have a little pray and let God heal them all?

How many cancer patients are going to lose their health care coverage and decrease in Medicaid thanks to the outstanding job pence and trump are doing making America great?
is that next to the fix the gay program at the hospital?
Stop allowing the food industry to sell food that make people sick, instead of visiting hospitals. If you indeed care about people stop companies like Monsanto from playing with peoples’ health.
We do that in the EU.

Our regulations outlaw many food additives we classify as harmful or toxic that go completely unregulated in the USA.
Now ask yourself why certain political groups (and their financial backers) in the USA might be hostile to the EU....

(Is it because they can't sell their processed poisons here?)
Art Therapy????  Sounds a bit...........gay......doesn't it???  I mean doesn't sound like anything you would be for?  And it doesn't sound like anything your husband would admit to being for, but deep down inside would really, REALLY like??
LOL, I know sarcasm is hard for you Trumpsters to grasp, but I specifically worded that way.  #Moron
Wwwwow, what an astonishing lack of self awareness.
You mean Pence being in denial by not coming out of the closet??  I KNOW, it’s a complete lack of self awareness for him!!
Oh good, so this means you'll work on funding the arts in education, and also putting some effort into ending gun violence so our future artists, and art therapists, aren't murdered in school. Great news!
Only if the Baldheaded Broad actually goes to live in Communist Cuba Cuba’s Regime has been known to execute & imprison Gays & Lesbians just bc they feel like it but America does Not do, but you know I’m just saying. Facts
Not so exciting for the sick that can't afford healthcare, medicine, let alone art supplies. People in the U.S. can't afford to live if they are sick. We deserve not for profit single payer healthcare.
The poor can pray.
Or dead while the rest of the citizens see them and don't do anything
We should be looking out for each other, the United part I'd like to think. Sadly you are the one accurate here.
@PutinRF_Eng @MedvedevRussiaE @KremlinRussia_E @GovernmentRF @RussiaUN

You are so mean Mr Aleem.Shame on America!

And 
BEAUTIFUL AWESOMENESS. A big thank you to our SLOTUS Karen Pence 

Karen pence is a beard!
And you're a fictitious fudge packer. Cheers
If you @SecondLady want someone to come with you & sing to patients, let me know I live in VA & would be glad to help.
Go away
@SecondLady Good Afternoon! Hope you, @charlipence and @realMarlonBundo had fun on your book tour. Your doing an "Awesome" job helping others through your #ArtAndMusicTherapy programs. Prayers you @vp Harley, and your family have a nice evening...God Bless! 

TrumpPence...tuppence.

Because tuppence is all the US will have left when Trump banktrupts it.

After all....he's very VERY good at bankruptcy.
Ooh I can already see the headlines.
"Billionaire president who gets ass on demand, criticized by random asshat".
art therapy
What do you know? What have you told the FBI? Surely you've overheard conversations.

art therapy

#Complicit
Yep can you imagine what they would be doing if it were Obama? Shit they went after Clinton just cuz he lied and said he didn't do it. Trump lies daily and gets a part on the back.
Did you watch Stormy Daniels last night on 60 Minutes? Thoughts?
