#military It is a pride, the military and their families. Thank you.
Thank you mrs Pence you are a beautiful and gracious lady.
You do an awesome job representing our country.
 Your and Vice President PENCE's service to our nation is greatly appreciated.

The NRA is being criticized after it announced that gun advocates won't be allowed to bring weapons to watch Vice President Mike Pence deliver the NRA-ILA's leadership forum keynote address in Dallas. https://n.pr/2FxXbin 
Не знаю причину, но мне как то близка эта умная и красивая женщина.
We have such a wonderful @SecondLady thank you for representing me at home and abroad...Praying for all of our leaders daily...God Bless
Mark my words, the FULL story is ...

Ronnie Jackson was writing prescriptions for uppers and downers for @SecondLady *AGAINST her own physician's advice.*

Karen Pence is a pill popper.
Mark my words, the FULL story is ...

This was because Ronny Jackson was writing prescriptions for uppers and downers for @SecondLady *AGAINST her own physician's advice.*

Karen Pence is a pill popper.

This monument is a symbol & should stand here forever & remind us about the victims of communist totalitarian regime.
Created by famous sculptor A.Pitynski, the statue…
Do you ever met with minorities
Actually they are ALL a Minority, they’re Military Spouses, the smallest Minority in the world! Deal with it! Just Sayin’ #Gopstandupandvote 2018
It's my pressure my admirations all.
Oh but what company you keep Mrs.Pious
Mark my words, the FULL story is ...

Ronnie Jackson was writing prescriptions for uppers and downers for @SecondLady *AGAINST her own physician's advice.*

Karen Pence is a pill popper.
Thank you Lady Karen Pence, you make America Proud.

Ms Pence, beginning to realize your husband is responsible for some of the policies causing such pain & suffering in the veteran community. Will either of you doing something to fix the obama era policies?
https://medium.com/@robertdrosejr/calling-bull-crap-on-story-by-us-dept-of-state-f656aa241820 …

I'm still praying for you both!
@vp
hi anti
Thank You for all that you do. I did not know of your husband before the election. I think the world of him. He will make a Great President. God Bless both of you. Tell him the people are behind him & don't bow to the liberal press & Haters.
Welcome to California, looking forward to welcoming more of the Team. Great Job.
Who cares. Karen??
STORMY thank you for your service
I HOPE YOU GO DOWN TOO WHEN MIELLER PUTS TRUMP IN JAIL

Are you in favor of congressional term limits?
#DrainTheSwamp

Thanking you for all the wonderful programs you are working! You’re a great lady!
I notice you all look the same. Probably all white and Christian. Boring.
Please fire your physician. There is no room on the VP team for someone to undermine President Trump’s nominee. Everyone on your staff owes it to the country to support our president. If they can’t meet that simple requirement- they don’t belong in the White House

You’re doing a great service Karen, thank you and God Bless You too!
Sorry it was so ugly out Come back and visit again soon 
Was @FLOTUS44 @FLOTUS there?
Have you electro-shocked Mikey's genitals today?
Thank you for all you are doing. Truly proud of our Second Lady Pence. #MAGA 
Thank You 
U an trump hate the military
Did you tell them that @realDonaldTrump @POTUS and @VP were willing to put somebody in charge who had NO EXPERIENCE and was unqualified over the VA? WITHOUT any vetting? #Trump picks someone out of thin air, announces them - & then everybody has to scramble to put them in place.
Gay love is beautiful!
Your husband is a closet queen. And a #ChristoFacistHypocrite   #YouCantPrayTheGayAway in prison sweetums.
May the Lord Open
What did Ronny Jackson tell everyone about your “condition”. I won’t tell.
Looks like a meeting of the "Hitler did have some good points" book club.
San junipero
While you were touring here your husband was touring the wall our racist and unhinged President is building. How proud you must be.
You seriously need to fire your Doctor. I highly support that and you know it needs to be done! You're doing a great job, but this is something that is utterly ridiculous.
Great things. Prayers for you, Mrs. Pence
Tell your hubby to research then follow the lead of Spiro Agnew.

Thank you for all you are doing. Proud of our beautiful Second Lady
Think it is great that you met with spouses but I hope you were able to talk to some E3-5 Spouses and not only Sr Enlisted or Officer spouses
Love your shoes!
Thanks for your devotion to our military.   #MAGA
You owe it to all veterans to speak about your experience with Admiral Jackson. If he violated your privacy, and intimidated your Dr when called on it, the people should know.
SecandLady Excellent job
Thank you!
Hi Karen, "many people are saying" John Kelly thinks Donald Trump is an idiot. Do you have an opinion on the subject? @realDonaldTrump
*you're
@MCASMiramarCA @SecondLady Good afternoon. Hope everyone had a nice day. Prayers you, @vp and your families have a wonderful and safe evening...God bless! 
 @USMC @USNavy
So sick of your using people as props.
It's awesome to see MAGA and the spirit of God around the world nowadays.. God bless and thank you @KarenPence
STORMY thank you for your service
We have a very lovely and gracious Second Lady
As a Navy wife, I want to thank you, Mrs Pence 
Thank you Mrs Pence
Thank you so much for being such a wonderful 2nd Lady! God Bless
Why did your husband hire Mike Flynn, knowing he was being paid by Russia and Turkey?
