.@PressSec on deadly Florida bridge collapse: “Our brave first responders are working feverishly to save lives. We will continue to monitor the situation closely, and offer whatever support is needed to the local officials and community.” http://fxn.ws/2FLqlvA  
Flynn, Papadop, Gates, Van der Zwann Flipped. Manafort indicted. 13 Russians indicted, conspiracy against U.S. Pinedo plea fake id’s for Russians.  Deutsche bank. Jr tower meeting. Kush backchannel RU. Nader.  Nunberg.  Mueller knows.  Criminals!
To all of you rude and ignorrant dems talking about Infrastructure, this was NEW construction, and it was undergoing a "Stress Test" at the time of it's collapse, try reading the story before you comment.
It's still a part of the infrastructure discussion, and the funding cuts that lead to shortcuts and mistakes.
The only infrastructure discussion going on here is with butthurt liberals who are still mad about the election in 2016, let's not kid ourselves.
And it's hardly a discussion, more of a mud-slinging contest, nothing constructive or even relevant to the details of this tragedy.
The election was a year and a half ago, yet idiots think that anyone calling out POTUS for the conman that he is MUST have supported Clinton... 

We had 15 other R's to choose from, but we put this idiot in there...
None of those other R's were honestly talking about border walls, immigration reform, getting us out of the many bad deals that we were/are a part of, or deregulation, or repealing the individual mandate, and none were a serious threat to Hillary, so Thank god he won!
And LOL that you think trump was 'honestly' talking about anything... 

So, how's that "Mexico's gonna pay for the wall..." thing going for you?
He's not done, you still have 7 years left:) And Mexico will indirectly pay for the wall, it's not hard to imagine how that would happen, unless you are against Trump, then you could never see it happening, kind of like the election eh?
I think it's funny that you think he'll last seven more weeks, much less seven more years...

Those weeks might FEEL like years though...
Infrastructure was something that Bernie Sanders was pushing. But you and the child president are just out for money and control. You are severely unintelligent about everything you believe, and there’s much more for you to learn. Please leave public until you’re smart.

That’s okay Mikey. Some of them were probably gay so...no harm no foul. Right Mikey?
How's infrastructure week coming along?
That “accelerated bridge construction” promoted by Trump administration and Gov Scott turned out fabulous! Taking it nationwide, baby! Destroying America one life at a time. I hope the families sue he f*ck out of Florida and the Federal Government.
Ignorant comment douche.
Have you met #stormydaniels? Oh and thoughts and prayers to your lifeless contributions to our democracy.
Hickabee Press Conference Reply list. 1. We a reviewing that currently however it is “in process” 2. I haven’t talked to him about that. 3. We are monitoring this situation closely. 4. Uh, uh. 5. I’ll get back to you.
She slaps questions away like a goalie.
Are you drunk
Nope Jimmy I don’t drink. You see Jimmy I’ve been through before with Nixon. His supporters remind me of you. In denial that our president is a bad man. Thanks for your well thought out and articulate reply. You take care.
Ahh so you American. Good. What was Americans other choice? You do remember don't ya? A bad evil women. At least President Trump puts America first making America great again. So proud of him. Unlike obummer. Which I voted for. So embarrassed for that one
Jimmy. You been drinking again?
Trumpo seems too busy trying to demolish the valid investigation into his conduct to worry about anyone else
Good looking out

"Whose this @POTUS You're talking about Mikey? The only situation I want to monitor is my upcoming impeachment. Oh and there's this #FakeNews story about this "Stormy" person, never heard of her.
She is nasty that necklace has to stick only one he owns! Lies for a living should work for FOX
Puts in question the credibility of the past system and probable collusion because of violations history by the contractor and city awarding contract
Aren’t republicans so irresponsible when it comes to money The money wasted in the #GOPTaxScam should have been put toward improving America’s crumbling infrastructure.
Were you Saddened by the bombings in Texas you Toy VP???
Pray is not enough, just start doing anything. Open your eyes, look around, read Bible, Revelation.
All your messages look and sound like "copy and paste" messages" such is your sincerity so fake.
i think whichever god you've been praying to is NOT the right one. your prayers don't seems to be working. try one of the other 3 or 4 dozen gods.
Somebody messed up bid time!
Ban bridges, bridge control!
What an idiotic thing to say. Nobody wants to ban bridges, but I'm willing to bet thatif there is a national bridge association, that they will push for new regulations to see to it that this never happens again. Or is it too soon to talk about it, at all?
Just as they always do, 
NorthKorea broke their  promise 8times and launched missile.

Said the despicable VP who wants even FEWER regulations so his donor masters, the KOCH Bros et al, can make even more money!

Trump is behind these tragedies.
To the aide that does the Vice President twitter, sorry that you have to send out lies and propaganda. Hopefully your boss gets thrown out of office.
Just maybe you will think about infrastructure now.  This blood is  on congress, once again.
So it’s Yrumps fault a brand new bridge being installed collapsed. What an idiot.
@twitter. Jack get rid of this bot.
Prayers go out to all the victims on this tragic bridge collapse . Pray they’ll find more victims alive. 
Time to ban bridges
What an idiotic thing to say. Nobody wants to ban bridges, but I'm willing to bet thatif there is a national bridge association, that they will push for new regulations to see to it that this never happens again. Or is it too soon to talk about it, at all?
Stay away if you really want to help.


Maybe instead of thoughts and prayers, you should spend money on fixing bridges instead of building a wall that we don’t need.
Ty for your prayers Mr. Vice President.
One question… How do y’all sleep at night? #Liars #FakePresident
WHAT'S THIS??? WH open to include temp DACA amnesty in the must-pass spending bill, in exchange for border wall funds. R U for real??? PLEASE, keep DACA and expansion of temporary, non-agricultural H-2Bs out of the spending bill. NO Secret/Backroom deals for Border Wall!!!
Tell me again - what do your prayers accomplish?
Yep, SAD!  Every day is now sad. Did we forget Pulse?  Vegas?  So much for building bridges under budget. Like Trump tower? Shiny on the outside and crumbling everywhere else. I am sad about this. I am also feeling like every day has a tragedy in store for us.
You’re so full of it.
P!
WEST VIRGINIA SENDS PRAYERS AGIAN TO FLORIDA.LETS REBUILD AMERICA AGIAN .RIP GODS COMMUNITY GOT BIGGER
Get those steel mills rollin and let build those bridges stronger!
Thoughts and prayers as usual.  How about $$ for bridges and highways inthe US?   Skip the billions for a Wall w Mexico and put the money into the US.
How does prayer help in these horrible situations?  Why does this alleged god of yours allow innocent people to be injured or killed by a faulty bridge?
this is a failed argument considering heaven is supposed to be better than earth...
POTUS and you should be packing.
Why. He’s got 7 more years
Dream on.
I did it once when everyone was so positive he couldn’t. Can’t see why he wouldn’t get it again.democraps are making it much easier with all this American hating crap they got going
lol As I said "dream on." Alabama & PA says different. Noone is hating America as we love our country & that is why we are fighting for our rights & constitution. But then you wouldn't know about that would you?
John Lithgow did a great job in The World According to Garp but he is equally good here.

Your God is a jerk. He kills people for no reason.
Prayers are up
It shows what incompetents the #GOP are in maintaining infrastructure.
What, no thoughts?
I wonder what DE Regulations precipitated and exacerbated this disaster.!
Always sending out "thoughts and prayers" when something terrible happens, aren't you?  Rather than, I don't know, actually doing something?
Shady contractors that’s #DeptTransportation .
Did you make a statement for the Black people bombed in Austin?
The repatriation money from corporations hoarding their profits overseas was supposed to pay to fix our infrastructure! Your thoughts & prayers again are meanngless when you have the power to prevent these tragedies! Do the right thing & fix our country not give it to the 1%
Yet, unsurprisingly, the remains didn't rise off the victims as a result of those prayers. Strange that eh?
Don't put that shit on me. Just like everyone else, I'm waiting for the GOP to start funding infrastructure. I may be able to turn water to wine but I can't fix broken bridges.
Looking forward to learning about your friend Manaforts involvement wih the construction firm responsible
Trump Jr refused to answer questions.

Sessions refused to answer questions.

Bannon refused to answer questions.

Hicks refused to answer questions.

Obstruction was NOT investigated.

The House Intelligence Committee’s probe is meaningless. Thankfully, Mueller’s probe is not.
Is the being posted by the guy that has a consulting business on the side?
This is what happens when you shrink government and cut back on regulations. Ask West Tx.
@CharlesPPierce
I wonder how many $$$ the City  in charge responsable for that construction stole or not to do so inefficient and insecure construction 
Of curse http://dem.now  accusing the President  they accuse the President even for an eclipse
This couldn't be because all those pesky regulations have been signed away by Trump? Damn those regulations are such  hassle. Sure glad it wasn't any of @christyluxhomes family or she would be talking a whole different tune.
Your “prayers” never seem to help anyone. Maybe because coming from you they are nothing but empty words.
She has no dignity! She defends a metal midget!
So infrastructure is what we need? Too bad, you gave away all the money in the tax law.
운명을 달리 하신 분들께 애도를 ...
Timing is everything. #BuildBridgesNotWalls

#VoteThemAllOut2018 
#InfrastructureWeek
Is your boyfriend available while you’re giving your fake sympathy?  Asking for a friend.

Prayers are not enough. We need a ban of bridges now!
More thoughts and prayers for the victims in Florida from Pence.  When will the Republicans get it through their thick heads it takes more.
And BO never said that right. What "more" did he do for 8 long  years?
I blame Trump n GOP. Stop blocking infrastructure repairs
Hawking passed away. That’s a very big story and tragedy for America and the world.
I’m sure the GOP will blame Obama or Hillary.  Thats the go-to move.
Prayers to those affected
this happened four hour ago
A lot of tragedy in Florida. Is this Karma from the hanging Chads? LOL
#PenceKnew
Prayers ... You skipped the thoughts, went just to prayers. Is it too much to hope that your thoughts are on examining the cost/time saving techniques used to build the bridge, to see if something could have been prevented and should be addressed?
You don't think they're on it? This just happened! Sheez!
Fire the construction company please
And do nothing
What happened to investing in our infrastructure?
Ask the demorats that blocked the spending
This is getting beyond ridiculous. First Republicans refuse to support Obama. Now Democrats Refuse to support Trump. Why can't they just compromise and move forward with the actual goal of supporting the nation?
Well I think DACA participants would say who to blame and nope not Trump as he offered 1.2 or 1.8 million after demorats asked for 800k
You should be saddened by the collapse of Christianity because of your ignorance 
@VP: "I am sorry to heard about an engineering accident that resulted in death."
About 4 @DNC troll spammers with 50 different troll accounts: *Cherry Picking Propaganda Clichés*
Why don’t you convince your POTUS and GOP Congress to spend money on repairing our infrastructure instead of wasting billions on a Wall???
Why did you have to attach a Fox news tweet instead of a potus one? 

Seems strange
Trump TV
@POTUS: "I am sorry to heard about an engineering accident that resulted in a few deaths."
About 4 @DNC troll spammers with 50 different troll accounts: *Cherry Picking Propaganda Clichés*
Sounds like Paul Manafort was involved in construction
This country is fucked. Resignation please
You're a Christian?

So So sad  Praying for all
We should arm pedestrians with collapsing bridges

Instead of "monitoring" how about "investing" a trillion dollars in infrastructure like China is doing instead of trying to sell off to the highest private bidder.
Shut up
Resign
Build bridges not walls
Like Father like son
From what I gather the crane had a load and the line broke, it fell on the bridge, you see the end result. Check for foul play on that line.
Infrastructure much??

I swear to god I have already tweeted this at least twice this year.
Guess infrastructure week will be on the agenda again.
Or not. 
There is NO MONEY for infrastructure they gave it away in their #TaxScam
That's dumb
What is your job again?
You are so full of crap. Really!!
The beginning of the end

https://www.cnbc.com/2018/03/15/mueller-subpoenas-trump-organization-for-documents-about-russia-nyt.html …
#potus #trump #MAGA #news
@realDonaldTrump @nikkihaley @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @Cabinet @newtgingrich @SenJohnMcCain @RandPaul @MELANIATRUMP
Sad?
 Sad is the word I use

Like the used hopes and dreams you wipe your ass with 

And smile 

Mike pence or pretend?

Everyday your have the platform 

Everyday is a wasted day for you 

Seemingly moving through with false claims and empty promises
Show me the card like this 

Shove the card in my face 

But your card is thin 

Your comments 

Your empathy insincere
Your platform 

Or the platform 

I can’t see you

I don’t know you
Prayers are with you
So devastating for the familes..our prayers are with you 
You can have that job under paid Thankless job.I pray for you.
that bridge in
Us know what going on
Is it Infrastructure week still??
Mr don't cover please
You and your fucking prayers....

Why don't you do something about the #InfrastructureInAmerica ???
Thank you VP. Sad day but we have the best team for support #TeamTrump #BestPresidentEver #ThursdayThoughts 
Are you referring to the crackhead that was made economic advisor or the Fox News host put into a high government position. You people live in an alternate reality none of these people are honorable or qualified. CULT!
He’s not a drug user anymore. People heal. People hate like you do too. Lurk elsewhere
a sad occurrence indeed.  what's more sad is the homosexualization of America, take an aggressive stance to blot out this degenerate scourge on this great land.
#Complicit

Deflecting.
twice, and no person who has held the office of President, or acted as President, for more than two years of a term to which some other person was elected President shall be elected to the office of the President more than once. But this Article shall not apply to any
Hey thoses are pretty nifty signs you made. Full false propaganda...just like a good democrat.
in other words LOSERS
Prove it
Read more on @CitJourno’s awesome vault.

I know, I know, “This doesn’t prove squat,” is what you’re gonna exclaim. 

Do your own homework, or wait until Mueller destroys the #TrumpCrimeFamily before replying.

#MuellerIsGettingCloserAndCloser
So you already admit there isn't any proof.

PS, "Global Annihilation" is your best beat.
Thanks. Their is ample evidence which proves Trump and his Org. are guilty. It just has to go through the formal process with zero defects to make it official.
the Constitution by conventions in the several States, as provided in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the submission hereof to the States by the Congress. AMENDMENT XXII SECTION 1 No person shall be elected to the office of the President more than
