
..I'm sad for you.. God bless

Evolution is stupid
Only a complete idiot would deny evolution and embrace a fairy tale.
evolution has its place but does not apply to humans... monkeys would never become humans
How about you learn what evolution is, before talking about it? I mean just a LITTLE understanding goes a LONG way. Here, I wrote this. It's non-technical and very basic, but so far no scientists have told me it's completely inaccurate. So it might help.

https://www.facebook.com/notes/lance-buckley/evolution-creationism-and-wilfull-ignorance/10156446011645287/ …
Not interested

..you need help brother..so watch Kathy lee Gifford on Megyn Kelly today's pram and God bless you

..do you need a job? By your filthy and obscene tweets you need call placed to your mother.

Mr. VP let me apologize for ALL the disrespectful children on Twitter posing as adults no adult could possibly be that full of hatred..


He was a Great Christian Example.


Good bye billy Graham

Graham should never have been laid in state. No religious leader should be.
He was not a religion leader because Christianity it's not a religion and by Christianity I'm no saying Catholics, they are not Christians.


Yes sir Bravo way to go way to go
To God be the glory
This antisemite
Grazis

#Trump2020

fake news
One of the greatest Americans of the past century? Really? On how long of a list? He was wrong about Vietnam & war + woefully behind on #CivilRights & segregation & antisemitism. Then again, you think a habitual liar & bankruptcy-happy grifter is a great President. #GodOfMammon
His body may be in the rotunda, but whatever soul he had is in it's hell.
America, your God lives !!!
He didn't get to bless you.  Poor Mike Pence, in over his head.  We'll see if you're innocent.  If you ascend and keep the white HOUSE.  @realDonaldTrump will be in jail.
Hi Danielle God bless
My Spiritual Son Vice President of the United States Mike Pence ??? I THANK YOU All Very much! GOD JESUS - CHRIST Bless you Amen !!
PENCE, DAILY ENABLING THE WORST PRESIDENT IN US HISTORY.

What a traitor.

Pence, why no action on protecting US elections from the Russians???

Your inaction is making you GUILTY of a lot of things this year - NONE of those things in any way match up to the teachings of Jesus.
#FakeChristians
Without Graham, there would be no culture wars and it's horrifying effect on civil rights, and you wouldn't be around.  So no...Billy Graham can rot in a Hell that doesn't exist.

Billy farewell, you have fought the good fight of faith.
#BillyGraham preached to the white male where women's sole job was to service her male relatives.
Bigger homophobe than you and that's a pretty high bar.
Say Pence...what about telling them about your 12 year affair with a man? We are all still waiting.
Finally!  Something I can agree with you on.
"Separation of church and state": but you don't actually respect the Constitution, do you?
Markets nothing but irrational garbage since July of last year. Wall street rat firms to blame, mass shorting/selling with complete control. Seen it before, they have long forgotten 2008, better not you all
Thank you @VP for recognizing this great leader.
So glad the homophobic phony is dead
I am very sad because he personally blessed me at an event in the  Neckarstadion. He  come home to his father and Jesus . Through his whole  life he convinced millions of believers in Jesus and God.  God bless  America, President Trump and Vice President  Pence.
He was a loser
Total hypocrisy! 
Photo-Op Hypocrisy!

Amen! He just graduated to heaven
The minister who listened to Nixon's antisemitic ramblings & felt no need to disavow them
Um .... 1) he was a bigot, 2) shouldn’t @realDonaldTrump be held to a similar standard?
Billy Graham will be remember for his faith in God. God bless his family. Please pray for the USA.
#WeCallBS
How embarrassing in the 21st century that the US President and his side kick deputy think horrid racists represent the best sort of person. I hope history shows what a mistake you are as it is billy bigot.
I think this is one burial the Angel's of Heaven had attended in US in years.
When do you actually work?
#AmericaFirst

#MAGA
Who should or should've been impeached?
The man who led the Godly peoples left for the Godly Kingdom
He inspired me to become an atheist. Very inspiring.
Did he have any thoughts on Stormy?  Do you?
Good riddance the world is free of yet another #FalseProphet preaching the word of a #FakeGod!
It was such a beautiful ceremony this morning. He will truly be missed. 
Stop your groveling, Pence.  Rev. Graham was on the wrong side of history more than once, certainly when it came to civil rights and anti-semiticism.
He was a putz.
I bet his crown he received in heaven is tilted because it's so heavy. He will always be a great man of God and now he went home to be with our Lord. Great job good and faithful servant! 
America's Pastor! There was a guy today gave his life to Jesus while watching the service at the capitol today! Rev Billy Graham is still winning souls!!

Greatest Americans? Did you jerk him off in the casket, too? Talk about hyperbole and bullshit..
And thank god he is dead.
The rotunda in the Capitol is not for viewing the bodies of non-statesmen. He should not be there.
Guess you’ve forgotten what he said about the Jews. You know, you’re best friends in Israel.
Thank you Mr Vice President and your wife for being there God Bless you both
Homophobes of a feather and all that jazz.
There is NOTHING more sickening than a politician hiding behind religion for self serving reasons and pretending to be a http://christian.You  are as corrupt and as twisted as they come and your true you will come to light.Also work on the fake sorrow/concern/dedication face.
The sexist, homophobic and AIDS phobic “christian”.  Such billshit.
Please remember that this country’s founders created the Establishment clause in the constitution, to ensure that no religion (Christian or otherwise) would be favored over another.
In memoriam,
pioase amintiri.

   
Dude was a disgusting homophobic piece of shit with bad opinions and used his faith to be a relentless asshole. Good riddance.
Billy Graham was an anti Semite.
God Bless Dr. Billy Graham, he finally is home with his wife of many years Ruth, and most important he has touched the hand of God ..... thank you for your many years of service Dr. Graham.
He didn’t even come close to being the greatest American of the past century. Give me Einstein’s science to Graham’s snake oil any day.
And how the F did he get to lie in state in the rotunda?????
Billy was a piece of shit. So of course Trump applauds him.
Heavens above can no one put aside their hatred and bitterness for each others beliefs and just let those who want to honor this mans life and mourn his passing!
A great man !!
he was not that great. homaphobic vile man just like you.  we need to stamp out homaphobic people no place on this earth for them.

Please he was just a man, full of faults, took money from the poor, selling tickets to haven. Once said Gays should be castrated. So let’s not make him holier than thou.  He’s full of faults just like you
Dude was evil
Truly. And so is Pence.


And you continue to turn a blind eye to the treasonous actions of your boss, @realDonaldTrump.
Does separation of church and state mean anything to you?
There will never be another pastor like him.
any sanctions for Russia coming?  the bill was signed into law in August 2017!
I hope my tax dollars didn’t pay for that funeral
He gave great HOPE in Gods truths to us all, Blessed we had him 
BILLY GRAHAM 

Let's be honest, he saw a way to make money, and that's why he became a preacher, "a MILLIONAIRE preacher". Preachers shouldn't live off the poor, own mansions, private planes, and take expensive vacations. You call that a great American? What a joke you are.
Amén! !!
A bigoted prick just like you Mikey.
F U and F Billy Boy
Superstar Billy Graham
Annnd...he was a homophobe, just like you.
Always groping in the dark.
Billy Graham was an asshole.
Graham was a hypocritical hatred filled man. Condemning others to hell. Hope he enjoys his time with Satan now

Shut up.  Go find MOTHER.
America’s Pastor #BillyGraham a vessel unto honor, committed to holiness.
So a man, who bilked his followers out of millions of dollars to become the richest televangelist, even beating out Joel Osteen, gets this bull shit?? Well guess a thief is appropriate laying in the rotunda, God knows enough of them have been laid there! What a fucking joke!
Spiritual leader of the white Anglo-Saxon protestant Country Club circuit has passed away - after hoarding 25 million dollars of his prishners donations - going to meet his maker.  Having not used that money for any good at all. Humm, is he going up or down?
Keep the Faith All WILL be Well
FFC (fake fucking Christian) explains you to a tee!
May God bless his family and give them peace
Man made religion, Catholic or Baptists, has raped, pillaged, and plundered its way through centuries. You should be ashamed.
R.I.P.
Reverend Billy Graham
When you’re done with your moment of silence perhaps you can tell US when you knew Flynn was lying.  #PencePutin
#MikePence last year denied that the #Trump campaign got in touch with #WikiLeaks.But #DonaldTrumpJr admitted he had been in contact with WikiLeaks, which worked with Russian hackers who stole emails from the Democratic Party.#PenceKnew = #PeterPettigrew
It would be so funny if we started to regulate men’s balls as much as you try to regulate our vaginas. You always try to sound holier than thou but EVERYONE KNOWS YOU ARE ONLY LOYAL TO $ and the PATRIARCHY.
BEAUTIFUL 
Nobody could or would, want to argue with that, his achievements in spreading the message of Christianity wherever he went, compares to that of the Biblical Disciples. #NoOrdinaryJoe
Today we heard the PRESIDENT MILLIONS OF US VOTED FOR BECAUSE HE PROMISED TO DEFEND THE SECOND AMENDMENT...

DECLARE HE WOULD CONFISCATE PEOPLE'S GUNS WITHOUT DUE CAUSE!

WTH IS WRONG WITH HIM?
"I mean, not all the Jews, but a lot of the Jews are great friends of mine, they swarm around me and are friendly to me because they know that I'm friendly with Israel. But they don't know how I really feel about what they are doing to this country.'' Graham to Nixon 2/1/72
And Hope Hicks told that she has to tell #WhiteLies to work for the @realDonaldTrump adm. Mike, you need to check your Bible on that one. #HopeHicks #AnotherOneBitesTheDust #flipping

He will be remember, our thoughts and prayers to his family.
He was that. As young girl my Bible study  with him was great. He mailed you back a new one each time you finished one. Even getting mail was cool. Thank you VP & President for putting God back in our America front & center
Thank you Vice president Pence. Your doing a great job.
الصلاة والرحمة
You keep believing that mike, now he’s gone we’ll most likely start hearing some semblance of the true person and i imagine its not going to be pretty if that jihadist child of his is any indication of “moral” character
Take your Christianism and put it where you really want it.
His words were so inspiring that it made you voice your concerns to increase the military and it's spending.
separation of church and state?

Graham was evil. As all televangelists are.
He also abhorred the very idea of the #theocracy you so adamantly desire.
RIP Billy. I know heaven is going to be better place with you residing there. You will be missed. I can hear God saying well done faithful servant.

Billy Graham was Nothing More than a Money-Grubbing Charlatan.
Billy Graham is the opposite of Pence.
Alışmak kolay gelecek emin olun
伟大的美利坚，人类的希望！
Fuck you and that antisemite billy graham!
$25 million dollars stolen from the desperate, the poor and the dieing.
Graham took took took and gave nothing but false hope.
He was a Devil HELL bent on profiting. A FALSE PROPHET.
May he Rest In Peace but he does not reflect my value system. He does not deserve this honor. Separation of church and state.
