Karen - asking for a friend: After extramarital affairs, who would Jesus pay off first, the porn star or the Playmate. And what would he think of the enablers who cling to power by fawning over the depraved and immoral and indecent?
Hypocrite!
Oh good...the kids taught you to spell " Cat"
Oh! You learned something?
Love what you and Mike are doing.  Representing our country and of course Columbus Indiana proudly.  We love you and appreciate what you are doing to continue making America Great!!

Marilyn Harter ( A good friend of Nancy’s)
Karen - Have you learned that your husband #LyingPence is a criminal who will go to jail for a long time?
Did you learn that this administration is bought and paid for by Putin?
OMG.  Do u know how ridiculous you look?

Typical liberal look..........double standard hypocrisy.

Chardonnay sloshed beast of a bit$& who can’t walk down stairs.  She needs to get her health together.  Oh and SHE LOST.  Get over it.



Obviously nothing or you would sit in the oval office now, demanding answers #FakeChristian
Did they talk about President Trump's 10 years of tax returns he promised. Did they talk about the school children blown apart by high powered assault rifles. Did any of them review the autopsy reports & know how a corner instantly knows a gun wound from an assault weapon wound?
Seek the truth behind all medication!!
CDC stop doing long-term testing way back in the 1970's! If you take prescription pill, you are the study!
Q has unleashed  us patriot's for the Truth,
The whole TRUTH! DOCTOR TOLD ME 20 years ago, anything MAN MADE ,you consume is POISON!
Mother, what you should have learned is that medical care is expensive and many children don't get health care because of it. This negligence and a continuation of doing nothing, is incongruent with you and Mike's supposed religious convictions.

You must be so proud your husband works for this man.  I think he has broken every commandment and has conned you all... so you bare witness with the false profit?  jesus isn’t gonna be happy about your actions!
You are doing a wonderful job, we are very proud of you!!
Anna - Who would Jesus pay off first, the porn star or the Playmate? And would he mock a disabled person and brag of sexual assault before or after
Superb

Wasting more taxpayer money. There isn't that much left after your GOP Middle Class Tax Rape.
Just go home & stop wasting our money.

The family of slain Democratic National Committee (DNC) staffer Seth Rich filed a lawsuit on Tuesday against Fox News and two of its staffers for publishing a story tying Rich’s death to a conspiracy theory.
Stormy Daniels friend describes listening in on her phone calls with Trump
 you learned, mother??
What did you do on your summer vacation?

If you cared about children, you wouldn't have voted for Trump. #Trumpyourefired
It's interesting how demons can express themselves through the human personality your curse I'm president Trump proves the point
Did you learn that great hospitals like this exist because they believe that EVERY child deserves the best chance to overcome the challenges handed to them?
REGARDLESS, whether they can afford it or not. 
Helping those less fortunate, whose idea was that?
Trump budget seeks huge cuts to science and medical research, disease prevention - The Washington Post
Trump's proposed 2018 budget cuts to NIH, CDC, FDA, HHS backlash - Business Insider
Trump's proposed budget would cripple the NIH and FDA
The Trump administration is quietly dismantling the Affordable Care Act, taking a series of regulatory steps that will make it easier for insurance companies to sell plans that exclude patients with preexisting conditions or don’t cover basic services. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/2/22/17033588/trump-obamacare-preexisting-conditions … …
“What if Republicans had started with ‘how can we help people?’ instead of ‘how can we repeal our enemy’s legacy?’”
our brains are wired for music.but be careful ,rythm opens you up to the subliminal .
Do not abide an immoral, evil man.
#LetStormySpeak #StormyDaniels #PenceIsComplicit
I am excited that you bring art therapy to the forefront, too. The patients who need it also need insurance and the therapists need help with the licensing requirements that vary state to state.
I love that you are active and public in helping #MAGA!!!
.@SecondLady Christ, are you in grade school? Maybe in September you can write one called "How I spent my summer vacation."
Thank you, Mrs. Pence, for your service. I can see the kindness in your eyes...
Manafort picked Mike Pence to be @VP.
Paul Manafort faces 305 years in prison http://cnn.it/2tSCXQ7  
I need your help please Shawn
Was it that your husband is corrupt and traitorous?
Or was it that your husband doesn't care about this  because #money
7,182 kids died to gun violence in the US since 2012 and Sandy Hook

Here are their shoes.
 https://www.pscp.tv/w/bXgCzTFWR1F2cXF4Tm5sRU98MWpNS2dxbHBrVldKTGi1AIHh-jmiArTjxH0c1WCtXlivsSCSSkzaQIblc2gv …
Thankyou for all that you do.God bless you 
Now here's a fine lady I can follow on Twitter
:)
#FakeChristian
Did you learn that no one deserves to die because they can’t afford health insurance?
If that bad move to Pa. If you can't afford your own that means you'll meet income guide lines and the state will give you health insurance. I don't know a sole that Don't have it .
Keep up the great work... many blessings upon all you do and say in Jesus name amen
You and Pence don't get it.  Please stop ruining our faith.
That children need insurance too?
RIP CHIP
Did you learn that healthcare was made less accessible to lower income families? Did you learn how the education system is taking funds from public schools and giving it to private and religious schools?
Thank you
Why is she a disgrace?
Thank you so much to our second lady doing such a wonderful job these programs are so important thank you
