Nice window treatments. Washington, D.C.'s largest homeless shelter, D.C General, will stop taking families this month to prepare for its closure later this year. Invite them over to play BBall? Or help to get them window treatments? Or shelter?

AMEN!!! ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL!!! 
Does mike call you mother during sex or is sex too dirty for you two?
Hi
Almost 60,000 American families are homeless. What are you doing to help them have any home, let alone one with 33 rooms??

"a beehive"..you are so "real"..I love this administration's women ! The type women made the USA the best

Awesome pictures except for the bee hive lol
I may like you, I may not. But who am I to stand between you and your happiness. Go on...enjoy life!
A woman’s touch!
Groovy....just fuckin' groovy
Don't move in. RESIGN TODAY. You are a Christian Terrorist

Greitens is @VP BAE too. Mother doesn't watch when the boys are together. 
Wishing you happy memories there & God’s blessings.
With all of your decorations I hope you can find time to manage the conversion therapy program for perverts that like whores pee on them.  Also, just for a clarifucation...how many of the 10 commandments are left in your church????
Haters will believe anything that fits their own perspective! I bet you could not name the 10 commandments let alone obey them! Pence is a good God fearing man, and you hate that!!! MAGA!!
Imagine.. a Hoosier with a basketball court...
to hell with your bloody curtains and basketball court never heard of make do and mend what was wrong with the previous curtains and why do you need a bee hive and basketball court.SPENDING FOR THE SAKE OF SPENDING AND NOT YOUR DOLLARS YOUR COUNTRY'S DOLLARS
Love the Hoosier touches you all installed! As a beekeeper I’m glad that the VP is encouraging agriculture through owning beehives!
How nice for you when so many children and seniors go with out food and healthcare, so many vets go without everything. Guess you can buy a lot of craft supplies with your tax break, middle America can’t buy the basics even with 2-3 jobs
Karen, God Bless you and @VP . Any comments on @POTUS banging a porn star and paying her $130K hush money?
Beehive! Awesome! Beeing a Bee is a Risky Beesiness. They are an endangered specie; if they seize to exist, man would soon not to exist.
SOS for VENEZUELA
Glad for your new residence. Enjoy it, you deserve http://it.Love  you both.
MAGA
Beautiful home!!! Karen’s decorating is STUNNINGLY BEAUTIFUL 
Thank you for making us proud!

http://www.sudski-tumac-beograd.com 
Not for long. Your husband is as guilty as Trump. Maybe more so. Why did Manafort insist on your husband being VP? We'll know as soon as he flips soon. Manafort won't want to spend most of his remaining years in prison.
I feel so sorry for you as you have put up with this homosexual far, far too long to enjoy your temporary power. Get used real fast to being a nobody again to becscorned by the masses wherevervyou go. You have suffered and I hope you find a man who actually enjoys sex with XY.
Great...
Now let's have a cup of tea and discuss how the President cheats on his wives with porn stars.
Thank you Lovely & Gracious Second Lady Karen and VP Pence for Serving and Representing America. You and your family embody the magnificent idealism of American life.
Good Morning Karen and Thank you for sharing your beautiful family home with us. Your home reflects your beauty, kindness & warmth.
Beautiful home! 
The bills comes first $21 TRILLION DEBT.  People are hungry, homeless, and sick in America. Boasting Sting
Why didn't y'all tell that to the Obamas???  They caused more homelessness in America than any other President ever
Send your proof to support that claim. I’m betting there isn’t any...
Wow, tone deaf!.
God Bless the Pence Family  Amen
Wow.  New curtains?! Really? LOL.
You two deserve everything beautiful!!! America Loves you 
http://www.dcbeekeepers.org/beekeeping-and-law-dc …

was a basketball court needed waste of money
I have a basketball court.... and I'm middle / lower class.  Come on... seriously.
good for you, you had a need for it i am sure and you paid for it, I didn't have to pay for yours with my taxes
May God continue to bless The Pence' Family in every way possible. I know America is very greatful to have Your' Family in Our' Government's Leadership. So glad God is once again recognized in Our Nation's Capital. If we ever needed Him, we need Him now. Thanks for your' support


You and your family deserve this.
Thanks for supporting Potus&Flotus.
God bless you all.
Why?
So peaceful, serenity and beautiful. Very nice to be able to do a lot of good things at ordinary times and assistance to Vice President sir as good way, so I'm great respect of you madam, and your job is great. Also God bless you and VP Pence. #MAGA 
With all do respect madam, but who the hell cares about your damn curtains and basketball court! The whole damn country is falling down around us and this is what u tweet about? How bout telling ur husband to stand up to Trump b4 we all go down!! Damn shame!
You precious family are doing a great job! I am proud of VP Pence and his family.
Please don’t pay attention to whiners and complainers, people frustrated because they don’t have joy in their families.. let’s pray for them and share Jesus Christ to whom may receive him.
U R loved
Sure, keep those lovely curtains closed so you and your homophonic husband don’t have to see the steaming pile of dreak you will forever be associated with. #Complicit #ConMan #ConWoman

Brava to Rachel Kaadzi Ghansah on winning the Pulitzer Prize for her epic work: “A Most American Terrorist: The Making Of Dylann Roof.” This woman has a mighty mind and a vital voice. Applauding wildly for her today! …
Love you Mrs. Pence.
You are doing a wonderful job. We continue to pray for you. Congrats on your curtains and basketball court. Beehive?
Hello
Glad to pay for it.

Middle class paying MORE in taxes, while the wealthy pay less.

And they enjoy more GOLF at the club.
How much did that cost us taxpayers?
Must be nice.when the elderly have to choose food or meds.always spending http://money.no  wonder we cant give SS.a decent raise!! S o enjoy the new things at your gov.supported home!
Cool #KarenPence...we love you and our beloved #VP, we appreciate your class and manners you bring to this high calling #GOD is good...
It's  a Beautiful House ,You are so Blessed, Enjoy it.
That is nice to hear Karen,  I'm very pleased to know. Thanks for sharing.
https://twitter.com/BROMBEERBABAK/status/985876806644523008 … …  trump should be juged after his deeds and i think he have done a lot of good deeds. A reading recommendation about russia and syria.
Youn and VP try very hard to ignore the truth what is going on in the WH. At least tweet your opinion. Not about curtains.
Sounds like government welfare to me....
Seriously, Karen? You do realize that your base is begging for food, right? How about taking those tax payer dollars used to decorate your home and @WhiteHouse and helping to feed people in WV and other struggling areas?
Sell everything you own live in poverty and give to the poor...  then criticize
As a fellow beekeeper, good luck keeping them alive with all the wonderful agrichemicals out there and the clearance and deregulation of newer ones.
BEAUTIFUL!!!

"I'm very highly educated. I know words. I have the best words." (Uncensored Profanity - Rated R - NSFW) 
Heppi Prima foto
Nice
But no gays, right Mikey?


Nice
Mr. & Mrs. Pence. You spoke up for Charlie Gard. #AlfieEvans & his parents could *really* use your support right now. It's quite urgent. @realDonaldTrump @VP
Undiagnosed #AlfieEvans looking up at his daddy TODAY, 4/16/18 
after court ruled he cannot leave hospital and must…
#whocares
Beautiful
Are you humbled that your husband @VP  swore his loyalty to this guy @realDonaldTrump ? Think he sends his bunnies to your hubby?
Who cares? You didn't when Clinton was in office.
Very nice very nice good job
The most dignified vice POTUS and vice FLOTUS ever
Second Lady Karen, thank you for championing Art Therapy as a career.
@vp we know what your deal is with this shady garbage ... mueller knows all.

Looks beautiful!  God bless you and your family.
And a bunny.

So where's the post when Obama dropped leaflets a week before he bombed??
#Whataboutism
Love and prayers
Humbled? 
Yawn.
Wow Mother... You are Literally  rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic as ice and water swamp the bow. Thanks for sharing.
And the band played “Nearer My God To Thee”!
Still #Irrelevant

Now ya just need a new hairstyle & you're all set! LOL Truly, luv Karen so much but that 6th grade Do has to go.
How do you and Mikey feel about @realDonaldTrump personal affairs? I mean, that’s definitely not indicative of a ‘good Christian man’. I definitely don’t want your husband in charge, but at least he doesn’t have a cheating scandal.
Well where the heck is the photo of the basketball court? You did a beautiful job.  You are An inspiration to many children and adults that just need that little extra help that a lot of people don’t understand. God bless you, keep it up!
Trump n pence will face karma!!!
Instead of buying curtains, you need to purchase some updated clothing 
 wow

I love new curtains, make the rooms look fresher!
Love the wall paint color
Got all the goodies now at the cost of us hard working tax payers, yet I can't get health insurance that will pay for my wife's insulin. Thanks for nothing and giving it to us in abundance.
Love this period of furniture

It would not be your home for long....
Hi, Mrs Pence..I just want to say hi and let you know that If you ever need to talk to me you can...I also work for the whitehouse..secretservice, fbi, head
  of fbi, head if security council, head  of the state, duchess of italy, Maffioso #1
The Cheeto's obviously sedated.  Are you officially in charge, or is it just an understood thing?
33 rooms and not a single one for the homeless. Very Jesus of you.
Probably not for long. Don’t unpack completely just yet. no more letting trump be trump. Enough! #IllegitimatePresident #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Mother
MOTHER! Tell your children not walk my way, MOTHER...ohhhh Mother!!!

It’s so nice Mikey can have his friends over for a nice game of basketball. Just make sure they don’t stain those new curtains.
What kind of person says things like that!  You!  Morally corrupt!
Now that comment sounds judgemental ...I will pray for you..
Thank you for the bee hives, since bees are becoming more rare do to disease.
A refreshing article.
Nice....God Bless you and this country that you serve. 
https://www.facebook.com/humanrightscampaign/videos/10156341914938281/ …
Oh fantastic Karen. That's just fantastic! With the curtains and the bees and the basketballs! Way to go!
That is just so fucking special! 

Minimum is two hives. Better get professional help.
Love our Vice President and Karen
Just what @jesus would do!
Jesus loved him some new curtains!

Very nice :)
Enjoy yourself, lunch is on us. 
So is security, transportation, gardening, lights, water, and everything else you can suck from the taxpayers’ teat.
Could use a beehive at my house. Past few years less & less bees to pollinate the flowers.

what a joke. you're picking out curtains and this admin is falling apart. all of us are in danger, at the mercy of a criminal. ugh. Enjoy the beehive and the basketball court. meanwhile, the gap between the rich and the poor widened thanks to the tax scam
Wasting more taxpayer dollars
Beautiful
Does is bother you. As  #Christians to stand next to a man who said he will #grabthembythepussy  and pays #pornstars and playboy playmate. It should bother you. #NotMyPresident
Did you hear what Biden said to Al Sharpton....sheesh...https://www.facebook.com/FoxNewsInsider/videos/1746329455461739/UzpfSTg2ODIxOTQzNjYwNDU3ODoxNzM1ODc5NDQzMTcxOTAy/ …
Not long now courtesy of Michael Cohen and Robert Mueller
Don’t get too comfortable, Mama. Your man is going down with the shithole ship.
Don’t get too comfy.
Beautiful.  Love the bee keeping.
Have you considered that you are supporting Antichrist?
Mother unnecessarily spending more of the taxpayer’s money.  Must be nice.  What’s the price tag on THAT!?
Looks great, hope you could get the Biden smell out of it. :D
Like Petit Trianon? Next thing you know she will be asking why the poor don’t eat more cake...
I hope so! ZFUCK THE POOR AND YOU TOO!

Ms. Pence aka @SecondLady with all due respect.  You seem like a nice lady, why is your husband such a #Magasshole ? He must know who he worships.
Don’t think so.
Your husband works for Satan's minion. What did he know and when?
Spoken like a true #stepfordwife
While many suffer without healthcare because of your husband and his boss. Yeah you have it great living off the taxpayer
GOP mega-donor jumps ship, begins giving to Dems http://hill.cm/YtwfKQ3  #BlueWave2018
Would love to sip tea with you in your beautiful sunroom! Gorgeous!
You made it a beautiful home.  Great taste.  Love your art!
VERY Beautiful! I'm soooo glad you and your family and in that home and THANK YOU for all you are the @VP are doing for America/Americans! We love you!! 
Happy we can provide you and your grown children such a nice 33 room house to live in while your husband and Donald discuss ways to limit welfare for the poor. And it has a bee hive too, how quaint. Who pays the bee keeper? I bet you and your husband don't.
Don’t get too comfy. #MuellerTime
Grow up.
You’re going to move
Maybe to the White House!
Irrelevant.
This is a cool look into the VP residence. Any chance I could ever join the Bible study if I’m in town? I think that alone would be worth a trip and I have a ton of @SouthwestAir points saved up.
You need to plant some flowers for the bees! Maybe there is hope for the planet. Can you speak to trump? The environment matters!
temporary
Honored to have you residing in it
curtains? what about Barbara Bush..
People are dying in America and suffering extreme injustice everyday. Don't talk to us about your curtains @SecondLady
Sounds legit
https://lm.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.slideshare.net%2FAdalbertoCervantesRo2%2Fayd-censjai4652018-adalberto-cervantes-rodriguez-4162018&h=ATOvTFqCvW9Xj68AQtMFwUQtDbGeqMJFF2us4AbgMtFX159xJi-w3aBngVclDulmHrjw1KbGDyTegJU71c4kjlmUO1Ebr5qBgVzH112TE7hugQcDHUa-lyyGnimvfxFsniKogQkpzc8UMaIDKKFJTWFmxht1oeUzbGMbrTzvwRlT7oTFuadXhiCHTUZdrERtclrCvcVxNhuf_vieofMHt8bNTkQd2o7RP3HV-gF62ysQ_3uu3cz4Zrvm7-aWxF3ZsbgcS498ViOp4Qv1cvN8gxXBcm9OpsjEnsI9o0kGNqE6iMqTlRRhNT_E2__5MBXA1geUjZZs3tmyvnEy-4EvbTeCTfltWP34QtcSZzVYlg …
All politicians should pay rent! The rest of us Americans do. Need more affordable housing. Not right that vets r living on the street and u people living rent free. Drain the swamp.
Patrica please try to understand why some vets are homeless. I promise you it is not because some politicians are paid in the form of free rent. Politicians on either side are compensated as agreed just like all employees.
If your compensation was your salary, plus health care.
Please go back to Indiana soon, Mother.  Your husband is a criminal for lying for Trump.
Please address your cards and letters to:

@VP
Mayberry RFD

Where everyone is white, straight, and all married couples sleep in twin beds.
You r an amazing woman with a great man! This 100% Disabled Vietnam Veteran female soldier adores you and your husband! You both give me faith!
