#USArmy Reserve Soldiers from the 479th Engineer Battalion, 411th Engineer Brigade, 412th Theater Engineer Command, and U.S. Army Soldiers from 1st Army speak with the 220th Public Affairs Detachment about their connection to their children for…
Wish I could give his a ton of hearts.

Thank you

Abbie The President & First Lady , Vice President & Second Lady are A Great Team. America is Blessed to have them leading our Country! We who Voted Still Love them & thank God every Day for Them!

How sweet to remember the children of our military!  Thank you for being there in our place.
 BEAUTIFUL  We Love Our Brave. Be SAFE. Thank you
Thank you to those military children that give so much! Prayers for you and your parents!

What is a disgrace in America is that self righteous people like you put an immoral POTUS with a mental problem and a Pottty Mouth in the WhiteHouse.

Why are you directing hate towards someone else for Potus and Flotus actions and speach ?
She thinks she can hide the fact that she is RESPONSIBLE for this deplorable situation by praising a serial sex molester and a soft porn lesbian model while damning those who speak of it. Most intellectually dishonest!
Excellence
@SecondLady , I was wondering  about you yesterday. 

However,  I relaxed.
Thinking, Sis. Pence is probably on a much needed  vacation. 
You and @VP are always in our warm, thoughtful prayers.

Love you.
Choice blessings and love today,  precious saints of GOD.
Soldiers are nothing but disgusting murderers. No war in history has ever been fought for good reasons. Always greed and power. Soldiers are complicit!
U r in american
Excuse me? I can’t quite make out what you’re saying. Did you mean to ask “are you an American”? No, I’m not a US citizen.
Prestigious!
America is thankful to have VP  AND KAREN PENCE serving in office. Wonderful Christians .
Thank you Mrs Swan!

This is precious!   True heros make Americans proud! #GodBlessAmerica
"Remember sitting in history, thinking “If I was alive then, I would’ve…”

You’re alive now. Whatever you’re doing is what you would’ve done." -@slack2thefuture 
You are failing.

Reminder that Eric Greitens is a friend and seeming protégé of Mike Pence, with whom he campaigned and met frequently. Now that Greitens is outed as not only a blackmailer but a sexual assaulter, does @VP have anything to say?
"Sexual sexual sexual..."

Do you mean "erotic sexual" or "baby-making sexual"?

All I see AND AVOID is that word "sexual" because "sexual" is how to make a baby

Sexuality is not controversial enough but does it belong talking to a government person directly?

Sex sex sex

BAH!!
Hypocrite
Chlorpyrifos hurts the brain and lowers IQ, especially in kids, who also experience tremors due to the chemical. It's been linked to everything from cancer to Parkinson's. A study found the chemical in 87% of umbilical cord blood. Trump reversed its ban. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/28/opinion/sunday/chlorpyrifos-dow-environmental-protection-agency.html …

Oh Mother, where have you been? You do know you’re married to a gay man, yes?
You and your husband are despicable.
Sold your souls.....you knew all the time and pretended....NO CHRISTIAN HERE....
Thank you to all that serve and sacrifice for our GREAT NATION! May God richly bless you and your families! Stay safe!
Godbless....peace in the world....beautiful women Karen Pence..

#GodBlessOurTroops
Can I make a suggestion of a program you should create . I would like for you to create a program that supports music and art programs not just in California but in all the United States I feel music and art save lives same with theatre
