Silence kills babies

 Speak out against abortion

Over 3,000 abortions a day in this country. That is over 1,000,000 of our #angels that will never have the chance to see daylight each year! 

#TinyLivesAtStake
#ChooseLife
#ProLife
#DefundPP
#EndAbortion
How many children will yo adopt this year?
I wouldn’t open my legs if I wasn’t ready to have another and provide for them....
Did you know Dana you CAN open your legs and not get "with child"? Were you not taught about  birth control or were your parents to ashamed and embarrassed to talk about sex with you?
Pretty sure it was a figure of speech. Her point was she wouldn’t kill an unborn baby.
Hey @trumps_wolf another libtard that doesn’t use grammar properly. So anyways V, yes, I do know about birth control. Apparently the people that use abortion as a method, were never taught about it. Point is, DO NOT open your legs, WITHOUT expecting to get pregnant. 

Sleep for the angel for now
He stole money from community churches and their charities.  The bastard.
Grateful 2 have seen Rev. Billy Graham when I was young & had already set my life 2 following Jesus Christ. His voice/eyes touched millions.
he certainly was NOT
Eternal rest be with Rev. Graham. Amen.
He will still impact millions! Even after his passing! 

@Franklin_Graham
Yes, millions of gay people he thought were sinners will always know what a bastard he was to God's children.
Yes sir and so are you, one of the greatest to me and dearest to Jesus!
Sweet !!

Yes, he impacted their wallets. People gave and he got rich.

As a fellow Christian, he was no better than any of us. God used him like He uses all of us, but we're all sinners, all deserving of hell for eternity. It's all about Jesus Christ. We must abide in Him, and He in us. We need more courage and boldness to preach the gospel today!
I don't listen to False Gods
God bless his soul, America, President Trump and Vicepresident Pence and their families.
So tired of the pandering
So why don't you learn from his being humble and staying out of politics. Go back to Sunday school. There is a difference from sitting in a pew and actually having faith. You don't have faith. If u did your words wouldn't be so hateful!


SadlybU never learned about the TRUE WORDS of Jesus. Just UR FAKE Jesus & the fake things some false prophet has taught U
Shut to the up mr. pence!
He gave messages of hope to so many people, he was like a lighthouse on a dark sea, guiding lost souls to safety and eternal life, he will be missed...
Billy Graham had this message.
Change your future. 
You are destined for hell.
Have a future in heaven.
Reject your old way.
Believe in Jesus to save your soul.
He bought you on the cross.
If you believe in Him He will save you.
A new destiny awaits, sin&guilt washed away.
#FakeChristian
Hey Mikey. Here is an interesting piece of trivia for you. Not all Americans are Christian.  Some believe that BG Impact was well intentioned, but not positive . If only the framers had made it clear that the Govt should stay out of the religion business. Oh, Yea, They did
Did Trump give you permission to speak? Pansy
Eat a  @mike_pence!

That what you believe! It isn't what All American's believe! When will you stand up for All Americans? You stand up for UR Lobbyist,Big Phama,Corps,Rich,Racist,Nazi,KKK,ONLY Rich Churches that can donate to you. So When R U going to Stand For all?Not Party But ALL Americans?
Rev. Graham consoles Nixon with murderous rant
https://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/watch/rev-graham-consoles-nixon-with-murderous-rant-44623427890 …
He was a crooked man, too.  Any preacher that dies worth $25 million misinterpreted the teachings of Jesus and bilked tens of millions across the country.
U speak with a forked tongue; ur not honest enough to stand in the presence of Billy Graham.#hypocriteVP
Now, #LyingPence wants to cram his Bible down the throats of all Americans in open defiance of the Constitution.
#Christofascism
Did you do any real work today, @VP?

Didn’t think so.
He was a crook, who took money from people in the name of God! GTFOH
any sanctions for Russia coming? the bill was signed into law in August 2017!
Yes! AND I AM PROUD THAT MY DAD KNEW THE MAN!
I’d be ashamed if anyone in my family associated with the charlatan and bigot Billy Graham.


You are a traitor because you have no comments on Russian sanctions. Gun control. EPA ruining our environment. Pentagon being $.61 of each dollar of our budget.  And abortion will remain legal. You'll b in jail with hen boss, Spiro
Donald Trump was one of the greatest American evils of the past century.
Hope Graham can still forgive hypocrites where he is.
You need to resign the VP position as you are not protecting the Constitution. 
Separation of church and state.

I just know in my heart that Mother knows you’re full of it
You will be impeached. God willing soon. Amen.
Stupid lil boy.
We'll get to meet them all whenever we have our turn to be promoted to our heavenly home.  Praise God, right?
What about the lives lost at the most recent school shooting? The people crushed in the flower of their youth, and those asking for stricter fun control?
*gun
Thats a weird mistake :)


Mike you do realize you work for the devil right? You’re so going to hell
The United States of America is not a theocracy and you're a fraud.
I think Rev, Graham would not like being associated with the Gospel of racism, intolerance, and focus on wealth you espouse.
Jesus Pence - are you the VP or America’s pastor? 
Act against Noko for the world.
Amen...
FU Mike! You are the gayest person ever!!
Did the Reverend help pray the gay away, Mike?

He was one of the WORST. Yes, that's what you meant to say.
His message was inclusive, universal and ecumenical,  yours is the exact opposite. Shameful.
The dude thought HIV was a punishment from God. So. No, I'm saving my grief for something more worthy.
STILL TRADING ON OTHER PEOPLE MR PENCE. LIKE YOUR IN THEIR CLASS. YOU HAVE NO CLASS.
There is no god. He was a Charlatan. He did not care about people. Bible is rubbish
Billy Graham decided on his death bed that Gays were ok after all and asked for forgiveness. Hey, isn't it time to shine Trumps shoes?
Anti gay is that the lords way. Hell no so dont look up too long door to heaven might not have opened
I'm sorry, did you just say you promote the Gospel?
Show some spine.  Oh I forgot who are.  An opportunist, talking but not acting.   #GunControlNow #VoteThemOut @NeverAgainMSD #CadetBoneSpurs #MarchForOurLives #ImpeachTrumpNow
Anti-abortion,  anti-women's rights, anti-gay rights. Yeah a truly great American. *This is sarcasm by the way.
What about the Black general who was in charge of pilots in WW2 were you at his funeral a USA Navy Captain was requested by the general to speak for him. He said the general forgot war and politics in the arms of a beautiful woman 
You are a greasy corrupt theocrat, and Graham was nothing but a carnival barking swindler.
If this is so Mr VP  then you have set the bar for greatness very low indeed. A bigoted man who advocated the murder of perhaps a million Vietnamese. A man who spread gibberish around the world & is no doubt one of big reasons that so many schools in US  teach creationism as fact
FANTASYLAND!
One could believe that Billy would want Trump Stooge to sit and come clean with Mueller — so it for Billy!
Amen

Let's see. Graham wanted to use Nuclear Weapons during the Vietnam War. N o religious person says that.
Unfortunately, Billy Graham's also in America's Hall of Infamy as the legitimizer of Dominionism because he helped start the annual National Prayer Breakfast sponsored by The Family, a Dominion-theology-driven group which aspires to theocratize the nation.
Hold on politicians that all the time
Saying that “Billy Graham was one of the greatest Americans of the past century” is quite possibly the most damning statement on American greatness one could possibly contrive.
He was no Mother Teresa. She did so much for the vulnerable and didn’t get enriched in the name of God.
What would Jesus say about Graham’s recommendations to Nixon regarding Vietnam? Asking for a friend.
Billy was a racist and bigoted man who did not understand that God gave no exception to love thy neighbor. He may have an eternity in hell to think about his evil. Will evil pence repent or have the same eternity?
Amen To That
His homophobia and anti-Semitism will be remembered, too
Pence is worthless

Graham was an anti-Semite and a homophobe, so we can all see exactly why you thought he was a great man. Birds of a feather, @VP, right?
Of Course you would think that. You sow hate just as he did.
Separation of church and state. Keep your religion to yourself, Mike Pence.
You don’t know what Separation of Church and State is. So stop telling the VP what to do
Mike unless you’re a constitutional law scholar, zip it and your agenda.
Actually I know about the Constitution. There is no agenda.
Thank you Billy Graham for spreading the message of hope to the World! Rest in peace Billy Graham!
I talked to @TheMAURYShow and that's a LIE.

That's good and all, but not all are Evangelist. There are Other Relegions that many believe in. This world doesn't have only One Religion.
But apparently not his son.
I Didn't believe in a GOD until Something saved My Life @FLOTUS 
I Overdosed on Drugs MORE than Three Times @GigiGraciette 
and SOMETHING brought Me Back @DarrenKavinoky 
I Owe Something to Something @Aphrodite_Jones 
I am So Grateful @RicFlairNatrBoy
I used to watch Billy Graham with my dad when I was a young girl. And ever time he was on TV. I'm going to miss his sermons.
尊敬的副总统先生，这么多年习近平在拆教堂敌基督，连梵蒂冈教庭方济主教各也要向习近平共产屈服。你应该看到吧
@brianstelter @callumborchers @maxwelltani @briansflood @GrahamDavidA @AndrewWyrich @VeronicaStrac @louisjnelson @djusatoday @BeccaSavransky
@NicolleDWallace @MichaelSteele @HardballChris @maddow @chrislhayes @Lawrence @SteveKornacki @TheRevAl @jaketapper @brianstelter @AP @WSJ
The only thing wrong with the economy is wall street firms scamming private investors/IRAs by fraudulantly shorting stocks with earning's reports(most of which are great), then mass selling their client's stock to bank profits for themselves. Complete SCAM.
So true
No.  Not.  Forget about it.  Televangelist parasite, like all of them.
Good ole persuasion. Jesus was a rather persuasive fellow. GOD sent him ahead, preach the seemingly innocent book, then people were executed. Mass genocide. It's all history right.?

Its rather hilarious these days. Can't find solutions, you sure as hell can create the drama.
God bless you and your family, Mr. Pence. What a blessing it is to have a believer in the office of Vice President.
U r full of it. There was nothing great about graham, he was just another person living off of other people,one who got rich sucking other's money
He was a thief twisting gospel to fit his hatred. He was a racist xenophobe. Like you, he used his cherrypicked bible to justify his hate. He scammed millions from people who could least afford it.
Not my preacher.
Reverend Billy Graham is not "one of the greatest Americans of the past century". Anyone who teaches children that the Bible is true is a child abuser. Telling a child to love and fear a god is evil. It's the master  and slave dynamic. Teach children how think, not what to think.
Billy Graham had personal worth of $25 million that he reaped from believers by way of donations which and the church pays for his private jet and vacations. He is not a representation of America, he is a representation of the upper 10%
Billy Graham went on from local preaching to amass great wealth, wear thousand dollar suits, get chauffeured in limousines, enjoy lavish meals, travel by private jet, live in a mansion & hobnob with rich elite. Just like Jesus did. Followed right in the Lord’s footsteps, he did!
no he wasnt
"Pence: Abortion in the U.S. will end "in our time" http://hill.cm/0aobBJW  "

WRONG.
So you trust in ghost and superstition.?

Oh ill correct myself, you must mean a Bible.

Golly gee, didn't end to well for Jesus back then ey Pencey.
We are asking the vice president and president Trump if you can help us put God back in our schools and change Michelle Obama's lunches and give these kids food they're going to eat instead of throwing it away and going home hungry please help us
4 followers... BLOCKED
Fuck Billy Graham: He was a racist baster against Jewish people. Hope he goes to hell!
You are showing your ignorance!
Fuck Billy Graham: Why don't people not tell the truth about these false profits. Because their white folks? Just asking?
WAS HE???? He pioneered the evangelical loot from gullible souls who fell for hyperbole.
 hot damn. I managed 3 pregnancys without a gun.
#BillyGraham preaching in South Korea in 1973 to 1.1 million the Gospel of Jesus Christ "Well done good and faithful servant" #RIPBillyGraham
says the pharisee lying false Christian.
I can't wait until Mueller comes for you.
Amen! He is likely the Godliest man we will ever see again in our era.
How does that go again? It is easier for a camel to pass though the eye of a needle than...
"Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works? And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity.”
Yes, his bigotry, anti-Semitism and grifting were a true gift to America.
Your criteria for Great American© is obviously very different than mine, Michael.
he was a racist, organized religion is trash
Wow! Very good sir! I will listen to this once my Grandson (Owen) will help me fix my radio! Its’ to quiet,;
No he wasn't, he was a weirdo sexist who, like you, couldn't be alone with a woman for fear of being in a room with a sinner or some such craziness.

He was a bigot Mike, just like you.

Actually, not so much... "greatest scam artist" might be more appropriate.
Eh, that title probably belongs to Kenneth Copeland.




account of age. SECTION 2 The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation. AMENDMENT XXVII No law varying the compensation for the services of the Senators and Representatives shall take effect, until an election of Representatives shall
Mother says we need #GunReformNow
