



Happy Passover! We pray for His Help in piercing our own stony hearts so that His Light can enter and redeem our souls.  This is how all Americans can become spiritually great again.
reminds me of something that Gandhi once said " I Love your Christ, your #Christians not so much, your Christians are so unlike your Christ" #GoodFriday
Love it. He lives!
#ResurrectionPower
#GoBigForChrist
I am the only man in my office today. None of the women here are my gf. Should I leave? Please advise.

Happy Easter, Mr. Vice President, to you and your family.  May God continue to bless America!
Thanks Jesus for making this morning’s commute so fast!
Amen, what a blessing it is, (and thank YOU for it Lord),to have one of the top leaders of our country to testify of our blessed Savior!!! God bless you and your family, God bless the President and God bless AMERICA!!!
Happy Easter, Mr. Vice President. Keep fighting the good fight. We, the people, are with u 100%
It was a Good Friday! SUNDAY MORNING will be ALL THE GLORY *HE HAS RISEN* DAY!
Amen! #GoodFriday to you as well, sir. Thank you for everything you do.
Thanks for your wishes.  A Thankful Good Friday to you, Karen, family & Team.  Thanks for honoring Jesus, remembering The Jewish Passover and working to make America more Kindness-centered through Jesus' Love & example.  Love & Thanks always.
Amen praise the Lord! My Lord and Savior!
Happy Good Friday everyone who love our Lord Jesus Christ.  https://afm.ngo/munirsajid .
Praise God
Hypocrites
You make me sick.
With His own blood, not the blood of goats and calves, he entered the Most Holy Place once for all time and secured our redemption forever ~Hebrews 9:12

Praise Be To Our Lord #JesusChrist forever and ever AMEN! #GoodFriday
HAPPY EASTER, Mr. Vice President, my brother in Christ! I praise God for the wonderful work that you and the President are doing; both for our nation AND as a friend and ally of Israel and the Jewish people as a whole.
Exactly!  Happy Easter Weekend!

AMEN  God bless you and your family Mr Vice President 
Thank you and many blessings on the celebration of Resurrection Sunday this weekend.  Your quintessential quietude merits our love from every quadrant.  We do love you both and your families and pray for you all everyday. You bless us in many ways!!
Happy Easter! Enjoy this time to celebrate that Jesus died and arose from the grave for our sins!
Amen. Only by the grace of our Lord and savior.  Have a blessed Easter
Thank you jesus for we are saved by your love and sacrifice. AMEN


Almighty GOD walked upon earth 2000 years ago to carry our sins, to give us salvation & eternal life;  *Only found in the LORD Jesus Christ:   Divine Son of the Living GOD.  http://www.Heisnear.com/RobConradSalvationExperience.html … 
And ALL of Gods people said AMEN and AMEN!

Because He Lives!!
This should not be a GOVERNMENT tweet.
Too late ... 
‘In God we Trust’ is tweeted all over our money.
Logic.
But you support Trump? Can’t be both?
I can love Jesus and still submit to authority. Not only should I but God commands it. God places authority for a reason, whether I fully agree with them or not. I would have been upset if Clinton was elected but I still would have respected her.
Why should anyone respect this worthless sexual predator? Divorced two times, cheated on every wife and with a pornstar when his wife just gave birth to their son. This guy doesn't deserve an ounce of respect.
I didn’t say he deserves respect. Honestly, none of us do. According to Romans 3:23, all of us have sinned. Sin is all the same in God’s eyes. We are the ones who warp who’s worse. All of us are heading in 1 direction...hell. The only way to avoid that is salvation in Christ.
He arose!
Happy Easter!!!
Some people say that it’s better to live for today
Dude, Jesus thinks you're a fucking dick.
Nearly 74K in Puerto Rico have no power. Flint doesn’t yet have clean water. ICE detainees are being deprived of prenatal care and are prevented from holding their babies. Veterans who have sacrificed much are ripped from their families and being deported. My Jesus is weeping.
You’re such a boring dud.
Hypocritical, bible thumping, racist, closet gay.
The wounds that need to be healed are inflicted by your actions and inactions. Supporting DJT & NRA is the least Christian anyone can do.
Happy Easter Egghead!
#Pence #Trump #Easter
Amen @VP ..... Blessed Good Friday to you and yours as well!
Not the original Christians - the Palestinians - who are denied their right to pray in Jerusalem or are in exile because of the impostors on their land you support with arms/aid/veto.

Revolting coming from his mouth.
Jesus walked the walk.
Pence has no soul.

#ByFaithAreWeSaved
Amém
Happy Easter Mr. Vice President.
And most importantly our sins are able to be forgiven.
Soooo We still believe in human sacrifices huh. Kinda sounds like a relic from the dark ages. So, dude hangs on some cross for 3 hours so we can avoid getting roasted forever and ever and ever and ever? Sounds like he paid a cheap price. And where's the proof he existed again?
Amen and amen
Happy Easter everyone.
So..why do your stand with the filth in the WH?
Your false faith makes me ill. A real man of faith would love everyone and treat them with respect. A real man of faith would NOT be able to work for or with a man like @realDonaldTrump.
And ALL GOD's people say,"Amen".May God continue to protect all in this administration .
Amen!
Again, I repeat, get another Twitter account to quote the Bible. This is unconscionable, goes against the Constitution, And though I fully support your religious rights, you are a public servant who needs to separate b beliefs from official job title
People must understand that you are speaking for yourself and have the right to do so. We live in the USA - we have freedom of speech!
Man. Keep this shit out of the White House 
And Enjoy your
Passover as well
To our Jewish part of our family!

Happy Easter
Have a good Easter VP 

I'm detecting a theme in your tweets today. Also, I whole heartedly agree.
It’s 100% visceral
Thank you for not being afraid of sharing your faith
Thank you and you and yours too have a awesome weekend
knew #Pence was gonna get right down to it
Amen Jesus Christ died for us
But, you condone this??? 

Very anti-Christian, really.
When a person sees the aftermath of their deeds and have time to reflect upon them,  this is in HOPES that people will pave a pathway for a better future of deeds, so no man may suffer from another man's ignorance or evilish deeds.

To REFUSE to evolve is equivalent to suicide.
Prison was never intended or created to punish man.  The prime purpose of prison is to separate this man/woman from the main population & give him ample of time to reflect upon is deeds in hopes that he can identify the wrong doing of his deeds & change them.
WE REMEMBER- 7 Last Sayings from the Cross.  Final Word- The Word of Reunion:  "Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit."  (Luke 23:46)
Thank you Vice President Pence 
This should be a daily reminder and not just  C&E. Matthew 25:41-46.
You never talk about the hungry, thirsty, strangers (because Jesus is no respecter of persons), naked, sick, prisoners.
Matthew 15:8
@UniteThePoor 
#hypocrisy 
Jesus advocated Love; not Love of Money

Christian huh... 
Be careful how Christian you pretend to be.. your hypocrisy is shining bright
eat shit you ugly white bitch
Are you proud of your friends who shot unarmed protesters in #Gaza, including children? If this is christianism, I'm out. And if you believe in hell, make sure your passport is in order. According to #Jesus and the #bible, hell will be your final destination. #HappyEaster #VP
God is good
You talk about Jesus, but you go against what he said. You lift up the wealthy and tread on the poor. He would scourge you out of the temple.




Aman, in Jesus Christ name!!
GLORY!! Yes WE are, sir! #LetUDNotForget!
YK
Christ became our Passover, He became the sacrificial Lamb that through His blood we are saved!!!!  Just like the first Passover when they had to sacrifice a Lamb and put his blood on their doorpost to be saved from the angel of death!!!  He became the Lamb slain Praise His Name!
@UN DID YOU KNOW? THE VIA DOLOROSA (LATIN "Way of Grief," "Way of Sorrow," "Way of Suffering" or simply "Painful Way"; HEBREW: ויה דולורוזה; ARABIC: طريق الآلام) is a street within the Old City of Jerusalem believed to be the path Jesus walked on the way to his crucifixion
It is too bad you forget to act on what He thought us.

It's people like you that killed Christ in the first place! Wake up and practice true Christianity! Christ died for everyone, even the "sinner" through his death and rebirth were we ALL forgiven! Act like a damn Christian already!
There is nothing authentically and truly Christian about Mike Pence or anyone in the Trump regime. You are corrupt hypocrites and mean-spirited - the worst people. #GoodFriday
@VP how can you call yourself Christian but ignore the poor and marginalized? “I was a stranger and you welcomed me, naked and you clothed me.” Your hypocrisy is disgusting. Stop using our religion to justify your abhorrent actions.
Wow! Mike you seem to seriously trigger demonic spirits. This thread is absolutely filled with hateful, vile, sick, and twisted spirits. It may be time to call a priest to perform an exorcism in this thread, LOL 
In the name of Jesus Christ, may they be rebuked!
#GoodFriday #MAGA
Thanks!  Don't forget to give Easter wishes to Alt-Christians, too.  (Maybe they'll drop the corruption, hate, and bigotry.)
And I’ll join the people that don’t believe in an invisible man in the sky.
Really Pence, this is what you tweet about?  Pathetic and sad, no one really cares about your religious beliefs, try keeping them to yourself, stop pushing them on others.
From @JohnFugelsang for your meditative reading pleasure from noon to three o'clock today. And every day.
Just a friendly reminder that Mike Pence embezzled campaign funds to pay his mortgage and it costed him his first election. He is not squeaky clean like he wants you to think.
But he's handsome.

He has risen
We have so much to be thankful for ..... We have the Blood of the Lamb of YHVH , Yeshua our Messiah ... So we celebrate the Miracles of Moses, Leaving Egypt and the Blood on the Doorposts of our hearts! #Worship in #Spirit AND #Truth
As a government official, you really should not be advocating a particular mythology over others . Sounds rather like a Sharia law environment.

And let’s make sure all Americans live by these fairy tales. #GOPTaliban
Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door!

They claim to know God, but by their actions they deny him. They are detestable, disobedient and unfit for doing anything good. - Titus 1:16
As long as you get your money


Easter celebrates the rising from the dead of Jesus, a Middle Eastern man whose mother and foster father crossed borders to escape persecution; who was lost while traveling as a boy with his family, most likely in…
Healed from what we are still fighting over scraps of  while the Rich try to take more freedoms from the poor
#HappyEaster 
#Blessings 
Bless you both
Thank You Jesus for defeating Satan in Hell so we can be Saved! Every knee Shall Bow & Every tongue Shall Confess JESUS is LORD not the Pope
#NeverForget Mike Pence is a closeted gay man. @mike_pence
Mr Pence, I would love to believe you care about Christians. Doed that include the Mexican Christians as well, or just American ones?
Fact No 45
Thank you vice pence ,it's nice to see God put back in the white house ,maybe if we get God back into schools we won't see all the school shootings
Happy Easter rejoice! He has risen from the dead & he is Lord!
That’s because you’re kooky, dude.
Did you ask permission to join them or just crash the party?
What about the wounds of school shooting victims? 
Will you be 'sending thoughts and prayers' when the next one happens? 
#Resist
Creepiest. Vice president. Ever.
what about Passover?

I am going to go to the PO and get the easiest tax form they have and fi it out. Now that Trump is president. Praise God.
Praise our savior Jesus Christ!
The speech police 
Amen Mr. Vice-President....His Blessings to you, your family, and America...
So when are you going to get healed from Trump??
Plz help me all uk Christian and us  Christian me chrstian family member me shmal hona he
@AurelieYetman , are you questioning the actions of the signers of the Declaration of Independence and of the Constitution?
Don't use your govt account to preach
Mike using Christ in your post is not a good idea. The Lord sees how you take things away from Americans—and you will face his judgment!
Thank you Mr. Vice-president and God bless
Amen. Thank you
Our healing is guaranteed by the Blood of the Lamb upon the Throne.
As do I but Washington has forgotten the brave WARRIORS who sacrificed so much so each of us can celebrate this day

This 4 minute video & RTs could save a friend, a loved one, even your own life to a slow & torturous death!

https://youtu.be/MTKY2ldEt8c  

@POTUS @realDonaldTrump
That God help us



Oh give me a break! You're no Christian!
Oh my God Karen, you can’t just ask people why they’re white...
Amen! Jesus save people from their sins, from living a life of torment of fear, bitterness, jealous, self-seeking to a life of righteousness, peace, and joy. Jesus is Awesome!
You and your followers have a funny way of honoring Jesus. Who gets to choose which commandments Donnie needs to follow?  Let me guess, it doesn’t matter as long as he keeps his dispicable base happy. Jesus must be really proud.
It's better to act like a Christian than talk like a Christian. You can't fool God, if you even believe in His existence.
Amen, thank you Jesus.
So proud to have you as VP and unafraid to share your faith.
Christ ain't on your side buddy
Thank you Mr. Vice President! So Thankful to have a Christian in your Position who is Unafraid to express his Faith in our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. May God continue to Bless you and your Family.
Being a Christian is a little more than quoting a Bible verse and you know it. Tolerance, love, piety and forgiveness make us Christians.
Blessings to our wonderful VP Pence & Family!  Your Christian lifestyle is a glorious testimony to sharing Christ in all you do!  Happy Easter!  
Keep your religious thoughts to yourself.
May our Lord and Savior bless you, your family, and our country!
And let's not forget about (((those))) who killed him.
Act like a Christian and denounce what our president is doing and denounce the killing of innocent children and denounce the treatment of black people by police. That’s what Jesus would do and we are supposed to be like Him. He is perfect, we are flawed.  Be like Jesus.
Happy Easter
Yes, also healed from racism!
Im in love with a man. a man called God. Does that make me gay? am i gay for God? You betcha!
Boom!
As a Jewish-Atheist I find your dependence on some mythical being to blame for your own shortcomings rather funny. Religion, especially xtianty allows you to remove from yourself all responsibility for your own failings.
2 Of the most fake, hypocritical "Christians" you will ever lay eyes on. Smh
By his wounds we are forgiven, so we can support a serial adulterous with the spine of a jellyfish and the morals of a pig! Thanks you for giving us this grace! AMEN!!
Amen brother
So good to have Godfearing ppl in White House again
Could you at least pretend to represent all of us and not just your fellow Christians by using your personal Twitter to proselytize?  #EmptyThePews #SeparationOfChurchAndState
By your words & deeds we are wounded. Blessings only count when people join your churchy club. #GoodFriday2018
MIKE YOUR FOLLOWING CHRIST AND YOUR PRAYERS,BLESS THIS COUNTY SO MUCH; I JUST WANTED TO THANKYOU!!!!!!!
Too bad we don’t have any leaders today who are brave enough to sacrifice themselves for the good of their people. 

We have you @vp & @realDonaldTrump trying to enrich yourselves at the expense of the American People.

what sacrifices have you made for humanity lately, Mr. Pence?

you're despicable
There is no god. You're waiting your time!
Separation of Church and State - this tweet belongs on a personal account, not official twitter page.
yes--by His wounds  we are healed==
good news in Israel is Many jews are singing about Yeshua == the hebrew word for Jesus
There is no God and take religion out of politics!!
Who will heal America from the wounds you and your boss inflict on us?  Shame!
Israeli Military Kills at Least 8 in Confrontations on #Gaza Border https://nyti.ms/2Gjx0RH 

#GOP #UNIDO
@realDonaldTrump & @VP responsible 4 this on #GoodFriday
1)  Ignoring PR as it begs for help
2)  Supporting an unrepentant adulterer
3)  Feeding the rich at the expense of the poor
4)  Doing nothing over students being killed by weapons of war
5)  Denying entry to people desperate for safety because you fear non-whites
Hypocrisy much?
The irony of our existence is that white ppl worship a brown god. 
You know why this water got people drunk Jesus!?
Try to enlighten us on why they were hallucinating Jesus!
See the running water Jesus? What’s in the bucket!?

The original #flyguys
Sir make sure you also give tweets acknowledging all other religions as well. Separation of church and state is what our founding fathers advocated,along with freedom of religion. If you wave the flag and constitution you should follow it.
Jesus loved everybody: Jews, Muslims, poor people, children, prostitutes, etc. Try to live more like him to honor his sacrifice.
Your a Christian?  Doesn’t  show it in your continuing support of President Trump.  I guess power does corrupt all.
Nope wrong again commie looser.
Hahahahaha!  Blind mouse !!!
awww so sweet. but all I hear is blah blah Roy moore blah blah blah
Looks like some enjoy that information https://mobile.twitter.com/telenoticias7/status/987843456503607298/photo/1 …
You know his story is a copy of many older tales

Someone just escaped from the asylum. When called out she went completely nuts and began posting unrelated shit. Lol!



So you are against transgenders ? Wow you really are a horrible person!

Yes. Definitely a progressive notion to change the subject when called out. How decent.
By his stripes we are healed. Get it right Pence.
Atta boy. Keep promoting religion and faith in God.
Thank you
Karen Is a whore. You are Crap fucking idiot. Christ Is a myth and stop pretending to be a Nice person. You d better respect latín american, México and all  the ones oppressed including animals.
Amen!
im a right wing service connected disabled veteran but president trump is following the agenda of devil worshipers ...   https://www.facebook.com/JESUSISLORD277/posts/1740490226030130 …
