In 1922 my grandfathers father was already a Train Conductor in Boston Mass. originally from Scotland. I am sure he would be disgraced to see how low the USA has been brought down under this presidency.  Irish or not.
So wait, your grandfather was an immigrant?? Wow better not tell the boss that......
The fact that you cannot differentiate legal immigration from illegal...makes your statement void
His grandmother came here in 1923 when the immigration laws of today did not exist. Today’s immigration system requires a person to have tons of money. It is an unjust, unfair system. Please educate yourself on why people become undocumented in the US.
Our immigration laws may have changed, but they are laws none-the-less. Undocumented = illegal...just so we are clear.
The thing is you people want to hate immigrants and seeing them as “criminals” allows you to dehumanize them so that’s what you do. If you saw them as fellow-humans you would be upset that immigration laws are discriminating against them.
False
I thought you folks were fans of saying it like it is. I say what I see. Criminalizing undocumented immigrants is a great way to dehumanize them so you can justify hate. You don’t care if the lack of documentation is not their fault.
Deportation is the answer
I love that you hold hands with your mother! What a good son @VP your a great role model to so many! Proud you support @realDonaldTrump! God Bless you and @SecondLady!
His wife/mother or real mother?
Shameless...


You and the #fakepresident would now keep her out of the country. Hypocracy reigns supreme in Trumpland.

Nancy, your son...
Need your help with my family mine in CA!! Please call 
How do you look at your kids supporting a liar 45
MacKenzie and a brewbacker
Yeah, too bad that benefit does not apply anymore to people all over the world.What a DISGRACE of an administration.And you are part of it...
Sir.  Your Irish forebears were fortunate to find open arms upon their arrival.  How will history remember your administration’s reception of those yearning to be free to pursue life, liberty and happiness?
History will not be kind to this VP or his boss.

All this on Taxpayers $$$$$$$$$ ???
Yes it is.....like all the trips Michelle went on to Spain, China and the girls to Mexico.

Thats what I thought of Davids tweet...bless his heart...yours too..have a great day
Bless your heart too.

Lol
Have you no shame?

Thanks. So glad you're in the White House. Don't give up.
end chain migration of Pence family.

Guess it’s lucky for you that you and @realDonaldTrump weren’t around back then to try to send him back!
Was dear great grandpa a legal immigrant?
VP Pence, I read the article. Wow. Liked every word you said. Glad the newspaper didn't throw anything negative in there. You three look great; green looks good on all of you. Have a fun day.
Sounds like some chain migration to me my dear bitch
There's a difference, waiting and doing it the right way, legally.  The line cutters who do it illegally are the problem.
There was no line in 1923 if you were European. You just arrived at Ellis Island on a ship in average health and you were instantly admitted to this country.
At the time that was acceptable and the way to come here legally with the government knowing who's in their country.  Not by border/fence hopping and demanding rights instantly.
*loud fart*
You've added a lot to this convo, you must be really smart.
She must be very disappointed in your stance on immigration and human rights.
*illegal immigration
His grandfather could have been an illegal immigrant.
I bet they LOVED it!!!
Was her father legal?
That was a tough time for the Irish. Much prejudice and discrimination. They have contributed so much now everyone wants to be Irish
Gasp! So does that mean you are immigrants as well?! Damn those pesky facts! We are all derived from immigrants!

@vp u are a disgusting human being. #homophobic #gayrights #MarlonBundo
#Hypocrite illegal immigrant roots & you attack immigrants today get out of our politics


So your saying your not American? You need to be deported with the rest of the so called immigrants....
Awwww how nice, a story of immigration... from a man who condemns immigration. How cute!
Green because you believe in leprechauns too? ...

Jesus ain't say that.
Is she legal? Let me see her visa
Good morning sir,
A sad day for Savannah. all the Pence support roaches showed up.
Nobody cares about your roots. Your weak. Period!!
With chain immigration.
Weird that you'd brag about your family being recent immigrants, yet your treatment of other immigrants is so inhumane. Is it because the immigrants you mistreat have brown skin, or is it just because your family gets preferred treatment?
Thank you Mr Pence and Family! Proud to be Irish!!
All the drunk party people barfing on the streets!
Stay true to your faith Sir! WE are with you!

Wish we had a wall back then!
Complicit.
I hope y’all had fun
Oh look everyone a fake Christian wearing a green tie!!
Co Sligo.
I'M SORRY ... 
WHERE'S MAMA NOW ????
An immigrant.  I am shocked. Was it legal?
#SupportBiafraReferendum #StopBafraKillings by Fulani Herdsmen, #SupportBafraFreedom.             FREEDOM FOR BIAFRA
#Stopgenocideafrin       afrin is   
onlyyyyyyyy
MAGA! The LORD works in ways not always know to us!


Tthank yyou
So glad you spent my hard earned taxpayers' money to fly your family around for a holiday where you probably don't even drink.

I am counting the days until you diseased subhumans are out of office!
Your intolerance brings shame on your Irish heritage. From now on please keep your Irishness undercover for the sake of the rest of us trying to live a compassionate life to make up for the likes of you.
Thanks for visiting!
Mike, you’re married to an immigrant
Watch out!!! I heard there is alcohol and even possibly dogs out there!
Was she skilled enough relative to your boss' standards for future immigrants.
Nobody really cares
https://m.facebook.com/profile.php?ref=bookmarks#!/story.php?story_fbid=597346887281372&id=100010181988096&refid=17&ref=bookmarks&_ft_=top_level_post_id.597346887281372%3Atl_objid.597346887281372%3Athrowback_story_fbid.597346887281372%3Athid.100010181988096%3A306061129499414%3A2%3A0%3A1522565999%3A-732328702173095049&__tn__=%2As%2As-R …
Your boss is gonna be mad, you talking about immigration like that.
Welcome sir! Missed you bc of traffic but my inlaws saw you You are loved here! Hope you come back next year, I will get there early if you do!
It's good to know the Nations second chair approves of SOME of the refugees that come here.
Do, how much did this little trip cost us?  Or did you pay for it personally?  Gotta cut spending.
You will also die in prison.
My Great Grandmom was from County Cork, Ireland.
Ass kisser
An immigrant?  We must close our  borders!
Nancy Pence-Fritsch
Wonderful story. Thanks for sharing.

My grandparents were from County Mayo Ireland my grandfather work construction and my grandmother was a domestic servant I thank God for you every day Vice President Pence

You are standing by a criminal and will go down as the worst administration

Really??? An immigrant? I thought immigrants were bad, and I thought we were supposed to keep them out.
Look at this fake Christian his father is Satan


Well, it’s good that he came over in the 20’s, because your boss wouldn’t let him in these days.
Love the green, great tie Sir!
Just like a good Gayboy taking his mommy with him!
How dare you insult gay people for associating with @VP
Chain migration?
Outstanding most impressive
No the great day will be when you and crooked trump are in jail
Damm the chopper made it SHIT
Did you know your mother had sex?
Love parents opening up.
Oh, you mean he was an immigrant?
He stayed for a FRIGGIN HOUR!!!! And of course made life for the regular people more of a headache!
Really loving that green tie, Mr. Pence!
Pog mo thoin.
Ohhh so you’re a descendant of immigrants too? Weird I thought you hated immigrants.
Beautiful family! Thank you for serving this great country!
Wouldn't waste my time reading about your family.....I could care less!
On the taxpayers dime.
"Her father came over from Tubbercurry Ireland to America in 1923." Then you should understand how important immigrants are to this country.
Did you bring your assistant with you?
Great picture 
How much did the taxpayers fork out for mother and mother
A IMMIGRANT! FORGOT NO WALL FOR YOU
@ianpaisleymp 1 week in the states and ian has managed to lick more arse than Leo lmao
@ianpaisleymp big ian licking the hoop of an American with Irish ancestors and yet not making him feel any less British albeit wit a taste of shite in his mouth

Another tax payer vacation day for you and two Mothers
No one cares!
Stay there please
was that when Ireland was a shithole? Xoxo great grand daughter of Irish immigrants
Ahhh yes an inmigrant. Ain’t we all. Remember that.
Thank God Trump wasn’t a predident in 1923

Don’t you have a real job to do?
Barf
How ashamed he would be of you. Unless he was a gombeen man also.
Everyone is Irish on St Patricks Day.  
...and I suppose WE paid for that
Does that make them daca?
Chain immigration?
Enhorabuena a los irlandeses que celebran en buena forma su fiesta nacional, que sigan pasando un feliz día.
Weird how in all that history I don't see any word about discrimination or persecution of homosexuals. I guess you're adding that to your personal history.

Mr. President, the American people will hear my story very soon. And they can judge for themselves who is honorable and who is not.
Who cares about your roots. What we care about are your bad ideas for the country!
Family roots, my father in law was born in Ramallah, PALESTINE. It's on his birth certificate and first passport. You should be stoned for how you treat Palestinians. There are large RESISTANCE demonstrations in Savannah because of you today. Salente - wish I could meet you.
I hope the helicopter crashes
Who are the other old farts?
Aww your family were immigrants as well??
So she was one of those immigrants your boss hates and fears ????
How does that work when both “Mother” and Mother in law are present?  And can you eat dinner with the Mother in law alone or does Mother need to be there too?  So much confusion and morality at stake. #VoteThemOut2018 #ImpeachTrump #Pencetoo
You spoiled the day just being there. Remember your not welcome any where. Where people want to have fun.
You should be denouncing your Presidents firing of Andrew MaCabe. Mr. Pence you know what he did is wrong!!!!!
How can you live with yourself with everything that is happening
Dear Mike Pence, It's nice to know that your wife's father is from Ireland. But did you know that Elizabeth Warren is also half Irish? That's right, half American Indian, half Irish, half Iranian and half Puerto Rican. That makes four halves. Two for each face!
Why are you taking potus abuse of power sitting down?
Spelled your.  And no America does NOT love Pence.  Worst WH in modern history.  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Did you pay for mommie plane ticket, or did the tax payers?

- Russia Collusion
- Stormy Daniels
- Cambridge Analitica
- Don Jr. Divorce
- Russia Agression
- Trump Org Subpoena
- Clear Obstruction
