Irish Press report on this historic meeting...
Honoured to meet a man you think requires gay conversion therapy? That seems odd
 give it a rest don't read where their are no lines
Aw the bots are mad
No just baffled at why brains are so small in sheep, maybe that's why y'all follow the ones who bullshit the most. 
*you all
were you able to keep your breakfast down being so close to a gay country leader?
If you are still honored to join trump you are as corrupt and maniacal as he is.  The majority of ppl worldwide do NOT HONOR trump.  Wake Up.
Cheers

Yeah I’m sure you would of preferred the shamrock exchange had been a little more private huh
Your making an old man blust sweetie thanks lol
Stay kind your "closet" until "mother " let's you out!


Happy St. Patrick’s Day. If you’re of Irish descent - as I am - and you’re screaming about merit-based immigration, do yourself a favor and go to the library. 

…
Pence locks out media during Taoiseach Varadkar visit to protest Ireland's gay rights
Trump Presidency - Millennial Monitor
Was he receptive to your pitch for gay conversion therapy?
Mikey, did you know the PM is a gay????
Бодрый сервиз. Домой себе такой хочу.
Aren’t Pres/Vice supposed to pretty much not be together like these 2, Incase of bomb or hostage, 2 horrible birds with 1 stone, not bad, LOL.  I know they can’t travel on same planes, shit, save us a lot of money.
Even the Irish, drunk as they may be, think you're a schwantz.

Mr Vice President do not be fooled by charm offensive from these European burcrats.  They will undercut or workers and industries any chance they get. As President Trump said once, take them to McDonalds and get back to negotiating table. MAGA
Thank you Mr. Vice President and the 2nd Lady for doing such great work for our nation, may God bless you and your family for many generations to come.  You can look forward to our Lord saying to you "Well done good and faithful servant"

When are the meetings to ban assault rifles???

OBAMA SUCKS.         GOOD MORNING MR PRESIDENT TRUMP MAY GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY SR. AND MR PENC AND FAMILY.    GOOD JOB


Ireland does not need “friends” like you. You may have Irish ancestors. But you have no connection to the Irish struggle for freedom and equality! Proud of Ireland! LGBTQ Rights are Human Rights!
Would it not be wonderful, if NYC St. Patrick's Day Parade could be televised, with the Prime Minister of Ireland marching.  @realDonaldTrump said would love to be with the Prime Minister.  Bless you Vice President Pence, have a lovely day, & a Happy St. Patrick's Day tomorrow.
#TrumpRussia
Wonderful. Give him a slap over the border issue will you? Remind him that the future is Brexit.
Check your mail server lately? Blame HRC e-mail servers and your worse putting classified info on a unsecured public servers!
You justvstandvthere smiling and do nothing. You are about to head to jail too. Your all dirty. Be careful about droping the soap.
Keep at it Mr. Vice President.

Are they still make Obama beer at the white house?perhaps Donald should start a Whiskeys brew at the white House HSPDay .

So proud of you VP Pence, now you send tweets confirming the POTUS tweets, glad the Prez is using your plethora of gifts.

Very nice.  God bless you all to #KeepAmericaGreatAgain

Make sure we get 199A passed!
Stormie Daniels
Resign



VPOTUS THAT'S FAKE NEWS BAD VERY BAD FROM THE HUMPTY TRUMPTY PUPPET.

@POTUS in NOT honorable.
Read your Bible.
John 8:44
Ooh yes 
 Good evening! 
                         
               
          
                    
               
                         
Pssstttt.....  they don't like you!
You also joined FLOTUS.
You going to need more Luck than the Luck of the Irish to save you from this disgraceful and corrupted administration, I am sure Mr. Mueller have and audience for you too!
Heard you even tried an O’Douls too. Hope your not driving! 
All of you libraries need to be ashamed of yourself. They do say you say what you are so everything you tweet goes right back to your own dirty thoughts and wishes. Pfui!!! Oh pfui is German for nasty

OUI LES USA SERAIENT BIEN HONORES DE COMPTER PARMI SES CONVIVES EN PARTENARIAT PRODUCTIVE, UNE DES CIVILISATIONS HAUTEMENT COURTOISE ET NON MOINS PIONNIÈRE DE LA CONQUÊTE DU FAR-WEST..
Will you be happy when joined on the indictments?  Hope the RNC legal defense fund is going well.  #MAGA4PenceLegalDefense
Citizens for Ethics
@CREWcrew
4m ago

Steve Mnuchin’s office was told that a commercial flight to Miami wold cost $688 per person while a government flight would cost a total of $26,953.33. Mnuchin took a military flight that cost $45,136. #SunshineWeek
Did you shake his hand?
wonder how honored you're going to be when POTUS is indicted for money laundering and you're guilty by association, say goodbye to your presidential aspirations for not having any guts to stand up to an EgoManiac

Oh Please!
Mr. Pence, Do you have any idea what was growing out of Trump’s suit pocket?
No one's honored to have you, you represent everything in contrast to American values.
Too bad the prime minister is friends with a crook. #Moneylaundering #collusion #treason
You guys continue doing a good job despite the daily hatred coming from the evil ones. I hold you and President Trump in my prayers.

Kokomo, Indiana
#LiarPence

Pence you are just as guilty as Trump
#WillAndGrace made a cake for you
Stormy Daniels???

Thank you to the Irish Prime minister for tolerating our bigoted, homophobic @VP. I’m sorry you had to be in the same room with him.
You can block the cameras but you can not hide your homophobia and ignorance! Closed doors broadcast your small-minded bigotry to Ireland and the world! LGBTQ Rights are Human Rights!
Where is your SS uniform Mikey?
#OperationPotus

I’m sure POTUS will embarrass us all, he always does!
It's insulting that you held the meeting behind closed.
He did even use Leo's twitter handle or @ him! How insulting 
 I know the pure cheek of it

How as a Christian do you not come out and make distance from a liar sexual predator and adulterer
You don't have a choice...
Wow... Irish, by Duran duran ?
These traditions, once heartwarming reminders of our special relationships with other countries, are now embarrassing. Every time there’s a visit at the White House I cringe, wondering how (not if) this President bungled it. It’s the dignity that I miss the most.
You do know he is gay, right.
How hard was the conversion therapy for our Irish PM? I suspect you went home, got down on your knees and prayed for his soul to be saved from the fires of hell. I resent @VP being in attendance at that meeting. Proud of Ireland for their growth. Thank you PM for tolerance.
Remember when the Irish were demonized immigrants, Mike? Wonder what, a generation or two from now, Americans will think of the demonizing of other immigrant groups by the Trump regime?
You’re gross.
Soooo I heard junior is available, not trying to play matchmaker here but I have seen you express interest. It's all in the eye contact, be smooth, play hard to get and stop staring at his junk during meetings and he will be putty in your hands #DonaldTrumpJr
Hey @VP Pence. You know the Irish Prime Minister is openly gay and has a wonderful partner?
Uhhh.... did you tell him he should go to conversion therapy? @campaignforleo
Now #FireMcCabe
#BaitAndSwitch #Trump 

Don't believe a word coming from this administration

#RepublicansAreTheProblem #VoteThemOut #VoteThemOut2018

Pence Spends Entire Meeting With Taoiseach Thinking About Kissing Him http://waterfordwhispersnews.com/2018/03/16/pence-spends-entire-meeting-with-taoiseach-thinking-about-kissing-him/?utm_source=WWN_Twitter_Account&utm_medium=Twitter&utm_campaign=Social_Link&utm_content=Article …
@NatalieField1 it actually has the disguised door in the Oval Office like they do on madam sec lol
I hope he'll save the 8th in his country.
I hope he gets rid of it
Firstly You are clearly not honored to have my Taoiseach as you refused to get a photo with him because of his sexuality.
Secondly you celebrate the Irish culture and the distance your ancestors travelled.Try to remember that as you turn people away from America.#StPatricksDay
Are you just asleep!? Complacent or corrupt? Do you have anything to say that means anything or shows that you can step up and take control over a deteriorating situation?
Nice photo Op #VPPuppet
Again with the showing of ignorance he is NOT a prime minister, that’s a brit thing, he is an Taoiseach. If you are going to waffle and sound & look like an ejjit  I won’t be able to tell you and #peepeeprez apart, & at this rate @campaignforleo is looking like ye as well
Taoiseach, Minister for Defence and Leader of Fine Gael are his titles.
Varadcar - Irish?
Look mommy!
And his wife worries about women...lol
I know , right?
ПОРА ПОСАДИТЬ В ТЮРЬМУ ПУТИНА-ГОРЛУМА ЧТОБЫ НЕ УГРОЖАЛ И НЕ ДЕЛАЛ ПРЕСТУПЛЕНИЙ. БОГОСЛОВЕННАЯ МИРУ И ЛЮДЯМ МИРНЫМ.ПУТИН_ПРЕСТУПНИК ГОРЛУМ
Great friendship? You just haven't learned how to lie to them yet about trade deficits that don't exist and then laugh about it in public so the media can let the world know what an ass our leader is...go ahead, give it the Trump effort.
https://my.wealthyaffiliate.com/createaccount/spaijoin …
Great, now you’ve sullied another holiday.
Shut up and go get the coffee
#muelleriscoming for you both
Is he quitting to get a job to drive The Beast?  That's the only way he's coming to get Trump.

@realDonaldTrump must wAnt trump branding rights in Ireland and his lapdog ,Spiro Pence, is right up his **** to help

Keep clicking those Ruby Red shoes together
Your so-called Christian views are only used when it's convenient to do so. You support Trump, who is anti-christian, a sexual predator, wife cheater & rapist, who mocks the disabled and ridicules minorities and the poor. You call out Joy Behar but NEVER speak out against Trump.
Thank you for your loyalty to our country and the President of the United States of America
You do realize he's Gay 
So, discuss golf courses hotels, $ for #realDonaldTrump . Saw where there is a divorce filed! Is that like father like son?
You better run from that man #MuellerIsGettingCloser #FollowingTheMoney #TrumpRussia #TrumpAndPutin #ImpeachTrumpAndPence @VP
Y'all are doing a great job Making America respected again throughout the world. If some countries hate us, it's because they can no longer take advantage of THE U.S.....

#MAGA
Millionaire Asshole Golfing Again. And this guy is his caddy.

PM Leo Varadkar has more class and grace in his little finger than you have in your entire homophobic body. You do not represent America, you're disgraceful.
It would be nice to see you doing your own job and not be stuck up TRUMPS behind all the time.
How can you be honored to do anything with that man? Seriously, isn't he the complete antithesis of everything you "believe" in?
He is  a religious hypocrite.
were peace1/1/2018
Just as they always do, 
NorthKorea broke their  promise 8times and launched missile.
Resign
How many lies did you tell him?
What facts did Trump make up for him?
I was wondering about that as well, Elizabeth. By the way, Does anyone know what the heck was growing out of Trumps suit pocket?
#Erdogan_massacre_Afrin

the british government hope paul golding will be murdered in prison or when he comes out not speak about paedophile muslims mike there no better than the Russians
Weird    just weird   focusedly weird.
God Bless our President and Vice President.
Say it again!
Did you give him some exemptions on tariffs?









They were standing super close to the Prime Minister of Ireland because they didn't understand what he was saying because of his accent! LOL
They don't get Irish around their parts.

Wearing of the green, love it!
So much whining







