Beautiful flowers  thanks so much for our second lady showing us that 
Trump is an embarrassment to the nation this morning, as usual! Rage tweeting nonsense.
Joann you need to move on Mr Trump is a great President. He will win the Nobel Peace prize then what will you say. Please take your bitterness somewhere else
Draft dodger. Lied about tax returns. Insults POWs. Mocks disabled. Brags about walking in on naked teenagers. Affairs with porn stars. Grabs P#%)$. Proven liar. Who’s paying for the Wall.
Honey if this is the man you want, be my guest! Have at it. It’s a good look on the GOP!
What's your opinion of Bill diddling Monica in the oval office while in office?
Was he impeached?
Thanks for proving my point! 
The President hasn't done anything illegal or wrong since being elected
Barbara Bush on candidate Trumpy: "Well what about women?...I mean,  unbelievable. I don't know how women can vote for someone who said what  he said about Megan Kelly. It was terrible. And we knew what he meant,  too." Guilty as charged, Karen Pence.
I feel very sorry for people like you, very sad!
I don't feel sorry for you. Not at all. Because I know what your willful ignorance is doing to our nation. Your willingness to cheer these people on while they flush our democracy down the toilet is unacceptable. WAKE UP.
I'm so sorry that your anger has blocked your mind to reality. I would do love to have a conversation with you but you have to much anger in your heart for that to happen.have a happy life.
Reality? Did you vote for this? Are you saying this isn't real? Not interested in your hollow "happy life" bs. You need to wake up.
And our @POTUS isn’t attending the funeral for a former First Lady of his own party, rather rage-tweeting on the way to the golf course for the 109th time in office because he’s not welcome in polite society. #MAGA, amirite?
Thought it was discussed during the Obummer era that President's don't attend the funerals of former first ladies.  Or was that just the excuse during the Nancy Reagan funeral?   Be consistent....
I'll be consistent re: presidential attendance at funerals if you'll be consistent in pillorying your man #45 for golfing INCESSANTLY on our dime (as in,109 times in 16 months). Deal?
You'll be first lady soon enough... until then, we have #StormyDaniels #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrumpNow
We don’t want Pence in there either. He’s just as crooked just not as loud
Yeah go Mike pence!
Far more conservative.
Barbara Bush was a supporter of Planned Parenthood.
All the more reason to like her- she supported women’s health
Why don’t you learn from Barbara Bush? She absolutely despised Trump
Bush isn't any different than the rest of the politicians
RIP Mrs. Bush who deserved to be there because she was a good person when elections were not won by cheating with foreign adversaries
If he cheated, why hadn't Mueller arrested him or Jared or jr?
It’s coming soon.
Taking photos next to beautiful flowers doesn’t make you any less appalling.
Or her husband any better either.
Mother   what do you think about this?
Let us pray
Thank you for posting, Mrs. Pence.  I am sure Mrs. Bush is smiling down from Heaven.
And is still disgusted by what she sees in the revered offices of POTUS and VP.
No need to politicize a nice gesture by Mrs. Pence, on a day we are celebrating the life of a fine First Lady.  (But that is what you Libs are noted for.)
Prayers to the Bush family.

Also prayers to our veterans being denied all quality of life by the genocidal policies of Congress and the VA.
https://medium.com/@robertdrosejr/cruel-inhumane-punishment-for-being-a-disabled-veteran-ce06b001440a …

PLEASE call 423-794-8241 so I can help millions of Veterans & Americans as well as the addicts you want to save.
Bush family will be fine - they all have moral backbones. Please send your prayers to the crooked administration your husband is part of.
Mrs. Bush was a great First Lady. RIP.
Beautiful! Standing with you from Israel
Don't be such a suck-up. It doesn't help Israel. Most American Jews cannot stand Trump and his administration. Anything Trump appears to do for Israel is not in Israel's interest in the long run. I say this as a lifetime supporter of Israel and a volunteer in 1973 to 1974.
Just like her to send Sweet Lilacs to cheer everyone up...
My mom, born the same year as Mrs #Barbara Bush 
sent a butterfly to me after she left the material plane.
Condolences to you all and Celebration of a Life well Lived.
Take notes today..
You’ll be surprised later reading all the signs.

https://traveloguefortheuniverse.blogspot.com/2012/08/betz.html …
Betsy
Lovely lilacs, as are you Mrs Pence.
Thanks for sharing, praying for Bush family too.
Stop embarrassing yourself
Mrs. Pence, I'm sure you mean well but don't you realize how much the entire Bush family despises the man your husband swears allegiance to every day? A man who will be remembered as the worst president in history? You and your husband are part of that.
Oh Mother, aren’t you sweet? Why did you marry a gay man?
Thanks for sharing this today
I love the smell of lilacs.
Mrs Pence, Thank you for sharing.  Americans you and your family
Too bad you forgot to take your meds this morning.
I love lilacs the smell is just relaxing
You may be the only member of this administration to earn my respect.  Thank you for acknowledging her in a touching way.  The President has been tweeting insults at people all morning rather than acknowledging her passing on the day of her funeral.
Like Obama did for Billy Graham?
I know this is a bot but just to set the record straight, Pres. Obama's comment on death of Graham, eloquent as always: "Billy Graham was a humble servant who prayed for so many - and who, with wisdom and grace, gave hope and guidance to generations of Americans."
Did you know that lilacs are bisexual? Dont tell Mike!
Someone should remove that weed next to those nice flowers
Beautiful! Thank you for sharing. This is very thoughtful of you.
Mother?
Absolutely Beautiful
My favorite!
They look kinda gay. 

They didn't want you there, either, huh?
No one wants to hear your hollow, fake bs. Why don’t you go play golf with Bogus POTUS?
They're beautiful.  My mum had planted some outside my bedroom window as a kid, the fragrance was heavenly!  Enjoy the beauty in remembrance of Barbara Bush, she will be missed. What a Great Lady.
May I respectfully suggest you pass this idea along to the titular head of our government. You can reach him on the golf course!
My favorite flower. Can't grow them in #Florida so have missed them alot since moving from #Michigan. As kids, we would pluck the individual little flowers off & suck the pollen out thru the base. Very sweet tasting. Thanks for sharing! #memoriesdontdie
Thank you, @SecondLady
Nice
Karen,
You seem like a nice lady. You appreciate art, nature, and Mrs. Bush. Please escape as soon as possible. 
Ps: Take Marlon Bundo with you.
Nice share. You and VP Pence are representing America well. Stay strong, as we are praying for you both!
Go read a Bible mother
“Mikey likes this”.
Thanks Karen for your wonderful words. I will pray for her tomorrow at church. Proud of you!
Very precious to know this Mam,
Um, shouldn't she be at the memorial?
Unlike Malaria's nude photos everywhere
Thank you for a lovely memorial thought today.
RIP  Barbara Bush. I love lilacs they have such a heavenly smell.
Thanks for sharing.
Fascinating, mother.
:) she will be missed.
So beautiful.  I did not know all these wonderful things about her when she was living. I wish we could somehow get the word out about other outstanding 1st and 2nd ladies.
Then learn from her, step off your soapbox and learn to be more tolerant.
When will your spineless husband finally stand up to 45?
Thank you Mrs Pence. We may not agree politically but your statement was touching and very elegantly done. The POTUS can learn from you M’am.
Nice sentiment. You and your husband are still harmful weirdos
Then your ticket should have treated the family better when you all were running.  You can’t hide.
Beautiful. Thank you 2nd Lady Pence, for sharing!
Marks of this nature should never be forgotten because they were made by such a wonderful lady. Also my prayers go out to the Bush family,she will never be forgotten.
Thank you @SecondLady. Beautiful tribute for a beautiful woman. 
Lovely Lilacs , ever time in bloom a beautiful memory of Barbara Bush.
Yes she did touched our lives in so many ways.  Praying for the Bush's continues.  
#Praying #barbarabush
Beautiful.
Excellent,. Thank you VP Pence, 
Your best VP in history !!!
If you and mikey get any more white you'll be Transparent
Beautiful!
Lovely
Lavender Lilacs are so gay. Surprised your hands aren’t on fire 
Awe 

Thank you for sharing the Lilac bushes! I'll bet you got a little teary eyed; especially since their fragrance is wonderful!  @SecondLady
Barbara Bush didn’t like the Trumps or the Pences. Don’t use her name in vain.
Ms.Pence -  your messages always bring a smile.  Thoughts and prayers for you and your family as you and @VP continue to lead as a team.
You are beautiful inside and out  Second Lady Karen Pence! God bless and keep you & your family!
Your POTUS is skipping her funeral...how can you support him? #stepfordwife
Wait Mikey. Just wait. Suprises around the corner. Haha.   Hoping conversion therapy works on making u a decent human. Doubtful.
The scent of lilacs is hard one to get in a perfume. They are like all flowers, in bloom and over in too short a time. What I would not give to be able to wear that scent all year long. Thank you Mrs Bush and to you for enjoying her smartness to have them planted there.
That is such a good photo of you with the Lilacs. Quite fetching. :)
Thank you Mrs. @SecondLady  your such a lovely representation of a loving wife , mother and a strong woman just adore you and your husband .

Michael Flynn Jr just incriminated Mike Pence in the Trump-Russia scandal: http://www.palmerreport.com/analysis/jr-michael-flynn-mike-pence/9654/ …
Do all the plants die when Pencifer enters the room?
More Republican lies.  Mueller did not officially state whether Trump will be indicted for obstruction, collusion, treason, or related charges, so speculation at this point is a waste of time.  The only thing I'm looking forward to is Trump's impeachment.
*The “Tweets” I message here using 1st Amendment asking you/US to stop violating US/international law for the Crime Against Humanity of "Israel" get forwarded to "senator" feinstein, "senator" harris, "congressperson" lowenthal @ACLU , @theCCR , @pal_legal, @USACBI @NLGnews @FBI
Is it because you are a puppet to oligarchs is why you are a criminal for “Israel?” Are you aware a 2014 scientific study by Princeton shows the US is no democracy but an Oligarchy? Why else abet crimes? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
Mrs. Bush was mortified by Trump. Rightfully so. 
You and your husband are complicit in daily lying, pussy grabbing, blatant racism and Twitter bullying.
To bad we can't say the same for the present ones that's occupying the White House as of now nothing nothing productive that's come out of this presidency nothing to help anyone but themselves they're racist obstructionist this is the worst president and vice president in history
@SecondLady lilacs fragrant, delicate, lovely
Great way to remember a dignified woman. May she rest in peace!
This may be the kindest, classiest thing to come out of this administration so far. I realize that isn't saying much, but it's at least thoughtful.
My lovely womans

That's a beautiful tribute.   POTUS has  a beautiful bouquet of lilacs beneath Mrs. Bush's portrait in the @WhiteHouse 

Too busy to go to HOUSTON today I see.
How wonderful of you to post these beautiful pictures. What a nice tribute for one of many living legacies to her life. You are a worthy current caretaker of them.
Get away from her flowers!
I'm praying for the victims of the AIDS epidemic that your husband allowed to spread. I'm praying that his goal of diverting funds for HIV/AIDS to conversion therapy programs is never realized. 
Why do the two of you exploit others for attention?
You are nobody special
I don’t agree with your politics or that of your husband, but thank you for this today. It is decent and loving.
Mother.
If you really want to show your respect, tweet about drugged up losers, promote a rally for yourself and play a round of golf. That's how classy people do it.
Beautiful lilacs! So sweetly blessed that you and VP Pence are there. The good Lord answered many prayers when the VP and POTUS were elected. Onward...the fight us real, and there are many warriors behind you.
Those great Texas ladies and their flowers!
Nice tribute
Nature's beauty and
peacefulness. BEAUTIFUL 
I love them, and have some planted in my yard 
Nice tribute
Thank you for pointing that out.  Thank you for having some class.  Don't agree with your husband on most issues, but we need some civility.
What a nice tribute. Thanks for sharing.
Thank you for sharing beautiful memories of Mrs. Barbara Bush Mrs 2ndLady Pence. May all the fond memories be a comfort to the Bush Family and helps heal their Hearts. Amen. 
Very nice
Please do not be fooled by North Korea! I will not abandon nuclear weapons! Do not repeat the same mistake again! It will take time to recover if it takes time. North Korea is not that sweet!
That is so special that Gods Artistry appeared today for this amazing First Lady. I am sure she is smiling down from heaven as  you are enjoying these beautiful flowers she planted. God bless the whole Bush family!
The lilacs are lovely
Shook @VP hand MN on tax tour
Am in awe for what is about to happen in America & world under his leadership
w/ @realDonaldTrump 
New spring day for us all
Imagining a new world on the other side / trust plan / Q
Like Norman Rockwell circa 1950
Thank U for sacrifice
Very fortunate to have you and the VP helping our country.  Thank you.
Hahahaha. Oh, good one. Hahahaha.
STHU
Thank you for this tribute from one fine American to another.
It amazes me that this Administration is so weak they need bots to pump up Mother’s twitter feed.  FFS. 
I love lilacs.  How can you stand that lying, immoral Trump ?
I heard those plants are gay. You better go grab @mike_pence by the arm and stay there until he prays the gay away. I'm not letting you in the White House until you get that right. BTW - I just saw @mike_pence talking to a woman without you there. You better go now!
...AND YET EVEN --SHE-- WAS SMART ENOUGH TO NOT VOTE FOR TRUMPY HUH? TOO BAD U ALL R TOO BLIND TO SEE WHAT THE REST OF US HAVE SEEN AND KNOWN FOR A LONG TIME NOW.


Pence was honored to be with a guy who created a tent concentration camp for the poor. WWJD? Let’s put Mike marketing himself as a devout Christian on pause. The less Christian you act, the more likely you’re flattered…
https://business.facebook.com/muabanmaygiattaihanoi/?business_id=1522152934573260 …
I love lilacs. My favorite. They aren’t in bloom@yet in Illinois . Still too cold. But I know they will be here soon. 
We know what you grow

As most know, my daughter was killed in the Parkland school shooting. Please sign the petition and ask VP Pence to become part of the solution for gun safety.
https://petitions.moveon.org/sign/demand-mike-pence-not?source=s.fb&r_hash=isx2YIO8 …
@LegalForTrump Lilac's a wonder sweet smeeling flower
I love lilacs! I truly miss them.
Karen, You must know how evil Trump is. How can you let your husband be near him.
My mother planted a lilac bush in Chattanooga, TN 70 yrs ago. It survived (they normally don't in the South). I loved it growing up. When we relocated to Colorado Springs, CO, I had my husband plant me several in our back yard.  They Flourish here! Love Them So Much! Lovely!
Like Agent Orange touched her.

Beautiful
Praise God for Pres Trump and VP Pence. Leaders who actually care about the forgotten men and women of this country. They may not be perfect, just God forgiven, but neither is anyone else. God has placed them where they are for a reason. God loves us.
Thank you “mother” For this ever so helpful insight
Mrs. Bush didn't approve of Trump.  You know quite well what she said regarding him. With her sharp-witted humor, had she known a Trump supporter used those lilacs in a fake photo-op to garner favor and appear sympathetic would've had her saying "I wished I'd planted poison ivy"
Barbara Bush detested Donny.
Wonderful. Do these grow in Russia too?
Very nice of you to forward. Just cut a few myself from our garden to place in the house in memory- thank you from Californa
Beautifully said..A Grand lady with class...
You should pray for our country instead. You know your insipid husband sold his soul to the #orangeoize. You know that, don’t you??? @VP
They look better than the half million people killed in the Iraq Wars.
She was a class act. 


among other things, Flynn Jr. seems to be implying here that Pence is the liar. https://www.cbsnews.com/news/pence-i-knew-flynn-lied-to-me-about-russian-contacts-when-he-was-fired/ …
Good afternoon second lady.
Beautiful
WE ALL ARE PRAYING FOR HER AND FAMILY
Purple flowers are my favorite.

Beautiful blooms, a fitting tribute!
It’s time, Mikey. You know what to do.
@FBI Stop abetting "Israel's" crimes w/my tax dollars. End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel." “Political language is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectful and give an appearance of solidarity to pure wind” ~ #GeorgeOrwell
What did Theadore Herzl (founded "zionism" = fascism/organized crime) mean when he wrote, "The antisemites will become our most dependable friends, antisemite countries our allies"? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is fascism; "zionism"/"Israel”
@FBI Why do we give more military aid to “Israel” than any other state? Considering you are violating US and international law W/aid to "Israel' are you stealing from US tax payers? Stop stealing from me; end our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
Why are you abetting crimes committed by organized crime/fascism and/or “zionism?” You a criminal violating US & international law for “Israel” because you are a puppet for fascists and/or the oligarchs? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
How does it feel being a puppet to #oligarchs controlling you, the US, essentially stealing from US tax payers violating US & international law abetting murder Crimes Against Humanity with my tax dollars? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
You aware "Israel" murders children for sport? Ref @ChrisLynnHedges. Despite your claim; murdering children for sport is not one of my values.  Stop abetting murdering children for sport w/my tax dollars. End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
@FBI Stop being a criminal. Why are you violating 22 U.S. Code § 2378d the Symington Amendment & international law for "Israel?" Stop abetting war crimes/crimes against humanity wi/my tax dollars. Please end our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”


HYPOCRITE Mike Pence Argued For Criminalization Of Adultery Before Joining Trump Ticket

Who's Hotter, step MaMa or Aubrey


Never Forget Puerto Rico  #HurricaneMaria  Rebuild Puerto Rico before Hurricane season 2018. Innocent people will die. DO SOMETHING NOW or #resign 
Beautiful
Mike,  you are cool.
Pence does not respect women!! A law he signed as Governor putting the State in charge of women’s bodies just ruled unconstitutional! Mike violates the US Constitution to substitute his judgment for a woman over HER body!!! Just like Trump!
Sadly your husband learns nothing from her legacy and compassion for others.

More than 55 percent of 762 farmers and ranchers surveyed in a California Farm Bureau Federation report from October 2017 said half of their land continues to go unattended because of an ongoing labor shortage directly related to U.S. immigration policy. https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-02/california-fruit-is-going-to-die-on-the-vine-after-ice-raids …
And the band played on
Good afternoon, dear Mrs. Pence! It would be very good if you urged the American authorities to stop the war in Syria. Then it would be possible with a quiet soul to admire the plants in your garden.
RIP, Mrs. Bush.
Beard.
