YOU need to take care of this via #RealLegislation 
#SaveOurChildren
#EndMassShootings
#PoliticiansNeedToWatchTheEntireVideo!
We can't get rid of guns in any form. We need them for protection and hunting.
#FoodForThought
#CommonSenseLegislation
#ReadTheWholeArticle
#GunControl
#CharacterReferencesFromConjugalPartnersPlus

http://vitaminw.co/change/want-gun-ask-your-wife-first …
I read the first paragraph and all I have is this to say. Who cares if your spouse has to sign off on it? Also it's everyone's constitutional right to own a gun only if they grow through the background checks and don't have a criminal record longer than my house.

If you are ever in Nebraska, please visit the art therapy organization that @CaraLoken #MSOY found.
Wonderful @SecondLady .

It's  beautiful how GOD is using you.
You're in my prayers. 
Remember to get rest and relaxation @VP @SecondLady .
Love you.

More newsworthy would be Second Lady tour of schools & hospitals while working to keep radical white supremacist christian terrorists from KILLING children who attend #ArtTherapy.

Funny how easily you people allow, enable & accept DEAD BABIES in school shootings. Bad Republicans
You mean this young man, who is a registered Democrat, and ah is wearing an ANTIFA t-shirt bought by George Soros, and who the ANTIFA movement doesn't want his picture retweeted? You might want to do your research first. Then apologise to our 2nd Lady.
Ummm...No, Sweetie. None of what you wrote is true. It's all  Trump-Russia lies and propaganda. The monster you are referring to is a TRUMP SUPPORTER; a crazy arsed radical white supremacist christian terrorist.

Do YOUR research and stop blindly following the cult of tRump.
Aww cutie pie , you are getting confused. The local law enforcement and FBI have debunked the white supremacist claim. No one has debunked the covered faces of an ANTIFA member.
What a great role model 
Quaint
Very important this for hospitals
Your husband is apprentice to a man who pays porn stars for sex. I hope that he doesn't pick up any bad habits.
And he doesn't speak to Jesus.
Thank you.  What children with cancer really need is increased funding for research.  Can we talk?

Art can be therapeutic and offer creative outlets for children and adults.  Please help keep art in public school curriculum.
Practicing for The Throne?
forgot this one already?
Wasting tax payer money again/still
What a colossal waste of taxpayer $....just an excuse for her to travel around the world and country at our expense!
You husband needs to go to electric shock therapy. Just let him be gay mother. It will save the world.
That’s your claim to fame?
Can all those surviving victim, loved ones n families who lost children in the Parkland shooting go there for therapy for their wounds since ur husband has the victims’ blood on his hands when he idly stands by letting the NRA dictate gun policy!
Did Donald Trump shoot up the school? No. How could you say such a horrible and bigoted thing. You are almost as worse as the man that pulled the trigger! Have some sympathy for the fallen and hope change comes soon to public schools

We love our Second Lady! A strong man needs a strong woman behind him. Thank you for your service to this country!
Thank you for your great work !!
2nd Lady was a teacher, she looks natural surrounded by children.
It sure seems like you are a kind person who actually believes lives can be improved through art.  If this is the case, PLEASE speak up against the President's proposed budget, which slashes federal funding for access to art education.
Ten Thousand Laid-Off Workers Later, Sam’s Club “Transforms” Its Business
Most insurance does not pay for this.
How about the kids killed in florida, oh wait thats not that important
Tell hubby to support gun control.
Thanks for doing all you can to help young people. Your an example of all that's good in our country. Thoughts and Prayers to you and your Husband.
Where are your thoughts and prayers or are you planning art therapy for the families of the dead. You are an embarrassment
You're a strong woman with a good agenda. You should protect your husband and family from being scapegoats trump. You're too smart to not know that your husband is going to be a scapegoat soon!
Welcome to Texas. Hope they treat you well down in S.A. Go get some good barbecue while you are here ... good for your soul! Thanks for caring about the children.
DID SHE GIVE THEM THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS
How quaint. Meanwhile as Trump plays golf, and Pence continues to not care, people are burying their kids. But I’m sure this was Uber important.
Your intelligence is very  impressing but, what does this have anything to do with the second lady and the children ?? !!!
I was joking about your intelligence!!
Nothing.  Just a mindless Trump hater.
Better than conversion therapy!
Do you know what would help them more? Universal Healthcare, but that would just be too Christian for you, wouldn't it?

Comment please on stories that while married to third wife Melania, Trump had an affair with Stormy Daniels, then Karen McDougal! 
Is this new emphasis of GOP FAMILY VALES?
Do not abide the evil.
What a beautiful, gracious second lady but VP’s first
Maybe tell your husband and the puppet to not cut funding for the arts.
America loves you.
youre talking about San
We love you and VPOTUS! Thank you for everything you are doing for Christianity and for our beautiful country. God bless you and yours.

You're a demon. I rebuke in Jesus name.
Perhaps Karen can convince her husband to undergo Art Therapy to rid himself of his medieval beliefs about women, homosexuality, and right and wrong.
Take your hand of your pants and stop stalking women
You talking about Cadet Bone Spurs
Fuck the second lady!

Awesome 2nd Lady 
Thank you.
Please ignore the ignore the rudeness of people, this program is so amazing. When people start bashing the program because of their political intolerance you have to question their humanity, especially when children with cancer are involved. Good for you and this program.
What would help children that are sick HEALTHCARE OR CHIP which your VP & his mother don't support & have cut funding great Christian
As an artist who uses art to keep a clear mind and head, I fully believe in and support this type of program. I just wish this was offered in all counties in all states.

Melania,
When is enough enough?

https://www.nytimes.com/2018/02/16/us/trump-mcdougal-playboy-model.html …
#potus #trump #MAGA #news
@realDonaldTrump
@IvankaTrump
@MELANIATRUMP @Cabinet
Great job! Mrs. @SecondLady Pence! 
IN THE NEWS: Second Lady Tours Art Therapy Program At San Antonio Children's Hospital | Texas Public Radio
How about listening to the children who ate hurting from the shooting because Dump & administration allows mentally ill to buy guns
You’ll be touring federal prison soon to see your husband. Hope you get consensual visits. Just kidding I really don’t hope you get those either
I think of you as a cock block for Mikey.  Don't want him falling off the gay conversion wagon.
