
How could a man so close to #Jesus so blatantly lie in this tweet. None of what #Pence tweets here is remotely true. #TheSonOfGod will not like this dishonesty. #WhatWouldJesusDo ?  Not lie & not protect #Trump.
Pence is a Nouveau Christian. Nouveau Christians worship Trump and the billionaires who bribe them. Did you see this?
As is the majority of the Republican evangelical fascist party.
So, what’s your favorite Kanye album?
I can't deal!!
So you cannot fly with out her either? 
Oh Mother.
I'm getting $42.00 more every payday. As a teacher, that's not crumbs, it's a full loaf of bread!! Thanks GOP!
Omg really? I’m so sorry, teachers deserve much much more! I really mean it! Education is incremental for our future. Why should the 1% get a bigger tax break than you??
Desi, I'm an economics teacher and you don't know what you're talking about. 80% of Americans will get a tax cut.
Talk to my cpa
@VP No. Not in Texas. Mine got higher. @SecondLady
I've seen my tax cuts now & no @NancyPelosi, NOT CRUMBS! Thank you @POTUS!

Tax cut?  But I’m not rich so where’s mine?

Your tax cut dollars are being gobbled up by higher gas and consumer prices and higher interest rates. Your tax scam is a win win for the top 1%
Yes $10.00 is very helpful now that the gas prices are going up so I can make it to my job so the CEO can afford his vacation home ...
By the way how much did you and Mother score on the Tax scam...
Did you read the bill? Apparently not @vp. The 1% may represent 90% of your donors. They are definitely not 90% of working families. Nice try. But not even close to true.


Giving thumbs up to a flock of geese passing by.



You’ll be Landing here soon #Pence Knew
Knew what?
Mueller probe has gone nowhere near Pence's orbit.
There's been zero leaks to indicate Mueller is looking into anything even remotely connected to Pence. You're just a troll trying to stir the pot.
Please stop in Illinois!! Our state needs HELP....BADLY! We're bankrupt....no thanks to decades of liberal Democrat policies that have sunk Illinois! We need a more conservative governor who'll get us out of this mess! Rauner is NOT doing his job!
We sure do!


No sir it’s not a great tax bill! You pay my increased taxes for 2018! This tax cut only helps you, your cronies, and corporate USA!
BSBS Stay in Washington and stop wasting those 90% of of Americans tax money to lie about taxes! WTH
I'm an NC resident. My paycheck is almost $200 more per month. Thank you and all repubs for the tax reform!
God bless you both!
Welcome to Milwaukee Vice president Pence
Pls leave.
Dios guié sus pasos para poder ver de nuevo a las Américas prosperas y libres.
Stay there and never come back.  Thanks. 
Also that was a clever bit of wordplay you did there. You're right, 90% of working families WILL see the tax cut DIMINISH their paychecks before this year is out. Next year? OBLITERATED. Especially since you're cutting HC.

Who cares.
#MuellerIsComing
Mr. Vice President I’m a single guy and I’m paying six dollars more a week what the hell kind of tax benefits is there for me at least all your buddies got theirs I guess screw the rest of us
If you look forward to talking to working class families you’d take a bus. Like working class families. #fake

副總統：加油！支持！讚美！陳振生，台灣，高雄市。
What is there to NOT love about crumbs?#MAGA

and its all gone to rising gas prices. Insurance rates climbing from Trump sabotaging ACA. The list goes on forever. Recession will come eventually.

An analysis by The AP shows the nation's six big Wall Street banks saved at least $3,590,000,000 in taxes last quarter, thanks to the recently enacted Trump tax law. https://apnews.com/96589643061e4437bd45fdcc35959fe0 …
The vice president has arrived in Milwaukee, in order to lie effortlessly alongside Wisconsin's premier effortless liar, Scott Walker.
I'm curious.  How will the Tax cuts help Senior citizens, if at all?  Social Security is way below the poverty level.
They're not helping me.  Come talk to me.

GFY
VP Pence I know you're a big supporter of The unborn and the disabled. Can you work with President Trump to get Alfie Evans to Italy for medical treatment?
The difference between what the 1% saves in tax cuts as compared to the working class is disgusting....Paul Ryan received $500,000.00 from the Koch brothers for passing the tax bill....THAT speaks volumes.
This really is all you do all you do is go praise the “tax cuts” we the PEOPLE see through you @SenatorBaldwin will be reelected easily
The big banks will welcome you and your wife!! $4 billion just last quarter!!

#resign
#kagYE

Resign
One of the things that makes you and your husband shine is your undeniable love and respect for each other. The last time I saw this kind of true devotion in the White House was when George Bush and Barbara were there. It isn't something you can fake. Don't change, please.
Welcome to Wisconsin!!!
Sad thing. Interest rates went up with gas prices. What good is tax cuts when you have to spend more on necessities? The banks really need to be limited to the rate they charge on credit cards. Lots of people live off them, when do we the people get a break!
Phony.
Karen is fat. She needs to lose weight
Liberal tolerance 101.  Good job, bud.
Useless!

BREAKING: US economic growth slowed to 2.3 percent rate in Q1 as consumer spending weakened.
Beautiful and handsome family thank Y'ALL God bless y'all love blessings to you all in Jesus Christ name AMEN
But nobody showed up?
Beautiful picture
YES healing with the heart is what i am doing it takes patience many do not see what is right in front of their faces
LOVE ALL
THANK YOU
You’re all gonna be crying next Spring when you have to pay the IRS on April 15th
I cry BULLSHIT SIR.

Wow it must be a dream were having after the crumbs jabbing
#NRABloodMoney
As most know, my daughter was killed in the Parkland school shooting. Please sign the petition and ask VP Pence to become part of the solution for gun safety.
https://petitions.moveon.org/sign/demand-mike-pence-not?source=s.fb&r_hash=isx2YIO8 …
peace agrement were vice presdent...
I know what I'll do with my $12 tax cut, build a bridge or sumpin'.

@TravelWI @WiStateJournal @wisgop @BadgerFootball @BadgerMBB @UWBadgers @UWMadison @UWCL 
You, POTUS, McConnell and Ryan have proven ad nauseum that you don’t give a shit about the working class, the middle class and especially the lower class. Your budget czar Mulvaney came out and admitted he can be bought. So get back on OUR plane and fly back to your swamp.
More GOP Lies! 
Promised the average American Family $4k-$9k ... reality is only $323.00.
Are you going to talk about all the Pink Slips that were included w/those 1 time limited bonuses or the # of jobs that left (Carrier, GM, Kimberly-Clark etc). Wage increases - where are they
You guys are still taking victory laps from the #TaxScam? Maybe try to do something else? I know multitasking is hard for you, but try.
No such thing as #SecondLady
Have a great day!
Stormy Daniels?  Oh the OTHER second lady...lol...your boss is an evil pig and that makes YOU one
Did you have a hard time finding any?
Toss the msses pennies and hand the greedy billions... oh and then make the poor and middle class pay for your stupidity down the road after you have been imeached or voted out of office. How CHRISTIAN of you.

Kanye West has broken free from the mental prison of the left. Liberals hate diversity of thought... They are enraged when a black man in America voices opinions that are contrary to the liberal narrative. Keep fighting #Kanye. Don’t let the left control you. #MAGA
Oh, look, the arts and crafts lady and the White Walker!
And those same 90% will be paying the taxes for businesses because of the tax bill that all you crooks passed.
Your doing a great job

Sen. Rand Paul says President Trump’s CIA director nominee Gina Haspel is “a really bad choice to head the CIA” because of her record on torture 
Why don’t you come to NJ and I can tell you how it helped me? It didn’t you greedy asshole!
How about tackling the energy sector that powers home.gave yall the solution for free energy no family should be cold or hot in their homes worrying about the electric bill,Now that would be noble.
oh the tax scam ya thanks
Riding with mommy?
God bless our President and Vice President.  You both are the best ever.
I feel the hot air coming from the lies  Mr Pence that is blatantly not true. No pay raise and only tax increases here. Only the rich got the tax cuts.
#LyingPence forgets to mention that the rich will see MILLIONS of dollars in cuts, while the average guy won't notice the difference. Then, they take your Social Security.

Liar! This tax cut was a theft of our tax dollars and a pay off to big contributors. Stop the lies. 
Can’t wait to see impeached and leave office in shame!
Beautiful picture 
That $4,000 raise Donald Trump and Paul Ryan promised you was a trickle-down lie
Trump's tax plan should save the largest American companies $150 billion — here's how they're spending that money
Lies. All Lies.
How about before the November Elections, or do you use end the year to get your failed tax bill as your crutch for political reasons.

How many people could have health care for $3.59 billion? Child care? A college education? Housing? Food? https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/987325029393293313 …
What about the rising gas prices???  You gonna talk about that?? 
planning any fake outrage walk-outs on this trip?
You practicing your pardoning?  Pay double for your MAGA hat and double your contribution to Mike Pence legal defense.
e que  isso sirva de lição para os empregadores americanos. não é  para que se acostumem a trabalhar sem melhorar o desempenho e os custos de produtos e serviços.
That’s bullshit! You said 28k of the Wisconsin workforce had seen raises and bonuses. That’s 0.9333% of the workforce. LESS THAN 1%! This is a tax scam to move more money to the rich and you know it! Mother is ashamed of you! She thinks #yousuck #PenceNotXtian
God is watching you...
Enjoy that $6 per week and its not permanent but the tax relief for corporations and the rich is permanent.  All the people who make $75,000 or less will be paying for these tax cuts.  Great job Republicans you screwed us again.  jk
Make sure to have that audience screened ahead of time
Propaganda and lies

Great job and respect!
Did you realize the #TaxScamBill will eliminate jobs in  #rvindustry? Those are #Hoosierjobs #bearingfalsewitness
You and the Mrs are AWESOME!
Go talk to the 200 Phillips employees just lost their jobs even though the compnay saved millions on taxez
Lets say a prayer for Donald and Stormy
Go find a nice glory hole while you’re there. Mother (aka #TheBeard) will understand.

Such a fake!
Are you gonna explain that y'all threw a few years of tax cuts to the 'commoners' but it's permanent for the 1%?

OPCW Allegedly Finds No Evidence of Chemical Attack Near Target of Airstrikes - http://www.oann.com/opcw-allegedly-finds-no-evidence-of-chemical-attack-near-target-of-airstrikes/ … #OANN 
Funny , pence attacked the democrats for spending. Didnt mention the trillion omnibus spending bill passed by Republicans
Not to mention the dept ceiling, planned parenthood funding, Obama care insurance bailouts  etc...


Did you fly Southwest?
Don't you mean how they are helping corporations and your cronies?  So dishonest.
And the cut is more than enough to offset the ACA expense.
Yet, ACA is still on the chopping block because of the expense.
Be sure to thank them for padding the election for your boy.
You are a hypocrite!#Cult45VP
4th lady..
Make sure you follow-up with those same people when they end up owing $$$ after they do their tax returns next year 
You won't be welcomed!

I bet the top 2% are happier!  I’m sure this “great tax cut” will come back to bite you!
Hey pence. Those tax cuts aren’t helping me—I’m not wealthy and not a corporation!  I’m just a middle class citizen!!
Shill on!
Tool.
I dont live in Wisconsin but the #TaxScam is not helping me in any way shape or form.
#GOPlies
Keep up your great work! We appreciate it
Fake tax cuts tax cuts for millionaires and corporations. We will vote the GOP out!! #GOPTaxScam
Macron shredded you and your policies before Congress. HAHAHAHA! I think I'm in love!
Is that your sister or your mom? I demand birth certificates #incest
According to his religion we are all here due to incest. Your hash tag is #moot
FAKE NEWS.  How can a tax code that hasn't had an entire year to go into effect yet be helping people in Milwaukee? Your lies are ridiculous. Now stop murdering prostitutes. #Jacktheripper
Pence you're wearing out the lie welcome. Trump/Pence administration is corrupt and a joke. A shame for America!
If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land." 2 Chronicles 7:14
All you have to do is perpetuate that lied till after November right?
Do you know that the  un-reimbursed employee expense deduction was eliminated which affects those which have per diem for working away from home, mileage deduction, tools for mechanics, travel expenses for pilots and other airline workers -  their taxes will increase in 2018.
Welcome to Wisconsin! 
Those TWO YEAR tax cuts on the backs of the 49 MILLION seniors who are getting Medicare & Social Security cuts FAR MORE than the tiny TEMPORARY TAX SCAM.
PERMANENT BIZ TAX CUTS
Small Biz pays 5% MORE than BIG Biz - when they create more jobs. WHY?
Please come check out mine so I can show you my $40.00.
Mike I don’t like your policy or beliefs or even anything you have to say but I do respect that you stay the course, you have respect remain calm and act very presidentially thanks buddy I mean that sincerely.. your liberal neighbor!
Thank you VP Pence
You walk with satan
I like Mother's suit. You, not so much.
I thought *YOU* were the Second Lady?
All the best, a better way forward. Thanks.
Ask their kids if they enjoy paying Trillion Dollar Ryans debt while theyl 1% golf.
You are the biggest enabler in history and you will never be president because you are going down together with your boss.

43% get nothing or an increase. Liar

And when it phases out a majority get increases while the fat cats steal our future

#PenceKnew #PenceLies #EvilPence
By the way, I see your outrageous abortion law you signed in Indiana was just ruled unconstitutional. Hell, as bad as Trump is, you'd be much worse.
Link it
Um, unless middle America makes billions, it doesn't do shit for them. Way to be out of touch.
everybody pays taxes dignity and defenseless for when you retire
#GOPTaxScam
