Linda Brown, who as a third grade student was at the center of the 1954 Brown v. Board of Education Supreme Court decision that ended school segregation in the United States, has died at age 76. https://cbsn.ws/2pHlDZI  

Also to Pence 
An ABOMINATION in the eyes of God!
Glad you speak fongod now. Also http://judging.is  a sin!

Sweetheart, it didn't happen during his presidency, but rather, over a decade ago...unlike your example.
A God fearing Christian who condones adultery. Interesting.
So adultery only counts when it happens in the White House? I am honestly confused.
So, should we have gone after Obama for getting a blowjob by a gay chauffeur before he was president? I'm confused.
You forfeited the right to pretend you care about racial justice when you walked out of that football game.
The idea that someone forfeits the right to racial justice when it does not agree with your stance or views is completely ridiculous.  VP @VP Pence walked out based on his viewpoint of the situation. You all need to step back and realize there are other views on this subject.
Shallow words from a racist.
"I’m someone who believes in more monuments, not less monuments. What we ought to do is we ought to remember our history,” said Mike Pence, in regards to Confederate monuments.
I agree the VP
Sweet. Want a cookie?
Nice of you to offer.
And you will be remembered as the VP who LITERALLY sold his soul to the devil.
Now, now, be fair.
We can't be sure he ever had a soul to sell.
Fair point, so stipulated
As a Hoosier, 10/10 can confirm Pence did have a soul.  He traded it for a door to Narnia, set deep, DEEP in his closet.
As a Phoenician, and seeing the stunts your state continues to pull on women... I hope you are rallying every friend, acquaintance, and family member for the vote in November. Help people register and get ids. Talk to them about the things the local rag and Fox News won’t say.

Jealousy tweets

I get it. You're jealous. I can't help you

How dew ewe knot proof reed yore meme for eras bee four tweeting it.
Yeah with how f’ed up things are spelling is so important. If trump can’t spell why does anyone else need to?
It's a meme. You have time to get it right.

Hmmmmmmmmmmmmm...very interesting! I thought they wanted him for the evangelical vote, but now it all makes sense!  #FollowTheMoney #LockHimUp
His brother is a VP at Cummins, who has large Russian contracts. They are Indiana based, and are in the top 2 donors for Pence. Eli Lily was another in the top 2, and they had charges leveled by the SEC for bribery of Russian officials to increase their market share in Russia.
Wow! Where have I been???!? I didn’t know any of this! Makes me so crazy when people act so freaking pious, but they are actually hypocritical assholes! Thanks for the info.  #KnowledgeIsPower #EvangelicalHypocrites
Who is doing that? Voting rights belong to the citizens of this country, not the dreamers and illegals that the left wants to be able to vote.
Illegals isn’t a noun and its usage  is ONLY a way to dehumanize people.
I said they are here illegally. That means against the law. I am all for people making a better life for themselves and their families, just do it the right way, like millions of other people have done.
Sorry, I did say illegals. How about non-citizens?
She deserves a state funeral. You know like the one Graham recieved.
Ohhh. Love this! Needs a hashtag.
Somehow I don’t think @vp would jump on this idea but it is a great idea!
Random racist: "But Mr. Pence it's my sincerely held religious belief that the races must be separate." @VP:"Are you sure?" RR: "I swear on the grave of Nathan Bedford Forrest". @VP "OK; can't deny your religious freedom.Segregation now, segregation tomorrow, segregation forever"
He talked with FaraCon?
Farrakhan learned from wypipo

Point?
Point is that @VP is a vocal supporter of "religious liberty" laws which come down to legalized discrimination against LGBTQ folks. If you can claim your religion says you can treat gay people differently, then it goes to divorced people or people having premarital sex. Or race.

Aleem, hi  anyway, do you agree? That no one is sinless except God. Be grateful to Christians, they’re the ones who made this country great & have shared it all over the world  & every peaceful religion R welcome to USA  but not to preach their own laws! #BanShariaLaw
Yeah except you are working to turn back the clock to 1950
Or even 1850.
She certainly will be. And you may be remembered as the vice president who all but defended confederate monuments and walked out of a football stadium because you were so offended by young black men peacefully protesting continued racial injustice. Please do better.
JUST GET HIM OUT OF OFFICE!
You walked out of a football game because of football players peacefully protesting inequality.  Also your track record of creating laws for equal treatment for marginalized groups (in particular for the LGBTQ Community and Women) really isn't good.
To say the least!
I dont even know what to say here #MikePence... do I mock you for your obvious #hypocrisy? Do I state facts about your lifes work to deny civil rights to the #LGBTQ community? Do I get angry about #ICE and the #Dreamers? Do we talk about the #Muslims? 

#ImpeachTrump #DumpPence
So many hypocrisies, so little Twitter characters.
"I’m someone who believes in more monuments, not less monuments. What we ought to do is we ought to remember our history,” said Mike Pence, in regards to Confederate monuments.

August 22, 2017

It’s going to be glorious watching you go to prison, too.
This is so disrespectful. Are you capable of respecting the dead and people who pay their respects for one minute of your life? Try it. Politics aside. 

RIP Linda Brown
Suck my ass.  How about that?
So you are incapable...point proven 
As a veteran I don't feel disrespected by those who kneel to protest injustice. 
I do feel disrespected by Trump pissing on the Constitution. 
I know which side of history you're on.
Thank you for your service. Thank you for your continuing fight. There is NO excuse that you fight for freedom, but come back to this.
NICE PROFILE PIC  SEND ME ONE
Snip it and clip it.
How dare you speak about equal treatment?  So disgusting.  You should not even be allowed to speak her name...
A preacher calling someone a hypocrite... Fresh
Quiet, hypocrite, no one believes a word you have to say.
And yet, you said you "stand with the President" when he made hateful remarks about the Charlottesville protestors and called white nationalists (you know, the KKK & their ilk) "very fine people"
Nobody is buying your feigned interest in equality.  You do not desire equality, you desire theocracy.
infused with a corrupt mostly evangelical  kleptocracy.
Wow, I’m surprised you had time to tweet, I would have thought covering up for @POTUS porn stars and Russian collusion would be quite labor intensive. We’re coming for you Mike and so is Mueller.
Hey remember when you flounced out of a football game because some of the players were protesting police brutality in the name of racial equality and equal treatment under the law?

That was a fun time, right? You liked that, didn't you Mike.
"I’m someone who believes in more monuments, not less monuments. What we ought to do is we ought to remember our history,” said Mike Pence, in regards to Confederate monuments.
You walked out of a football game just to say F U to black players protesting inequality 
Remember when you spent government money just to walk out of a football game?
Remember when you told NFL players not to protest inequality in America and now your posting this to look righteous? Good times.
*youre I was wrong there. See? I CAN ADMIT WHEN I WAS WRONG

Linda Brown will also be remembered as someone who would’ve been appalled by a politician who walked out on black athletes taking a knee as a form of peaceful protest for racial inequality. Your words are insincere! 
Congrats! This laughably hypocritical tweet just inspired me to donate to @swingleft! You're doing great work, you racist and sexist piece of crap!
"I’m someone who believes in more monuments, not less monuments. What we ought to do is we ought to remember our history,” said Mike Pence, in regards to Confederate monuments.
You assault her legacy on the daily bro.
Why did Paul Manafort beg Trump to choose you as his @VP?
Did they want you because they have photos and videos of you in compromising positions with young men and you are easily blackmailable? Asking for a Russian-influenced Democracy.
That would Trump any pee tape.
Yeah. Like you give a fuck. You are the leader of the party of bigots, racists, and traitors.
You’re the Vice President for someone who called white supremacists very fine people. Don’t even pretend to support civil rights.
Get your facts right. They disrespected the National Anthem. They are worth millions of dollars and could afford to support their right to protest. Don't do it on my $ or my time. I don't blame them one bit. I would protest with them but not at my sports time.
Get your facts right. White supremacists Trump called very fine people were in the tiki torch Nazis in Charlottesville, not with respect to kneeling during the anthem. And get your facts straight about that too. They were protesting not the anthem, but police brutality and racism

This from the guy who attended a football game so he could walk out when players peacefully protested police brutality by kneeling during the national anthem. And I know I'm not the first person to say it, but I want to keep reminding you of your hypocrisy.
And you'll be remembered as a racist mama's boy.  BTW, you are going down, also.
You should try honoring people fighting for equality before they die. You know, instead of fighting against them every step of the way.
Do you actually read the tweets that some staffer types for you?
Hypocrite. Traitor. Liar.
Save it. We remember what you did at the Colts game.
Those are nice sentiments about Linda Brown but how do you says those things and be part of the effort to reverse all progress made since than. Weakening the voteing rights act and fair houseing. Destroying anti discrimination laws encourageing fear and hatred of others. Fix it
Your political party is filled with people who would have preferred she'd stayed quiet. To say otherwise is willful ignorance.
Then why do you insist on vilifying NFL players who protest police brutality against people of color? 
#whitewash
Hypocrite
Bigot
You don't even deserve to comment on her life and legacy. Black men took a respectful knee to simply say "stop killing us", and you walked out of a football game as if they didn't have the right. Fuck you.
Let's not forget that white evangelicals were at the forefront of the fight to keep schools segregated. So not much has changed.
Who wrote this for you?
If you really want to honor Linda Brown then join the fight for equality and equal treatment  for all Americans, including LGBTQ folks. Reinstate Transgender Troops!!! #supporttranstroops #LGBT #LGBTQ #transgender #CivilRights @HRC @ACLU @realDonaldTrump
And if you were in the court you would have found some reason to decide against her
You walked out of an NFL game because black men were silently and respectfully protesting racial inequality.
In fairness he only went to the game so he could walk out while black men silently protested.
Mike Pence will be remember as a towering bigot in the fight against equality & equal treatment under the law. His role in perpetuating hate and exclusion has brought great disappointment to our nation & his notoriety will live on for decades. May he GTFO of office asap.
As well as his assault on women's rights, go to hellsss pearl clutcher!
you walked out of a football game to protest a black guy protesting
Imagine if you had an ounce of her courage?
I take it that Your hood is at the dry cleaners.
Pretty sure you would’ve actively prevented her from attending the white school. 
Oh snap!  @VP is going to be PISSED when he finds out what his aid tweeted from his account!
Empty words coming from you and your ilk, including @BetsyDeVosED, Stephen Goebbels-Miller, and your tiki-torch #MAGAt mob.  You have your place in history along with David Duke.  That place shares no space with Linda Brown or any who have struggled alongside her for so long.
Co. & Press
Mr. Vice-President:

The President called certain African and Latin American "shitholes". He failed to condem neo-fascists rallying as he had also enforced stereotypes about Mexican migrants. He has further expressed his contempt for women. What is this contradiction?
Says the man who was the tie-breaker vote for @BetsyDeVosED and her anti-public education agenda. #schoolchoiceisnochoice
Make no mistake. In another era, Pence would be aiming the firehose.
It's kinda hard to sound sincere, for example, about heroes like Harriet Tubman, while also protecting statues of the men she was helping people run away from
You’re certainly not one to speak on this subject, Pence.
And she'd punch you in the face for your tireless work to discriminate against the poor and the LGBT community.

You're like the racist with the one black friend.

Colin Kaepernic is recognized as a towering figure in the fight for equality & equal treatment under the law. His role in challenging systemic racial injustices helps make our Nation a better place & his legacy will live on for decades. @CBSNews #TakeAKnee
.@VP says the man who thinks my sexuality can be converted, pals around w bigots like @CarlHigbie, & as IN guv made it legal to discriminate against #lgbt folks. 

You’re nothing more than a Pharisee & we all know how Jesus felt abt the Pharisees.
To be fair, you’re a bigot.
She took a knee!!!

 @VP

Fine words. Too bad you don't live by them.

You walked out of a football game just to say F U to black players protesting inequality https://twitter.com/vp/status/978670618085388295 …
#hypocrisy is the @VP celebratory comment about a giant like Ms Brown while behind the scenes doing everything he can to desnfranchise LGTBQ Americans and deny us Equal rights.


We have had Presidents that I disagreed with, but Trump is the first one that I Have ZERO RESPECT for.
"... fight for equality & equal treatment under the law... helped make our Nation a better place & her legacy will live on for decades." Nice words. What will be your legacy?
May she rest in the eternal light of our Lord.
It is a shameful thing to hear that woman’s name in your disgusting, hypocritical, anti-Christian mouth
Do you have any dirty little secrets Mikey?
If you had been a politician at the the time, you’d have been fully behind the “right” of states to engage in racial segregation.  And you know it.
The staff member who wrote this for you apparently forgot how you really feel about black folks protesting inequality.

Mark 7:6
Your master called for the execution of the Central Park Five, even AFTER they'd been exonerated, on the grounds of being a group of black men meeting after dark.
Says the shit head who left a football came because of peaceful protestors kneeling.
68 years hence, people like Pence would be hailing #BLM and #ColinKaepernick as great Civil Rights heroes who had the bravery and determination to stand up for what conservatives have always stood for. Lol Liar. The Recipient is worse than the Rogue. #BrownVSBoardOfEd
We know you posted this out of political necessity and that you don’t mean a word if it. #TakeAKnee
lol you were afraid of football players kneeling
Nice lip service, @VP, considering that you made a show of protesting black players kneeling during the anthem, costing tax payers and the Colts, millions for traffic, security, air fare, gas and lodging, just to make a point (that you are an intolerant, narrow minded bigot).
But damn those black football players kneeling to ask for "equal treatment under the law", tho. AmIRight?
You directly went after trans people by word and deed. You couldn't give a crap about civil rights.
 KEEP HER NAME OUT OF YOUR MOUTH, COLONIZER!!! 
@co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp @cherokeesher2 @zeitgeistbabe @amazinmikey @MtnMD #WomensHealth #FBI #Veterans #Law #MarchForOurLives #NoBallsDonnie

PRETEND Religious Pence
DENIES Life-Saving Healthcare to Kids
Yet SUPPORTS an Unrepentant Treasonous Adulterer

Voters Respond

While you walked out of a football game to grandstand your lack of support for black lives. You are #2 man for a racist administration. Save it.
Glad you know champions for equality when you see them. Would be great if your administration followed suit, especially for our LGBTQ  brothers and sisters.
Says the bigot who penned the #TransTroop ban.
So why do you hate LGBT people?
He’s in the closet...mother trying hard to keep him in
YOU ARE FUCKING DELUSIONAL, @VP - you and your racist @GOP continue to support the wholesale slaughter of black Americans and immigrants, yet you pretend to support civil rights icons?? Not as long as Resisters can speak.
I was in NYC on 11/9/16 and the city was weeping. Of course, so was I.
I arrived in NYC election evening, went to the HRC party at Javits Center. Can't remember walk back to hotel in Times Square. There was no way Trump could win, and now we know he didn't. I was inspired watching hundreds of young women marching against him starting election night.
What she did was like taking a knee today. You would have walked out on her too.
You walked out during the National Anthem because football players were kneeling to peacefully protest racial inequality. Might I add, you also work for a man who called some white supremacists very fine people among other things. Your words are hollow and meaningless.
Linda Brown was one of the ACTUAL really fine people. As opposed to those favored by you and your boss.
Says the jerk who walked out on a peaceful protest before a Colts game.
Get her revered name out your disgusting mouth, you racist sack of garbage
Fake platitudes.
Obviously you didn’t write this!whomever in your staff who’s job is trying for you to look like you care,forgot that that we know you don’t care about equality on any shape or form!Stop trying because we know what you all are!#VoteThemOut #March4OurLives
Please, just stay out of talking about equality and stuff.  Its just not you.
Stop. Talking.
Just how you will be remembered for walking out & ridiculing NFL players asking for equality & equal treatment under the law
Yet you are instrumental in furthering systemic racism and hate in our country. Not to mention you don’t support any effort to make schools safer for today’s third graders. What an insult to Linda Brown’s life and legacy.

You're such a phony.
Don't play. 
You hate black people so much you flew across the country (on MY dime) to go to a football game you knew in advance you would walk out of because of civil rights protests just to show black people how much you despise them.
As if you cared.
This was real? You sent this out as a real tweet? Im just as terrified of you as president when your boss gets fired.
Thank you,  Mr. Pence 
Didn't you leave a football game in disgust over black athletes fighting for awareness of inequality by peaceful protest?
Why can we honor the advances of the past, but not recognize our own culpability in supressing the rights of others, RIGHT NOW?
How do you support your boss?
The answer is yes, each and everyday as he stands zombie like behind a man he and mother must find morally reprehensible the VP shows us his hypocrisy
Precisely. Agreed.
I just can't seem to find the sincerity in this tweet.
Probably because if he had his way, some asshat with a pizza place could refuse to serve her because Bible.
That sounds about right.
Stop. You would have been in favor of keeping segregation, had you been in office then. What you, in the name of religion, are doing transgender individuals in the military is a sin, and will be looked back upon by history in the same we we see segregation.
Equality you say?  Not in your world
American citizens have a constitutional right to talk shit.

(poke)
Obviously @VP does all the time
He's a well known pustule on the dick of what America is really all about. He hides behind his religion but his anti-christian behavior doesn't fool the vast majority of our WOKE nation.
Pence is a Pox on true Christian ideology.
I suggest he be shunned.
(wink)
PS
#Resist
Agreed #Resist
Whereas you will be remembered for discrimination when you & your wife left a football game because you disagreed with black players exercising their 1st amendment right. I will remember you in 2020, sooner if get the chance. Yours is the party of the past. #BlueTsunami
this is rich coming from you....
@mike_pence DON'T YOU DARE SPEAK HER NAME.
Hey Mike, if I wrote a check for a mistress, am I participating in Adultery? Asking for a  cake baker. 
HYPOCRITE!!!!!
Well this is one of the most hypocritical things I ever did read.

Interesting. Now...what if she had taken a knee to protest? Hmmm? 
#VoteThemOut #VoteBlue2018 #VoteForOurLives #Impeach45 #PenceMustGo #hypocrite #hypocrisygalore #TheResistance #Resist
Your sentiments ring hollow. Actions baby, actions, tell us who you are.
You will never be the kind of brave, significant historic figure Ms. Brown
has been... never.
And then you showed up and suddenly it's 1953 again.
How dare you even speak her name given your history. We all see right through you.
Twitter hates you.
Onion Head
A court decision that you and your ilk would love to reverse if you could.
Just words coming from Pence. Someone else's words.
Disgusted that you even had the nerve to type her name. You literally walked out of a football game because you were angry at Black players peacefully protesting....you closeted fraction of a man 

If she had knelt at a football game though......
Ironic that you use the words “equal treatment under the law.” Your record on women’s healthcare issues don’t suggest you think women have the right to decide what’s best for their bodies. You certainly don’t think the LGBTQ community should have equal rights.
The depth and breadth of your hypocrisy is astounding.
Pence, so clearly full of crap.
@VP your hypocrisy is overwhelming!
@VP I don’t Iike you
No one believes your insincere b.s.
You hypocritical POS.
omg dude this is hilarious coming from you
Yes, but don't dare hold your protest during an anthem at a football game.
Remember when you used tax payer dollars to protest NFL players who were protesting inequality?
hypocrite
Why do you even bother tweeting
How dare you.
You say whatever necessary to shed a positive self image.  
      Your actions say different. I remember hearing somewhere, actions speak louder than words. 
      You talking? I can't hear a thing you are saying.
A better place, huh? Where is the best place for blacks that won't leave them in fear of being shot for carrying a cell phone?
And now we have "No White People" events and "Minorities Only" functions at American universities and colleges.  Is everything this lady stands for going to fall by the wayside?    Rest in peace.
You would’ve kept her out of school. And put a pad lock on her uterus.
Hypocrisy at it’s finest Mikey.
Agree. Also, it’s worth remembering the politicians of the day didn’t have the political will to right this wrong. It took #SCOTUS Do you?
You don't even like BLACK PEOPLE
Oh my God Pence!...you are so predictable...what does Mother think of Don's flings?...
You do realize she was a Black woman.

A brave, heroic, iconic  woman.

But, you don’t like people of color. Find a new leaf to turn over?
Love it when you tweet! Gives me a chance to connect with my government!
Amen!
Props to the intern who wrote this.
Cool take from the guy who shit on Mulan and serves a self-professed pussy grabber who wanted to execute the Central Park 5 even after they were cleared of any wrongdoing and demeans judges based on their ethnicity
I feel like this list could go on & on...
Your home state has the largest number of hate groups in the country.
Not by bigots like you.
Coming from a gay-hating Bigot and member of a pro-white supremacy administration your words ring hollow


Says the racist white supremacist who works daily to roll back civil rights, spreads his doctrine of hate and racism. Working to repress and persecute all minorities. The fact that as a fake Christian you even posted this is sickening as you don't mean a word of what you wrote.
@VP the number on fake Christian in the world.  Pence is so evil that Satan is fearful of him.
It’s so weird when people can only compliment dead black people 
Stop guns first
Wow! This coming from one of the most racist administration in history!

And what will you be remembered for, Mr. Pence? For acting the coward at a football game?
#QTipHypocrite
Was she too young for change?
Didn't you walk out of a football game last year when players knelt in protest during the singing of the Star Spangled Banner? Have a seat.
How will you be remembered?  Probably as a petulant philistine who's religious convictions helped people discriminate.   Or maybe as the governor who's policies started an HIV outbreak in Indiana.
A legacy you are out to undermine in every conceivable way.
Yet you went to a NFL game for the sole purpose of walking out in protest, when African Americans protested unfair treatment that still goes on today. You will be remembered for that action, too. Please stop being a hypocrite.

This tweet is BS of the highest order. You are part the most racist POTUS admin. You regularly support policies that hurt minorities. But don't worry, we have a cell for you.
#JusticeIsComing
#DumpTrump
HYPOCRITE
opposite of how Pence is already remembered...


Shut up. No person of color believes your attempt at sympathy.
