Keep up your quality work VP Pence. You and President Trump are doing a great job to MAGA.
Since 2004 I have been punished I was told by Dr. Roland Vanaria in 2008 I could work  if I SHUT UP, not my job to shut up. Everyone knows its a felony to work w/out a license not a reprimand, no permits another felony,Boston FBI did nothing @USAGSessions
At Least @DevalPatrick &his corrupt staff admitted it in writing PONTIKAS DPH, FBIAG=did 10 yrs of nothing about Anusavice using Dr. Gary Andrew Dental License (he's deceased) frm Massachusetts not listening thousands of more victims in Connecticut. @USAGSessions @foxandfriends

#PenceKnew
Massachusetts New England Compounding Pharmacy 60 deaths cld have been prevented read my statment ask @DevalPatrick Romneys PONTIKAS was not INDCITED &fired with pay 150,000.00 a year why he did not tell the USA about the Cancer Causing Eye Drops being made @USAGSessions @FLOTUS
That looks fun @SecondLady 
Blessings and love today.
oh really karen then why is your pious husband trying to cut/steal food stamps, medicaid and social security. what would Jesus think of your greed
Tell your husband also that LGBTQ kids don’t conversion therapy!
Too bad your husband, son, or whatever you call him and his orange McMaster cuts aid for school programs, money for arts and therapy. Was your visit a farewell tour?
If your comment "or whatever you call him" was directed at Trump's son you need to apologize.   It takes a big person to admit a mistake.
The comment is responding to Karen Pence, the author of this tweet, also known as "Mother" by her husband. Anybody with even a small grasp of the English language would understand my comment. Thank you for your sage words though.
You know what kids really need ? 
Protection from these AMERICAN MASSACRES ! JESUS loves the little children remember ? The GOP does not.Cutting lunch programs , education & health care & NOT trying to protect them from being killed AT SCHOOL is EVIL. Got any pull in the WH ?
Your as worthless as your husband. No one cares what you tweet.
In Massachusetts The Court case shows you Dr. Chadwicks License was revoked for OSHA violations. Hep B on the rise in dental offices since 2008 Dental OSHA is not an option. Intentional misconduct our kids DO NOT want to die of diseases BAKER @USAGSessions @FLOTUS  @BakerPolito
In Massachusetts INFECTION Control Violations is not an option I am a License Dental Hygienist that was blackballed for living by the OATH I took, I reported Felonus, ,Prohibited OSHA violations. @USAGSessions @FLOTUS Hillary & Obama kept kids in danger of disease & criminals

daaaaaamn @NYDailyNews. 
Jesus just told me he hates you
Did you observe the 17 kids who's  music therapy was cut short in Florida? #FloridaHighSchool  #EndGunViolence  We thought you had #ChristianValues .......
So proud of you VP. Pence


Because Polish is hateful.
Music makes a difference in my life & has since I was young. I believe it would be beneficial for therapy. I understand how it can change your feelings for good.
Wonderful children.  Don't you think they deserve to go to school in a country that values their lives enough to pass reasonable gun control?
Tell father and Trump keep their paws off the program.


Tools of Trump’s Fixer: Payouts, Intimidation and the Tabloids
Beautiful! God bless @SecondLady
Awesome? What’s happening here?
You seem like a nice enough person...but the company you keep is suspect. You should yank your husband home to Indiana ASAP—otherwise he’ll be wearing an orange jumpsuit along with all the other felons.
It's amazing what music can do for people.
https://twitter.com/Anthony/status/965325162345304064 …
Seriously Tony, Mrs. Pence is excited about an awesome program for children. She is married to a politician, she's not the politician- leave her be

Thank you Second Lady Karen! You and VP Pence work tirelessly to Make America Great Again #MAGA Love you!
Mike, you decimated public education in Indiana.
Still wasting tax payer money
What are you doing to make sure these beautiful children don't get gunned down at school?! Your husband's against abortion but ok with the slaughter of innocent children. It's a sin!!

Top U.S. officials tell the world to ignore Trump’s tweets http://wapo.st/2CtPmbW 
Mother, please explain how #Medicaid and its cuts will allow for #MusicTherapy? Your husband wants to deny children of medical care. #GOP #CHIP #ADA #ACA #MSNBC #CNN #IndyStar
Music therapy is a great! I agree one hundred percent, now where I live the only music therapy programs we have is a radio
#ABOLISHCPS #DRAINTHESWAMP. THE SHOOTER IS JUST ONE OF THE MILLIONS OF CHILDREN failed by the corrupt system that hides behind the premise of helping children and families in 100 billions dollars a yr child trafficking industry #DEFUNDTITLEIV
Glad they weren’t shot by one of your NRA tit-suckers. You and your party are morally corrupt. Sad. Sick. You should be ashamed.
Check out the movie “music got me here“by SUSAN KOCH. Worth seeing. Music therapy needs to be reimbursed.
Do they also have shooter drills?  So much easier with music playing.
Let’s hope that this doesn’t include GAY CONVERSION THERAPY!  BIGOT!
How about keeping guns away from kids?
Republicans can go F themselves.
You need to do bit of therapy on your old man and his whore hunting boss luv 
arent you grateful for those brave school children in Florida who stood up and were killed to protect your right to bear arms and for the politicians to continue to receive funding from NRA ... you must feel so grateful
Did you tell them how the GOP is planning on cutting the funding to support these children????  Bet not!
Damn shame the #GOPtaxscam makes getting healthvare more expensive. #sad
Oh Karen,
Did you show the kids the shining example of what they should aspire to be when adults ?
Did you have time to explain to their innocent minds what MAGA means, or time for a quick prayer for our Commander in Chief ?
It’s a SHAME that @realDonaldTrump cut funding to the arts . Disgraceful
Where is God when disturbed people legally buy AK’s and shoot up schools almost monthly now? How does prayer prevent future shootings? What god to you pray to? The God I pray to helps the poor, not racist, a giving God.
ATTENTION @realDonaldTrump, @VP ur empty, insincere thoughts& prayers r not going to save the lives of innocent people~INNOCENT CHILDRENUr apathy & resistance towards sensible gun laws is irresponsible, shameful & disgracefulTheir blood is on ur hands
They're going to be needing a lot of therapy for the children in Parkland.
Maybe the kids in Fl who just witnessed their friends and teachers be slaughtered would like that therapy too but I think they’d rather have gun control laws passed.
#parasite
Can I make visits?
Maybe your wife should be VP. Compassion and caring is needed in the White House.
You know what really helps children? Being able to go to school without fear of being shot.  Music therapy is good but little farther down the list of necessities.
Music therapy really benefits Alzheimers victims as well. Excellent facility for these folks in Texas.
@VP @ChildrensTheOne mrs pence, thank you for caring about our children..there are children in need of therapy and more in se fl

WOW I am glad you got to finally see this. We had the same thing back in Hoosier Schools back in the 1950’s. It was called Music Appreciation. It was mandatory along with Indiana History. Glad to see you catching up. You are in my thoughts & prayers. 
.@RandiRhodes .@Lawrence
WHO is in your thoughts and prayers .. hopefully the children in Florida, Sandy Hook and all the other school shootings ... and not more "gun appreciation" ...
They kept you pretty isolated in Indiana, did they Karen?
Speaking of therapy - doesn’t your homophobic husband believe in “conversion therapy”?
We should do more of these instead of a wall.
What type of therapy should the children that witnessed their friends getting killed have? You all are really trying to pretend it didn't happen AGAIN!!
Maybe you should use your therapy for the 1000’s of school kids affected by school shootings. Your husband supports killiling machines AR-15! Thought he was pro life!
Gun control. Gun control. Gun control.
Until yourhusband and tRUMP defund it?
Karen, are you gay? Some people say you are, which is why Mike is so gay-phobic.
GOD BLESS you and your family and the USA and MAGA
Yet your daddy and his boss continually seem to cut funding for things like this.
This is great!
Maybe you could convince your husband to fund more of these programs rather than cutting them.
So think about not letting your hubby slash funds for the arts.
Why aren’t you in #Parkland consoling all the families?
Certainly a way that many kids can connect to better than just talking.  Art therapy too. #Improvementalheathservices
We feel sorry for Mike, he never knows what is going on with Trump-looks like a fool every day.. so sad..how embarrassing, he is so unpopular. Hopefully when trump is indicted Mike is spared, we will see....
I just read today about your first marriage. Do you ever see your ex-husband?
Unlike Killiary, it is ok to leave your man
Question, why does Trump use your husband to create chaos for him?
We all express ourselves in our unique ways. Children needing to express themselves without words are finding it through outlets that speak to them, be it music or art. Lovely to see our @SecondLady bring awareness of these therapies!
Well said! Working with your hands, being creative in whatever way eg gardening, sand sculpture, music, are great ways to express ourselves. Yesterday @SecondLady gave an art therapy group a painting of her own (the Capitol building). She's such a blessing.
Trump’s extramarital affairs now pose a national security threat

Why aren’t you in parkland and applying art therapy where it’s needed?
Maybe they should have this in all schools to deal with the trauma of mass shootings! At least till republicans are voted out n gun laws can change!
In a few years they will be able to buy an AR 15.
That's a good thing. They can protect their neighborhoods from ms13 gangs. These gangs like to cut you extremities off and than bash your head in.
Was @FLOTUS or #stormy_daniels there? #NotMyPresident
Were they all straight

I suppose cuts to the ACA will end stuff like this...thanks to Hubby and Trumpov.

AS A LOVER OF THE SIRENS WHO PERFORM FOR OUR LORD NEPTUNE, I THINK MUSIC THERAPY FOR THE VICTIMS OF PARKLAND SHOULD BE DECREED BY PRESIDENT DON T RUMP.

No one cares what you do Karen... No one
.
I feel so sorry for you and Melania 
Music Therapy works.

Conversion Therapy is abuse.

Please, try to remember the difference and inform your husband.
Now if only everyone had health insurance so they could take dvantage if this when needed.

THE NRA AND PENCE (WHO TOOK NRA MONEY) ARE JUST AS GUILTY OF MURDER AT PARKLANE AS THE SHOOTER CRUZ WAS!  FAILURE TO RESTRICT AUTOMATIC MASS MURDER FIREARMS IS SINFUL IN THE EYES OF GOD!  PENCE IS A MURDER!

"Happy President's Day. 
Any child can grow to be Lincoln or Kennedy & by that i mean get killed with gun" @billmaher
I am so proud of our  team, the President of United States that has a awesome vise President with a awesome wife . Wow , I have never experience a Christian team in all my 64 years ! God Bless America!
Maybe "music therapy" would help your husband and Trump. They need something, to eradicate their pure evil.
Heartwarming. Now tell your husband to support gun control so children just like these don’t get massacred. #guncontrolnow
Do they have health insurance or just art therapy?
Stay home & stop spending my money on your fake trips. You & that weirdo.
Thank you ! Dallas loves you!!
So that’s what came out one side of your mouth, sweet! The other side: let’s cut funding for access to mental health care and children’s health care services.  You’re a fraud with a bad haircut!
I’m glad you are getting to see programs like this before your husband and the president gut funding.
Hope no one walks in with a sub machine gun. #GunContolNow
You must be a liberal! Ridicule rule #5! Well done you pretentious ??
You're Welcome Mother!


"They say that tougher gun laws do not decrease gun violence. We call BS!" Florida high school shooting survivor Emma Gonzalez calls on President Trump and lawmakers to tighten gun restrictions in impassioned…
Awesome 
It’ll be better when he and the racist resign.
Foo Fighters - Keepin it Clean in KC
Music therapy as a tool of great power in many neurological disorders -- Parkinson's and Alzheimer's -- because of its unique capacity to organize or reorganize cerebral function when it has been damaged.
Yes agreed such a great therapy.  This gives me hope. Thank you both.
Thank you Second Lady! *
You, your Husband and the whole GOP are complicit in school shootings. #NRAbloodmoney
Go to hell!
Your President
Great job MRS PENCE
It’ll be great until some mentally ill loon w/an AR-15 kills them all.

