No we don’t.
Certainly some do. But not the majority. Just like the election. I for one long for the trials when the Trump family is put on trial for treason. THAT I’ll care about.
We don’t hear the same sentiment for LGBTQ lives, innocent people who have been murdered. We don’t believe you and your wife. You are selective and unfair, not a true role for our country that embodies many diversities that you don’t comprehend.
Amen Brother!!!! Pence picks and choses and "mother"only lets him play with who she says is okay. Someday "mother"will be gone and he can finally come out of the closet to play
Except she was a scientist, and your blatant disregard for science and reason is the foundation of your dreadful public policy positions, Sir.
Meh.
Congresswoman Slaughter was co-chair of the Pro-Choice Caucus and a tireless champion for reproductive rights and LGBT equality, including being one of just 67 representatives to vote against DOMA. Our thoughts are with her family, friends, and colleagues. https://www.politico.com/story/2018/03/16/rep-louise-slaughter-dies-467200 …
You mean “mother” allowed you to interact with a progressive woman who utilized FACTS (they weren’t beliefs) to ensure we mere women had reproductive rights?! #LouiseSlaughter was truly a hero.
I know, maybe he hid from "mother" in the closet and is still afraid to go out
One very good thing about Louise was that she was honest.  No matter the issue she did not stoop to tactics used today among politicians.  She was poised and ready with common sense arguments.  I am so disheartened to her she passed on.  She stood up for Country over Party.
You work in a criminal enterprise that is trying to burn down our democracy. Forgive me if I have no intetest in anything you have to say.

One of the few things you’ve EVER said I agree with.
How do you sleep at night?
Hey talk your boss off the ledge, he's going Full-Mussolini today. Say hi to mother for me
Amerika: Newest banana-republic member.
She was a champion of women, something you are not.
I liked it when she stuck to her guns and opposed NAFTA. Half of the companies went overseas in her district fro NAFTA.
I may not have known who she was but god bless and i hope she finds peace regaurdless of what any of us believe
Sad! Where did some of these people's morals come from? It's a sad day when a person can't even say how hurt they are from a friend they just lost. Your Mom's and Dad's must be so proud!
Thank you for tweeting like a grown-up. Really appreciate someone in the White House thoughtfully communicating a compassionate statement.


Prayer for the family and so sorry for the lose. R.I.P. Rep. Louise Slaughter

RIP

We always support you, Mike.
No we don’t. But at least he’s acting like a mature adult. This time.
You give hope to many that common decency is not gone. Thank you for being a good role model for humankind, who love the Lord Jesus. In this world very few stand up for their faith. God bless you !!!
Oh how sweet now maybe stop drinking the koolaid and wake the hell up
At least you have a little more dignity than @realDonaldTrump.
Amen.

You are not fighting for our country while @realDonaldTrump destroys our @FBI just to protect himself. You are no patriot @VP
Praying for you and her family.
So sorry for your loss
My guess is she didn’t like you at all
She fought for women's rights not for being grabbed by men. The kind of man you support.
We are with in this time of sorrow and grief. Love and blessings as always


Thanks for being respectable Sir. Everything doesnt have to be politicial we can as grown ups stop long enough to show compassion for a family grieving.
Wow. I am so sad to read what some grown people will say. He tweets his condolences and people attack him instead of either saying they are sorry too she died or nothing at all. Why must every post have to be changed to hurtful evil things?
Thank you. I’m appalled at how some respond to a genuine expression of kindness.

Shut up enabler.
Requiescap in pace.
I do not believe a word that comes from your mouth what is the meaning of religious hypocrite
I will NEVER look at you the same again, Mike Pence! That you could say such about a woman who was wicked, who called for the countless murders of the unborn, tells me you are a FAKE! No TRUE Christian could defend such a wicked one. Such is an abomination unto the Lord! Shame!
Vice President Pence is a kind, thoughtful,  and respectable man.  You could learn a lot from him.
Where have you been?!! And have you talked to Mueller yet on dates Michael Flynn was talking to Russians?
애도를 ...
Prayers
Are you praying for the women Trump uses. No comment, right Mike?
Low blow. He is giving condolences here. Could you not either agree and say you are sorry about her death too or nothing at all out of respect for the family? Everything doesnt have to be political all the time.
What hole are you hiding in?
Did you ever have a meeting with her without Mommy?
She was no “friend” of his - get over yourself pence!
No thoughts? Just prayers?
At least VP acknowledged Representative Slaughter's death. She represented my city in western NY and was a passionate advocate  for 16 terms not simply for   "her beliefs"  but  for her constituients - for science, for bringing business back to NYS,  and for women and children.
The crabby sex crazed baby’s ship is sinking fast. Trump is like Nero fiddling while Rome burns. You are going down with the crabby baby.
Oh please tell your wife.
Hypocrite.
Mourn not the passage of a traitor, only pray they see justice at the gates.
Mother and I

She didn't like you. Nobody likes you.
Amen.
Fuuuuccckkk Yoooouuuu
How dare you? People like you , misogynists who shred women’s rights & don’t care about violence against women , have nothing in common with someone like Slaughter. You know, because she was against what you support i.e hating women.
Where ya been Mikey?
Don't forget to have your rent boy CoS send flowers.
Prayers....Aw, that's nice.  Was she sixteen years old and was her body ripped apart by bullets shooting out of an assault weapon that's available to everyone over the age of eighteen or someone at a gun show?

It really shows that you care when you include "prayer" in the tweet.
She was adored by so many in Rochester, NY. Thank you for sharing this. God speed.
You have friends?

why nothing from your boss? oh yea he hates dems
Mother and I...fixed it for you.
Did Mother give you permission to tweet??
Hey, where were you when the Taoisech was visiting. We're you afraid he was going to convert you gay?
Thank you for this. It's nice to be reminded sometimes that people in Washington can have a great relationship with people that have opposing viewpoints. Also, first (and probably last) time I ever thank you.
Who is this Karen??  Did you clear this with mother??
Well he won't be accused of sexual harassment.  I think it is a good policy he has. And Democrats are the biggest bigots on Earth.  Vile and nasty as well.  So glad they don't hold any leadership in the country.
Mike Dense
Saddened to hear you mean god didnt tell you it was coming
Where have you been, Mike?  With all the commotion in the WH these last few days, you’ve been mighty quiet.
A delusional @VP .... worked out evolution yet dummy ... ?
You don't deserve to say her name.
You should resign immediately in grief. Plus, you should resign because you're terrible at your job and you're complicit in working with Russia to undermine the US. #FireThemAll
You are full of crap
She was a democrat and your friend?  How can that be?
You don't have friends that you disagree with? You're missing out on an opportunity for growth.
Lol passionate for her beliefs. That’s the problem
She's dead.
If you actually give a crap, you're glad she's gone.  She messed with your agenda.  However, you have to say something like this.

You could care less.
Prayers
nEVER FIGURE OUT HOW YOU GUYS LOVE THE ENEMY SO MUCH! dEMOCRAT = GLAD SHE IS DEAD!

Here was her final tweet
To @HouseGOP and @SpeakerRyan: enough with the closed & undemocratic process. The American people deserve more: https://twitter.com/nowthisnews/status/930454790571618304 …
To be honest, that was a pinned a Tweet. The actual last one
The #FlintWaterCrisis epitomized what is actually a nation-wide crisis and Federal investment in water infrastructure is needed to truly address this burgeoning problem. 
Amen, may the Lord comfort them all.
So sorry for your loss.



True
BREAKING: Any Republican that doesn’t take an immediate hard stance against Russia is a traitor. They tried to penetrate our power grid. What’s next? Shutting down traffic systems, hospitals, water supply, our internet, banking systems? Wake up Congress! Protect America!
GOD BLESS YOU MY FAVORITE V P

Suck it mike
Rest In Peace

Mike-  You're ALIVE!!!   Thank God.  We were all so worried.
  Where ya been, Buddy?   Some 'unspecified *secure* location?'
  (Where you hope you can hide out from Bob Mueller's investigators?)

  (Spoiler alert: It's not gonna work.)
Nice way to stomp all over a condolence message.

Typical liberal Democrat hate on full display.

Please never change.
Thank you VP Pence
I'm here vice President, because you And me, we are making great United nations, in our country, mainly also Donald Trump! Together United, by an better tomorrow.
Ding Dong the witch is dead...
Liar, nobody likes you
I don't believe she would have called herself a friend of his...
Do the classy thing pence you scared little chihuahua, you and the rest of the Trump administration follow suit. 
Karen and I would like to go to the bathroom.Karen and I would like some coffee.Karen and I don’t feel so good.Karen and I,Karen and I.
Grow some balls,or has Karen got those as well?
Make sure mother doesn't have to go potty with any of those pesky trans genders, might peek.. go check it out for her Mike..

too many bad news for Mr Pence in White House !! He is sorry all the time ...
Hey I just got this in my email and I was SO disappointed when it wasn't about your being gay and so deep in the closet!
She's in Heaven. No more suffering.
Try being more like her. #PenceRussia #PenceKnew
Sir Many of ndian guys on H1 visa have criminal or civil cases pending in India.Many of them are escaped one,few are using u.s girls or Indiamnd girls to get U.S citizenship.
Such type of people are dangerous to both countries.
Keep calling us frauds but I won't be responsible for where you will going when you finally pass. We envangelicals are warning you. It is uo to you heed our warning or ignore. God Bless.
FAKE NEWS: Louise Slaughter was a Democrat. Your God does not allow you to befriend Democrats.
Oooh No! Quite Unfortunate! R.I.P To Her Soul.
You should be equally saddened for what your boss is doing to this country. If you’re not in with his actions, then do somthing
What??! This bad stuff?!
Hey I just want to tell you that I give you my simthathy
Sympathy......
hey mike,
thoughts, you forgot the thoughts!
You are capable of a civilized tweet!
Who Cares a rich powerful man had sex with beautiful women... But my question what kind of person shares this on a tweet that is just showing sympathy?
Pence shows real class. Thank you!
Sure a class act..
FFS, give the guy a break. He sent out a heart-felt tweet of condolences to the family of someone that died. Have some class and respect and diss him on his other, deserving posts.
Your a good man Mr. VP!
No, you aren't.
it's a shame you never stood up to trump in his treatment of TRUE HERO john McCain
Be more like your friend because what you're doing isn't working.
Riiight 
amen and amen!!!
we pray for not only the family but to have conflict resolution for them also.

appropriate legislation. AMENDMENT XXIV SECTION 1 The right of citizens of the United States to vote in any primary or other election for President or Vice President for electors for President or Vice President, or for Senator or Representative in Congress, shall not be
