Say some prayers for the Trump administration. They are corrupt AF!
You are vile....I'll pray for you!!!
I'm sure God will honor each of Donnie's mistresses and divorces. So holy of him! SAD!!
April Fools!
A joke coming from an Anti-Christian RESISTANCE GAY  

I bet! Your PARENTS ARE PROUD!
You're right! They are!
Mine, too! My devout mother was so happy for my husband and me at our wedding! She also questions Christians in her retirement community that are pro trump and pence. She asks them if they truly believe in these heretics or is it just a anti gay and anti loving stance?

And you know it how? Sick.
Jesus Christ would be appalled with everything your administration is doing from ripping immigrant families apart to favoring the rich over the poor to discriminating against transgender people already serving our country.
Jesus did not mention transgenders. Not in my Bible. Please don’t try to rewrite Scripture
Hatez with a Z! Look out, y’all! Don’s fires up over here!

Praise Jesus! Enjoy Sanibel @VP
Where’d he go? 
I’m so glad you’re celebrating the resurrection of Christ, the man who taught us to be kind, Non-jusgemental, loving, and tolerant. Now would you be so kind as to embody ANY of those qualities?
I think our vice President inbraces all those qualitys
*embraces all of those qualities
But he has risen for mostly white people, or for people who have bought and screwed over others to scrape to the top?  Forgot about all the people suffering worldwide that aren't white?
He has risen @VP

God isn't real. The end
Sorry you feel that way because He is real and loves you deeply.
Prove it to me
So quick to say prove it to me. How about you prove to me that he is not real. And don’t use because you can’t see him, you can’t see the wind either yet you know it’s there.
We proved that there are winds scientifically. We feel them even though we can't see them. We also can't see atoms with the naked eye but we know they're the building blocks of everything. We can't prove a supernatural force. Just because there is a bible, doesn't mean it's real.
You said it yourself, you cannot prove a natural force yet you want to call others liars for something you yourself can’t prove.
I said a supernatural force, not natural force.
Jesus was a communist who hated the rich and walked side-by-side with sex workers. Jesus also thinks it’s weird that you call your wife “Mother” in 2018.
My lord of Jesus Christ for give u cos u don't know what u say.. In Jesus Christ bless u and soul..
Thank you.
Fear of God.. Seek him he will be with u
I can’t fear what isn’t real.
I pray to God in Jesus Christ  to open your heart and eyes to see that God is real, and make u believe him in Jesus  Christ name..
Religion is for the people that are scared
(AND) Brother in the Lord: Though in different locations, my wife & I celebrate the same. As one body> Saint John 17
Happy Easter to you and your amazing family!
We celebrated by reading our new favorite book!
don is a bigot and mike is a butt kisser.
@POTUS and tomorrow we will electrocute the gay out of some people. Happy holiday

It's a fun story but please remember, a fictional book is not a good source of governmental policy.
Sorry mate, but it is. If you read the common English Bible, you’d understand more. It’s very different compared to the amplified edition and the American Standard version of the Holy Bible(New Testament specifically.) There are 47 other bibles too. The Quran is another book.
Good Morning, Have a great day, love you and your family!!!
 It's a Great Day ! Thank you for sharing this !
Happy Easter!
PRAISE THE LORD
You celebrate his resurrection, yet you do not live by his teachings. Height of hypocrisy.
Fake news.
God Bless you and your family !
1A: Establishment Clause prohibits govt from making any law “respecting an establishment of religion.”

If you cared abt Jesus’ message, you’d live your life accordingly, not as a hypocrite.

#FakeChristians
#hypocrisy
#establishmentclause
#YouDontKnowEvangelicals
#EmptyThePews
To be clear,  you don’t need to make a law to establish a state religion if you l, as a govt official, claim it. 

It’s de facto.
Also, you should know we don’t make declarations true by fiats or decrees in the , a free democratic republic.

And God gave you the right to judge on His behalf? That pic is how old?  We're ALL sinners and do not have the right to comment on the spec of sawdust in another's eye, while having a board in your own!
Hypocrisy at it's finest.  One day your children will understand that you supported thieves,  racist and liars. 
Good luck with that.
Please don't forget on this Easter your vow to stop the slaughter of Christians 
Obama's taxpayer funded jihad on Christians
Please keep your religion out of my vagina and out of politics altogether.
Please quit killing babies.
He is risen indeed!
Amen Mr VP... thankful and grateful for what he did for us so that we could have eternal life if we accept him as our Lord...

HE is RISEN..and you RESIGN.  ....
Happy Easter and Passover Vice President Mike Pence    .....God bless you and your family..... God bless America...... Amen
He is Risen indeed!
Separation of church and state Pence - use your private account or just quit.
Oh boy.
Coming from a Trump supporter I find that highly unlikely.
Happy resurrection Sunday. Jesus loves you!
He is risen Indeed!
How can you call yourself man who states that he beloved on God’s teaching and yet is filled with so much hate for the sick, poor, elderly who do not have enough food to kee them healthy? God said that we shall love all people , not just the rich billionaire friends.
Hallelujah! He has risen!!  
#HeHasRisen #EasterSunday
So who is going to arrest this man?  He is a dark skinned, non American!
Fake Christian. Self righteousness is not Godly. But happy Easter
Will you condemn Israel today?
Do you even work in the White House?
Thank you sir!!! May God continue to bless you and your family and give you direction and guidance as we struggle bring our country back to God!!!

Happy Easter Mr. Vice President and Family!

Happy Easter.
He is risen indeed!
Jesús/God promise to return to planet earth and take His good servants away from lawless, deceptive, murderous, and evil servants. Amén
"You don't see faith healers in hospitals for the same reason you don't see psychics winning the lottery."

Bitch if you were born thirty years ago you'd have better shit to do right now other than posting lame ass memes on the VP's Twitter account.
Ooooooo, an Obama supporter resorting to name calling, due to a lack of class or a clue. 
That's nothing new!

You don't know what it means to be Christian. You support a rapist, misogynist, racist, egomaniac.
Vice President Mike Pence. I am so ashamed of the negativity in these comments as a part of We The People. Please forgive these hurtful comments and Amen. He is risen.
Pencey pretends to approve of Trump while putting on that pious face. Guess he doesn’t mind the racism and sexual escapades.
April Fool!
He is risen, indeed
Jesus said in the Book of John, destroy this Temple, and I will raise it up in three days! and so it has been done! and Jesus is Alive forevermore! amen! and Hallelujah! blessings and Grace be upon you mr. Vice president! and president Trump! in Jesus name amen!

A blessed Easter to you and yours VPOTUS.
he was just a jewish carpenter. no more, no less
I think more fictional fairy tale characters should be celebrated. Jesus gives us holidays off work, why not celebrate frodo's successful journey with the ring, or a public holiday to celebrate harry potter!?
You DO realize who your president is, no?


HE IS RISEN INDEED!
Shut up Pence your words don’t match your actions YOU CAN NOT SERVE @realDonaldTrump AND GOD at the same time.
HAPPY EASTER AND THANK YOU, MR. VICE PRESIDENT, YOU ATE DOING A GREAT JOB
Happy Easter. Mr. Vice President @VP to our Second Lady, Karen and your family .  God Bless America. #MAGA #kAG!  
Happy Easter to you and your family VP Pence.
I thank God for you, Mr. Pence. God bless you and your beautiful family! Happy Easter 
The world is a much better and safer place thanks to @VP and @realDonaldTrump and their families. #MAGA #HappyEaster #HappyPassover

God Bless You
04.06 2018.
We  hope regime change.
God Bless you and your family Mr.VicePresident.keep up the good work.
Dear Mike,
I ask you again to stop talking about me in tweets as if we know each other. 
Sincerely,
Jesus
So is Jesus Christ cool with your boss raw dogging a porn star and a Playboy Bunny while his wife and new born child were at home?
Are you doing anything special to celebrate Trump's porn star girls friends? You really need to bring them all to your house for a nice dinner and floor show.
Thank you Mr. Vice President for all you have done for this great country. God Bless you & your family.
Yes. We saw the #GazaMassacre committed by your Israeli friends. 
Amen!!!
TY Mr.VP, for all you do everyday for our Nation. Thanks also, for your devout  faithfulness and leadership. You and your passion inspire us. Very much needed in these days and times!
Mr. Vice President. From a fellow Hoosier - may you and your family have a most #Blessed #Easter. 

Thank you for your service to our @POTUS and to #WeThePeople 

#MAGA

#BrotherDavid 
http://DarlaHouse.Org  

#Tyler #TeamTyler 
https://tyler.team/ 
There are a lot of people in this country, the one your leading, with less than you do that feel differently. So maybe you be the leader you’re supposed to be and keep your religious accomplishments between you and God and start caring for your citizens for once.
He is risen indeed! Hope the Pence family had a wonderful Easter! Thank you VP Pence & Second Lady for all that you do for our country!
We have a fake Christian tweeting on #EasterSunday that there will be "NO MORE DACA DEAL" Unfortunately it is not an April Fools joke.

#TheResistance #MAGA #Trump #FoxNews #Resist #ImpeachTrump #CCOT
Jesús/God overcame death for me, while I was His enemy.  Amén
Thank you Zombie Jesus for hiding eggs with the Easter Bunny in my backyard.

Jesus loves gay people FYI
And what “Christian” acts will you be performing? Feeding billionaires? Deporting the poor?
#ResignNow
Happy Easter.
Buahahahahahaha!!!
Happy Resurrection Sunday to you mr. vice president and to your wife and family
Happy #ResurrectionDay to you, too, sir. God bless!
The vice president of the United States, Mike Pence @VP, says he is happy for the Resurrection of Jesus Christ. Pence is a cynic. Jesus Christ helped the poor, the children and the elderly. But the only GOD in the United States is the sale of weapons to murder innocents. @POTUS
And today I pray that the current administration falls apart and goes to prison. Eat shit. Tell Donald to eat shit too.
Happy Easter to the entire Pence family! 
happy Easter VP and families, I love you Sir for your faith in Christ, and us Christians all over the world
Happy Resurrection Day
Me. President - the most & least my family can do is pray for you.  Thank you  for all you do.
#Hypocrite is much too kind of a word for you two.
You sick hypocrite. Jesus would weep at your fascist hateful plans for the poor, women, children, people of colour, the disabled and the sick.
謝謝你的分享，祝福你健康快樂，台灣歡迎您
Praise His Wonderful Name!!!!
Have you taught #ComradeTrump the words to the Lord's Prayer yet? If you are truly a Christian, it is your duty to bring the word of our Lord to money launderers, fornicators, and the amoral amongst us.
God bless you and family
And so are interest rates. STFU
Who, Pence? He absolutely is, just like his boss.
I'm not the traitor, here. I love my country and refuse to see it turn into an authoritarian dictatorship at the hands of Trumpsky and company. Not without a fight. Now hush, child.

Trump brought another woman into the marital bed he shares with Melania. And you serve him.
Pharisee
We Love You and Your Family President Trump!
God Bless & Happy Easter To You and Your Family !# Easter

Soo... maggiedeg - you are saying you are without sin?  If so, then why the foul language?!!!!
@fawcett_ellen @fawcett_ellen  go away bot
I'm a real person! I cry and laugh just like you! I am thankful for blessings - and by that I mean my relationships  with God and with others (people I see and know personally). You can't truly relate to others on facebook or twitter. You can't truly get to know someone this way!
Never said I was without sin but I don't claim to be high&mightyLike him.I don't take away the health insurance&benefits away from those less fortunate.I don't try to throw people out because of the color of their skin. Remember Jesus was a middle eastern Brown man.Hypocrisy!!
No! We do not throw people out because of their skin color!! This is just crazy leftist propaganda!!!
This is not left propaganda. Try watching World or Overseas news sources. The Muslim ban is a perfect example.
Our President in 2024!
No matter how hard you all try, racist #45 will never be as great a man as Barack Obama. History is being written.All of the evil deeds that have been done will come to light.The truth will prevail and justice will be served to those who have committed treason!!
Lol, riiiiight.
He has a “risen”? Do you mean your boss is aroused again. Time to run Melanie!
Happy Easter and may God bless America and Potus  Flotus, Vice Potus  and Vice Flotus.  AMEN
Happy Easter to you and your family Mr. Vice President!!! We love you and the great job you are doing!!!
You actually ruined America
ACCOUNTABILITY !!! USA CONGRESS IS NOT ONLY ALLOWING BUT PROMOTING CHILD OEDOFILES! WHY? They can continue to bet cash at horse races and use drug dealers to cash out and bring meth and children!
God Bless you and your family @VP 
Happy Easter!
Amen!
Now it's time to go electrcute some gay children, right Pence?
He is risen indeed! Happy Easter!
Donald Trump is not Jesus Christ. Go pray Mike Pence
Shut up


Indeed He has Risen

Thank you and blessings to you and your wonderful family..
Help Asia Bibi and Pastor Branson in jail in Turkey please help
He has risen indeed!!!  324 Baptisms took place at our campuses @Eastside_CC over the weekend!!!! Praise Jesus!!
Funny, I thought you were celebrating treason, graft, and oppression!
Hahahahaha oh boy, that's rich. #hypocrites4Christ
I just threw up in my mouth a bit.
He is risen indeed
April fool's! Quite possibly the biggest joke ever played on man, and you fell for it.
Glorious Jesus Christ resurrection celebration to your family dear brother!!
Of course yall did
Have you celebrated the desecration of democracy as well? Call yourself a Christian do you?
Happy Easter Vice President Mr. Pence and family!
I’m a 32 year old Jewish carpenter.  I got up this morning to find you still an asshole.  He would not like your way.  Change
I did too. But the separation of church and state makes me wonder why elected officials have to tweet this.  Appreciate you being you and doing you but seems funny to me
God bless you and your family Vice President Pence
I think you were in charge.  God bless, you failed and continue to fail our country.

@realDonaldTrump
Chris Christie on ‘16 Trump transition: “This was a brutally unprofessional transition ... that didn’t vet people for this type of judgment issues”

So much for the idea that a businessman can run government better…
Happy Easter  #StandforChrist #Bealight #ShineBright #BeaBlessing #BeBold #BeFearless 
Great job just like Jesus would send children to countries they don’t know, loose everything they worked for and deport them even if they served our country. You and your boss are the most un-God like people since Hitler.
Men are not the dreams of gods Gods are the dreams of men..
May the Power of the Lord's Resurrection be filled with America and all the faithful people of America. Amen. Alleluia!
Happy Easter to Vice President Pence, too.
May God Bless America Happy Easter, as we celebrate the resurrection of our Savior Jesus Christ
Meanwhile, our elders die due to heat asst. budget cuts, and ACA repeal n replace, Meals on Wheels budget cuts; we die for lack of clean water (roll backs for waste dumping) and Flint Mich. Lack income- Steel workers, tourism, Courier, miners, 43+ BILLION from farm industry, ETC.
Happy Resurrection Day! Thank you to all you serving the American people in truth and light of our Lord Jesus Christ! Thank you for standing with our friends in Israel and may God bless America and Israel and protect our brothers and sisters in Christ! Amen!

Happy Easter Mr. Vice President @mike_pence
This Easter, Mike Pence and Republican leaders are following Jesus's example by blocking the poor and meek people fleeing war torn countries where people are being kidnapped and killed from coming to the US for safety and shelter. I'll now read the parable of The Good Samaratin.
Amen Mr Vice President

Happy Resurrection Day to you and your family @VP He is Risen!! Hallelujah!!
Amen GOD LOVES US
Great, a man that believes in fairytales is our VP.

Nothing but blah,blah, blah. Actions prove who you are and we see you. 
Amen
Im sorry but is there any actual evidence that proves the existence of God because the only thing that I can think of is the bible and that doesn't give use any solid proof.
Thank you, Mr.Vice- President ...Happy Easter to you and yours ......

Jesus Christ would be disgusted with you, Mike Pence.

Christ preached love, charity, and helping the least among us. Your conduct and policies are precisely the opposite. You are no Christian at all.

#Christian #VP #MAGA #Jesus #Hypocrisy #ethics
Have a great day in the LORD GOD and JESUS CHRIST his son ! Thank you for your belief as a leader and VP. sir God bless you and your family. Thank you also for supporting and helping our President in his walk in Christ Jesus as LORD and Savior.
Thank You Sir
God bless you and family
You're no Christian
Happy Easter Mr. Vice President Pence. We thank our God for Jesus Christ saving us and giving us freedom!! Amazing Grace!
Thank God for leader like Mike
