Karen Momma Pence ... Fake Christian.
take care ! stay clear of churches and schools !
Thank you for visiting and supporting the Methodist Children’s Hospital.
Good job Mrs Pence ,thank you very much .
Urging you to care about all children, Karen.
What a hypocrites you and your husband are. Do you tell your god how you treat non-whites
We are so proud to have you as Second Lady, GOD BLESS You.
Speak for yourself. Most of America hates her & her husband. Only racist white fake Christians like her. Her husband looks like a used Qtip and she looks like a Jim Jones Cult Reject with a 4 year old’s haircut. But keep loving her and Mike for being the fake Christians they are.
Dead kids in Florida because of you & your parties refusal to deal with white terrorists in Make America Great Again hats and easy access to to weapons of mass d.  So much for GOP being the Right to Life party- what a joke.
Better check the fact stats on democrats loving abortion deaths vs gun deaths in America. Guns don’t kill anyone the mentally ill kill people wise up

Aww. That's pretty. Can they make children's bullet proof vests out of those pretty colors?
Great for you. Tell your hypocrite husband to stop taking NRA money.
#SupportBiafraReferendum StopBiafraKillngs By The Herdsmen, #SupportBiafraFreedom FREEDOM FOR BIAFRA
How much money did Mike Pence’s conversion therapy cost? #DothProtestTooMuch #ShameOnYou
Hey Karen great to see Mike in Dallas sorry we missed you!!!

Me too biggest reason I love our VP
Were you upset there was no conversion therapy department?!
Douche spouse
Of course

Seems like YOU need the therapy after selling your soul to go down in the history books. Shame on you.
Did any of them ask you why you support a man who’s been accused of raping a 13 year old girl, sexually assaulting at least 20 women, openly bragging about sexually assaulting women, openly mocking a man with disabilities, and backing an accused pedophile for the US Senate? Sad!
Your husband works for the NRA and people died because of him
Walmart layoffs at home office to cost up to 499 their jobs
I just love you vice president Mike Pence and your lovely wife Karen ..You two are the real deal
I think I just threw up reading your comment.
Do u get it, FLOTUS, SLOTUS WILL BE FLOTUS. 2022.  YEAAAAA
Hahahahahahaha. That’s comical. These fake Christian underwear dark brown skid marks will soon be shown the door. Mikey and Momma will never be elected again once they’re kicked out of office. You’re hysterically funny!!!
Corrupt, illegal administration wasting taxpayer money. 
There's not much left after giving it all to the top 1%.
This Karen Pence makes me sick  her Art Therapy work is just sooooo out of touch with reality, benign effort.
YOU need to take care of this via #RealLegislation 
#SaveOurChildren
#EndMassShootings
#PoliticiansNeedToWatchTheEntireVideo!
Ah, this is nice. You'll be a good first lady.
I wonder if this therapy is anything like VP Que Tips conversion therapy
Yet your Husband and his Bods reduce these plans and DeVos lowers these types of classes in school. Children need music, art and sports to release energies, encourage growth and appreciation. You are a fool to believe them! Sad for you
Do you know what would help them more? Universal Healthcare, but that would just be too Christian for you, wouldn't it?
Universal health care is about controlling the masses.Was your health insurance premium going up or down? Were you being seen by DR’s or PA’s? Hmmm you’re probably brighter than someone else controlling system deciding who gets healthcare who doesn’t 
Trump cuts art education funding

VP has never said anything so awful as your comment you sound like a zombie recording of the left. The left never have any evidence they just keep spewing more bad will in America
Concentrate on healthcare.
San
Why don't you go to the hospital in Parkland Florida & console the victims of gun violence?
mikey let you speak for yourself or was he hiding in the background?
Do you use art therapy when doing conversion therapy?
Thank you for supporting our Methodist Children’s Hospital, our wonderful staff, and our tremendous healing programs. It was a true pleasure to be your host.
Thank You for being such a tireless and devoted “second” lady.  You make so many of us so proud!
Your husband will never be president because god talks to him That is nuts 
God talks to Oprah too, weird right? Maybe God talks to everyone but you, because your broken and soulless? That's sad. I feel bad for you.

The Second Lady shows so much Kindness and Love ,We All should Learn from her ,God Bless America .
Your such a fabulous Second Lady. Much Love to you and your husband
Thank you for all you do, Karen. I am proud of you and the VP.

God Bless you
Thank you for all that you do for the #ArtTherapy  program. God Bless You, Ma'am 
Hope Texas treated you well and were shown southern hospitality.  Safe travels back home!
Fantastic!!! @SecondLady 
Absolutely fantastic.
Blessings and love today.
HISTORY

AND

GOD

WILL

REMEMBER 

YOUR 

HYPOCRISY
So are you never going to condemn Trumps extramarital affairs with porn stars and playboy models? 

YOU ARE A CHRISTIAN FRAUD!
Thank you #SLOTUS. God Bless You.
Mental @NotALoveSOng.
Ditto on the mental.
And ditto again.
