Jello miss
Perhaps Donald and his advisers could use stress reduction and good behaviour lessons ?
#Republicans could use some emotional unlocking. Would be great if #KarenPence signed up #VP and #POTUS and entire Republican Congress for some art therapy.
Maybe she can fix your deep seated mental issues.
Art therapy is a great idea. Thanks for supporting such a worthwhile therapy, great results and improving lives. 
Thank you for fighting for the health of our Service Mbrs, Veterans & Their Families !!!
@VP @SpeakerRyan @CPAC @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP #FakeChristians

It only helps if you can pay for it. 
Get your boss in there and let's see if he has anything good buried down deep!


Mental illness can be treated.  It is not equated with being a psychopath.  Prevention is the key to preventing the very few who might incline that way from becoming so.  Thank you Mrs. Pence for highlighting effective treatments for mental health issues!
Jesus wants us true Christian to warn our brothers and sisters and churches of men that His Second Coming is at hand. God's delay is give some people time to repent and save their souls (until even the children don't go to Heaven.......!?)
Art is a great way to remind us to pray the gay away and distract us from the loss of our reproductive rights, the mass killings funded by the NRA and the death of our civil liberties as we descend into this autocracy. Perhaps we could wear these as red habits as smocks?
I have my own way of dealing with emotions. #VoteThemOut
People in distress need Supernatural Solutions Beyond Science...www.rodicamalos.com

hey karen Is donnie still fucking the playmate?
And what is your background in the psychotherapeutic aspect of art therapy?

Very commendable. Now please tell @VP @POTUS @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan  to stop trying to shut off funding for the NEA & start shutting off funding from the NRA.

CHILDREN ARE DEAD. Art therapy won't bring them back or heal those who survived the massacre. If you are truly Christians you will support  BAN ON ASSAULT WEAPONS.
Dear Mother Pence: please talk to the hubster about fawning over Donald. It's creepy. I think you have more to worry about in that, than if he has lunch with another woman in public. Honestly,  you seem like a nice, if naive lady. Your husband is going to go down when Trump does.
@SecondLady .Hello Second Lady .  You are doing what you do best .  Teaching , Giving  of your .  What a inspiration to all ! You look happy and sweet sharing yourself .  It’s refreshing having you spread joy to others .  JOY IN THE MORNIG . Martha Borg
DID A TEACHER HAVE A GUN TO PROTECT YOU?
#CPAC2018

#2ndAmendment

#2A

#Trump2020

#VoteGOP

#MAGA
2018 midterms will hit hard.

Great job

Is their work going to be worth more if they are shot with assault weapons?
BRAVO to @SecondLady !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Art & Art therapy have restorative properties. So happy to see someone esp. in your position advocate for this! GOD BLESS YOU!
"DESIGNS OF THE FUTURE"!
There is a program started by a mother of a 6 year old boy that was killed in Sandy Hook. It teaches children to get along with each other and love each other. Check that out
Great job 
An effective state of consciousness cannot be buried,one day it'll burst from bad to worse.
Good work Mrs. Pence. Keep it up
Does it unblock denial and cognitive dissonance?
Now y’all can get together and whine
The families of dead kids are suffering - do you think art therapy will help?
ART THERAPY 
Mrs Pence.  These tweets feel out of place when the parents and students in Florida are in such pain. Try doing something to help them heal.
You certainly should know about out-of-place tweets. 
This is why we need art and music in schools and security
I agree.
I guess art therapy is effective when one’s husband is a corrupt phony Christian.
I have angry emotions that people (civil servants if you will) us their position in government to enrich themselves.  Do you think at therapy would help me?  Do you have any art work for sale?
A sample of my latest work.
I call it
Lucky Pierre
Art Therapy Helps!
you all need to see what is happening here in Houston ( again)! Great work ladies!
Keep up the uplifting tweets, reading some of the  snide remarks here proves that therapy  & positive activities are needed by many.
It really does work!
Or maybe kids can not get shot with machine guns
Art therapy is calming.  Thank you for sharing this beautiful heartfelt stories.
Maybe you could invite Nancy ,Hillary and Maxine?
This is really nothing new to most of us
Send a few paint by numbers to the Obamas
And yet this budget get cut from schools every year
#FAKECHRISTIAN #FAKEPRESIDENT #TRUMPSWAMP #NRABLOODMONEY

I guess your husband is drawing penises, then
Can you help the students at Parkland using your art therapy?
don't  go there, girlfriend
Yes so true so true ...
Cutting Medicaid will make this impossible for people to access.
Like the MISERY kids feel when they're hated by YOU because they are gay? Jesus will punish you, Karen.
BEAUTIFUL 
Pretty embarrassing on how Curtis Hill represented Indiana today
Maybe you can just actively sign up parents when their kids get shot at school - hopefully they have insurance that will pay for it
Prayers and Art to heal the bullet wounds.

@SecondLady, Yes you are correct, Art therapy does help unlock emotions,being a retired teacher for ESE severe Exceptional students in Broward county,Fl. I did Art therapy daily with All students. The insight from Art therapy is very revealing and therapeutic.
I agree 100000%.  Keep up the great work. We need that more of.
Mrs. Pence, it's great you're involved in this. You may want to check out "paint pouring." It's great to do with your grandkids. And it's fun for us adults too.
Great
Thanks you very much

Just another resource that could have been used on the FL shooter.  Please make sure they address Mental Health , and the out of complience with the school district!
I thought thats what liquor was for 
My Mother In Law Has Early Stages Of Dementia ..Art Therapy Has Helped Her Tremendously .. Thank You For All You Are Doing !!  God Bless Mrs. Pence !!  
Having a fish tank helps me tremendously
HOT TAKE: Gun Control Helps to Prevent Children Buried Again.

Helps Me.!
I can certainly vouch for that.  Paint one a brush allows emotions to flow,
I like Karen. She's a cat person. I don't agree with her but I won't trash her. Its a cat lady thing. 
If this your answer to the 17 families devastated in #Florida? How about not being an NRA tool.
Did you know that the Mauser company produced one of the most influential rifles of all time? But even it couldn't help against solar flares. That's about how your comment sounds
You are AWESOME  @SecondLady
Triggered bot. Go pull some more of that info from your tabloids.
Please visit our young friend Coleton if you are near Children’s Hospital of Atlanta and @RMHC. We love you and your husband.
Wonderful way to heal people heal and work through difficulties!
Art also helps illuminate injustice and why walls are an impediment to peace
You mean the peace illegals have perpetrated against US citizens. Visit Kates Law.
https://twitter.com/outwidit/status/965500615769186304 …
You Rocked this morning!!


AMEN..
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/966775473819631616 …
