His words ring hollow in your south!!! Don’t you try to compare his faith and practice of that faith with your and your followers faith is nowhere near the same! You weak willed faith compromised dip!
The irony of this tweet is stunning.
Black History Month honors #MK50
You know he would be against everything you stand for today, right? Take care of people, not businesses. Let people live in freedom, not under tyranny of fake religiosity. Don't you dare talk about what Dr. King's example with your track record of harmful public service.
God & Jesus said we were all brother and sisters as humanity 1000's of years before MLK, jr did.
.See, the difference between you and Dr. MLK is that HE loved all people. You only like straight white people. You really should #ResignNOW based on your overall suckiness.

You stand behind  a vile cruel man and take God's name in vain as you prop up this evil president.  Your weakness and lack of ethics is a stain on your Christian faith. God is not mocked!  Stop it!


True

Reminder that Eric Greitens is a friend and seeming protégé of Mike Pence, with whom he campaigned and met frequently. Now that Greitens is outed as not only a blackmailer but a sexual assaulter, does @VP have anything to say?
Fair Housing Act was adopted after MLK JR death by Pres. Johnson. Yet Fair Housing Act isn't enforced while many women are sexually harassed in their homes. So just don't use MLK words for political platform but enforced the laws of equality and protection.
You need to resign!
By enabling a treasonous attack on our democracy. #RESIGN
James 2:14-26
Faith without works is dead.  Your faith is necrotic. Through your actions, you've proven yourself unworthy to quote the word. Your love of power is revolting.  Your use of dead faith to promote it is a mortal sin.
Mark 12:30-31, Mark 7:9, Exodus 20:2-6, John 4:24

AMEN
#BlackLivesMatter #StopPoliceViolence
#StephonClark

Scoop: Top EPA officials have discovered an email in which Sarah Greenwalt says, explicitly, that Pruitt approved her $56k-plus raise—despite his claim that he had no knowledge. Now they're scrambling to make sure it doesn't get in front of the IG. https://www.theatlantic.com/news/archive/2018/04/pruitt-epa-raises/557561/ …
Trying to wrap my mind around a totally , morally corrupt creature giving praise to a flawed  ( so are we all ) man, but a giant of men  in modern human history. I just can't do it.
https://twitter.com/newsweek/status/982196246088527872?s=21 … @SenateGOP @SenateGOP @CREWcrew @maddow @CNN
New EPA lawsuit claims that Scott Pruitt "covered up evidence of potential criminal wrongdoing" http://bit.ly/2EnJpOX  
I’ll choke every time you talk about the philosophies of Dr. king why are you Mr. KKK and your white which party that doesn’t care about anyone else are hypocrites to use his name
Smh
Wow. From a man that supports all that Dr. King worked to change, this tweet is an excellent example of your hypocrisy. Please go away soon.
Ummmm...how are you honoring his fight for civil rights with your actions, exactly?  Sometimes, it’s important to hear the hypocritical before you speak, then just say nothing.  You don’t honor Dr. King’s legacy in your behavior.  AT. ALL.
How do you honor People of Color? Seriously, give me one example how you have help minorities. GOP is against people of color through voter suppression efforts and gerrymandering. Make Election Day a National holiday. 
You're a disgrace.
The entire world is disgusted with you & your boss.

Should the U.S. take action against Syria for their reported use of deadly chemical weapons?
You are the last person to talk about human rights you prejudice piece of bowel movement.
and then ... there is this HiLLARY supporter =


You're a disingenuous racist. Everyone knows it. Your opponents and your supporters. It's literally why each became supporters and opponents.
#MLKJr would have fought against you and everything you represent. And he’d have taken a knee with @Kaepernick7 #HypocritePence

#F*^k your sentiments!
You are compromised & we know it. #WeSeeYou You have traded our country & the values of great men like Martin Luther King Jr. for your evangelical american taliban extremism. I hope the Rule of Law continues to stand in this country. If it does, you too, will be held to account.
Said the racist homophobe!
As if you really give a  about MLK, you’re such a POMPOUS EMPTY HEADED WIND BAG. You have nothing to offer but FALSE PROMISES and increased pandemonium because of your continuing LIES and HORRENDOUS behavior, you’re the first PRESIDENTIAL    ever elected I know off.
Again #Trump fell for your lies. You are making a fool of him. #ScottPruitt
Houston, we have a problem. Buzzfeed’s @JasonLeopold submitted a Freedom of Information Act request to EPA for records of any death threats against Pruitt and was told there were zero records. https://twitter.com/foxnews/status/982822339502108672 …
@Interior happy birth day sir
You have nothing but disdain for our current civil leaders in the black community, don't pretend you'd have acted different 50 years ago . Also, you said gay people should be hanged. You're a civil rights MONSTER, and MLK would've fought you tooth + nail 
You and that orange chimp are exactly what he was trying to prevent.
If that is what you think, you are definitely a lib-tard
You worship idols, the flag
Republican #MAGA voters bitch & moan about poor folks, disabled &  seniors on social programs-but it's OK when the rich #Pruitt waste & steal MILLIONS of their tax dollars...Go figure? @GOP #PruittMustGo #TrumpRussia #MuellerTime
Hollow words from a hollow man.
I live in Indiana,Pence! We know you're a racists
really you honor him?  hypocrite.
Don’t even.
Yes but he deserves it, Donald said his YES MEN get whatever they want.
If Dr. King showed up at a football game, you would walk out in protest. The only black men you fallaciously claim to respect are historical, not living.

I will never forget the tremendous impact Dr. King had on me by his words and actions when I was in high school. His Christian love in the face of evil and hatred was impressive. We need men and women like him now!
And just like most people of colour today are being STILL murdered ...just like MLK was... so does this represent an acknowledgement by the administration and DOJ that black lives should matter??
I am really impressed that you even know his name...
American taxpayers are basically paying Pruitt's aides to sit home-and  also paying for Pruitt to poison our water, air, kill wildlife...&  kill the earth...#PruittMustGo #PruittMustResign #PruittResign #ImpeachTrump #environment
@VP and @EPAScottPruitt are both corrupt Gov officials who will be impeached and fired and then tried for crimes against humanity and the USA.
Martin Luther King today would have stood by and supported Black Lives matter. You dont support them. You are against minorities. You dont even live by your Christian principles. You are nothing but a fraud.
If he were alive today he would say forget non violence
And his words equally apply to the LGBTQ community who are fighting for their civil rights.  Rights that you are happy to deny them.
Hypocrite much?
The people of Charlottesville say you're racist - so stfu
24/7, 19 man, 19 car, $2 mill security
Sound proof phone booth
1st class travel
Private jets
$50 a night lobbyist landlord
Shady raises for his cronies
Strafing environment
Big business shill
Climate change denier
All the lies

Begs the question… shouldn't Trump #FirePruittNow?
He would have despised you
Step down robber barron.
Article: EPA insiders bemoan low point in agency's history: 'People are so done'

Pruitt's security team currently consists of 19 agents and includes a fleet of at least 19 vehicles. The size of Pruitt's security is unprecedented. No previous EPA chief has ever received a 24/7 security detail, the agency's inspector general has said. https://twitter.com/gelles/status/982705689368854529 …
50 yrs ago, you know you didn't give two shits for a black man marching for equality and probably praised james earle ray for murdering him.

Scott Pruitt’s Overworked Security Team Has Cost Taxpayers $3 Million http://bit.ly/2qflv34  
What are you afraid of at Disney World, #PollutingPruitt ?
https://twitter.com/justinjm1/status/982628769184829441 …

Where's our taxpayer refund, because you're lousy at your @EPA job. 

#Grifter
#FirePruittNow

Dr. King would have opposed everything @EPAScottPruitt has done. Including the having no sense of right or wrong. #FirePruitt

This guy....

https://www.politico.com/amp/story/2018/04/06/pruitt-was-the-kato-kaelin-of-capitol-hill-505658?__twitter_impression=true …
@VP if you think for one hot second that ANYONE is fooled by your empty tribute or the honoring from the orange skidmark @POTUS @realDonaldTrump, then YOU are the ONLY one being fooled... #NotBuyingIt
https://twitter.com/justinjm1/status/982628769184829441 …
Oh, yes! Let's act like my administration cares about #MLK while we try to unravel everything he supported! So smart!!!
#Firemarkpruitt
Blow it out your...
You want to honor"the man and the dream?" How about every one of you imept, corrupt and self serving members of this Administration resign! Starting with you! #MLK50 #VoteThemOUT #TrumpCrimeFamily #ComplicitGOP
this administration should look at MLK's life mission...you just wrote words...live by actions.

The Pruitt ethics scandals and the Pruitt EPA policy scandals may not be as separate as they seem. 
Pruitt flew coach when taxpayers were not paying for his travel: report
Oh just go away... You don't mean a single word of this. Go away and crawl back under your rock
But Rosanne...I'll just leave this here.
as if you had one iota of respect or understanding for Dr. King's message or the man himself.  what an unrepentant fraud you truly are.

Here's to honoring MLK, unfortunately the dream has been stomped on by your administration!


Pruitt you have no right to even mention the heros of America with your dirty mouth. Stop stealing taxpayer money
You both have some nerve hypocritically praising Dr. King’s work when you don’t believe a word of it!!
.@realDonaldTrump& his administration dishonor the legacy & vision of #MLK50 every day with their terrible actions toward our environment, the poor, healthcare as a basic need of everyone, & loving our neighbors as ourselves.
Why hasn't #Pruitt been fired yet? I mean, #Pence is in up to his neck too, but you know, one thing at a time
Hypocrite
I have never understood why people think one skin tone is better than the other.



He represented his faith well. Didn't try and reinvent Jesus to fit a man like Trump.
You should be more like Martin Luther King you're far from that in terms of ethics
Listen to him then: best speech ever  “A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on   military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching   spiritual death.” Martin Luther King Jr.
RESIGN @EPAScottPruitt

It’s time we issue an eviction notice, change the locks, and kick out Scott Pruitt from the EPA.

I'm calling for him to resign immediately.


Very well said..
You don’t honor anything about what dr. King stood for.
Seriously? Yet you walked out of an NFL game because black men were peacefully protesting? You’re exactly the kind of person King was fighting AGAINST.
Kind words. It’s just too bad you don’t believe them
#Winning!
Shame on you. Puppet.
You know what would REALLY honor Dr. King? Policies that promote diversity rather than promote racism. Instead, you, sir, create the exact opposite.
I knew you were a POS prior to your appointment of the EPA... but since taking over, your lack of ethics and dereliction of duty has far surpassed the swamping of the drain I expected. You are the antithesis of the kind of person who should hold this position. Shame on you.
CAUCASITY!!!!! BEST TERM I'VE HEARD ALL YEAR
Lol. You would have called Dr. King a radical and terrorist if you were in power then. vice president, bye 

EAD
Shmuck.
Your boss
great words coming from a racist.
Are you saying thank you to the cia???

What is your understanding of the dream? I'd love to hear what you specifically mean by this tweet.
Lock him up!
Scott Pruitt-themed posters in Capitol Hill this morning 
Did MLK inspire you in any way?  MLK would have understood Black Lives Matter. He would have understood NFL players kneeling. He understood the violence of poverty, war, and racism. By your words and deeds you obviously do not get it, Mike.
Would he have understood BLM assaulting trump supporters at rallies before the election even took place?
You're a hypocrite fake Christian
Seriously, you are a racist, you support racist agenda.  No one believes you have any support for what King started.  Who do you think you are fooling. King would call you out.  BTW:  Reread the bible-Jesus not  thrilled with you as well.  Hope you end up in HELL for eternity.
You don't care, u wouldn't hire blacks in your casinos u know the ones that all went. Bankrupt?Don't pretend you're the grand wizard mixed with Hitler and i know you
#FirePruittNow
Pence shut the hell up. MLK was alive today ur administration would hate him
You like ‘courageous examples’ from 50 years ago at a lunch counter or bus strike, but today’s courage of a player kneeling makes you leave a stadium. And by the way, your boss called them a sons of a bitches.
KEEP @EPAScottPruitt.  All stories seem like style over substance. Small Potatoes. Whatever he's done or hasn't done Ethically pale in comparison to those like Charlie Rangel. Pruitt is knocking down EPA regulations, just the kind of person you want managing EPA.
Dear Vice President Pence, the American people need you step up and take hold of the reins and direct our country out of this current darkness. Whatever it takes. You will find that the American people will support you.
What about your dream of squashing the civil rights if millions of Americans?

#FalseRighteousVP
Call for great rates!
Did you know MLK Jr changed his name after studying the life of the great Protestant Reformer Martin Luther
Hypocrite! If #MartinLutherKing were alive today, you would denounce him.That is evident from your reaction to the kneeling athletes. You make no effort to understand their protest and you have been mute on police killings of unarmed black Americans. You insult the memory of #MLK

You are a pile.
You aren't worthy enough to mention his name!
Blah! Blah! Blah!
Words are cheap. Let your actions honor Dr. King's life by upholding the American ideals of equality and acceptance of ALL people. #mountaintop

i would like to lease this meme in perpetuity please
You literally got pissed off and had a temper tantrum cause NFL players were respectfully protesting for the Dream. #whatajoke
You two are some of the most hypocritical pos.
And to honor MLK the republicans will further increase inequality today?
jesus, you've got a nerve.
You mean #MLK50, as in the guy who protested for equal respect for black people?  That guy?

You're the hypocritical embarassment to Hoosiers who walked out of a game HERE IN INDY because they knelt to protest police brutality.  Irony, or "missing the point" much?
tell @realDonaldTrump
"Pruitt has also requested a bulletproof vehicle & a 20-person protective detail, having apparently mistaken his pos. of EPA administrator for that of Beyoncé!! His $$$ bodyguards have traveled with him to his home in Tulsa & to a family vacation at Disneyland."
#FireScottPruitt
Please do try and honor mlk and the legacy of civil rights he was a part of. Next time you go to a nfl game and people are protesting the same thing... maybe sit and watch the protest, rather than running away
How about you protest on the proper forum.
Honoring him by fighting for everything he OPPOSED? I don't think you get it.
You don't have the character to have the privilege to say his name.
#hypocrite. #hypocrisy
#hypocrite
But...but...the NFL walkout you did...
