Can you make it 4TH?
Or better, 7TH
Thank you President Trump!!!!
Может все таки 2 мая!
As he exults neo nazis, and ignores true hero's doesn't go to funnels but golfs.
Time to get rid of the military and move to a faith based prayer system. God does far better work than our military.
Armeggedon amik ovasi mehdi -iSA ..
I call BS!!! Shove your prayers
Yes.  Sending you my thoughts and prayers as we live through the wheel and dealing with your power.
Let’s work together to keep fentynal off our streets #MikeSchimmerhorn #lostdaughter
in the past, this announcement has always made people feel proud, why does this one today make me question religion?
Lmfao.
“May The Force be With You”
When's the national day of grifting? 
https://twitter.com/thehill/status/992403733857304578 …
#PollutingPruitt
Pruitt made travel wishlist and asked staff to find "official" reasons to take trips: report http://hill.cm/kKGbc8w  
@FBI Stop abetting "Israel's" crimes w/my tax dollars. End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel." “Political language is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectful and give an appearance of solidarity to pure wind” ~ #GeorgeOrwell
Beautiful!!  I pray everyday.
For more than 60 years democratic party has used and abused the #black community, time for this historical misuse to end is now.
On the national day of prayer you should be praying for your First Lady....her husband’s lawyer admitted yesterday he cheats so much he keeps Cohen on retainer for all the Non Disclosures.
What's up Martin Luther King had multiple affairs that doesn't change the fact that he's a hero of mine President Kennedy had affairs to what's up Bill Clinton
BREAKING:

The Ninth Circuit court just ruled that Prayer is unconstitutional and voided Trump's proclamation.
Where does this judge get away with this?
I think it was meant as sarcasm, but I am sure the Left would love for it to be true! As a matter of fact a few happily replied.
PRAYING DAILY FOR YOUR MASSIVE HEART ATTACK @realDonaldTrump 
2 Corinthians 9:8
And #God is able to make all #grace abound toward you, that you, always having all #sufficiency in all #things, may have an #abundance for every good #work.
I think you are their only fan. Again I ask you which god. Does your god have a name?  You know if you spell god backwards it spells DOG.  I love dogs. Your god fake news.
Hebrews 1:1-3
#God, who at various #times and in various #ways spoke in time past to the #fathers by the #prophets, has in these last #days spoken to us by His Son, whom He has appointed #heir of all #things, through whom also He made the #worlds; who being the [1/2]
#brightness of His #glory and the express image of His #person, and upholding all #things by the #word of His power, when He had by Himself purged our #sins, sat down at the right #hand of the #Majesty on #high, [2/2]
Fraud-O-God
You seem like a stable human being.
Trump is the right’s version of an intellectual and a ‘good Christian’. No wonder they have one news source and are against education.
I don’t know anyone who thinks he is an intellectual or good Christian. He has been a great president so far. In the context of this tweet, it’s good he is lifting up Christians instead of belittling them like his predecessor #MAGA
What? He doesnt care about Christians?!. He has the religious Nazi Pence at his side and spouts crap about praying purely to get religious peoples votes. He is the most irreligious man ever. And any religious person who supports him is a hypocrite, considering his track record.
And as for belittling Christians, they are idiots, who believe they have the right to force their beliefs on people-eg, Prolifers who think they can make women do what they want. Pro life and pro gun. The irony is disgusting.

We banned (handguns) in 96. we had 200 deaths to your 38000 last year. Nuff said. No amount of graphs can change that. The 2nd is fkin disgusting. The American constitution is NOT a sacred text and should be changed when needed.

@FBI Why do we give more military aid to “Israel” than any other state? Considering you are violating US and international law W/aid to "Israel' are you stealing from US tax payers? Stop stealing from me; end our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
Praise the LORD. We thank him for our saving grace through Jesus Christ our Holy Lord and Savior amen. And thank you Mr. President for acknowledging God and recognizing the national Day of prayer.
It is wonderful to have Almighty God back in the dialogue coming from the WH. Thank you POTUS for your example and thankfulness to God for the many blessing our country receives.
The fake man of fake prayers proclaims a day of prayer. Trump has never prayed in his life.
Really. He is a liar. Little donnie needs to resign
Don't hold your breath Ellen

NO CHANGE THAT....

Do hold your breath !!!

FOOL. 
Hmm. Blantant violation of the Constitution. He'll probably get out of this too. People are focusing too much on his personal life and not enough on his actions. It's things like this we never see reported.
Freedom OF religion. Not FROM religion. He doesn't specify who or what to pray to, and is not creating any legislation or law regarding religion, or based upon religion.
How is it favoring them? What do they get?
It's called a National Day of Prayer because its use is to urge everyone to pray to a deity that many people in the United States don't believe. People can pray on their own accord. And you are ignoring the fact it is federal law for a president to declare it a holiday.
I know 36 U.S.C. § 119.
I just don't see how urging people to pray is favoring anyone. Lawmakers urged Ryan to pass  stricter gun control. Many people don't believe in stricter gun control. They urge people not to smoke. Many don't believe it applies to them. Still not favoring.
Tell that to the courts that declared it unconstitutional.
Jesus is Lord
Jesus wants you to stop lying for your boss. Jesus wants you to show compassion to the poor, the stranger, and children. Jesus wants you to repent, to turn around and chart a new course. #Repent #JesusIsLove
So you're admitting Jesus speaks to you...
Yes, he does... and he tells me every day that not opening our borders, trying to cut welfare programs, not caring for the sick, allowing our government to charge huge interstates, all go against exact bible teachings. 
So many fake Christians around here it's embarrassing
Jesus never said you couldn’t enforce your borders. And he spoke against welfare “give a man a fish”
...but aren't we supposed to teach the man how to fish? We should be investing in our children's future, not tax cuts for the rich.
It's funny how many "Christians" quote this "verse" .. you are absolutely right, the Bible never teaches us to fish, it teaches us that if you bring fish, share it with everyone, no one should ever go hungry (Matthew). This guy doesn't remember his bible study well
Uh, yeah, there you go again, taking credit for something you had nothing to do with. This is an ANNUAL commemoration. It’s even on my preprinted At-A-Glance calendar. I’m praying — that our nation will soon be relieved of YOU.
Prayers won’t help you now!
Where the whole nation prays for you to be impeached and indicted.
I pray his Presidency ends soon.
My #Putin,who is in #Russia, scary be thy name. The White House is yours,your will be done, in the US as it is in Russia. Give me my peepee hookers, & forgive my debts, as I am broke. And lead me not into impeachment, but deliver me from #Mueller. AMEN #NationalDayOfPrayer #trump
Please give Mueller that proof you have. Oh!  That's right. Silly me. 
Be patient my child. Good things are worth waiting for .
Oh, um okie dokie.
You’d better pray; Mueller is coming to get you, and you and your Crime Family are going to jail.
*The “Tweets” I message here using 1st Amendment asking you/US to stop violating US/international law for the Crime Against Humanity of "Israel" get forwarded to "senator" feinstein, "senator" harris, "congressperson" lowenthal @ACLU , @theCCR , @pal_legal, @USACBI @NLGnews @FBI
How is that #LoserInChief doing today? Aside from Nixon, most ethically and morally corrupt #POTUS in history. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Good day to pray impeachment

My prayer is that you will resign and your boss is impeached.  Dear Lord hear our prayer.
We are all praying you are arrested for high crimes and misdemeanors, along with many, many other cons. 

God's blessings to you President Trump. My most fervent prayer is that the evidence of God's Hand upon your Administration be evidenced in the November elections. Truly the losers are backbiting and gnashing their teeth. Their day of Reckoning Is coming.
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/whitehouse/status/992040078770950145 … (Ranked 36th for May 3.)
Reagan beat you to it. Stop taking credit for what previous administrations have done.
Every day is in my home any more. Brings peace and harmony into mine and my wife's life. Bless you all. ⚘
Hail satan, Rise forces of evil
And you have a lot to pray about.
But it still won't get yourself out of trouble.
Wait isn’t that kinda forcing religion on everyone?!?!??
Nope. Freedom OF religion. Not FROM religion. Just like National Donut Day doesn't force you to go to Krispie Kreme, or to eat donuts.
Let’s hope he prays for honesty. Our nation sure could use it from the president.
Let's unite behind the @POTUS
Praying to keep your job? Praying that you won't  have to reimburse the govt. for your excessive and unjustified expenses?...
Hello porn again Christians! Today is already global “Freedom of the Press” day. And on a ranking of states the USA ends up in 43rd position. Right after Belize and Burkina Faso.
Pray for freedom! Pray for your First Amendment!
Thank you President Trump!
Will he criticize anyone who kneels?
Here is some potential GREAT news for all of us "Deplorable s"! 
He is going to need all the prayers he can get.
All the praying in the world isn’t going to help trump.
Good


Not in this country.
What a hypocrite !!!
#fakePOTUS #fakeChristian
Oh man, after #Giuliani interview on @seanhannity I bet he is doing some praying!

@PressSec is praying no one asks her about her lies about the @StormyDaniels payment.

#ThoughtsAndPrayers
More like the national day of mental illness.
Jeremiah 29:11
For I know the #thoughts that I think toward you, says the #Lord, #thoughts of #peace and not of evil, to give you a #future and a #hope.
#Jesus is our #Lord  #BibleOurGuide #OneNationUnderGOD

Thank you sir I will be praying for the Which Hunt to end !!
That's very true. ."A senile old Whacko"  is precisely who this Walter character is...and he's getting worse. Tweeting at all hours ....I suspect he's an old alkie also....drunk tweeting.

God has BLESSED us with a REAL MAN as President- No matter what the PHONY christian Left
Oh brother!
@realDonaldTrump
A picture is worth a thousand words
Sometimes I pray with my eyes open and sometimes closed and sometimes both during the same moment of my prayer...My prayers are between my Savior and me and there is no right or wrong way to pray.
Eyes open and closed at the same time... Nice.
I hope you are just being snarky and understand what I meant
...sometimes you pray with your eyes open and closed at the same time... Im not snarky dear, i didnt get that part cos i tried it and i could only assume u mean one eye closed and the other open...right?
Thank you dear President   God bless You and Your wonderful Family. We love You.
Speak for yourself.
Look I have a free Voice to us. I speak for My self. Not for You, You bet I Speak for My self.  I love President Trump and His Family. So there.
You said “we” love you, not “I” love you.  I can’t help it if you have a terrible voice.
We are praying that both of you criminals end up in prison! We have faith!
But only to greed or Christian god.
Is that a roundabout way to ask his base to pray for him?


I bet he’s praying tonight that the FLOTUSisn’t about to chuck him out of The White House @POTUS @FLOTUS
I pray everyday that he and @VP are out of office ASAP
Sorry. Your lord and savior Obama isn’t on the throne anymore.
Дроссель на путинском переваренном борще
This is unconstitutional.
heaven knows his image after all his extramarital affairs needs some prayer
We are all imperfect—Praying to ask for forgiveness and give your life to God—washes away our sins. Whether POTUS has or has not is between him and God. Stop judging!
I judge as I would want to be judged. There's NO WAY ON EARTH I would have run for President with the kind of skeletons Trump has in in his closet. And then for him to preach to us FAMILY VALUES at his SOTUS!! He symbolizes America's sick-immoral condition, which God will judge
Like @realDonaldTrump has ever sincerely prayed in his life. Come on, The man has no religion and no faith. He just appropriated it to get elected. How many actual times has he actually entered a church, except for his three weddings, in the last fifty years.
You are blind, sir.
How so? Because Obama attended Church his entire life, and Trump never has? He is not even a member of any church. Get real and face reality, for once., Facts matter.
Maybe I should have said 
‘comprehended’
Thank you Mr President!  We love you and are praying for you.
I’m sure Donny is praying
LMAO...bunch a fake Christian hypocrites
Yay

Whatever happened to separation of church and state
Gross.
Persist
God forgives all so keep praying.
Say your prayers Donny Boy #mulleriscoming
He will need it after that interview Rudy had on fox and friends yesterday. 
Great day 
Ok then @WhiteHouse , I’ll pray that @realDonaldTrump is gone very, very soon.
Bringing America to its knees like never before.
Awesome! And I’m not a religious person at all!!! I think this is great for the millions that are! It’s time to remember to put the needs of others before our own.
THE HYPOCRACY, THE HYPOCRACY, THE HYPOCRACY!!! ....from the poster boy for the SEVEN DEADLY SINS!
#Amen
Pray that Trump is gone soon- end the absurdity- its gone on too long- #PRAY #TRUMPGONE
Yeah, he’s grabbing at anything that might get him thru this #StormyDaniels #Collusion #Russia thing. Hell, he’d pee on a hooker...er, spark plug, if he thought it’d do any good.
 how about a national politician has to speak the truth day! 
alhamdulillah
God doesn’t accept bribe of prayers but He values very highly a broken, contrite and truly repentant heart. He will draw near to you if you truly return to Him. The leading pastors may be praising POTUS but it’s only God’s assessment that matters. Return to God Mr Trump now!!!
He has, but some refuse to see.
Repentance has fruits, what’re the fruits of repentance that he has cultivated. Is it the lying, the bullying&lawlessness? Self-centredness which was a proof of lack of brokenness which God Himself detests. I’ll make this clear God isn’t a politician & doesn’t depend on opinions
Broad generalities.  I believe, as many of us do, that, after being raised in the Church, then living a publicly worldly life, on the 2016 campaign trail the President had a true conversion.  For those who are willing to see, his spiritual growth since the election is undeniable.
Please mention those spiritual changes. Lying, being boastful and being lawlessness are very pervasive of this POTUS. I don’t think that is the experience of people who are far lost in world that turned to the Lord at least for those I have met in my 35 years of being a Believer
Please list examples of him lying and being lawless since his election.  Yup, he still likes to boast (Maybe more than ever, since many in news media do not give him credit for anything positive.)   BTW, if you think one who's been born again never sins again, . . .
. . . you don't know the difference between justification (done entirely by Christ for us) and sanctification, which the Holy Spirit helps us to work out all the days of our lives FOLLOWING conversion.  It is during this process that God the Father is making us Christ-like.
Thank you for your explanation does that reflect in Trump who said all the ladies who accused him of sleeping with them lied and we are discovering that’s not true. It’s either you are in willful denial or perverting the truth. A new life will own his past and turn away/1
On this National Day of Prayer, I pray that @realDonaldTrump resigns or gets impeached for all the damage, havoc and embarrassment he had created for our nation.
SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEET!
Will make it a point to pray for America and my President and his administration today for sure (as well as everyday.)
Pray your a** doesn't go to jail?
I'm praying you dont turn into an a**hole. Ohhhhh,too late.
TREASONOUS president!

Wow, look at all the devil worshipping demons hating on religion. You're the reason this country is in the shape it's in. No moral foundation.
Praying he’s out of office by the end of the year!!!!! 
I pray that some day soon we get a real president and get rid of the fraud we have now.
He is our president, really!
@WhiteHouse Good Morning and Happy #NationalDayOfPrayer staff and interns. Your doing a great job on the @realDonaldTrump @vp team. Keep up the good work. Prayers you and your family have a wonderful and safe day...God Bless! 


Yes thank you Mr President now very warming
Thanks
What a Honor it is to have you as our President Donald J Trump
a wonder he did not burst into flames
also have good people in everything is well even my experience at the hospital I tell them off you know it’s just the way it is and life even anywhere you’re out
And honestly, what would make anyone think he's got ANY affiliation to prayer? This creature is godless and cares not for humanity. He's no idea of what Christianity is. A person with NO SOUL CAN NOT BE A CHRISTIAN.  He's a fake! False prophet! Where he got that 666 hidden?
CHRISTINE! hateful heart. Pure stinking evil,Spewing venomous rot. Judge not! You with out sin cast the first stone.
The only Worthy things left are @FAITH, @HOPE AND @LOVE But the Greatest of All is @LOVE. So I Pray We can All feel the #PURE @LOVE of Jesus Christ. Amen
He'd better pray.
From the guy who claims he never has to ask for forgiveness.
Untamed forgiveness is the response from that voice inside of us it says you’ve done something wrong and we want to be free from it and we want to make it better. Trump doesn’t have that voice inside of him because he chose to turn it off!
Probably should make it the whole rest of the month.
Separation of church and state.  Trump has no clue or regard for our country, values or rule of law.  

Why are you tweeting your stupidity?  TRUMP IS A COMPLETE DISGRACE TO AMERICA, DEMOCRACY AND THE WORLD #MAGA @MSNBC @impeachdtnow @USSenate @USHouse @maddow @Lawrence

Spot on. True.
Ya, he needs all he can get right about now!
Amen. 
He needs extra prayers today!! Won’t help him or his heels.
Lol all these idiots on here praying god lets trump go free of his crimes. I love the Christian faith!
LOL
The irony is truly lost on this deplorable administration from HELL

#Meuller 

That's the best Two Corinthian leather proclamation ever!
All you have to do is say Trump I think the whole planet starts to pray
It's very obvious that the youths which celebrate President Donald Trump winning are still in prison up to date just because they celebrate US presidential election results in the favour of Trump

“‘HALLELUJAH PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP’”!!!!! A MAN AFTER “‘GOD’S’” OWN HEART’”!!!!! “‘GOD’” RICHLY BLESS YOU IN EVERY WAY & EVERY DAY..IN THE NAME OF “‘JESUS’”!! THNX “‘GOD’” FOR “‘OUR’” “‘STRONG’” “‘PRESIDENT’”!!!!!
He needs them.

God bless you President Trump!’And a Trump shall sound in the latter days’
Thank you for giving my Lord a day for prayers!
The fight continues. Men of the West, we are not alone
Thank you but I have prayed everyday since before my First Communion I do not need a proclamation to pray.  But thanks anyway.
His "proclamation" has already been proclaimed... since 1952. #DonTheCon https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Day_of_Prayer …
I'm glad that the President does this annually. It reinforces what we already know, that praying is one of the most important things we can do!
I will pray for a speedy impeachment and indictment of @POTUS.
And why may 3rd
Presidente ha proprio bisogno di preghiere visto quello che da quando è stato eletto le predice la corrispondente Rai #Botteri. Suerte.
I’ll pray that he quits lieing
He’s praying he doesn’t get impeached

The people of Nineveh were saved from destruction when they ALL repented. Americans will do well to hear what their President is asking of them. Pray the Iranian Supreme Leader will humble himself before the Holy One as has Kim Jong-in, the Supreme Leader in N. Korea. G-d forgive
Amen
No one cares. Nothing he does is worth a fuck.
I guess Trump thinks he can pray his way out of trouble! You gonna pay for your sins like everybody else!! Good luck!!!
Funny how Trump the COWARD acts...And we all now see the pattern he hides behind a fake religious mask! ...But he is an obscene inmoral corrupted Traitor Trump is just Antichristian in every action and behaviour an Insult for Real Christian and a Stain and danger for America  !
Pray that you survive the investigation!! Hahaha!
I've been pissing myself laughing at this shit http://all.day .long.
A liar seeks prayers
#Please sir, support our Quest for Referendum. #BiafraReferendum. The world will be at peace . Thanks. God bless the United States of America.
God bless Biafra .

He hasn't got one.
I'm telling you ... keep it up and you both are going to be hit with lightning!
@realDonaldTrump praying Mueller doesn't issue that subpoena aren't you?
Thank you Mr. President God Bless you & your beautiful family
@FBI You aware I have the 1st Amendment & law on my side asking you to stop being a criminal for a so-called "state" that murders children for sport and/or the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel?" End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel”
He's gonna need it.
Very Good
He’s gonna need it! 
you had better pray.  It might be the only thing that helps you.
national day president trump

Which God?
We gotta pray every day with this POTUS
That’s only because #spankymcgoldenshower is praying that Mueller doesn’t know EVERYTHING that Donny has done and that this meme does not become reality
I’m sure you do!
It's a good thing to serve the Lord
Can we non-religious have a day of critical introspection? You could join in, Donny, you’ll like it. This year’s theme is Ethics, Integrity and Truth.
#TrumpLies #AllTrumpDoesIsLie #MuellerInvestigation
Hahaha! He doesn't even attend church.
I wish you phony Christians would read your bible instead of spiting on it.
