
Thank you Vice President Pence and Second Lady Karen for tirelessly working to make our lives better. So appreciate your kindness and dedication to Americans. So refreshing and welcome! 
Combat Rsrvist/Lt Col(Ret), Lgn.HoosierHero Served with a plethora of armed citizen teacher soldiers trained & Combat Ready. Enlist this current cadre of willing defenders at schools;Admin, tchr... Trained, able, and courageous. The Guard/Resrve is there! NOW!! Vigilant Defenders



#childrapetrump case was withdrawn on 11/4/16 Plaintiff + eyewitness' sworn statements claim @realdonaldtrump brutally raped + abused 12 + 13 year old girls. younger 1 disappeared +he said he would do the SAME to them, kill them + even go after their families, if they ever told!

Dear Honourable SecondLady and Dear Honourable Vice President, I would like to draw Your attention to a catastrophically plan in Australia to infect carps with herpesvirus to reduce them.Danger f other species(also us ?) You have a great heart,please help to stop it !
Your hands aren't clean either
God be with you both
I support
So, you lied to them about things you will never do?   #priceless
@GOP On 11/4/16 #childRAPEtrump case was withdrawn due to numerous death threats, shortly after @lisaBloom's presser with the plaintiff + her eyewitness was also canceled due to threats! RE-SWORN affidavits a girl age 12 disappeared + Trump threatened to do the SAME to them KILL.
Good deal nice going
Great to see the VP listening to the Nations governors but please include the folks on the ground, too. Well, I would say the community and teachers must assist in identifying lone wolves, Campus security is another issue. POTUS and the VP are making America great and safe again!

PENCE TAKES MILLIONS TO BE A PUPPET FOR THE NRA...
How Australia All But Ended Gun Violence

Very simple. Ban AR15’s. #BanAssaultRifles
I hope Republicans can make schools safer than they are making the nation. All they have successfully accomplished so far is creating more pollution and giving money to billionaires.
Too much CNN
You should know
And yet holy rolling Super Christian reedone loves that spawn of satan...
Born again buttwipe
زنده باد ایران و ایرانی مرگ بر آمریکا
It's long overdue

Tell them to ARM up and use for vets as teachers... so they will not be afraid to engage the enemy.. if needed.
Thank you Vice President Pence, God be with You and your Family
Yes, take action to keep our schools safe again. Right now they are not safe. We need action and we need it now. We cannot tolerate one more school shooting or any mass shooting anywhere at anytime.
#MuellerTime #Russia #Collusion #GUILTY #TrumpRussia #RickGates #Treason #IndictTrump #LockHimUp #FBI #MoneyLaundering #Impeachment
Mike Pence Argued For Criminalization Of Adultery Before Joining Trump Ticket






The majority of Americans have wanted major gun control change for years. This time we will be heard Midterms 2018 #gunsense #VoteThemOut Pence took from NRA millions of $ and voted agains many sensible gun control laws

Mr. Vice president please no dreamers Deport them with their parents pass e-verify give them no jobs no entitlements and you leave on your own it won't cost a penny
Please Help... United States And People Of United States - Your Exellency VP Michael R.Pence... Please...#tears...

May I suggest, Sir, that putting stickers on the outer doors of our public schools that read "This is a Gun-Free Zone" does not help the cause. #jayesun4uscongress
Red Flag laws would be like a Socialist State with people being flagged for disagreeing with the
President.
How come @realDonaldTrump wife look younger, @VP
We put armed guards at Banks and not schools. Go figure.  Arm teachers. Law makers, get out of the way of the people protecting our children!
Put officers that are not afraid to act.

Follow suit with Israel, they figured out 40 years ago that Armed Veterans in schools keep schools safe!
https://m.facebook.com/VeteransOnWatch/ …

https://twitter.com/outwidit/status/967488321369800705 …
@VP  @SecondLady The #HoosierTrumpers Proudly honor your commitment to #MAGA. 
You couldn't care less for keeping schools safe.
Mike Pence President 2024!
HEY PUPPET PENCE WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
It's about time you do something bipartisan maybe it'll change your outlook on some things
God bless you all!!!
Awesome job Mr VP God bless.
Kick Satan out of your head for starters
First step is for you & @realDonaldTrump & @FLGovScott to turn over your #NRABloodMoney to #StudentsStandUp .

Thanks in advance for doing the right thing. 

@PressSec @FranklyFlorida
Airlines armed their personnel. Seen any hijackings or anyone entering cockpits?
Swallow your pride. Why dont you ask other countries? US has 20-50 times more fire arm homicides. Are their gun laws the same as ours?
How about in the very days ahead you do this. Resign and make America great again
Good Job
Start with mandatory background checks and severe vetting and limits on semiautomatic weapons. Then discuss the #russiansanctions and #muellersinvestigation getting closer as #gatesflips
Some restrictions on gun purchases is a good start.
Thank you VP Pence and Second Lady for all that you do for our Country. We have never had such dedicated representatives of this office make such an impact for those in need. God bless you both.
Amen!
Dear Vice President Pence,
Thank you for your calm and meaningful demeanor throughout this media circus.  You and your wife represent us so well at all the events you attend.  
BTW...every time we see you we are reminded of this guy. LOL
Amen to that! ! ! ! !
Stop...eliminate the ability to have war weapons altogether.
Feck off Pence. Come out of the closet for God's sake! "Mother" inows...
All the GOP does is talk and then does nothing....we are fed up! #NeverAgain
Make assault weapons illegal except for military use and place a 2 cent tax per bullet to go toward school safety improvements!
Ahhh....back with white people again.  I bet you're glad to be out of S. Korea Pence.  No wonder he looked constipated the whole time.
Was Bozo Brown there from California?

Respect you. Busiest VP and 2nd lady that I can remember.
Excellent. Teachers are generally not equipped to handle a crisis with arms. Bit my sisters are teachers. I think you need pros—Sharpshooters. Patents will pay.
No you won't. You'll take advantage of every photo op to pretend that you are really doing something. You'll hashtag potus IN tweet after tweet after tweet cause that's all you do. He and you do nothing else. All the while you're just hoping this goes away because...the NRA.
Perhaps divert to Anglo-Tudor cause against rich's thirst for filthy-lucre(tive "philanthropy"), that tax-collection may be premier in Synod but Christ is savior to all; or aesthetic may say all is "human" but non-synoptic teleologic rationcinates expanding to 6-"t"rillion isn't?
As "ratiocination" is training in precise reasoning (or train of reasoning) in exacting justice, first used by Edgar Allen Poe (1841) in world's first detective story that (in sequel) turned out to be true; but Allen that panties around is not going to detect(ive) to break case??
Not you again,go away
Want to make our schools safe?  How about getting rid of that so called idiot of a president, not that you would be any better.
What about churches, work place, concerts? These mass shootings are occurring  in more than schools , as you well know.
Good luck talking sense with liberals. Thank you sir for your love of children, keeping them safe, and being a great VP!!
You won't ban assault weapons, so everything else you say you're going to do is next to meaningless.
Want to make schools safe.  Get rid of the Racist RepubliClans and the NRA.  Our President want's to shoot the hell out of people.
Such a shame that it takes another "Columbine", etc. and the voices of thousands of students protesting to get your attention!  Here's hoping for  a solution.   And just to be fair,  the Dem's don't get off being guilty either.
Many substantive conversations? Action is needed...NOW!
Hard to believe a man who stands "shoulder-to-shoulder" with a man who's a proven liar. "We'll be talking . . . " Yeah.


God Bless You!
Yes kiss was Pence. How much did u know aboutbGates ya that's what I thought you dirty just like Trump.
Sanction Russia
Listen to the kids- they are far smarter
It’s a start
Try adding assault rifles to the National Firearms Act. Numbnuts.
You POTUSES CAN RESIGN AND NOT ONLY HELP MAKE SCHOOLS SAFER BUT OUR NATION AS WELL.
Pull up your  pants ... it’s too late to save your shoes!
Vice President Pence & First Lady , hope all goes well in finding a solution to school shootings , Two guards on duty at schools may help alot,  in Sevierville Tennessee we do have police on duty every school , may you both be Blessed this year . Sincerely Thanks Rose Ownby
Thank you!  MAGA 
Sounds like you're still on vacation.
You and mother?
Was Eric Greitens there? Another fine Republican singing family values....
Was Moonbat in attendance?
#LyingPence knows what would make schools safe - let @BetsyDeVosED run them all for profit!
Um, Mother, better tell the  boy he's been following the wrong crowd. 
Charges against Manafort:
• Conspiracy against the U.S.
• Conspiracy to launder money
• Unregistered foreign agent…
Also you should have met Kim Jong Un’s sister but you didn’t. You know what I’ll listen to what Kim Jong-Un tells me. Because he’s a better person
You both should’ve stood when the Koreans walked in the stadium. So don’t whine about football players not standing for the National Anthem If you cannot stand up when the Koreans walked in the stadium
Ask the experts and law enforcement they already have the answers , don waste time in more conversations ACTION
Can I be your nephew too.
Be sure you talk to the democratic ones. And remember how much you did for Indiana. How else would Chicago get all their guns without exremely lax gun laws in Indiana!
You are all talk and no action. The young folks in our high schools will be running you and the NRA out of town. The revolution has begun and you have no place to hide
God bless you & thank you!!!
God Bless America!!!
Love our Texas Governor.  Working hard to keep Texas RED!
I suppose you're right not to publicly have an opinion on trump. You're guilty also and shouldn't be your presidency either.
But you will only do what the NRA wants you to do.  Worthless- spineless- ignorant- can’t wait until you are impeached along with your boss!  We know you were part of the obstruction- we are still waiting on sedition.
Too bad as governor of Indiana you couldn’t govern in a bipartisan way.  #cnhs77
 islamic neo nazi slaughtering civilian in AFRIN.  PUNISHES KURD AND ARAB SDF FOR HELPING  COALITION FORCES LEAD BY USA DEFEATING ISIL. USA DO NOT LEAVE THÈIR PARTNER ALONE FIGHTING, IT IS TIME TO ACT AGAINST AXIS OF EVIL ERDOGAN ISIL AL QAEDA IN AFRIN. SUPPORT SDF
You haven't mentioned gun violence reform once.
Resign now

GUNS KILL
PEOPLE

Guns Guns
GUNS

#NeverAgain
Investigate the @browardsheriff for one!! Call for his resignation for two.
Its Friday pizza and odouls baby!
Australia banned military guns in 12 days. Hell, you can't even figure out what the hell to do, can you? Meetings, prayers, self-adulation, constant love-tweets about the Trump administration accomplishing jack squat. Are you being paid...?
Wow, you were honored a LOT today! What did you actually accomplish? Your posts are all so symbolic- such a waste of time. However, I DID read your infatuating posts about the WH guy. Suckup much?
פי
NRA-ILA | Pro-gun candidates don’t come any better than Mike Pence.
Lip service and MORE guns…

#GunLawsNOW #GunControlNow #GunReformNow #AssaultWeaponsBan
4 things Donald Trump is doing to loosen gun laws in the U.S. - National | http://Globalnews.ca 
WATCH: Florida sheriff comes out against arming teachers: "Teachers should teach" http://hill.cm/Ds5O5aF 
Broward County superintendent Robert Runcie says "we don't need to put guns in the hands of teachers. You know what we need? We need to arm our teachers with more money in their pocket" http://cnn.it/2EKdKvU  #StudentsStandUp
Your solutions will create more these situations:

Elementary kids find loaded gun teacher left in Pennsylvania school bathroom - CBS News
Sketchy grifters one and all
Thank you seems like nation is ready for change in school security and safety
Here are two ideas. Stricter background checks. Ban assault weapons. Oh. And one more. Stop taking money from the NRA. You all behave as if it's SOOOOO hard. It's only hard if you love NRA money more than you love America's children.
Step 1: Vote Democrat in 2018
GUN CONTROL!!! That's what will make America safe! Gun owners are not the only ones with rights!
Simple solution. Need more gun control. Why didn't you think of that?
politicians have the luxury of TAXPAYER funded SECURITY, while they discuss ways of avoiding GUN CONTROL, while pocketing NRA money. btw... jesus didn't have a gun

Did you miss Governor Greitens?
Resign
That's my Governor @GregAbbott_TX
Why bother pretending to care about making schools safe? If you did, you’d join 66% of Americans who want to ban ARs. You don’t care about these children’s lives. You don’t care about American lives. You’re transparent and we’re on to you. #BanAssaultWeaponsNow #BanAssaultRifles
All bullshit
What about movie theaters? Concerts? Churches? What are doing to make those places safer?
Enact meaningful gun legislation
start by using the words"gun control" -Yiu cant duscuss it if u dont name it-or r u talking abt making the school safe from adverse weather?bugs?slip and falls?
Have you thought of replacing the fire alarms with hand grenades?
Zombie
barely bipartisan..... almost all governors are now from the @gop
I’m sorry how much money did you get from the NRA? 
Pence you’re in the pocket of the NRA.  You’re complicit in school shootings. Every politician, regardless of party affiliation,  who gets money from the NRA is complicit
Did you find out anything new and useful to you? Or you still believe that thoughts and prayers are the only solution to the gun violence problem. Are you there really to listen to others’ suggestions or just pretend to listen? God bless you to become more decent human being.
You are the busiest Vice-President EVER!! Thank you for your hard work and helping to Make America Great Again!! #TrumpPence2020 #BestVPEver #MAGA
I thought all the Russian bots were gone?

you and the president nbr1 should stop supporting the NRA and the gun industry and nbr2  making inappropriate statements!
