I so appreciate you @SecondLady  and your hard work along with your kindness and grace.
I love the very idea of art therapy! Thanks for taking the time to go see it in person!
Please let PRESIDENT TRUMP @FLOTUS @VP, @FoxNews their supporters  are not receiving all messages on Twitter.
Beautiful ,Keep on Shining your Light ,Praise God ,Praise God .
BEAUTIFUL 
Thanking you always for your unwavering service and humanity to those struggling with illness. You dignify your office Mrs. Pence with your presence and we are forever grateful.
Ms. Pence. I like art therapy very much! Many of our folks take art therapy, music therapy, etc.  Very effective,  yes.  But our folks are also Developmentally Disabled. We have some ideas.  No Trojan horse.  Please check you're mailroom at White House.   God bless. Go Trojans!
Thank you for your kindness and graciousness.
Art Heals
And now the rest of the country will know about this
Well done, Madame! Great so see the Second Lady visiting so many institutions and places.
Keep visiting all kinds of Art Therapy programs!
Wow, look what happened recently at "my" hospital system, my employer!

how are you

I'd like to ask Karen Pence if she thinks she could shoot a gun fast enough & accurately enough to take out a bad guy with an AR-15 with one shot (there won't be time for another) ... oh, while she's protecting 2nd graders???
Why can't we get research in Hemp Oil that has been proven to cure cancer.  Congress gets richer of Pharm co's Treating than curing
Well done
Love this color on you!! Thank you for being awesome!


Are you starting to upstage OUR FIRST LADY????
Liar like her husband!
Get a job.
Thank you.
@SecondLady Good Afternoon and Happy Wednesday! Your doing an "Awesome" job with your #ArtandMusicTherapy programs. Prayers you @vp and your family have a wonderful and safe day...God bless! 
While I'm glad you keep a spotlight on art therapy, the current seeks to devalue and to a very real degree defund Art, Therapy and Education. Please use your conscience about these important elements of America.
ADMIRO el matrimonio Pence. Creo que son una pareja que puede ser un buen ejemplo para todo el mundo cristiano.
I feel so sorry for you and Melania
Blessings and love today darlings.
