LOL Ohmigoodness, Mrs. Karen, I just love you to death!
What is your cat's name?
it's #Hazel
He looks like my Herbie Derb . He was just on my lap too. I found a litter under my shed and my Wife said, “look over on the side” and I did and Herby stuck his head out and I said, “HES MINE!” 
Bet the cat is happy to leave D.C. too.
Awe
Hmmm, no birthday wishes for @FLOTUS

Mike Pence is cut from the same cloth as Paul Ryan.

He's a destructive force who's willing to ignore the facts to impose a fundamentalist ideology on his constituents regardless of the human…
That's the most homosexual cat I've ever seen, Karen
Intolerant bigot.

I like the ones in between the legs more.

Poor thing! I get gratification in knowing your next 6 years are going to be a living hell.

Beautiful cat...no place like home
Nice kitty cat.
I love your cats name 
You're husband is a sick animal. Which leads me to believe that you are as well. But in the name of God.
Aww so cute
Look out your plane window, gaze upon a nation that does not GAF about you, your cat, or your husband
Who?
She is CUTE. 
Both of you are beautiful!
You look far happier than the cat.  I bought the book, love it for our 13 grandkids.
Mrs. Pence, please advocate for our roads in Indiana.  #potholes
Why don't you all just stay there
Does that pussy grab back??
your husband would void my marriage if he had half a chance, nice cat tho
So how much is that costing taxpayers?
Mother, please stop tweeting!
#NRABloodMoney
As most know, my daughter was killed in the Parkland school shooting. Please sign the petition and ask VP Pence to become part of the solution for gun safety.
https://petitions.moveon.org/sign/demand-mike-pence-not?source=s.fb&r_hash=isx2YIO8 …
Hello Ms. Hazel
That's one fine cat you got there.
yes should be
I like Tabbys too! My old male.
No one cares about your cat dear. What 300 million patriotic Americans care about is not having religious zealots with better than thou attitudes shoving their choices and opinions down everybody else’s throats. Get it yet?
Thank you, Karen, for being an awesome '2nd' lady, but numbers are simply numbers. We love both you and Melania as graceful dedicated American women, mothers and wives each in your own special ways.
Beautiful Picture ,Thanks Second Lady .

Praying for you and your husband. Jesus is the way, the truth, and the light :) Hope you have a great trip. Peace and Blessings all around.
Where's mamas boy?
Goof for you!
Oh... love!!!
I know YOU are ...maybe the cat too.
So nice
Fabulous pic.  You are a great lady :)
Is just like atigraita xd
Hello mum ,am an African young woman in need of financial assistance from you .
since mike pence went too white house indiana has fallen apart high utilities more killings which is the mayor,judges and prosecutors failure too charge people with criminal prosecution
#Hazel has to be a Hoosier at heart.
what a cuty!!
@mike_pence Welcome! Back! to Indiana!  Bravo!  Congrats! THANKS! for all you do in MAGA!!! We're Proud of what you all have been able to do. Awesome! Congrats! Have some FUN!!! Cheers!....and, SWOOSH!!!
The cat is like "OMG! Someone please save me from this hell."
After screwing Washington
Awe it’s beautiful that you take her with you in your travels! They enrich our lives,so much don’t they?  Love it 
Meow!
Looking forward to hearing VP Pence tomorrow!
SUCH A CUTE CAT. <3
Safe Travel and God Bless You and Your Family 
So proud of the great job everyone is doing!
Need a play date?
Love it! 
Hi #Hazel  !
Thank you and VP Mike for praying. Thank you both for accepting the office and praying for and with President Trump. Pray with him as you place the full armor of God on daily, piece by piece. And travel mercies for you and Hazel
this is an Egyptian cat, isn't it?
Home Sweet Home!  My@home base, also!  I know you will be singing, “Back Home Again In Indiana.” Have a safe and blessed journey!
It’s not the cat!
"Ly'n" Mike Pence Denies Evolution Because It's "Just a Theory"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cv1v-ziuSFg …
"back home again, in Indiana....." It's warming up a little maam, come on home.
Hazel looks tired of traveling.  PLEASE, Mom!


H A Z E L 

That cat looks like he only likes you 
You are so sweet and a class act! Met Mike at Fiddlers Hearth in South Bend on Dyngus Day, right before he became VP candidate. The Pence family = class act! Thank you for what you do!
My daughter also met Mike
Aw second kitty so cute!
Love you second lady you are top notch and we think you are wonderful
Animals with smart to them there is nothing like home. Bless their heart. And bless you and your family Karen:-)
@secondLady '카렌 팬스 부대통령 영부인님 
뵐때마다 [트위터] 소녀같은 느김이예요 ..[웃음]
그리고 시어머니분과 마치 딸처럼 닮았더군요 ..놀랬어요 .너무도 좋은 가족관계라고 합니다 [동양에서]
 미술치료도 전세계에 널리 알려주세요 ..
Poor cat has to ride in Air Force 2 or a limo oh the humanity and degradation we are praying
Awe what a beautiful cat!
He looks pissed.
What a cute kitty thanks for sharing
We offer this to you and yours for your consideration. My Son lives in Indiana so we feel a "connection" just may be in order. God Bless, humbly submitted, we pray this just may be our "seed" for America.
Honestly Karen, looks like you are, not the cat. 

God bless!
Have a nice flight, Hazel!
He looks like he thought you said, "There's a new kitten at home waiting for us!"
nice kat
I'd say you look more excited to be going home at the moment. lol  Perhaps #Hazel is just a bit tense flying.  Safe travels for you both & God bless you always.
Safe travels!!
Awww.  I take my cat everywhere. She’s a frequent flyer.
It's okay to keep it close
Romian pulls into her nose
It's harmful
 Love you Second Lady! 
Great photo 
Why do cats always look irritated when they get their picture taken?
 that’s just the way they always look.

I get gratification in knowing your next 6 years will be miserable, sad cuck.
Meow! Why is Impeachment taking so long? Why did your husband hire Flynn knowing he was working for Turkey and Russia?
The cats adorable, but you're ugly
Oh Mother... How sweet.
Safe travels.   No place like home 
BEAUTIFUL picture. 

We love our Hoosier second family and the pets! The trees are finally starting to bloom “back home again”!
Kitty looks less than pleased. Safe travels.
Pretty grey tabby.  Tabbys are my favorite.
Ignore haters 

You're a great second lady
Hello beautiful woman
was born in Indy
RESISTER SISTER BAHAHAHAH
GREAT picture of you and the feline!
Love the picture thank you for sharing

Hazel needs to meet GoKu. See my profile pic

Grab that pussy by the...?
You’re still mad? Go away.

