Gosh Karen-What about Stormy?Your some kinda Christian-What Do Christians think about Stormy?What do you think about Karen McDougal screwing Trump while Melania was pregnant?Was this sex the same as Roy Moore-you know,like Joseph and Mary?#KarenTheHypocrite
Thank you


Instead of Trump having the Parade on Veterans Day, lets spend it on healthcare, homes etc for Vets n families, No More for-profit-wars

real question, when your ten year old son ask "...if the president pays a porn star, isn't she a hooker?" How would the second lady answer this?
Meanwhile...

Trump budget seeks huge cuts to science and medical research, disease prevention - The Washington Post
Trump's proposed 2018 budget cuts to NIH, CDC, FDA, HHS backlash - Business Insider
The Trump administration is quietly dismantling the Affordable Care Act, taking a series of regulatory steps that will make it easier for insurance companies to sell plans that exclude patients with preexisting conditions or don’t cover basic services. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/2/22/17033588/trump-obamacare-preexisting-conditions … …
Good, government has no business being in our health care. Shame on those who want a craddle to grave federal government.
كظ
Love to tell you some stories about us!  MAGA WITH GOD AND FTPU!  CHECK MAILROOM,  please.   God bless.
@realDonaldTrump @SecretaryCarson @FLOTUS @VP @leeson_penny @DineshDSouza @PressSec @ericbolling @KellyannePolls

Whenever stories break about Mueller and Trump’s transition team, smile because Pence, too, is fucked


You're wasting tax payer money
Mes encouragements à toute l'équipe médical que ce bât pour c'est braves soldats et leurs famille


And what about your email Mr. Pence? Using private email to conduct public business? #hypocrite
 for the children of Syria
Pray for Assad and his regime against fighting ISIS
Extra wonderful
Who cares what you say. Be a good vp wife and go home, pray and make dinner on the tax payers dime.
So proud and honored to the work you are doing
God bless you Second Lady and God bless all of these wonderful art therapists and their precious clients. Your presence among them is certainly a bright light of Hope and Courage.



If the US were not addicted to war, we wouldn't have such a need for all this. Our military would be healthier.
If the war hounds stopped calling on America , we wouldn't get involved.  America has always helped .
Trump/ Pence will get state charges by Mueller.
Nice lady, husband is a lier and sees  religion as it best suits him!

Christians my ass...
Thank You for all you do to represent America and Hoosiers!!!

Whenever stories break about Mueller and Trump’s transition team, smile because Pence, too, is fucked

I trained in the operating room of that hospital back in ‘82 when I was in the Army.
God Bless them !
I miss Jill.

Karen when, as a supposedly CHRISTIAN woman, are you going to condemn the president for cheating on his wife with PORN STARS?! Is this OK by you? Your silence is deafening. Stand up and DENOUNCE. Otherwise you look like a CHRISTIAN FRAUD!
I happen to know some of those therapists and...wait for it...they are gay!  Still applause or....do they need conversion therapy?
Does it bother you, as a Christian, that your husband stands next to a man that pays #stormydaniels and said he can #grabthembythepussy and continues to lie to the people. Any guilt at all? Any? #NotMyPresident
Applause for your efforts with this wonderful program!
카렌 펜스영부인님 .의 모든 정책에 동의합니다 
우리 대한민국은 모든 문화를 공산당에게 빼앗겼습니다 -오원춘=문창극 이라는 김일성 조직에게 
왜 여성은 정치를 말하면 안됩니까?
저는 죽을것을 생각합니다 ,오원춘=문창극 의 모든 무기고 파괴에 제가 살고있는곳 폭발 당연한 것으로 생각합니다
Thank you & VP Pence for all you do. MAGA
Please help fix the Education Problem @SecondLady , We are experiencing the effects of long overlooked and over funded and inefficient program that gives no results. People were more literate 100 years ago than they are now.
Mother, what do YOU think of @StormyDaniels ?
We love you @SecondLady
God Bless them and YOU, BECAUSE YOU CARE. 
Karen Pence, you and Mike Pence, have failed at excellence. You have only attached yourself to a fraudulent statement which is designed to mislead. Your ignorance to make soldiers feel like they need to die for you is the absolute reason why you will rott in hell  
Dear @SecondLady , you are so much better than this administration. You know in your heart that, the road your husband treads, is that of misery and shame. Allow yourself peace.
When are you visiting some of those families effected by Gun Violence? Or did the @NRA forbid you.
Don't care
If the Bushes, Clintons or Obama haven’t gone to prison I doubt he will.  We have set the standard for criminal conduct in federal government and he doesn’t even come close. Don’t let your partisan hate blind you.
#PenceKnew

Awesome Work To Everyone Involved In Helping!!  God Bless Our Soldiers And Their Families !! 
Lovely!!!
Thank you for supporting the creative arts !
President and the Porn Star . #FamilyValues
The open star th@ has stated in the past it wasn't true.
Oh yeah th@ not a liberal CNN fact so it don't count,right?
#resign
Is that all you know is ART... Art is wonderful but there are other things going on in the world.. Like you and Pence will be taken down with Trump soon enough..  Stop spending our money traveling around.. You already Disgraced us at the Olympics .. Both of you SNOBS..
BEAUTIFUL 
Please join us in supporting @NEAarts - crucial funding is provided by the the NEA to help ensure that these types of programs exist all over the US! #SAVEtheNEA @Americans4Arts
Awesome, you're  a fine blessing to America. 
Love and blessings today.
so do we really have to hear from you!!! you fake christian -- please keep quiet... we didn't elect your sorry butt. Plus, who gives a damn what you do.....
GREATEST SLOTUS EVER
God bless you Karen second lady you do so much for everyone and you never quit God bless you. And our Vice President 
You @VP were disgraceful at the Olympics. Horrible representation of the US.
How do you feel about transgender and gay members of the military?  (Or anywhere, really.)   Do you support Mike's positions?
Thank you for what you are doing
@SecondLady Thank you for being such a beautiful and gracious Second Lady.
@StormyDaniels and @FLOTUS are much prettier! @SecondLady is the last person I would have a drink with. She looks stuffy and boring as hell. Not to mention all the Jesus BS you would have to hear about.

do you feel better now?
