Barbara Bush told everyone not to vote for Trump after he said he son was responsible for 9/11 and her other son was "low energy Jeb"
And you posted this, why?
You’re no Barbara Bush...
Show some respect.
1.  We cannot normalize any member of the Trump administration's attempt 2 liken or compare themselves 2 political leaders who had / have the best insterest of this country at .  We cannot allow normalization of a racist, corrupt regime & need 2 call it out wherever it exists
2.  I have respect 4 the Bush family at this time. Barbara Bush was not a political idol of mine, however, she remained steadfast, strong, principled and was an example to young women who desire to follow her version of how to be a woman.  May she rest in peace.

That’s a lovely picture. Thanks for posting it.
Your boss insulted her sons and husband.   So maybe apologize to the family.

God bless her and you as well. RIP Mrs. Bush.
"He doesn't give many answers to how he would solve problems. He sort of makes faces and says insulting things....He's said terrible things about women, terrible things about the military. I don't understand why people are for him, for that reason."

- Barbara Bush
Dear brilliant Barbara
A dignified woman would apologize on behalf of your “son’s” boss for the disgusting things he said about the First Lady #BarbaraBush ‘s family, right mother?
Barbara Bush was one of the most real, most classy people I have ever seen.  She will always be a bit of a heroine to me.
RIP, Mrs. Bush, and may God comfort your family and friends!! Prayers for them all.
This is a beautiful picture of the two of you Mrs Bush was a Special Lady
Great picture...
Thought that was @charlipence  in the picture at first
So did I!
Beautiful picture of both of you.
Charlotte looks so much like you! Barbara Bush was a very special lady and set the bar high for First Ladies.
Beautiful picture!
Make a donation to Planned Parenthood in her name.
Mother, you know, she was a proud supporter of Planned Parenthood, right?
I'm pretty sure she and her family are not supporters of the policies of the administration your hubster is CEO of.
Two very respectable, classy and dignified women right there!
A total Class Act 100%. The world needs more people like Barbara Bush.
Much less of #Mother!  RIP Barbara Bush
First Lady Barbara Bush had class and grace. She was not only the matriarch of the Bush family, but was also a great strategist when it came to politics. She did not like tRump, enough said!!!
Will our President insult the Bush family at the funeral? "Why so low energy?"
So lame.
Call Sean Hannity
Lamer.
Trump's personal defense attorneys asked that Trump be investigated for firing James Comey and Trump doesn't even know that! He's such a moron! I love it! HA HA HA HA HA
You are a hoot!
That is pretty funny, isn't it? Trump's being repped by lawyers who think his own actions should have been investigated. Hey! They get paid regardless. He's just a schmuck because he'll get angry about it now. It's so entertaining!!!

#SexualPredator #TrumpRussia #TrumpResign #PutinsPuppet #PutinPence #PenceKnew
Lovely photo.
She is an amazing woman 
I’ve always thought she was so regal and refined but with a big heart.  She will be missed! 
Thank you for being the second meeting and your husband and Trump are doing a great job.

Lovely tribute! Prayers for you in your sorrow. What a classy, faithful, strong, beautiful example for us.
Very classy & Beautiful ladies..God bless..RIP Mrs Bush
Maybe one day this picture will be of two First Ladies.
#MAGA 
@VP
Maybe you are right! Once Trump is impeached she will be First Lady. 
Two beautiful women! Thank you for serving our country with grace! You are a gem and make Indiana very proud!
Omg. Charlotte looks just like you!!
Thank you so much for posting this beautiful picture, it’s a sad day it’s about the passing of a wonderful person(THE LADY IN PEARLS)please stop posting ugly comments
Beautiful picture 
What a really great picture! 
Wonderful pic
A Secret Service Agent said she was the nicest and most considerate First Lady he personally worked with. He said every Secret Service Agent who knew her said the same thing.
A grand lady.  So strong.  You are the same and a wonderful Second Lady!  What a treasure of a picture.  
Bless your heart.
Has Melania made the same gracious engagement that you praise Mrs. Bush for accomplishing?
@SecondLady @vp Thanks for sharing and sorry for the loss of your friend. My thought and prayers go out to the "Bush Family" You, @charlipence @realMarlonBundo and your family have a wonderful and safe evening...God bless! 
#RIPFirstLadyBush
Shut up Karen.
God bless you @karenpenceveep so proud you got to meet Mrs. Bush, that would have been awesome

My God be with there family always.
You can see the resemblance with @charlipence in this picture of @SecondLady.
The Trump Derangement Syndrome posts on this thread are truly psychotic.  GET. HELP.  Seriously!

This is a moment to mourn the loss of a truly gracious First Lady.  If you think the current Second Lady's friendship with Barbara Bush is "fake", then regardless: HOLD YOUR TONGUE!
You also dignify the roll of second First Lady for your sweetness and graciousness.  God bless you and Rest In Peace our former First Lady Barbara Bush.
I wished she had changed you to love all people. Didn't happen
@KevinWTHR @VP
Barbara Bush:  "I don’t know how women can vote" for Trump 
Yeah you and your husband should’ve learned a thing or two from her

I first started to notice massive amounts of missing children During Obama & HILLARY
Thank you for posting. It’s unfortunate that there are those who feel the need to post ugly things. The have no self discipline or common courtesy.
Beautiful picture! I knew Charlotte looked like you but she looks exactly like you here!
You helped usher in the demise fo the grace & class of the GOP legacy that the Bushes created
What dark days for America these are & you are a a part of it
She advocated for literacy. I can say her literacy program benefitted many.
Pretty pic of you both
Such a wonderful women. So glad the US got to know her. 
RIP  Barbara.
Prayers!
Two beautiful ladies!
Very sweet Karen. TY
Her husband and son didn't vote for your husband and Donald Trump
Two Beautiful Lady’s God bless and take care Mrs Barbara Bush Amen
So, I guess ypur allowed to have dinner with other women?
Shut up, mother, nobody asked you. #PenceWantsWomenSeenNotHeard
Such sincere kind words from Second Lady Karen Pence. Barbara Bush occupied a place N all of our hearts. She will be missed.
So pleasant to read nice tweets thank you
You R welcome.
Such a Beautiful photo of u both and wonderful kind words Tk you For sharing
Love you Barbara.
Is she the one who said your hubby shouldn’t have a meal with another woman without you? No, she was a sane classy lady, unlike you.
HONOR her by returning CIVILITY to our Nation. She said she & George raised PUBLIC SERVANTS. She believed in educating our children so they can compete in our world - not take us backwards. Enough!  Public Servants don't treat themselves to expensive flights, offices & furtniture

She's no longer here to answer you. However:
https://www.cbsnews.com/video/barbara-bush-i-dont-know-how-women-can-vote-for-donald-trump/ … #GOPComplicit #PutinPence #RussianRepublicans #TrumpColluded #NRABloodMoney #TreasonousTrump
What a wonderful photo! You have the best scrapbook ever! Thanks for sharing.
She despised what the Republican party has become!

She was no fan of the Trump/Pence ticket. Indeed, sage.
Blessings to her dear family and all those she touched! Being Sisters-in-Christ draws you close & gives understanding even more meaning! Blessings, Mrs. Pence, our dear Second Lady!
You’re husband (and probably you) is evil
What happend to drain the swamp??
What a sweet picture, Mrs Pence. Thank you for sharing. God speed, Barbara Bush. 
.          So glad you took the time,
            To have a photo memory.
                 God Bless You as you 
    Live out your Life With Purpose!
What a lovely photo!  Barbara Bush was a wonderful role model for a First Lady.  And, we couldn't have been blessed with a better @SecondLady 
Good job making her death about you! True goth!
The First lady recently said she worries about parents not parenting. So true! Broken homes/absentee parents, parents that just don't bother to teach their children is the big reason why this country is in the shape it's in.
Maybe you should have heeded her advice about supporting Donald.
never forget that she hated Trump, Pence and everything y'all stand for.
So true. President Trump and Melania Trump are showing great compassion and respect for a family that has treated them so horribly.
How many of tRumps wives and porn stars have you met?
Barbara Bush was an accomplished and gracious lady. But you?  Complicit with the trash that resides now in the White House.
America’s Grandmother has passed away. R.I.P. former First Lady Barbara Bush.
Love how people are attacking Mrs. Pence when she is just trying to share a nice word about a close friend. Hypocrite liberals call out bullying, but bully all the time. Time it look in a mirror or scream at the sky, whatever works for you these days.
RIP Barbara Bush .
#ComeyInterview 

#ComeyBook 

#ComeyDisgrace 

#DeepState

#Mueller

#QAnon 

#AmericaFirst 

#MAGA

#KAG
Is James @Comey a patriot or criminal?
Barbara was a 2, you're a 3 1/2. It's very hard to be a 10 when you're flatchested.
OMG I see Charlotte in you in that photo!
I don’t think you meant any word of this
And Trump is so uncouth !!!        “I'll never beat that record!' Trump ends tribute to Barbara Bush with joke about her 73-year marriage
Good thing you don’t come to our family’s funerals.  Between the tears and sadness we try to recall something wonderful, funny and/or endearing about the dearly departed.  Try a sense of humor ... life will be brighter & far less stressful!
One thing is humor - another thing is to make a joke about three wives - left for mistresses - in the middle of a scandal about having unprotected sex with porn actresses while your current wife was at home recovering from child birth!
I appreciate you keeping your halo  shiny and straight!!  Bill Clinton could learn a thing or two from virtuous you!!!  
You’re the one bragging about loving god and your faith... hy·poc·ri·sy
the practice of claiming to have moral standards or beliefs to which one's own behavior does not conform; pretense.
Yes, we are all positive she was a trusted friend.  You didn’t even know her. She doesn’t know you either. You were s photo op person at an event where she posed for many others. You are a nobody trying to be somebody. Go away.
Despicable of you to leverage her gracious reception to normalize your own behavior. You are complicit in supporting and enabling a caustic and treasonous regime.
Mother and son
2nd Lady, Mrs. Pence. Thank You for your great Leadership. We loved Barbara  Bush. We always looked forward to her visits to Maine. She was another great woman of Faith which we will remember. Keep up the  good work!  Rob Poissant, Maine
You look so much like @charlipence does now, in this photo. 
First Lady Bush wouldn't have stood for kids being torn from parents because their skin was brown.  You and your husband damage this Country and should be ashamed.
yea that is a flattering color on you Karen (you look SO bright and young just a kid 30 yrs ago)   and what a sweet and kind remembrance for former First Lady Barbara may her soul rejoice in heaven before the devil even know of her death
Great picture! Thanks for sharing :)
Secret service nickname for bar was absolutely perfect pence n trump I bet your name absolutely horrible 
X2 really great people in USA  history Karen Pence/ Barbara bush. 
Look how BEAUTIFUL you both were in this picture. Just lovely.

Barbara Bush hated trump, and everything he stands for.


You are not to be trusted.  You learned nothing from a great lady....quit using people this way
"DON'T BE TELLING ME THESE LIES!!!" -A comment made by Mary Cecelia Green, my great, great aunt on my mothers "side" of my family. ... Also, rest in peace Barbera, and tell Aunt Mary hello...either way. - Just @Midnight_In_DC

Roger Stone said, She was a bully and a drunk. Also said she is descending into Hell
Yeah....you have fallen far from that good place. Who you associate with matters.
love your dog. and cat. honor her.
I’m quite sure she is very disappointed in the way your husband has kept silent and lied for @realDonaldTrump   You all sold your sole.  Something Barbara would have never done
Remembering Ralph Stanley, grandfather of Bluegrass. Hed id NOT kill half a million people in an illegal war to privatize oil for personal profit.

The Ghetto Uprising in Warsaw - the first and the largest single Jewish revolt of WW2.
See the story! Remember the Polish soldiers who tried to blast through the Ghetto wall and free the people…
. @SecondLady @VP She hated trump. Thought him unfit to be president and thought any woman who voted for him was an idiot. Do you still think she had sage advice and words if wisdom? @realDonaldTrump
Your daughter looks just like you! Thought is was her for just a second!
Karen, you’re doing a fantastic job. Much respect for you and your Husband.
I dont recall Mrs Bush or the President wanting hang gays as the idiot in the oval suggested about closet mike. She was very classy and dignified. A character trait lost in this administration!
I doubt she respected you as much as you claim to respect her. FLOTUS Bush, was an accepting, loving women of all, including the gay community. Unlike you & @vp who have gone out of your way to strip the LGBT of their rights & tried to male them "less than" heterosexual Americans
https://twitter.com/ItsMeCathi/status/986597860518096898?s=19 …

Full of Grace
Nobody cares.
Just another player in the game.
It is a sad period in time!
Sick #Democrats!!! #BarbaraBush
2 great Second Ladies who both have been serving a president, they found despicable. RIP, Barbara Bush. You'll be missed.


You will NEVER be in the same category as her! She spoke truth and trusted her husband. You support lies and corruption.
thats a lovely picture Mrs' Pence
You have to know that she hates Trump, and thinks your husband is a complete idiot for letting the POTUS shame the presidency. You are part if this and will be remembered in history of how complicit you and your husband have been!!
Beautiful photo @SecondLady 
your trying to make it seem like she was your best friend. SHE DID NOT VOTE YOUR TRUMP AND YOUR DENSE HUSBAND.
What a beautiful photo.  She will be missed.


The Pence and Trump families are a disgrace to America and American's and hated coast to coast
There is no such thing as “Second Lady”
Americans will miss her words of wisdom, right @LynnePatton. Her words about 45 were spot on, she was a true Republican!
taught her about tolerance to a tyrant.

Thank you for sharing your memories of a great lady & role model 
I can't see whether Barbara is Skull&boneS where the top piece hides the broche as it might or not be entering the skin.
So it's been that long ago and your husband hasn't done shit. Good to know.
Your husband is cancer for World!!!!
Maybe you could follow her lead instead you are married to the freaking anti-christ

My sincere condolences to the Bush family. 

What a wonderful woman, an amazing mother, to all Americans as our former First Lady. 
She's a shining example of strength and warmth. 

May her soul rest in peace 
Good kind teaching
OMG who cares? Attention seeking much

Your daughter looks exactly like you!
Barb seems to be ill at ease with you Karen; did you tell her Mike was a closet-case?
She was someone to look up to in many ways,  beyond being a woman.
Wonderful tribute. Thank you, Mrs Pence. Mrs Bush always showed a lot of dignity & fortitude in her years in public life. She will always serve as a great role model.
When I first met Linden Johnson, he mused about flogging the poor with his cane, I said, 'I say, heresay amongst these rabble, I agree with you, the poor sods need a good reminder of their place', as I stared down the chamber maid #huhuhu #rightoldtime
A pair.
Will you miss her bashing President Trump ? I won’t.
You haven't aged well @SecondLady
She was just as terrible as you are.
She had more honor than her family.
What did she say to do about your husband?
Lying is part of pence family DNA - disgraceful
With her love for family and country,surprised she didn't distance herself from you,knowing her feelings about the kitty  grabber-n-chief.
You are both dreadful ghouls
How many times was she married?
