Sick woman
Evidence?
#MAGA

God's precious children
do you have the ability to multi-task?  All art therapy all the time - how about going after guns, sexual harassment, racism?  All art therapy all the time...#shutupKaren
David go golfing.

You are such an inspiring woman to all! God bless you 
Banning assault rifles would save many lives too.
TROLLS ON PATROL... How do you suppose that would help ? Sure take them from the good guys BUT THE BAD GUYS WILL ALWAYS HAVE THEM ... WON'T STOP A MASSACRE waiting to happen in a " no gun zone" those SIGNS are an INVITATION TO KILL UNPROTECTED PEOPLE !
What has this got to do with a Children's Hospital?
PLEASE look at Host Defense (Stamets 7).   This is a well researched product.  1. Decloaks the Cancer, so body identifies as invasive and destroying entity.  2. Ramps up bodies immune system to destroy the Cancer.  My mother of 83 years of age is “Cancer FREE”.   1/2
This is not just a mushroom product, but is comprised of The mycelium (Root in a manner of speaking).   The fruit body called a mushroom is not used.   This is very important as the Mycelium has 30% more active DNA than the “Fruit” body we call a mushroom.   Look at the research!
Art therapy is lovely and important in these settings, but also probably the best funded and supported setting for art therapy. You are taking the easy route on this cause of yours as always. Bring it somewhere with no access!
Great Work!
Thank you Second Lady Karen! Appreciate all you do to help Americans! 
Now what you should be really doing is telling research & Those Drug Dealer pharmaceutical companies to stop blocking the use of Stem Cells and it's research. Stop thinking about the $$$$$$ signs and think about the people.
You forget this is America where you don't boss around people since you have no authority and can't make anyone do anything unless they agree ( unless they're wimps) but you are free to pursue your stated agenda as you wish.
Hi James, you keep thinking like that it's your right, but when your laying on your hospital bed waiting for a cure to an illness that you could very well have with Stem cell research but they rather you take a bunch of drugs or Radiation, I hope you make out well with that.
Hi James, never said anything 2 the contrary, the reply was 2 Mrs Pence, about Children with Cancer, I know that fear my sisters me took care of our mother before she passed, but I know that if a doctor told her they could save her or a child she would have picked the child
Appreciate clarification. Saw your side comment. Trump is and has and will continue to exhaust NO avenue of actions to stop the opioid plague but those who chose to reject direction to not start in the first place keep replacing those we help stop.Not drugs.
.@SecondLady @tracyskidsdc Do those kids have insurance? Are they turned away or separated from their family if they're undocumented? 

I'm sure the hospital is great. Your husband and his boss need to learn compassion, caring and inclusion, too.
It's interesting.People break our laws, steal, kill, and demand care ,compassion ,and inclusion. There are millions of starving and hurting people all over the world subjugated by dictators and tyrants. We fought it and we're not handing it over to anyone.
.@JamseSr @SecondLady @tracyskidsdc Yes, we're tolerating and normalizing tyranny, criminality, division, hypocrisy, and treason by our own administration. That needs to stop.  #Mueller
Not any longer. Draining Swamp.
.@JamseSr @SecondLady @tracyskidsdc If you think this is draining the swamp, you're an idiot. But then again,  even you'll see in time.
Thanks for the rational critique.
Nicely done
How bout some stem cell research, affordable medications for the children who go to these hospitals, and not gutting Obamacare that makes sure an equitable group of children get in there instead of the hospitals ranging out to private pay clientele to boost their budgets?

Asking for a friend, Karen - Who would Jesus pay hush money to first, the porn star or the Playmate? And what happens to those who continue to work for and associate with immoral people just for power? #WWJD
I'd be careful about being alone in a room with Donnie.  
https://www.politico.com/amp/story/2018/03/07/trump-stormy-daniels-payment-444133?__twitter_impression=true …

That's right ma'am.


ART THERAPY 
And your husband's boss is trying to cut money for scientific research.
BEAUTIFUL AWESOMENESS 

Your such a hard working Second Lady thank you
I love art therapy! 
God Bless !! 
Thank you Karen. You and the your husband inspire goodness and peace
May GOD continue to bless you Mrs. Pence
Did you remind them that God only saves Christians? #LyingChristianHypocrite
Thank. Second Lady Karen
Ewww, it’s mother!
Don't forget to have  Mike put on clean boxers.
@mendingkids @mendingkidsjbhs @ourdailybread @RBC @realDonaldTrump @Potus @VP @Pontifex @msgrjameson @Cardinal_Wuerl @WashArchdiocese  DID YOU KNOW?…Simple, childlike trust in Jesus is better than “adultlike” independence and trust in lesser things. https://www.facebook.com/janicegscott/posts/1844025995609953 …
of recognition
I support this. God job. 
Karen, please have Mike reconsider his sycophantic support for the amoral, and repugnant president.
Described Boxtop perfectly.
I Pray you have a Blessed Day Second Lady !
What's it like married to a con man?
Is it HandycapBill??
Keep your day job if you have one.

But screw funding research, right?

Trump budget seeks huge cuts to science and medical research, disease prevention - The Washington Post
Trump's proposed 2018 budget cuts to NIH, CDC, FDA, HHS backlash - Business Insider
The Trump administration is quietly dismantling the Affordable Care Act, taking a series of regulatory steps that will make it easier for insurance companies to sell plans that exclude patients with preexisting conditions or don’t cover basic services. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/2/22/17033588/trump-obamacare-preexisting-conditions … …
Did you send thoughts and prayers and electro-shock their genitals or use science?
Your paintings are so so
Yeah. Helping kids with cancer is terrible. I’m so glad you’re against this.
people tend to be more concerned at curing cancer than the cause of it when I was younger food was not bad for our health nor was the air we breathed  no wonder cancer is rife
The Pence are Traitors
So, can we assume you are against helping kids that have cancer?
Thank you Mrs. Pence and 2ndLOTUS! Certainly is another very worthy cause to help the less fortunate America. Please consider looking @ http://tracyskids.org  and make a tax deductible donation! Thank you from the 
I feel so sorry you're married to your husband Mike. I hope someday life will get better for you.
I feel sorry that you’re against helping kids with cancer.
@SecondLady Good Afternoon and Happy Tuesday! Your doing an "Awesome" with your #ArtTherapy programs and @tracyskidsdc Keep up the good work helping others in need. Prayers you, @vp and your family have a wonderful and safe day...God bless! 

Cute meme. It might be time to come out if moms basement and get some air.
Then just ask her to unlock the door...or have you been bad?
Nice try chief. You’re the goof with the penis shadow meme.
lol. Looks like you’ll be out of business soon.
