We had an AMAZING week with our  VIP guests here at Fort Belvoir! 

Read about the visits of the @SecArmy and @SecondLady in…
The military is our best. I wish we had a commander- in-chief worthy of them.
Love from Indiana Mrs. Pence! Love this story!
i have seen excellent results when art therapy is used in co-occuring mental health treatment. people with both mental health and addiction have greater recovery when a qualified art therapist is involved with other therapists and addiction specialists. thanks for spotlighting!


Enjoying being second lady? Seems like the Trumps are a lot of fun!
Hi Karen!  Please encourage #LyingPence to flip on @POTUS.  He'll get a lighter sentence and help end this nightmare sooner.
Blatant California Laelessness!
An Illegal woman named Matteo just appointed by Moonbeam Gov. Brown to help illegals get free housing & free College
#Insanity!
Thank you Second Lady Karen for helping our military families. Love you! 

Enough already with this bs - work on some real issues - gun control? #trumpstooge #mother
Music, Song, Art so important to the human soul. So happy that you are promoting that.
You are a good women. Wish you included sports too in your therapy.
You and your husband are both hypocrites.
#Erdogan_massacre_Afrin
.  @KellyannePolls  @peterbakernyt  @SarahHuckabee  @jeffmason1  @kevcirilli @Rosie @morningmika  @JoeNBC @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  @BarackObama @jaketapper  @RT_com @Russia @PutinRF @PutinRF_Eng
Pues no creo estar más loco que cualquier persona a  pero en fin al final uno se señala de todo y de puesto recibir ayuda de lo s que tenía estima solo recibe burla  En fin Karen yo siempre suelo pensar igual de y usted .e parece una mujer increíble Gracias por todo a todos
Why is it so hard for students to get in to a music therapy program at FGCU even with gpa of 3.94 & ACT 29 if they have limited music playing experience? Sad to be turned away when a student is so motivated.

So does the #military  now carry crayons in their packs?
And you are afraid of the gays.


I have an idea. Why don't you shine the light on the pastors who rape children. You need to clean up your religion before you can lead someone to it.
Why do true art therapists don't like having Ms Pence as their represtantive? She is not qualified as a therapist so why is she involved?

HOOAH VETERANS BEFORE REFUGEES.WE VETERANS AND PATRIOTS ARE 30 MILLION STRONG AND I WILL DEFEND OUR COUNTRY AND PRESIDENT AND VP .DC IS NOW GROUND ZERO
Such a Kind Successful Christian Woman, You must just CRINGE  when you stand next to the MORALESS Trumps?
Yes.
But jobs are best!
Illegals
 & heavily foreign accents own every job in So. Cal
Citizens push shopping carts
Whoa, wait, so you're going to ask hubby to tell the child prez not to cut the nea and all that goes with it.
Amen!
Complicit
Fuck you, scum.
Great article today about how clueless your husband is. He lets Nick Ayers do everything.
Thank you Stormy for making Donald feel good
I’m pretty sure your husband is gay
I dont care what other people say. The Creative Art Theropy has helped and I am thankful my Dad cares. I cant express that enough.
First John 1:7
#PenceKnew

You seem to forget, GOP has canceled all support for the arts.

#PenceKnew
Really?  Rude!

I find your ability to overlook your husband's boss transgressions absolutely stunning. You must be some kind of a super woman to be able to stand with your husband as he stands with his boss. "Super Woman" or "Lack of Reality Woman" either/or, you go gurl.
@VP shine acoustic
Please share your thoughts on hubby's NRA A+ rating and his complicity in allowing civilians to legally obtain weapons of war to slaughter Americans.
It’s called the 2nd amendment.  In case you slept thru that class, it was in place long before VP Pence and for good reason.
Hello lets keep everything quite so we don't make the media. I love you
#ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW 
Awesome .. Our Military Always Deserve The Best !!
Your husbands a hypocrite.
Great job Mrs. Pence.
your husband needs art therapy ... he'll probably draw a you-know-what
Can you please bedazzle Trump’s feet to cure his debilitating bone spurs?!  You never reply to my suggestions
