Oh, don't bother to pretend on our account.
There was a ceremonial lunch in honor of International Women’s Day, and he thought he couldn’t attend because “mother” couldn’t make it, but fortunately it turns out no women were invited. #AJokeButProbablyAlsoTrue
I mean, I'm not usually a betting woman, but that seems like a pretty safe wager.
© @dailytrumptoon
This is a lie @VP, and you are complete garbage...you will go down with this sinking ship, and we will cheer. Pray on that with Mommy.
Bravo!!!

Its the quiet ones you really have to watch out for!  Just imagine all things they're hiding...
Please leave us alone.
Did Mother approve this tweet? I mean it does deal with other women. 
Unless two of those women love each other, right?

You could empower us by leaving our reproductive rights alone. That'd be a cool start
Spare us your platitudes. We see you. We know exactly who you are.
By having them sign hush agreements?

Empower women? You can’t even have lunch with one, which deprives women of the same opportunities as men.
How would you know? What has Mother told you about women? You two both probably having matching night gowns. Weirdo.
We are empowered when we can make our own decisions about our bodies and our medical care. You want to empower us? Stay out of our uteruses and our doctors’ offices.
Yo Pence

Just because you SAY you do something every day doesn’t mean you actually do

Example: i go to the gym today and ALL days
"Continue to strive to"

God, can he distance himself anymore from this 'message?'
@laurenduca
My inspiration:

Perfect gif! I miss seeing her. 
I do, too!
I’d like to sit in a room with you alone and explain to you how many lies you just told but as I understand it you’re not allowed/too cowardly to do that??
Dude, did they not explain in bible-study- 'Know. Your. Audience?'
Oh, please! The most prominent thing you recognize is the need to control women and their bodies. #MuellerTime  for you, too! #PenceKnew

I'm deeply disturbed that you found it appropriate to even type & participate in this conversation
"Yet we won't give you any rights to choose what happens with your own body, if I have my way," he says smugly. Pence, you're the worst.
Mueller didn't forget about you @vp!
@Bvweir @VP @DailyNewsBin Yes he is,Along w both speakers in Congress

You're endangering their lives by cutting funding for rural health clinics. You are evil.
Fuck off
Isn't it gonna be hard to empower women when you won't meet with them without a chaperone?
Empower *within reason*right, Mike? You don’t actually want us making decisions for ourselves.
By the way, stuff is drying up down there. (FINALLY!) It's been a long week.
dear future historian,
your conclusion is correct: everyone, including his supporters, knows this is BS; and he knows we know it.
That's what he said....
The Trump admin can kick rocks,  Vice Bigot
As “mother” sits obediently silent behind him
Waiting to stage another walk out at a sporting event.


You want to dictate what women do with their bodies. Women AND men recognize YOU for that. You "recognize" contributions? How about honor? No one cares that you claim to "recognize" women's contributions. You are an awful excuse for a man and a Christian.
Everyone in the administration is doing an awesome job! Thank you so much. God bless you all
We'd prefer your respect instead of just recognizing us. Respect that we can make our own opinions about our bodies. Respect that we deserve to be equally paid. Respect that we deserve to be heard. The world progresses only when we're all equally respected & valued.
Then let women have control over their bodies and access to healthcare (yes, including abortions). More action, less words please.
I call BS!  
You showed a lot of respect when you demanded women pay for expenses and prepare funeral for a miscarriage when Governor of IN.
You are a sociopathic liar and a weak, insecure man who can't deal with any woman being your equal.  On top of that, you're a criminal in the Trump swamp.  You know who's a strong man who respects women in the professional arena?  Robert Mueller.  Our money is on him.
Save it, no one believes a word from you or anyone in this Administration
Nice try, Mikey. Sit down.
NOTHING this corrupt, treasonous administration has done empowers women. Grab em by the pussy, right Mikey? Ya gotta treat am like shit, Right Mikey? Spare us all the bullshit.
As you take away all their rights
Shame you're in a mysoginistic cult
Can you start by not taking away the ways in which we get our birthcontrol?


"Mother, may I be around women today?"
Did "Mommy" help you write this? Based on your record as Indiana's governor, you don't believe a word of it, anyhow. #Hypocrisy
Except of course empowering them w/ the ability to access affordable healthcare & to make decisions about their own bodies.  Empowerment w/ YOUR religious restrictions.
can you say this without a chaperone in the room?
How about empowering women by allowing them to retain control over their own bodies? (Why am I even saying “allowing”? It really is none of your business.)
Maybe YOU start by leaving womens uteruses and healthcare options alone. How about YOU start by recognizing women as people, rational thinking beings, so maybe MOTHER doesn't have to chaperone you...or is that because you are like your buddy trump, an assaulter w/o supervision?
Just lay off our bodies for starters. That includes reproductive parts and all parts coveted by #45
Fuck you
Yet you don’t respect women’s reproductive rights and equal pay!

are you serious?
Oh, man. We should totally do lunch, Mike. Alone.   Yeah, nevermind. You're afraid to be alone with me.
Did mother tell you to type that?

Oh this is rich Big Mike.
I’ll maybe consider taking you seriously once you start supporting Planned Parenthood. #crook
Planned Parenthood. Started to eradicate black people. And a slaughterhouse ever since!!!
Based on your tweet history I take it you're saying this as a supporter.
YES I SUPPORT OUR POTUS AND VP!!! AND I AM NOT ASHAMED OF THAT!!! JUST LIKE YOU WEREN’T ASHAMED OF OBAMA!!!
Actions speak louder than words. Your actions have proved your views oppose this statement. #DumpTrump #DensePence
Women hate Mike Pence lmao
On behalf of all women in the United States of America.
Dear Mr. Pence,

Want to make an impact? 

There are ~4 MILLION more females in US than males.

Men have no business controlling women's bodies and health care.

Competency has nothing to do with gender, so pay scale shouldn't either.

Action please, not meaningless platitudes.


Empower women by doing what? Preaching that abortion is bad, while simultaneously denying many women affordable access to birth control? Its called birth CONTROL, you know.  As in women, controlling unwanted pregnancies.
It would have been better for you to just skip this one, really.
I thought you weren’t allowed to talk to other women besides your wife?
What a crock of . You would prefer we were all called "Mother" behave and controlled like the women and girls in the Handmaids Tale. You do not think we should be able to make choices about birth control or our bodies. You calm yourself a Christian and you bold face lie.
empower women??? you try to take away our rights. we don't want your support

Mr. Vice President, ignore this childish minority that don't have the where for all to pour water out of a boot even if the instructions were written on the heel. They're blinded by the darkness. Keep up the great work. The vast majority of Americans are with and for you. :)
In the kitchen, right Mike? Oh, am I allowed to tweet you without “Mother” present?

Mother told him to say that!
Way to troll @katknapzzzzz.
Couldn't help myself. It slipped out!
It’s great response 
Why thank you!
You’re welcome.
As long as they realize their place and inferiority in Trumpland, I bet. Sexist jackwagons. Empty words from empty people. #Hypocrisy
I’m gonna call BS...
You can’t even go to dinner alone with one of us. Thanks for the pandering, but we don’t need it.
Fake empowerment
VP #Pence has dual PhDs
...in BS and hypocrisy.
@VPdouchebag
Yo, Pence, wanna have dinner with me to discuss the state of women's rights? Want to grab a bite and converse about women's contributions to society?
How about mandating #EqualPay ?
Says the man that would strip away every right we have if given the opportunity.
I don’t need the admin to empower me I already am thanks tho
Was it your desire to "empower women" when you worked to take away SNAP from 65,000 Indianians - to include single mothers? Your actions are the opposite of Jesus teachings.
How about equality....that’s all we ask.  Read my lips!  WOMEN ARE EQUAL TO MEN , INTELLECTUALLY, ABILITIES TO LEAD, OVERALL.
Yet you want to invade women’s privacy/exert control, pushing your pro life (aka pro birth agenda). Not to mention support of a serial sexual predator and rapist @realDonaldTrump? Nah boy sit down.
Empower them with the power of choice. Also, is your wife in the room while to talk about other women on twitter?
How on God's green earth did you type that without bursting into flames? 
Pence cut the crap. You're just the cool jester of the bunch. Youve wanted to Be a woman but you suppress it by attacking those which you desire to http://be.You  recognize Intl women being deported daily. Why you won't react to the Stormy Daniels story?Your time cometh.
Well, I’ll never get that hours worth of scrolling back but I was was well worth it.
empower us by taking away our healthcare, stripping us of bodily autonomy, killing the government programs we rely on to feed our families, and continuing to pretend that the president isn't a sexual predator. lol
Untill you stop supporting a serial sexual predator, your comments mean nothing. You know the allegations against Trump and yet like the priest and the Levite in Luke 10 31-32, ignore them, you pass on the other side because doing the right thing is not politically convienent.
Like Stormy Daniels? How's your moral compass?
Well the President brags about sexually assaulting women, so nice try with that
By killing us with prohibiting access to birth control and abortion?
We’ll empower ourselves, thanks.
101K !!!
FRAUD
hey just curious are you going to empower trans women ever or nah
Any chance you wanna recognize us with equal pay also? #askingforhalfthepopulation
Dear Gender with whom I cannot be trusted alone, I support you as long as I can make your decision. Pres. Sexual Predator supports you if you’re smoking hot. Happy International Women’s Day!
Hey @VP,

Can you address all the ways that @realDonaldTrump has treated women?

The sexual assualts?

The walking in on naked girls at beauty pageants?

The affair with a porn star and the cover up?

I think mother wants to hear your answers!


We do not believe your lies.
It’s not even close to April Fools Day.
What are you going to do? Loosen their ankle shackles for a day? Or perhaps lower the age of consent to 10? Worst #womens day tweet ever.
Do you recognize that Donnie likes to #GrabEmByThePussy ?
y would u even tweet this lmao
Should be interesting to see you all accomplish that. None of you can be trusted around women.
Yes. Our contributions are invaluable. . . Unless they require you to be in  a room alone with us.
No, you don't. You and your pimp Trump are enemies to women everywhere. Trump is a pervert and a misogynist, and you're a religious lunatic who calls his wife "mother" and a zealot who wants to control women's bodies. 

BE QUIET.

Indiana resident from when you were the governor:
you hate women so much you made an untreated AIDS epidemic occur because you restricted access to women-specific healthcare.
You will not be missed here, or from anywhere from anyone with any integrity.
But will these empowered women be allowed to sit at the same table as you when Ma Pence is not around?
#PeriodsForPence
You just won't allow us to have control over our own bodies.
You can empower women by trusting that we know what our bodies need and you know nothing. #mybodymychoice #gohometomother
YES!!! A MILLION TIMES YES!
"Continue?" When in the hell did you start?!?!
I sure hope he cleared that tweet with his wife!

Don't hold back! Tell Mike how you really feel! 

"Listen you mother fuckers—we're gonna tax you 25%,” Trump said in this video I found from a few years ago, regarding China. Wow. Not good.

…
Empower? You mean empower authority by following, submitting and obeying. Think again, bud. #RESIST
It's mothers day...
Oh mother
I really wish that were true.
Want to empower women?  Equal pay and control over their decision to bear or not bear children.  Otherwise STFU.
Did you capitalize nation?
The best gift you could give women is your resignation.
hey - you never responded to my countless emails from a few years back. i REALLY needed some GYN advice, and i wrote you MANY times.  #SAD #periodsforpence
There are over 100,000 people who would rather like a tweet that says they hate you than like this.
Do you kiss Mother with your lying mouth?
I wish you lunch with the leaders of Planned Parenthood and the National Organization for Women.
Women despise you.
Then why is @POTUS trying to stifle Stormy Daniels? Are you really okay with his vile behaviour while Barron was an infant??? The proof is in the NDA!!!
You lying, religious nut job. You’re continually trying to take away women’s rights. You aren’t fooling anyone with tweet, especially women. #WomanHater
But aren't you of the belief women should be married at 13, and busy having babies and cooking? You don't even believe they can make decisions in regard to their own bodies... Say what you mean, and mean what you say or just...don't.
And at every turn the Trump Administration take women’s rights and demean and harass them.   Shame on you all.  Healthcare rights diminished.  Touching without permission.  Hush money paid.
This is funny coming from the Administration that’s done more to harm Equality for Women than any I can recall in the past 4 Decades. #WomensDay #EnoughIsEnough
Profound impact? Like @Emma4Change?
I suppose in some twisted way you think this is funny. Imagine someone doing this to you. How childish, grow up.

@buffblonde99 leave him be

I think this is the lowest you can go, tweeting #NationalWomensDay with hidden agenda.... to sugarcoat yourself. #GoodByePence
The VP did not write this tweet.
You and your administration disgust me.
You are gutting woman’s healthcare and defunding planned parenthood which provides healthcare to poor women without access in many rural and Improverished areas. You are a huge FRAUD and hypocrite


Low IQ?
Pocahontas?

Btw, Stormy has your wife rethinking your whole Christian stance on morality
By empowering them do you mean he will grab us by the p*ssy, cuz no thanks, we don’t want that.
Mr. Pence,

Could you put a good word in for us with your Master?

You listed women’s contributions to the economy first.... interesting. Hm.

Ahahahahahahahahahahahaha! Another #TrumpPenceLie  
Oh muh Gawd you are so ridiculous! Thanks for the chuckle, but we will move forward without your shackles...er, “help.” #NoHandmaidsHere
Your god wants you to revisit Exodus 20:16 and then edit this tweet.

#liars
Shut the fuck up with your bullshit
So ..... did Mother give you permission to say this? Isn’t lying against your Christian moral code, or does that not apply to good GOP Christians?
We call BS!
Your words are meaningless when your policies are obviously anti women’s health, anti equality and overwhelmingly misogynistic. #yourehateful
Keep the woman of America out of your mouth. You do not represent us. You only represent a measley 30% at best. 
Sincerely, The Woman of America.
Did Mother approve of this tweet? 
but try being in a room with one: illegal.
Not good at pandering to women, huh?
start with an equal rights amendment to the constitution and stop legislating my uterus. P.s.- can you talk to women without your wife being present yet?

So that’s why you’re determined to take away all women’s rights to a safe and legal abortion? And endlessly support a serial sexual abuser? I can assure you that all sane-minded women despise you and all you claim to stand for.
So let’s put them in their place as the Lord intended. Never!
