VP Pence,  I'm a 100% SC Vietnam Veteran. Our VA system is not good for Veterans as they clone the professionals between facilities and much worse.
I know how to fix Veterans Healthcare and also benefits side of VA. I keep trying to reach President Trump!
ART THERAPY
that’s awesome Art is much needed in everybody’s life .. free expression helps heal the soul & is fun!  #artrules
FUCK Our useless Military. What did our Military do to protect us from 9/11? What did they do to retaliate against the Zionist Saudi Scum who did it? Nothing. Because our own Government Murdered 3000 of us, on 9/11. If our Military Defended Us, D.C. would be in Ruins.


More cheers
So proud of you @SecondLady   
#GodBlessMAGAPatriots
We love what your doing for the country Second Lady and Vice President Pence keep it up ... I see there’s some liberal lunatics in the thread that will never be happy no matter what we do ... Prez and VP can cure cancer and libs will find something wrong with it.. thank you.


You would make a great First Lady. I am a Democrat but I like you and the VP.
JQ? Visit decades ago. 118/365 had 2, 1 left. . White involved?(gen). Mr. Ed? Or E. D.?  152 or 39?  James Dean or Marilyn Monroe? I was threatened 3/13.
First fractured jaw? I was told “I know little people in high places” never figured went so high. 5 of 6 or just Madison?c or k? India interesting choice. Dig book of heraldry?  “e”?
Speak to your husband about not forcing his Christian beliefs on people
How has Pence forced his religious beliefs on you?
Ask the residents of Indiana that same question.  They can give you PLENTY of specifics.  Until then, feel free to turn a blind eye.
That’s why I just asked you!
KUDOS!!! Excellent work!
Your husband is such s weak person for kissing up to 45. Loss all respect
Nice PHOTO OPS.  What was accomplished?  NOT A FUCKING THING>
Did they talk about President Trump's 10 years of tax returns he promised. Did they talk about the school children blown apart by high powered assault rifles. Did any of them review the autopsy reports & know how a corner instantly knows a gun wound from an assault weapon wound?
Thank you Second Lady Karen! Appreciate all you’re doing for Americans! 
Christ this is boring. Get out there and denounce Trump, that would be time better spent.
Thank you.
The president is about to waste millions on an unnecessary military parade to celebrate himself. Between that money, and the money he wastes golfing, he could feed millions of homeless vets. This administration is lip service, not real service.
Oh look what a cute idea you should have gotten together with Melania on this OH forgot her husband was a draft dodger        SORRY


Interesting as every social program is seemingly being cut and added to the military budget.  Kind of a hollow statement.
We need to actually start supporting our military spouses instead of lip service!
You are such a wonderful Lady! So proud of you!
A liar too!
My daughter is one such spouse. She is a former intelligence officer (Iraq war) who is now in the reserves to begin a family. Her husband is a Special Forces medic. She swears it is MUCH easier to to be the person who is at war, than to be the one at home!
Bloody hypocrite

I love art therapy and think it can be an important component of a person's integrated health care. How do you propose to ensure people have access to art therapy? Is if covered by insurance? With all the undermining to our health care system, I'd love to know how this fits.
Art therapy is extremely helpful to people with PTSD. Thank you for supporting and highlighting this cost effective, spiritually renewing therapeutic methodology.
We love you Second Lady!!!
With all the problems in the world you people are cutting funding to schools. Killing art programs. Did you ever consider children need art therapy too?

Hey mother. What’s going on?
the pleasure of
Have you met #StormyDaniels? 
Thanks
Shut up

Mike Pence Denies Evolution Because It's "Just a Theory"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cv1v-ziuSFg …
THE ONLY MONKEY IS YOU PENCE!
@SecondLady Hey!...Good Afternoon and Happy Wednesday! Your doing an "Awesome" helping others through your #ArtAndMusicTherapy Keep up the good work. Prayers you, @vp and your family have a wonderful and safe day...God bless! 
 #MAGA
#OneNationUnderGod
Maybe Twitter isn’t the best place for a family of liars. Based on the comments to your posts, it’s a well known fact you and @VP lied to the US.
You’re gonna need some art supplies and coloring books when you’re in prison. I hear the government won’t cover those costs so be prepared to bring plenty for yourself. #PenceLies.
@ConorLambPA 's victory matters and @PRyan should be VERY worried.
Trump said: “If we don’t have a wall system, we’re not going to have a country.”

Last I checked we have had a great country for the past 242 years during which we had no Stupid Wall System.
BEAUTIFUL 
@ConorLambPA Lamb won by 627 votes last night, a definite victory for our Democracy in Pennsylvania. Impeach Trump and Pence.
#BlueWave2018  
#BlueWaveIsComing
AMEN
Love our Second Lady!
AMEN
Pence is going to jail along with a Trump. We all know #PenceLied You of all people continue to hide his lies. Shame on you “Mother”. What kind of Church accepts this behavior?
I'm just throwing this out there but if there's anybody out here that's not qualified to be president and vice president would you please throw your hat in the ring we got to have somebody cannot be any worse than what we already have








You fill my heart with joy.
Blessings and love today @SecondLady 
Sweet!
Lady. You advocate art therapy but this administration is why we are all driven to it.
Howabout speaking about all the lies being told by the @VP and @POTUS
