Resign hypocrite
What a very sad boy you are to say such a hateful thing...WTH.
I looked and saw for myself. You should too
Just what did you look at to come to that conclusion?  I haven't seen or heard anything to warrant that..
He's the only hope the dreamers have for a permanent solution to their illegal immigration problems..Obama could have done it but he only gave them temporary help to keep them http://hanging.now  the dems will not do it either
Would he be proud of you?

Would he have thought Trump an honorable man?

Would he have believed it was OK to conspire with Russia, subvert American democracy, grope women and pay them off?

At long last, have you left no sense of decency?
I'm all for bashing Mike Pence but give it a rest. Time and place buddy, time and place.
Fair point. And normally, I would agree with you. But, I'm afraid that time has past. 

I'm certain Trump has suggested dropping a Nuclear bomb in Syria and in North Korea.

Fascists do not understand subtlety. 

Maybe the memory of his father will make Pence think again.
Who hurt you ?
You’re a Grandpa? Maybe a bot. 

If not, look up operation Anthropoid.
Too bad he wasn’t fixed at an early age!
Btw:  “you’re” but guess they didn’t teach you this at the trailer park!
You still have your Mother.
I feel your pain. 
May he rest in peace.
Hm god
Sorry to hear about your loss. Please accept my condolences, keep you in my prayers
He's watching you from above and is so very proud of you!!! He's with you all the time,  Mr. VP.
Keep his memory alive @VP. Losing loved ones is definitely one of the hardest parts of living. ~blessings~
Life without our parents is so different. May God continue to bless you and your family through the years. Your father is so proud of you!
As a korean, I respect and thank to your family.
I believe Ed pence have been in heaven with childen of the Lord.
Aaaaq
Not so sure he’d like what he sees of America and your selling of your soul to a Russian plant.
A Russian plant? He’s been openly against Russia from day one how can y’all still cling to that notion
Just a studious historian not given to blind faith.

Was he a homophobe piece of shit like you too? 

I'm sorry...... I shouldn't have said that. Of course he was.
No need to openly declare your sexual proclivities to world as you would fruit getting brought into the country from another one.
God Bless his sole
Soul..
THANK YOU SIR, may he D.I.P.
Idiot.
Don't worry you will see him again in hell.  Enjoy.
GOD BLESS SUCH OUTSTANDING MEN.

RIP Amen
Mr. Vice President, would your Dad be in support of your boss if he was here today ?
What does supporting Trump have to do with Pence talking about honoring his father? You are just the worst type of person.
Agree.....they all think they do no wrong....we are all sinners.....lol at yourself in the mirror before bashing someone else!
what do you think LOL stands for ........
Condolences Michael. . his greatest contribution. . a noble son 

Hopefully he raised you to be a better person than you are
Obviously you were not raised well.
#gophypocrisy
If you were any kind of man you would not stand with trump
Ex-pence
VERY SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS!!! MAY GOD HOLD YOU AND YOUR FAMILY IN HIS CONSOLING HANDS!!!
Was he a homophobe too?
God will continue to give you peace and hope to see him again one day. God bless you both.
Very nice, @VP Pence. I share your pain.
You really think he would be proud that you are a Trump sycophant?
May he rest in peace. God bless you and your family.
#BLESSINGS !
Looks like a lovely man!

Thank you for sharing this tribute to your father. I still think of my dad every day and he's been gone since 1968. God Bless you, Mr. Vice President. You are a good son.
We love you! Pence-2024
god will keep him till you see him I miss my dad to god bless you
I am sure that he is proud of you and the life you have lived. God Bless you and your family
God be with you and your family now and always
.....and a "thunderbird". Served with the 45th in 1953. Co I  180th inf.reg. Didn't know your Dad but all our officers were great guys.
Love is eternal between a parent and child! Your Dad knows your heart Vice President! Your a good man and your Dad would be so proud of your service to @realDonaldTrump and our nation! I @realtrumpcousin lost my Dad too! Yesterday was his birthday in Heaven! Love sent! 
I wonder if your dad were alive today you’d still be gazing lovingly at the evil one?
So sorry for your loss Vice President Pence. You and your family are in our prayers
Sorry for your loss?! This was 30 years ago.
He spawned you so he can't be all that good.
He is with God, taking care of you, your family, soldiers, veterans and your great country. Julio from Chile.
This isn't a #VP speaking...

This is a #son  talking about and missing his #Dad in one sentence...#succinct

We all know how that feels.

May God bless and keep him in the heaven
You are betraying your witness, family values and faith by supporting a man that has broken his marriage vows not once, not twice and not even 3 times but multiple times. For what? Political power? Jesus did not give into that temptation when tempted by Satan but you did. So sad!
and for some reason those  memories always stay fresh, sorry for your loss kind Sir

Sorry for your lost. May the peace of God comfort you, the strength of God uphold you and may the love of God heal your hearts.
You are a stand up man Michael Pence. God bless you.
I thought you said that about @realDonaldTrump !
He would not be proud of you...Trump.
That is a beautiful tribute to your father.  Thanks to you both for your service to our country.  Please ignore all of the hateful remarks and let them roll right into the black hole of our universe where they belong.  Much love to you and your family.
have to wonder what he would say to you now? bowing down to comrade45.
Amen, praying comforts and reminded our dad's birthday this month and he re-upped in the Navy 4 times, loved it so much! His pictures as well! Praying MAGA LOYALTY GLORY restoration breakthroughs in their honor,in Jesus' name, amen! Thank you!
So sorry for your loss. He must have been a fine and wise and wonderful father.
I'm sure he would be ,rightly, proud of you.
thank you for your service alos ,Mr. VP
Thank you Sir for your service.
Did he make you go to conversion therapy when you were a kid? Asking to settle a bet.
But he left YOU @VP to continue his Service to America 
You’re a fine example of what kind of great man he was, I’m sure.
Ohhhhh you look so much like him 
He would be so proud of you!!!
Im sure he would be ashamed of the administration your involved in.
I’m sure that the VP would know whether or not his own dad is proud of him, as he’s the one who raised him to be the man he is today. Also, it’s you’re not your.
I'm sure he's proud of his Frank Underwood son.
Do none of the people writing disparaging comments on a post where a man is writing a tribute to his father see the irony of making those comments while attempting to hold some sort of moral high ground
Short answer. No. Small people do what small people do. Best to ignore them.
I know he must’ve been a wonderful man because he raised an incredible son who grew up to be a wonderful man as well! We appreciate more than what you know that you are a Godly man.
There’s no reason to be hateful and hurtful. It’s possible to have differing points of view and still be able to discuss things as mature adults in a respectful manner.
Your son turned out to be a POS...RIP
This is why liberals will lose big time next election. Thank you
My condolences to you mike..prayers are with you.
#Syria 

#SyriaStrikes 

#BREAKING
Do you approve or disapprove of President Trump's decision to team up with France and UK to launch an air strike against Syria?
God Bless him and your family !
No one cares
Was he a closeted gay man as well?
I lost my day a year ago last month.  It is heartbreaking. Sorry for your loss.
He would be embarrassed for what you've become.

God Bless your family as you remember your Dad. Special memories keep our loved ones with us forever til you meet again in glory.
He looks like such a kind person!  He would be proud of you. God comfort you. I know the sadness of losing a parent doesn’t go away.
#Columbus
Would he be proud of you, Mike? Doubt any decent man would.
He raised an honorable son. You are a blessing.
I lost My Dad too, my symphony is with you , Mr, vice President
Your symphony?
I am sure he is ashamed
He looks just like @tedcruz !
Is it just me or does your dad lol like Ted Cruz?
Wasn't he a Catholic, Mike?
Your father was a salesman? Um.
Sweet tribute. You look a lot like him. God bless you sir!

Sorry for your loss. Praying for you today
LIKE FATHER LIKE SON !. We love  you VICE
Yesterday would have been my Mom’s 89th Birthday 
So sad. God Bless You. My mom’s birthday is today. We lost her 10 years ago.

Trump saved Pence from the end of his political career. He wasn't going to be reelected in his state
Mr. Pence, live ur life as ur dad would of wanted u to not as Trump does. We r pictures of our parents most of the time. Was ur dad like u?
Thankfully he’s not still around to see what you’ve become and the disgusting man to whom you’ve hitched yourself. Shameful.
LIKE FATHER LIKE SON.  We love you VICE
If what you say about your father is true, fruit has fallen very, very far from the tree.
Rest in sweet heavenly peace
God bless your family today. Your Dad is in a better place. I lost my father 11 years ago and miss him dearly, I understand.
May he R.I.P. 
What would he think about your loyalty to a draft dodger?
Flint, Michigan has no drinkable water more than four years. How is that not chemical warfare?
#investigate #indict
#impeach #incarcerate 

#failing #fakepresident @POTUS 
#corruption #collusion #conspiracy #selfdealing #nepotism #lying #bonespurs #taxreturns  @realDonaldTrump
Looks kinda like Ted Cruz
Well all aside bashing with the political and him, he’s still human being. Also Rest In Peace.
So sorry for your loss.  God bless you and your family!
I’m sure your Dad would be proud of u today.
God bless you and your family. I look forward to President Pence in 7 years.
But would he have been proud of the way you conducted yourself and the company you keep?
R.I.P ::prayers::
Now he just looks down on his creepy and dangerous pervert of a son and just shakes his head. “Where did we go wrong, Mother, where did we go wrong?” he asks.
Blessed!!!
Losing ones dad is touch, Mine has been gone 8 years. His prestine 86 Regal 2door that he loved so much, is still parked in mom's garage. Open the door, there is dad's corny hat sitting on the dash. There is dad's toothbrush...that he (cough) always had handy....
Praying for you and your family.
Dads are GREAT!!!   I will join you in missing our Dads today and forever!
Thanks for your work!
Jim in Minneapolis
Your father would be very proud of you Mr Vice President. I lost my father nearly 14 years ago and not a day goes by that I don't think of him.   Prayers for you and your family.
Why didn't you serve?
God bless ! Your father is sooo proud of you he is in his heaven spot saying “ that’s my boy” his is gleaming with love 
Sir, may you hold all your memories of him near and dear to your heart. He is watching over you and knows all of your amazing accomplishments and the good that you r doing. You will see him again someday! Many blessings to you and your family! God bless!
Memory eternal Mr. Vice President.
Hmm, wonder if this is who you developed your distain for marginalized individuals from? Either way
Sounds like you had an amazing dad.  Thanks for sharing that with us.
If people could only understand why remembrance is so important these days. Thank you for sharing, Sir,
Rest in peace
I'm so sorry about your loss mister vice president, my sincerest condolences.
Imagine what he'd say if he knew who you were working for...
Nice words Mike. RIP
May Jesus hold him close and provide strength for you and your family.
RIP loosing a dad is always one of the saddest days of a his children s lives.
May he RIP 
He must have been so proud of you!! You have been a shining example of his being a loving & kind father & husband. Thank you @VP for your service to God & country 
The memory never dies 
And yet he produced you...epic fail
Man I cant even start to think how proud he would be Mr.@VP ! You sir are one of the greatest Americans
Till we all meet again 
Way to go Mike!
He would have been beyond proud of you sir. You have accomplished more than any father would ever ask from his child. He raised you right and it shows. He may no longer be with us but his memory will live on. Keep fighting the good fight and best of luck to you and your family.
He would have been asamed to see your transformation to pure evil Mikey.
.  VP .   Nice memories are priceless.  Your Father certainly made a great impression on YOU !  You will pass them  to your children . Blessings from God .  He has his hands on you .  
VP Sir, your father will stay peaceful in the kingdom of God. How proud the father will be of his son. He'll always take care of you. Amen.
Sorry for your loss Sir
Your father would be proud of you Mr. Pence.
I will remember Ed pence who keep peace & freedom as soldier in Korea.
Thanks....
A touching tribute.  I miss my Dad too.  Such men set a high bar for our generation. I hope we have done the same for the young people who follow us.
In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sancti #RIP Ed Eternally blessed as your son has ripped the fruits of your labor and his talent to the its peak potential. He is changing the life and living of long forgotten U.S citizens. The #MAGA Megatron

So sad that he son never inherited any of his virtues.
Rejoice in your Mansion!
S.L.O.W....S.A.L.U.T.E !

No matter how long it passed, we always miss them! He will be very proud of you!
My condolences. I have given up both my Mother and Dad. Leaves such an empty place in our hearts
My bad past 5 years ago and he also was a good Christian man and a good dad that loves his family and his country. Thank you for your services Mr. Vice president  I thank you for being such a good Christian man and God bless you and your family.
Those we love are always forever in our heart and memories.
He can’t hear you.  There is nothing after death.
He would be so ashamed of you if he was still alive.
I'm sure he's reading Twitter.
He'd be ashamed I'm sure how you've sold your soul to the devil!
Your dad would be ashamed of you. He’s rolling over in his grave. You’re religious- I’d be scared when it’s your turn- he’s waiting for you.
I also lost my Dad 35 years ago today. He too was a soldier .
I’m sorry to hear this. I so appreciate his service to our country.  God Bless & comfort you.
So he’s the bigot you model yourself after?
Blessings to you VP Pence. Your dad would be proud of you.
He was probably gay
