Happy Birthday. God bless you !!
Why don't you buy her a gift since Trump didn't?
Gee I thought all you Trump haters said everything he says is a lie anyway! We all know he hooked her up.
He said he bought her a nice card - his own words - because he's too busy.
Got time to tweet Kanye West tho! And ramble on Fox & Friends like a damn psycho.
Why are you picking this minor thing? It barely matters.
You support a fraud who lets Russians in our back door.
Get a clue
And I guess you supported a person who sold uranium to Russia! Or the other person who laughed about Romney calling Russia our enemy. You need to get a grip dude. It’s ok for HRC and Obama to deal with Russia in your eyes
I’m harming? No moron it’s people like you who are blocking free speech, destroying property when you don’t get your way. Why don’t you go in a corner and hold your breath
I'm sure you're a good guy. Hell, I'm sorry for trading insults. But you've hitched your wagon to a con-man imposter who's full of shit. Just like those Trump U folks did. They made the mistake of trusting him. At least they got some of their money back. Trump's goin down bro.
And don’t worry about the trading of insults I’m quite used to that from people on the left I disagree with
Never thought I’d see the day when a POTUS & VPOTUS that have done such great things would be attacked so much. It’s ok cuz the silent majority know the truth. Keep up the GREAT work Mr. Vice and hopefully future Mr. President. 
I'll second that
We Agree ☆ We Are Very Very Thankful To Have Melania As The First Lady ☆ FLOTUS Melania Represents Us IMPECCABLY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Happy Birthday to a lovely First Lady. Wishing you joy and happiness!
Happy birthday,@FLOTUS !  You are beautiful, smart and as classy as they come. We love you.
Dear God hombre. Chill the f out on the tweets.
No sir.... no....
Maybe yes?
Ok I’ll agree with maybe 
If she was more than scuzzy bimbo she wiuld not be married to scuzzy trump as a third bimbo wife!
Happy Birthday to the First Lady, Melania  beautiful,intelligent and caring ! Blessings to you 
Happy Birthday beautiful First Lady . So much respect .
Happy birthday
@JoeBiden when Joe was VP his tweets were liked by so many more people.

It's time to talk about former Vice President Joe Biden, the open sexual predator. A thread/moment...
Get help. If you think that is inappropriate then I think you may have been molested as a child. There is help for you
Obviously projectionist behavior. Please watch every video.
Don't get her anything more than a card Mike...never out do the husband on his wife's birthday.
Yes she is
How is she incredible?!? She has not done anything! Her husband doesnt even think she incredible bc he was cheating on her while taking office! !Hes just using her!!
Happy Birthday to the most Amazing 1st. Lady of The United States of America 

#GodsavetheQueen
She probably celebrated by herself. She has no husband, and the mental one she hangs around with is looking for a Bunny or other.
Are you flirting with her?! That's more than the orange douche bag said to her! Lmao
You know she's a hooker, right? You know your boss used her body to cheat on his other wife, right? These things go against those Christian values you SAY you have.

Happy Belated BD. Better late than never. 
Lol it's just a birthday bro.
Could you run out and grab her a gift? Her husband’s too busy Tweeting about Kanye.

And you’re the most gracious and amazing VP the States has seen. God Bless you.
But he can’t be alone in the same room as you because your a woman he he prefers men.
.... Trump get you Yeezys Melania? Karen and I are still waiting.
Happy Birthday FLOTUS!!  God Bless America, FLOTUS and POTUSretired Special Agent/veteran

Thank you @VP for the head's up.  Happy Birthday @FLOTUS !!!!!!  Keep up the good work!!!!!!
Much agreed! FLOTUS,is incredible and a spectacular First Lady !
Hope you had a happy birthday praying for you
Praying for you @VP  and family
A Blessed and Happy Birthday to a beautiful and classy FLOTUS Melania
Long live the @FLOTUS


I am trying to figure out if there is a tif going on between Mrs. Pence & our FLOTUS. Karen & Melania never seem to interact. Did anyone see the quest asked abt State dinner? She was silent. Seating arrang put Pences in back of room. Just curious. Hmmm
happy birthday @FLOTUS we admire you big
Happy Birthday, Melania!! Have a blessed day.
https://youtu.be/TsO2Mqwwdyo .   Have a happy/blessed B-day

pence, you're an evil little Manafort man!
Happy birthday may you have many more I like birthdays I normally get one once a year LOL so enjoy yours and have a great day
What makes her incredible?  The fact she puts up with his lies? The fact she stays with him after he fucks porn stars and playmates behind her back?
Yes she is bay the way now ismy turn to congratulate her also  
Nelany you do it good happy Birthday
Happy Birthday First Lady.
Happy birthday @FLOTUS... Enjoy your day... 
I also wish @FLOTUS a wonderfully Happy Birthday and eish ber sell. God Bless you Melania.
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday
Happy belated birthday to our beautiful FLOTUS!
A Very...Very...
 Happy Birthday...
To Melania!
Hi
Happy birthday beautiful intelligent classy Melania!
Happy Birthday  SALUTE 
Did Micheal Cohan remember to send her a card from POTUS ?
So I.
Happy birthday FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Yes she is.
Classy of the VP & 2nd Lady 
You are going to Hell if you can’t change your evil ways.
Happy birthday to a beautiful and classy @FLOTUS!
Congratulation, @FLOTUS God bless you you are a great lady,great wife, great human been
Like, the 26th??  Wow, I guess I missed that one!  I hope she had a Great Day!    Happy Birthday, Melania Trump!
She has done very little in comparison to all other First Ladies. Just a fact!
Actually, like her husband......she’s done NOTHING! Besides the real first lady is also the first daughter 

Happy Birthday @FLOTUS 
Yeah happy birthday .. get out of the White House you guys are truly a Disgrace to America .. you have 300,000,000 people in America that hate you and only 32.1 million who don’t .cant wait for November 
Shut up Pence.
Indeed. Happy Birthday! 
Eye candy.
Happy birthday  flotusa
Happy Birthday! I hope you had a great one! May God continue to bless you in all that you do!  @FLOTUS
Happy Birthday 1st Lady ! I hope you had a blessed day lots of happiness and love.
She’s a disgrace like the whole family
Go Melania♡♡♡♡
Total class act, you have a beautiful wife. Go Trump 2020
Wish you a joyful birthday FLOTUS!
Happy Birthday Mrs. Trump!
WOW how do you feel about your boss having intercourse with a porn star and a playboy bunny as his wife was pregnant with Barron.  Shameful behavior.  Send my condolences to Melania for me.  She needs to step up the defense of the bully.
Happy Birthday from the Harris family. We're wishing you all the best life has to offer.
♡♡♡
Yes, To Mrs Trump Happy Birthday with many more to come.
I’m sure she enjoys her nice card and flowers; probably not so much the various stds he’s gifted her with over the years.
You appear to care more than Spanky, which is kind of sad. I'm sure Melania appreciates this, though.
A blessed and happy birthday to our most gracious first lady your class and beauty are infinite thank you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY @FLOTUS !!!! May God bless you with many many more!!!
Agreed. Blessings on you our First Lady.
Happy Birthday to our Beautiful FLOTUS, Melania you are a Class act! 
Yup, class act!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEST FIRST LADY
Yup, the best soft porn star first lady
Happy Birthday to our extraordinary & talented @May you have many more years of good health and great happiness
Oops! Typo! Many blessings, Melania!
Party Hearty @FLOTUS. Good knows you've put up w/a lot of crap fm the Left this past year. Your elegance & gacefullness trumps anything the morons on the Left tries to make-up. God bless you w/many more birthdays.
It amazes me how bitter liberals are that they can twist a simple happy birthday message into the mess displayed here. Isn't there some other thread of substance that you all can go rage at the sky in and leave this to what it was interested for, a birthday well wish? #Liberal
Don’t care about the birthday message. TRUMP AND PENCE SUCK!
I love our First Lady. #LoveHer
She is an awesome and classy First Lady. Proud of her!!!!Happy to call her my First Lady.
Classy!
Great first lady...Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday!



Refreshing to see that @VP and @SecondLady are good friends with a nude model, immigrant, and gold digger! Newly opened minds? Good to grow!
FLOTUS, Happy Birthday. You are doing a great job.
Our First Lady is awesome!
Awesome!


Are you flirting Mike? Don’t worry, we won’t tell mother.
Melania Trump, 65 Years after the end of the Korean War, the Leaders of the North and South Korea sat together for the first time. This historic moment happened on your birthday, and your man made it happen! Happy Birthday!!! #Worldpeace
Happy birthday FLOTUS.  Why haven’t you divorced the sleezebag POTUS your married to yet?
Happy Birthday God Bless
Are you also going to send birthday wishes to Stormy and the other women @POTUS has cheated on Melania with? Just curious.
Yes this military retired couple from Texas joins in wishing FLOTUS a very happy birthday!!
Feliz cumpleanos FLOTUS 
Qué  Dios La Bendiga! !
If you were her true friend ,you’d tell her to get a divorce before she gets a disease#fakefriends
Happy Birthday! 
Happy Birthday @FLOTUS
Its a shame people show so much hate for people they don't even know.... Can't even let someone say Happy Birthday... God forgive them, for the hate they have is eating them alive...
A friend? A model that posed nude,mmmkk
When Pence finds time to tweet this and Trunp doesn’t....
We're so proud of you all. #maga
Get rid of corrupt IRS n fed reserve then i  have faith it what u seek to accomplish. I have hope.
Happy Birthday Melania!
We never had a lovelier First and Second Family! #GodBlessAmerica 
You’re screwing her, aren’t you?
Did you get her a gift?
LOL
Happy Birthday Malania.. God Bless.

I bet there was no money in this Birthday card
I bet she hates you too
Happy b day. Hope you get government bonds or  T bills
Blessed? I’ll bet you have two of her nude layouts under your bed. Jerking off to FLOTUS, what a guy.
For a “public speaker,” you seem a tad bit coarse.  Dignity is supposed to come with age.
Happy birthday to a very special lady! 
Best president ever, a lap dog say oh Happy Birthday
Incredible-that’s a laugh! She says she’s against bullying yet when the students from Oarkksnd were being bullied by adults-she said nothing!  She is worthless unless it involves splashing money!
Happy birthday @FLOTUS
That is more than she got from her husband, who is clearly off his head today.
Incredible???  That’s a stretch...
Yes Happy Birhday, lots of health and love.
until Melania, we had First Ladies with dignity, women we could be proud of.She is a sleazy nude model & illegal immigrant
Did you get her a card like potus?

Happy Birthday @FLOTUS

HAPPY BIRTHDAY, FLOTUS!!!  29 looks incredible on you!!  ;)
Yes she is !
Happy birthday to our beautiful First Lady
Have you seen her naked pics mikey
She IS a lady and I am proud to have her as our First.
??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
May it be Stormy.


Happy BIRTHDAY FLOTUS. we love your kindness and support.
Agree
What time you go on stage?
Yes
Yes indeed, i am sooo proud of our beautiful, smart and kind FLOTUS. HAPPY BIRTHDAY and many more.
Happy Birthday to the Bestest Beautiful FLOTUS !!!!
Happy Birthday and God’s blessings to you!!
No one loves Melanie more than I do. Have you seen her photos from her modeling days on Trump’s plane, Mike? While you were with your wife?
Stop the sanctimonious act. You’re objective is clear: hanging around long enough for Trump to be ousted.
Period. At the cost of your soul.
Mike who?
Incredible? What has she done that’s so incredible?
Does Mother allow you to tweet other women if she's not in the room?

, Happy Birthday you are beautiful! All these nasty tweeters are just jealous of your family, they really need help. (Children)
Happy Birthday @FLOTUS
Flowtuay
25th amendment! The man is unhinged. You’d make make a great potus
Happy Birthday  :) to The FLOTUS !

