We approve
After President Trump ended  government funding for the International Space Station by 2025 — the  station could be turned into space hotels.
Awesome speech!!
Nothing like SpaceX tho
very good job. ty
So do this for ur jo and don thatbproblen tell me how you feeal
To cover all
Sayingforcarrty I just wontet repsting them reches can relly pay for damges
Urvskit ret what don there
So cover it
Uav ufos
Would isvumantamt boom fither self resuce
No point in looking to create more jobs when your adminstration is killing kids left and right. You're killing off your future workforce idiot! That's a bad business plan.
It be abal to ush heafer then any uman
Hahaha
Bild ufo boomer ument thing unanow aricref on uav
Can I get Monica's number please? She still around?
Where are the wage increases and improvements to benefits for hard working Americans?
How about seriously discussing the option of gradually transforming all ~1,000 US bases into launch pads that are open for the private sector ? I mean they could still be used for military options but @torybruno @elonmusk & @JeffBezos could better execute Space Industrialisation.
I think that is already in the works.
Wow! That would be the most exciting news ever!! Just imagine monetizing all these investments into the bases and earning millions of dollars per month with EACH of them by upgrading each airstrip with a handful of launch pads & let the private sector launch multiple times daily!
No visit to SpaceX or Virgin Galactic also?
Another council that will get nothing done.
When Trump gets thrown out of office you realize you will not take over.  Correct?
You should go for a ride in one of those rockets. I hear it is fun.
Good job sir
Billy graham like president trump& vp pence believe in god. You have our vote& support.
What about spaceX,  you know, the company with a actual track record.
CHICKENS COMING HOME TO ROOST
yes please.
كلامك جميل ياعزيزي يبارك الله فيكم ويحفظكم الله
Dear NASA. We all hope you didn't let him touch anything on his visit. 
You understand that all those things are running on science and not prayers, right?
The only reason he cares about rockets is that he’s under the misconception that one day a rocket will take him to his sky daddy.
Too bad the United States isn't serious about space exploration and it will get worse until Trump/Pence are gone from office one way or the other.
your a joke
Do you believe in science ?
#ShutUp
Trump has ordered you and your Christian values far away from the White House - one more woman groped and he may send you to space as to not ruin his grab-ass game.
Maybe they’ll offer to send you and trump up in the next flight, and you’ll forget to come back.
I want you to prove that these liberals are wrong about you! The Plasma Magnet Sail can take any rocket that can get out past the moon into solar wind to 400 km/sec! Jeff Greason figured out a way to slow it down! We can go to mars in a week! Do it! https://www.centauri-dreams.org/2017/12/29/the-plasma-magnet-drive-a-simple-cheap-drive-for-the-solar-system-and-beyond/ …

Whoohoo. What are you doing about gun control?
Good job Mr Chairman
You can watch the next launch from prison!

So are you going to stop defunding NASA orrr.......

Give them a budget the size of the military, see humans expand beyond low earth orbit.
So, does your boss know yet you're doing all this for TV commercials when you run in 2020? Just so you can look presidential?
Hey Mike, you know instead of walking around a manufacturing facility all day, you could've been making your way over to see a rocket actually launching. @SpaceX #FalconHeavy @elonmusk saved you a seat. Not really, you gotta stand like everyone else.
you need to keep your nose out of this & let them be
The only relationship you have with “Space” is the space you’re taking up in our government that could be used to do good. #ImpeachTrumpAndPenceNow
They’re working to send you back from whence you came.
Please shows also the costs of each launcher!
La la la. I'm the VP! Look over there!!
Slithers away
wtf people? Delta IV Heavy has half the payload to orbit as Falcon Heavy... Yet it costs way more than Falcon Heavy...
Wow....you people sure get sidetracked easily.
Take a look at SpaceX too. But don't aspect to receive money (bribe) for publicity (lobby) like in case of @ulalaunch
The blood still hasn't dried and you're trying to distract everyone with sh*t that doesn't matter right now!!!!!!
@VP your nothing but an empty suit that has practically has no impact on anything

You, trump and GOP congress have set US back 50 years in every category. The rest of the world will pass us by as you pray. Nothing that comes out of your mouth is to believed. You people have ruined our country with your racist and fascist beliefs.
#FAKECHRISTIAN #TRUMPPUPPET
for what??
Robotics ?   That’s the future guy.  Not people.   It’s not 1950, an era where you and Donnie boy are still living.
that seems like nuclear weapon look so wonderful OMG sex cuntfriends OMG
항공우주과학은 인류가 지속적으로 발전시키고 투자해야 할 매우 중요한 산업분야입니다. 인류문명의 발전은 새로운 세계를 탐험하고 개척해 나감으로서 이룩할 수 있었습니다. 항공우주분야개척이 인류에게 새로운 도약의 발판을 마련해주기를 바랍니다.
Did you get any good selfies?
Too bad you don't believe in science.
Well if you are not ashamed of god, and you talk to him, ask him in all hr wisdom, wouldn't it be the right thing to do, band high powered rifles
You know that’s science though right?! Thought you weirdos didn’t believe in it?!
You won't find God up there cracker jack 
The Next Frontier...you have got to be kidding?
Maybe you should spent some time listening to the survivors of Parkland shootings!
Newsflash; YOU DON'T BELIEVE IN SCIENCE.
Reminder of how your boss spent $130,000.  Why haven’t you said anything about it up to now?
Did they find your god yet religitard?
Sanction Russia
Ok. But what about securing our schools?  Your tweets have been pretty irrelevant recently.
02/20/2018....Trump aide, Sam Nunberg on @TheBeatWithAri "I am going to be questioned by Mueller's team. I can tell your viewers that @VP Pence and @KellyannePolls lied to America about Russia."
#TrumpRussia
Well sir, I see that you also have a bunch of cry babies following. Never lose sight sir. Keep on keeping on with the awesome job you are doing.
Dude you don't believe in science. Just stop pretending that you care about science, technology or the future.
Fund NASA for monitoring climate change!
I expect American technology and World corporations 
How is the NASA budget???
Any assault weapons in there?
Did god tell you to go there? Or did the Russians, you fraud
It's about time the government has given @blueorigin a look. How many failures has SpaceX had and yet the government keeps giving Musk money!?
But SpaceX has currently the BEST rocket on the market. And Blue Origin. Have they ever delivered anything to the ISS?
How about saving our children back on earth too. #parentsburyingtheirchildren
Surf's up  #MuellerTime
You knew. #Flynn #Traitor #PenceRussia #FiringSquad
#FakeChristian
The 3rd image shows to VP that falcon heavy is less powerfull than Delta IV Heavy and New Glenn (Concept rocket). Are you serious? @elonmusk @SpaceX @Erdayastronaut @SciGuySpace @lorengrush
Fairly certain it's just a size comparison
Strange though. Delta IV Heavy has half the payload of Falcon Heavy and the BO rocket doesn’t exist yet.
Ohhh snappp !!!!!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Ждём Иновации
Good evening sir,
Nobody likes you
You don't believe in science.
Bobby Mueller is coming for you!
Getting your pardon pen ready?
Avoid talking.  Listen and try to learn.
ben  de astronot olmak istiyorum
When will you protect our children from #homegrownkillers? #BanAssaultWeapons
When you send hamsters to mars in a week!

Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so, will he become my new best friend?

Mike you tweet about North Korea 500X but you never tweet about Russian collusion interference meddling destabilizing US democracy. Why?
Are you really a liar?  Really?
Stop grandstanding on our dime ya fraud. You did it at the Colts game, you did it in Korea. Get a clue you moron! May as well stay home if your presence doesnt benifit anything positively and makes us, America, look bad.
Jesus tell you to say that?
Congrats on the only positive thing this stupid administration is doing. Kudos on wanting to take us back to space!

Please apply suction to Elon's phallus. Science denying nerd.
#BibleBangersWorldWide

No congrats for Lindsey vonn, taking home a medal for the usa?
Yea, I bet you are.
Get real. Visit SpaceX
Gov't doesn't own SpaceX.
so, mother let you take a field trip to distract you from the real issues, namely nra based bribes? how nice of her...
Mike, this great.  But your boy 45 makes this presidency of your efforts a non issue.  You need to go help babysit him out of the hot water
And thank you for not being ashamed of Christ in this Great Nation. Peace!
Oh. But you're sure Christ isn't ashamed that the self professed, "Christian", doesn't have a problem with $$$$$ OVER kids LIVES.
Jesus loves you too sister
God bless you Sir, thank you for your Christian Stand in our Executive Branch, it is MUCH APPRECIATED.
17 children from Florida> the right to own an AR15........

1 child> AR15
Nice 
What do you call next frontier? A #TrumpRussia military parade in America? Stop irritating us with your nonsense, solve the gun mass murders
"Surveyed"? Who the hell do you think you are? Queen Victoria? You visited, you were given a tour, you looked at. You're a public servant, not a damn monarch! Read this https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.psychologytoday.com/blog/evolution-the-self/201112/narcissism-why-its-so-rampant-in-politics%3famp#ampshare=https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/evolution-the-self/201112/narcissism-why-its-so-rampant-in-politics …

#PretentiousMoi #Pompous #SelfImportant
Les, you're in the UK.  You have a Muslim invasion, outrageous EPA regs to include carbon taxes, low job growth, you have socialism...... It's a bloody mess dude!

Fix your backyard, don't worry about mine guy.
Bugger off, colonial!
Was Mommy there too?
Can you please just disclose alien life and explain almost all the species are peaceful.
Looks like this time, they're keeping you away from the "Do Not Touch" equipment.
Awesome...our children are dying because you love NRA money.
Do you even know what the VPs job is?
Cool, what are you doing to protect the children from Guns mikey, I mean isn’t that what God would want?
Literally not his job.
Where is the button to like NASA and disapprove of the VP?  He is the worst America has to offer and totally anti science.  Boo
Your staying away from all of the craziness in WDC. Either you are as guilty as the rest or DT just has you out keeping you busy with nonsense?
why go anywhere or even do anything? we're in God's hands so let's   just sit here watching porn and chill, see what he has in store for us????
Do you even realize how irrelevant you are right now? It's embarrassing! I do hope you're self aware enough to know that at least
Men like Mr Pence would appear to have a lower emotional intelligence and engrained ideological mindset which means he cannot see beyond his own values.
In other words, a lier and the truth will lock you up
Sir I was offended by Elon Musk fancy w Tesla payload on a rocket not man-rated in his on going bid for Mars. ULA succeeded w Orion test on an Atlas V rocket cool. Keep at it space is a serious business and lives lost on Apollo 1 and two shuttles.
on that rocket i can fly like the devil closer to god!!!  she will satisfy all of my special needs!!!
#TrumpTrain

@PoliticalPossum
@MONTANANBALLER
@SRJ7
@inxs555
@4uConservatives
@ScottCoop5
@freespiritthre3
@DonnaLovesTrump
@Deborah93830378
@Ceeshell59
@cazam_c
@MattSmith1776
@wowkelliwow
@2bry
@SnowFlakesSuck
@marsha9753
@StarOfDavidArms
@lafferty_alan
What the hell
Fabulous, Mr. Vice President!
.@VP please stop SLS. What a waste. Let NASA do what @blueorigin and @SpaceX don't do as well. @ulalaunch
You know most of them know your god is a fairy-tale right.
RESIGN
Maybe they can send you away
With all my respect. If the President could see the possibilities for a Moon Resort and the great future for humans in space after his getting back to his private life, the space program will be in great shape and I'm looking for spend a week on "TRUMP MOON RESORT "Will be great!

Fuck you, mike !

Lies and deciet
Theres no space travel
