Your husband was praising this man. Among the hundreds of terrible, inhuman things he is responsibl for, he refused, REFUSED, to investigate cases of child sex crimes. but oh, hey, so what, the world is just big pretty photo op to people like you.

It shows great respect and trust for Second Lady Karen Pence to be authorized to show art therapy for the purpose of educating the public of the many healing benefits.  It is specialized therapy, guided by the Welfare and Institutions codes.
Art is guided by the Hand of the Lord
The #JigIsUp. @realDonaldTrump & @VP are scared as hell about being #impeached & then #indicted as a FORMER @POTUS & VP. They should be scared. #WeThePeople, #Congress, #Mueller & #Rosenstein are coming for the sociopathic crook & bigot under the protection of our #Constitution.

IMAGINE THE 
ARROGANCE

THEY CLAIM GOD SPEAKS TO THEM AND TELLS…
I have criticized you repeatedly for only hanging around well funded hospitals etc for your art therapy initiative. A sincere THANK YOU for checking out this kind of program, this was what I was hoping you would do with your platform! You have the power to elevate!
Your husband is a fraud. You don’t stand for ethical and moral standards if you also stand for this criminal:
Reminder: Joe Arpaio once faked an assassination attempt, then framed a man for it — all to win sympathy for his reelection campaign. The innocent man spent 4 years in jail. Taxpayers footed the $1 million settlement. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417?s=21 …

Pence is talking about a convicted criminal who abused his power and flagrantly disregarded a federal court to stop detaining people. That’s the kind of person that Mike Pence, this Trump wannabe, calls a champion of the rule of law. What a disgrace. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417 …
BEAUTIFUL 
YAY! At least someone in the country is doing great work, wish it was coming outa the WH
Mrs. Pence- would you ask Vice President Pence to help my family-Bryce and Maryl Wilks bring their adopted children home from Nigeria? Please intervene and ask the American consulate in Lagos to grant their legally adopted children visas to come home to the US.
Too bad your husband and the GOP would never support ANYTHING to do with ART or THERAPY....unless its the Cruel and inhumane conversion therapy
Nice art programs. I would like to clarify that art made in Therapy session must be kept confidential; it involves profoundly personal complex psychological processing.  Client only authorizes to show art for specific related purpose (ie. Intern training)
Now let's get it paid for by insurance companies...ok?

Breaking News: President Trump reversed his position on a payment to the porn actress Stormy Daniels, confirming that he reimbursed his lawyer for it 
 https://nyti.ms/2Ky6iDl 
Sad!
No matter what you say, no matter what you do, Karen, you and your  husband enable the most immoral, hateful and corrupt among us. You are  complicit. Jesus weeps. There will be a reckoning. #FakeChristians

I like sand. As a medium. Also- clean garbage. Its redemptive

I found a metal rail and made a compound bow piece to express my mind on "swords into plowshares"
Miah Washburn is a Master Seargant and actor on the Tv show "Grim"- USMC in another country. A great guy. With theater, he found something for soldiers. I didn't get to discuss

He is fun! You would enjoy him. Available- IDK. You could see?

- Andy
anche sa da lontano è un esperienza unica grazie sempre della sua testimonianza
honored” to have Joe Arpaio at his event?VP calls a bigoted criminal who tortured inmates a “strong champion of the rule of law”? Even Arizona Republicans know this man undermines the most basic of American values.
You seem to have forgotten the impact  of music therapy on people’s lives.
https://twitter.com/Chi_Curmudgeon/status/991482764695425024 … #JoeArpai Your husband is "honored."
This man put men in 120 degree tents for possession of one joint of marijuana.
Hide your dog, Joe Arpaio burned one alive and YOUR husband is HONORED to have him in his presence !
Your husband is "honored" to be with Joe Arpaio???  Here are some things he has done.  Better hide your dog!  Joe burned one!
ART THERAPY 

Mike Pence is “honored” to have Joe Arpaio at his event? And he calls a bigoted criminal who tortured inmates a “strong champion of the rule of law”? Even Arizona Republicans know this man undermines the most basic of American values. https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/991448021169852417 …

Thank you for being a positive influence on our world, we need all we can take.
God Bless our lovely Second Lady! #MAGA 
I enjoy your Tweets, reading about Art Therapy and the positivity it creates.
That's great Karen, thank you for sharing this.

Are you in favor of congressional term limits?
#DrainTheSwamp
