Why.....the VA continues to let down our veterans. This is eveident by the fact that a veteran dies by suicide every 65 minutes or 22 vets/day. Do something useful!
You gave Obama 8 years. Give this guy some time.
Hi, Karen. What are your thoughts on #NationalWalkoutDay? On school shootings? On civilians having military weapons of mass destruction? Any thoughts? Karen? #ArtTherapy
Come on. This is about therapy for veterans, not a discourse on guns.
Quite considerate
Our economy while protecting our fellow Americans with disabilities.  I have met with extreme success with recovering my son from autism.  I have learned what autism is from immunological, neurological, & environmental level. The solution will become progressively self sufficient
They didn't want to know about PTSD when I was in service. I worked through mine. I found listening to classical music relaxed me.  And while I didn't get to Viet-Nam, I was all over the Caribbean area during time I was stationed on the USNS GITMO.
please continue to support the arts  important to economy and mental health!
Art therapy is wonderful. PTSD is real for Vets. I would also say, it is real for millions of Americans who are being terribly hurt by this trump/pence administration. We wake up everyday to trump denigrating someone else, protecting Putin, & trumps immoral behavior. #PTSD

15 yr old Take A Knee debate essay. 
#stepfordwife
Snowflake
I have a solution to the epidemic of adults with autism aging out of school.  The care and housing for these fragile individuals cost $61 billion in 2014.  That number rose to $268 billion in 2015.  MIT estimates the cost will be in the trillions by 2025.  Please let me help save

Get real.
Your support of "isn't this lovely" and "aren't these therapists so well trained" isn't doing anything constructive. Enjoy your tour of well funded children's hospitals and the very few vets programs doing this well.



Thanks!
Did you talk about privatizing the VA so Republicans don't have to be responsible for fixing their issues & can give the savings to the top 1%?
You libs are always so negative.
If it were only available...If there were anything available....except more pills and clueless counselors who push the pills.
You should see the homeless folks I work with in detox, art absolutely lights them up. Some of them haven't had access in years. Others are accomplished tattoo artists. Rediscovering art is a path to sobriety. Not a popular crowd to be photographed with or name as your charity.
You could do a lot more if you truly cared about expanding access, you have the platform. Now, off to raid my own art supplies at home yet again and cut some coupons so I have at least a small box of colored pencils for my forty patients who want art therapy!
Hi I listened to your interview and remote deliverance of therapy made me think wouldn’t it be great if it was delivered via VR Anyway seems like some version is already in development but if it could include art therapy... happy Saint Patrick’s Day :) p
I’m either behind ,ahead or right on the curve but I just had a thought if some of the work that @SarahMidMO does with #VR to help combat PTSD was used in art therapy sessions online @NEAarts something good could happen ...
Is this where u put ur efforts ??  Art therapy??  When funding for such programs jas been cut by the Repub congress.. Just stay home @SecondLady im sure u could use ur influence in more necessary avenues
Painting HELPS!  Trust me - I have PTSD and it’s one huge way to put your inner self on canvas & relieve stress!
donald trump cut funding to programs that helped HOMELESS vets. the number of homeless vets HAS GROWN under this admin for the 1st time in EIGHT YEARS. stick that in your jesus pipe and smoke it
Paint the gay away?



On 15 March 1948, the communists condemned the great Polish Hero Witold Pilecki to death. Watch a film about this outstanding man!
This man volunteered to go into German Nazi Camp…
Awareness is great, but I've noticed no funds being set aside to help our veterans.
Karen what you doing for vets is terrific. I’m just wondering how you and mike, being solid Christians can continually overlook trumps moral behavior. Why you assume he never did anything wrong is mind blowing. the way he attacks and mocks people? I can’t believe you support it
This is not the proper forum for your discourse.
We can’t really hear a word you say; it is all drowned out by the fact you stand with and support a proven liar, cheater and sexual assaulter in the White House.
7 more years and Trump will be gone. Just 7 more years.
Indiana is so.proud of you @SecondLady
As your hubby cuts their funding
Art Therapy sure helps!
What a great 2 lady!! 
Nobody cares to address the fact that combat is not the only reason for service connected PTSD. Why?!?

You know who suffers from PTSD? Kids who are shot at school.
Im thankful for this therapy..though sometimes it hurt. Getting better with Thankyou
Art Therapy helps with anxiety, calms the heart rate and helps with mind focus.
Maybe as you want to help vets use the money that is going to be wasted on Trumps parade





Thank you!!! This is great!
OUR VETERANS ARE OUR COUNTRY IF THEY DIDN'T FIGHT FOR OUR COUNTRY WE WOULDN'T HAVE ONE !!! :-)
@VP you are a first class couple in every way. Thank you for serving as role models of a Christian family in today’s crazy world
You are Blessed ,Thanks for supporting Art Therapy .
How about asking mikey and trump to spend the millions on the veterans, they want to spend on the stupid wall and stupid parade!!
The wall just got 10 feet taller. Hope it hurts. MAGA
"Grab them by the pussy" is my favorite Christian saying. Yours, Mother?
My best video is that of the November night screaming and liberal tears when Hillary lost. What's yours libtard?
You need to roll a magazine up and call Stormy Daniels for tips.  That Christian boy has gone to the devil. You need to spank the Trump outta him.
Art therapy is liberal nonsense. Next you’ll be promoting yoga. Please stop
AWESOMENESS 
You are NOT SECOND! YOUR ARE First RATE! Don't LET NO MAN TELL U OTHERWISE! #MAGA Your HUSBAND MAY NEED GLASSES. (squints) just saying.  #VetsForGunReform
Do you think art therapy would help kids who are victims of gun violence at school? Think @BetsyDeVosED can score some vouchers for that?
This!!!!
MERCI Ma Fille Spirituel Karen Pence? Je Te REMERCIE Infiniment, DIEU Soutienne... et Te Comble De Tout Ces GRÂCES AMEN!!!

In one of my #MST #PTSD therapy groups, we found out that all 10 of us had better results with #ArtTherapy when it came to showing our darkest internal thoughts and fears without judgment. It’s too bad that there aren’t enough #VSO claims reps that will help us during these times

They need more than art and I am a supporter of art therapy. But, the homeless vet, the disabled vet etc could care less.
I disagree… When you are disabled, you sometimes are not able to find the right words - where as art therapy helps to express the inner conflict without judgment
Did @flotus participate did you #grabthembythepussy
Glad to see Karen supporting a good cause finally!
Hey Pence, what is the proper PU$$Y GRABBING PROTOCOL in the White House these days? 
If you do it "IN JESUS NAME" does that make it CHRISTIAN and NOT A SIN?
Just 7 more years bro, this will all be over. 7 short years more. Keep calm.
Thank you for the info. In that brief moment I learned a lot
@SecondLady 
It must be quite inspiring to have been there. 

Wow... you are phenomenal. 
Blessings and love today 
where is your husband stand on the president on his fifty language and his cheating and lying..he needed a apology from JOY BEHAR ,but not the http://president.Is  he a hypocrite?
Thank you for all you do to encourage our veterans. 
Thankyou. That's being a role model. Putting in for something with no expectations.
You are the best @SecondLady !
Kind of like the Libs trying to unseat an elected president by phony made up lying dossier?

Or putting illegal immigrants interests above American citizens??    got it!
