Thank you first Lady, your amazing! 
Your illiteracy speaks volumes.
Tell your husband.
Didn't see your beloved 44th visiting victims in the hospitals. And, there were plenty. So, STOP with you bull and appreciate we finally have a president and first lady who actually care about you and me.
He did visit with them...let me guess...msm didn't cover it therefore you have no idea what is really going on in the world around you.  Research before you speak.
I did the research for him. He’s full of shit.
Trump did not allow cameras in...research a little more.

Exactly not in the room with the victims...
At some point you’re going to have to accept trump conned you w/the help of Russia.
Trump visits victims of the Parkland school shooting in the hospital
http://ti.me/2Exoutu 
You are such a beautiful person @FLOTUS inside and out!!!! We appreciate and love you and your support for @POTUS in #MAGA!! .
Beautiful!!
Thank You FLOTUS. There are millions of us who realize how special you really are. Have a great weekend.
It starts at home.

Maybe start with your husband
I feel for you...I do.  But these tweets are so shallow because of your husband's inability to care about people and act in good faith.  Sorry you won't be able to be an effective First Lady because of him.
Really? Does that apply to your husband who is an adulterer, how does he show kindness to your son? Did he show kindness to the survivors and family of Pakrland? Sit down and STFU
Why don't you teach your Husband 
Just encourage your husband and we will be alright.
Your random act could be convincing your husband to resign.
Resist what. Trump is trying to ensure we stay free.
He can barely keep himself “free”! Nice try though.
I thought Russia owned him.
Do you not understand how photoshop works? Also - Jesus.
Look where that got you or your son. #stormydaniels #KarenMcDougal  

A reminder your huz-band @realDonaldTrump "kindly" signed a bill allowing mentally ill people to buy guns more easily. 

Perhaps you should start by teaching him real kindness. Good luck with that.
This woman is pure Gold!!
Stormy agrees! 
Sorry your going thru this humiliation. A lot of people are rooting for you. Stay strong 
Tell your husband to do the same
Good job the other day giving @realDonaldTrump the silent treatment. It looks like he's addicted to porn stars you can do better, I think it time for a tell all book

#ImpeachTrump
#StormyDaniels
Kindness.
Paid for by our tax dollars.
All First Ladies have made visits. What is your point. This is great. Thoughtful.
Remember when you pushed the birther conspiracy theory, you opportunistic trash-lady?
you mean the one that hillary started when she was running against obama in 2008 ?
Hahaha. Nobody believes that
You mean that Hillary started it or that @BarackObama is a gay muslim from Kenya? Both are true
Prove it.
Prove otherwise
I know that my life is much better than it was under the gay muslim wannabe dictator that you were so proud of
Can you take the phone away from your husband so he can’t Tweet hateful BS? Thx!
Melania...I feel sorry for you !!! People react very badly and you are just trying to be nice ....They mixed up everything without having a look at themself !!  Thank you for being kind to people anyway !!! I admire you !!
FLOTUS... you are the perfect example of kindness...Love Love Love...Your Beautiful Heart!
Tell that to your husband.
I applaud you for recognizing the abject hypocrisy of everything you post, but pushing through anyway.
18 school shootings since Jan. 1st...by the same generation that eats laundry detergent...and you wanna say we have a gun problem.
Is this a joke? Your husband and Dotard Jr are nasty bullies! He shoulder slammed you just yesterday and you still publicly support him! Good example for our children?
Kids need to take care of one another. Their government won't even try.
You are right and sadly the left and MSM are teaching our youth how to hate 24/7.
...BITCH PLEASE!
I agree. The world is full of hate
I hope you’re trolling your husband with this tweet...
Talk about poor timing. How about #RandomActofDeportingyourBirtherassalongwithyourChainMigrationfamily. A mouthful but most fitting.
Teach your husband!
Riley is still acting like a baby. Someone change his diaper already.
17 people died. It’s not being a baby. That’s messed up.
His language tells me he is a baby. A maniac killed those poor souls. I continue to pray for them and their families.
With his bare hands (and also an ok from state of Florida to buy his rapid fire killing machine)
A gun doesn't kill by itself.  Too bad you refuse to see that.
Nukes don’t kill by themselves either. Should they be legal for people to have? Nukes don’t kill people, people kill people??
Sure, sign me up. I'll take two. Good grief. This is like talking to children.
Please your urgent att is needed. Some people suffers right now  for exposing corruption&barbaric cruelty in PALMVALLEY SHELTER-TEXAS  Not only American citizens begging authorities&media to help but  whole world do Pls find  some evidences under link  https://www.facebook.com/DoodleRockRescue/videos/1203490053020789/ …
People who exposed this secret receive threats It is vital to guarantee those people and the abused animals  safe place in big GREAT America pls Madam,social media fuming with this story yet authorities in USA ignore citizens voicesTHERE IS NO KINDNESS https://www.facebook.com/DoodleRockRescue/videos/1203490053020789/ …

PLEASE PLEASE CALL REP JOE STRAUS!
Thank you for your message. I or someone from my office will respond  to you as soon as possible. Please also  contact my district  office by phone at 210-828-4411…
What  you thinking about you go to put up with Trump for 7 more years I love it
Hello Sergei the troll - you need to work on your English.  I can’t even decipher your gibberish.  Spasibo!
That's exactly why I do it that way
Please ..... quítale el phone a Donald para que deje de escribir pendejadas
WTAF? One child is in custody after shooting 17 dead in school.
They need us to take care of them, not leave them to take care of each other!
This is a cry for help, send in the hostage negotiators.
Don’t tell us, tell Donald, who would rather insult people than help
In Donny Two-Chin’s defense, he was pretty kind to Stormy and Karen...
For stormy $130,000 kind, and for Karen, she couldn’t stand him. Don’t blame her. Who’d want tump’s ample bottom on them?  Gag, puke. Ugh
Gross
You are an amazing person Melania, thank you for encouraging this!
She is an illegal immigrant & so are her parents...
Your point??
This is a joke right?
This type of insensitive and out-of-touch response is what I’ve come to expect from this ENTIRE Administration! Sad...
Generic hate response is what I expect from whiners! Same o Same o...
Who’s whining???
Maybe you should change your expectation or look for another country to live. This is Capitalism and Democracy not no your everyday Clinton ism!!!
Your hostility really makes me laugh! Are people not supposed to criticize an asshole move by someone who should know better??? Now We should leave the country? Knuckleheads the lot of ya
Don’t be too hard on “Bill” He’s just mad BMcElwee0101 was taken.
No doubt! He just another clown masquerading as an informed individual. They are a dime a dozen, right?
nice my dear

Its an honor to have a 1st&2nd lady in the w.h. who cares so much for our childen and there well being. Good luck to u both in all your endeavors!
Dear Melania: End the humiliation. Divorce the cheating loser. American women will have your back.
Melania has done nothing to deserve all the HATE from you libs
You can’t hate victims
She lives in a golden cage. She is there because she loves his money and his power. If money was not an object...she would be gone.

Why don’t you teach that vile husband of yours about kindness? He never heard of it.
Could you tell your husband?
Melania, thank you for being a good moral, classy. an intelligent lady who walks and talks as if all the mean people to you do not matter because they do not!!!  I love you and am proud you are the first lady to the GREATEST PRESIDENT EVER!!!  Behind you guys all the way.
Thank you Melania!  and I must say its so refreshing to see grace and beauty back in the white house that has been unmatched since Jacqueline Kennedy.  Its truly a blessing!
@realDonaldTrump
She did look graceful when she was showing her ass and everything else 
I agree with your comment, but Yolanda, no followers? Really, perhaps you should examine yourself and make sure you’re not a Bot! 
I followed her.
Beautiful First Lady, I agree. If anyone has anything to say, say it with kindness.
The playboy model and the pornstar performed some "random acts of kindness" on "widdle donnie". There's a DVD. You might be able to see a preview tonight on 60 minutes. You should watch with Barron.
We are extremely proud to have you FLOTUS. Praying for your family dear lady.
Lol. Yeah, you really have given him a great roll model.
I encourage you to talk w/your cheating #AlternativeFacts spewing husband about treating people of different colors, sizes, races, ethnic backgrounds & sexual orientations w/respect & test the power of #kindness. It's a chance to teach him #GunsKillPeople & NOT to take #NRA
17 were killed with hate.  Ricky can't you let yours go for one day?
April 16, 2017, 19 deaths 26 injured Obama years.Most killed 21st century April 16, 2007, 33 dead 23 injured Virginia Teck. I don't think you can pin this on @POTUS
Goes to show how much you know about politics just because you are president you don't just wave a magic wand.
That is true. Thus why the house & senate have to approve it.
Guess what..... BOTH are controlled by the Republicans.
If he were to put forth a bill on Gun Reform, it would pass.Senate handily. It more than likely would pass the House, too.
The #NRA would never let that happen
Below shows the difference between the  power of kindness and compassion after a deadly school shooting vs a photo op before a party after a deadly school shooting.
Keep your good walk with Jesus!
Hope for Jesus Second Coming!
God bless christians!
#Hypocrite..yes, God bless Christians as they preach and practice hatred.
Christians are only capable of Love for God and Jesus!  Second greatest command is to love our neighbors!
I pray that you will read the Hebrew HOLY BIBLE written by Hebrew men inspired by God!  Including the Bible New Testament book of Revelation!
Take care! Connie Wells
Bless you!!
Not to mention husbands!
Yes, kindness starts at home, unfortunately, no kindness in your home.
Divorce his ass and be set free from this constant humiliation! Money isn't everything! Respect yourself
I wanna fucking die.
How about teaching your racist husband about compassion not the phony act he puts on in front of the cameras
Charity begins at home and your home is festering pit of cruelty. Like you and and your hubby are going to rot in hell
Run Melanie run run and save you and Baron you are wedded to a sec Addict after you just had baby he is sick
"And for every hateful action inspired by the heinous little man, there were thousands — upon thousands — of random acts of kindness." My words exactly!

Try to get that idea to your husband. Liar,  cheat and evil seems to be his basic values system
SAVE YOURSELF! RUN!
@FLOTUS - although @POTUS has questionable ideas of kindness, I believe you are a kind and strong woman who undeniably loves her son.  Thank you for setting a good example for others
Other than spreading birther lies and standing beside a man who attacks people every day, but I guess I have a different definition of kindness.
Try getting that through to your husband Lady!!!
Could the Trumps kindly leave office so we can have a good country again?
WHAT A JOKE YOU ARE TOO..YOU CAN'T EVEN GET YOUR HUSBAND TO BE KIND...LOL...THE BIGGEST, RUDEST, UNCOUTH BULLY IN THIS COUNTRY IS IN YOUR BED.....AND GOOD TO SEE THE KARMA OF THE PORN QUEEN AND THE PLAYMATE COME BACK AROUND...ANY WOMAN THAT HAS AN AFFAIR WITH A MARRIED MAN ..WELL
Oh my!  The jokes just write themselves here. You shouldn't have tweeted this.
Wow, that’s 2 that you know of. How many more? Any current ones? How embarrassing.
I will stay off Twitter, and take a day off from making fun of liberals since you asked nicely.
I am afraid that it will be seen as a means of imitating the act. It can be costly and disruptive in the military training period for years, and it will have a lot of conflicts! It appears to be a tough, solid and robust event that demonstrates the world's most advanced military
Keep that fool of a husband you have off Twitter and we will be fine. Kindness starts at home.
YOU are aware your husband is using you as a human shield right? You think he's dragging you everywhere and putting you in front of himself as an act of kindness? HUMAN SHIELD dear melania, your husband is the target but now YOU ARE. . . cause he's so kind
You really are completely clueless, aren’t you?!
You #Haters are so sad and predictable!  You are #Miserables !#sad
I encourage you to take a kind action for yourself, and divorce that man.   He is not worth your sacrifice. A majority of America will understand.
I agree - but you need to start in your home with your husband.  His actions are all over the news for our kids to see.
It is kind when a husband doesn't cheat on his wife.
Fingi fò iuta fò LGBT go ok Los fò LG Hong HP ossa sax CH HD gas ci lv l'ho oltre jr tuo iuta fò PG jr ho la fax CH HD thè go lvhobby ho PN PD user fii iuta toh bar tu usa top oh oggi up l'ex xi HD guru ti iv HPon Los hobby ti usa tuo pigli ti usa tuo office tra oh iole et dv go
Thank you  Pres. Trump and Melanie doing a good job 
Thank-you for stepping-up and encouraging everyone to be kind to one another.  It's the Golden Rule, and has proven to be the right thing to do for centuries.  Those naysayers are pathetic, and probably have no idea what a "random act of kindness" even is...it's not in their DNA.
Just wondering who will teach it to your husband, a married man using hookers ,I feel for you, now is the time to break free, he committed adultery divorce him and hit him where it hurts his wallet! Take him for all he is worth! You must be so humiliated, be strong!

Florida school shooting survivor calls Melania Trump a coward https://susanorji.blog/2018/02/25/florida-school-shooting-survivor-calls-melania-trump-a-coward/ … via @suzdick
Teach within your own family first.

NEW “I LOVE AMERICA” CHILDRENS E-BOOK NOW AVAILABLE ON AMAZON KINDLE! 
https://www.amazon.com/America-Childrens-Rhyming-Bedtime-Beginner-ebook/dp/B079SZCV22/ref=sr_1_4?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1519150590&sr=1-4&keywords=Emily+Hopkins … 
I encourage you to urge your husband to work on meaningful gun legislation. Now THAT would be an act of kindness!
We are praying your strength. Yours not your burden.
Will your husband be taking the class.
FLOTUS Nice gesture.
Visiting survivors of Parkland shooting.
Ok this is very nice of you to say, but your husband is a giant cyber bully and public figure. He bashes people online daily.  He needs to learn a lesson on kindness. If you can help him that would be great.
Pfffftttt....You need to have a long talk with your husband and step son.
Will your family be able to join in?  Maybe take a few days off from "The Art of Bullying"!!!
Look inward, dear lady. @realDonaldTrump is your biggest target. He’s the guy that ostensibly sleeps with you in the WH. I’m sure you can find him down the hall in front of the tv tweeting threats and nonsense, eating burgers.
Just stop. You and your words are meaningless.
@FLOTUS  you are by far in all of history the worst first lady.  Like your husband @realDonaldTrump  is the WORST & illegal President.
Starting with @realDonaldTrump?
Yes.  Run, Melania....run!
I was once stuck somewhere were it not for the generosity of someone I wont mention I guess I wouldent be here and I keep up doing the same
Trump Joins Mar-a-Lago Disco Party After Visiting Survivors Of School Shooting https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-joins-mar-lago-disco-034437643.html?soc_src=hl-viewer&soc_trk=tw … via @YahooNews
You have nothing on him, Obama went golfing after a massacre and NOBODY said anything bad against him. I think it should be both ways or say nothing at all.
Unable to Golf, Trump Unwinds by Attacking Oprah http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2018/02/unable-to-golf-trump-unwinds-by-attacking-oprah.html …?
Melania, We all hope you escape your circumstances (the hairball).
Everybody, except the hairball, deserves a second chance.
And I think you are hot so call me.
That lady must look and listen to some of these comments and wonder if her husband is out of his mind for caring and putting his family through all of this cr- p 
Just to help so many people that are so lost in darkness it's really sad .THANK YOU FIRST LADY AND YOURS
Hi @FLOTUS ask your husband to try and be kind. Just once. We know he is kind to Ivanka but how about other people in general - like humanity
Where is your voice against your husband? Trump’s rhetorics have caused the death of many Americans. I will not forget them including Charlottesville, Portland, NYC, etc. This President gives voice to the darkest human sentiments and enables hate crimes. Melania, u are complicit.
Thank you so much for the love and kindness you have extended to American citizens. I’m so sorry you have to experience such cruel and fake accusations. I love having you and President Trump in the White House
#tears...
Your husband has done the opposite of everything you have ever said. Poor role model. U are his doormat. So sad!
Maybe you should let @realDonaldTrump know he should try it!
You should start in your own home
#TrumpColluded
Do us all a favor and talk your husband into resigning.
Start by getting Don Jr. to stop liking white supremacist tweets & spreading lies. Hate groups are now targeting, yes it's cyber bullying, Parkland victims & their families because of Don Jr. spreading conspiracy theory lies. DO SOMETHING!
Comeon @MELANIATRUMP Stand up to the bullies?  Like you said you would.  I'm so disappointed in you!  I knew you couldn't do it.  It's like everything else... you only exist because of @realDonaldTrump AND you only do what @realDonaldTrump tell you to do.

You have no voice
This is a joke, right??
Amen...thank you!
Who writes your Shit??? She doesn't even care about the country or it's ppl. Her actions prove it.
I agree...it starts at home and schools!  High School & College
students have a great deal of peer pressure...young adults should be sharing with others what was taught at home and/or at school.  All students have the same opportunity with how to encourage & love one another!
Muy buen consejo. Saludos desde El Salvador
You still with admitted sexual abuser POTUS?  How sad for you and Barron.  Wake up mom!!
Start by telling  your husband
I don't believe @realDonaldTrump retweeted this. Hmmm, I don't think he understands your broken English? Sorry @FLOTUS for being rude, but but but you married that disgrace of a human being. Makes me think you are not as honest and honorable as you appear.
Kindness.. You can tell Donald to be kinder to everyone..  No one in the us or the world want their kids to look at him as a role model..  He acts more like a 5th grade bully
All the haters... just get on board. !!!
I am sure you are a lovely person @FLOTUS but unfortunately there is so much irony in your tweet.  Too bad your husband cannot learn by your example.
OMG!!!
Yes. Mrs. First Lady.
You husband is going to be indicted. You're free!!!  Congratulations 
President Trump's policies are the reversing President Obama's and look who has a far better economy? Thank you again for the 100th time President Trump.
Kind of like your monster son in law who cyber bullies Lauren?
Holding our breath for your husband to show a random act of kindness.  Not in his DNA.  Congratulations, you are married to the most hated repulsive man in America. Well done.
Spectrum of Mrs Trump:

-Says that we need to show kindness

-Allows step-son to attack survivors of a school shooting
The porn star Trump allegedly paid off said Trump told her she was 'just like his daughter' http://read.bi/2Dh6tPH  via @PoliticsInsider #PresidentsDay2018
Yes, it is very important, but not for just one day, but every day.
I do it occasionally FLOTUS
Start with your husband.
Start at home, esp with Don Jr and his despicable behavior towards Parkland victims, shameful is far too weak a term for his behavior
Love you, but maybe teach your cheating husband about acts of kindness before you preach it to the rest of us.
You must be in total denial right?
Could you please maybe help us jump start it by convincing #POTUS to delete his twitter account. He spends more time setting an example of poor behavior than anything...
God bless you and God bless America 
@FLOTUS I hope your relationship with @realdonaldtrump did not change after the media said you have rift relationship with him.
Perhaps you should have a word with your husband. He’s a prime example of a human with no empathy compassion or decency.
How come Donald doesn’t take care of you or American people ?

Thank you Melania for such a good compassionate heart. Your husband President Donald has the most compassion of any President we have ever had in office. He is doing a fantastic job.
Are you on drugs? He has no compassion for anyone. He cheated on his wife just after she gave birth. He is a bully. He is greedy and cares only about himself and money.
For sure
Is this the extent of your ANTIBULLYINGPROGRAM ??

Please, your voice on the issue of kindness has no merit so long as your husband is allowed to rant and bully people online almost daily. Spreading kindness, like most things, should start at home before you preach to others.
It starts at home.
Let's stop the bullying.  I am sure you have experienced it yourself from the person you are married to. It's apparent to the world:
You are so full of grace.
Would be good to tell this to Mr. @realDonaldTrump
