Don’t assume it was the Lord of light!
That comment is evil!
Anyone that buys jet planes mansions & TV stations with “daily donations” Instead of serving the poor, as Jesus instructed are #snake oil salesmen
God have mercy on your soul 
What God? What God kills Children What God let’s the poor go hungry When will God stop these wars #I knew God was dead when they elected @realDonaldTrump #bible stories R fixation of man! #pass theplate!  BTWI’m #Roman Catholic by birth See I didn’t even have a choice
God have mercy on your soul .... praying for you
Thanks but I think the @SenateGOP  need itvmore!

I’m really wondering the surprise on his face if he got to Heaven and found out that Jesus was black!
I would think that a REAL follower of Christ would never question this.
I will personally pray for you to rid that CHIP off your shoulder. SAD!
I preformed a funeral for a young Christian woman on the day Billy passed on , her daugther wanted a celebration for her because she had went home , for us that are Christian's its only the beginning,  not only did she see Jesus ,she got to see Billy Graham  and millons of others

Millions of us looking forward to that time ourselves.
Please have your ventromedial prefrontal cortex scanned for lesions. I suspect they are present and the cause of your fundamentalist condition.
Amen. Amen.


Mike,
Why did Don's lawyer pay Stormy $130k & Karen $150k in return for confidentiality agreement regarding his alleged sexual antics? When responding could you also tell us at what stage Don's tax returns are? You need to know Don gave to Ceasar as he gave to Karen & Stormy.
Amen.
The only thing I could agree with Franklin Graham about. His father was a good man ... Franklin’s mother would be horrified at his behavior.
What a beautiful message. Let us rejoice in his life everlasting.
Amen sir

  WE FOUND The 60
Minutes Interview George
Soros Tried To Bury  
George Soros has no soul! Makes me wonder if evil is actually born & not learned.
Soros is better than graham
OMGosh!! Dan! So sorry you feel that way.
He turned into church business
Billy Graham was a true man of God for generations. When did you EVER hear a scandal about him? Some TV preachers I agree with you like Benny Hinn. Soros spews hatred! Very evil man.
Did Jesus save any aborted fetuses today?  Yeah, I didn’t think so either. But don’t be sad, Zeus didn’t save any either.  Maybe they were just too busy stopping gun violence or feeding starving children.
We have free will. That is where the evil comes in. Those Doctors & pregnant women killed their babies. They will answer for it some day. Not in this world. Again no need for name calling.
I disagree. A false Christ and a false prophet he was
Why is that? Can u see his heart?
Are those anti-Semitic jokes going to be brought up by God, and how about the war mongering with Nixon and his war criminal buddy Kissinger? Well done, Billy?
I celebrate no man's death, but the world is a better place with one less loud-mouthed bigot in the world
Christianophobic much?
"I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians.  Your Christians are so unlike your Christ."

Jesus was a liberal Socialist who preached love for all of god's creations.  

Billy Graham preached hatred for gays.  He was no Christian
U do not like Christians makes u christianophobic. If u knew the teachings of Christ u would more understand the Christian stance on homosexuality. Would u favor the Muslim stance of hanging them from bridges and dragging their dead bodies thru the streets?
I know the teachings of Christ well enough to know that his teachings have been perverted by right wing extremists to preach hate.

It's the same as what right wing Muslim extremists do to get people to commit horrible acts.
U should change ur name to Christian Hater
I’m sorry but I don’t know any Christians that hate all the people u say they hate. They even love people like u that hate Christians. U prob aren’t hanging out with real “Christ like” people. I find that kind of discouraging.
Amen
We will miss Him so much, but I’m so glad to know He’s with the Lord! He will always be an inspiration to millions of us. Lookin’ forward to seein’ Him again!
Billy Graham was great , god bless,RIP
That needle's eye must have been YUGE!!
Amen 
Pharisee.

Amen to your words

Mr. Pence... U are hippocrit mindless perversion of our laws of separation of church and state. Stop preaching your views on your government salary. I have no bias against the Graham family, but I just do feel strongly against you and your fanatic views.
Just the thought of "stepping into Heaven" and there stands our Lord Jesus to greet you thrills me beyond words!!
"He [God] will wipe out tears from every eye" (Revelation 7:17) Amen.
Democrats are making us to bz while they are focus on moving illigals to re state. Alabama was taken over we need a voter i.d retwit this or share we need to ask congress for a voter i.d
All negative comments to our VP account are coming from communist puppets ! USA citizens push back from the hate that is spewing to divide our nation! Respect our VP and his family
Awwww He is walking with Christ for sure! Luv our VPTrumpPence 2020Mike Pence 2024

Each of us, in our way, wherever we are...step up and strive to be like...”Billy Graham.”
So grateful to have men in the @WhiteHouse who recognize the worth of this man of God. https://hisownheartblog.blogspot.com/2018/02/integrity-sidepath-logistics-of-lent.html …
Watched via FOX News and it was a beautiful service and very moving.  Praise the Lord that for those who know the Lord Jesus Christ as their Savior we will meet Jesus face to face.
You are a danger to the constitution.
You don't respect the separation of church and state
Ya had me until you brought his half wit son into it.

It was good to see you and president Trump there... thank you both for taking the time to honor Billy Graham and America...
.Dear vice presdent mike..were agrement peace??????!!!!world wait usa
If there is such a place as your heaven, I wouldn't expect to hear the same words when you get there. You will hear "I was hungry & you didn't feed me; I was naked & you didn't cloth me; I was sick & you let me die". 
Instead of judging others make sure you are right with God
You are an inspiration to me Mr. Vice President Mike Pence!!
We must have you as president. Like what we have with u & Pres Trump. Constitutional & Godly
REVEREMD GRAHAM WAS. ONE OF THE VERY FEW PREACHERS I LISTENED. TO AND WATCHED GROWING UP. WILL MISS HIM
Well that's one man opinion, I was not inspired nor I understood his back and forward religious presentations, but I was inspired by president Reagan, TRUMP, to pledge FOR OUR COUNTRY UNDER GOD. did you ever heard from Graham.
Yes I agree he can ONLY imagine what it was like for his father to step into heaven. Realize that God did not give exceptions when he said Love thy neighbor. An eternity in hell is big price to pay for ignoring Jesus. I fear pence and Frank will meet Billy again in the fire.
To God be the Glory! Beautiful service, beautiful message of salvation. Rest in peace Reverend Graham.
Well said!
Thank God for Christian leaders in this country. Rev. Graham will be missed but not forgotten  We know that all is well with his soul and now is a time of rejoicing for him...
His soul is not where you think it is...trust me on that 
Billy Graham scammed the poor.
Hey vice president Pence do you think when you step for God that he's going to say Well done good and faithful servant after all the judging you've done the killing you've done with your mouth words and taking away Healthcare and Planned Parenthood and being judgemental do you
Do you think you’ll get the same welcome 
Judging from his actions, Jesus had to be a Dem.
Quit already with the obsession with his death. Too bad you don’t care this much about the Parkland victims.
....and you won't need your $25,000,000 here.
Please! Save your hypocrisy for another day!
Awesome...very inspiring
Am
What an awesome and inspiring thought, VP Pence!
God bless you Mr. Vice President. Please protect us all. Rest in Heaven Billy Graham
Amen
So busy blathering about that charlatan and scammer, while you are awaiting indictment.
Stop with your phony Christian.

Which the Lord Jesus Christ won’t say about him.
Did Jesus use an automatic weapon to spread the message?
Amen!
Christianity sometimes gets accused of racism, sexism, and religious discrimination. Not love, forgiveness, and tolerance.
y'all some followers of a book, you have never met that so called man of god!!!! Hey Santa Clause is coming so is the Tooth Fairy Easter Bunny!!!!!
Resign
Was it really appropriate for Mother to wear a mini skirt? I did think her little pudgy legs were cute though, kind of like an Oompa Loompa in black.
We see you and the Trump are hanging in there together, awwwwe
He will be  missed, he visited Hackney and preached in Victoria Park few years ago. We all enjoyed his ministry.
Thank you Jesus for giving us this great country and thank you for those who have served either political, ministry, or secular.

How were the Parkland funerals?
That putz is currently burning in hell
Thank you for putting the Lord first Sir.  We need leaders who have integrity and character and faith.  And our country so desperately needs an awakening. Praying for you all.
Too bad he had to leave his $25 million estate behind. It’s amazing how wealthy some can get following Jesus’s directive to serve the poor.
Thank you vice president Pence for helping the president bring Christian values back to the White House!
Yup
Or Allah saying ‘You’re so fucked buddy’
Separation of church and state much?
Lmfao, good riddance...
Amen
Yikes ! You think he steps in? Just like that?
" I can only imagine"  Matthew 19:24 
Why do we mourn if our dear beloved ones die if they are going to a better place?? Why not take them and put them high on a mountain so that the journey to heaven becomes shorter other than burying them 6 feet deep? Let us love God and his truth
So the popular belief is if someone dies they go to heaven?? I wonder how many people believe what they are told and not what is the truth. When one dies their body becomes dust and they loose their ability to breath that's what the creator of human beings said...
When Jesus died he said he committed his spirit into God’s hands/Paul said to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.  We are made up of mind, soul and Spirit.  Our Spirit is eternal/eternally with God or eternally separated from Him/we decide
Peopl e who support Donald Trump does not step into heaven
Where do you find that in scripture?
He’s a grifter, just like Donnie-boy.
Yeah, well Jesus built my hot rod and Graham  drove it straight up into the sky.
Faithful servants never retire,they can retire from their career.But they will never retire from serving god.
Prayers for the family.
Amen
Ooh yes 
Good morning
               
          
                    
               

Good weekend!
                         
               
          
          
1. Denied his daughter the right to higher education 
2. Said AIDS was judgement from God
3. Numerous anti Semitic remarks on tape with Nixon
4. A devout misogynist beyond its era
5. Leads a nation into a pit of unicorn  delusions.

And national hero ???
Praising God for Billy Graham’s Life
My Heart Is With Your Family Franklin 
Me too!

I'm pretty sure that's not how it went, but, follow right along, there's plenty of room in the pit of Sheol for those who use Christ's name to make themselves rich.
The first thing “the Reverend” will say is “Thank you for the mumps that miraculously kept me out of World War 2. I was better off laying around a bible college in the mid-west and marrying my childhood sweetheart than fighting and dying with my peers in Europe and the Pacific.”
You are such a hypocrit! Gag me! 
Who did he leave his $25,000,000 to? The poor?
His Family to continue the Outreach for people in need in times of crisis...Samaritans Purse goes everywhere to help.....
Your silence is both complicit and treasonous. Your country is under cyber attack, your boss is clearly a traitor and you remain safe and quiet; an opportunistic Gollum waiting to take the undeserved price. Shame on you Sr.
Billy Graham was a true Christian.  Franklin Graham is an embarrassment.  You are just evil.
God Bless his soul!!!
Will you be running for president?  Hopefully....
Blah blah blah.   Deeds not words
What a beautiful statement. I'm Rev Graham was thrilled.
That preaching by @AGLotz though! Wow! I saw a glimpse of Rev. Graham’s fire and passion. I know he is proud. #toGodbetheglory
It try was a beautiful tribute to a wonderful Man of God He was a vessel God chose to bring millions to His precious, victorious Son Jesus Well done good and faithful servant
AMEN..!!!!!!!!!!!
How many funerals did you attend for the Parkland kids?
Imagine all the thousands of souls he saved who also welcomed him to Heaven.
Something we as believers all aspire to.
Nice that you believe all that craz shit!
Unfortunately for @Franklin_Graham he will be going in the opposite direction his father did. Reverend Billy Graham truly did Gods work. @VP & Franklin will be roommates.
Amen amen
Beautiful Service
Thank you for being there to honor Rev. Billy Graham! So glad to call you a brother in Jesus Christ, Mr. Pence!
If anyone deserves the Praise of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, it would be Billy Graham. One of God's and our Lord's most faithful servants
#Imagine !!!
What a load of cr*p. By the way have you heard about the separation of church and state?
May he Rest in Peace in the Love of God Our Father.
Ironically I’ve got a bit of a man crush on Mike Pence
I too want the same welcome in Heaven....I surrender ALL to HIM 
No such thing as heaven. Get an education and stop believing in fairy tales.
BILLY GRAHAM, Always in our hearts.
Will you miss those 17 kids gunned down in Florida or the 2 killed in Michigan?
Stormy Daniel's
Sweet moments from the funeral service today for Reverand Billy Graham as his daughter's shared a little about their Dad.

#RIPBillyGraham
"Well done my good and faithful servant" is my favorite sentence which I look forward to hearing myself, God willing.
Go to jail
Almost like you have a heart....
wtf!!!!   Lol!!!!  #CuckooCuckoo
Keep up the good work..take care and God bless
It was a beautiful service. Thank you for showing him honor.
Lots of tears for us in Texas!!
Why are you giving weapons to terrorist groups like PYD and YPG, why don’t you move with the NATO nations in Syria? Do you want US army to take a heavy defeat in Syria?
He will not say that about u two!
You know JC won’t say that about you, right?

#ChurchAndState #FirstAmendment #FreedomOfReligion 
#YouWerentElectedAsVicePastor
#BillyGraham preached white male privilege
You are so right. He will be missed and there will never be another Evangelist like him.
Hopefulky god will give him mulligan..franklin you hypocritical creep.
Both are racist and homophobic.  So please stop celebrating people who Jesus would reject.
No. No he won’t. That is all. Carry on.
Thank you for being there Mr Vice President
He will be missed just as we miss all anti-Semitic homophobes.
Now Pence and Franklin can have a quiet intimate romantic dinner  together alone

Even their religious rights are different. They can scorn immigrants, accept their president profanities, and his numerous sexual encounters lying is okay as long as it serves a higher purpose, serial marriages has been a long time in the making accordingly to their believes.
Was able to watch most of the service on line. What a privilege to “attend!” Blessings!
I doubt that you or Franklin will have such a welcome.  Neither of you seem to know what Christianity is all about.
Party time, new neighbor moved in. Angels sing  I heard when anyone comes up!
But Rev Billy must be a ticker tape
Tariffs but nada on sanctions?   Wtf pence????
#MAGA #InGodWeTrust #GodBlessAmerica #OneNationUnderGod
The certainty of Heaven is a great support to grieving humans who need something more than nothing.
Maybe you can learn something from billy
God Bless you Reverend Graham you took the world by Storm, even Queen Elizabeth sought for your advice. 
Billy Graham effected millions of people world round....His sermons straight forward from the Bible were moving to say the least... He left this world a lot better then he found it..U can honor him by excepting Jesus Christ as your Savior!!!
Of course he could only imagine it - given that heaven is an imaginary place.
Amen!
Not sure that’s where the late, great Billy ended up. There were a lot of skeletons in his closet he hoped people didn’t know about, just as there are in yours, right VP? But we knew, and we know. It’s all coming down.
I’m not being held up as an iconic hero without merit nor am I the Vice President or president of the United States who need to be held to a higher standard but think they are above any standard. I don’t cheat on my spouse, steal or outright lie. There’s that.
I was in awe.  The service was very nice.  I was so very proud that you and the President attended the service! @realDonaldTrump @TrumpUpdate @foxandfriends @TuckerCarlson @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @FLOTUS @SenateMajLdr @PRyan Very nice coverage by Fox News!
Another junket on the tax payers dime. Why did mikey and donny need to go?
