Did someone tell you Jesus was Jewish?. I hope that didn't break your heart. Richard Spencer still thinks you are awesome.
Just because you believe it doesn't it true, After all, how does one's location equate to one's religion?

You'll be telling us next that JC was white,
No, you are stating historical belief.

You'll also be telling us that JC was the son of a carpenter born in a manger.

Perhaps you should tell the Romans of the day he wasn't Jewish. He certainly wasn't a christian.
So if he wasn't christian, then what was he? There were hardly multiple religions in that area at the time.

PS, I didn't mention PP, I said "Romans". Just another example of you changing "facts" to suit your narrative?
We never asked.
You know the road to Jerusalem was lined with Jews that were crucified too? Were they selfless too? Did they die out of love?
So happy that  we have Christian in the executive branch of government.
Yet he remains silent while his boss grabs women by the pussy and dates open stars
You are so  mistaken  Bill Clinton  was up for impeachment with Monica . Stormy lied
#FakeChristian
What do you know about their faith. Do you go to church and live in the footsteps of Jesus?

Good thing your laws didn't  pass or they might not have been able to find someone willing to make a cake to celebrate
Your sort of Christian is why there are atheists, defending things that are blatantly against Christs teachings, like racism, sexism and judging people for their sexuality. Where did Jesus say you should judge people? Let he who is without sin, cas the 1st stone!
One should follow his own advice.
I'm not a Christian
But you are judging.  Happy Easter.
Yes I am but then I don't pretend to follow the teachings of Christ, do I? I don't pretend to follow someone who expressly taught non-judgement and then actively persecute people for their sexuality or skin colour. I do what I think is right and don't lie.
But you are judgmental - which hurts others.
Nope I doubt Pence is hurt by my words and in that vein you are hurting me by judging me
If you insist on being a victim.... who am I to intervene?



Doll, you should come out of the closet on passover! Thats a great day to do it! Hugs! #closetedVP #jesussaves
thank you @VP Happy Easter to you and your wonderful family!
Thank you Mr. Pence.
Happy Easter to you and Karen.
#Qanon
+++
KAG! 2018
KAG! 2020
#PenceforPresident2024
The very same to you Our Vice President as well as Our Wonderful President Donald Trump. Ad well as your families! God Bless all of you . Susan http://P.Ford 

Happy Passover, from all Teump/Pence's "Very Fine People" who marched in Charlottesville with their swastikas.
Very Fine and honorable citizens! Didn’t Trump sex 2 women in his wife’s bedroom
Next time you pass a fundamentalist like Mike Pence, ask them what they think should happen in all Jews future? They will tell you they like the Jews because they need them to die or convert to Christianity
Love you Mike and family
Es drek chasser!
Are you at gunpoint
Why Pence? You are a Christian. These people literally, and I mean LITERALLY, killed your God. You are as disingenuous as you are insane. But thank you for your service.
Why aren’t you quoting the Okd Testament? Thanks for the good wishes, albeit after your Good Friday sermon on the mount of my tax dollars.
Thank you Jews for being pawns in our plan bring resurrect Jesus and bring about the End Times!
Wish you'd instruct your president to be kind around the Easter and Passover holidays.  Of course your Christianity is so hipocritical. How can you follow Jesus and allow a leader which is so antithetical to Christian principles???  To coin your president, "very sad"

EXCEPT the  forgotten and  discarded Vetrans , like  myself
One Christian writer noted last month, “the devil is delighted” to see evangelicals defending Trump and the GOP at all costs.
In Paris and Gemany Moslems attacked Jewish ! Germany now very dangerous fopr Jewish and Islampower against Israel.


The Omnibus Spending Bill shows is. Due to this massive disappointment & disaster, we NEED to MAKE it much easier to fire any member of Congress who does stuff like this...People who have power that just HATE us, like MOST @DNC HAVE TO GO!!!
Fox News calls kid with Autism a Snowflake
https://www.facebook.com/iamelisabethparker/posts/1691286947628905 …
There will be no happy Passover for these forgotten Jewish babies murdered by Israel...
The Christian refugees weren't allowed to come under the,Obama administration & alot of Christians were murdered by ISIS. Please stop the murdering of muslims that turned to Christianity.

Easter celebrates the rising from the dead of Jesus, a Middle Eastern man whose mother and foster father crossed borders to escape persecution; who was lost while traveling as a boy with his family, most likely in…
Trump praised Roseanne's new TV show.

@TopRopeTravis

Why is Roseanne not being fired for posting a picture of gingerbread Jews going into an oven while she was dressed as Hitler?

@ABC - We're glad to watch the competition until you do the right thing!
You serve a bunch of criminal pple what do you know
Happy Easter to your family!
Vjckv
Yahveh is The King Of Kings
Isaiah 53
Happy Easter to you and yours!
This is just the epitome of hypocrisy... Exodus, the search for Freedom. I don't recall reading "but not in Trumps AMERICA" You through decent hardworking people out, wrench children from their parents. Don't you dare speak Christ's words.
Trump is delusional. Years of defrauding others ($25 million court supervised payout to innocent students, the latest) and unprotected sex with nude models have destroyed any capacity for rational thought. He must be removed from Office immediately. Impeach-indict-incarcerate.
"You Lie(r)"!
You are backing and walking behind a monster !!!!!!    Stand up for America !!!!   No name calling !!! No bullying !!!!    Lead with kindness and grace !!!!   #beashamed

Sd National Guard w/tear gas&trucks 2 drive them bac 2 help the border patrol. Obv a Dem stunt that could end badly. https://twitter.com/loudobbs/status/980191282210357248 …
Mr Vice President, my family really loves the way you clarify that this holiday is Passover, not Easter (a pagan holiday name). Our Lord Jesus shed His blood over to Passover from judgment. +
Thank you for being an American Christian role model, not afraid to profess your faith in public. Happy Passover. -M.N.
Happy Easter VP Pence
Nice try
Beautiful thank you...God Bless Y'ALL too.Happy Easter
Same to Vice President Pence be blessed.
Passover is about freedom. You're actively trying to quash the freedom of women and LGBTQ communities.
@FBI Stop abetting "Israel's" crimes w/my tax dollars. End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel." “Political language is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectful and give an appearance of solidarity to pure wind” ~ #GeorgeOrwell
@FBI Why do we give more military aid to “Israel” than any other state? Considering you are violating US and international law W/aid to "Israel' are you stealing from US tax payers? Stop stealing from me; end our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel"
Why are you abetting crimes committed by organized crime/fascism and/or “zionism?” You a criminal violating US & international law for “Israel” because you are a puppet for fascists and/or the oligarchs? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel"
@FBI“Forget the politicians. politicians are put there to give you the idea you have freedom of choice. You don’t! You don’t have choice. You have owners. They own you!” George Carlin. Puppet Pence please end our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel"
Is it because you are a puppet to oligarchs is why you are a criminal for “Israel?” Are you aware a 2014 scientific study by Princeton shows the US is no democracy but an Oligarchy? Why else abet crimes? End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel"
Stop being a criminal. Why are you violating 22 U.S. Code § 2378d, the Symington Amendment and international law for "Israel?" Stop abetting war crimes/crimes against humanity with my tax dollars. Please end our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel"
You aware "Israel" murders children for sport? Ref @ChrisLynnHedges. Despite your claim; murdering children for sport is not one of my values.  Stop abetting murdering children for sport w/my tax dollars. End our illegal military aid to the Crime Against Humanity that is "Israel"
Have a wonderful Passover remembering God sending the Passover Angel to help free the people of Israel from Egypt:
https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1083/5516/products/JM15_2.jpg?v=1461560634 …
Unless the fairytale romance that i now dream about, but know not for fact, but from a realistic term of reasons dont see that happening.
,but i respect wal-mart enough ive had contact with them to Via e-mail sir.
And i was at war with caldwell county as well knowing in fact they wouldnt take my broker anylastist as needing a mini mall on a tract of land by there highschool Sir &. Wal-mart was my heavy battery.
So, i contacted them and asked them to hold off on there building for as long as possible &.. they did again to my amaze, and lockart turned there cannons on them selfs and spent a ton on there new court house leaving themselfs with swing door currency flow allowing-
There economy to have another place to shop other than h.e.b.
I'd like to say i won both war's that i stated to them that i would do,but. Did it without black powder firing of shell type arsenols.
Id like to think i made a serious help in inflation standards congress could once again hide for fair opperating practices on wal-street seriously effectimg or economy up to date.
&. I have no problem with the republicans being in office while the last shells where fired.
Now i'm held to deep in the south to be rescued, but that was the choice i made for the good of my community.
Now had i been on the chamber of commerce with my buisness i probally would never of had an arrest on my behalf, and the police wouldnt have removed me from my buisness address that duals as my home address.
Systems hold over the counties cash flow.
I believe in one conversation i mentioned to academy Via e-mail was i want to turn bastrop into beverly hills. Now its built and the chamber of commerce probally got sick to there stomach because the citizens of bastrop county now have more places to shop. Unlocking the justice-
They where my cavalry and cannon placements just waiting for other stores to move in and take out bad non profitable buisness to be bought out for a decently price.
Its because i was the lamine broker between Academy, and hobby lobby.leaving plot lay out up to them. I have a buisness registured in the court system as glass enterprises.
Let me tell you why i think the bastrop county justice system hates me Sir.
VENEZUELA wishing liberty
Moning happy
Wishing you a happy and peaceful Easter Sunday!
Happy Passover and Happy Easter
,

JOHN NOT HOHN:)
Thank you always remembering that he lives and gave that special gift to us. No one can deny he walked the earth for 40 days after his resurrection!!! He even visited America see Hohn 10:16
Ditto
They had a great time, Mike. They murdered over a dozen Palestinians and injured over 1000 more. It's their favorite way to celebrate anything. 

They have absolutely no conscience, and clearly neither do you since you don't seem to care and keep supporting the Jewish ethnostate.

Marvelous!!!!!
Hypetcrit
Why did you marry such an ugly girl?
I thought you hated Jews

On #TransDayOfVisibility, let’s renew our fight for the full equality of all transgender people.
Merci
Happy Passover!  lol lol lol
Greetings Sir,wish to work with you so throught you i will be like her because i know what i can do.just need ur help,need a vibrant,smart, good looking,honest,and passionate young lady like me.that is ever willing to work. Please try me.
Thank you! May God bless you, our POTUS and ur Beautiful families. Your all a blessing to this country & I pray for you all every night
Happy Easter Mr Vice President Sir... hoorah
Amen!.!!
Happy Passover and Happy Easter to you and your family
Wouldn't it be nice if people could drop the hate for just ONE DAY!
The day of his resurrection would be a good place to start!
  Do something for someone?
Just because you can!
....so as we honor Passover we remmeber a future Passover meal with our King. As Paul said remove the leven from the Passover feast and celebrate it with zeoulouaness. Remembering Christ in the Passover and his ressurrection in the week of First Fruits!!!
Chag Pesach- Have a Joyish  Passover!

Christ said at the last supper, the Passover meal, before he became the Passover sacrifice for sin, that he would not eat of this Passover until we eat it with him in the kingdom to come.!!!
Don't like it stick ur head in the mud and forever go away
Blessed day to you.
Thank you very much
That is a very nice reminder, thank you for sharing.


One word! WINNING!!!
Drain the swamp you just brought a new swamp in that’s even darker than the previous one, liners thugs and thieves


Our Prayers & Thoughts are with All especially during this season of Passover & Easter!
Pence, we have a special prayer for You and for trump:
“Psalms 109:8 Let his days be few; and let another take his office.”
Thank you and HAPPY EASTER
Thanks Mike.


I see the lack of commas is not entirely germain to our idiot in chief.  This administration is a joke.

 

Love this!
Thank you so much and I hope you have a wonderful joyful Easter and thank you for all that you do for this country and giving Jews and Christians hope again
Fundie Nutter pence proudly supports the Anti-Christ Trump

ooooooo just too good...
Jesus is a myth. This holiday has its DNA in paganism.
Thank you Mr. Vice President
Thank you and Mrs. Karen for serving our country. Praise to the LORD JESUS CHRIST....
Happy pagan holiday.

#FakeChristians

Dear @realDonoIdTromp and @VP ,  March 31st is Transgender Day of Visibility Where is your message about Transgender Americans? Remember, you are both supposed to serve all Americans, including LGBTQ, POC and DACA. #TransDayOfVisibility #supporttranstroops #LGBT  #CivilRights
Ahhh nobody cares about things like that
You do care, otherwise why take the time to write your reply. You never know how your anti-LGBT sentiments might be affecting your children, family members and or friends who might be LGBT themselves.
Shalom!
God has blessed us all with you and Trumps leadership.  And I do mean ALL.   Happy Easter. !   Christ has risen !!!
