How do you seriously attend religious services with a straight face, Karen?

Very good
What's your opinion on these issues?
You have to be around @realDonaldTrump 

I would imagine plentiful showers and lots of therapy fills your day

BEAUTIFUL
I had art therapy. I had a life. I was primary caregiver for my 100% disabled wife. Actually I still am although struggling daily. Other than break through pain, didn't have an issue until the VA decided I & most all elderly, cancer patients & disabled veterans are EXPENDABLE.
You were expendable before you signed up and thereafter. You should be taken carr of did you do to the VA and walk out like many I've seen do?
On active duty, yes I was expendable. Once I became injured & returned home, no longer! I have been fighting since 1994 for my benefits. The VA adopted genocidal polices to rid its rolls of the elderly, cancer patients & disabled.

My voice will be heard!

No more DENY till DEAD!
Thank you. I just never had a problem with the VA so I don't know what to think. God bless you. Hope you get what you are supposed to.
Do you suffer from disabilities? Intractable Pain Disease? Or PTSD? I believe I made it clear they are denying lifesaving pain medications but do you know they are now quietly denying benzodiazepines used to treat panic attacks, insomnia, seizures?

My back & sadly other vets.
Yes they took mine. I just thought that's the way it was and is for ptsd. I came out OK.
For some of our Brothers & Sisters, it will not end well. 
Praying for all of us.
Amen. I hope y'all do well on your trip through the BS. I miss that med I was on cause it worked. Now I just drink more. Sorry but I do. If I had a guitar it'd be a hell of a lot better.
While this seems like a great program and should be celebrated - you have yet to realize or speak of the thousands of Art Therapists that have a private practice.  Non profits do great things but there is so much you are missing about the field- why?
Mmmmmm! I know the perfect place for therapy.  Just ask Mr.Very Stable Genius if it helped him!!!
HOW DOES IT FEEL TO KNOW YOUR HUSBAND SUPPORTS A MAN WHO IS NOTHING MORE THAN A WHORING MACHINE??? 
Tools of Trump’s Fixer: Payouts, Intimidation and the Tabloids
#tears...


Please...United States And People Of United States - HE Second Lady Karen Pence...
And with victims of gun violence!
Yeah— heard trump is cutting funding for the arts— doesn’t appear to reconcile to this....not totally surprised, Donald is all about himself.  How do you deal?
I was am Art/Education major. Art therapy does work.
So are you all gonna shake hands with the gays at the closing of the Olympics? You know you might catch it and if you don't admonish on the spot you're approving! #notaChristian #jesus=love @mike_pence
My mom was a Dance & Art therapist who worked w/ Vets in drug & alcohol rehab & also worked w/ severely mentally ill, back in 70s & 80s--the benefits are endless & we need more of this, for everyone. Thank you for supporting Art Therapy!! 
Coolest program promoted by a Second Lady EVER!!!  
PENCE UP TO HIS NECK IN RUSSIA SCANDAL
Music Therapy is wonderful as well!!!
Well she's talking about  art now isn't she?

Go back home
The Duchess of Cambridge champions this nonsense too
Nonsense only to you.
