
Beautiful and lovely smiles.. Karen
Beautiful my dear
Are you always with your husband?  Are you a White House employee?   You don’t trust him?   I never saw you on the ballot....
And, It’s national puppy day. Double celebration for Harley! Happy birthday!
HBD
Wow!   Beautiful!
LOLOLOLOL
Any help appreciated

http://gofundme.com/amber-mulholland …

Amber Mulholland (age 37) was diagnosed in Jan 2018 with Cervical Cancer stage 3B cancer has spread-extensive radiation and chemo therapy treatments done @ Tunnel Rehoboth & Graham Christiana, DE Husband/Son are disabled please give.



Yes, John Oliver turned Mike Pence's rabbit gay http://ow.ly/UqKR30j2ody 
super cute!
Someone save this dog.
She is ADORABLE.

Which one is the dog?
Happy 1st Birthday Harley!!!   What a cutie butt... Please give Harley a treat from 1 of your #1 fans....  Us Hoosiers miss you and Mr VP....<3
YOUR HUSBAND SPENDS AN ABNORMAL AMOUNT OF TIME THINKING ABOUT HOMOSEXUAL MEN I'M JUST SAYING.

Enjoy the birthday...
Love Karen so much, but she desperately needs a new hairstyle.
Stanley says "Happy Birthday"
is this ur gay bunny

Hate to tell you but Harley is gay too. And Jesus approves.
Keep him away from Marlon Bundo! The gay might rub off on him! I’ll prey 4u
Happy birthday Harley! 
Happy Birthday Harley !
@SecondLady please ask Mr. Pence to talk to the president to keep the "MAGA"
and just change the wording.
"Making America Great Again".
It's present tense. As in a work in progress. It make sense to working Americans.
You’re one of the best
Has Mike fucked that dog?
God your a sorry excuse for a women. You do realize that you are going to be a lonely miserable old lady all by yourself when that closet——— fill in the blank, goes to prison. Oh but the good thing he won’t be going to dinner with any other women. U R disgusting
Thank you for bringing Marlon Bundo to the World (the John Oliver edition!)
hey Karen did you forgive Donny for fucking Stormy?
Awwwww
Happy Birthday!!!
When is Marlon's birthday?
Last Week Tonight with John Oliver Presents a Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo. (Not Marlon Bundo's Day in the Life of the Vice President)
100% of its proceeds from this book to The Trevor…
Serious Question! How do you stand behind a man who cheats on his wife and pays off porn stars? Just seems so hypocritical!
Play with your dog while your husband continues to let kids die in schools because he’s an NRA puppet.  You are destroying this great country.  Have a good day!

awe!
Karen, you really should talk to @VP about Commandments 1,2,6,7,8,9, and 10. @realDonaldTrump has a blatant disregard for them and Mikey doesn't seem to mind.
Wish uball d best in ur life
 Happy  Birthday Harley

Don't forget to pick up a copy of a book about Marlon Bundo at http://betterbundobook.com  it also supports a good cause. #betterbundobook
Buy the story of the Pences  Marlon Brando here on Amazon... A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07BK2B91S/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_F00RAbTMAMZN2 …
Happy Birthday Harley!

Gorgeous dog!
His eyes are huge.

#Stinkbug
You can find all the information about how to purchase the better of Marlon Bundo’s two upcoming books (for a good cause) at: http://www.betterbundobook.com  
Happy Birthday Harley!!!
Hey Karen, you and Mike gonna teach the kids how to vandalize Mosques tonight?
Happy Birthday
hey karen, look at my little pet
Oreo lives!! @StormyDaniels
Happy Birthday Harley! ^^
feliz  ydios vendiga
Happy birthday
Mother, you need to realize that Mike's public behavior and obvious hypocrisy have been more apparent than typical since he started hanging around with Don. Don has been a horrid influence on Mike. You need to put your foot down and stop this now!!!
Fajna jesteś z Tym pupilem twoim
Witamy

congratulations
He looks very happy. As do you. Happy Birthday Harley.
Super cute picture 
WOW!

Happy birthday Day
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday Harley!
Happy birthday good boy!!!
Your making us all so proud! Thanks for serving and loving animals! Your a lovely lady with a kind heart @SecondLady 
Mike should run for President. Tell him to ditch Trump for the next election. He should get far away from that sinking ship.

Looking nice


Liar
Trump is going to ruin your lives. He hates dogs too.
Oh, too cute
Happy birthday to the second dog 

Aaaawwwww ..... Happy Birthday Harley 
Good morning, he is the life of the Bellevue and you are good to raise Harley, how can we be friends? My name is Amer. I am from Iraq. I hope you can reply.
Happy Birthday handsome boy... you looked very loved!
Your support of Trumps despicable behavior(spreading hate) and your blatant hypocrisy is a disgrace to Christians around the world.  You are a Trump Christian -You witnessing is serving Trump and not God. You vouched for Trumps Christianity. Wanted to be VP more than decency. Sad

Sweet photo! So are you!
What a cute & lucky pup! What a nice family you are blessed to love & be loved by! Happy tail  wagging birthday! GOD BLESS 

Twins!


Happy birthday
beautiful birthday boy!
So what're your thoughts on all the porn star stuff?  I mean cause mikey can't even be left alone with another woman...and lil cadet bonespurs is knocking boots while his wife is home with the newborn.  You two must be so proud of what you are now associated with.  Congrats!
What a beautiful dog , HAPPY BIRTHDAY HARLEY 


You won’t be smiling when you husband goes to@prison as an accomplice to Russian election collusion.
Happy Birthday Harley
Unlike Mike, you don't need to use peanut butter with Harley to get him to go down on you.
Happy birthday Harley
Nice
Doggo!
Happy Birthday Harley your birthday's on my collies birthday which we celebrated today Happy Birthday Daisy
Good looking lady nice to see you
Happy Birthday to You Harley!
I bet you check his browser history on a regular basis.

You should!
A cutie
What a pretty dog!
Happy birthday,Harley♡
Oh that poor animal #SaveHarley
Please protect the US from Trump
Lord bless!
I am a dog person have two Jack Russell Terriers, grew up on farm had 2-4 Dogs at all times. People who celebrate dog birthdays are weird.
Happy birthday, Harley!  Will you get our own book too after the @realMarlonBundo book is out? I ordered a signed copy the other day.
Happy Birthday Harley!
Happy birthday to Harley, Harley is a loving friend Karen, second lady, do enjoy the celebration a special day with Harley. 
Happy Birthday Harley 
Happy Birthday 
Aussies are the best! HBD to Harley
He is a cutie
Happy Birthday, cutie! From the Godsey clan
Handsome pup....   Happy Birthday Harley...

Happy Birthday!
What a cutie!
You are a beautiful and smart lady! 
Another tweet of national importance.
- Russia Collusion
- Stormy Daniels
- Cambridge Analitica
- Don Jr. Divorce
- Russia Agression
- Trump Org Subpoena
- Clear Obstruction
Beautiful dog!
Happy Birthday wishes to your little cutie from a fellow pet enthusiast!

Hi, happy birthday Harley ! Nice picture, and may Gods peace
and love be with you and the vice President.  
Our @SecondLady is so gracious! God bless her
Drop everything and say cheese, love, treat?
I hope you are enjoying living in DC, we miss you in Indiana.
Happy birthday Harley. You are a cutie pie.
Guess what? Our country is falling apart, and you are tweeting about your dog!
Aww Harley, that's my Dad's name. 
Glad you're not a buffalo, Harley!
Your Pres. is having a meltdown. You need to be there. lol
