Wonderful!
.@SecondLady So this is what you do all day? Go around disrupting therapy so you can see it then tweet about it? What exactly are you DOING, besides making that day more difficult by having to change schedules, provide security, etc?
I think that is a terrific program. Karen you are doing a great job making awareness of the need for our elderly and possibly for everyone. Thank you.
They are an incredible and progressive hospital. Our family spent 8 months there with a little one.
Would you help us spread the awareness with this campaign ? 

We are NOT asking people for donations.
Just an ACT OF KINDNESS when we see a homeless person on our every day travels 

A sandwich, a coffee, chat or even a smile

Read all about it below
BEAUTIFUL AWESOMENESS 
Mrs. Pence, do they use Art Therapy to treat homosexuality? I assume that would be your favourite. 
Wow, that was uncalled for
Great children's book:
Who pays for these services now that the administration is cutting health care?
What kind of therapy do you recommend for an ex governor who has sold his soul for money and power?
Nice going
We need to encourage more music and arts in the classroom. The best therapy is a creative outlet
And your husband and the GOP want to cut funding for this.  What does it say when a Christian tries to hide just how hypocritical they are?
Awesome
Thanks to the next First Lady 2024
How Wonderful.  Good for you, Lady!  I'm sure it was an Awesome Visit.  Proud of you!  Congrats!
Do not abide an immoral, evil man.

Joy Behar did NOT have to apologize to Mike Pence! He should be questioned on his extreme religious behavior. 

If Pence could away with it, would be throwing gay men off buildings in name of Jesus like ISIS does for Allah? 

Evangelical Christianity an ideology NOT religion.
Is that a ‘Jesus bubble’ you’re living in or just willful ignorance? Doesn’t really matter, you’re still #Complicit
Have you spoken with Betsy Devos? Between the two of you you might make 1/4 of a Secretary of Education.
Hello, Mother Beard.
Trump needs some therapy.
Were the teachers all armed with AR-15s like Trump wants?
Thank you for visiting, Mrs. Pence!
What's it like having a gay husband?
Maybe they can help mike , the christer freak .
Ban assault weapons
Send Pence to Prison #penceknew
Ass kissers wife.
You and hubby are evil devils!!
your husband needs therapy. He hears voices....lol quack job
The woman is helping children for Gods sake.  Have you no decency?  Get a life moron.
Thank you for supporting Art Therapy. This nation has a lot of healing to do.

Dear Karen Pence, please visit my website: http://direplays.com 
Have a safe & happy day !
my therapists
Love everything you do!
And especially the pets!

'Hitler Was Fulfilling God's Will For Israel'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ct4_ze_FjNo …


Thank goodness the Senate couldn't pass the full Trumpcare plan last year.  @CincyChildrens would've seen devastating cuts.
Just shut up
Thank you Lord God Almighty for putting a hearts in those people to care
Great visit at @CincyChildrens where they have art therapy and music therapy programs. The therapists and staff are doing great work to treat the entire family.
Thank You Karen .. My Mother-In-Law Has Dementia .. And Art Therapy Has Done Amazing Things For Her !! 
Such a Wonderful Pl., Children’s Hospital they do such good work also thank you so much to our second lady
Michael with 8 random numbers, you are a Putin bot. You have probably hacked Karen Pence’s social and private accounts.
Her husband loves you, I block you.
You’re doing a wonderful thing Mrs. Pence. You inspire women around the world. Keep up the good work!
