The USA is a Christian Nation!
Wrong.
I actually don't believe in prayer AND I am an American.  Please don't label everyone the same.
Referring to American history, our country was built upon Faith. Today is a reminder of how our country got to where we are. #WeAreBlessed
Our country was founded by political refugees who yes, were persecuted for their religious beliefs, but we're running for their lives from the kind of nutsy extremists like Pence who want everyone to have the same religion..
When has our Vice President preached that everyone must have the same belief as his own??? Show me.
Pence is a man of faith and he talks about it. Not once has he ever demanded we all do the same.
Is someone crazy for having a bit of faith? That doesn't make sense to me.
When there was prayers and bibles in the school we didn't have all this killing and children disrespecting parents year kids must be nothing but prisons and drug addicts
U know where u can shove prayers in school, right?

Ya
Too bad our godless president only believes in personal power and wealth !! You have elected the anti-Christof
Absolutely, i believe in the power of prayer  stage IV cancer survivor...from Dr. David Jeremiah. “Our pathways often twist through stormy landscapes; but when we look back, we'll see a thousand miles of miracles and answered prayers.”
You are absolutely right. Every night before going to bed the majority of Americans pray that when they wake up in the morning you and Trump have been removed from office.

We have had the freedom to pray if we wish. Not everyone worships the same. Let's not forget there are wonderful atheists too.
I pray your entire corrupt administration will be thrown out of the Whitehouse
Dont waste you time on that one....when it comes to prayer...its not your will that count....but His !! LOSER !!
Pence & prayer, corruption & trump & the nra, & republicans encouraging racism, & propaganda & lies & greed& bible thumping deception.. yeah that’s Pence. Gay bashing, still Obama bashing, no healthcare 4 America, destruction of the environment, public lands & wildlife, DECEPTION
1 Peter 4:14
If you are reproached for the name of #Christ, blessed are you, for the Spirit of #glory and of #God #rests upon you. On their part He is blasphemed, but on your part He is glorified.
A #Nation under #One #True #GOD #JesusHeals  #OneNationUnderGOD
I can do a meme too




Just saw @vp clip on Rosenstein  @Comey letterr-just flat out lying,omitting Trump asked for the letter while Pence was in the room..not what a man does, not what a patriot does, not what a Christian does but it is what #Perdueteam does #shitholepresident
The following men were there when Donald Trump called Haiti & Africa "shitholes"

-Sen. Lindsey Graham  - @LindseyGrahamSC…

What about the separation between church and state that Jefferson wrote about?
In Christ's name Amen
#HypoChristian
Christ ate with sinners. Prayed with sinners. Saved sinners. Heaven will be full of sinners. We all are sinners and fall short of the glory of God. Take Christ as your LOrd and Savior and confess your sins, repenting of them. Your name shall be written in the Lambs book of Life.
AMEN!!! GOD BLESS AMERICA #MAGA
I pray every day that we can get #45 out of office


Separation of church and state. Praying in a public forum as the VP and claiming all Americans do this is the most un-American thing you can do. You're a shit American and a shit Christains. Resign, and fall I to obscurity.
There is nothing in our constitution about separation of church and state! Read! It was a letter by Jefferson. We may not have a national religion but they can pray if they choose to do so!
If Jesus comes back, he will tell you how he really feels about you.
Jesus isnt real. Stop praying and start doing.
You better pray. Do you think god would approve of this shit.
Liar. #FakeChristian
Separation of church and state!
Scores of millions are today praying for your Administration to be gone, soonest and by any peaceful means.
President of the United States, Mr. Drump, once again, North Korea will be deceived by Kim Jong Eun, and we must immediately strike it. I will ask.
You remember people pray? 
Your brand of Christianity I can do without.
Thoughts and prayers are as valuable as you are.
Pence is corrupt and I'm being nice
You dont know the meaning of nice....you try to be nice on the wrong subject....LOSER !!
I see you went to @realdonaldtrump school of tweeting. Sad!
Respecting an individual’s choice, whether it be praying or other personal decisions is a pillar of what makes America great
"LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL"

GREAT USA
Amen Mr. Vice President, Amen!
Nobody asked the bot to but in
I love how you God fearing evangelicals believe in guns for killing.. I also worked for you in Indiana while you was  governor,  I  so appreciated MANDATORY FLEX TIME  so I could not receive Overtime Pay,  Screw the working class right PENCE
Guns are a right. To protect and yes hunt. Guns, bullets, arrows are all tools that don't kill on their own. Add the human element with proper training, knowledge, maturity and you have an amazing combination. You have freedoms too. Like picking your nose. I think you dug too far
Evangelical conservatives love God and Guns. Might as well Fuck for Chastity!
Asi mismo es, la oracion mueve montañas,orando todos los dias por nuestro Presidente y por Ud y familias.

We say prayer everyday!
Why do you have to make it political? Prayer is private not a sword for a foul mouth president and bully!
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/VP/status/992069566623711232 … (Ranked 11th for May 3.)
Howabout not being hypocritical and think of the American people everyday... that would be like not foolishly commending vile unChristian, unAmerican criminal #JoeArpaio foolishy lauding what a beacon of the law...Stop pretending you are Christian when clearly you aren't.
The party of baby killers and sodomites do not believe in prayer or at least they do not pray to the same God Christians do!
Yay prayer!
@VP @WhiteHouse @realdonaldtrump
Pray that you don't end up in prison with the rest of the Trump criminals. @SecondLady

Translation: I say a little prayer for you Trumpy, always.
Yes praying does help. Thank you President Trump and Vice President Pence.
One nation under God!!! Our country was founded on it!
Prayers bring victory too!!
I really feel sorry for people that don't have a relationship with God,your mother your father, No one can compare the peace, and love God blesses, the ones that call upon him,I'm praying for you, every knee shall bal,every tongue confess,
Amen. God Bless you and your family for staying the course He paved for you. This nation is better for it. We join you in the anthem of Praise, Prayer and Worship to Him alone who sits on the Throne- Mighty God is He.  God Bless America and the World.
just because your were blessed enough to be born in America, a country that was founded on God,it even says it on our money, and if you study the bible you will also learn our legal system, all are founded in the bible,
The @realDonaldTrump 's National Day OfPrayer Blessing: "Mr. Cohen, an attorney, received a monthly retainer, not from the campaign ...,through reimbursement, a private contract between two parties, known as a non-disclosure agreement, or NDA. These agreements are...." Bless You!
Mr. Pence.  You do not speak for me, or Hindus, or Native Americans, or Moslems, etc.  America is NOT a Christian country.  It was not created to be a xtian country.  It was here for every religion to be safe to practice here.  Please stop making such generalities of beliefs.
Glory to God almighty!
Thank You VP Pence!
All creature will obey thru
Our Lord JESUS CHRIST.
Great,
Hey it’s one of the children of the corn all grown up.
Yep. We would not have a nation if not for religion.  The foreign writers and philosophers were in awe of this fact and recognized the superior country we would become.
Are you kidding me?  You are a lapdog for a disgraceful POTUS.  Don’t know which is worse, him or you.
Most #WeThePeople believe your husband knew about #Turkey & @GenFlynn. @VP is to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump what Spiro Agnew was to Richard Nixon. Your hubby will fall first. Then Trump. @FBI #Mueller #FollowTheMoney
Amen!!
Amen
This guy is scary. He's living as if it's still 1950
FREEDOM OF RELIGION DOES NOT INCLUDE “NATIONAL PRAYER DAYS” you are in the White House to DEFEND AND PROTECT the Constitution for the American people, not DESTROY  it to fit to your own agenda!! DO YOUR JOB!
Says the Christian Taliban....
Not every American is Christian, VP. For you to shove this down our throats is to limit religious freedom. If you want a NDoP, go to your church. I’ll be maintaining spirit in my garden.
Mr vice pls advice ur President to stay away from Ghana which he called shit hole pls
May God bless our country and teach us all to respect our differences and grow from them!

Amen
Yes indeed sir we need prayer in school our home and country god bless you you are doing a great job love you and the president
Hypocrite
You are ABSOLUTELY RIGHT #VP.Pence thank God for you and #PRESIDENT TRUMP
The Lord bless you  Pence
https://www.facebook.com/amy.pemg/posts/161626151200435 …
Amen
Amen Amen VP Pence.  Let us pray.....In God alone there is rest for my soul, from Him comes my safety;with Him alone for my rock, my safety, My fortress, I can never fall.  Psalm 62.  God Bless our USA!
Pray for your lying immoral leader please
#FridayFAITH #dailysteps #gabrielhope.org 
God does NOT look at our needs, HE looks for our FAITH.
Once HE sees our FAITH in HIM,THAT is WHEN HE intervenes 
Luke 18:8 Jesus said:..."Nevertheless, when the Son of Man comes, will He really find faith on the earth?”
Sure prayer might but this era of history will be known for complete lack of common decency.  A part of American history that you are very involved in.
I would pray if I thought it would help. But I find it hard to pray to a god that allows war, famine, decease, and Republicans
Yep. Can I pray to have a summer body without breaking a sweat? Power of prayer proved.
Prayer is the sword of believers
And what exactly did it achieve other than in helping politicians to keep their electorate happy, when they bragged about it.  Did it improve their morality?  Not one iota! Total hypocricy!
Like a snagged thread in the loom. Though an insignificant part of the material. It leaves an unsightly scar in the fabric.
Amen
Yes it is
Thank sir. Mr vice president
Ugh the blasphemy makes me want to puke he is just mocking God for no man should put Trump before God and yet...It's disgusting what Trump and his supporters are doing to God, while claiming to love both
lovely, in God we trust.
I’m curious. I have no soliciting signs on my property and Mormons are always knocking on my door. Since they are trying to force their religion on me isn’t that trespassing on my property and soliciting?
“Prayer is the cord that runs through every era of American history”

How dare you use the sacrament of prayer, as just another politically motivated comment, to gather support for a narcissistic adulterer.

May our Lord have mercy on you.
After reading so many responses of the hateful tweets I have so much more respect for you as a Christian in politics.
Find any gay kids to torture lately????
Our faith in jesus unites us
@VP what you don’t realise is the the majority of Americans are praying Trump leaves and causes us no further embarrassment.
Bagus
You’re not God. You’re an embarrassment.
I'm praying for empathy, truth, and honesty in our leadership.  This country can not survive by oppressing the common man and elevating the rich with tax breaks.  Please have a heart!
I thought American people don't pray, there are so blessed & well developed yet they observe #NationalDayofPrayer wow!
Thank God.
Yes yes yes , Thank You, Vice.   President  Pence.                                Glory. HALLALUA !!
 Enough , "said "  !!!!!!!!
ALL NAV VETS !
SAIL HO !
GOD SPEED !
LAST TRANSMISSION  !
PRAYER
And yet you endorse a person who tortured prisoners.  Very Christian of you! Righteous religious fool!
We keep you and the President in our prayers every day. Thank you for your service to our country!

Amen!
Prayer is not the last chance,but the first choice throughout the day.Well Done Vice-President.
Not for all of us, Mr Sell-Your-soul. Tax religion!
SALUTE 
Amen!
Why are you attending blood money NRA convention? How many dead children will it take?
Does the #NationalDayOfPrayer fall on the anniversary of @POTUS #cheating on @FLOTUS (who had just had his 5th child) with porn star @StormyDaniels? Or the anniversary of #Charlottesville? Or of him belittling a disabled reporter? Or his #bigoted bans? @GOP #Hypocrisy #Charlatan
Amén. Lindas bendiciones a los que trabajan para glorificar a Dios
Vice President Pence tell the House of Represent to summit me too for the Award. President Trump did not do it alone. Below are the Reasons why.
@Twitter My Fellow Americans, on August 29, 2017 through September 2nd, 2017, I prayed at the Western Wall in Jerusalem, Israel&asked GOD to intervene&bring President Trump and President Kim Jon UN to a PEACE NEGOTIATION TABLE TO PREVENT THE NUCLEAR WAR 1. GOD ANSWERED MY PRAYERS
However, this is just the first phase. Pls,join me in Prayers for the Second phase of achieving ATRUE LASTING PEACEFUL RESOLUTION,&HELP me financially at http://holyspiritministries.network  for the third phase which is having A TRUE NATIONAL REPENTANCE ASSEMBLY BEFORE GOD for God to HEAL USA
@Twitter The king's heart is a stream of water in the hand of the Lord;he turns it wherever he will Proverbs 21:1

The Lord Changed President Kim Kong Un's Mind because of my spiritual Warfare Prayer at the Western Wall. Kim was ready fight the Nuclear War 
MY FELLOW AMERICANS, stop Wondering why President Kim Kong UN changed his mind to come to the PEACE Table. I simply stood in the gap for America &the World through the Word of God in the book of 1King 8:41-43,&9:1-3&God Changed President Kim Kong UN's Mind
@Twitter “As for the foreigner who does not belong to your people Israel but has come from a distant land because of your name—for they will hear of your great name&your mighty hand&your outstretched arm—when they come&pray toward this temple, then hear from heaven, your dwelling
@Twitter place. Do whatever the foreigner asks of you, so that all the peoples of the earth may know your name&fear you,as do your own people Israel,&may know that this house I have built bears your Name.-
1 Kings 8:41-43

THIS IS WHY GOD CHANGED PRESIDENT KIM JONG Un's MIND PRAY
The other Name Of JESUS is AMEN. REVELTION 3:14 

But the Jews do not know that they have been worshiping Jesus at the Western Wall in Jerusalem for Generations when they say AMEN. And Christians do not knoe THAT JESUS HAS BEEN AT THE WESTERN WALL FOR THOUSANDS OF YEARS

Why do these people continue to treat us like we are unsophisticated or worse.   First they allow the House Chaplain to be fired for praying for the poor, accusing him of being too political.   So what  is this hypocrite doing -trying to cover for the idiocy.
666

Not ethics no morals you are a hypocrite
Actually it was religious freedom, but thanks for chiming in.

Do you think you’ll be able to separate yourself from your criminal administration when Judgement comes?

Pray on that, Mike.
#MAGA #GFY
No, America does not. In fact, polling is reporting smaller and smaller percentages of people who consider themselves religious. Get your Jesus crap away from us.

Speak for yourself you crazy Christian f@ck! #crazy #Christians #religion #lies #fundamentalist #Pence #Dangerous
I prayed an embarrassing reality TV show "personality" with crap business skills wouldn't be the leader of our country...and he's not prayers do work! Unfortunately actual communist are running America now. #sadbuttrue
The world needs #God ~ #Prayer love♡ Faith Hope ~ A call to repentance 2 Chronicles 7:14 ~ Trust in the LORD with all your heart, on your own intelligence rely not; In all your ways be mindful of him, and he will make straight your paths. Proverbs 3:5-6 #NationalDayOfPrayer   
You can speak indonesian?
Prayers don't work for pedophiles.
Is it Faith.
Or
Amen!
#GrabEmByThePussy
SHUT UP! The WH is under so much immoral scrutiny that it should burst into flames from today’s activity. Worst president & vice president in life!!!!!! Your claim to being out of !
SHUT UP! The WH is under so much immoral scrutiny that it should burst into flames from today’s activity. Worst president & vice president in life!!!!!! Your claim to being out of honorable! You will never be a president
SHUT UP! The WH is under so much immoral scrutiny that it should burst into flames from today’s activity. Worst president & vice president in life!!!!!! Your claim to being out of the loop will not make you honorable

I pray this administration is just a bad dream and I'll wake up to sanity and proper grammar again
Nope.  The founding fathers literally left a theocracy, and for that exact reason, put it in the first amendment that religion doesn’t belong in government.
That's a pile of horse crap. Prayer won't help you when you are found guilty for crimes against America!!
Thank you both President deliver the importance wording from GOD. In Jeremiah 29, verse 11, we read: “For I know the plans I have for you, plans to prosper you, and not to harm you, plans to give you a hope and a future.” We praised and worship the Almighty God, bless the America
From which faith though?

Why does @VP care more about NRA money than lives lost to #GunViolence? 
Why does he meet in secret to repeal #ACA, a program that benefits not only MILLIONS of people on the exchange, but #Medicare & #Medicaid…
I just love the story of your rabbit!!!! Through prayer this little rabbit knew his calling was to be a loving gay rabbit

Peak 2018, y’all. 
Prayer never helped me when my father was beating me because my report card was d's and f's. Circa 1960's.  Since then I gave up my Catholic faith. Remember, if there was no lord, there would be no master. When religion ruled the world it was called the dark ages.
You have a National day of prayer. Put prayer back in school.

My memories of conversations with my son, Jordan, about a love for God, and responsibility to care for all of humanity, inspired the decision to take my message of inclusion, safety, and prosperity for all to Washington.
…
