
Yeah, art is so much better than actual healthcare...
The Trump administration is quietly dismantling the Affordable Care Act, taking a series of regulatory steps that will make it easier for insurance companies to sell plans that exclude patients with preexisting conditions or don’t cover basic services. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/2/22/17033588/trump-obamacare-preexisting-conditions … …
Yeah, art is better than cures...

Trump budget seeks huge cuts to science and medical research, disease prevention - The Washington Post
Trump's proposed 2018 budget cuts to NIH, CDC, FDA, HHS backlash - Business Insider
Thanks to you and your husband for all your service. Keep up the Great Works.

I love this program.  Coolest Second Lady, EVER!
Have you and Mike ever made a no-sex tape?
Mark you sound like an ignorant fool. Wow what a dumb comment.
Implementation of the sanctions on Russia would be a good start
.@SecondLady Maybe the victims of the latest school shooting can do art therapy and get aallllll better. No need for healthcare, gun control, or mental health services at all. In fact, it'll stop future shooters!
Why don’t you ask your husband why has this administration cut healthcare for children?

We're hoping to make a difference,  too.  We think you'll like our plan & products!  God bless you.   Please see you're mailroom.  MAGA WITH FTPU!  We have SOLUTIONS for Disabled problems. 
@realDonaldTrump @leeson_penny @Scavino45 @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @PressSec @KellyannePolls
St. Jude children's research hospital help families who can't afford cancer  care. Ron McDonald House charities that provide housing for parents whose child is in a hospital.  Moms join us, please give very generously.
God bless Riley Amen
ART THERAPY 
Karen, why aren't you supporting the passage of CHIP, and more help for families and children?
Similar type of art therapy.  Like to tell u more.  God bless you.
Good job

Ugh - the hypocritical witch surfaces again!


Keep up the great work 
Do not abide an immoral, evil man.
Yoooooooooooo
Oil!!! The high Arctic!
I am a U.S. citizen. I owned property at this address since 4/1999.  SAU Tech Graduate. GPA 4.0. Southern Arkansas University Graduate GPA 2.74. Southern Arkansas University Graduate Student GPA 3.14.  I a truly questioning what "Make America Great Again" mean.
Could help to protect innocent children from Syria??

BEAUTIFUL 
Why?  They are the 2020 voters riding in to save the day. If Trump isn't already locked up, impeached, resigned, or in a mental health facility.
Your prayers are worthless! We need healthcare not your useless words.
And thank you, Second Lady, for all the hard work you & Vice President continue to do to help #MAGA We love & appreciate you! God bless you & our great country!
Still no comment on gun control or how Trump is screwing the US. What's the point of you having the title of second lady or VP if you are not going to speak out? Gone next election pence.
Thank you Riley Art Therapy! God bless our @VP and @SecondLady 
You say "Art Therapy", but all I can think of is you saying, "Conversion Therapy". 
#TheResistance
#FBResistance
#LBGTQAlly
Thank you @SecondLady  for your great work.we appreciate "you"
I so love Art therapy. It makes patients more compliant with their treatments. As well, breast cancer victims too. We need art back in school too. !
Awesome. God Bless all the kids.
behavioural therapy
Where are the Russian sanctions?
What about the children who have lost their insurance due to your hubbys efforts?
Imagine if #TrumpCare had passed as law, 
AWESOME KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK OF LOVE  YOUR AMAZING!!!
What. Has. She. Done.
Best. 

Second Lady. 

Ever. 

#MAGA

The $1.50 a week (3 years) increase will not even cover the cost of ...
Daddy himself
https://youtu.be/NcZcTnykYbw 
Melania believes
https://youtu.be/RnfYF_RTEc0 
TRUMPS personal lawyer Admits he paid Porn Star Stormy Daniels $130,000 hush money w/Melania with 4 month old
The Trump admin is not only refusing to implement sanctions on Russia to  deter future attacks — they're not even spending the money that was  made available specifically to counter the attacks that are going on  RIGHT NOW.



Thank you and @VP. God bless you and your family 
