SHOVE YOUR USELESS FAKE THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS UP YOUR IGNORANT RACIST ASS #COMPLICITPENCE #IMPEACHTRUMPNOW #SEXUALPREDATORTRUMP #UNFIT
I flew C-130’s for many years and am dreading seeing the names of the crew members...it’s far too likely I’ll know some of them.  Please have some decency and save the crass politics or later.
1st AMENDMENT.
Yes, first amendment, but how about some humanity? You don't need an amendment for that, do you?
Will be praying for these families of those National Guardsmen. On that plane they are our protection here at home. They will be deeply missed. Their families definitely need to  be in our thoughts and prayers. This is not a time to call anyone names and carry on badly.

God Bless you...
Does God bless liars
You tell me, Mari, since you're a liar ..... Does he bless liars?
or is it satan that is "blessing" you, since you seem to be his servant?
Amen...God IS the Light! 
RIP heroes.  Haters, learn how to respect the heroes who have died so you can bully and troll.

Prayers for their families. May they rest in peace.
Thank you Mr. vice President.
Thank you Mr Vice President for your continued support of our military and first responders. As always, we appreciate your dedication to the America First agenda and will pray for your health and safety as you help MAGA.


Mother says we need #GunReform now
Tell your mommy to show respect for our military.

THANKS BUT PUERTO RICO NATIONAL GUARD NEED BETTER PLANES NO 60 YEARS OLD ALMOST AS OLD OF PUERTO RICO COLONY STATUE ENOUGH IS ENOUGH WE ARE SECOND CLASS CITIZEN FOR OVER 100 YEARS AND STILL COUNTING SAD AND TRUE @VP SAD AND TRUE
Praying for the Patriots that lost there lives today protecting US. Also
Praying for their families 
God bless
Arapio is not a hero... do better Mike
PowerPrayers 
God bless all the men and women who serve.
Amen!
All these highly trained military pilots crashing planes?  I don't think so.
You are on the right track.  Research #qanon
So they are Americans when they die in service to the country, but not when an entire island is without power, water, food? @VP #suckit
@realdonaldtrump @repjenniffer After 2 #Statehood Votes, honor our Fellow Americans in PuertoRico though #INCORPORATION MAKE AMERICA GREATER by extending its borders to become a Caribbean Nation @GOP  @GOP_PR51 @trschatz51 @ricardorossello 
@jrswrites Since @NatResources @RobBishopUT recognizes that #PuertoRico is a "part of the country" and favors #statehood he should start by introducing legislation to incorporate the territory. As explained in this Op-Ed incorporation would further growth 
…
GOD BLESS YOU and your family. May your loved ones REST IN Peace
Praising Arpaio is reprehensible. Can’t wait to see you go down with the rest of this criminal administration
Shut up
Resign
Can’t liberals have ANY RESPECT FOR LOSS OF LIFE are they really so self-centered they have to troll a post announcing the deaths of PEOPLE WHO SERVE TO PROTECT YHEIR SORRY ASSES? and they wonder why that party is in its last throes of existence. The party of hate.

Liar 
Time to upgrade this bird with something that is flyable and can fly, and build the wall
Flyable? Do you know anything about the "Hercules"? And incase you didnt do your homework the plane was being flown to Az to be retired...
God's Speed! Thank you all for your ultimate sacrifies.
Well here's the highlight of my day...
I get to go grammar & spelling ninja on Satan himself.

You - not U
Your - not ur
Them - not um

And it's spelled racist, not rascit...and I don't think that word means what you think it means.
Qué fácil es decir los llevaremos en nuestro pensamiento
El trato a mi país de d 3 clace al igual q el avión
Solidaridad con las familias 
Restart opposition only can save iran
We iranians hate mojahedin_e_khalgh
Maybe Now They will look into this corrupt government.
 Puerto Rico Government Award themselves millions of dollars in Christmas Bonuses last December.  #Fraud
Sending prayers
@POTUSPress 

So very sad



Many prayers heading up 

Wrongfully imprisoned black man Mike Pence refused to pardon slams 'racist' VP for praising Joe Arpaio https://www.rawstory.com/2018/05/wrongfully-imprisoned-black-man-mike-pence-refused-pardon-slams-racist-vp-praising-joe-arpaio/#.WupMIwFvsfk.twitter …
@co_rapunzel4 @cherokeesher2 @amazinmikey @MtnMD @zeitgeistbabe #WomensHealth #California #PuertoRico #IRS #FBI #Veterans #Law #USMC #Navy #NoBallsDonnie#Education #MeToo

MEANWHILE 
Coward BS Pence
Received Slippery Bar of Soap
As Welcoming Gift from his Future Cellmates
Wait?? Did you admit PR was part of America?
Why not start by actually helping Puerto Rico!
Wait - you just called Puerto Ricans “Americans.”  That won’t go over with your base. Just a little faux pas.
#PuppetPence
Prayers
Thank you Mr VP Pence for all the work you do to assist President Trump. We are very proud of you God bless you and Mrs Pence
Who are you praying to? Your imaginary friend?
Mikey, once again - telling lies is a sin.
This C-130 was from Puerto Rico National Guard; Wonder Who was responsible for its maintenance?
Amen! This is time to walk with and by the bereaved families. I haven't witnessed any Democrats yet expressing anything about this tragedy. Vice Pres. Mike Pence is in the heat of daily life of Americans and keeps the torch.
Our military is being SABOTAGED!!!
Jim Mattis defense secretary: Do something!! Muslim bro/others members in our military are taking "NOT" good care of aircraft, carriers, warships other equipment (You must take a good look at all maintenance peoples, background checks)? some are Sabotage dam it! (8+ down) ???
As long as they lived in Puerto Rico they were brave americans with second class citizenship, no representation in congress, and no power to vote for their Commander in Chief.  Make the best of their memory, take care of that injustice for the living folks in Puerto Rico.

On this day of prayer, we do remember all those effected and their families. Thanks Vice President Pence.
Thank you  
Thanks Vice President. 
Thank you for those kind words.
Thank you VP. God bless you. You are amazing.
I think our democracy needs some first responders thanks to you, Trump, and your colleagues. Someone lit a dumpster fire in the White House. We need to evacuate and install better stewards of our democracy.  #BlueWave
The movement is called Restart and it  is led by Seyed Mohammad Hosseini. We ask you to support us to change the current cruel government of Iran
, if you give funding for a military strike to the Mujahideen, you will be responsible for dividing Iran.
Puerto Rico is a Hellhole and has been since the hurricane.  Many people are still without electricity.  Trump’s a billionaire and does nothing for the Hispanics of this nation.
Oh brother. You can’t be serious. Since when is PR important to your terrible administration. You’re despicable.
Prayers? Again with the selfish lazy cowardly placebo
So sad! Would love to see you this weekend at the Air show at McGuire AFB



#GodBlessourtroops #AMEN
We have pledged, we have bled, we have prayed and we have died for this country, our country.  Help us become the 51st state.  
Watch out for Pena! She’s out to destroy your family!
Keeping all those affected by thks tragedy in our prayers!
Very sad to hear that news.

Much like VP Pence said our prayers go out to the families & to the airmen who served their country well.
Thank VP, my hero's don't wear capes. They wear uniforms, and bravely put their lives on the line so that others may live free, and in peace. Thoughts and Prayers go out to those involved.
Prayers? Why didn't your God prevent this crash and the death of these people?
Pence you have showed America just how low you are when you praise an unlawful Arpaio....Your a disgrace to the office you occupy

Still pretending to be president.
What is going on with all these military crashes lately?

Lots of aircraft going down.  I would check for traitors in every trade that touched the aircraft. LIBERAL TRAITORS would be my first guess.
Research #qanon
Yet, you still enable trump.
She's mother, working women in service to the http://USA.As  a DEM,looks like you have a Problem with that.Par for the course, DEMS are Hypocritics when it comes to Women's issues ie Hillary not getting rid of a Campaign Staffer for putting unwanted moves on women staff.
“Wrong thread Fred” is now your new twitter name. Change your profile now!
Now we áre americans!
To all the families who lost a loved one please accept a vets condolences,you are in my prayers. Thank you for your service.
Pray for our community and for the families of these 9 airmen. It was a heart breaking day.

Our Nation mourns... RIP the airmen of the 156th AW from the Puerto Rico Air National Guard.

Maj Jose R. Roman Rosado
Maj Carlos Perez Serra
1st Lt David Albandoz
SMSgt Jan Paravisini
MSgt Jean Audriffred
MSgt Mario Braña
MSgt Victor Colon
MSgt Eric Circuns
SrA Roberto Espada
Thought & prayers & no action. That is the modern GOP. Let’s get people in office that will make changes. Clearly the majority in power now thinks thoughts and prayers stop military accidents, mass shootings, terrorism, violence, etc. maybe the wall would have saved these lives?
Amen
May they Rest In Peace. May their dependents find succor and closure. On the economy may you realize that America will gain a helluva lot by redesigning the $100 bill.
God Bless Our Military! My husband was five min. From The exact spot the plane went down! It is a Miracle there was no cars in the area because it is Always busy there! God Bless America!
That airship was too old!!
TY Mr. VP! We are praying with You!

Your thoughts and prayers don't extend to Puerto Rico.
Dear @VP
It's time to pay attention to millions of young and intelligent Iranians who are part of the largest opposition movement ever to face Iran's government.
GOD bless you  Vice President!
The more US soldiers die at home, the more children will remain alive in other countries
We will pray for you too.
Людей невинных  погибших всегда жаль....Царствие им небесное!Примите от имени Беларуси и России соболезнования семье...Господь с ними!Не жаль только врагов и убийц,как говорят, туда им и дорога!
. @VP But if there happened to be a non American on board, they get nothing, not even thoughts and prayers?

In other words, minion, why was it necessary to specify Americans? People are people.

I hope there is a god so you'll burn in hell. Barring that, you can burn on earth.
good morning sir
Thank God you didn't say our prayers. I feel like such an evil person but I can't help it I don't want Pence to pray for anybody but I am glad he conveyed his condolences that's more than Trump did .
You will remain in ours prayers:(
I'm thinkin' QRS-11 'til somebody shows me different
Prayers.

So sad may God bless everyone on board and their families
Be honest with people who about who you are,what you want,and how you expect to be treated,standards only scare off the people not meant for you.Well Done Vice-President.


May They RIP   AMEN
You're a bigot.


THE MAN WAS FOUND GUILTY OF CRIMINAL CONTEMPT OF COURT!!! https://twitter.com/NBCNews/status/991448021169852417 …
VICE PRESIDENT MIKE PENCE!! U.S. AIR FORCE CRASH VICTIMS, PLEASE ACCEPT MY SINCERE CONDOLENCES

Thank you for your kind words Sir. Savannah is my home town and even though my wife and I are in Laredo, Tx our hearts, thoughts, and prayers go home to our savannahians and thoughs brave men and women who died today. God has nine more angles in heaven TODAY.
First time you've said a fu**ing thing about PR in MONTHS...
Pray for their families, May God Rest your souls.
No need to get that cozy. Your a leader not a Hallmark card store

Control your boss, comply with your oath of office for a change!
amen to that Mr Vice... Their books of life are now forever in the HOLY CITY... I know its heartbreaking... but they are now free.. Its you now that has to keep your book of life clean and pure..
How much money do you get to play President?
c-130 Weapons transfer_  Image  same the profile for me < 
I want to put the presidential plane ? 
Thank you !!
Mr Vice President  !
They better hope they don't get sick as first responders because the GOP will let them die. Ask any 9/11 first responder.
Why does the Penis Pencer's left arm sway back  and forth when he talks? 

What else goes back and forth?
Mr Vice. This worries me.  How much longer? How many more?
GOD BLESS THEM ALL and their families they left behind.
’s
Hey Dicksmack:
Piszcie po polsku. Te gnoje rozumieją po polsku. Piszcie tym gnojom że Polskę maja w dupie. Najważniejszy pomnik też ma w dupie.
Prayers

A co z pomnikiem.
Why are so many military air vehicles crashing recently? What's going on
Your tweets are all the same. They are sounding meaningless and lies. They are all the same. It is a shame it happened and I could not imagine a loss to there spouse and or family. This is tragic. I hope it's not a mechanical failure.
This happened over 7 hours ago & you’re just now saying something?
Praise for the sherrif and the NRA ?  Hypocrisy
Pence dirty corrupted. Sure he claims to be Christian very unassuming just like Indiana. What’s its motto ? The pizza state ?
Reagan, served United States of America for be like as you sometimes...Reagan:Lady Oscar:Steve
Sad
 prayers 


Condolences to the families, probably a mechanical failure service issue.I flew in a C-130 x2.
WELL THEN GET OFF YOUR DEAD ASS AND GO THERE

if U R sincerely sorry about their loss, how could you be warmongering about Iran responding to orders from your masters; AIPAC & Netanyahu?
Your Tweet was a last response

The budget cut from the previous administration are still rippling through the aviation community. Will take awhile before it gets better. Many flights need to be grounded until the maintenance hours catch up.
Hope their OK
Hmmmm all deceased.....crash......????
you mean the only sect of america that wasnt nazi's in world war 2.

several States, as provided in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the submission hereof to the States by the Congress. AMENDMENT XIX The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State
