Pray for yourself too while your at it. Gonna be a heavy load to bear after 2018 elections and an impending impeachment 
You r ridiculous. U think trump should be impeached bc he wasn’t your choice. Not that he committed a crime. Collusion isn’t a crime if he did. Zero evidence of collusion.
6 bankruptcies, 3 wives (cheated on each) screws open stars, 2,000+ and counting lies since he entered office. Keep dreaming slapdick
Wow lol. You think your are pissing me off by insulting me lol think again bud. And what he did before his presidency is none of anybody’s bissness but his and his family. And I bet you can’t tell me 3 if his lies. And show proof. I’m waiting.

Wow. Lol. It’s all biased. None of that is fact. It’s their opinion just as it’s your opinion. Find factual evidence that’s he’s lied about everything a creditable evidence.
Emmanuel
We believe in God that she will be cured
If death is a cure, then yes. Of all the Bushes, Barbara was my favorite.
I’ve got a soft spot for Jeb. He’s just so adorable. #pleaseclap
Your prayers are empty as you have no soul.
500 followers?  How much are they paying you to exercise your natural ability to be a #fu*%boy?
You probably do it for free, huh?
You sleazebucket.  You have no soul.
Says the trumpbot! Lol!

You should pray for all the poor women you forced to get back alley abortions.
poor mike praying does nothing
Oh you poor thing if you believe that, my heart goes out to you @JMayronne!
save your heart for someone else
Lol. Sad sack!!  Lol
Your prayers means jack shit
Pray for the country.
Guess you have a problem
Yes
Keep praying for yourself and the other traitor in the Whitehouse, You need it more
Don’t forget to pray for @MichelleObama & entire @BarackObama Family...they’re really close friends to the Bush’s and started praying way before you thought to #tweet it Mikey Pence!

Maybe you & Donny should visit the Bush family for a Photo Op that would cost #taxpayers $$$$$$$
So sad no respect for anything
Very disrespectful.
Us also and say a prayer for the mixed up lady who is needing more money  poor little porn star
I pray they will all repent and turn their hearts to Christ.  All of us need Jesus/Yeshua.  "Marvel not that all mankind, yea, men and women, all nations, kindreds, tongues and people, must be born again; yea, born of God, changed from their carnal and fallen state..."
Thou shalt not lie, "Peter" Mike
I always thought she was a very good woman.
More than Trump’s doing.
Garbage!  Prayers for you, Mrs Bush, VP AND President Trump!
Spoiler: Trump doesn’t care
And then????
Prayers do nothing for people.  They only make you feel better about yourself.
VP Mike Pence: I pray everyday for you and your family and your extended family and the same of course for our President.  For your protection.  Please keep your hearts true and worthy of our trust in you.  I pray to The Almighty God that our land will be healed.
So thankful for a leader that knows and acknowledges God.
Which one?? There are thousands
Can God hear you in that closet...? 
You are just a sick individual.

So, you are admitting that you are a sick individual? You can't afford help? We can find some for you.
@Luciano09480407

Me also Mrs Bush was a great first lady
Praying in agreement with you Brother in Christ VP...
They are in my prayers too.
Thoughts & prayers for the Bush family 
#VP Please help the people of English #CAMEROON, help #AMBAZONIA, Help #FreeSouthernCameroons. STOP THE GENOCIDE AND CIVIL WAR IN ENGLISH CAMEROON. PLEASE SIGN  CONGRESS RESOLUTION 718 !! CRYING!!
Great! I'll speak to a box of rocks then, and this way we can both achieve equal results.
Prayers for the entire BUSH Family.
Prayers for all.
Prayers are a waste of time, if they worked we would not need doctors or nurses
Why? If you are true believers then, she is going to the greatest thing ever. You have no say in the matter. I.e. John 3:16
Sending prayers for Barbara Bush and family.  May God wrap his comforting arms around them.
as you result in your heart to pray God throu our Lord, may the Lord remenbers you vice Presidence PENCE
You're both hypocrites with your fake religion and support of trump!
TRUMP THE PORNO KING ...We just went at it like she just didn't exist.' Former Playmate reveals she had sex with Donald Trump in front of her friend during a steamy six-month affair while his then-fiancée Marla Maples was pregnant with  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5614141/Playmate-says-six-month-affair-Trump-Marla-Maples-pregnant-Tiffany.html …

TRUMP THE PORNO KING ...We just went at it like she just didn't exist.' Former Playmate reveals she had sex with Donald Trump in front of her friend during a steamy six-month affair while his then-fiancée Marla Maples was pregnant with  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5614141/Playmate-says-six-month-affair-Trump-Marla-Maples-pregnant-Tiffany.html …

That was fast! 
Amen
She's getting those good anti-gay prayers today.
Back when we had presidents and first ladies who actually liked and respected each other
A lot better leadership than we currently have that's for damn sure
You should. Barbara Bush was a model First Lady - now we have a porn model First Lady. #WorstPresidentEver #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpTraitors #GOPComplicit #TrumpLies #ProtectMueller
Amen. A great FLOTUS devoted to her husband and family
That's sweet
Prayers sent for a wonderful lady.
If bush jr had knowledge ahead about 911 implosions+ and sr new about the sellout of the USA to a nwo!...they all new. Respect no traitors.
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/VP/status/985681621419548677 … (Ranked 9th for Apr 15.)
Such a sweet lady. So sad at the end of her life she has to witness your destruction of her party and this horrific leadership. Don't cause her any more pain.

Those empty & useless  #ThoughtsAndPrayers will sure help!  
Wouldn’t it be better to #Resign with your @POTUS & make America a better place for #BarbaraBush and her grandchildren? 
#bluewave2018
More empty words ... White Noise from this corrupt administration.
Prayers for the matriarch of the Bush family !!
Does vice pence do cases of inshipment?
Prayers
God doesn’t listen to haters
Barbara Bush is a great role model for all women. I'm not a fan of her husband or sons, but she is so humble...so gracious. Hope she feels better , soon. Prayers...
Amen 
Dear Mr. Vice President,
I am praying for you and your family, Jesus said “Blessed are they who are persecuted for the sake of righteousness, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.”  Those who are not being persecuted in some way for living out their faith might have “sold out”.
We all know you, the botsthat follow you, the NRA & the GP are tweeting thoughts & prayers.  It means so much to all of us, especially the evangelicals who tweet about the similarities between Jesus & the trump family.
So are we 
Pro Tip: Next time you see POTUS, remind him to bow his head for a few seconds so he looks as though he cares. You can remind him that he doesn't have to actually pray as long as he keeps his eyes closed. He can think about Big Macs or his next round of golf, if that helps.

Leave the Bush's alone. Wasn't your administration trashing that family last month?

Don't you have some contraceptive company kickbacks to deposit in your off shore bank account?
You know, the $$$ that swayed your "anti-abortion" stance?
1987 Vice President George H.W. Bush and Family Official Christmas Card
Barbara Bush
Embossed Vice President's seal
Esto, es lo que hace un verdadero gobernante DIOS lo siga usando!!! This is what a true ruler does, GOD continues to use his life!!!
I cast dispel magic 
Your prayers fizzle 
Roll saving throw
And amazingly Mr. Trump had been so busy decimating the world he hasn't bothered to mention Barbara Bush.   What an un-kindhearted man, only caring about the Big D.  Maybe you can explain empathy to him with crayons?
We agree in prayer with you.  Thank you for being our president’s right- hand man - you are the finest VP this nation has ever had.
Prayers and thoughts lying hypetcrit
#LadiesLoveBigNads
Prayers for all. Bless Barbara bush

Save some for yourself.
And you are gonna celebrate Syrian killings.
You know it come  but false  we doesn't have any choice
Have you heard what Mrs Bush has said about that scumbag Trump?  She is s great American. I suspect she’s fine without your and Mother’s thoughts and prayers. 
I saw this sticker on my last trip to DC!

Let’s hope those thoughts and prayers are as effective as this for murdered gun victims.
Why? I can't have her image invade my beautiful mind.
What are you praying for, she is dying and doesn’t want anymore medical intervention?
Not at all.  It’s very enjoyable.
Your agenda is so anti-Christian. You really expect us to believe your prayers are genuine?
Thank you for your thoughts and prayers for Barbara Bush and the Bush family. They are all beloved here in Houston. I will always remember her scoring the baseball games that she attended.
No you aren’t. Your historical record doesn’t support that statement or concern.
Hey sniper they got hit in the Leggett Panama for the cabin I feel so foolish I done the rest nearly so close that I could touch them and all man himself even over at OPEC have you got my mountain of financial straightened out yet#$$^
Yes God bless her and her family ..i heard pres.Trump don't laugh please read this

Thanks Mike keep the reinforcements coming :  For Trump your a anchor
Sir I need a contract and my reward funds I have not received please I would like to come to Langley or Dc or Vegas perm last destination please this is my wish for god bless
I think she wants to be left alone.
As if Barbara prays for anyone except her own. Yawn.
Then Peter remembered the word the Lord had spoken to him: "Before the rooster crows today, you will disown me three times."

Imagine when "Peter" Pence tries to get into heaven and God says "dude, you just ignored me and enabled everything Trump did".
What happened to Barbara Bush?
Hey Mister the vice President Mike Pence. I write you from DRC in Africa telling the USA's government that our population is suffering because of the lack of responsible Leaders in DRC. Van you help US before we die? Thanks a lot.
Amen
in meditation too @POTUS @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
without doubt; may God cradle them all in His arms.
Well considering... I guess you would.  Sick
Sounds like fun. Count me out.
Sending prayers
Mr Pence, you scare me.
Barbara Bush is a woman of integrity!  I pray for HER as well.  Playing sycophant lap dog for 2 years...NO INTEGRITY SADLY.
the rest of Americans are praying Trump gets impeached
What's going on?
Her name is “Karen” I thought it was “mother”

Still with the ineffective selfish praying to the imaginary friend in the sky....
You should also pray for our country. We have an incompetent crook in the WH.
Prayers going up.
Praying for Mrs.Bush
Karen's name is Mother

God answers prayers & His angels are on guard /Amen
May the Bush Family receive the strength and comfort that surpasses ALL understanding as they extend the love Mrs. GHW Bush needs during this traumatic experience.

Much love and prayer,
Mrs. Felicia C. Williams


we pray all three of you join nancy reagan in hell

"Thoughts & Prayers" (It's COMPLICATED)
Lol why? They are old news.
Prayers for Barbara Busch and family
en mode automatique ?
As if that will help!
Yes, I asked God to protect YOU tonight while you sleep!!!
Yeah nice one Mike, I’m doing nothing too 
What happened?
Why isn’t AG, resenstein, Ray, ore, lynch, comey, brought to jail?
R. Lee Ermey RIP
FUCKing american satanists))) praying fr Sirya ? incest geek)))
You have seriously been terminated and court-martial and is awaiting pickup and The Godly investigation and intelligence agency of the establishment of the United States presidency president chambers of commission establishment of laws and Homeland and protection
##PeaceisBetter
Prayers.
Fake thoughts and prayers....
I'm also praying for the Bush family
Thank You Mr. Vice-President.
You're praying for evil people.
Not me.
#Pleasehelp #Veteranfamily #inneed #8monthspregnant
May the Almighty God answers all their prayer request.

please listen to steve pieczenick, alex jones. there were no chemicals in syria-ita a false flagg- steve pieczenick just came from there- they are going to do a false flag in Iran. Trump has been manipulated and compromised-listen- this is an emergency-i hope you arent NWO
You should be praying for yourself! That you stay out of jail, and don’t get pulled into the Mueller investigation! #traitormikepence

Joining you in prayer for this special lady
I love your Godly spirit VP, My arms crossed too.
She is a special lady

Prayers from here also. 
God Bless them and you Vice President Pence!
I don’t think G-d hears the prayers of intentional sinners, so you and mother are at a loss here. #yousuck
Just prayers? What about your thoughts? Oh yeah, that is the stock phrase reserved for mass murder demonstrations of 2nd Amendment rights....
I’m sure you’re praying you’ll be president soon too
You mean Mother?
You forgot to say POTUS told me to say:...
Ok then.
Amen!!!
You're a good man, Vice President Pence sir! GOD BLESS you sir!
