Did you tell the Taoiseach all about your religious freedom act you signed into law while you where Gov of Indiana?  Did you also tell the Taoiseach  about how you support using federal funds for conversion therapy?
Oh yes, I was just thinking about how uncomfortable it must have been for Leo to have to spend time someone who is so anti-gay rights. I hope he got to speak to Pence about gay rights for just a little bit.
I read that and I also read that supposedly he wouldn't pose with Leo for a picture, poor Leo! Pence is not the man of any thinking American! We are so embarrassed by him and Trump. Leo is in my hometown of NYC, he'll be able to speak his peace here and be welcomed warmly.
He's the worst and on behalf of sane Americans I apologize to the world about him, Pence, his daughter and the rest of the lunatics in his admin we are working diligently to make these fools don't stay in office long. Don't hold Trump against us come and visit NYC!
You might as well take over hosting honors. No one in The White House knows how or will do it.
So why da f*ck do American evangelicals celebrate the catholic patron saint of Ireland!?
We support Ireland's Nation - They are very close as to spirit of Norman/Cossack
http://azov-academy.ucoz.org/publ/stati_i_nauchnye_publikacii_articles_science/u_kazakov_osobennaja_stat_v_ikh_budushhee_nuzhno_verit/3-1-0-364 …
Pack your bags. You might be next!

They/we were once immigrants that were stigmatized and believed to be taking Americans' jobs. But we didn't build a wall blocking Ellis Island.
No, not all. The Irish had to go through Ellis Island to get their paperwork stamped and they went through hell for it, but they built a lot. I know. I live with one who has come from that generation and he's proud of our prez and vp.
Hey maybe let him know that lunch was purchased by the American taxpayer, while in the meantime homeless vets are still waiting for promises to be fulfilled. Don’t worry about urgency or anything, enjoy your lunch.
Yaaaaaaawn!!!
These commenting on here are a bunch of sickening weird people

You mean Immigrants Mike?

Why not an African breakfast since u put it out there
Because he agrees with #RagentOrange and calls them #ShitholeCountries.
Laugh Now Cry Latter Everybody Gets Day In The Sun
believe me when I say this...No Irish person is happy seeing Trump celebrate St. Paddys day. Americans just embarrass us.
Why don't you go to a country where you wouldn't have to be embarrassed?
lol
Was your special friend also at breakfast?  Mother is getting upset
Mikey... You ever been to a Turkish bath?
Mikey.... do you like gladiator movies?
How does Mikey like his oysters?
Shaved. With a big salami on the side
Was there any conversation of the benefits of Gay conversion therapy?
We will never know, as he closed the lunch, no press. And that’s a disgrace
And we, the tax payers are picking up the dime
Any mention of stopping a wind farm?
No but that would’ve been a good idea.
Beautiful country being ran brilliantly
I hope Leo gave you some shit about your homophobia and misogyny. I wonder how you could look him in the to be honest! #MarriageEquality #repealthe8th

Happy St. Patrick’s Day. If you’re of Irish descent - as I am - and you’re screaming about merit-based immigration, do yourself a favor and go to the library. 

…
Will be in Boston in August don't forget my invite Mike #StPatricksDay
Beats the hell out of any Democrat!
#CorruptGOP
#DRAININGTHESWAMP #MAGA2018

All Irish hate you. Keep your sick paws off of our holiday!!
Saw #VP Mike Pence, former Great Governor of the State of Indiana, in Versailles, Kentucky at #Morethanabakery.  MR. PENCE, you Sir are pure Inspiration, your life, your mission, your Family, and now Vice President of the USA.  #POTUS45.  May you enjoy a great #StPatricksDay SIR!
Unfortunately, the Taoiseach is trying to turn Ireland muslim.
Gays and all, Mike!

Beautiful Ireland and friendly, lovely people. God bless Ireland and Happy St Patrick’s Day. 
Happy St Patrick’s Day!
What I would do while Bonespur decimates a democracy is talk about parties and St. Patrick’s day. That’s what I would do as second in command.
I can't wait to see who you  invite to breakfast on 16th of September to celebrate and marvel Mexico's lasting mark on America and the American people.
"I believe there's no such thing as a conflict that can't be ended.  They're created and sustained by human beings. They can be ended by   human beings. No matter how ancient the conflict, no matter how hateful,  no matter how hurtful, peace can prevail." George J Mitchell
"Happy 17th of Ireland" "Grand Shamrocks at the White House 2018" enjoy the Brackens on Sonoma Mountain this Saint Patrick's Day EGBing
U2 - Beautiful Day - Top Of The Pops - Friday 6th October 2000

You are so gay.
I'm so sorry for the things people say on your posts. We support you @POTUS and @VP !
God bless you all!
Pence still gets tingles around some men. He wants to be ass-rammed by nub dicked Trump.


Mother do you think she’s good enough for @realDonaldTrump?
You will go down in history as an utter embarrassment who supported and protected a self-admitted sexual predator. YOU did NOTHING to PROTECT the American people who trusted and voted for you
#IllegitimateVP
#RussianPuppet

https://www.themaven.net/theintellectualist/news/pence-didn-t-allow-cameras-into-his-meeting-with-ireland-s-gay-pm-O-CtSCE2ZU6qVd_6mOs2bA … #StPatricksDay2018 #stonewall

Hope he reminded you, we were immigrants too!
I thought the Irish had to go through legal status first, when they came in through Ellis Island? They didn't swim to get here, did they?
Ireland is an LGBT-sanctuary. Gay marriage was made legal in Ireland before America and now has allowed conversion therapy (aka torturing gay people) which is someone you love.
He is not Irish he is an Indian.
Did you own up to hating immigrants and not wanting them to come here?
"Watch you silver Mikey, you know how those Irish are. Probably funded by ISIS."

A lovely gay man honored you by sitting at your table and treating you graciously even though you don't deserve his respect.
Best VP Ever
Karen looks amazing. So good. Love her
Why so much fuss over the Irish vs British?
Except then you have to honor immigration, could you be any more clueless?
Yes Pence.
No fake media.
No Noko.
So why did you ban the press from attending? 

Was it because you knew he was going to talk about gay rights and you're just a little bit uncomfortable with that idea?
So you didn't try to convert him; well, that's something I suppose. Honestly, I'm surprised you did this given your PROVEN hatred of gay people. No doubt you and the wife will bathe in Purell later.
Why did you BAN the media from this event? Are you too scared to be challenged by the openly gay Irish prime minister in front of reporters?
wtf who? Ireland has a non Irish President?
He is Irish he was born and bread in Ireland his father is Indian and his mother Irish.
that ain't irish
Collins must be rolling over in his grave. Pearse as well.
Maybe Pearse but sure Collins would have got over it he was a pragmatist. 
fought all that and died to have non Irish elected president. No wonder Ireland is losing its faith. sigh
@BryanJOBrien How is the gay rights thing going for you?


#goodmorning  #subscribe https://youtu.be/vpmCoinm4Qg  #StPatricksDay #MarchBreak #Irish #luckoftheirish #GoodLuck #God be at your #front and the breeze at your back #HappyStPattysDay #green for grow, in…
Must spend majority of time praying if Pence a real Christian. Trump does EVERYTHING Christ spoke out AGAINST!! Greed-lust-lying-corruption-imprisonment of weak-murder of ENDANGERED species.  List of TRUMP SINS IS ENDLESS & not from past. Acts vile DAILY!
Wants to turn Ireland into San Francisco of Europe
Soros rainbow charities stole San Francisco from Irish and turned a paradise into a shithole.
No Irish need Apply in own country is true due to open door immigration policies
Result=STAGFLATION
@realdonaldtrump  
#StPatricksDay
There will be free speech at this St. Paddy event:
It was a joy watching the Irish PM burn the tangerine turd with this speech about the value of immigrants. 
#impeach45 #impeachVP #TrumpRussia

Did you invite Stormy
O’ really,  do some thing right for our citizens
That’s fair enough.
Thanks.
Enjoy your St Patrick’s Day.
Mother,you know "your husband's" gay,right?
Can you please just Irish Exit? Thanks.
But was he honoured????
Awesome!
Karen keep you comfortable in the presence of a gay guy?
What a shame.  Foreign dignitaries are subjected being in the presence of America’s fascists and traitors. The Trump/Putin/Pence Russiacan Party has so defiled our nation , I don’t know i it can be saved. All (R) Russiacan Party members have to be voted out. #REMOVETHERUSSIACANS
Why wasn't the media allowed to be there, #CowardPence?  Afraid that you'll get infected with "The Gay?"
I didn’t know you allowed Irish in your house.  Aren’t they a scary minority to you & Trump regime?
BREAKING: Any Republican that doesn’t take an immediate hard stance against Russia is a traitor. They tried to penetrate our power grid. What’s next? Shutting down traffic systems, hospitals, water supply, our internet, banking systems? Wake up Congress! Protect America!
Great,I’m sure he was excited to make a 5 hour trip to have a feeble attempt at a breakfast that he could have just as well had a home.
Liar, nobody likes you
Yeah con man, remember all those Irish immigrants who blended into and made America great the same as immigrants from Asia, India, Middle East, Latin America, and elsewhere?
Glad you’re enjoying yourself while the administration crumples all around.
Why did you ban the media? LGBT+ topics were on the agenda, we have a right to know what you said. Especially because you manipulate the narrative surrounding your bigotry often.
#StPatricksDay
Please don’t come to St.Paddy’s in Savannah. Nothing political.

@SecondLady Splendid views, which is highly appreciable indeed
Nobody gives a shit about this! What we want to see is universal healthcare!!
As the VP you should know that Apple has offices in Ireland to take advantage of their tax regulations. This way Apple can save Billions of tax money owed to us tax payers.
Why should apples profits in the European Union be subject to US tax ?
@VP Mike Pence’s Tweets are one of two things: He’s either “saddened” or “honored.” He comes across as cold and robotic, which is most likely the essence of his personality. This man should not be in a leadership position. Clearly he has no empathy, feelings or heart.
BEAUTIFUL pictures. 
And the Donald can just make up figures about trade deficit/surplus with Ireland too...
Pogue Mahone.
What
Surprised you're so excited, given that Varadkar is openly gay and you have this weird hate boner for the LGBT+ community.
@vp @SecondLady Good Morning, Happy Friday, & Happy #StPatricksDayEve Glad you, @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS & @campaignforleo had a nice day at the @WhiteHouse yesterday. Prayers you & your family have a wonderful & safe weekend...God bless! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Love the Irish. Early St Patrick’s Day to all.
Except for the MAGA-crowd, Trump and all his cronies. Those privilaged anglo-saxon don't realise that Irish people were treated like crap by the America First people before attacking the Japanese, Mexicans and Muslims.
Where are those who always talks about human rights ?!! Kids in #Afrin have been genocided by terorist #Erdogan  and turkish army with its groups of terorists in #Syria
save #Afrin 
#StopAfrinGenocide
Wish you had shown Christ’s compassion and empathy for Parkland victims.
Fake news
How much whisky did you drink? Hopefully some of it was American made. #Irish Breakfast
Happy St Patrick's Day.  God bless you and your family.
Mike and Karen are part of the most disgusting Republican Party history has ever known, and they blasphemously use the Lord.
My name is Irish but genetics say I’m 60% German but whatever gonna be a good st Patrick’s day

Your minds live in dark places. God opens blinded eyes.
You are complicit @VP. History will not be kind.
And Miss Pinocchio look into my eyes can you see where I give a damn
And all this time I thought her name was "Mommy".
My grandson loves ST patties day
It's st paddys not patties
TKS Chris the world is so much better now.

May the road rise to meet you
May the wind be ever at your back.
You and Karen are disliked intensely
For kissing up to that Lying Sack.
Did you make eye contact?
You know.... They were laughing at you behind tour back.
I enjoyed listening to a world leader who speaks in complete sentences and like an adult. Thanks PM Varadkar!
I’m pretty sure the majority of the Irish people detest you.
As an Irish person I can confirm your assumption
Did I tell u I am Irish Catholic Hoosier 
#Trump has failed to speak out against Russia because he’s involved. Putin owns Trump this is clear, as long as #PutinsApprentice is allowed to stay in #WhiteHouse he’ll disrupt and fragment the West just as #Putin instructed him to do. How did Trump survive 2008? #StPaddysDay

Did you know the Irish people think gay people should have equal rights and not be tortured or hanged?

Maybe evil pence could learn something.
Oh ... you're still talking?!?
Not America, USA! America is not USA, USA is just à country on the America continent. Thank you.
“The Americas”comprise the totality of the continents of North & South America;& the USA is a country on the N.American continent.(This in NOWAY is me sticking up for POS Pence)so”America”(aka United States of America)is geo&geopolitically correct for country
FAKE CHRISTIAN
Please pray for poor and love the poor and save the poor
Hey Mickey, the White House is not Trump's home and Number One Observatory Circle isn't yours. It is the people's, we own it and you are only a resident at Number One Observatory Circle, at our pleasure and that pleasure is quickly running down.


You support the Trump Crime family. You are complicit and have betrayed your oath. #Resign
Nice to see. #GodBless
What was the Irish Breakfast menu! I would love to fix one!
Hello, Mother.
Was your wife afraid for you to be alone with him, afraid he may seduce you?  Or you him?
@TaoiseachVaradkar came to visit the worse country right now
MORRON @realDonaldTrump The emperor that has no dignity, has nothing at all. Worse President ever #Canada @JustinTrudeau #TheResistance
How nice! Beautiful wreath!  Happy St. Patrick’s Day! 
Want to know more about pactrick.
So many of the Irish were illegal aliens in our country. No papers, no documents, some of them bad hombres but look at the lasting mark they have made on America. Yet the Irish were the cause of all the problems in the US back then. Imagine that!

The white male evangelical Christian Hate Party despises women and children almost as much as it hates minorities & LGBT, almost.  Women and female children can. Still breed.
I'm Irish and I'm cringing.
How embarrassing!!!

Yeah enjoy those digs now mr. pants. You and mother won't be living there too long because Miller's going to take down the entire corrupt administration of which you are part. God bless you sir

Mueller Not A Hoax
@VP
Dude!  You are going to prison.
Please need help was trained #SeeSomethingSaySomething found info on internet Memorial weekend reported to @DHSgov no response but #Covfefe from @realDonaldTrump Need truth of coverup death of Jorge Coyuga Marine Barracks 8th&I Bco2ndplt 1986 no funeral or burial just disappeared
YOU ARE LEAVING! #CorruptGOP
U have failed your moral obligation to God and Country You are a phony Christian that only uses your faith like a buffet to justify your bigoted personal views
If your faith was a true conviction than Trumps actions I.E. Adultery Greed Pride Envy & Lust would be offensive to you!
The People need more information out the VP office.... Pence is a natural leader use his talent please.
Happy St Pats @VP n 2nd Lady
Nothing says “meaningless bullshit” like a while shitload of ‘em!
