A great man!!
He will be dearly missed, BUT he is home now!!!!   
Yes aka away from politics so that he can never advocate for nuking anyone ever again
Your indictment is coming soon. Be patient!
Thank you for honoring a great man of God!

Billy Graham preached about the evils of communism to make a name. Preaching about Jesus took a back seat. He lived the good life on tax free donations. He was just another man!
We will miss him dearly!
Why don't you follow Grahams lead and keel over!
You and Mother?
Good riddance to a bigot and a religious zealot.
Hopefully you will make the journey next.
With all respects to Billy Graham had to use this Twitter feed because there are six other Mike Pence's, that said how would Billy Graham and or yourself respond to the McDougall,
And or the story pornstar revelations of our president? There seem to be more than 2. At what point will you disavow yourself from the life of Donald Trump and his hedonistic lifestyle?
Most impressive sir
Two great statesmen honoring late Rev BG.
"A tree is known by the fruit it bears." @GOP fruit is rotten to the core as you serve your god $$$.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @VP @SecondLady Thank you for paying such homage and respect to a great minister of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, the late Reverend Doctor Billy Graham. I’m sure I join @Franklin_Graham and his family in expressing gratitude. God bless you.
The First of the Prosperity pseudo-christians...bilking the public and cherry picking the Bible. Bro Billy is finding his new location a tad warm.
That was very disrespectful to a man who lived a modest lifestyle to help get followers thru life and heal many hearts you sir don't KNOW anything about the Bible so why are you judging this Righteous man now in Heaven with his Saviour Jesus Christ
Please remember you are not allowed to be left alone with women or copses.
Disgusting...
i feel terrible for your wife that she is exposed to trump

Mike tell Mr President he doesn’t need to be talking about violating someones 2 amendment rights with out due process.
And exactly how is he doing that and dont give me that bullshit claim of the 21 age limit or banning bump stocks violating the 2nd amendment which seems to be misused by so many on the right wing lately
@VP Death to you

Billy Graham was anointed by God. We need another spiritual leader like him today. This world is lost.
@Luciano09480407 Onoranze ha un grande della fede
Build the Wall! End Chain Migration! End Visa lottery! No Amnesty for Illegal aliens! Deport all Illegals! End DACA | We the People: Your Voice in Our Government http://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/build …
Ok? And an actual US citizen DID shoot & kill people in a school. If she is guilty, she won't be on DACA anymore. DACA recipients can't have so much a minor misdemeanor to be eligible. NEXT.

Source?  And plenty of natural born pricks do this.
Why advertise to your brethren?
Seems to be some rightwing fake news site. I can't find any other sources verifying these events.
We all know that we have been kept in the dark about the massive criminality of the illegals! These child rapists, drug dealers & mirderers just freely come into our Country & commit crimes with a slap on the wrist! Everyone should be outraged!
It's murderers.  I believe they go to prison.
God bless you mr. president and mr. vice president the Honor and the glory is for the Lord
The money is all BG and Friends wanted!
Y’all are the best  love & prayers to you all.  He will be missed
Yeah all that money he bought in helped the few that worked with him. Now Ithey have to get a job!
Really,  when are you going to understand that in this country separation of Church & State IS a MUST BE. We are expecting locking you up for treason. Your presidential are ilegit, every  appointed court judges in this administration should be reverse.

Lolz
You need to go back to your own Country an fix it HANNITY is a man with principals and out to help our President get a fair shakefrom Liberal  snowflakes like you to help make AmericaGreatAgain
That's appropriate. There are two common items. #Watergate & trumpgate
Billy Graham has no right to have his viewing in the Capitol. This is ridiculous.
any sanctions for Russia coming? the bill was signed into law in August 2017!

I wonder why I always feel there is so much dishonesty about Pence’s twits. He comes across as very fake.
Sorry, but let's face reality. Religious views have been bad for mankind. Just look at the Middle East. It's unhealthy for the human mind to believe in ancient texts that were written by primitive humans who thought the Sun revolved around the Earth. Basic common sense @billmaher
Are you worried that Mueller doesn't want to talk to you yet?  Can't wait to hear about how you call Bubba daddy in your cell
Another con man is dead!
개인적으로 #뉴스타운 TV -안정권의 전라도가 전러도를 말한다는 -=직접 현대사로서 교과서에 실릴 내용이며 반드시 그렇게 해야합니다 
오늘 이시점에 -#안정권실장님은 가장 중요한 얘기를 합니다 
#가족해체-오원춘 =문창극이 모든 수단 방법을 동원한 -가족 해체입니다 
물론 여기에 저도 걸려들
Pence Hypocrisy
Aren’t you insulated from the rest of America, lil Pence?

But as a proud son of a Vietnam veteran a 23-year service and a mother who had 10 years service as long as I'm alive I'm not going to let it fall I will do whatever it takes to keep this country one nation under God I will be running in 2020 may God be with us all
The Democrat Party I can't believe but they're nothing but Satan's people they will never destroy this country that's why they want so many illegals in here that's the way they're going to take this country down
Rest in peace preacher mr. VP you're a Christian you know what's happened God's calling his soldiers home and we both know it's not going to get any better it was written in the Bible and it's being fulfilled every day
Your wife needs a catchy nickname, too. How about MOVPUS (mother of VP of US)?
This is news? GOP representatives do lots of lying in that building every day.
Yes in 2019 I will be the president and we will build this World together and make it a better place for everybody 
 Good evening! 
                         
               
          
                    
               
You honestly believe in your heart that God is happy with the two of you?
I for one am glad for our present President and Vice President is there to honor an honorable man.
Americans know who Billy Graham is and they know who you are!
Go eat ur chickfila and baby back ribs
We are a secular nation & tolerate all religions & keep church & state separate. U are public SERVANT & ur faith should NEVER be in our govt
FANTASYLAND!
Did u notice his coffin? Simple like he was, no frills, to the pt. Like the Holy Grail that Christ drank frm, plain, simple like the Man. I know my Mother is happy to see Billy. She was happy to die. She said "It's not every day u get to die. I get to see Jesus!" 
Yes, I always think of anti-Semitic, homophobic Billy Graham in the same breath as Civil Right icon Rosa Parks, who was the last to lie in honor at the Rotunda.
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
Constitution guarantees separation of church and state.
Totally inappropriate.
Billy Graham was a homophobic scumbag. He has stated that all homosexuals should be catrated. He is not a man of god or love. He made millions from poor followers. He should not be honored but dismissed as a hateful man.
@vp @mike_pence has something in common with @BillyGraham -- neither trusts themselves to be alone with women whom they haven't already married. #handmaidstale
Has anyone provided an explanation for why Graham "lies in honor in the United States Capitol Rotunda?" Who made this ridiculous decision?
Complicit...God doesn’t like fakers, Pence.
#MR President 
In memoriam,
pioase amintiri.

    

Thank you @VP for being a good and honest man of faith. God bless.
GO BACK & WATCH as Elected after Elected came, placing hand N Prayer on the Casket! May TODAY be the SPARK that brings HOLY REVIVAL to Congress & the NATION!
"Honor," #MikePence? What, pray tell, does your #GOPswamp know of honor?
And while God may love YOU, #NRAbloodMoneyRepublicans love the MONEY they pocket from the #GunLobby! The #RepublicanParty continues to heavily arm the nation's mass murderers. #GOPvangelicalsAgainstChrist
Too bad we couldn’t send a respectable representative. #impeachtrumpandpence
You can run but not hide
Do not besmirch Rev. Graham's legacy by connecting him to trump in any way!

Hope you will also join them in prison. Well, maybe not the ladies. But you and Donnie-No-Brains...
While you support destruction of the planet, destruction of families, destruction of our nation, destruction of women, and THIS GUY.   What would Jesus say?
WOW....... Honor a Man who devoted his life to God, and then make a statement about helping other countries of religion by killing others. So what religion is it that you follow and lead your lives by????????
You make me want to vomit because of your hypocrisy.
He is absent from the body present with the Lord Jesus Christ our King.  Billy Graham wanted each of us to accept Jesus as the Savior that atoned for our sins. And to make Jesus Lord of our lives.

How do you do it? I mean sit there knowing he has cheated so many times?  #hypocrite
Prayers
This man was a bigot and anti-semite we should not be celebrating him
Maybe you should spend time getting updated on what's going on at the white house instead of all of the parties and traveling on the taxpayers dime

As his BODY lies in state. A true believer would never phrase it the way you did.


"unaware"
He was an anti-Semitic homophobe. We can see why you loved him so much.
You and Drumpf are examples of why we need abortion.
#CreepyChristian

PENCE, THE CHRISTIAN TALIBAN SUPPORTS HIS SERIAL SEXUAL PREDATOR PRESIDENT!
Honor the legacy of this incredible nation with your immediate resignation. You are constantly covering up for a Russian operative and if people around you aren’t telling you how guilty that makes you look idk what to tell you.
You are the Devil @VP
Honoring a man that was caught on tape agreeing with Nixon's anti-semitic views! I'd rather not
So sorry! Billy can't come out to play.  He's busy for eternity
Heh Mike. I hear you are blathering about abortions again. GROW A UTERUS and then you can comment! It is 2018 get over it. #ProChoice!
I can believe all the disrespectful people out here. See America we need to pray for these lost.
Did u ask God today about assault weapons used in massacres???
Don’t mock people who believe in God or dishonor a good man. Why hate for no reason? Does hate fill vacuum in your own lives? Billy Graham was an honorable and great man that had tremendous faith in God. May he Rest In Peace in heaven.
You hypocritical fool...leave women alone!
Maybe because you are INSANE!

You put a bigot in the dirt where he belongs. Too bad you can’t join him.
you are sick person. You need to repent and be glad that God is merciful.
Stop wasting our money!
But of course you did. He was a homophobic anti-Semite, too.
And once advocated took nuke about 1 million people I believe during Vietnam.
What's that costing me and other taxpayers?

You know that your puppet boss slept with a porn star, then had her paid off so she wouldn't talk. What does Mother think about that? #VoteThemAllOut #BlueWave2018 #Enough
Perhaps it should be done in a church not the Capital Building. Separation of church and state. Give it a try sometime
Thank you!!!!
congratulations on being the first openly gay vice president
In a few months you’ll be tweeting about trump’s innocence while he’s being prosecuted. Sad to see that you’d turn your back on your country and your religious beliefs for political gain.
Will you have jesus speaking
Jesus would have loved a man who took millions of $$$ from the poor, and a country who think "god" wants them to have lots and lots of guns
He was a hypocrite, much like you.
Another hateful #FAKECHRISTIAN just like the four of you!
We are fighting evil every day it’s all around us I think God every day that Donald Trump is our president #StopTheEvil
Why the hell is this religious charlatan exploiteur getting a funeral _on state property_? This is a complete violation of the constitution.
Expecting equal time for all other religious groups, agnostics, and atheists. 
#SeparationofChurchandState
Do something that is equivalent to what Dr. Billy Graham did and you will. Until then stop your whining!
He was not a good Christian. And we will leave it at that.

A great man of God. What a blessing to be there today
No mulligans.
You are more transparent than Trump.... it actually makes me feel dirty reading your words
All those 'thoughts and prayers' not matched with life saving action - Australia and UK took action on gun safety and no mass shootings for 20 years+ after:

- semiauto ban/buybacks
- better gun checks
- illegal autos amnesty
Grifters must stick together.
and you and the orange a**hole just lie!
Billy Graham would have been appalled at how coarseness and cruelty have come to define American evangelical Christianity. I’m glad he was not able to fully comprehend what has happened to his ministry.
I wouldn't be so sure about that.

Billy Graham was an anti Semite
would you honor J.K. Rowling the same way?
Honoring a man worth $25 million who got most of his money from the poor?  No wonder this country is in such a bad way when are so-called leaders are blinded by the greed.
You and your hypocrisy disgust me. I know God is repulsed daily by your blasphemy.
Will Graham's Nixon Tape be playing on loop in the Rotunda?

God Bless @Franklin_Graham And His Family !! 
Nothing against Mr Graham but Y is he being honored this way!He was a pastor 4 Evangelist mostly!Will they honor a cardinal, a rabbi or any other religious leaders?I myself never really listened 2 him because my faith was different! Unfortunately this is just trump wanting votes!
He was a pro at mind control. I wonder if his theories about everything, pand out for him.


How expected and nauseating.  #Homophobic #HateMatters
Mike Pence: Billy Graham and Donald Trump. Shoulder-to-shoulder with the Lord. Yeah

You and your orange master are honoring a racist, anti-Semite, homophobic bigot. Yeah, that’s about right.
But not one child who was murdered! Cowards all of you! @RWPUSA @SpeakerRyan
And celebrate yor divorces and extramarital affairs while you are at it.
From one homophobe to another, right?

Why is this being done on government property? Why are we officially endorsing Christianity?
Of course, he hated gays almost as much as you.
Dishonor*
That’s great can u and Karen ask @POTUS abt the sanctions against Mother Russia??
just keep blurring the lines between church and state, what could possibly go wrong.........
You have failed your moral obligation to God& Country.
You are a Christian fraud. Your oath of office has been disregarded and are a danger to the security of our country. U knew about Flynn and Manafort and did nothing. Prove me wrong enact the Russian Sanctions! I dare you!
Fake Christians gotta stick together, right?
Wasnt #BillyGraham  an antigay rights bigot like you are #MikePence?  Am I right?
Fake emotions. All show
Lay the bodies of children shot in school shootings out in the rotunda. They deserve the honor more than an evangelist. 

This man is not a head of state.
Mr VP, your wife does us proud as well with her grace and decorum. Your keeping scripture by “avoiding the appearance of evil “ has served you well. I forget sometimes another woman is in WH holding a position like Flotus. I think it may be a deliberate thing cultivated by your
To remain in background  out of showing respect to Melanie as Flotus. Least, I see it that way, but then I wear really odd super vision glasses
Billy Graham was another pious hypocrite!
If you didn't follow what he said you were cast aside.
He was another one of those " Do as I say not as i do"
You say you know the bible put your money where your mouth is and prove it.
Fix the problem with healthcare and all the rest
Kind of sick that your in your element at a funeral service
waste of tax payers money.....@AP @Reuters
Revengelicals have destroyed the country, walked all over the constitution. Are trying to make laws to enforce Revengelical sharia on all.
how far have u gone about what we heard of building the wall,between America and Mexico
Billy’s whole life was dedicated to spreading lies. I don’t know who to thank but I’m sure thankful he’s gone. Now if we could just summons Jesus to come get the rest of you religious nut jobs...#wishfulthinking
