
Takes one......

Great Job Karen...This helps too, Bella Cheered up many cancer patients at MGH in Danvers
Does Bella, like Mother, also support revoking health care benefits for kids?  If so, fuck Bella.
Got any art supplies for the shooting victims?
You're kiddin right?
No. It is shameful that R’s didn’t extend the assault rifle ban when it expired. Also shameful that those families will be stuck with expensive hospital bills and/or funeral costs while our leaders just jet around the country tossing out thoughts and prayers.
Government funding is cut for medical research, ACA is attacked, ADA is attacked - but here is a nice box of crayons...
Does Art Therapy do anything about Russian interference?
I was wondering earlier if any of those indoctrinated High Schoolers who are protesting, have ever been taken to a Cancer Ward, a Retirement Home or a VA Function, where maybe they could've learned something Real.
I'd almost bet $$, Most of them haven't.
You're an effing evangelical hypocrite!  Art therapy - the only thing they have before death, as Trumpster cut funds to CDC and Obama's "space initiative" to find a cure. You have no "Christian" empathy as Jesus "speaks" to husband. Such hubris & arrogance for Caesar! SICK GAL!
Are you giving them crayons because your husband has taken away their government funded treatment and they are sad? Why don’t you actually help them get treatment, so their parents don’t have to go bankrupt to get them medication?  You are worthless.
While you are playing arts and crafts did you explain to the kids how you support the severe cuts to the funds that might help them survive???  Would like an answer!!!
So proud and blessed to have Mrs. Pence as our Second Lady (First in 2024).
Blessed?  We’ve got less medical coverage for kids, more gun access for people with mental problems, and even the people with mental problems can’t get treatment.  How exactly are we blessed?
How come pediatric cancer research accounts for only 5% of all cancer research? I'm sure the art helps kids but I think more funding would help them more.
Hi Karen. Asking for a friend - You have extramarital relations with a porn star AND a Playmate. Who gets paid off first?? Next question - You're beyond sanctimonious and you work for the most immoral person ever in that job? Do you resign or pretend everything's fine?
EVERYONE NEEDS A CREATIVE OUTLET TO EXPRESS THEIR GIFTS/TALENTS AS WE ARE CREATED IN THE IMAGE OF GOD AND HE IS A CREATIVE GOD!  USING WHAT GOD HAS GIVEN US IN OUR OWN CREATIVE UNIQUENESS IS ALWAYS HEALING TO THE MIND, BODY AND SPIRIT!

daaaaaamn @NYDailyNews. 
Any thoughts on what will uplift a parent who lost a child in a mass school shooting? Or don't you and your husband want to acknowledge that continuing horror in this country?
#GunReformNow 
#GunContolNow 
#NeverAgain 
#NRABloodMoney

Maybe you should tell your dear husband to tell pouts to stop cutting the ARTS then?
What an inspiring cause you have embraced! Please keep up the awareness, art therapy works wonders with kids and all people in distress! Thank you
Art doesn’t help as much as chemo, which her husband has worked to take away from poor kids.  But sure is a nice photo op!
I’ve been blessed with first class as a former staff of UIHC Iowa Children’s Hospital. They LOVED Art therapy!!
Therapy can help people fighting homophobia too!  And hatred, and religious extremism, and racism ..........

Your laughter just overflows us @SecondLady .

Love you.
What about the 17 children killed by your husband and his boss @realDonaldTrump?
Average citizen is such a gool


Universal Health Care and Paid Sick Leave would help everyone, especially these families.
Cool. Now, can you educate your husband that only action will help prevent the deaths of more children to gun violence?
@TruthSoldierz @WhiteHouse Years ago a child Did Art fighting the Cancer in his Body every day ! He got better! We only use 5%
Inactive lifestyles can lead to many other health problems. These include diabetes, osteoporosis, cancers, stroke and heart disease. ... Regular physical activity also helps to keep body weight at a healthy level, Art therapy rebuild a house
Will art therapy help the survivors of the Parkland shooting?  They are telling everyone they would rather have common sense gun laws.
oh my, bare arms? @MichelleObama was raked over the fox news coals for daring to bare her arms.
God bless them
Screw the tax cuts do something for Florida in the shooting

"They say that tougher gun laws do not decrease gun violence. We call BS!" Florida high school shooting survivor Emma Gonzalez calls on President Trump and lawmakers to tighten gun restrictions in impassioned…

Art Therapy does work but these kids could lose their medical benefits!
Nonsense
Don't look like children to me.
Fool can't even speak properly
Exclusive: Why Amazon cut hundreds of jobs https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exclusive-amazon-cut-hundred-jobs-144111501.html?soc_src=social-sh&soc_trk=tw … via @YahooFinance
#NoCredibility

Have to have good health insurance for this - your husband is destroying access to that!

#NoCredibility
Hypocrite!
School shooting vs. Art Therapy.
Go to Johns Hopkins - they do this extensively with teens.  They have a recreation room set up to get them out of bed and focused on the future.  It has made a huge difference in the teens recovery. @HopkinsMedicine #JHUChildrensHospital
Children in school need the same advantages. Put back funding for Art, Mysic and Sports appreciation
Cancer sucks Karen especially in Kids makes me sad
Mr Pence.. please have a look at this alternative to cancer cure... I believe in it... have a look please @realDonaldTrump @RealAlexJones @DRUDGE_REPORT
How about you fight also for the kids who have yet to be murdered by guns that your husband strongly supports?
Please tell me what bill did congress vote down that would have prevented the Florida school shooting? Or what would you propose we do instead of just shouting "we need change"? You arnt doing anything but causing more division by making inflammatory remarks like that
This is the first I saw anything decent come out of the WH. I despise people that pretend they are religious but they are terrible people. I don't understand how you as a normal good person can sit the same room as Trump. You will give your a bad name!
Do you know what would help them more? Universal Healthcare, but that would just be too Christian for you, wouldn't it?
Demanding a universal service (healthcare) from someone else (a doctor) would be in violation of that persons rights. Nobody should  be forced to preform a service just because you want them to. That would be immoral and unconstitutional.

oh wait Trump will take it away soon
Thank you for your leadership Karen. You are a wonderful person and a great role model for all Americans. #MAGA

NEW HEROS
Just think of all the billions of dollars was spent On illegal aliens that money could have been a cure for cancer but no illegal aliens come first in America just look at the fine young citizens lining up for their free handouts while our American children starve to death Truth
BILLIONS $$$$ on #illegalsoverAmericans @NancyPelosi @chuckschumer 

"You keep defending freedom of religion and Ill sign tax reform allowing the majority of Americans to keep more of their money"


Art Therapy and you are a wonderful diversion for these patients.  
Wonderful program. I’m inspired.
I think spending time with children in a loving way can lead to positive change in so many ways.
Laugh out loud  
If you care about our children then push gun reform. Our children are being murder and your husband is doing nothing.
Her husband is defending the WHOLE constitution, including the 2nd amendment, from liberal lunatics who want to get rid of our God given right to protect ourselves
How about a blog on how to keep radical white supremacist christian terrorists from KILLING children who attend Art Therapy in schools? 

Funny how you people allow, enable & accept DEAD BABIES in school shootings, but you have a problem with embryo/fetal termination.
It's great you lend your voice and efforts to this cause. But, you should spend some time speaking out about the moral failings of the president. Cheating on your wife with porn stars and playboy models is NOT OK. 

YOUR LACK OF CONDEMNATION MAKES YOU A 
CHRISTIAN FRAUD!
Thank you  @SecondLady for sharing!  You are a beautiful person!  God bless you!!!  #MAGA 
Special Cancer is more dangerous than Physical Cancer.
Eradicate Social Cancer through driving out the Islamic immigrants....
Great pic, Mrs. Pence. You look like you are having a good time. I am sure the children appreciate your enthusiasm.
We need overisght on vaccine safety.  The health of our kids is terrible.
This is true, it works.
