Jesus says: Pray for your President nd his family.
the real face of Islamic for
Ugh. Political pandering


HYPOCRITICAL PIECE OF SH^IT!
Go blow your husband
Fu c u n t





I didn’t know the Second Lady had her own staff.  I’d really like for someone to investigate the Child Support organization.
Nice


Visited the National Museum of African American History & Culture this morning with my staff. What a great tribute to African American life, art, history, and culture. @NMAAHC #BlackHistoryMonth
Mother looks unhappy ......so close to black people ......
okay. gonna say it. I know it's not appropriate. I love Mrs. Pence's clothes. So stylish. Great fit. I really enjoy seeing fashion that looks good on the American Woman. Don't get me wrong I love FLOTUS style and class but at 5'3-1/2" nothing she wears will ever look good on me.
#Russia #Oligarchs #MoneyLaundering #FollowTheMoney #Corruption #Nepotism @PaulManafort @GenFlynn @jaredkushner #GeorgePapadoupolis #CarterPage #RickGates #RobPorter #HopeHicks #Mueller @FBI @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @GOP @GOPChairwoman @SenateMajLdr @VP
Sounds great!!
@SecondLady @NMAAHC 
My family is coming to Washington D.C. next month for Spring Break and are hopefully going to visit the NMAAHC! Going to try for some tickets next Wednesday!
You look thrilled.







PIECE OF SH^IT!









HYPOCROTICAL PIECE OF SH^IT!


Please look at the  $2000 cap for Social Security SSI that hasn't been updated with inflation for the past 20 years
Mother, when are you going to tell @mike_pence about the & the  ? 
https://www.teenvogue.com/story/viral-abortion-tweet …
#IStandWithPP 
#WomensRightsAreHumanRights
Where is the honor month for white peoples contributions. We are all one people, stop dividing everyone. There are many nationalities who contribute great things.
Cheers
Wow, now go to the hoods of Gary and see how you can actually create some positive change with your influence for the better.
I really love your jacket Mrs. Pence. Thanks for sharing the pic. 
I'm sorry, but we hate your guts. Go away

Kool
Wow. Try to look like you want to be there.
Wonder if Mrs. Pence had to sanitize herself in the limo after visiting the African American museum?
Whoever you are ,you are a evil, racist person.
It's lovely you enjoyed the museum on your PR stunt.   You people come across as such fake Christian hypocrites.  When I pray, I pray that you are not as evil as you seem to be.  But I think you are shallow greedy, entitled, power hungry, warped fake bible thumpers. Have fun.
Surprised you weren’t struck down by lightening!
Your doing a great job Vice president Pence
Nice for you. Tell your husband to make policies that support our country’s diversity. Visiting a museum doesn’t cut it.

Field trip at taxpayer expense!!!!
Such a moving museum; a testament to the struggles that African-Americans have endured - - and continue to endure.
Its so nice having Class in the VP family again...thank you Mrs. Pence. God Bless Ma'm
WHAT WAS WRONG WITH DOCTOR JILL BIDEN?
We love you both!

If only you would have learned something.
MAGA! THANK YOU Mrs. Pence, Our Second Lady!
This feels like a publicist opportunity, especially knowing that the @WhiteHouse is in shambles because of your husband and Donald.

Who is the grumpy girl on the right in your group?
Kind of embarrassing to publicly show how white your staff is today, isn’t it?
Not embarrassing, perfectly appropriate!
We love you Second Lady Pence
Your staff!!   You dont need a staff “mother”!
Did Mrs Biden need a staff?  How about Mrs Bush?  How about Mrs Gore, Mrs Quayle, Mrs Ford, Mrs Nixon.  They all had a staff.   Why shouldn’t Mrs Pence have one?
May be she thought it would be could for the staff. I would like to see it
Would you please address the racist comments and the invitation to a known holocaust denier to #CPAC?
Squeezed it in just in time! Now you don;t have to think about black history for another 11 months.

You look really happy to be there lol.
First pic lady nearest camera, she is not a loyal employee. Saboteur
Mike Pence Argued For Criminalization Of Adultery Before Joining Trump Ticket
Praying!
Pandering much?
Thank you Mrs. Karen Pence for your wonderful public service to all Americans. You are a great role model for all Americans to follow.
Thank you MOTHER
blast poop
God bless you, you are a lovely and wonderful second lady!!
Awkward.
Curious if it bothers you, as a Christian, that your husband @VP stands next to @realDonaldTrump who has stated on tape that he likes to #grabthembythepussy and what about #stormydaniels just curious #NotMyPresident
LUKE 6:37 Do not judge, and you will not be judged. Do not condemn, and you will not be condemned. Forgive, and you will be forgiven.
It’s an honor to honor our African American culture
More vacation time. Good for you. Milk it
Thanks for your service to us. (Also can art therapy be covered by insurance?  Just thought I’d ask..)
Your husband knows that Manafort guy, doesn't he?  Will you be OK all alone while he is snuggling up with his cellmate?
Africa is huge.  Could you tell the difference between Sierra Leone,  Nigeria,  Maroco, Tunisia, Kenya, or SAR ? Or everything is in one basket?  Or you so enthusiastic about black slave culture in U.S. ? Or it is TABU to talk about it?
Nice you could afford to visit a museum. Some people can't.

Nearly 40% of African-American children living in poverty
Great, great museum!  I highly recommend!
South African
But when you arrived someone took a knee and you hightailed out of there.
@VP
Do you ever tweet about actual issues?
You are woven amidst the most racist admin in modern history: One that aligns with KKK, Nazis, e.g. thru false equivalencies via Charlottesville, highest spike in hate crimes ... you seem good hearted - how you turn a blind eye and pretend all is well, baffles me!
Just shut up
A people without the knowledge their past history,origin and culture like a tree without roots.
What about European - American museum?  What about Asian-American museum? What about Indian-American museum?  No respects to those people?
Those are museum staff, with your lily white staff, right?  

If you'd stayed until later you might have met the @warriors
Why is everyone white???
Dude you need to look again.  Put some glasses on if you need to.
Sure miss Obama
You get to hang out with Stormy Daniels much? I here she's a lot of fun to hang out with, I bet you'd have a lot in common.
Glad you could find a couple of African Americans to pose with you.

Grow-up Al.


hey boy! we dindu nuttin. let's make wakanda great.
My guess is either FBI, another FIS, or national security issue / crime is very diff

Your comment had  nothing to do with this kid,grow the fuck up.
As a Retired Marine I did know what I was signing up for in 1970.
Love and Prayers for the Trump and Pence family. Praise God for all he is doing in the Capital and throughout this Nation. God bless you, Ma'am.
Ask Jesus if he supports the murder of teenagers. Then ask Pence to do something.
It's sad the amount of hate the left has while claiming #LoveWins. What a disgrace.
AWESOME @SecondLady
Gracias Señora .....Por su amabilidad .
This is laughable for you to go a patronize the African American Community through a museum. Go to see the poverty stricken areas first.
Funny criticism from an antisemitic
And a hypocrite
