Billy Graham's ministry for the gospel of Jesus Christ and his matchless voice changed the lives of millions. We mourn his passing but I know with absolute certainty that today he heard those words, "well done good and faithful servant." Thank you Billy Graham. God bless you(2/2)
Outstanding
Who would you vote for today?
Clinton
A great loss. May his shoes be filled with one just as single minded for the Gospel of God that is completely bent on the glory of His Holy Son Jesus Christ.
My heart felt condolences to the bereaved family
please hellp me seria
Crying for our loss, but rejoicing that Rev. Graham is in Heaven with his Lord. 
Lord Republican Jesus. A false idol dear.
You don’t know nothing about his biography, I can see.
He is where I look forward to being one day.
Christ is a farce created long ago for humans to control humans.  Billy Graham was a lying   @VP
Billy Graham was a bigot. He was an ardent anti-Semite. I am sure you can relate.
How the hell you have a blue check mark.
Welcome Billy we've been waiting!
I think...no, I know Winston Smith is disrespectful, not the kind of person you'd want as a friend, and thinks in his pea-brain that others would join him in his red hot home-to-be.
I expect to be surrounded by republicans, and that will be hell for all eternity where I will suffer.
That kind of suffering looks good on you - grab your asbestos suit and spray bottle
You all know Dr. MLK Jr. was a Reverand, right?  Would any of you double-standard, hypocrite liberals mock him for his faith in the same manner you disgustingly attack Conservatives for their religious beliefs?
Don't bring politics into this moment. BOTH parties have believers of Christ in them. Let's keep this moment remembering #BillyGraham
One of the greatest Americans of the century? Really?!?!??!?
Straight to name calling. Great job! Thanks for proving my point.
Again... Thanks for showing your true colors.
So, by saying he's not a Great American, you are also calling him a name are you not?
No. I'm disagreeing that he's one of the greatest of the century. That seems a bit excessive.
It would appear that you are calling #VP a liar, and Dr. Graham a bad American, neither of which I agree with.
Disagreeing with someone is calling them a liar? And I didn't see anywhere in that tweet where he said Billy was a bad American. You just twisted that whole conversation to fit your narrative. No he was not one of the greatest of the century.
Seriously?  You haven’t said  one negative word about your boss and his unrestrained sexual activities.    And WHERE ARE THE SANCTIONS?  
He’s now at home safe in the hands of Republican Jesus
CHICKENS COMING HOME TO ROOST
He was a crook and with u saying wat u say justified he is a crook take one to no one
Well said.
Remember, man, you are but dust, and to dust you shall return.
You’re getting close to the final, better start acting a little more Christ-like, instead of acting on your current belief that Jesus is so Mike-like.
You would think Billy Graham was a great American.
Voting Trump again in 2020 & you Mike Pence in 2024!!!
One of the greatest men ever !!! So sad he has passed. Much comfort for the family.
Condolences
My condolences
He was a #fakechristian like you, why don’t you go join him and your imaginary friend?
You know that he is being welcomed home with open arms 
Sad news but in Christ we celebrate
Condolences to Family
Reverend Billy Graham was a man of God who helped many begin there walk and continue there relationship with Jesus Christ. He carried out his calling for  50 yrs. so very well. He leaves behind an amazing legacy. May he Rest in Peace. My thoughts & prayers go out to his family.
#weknow
My heart goes out to the Graham family this morning for their loss. But Rev. Billy Graham is now at home in heaven with the Lord Jesus Christ and very happy! Let us all look at his life and be inspired!
Amen
What I posted on my FB I post here
Are you ever allowed to have an independent thought without “Karen”? 
Me and Karen
Heavenly Father, I pray for the souls of those who hate You and Your faithful servants
Just wondering, how old was Mr. William Graham?
He was ninety-nine years old.
Good another hatred gone!!!
he couldn't put up with #FakeChristian B.S. one more minute
You wrote all these about Bill Graham, what will people& HISTORY say about you and Trump ?
We pray for God's peace and comfort for the bereaved families IJN AMEN AND AMEN!
You should ask: “who will you vote: Trump or Pence?”
Are you lost?
Heartfelt sympathy to his family an all those who knew an loved him.  
@Franklin_Graham -With God all things are possible-Thank you Billy Graham for your tireless ministry, God bless VP Mike Pence & his family
I could not have said it any better, I'm sure he will continue doing his work from heaven and maybe he will be able to reach out from there, with the help of God and Jesus Christ, to more of us than ever before.
Why so sad. Great life. 99 years. Magnificent run.
Too bad none of the children killed had a chance to live that long
He was the best! No other man in US history has been able to con so many people for so long. Mike Pence is running a good con, but he doesn’t hold a candle to Billy Graham.
Of course you would be sad that one of the greatest money moochers of all time has died.  He may have been a word smith, but he only preached for the money.  like you and pornald.  you talk out of the side of your mouth and giggle.
MAGA
I love billy, his mansion will make the White House look like a get to.  I miss him already man of the world  so sad I wanted him to see rapture
He truly honored Gid with his life, and us now home! I can’t believe how evil people are in their responses to the bodily death of this respected man.
#weknow
Graham was a great man whose message of Jesus Christ and a better way to live impacted my life. Think God's timing is about ripe for ultimate harvest. Even so...come Lord Jesus!

Mike pence sucks just like Trump. Oppress the poor and have no mercy on the Foriegner.

Nope, Mikey, the "I'm a better Christian than you" bit only works with those who already believe you. And there's only 12 of them.
He's with the Glorius Baby Jesus now in the Gold road of our heavenly father God bless his heart soul etc. Amen  $25,000,000 in the bank that could help the poor
Yea dont hold your breath that ole Frankie boy is gonna part with a goddamned cent!
WHEN WILL YOU & @realDonaldTrump GIVE US A REAL ATTORNEY GENERAL TO REPLACE PATHETIC FAILURE & TOTAL EMBARRASSMENT @jeffsessions ?
Sessions has FAILED this country & HE MUST GO!!!
Good riddance. He was anti #LGBTQ like you and "mother".

Greatest How??
How quick were you with your condolences to the files of the slaughtered school children? 
Exactly
Sorry. Condolences to the Graham family.
@SoniaPennell YES and Amen! Great man and now where he belongs, in Heaven with Jesus and his beloved wife
The bastard was a first class con artist. He is already burning in Hell
Indeed,, And now it is up to you both
The Billy Graham rule was an extremely sexist and intolerant policy.
Not at all, it kept him above repute. No one could get a “wrong idea” of him being a lone with a woman. Many married men spend too much time alone in the presence of other women and we all know how that has worked out time and time again...
When Graham initiated it there were scandals when famous ministers having affairs . . .but again that blames women .
Or the expected weakness of men.
Really?
Why so sad? Graham lived a LONG life and died from natural causes.  Time to go I say.  You should grieve for the six year olds at Sandyhook whose lives you had a hand in ending with your pro NRA politics.
He probably couldn’t call himself a christian after dealing with the trump administration after all the evangelicals think that all trumps sins are nothing just ask Melania what she thinks about adultery you so called Christian evangelicals are gonna burn in hell
He preyed on poor weak minded people . That's how he mad his living. Screw him

Sorry to hear about Reverend Graham he lived a long good life seemed to be a very good person
I find that hard to believe. You don't seem to give a shit about anything but Money. So his death must be affecting your income in some way.

Yes sir,
We should have a Billy Graham day..
As a national holiday.
This man of God is a HUGE reason we as a nation were HEALING as 1 family under God.
You know the truth, brother from another mother.
Why the F can't Blotus say something, you need to stop being a bobble head puppet and move on. 
Or you staying to become president or maybe you want to join all in jail?.........
Religion is about control over the gullible. 

Pence is either very gullible or trying to control you. 
Neither is good.
Your boss and his administration's personal conduct have made the US a joke to the rest of the world.
But God Bless Billy Graham!
https://twitter.com/longlive_nixon/status/964215221022838787 …. #GunReformNow
can't even argue with a thing he said.. 
He was a scam, sham, phony just like you
We wonder what is wrong with America, look at some of the stupid comments here about a man that dedicated his entire life to helping people whether you agree with his world view or not. He wasn’t perfect never claimed to be. But he loved people I challenge you to listen to him.
We know why you liked him he was a creep like you pence
Amen
Funny...I'm no sad!!
What an embarrassment to the country you would describe a huckster that way.
I thank and praise God for the Great man of God who did all for His Kingdom All glory to God Thank you Jesus
Too bad you've tossed aside his principles. @SecondLady
Another dead racist bigot religious zealot, good riddance.
He was a thief who used god to make money. No wonder you think the tax plan is great. You're still USING God to steal from struggling Americans to give to your "high priests". You false prophets are nothing more than murderous thieves who take from the poor to give to the rich.
Yeah, except for that whole being a raging antisemite thing.
It's a glorious exit, glory be to God
Prayers
It's the schools fault
Yes. I will have a tear in my eye as we #grabthembythepussy #NotMyPresident
It's my good  and faithful service
One of the greatest Americans of the Century? You're delusional.
RIP , the spiritual father of America.
Billy Graham died! Good riddance to bad, hateful rubbish!
Why would people take time out of their days to create a hidden/fake twitter just to troll a man of faith for mourning the loss of a faith leader? To @VP keep your faith and keep your devotion to god. For evil is what runs the msm and these hateful trolls.
It’s a joyous time for him he’s gone home.
You and your wife give me hope. Thank you for posting this.
#fakechristan just like you
That's why I already tweeted this morning two @POTUS, if any civilian in modern America deserves a state funeral it is Billy Graham. A confidant to presidents, a friend to the world, and the pastor to us all. No Christian in America's history has done so much for so many.
Amen
Yeah. You will never meet him again. Not in this life or after.
Blah blah blah. Billy should rot in hell for the pain he brought to so many people with his fake Christianity.
We know that Reverend Billy Graham is at home in heaven with our father he was our modern day Moses and we thank the Lord he sent him here to teach us about Jesus
The guy who called homosexuality "detestable” and “a sinister form of perversion".  The world's a better place without such hatred.
Billy Graham was a great man. He will be missed
Mr. @VP, please ignore the idiot haters who seem to live their lives with 24/7 hate for anyone including themselves. We are saddened with you.
Billy Graham, requiescap in pace. 
How sad. Your Christian partner in hate died. Awww...smfh.


Ha F,ing Ha 

I'm sure he's toasting marshmallows with stn
As a little girl, Billy Graham came to my little hometown in Liberia, Buchanan and I never forget the experience. Rest in peace, Man of God.
Yes, he will truly be missed
It is totally amazing as I told Greg at @generationscc and @Franklin_Graham that both their awesome Missionary Dad's died together. Greg said it best for both as @TonyDungy knows. 

#BookmarkThis
Yes........ REALLY!!!!!
Oh - HE gets more than the thoughts and prayers you republicans give to students and others?  You are the worst kind.  Devious and manipulative.  Bigot.
It's the schools fault
“WELL DONE!  GOOD and FAITHFUL SERVANT!”
 Let the REVIVAL Begin!!! https://youtu.be/9yMztNyZ9c4 
There is a glorious reunion going on in heaven today
Yep...so true
Hmm one of the greatest Americans?is it because he spent decades on tv asking ppl for their money to save their souls so he could get rich ?
#weknow
GOOD RIDDANCE
Rest in peace Billy Graham. The Lord has finally called you home. Your work is done.
Wish you were as saddened this quickly a week ago. But no that would be asking too much because you would have to be concerned. Here are the fallen from a week ago as I’m sure you have forgotten. #ParklandSchoolShooting #FloridaShooting #guncontrol
I Will Rejoice for Billy Graham for passing through this life into the wonderful presence of Christ I know he was more than ready thank you Jesus
Thank you for standing up for your faith. You’re a true role model.

He taught pure Christian doctrine. Too bad you don't embrace it, or advocate it.
A Life well lived. See you in heaven Sir
HE WOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOU AND YOUR WIFE
Mr  Vice President as a graduate of Trinity Theological Seminary from your home state Indiana I join with you in sending condolences to the Graham family.
Sorry....hateful christian...not a great loss...
Faker
You mean "Mother and I " right
Let us rejoice that he has led billions to the lord through the preaching of the gospel of Jesus Christ.  And he has now heard those words we long to hear. Matthew 25:21  His lord said unto him, Well done, thou good and faithful servant.
 )¡( FAITH )¡( HOPE )¡( LOVE )¡(
Thank you Rev.Graham,you will not be forgotten!
R.I.P. REV. BILLY Graham
My grandmother use to love watching Billy Graham.
Rest in love!
I'm a child of @USCCB but Graham was that awesome St. Paul who could always arm-wrestle James well on theologies like Faith v. Works. #BillyGraham is now in that eternity in a place with tall border walls, narrow gates, and no denominations as he is embraced by our God's love.
My heart sank at this news. He was the real deal. I committed my life to God at one of his revivals in St. Louis when I was about 13. Boy, what a loss for our culture but a BIG win for God. 
I just watched a Billy Graham Crusade on tv. It was in the 50’s and in St Louis!

مشاور امنیت ملی #آمریکا، ژنرال مک‌مستر: «وقتی شما در #ایران سرمایه گذاری می‌کنید، درواقع در #سپاه_پاسداران_انقلاب_اسلامی سرمایه گذاری می‌کنید. انگار که یک چک برای سپاه پاسداران می‌کشید و می‌گویید: لطفا این پول را برای کشتار بیشتر در سراسر #خاورمیانه استفاده کنید.» 

#Penceknew

Only if you are Christian. Some of us are not.
God bless
God used this man mightily amen
Greatest Americans?  Seriously?  He's a preacher touting myths and stories.
It’s sad to lose his presence here but I know he’s rejoicing in Heaven!
You aren't God.
Uh, Trump isn't Christian...
How would you know what being a Christian is?
Rest in Peace eternally Brother Graham  .
May he rest in peace.Billy followed me & my writings closely strived to make American çhristain people believe in their origins & fàith. He never openly deplored catholism while sharing with me his inside heart. God Bless America.
RIP 
Yes amen thank you Vice President Pence and his WHOLE family..God bless..praying for y'all
You certainly have taken no action the 17 kids were hunted down with an assault rifle while in school, but when a guy who is as immoral a demented old racist as you are passes away, you're all tears.

Thanks for your civility. Teach this asshole - @realDonaldTrump some etiquette
Today, Pastor Graham is more alive than he has ever been and finally hearing from GOD our Father, WELL DONE GOOD AND FAITHFUL SERVANT!  BLESSED DAY indeed!!

I know God is real.  He sent me many miracles, but I believed him from the first!  Read miracles: http://www.goodnewsjim.com  #RIPBillyGraham Let us all be good and loving to all.  The world can use more love.
We lost a great man , who is walking in Heaven , having a little talk with Jesus GOD Bless his family
He was a great man, he will be missed but what a glorious reunion it will be when we get there. Keep up the great work that you and president Trump are doing to not be ashamed of who we are. Followers of Jesus Christ our savior and saving grace of this country. God bless you all.

He was a piece of $h!
Condolences to this great man’s family. I first heard him when I was 7 years old in early 1960’s in Sydney Australia
Makes sense you’d mourn the passing of a sad homophone and anti-semite. And to think you had the audacity to lie to America and @Adaripp.
What a wonderful wonderful Godly man this world has lost but heaven has gained~ Go with GOD Billy 
I am saddened to see so much hate from people just over someone's belief. Thank you Rev. Graham for your faith.
Yes,we have lost a genuine and great evangelist who lead millions of all peoples to our LORD and SAVIOR JESUS CHRIST!!! He is now with the ONE he served for over 60 years!!!!
That is a lie Pence. If you believe his hatred, and oppression of push of legislation and call him a great American; you are disillusioned. He has shown hatred of gay people, single mothers and pushed his views on others. We have the freedom of region, not to be oppressed by it.
