U MUST EXPOSE WHAT U SAW in #Hillary Emails
DOIT ON THE SEN FLOOR w/Full Immunity
As BOXER DID

@Always_Trump @VivaLaAmes
you ass. If you cared about zika you wouldn't be trying to defend Planned Parenthood
thank God democrats are principled
If the bill was clean, there wouldn't be a problem.  Separate the Zika funding, and that will pass immediately.
U MUST EXPOSE WHAT U SAW in #Hillary Emails
DOIT ONTHE SEN FLOOR w/Full ImmunityAs BOXER DID
@myGianLuca @KNP2BP @CurlyCoyne
By adding less funding for Planned Parenthood? Wrong!! 
Two months ago you left for vacation rather than pass Zika funding. #doyourjob
Why do love the confederate flag and support a candidate the same guy as David Duke? It's POS bill and you know it.
take your religious ideology out of the bill and it'll pass with record time.
-Because the Left lives by hypocrisy, thrives on #LowInfoVoters, and desires power over individuals' outcomes.
probably because the GOP have a poison pill in the bill, make it pure zike funding
Put out a clean bill.  #DoYourJob
what does planned parenthood funding have to do with Zika funding?
@davidpsdem @ChuckGrassley Legislating morals...
You can give them your pay You don't work for it!
Fie on Thee! Bill underfunded Zika, harmed PParenthood & supported confederate racism. No bad#healthcare #misogeny & #racism
Who are you kidding, Chuckles? What did you boys attach to that zika bill, maybe Planned Parenthood funding? WHY?????
take the poison pill language out, and pass a clean bill unanimously. Stop misleading everyone. Confirm Merrick Garland!!
The problem is you fascist criminals keep putting crapola nobody wants in the bill.
It's simple lawnmower man. You and other republicans poisoned the bill. Just how dumb do you think the voting electorate is ?
@JohnCornyn submit a clean bill!
Horse shit, Chuck. Write a clean bill. #DoYourJob
try not attaching it to PP funding. Do you seriously think we don't understand that?
you know exactly why democrats don't support the bill. Stop playing stupid. Well, you do support trump.... So....
Iowans do not support your pro- Confederacy position in the GOP Zika bill. You are a traitor to Iowa.
How about a clean bill? Stop lying and do your job!!
You deceitful partisan hack. You poison the legislation then throw up your hands and cry foul. Shame!

duh! all that other stuff you tacked on!  Disgraceful doing that to the Zika Bill.
because so much other stuff was added by you and the GOP that it was no longer a Zika bill but a general appropriations bill.
assume mosquitos dead
If you think it's badly needed, then don't poison it with anti-women and pro-Confederacy garbage. Guess you don't really care
Because Republicans added poison pills to the bill.
do you ever read your tweet replies because it must be depressing to see so many people point out why you're wrong.
put a clean bill forward and you'll get your votes.
what about the @SenateDems bill from earlier this year which was Zika only?
because you added stuff not directly related to Zika. 

Take it out. It should be about science, not anti-PP political points
• @ChuckGrassley Stop being cute and clever like a 10-year-old.
Bring a clean bill, watch it pass immediately.
would you vote for a Zika funding bill if the unrelated budget items were removed from said bill?
Gonna drop the de-funding of PP? Just spin about who failed to get it passed. THIS IS WHY Congress gets low approval rating.
Maybe if you weren't attaching support to the Confederate Flag. Drop that and the PP language, you'll get unanimity.
LOL ......... LIARS .... TAKE THE PLANNED PARENTHOOD GUTTING PROVISIONS OUT YOU NEFARIOUS WORM
then remove restriction on planned parenthood!! They are key partner in ensuring contraceptive access
PP is a vital partner is stopping Zika. Please recognize the good they do.
well put
why do you keep trying to pull funding from PP?  Give us a clean bill.
<<== this dried up old coot is willing to sacrifice American lives for his political game
pass a bill without all the nonsense attachments, and it will be 100-0. A native Iowan.
not a true statement.
People are getting sick and kid are born with deformities but Rethugs won't fund without getting one of their pets in return!
maybe because of the planned parenthood funding deficiency given the Zika virus' affect on newborns ?
how bout a clean bill, partisan bs #DoYourJob
we badly need a full Supreme Court, why are you sitting on your hands?
Because the bill is full of partisan Bullshit! Pass a clean bill. Then do your job and give Judge Garland a hearing...
These deformed babies are on you, Chuck. Quite the legacy you are leaving as you also support a racist for President.
Bring a clean bill. Stop trying to extort concessions on a serious matter of public health.
Because of the riders you put on the bill.
If you truly cared at all about those affected, you would write a clean bill with no partisan riders. #WrongForIowa
The push your leadership to bring a clean bill.  Picking political fights with life-saving legislation is wrong #DoYourJob
Clean bill will pass 100-0.
Provide a clean bill, it will pass now.
Helps if you don't pad the bill with bullshit.
Canada hired as an employee to setup wind turbines. Reason, work visa were to expire. They needed Americans to work
