Definitely
I think you're being too generous with that 160 days figure!
Lower! I don't count fundraising as workdays.
Ok, I'll settle at 100. Nice gig if you can get it. The benefits seem elite to me, but I've never had ones as good as theirs!
Just a follow up to our conversation from the other day: Congress adjourned yesterday until after Labor Day!
“@ChuckGrassley: Do u think 2day's journalists r too elite for 'ordinary Americans'?” Asked the man ignoring the will of the people.
what exactly is the "will of the people" you refer to?  Don't u understand the 7 year term is to avoid knee jerk stands?
7 year term?
he doesn't represent most Americans
http://www.rollcall.com/news/politics/iowans-less-likely-to-vote-for-grassley-for-holding-up-nominee … He does represent THESE Americans though.
odd that the only poll that had him losing is one that is left leaning.
well, polls are often wrong. Most had Iowa beating Stanford and we see how that turned out.
ouch. Good one. Losing an argument so take a cheap shot. Gotcha.
@PardonMyTake WTF Chuck! POS Politicians asking hard hitting questions. Go F yourself then work on something that matters plz
if anything I'd say on the whole, no.  With greater access to getting your voice out, comes decreased standards.
no only today's senators
how u r president of iowa since 1981 but cannot write out the word "today"....... please explain ??? also no @nytimes
do I think your tweet reads like something an infant would type? yes.
Elite? No. The problem is journalism is being pushed aside for entertainment. @ChuckGrassley
Wearing my "elite" shoes today.
You've still got it girl. Never lose that razor sharp wit and sense of humor. Look no #;s in this entire tweet.
Looking forward to your forced retirement this November, for the good of the country
This is my 2000 Mitsubishi Diamanté. Elite enough for you?
No, they are too Marxist.
no, I think our legislators are!
Throwing stones while living in a glass house..
you make 174K a year for obstructing and/or doing nothing. your statement shows how grossly out of touch you are
Did you know you could spell out whole words and still stay well under 140 characters?
Do You think 8 Justices is Enuff 4 the Supreme Court?
This is the perfect example of just how ignorant the public is. Any issue of the New York Times would intimidate them.
Do you think, as a millionaire white senator, that calling out "elite" journalists is a good strategy?  #dojourjob
That is some serious manipulation there. And some serious bullshit. People who know stuff are BAD!
How were you elected?
Sitting senators calling out others as elite. That would be like...sitting senators calling out others as elite.
Getting my elitist dinner ready for tonight while reading multi-millionaire Chuck's tweet. @ChuckGrassley
like those "ordinary American" senators?
is a multimillionaire who collects a paycheck while playing political games. Think you are the elitist,  Chuck.
No...I think today's politicians are too dumb and greedy to be leaders.
.@ChuckGrassley do u th1nk 2day's journalists r 2 legit 2 quit?
I don't know if I'd call myself a journalist, but I am definitely too elite...
Chuck is on to something here
He subtweeted me...
.@ChuckGrassley not elite, no. They're cause-driven, rather than fact-driven, seeking to justify their beliefs on issues & reporting as fact
ur a senator
being a journalist is about as legitimate as being a fortune teller
If by educated, informed, inquisitive... Yes
I mean, clearly you're not.
I don't know...remind us again how much we pay you?
define elite? Because based on income the answer would have to be a resounding no. Does having an education make them elite?
bofa tells a different story, chuck
this is a joke question, right?
yeah they are. And they use correct grammar on Twitter. Fucking elitists.
elite?...no...2few example of journalism 2day 2perform an analysis
no, but you and your colleagues sure do!
if by "elite" you mean "college educated" and by "ordinary Americans" you mean the base of the GOP, then sure.
Are you kidding? Very few journalists rise to top of profession, and those still make avg. $$$ compared to rest of nation.
Asked by a person who has a BA, Masters degree and attempted a PhD.
I hope so.
at least they do their jobs - unlike you.
is that what Dairy Queen is a great place for?
you earn 5x more than an average reporter!You are the elite and out of touch!
what are you 12? Type like an adult and stop asking dumb questions!
asked "Do u think 2day's journalists r too elite for 'ordinary Americans'?"
please don't abuse Language "elite"?! Are dictionaries too ordinary for millionaire senators?
Median pay is 35k....they're not as out if touch as you.
Do u think 2day's GOP r too busy accelerating the anti-intellectual, anti-fact, pro-hot take decline of America?
No but someone like yourself who has been cashing our taxpayer checks for 57 years and is worth $3 million for no work...
No, I think obstructionist GOP Senators are too out of touch with the majority of Americans.
did some journalist call you senile again
No, they are smart. That's different than elite. You and your fellow Senators are the elites.
@samknight1 I think saying ordinary Americans are to Elite for today's generic plastic politicians is more accurate.
... No I think "ordinary Americans" probably need a better education system so that journalists don't seem "elite".
@samknight1 Yes. But so are you.
@gabrielabarkho like in the Elite Four way?
@BetsyFreese not elite. Many come from a perspective, and a line of study that is immersed in left leaning thought
have you been in Colorado recently?
in typical progressive fashion, they think they know better than you what's best for you. The majority are Marxists.
@ChuckGrassley
.@ChuckGrassley this tweet is way2 3xc3ll3nt. Way2G0.
/ Do you sniff too much ethanol??
Want to know how to get the media on your side? Hold a hearing for the supreme court! #DoYourJob
.@ChuckGrassley no, but many pre-lobbyist US Senators are
I respect your profession. It would be nice if you could return the favor. We both work hard for the public good.
Still embarrassing #Iowa.
So that's what is getting accomplished in DC, learning how to tweet like a teenage girl.
https://www.opensecrets.org/pfds/summary.php?year=2010&cid=N00001758 …
mb 2 legit
Unbelievable! Look up the facts most make less than 40k a year. That's not elite! I'd say $174,000 is more elite!
Get over yourself. Elite is someone who is going on 2 month vacation, works only 110days/year, and has a SEAT IN CONGRESS.
some are and some aren't, obviously. Nothing has changed since BC on that front...
Of course that DC gang you run with is. Question answered. Now hold a hearing on #MerrickGarland #DoYourJob
I'd LOVE to see your paycheck compared to my brother's, a journalist. Bet you'll redact that last Tweet. #elitistpoliticians
They are not 'elite' enough-they pander to lowest common denominator - stir up hard feelings. We all need to better people.
Do you think you are to elite for a Supreme Court justice hearing? I assure you, you're not. You're irrelevant, step aside.
I don't know. Congress sure does suck.
2 elite? Because we can spell?
no, but I think senators who won't even hold hearings on a Supreme Court nominee of the first black president are.
They aren't when compared to you. Your net worth sits at $2.1 million,  average salary journalist in the US is about $38,000!
Ford Elite
Define elite? Economically no. Few are in the 1% or more than $174,000/year. Most have a BS or BA. Is that elite?
I assume you are only referring to those peaky journalists that question your actions... Right?
I don't know, but do you think the Republicans are to lazy?
#VOTE THEM OUT 
@SpeakerRyan 
@HouseGOP 
@SenateGOP 
#VOTE BLUE
I'm not a journalist 2day but my favorite elite memory at @DMRegister was when mice nested in my coworkers cubicle.
No.  #DoYourJob
Like members of Congress who get free health care? Umm, no.
if you think all American journalists have elite salaries, you are grossly misinformed
No, they don't even make half as much as a Senator does.  Keep it in perspective.
who thought that question up? #DumbandDumber
.@ChuckGrassley Calling liberal media "elitists" has been in your stump speech since the disco era. For ex look at the 9/2/1981 Osky Herald.
nice one!
NO!  They do their job every day.  They don't stop doing it because they think they'll get a better boss in a year.
I ate two peanut butter sandwiches for lunch. #fancy #elite
.@ChuckGrassley Only if you're anti-intellectual, which you are.  Don't you hate it when people try to make you think things?! Eeeewww.
Not the Fox News 'journalists.' They're like GOP primary voters; dumb enough to believe @realDonaldTrump lies.
I am concerned about your term "ordinary Americans".  Strikes me as categorizing Americans. What's an un-ordinary American?
Did an adult write this?
Kinda funny coming from a career US Senator who makes several times as much as average journalist. @ChuckGrassley
@DrBobLeonard media too elite or congressman too elite? #doyourjob #iowaelitemedia #electionsmatter
No, I just think you are out of touch. #DoYourJob
by ordinary do you mean undereducated? Fox News caters to your "ordinary" with their fear mongering, just like GOP.
they are too liberal.
unequivocally no. Stop peddling anti-intellectualism
:
No of course not

#STOP
I think today's Congress is utterly out of touch w/ working Americans. People work HARD, man.
perhaps, but not as elitist as congress. #DoYourJob #termlimits
This made me spit out my Ramen noodles!
Are u serious?   A career politician calling out others for being elite. U my man, are part of the elite society.
I wish Senators worried 1/2 as much abt doing their jobs & serving citizens as they do covering their asses & getting paid.
that's a clown question bro.
Are Senators too elite? And by elite, I mean too ignorant to type coherent sentences. Too elite to represent constituents.
No. Ill informed. Agenda driven. Deeply prejudiced. Trying to make names 4 themselves, with far too little experience.
Need to do the beat work for many years before being able to wisely analyze events & draw from history.
Too many coming out of journalism school wanting to be 'talking heads' w/o the experience to back up their talk.
99% of journalists are regular people working a job.
.@ChuckGrassley your fellow IA senator was poorly vetted bc your local media is a sad decaying mess https://newrepublic.com/article/120118/joni-ernst-capitalized-broken-media-landscape-iowa …
Worth noting that the one reporter this article mentions, Jennifer Jacobs, is no longer with the DSM Register.
Same could be said for many politicians, in my opinion.
.@ChuckGrassley
elite in a sense that there is a lot perceived cronyism within media and politics. See David Rhodes/ Ben Rhodes etc. etc.
stupid tweet of the week. Thanks senator do-nothing.
I think you text like you behave at your job: like a 12 year old girl.
They do their Job
 you don't do you Job but you take your Pay You get 3 or 4 Gov Checks! Do your Job or Quit!
No. I do think, however, that most Senators and Representatives are, except when pandering for votes.
Stupid question! Journalists vary greatly - left / right, rich / poor, bad / good - same as Americans.  There's no ordinary.
journalists?! Look in the mirror and see the deadliest elites
no. You are paid (wages/benes) more than you deserve,  based on performance, & you're out of touch w/much of society
too much ignorance and abuse in government and media already
An intern came up with this question didn't they.
I think the huge media outlets have a point of view, but to insinuate that journalists are elite is laughable from a mlnaire
Do they make as much as you?
"Elite". Love it. Keep on attacking people who are "educated" & have "facts." Keep em ignorant and distracted, right Chuck?
.@ChuckGrassley a journalist stole my Ford F150 and wife
Communicating to many different audiences requires many different outlets.  Challenging problem to be sure.
No. I think Senators, Congressman, and other Washington lifers are the "elites."
No. You are totally clueless and out of step! You are stuck in Reagan's glory days. This is a new age. Wake up!
Some, sure.  Same can be said of career politicians.
.@PFTCommenter I think u should way inn on this PFT....#isjoeflaccoelite
Did you hire an intern to translate tour tweets to sound like Prince wrote them?
what’s it like being elite enough to be in the senate and not type full words?
's phony folksy act doesn't fool Iowans! Grassley is a judiciary obstructionist. Time for @pattyforiowa! #TheJudgeHeCantIgnore
yes
Problem is hardly with journalists but with consolidated, profit driven corporate overlords. @ChuckGrassley is out of touch. #p2 #tcot @GOP
ordinary Americans are smarter than you give them credit for. Stop making it seem like intelligence and education are bad.
Dude...go back to work. You're embarrassing yourself.
I can assure you that those in your home state find this question quite laughable or downright stupid!
Those darn journalists in their ivory towers spelling entire words.
.@chuckgrassley The lobbyists must have gone out to lunch & left a vacationing 4th grader in charge of his twitter account.
I think your too conservative to be of help to 'ordinary Americans'.
the liberals journalists like to think they are
I think that most journalists are so left in their views that they deny objectiveness in slanted stories that exclude reason.
today's journalist are progressive educated could care less about avg people, they talk to the left only.
Apparently, you don't have a very high opinion of ordinary Americans.
when 140 characters is just 2 many....
What does that even mean Senator? Is it elite to write well, to care about facts, to ask uncomfortable questions? I hope not.
No the Democratic party education with the truth, the Republicans party education with lies to keep voters stupid and racist
Do u think 2day's senators represent 'ordinary Americans'?
@richpria I felt so 'elite' I just let myself get let go in 2011 so I could be a common person just like you! Man has no clue
Yeah, what were you thinking?
.@ChuckGrassley Yeah, this eat-lunch-at-my-desk, wearing a 10yo-dress driving a 7-year-old car journalist is pretty freaking elite.
Aww, don't be sore. You can always #VOTE D. It'll be #OurLittleSecret
when will the Senate do their job and hold a Sup Ct hearing? Or are you 2 busy sending out tweets?
I think today's politicians certainly are. When's the last time you actually did an honest day's work?
I've met thousands of Americans, and have yet to meet an ordinary one. It's an elite electorate. It expects elite journalism.
are you too elite to #doyourjob ????
I'm having a PBJ for lunch. You? #2elite2eat
Maybe partisan, maybe 2 quick 2 report unproven/rumor. But "elitism?" Should we start carrying little red books?
Not as elite as some of our legislators
And what about that dang History channel, chuck?!?
Sent from my Jitterbug
R u kidding me? Your loaded, coded question is divisive and disrespectful. We all need hard working and honest journalists.
Yes and most think 'ordinary Americans' too stupid to think for themselves.
Do your job Chuck and worry less about journalists.
I drive a 10 year old car and live in a <800 SQ FT home. I work freelance. If I'm elite, what are you? @ChuckGrassley
Whoa, whoa, slow down with your "now" and "today" teenage lingo so the elites can understand your hipster talk.
If "elite" means intelligent and educated, then no.
thanks for your effort to make Joni Ernst Iowa's senior Senator. Don't worry about journalists! Just do your job or resign!
There are very few journalist left. Most of them are simply an extension of the democrat party.
Do you not "think" before you pose these ridiculous questions?  Another old,out of touch white guy!  Fellow Iowans, WAKE UP!!
Stop obstructing the Supreme Court and #DoYourJob!
@ChuckGrassley
You are too elite for "ordinary Americans"  #doyourjob
can you even explain what "too elite" means? And try using complete sentences with actual words. You're a god damn senator.
The press should exist to ck. power & explain  effect of gov't on ordin. Amer. Now they cheerlead.
@ChuckGrassley
you have been in office too long to even know what it's like to be an "ordinary American."
Yeah. RT @ChuckGrassley: Do u think 2day's journalists r too elite for 'ordinary Americans'?
I think 'ordinary Americans' are too apathetic to vote out ineffective and hypocritical senators. (note I used entire words)
Journalists *are* ordinary Americans. Perhaps if you understood the Public you've ruled over so long, you might get that.
in j-school we were taught to write on an 8th grade level. If Americans can't understand the news, the focus should be on edu
You definitely had enough characters to write each word in that tweet properly. You shame your office with your blatant sloth
journalists ARE ordinary Americans. Stop trying to be divisive.
You've had a lot of dumb tweets this year.  This one ranks right up there as the dumbest.
Love the 'ordinary Americans' in scare quotes. RT @ChuckGrassley
Do u think 2day's journalists r too elite for 'ordinary Americans'?
@ChuckGrassley @justinjm1
There you go again, conjuring up a scapegoat,drumming up hate,poisoning the environment,dividing the nation with your hate.
Median salary for reporters: $47k. Median household income: $52k. Grassley's net worth after 57 years in politics: $3M+
Maybe problem is that local papers just don't employ that many journalists anymore. @timothypmurphy
Do u think 2day's journalists r too elite for 'ordinary Americans'?
