You & your party are the terrorists today @ChuckGrassley. You put the NRA before the people. November will not be kind to the @SenateGOP.
what do you plan on doing to keep another tragedy like this from happening AGAIN? Enough is enough. #filibuster
You voting on stricter gun control laws will do more good than your thoughts and prayers, Senator Grassley.
thoughts & prayers = NOTHING. when will GOP give up the NRA and the hate? 
#GOPYouOwnThis #NRABloodOnYourHands #DoYourJob
Your thought's are convoluted. ISIS followers believe in hate, ISIS hate crime has ever been stopped by gun laws
he wasn't ISIL you dolt. He was a disturbed, violent man that ha easy access to a weapon of mass death.
You didn't hear what he said in his 911 call as he was shooting people? He told them that he doing this for ISIS!
anyone can say they're doing it for ISIS. so what? is it worse if he's inspired by ISIS or by Trump or Fiorina?
this wasn't terrorism, he wasn't religious, this was a hate crime
When will you do something about gun violence?
Why'd u vote to make it EASIER for suspected terrorists to get guns/explosives? http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=114&session=1&vote=00319 … #IASen @pattyforiowa
your thoughts and prayers won't stop this from happening again. Take action. Do something, actually do something. Please.
what do you plan to do about gun violence?  Not asking about your past record on the issue.  This must stop.
@iowamjm @ChuckGrassley I think Obama should start collecting guns from the Chicago black gangs.Let me know how that works.
says the guy who voted no on banning high-capacity magazines
@iowamjm @ChuckGrassley A 20 round clip is standard,can be changed in 3 seconds giving 40 shots in stead of high cap. 30 shots.
Fewer prayers and more action. Praying for the dead doesn't protect the living. #filibuster
.@ChuckGrassley your prayers are no good without action. Your views on gun control are appalling.
we need more than "thoughts & prayers." You have some nerve tweeting that #Enough
When will you take action to end gun violence?
Thoughts? Prayers? Again? Insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result.
@iowamjm @ChuckGrassley You mean like blaming guns for the evil actions of people. Cars don't kill people drivers kill people!
just wondering why you were praying for them when you voted against laws that could've prevented this
You let that guy purchase a gun. You helped kill those people.
Less "thoughts&prayers." More action. Vote YES on background checks or be sure I'll vote for someone who will.
.@ChuckGrassley Your voting record allowed this violence to happen. Tweet about that.
U & #GOP have helped Arm America ($$) & should pay #Orlando funerals -stop insanity & support #filibuster
watching how you vote on Mon: for the corporate gun lobby or to protect American citizens? #DisarmHate
By voting against background checks, you permitted the Orlando shooting. What about that? An answer would be brave.
how many more people are going to die in a country of acceptance. Stop this now.
you let people on the terrorist watch list by guns, do something about this, you have the power
Your 'thoughts and prayers' have no meaning when you voted against common sense gun laws.
#CONTROLYOURGUNS @ChuckGrassley: Our thought&prayers go out for families of innocent killed n wounded in Orlando God bless all hurt #Enough
prayers don't prevent terrorists from buying assault rifles. It's time to take action. Put innocent lives before NRA #Enough
Thoughts and Prayers won't make change. Your voting makes you as guilty as shooter. Time to ban assault weapons now!
You're words mean nothing if you won't do your job, I'm sure the NRA paid you well for that "no" vote
You voted against the Matthew Shepard & James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act—against protecting these victims. #Orlando
do something to stop gun violence - or does the NRA pay too many of your bills?
We known where you get your marching orders.
We don't need prayers. We need you to do your job. People don't have to die, and you have the power to prevent death #88Days
Thoughts and prayers have not been doing anything to solve the problem. I wish you weren't in the back pocket of the NRA.
Rather than thoughts and prayers, take action. Pledge you'll stop taking money from the NRA and work to ban assault weapons
Your words would mean a lot more if you would have voted to make this attack a hate crime instead lumping it with terrorism.
You have time to Tweet, but not to consider a Supreme Court nominee or keep terrorists from buying guns? #DoYourJob #PrayAct
how about passing legislation to ban suspected terrorists (i.e. Investigated by fbi) from buying guns?
it's your " thoughts and prayers" that fuck our country up!
Forget the meaningless "thoughts and prayers" & do something.  Do your job. Get a Justice nominated!
This is literally the least you can do. How about trying something effective for a change? Prove you deserve to be reelected
You, and SenateMajLdr are a JOKE.  Where were you on 12-14-15? why did you opposed sensible gun control? Blood'n your hands!
They don't need your thoughts & prayers. We need sensible gun legislation.
Their blood is on the hands of every one who does the NRA's bidding.
please keep up the fight protect gun owners rights
Your insensitivity knows no bounds. You're in the NRA pockets and are responsible for this tragedy. #alllivesmatter #getout
you really dont give a shit. At least that is what your actions say.
You made this act of terrorism possible, by not supporting a bill that would block terrorists from guns completely.  Shame.
thoughts and prayers are not enough. When will you stand up to the NRA?
This isn't terrorism. It's rabid homophobia. You are the face of a the party of homophobia, misogyny, racism, class warfare.
We don't need your prayers. We need your vote to ban. Do your job. Do your job or get out. Your sanctimony is sickening.
Keep your " thought & prayers " for yourself you hypocritical b*stard. Do your job and Vote to ban assault weapons. #GOPScum
@SenJoniErnst @SteveKingIA @DavidYoungIA we don't need your prayers. We need you to get off your NRA funded asses & work
SO why hasn't the #GOP congress passed gun control to keep suspected terrorists from getting AR15 + 1000s rounds? ANS: NRA
why did you vote to allow watch-list individuals to buy hi-capacity guns. You're complicit in this
The Orlando shooter had an assault rifle and high capacity magazines as a direct result of your votes in the senate.
Yeah, 'cause your prayers have helped so much to this point.
T&P don't help. Listen to the people on gun control, not the NRA. Ashamed of you. #YoureMySenatorToo
- as an Iowan, I appreciate your thoughts and prayers. I would prefer you lead a bipartisan charge to ban assault rifles
Hey, thanks for voting AGAINST the semi-automatic gun background check bill.  Once again, completely out of touch.
Shove your thoughts and prayers!  Do something!
No, it's gun violence in America again. As someone who does bidding of @NRA, you're accomplice to the 50 murders in Orlando.
Why didn't you vote for LGBTQ protections?
It's ISIS that killed these people all Americans need to be protected form Islamic terrorists not just a few
Your voting to block background checks for gun purchases contributed to this tragedy.
Do you accept blame for this because you voted to allow those on the no fly list to purchase guns? Because I blame you.
Homophobia in America again @ChuckGrassley let’s not forget where you sit on that question our fine upstanding Senator…
looking at your record on background checks, gun laws, etc, your prayers are worthless. Rather than praying, DO SOMETHING FFS
considering you also voted against S.815 - Employment Non-Discrimination Act, your prayers are pretty pathetic
to the staffers reading and tweeting this, I hope you are working to further his strengths in preventing these
Considering you voted against treating LGBT attacks as hate crimes this feels more than a little hollow...
Maybe our elected representatives should DO SOMETHING about these weapons. You don't need an assault weapon to kill deer.
if only thoughts and prayers actually helped. Do your job and actually work to protect all Americans. #OrlandoMassacre
Too bad you voted against the 2013 assault weapons ban. No more politics and special interest groups. Protect the us not NRA.
What is an assault weapon? Is it a knife a ball bat a gun a cross bow?Assault is an action taken against someone
Assult Weapon has been defined in assault weapon ban in an act signed by Clinton in '94. AWB should come back.
Hate. Crime. Call it what it is.
It is an Islamic terrorist hate crime. And it is already against Federal law!
remember that time you voted to let those on the terrorist watch list buy guns just 'cause the NRA asked you to? #Orlando
hehe EXACTLY. $$$ WE remember that time you voted to allow terrorist full access to assault rifles, Chuck.
SHUT UP! #BoughtByTheNRA Vote to ban assault rifles!!! Stop praying and start saying NO to the NRA
Just remember that you voted to not ban sale of guns to people on watch list. Not just terrorism but hate crime.
Can you stop praying and pass laws to stop these massacres?
If only you could have done something six months ago:
received $60,676 in assistance through NRA independent expenditures in his 2010 re-election.
Last pm shows we are @ constant war. 2 fight -can't be USA divided. Starts w/ leaders. U have power & responsibility 2 help.
Did it take awhile for the check from @nra to show up? How much do I need to pay you to actually do something? I'm serious.
http://americamagazine.org/content/all-things/gods-not-fixing-no-were-not-listening …
this is a hate crime against the #LGBT community - do something to stem violence and promote understanding
Darling, fuck your thoughts and prayers.  Do something real.
you don't care about LGBTQ+ people, don't pretend like you do, don't send us your empty prayers.
@ChuckGrassley
We wouldn't need thoughts and prayers if you did your job to make stricter gun laws!
sit on your ass until January, when you'll double down on Hillary?
so ... What's your plan, Chuckie?
prayers mean nothing when u vote with the gun lobby. This tweet is an empty cliche.
This is what YOU and your racist coalition voted for: Hope you got your money's worth.
we want reform of our gun laws to prevent these all too common place tragedies from happening w such frequency and severity
I do believe that it is already against Federal law to use a gun in a hate crime! Oh and a hate crime is illegal to
Indeed - we saw diff. in severity of hate crimes committed w guns vs w/o & took action. Asking Sen. to do same re: mass shootings
Your thoughts and prayers are USELESS today. DO SOMETHING about this. YOU HAVE THE POWER.
maaaaaaaan fuck yr thoughts and prayers
you have blood on your hands for this one- voting to let a terrorist have guns. Exactly WHO do you pray to?
do your job.
Thoughts & prayers are meaningless, banning assault weapons, that is meaningful.  You weren't elected to pray.
That's it?! "Thoughts and prayers"? Would you leave it at that for any non-gun cause of 33,000 American deaths annually?
no one wants thoughts and prayers, how about a political solution to gun scourge?
HATE in america. This guys SAID he was offended by homosexuals
This guy also said ISIS was his hero, Islamic terrorists are offended by anyone that does not think just like them.
Remember when you voted for letting people on the terrorist watch list buy guns?
Crocodile tears Chuck. #notbuyingit
Maybe if you stop working for the NRA we could Stop some of this!
we need action, not prayers. You're in a position to make change but do nothing.
Your prayers are not stopping mass shootings. If they did, we wouldn't be on shooting #176 for the year. #GunControl
I've always found it interesting that every year as gun availability rises that number drops, but we don't talk about that.
