The corporatization of ag is nearing completion. Won't be slowed by anything short of revolt imho.
He's not. He doesn't care about qualifications.
Cesar Chavez isn't available...your führer is so obvious.
. I'm sure u can float him some names of millionaire farmers collecting big gov't checks claiming to know abt family farming!
Trump: **Googles "What are corn" & "define tractor"** "I think John Deere is a tremendous pick and will do great as Ag Sec"
Doubt it.
lol, you think that much thought is going into it? Have you met this guy?
I hope Trump give you a Job in a Nursing Home someplace Far away!
#RealRepublicans know there are only so many billionaire farmers to choose from for Agricultural Secretary. Harry Stine?
Vilsack! Vilsack!
don't count on it
Economic sabotage is treason and FRAUD Presidents & Congress Guilty in USA . NEOCON WAR MONGERS
HOW MUCH LOOT SHARE IN NETFLIX $60B LOOT from ERIC HOLDER,LORETTA LYNCH,MARY J WHITE,< GS GANG?
what about someone who also understands the value and importance of the the biofuel industry? One would be nice in the admin.
I believe that is precisely it. He'll know when he finds them,if their goals are US self-sustainment is their goal
I hope you take some time to reconsider Jeff Sessions confirmation hearing limited to 2 days and only 4 witnesses for Dems
WOW, love how the libtards are posting real important responses.
unlikely as he has created a cabinet that is overflowing with corporate ties...
we can only hope so. So tired of what the large farm industry has done to IA country side and small towns
hope he pics 1 that knows @HempEthenol is BETTER FUEL  900+ seats LOST BY #Democrats ,GIVE CREDIT where DUE,its The #TEAPARTY
he doesnt care. His other choices prove that.
You are very naive, sir.
don't count on it Chuck.
more likely he's trying to find a way to make money off his choice-like you have.
do you understand that role? You're in bed with Monsanto.
he promised to stop ag subsidies... AND YOU FULLY SUPPORTED HIM. I don't believe you care about Iowa. You care about you.
exactly what he is doing dumbass
Dow is up 8.15% for best performance since Herbert Hoover was elected 1928. Seems something then happened in 1929.
or he's just looking for a billionaire farmer to appoint.
he's looking for someone who hates the department he will be heading...
he'll blindly appoint whoever Bannon tells him to pick.
Hahahahahahahahahaha! Good one!
um, none of his other picks have a clue to what they are doing so why start now.  You are part of the problem by the way
based on previous picks, he will select the ones who will destroy family farms
Hope all you want, your farm will be hedge fund property. Maybe not if you vote the right way. You know the deal.
He's trying to find a Hispanic. Nice to know you're so in touch with him and throwing shit on twitter.
If he has not already asked for your opinion on this, he probably does not know where Iowa is on a map.  Not surprised.
He is taking his time because he could care less, and you know that.
REALLY?  YOU REALLY THINK THIS NEW YORK CITY PLAYBOY GIVES A SHIT ABOUT FARMING?  YOU ARE IRRATIONAL.
who could possibly be qualified chuck
He's waiting for someone with the right look.
dont do military service;dont do prison labor #prisonstrike
: C'mon Chuck.
you should ask him. you're a leader of your party, and he's theoretically, nominally a member of same.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
wake up, Chuck. Your country needs you to.
he can appoint you
DT will pick another unqualified millionaire who doesn't care about farmers
I overheard him say "who gives a fuck about farms...farms are lame" but maybe I misheard him
You try picking somebody when the entire group of candidates are wearing pointy white hoods, senator!
it's weird you're concerned with qualifications when you wouldn't hold a hearing on Garland, you hypocrite.
My money's on a Monsanto executive
ignore the Whiney little butt hurts, they will find their safe place soon.
@realDonaldTrump @Northey4IowaAG for US Ag Secretary!!!
bet he chooses   Don King
you're going to approve whomever he picks so why posture
The horse is already out of the barn.
that is not the reason.
Trump stares at his phone all day and has never thought about a farm in his life.
He's researching the most qualified candidates & then he's going to pick the unqualified billionaire.Don't u know the drill?
wishful thinking! Probably will pick a Goldman commodities trader.
he's probably just going to hire the dude with the high score on Farmville
hey chuck, do you really think #trump is deep thinking your ag sec? he's looking for a billionaire family farmer! HAHAHA!!!
It does take time to find just the right person to support corporate farms while sticking it to family farms.But he'll do it.
What in the world would make you think he would side with  family farms over corporate farm considerations?
you know damn well he's going to pick some evil Monsanto exec or some idgit from Farm Kings stop pretending Trump can govern
No one he has selected thus far gives any indication he'll consider anything but his business interests.
He should choose you! Keep on Chuckin’!
