The WJS is "Fake News"
I do believe Bannon would consider you a "cuckservative", Senator. Look it up.
So you're going w/Trump needs a serious intellect like Bannon? Ever read Breitbart, Senator?
Yeah. Because a White supremacist who hates the concept of liberal democracy is a guy worth trying to see in a more positive light. /SNARK!!
You'd like him.  Another fellow who believes in the superiority of white skinned people who aren't Jews. There have been 1 or 2 articles...
Grassley doesn't know Bannon? Grassley just gives interviews to Bannon's Breitbart but the farm boy doesn't know him
Another interview to Bannon's Breitbart back in 2014 by Grassley:
Aww, schucks, Mr. @ChuckGrassley is a just a country bumpkin farmer who doesn't know those dangerous elites in White House.
Because 3,000 years in Washington and a person is totally NOT a beltway insider, by gosh
you don't know Bannon? what hole are you living in?  Wake up and represent Iowa.  #headinthesand  #republicandenial
Will you authorize a subpoena for Pres Trump's tax returns? Necessary to any serious investigation of #Trumprussia
And it's not like people have been calling your office non-stop to complain about the white nationalist advisor(like I have been for months)
Yes! Who'd of thunk "What's with all the Nazi's in the WH these days!?!" would be a common concern.
Nope.
You have aligned yourself with @realDonaldTrump and his entire admin. Don't play dumb, because we're not.
Time for you to take a look at Breitbart
Well, it's not like we can expect you to shoulder some responsibility and try that whole silly "checks and balances" thing.
All you need to know is that Iowans do not want him! Get him away from the White House!
We are suppose to believe that?  Please, he just as controversial as you are.  Your not doing a good job Mr. Grassley ... Iowans need better
Please resign
I'm sorry? You don't "know" the President's right hand man? You "read he's controversial"? You really have retired. #phoningitin
What do you know. Just act like Schulz I know nothing.
For the love of God, why do you tweet? Do you think this elevates ANY rational political conversation? #ignorant
You're a true dope....or liar
Chuck, when they go down, and they will, you will be seen as their ally, their blind follower. Not knowing is no excuse!
That seems like a comment regarding a faraway foreign minister not a co-worker down the hall, who voters have been screaming about for 6 mo.
Bannon is chastised for the same reason Cheney and Rove were. That is .. no good reason at all. just the damn MSM stirring up trouble is all
Being war criminals is a good reason.   Incompetence is another.  Treason,  probably good reason also.
U should be happy Trump is addressing N Korea.Where do u think that is headed in a few years ? Huh? Nuclear weapons capable of going 7500 mi
The context is contrarian for the sake of contrariansim. A backhanded complimentary op-ed
Chuck go on Cum Town
Bannon, the intellect, is a fan of Charles Maurras, a French anti-semite & Nazi supporter.
Another golf trip!! How much did we budget for these useless vacations??
She also predicted Romney's big win & questioned Trump's sanity so there's that.
Did you read the column per chance? It's pointless as usual. Murdoch must have bribed Pulitzer committee.
Ask your bud Steve-O King @SteveKingIA  to introduce you... they're cut from the same cloth... oh wait, maybe you just forgot you knew him?
You elected the man
I wouldn't be bragging up my ignorance.  You might want to read up on #PresidentBannon
EVERYTHING RIGHT is "controversial" to Libs/Dems, so Bannon is STRONG ASSET to Drain The Swamp! Bannon BELOVED by @realDonaldTrump's voters!
Obama's America: STINKING MESS! TRUMP NEEDS BANNON, "rough and tough" like he is, to FIGHT Open-Border Wall-Street Globalist SwampMonsters!
Controversial?  Feigning ignorance of evil will not exculpate you. We know you know.
Impeach Trump Now! He is a White supremacist Nazi and worked with Russia to get Elected!
I dont know @ChuckGrassley but read these tweets for a whole different view of @ChuckGrassley
"I don't know him, but the only time I'll ever tweet about him is to share an article showcasing him in a positive light." Puhleeze.
Really are kidding us?
You are bad and you should feel bad.
This is ur reminder that the Attorney General of the United States committed perjury during his confirmation &You don't care.
Dum dee dum dee dum....I don't know him but I read sumpin.....that's really helpful!
if you dont know him, why are you commenting?
You really should know at least a little about President Bannon.
He's a racist, Chuck. Your refusal to admit this leads everyone to conclude that you are too. Please come to Story Co. So we can discuss.
I'm pretty sure if Obama had put a Black Panther as a political advisor in the White House you would know his DOB from memory.
I don't like Bannon too but without him there, leftwing democrats will be running a @gop WH. @POTUS
And @ChuckGrassley plays the "stupid Iowa boy" card. #embarassing
Is he affiliated with the CFR, military industrial complex, Clintons, Soros, McCain, or establishment?  NO.  I like him already.
Senator, it is disturbing you have done so little to educate yourself re WH advisor promoting white supremacism as head of @BreitbartNews.
He has been on Breitbart dating back 2014 few times, his lying  http://breitbart.com/national-secur …
#trumptaxes #Trumprussia #TrumpColluded #trumptaxmarch why are the GOP scared to get them release?
Would show how corrupt you and ur GOP is, welling to look away FOR YOUR TEAM?
While you sell our PRIVACY and you don't care why he wants to keep the press from covering REXXON and keeping the WH LOGS SECRET?
#bannon is for white Christian nationalist.That might be ok with you but being a Christian refugee from Sudan.thats un-American
Do you know Merrick Garland?
.@ChuckGrassley
Why didn't you research this & Trump's other associates before putting your name with their lot?
#AmatuerHour
Come on Chuck! You know all about him! 
to sum up, Bannon hates anyone that doesn’t have white, mottled skin like his own. Also… there are no different views
Chuck, tell us how you feel about being on the verge of a conflict with North Korea because of Trump's tweets? Are you concerned?
Isn't it kind of your job to know who is running the country? Asking as a constituent.
I know for a fact that your constituents wrote you with concerns about white nationalist Bannon (translation: racist bigot) in Nov'15.
You might want to take a closer look @ 45's "advisors," pal. SMDH.
liar
Let's just focus on the narcissistic sociopath who REMAINS in the Oval Office. I hope good senators like @ChuckGrassley will act if needed.
So, Theocracy? While flipping out about Muslim theocracies?!?  

What about "No religious test"?

Wake the fuck up, Chuck.
Oh please don't drink the kool aid Chuck. You know in your heart he is Satan personified. #FireBannon #StopTheInsanity #DoYourJob #IowaCries
You may not be good at your job
are you drunk bro...?
Allow me to introduce you to Mr. Bannon via headlines he approved of while working at Breitbart.  Any questions, Senator?
You're an ignoramus enabling a criminal.  Your comeuppance will be sweet.
Why on Earth would you NOT be the least bit curious about the person setting STRATEGY for the Executive branch of OUR government?
Sure seems like an equal and opposite branch of our government would be doing a risk and opportunity analysis, at a minimum, based on that.
Party loyalty cannot dissolve the checks and balances instituted by the Founding Fathers. And... BTW, Checks is listed first for a reason.
Especially while they looked away while a foreign agent had the highest clearance and sat at the NSC #FLYNN WITH BANNON
And Bannon is a prop for the #Mercer family. MAYBE @ChuckGrassley SHOULD READ UP ON THEM BEFORE PRAISING BANNON
no
Seriously?!  No vetting these people at all?  Assume all R's good?
I too have read Bannon has rumpled a few feathers.
senator, all bannon does all day is watch the history channel. please look into this.
Peggy Noonan is a fool. Obviously, the Pulitzer committee was drunk or being funny when they gave her the award. Bannon is evil,BTW.
Look at @BreitbartNews , that's all you need to know
If only you had the ability to sit down with the man and talk to him.  You know, like a powerful senator could. #lazy
You have zero credibility. You refused to put country over party. You're an apologist for a TRAITOR. Therefore, you're a traitor. #GreedyGOP
You don't know Bannon and you are a United States Senator???  Resign.
Oh he knows him all right.
I'm ready to be absolutely furious about that article. Thank you, Senator.
Puppet account
