
Grassley refuses to comment about his phone call with Trump, won't say if it was appropriate for president to call him amid investigation
We want access to Glenn Simpsons testimony.
Plenty of time to investigate our criminal President.
I need proof! there is none yet
Don't let Mueller impeach our president
No lock Mueller up-He lied under oath how many ppl spying on-Went from 47 to thousands - #Liar Hands dirty   http://infowars.com/why-did-hillar …
As in stacking the hearing today so you can shield Eric Drieband. You will never be affected bc you are old and rich. #shame
#MerrickGarland
IA resident. End anchor babies with the #DACA leeches if that ever comes up for legislation. #MAGA
I think you'd be shocked at how much easier your workload will be after an impeachment of the most racist potus in history!
still no proof of any of that
George Webb can help you with your case
Why all these hearings behind closed doors. It is OUR hearing(s) and you work for us. Make ALL the hearings public.
Are you going to make Don Jr hearing PUBLIC? We the PEOPLE DESERVE TO KNOW THE TRUTH. WHAT R U TRYING TO HIDE, OLD MAN?
No. 1 on agenda, impeach @realDonaldTrump
my question is why doesn't the DACA people just apply for citizenship? wouldn't that just solve a lot of this?
I agree Senator Grassley.
THANK YOU.
When will you be calling for a committee vote to release the Glenn Simpson transcripts? @SenFeinstein @maddow @Lawrence
Get to work and get your counterparts moving too!
?
What does this tweet even mean? Is this code? Would be nice to know what you are working on.
#EndH1b This is RAPE 
We need all Republican Senators to work in unison. Democrats are no help on anything. They are determined to see this cntry fail.
Good documentary 4 u 2 watch Amz prime "The Enemies Within" 20 Senators 80+ Hse Reps on take with Communist Party CAIR Muslim Brotherhood
How many times are you going to say this??  You do remember that you've written this over and over - right?
What about the young people in our workforce and military who will be affected by #DACA? Will you stand up to Trump?
Russia
....YOUR STILL TRUMPS LAP DOG YOU SNAKE. ITS YOUR TIME WITH MUELLER, WHAT SAY YOU SNAKE.? YEAH, ANYTHING TO HELP TRUMP
You know who to talk to about that, Senator
Save DACA.Stop trying to derail Mueller. Collusion with 45? I'd bring this up at a town hall but your meetings are small hand picked events
Why are you so eager to cancel work Chuck?  You have been yammering about this for a little while.  What are you wanting to delay?
#DefendDACA   Please give this priority.
When push comes to shove @ChuckGrassley is easily manipulated by Trump. Weak senator.
How are the Trump impeachment hearings coming along Senator? Oh yeah, you haven't finished with the Benghazi investigation yet? Stupid me!
You never should have taken the entire month of Aug off! Get to work and keep up with our @POTUS

You lazy low life need to work 5 days a week through november
Is priority 1 continuing #DACA ? Because it should be.
Any calls from Trump lately??? He might offer more for your loyalty and soul, if u play hard to get
- Start with the HRC/Comey scandal & #AwanBrothers scandal! If you ignore the coverup, you become part of it. @TGowdySC #MAGA
Good job Sen Grassley! Appreciate your ongoing committee work. You seem to be one of the very few we can count on to do the right thing.
You have Done very Little good Work for 35 Years why do you think you will start Now?  Impeach Trump 1st
Save DACA
You should defend DACA! It's the right thing to do.
BS!! Work all month Sept. time to get busy. Pass DACA! Egg on face! Six wks off, no more! So far, you are a disgrace. Amer ppl deserve more
Iowa is watching   

Not that you give 2 fucks since you're retiring but we're watching until such time
CHOP CHOP all of you @SenJohnMcCain @SenJohnThune @SenJoniErnst @SenCapito Let's get the #Impeachment on the Road. back to biz #Impeach45
We are dissappointed of some Republicans, their lack of support to help us. No more Mueller investigation.
The Dreamers said that they legalize their parents too, OMG..2,400,000 more will get Social Security, and Medicare? It will the ruin for us.
Sir,  thank you. We American people need Tax reform, Healthcare, build the wall.
#ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
You could call Sen McConnell directly instead of tweeting it. I bet he'll take your call.
Take the oath.Get rid of the Domestic Threat - a racist Putin backed president - who Lies and does Conspiracy Theories to Public #Impeach45
Why? So you can obstruct justice more? Maybe you'll learn 2 spell and write like pretty adult man 1 day.
Agree!
Hey Chuck, where's that transcript of the hearing w the Steele Dossier company?
You're a weasel
Lied..He LIED..and he LIES. and he #ObstructsJustice Corrupt and racist. No order of business more important than #Impeachment CHOP CHOP
STAY UNTIL IT IS ALL DONE! We do this in Our Jobs! WHY ARE YOU DIFFERENT? YOU WORK FOR US, RIGHT?
That's going to b a heavy lift, they've only had 6 months off so far this year 
Just plain cruel #TrumpGOP #daca
will you be deporting Melania?
Let's get rid of the Nazi in the White House CHOP CHOP . #TrumpRussia #TrumpRacism #Russiagate #ObstructionOfJustice #DefendDaca  #Impeach45
We need to question Mueller & his team. Reinvestigate Hillary & the democratic corruption.  Including FBI & State department. We the people
Fix #DACA and support the DREAMERS. This is their home. They've met every requirement asked, they contribute to economy/society.
Good question why does your party hate POC
TRANSLATION: About to screw consistency, will come back after @fox lies and constituency buys.
Hi Chuck, when you have a moment, can you explain why the @GOP hate non-white folk so much?
only the ones here illegally
Or the ones named Obama. GOP is trying desperately to erase @potus44's legacy, but Americans know that effort is rooted in hatred.
Nope.  It is rooted in law.  And what is best for the CITIZENS of this country, not the globalists.
Hobbling govt more effective now.
and impeach the lying demented orange blob of course - 

you have to contribute to that or lose all credibility.
What does that mean, Senator?
It's Time to #DeportMelania

