Is it the part where a group of millionaires decided to give themselves tax breaks by denying healthcare to 22 million Americans?
Where does this graph show anything that your statement just said? Hint. It doesn't.
I'm sorry if I assumed everyone could handle basic subtraction. Uninsured rate after GOP bill minus current: 49-28=21 (millions)
Your graph still doesn't show that though. It shows the percentage of Americans under 65 w/out insurance. Nothing about tax cuts.
The tax cuts are in the text of the bill. I highly suggest you read it.
Great deflection from my original point.
The bill is a huge tax break for the wealthiest Americans by cutting Medicaid which helps the most vulnerable... Pretty clear cut...
It is Nice that you Watch TV and Don't Work at Work! You could Stop trying to Block the FBI from doing their Job!
You're lucky to have your Senate health insurance. You won't be booted from a nursing home like elderly Iowans will if you vote Yes.
Just think if you voted for SOCIALIZED MEDICINE  U wouldnt hav to worry about NURSING HOMES. THEY BELIEVE IN EUTHANASIA. PROBLEM SOLVED
Capslock makes it more convincing.
ANOTHER Republican who should have other stuff to tend to.
What? Are you Ever gonna talk about healthcare? Do you want nursing homes to close? Happy 4th. Standup for Iowa! #voteno
Also, don't give up on questioning Andrew McCabe. Ask him, why he failed to report donations to his wife's campagn? What about #AwanGate?
What's the GOP obsession with TV? Sorry, can't have healthcare for 24M because Fox&Friends told us not to.
what's he talking about
it is octogenarian slam poetry
Incoherent tweet.
For context:

Put down your phone and step away from the Twitter before you embarrass yourself. Oh wait ...
hahaha
And don't give up hope for good health care! 

VOTE NO on the AHCA. It is terrible for Iowans ('tho darn good for wealthy people like you!)
We are counting on Reps. Officials to get healthcare bill thru this year because we might replace the Republicans with new.
I will not let my thoughts be controlled by Big Govt officials.
Is it about Hitler?
History is great. Sometimes you can even learn from it
Never give up Senator.
LOL... Chuck Grassley, a millenial??? THAT's comedy.
I'm willing to believe that he's a thousand years old.
LOL... he was our rep. when I used to live in Iowa back in the early 1980s.
There hasn’t been history on the @history channel in years - just like there’s no Discovery on the @Discovery channel - just reality and conspiracy tv.
step away from the TV and work for us. Healthcare?
Wow,Old Chuck is a learning
Are you planning to meet with constituents soon? This is important, you effect people's lives!  Vote NO on #BCRA
Still waiting for your 99 county tour to include Des Moines... more than 10 years without a TH meeting.  Some tour?
We had to caravan w/bunch of friends 2 nearby Repub county TH where GOP Sheriff patronized us saying we were paid protesters. Chuck visit CF
Is it about the "Death Panels" you warned Iowans about during the ACA debate? You have no credibility or integrity. Please retire.
@PatGrassley - Time for another wellness check.

Senator,vote no on Senate bill!
There's history on The History Channel? #anotherdumbtweet #stoptweeting
Are you sure? It was probably a commercial.
Has your GOP pervert in chief resigned yet?
how are you sir
I'm right there with ya Chuck...
I have one simple request on this 4th of July. GET OBAMA BEHIND BARS WHERE HE BELONGS. HIS INTERFERENCE IN FOREIGN POLICIES UNDERMINES PRES
THIS CAN NOT CONTINUE & IF "ANY" OF U REPUBLICANS HAD ANY GUTS U ALL WLD SAY SOMETHING. THIS IS BEYOND "TREASON". START SUPPORTING THIS PRES
Just this once look out for Iowa Seniors and sick. You will have to atone if you do not do the christian thing.
Think you should make History. Make sure that all Iowans have affordable HC.
There's history on History Channel, you don't say.
OMG history on the History channel.  Maybe you will learn something about your job
Hopefully it's about integrity of the Senate, Constitutional Duties, Responsibilities to Country before Party, How the Judicial Branch works
UR into history & ur politics are part of the past. You reallly should consider the future, @ChuckGrassley, if u don't want to b a dinosaur
Wish your staff did something like...respond respectfully to constituents once in a while. But, nah. #CheckedOutChuck
Hurry. Maybe it's Hitler or Mussolini. Fun times for all.
Your politics will not stand ground chuck .. Ryan and McConnell have been served notice from the FBI .. pls check .. mueller
You have received illegal Russian funding for your campaign .. you are next to be indicted .. lawyer up chuck .. bumpy ride
Maybe you should be checking into TrumpRussia so our country doesn't become a footnote in history
FYI there's also gardening on the gardening channel.
I'm sure you and your family love your healthcare...wanna share with the country you serve?
It's ok Chuck to give up. Walk away from politics. A lawn chair along the shores of Beaver creek is past due.
You should give up & resign.
Wow you sound so smart! Are you a senator? @washingtonpost @JoyAnnReid
You know what would be welcome on this Independence Day? Urge your GOP colleagues to stop dismantling our democracy
oh shit. hahaha @JohnFugelsang
Don't you have some town halls to set up, Chuck? And an executive branch to keep in check?
Is this code?
Too late
Stop Congress from working for Lobbyists
Where the hell is the Republican leadership? Spending more time bashing the base than anything.  Think we are going to forget or forgive?
History? Is it about Iowa senators putting Iowans as a whole before their 1% donors?
Please vote no on the health care bill. It will make insurance unaffordable for many more Iowans and will decimate rural hospitals. Please.
How much $ in tax cuts will your family get if the health bill passes? And how much did you sell Iowa to the Kochs for? Simple questions.
History Channel still airs history? what a novel idea
Really it sucks so bad! What happened to them! Nobody wants to see American pickers all day long! So sad!
Very witty.
The part where you said "The American people have a right to expect their President to be completely truthful"?
https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CDOC-106sdoc4/pdf/CDOC-106sdoc4-vol4.pdf …
Here's what Chuck has to say as he enables CIC to spout gibberish about North Korea.
Missed my one chance
To the batmobile! Or Twitter
That's funny. I turned on History Channel and they were talking about cannibalism. Thinking of eating the poor Chuck?
Maybe you should read the healthcare Bill instead of watching tv.
History is going to hate you.....
Great that you can afford cable bill. We turned to IPTV. Actually quality history shows, but let's cut their budget.
IPTV now: 11.2 Show on woodworking. 11.3 Show on Philippine Typhoon Yolanda disaster. Human suffering.
U.S. human suffering you will be complicit in on vote for health care disintegration for those most vulnerable.
You had plenty of characters left. You didn't have to shorten the word "should".
That's not his style, man
Gee, I wish I were a senator so I could do something about it.. #leadership
Yeah they should pass a law making the history channel show only history shows. Give us leadership Grassley!
#voteNO Listen to your constituents. Be on the right side of history.
U shld give up. I'm also surprised about history being on History Channel   So I'm watching Ancient Alien s. Went there. Ur ancient alien
hey you still planning to vote to deny health care access to the sick and the poor chuck?
How about doing your job? Our judiciary has defenestrated the 7Am, and you meekly mouth your blessing.
are you ok? Like this tweet if you need help!
So pathetic
I'm working. You should too.
Happy 4th of July. Thanks for all you are doing to reveal the evil truth of the past administration. #IndependenceDay
The evil truth? You mean more evil than the current administration? Do tell.
Here...educate yourself. Important thread fully referenced with downloadable images and documents. https://twitter.com/USNJack/status/869704841349779456 …
Sometimes I have no idea what u r talking about . This is an example
Please make History by disbanding den on HRC psychophants @ Special Csl get @POTUS agenda moving uncover criminal enterprise of Obama admin
#drinkcoolaidmuch?
What are you going to do about #Trumpcare Vote No! How about #Freedomofpress yes! Iowa is counting on you. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Please comment on Trump saying constitution is archaic and bad for US
You may not learn a whole lot but you'll be more likely to accurately price an old bicycle if you find one in a barn.
History of Las Vegas Pawn Shops
About time it's probably 64 years off though.
thank you @byrdinator
YOU are making history! Keep on Chuckin’!
thank you senator I am turning the channel now
Lmao
