shouldn't you vote on the nominee you've had for a year first?
are you serious. Shumer Obama tried to block Bush And he had 16 month.
who is Shumer Obama? Also Alito was confirmed in 2006, next opening wasn't till 2009 #factcheck
schumer and senator obama tried to block his hearing and failed. Fact check that
Good for you!!  Facts over fantasies always speaks truth!!
just in time for me to take Iowa corruption case all the way to the top!!
take your time!! What's the big hurry now!!??
now you want to your job.
please make it a conservative nominee.
Remember u said "let the people decide"? They did! HRC got 3 million more votes than DJT! You and he will never live it down
Forget the Supreme Court. You have bigger, more insane problems to take care of! Do SOMETHING!
what a fool you are for not jumping off the Trump train when you had the chance. It is too late for you now!
and what monster did you support????
Which Goldman Sachs exec will it be? Tune in to find out!
we will filibuster
hey, Senator Stolen Justice! I didn't think you knew how to have SCOTUS meetings. Alzheimer's??
what's the sudden rush? #annoyediowaconstituent
shouldn't you have done that a year ago?
That meeting, sir, should have happened a year ago!!  What an embarrassment!
That was quick--you wouldn't even consider Obama's pick. BS That you can choose not to do your job & get away with it
Why doesn't the Gov't hiring freeze apply to the judicial branch? #resist

and how is Satan? He doing ok?
where was that meeting 10 months ago?
Why didn't u meet w President Obama n help him w Judge Garland? You have no credibility Senator. Step down! @Acosta @kasie
Great, keep the people's business moving. Keep opponents off their game.
Did you suggest Merrick Garland? I think we can all agree he's qualified.
How about givng Merrick Garland a hearing for Supreme Court?
there are a lot more important things to take care of, like not f**king up our country! No intelligence in D.C.!
So you're finally going to hold hearings on Merrick Garland?
@GrassleyPress Any reason you didn't do that nearly a year ago when the vacancy first appeared? Blatant partisanship. 
the vacancy you've had a perfectly viable candidate to fill with for a year?
You are a Joke, Sir! You've ignored your Constitutional duties and embarrassed Iowans for the last year.
some alt right nut bucket hell-bent on our destruction no doubt?  Prob no degree in law since least qualified is the trend
Shame on you for obstructing for nearly a year.
MERRICK GARLAND!
Good! Glad you guys are finally moving on that Garland nomination!
this should have been done 6 months ago. Shame on you.
did you tell them to stop messing around with the USDA-ARS scientists? GOP Senators from ag states need to step up.
Bet money he's a complete dick.
Oh, so NOW it's important to you?  Party before country...I'm very disappointed, but not at all surprised.
.@ChuckGrassley And it doesn't bother your little ethical heart one bit that your party would not grant Obama this same priv?
somehow I'm guessing this one will actually get a hearing
that you kept Obama from appointing. That was a racist and white supremacist act, sir. Shame on you.
I thought you were going to let the people decide, and the people voted 4 HRC. You should talk w Her.
Do you think public servants should perform their duties regardless of the political party in power?
Funny.  I'm pretty sure there already was a nominee for that vacancy.
Such low energy Chuck. Did Mitch have to elbow you to wake up.
did you express concerns over lies?
Please put in someone decent
You will be remembered for this terrible act of partisanship over country, as well as your demagoguery re: death panels. Ugh.
just to be clear sir. Dont forget, mom just got home from the parade your judicial selection better be fair.
Why don't you leave it empty?  Any position that can go unfilled for a year probably doesn't need to be filled at all
are you ok? 
Please reassure me the EPA will still control commerce if they are polluters.
You and your party continue to embarrass this once Great Nation.  Please #resign out of embarrassment!
FRAUD Financial Terrorists on WALL ST LOOTING AT LIGHTENING SPEED to Take down TRUMP
are you considering Merrill Garland?  It's a shame how he was treated.
@cbs2iowa should have already been filled by last president.
Chuck were their Democrats there 2? How cordial was the meeting?
as a registered voter in IA, I demand you work on a nominee who will protect women and minority rights
you should be ashamed
only took 7+ months to do your job
you're like a year too late
while you were there did you mention how badly we need trade not only for agriculture but all products
@jasonnobleDMR Which right wing white guy do you think It will be????
thankfully Mr. Trump won & its making you look brilliant sir.
I am an Ankeny, Iowa resident and I will never forget your treatment of Merrick Garland! You should be ashamed of yourself!
and how were the Dems in the meeting? @kyleraccio
Now you do your job?!? Did you finally meet w/ Pontius Pilot about that whole "Jesus Problem"!?!
Maybe you should stick to tweets about the things you've done well.  You're obstruction on SCOTUS replacement is not one.
In 2005, you promised all judicial nominees an up or down vote.  Why did you break the promise in 2016?
extremely disappointed that now you are apparently proud of yourself for doing what should have been done by now.
@cbs2iowa  So sad Sen Grassley will leave office without his integrity. So many good years then refused fairness to Garland.
Shouldn't this had been something you said 6 months ago?
I assume we are going to wait for a new President so the will of the people are taken into account, right?
-You and the other Tea Baggers are the reason people voted this Nut Job in .! & Fox News !:! You've ended America !
Proud of u Mr. Grassley.  U are such a hard worker.  Live it!
You mean the Illegitimate Supreme Court vacancy.  Please show some spineand actually vet the nominee.  No more rubber stamps!
Is this an old Tweet from 2016 that just got posted?
Merrick Garland?
vote no for devises
Are you going to obstruct this one for a year too?
@AlexNBCNews 2 words MERRICK GARLAND
@MAGAtrump5 Sen Grassley doesn't tolerate shit, we good
I hope the Dems never let you get one in, not for 4 years. It would be better than letting you scary nuts choose
Is he gonna nominate the deer
nice of the big boys to include you
