Did you tell them how much you sold your butt to trump for?
Ethanol
Chuck can you grasp at some more straws your boy is guilty money laundering , obstruction of justice , mueller has him by his  orange nuts
Support the ACA and tell your buddy to denounce the literal white supremacist Nazi's already!

#Lavrov: Was FBI Director James Comey fired? You’re kidding! 
Comey Testified Decision Not To Recommend Charges Against Hillary Came After July Interview - Yet Wrote Memo Exonerating Her in Spring!
Not true.
Release Fusion testimony !!!!!!!!
Since you have taken bribes to go soft on the investigation. The American people deserve a open testimony from Jr.

Grassley refuses to comment about his phone call with Trump, won't say if it was appropriate for president to call him amid investigation
30 mtgs defending a criminal  administration. How many lied on security forms?  In confirmation hearings? How many votes stolen?
Sen Grassley, re open Hillary Investigation, you have evidence Comey Obstructed the Law. Pass Tax Reform and Build the Wall. The 63 million
Fusion GPS testimony transcripts NOW!
How many of the meetings were open to the public?
Your 99 county meetings aren't even open to the public most of the time.   #bigfatliar
Wait, you're trying to represent Iowans?  It's hard to tell...
You are getting played by Trump. Don't carry his water. He thinks your are a rube.
Chuck we need to see the Fusion testimony
Yes I guess by cancelling nafta by the orange buffoon , , that's really going to help Iowans . It's time for you to retire .
Question To US Citizens
Do US Citizen's Children Come Before Illegals
Should DACA/Illegals Pay Less For College Our-Of State Tuition Fees
Take any more bribes today to try and derail a proper Senate investigation? How would you know what or when Comey decided to do anything..
Instead of sliming a honorable guy, why don't you do your job
EXCLUSIVE - Mueller has Comey firing letter that McGahn kept Trump from sending @nytmike and me https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/01/us/politics/trump-comey-firing-letter.html …
The old man is lying,He met with a chosen few.
when will Comey be held acxountable and Hillary indicted?

letters are ok- but action is what we need.
I think the best thing to do is to get rid of the Insane Clown @POTUS deemed dangerous by Yale Scientists CHOP CHOP #ImpeachTrump
Who the hell cares! You have done nothing in Washington!
Then why don't you? We need your help more than Putin does! Protect 2018 elections, DACA, privacy of voting registration....and on...and on!
Maybe consider support of DACA? They are as much our future as other immigrants and citizens.
Did you see Mike and Frank? Love their show on the History Channel. 
#Impeach45

Good job on Fusion. Release info. Reopen Clinton. Build the Wall. Tax Reform. Kill ObamaCare. And all Republicans (non RINO) get re-elected.
Hmm..leaks..
Understand you think Clovis is good nominee. Maybe you aren't aware of his racist comments about Obama& more, not a scientist,climate denier
Iowa Federal Judge put hundreds of immigrants behind bars while husband invested in private prisons http://www.motherjones.com/crime-justice/2017/08/a-federal-judge-put-hundreds-of-immigrants-behind-bars-while-her-husband-invested-in-private-prisons/ … via @MotherJones
Did you know this was coming, Chuck? Is this why you helped trump? You don't want to go down with trump, right?
Why dont you get a copy of the draft exec order that GrifterPotus' employee Carl Icahn wrote, to screw your consituents.#sendamessage
How about looking at Comey's violation of the Hatch Act last Oct? He sank her campaign. Officials should not influence elections!!
#GOP is making our country a Banana Republic
If American peeps know our elections are foul, people will stop voting. Repubs have a faux commission while this ->
Instead of being bribed by trump (what does trump have that so woos people?) Chuck needs to focus
Mueller Investigated: it's like a cop sees someone robbing a bank but chooses to ticket someone for J walking. Boy the Massive Corruption
Comey was very concerned about the Tarmac Meeting. Sure because it interfered with his cover up of Hillary's crimes
You met with .00001 of Iowans. You completely ignored the majority of IA's citizens. Double-talk doesn't fool us.
Just when I think I can't love you more, THANK YOU for your dogged pursuit of truth & justice. More times than not, you've been the ONLY one
So Trump bought you off with an ethanol promise. Putting corn before county in support of Russia and @realDonaldTrump
WHY R U STILL COVERING FOR DJT? HE IS A KNOWN CROOK, ARE U?
Did you give .Trump the highlights of FusionGPS testimony? You're a traitor.
You didn't tal about corn, you talked about Jr. And the BS letter about Comey. Resign.
You're still doing everything to shield Trump from accountability, which makes you, sad to say, a piece of crap.
Listen, pack up ur desk dude. Ur finished. Mueller will find out y ur doing this for Mother Putin. WE SEE U YO
Grassley needs to be removed from any committee that involves russia investigation. Looks like he's been bribed
Why are peeps so easily strong armed by trump? This won't end well for you
Did you cover for Trump today? #NeverVoteGOPAgain
I heard the Russian KGB has paid you millions for your TREASON, TRUMP and THIEF Neil "Evangelical Christian Sharia Law" Gorsuch too
No man has fought harder to OBSTRUCT JUSTICE, Torture/Murder the innocent for his racist, vicious Christian Faith, than Treasonous Grassley
Should you be Protecting Trump if he was a Democrat? Trump is a Lying Traitor and you are a True Red Republican!
Justice! Give America a break from GOP White Collar Crime. You are supposed to work for us - you know - The American People!!?!
Any questions regarding Hillary should be adressed to Russia, you surely have connections there.
Help him trash Comey and add Hillary on top. $150k Pie! This will be out in all leak outlets. Dont you know old man this is obstruction of
I have just been made aware American People Trump actually promised this Senator that he would give him a major "pie" grant for Iowa should
Chuck Grassley attempting to help Trump shows how corrupt and dangerous conservatives are. For God and country vote the Republican party out
Looks like Chuck is all in for Russia. You are unpatriotic to America but a good soldier for Putin. #russianpuppet
OMG, please vote Chuck Grassley out please vote the corrupt Republican party out. Trump followers are a cult and has put America in danger
Chuck Grassley is on Trump's payroll. Chuck Grassley and other Republicans are colluding with Trump to conceal treason.
Thank you sir! Seems you have some libs needing their color crayons and play dough.
Still waiting for a town hall (open to the public) in Linn county...#doyourjob
Both you & @LindseyGrahamSC wear a public face decrying subterfuge in government but act to block & discredit Mueller Special Investigation
Maybe Senator Grassley wants to be part of the Russian Probe and be locked up.
All of America is watching you..Your taking bribes to go soft on the investigation & trying to derail?We want the Steele/Dossier transcripts
You're blatantly colluding with @realDonaldTrump.  Stop taking us for fools you damn traitor!  Tell Putin we said hello.  #TrumpRussia
You were on the wrong road b4; now w/this continuation of HRC bs, your legacy is toast. You're going down in history as a treasonous toady.
Every time I see you or Graham flip-flop between honor and party, I am rendered heart-sick. Do we have any champions of honor in DC? Not?
Ahhhh.... what a guy won't do for ethanol.
Cheap price to buy a man's integrity.
Are you watching the press have a field-day with your reputation? I sure would be ensuring its protection. trump WILL go down, somehow/way.
Trump has supported ethanol since Jan. 2016:
Here we are June 2017: He didn't call you to chat about ethanol. Trying to influence investigations.
And what did you learn was important?
Snake ! Can't trust none of them.
Whoa, you are going to town for trump with your letter to the FBI. Not another subversion of the Judiciary on his behalf! Honor for corn? 1/
I would bet that Iowans don't respect bribery, subversion & foreign adversary meddling in our governing. Nation at risk of losing all values
You could represent me if you cared more about me than your party. #Impeach45 #stopsuckingup
Better leaders and less Fake ones too.
Allow the truth to come out on Trump. This country is torn apart from the divisiveness; Corruption; hi-power White Collar Crime. We deserve
Against him. The American People demand the Truth come out. Not to be hidden by old men who want an 1800's styled America. Stop sheilding


Comey investigated her Russian retreived 30k emails properly. He is trying to shield Trump from Mueller by dirtying anyone who testifies
To push toward fair Investigations into Trump Russia-gate, he is busy asking the FBI to get all files on Clinton out to him to make sure
Chuck is losing it. Sad.
Really on Clinton. Beat the dead horse much? Just makes you look spineless and bought by the trump con Machine. Let's look at those don ors.
Country over party!!  You r doing what Trump wants u to do!  Shame on u!  We know why Comey was fired!  Emails ...really? #trumprussia
American People, instead of this Senator going back to work to vote on raising the Debt Ceiling; passing budgets to keep the country going;
You're giving false cover to a conman! History won't be kind 
It's your job Chuck. You have been on vacation for a month.
Trump calls you yesterday "about ethanol," today you release this "info" on Comey. Neither smart nor honest. Embarrassment to IA.
So now you discover dirt on Comey. After Trump's lawyers strategize that smearing Comey Trump's best chance. How convenient.
So you're bought and paid for right chuck? You're a disgrace to the office!
Yeahm i second that; what does @realDonaldTrump have to lose? lol
Kremlin shitbag
I love how interested trump is all of a sudden in corn right before your committee talks to Jr. It's all so gross
#RepealThe17thAmendment You are supposed to represent your state.
Voting to keep Estate Tax will help us Iowans. Few exceed $10M exemption.
Chuck we deserve to know if there is a damn traitor in the White House
But, he doesn't listen to anyone other than his supporters...ignores the other side.
You represent trump and the gop not iowans
Country over party Senator. Go back to D.C. and create yourself a legacy. Be the IOWA senator you were long ago. #DumpTrump
I suggest you all start discussing the future of coastal communities. Houston is a tragedy. We must plan now for future storms.
Not a dime of my tax money better go to that wall. It's a huge waste of money.
Why is there someone who defrauded college students now working at the department of ed?
Get rid of price gauging by big phRma!
Get rid of Citizens United and all that dark money. We need Medicare for all.
Thank you for your service, please get to the bottom of our FBI, it's getting ridiculous!  Making republicans look weak!
FYI-GOP IS IN TRUMPS POCKET-NOT FBI.
Don't forget corruption:
In all 30 counties, did you show them your Merrick Garland butt plug?
Do you have 30 Days in DC this Year?
HELP THE PRES THAT WE ELECTED (ALONG WITH YOU &JOANIE) DRAIN THE SWAMP!
T---p's presidency depends on tax breaks for the rich
Baloney. #fake99countymeetings
OMG - read what you wrote. Now. Read what we write!! See a problem? YOU NO LONGER REPRESENT THE MAJORITY OF IOWANS. Worse..? YOU DON'T CARE!
Hi Sen Grassley. What was no 1 concern sir?

Hi again. Fusion GPS docs? We're waiting.
Ok Chuck...what is the plan for the 40,000 iowans that aetna is kicking to the curb on 12-31-17??.....we need affordable Healthcare Chuck!!!
Party over country- Quit lying.
How's that taste of bribe pie Trump gave you?
Time to move on from @HillaryClinton not committing crimes when RNC involved in taking Russian $$ ...
Do about what? Learn the law, then learn @ChuckGrassley is corrupt & @realDonaldTrump is a treasonous criminal.
I admire you, sir! No townhalls in NC. We haven't seen 1 of our NC Sens in 3 yrs, the other only made a 2016 campaign stop. Both #NeverTrump
Hey Chuck, heard a rumor you were interested in 'Russian adoptions'. Are you going down like the ?
Nice work, Chuck. Now get to releasing the 10 hour transcript of Glenn Simpson's testimony. Like you promised.
There were    within those constituents.
Trump trying to bribe you .  Most of us think you'll go for it. 
@FoxNews
Discuss w/45 his son @DonaldJTrumpJr investigation?
You need to listen to Iowa values and Trump does not share Iowa values. Time to retire
Your Clinton distraction is a smokescreen.
How did you represent us when you went against majority of Iowans on:
Devos vote
Garland obstruction
Healthcare vote
Background checks
...
He doesn’t.
Obstruction!!! You're pathetic

PLEASE get #TaxReform done asap! Can you help Push 1 Bill for Hurricane Harvey NO PORK...if that's not bipartisan time to fire all Start new
Unless Trump calls and complements you on your corn. You've already proven you put your party over the Country.
Thats the way to do it! 
No statement on DACA?  What on Earth would be the reasoning behind deporting children - many working now - other than spite/hate?
Please congratulate Chuck - he's up to Level 2.0 on his Rosetta Stone Russian dvds.  Almost fluent, which helps w/ defending POTUS.
Impeaching trump is a good idea.
