.@ChuckGrassley It's Merrick Garland's seat. Assume norms dead
no it isn't. Nobody owns a SCOTUS seat
Garland was nominated and never received a vote. Still only legit nominee.
no he isn't. Senate didn't have to review him. Nowhere does it say they had to.
TIL saying Garland doesn't own a SCOTUS seat is racist.
which clause did it violate?
@Gabesmom sorry to say it but Senate must change rules/go nuclear. Shame on Shumer & democrats.
say it with me, slowly if that will help you remember, #MerrickGarland
And this-Shumer says no #SCOTUS appts for 18 months for lame duck Pres.
We wil have to see about that.
how quickly they forget! Or perhaps it's easier to lie to American people. Forgetting is forgivable. Lying isn't.
says the lady who posts Breitbart as a source lol
*garland
will never be SCOTUS justice. Get over it
im not over it yet jillian
lol well keep whining about something that's totally legal and been done before also reaffirmed by the voters 11/8
doesnt help, jillian. im still not over it
well obviously. But you're only hurting yourself whining about it. When it's all totally logical and and legal
thanks for checking in, jillian. not over it yet.
okay well that's really good anyway I was just giving you some friendly advice..My name isn't Jillian & I love #liberaltears
He is not my President! Gorsuch is not my justice. Turn your attention to FBI and Russian interference!
wouldn't be necessary if you'd held hearings for Judge Garland #GoDems!
You ruined the Senate forever.
sort like you did for eight years and held out scotus...? hmmm.
Remember that time Tom Cotton filibustered a qualified appointee.  Whatever happened to her? 
Yup! You proved your point with Butts and Garland. Hint: sometimes you should just not say anything to avoid embarrassment.
I voted for BHO twice. It's BHO's appointment. Garland was his choice. You don't get to take my vote away. the gop is done.

@ChuckGrassley Merrick Garland.
While legitimacy of the White House is under investigation, it's 100% appropriate to block a nomination for a stolen seat.
You have ZERO room to be pointing out other's partisan tactics while feigning a moral high ground!
if you lie to your constituents it's obvious you'll lie all the time, like a liar liar pants on fire.
is Merick Garland ringing any bells?
Seriously?! Garland never got to a filibuster bcz @SenMajLeader wouldn't allow courtesy mtgs much less a hearing!
What an asinine thing to say given the circumstances and Gorsuch's extreme ideology.  @ChuckGrassley
Let's test your theory and put Merrick Garland up for a vote #ArtOfTheNoDeal
Hypocrite Don't u remember how the #GOP treated #MerrickGarland? BTW, #TrumpRussia & we still want 2 c #TrumpTaxes
Repeat after me Senator - the seat belongs to Merrick Garland. You stole it from him. You did that.
You can't be serious.
go home old man.
My senator:Knowing the intel, how can U in good conscience believe it's right 2 move forward on nominee-espec. after Garland?
Gosruch is a horrible partisan. One of his decisions just got stomped on by SCOTUS. Is this the best Heritage could do?
I take exception to this tweet coming from someone would would not even hold a hearing for a year for a SCOTUS pick.
you are irrevocably harming your legacy. Disagreeing on policy is one thing, but BS is BS.
If you refuse to *even consider* Merrick Garland, it's obvious you'd refuse to consider anybody.
Come On Man ... What if the shoe was on other foot OH! that's right GOP obstructed for a year falsely citing Joe Biden!
Let's have a hearing on Garland first. Then we'll talk!
NO. Would not fillibuster Merrick Garland. GOP's despicable act has come back to bite you. #karma
Yes and they should filibuster him unless you're ready voice your not voting to confirm Gorsuch who is unqualified
Where was this attitude when Judge Garland was nominated? Same old GOP hypocritical BS. GOP=Greed above People. #resist
Why should the Democrats support a man who would roll back the clock to the 19th century that's a fools errand
.@ChuckGrassley kinda like what the @GOP #Senate did to Merritt Garland. I never heard nomination was withdrawn... Gorsuch jumped the line.
Go have a conversation with the other side, maybe apologize for changing the rule on them. Work together!!
did you join in racist blockade of Judge Garland, nominated by a Pres who didn't commit treason to steal an election?
What goes around, comes around or have you forgotten your obstruction last year? Get a dictionary, learn what lameduck means!
you wrecked the process by your dismissal of Garland. Do what you will, but history won't be kind to you Senator.
@senjudiciary There's more to it than that, Sir! #darkmoney #russiagate
@kellyannepolls @potus @vp @presssec @SpeakerRyan @DevinNunes #Bannon: "COME OUT WITH YOUR HANDS UP!" #PreviewOfComingAttractions 
Merrick Garland
C'mon BOTH parties have refused hearing 2 outgoing POTUS nominee N last year. It's been happening 4 decades. Nothing new here
He just sat your ass down. You can go now. Close the door on your way out.
Oh my God, get a CT scan.
@OrioleMom A president under investigation by the @FBI for collusion with Russia should not be making lifetime appointments.
Hilarious. I don't have time for your kind of self indulgent ignorance.
I'm a Democrat, but in this case, I agree with you. Judge Gorsuch is qualified. They should focus on treason in the WH.
Do you remember a man named Merrick Garland?
Chuck, encourage the "Nuclear Option", then we can get on with BUSINESS AT HAND.  The Democrats set the president, now we can
hollow words - what did you do to Merrick Garland?  This is your game.  Enjoy.
not true, not all judges put corporate interests over life- the man is shameless
yes, you figured it out 
You are a glorified waterboy for the Trump Team.
If you'd not even give Garland a HEARING, it's obvious you'd refuse to give a HEARING to anybody.
As was Judge Garland HYPOCRITE!!!!
SCOTUS doesn't want him - neither do we.
Two words: Merrick. Garland.
How was Garland unqualified, sir? Your logic would be sound if GOP precedent wasn't set last year.
Garland should be voted on first.
Such a f'ing hypocrite
Merrick. Garland.
It's Merrick Garland's seat. You have no mandate from the majority of Americans. You'll find out next year.
that's right
said the pot to the kettle.
<<<<< just another hypocrite who puts Party before integrity or country
If you block a President's nomination in the 4th year of the term, you clearly haven't read the U.S. constitution.
Shame on you. Illegitimate judge
If you block Merrick Garland it's obvious you don't care about the will if the people.
what was wrong with Merrick Garland?
.@ChuckGrassley #stopGorsuchVote until after #independentCommission findings are made public. #investigateTrumpRussia #followtheMoney
yet you couldn't even do your job & give Garland a hearing. SHAME. SHAME. SHAME.
true because this is a stolen seat...SHAME SHAME SHAME
@JackrabbitFans Garland's seat sir.
garland didn't have the votes. Past that the seat belongs to the people.
that's right u stole the seat.. what u did is not a crime but it should be. #taintedseat #StolenSeat #SCOTUS #fraud #resist
the POTUS is under investigation he does not get to pick a Supreme Court judge!
has zero standing to talk about fairness. Zero integrity. Zero decencym
When you denied  Garland you made it clear your bias and we should challenge at every turn.
what about Merrick Garland? You hypocrite?
I think you would filibuster your own lunch order if you thought you could get a campaign contribution #pander #stevekingally
funny you should say so after your melt down over Garland
@AliAmtiger MERRICK GARLAND.
Same could be said about you and blocking Garland.  Hypocrite.
says the guy who ignored the constitution and stopped Merrick Garland from getting the nomination.  #GarlandNotGorsuch
Or it's obvious that, when the legitimacy of the presidency is in question, there's valid reason to limit the impact.
Republicans did not filibuster Judge James Merrick, they did something worse.
its a seat that should have gone to Merrick Garland.
Are you seriously that devoid of honesty? He is not a humanist he is a corporatist. Unlike Merrick Garland.
You used to be moderate and reasonable, what happened fam? ;(
I'm trying to decide who's the bigger hypocrite, you or McConnell. You're both so completely full of BS it's hard to tell.
You have zero credibility on this issue, zero standing upon which to say this.
= hypocrite ^
No so, they're looking for someone with a beating heart.
GOP stall on Judge Garland was politically motivated. A quasi filibuster. You're a hypocrite, you've lost moral high ground.
#MerrickGarland
kinda like what you did to Garland? Looking the mirror & say he wasn't qualified
I don't personally agree with that strategy... but if they do it, didn't they learn it last year?
This is Trumps last year of presidency so........
If you'd be legislatively obstructive, lazy, and partisan rather than for democracy re: Garland... #TheResistance
Gorsuch has shown an inability to accurately apply the law why would you vote yes?  Follow the #SCOTUS and vote against him.
I'd laugh but this is just sad. You do not possess the moral high ground here.
I actually hate you. I hate literally nothing else in the world. Nazi's? ISIL? Don't like, but don't hate. You? You I hate.
You mean Cassandra Butts or Merrick Garland? Seems to me turn about it fair play..get use to it.
Just anybody nominated by the #IllegitimatePOTUS
if you would block Garland for no reason other than politics it's obvious you'd screw anyone over
I hope the filibuster doesn't go past 8 PM.  
Well, at least you haven't politicized the process (since you won't get, I'll explain this is irony!)
no, just those who would ignore the needs of individual to support corporations, and the 1%.  #RESISTANCE
Merrick Garland.
How come You didn't have a Vote on The Man Obama nominated????
You're. A. Hypocrite.
#GarlandNotGorsuch
You basically filibustered Garland by not even having a hearing. #hypocrit
It is a STOLEN seat!
Merrick Garland. #GOPHypocrisy
You, sir, are a hypocrite. You were paramount in stealing Judge Garland's SCOTUS seat. You should be ashamed of yourself.
hypocrite much?
if a pres. with 1 year left was reason to obstruct, you'd think FBI investigation on Administration would hold things up.
why rush, complete treason investigation of Trump first so you don't taint the nomination. Wait, that was Garland ..
it's time for you to retire.   Stop torturing us with your hypocrisy.
- It's only partially about Gorsuch. Real issue is not letting Putin's puppet regime nominate anybody. Impeach, then confirm.
Keep talking and digging a bigger hole. It's a #StolenSeat. You didn't have the decency to give Garland a hearing.
, They'll take the 'game theory' option and Filibuster. Go ahead, Nuke.
That seat belongs to Merrick Garland or KEEP IT AT EIGHT! You planned to keep it at 8 if Hillary won!!!!
are you kidding?  You filibustered garland for a year.
You have no leg to stand on here #MerrickGarland
No. It means you are a fair and just person seeking to do the right thing. You have been neither fair or just with SCOTUS.
You have a lot of nerve saying that after denying Garland a vote.
shame on you, we will remember you with our vote.
you'd know obstruction when you see it, you hypocrite.
we could say the same thing about you and #MerrickGarland
well at least he gets a vote, right old man?
Merrick Garland
Hypocrite much? #MerrickGarland
Heritage Foundation should not be picking lifetime appointment to SCOTUS. #GOPfail #flustercluck Obama 8 years scandal free POTUS. Garland.
anybody appointed to a stolen seat, sure.
you already broke the Senate. What happens now is really just ... Necessary. Let's rip the bandaid and move on.
You effectively filibustered Merrick Garland for a year. Thanks for the tip.
In a hurry to confirm him before the indictments start.
We would not have filibustered Merrick Garland. Garland is a typical GOPer. All in for corporations and fuck thelittle people
No. Someone more moderate would get through.
Chuck slow down you're going to wear your little fingers out!
you know this is about Merrick garland a travesty thats never been addressed - address it and we can move on
He's a company man white supremist bigot. But he's real folksy and humble.
Best if you didn't steal seats then Sen. Your robbed President Obama of his right to nominate. Shame on you. Shame. All GOP.
If you turn a blind eye to need for an indep investigation of this admin, it's obvious you are complicit in the corruption
Well yeah! The president is under FBI investigation for collusion! He shouldn't get nominations until he is cleared!
Merrick Garland.
AMEN.
I felt the same about Garland
two words Merrick Garland. Whatever
You are the last human being who should comment on this. You let America down.
#GarlandNotGorsuch You cowards blocked for over a year. #SCOTUS
Merrick Garland.
Why are you so eager to confirm a nom by an admin under FBI investigation? What does that say about your morals?
OMG WTF MERRICK GARLAND
Partisan politics doesn't look good on you. Maybe stop being a hypocrite.
Especially one just unanimously overturned by SCOTUS. And he wants to play with the big boys?
and if you'd deny Merrick Garland a vote it's obvious you don't respect the Constitution.
we didn't need to confirm for a president in his last year then, and we don't now.
Wow- Hypocrisy at its finest-good with Treason- no hearing for Garland- You sold Iowa and America out.
wow... people here know you well.  A sad hypocrite, supporting traitors, putting party before country.
you have some damn nerve after not even giving Garland a hearing. Go away old man. We've had enough of your BS
“Anyone being investigated by the @FBI is NOT qualified to be President of the United States”-Trump Aug, Sept, Oct, Nov, 2016
Unlike giving him a hearing means you'd give any legitimate nominee a hearing. You and your conference have no shame.
Senator, at least be willing to say "hey, we played politics, and we won. Get over it." Why the pious charade?
WHat do you call what you did to Judge Garland?
MERRICK  GARLAND  MERRICK GARLAND... 
pot calling the kettle black, eh?
nooo.....it is Mr Garland's seat
you blocked garland for no reason
#MerrickGarland
bwahahaha! U blocked legit prez SCOTUS pick for NOT popularly elected, possibly treasonous joke's pick, & u demand respect! 
When you blocked Merrick Garland it was obvious you'd block anybody.  Just stop! You don't deserve to act butt hurt on this.
#MerrickGarland
This seat cannot be filled until Russian investigation is over.
I disagree with their decision to filibuster, but perhaps Dems are upset that YOU refused to hold Garlands hearing.
but I understand your oversight; it was only literally your job. - Your Constituent
You are unbelievable.
plz resign and spend your remaining days at Windsor Hts DQ I will personally buy you a dilly bar
OMG yes!!! I would donate to that! 
None of you have credibility to talk about decency, qualifications, or nonpartisanship for scotus. response to garland was final nail
How about if you refuse to have a hearing for Merrick Garland?
Garland was entitled to a hearing, at least. Republicans like you have no room to complain about anything.
Wow, now you've pissed off your constituents. When r u up for reelection cause you are done.
HYPOCRITE!!!
Yep. Now you understand. You stole this. If and when pretend-Justice Gorsuch gets on the Court, #deligitimize
Spare me your false outrage, Mr. No-hearing-for-Garland in a year Senator! #TreasonCantBRewarded
Mr Garland would have like to have a chance at filibuster...
I'm not a judicial partisan but human decency and fairness would indicate a Garland-like nominee is appropriate.
If you refuse to meet with #MerrickGarland it's obvious you'd refuse to meet with anybody. #eightisenough
