The behaviors you exhibited towards @alfranken today were the definition of weakness. Not impressed Senator
88 replies to this tweet and none of them care about your bullshit summit meeting.  Please Iowa vote this commie out
The @gop is CORRUPT. Investigate Pence, Ryan, McConnell, Nunes for COLLUSION. #trumprussia #russiagate #TheResistance 
Iowans with a Dumbass for a Senator want you to recall Jeff Sessions to explain his blatant perjury before your committee
extremely ashamed u r not asking sessions back to explain his testimony.
Never mind that. There is something seriously wrong with your cowardly refusal to recall liar Jeff Sessions for questioning
You seriously need to resign if you are going to work for Russia rather than FOR the people of the United States. #DoYourJob
.@ChuckGrassley This.
Umm, Sessions VOLUNTEERED that he was a campaign surrogate. Then he volunteered that he had not met a Russian official. Some trick question! https://twitter.com/woodruffbets/status/839163669405700098 …
Did you tell them you don't think they deserve healthcare?
You need to apologize to Senator Franken. Stop covering up for your friends. We deserve the truth!
"Gotcha" Did y'all learn that word from Palin? Nice. Good one to emulate. (SI)
What a whiney bunch you denture wearing white Republicans are ... wah wah wah .. poor Jeffy had to endure hours of questions
Why are you sticking up for someone who lies under oath? Especially when it comes to Russian infiltration into the whitehouse
sessions committed perjury of his own accord. No gotcha question asked. @alfranken is right. #Trumprussia #votethemout
#DoYourJob
good work Grassley. Frankin was stunned.
Tell your pal Sessions to quit working for the Russians and answer questions truthfully this time. #Perjury
"Gotcha Question?"  Excellent (pathetic) excuse for #perjury  #hypocrite
I love AL Franken.   You should take lessons and learn honesty and integrity
franken is just reading a script. He is totally disengenuous.
UR confusing a "gotcha question" w/a "moon gotcha." Ask trump- but mind ur privates. If U see the moon, he'll gotcha crotcha.
call Sessions back to explain himself. Have you no shame!
thanks for standing up to Franken today.
Was this before or after you attacked Senator Frankin? Talk about off the deep end! Deplorable behavior for a senator
I think, he as a lawyer after highest legal position in country understood question better than anyone. He toyed with answer
what you would have to prove is sessions talked about the campaign. If dems could prove that, theyd say so.
franken asked did sessions as a surragate meet russians about campaign. Sessions said no. So not a lie.
How long do U plan on backing up Trump nut-bag? Conspiracies of Obama wire-tap, Russia scandal etc.. U R boxed in a dead end!
DO YOUR JOB!!!   Al Franken does his job...
Are you kidding?! It was not a "gotcha" question. A simple straightforward question that was dodged. You & Sessions: pathetic
Gotcha question? You should be ashamed of yourself. But the word shame isn't part of your vocabulary. Party over country 
Don't Reelect Sen Grassley and Chaffetz they have no integrity they don't care what they say,Say no to alternative facts
gotcha  @alfranken is right
How do we go about investigating Chuck Grassley? What did he know and when did he know it?
You're done bozo.
gotcha question if you plan on lying about your Russian ties! Jeff Sessions screwed up. Trying to cover it will not help.
Most arthritis sufferers will have no healthcare & no social security when you come up for election, if you live that long
You and your party are corrupt. All of you should resign immediately.
I have arthritis, proud not to be an Iowan, then you'd represent me. You represent Putin & his money launderers Ross & Drumpf
why don't you want Sessions to come back and testify?  Do your job and get to the truth!
and after attending this you'll not break party line and destroy healthcare. Don't you see the irony?  #Obamacare #doyourjob
and if an AG who should be intelligent to hold honored high legal position can't understand a question-He is unable to do job
they better get insur straight.ARTHRITIS is prediagnosed cond.If having a bad time & lapse a pymt-they'll B penalized by 30%
how are the RUSSIANS BLACKMAILING YOU chuck?

#GOTCHA
.   Please review the tape ( video ) exchange between @alfranken and @jeffsessions . Not gotcha. Liars are in vogue , I guess.
Iowans with arthritis don't want the ACA replaced with Ryan's SCROOGE plan vote for your people
Why aren't you asking the "gotcha" questions. When is Trump going to introduce term limits.
Grassley's mind is like an express train from Boston to Philadelphia 
that drops you off in Tampa

Nice #CRY at franken 2day
Seriously, do you have Dementia?  Worried for you.
Country b4 party! Sessions LIED and should resign! @SenAlFrank is 100% correct, No #gotcha ?. Asst. AG seems willing 2 lie 2
We've got a lunatic in the White House and you're worried about poor little Jeffie getting a gotcha question, enough, please.
Forget arthritis under Trumputin Admin. FAKE PREZ is peddling absurd #TrumpDontCare health plan. You are as shameless as he!
I guess you're willing to sit back and let this lying fascist fraud in the White House wreak havoc on our democracy, are you?
the pipeline spills into Oglala watershed & makes the bread basket wasteland. Maybe Iowans will pitch fork & lantern you then
This is a gotcha statement, time for you to retire and go home.  You've lived off the government long enough, RETIRE!
Senator I take it up the Assley, watching you embarrass yourself & ignore your oath yet again makes me want to root for...
How many with arthritis and Obamacare would lose coverage under GOP plan?
Stop the obstructing. Call Jeff Sessions back for in-person Qs re Russian contacts. No one believes he didn't discuss Trump.
Do NOT be distracted by PGOTUS fantasy conspiracy tweets. Trump ties/conflicts interest w/ Russia undeniable. Investigate!
Your job is to ask questions that are challenging during a confirmation process. Spoon feeding Sessions isn't anyone's job.
gotcha question? It was a simple yes or no, Chuckie
What did @ChuckGrassley know and when did he know it?
why are you a self-righteous sack of garbage? Honest question. When Sessions is demonstrably caught contradicting himself?
DO YOUR JOB. The whitehouse has turned into an outhouse of lies and turmoil for US. Take a stand and remove him.
It's only a gotcha question if you lie.
#Gotcha a little rattled there, didn't you? It's only going to get harder when you #InvestigateTrump for FCPA and Azerbaijan
Understand @SenAlFrank was correct. @jeffsessions lied to America. He needs to resign. Your pal or not. #resist #russiatrump
EVEN PAY A DIME. YOU POPULATIONS SHOULD HAVE THE SAME COVERAGE AS US ON SOCIAL SECURITY! !!!!!!!!!!!
THAT WE NEED. IF I WAS A WELFARE BUM I COULD GET MY DRUGS GLASS SO I CAN SEE AND A HEARING AID.  GRASSLY YOU GET THAT DONT
I have arthritis and am having my insurance taken away by YOU!! You suck!!
IT BE NICE IF THE GOV. WOULD STOP TREATING PEOPLE ON SOCIAL SECURITY LIKE SECOND CLASS PEOPLE AND HELP PAY FOR ARE DRUGS
