why are you not investigating Rice and Clinton and the wrong they did. They need to be accountable!
Fact check please. Politifact is there if you google it or just go on believing  what suits your narrative.
You wouldn't know how to function in a bipartisan manner if it bit you.
Abt. your twisted narrat. of the so called victim trump, maybe you shld fact check. Propaganda runs rampant.

I love the word bipartisan!
When are you going to prosecute Hillary etal. and Comey? Face it you need to complete this task or step down for someone else to do the job
You are a crazy democrat conspiracy theorist! If anything the @GOP has let this Trump Russia lie go on for too long.
WHEN ARE THE #CLINTON & #ClintonFoundation HEARING @KellyannePolls ,#AGSessions Has 2 Call 4 SP to Look in2 matters,FormerSen on a FormerSen
Amazing how they've been doing your job, working at snail's pace, thanks to DC obstruction. Pick it up!!! @SenateGOP  @realDonaldTrump
Y not under #oath ? U n ur @GOP r putting #partyovercountry u r aiding n abetting #treasonous behavior, #shameful respect #Constitution
Vote No!
You are a trump puppet I hope you pay for your stupidity in doing this not under oath
have seen you in action trying to discredit Comey, McCabe, FBI investigation--you are deep in a coverup for WH and GOP #GOPCorruptAF
@LindseyGrahamSC @SpeakerRyan what the heck is going on? Destroying the pillars of democracy. No one is worth you Discrediting the FBI.
I have never known Republicans to be so disgusting in my life - allowing such terrible behavior and insane rhetoric from Trump is just sad.
Vote NO on health care bill today
Trump says "JUMP!"..... Grassley says "HOW HIGH?"
Hahahaha you're so full of you're more transparent than cellophane. Put them under oath and with public testimony, sellout
We don't want the Koch bros healthcare. Stop trying to repeal Obama care.
Are you upholding American values or party needs?  It's time to listen to the needs of your country. We need to bring order back to USA
Don't understand why they're not being put under oath

How's it feel to betray ones country?
Oh shtup you frickin liar
When will we get assurances that testimonies will be under oath?!
You not know the meaning of bipartisan. We saw you after March SCIF you know Trump colluded. Party before country is your mantra.
When will you grow some courage as an American and tell Trump to back off Sessions and quit interfering in the daily biz of DOJ?
Glad to see one person in our govt. doing the right thing.
God, you are despicable, Grassley.
Grassley how about you get off the Russia witch hut and stop pissing off the base? You freaking RINO
Coward!
What I really, REALLY want to know is, what's in this for you? Seriously. How is this helping u?
Talk's cheap, Grassley.
You should try the bipartisan work with health care!!!
And now he's brainwashing kids. Add that to his list of crimes. Oh wait. Forgot you have turned a blind eye to all his crimes! Complicit!
Fll wrds or thrdd twts plz   Aka: Full words or threaded tweets please
Funny
How can it be bipartisan! More like propaganda when your not calling in Hillary or her campaign! People are not stupid!
And you have no idea about what your voting on tomorrow for healthcare. Wake up Chuck! The people in iowa do not want repeal and replace
Stop lying. You're carrying Trump's water & doing things for a fellow Repub you'd never do for a Dem -- just because he's a Repub. 1/2
Some things, like national interest, should be above politics. Some things are more important than "which party does he belong to?" 2/2
Still waiting for the scheduled Wednesday hearing! #donaldtrumpjr #manafort U owe it to the public. Nobribes, rodeals, FULL transparency!
Lol, yeah okay.
Mr. @ChuckGrassley What happened to the public hearing?  Please! We deserve to know what's going on. Politics aside, Country First!
Unless they are guilty they should have no problem taking an oath to tell the truth. Show that wealth is not a factor here. Oaths for all.
Make them do what you would do. Testify under oath. They need to be held to the same standards.
CORRUPTION ABOUND @ChuckGrassley !
Who got to you?? On table? What about NOW? You're selling democracy to the lowest bidder.
Sounds like you're being transparent. But I doubt you are. I don't trust you or your motives.
Release the transcripts Chuckie! You demanded Hillary Clintons 11 hours be public why not Trump Inc???
Nice cover up, Chuck!
Wasting our time and money but of course we're powerless aren't we sen?
Hold accountable. Indeed Chuckie.
your nothing but an old ho for Trump
U r making a joke of dis nvestgation! U shod hav made dem go under oath n a PUBLIC HEARING!  U r trying 2 obstruct truth frm coming out!
No more political games.  Public testimony under oath.
Actions speak louder than words. Given your past, this strains credulity!
How about you make the hearings public and put people under oath? That really holds people accountable and isn't just for "show".
Frigging Pro-Trump/Putin cop-out. America deserves to hear testimony of Russian Colluders per Trump Jr's emails. What R U hiding Sen?
when is #WassermanSchultz getting a subpoena for smashed hard drives the FBI took today??
Do your job to protect the country from Trump and his gang of traitors instead of obfuscating.  Aiding and abetting is also a crime.
Sen.  I don't believe bipartisanship is possible w/ Sen Feinstein.  She is political hack
By allowing them to interview this way, they have leverage to refuse future requests to appear under oath or in public. Bad move.
The people of Iowa are patriotic and won't overlook what you are doing. You are putting Russia 1st by allowing their agents off the hook.
Why are we wasting time and not going straight to open session and under oath? We deserve the oppty to make our own assessments.
In True Nasty Woman form, Hillary testified for 11 hours, UNDER OATH, No immunity, and they couldn't lay a finger on her.
Hope you didn't buy his " I never read the email" in spite of Russia-Clinton in the subject line !! Total BS the prepubescent president lies
You're stonewalling, but it looks bi-partisan. D's have no choice. You need to be in the minority let the professionals handle this crisis.
I wish America could trust your independence and objectivity Senator. Need to see more than support for standard Republican talking points.
I  want to see all Trump family members & WH staff members associated with the Russians testify in a public hearing under oath.
You look like you are doing your job, but really you are just delaying and giving us bait and switch. Make these sessions public, period.
You r a joke and just destroyed what LITTLE credibility you had left. Your space in the swamp is waiting. #complicit
Feeling the ?
Save it, Chuck. Your words mean nothing, at this point. We're watching.
Peony
Why behind closed door?So public can't hear questions and answers?Everything is a secret..no wonder everybody so suspicious .. no trust SAD
I thought you represented the good people of Iowa where my grandparents were born and are buried, not the sleazy con in the WH. Shame, shame
You are a coward by flip flopping to make Trump team happy (party before Country as always with GOP)
Why did you not have all on the table today? It feels like you are hiding/protecting something.
Grassley waiting on directions/instructions from Trump
Chuck, you are exposed now dude. You are ALSO a traitor now.
Would you be open to working with democratic senators to improve the ACA? Bipartisan work is good for American citizens.
Why protect Russia Chuck? They're not our friend. Wake up @GOP !
PUBLIC TESTIMONY, CHUCK!  UNDER OATH....!   (yes, all shouties because you sold us and the country out)
Then why is there no investigation into HRC (Uranium One, Clinton Fdn) and who unmasked Mike Flynn?
When will he be under oath? How many times will these people lie, brazenly, without being made to abide the rules like the rest of us??
The public deserves right 2hear what's going on behind closed doors, it involves our country and powers that be colluding w/a hostile govt
FOS ..@GOP your days are all numbered for being a player in this farce

Why? What is there to hide? Oh, we KNOW you already know all the details because of your security clearance. It is galling, @ChuckGrassley
@chuckgrassley belongs in jail.  Covering for crooks
Under oath??? Might be good!
Do the right thing for your country @SenateGOP @HouseGOP all have a part in this coverup. America deserves better, @GOP are betraying 
That interview was garbage. Accountability is only under oath. Kushner "testimony" is fake and so are you. Get off your high horse.
Two words for my you, my senator: MERRICK GARLAND. So sfu.
Keep trying to convince us Granpa Chuck. 
Kitten, I'm pretty sure #JaredLied
Isn't good enough. We are in PERIL, Sir.
Traitor
You are just as nervous as @realDonaldTrump and trying to explain the inexcusable.  Sad day for us Iowans.
You seem Russian Compromised too, what's with this no public interview not under oath of DonJr Paul & Jared?
But why not under oath? Can you explain that decision?
The public deserves to see the transcripts from todays #Kushner meeting. #Democracy demands the transcripts. #America1st #KushnerTranscripts
And are you going to release the transcript publicly? Because Iowans deserve to know what you asked on our behalf.
Ryan, McConnell & all GOP are ignoring  infiltration of Russia in Trump's WH bcuz GOP GREED OUTWEIGHS PROTECTING THE USA & OUR DEMOCRACY.
You are covering their asses. We see through your act. @SenFeinstein you both will be held accountable. Complicit behavior.
Right. Because you're going to "send in a marshal"? The hearing you scheduled on Wednesday shows where your priorities are.
Under oath! This is making a mockery of our democracy.
We want public testimony.
Explain why Kushner was not willing to testify under oath. It sounds like he was planning to lie, and your committee knew that.
You don't require oaths. You don't require truth or facts. You are going through the motions & GOP intentions are very transparent.
Why aren't Don Jr, Kushner, and Manafort being questioned under oath?
Actions speak louder than words!  That Russian Kool-Aid is exceptional, eh Senator? @JoeNBC @DavidWetherell @msnbc @nytimes
Iowa has NO healthcare providers in less than 6 months. http://Zippo.ZERO ! I guess maybe that's not your *most* important concern.
Idiots! Now let's do something about that Hillary chic!
Just remember to always choose Country over party.
There is so much evidence, yet you @SenFeinstein do nothing - put country over party & do something - enough to impeach - let's go
Why did you let them duck public, under-oath hearings? You're looking awfully suspicious right now.
Why wasn't Jared under oath?
What about Manafort and Don Jr??
How as an American could it be "testimony" when it wasn't oath. What Mob are you & @SenateGOP backing? 2018 NO MORE BS UR ALL GONE!
Why are these interviews being held out of the public eye what is the @SenateGOP trying to hide?
U cn alwys use mr tn 1 tweet 2 mk sur UR cler. This msg nt undrstble
Americans are tired of two separate sets of #justice! https://www.facebook.com/OverpassesForAmerica2/videos/1470896196283042/ …
I would have thought anyone with top level clearance would be subject to being under oath. Pandering to trump?
Although, one might ask, "Why didn't Chuck put them under oath?"  Do that and we will see if you are not a sycophant of Trump.
Problem is, Sen., you've lost your cred after Garland, Sessions, and no accountability for Trump financial corruption.
On the table *wink*  *wink* 
Let me expound on your stmt: but I will NEVER let happen because I love @GOP more than USA...
We see through your silly, pathetic smokescreen. You have failed us.
Are you being a patriot, Chuck? I hope so. You have a ways to go to prove you are not a sycophant of Trump. This is a start.
It should have been public PERIOD!
When will you be releasing those transcripts to taxpayers who pay your salary?
You know who is happy about your lunch date with Junior? Putin. He's probably bragging how you're under his thumb.
How about making it PUBLIC and under OATH to start instead of HIDING or COVERING for your fearful leader? who do you work for - THE PEOPLE!
Lol you know you can do two tweets right? Doesn't cost any more.
You're taking it light on them as a form of cover-up. You are compromised as well, losing any credibility.
Trump lies to all of us everyday, not under oath means nothing. You and your party aren't fooling anyone.
Let's get bipartisan talk about getting #healthcareoffwallstreet
You are dragging your feet until Trump fires Mueller and then you''ll try to sweep this under the rug.
Yes. We want the transcripts. And hold your ridiculous questions about HRC.
You hold NO Republican to rule of law.  You are a HYPOCRITE.
In the end, Trump will force conservatives to decide if they love rule of law more than they hate liberals. I'm not confident in outcome.
Why wasn't this public and why wasn't he under oath?
Remember @ChuckGrassley YOU ARE A PUBLIC SERVANT not a TRUMP SERVANT
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/889165601800769537 …
https://mobile.twitter.com/Paxman42/status/888890642033758210 …
Horse puckey. Define accountable. Junior thinks the story ends with each new lie he tells and you're letting him get away with it.
Why are they not testifying under oath??!
Press Release: Grassley sends cryptic tweet to justify why tumpkins don't have to testify under oath in public.
You sir, are a COWARD! You took an oath for the American people!  Save your meaningless words! You knew you'd back down! So did WE!
Please stop with this "bipartisan" charade. If you're going to sell out your country, at least be man enough to own it.
Why not do it RIGHT the first time? In public and under oath! Otherwise you're just demonstrating gov't waste of time and $$$.
Call Chuck's office and tell him that the people demand transparency.  We are done just taking politician's word for things. (202) 224-3744
We are watching you, bud. Only actual patriotism and adherence to the truth is acceptable. Don't disappoint us.
Coward
Call Chuck and tell him that we don't buy this garbage.  The people deserve to see this testimony..   (202) 224-3744 (Office)
This is an OUTRAGE! How does anyone propose to hold them accountable for being honest if they're not under oath??Who are YOU colluding with?
Should be under oath!
Justice denied in the case of multiple felonies committed by Hillary Clinton makes a mockery of your efforts!
Stop gaslighting America and stop covering up for the criminal traitors and money laundering mobsters.   Stop obstructing  justice GOP.
Under oath as you stated on record. Why trust what you say? You have seesawed some many times on this issue.
What a bunch of bull. Put them all out in public for god sakes. Why do you keep hiding this?
- Awan Brothers cyber security threat to congress hack unmasking interview DW Schultz who employed them   Why ?
Not under oath?  I doubt any Obama official would have received that kind of treatment. Don't mind partisanship. Need consistency/equality
I Call BULLSHIT!! In private not under oath doesnt help shit.Not like under oath they tell truth but then u bust them for perjury.
just because you've been there since time began doesn't mean you can't be removed from office
Won't hold my breath on you doing the right thing.
You are a total disgrace. There is no excuse for this hypocrisy and you will go down as an accomplice to the ruination of our country.
He should have been under oath
you should be charged with collusion as well as obstruction of justice
You have become such a disingenuous hack. You will be remembered for appeasing traitors.
You really seem to be going out of your way to cover up the fact that you bent over and showed your disgusting "party b4 country" BS. #FRAUD
We must restore faith in our institutions and the rule of law no matter what the cost!
HRC testified under oath in an open hearing multiple times because she has a spine and bigger balls than the entire feckless @GOP combined
In other words, "kid glove" treatment for Mr. Kushner.
U DON"T LISTEN 2 @GOP voters VOICE! All U @SenateGOP R WEAK &ignore our @POTUS TRUMP agenda! U DON"T fight 4him who represent us! @LouDobbs
Oh Senator, you are such a disappointment to the people of Iowa. When will you stand up for democracy?
We know U, Chaffetz & Graham are up to no good! We know y'all are on the personal payroll of Kremlin! We are watching & seeing! #crookedGOP
WE NEED TRANSPARENCY NOT BEHIND CLOSED DOORS
That doesn't take away what you are doing behind the scenes to kill this investigation .
Grassley got business with Kushner and Russian tie He not working for American's
I don't believe that there is any bipartisan work going on in Congress.
They need to testify under oath.
They'd still lie, even under oath.
@HillaryClinton testified under oath w/NO immunity offered. You treat your party with little kid gloves. America doesn't see it as fair.
@HillaryClinton was a boss = 11 hours straight. How about we see the same treatment for your party? Americans want that. We deserve that
YOU ARE PART OF THE COVER UP @ChuckGrassley.  I'm surprised @SenFeinstein hasn't called you out!
Sounds like a rehearsal dinner.  Practice with no binding commitment!  Shameful!
You are playing with our democracy! Remember it may have been the democrats this time but next time it may be your party! Putin hacked u 2
Why then, did Hillary have to testify under oath? Why are they immune to the same treatment? Doesn't square with the truth.
Right... Closed door. No transparency. Cut the BS Chuckles. You don't want to release the truth. @SMShow @JoyAnnReid
What are you hiding Grassley? What will come to light on you? Why so ? Sell out
So charges against Sessions lying still on the table?
