Congrats! It's my 19th anniversary with my husband. Good day to get married!
It's my 30th!  Definitely a good day for an anniversary. Congratulations to you both.
You too!!
My parents 36th... they got married in a small village in Ethiopia... Great day to get married in deed!
Congrats to them!
You too!
wow! so that makes you around 85 and put the missus at about 21?
Happy Aniversary 
I'm late but congrats. That's amazing considering some ppl cant manage to stay married 63 months or even 63 days.
At least she has her husband my was killed in 9/11 for which Grassley has no respect
Happy Anniversary Blessings  to you both.  Thank you, Sir for all that you do for our Country.  Thank you for supporting our President Trump
Happy wedding anniversary - sorry I am so late
For anyone married 63 years, dealing w/ a North Korean dictator should be nothing. Happy anniversary!
Glad you both have excellent healthcare paid for by the American taxpayer.
No, I'm not when he puts the politics of his disgusting party over the well being of  the people he claims to represent.
Did you and Trump have the same English teacher? Communication skills are essential, and yours are lacking.
Congratulations!
Congratulations !  What is her name:)?
63 YEARS? Where did you meet her? Day care? By all means, CONGRATS.
Congratulations Sen. and Mrs. Grassley.
Congratulation!
That sounds wonderful Mr. Grassley. Retire and enjoy what is left of your life together.
Happy Belated Anniversary. Hope you have many more.
Congrats! That shows true commitment!
Congratulations Mr. & Mrs. Grassley !
Congratulations! Wishing you many more!
I see you received SuperPac money from Donald Trump Jr.s
New Attorney. 
congratulations
Happy Anniversary!
start going after the crooks in Washington DC
congrats to you both.
Congratulations!!!!!!
Don't agree w/ your politics but congrats 63 years is awesome
Happy Anniversary
Wow!  Quite an achievement in this day and age.  Congratulations and many happy returns Senator!!
Happy anniversary!
Statesman, Gentleman, Husband.  Git 'er dun another 63 Senator!
https://twitter.com/sandraopines/status/900402902895874048 …
How wonderful
Congrats. Hope your day is Epic
Congratulations!
Sept. 18 will be mine & my husband's too! 63 years! Congrats to the Grassleys
Awesome!
Happy Anniversary! Blessings for many more years to come! 
Congratulations!!!!#loveforever
Congratulations!  A true example for all of us!
Sir Chuck, that's one heck of a happy milestone that congress can't hurt.  Now, pls approve of Sen Goodlatte's request for spec prosec. Sir
Amazing!  Congrats and many more!
Happy Anniversary.  Congratulations!!!
Congratulations
Congrats!
Congrats! Perhaps you will retire and spend your final days together? Gosh knows you've done your part for Iowa.
Mazeltov.
Congratulations to you & Mrs. Grassley on 63 years! (We are going on 33 years.)
PLEASE stop @realDonaldTrump from destroying 228 U.S. years.
Congratulations
Blessings and congrats!
Happy Anniversary!  I hope the two of you have many more years together!
Congratulations!
assume deer dead
Congrats
Congratulations. We are at 47 yrs. But then we are just youngsters though
Give her the gift of IMPEACHMENT
Happy Anniversary, from a Liberal Democrat.  That's one heck of an accomplishment--63 years.  I hope you have many more happy years.
Congratulations!
Congratulations!
Happy Anniversary
Happy anniversary Senator & Mrs. Grassley. What is the secret sauce behind your longevity of marriage. Congratulations!
Celebrate by impeaching trump
Happy Anniversary 
Congrats.
Great, the country is being destroyed and you do nothing. Have a great anniversary
Happy Anniversary!
What a blessing     
Congratulations!
Congratulations to you and Barbara, Senator! 63 years is simply, impressive and inspiring. Cheers!
Congratulations!
Congratulations!
Congratulations!  That is a true accomplishment #Grassley63Anniversary
Happy Anniversary!
So, at some point does appropriate anniversary gift revert back to paper!?
I know a lovely anniversary gift you can give Mrs. Grassley: leading your colleagues to remove our demented and dangerous president.
Happy 63rd Anniversary to Chuck & Mrs Grassley! May God continue to bless you both with many more happy years together
Tremendous accomplishment, congratulations! 
How old are you?
I hope Il Duce sent you flowers
Happy Anniversary 
Happy anniversary, Mr & Mrs Grassley!
Congratulations; Happy Anniversary!
Congrats Senator. 63 years wow!!! God  Bless!!
Congrats 
So shouldn't you retire?
Make it memorable. Impeach
Happy Anniversary!!
I don't applaud your politics, but do applaud your 63 year marriage. Good stuff. Congratulations to you and Mrs. Grassley.
Congratulations to you both!
Happy anniversary!
My parents anniversary too.  Congrats
That sir is a long time. Congratulations to you both on your anniversary and commitment to each other
Happy anniversary to you both.
Congrats chuck.  We don't see eye to eye politically but I respect you and feel you will do the morally correct actions.
Does she have a name, Senator?
Well...Do you think the marriage will...
.
.
.
Work out?
Congratulations!
Congratulations! Now retire so y'all can go off into the sunset!!
Good for the both of you, you need to tell your secret!
Congrats! You must have been very young when you married!
Many, many congratulations!!!
Xu7
Congrats.....
Congratulations sir, that is a milestone few will ever reach. Awesome example of what love truly means.
WOW!
Wow! Congratulations on a long, beautiful marriage. 
Congrats, Senator!
Blessed day
Happy anniversary. Please retire.
Happy Anniversary! Many more!
Congrats!
Happy anniversary! Love is grand! #love
Congratulations!!
Well done Charles, remarkable, thank for your service to our country, and the institution of marriage thru good times and bad.
Happy, Happy Anniversary
And you remembered!!! Congratulations!!!!
Wow congrats
Try some butt stuff Senator
I just realized that you have been married as long as I have been alive.  I was born in 1953.
Congrats to the two of you! Keep up the good work for along time to come   Let's keep working on healthcare  doubled the cost with less cvrg
Congratulations, Sir! That's love.
God bless you both. That is something admirable. Now please start impeachment proceedings.
Happy Anniversary and kiss Ur wife for her patience in putting up with U.  None of my ex's could put up with me. U had better luck. Congrats
Amazing. Congrats! 
Wow. Congrats
Wow!  Congratulations. Not many can claim that.
Congratulations senator and Mrs Grassley!
Congratulations my 39th
Happy Anniversary!
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY
Wow! Congratulations!
Happy Anniversary and congratulations!!
Wowsa.  Congtrsts!!
Amazing Grace to both Grassleys, and wishes for many more years of bliss.
Congratulations!!!
Good to know that you're able to celebrate. The rest of the country lives in fear because a sociopath is at the wheel.
Well congrats, that's quite an accomplishment that must be celebrated.
Get the country involved in your happiness......Impeach Trump!
Congratulations on so many years together!
Happy Anniversary
That's nice
Wow congrats!
Congratulations to you both!!
Happy Anniversary!
Congratulations
I congratulate you on sticking true to your wife and companion, and she, to you.
Congratulations Senator Grassley! That is quite an accomplishment! Hope you have a wonderful day celebrating!
Helps to understand your senility
happy anniversary!
Happy Anniversary!

Congratulations! Thanks for your service, sir.
Congratulations...
Hat's off to you, sir, and my condolences to the lady, as my old Irish granddad used to say.
Happy Anniversary & God Bless You Both 
Im praising the Lord, for you, Senator!!!!!
Congratulations, that is awesome!
Congratulations!!
Congratulations.
Congrats but job was never meant to be a career. Time to leave & give others a chance. You don't want to be another Strom Thurmond
That poor woman, being married to an unprincipled, spineless, complicit windbag of a politician for all these years...#deplorable
Will you "let them eat cake" in celebration?
Congratulations!
God Bless ya both!
Happy Anniversary to you both.
Congratulations
Congratulations
Give her the ultimate gift, help impeach trump!
Holy mackerel! Congrats!
Congratulation!!!!
Happy anniversary, Senator & Mrs. Grassley.
WOW !!!
My mom & dad made it to 70 yr.  Dad is still living AND voting in Iowa.  He wishes you would get on the impeachment train. 
#ImpeachTrump
Congratulations and blessings, sir.
Congrats!
Many congratulations to you and Mrs. Grassley. (I'm a native Iowan, now in CA. My dear parents' anniversary would have been/is tomorrow).
Happy Anniversary
Happy anniversary.
Happy happy happy anniversary and God bless you on your special day. Randy and Sandy Folkerts we love you. Keep up the good work!!
Congrats sir. Love your use of emojis here 
Congrats now go back & work like a good Republican instead of obstruction
Such an achievement! Thanks for all you do!
Congrats.
Wow! That is an amazing accomplishment. Congratulations!
What is your secret?
