Worked 4 co.that supported 1000s "TATA"workers frm India,displacing Americans + USA corps wi svc.reps overseas≠good
how would you recommend fixing H1B?
Drain the swamp and replace it with WHAT exactly?  Russian compatriots?  Wall Street? White Supremacists? Oil?
LOL! Drain swamp?  Trump is the swamp, the slime of the slime, and he's putting more slime in the admin - all corrupt
Coming up on a year, since we've heard from you on this.
Yay!
Lol yeah OK besides the fact he applied for H1B visas for his vineyard workers do yourself a favor and get far away from @realDonaldTrump
H1B visa abuse help keep the 1%ers who control American firms remain embarrassingly rich
Anyone that means to end th H-1B and the J-1 (student visa) program will have my vote.  H-1B is on decline new way to enter US for jobs is J-1.  Both programs must end.
Merit Based with verifiable exp/ed along with 100 thou + min sal $
you've been in Washington since 1975. That's 42 years. Sweetie, you ARE the swamp.
LOL..I know right..Chuck is at the bottom of the swamp..lol
Rep Grassley-6yrs? How about 15+,trained my replcemnts in '02;had 3 trainees, each learned a different facet of my job;saw one reading an "Intro To" manual;not quite highly skilled,I might add;awful experience. Told Congress too,they didn't care
@USCIS @4US_Workers @Dawnnewyorker
Most h1b knows know nothing. Come for money. No morals. Sheilding themself. I use to Work for fortune 500 company lost  job at young age.  I didnt worried much because there are other opportunities time to learn new things. Slowly regrated. @POTUS is Hope. We have his blessings.
Drain that swamp!! Please!
we waited 1+ yr for you to give Pres Obama his hearing on Garland. Pathetic.
you're a liar,same as @realDonaldTrump and rest of his criminal enterprise. You're reallyok with 3m/weekend?!? Really?
suck-up
Right On
Thank you @ChuckGrassley.
Wow good for you. Shall we look into your ties with Russia??
I think there might be a lot of casualties to Republican seats come this mid-term.
- hopefully Grassley & @SteveKingIA  are a couple of the casualties.  Time for a change in Iowa!
drain swamp, drain healthcare, drain meals on wheels, collude with Russia, alienate our allies #byepoorandmiddleclass
Trump doesn't care about the ordinary person on the street.
Trump doesn't care for any ordinary person on the street. How's that?
Well he wants to scrap Meals on Wheels for starters. Many elderly rely on that vital service.
Oh, I agree! The "I'm for Jesus" but screw the poor, elderly, &sick people  don't.
That's very mean.
That people who claim to be for Jesus but would deny healthcare for sick, elderly and poor aren't walking their talk?
.@ChuckGrassley Senator- ur the senior R senator on judiciary committee & Trump won't take your call??!! Ask @SenSchumer for help?!
it would have been funny if "this is your body on Liberalism." As is....yawn.
I don’t know who are you to judge...cast the first stone if you are without sin...second of all this is not your land this is God’s land it belongs to everyone,hatred and jealousy will send you to hell remember that on judgment day may God Bless you
How about we end the visa program that allowed tRump's whore wife to work illegally before she married the Orangutan in Chief? She violated visa laws then and should have her current visa and/or citizenship revoked, sending her back where she came from.
You've been in congress since 1975. You are the damn swamp
You are.......... I can't!
What is deal with rural ppl so opposed to immigrant labor. Not like they're taking jobs farm eqipment used to do
you have been in office as long as I've been alive. And I am over 40 yrs old. You ARE the swamp. #midtermsarecoming
how amazing that you have low enough intelligence to think trump is "draining the swamp", when he's doing exactly the opposite.
most corrupt administration in history.
you've been in congress for 41 years, you ARE the swamp.
- BUY CLUE - kiss your job goodbye. When you lie down with dogs...
Congress WAS GOP-past 6yrs
Trump Winery requested HB-FOREIGN Work Visa-
guess no one living in Virginia -NEEDS a JOB
I predict this administration will expand the H1B visa program, suppressing pay for American IT workers like me.
great job! I am sure @realDonaldTrump is busy draining the swamp already, patience Mr. Grassley, your time is coming!
I believe every American would VOTE on this. We have many people in this country qualified to do these jobs..America First!
You've been there since before I was born. Aren't you a huge part of the swamp Senator? #resign
You realize that the Trump Corp. has been applying for these visas don't you? See Trump wines and Mar-a-lago
term limits!!!! We need term limits!!
hahaha swamp was filled w/rich putin snakes
you guys are the swamp
Doesn't want to drain swamp; just U.S. of democratic values and consumer of wallet buying all things trump.
Drain swamp @,Chump Tower. Deposit half of the slugs and snakes in WH. Other half deposited @ Maralago. Swamp expanded
so when do you leave Chuck?
well u are hanging your hat on someone who uses H1B!!! Good luck!
you're celebrating him and he won't even pick up the phone when you call . A bunch of circus 
YOU are the swamp...
@WI4Palin @POTUS #operationDRAGNET demand files!!!!!
you pretty much are the swamp by now.
Poor Iowa!
You know Pence will sign it for you Chuck. Trump is a lost cause. He has to go and you know it.
@RepDennisRoss y'all are getting voted out so hard. Can't wait. Denny, make Lakeland smart.
lol Really all GrifterDT/Bannon did was fill up the Cesspool! Shame Sir you choose Party over Ppl! Disgusting
but then where will you dwell?
the only fix is reigning in corporate greed. Stupid!
I never knew you had a sense of humor! Thanking the Russian puppet who's moving Goldman Sachs into "The Swamp!"
Ya know, Chuckles, Trump Wineries hires H1B workers, right? Expect deaf ears. Nice #russia deflect
You've only been in the Senate 6 yrs? Actually you spent the last 8 yrs being a member of the Party of NO...ACTION
I see you, Grassley.

#ChuckGrassley

#trumprussia is the swamp
Wow, this is what a cucked Senator looks and acts like
U BOTH R SAD! Senator u forgot u were elected to serve all the people & not serve yourself 
why did you delete these tweets? Something to hide?
The White House lawn is now marshlands dude.
With all due respect this president is involved in a Russian coup to take over our country. You need to be protecting us.
Are you kidding me? He's not draining the swamp. He's filling it with Russians.
Well this feels quite humiliating.
I don't trust him at all. Don't follow him into the swamp. #IowaFirst
Hey that how they get labor for the "Whitehouse South".  Hope you watched 60 Minutes tonight!!!!
I think he is trying to make a point. And the only way trump would even listen is on twitter. He is intentional.
Good Job @ChuckGrassley
Your legacy won't be what you think. Children will read about you in history books under traitors who put party>country.
David Laufman ?
and chuckie you gonna go down the drain like da detritus you is!!
you were doing so well up until this tweet Just couldn't resist a shot at Obama. The black guy is gone it's all on you

get more of your friends to do the same Chuck 
you ARE the swamp.
lol
Anytime now you can rollback salaries to $75,000 No Ins,No Pension, 1 office 3 staff total. Rep & Sen.
this is your problem and your fault. @POTUS is here because of GOP corruption. Take what you bought and pay for it.
WE SEE YOU. We see what you’re doing. You’re floating in the swamp. We’re not stupid.
"Fixing" H1Bs means fewer doctors working in rural states like yours. https://www.google.com/amp/s/mobile.nytimes.com/2017/03/18/us/doctor-shortage-visa-policy.amp.html …
the swamp is Trump and the entire Republican party.  Self-drain, please.
After the meeting you & Sen. Feinstein had with Comey the other day, you're still sucking up to Trump? Not smart....
since this administration took office, that swamp filled up even more.I don't think draining it is gonna help any more
You've shown us we can't trust you to do your job. Both of you are betraying the American ppl. We won't allow it.
YOU HAVE TO BE KIDDING? DRAINING THE SWAMP?!  HE IS FILLING IT.  GET REAL. You do NOT accurately represent Iowans.
Trump hires foreign workers over Americans. Your bullshit doesn't work anymore
at your age, you are willing to throw away your integrity on this sinking ship!? Very disappointing. And stupid!
the swamp has been plugged and clogged with dirty scum
did he call you yet? Should we let him know you are looking for him?
Great, you go first. You've been rooted in the swamp for FAR TOO LONG! Adios, amigo.
excuse me Chuck, you head a committee investigating his ties to Russia. Here you are slobbering all over him. WHATS UP
Is this an attempt to get @POTUS to call you back?
yeah, we'll be so much better off when smart people from foreign countries can't work here...
You mean the POTUS that wants to be dictator who has colluded with Russia?
drain swamp. Haha. We're led by Exxon , Goldman , nazis and thieves and liars. What swamp are you talking about
looking for the hero in this group to come forward.
The Swamp is no more. Look around--it's been replaced with a FUCKING OIL SPILL. #TrumpRussia
have you looked at "the swamp" lately? What part of it looks drained to you?
Funny I can't  see past all those Goldman S. Crocs that took up residence in said swamp recently
It would all end if those who had put more than 5-10 years of their lives into these companies were allowed to sue!
You're resigning??
Ryan?  Pence? Clinton?
hahahahaha
stop clinging to that drain the swamp garbage.
.@ChuckGrassley @POTUS he's literally the most corrupt president in the history of the country. Filled the swamp with racists and traitors
@End_H1B_Abuse @POTUS please! Executive order now stop indian consultancies before April 3.
So, (up)Chuck, you realize you're a perfect example of why term limits are not only needed, but absolutely necessary.
So, you're resigning? #draintheswamp #Impeach45 #russiagate
you ARE the swamp
wow, you sure have a lot of demorats following you! Drain the swamp!!!
I'm sure this has NOTHING to do with the Russia hearings tomorrow. WINK WINK WINK WINK WINK WINK WINK WINK
you're the swamp, numbskull
I wish you felt this strongly about #JeffSessions #perjury #foreignagent #Flynn #comrad #Tillerson #InsiderTraining #DrTomPrice and #Russia
Do you guys just watch TV and let it dictate what you care about? Jeez.
you really are a PUTZ.
Someone isn't paying attention. The swamp overfloweth.
You are part of the swamp, RESIGN.
I'd say being part of the Washington establishment since '75 makes you a native species of the swamp
except Trump employs h1b.
#H1Bs are used to send jobs offshore to India. We've already lost 3.5MM high paying IT jobs to India. Cancel H1Bs now!
#trumprussia #russiantreason #obstructionofjustice #Sessionsresign #investigatetrumprussia
@DonnaLedford8 @POTUS Thank you for all you do and I agree we have been waiting for one such as this.  Drain the swamp!!!!
Really?  Is this how we conduct national business now?  It is embarrassing.
or YOU could have done something about it your 40 years in congress. #mowthegrassley
than you Senator for dedicating 6 years to the effort.  I have waited 2 decades for an H-1b fix.  Tired of waiting.
please support bipartisan @SenatorDurbin @ChuckGrassley legislation which Congress refuses to vote on.  Make them vote.
Dude, we're the United States of Goldman Sachs, what are you talking about?
Hey, Chuck, how long have you been swimming in that swamp?  You seem pretty slimy!
Waiting for the most corrupt president in 240 years as a Democracy? That makes you proud? GOP over the cliff!
People voted to "drain the swamp"to jump start a Congress acting to benefit voters. Whoops! Too late, too smart!
he relies heavily on H-2B for employees. Just 3.4% of Mar-a-Lago emp since 2010 are American. Good luck with H-1B.
I wish the entire GOP would get drained. Let's start over with people who actually represent their constituents' needs
oh.this explains why you are letting country fall apart&Russia interfere. Use him for what you want 1st. Got it.
dear old man, you've been there long enough, swamp's not drained until your ass is out of there
you are the swamp since '75.  Retire please-  from an Iowa voter #kthnxbye
I think you forgot to take your meds grandpa
Newsflash: you, a lifetime politician, are the swamp
.@ChuckGrassley have you tried tweeting wildly at the real president, Bannon, who also doesn't follow you?
Senator, you are one of the Chief Swamp Creatures!!
Chuck Grassley wants to drain the swamp. (He's served in Congress since 1975)
30 plus years in Congress you are the swamp now we have Russia running things. Good job
Dude, you are the swamp.
aiding & abetting foreign replacements of american workers is treason....trump needs to make some arrests
You ARE the swamp. Step down, you embarrasing old man.
Mr. Grassley, America is a REPUBLIC, not a stupid democracy. PLEASE learn/re-learn this fact.
 haven't you been in DC 100 years?!?!
this is so embarrassing for you and for all Americans.
you ARE the Swamp!!!
^5 Get it done
You're embarrassing. Instead of playing on Twitter; how about you do your job? #TrumpRussia
you had the chance to pull the plug on DT's swamp creatures but you stocked the swamp instead
.Wouldn't  by his own definition be YOU? When do you plan to resign?
Are you volunteering to resign then? You're practically the Swamp Thing, you've been there so long
How dare U make that statement. Ur ass has been there over 40 yrs. Ur lucky you live where u do or u wouldn't have job
You are a prime example of why we need term limits or at least age limits. What are you like 100?
Never understood Y after years of importing "skilled" labor our school aren't turning out skilled workers?
-well this is awkward since you've been there inDC for nearly 40 yrs. retire & the "swamp" will drain DB
Chuck, you are the swamp.
Are you kidding me? You are both a joke. DJT stocked his admin with more cronies than ever. CG - you ARE the swamp.
you like those Trump Ag budget cuts too?
and leave the rural communities in your state low in physicians and specialist MDs? Check the stats.
What have you been doing since 1975?
You've been in congress since 1975 & HB1 visas are your biggest concern? - maybe draining the swamp should include you
I have been waiting since 1993! Important to get us older workers working again!
You're part of the swamp.
while draining swamp don't forget Inhoff(R), Issa(R), Gomert(R),Cruz(R), Barraso(R),Chaevez(R), Hatch(R), Lee,(R) etc
You’ve been in Congress almost my entire life. You ARE the swamp.
If you think Trump is draining the swamp, clearly it's because you dwell in muck yourself and enjoy rolling in it too.
in otherwords..you support a pathalogical liar.He insults our allies, dishonors the presidency &abuses fellow citizens
