
Donald Trump has an ethanol deal for Chuck Grassley, who will be speaking with Donald Trump Jr. soon http://ow.ly/dvFo30eOYnD 
DC longtime citizens have an instinctive understanding of liberty, justice, and the Constitution, and what is needed in government. Do you?
New Hartford wants justice lock her up
Sorry @ChuckGrassley DC is city of 680,000 disenfranchised Americans you treat like colony. Ppl may not count in Congress but we do in DC
And you're an island of ignorance. All people matter, sadly even you. Just #JustDoYourJob
do you enjoy the taste of you own foot cause you must dude, you got your foot so far in your mouth you should be chocking on your own shoe!
Thanks to your party denying us, tax-paying DC residents, statehood & representation, we don't count. lolz @ POTUS having a clue re: policy
Look here ahole...we're gonna have to have a talk about our hometown to explain some things to you.
We are 600k+ people who matter, and our laws are left to the mercy of people like YOU because we're not a state. #DCStatehood #51stState
More than 600,000 people, including me and my family, live in #DC, and we pay federal taxes. Do we count?
don't forget DC "state" taxes as well.
People don't count in DC, great statement there Chuck??
What the complete *€%k I live in the DC, own a house, pay takes, support my local farmers market.... so I don't count ?!?!?
You're as illiterate as Trump!
By DC, did you mean Congress? Lobbyists? "Pundits"? Or were you just demeaning ppl who have IDEAS different (better?) than yours?
Interviewing don jr is a joke when will u and that phony senate interview lynch for blocking an investigation and comet the leaker
Chuck, please don't demean DC - a city of 700k real life hard working, tax paying - but unrepresented - citizens. We know what reality is.
Impeaching Trump will prove to be a good policy.
Have you ever left your office where 600K hard working Americans work and pay taxes?
@ChuckGrassley DC is home to 681,000 citizens who pay federal taxes. These people count!!!! How dare you disrespect them. #DCStatehood
wha??
We know what you are doing @chuckgrassley we can read between lines too you're not that smart Old man we know you are sending signals to DT.
You know 681,000 people live in DC right?
No. Ppl in #DC do count. You just don't believe that b/c your party denies us voting representation #Unpatriotic #DCStatehood #ShameOnYou
LOL! There are plenty of people who live in D.C. & count. It's the people who are elected & sent here who are the problem.
Not to mention theclinton foundation after 30 years voting for u I'm starting to thing your part of the establishment the swamp
This guy ever live in D.C.? asking for a friend.
You're welcome to leave the island whenever you like.
Great idea = Vote him off the island.
Hold my vote. 
Oh, wait. I don't have one.
Signed,
One of the DC people who doesn't count.
Senator, I'm a real person, a voter, a tax payer. Can you please support full representation for me? Thank you.
"Our rights we prize and our liberties we will maintain." As a fellow Iowan, I trust you prize my right to representation.
It's a bad policy to pardon Arpaio and you know that is true. When is it ok to overturn judges' decisions because the outcome wasn't hoped?
Have you had a stroke, Staffer?
Example tweet by pro JimCrow tyranny pol maintains ban on all actual legislature elections for 681k pop in DC, fed,state,local. #DCstatehood
This @ChuckGrassley tweet is so pro JimCrow tyranny banning all actual legislature elections in DC for 681k citizens, it's #DCstatehoodNews.
Covfefe!
We have got to get that PAC going and get rid of these guys #DCRising
I really appreciate that an "honorable" senator like yourself believes that me and the other 681000 #DC residents (US citizens) don't count
You've been there for 40+ yrs & let it happen then I guess? So is your life's work a failure? Step aside if you can't do your job old man
you don't live in DC do you? If you need a tour or want to meet some life long residents w/out the right to vote, DM me.
You old fool: My family works and pays taxes here in DC: they don't get a vote about the GOP MOCs constantly messing with our laws & money
I beg to differ. Have lived in Dc for 24 years  me and the other 681,169 residents  definitely matter.  Give us a vote in congress!
Please stop trashing the residents of D.C. They pay taxes too.  You need to do better or retire.
And you are the part of the swamp for how many years now chuck?
Senators don't count in DC because we have zero.
Hey Chuck, can you refund the hundreds of thousands of dollars we've paid in income taxes? Asking for a friend. Thanks!
Hey @ChuckGrassley as a proud Iowan living in DC, I find ur comment to be offensive & ignorant. There's a difff btw political DC & the city.
If you have any interest in meeting some of the ppl who actually live in DC (and pay taxes here), please call. We are real.
I am a US citizen that has lived in DC for 20 years Republicans refuse to support voting representation. We are no different than Iowa
You are an island if this is how you view DC. For a United States senator, your grammar and punctuation are atrocious.
Not DC residents who are the problem. We have no representation. The problem sits with those coming from elsewhere. Like Iowa
Actually almost 700k people live in DC. We didn't ask you to come here. You are part of a broken Congress but you sure don't know DC.
Setting aside Grassley's dismissal of the hundreds of thousands of DC residents, this tweet is just a mess. #ChuckBeenDayDrinkingAgain
I'm so fucking pissed @KCity65
Good grief! What kind of dressing do I put on this word salad? Can we spell DEMENTIA?
Insulted DC resident here
What an idiotic statement. As a fifth generation Washingtonian, I find this personally insulting.
It counts when a person is sexist, racist, xenophobic, brags about sexually assaulting women, and defrauds thousands for profit.
I live in DC. I count. So do all of my neighbors. We are actual people who pay taxes and vote.
My family back in Iowa would be very concerned to hear that their son who lives in DC doesn't matter
Chuck, you're the fantasy island. Reality swirls around you ever accelerating away. #MerrickGarland
I live in DC. I was born in DC. I pay my taxes in DC. My person and my ideas matter more in DC than you.
I guess you're one of those senators still looking for his spine & balls when it comes to standing up to The Child President. Party over USA
Srsly, Sen. Grassley? If you can find Mich. Ave. on a map (2 mi. N of yr office) visit @TrinityDC ...we'll intro you to REAL people of DC..
I mean the people who live in DC might disagree.
Better yet, POTUS should think before he opens his mouth.
DC is so much more than the elected officials the rest of the US sends here. And thank God for that. #DCstatehood
Amen @ChuckGrassley! Thank u 4 supporting @POTUS & his agenda! There R a lot of @GOP who r indebted to donors & cant publicly support him!
As a citizen of DC, thank you for informing me that we do not exist in your reality and that we "ppl don't count."
What about the ordinary Americans who live in DC? Have you ever been to the other side of the Anacostia?
Shame Sen. @ChuckGrassley. words matter. You know the District of Columbia is separate from the chattering class of congress chaos watchers.
Thanks for letting me know that as a #DC resident and American citizen I don't count #taxation without representaion
BTW we have more people than #Wyoming and #Vermont
And evidently Iowans can't count on you.
How about Honoring the Constitution? Trump Tramples all over it.
https://twitter.com/GeorgWebb/status/901808859815268354 …
No Loy botkinia vervacioulisyic ppluupleeremia gobbledy goo gook salad pintos fervently szxpicklwurst
This sounds like you're trying to make excuses and qualify someone who clearly isn't a great person. Chuck, this will not fly.
Must say that island is populated by selfish GOP fools: McConnell, McCain, Ryan, Sasse, Flake, etc. No progress with idiots in charge.
"People don't count in DC." The sad thing is, you meant that.
We're also an island of citizens who lack voting  representation in Congress! We count!!
You actually don't count, not in Congress anyways, but I sure hope we can change that in the near future.
You have that right.
As a senator, one would think you would understand the importance of relationships and people in politics.
Are you drunk?
#FakePresident #FakePOTUS
That's a great idea but 45 has had no successes & can't seem to keep his mind on task-when is he going to leave so our government can work?
Ideas supported by donations...
It's also a city where real people live without adequate political representation. You could do something about that, Senator.
This is false. That is why no one should look up to you as leaders. You need admirable people & policies and the GOP has neither.
Ideas such as Nazis and KKK are on the same plane as those who demonstrate against them?
Hey Chuck, as a DC resident I'd love to punch you in your melting face sometime. Let me know when we can make this happen.
Trump + Policy = Disaster.
Good argument for term limits and not letting people be in congress for 40 years. No offense.
How about that flooding in Texas? Thanks for being a partisan stooge.
Good job!
It isn't Trump's personality but his lack of of moral and intellectual character that worry me.
More people live in the district than in 2 US states, and your dismissal of them is insulting.
Hey Chuck, I'm gonna go ahead and think about the people in Houston this afternoon. There's very little else I can do. Do you have any IDEAS
Exactly when is Congress going to be for "We the People" and not vote for tax breaks for corporations and the rich? Both D and R
Real people know exactly what you mean! Keep fighting the good fight Senator, so many of us are counting on YOU! #AwanBrothers
Ding Dong chuck needs to quit
Unfortunately it’s the policies those personalities are pushing that are hurting real people, Senator. I’m worked up from Cedar Rapids, IA.
Yes Senator, & so is this mother from Des Moines! @POTUS directly & negatively impacting young-old-disabled-POC-LGBTQ need I go on...
Yet you helped elect a cult of personality to the White House
What the heck are you talking about Grassley why arent you and other members of Congress getting ACA repealed, tax cuts, border wall done
Problem is you believe the same way your White Supremist leader @realDonaldTrump thinks. Doesn't work for MAJORITY OF . Political suicide

Your daily reminder that Trump is the first POTUS elected since Nixon not to release his tax returns and payments FROM ANYONE remain secret.

Spoke w/ Worthington leaders abt my bipartisan bill to boost rural call completion. For biz or emergencies, everyone needs reliable service.

Latest models: meandering #Harvey to bring ADDITIONAL 20-30 inch to #Houston (total 50+). Genuinely horrifying scenario. #TXwx #Houstonflood 

BREAKING: National Weather Service: Rainfall from Harvey could reach 50 inches in some spots, highest ever recorded in Texas.
We're pretty worked up about this diseased personality of late. #25thThe45th #WhiteSupremacistInChief #TrumpRussia #AbuseOfPower

Hero reporter @BrandiKHOU hailed police to save a truck driver caught in the flood https://twitter.com/JMKTV/status/901842756829679616/video/1 …
http://www.thedailybeast.com/watch-houston-tv-crew-saves-truck-drivers-life … #Harvey
Tell him to let evacuees stay at his hotels. Tell him not to accept $ from them or FEMA or anyone for it. Tell him they stay until done.
Chuckles that went directly over @realDonaldTrump's head. Don't you get it? He don't care abt what you think. His only interest is himself.
Where are the transcripts?You're covering this up and we will not let you continue to be http://complacent.You  work for us,the people.

America, time to dig deep to help those about to be impacted by Hurricane #Harvey give to  @RedCross  https://www.redcross.org/donate/hurricane-harvey?campname=Harvey&campmedium=aspot …
Policies written for and by people. Can't divorce two, nor can u undervalue bully pulpit, now malevolently used to literally bully & divide.
Stop slow walking the policy......

Trump revoked Obama's executive order on higher standards for flood protection right before #Harvey took off http://columbiaclimatelaw.com/resources/climate-deregulation-tracker/database/executive-orders/#13690 … 

Amid catastrophic, worst-case-scenario flooding in America's fourth-biggest city, the president tweets about his election win 9 months ago https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/901795255086968833 …
Sick of your excuses. Time to take a good look around.
YOU AND YOUR PARTY ABANDONED REASON FOR MADNESS. the @GOP must go
Don't see any reality when Laws & regulations aren't followed. Conflict of Interest, obstruction of Justice, abuse of power, & nepotism
When will Congress & Cabinet members be prosecuted for lying under oath? Campaign finance abuses, hindering investigations. What reality?
Respectfully Senator, no use expecting @POTUS to be any different than the child king he's been to date.

After Arpaio pardon, Trump plugs book by David Clarke, the other extremist sheriff, this one courted by Russia along w/ NRA gun lobby membs https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/901772550405070848 …
MAGA Chuck, focus and MAGA.
Shameful a US Senator doesn't know that DC isn't just Capitol Hill & White House. 600K people live in DC. It is most certainly "reality."
Well it is Chuck Grassley. Not exactly living in reality himself.
I think you need to tell your fellow Republicans about policy and ask them why they're trying to sabotage it.
Unfortunately, your ideas really hurt regular people.

We need representatives like the late, great Paul Wellstone.
I'm a democrat but will give any republican who stands up deep consideration in 18 and 20. If they don't then nope. Country first
Build the wall.
I live in Texas, we're not concerned about building a wall, we're more concerned about healthcare & lowering taxes for lower& middle classes
Ironically, Obama had a lot of good ideas and policies, but that didn't work out so well for him.  Any idea why, Chuck?
He actually didn't he just said what people wanted to hear

65 Outrageous Lies by President Obama https://youtu.be/kg9m1F8B2_c  via @YouTube 
-Benghazi caused by Video Lie
-If you like your Doctor Lie
Is this word salad supposed to mean something?
We are thinking policy, and Republican policies are totally dreadful.
