Lol. You put your trust in a cheat with no allegiance to any cause, morality, or sensibility. You got cheated on. Maybe you'll learn now.
To be fair they've gotten a lot out of him. Alot of under the radar conservative achievements.
The supreme court position hurt a lot.
While that's a big one think about all the lower court spots they get to fill.
It's gonna take a concerted effort to limit the damage done by these scumbags.
Honestly local elections are really tune most important things to win that will help limit damage.
Hopefully people continue to wake up and stay focused instead of being apathetic. Has been a tall order so far unfortunately.
I don't think it is. I think you promote and get involved in local elections. Make as much awareness as possible.
Yo, Chucky. Get one of those youngins to help you Tweet. Meanwhile, there is a search team out trying to find your integrity and balls.
I love it. Good ol' Chuck lost his balls when he decided to try to make trump innocent. Meanwhile,he doesn't want any1to find out he's dirty
Let's research Leaks and Hillary's emails.  That's waaaay more important than treason, emoluments, perjury, nepostism, Jared's clearance....
Don't forget them leaks. Trump loves to talk about leaks.
You know where the leaks are coming from? From all their penises 
Hey Sen Grassley maybe you should concentrate on moving the country forward, instead you whine about getting your partisan feelings hurt.
Is the only avenue you have to send the @POTUS a message via Twitter? There have to be more official avenues. Oh, yeah, you’re placating...
Adam stop using big words you looked up on google, using intellectual sentence structure does not make you an intellectual.
What grade level of speaking would you find appropriate? I'm happy to dumb anything down for you to help you understand.
Sorry BUD I am highly educated don't need some sniveling liberal snowflake to explain anything to me. You may want to dumb down for ur libs.
Aw. Poor Chuck Grassley. Who could have known that Trump would try to run into the arms of Schumer and Pelosi when Republicans failed him?
Hey, just wanted to let you know we noticed most of your "likes" come from bots. Have a great day with your #faketweets!
How cute, you pretend you can't just call the White House and get an answer. You're a Senator, stop pretending Twitter is how to govern.
Why not? That's how Trump is governing! You have to use what Trump understands....140 characters!
You would only twitter also if U knew vast majority of media is biased and plans lies constantly to the people.
That's not even correct English!  Bot maybe??
America is land of the American Indian Natives the rest are immigrants and children of immigrants ancestry including you #weAllAreImmigrants
Dear Trump and after how hard I've tried to keep the Russia probe away from you?? You go and do this?
Ohh boy ... Russia probe fake as Hillary's smile. US interfered in Ukrainian election ran misinformation campaign in 2010 ... MSM is mum Hmm
Sen. Grassley, the way this was written is an embarrassment to your title and the Senate. 

You can use multiple tweets by adding 1/2. (1/2)
@POTUS betrayal
It's fake news
I wish 
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/908278070611779585 … 
Soooo pissed What have they done with our President?
...They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. Plus BIG border security
Huckabee just said it's fake news but he's got to get rid of his daughter McMaster and all other assholes surrounding him with no loyalty
Agreed #DrGorka #GenFlynn #SteveBannon need to be brought back
Those turds are globalwashing his mind. It looks bad.
We are 64 million strong and we can march on Washington if need be
Remember when the phones lines to congress failed..because we phoned them about Bush's immigration deals..??
& gang of 8
The Swamp will never learn
…I have literally farted more intelligible things. 

Tell your social media person to stop acting like they’re 12 and to look up “decorum”.
GOP thought they could ride a snake.

@ChuckGrassley  None of you can get it thru your heads...Trump never is truthful. My advice, research every business deal he ever made!
Your bothing but a Democrat ass kisser I thought you were a good honest man no your just like the left hateful and a bully
Hilarious! Trump screws everybody he ever deals with eventually. It's his #1 priority. And you act surprised.
America is @POTUS  priority.. not any single career politician or their career coffee fetchers.
Why do Chuck Grassley tweets look like they were written by a tween girl? idk - lol.
It's The Idiot Acting Like A Twelve Year Old That's Reading Them That's The Issue!
U want 2 fbi agents to talk about things under investigation? Shame! Just  that your prez's neckbon line. If there's illegality, so be it!
Chuck Just Remember Most These Dopp's Think The Teacher Discussing Strapping On A Dildo To A School Room Class Is OK. Ignore And Move On.
There is nothing Wrong With Trump Other Than He'sThe Main One Working!Republicans Need To GetBehind HimAnd Start Moving This Country Forward
Twitter war to follow...
Seriously how dysfunctional is this White House when a senator has to contact him via twitter!
How dysfunctional is a person who believes a lowly US Senator was "forced" to use twitter...
You oughta be ashamed of what you are doing to our PRESIDENT you eont be reelected you can bet on that yoir pissing off conservatives
How about you start supporter our choice or we will make sure the ones going against is will pay at the polls #promise
Didn't notice the republic wimps stepping up.please don't start whining just do your job.
Thank you for holding him accountable. 
Sorry but THERE WAS NO DEAL MADE !!!! FAKE NEWS !!!!
Sorry, but u are in denial.
Im tired of turncoats , threaten to shut the govt down for wall funding l mean r u serious ???
Damn right. Unlike u, I don't get paid to lick Trump's nut sac.
Yeah very selfish and humane smh
Grassley, 10 minutes later
Appropriate gif since I would imagine Grassley to be a nevernude like Tobias Fünke.
He's probably a Leather Daddy, too...but in an even creepier way 
Chuck was content just sucking the tip, now he's scared and willing to give up the ass. Ivanka is the bottom bitch Chuck.

That's really too bad after all the work you did stealing the Supreme Court seat.
A briefing request doesn't belong on Twitter. Stop pandering and get to work.
This story STILL needs a hero Chuck - might as well be you!
Why waste a career as a public servant on a con man.
Your tweets are like reading a foreign language.
Hey Chuck - just because you're a life long politician & Trump doesn't do things how you "politicians" do - Grow up! Call him; he is POTUS!
I think it's time for term limits in the House and the Senate. We have a President for 8 years max, but get stuck with these bozos 4ever!
So, trump isn't taking your calls? Trying to punish you for something? Get you in line? When you guys refuse to, you may earn back respect
How is Grassley still so bad at tweeting?

Glad to see you fight for American Agenda.Where are McConnell and Ryan?
For Gods sake, don't believe everything you hear and read!!!
U snd lik a ttl dbag
Backflips for illegals, too much work to repeal Obamacare
Get something done and he wouldn't be running to Dems!
Very ANGRY SAW ON FOX SO IT'S TRUE GOP NEED 2 UNITE SO CONCESSIONS AREN'T NEEDED.
@AnnCoulter @realDonaldTrump where's the proof regarding "the deal" I want this verified.is this fake news?
"Effort" is political speak for doing nothing. At least POTUS is trying to do something, if he can't get you guys to help, ask Dems
The morning news ... SERIOUSLY???  Really sounds stupid to hear a senator say something this stupid! Maybe not!
Me tweet pretty 1 day daddy!
Maybe you should've pushed his agenda thru. The whole republican congress is a joke. You NEVER deliver. All we get is lies.
ALERT: lower 40 infested with bowevills
The election was rigged VOTING WAS RIGGED - Trump should NOT be President. We know it and the GOP knows it.
GOP IS COMPLICIT 
#TrumpRussia
I always get 12 year old scotchand save it for one more year 13bitchesYiur a crazy bitch CassandraI f#*king love you
I think we've entered the political
You've sold your soul to the devil in the form of @realDonaldTrump
You are a fossil. Please retire and give someone else a chance to govern.
SUPPORT POTUS/AGENDA/ADMINISTRATION!!!
AT LEAST U R ASKING FOR CLARIFICATION OF FACTS OR FICTION!!! UPDATE: ANOTHER DEMOCRAT CON JOB!!! THEY BEND THE TRUTH MOST OF THE TIME!!
Whoever writes your tweets is a lousy communicator.
Obama lie to the American people.
Now you want AMNESTY 
Obama legacy
Could you squeeze MORE in this tweet? Jesus. Took me an hour to decipher it.
Start acting like the Majority Party Chucky & The President won't cut you out of the deal making.  It's not rocket science.
Sorry. The senate gop is an embarrassment. All you did is running phony hearing on trump russia ties and weakening his presidency.
Honestly why shouldn't he undercut you? What had the GOP Congress done for him? Not a damn thing. You are all frauds!!
Might be a good time to stop obstructing the FBI Russian investigation and recognize whom u r dealing with.
https://tinyurl.com/y8urv294 
Still don't realize that the news is fake do you?  They're trying to separate Trump from his base.
If Republicans had any F*****G Honor or LOYALTY to the VOTERS, they would stop undermining Trumps VOTER APPROVED Agenda #NoMoreBackstabbing
Ah the supposedly Sen of character!  Yet he won't ? Muller or Rosen on viol of con of interest law.  His Integ only serves his purpose 
Maybe Trump has your attention now  so let's get on with it!!!
President Trump please do not agree on anything with DACA unless the funding for the wall goes is at the same time on approving the bill!
Will be delighted when he throws your corrupt ass under the bus. The @FBI needs to investigate Chuck Grassley and his coverup for trump
Senator: you just discovered you've been abandoned by a serial adulterer and unreliable business partner? Pay attention much?
Well Chuck we don't trust you much either
Huh, Chuck?
Man you are to old for this do you not have a phone?
Let's see Chuckie Schumer & now Chuckie Grassley would vote for impeachment. If Donald think Democrats don't hate him he is living in Oz.
Hey @ChuckGrassley  have some cheese with that whine. You know Trump is a lose cannon.
Are you kidding? Tell me you don't believe everything the news reports?
Assume you got the facts straight by now. No deal was made.
Do something. Congress sucks
Senator, can you pls explain what you mean here?: "...I know u undercut JudiCimm effort 4 biparty agreement". Thank You.
I guess you can vote for impeachment. If the Donald doesn't think Chuckie won't vote Yes he is one stupid dude. DT may regret screwing GOP.
That's how you communicate on the hill!?! Too funny
First the spineless GOP fu*ck up Obama care repeal/ replace! Now their upset POTUS is trying to get things done without them fu*king it up!
Grassley is a joke.  Time to retire.
You mean #Fakenews ? 
Until DJ is impeached, we don't want to hear from you. You have ignored justice for greed.
Grassley is largely insignificant on the stage here.  A virtual unknown.
How long have you & your cohorts been in the Senate? Nothing ever gets done. You should be ashamed. I've voted GOP since 1980-never again.
Really? Using fake news and a tweet to communicate? Good Lord!
Chuck..u got your ass handed 2 u
Sir, you are a wise man, it was a ploy by the other side. do not believe everything you see especially in the media and from the Dems thanks
Just get something done Chuck. Holy shit u congress folks R fucking embarrassing these days. If you haven't noticed the USA is going to shit
Get rid of Blue Slips.
How did I vote Republican control of 3 branches and end up with Dem POTUS and @chuck & Nancy as majority leaders? As Trumo voter, impeach!
140 characters not enough this time....
Wow Chuck!!! Obviously you do not have enough rank to have @POTUS email... so you have to communicate via twitter??? #SwampThing
Your group of anti-trump idiots are finally getting what you deserve . Show disrespect towards @POTUS n you pay the price by we the people
GOP's been hot for control for years. You're finally on top and you can't get it up. Maybe Trump's trying to get you people going
Chuck,don't believe everything you hear and only half what u see.
If you bothered to Talk to @Potus instead of watching #Fakenews you would know the truth.
Nothing is ever what it seems..
 fighting Snowflakes
This turn to the center could be a problem for Dems in 2018 and beyond if the measures are successful. I've been warning bout this. I've
Said for awhile now, if he turns to the center he will run again, and it could work. It worked for Clinton who had a lower approval rate.
With all due respect Sen Grassley, you've had plenty of time to get healthcare and DACA figured out. Now President Trump will fix it. Tough.
No DACA!
Do you not know how to SPELL ASS )0(
Stand up for yourself, Chuck
The GOP inner chaos is funny. You guys are pathetic.
Sorry Chuck, that's  what you get when you fall for the shill and drink the snake oil.
Seriously Chuck!?!
Bulldhit propaganda
I am a new member of the never trumpies. I have had it with his lack of effective communication and not sticking to the promised agenda!
Don't be peevish, Chuck.
Awwww Chucky's got his panties in a twist!
Go get him, Chuck. POTUS winging it to be loved by dreamers, MSM & liberals. We need guard rails on this guy. Stop the bleeding.
You've all undercut America and the president. Where is Repeal? Where is the funding for the wall? Where are the judicial nominee's.
Maybe Republicans should try working with trump instead of against him. Midterms are going to not go well for the never Trump crowd.
He didn't come to Washington to continue the bs. He came to change it. Didn't you get the message?
You just don't get it Senator. The JudiCimm hasn't done ANYTHING on the issue after years of apparently trying. We want stuff to get DONE!
Dear chuck. You and GOP friends have been squandering your majority in congress for too long. Get something of substance passed then talk.
1) why believe morning news?2)Pres Trump puts Americans 1st
If he did couldnt blame him fake rep globalists are dragging feet hoping to get through 4 yrs with no change
Enjoy your Clown #Grassley. He has no loyalty 2 anyone or any Party. This Con Artist. Traitor. Rapist, sexual predator. Is ur leader. Enjoy
You have to admit that Trump did ask the Republicans first. You cant win playing ball with your self.
"Undercut"? They have not fixed the problem over decades.  get over it!
Call him POTUS
You're a loser not trump.
Go Sen. Grassley go!
You got duped by a clown and a looney last night #MAGA #DTS #winning @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #LockHerUp
Oh he's pissed!
He addressed this during Qs this am. No deal.
Morning news, as usual, is wrong.
Buffalo Cookies. Never Happened Chuck. Get Real. He's not a bought & paid 4 Lobbyist like 90% of professional politicians. Follow the POTUS
Wow don't u both feel stupid after schumer and pelosi walked back their comments
Republicans need to stand together.  What else was our president to do to make #MAGA ?
Apparently Schumer and Pelosi didn't know about your committee's bipartisan effort/agreement.. they should brief the dems on your committee
How was your vacation Chuck? So nice that you put the people's business on the back burner for your break! Do the people's business!
Ok. Fine point. So why R you letting Franken & Klobaucher hold up judges 4 no valid reason? Why are you Rs letting Dems control everything?
Like you and the Senate undercut our president by investigating him and his family?

Trump's a con man.
and so is he
#AmnestyDon undercuts everyone in the end Senator Grassley. Schumer spilled the beans on illegal amnesty #DACAdeal
Sen. Schumer caught on hot mic: "I said, 'Mr. President, you're much better off if you can sometimes step right and sometimes step left.'" 
Morning news lied
@AnnCoulter @realDonaldTrump Trump doesn't take orders Jergoff. Try again.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLLOLOLOLOL
Spell much?
He's a businessman.  Businessman have no loyalty to anyone but themselves and their bottom line/winning
Well, maybe now you'll actually get it done. Not a good look for the GOP to be seen as more mean spirited than Trump.
You got fucked, Chuck.Enjoy getting laid for a change.
lol you are so bad at governing
This is what happens when the president doesn't return your phone calls
Dear a hole; if you're going to depend on fake news for your information then deal with it. Otherwise call me, not news media!
Does this mean the deal to protect Don Jr and whitewash Russian collusion is off??
Senator, as an Iowan and supporter, your tweets are often impossible to decipher. Please use real words and correct punctuation.
Hahaha. That's how you tweet. If not, your kids will never understand!!!
No @ChuckGrassley, he just greased the bipartisan skids for you on at least half of this.  You can now count on the JC Dems support already.
Hey Chuck, how does it feel to be so de-balled that as a US Senator you have to tweet at POTUS since apparently he won't take your call?
It is truly sad that this is the medium through which our so-called leaders choose to communicate. Grade school stuff.
Use your inside voice!
Ouch!
Srsly Senatr ths tweet is pthtic
So you believe fake news without waiting to find out truth?!
Just hilarious that this Senate leader uses Twitter to try to talk to DJT.
Hey Grassley, where's that 'steel' dossier u promised to make publicI think I'll ask MSNBC/Rachel maddows 2 FIND out that town hall u had

Ha ha Ha ha ha you got punked!
Oh boohoo, get over it!!
Fool
Chuck maybe U should do UR job! proof for #TermLimits
GOP members of Congress are starting to face off "their" #wannabePOTUS DJT & each other respectively. GOP's internal mauling in the making?
Don't act like the Democrats didn't warn you, Chuck.
Spellcheck?
How about you two kids take this off Twitter and act like you have some respect for the institutions you represent?
Hey Sen. Grassley, when are we going to see gentlemans transcript on steele dossier ? You said you would be releasing it to public.
You undercut our democracy by blocking the establishment of an independent counsel to investigate your boss. Consider us even.
Priceless....
I noticed you didn't show  this same concern  about  Flynn ,Sessions lying to Congress about Russian meetings .who's side you on again ?
How about reforming H-1b and f-1 visas. Why everyone is going gungho about DACA and no talk of h-1b and outdated 214b for f-1 visas?
Mr. Senator, as a service to our country, I will happily show you how to thread a tweet. Abbreviations are so last year, sir!  

DM me homie
Hahaha yes!
I think @PFTCommenter hacked this account.
So you're one of those it I have drawn a line in the sand
CHUCKIE-WAKE UP AND SMELL THE COFFEE
Good God Senator, are you that unaware your Russian president is a pussy grabber, a headline grabber, a money grabber, and a POWER grabber.
Hardest tweet to decipher in the last two months...
Chuck, if you need to talk to @POTUS .... pick up the phone. Not Tweet. It shows that you have messaging problem & a complex.
How about impeaching the idiot first?????
Stings don't it Chuck
Ahhh, how's it feel Chuck to have someone not have your best interests in mind??? Probably how Iowans feel EVERY DAY! #CheckOnChuck
C'mon Chuck, you voted for this abomination, knowing what you were getting, and now want him to be something else? #Obtuse
