@KingEric55 @ChuckGrassley NOT.
When are you going to wise up and realize people don't believe a damn thing you say right now?
PROVE that we can believe this President isn't involved with Russia by appointing a special investigation.
Why would Comey know Trump was under investigation, not say a thing, but then nark on Clinton's emails.
It's a mess, and it won't get cleared up while all this partisan crap is going on.  I want my life back.
Was the white supremacist-infused GOP afraid to show courtesy toward Judge Garland because he prosecuted same in OK City?
@SenateMajLdr  Operating under orders of Kochs not2let Garland through. Kochs desperate2keep Citizens United
You're standing up for a lying president?
Why don't U just give him more soft ball questions..
better yet WHY EVEN ASK QUESTIONS..U know he is LYING just
LIKE U..SICK
- Cool. Now if the DarkSide would stop acting like morons and move this along we can focus on repairing the country post-BHO.
Grassley IS MELTING ON NATIONAL TV

HE IS AN angry little man
can you explain why the duty of the chair was not to honor Obama's pick with a hearing?
PLS be aware that photographers r trying to take pics of Judges and his wife's notes!!
Watching the hearing, it was obvious you had made your decision b4 #gorsuch opened his mouth. I can't wait till a Dem has
your seat. Party before country, right? #resist
No vote on Health Care, SCOTUS, until Russia non-partisan investigation! We are not going away. #transparency #ethics #resist
W/a President @FBI is probing, 
how does it make sense to appt #Gorsuch who may have to rule on subpoena?

#CountryOverParty
~ I hope you ignore the trolls. I enjoy blocking them. 
I, too, would be honored to show respect for my job & Judge Gorsuch.
Senates shld be req'd to respect Nominees b4 th American ppl. Condescension shld b reprimanded. I pray God deals w/ Franken.
LIAR..LIAR..no hearing for Garland who was well
qualified and WE R 2 BEND DOWN AND KISS YOUR ASS .. U R
SICK..!!
.@ChuckGrassley however it is NOT customary to deny a President's right to nominate a qualified #SCOTUS nominee, as you did to Obama.
He lost my vote in this last election just for that.  I'm getting vocal in 2018 and beyond.
I saw you squirming during your little speech,  Merrick Garland butt plug still up your ass? I'm beginning to think you like!
yawn
#What kind of politicians refuse to meet a Supreme Court candidate like Judge Garland. Disgraceful, No Integrity or Morals
I heard an old man making stupid arguments on my radio this morning and, what do you know? It was YOU! You're abominable and ridiculous.
So sad! You feel need to bring partisanship into the hearing by entering articles into the record that chastise the dems.
so sad you didn't give garland a chance. No wonder our GOV is broken
82 yrs. old..U R Brain Dead..this is the most political 
hearing I have ever seen..and I have been thru many..Shameful
This is the most discussing hearing..when he said
he is neither R or D..to rule...the BIGGEST CROCK OF B.S..U R SAD!!
If #Gorsuch is confirmed after being put forward by Trump who is in thick with Russians, than formerly law abiding...
...formally law abiding people like me will understand that our laws don't deserve to be followed.
And of course #Gorsuch was founder and president of the "Fascists Forever" club, so it all makes sense.
This seat was stolen. A cloud will forever hang over Gorsuch.
time to hit the mothballs.
First of all, it was MORE than insulting that GOP did not show such courtesy toward Judge Garland.
Hey Chuck, why shoud a POTUS who is under investigation and may be impeached be allowed to have SCOTUS choice.   Hypocrisy!
#StolenSeat
What a traitor? Your President is a liar and so are you? What kind of American are you? You hate this country, you old fool!
No one's job is safe in DC-we are sick of govt just doing whatever they want without regard to majority
when your head is clearly buried in sand, it's obvious you shouldn't be involved with SCOTUS hearings.
sir you just lied on CNN saying u didn't tweet about Comey hearing yesterday, guess you forgot not that busy
Why don't just retired? You've been there since 81. What new ideas do you have? You're just an old grumpy man with no ideas.
You make the 'R' in Republican say Russian #trumprussia #treason
way to skirt the wiretap question just now. You are also a lying sack of . Can't b trusted.
No vote unless it's Merrick Garland. There seems to be a consensus. #stolenseat #Resist #maddow
"Power is retained by the people acting through their representatives" Bullshit, 2 words, Merrick Garland #stolenseat #Resist
historic dereliction of duty on Merrick Garland. Thank you Al Franken for having integrity. Chuck Grassley has none.
your comments re: Trump/Russian collusion was sickening! Our country deserves better! You deserve to be voted out
you speak very well for a man who needs his diaper changed.
Yeah-do something about these rouge judges(like the 1 in Hawaii)- impeach him & split up the 9th Circuit!
How about impeaching that Hawaiian judge for absconding w/ the Constitution? He took Presidetial authority upon himself.
We are very grateful to have such an esteemed man as Gorsuch as our next SCOTUS! Trump is our super hero!
slow your roll Chuck!  No confirmation until investigation!
No SCOTUS confirmation until the Russian investigation is complete. If Trump is dirty, all his picks are tainted!
Given your denial of hearing for Garland & investigation into Trump campaign, Gorsuch hearing is ironic #countryBeforeParty
Want to nail Comey? FBI collusion in cover-up of MURDER in Missouri. Comey knows! Giving your grandaughter info for you
Actually, I thought that it was customary for a senator from the home state of the nominee....
thank god we have a nominee as qualified as Merrick Garland! Your job should be easy!
this tells me you are an unethical person. Explain why you did not give #Garland a fair hearing.
We need Trump's #2 at DOJ approved. Need to let Senate vote on him. Sessions has No say in anything to do with Trump/Russia
How could the T DVR have a numb chest when the truck was running?  Diane's argument made no sense. Get back in the cab!
NO vote until AFTER investigation is over.
nothing to say but Merrick Garland
The coup d'etat underway. When will you be a patriot and stand up.
Gorsuch Has No Place on Supreme Count!  He is Anti People Anti Women!  Boycott  All Trump's Picks Like You did for Obama!
I would’ve been pleased had you shown MERRICK GARLAND the same respect.
To get a "strict constructionist" on the bench you aide and abet a president that's never even read the constitution.
Who probably can't even SPELL "constitution," but still, Chuck puts party over country. It's embarrassing.
Doing everything he can to get Gorsuch confirmed Includes lying to voters about what Comey said today #LiarsClub #TrumpRussia
This is why the confirmation hearing was scheduled for the same day as Comey's testimony.
Last Term!! Russia 
It's customary for many people to hate politicians like you who put party over country.
I loved your face after that meeting with Comey the other day.  Must've been nothing since you were too chicken to even talk to anyone.
Merrick Garland.
Is also customary and constitutional to hold hearings for all SCOTUS nominees. Don't pretend you go by the rules.
like you escorted Garland? Oh, wait...
He will the BEST JUDGE follows  law, not make law and leaves political feelings out of decision. Constitution not interpret
ashamed of you
r u proud to b The Maitre d' of the #StolenSeat ? Just say'n. Sad u didn't #DoYourJob when u should have. #IowaCries #Impeach
support folisbuster of nominee.  Bring back Garland for consideration.  @POTUS is illegitimate.  No more GOP obstruction
Iowa really doesn't send their best people to DC. Between this guy, the Sizzler University grad, and racist Steve King
In our defense, Sizzler U boy was only part of our state Senate. Grassley sold his soul. I can't explain King.
haha well I'm in Texas and we gave the world the likes of Ted Cruz . Well at least we had  Ann Richards
We had Tom Harkin for a long time. Chuck used to try to be decent. His attitude toward Pres. Obama is shameful.
Tom Harkin. Now there was an Iowan with integrity. (And from my home district too!!)
what makes you think Garland would have been confirmed? We want a judge that follows the law not be political.
Customary to let presidents fill vacancies during their term too.
Impeach Trump! Repeated lies to Americans, behaves in manner incompatible with duty/office, and has betrayed public trust!
You typed whole words! Such a good boy! Now have some ice cream and go to bed.
your pleasure to escort Merrick Garland, right?
