What Trump did was both Bold & Illegal.  If we are  once again the World's Policeman; then DECLARE IT; and, Pay for the Role. Be consistent!
Those 59 Tomahawks cost Taxpayer's $3,000,000,000!  Trump's weekend junkets already exceed $100, 000, 000!  Welcome back - GOP Big Spenders!
Maybe You're the Puppet Chuck!! Get It?? #Loser #LastTerm #Russia
Did you mean "YET" instead of "get"?
You are really drinking this kool-aid?  You think bombing Syria without approval shows us 45 is no puppet?  Follow the $, not party line.
NOW its ok senator short term memory?
Nooo... he played a shell game. Look over here, don't look at what I'm doing in front of you look off to the East... #SyrianStrikes
& telling Putin before telling anyone in OUR government doesn't exactly say "Putin isn't pulling my strings" #PutinsHandPuppet #Trumprussia
You've never had the intelligence or character needed to uphold American democracy. Troubling times are exposing how small and silly UR.
You have no voice here. #Demagoguery and #FailuretoServe are your new guides.  Where were the @MerrickGarland  #Hearings?
Oh Come On Man it was just a Publicity Stunt
He showed he's as two-faced as they come.  He can't be trusted, he's a traitor and time will prove me right.
The only thing accomplished is getting us closer to allow out war
So what your saying is Iowans are for this Chuck! Your very mistaken all you know how to do is obstruct and be a hypocrite. Do your job!!
Do you know how to read?? Or write? Just curious.
Did you have a stroke?
 "proves" nothing!! Really expensive distraction though. #russiagate
Missed the target Chuck, kind of like you!!
It's just for show. It was all worked out ahead of time.
You and @GOP lies don't flush anymore and AMERICANS are tired of it. GET IT?
You should consider your words (and actions) more carefully when talking about not being a puppet #JudiciaryHearings
Had Obama done it you'd be calling for his head! HYPOCRITE. Merick GarlaND NEVER HAD A CHANCE!
Why were you against retaliating when Obama brought it to Congress before? You look like can only discern if proposal is brought by D or R.
EL Presidente isn't smart enough to be a Putin puppet. That doesn't mean his staff isn't. Clearly you are, though.
Why did he warn Putin but not Congressional Leaders? Airport operational next day.
'Tuck this feather in ur hat: Feds spent $100 mil to bomb base in Syria but couldn't find $55 mil to fix pipes in Flint #WhoCaresAboutKids'
Please stop defending him. Military action for political purposes = BAD POLICY
Do you know you're parroting Kremlin propaganda right now, Chuck?
Another thing to watch now: All the Kremlin shills saying strikes *prove* Trump is independent of Russia. All of them: the exact same line.
Even IF that were true TODAY (note:BIG IF) it doesn't erase prior crimes against the United States of America by the Trump Crime Family.
How long before the strike did the Putin Puppet, er Trump, notify Russia?  And why didn't you support strikes for years ago?
Because Trump lies like a rug on the ground
Spending millions of dollars for a fireworks show that did NOTHING and Trump owns stock in doesn't fly. GET IT?
It would be nice if our senators were more for Iowans unfortunately not the case. Country and State over party!!
You are a foolish OLD man! You are a Trump puppet.
to the poor?  #Warpigs
How are you proposing we pay for the war Trump is going to get us into?  Will you and your sons go fight over seas or will you leave that...
Russia.  What I do get is we have a narcissistic sociopath as a president.  Did you know the last 2 Republican presidents started wars?
What I get is we now have 2 nuclear capable countries that are pissed at us.  Oh and for the record no one has ever successfully invaded..
When did you develop such disrespect for your constituents?  We disagree about SCOTUS/point out change in your view and you say 'Get it'.
This country has laws and traditions that make it great. Respect that if you can't respect your fellow Iowans.
Yes he is an airbase is a no factor in that war since they got the Russian air force that can do more damaged it's all play acting lol
Obtuse
Right (sarcasm)  then trump  should have used the process. Can't believe YOU R Ok w/it  #Trumprussia  independent investigation.
Nice use of the English language!
No, DT isn't a puppet, he is a tool.
Nice try, Chuckie. Your brown-nosing will get you nothing.
It was very convenient timing for a change in policy. The strike was next to useless, unless it had political power at home.
Sorry, not sure @POTUS is a hero...unless he received Congressional leadership approval prior to attack to expend the 90+ million munitions
I won't believe that Putin wasn't part of it. Although our puppet, Saddam Hussien, did the same thing but we acted.
Gerbitzerglyz fortklop zzvctyiop goes fryublz mkuytre humina humina
Well said Senator. Now get behind him as he strives to MAGA.
Obama wanted to go after Assad and was told he had to have Congresses approval,Trump does it and everyones doing handsprings, hypocrite!
It was a good Raytheon/Trump commercial. Funny how the airport is operational again (not really).
Interesting change of heart, Senator. Against it when Obama's in office. Now pro. Your politics, not your brains, are showing.
Stop being a mouthpiece for this president. It's unseemly for someone of your stature to be on the wrong side of history twice within a year
So are we going to find your ties to Russia?
The Puppet warned Putin.   Real men follow the process (Congress approval) and don't shut the door on refugees.   It was a puppet show.
He also skipped Congress. Dictatorship!
Putin puppet, once removed?
It's going to take more than warning Russia before a strike for me to believe he's not a #PutinPuppet!
Unless, of course, attack was coordinated with Putin to throw shade on the investigation of collusion. Win/win for Putin and Trump.
He asked Putin before he he did it.
You continue to disappoint Iowa. You sang another tune about Syria in 2013.  You consistently choose party over country. Shame on you.
You've convinced me Senator. I feel so stupid. By all means let's stop investigating this silly, "Russia" business.
Retire.
Maybe he should have not ran his mouth 4 years ago.
If he wasn't a puppet,  he wouldn't have warned them.  Get it!
So you don't care that he acted without authorization? I "GET IT", you're a puppet to the president and big $. You're an amoral hypocrite.
Acted w/o authorization AND WARNED PUTIN BEFORE YOU KNEW.

I doubt it proves "he not Putin puppet GET IT" you damned stupid braying jackass.
....he warned Putin. That's the definition of being a puppet.
but Syrian refugees are banned. No moral leadership here, just kabuki theater. GET IT?
But don't let those Syrian refugees in, right Chuck?
Actually, it appears more of a "wag the dog" policy than anything else.
All we see is warned enemies,(not Congress) in a fake-useless-waste-of-money charade.Since voters don't want this, you are pandering to Rus.
Chuck you sound upset at your followers who might not agree with you. Gee, I wonder why? He did this without a PLAN of any kind!
no grassley he called putin first boy does he have you guysconned  good
also bombing has nothing to dow colluding w russia to steal the election
chem warfare crosses line but droning children & starving millions of them to death to help Saudi "allies" is fine... GET IT
lol get it
Then why did he warn Russia before the attack, before he told Congress? GET IT!
So why didn't you approve this 4 years ago when Obama asked you for approval? Maybe this wouldn't have happened if taken care of then.
Part of the plan. Everyone was warned before. We still need an independent investigation. Too impulsive. What is the long range Syria plan?
u r ridiculous he loves Putin #trumprussiacollusion Get It!!
psychopath have no emotions he only did this for political reasons to Up his numbers in the polls Disgusting!
Not fooled
Or he is...
You are an old fool whose expiration date has come.  Where were you when @BarackObama asked? Shows nothing but #GOPHypocrisy 
#GOPFree2020
Chuck Chuck Chuck. Just stop. Russia knew before you did. Why don't you demand his taxes and we'll all find out how tied he is to Russia.
It was all for show.  And he has no plan and we still won't accept refugees.  Get a clue.
Awesomeness!
What is wrong with you, Senator?  Have you no conscience anymore?  Obama wanted to do same thing and you fought him. Have you no memory?
Thanks but I'll wait to let the FBI and oversight committees tell me he is a puppet GET IT
And he'd have gotten away with it, if it weren't for us pesky kids! We got it alright. Keep sucking!!
Your the puppet.  GET IT
The way for Trump to prove he's not Putin's puppet is transparency and welcoming an independent investigation. Not BOMBING ANOTHER COUNTRY
Also ending tweets for your skeptical constituents with "get it" is a dick movd
instead, u prove that 40 yrs has turned u in2 a GOP party hack who has forgotten his roots. A McConnell H2O bearer. GET IT?
you would, by your actions and deeds have proven to us that our 40 yr confidence in you was NOT misplaced. GET IT?
Your naïveté astounds!
you would have SUPPORTED the Iowan value@of a Good Public Education-which we take pride in- and BLOCKED DeVos. GET IT YET?
you would SUPPORT Iowan values of fairness and have had the hearings on Garland. Instead, u blocked it. GET IT?
if you want to display some Iowa decency, you would WELCOME and help REHOME the refugees. GET IT? Otherwise, just a hypocrite
what I GET is that you carry water for the GOP; have betrayed your Iowa Value system, and have evolved into a party hack.
Then why are they still flying out of that base,Chuck??? Bomb them so we all "believe"? Yea...no
What did those bombs hit? You are the puppet to Big Banks- Insurance- oil- big ag-Koch- did I leave anything out?
He put on a fireworks display. GET IT.
Nope.
Your actions this weekly are beyond #shameful; GET IT. Please resign immediately.
Wake upchuck.
What a delightful distraction from GOP duplicity! Now we have a bogus justice to go with a bogus president!  You violated your oath Chunk!
It's "international." An ineffectual air strike does nothing of the sort. Try a new talking point. This one is 
Seems everyone knows Adolf's Reichstag Fire but you. YOU: #RACIST #TRAITOR #colluder #complicit #PutinsBitch #stupid #OldFool "GET IT"?
So you approved of a 100 million dollar raid that caused no damage other than to our economy? What are you thinking?
And showing that @realDonaldTrump isn't Putin's puppet is not a valid reason for a military strike on another nation. You have to know this.
If you believe putting Russia-related accusations to rest is worthwhile, support a serious inquiry. You're a Senator. Act like one.
Proving once again what a partisan hack and a hypocrite you are! #hypocrite #trumprusia #weseeyou
Spot-on!  Thanks for standing up to the hypocrites on the left! They hold their leftist convictions above country! Disgrace.
Is the airfield still operational? Yeah, thought so. Cute fireworks tho.
Airfield degraded, 9 jets destroyed, etc. Change to Syrian gov. attitude on using Chem weapons again=priceless!!
Yeah, Donnie really taught them a lesson. They're shaking in their boots. 
Actions in Syria are irrelevant to Russia investigation. It's irresponsible to conflate the two. Please just do your job & rep US interests.
We GET IT-YOU forgot International law 4yrs ago. Donnie just PROVED he's #PutinPuppet.You just proved you #colluded #complicit #traitor
Yeah, we get it.  A completely toothless strike that carefully avoided the runways, which are already back in action.  Just another stunt.
Are you drunk????
Do you really believe that? If so, way past time for pasture. Whatever respect that was left for you is vaporizing. What a shame.
We get it. Got it along time ago. MSM lies, innuendo and fantasies.
Sir, with this tweet you have assured that your yrs of public service will be summed up with 1 word...complicit.
He gave the Russians a heads up #PotemkinVillage #WagTheDog
No! He called Russia before bombing.not Congress.
Just wait when Tillerson goes to Russia. He will offer to lift sanctions to ease "tensions". And the oil will flow. #collusion
Party before country again Chuck? Why did you vote against this 4 years ago???
Assume puppet dead
Starting right now! No, wait..now!
Got the talking point I see.  Nice job puppet #muppet
Not his puppet -just had to tell the Assad-supporting Putin before the strike to be courteous! I'm sure Russia didn't relay the info.
YOU @ChuckGrassley have the blood of 500,000 men, women, & children on your hands. Obama asked to do same years ago and you said NO. #shame
Whoa with the caps, Chuck. Did u see the drone footage? Airstrips are fine, there. Took out some planes
Silly Chuck...he did it to get people to believe his lies about Russia and disrtact from the truth, you fell for it, gullible!
So you dont mind that he did it    w/o congressional approval.
If you think that show disproved anything about his treasonous Russian connections your dementia is worse than his.
Wag the Dog 
drunk already??
He's an illegitimate President and you KNOW it. Country before party, Senator. We demand no less. (I am from zip code 50010)
Trump's election is a result of collusion with the Russians. This is the only issue that needs your attention.
Chuck, Putin knew about the bombs before you (or anyone else in Congress) did.  GET IT?
@All100Senators  trump confirmed he's #putinpuppet and now we know you're #trumppuppet-thanks for the update!
What about how domestic policies hurt just as bad as chemical warfare! Air/water/food/healthcare/pesticides phony outrage by republicans.
#TrumpRussia #ImNotDistracted sorry you were fooled.
I get that the US still has tons of "declared" chemical weapons, how much not declared?
Um, no. He told Putin first and not the state department. He has no plan and that won't defeat Syria GET IT
Assume grammar dead.
The Democrats' Russian narrative is hypocrisy and un-American. Their treachery is aimed at their dirty political game. #MAGA #TrumpTrain
are you that out of it, Sen? Please have someone analyze actions and responses.This was a deflection. He is owned.
What a joke. This proves nothing as to DJT ties with Russia & you know it.
Deflection........heart for images but no heart for the same refugee children. Give me a fucking break.
Neither of those are valid reasons. International law requires a UN security council meeting. Proving detractors wrong is no reason for war.
Phony military action. Everyone understands that but you, Chuck. Time for you to retire and move to Florida.
He gets it. He's all for it, bought and paid by @GOP, bought and paid for by @realDonaldTrump bought and paid for by #Russia.
Every time you r on tv b4 u speak I am hopeful. Then u speak and I am disappointed. I know I don't c it. We do
So glad to see are moved by plight of suffering Syrians.  Looking forward to your leadership on welcoming refugees fleeing attacks.
J/K. I know for you brown people are okay to bomb, but not welcome. Also, pre-bombing notice to Syria's ally Russia seem puppet-like to you?
lol the Attack did Nothing the Airfield was in Operation within Hours! Useless Attack Just Like You are Useless!
He warned Putin, Putin warmed Assad, and the airfield is operational again within 24 hrs. But yea...not a puppet.
Not good enough.
You'll have to come up with something much bigger, more dangerous & outrageous to pull the rug over our eyes. Kabuki theater just won't do.
And your suppose to be investigating trump, had scif meetings etc @SenFeinstein @FBI @funder @RepAdamSchiff @MarkWarner
Russia interfered in the election. Our Intelligence Agencies have confirmed it - GET IT?
By calling Putin first, Congress - second? He showed he is exactly Putin puppet. By the way, from yesterday:
Another thing to watch now: All the Kremlin shills saying strikes *prove* Trump is independent of Russia. All of them: the exact same line.
Retire already.  Your worldview belongs with the rest of the 1950s, in a history book.
BULLSHIT, FAKE FARMER .
LOL!  Yes, Chuck, we "GET IT".  Just trust the @gop to act in our best interests. Nothing to see here.
Thats why WH in contact w/Russia in the days leading to the Airstrike, planes already taking from same base, new airstrikes
this is literally the opposite of what you said when Obama was president. What changed?
Yes, Sen. Detail what changed.
Did he or did he not give Russia warning so they could leave the base? Did the Russians suffer casualties?
Such an allegation by the Dems is outrageous on its face. Obviously Putin would have preferred Hillary prez. He could have rolled over her.
Oh good, it's still silly season!! Turn oh fox entertainment and get some news!
Yeah gotta give it to donald and putin it takes skill and careful planning to launch 59 missles and leave an airfield completely operational
Trump told Putin about the strike before telling Congress... Strike hit no military equipment.
