considering that our WH is full of people who emboldened this behavior, I suspect it will go on.
not your problem, Iowa.
hey maybe it's because of the nazi (president) you supported and refuse to stand up to
what are you doing to address this problem? And looking into your own heart to see how you enable the hate?
Well, I don't know Chuck's every move, but I remember no public calls from him for destruction of Israel.
People hold the jewish faith are not necessarily Israelis or even pro Israel. The desecration of a cemetery in the US   Is US
Exactly what kind of law did you want passed? I believe that is already illegal?
so far you have confabed the destruction of Israel with the desecration of a cemetery. CG is complicit in his complacency.
So far you haven't indicated what you would have him do. I've not heard him inciting these criminals.
CG become intolerant in word and deed of all bigotry and racisim. Call out Adm for tolerance of Bannon. Decry Adm us vs them
Oh I see. You hate Bannon. That was what I missed. I was looking for Grassley's intolerance instead of yours. I get it now.
Stay the course sir Republican Unite we need you men and women to help Our President ! Thank You
Disturbing but not surprising given white supremacists in White House: emboldened by your support.
or maybe, just a thought, your president could take a stand.
@BatShevaGamoran How Lib media doesn't carry it.
Yes AND POTUS refuses 2 acknowledge.Mosque BOMBED in Fl too.Pls tell POTUS danger here is Christian WhiteNationalists&DISAVOW
Trump's America.  What are you going to do about it?
Iowa will lose in trade war w/Mexico. They are considering trading w/Brazil for form.That will HURT our economy.
Thanks to ur party & ur pick for president. I mean, Steve Bannon & Miller are in the WH w/him ffs.
Arrest&Prosecute for ANY desecration-NOT just Jewish cemeteries.11 million died in Holocaust, BTW, not just 6 million Jews
Thank you for commenting on this.
@POTUS You both should send anti-Semitic messages condemning such hatred
Yes AND Lotus says NOTHING.Iowa losing on trade with Mexico cuz of TRUMP.They are trading corn from Brazil.We lose out
You do realize you and your Trumpkin friends helped to precipitate this, right Chucky?
I blame Bannon, Breitbart, and Trump.
when are you going to shame Trump for his dog whistles to the alt right?
Makes you wonder why POTUS won't come out and publically denounce the violence done in his name.
Hopefully the GOP will start to seriously confront the anti-semitic activity that has accompanied Trump's rise to power
How about actually standing up and doing something rather than pathetically sitting backseat and lamenting the awful attacks?
yeah, it would be nice in @realDonaldTrump would speak up about this, or the man who killed an Indian man for being brown
The more you enable #SoCalledPresident the more he and cohorts encourage this type of behavior by his 27% of followers.
Disturbing??? Ya think???
it's weird what happens when you elect a fascist to the White House, right?
@Mama_Liberal and our so called president tweets about the Oscars. What a total ass.
I have no doubt that at least 90% of these 'events' are done by the anti-Trump Leftists to somehow defame him
Prosecution? With trump in office? Wake up Chuck. And how bout inquiry into Russia infiltrating the WH. Wake up man. @ChuckGrassley
@RRMGOP yes. Arrest those trump supporters
perhaps the leader of the free world can do something about it. Give Trudeau a call and ask for some help from the mounties!
You have been working in lockstep with #PresidentBannon, a renowned white supremacist. Change can start with you!
What is really disturbing is the way you and other Republicans pretend horror, like this, when it's inspired by your leader!
also disturbing- the killings that are happening in the name of your dear leader. KC and Canada.
U actually noticed? That is a good sign Chuck. Now, if we could just get U 2 understand the trickle down theory of hate.
is it time to stand against the hate and racism coming from POTUS, Bannon and Miller? We need your leadership!
all those Nazis in the WH, Gestapo in ICE & CPB, who would have foreseen anything like this?
Your party encourages this. You must own it.
then control the leader of your party since as President he represents all Republicans.
<<== This hate is a direct result of the actions of YOUR  political party
Do you think the great divider has anything to do with this?
there are anti semites in the fucking White House! You fully support them!
wow, strong words there, bro.  way to take a stand. 
talk to your new base #altright
Or maybe your party leader could discourage by speaking out against anti-Semitism instead of talking about crowd size again.
why you and your @GOPConies have emboldened hate. Why are you #surprised
I heard GOP took white hate groups off terror watch list; & we saw how supremacy groups got emboldened at Trump rallies
Do you suppose it might have anything to do with the man you support as president!!!!!
how can threat of prosecution discourage what our president is encouraging?  You have let the devil into our house.
maybe if you hadn't sold the soul of your party to anti-Semities in the name of winning it wouldn't be happening
Anti-Semitism wasn't a thing before #45 started the hate talk.
Senator, step up and stand against Trump's evil-don't tweet at us
Go talk to Bannon about anti-Semitism.
people who support you guys likely did it. Right wingers. Own it and speak against it.
Thank you for speaking out against this hate crime!
This is a moment in history when you should do something. Not just start a sentence with "hopefully." Coward.
it would be great if former Goldman Sachs executive, antisemite, and promoter of the alt-right Steve Bannon was fired.
"G" You Voted for President Hate What did you Think would Happen?  No Take Backs 
Oh You could Impeach thought!
White supremacists are empowered under this president, whether you like it or not. Why do you think that is?
Imagine a world where @ChuckGrassley was as concerned about #antisemitism as he is about deer getting hit by cars: https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&vertical=default&q=deer%20OR%20Jewish%20OR%20Jews%20OR%20antisemitism%20from%3AChuckGrassley&src=typd …
What about the Indian man murdered in Kansas ? The white man told him to get out of America. Trump is the GOP of hate.
"Hopefully arrest and prosecution will discourage." That's a STUNNINGLY brave and meaningful statement, Senator.  Not.
"hopefully" @realDonaldTrump @civilrights "will discourage" by speaking out against hate. It MUST come from the top.
This is horrible. I'm very concerned about the rise in anti-Semitism. What can we do to fight this?
Sir, we have a president supported by Nazis. And you feign surprise?
legions of Nazi frogs supported your party's standard bearer & his campaign CEO didn't want his kid going to school with Jews
the fish rots from the head.  There are a lot of evil trump supporters out there.  He needs to go.  #lovenothate
FYI Muslim men are working to repair the headstones toppled as a result of your bosses hateful rhetoric. #NeverTrump
Better than arrest would be getting white nationalists out of the WH. Racists feel validated.
you bought all the vitriol, man--you own it
top down bigotry in the GOP encourages the worst elements among your supporters.
watch it b some left wing activist nut job..just like the Muslim woman who said trump supporters beat her up.
Not until Bannon is out of White House. @ChuckGrassley
you aren't even from Iowa why don't you go pester your senator and leave @ChuckGrassley alone
.@ChuckGrassley hopefully you will stand up to the racism and anti semitism from trump and the @gop
@Neoavatara Your guy Trump and Steve Bannon are causing this by winking at the anti-Semites. Don't be a coward. Say something
Do something about it.  Denounce the white supremacist in the White House, Steve Bannon.
. @ChuckGrassley The President sets the tone for the country. And this president has set a tone of hatred.

Not surprising to see this...
or you could admit that the leader of your party stirs hate.
it's probably Bannon on a late not scotch binge...
@Italians4Trump 
Two weeks ago,same thing happen to a Catholic cemetery in Philadelphia. No Respect for the Dead.
Really? Which Catholic cemetery? Can you link to an article?
our president.  What will you do, sir?
You're a coward, Chuck. You know who is doing this and lack the soul to do what is morally and ethically right.
St. Louis was less than two weeks ago you half illiterate dope.
Thank you for your expression of concern especially when others are noticeably silent
hopefully the president will discourage
This is what happens when you have a white nationalist in the white house. You support him and @realDonaldTrump won't condemn
@RRMGOP Thank you Donald Trump-alt-right-Muslim ban-pizzagate-Steve Bannon America
usually we find out it's a left wing activist nut job. So I wouldn't b assigning blame just yet..
what's more disturbing is having white supremacists in the White House
Extremely disturbing. Just like your continued support of the man that spent his campaign retweeting white supremacists.
trump won Iowa by a large margin he better continue to support trump he's suppose to represent the majority.
more #TrumpTerrorism
@RRMGOP As long as Trump is President, bigots will be emboldened.
Maybe if Steve Bannon didn't use Breitbart to convince Trump voters that Jewish Globalists were the cause of all evil?
Or we could cease being Holocaust deniers...
Hopefully a sense of decency will discourage
also Disturbing is the response your getting from some "Americans" who see nothing wrong with this! These are your DT voters
Very disturbing that you supported and even spoke in defense of letting mentally ill buy guns. Shame on you.
Be nice to see you take a more robust just stance on the White House insanity but thank you for speaking out against this.
@RRMGOP
Hopefully Trump will discourage.
a big fat rebuke from the GOP and your president would be nice.
trump effect
Sill waiting for POTUS to address without being held hostage
or perhaps impeaching our anti-Semitic FAKE President
tolerance from the left?
maybe you could urge the @potus to fire the anti Semite in the WH and the party could disavow the alt right
@Italians4Trump it's the democratics doing it
call out all forms of hate. Including your party's. Lay off the hypocrisy. Your stance re Garland and Guns shame Iowa
or maybe investigate anti-semites advising the president? Just a thought
the Muslim gangs are coming.
Why do you think there's been an increase in anti-Semitic incidents, Senator? @ChuckGrassley
Not allowing white supremacy to reign in gov't would be more effective, senator.
maybe you should tell your leader to cut the racist behavior
I wouldn't hold my breath with a Sessions DOJ.  Shameful.
maybe you should speak out on the anti Semites in the White House. Speak to Bannon and other advisors.
Hopefully your party leader will condemn anti-Semitism.
because the White House surely won't.
