Lovely flowers indeed. However...
You could have called them "Amaryllis belladonna" or March lilies.
Why should he have? It's what they're called. Used though as an excuse to be a smart a** lunatic who prefers promoting killing live babies.
Did you just assume their gender??
Belladonna Lily or Naked Ladies

YAY AUTHORITARIANISM 
Georgeous flower!  We don't have naked ladies in Georgia.  Ha!
So me a repeal of Obamacare. That's what we want.
It pisses me off when I type one thing and after I post it Twitter changes a word, or two, or three.
Or...you suck at typing or need to turn autocorrect off. 
Nice to hear from you too. Why hateful? Bad day?
Twitter doesn't change what you write
Glad to see there is no Russian Sage or Siberian Irises in your garden. #trumprussia #letsroll #treasonweasles
That would be collusion.
Congrats on finding a lame reason to say "naked ladies" on your verified Twitter account Senator. Since you love women,  how about
supporting #PlannedParenthood and not trying to gut women's #Healthcare ?
That's weird, my wife and daughter get healthcare and never once stepped into PP! How could that be? #babykiller
This is weirder than anything Trump has ever tweeted.

Lololololololol. .. not really.
Those are some fine looking naked lady's sir.
Beautiful, I have them in my garden as well. Naked Ladies are so lovely. <3
Lovely!
I'm a liberal & it's nice 2 see pretty flowers 4 a change. A lot prettier than cactus n AZ. Some of U need 2 take some Xanax. Thanks Sen.
They are indeed beautiful flowers. He needn't have used literally the crassest name for them.
Magic lilies is what we always called them
Oh, the flowers, I thought, "How nice" that was what you called Trump supporters for a minute #NeverTrump
I had these come up in my garden, not sure how they got there, and was trying to find out the name of them! Thank you!

Huh???
Is that a Freudian slip for some personal perversion . Lillies...surprise!
Chuck, did you happen to see 4 possible indictments by Friday....damn leaks!!!!! Thank God for em! 
You folks are unhinged
fake tweet. everything is spelled correctly.
Still not great grammar, though. "I delighted".
'I delighted in' is correct, though.
How about investigating real schemes instead of all these fake investigations on @POTUS  @LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump
If you ask average NYers who know tRump,  they would tell you he is a known con man wh9 hangs with mobsters.
That's what people around here call these lilies also. I always knew them as "Surprise!" lilies.So far,mine have not reappeared this year, ?
I also have the tiny yellow flowers. I'd love to have more,but since I didn't plant them myself,I don't know what they are called. Do you?
Pervert
A brain transplant might help you, depending on the donor.
Not from you. You don't get jokes.
This is so innocent it hurts
Lovely!
It's the name of a flower, . Jeeez
Thank a farmer
Ahhh, Could you get off your ass

Trumps is about to start a War where no one wins

And you are making funny with flower pics
Player.
They are lovely, Chuck, but do  you get a farming subsidy?
Your president would like to share his too
If only my father was on Twitter so he could see this.
I can't see them. The flowers are in the way.
Scandalous - shouldn't you be working on some #healthcare legislation that will be acceptable to the American people?
Hopefully you were on the phone talking 25th Amendment with your colleagues before taking this pic.
People need to chill- this year is Naked Lady time! My kids tire of my naked lady jokes 
Can you spell inappropriate
Oh!!!   Lily and Lilac.  A chatty bunch they are. 
I witnessed you groping your poor handler at the air port. She looked so sad.
Great, Senator Grassley!  I only had one Naked Lady come up this year!  Looking good!
You see it's funny because you think he means naked women, but really it's just flowers.  Lololololol
NSFW.
Another genius running our country. Repeal & Replace @ChuckGrassley
"I delighted"? So Trump of you...
You couldn't find another term for these flowers? Ignorant tweet.
Have you been hacked?

Amazing how many haters a gardening tweet can awaken. Perhaps better 2use diff name, but seriously folks, don't u have anythng better to do?
These do very well on the Central Coast of California-interesting that they do well here-I would never thought to try them-Great job!
This guy likes flowers too:
We call those magic lilies! Bcuz the leaves come up and disappear b4 lilies come! Thank you for sharing they're beautiful
Hilarious!
Careful, if you say that in DC, you'll get Trump all excited.
Beautiful
You should be in WA,DC working...we pay you to work and to get something done.
Nice patch, green thumb
Did you send a bouquet to your GOP pervert in chief? Has he resigned yet?
Be careful, THEY might sue for SEXUAL harassment!

thanks Chuck
Very beautiful! Now can U please lock up Clinton,Obama,Mueller,McCabe,Rosenstein,Comey.Brennan,Clapper,Rogers,Podesta,ect.4 their Russia lie

Your GOP controlled senate is a failure. We the conservatives out here in USA are fed up with your lack of Trump support and no action.
You devil.
They are very beautiful, such a lovely delicate pink.
As Naked Ladies usually are.
Indeed most are very beautiful.
Ha! Iowa jokes! Looks like you are getting trolled enough by privileged white dems...so #gopokes #GoWyo
Lovely.
Chuck, they are blooming here in OHIO too
Shit, all I see is flowers
Great! Now go get the ACA repealed or at the very least get rid of the individual and corporate mandates. Thanks! @NWGreenApple @RamBoPirate

Thank you for what you do despite Left Wing intolerance on display.
Back door politics please help right his wrongs with a revision to 42USC 10609 allowing 9/11 families collect on their eligible judgements
Family has been going through. I will make sure everyone knows what you have done to the 9/11 families. Donald Trump this man practices
With your buddy Senator Schummer. In a few weeks 16 years later I will bury yet another piece of my husband no one can imagine the pain my
Because of the Algiers Accord!!!their lawyers greased your palms with their campaign contributions as a result they are collecting millions
Contributors from the lawyers that represent the Iran hostages you let them collect from the VSSt after being turned down by all US courts
Senator Grassley you are victimizing the 9/11 families with 42USC 10609 you have backdoor politics you will get caught with your campaign-
Not sure why everyone is having a cow over this? My Great Grandparents who were both saints refered to them as naked ladies? #CoolYourJets
Really????
Wow those are nice! Who plants and tends your yard? Oops, I mean your rental, here in Iowa...not your home in Richmond.
Beautiful!

I bet they were HORRIFIED to see YOU.
Kinda reminds me of The Republican President at one of his beauty pageants.
You should be looking at pictures of them in DC.
My mother grew these..thanks for sharing
It's not a witch hunt when Satan's minion is in your house.
We also have these in Florida, I never knew their name
OK.  looked at this for 5 minutes....pretty pink flowers, but no naked ladies.....
Why don't you get your ass back to work.
We don't care about your flowers. Come on. Do your job, please.
Don't post this @billclinton will come running.
Clickbait is beneath the dignity of a U.S. senator.
Like @SNICKERS, guaranteed to satisfy. @barenakedladies
Scandalous
You should stat on the Fram and Look at They for the Rest on your Life! D.C. Will not Miss You!
Speak out about this Mueller circus! Chaffetz is, why are no Congressmen? Disgrace. Investigate the REAL crimes of Clinton, Obama, Lynch
Shakes head.
I love to #garden. So relaxing & peaceful. It's fun to watch plants progress. The #polebeans, #squash & #tomatoes are gangbusters.
@GideonResnick wow 
Scandalous!
Maybe you should spend some more time there. Like maybe drop out of the senate. It's time. #TermLimits
Retire
Porn... you know it when you see it.
They would be even more beautiful if you’d ask the Senate to invoke the 25th Amendment to remove an obviously insane POTUS.
How about some russian hacking info
Be careful, Senator. @realDonaldTrump might want to come grab the by the pistil.
Lordy, I do hope there are tapes - of your president, that is. #Followthemoney
.@realDonaldTrump is pissed at this tweet because there are actually no naked women. #FakeTweet
Thought this was a Fox tweet.
No leg bronzer or hair extensions in sight...
That is one tweet I never thought I'd see from you.
Just don't let Orrin Hatch see them. He's spent right now...
Your flowers are pretty! Trump is not a good person! I'm ashamed of him you should be too!
Looks like you have a hobby when you get voted out of office...
Risque
You might want to check this video senator:
This Goebbels vs Stephen Miller comparison of speaking style nails it, but  note too—they both stoked hatred, fear by creating scapegoats 
@IowaReview @JoyAnnReid @chucktodd @washingtonpost @maddow @lawrence the only flowers he recognizes in his "garden."
Those aren't the kind of naked ladies that Donald Trump delights in.
Now you're just playing with us....love your sense of humor Sen Wadcutter
All you republicans are just children.
was @OrrinHatch there with them? That might explain his quote from earlier today...
Now if only congress could look that pretty!
@voterdye ghost lilies they sneak up on you
I delighted to show my shoe.
Lewd
I love Magic Lillies. I especially love the Jenny Lilly.
I covfefe
My wonderful grandmother always called them "Resurrection Lilies." I like her name the best!
"
Refreshing to see a GOP member talking about pretty pink flowers when talking about naked ladies. 
You need a "helping verb" in this sentence! We're fighting to strengthen our students' public school education so they know the difference
It's Twitter! Mistakes happen. #grammargestapo
How many millions in gov't subsidies did you garner for these FAKE flowers? Asking for a fiend. Hold my bear. I'll wade . . .
A fiend?
Sent from an iPhone? Should be “idelighted”.
You're leaving yourself open to a lot of photoshopping on this tweet.
You know that Christie will show up there, on his beach chair.
put. down. the. bourbon.
No!!!
Oh, so much Trump shade. Fantastic.
gorgeous.  Thanks for tweeting.
Thank Senator. I just shot my wad.
Naked Ladies?  Crap, my grams always called them Ressurection Lillies.  Now I'm conflicted  
Amaryllis belladonna ("pretty lady") lilies deserve their name! They're blooming wild all over the SF Peninsula too.
I for one am happy that Twitter didn't automatically show me this vile image. We elected you to Congress and not Hustler board of directors
In my neighborhood, they're called Surprise Lillies. Pervert.
Putin has a pee pee tape on you too, doesn't he?
Actually that was me.
Naked Ladies, Black-eyed Susans...the guy is obviously running a dyke bar!
Oh Chuck, u were my senator for 20+ years but now can't decide if ur a traitor or accomplice. ur an embarrassment to honest Iowans. #sad
We call them "Surprise Lilys" in Indiana.
Just sayin'.
You're a creep
Have them too
Do they urinate? Maybe somebody needs to do a #dossier  on YOU.
Your part of pro putin Russian paid GOP! And you tweet flowers? You should be ashamed of your complicity in TREASON!  #RussianGOP
Take your pills.
I agree with you on this!
I mortified...
Nice dad joke!
You better watch it MSM will label you as a sex offender!!
?
You're sounding more like Trump every day.
do your job impeach that ass in the whitehouse or are you scared of him
My grandmother always call these Resurrection lilies.
lordy
I'm delighted to show you a picture from my garden
Sir, this is not how you are supposed to use the twitter.
Maybe you should turn your attention and energy to what Putin has cultivated in the White House before it's too late for all of us.
Here's some fungus.
Omg laughed so hard!  Beautiful fungus.
@realDonaldTrump would be disappointed there aren't ACTUAL naked women in your flower garden.
And we delighted to see them!
Are we now talking in tongues? New White House Speak to mark launch of State Run TV?
Whistleblower needed
What does that have to do with #RepealObamaCare
*waggles eyebrows*

Smearing Simpson won't discredit dossier cuz Steele's credentials impeccable, hence your House colleagues' treason. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/08/04/trump-steele-dossier-russia-241299 …
Don't let Pence know
Perhaps you should've picked a different flower, Senator?
Oh the scandal!  Very lovely.
Pervert.
I like perverts.
Naked ladies are the best! Keep on Chuckin’!
