BREAKING: @ChuckGrassley is shocked that @realDonaldTrump is a liar.
Chuck loves Don.
You mean he lied?? Now you see why the rest of us are so alarmed. Trump is a liar and a fool, do what you can to limit his powers
Chuck voted for Don and supports him.  What do you expect him to do?  You probably voted for Grassley, too.
I did not, thanks for confirming my observation that y’all do nothing but criticize and deflect. Time to step aside
My point is that Sen Grassley knew Trump was a liar and a fool and he continues to carry water for him. Will be the end of the GOP
I called & warned you not approve his nomination, as did many others. Join growing list of upset Iowans. Wake up b4 it’s too late.
You probably support Chuck Grassley, too.  Chuck puts party before country.
I’m stunned. Shocked. You don’t think he could have lied to you do you?
This it's smoke & mirrors to keep Trump from taking the hit Grassley, and you know it. Stop playing your little games. Question Jr. Now!
He's not the real POTUS & everyone in GOP knows it. Putin dangled $4 mil in front of Trump 6 months before this
How do we contest the election?
I don't know. But it starts by letting your elected representatives know you want to.
We want to know the truth about Russia Chuck
Sounds like influence peddling to me.
You got punked by a conman who speaks with forked tongue.
Lyin' Don sold you snake oil.
Whether POTUS supports it or not (he's all about coal), we need to be pro-renewable energy! Iowa should be a leader in this!
Are you really surprised? Did you not listen to him? He is a pathological liar. Has been all his life.
Newsflash, Trump lied to get elected...
Your logic is protectionist and malaligned with the rationale that markets can best determine how much ethanol is demanded. #freemarket
Oh but they r. Welcome to our world. Environmentally sound projects are aborted by GOP Big Oil cabal.
Many are NOT as strong as U & are instead loyal to the MSM/Dems instead of Conservative Americans who won the right to have our agenda fully implemented. Must remove all Obama holdovers, & Anti-Trumpers. #MAGA
He lies and is not respected by the majority of this country. Everyday he is tearing the Republican party to shreds.
Priorities, Chuck. First kick them off insurance, deport their neighbors, raise their taxes, send their sons to N Korea, THEN biofuels.
I wonder how many people replying to this tweet voted for Chuck Grassley and Trump?
Kind of like the GOP Senate not doing what it said it would do...on healthcare, taxes, etc.
Dont act shocked or outraged; its your party which you love over all else;  Like a cheating lover you come home and pretend ignorance.
I wonder who could ever hold a president accountable for screwing up the country and flat out lying? 
As in, all of the time.
You just catching on that he's kind of a liar?
He knew he was a liar, but still supported him for President.  That support will be Grassley's legacy. Shameful.
What's new? The EPA is overloaded with Environmentalist hacks who could care less about progress regarding combustible fuels. Clean out EPA
TREASON. STOP TRUMP NOW. WHY ARE NOT HELPING? ARE Complicit OR COMPROMISED?
You complain about this but not about all the other things he does
You supported @realDonaldTrump You got conned, along with the rest of Iowa.
Worse yet...his oath of office to uphold and defend the Constitution is violated every time he speaks or tweets!
#MerrickGarland
Trump thinks you're a rube.
Yes, Senator. Haven't you heard? The @GOP POTUS is a liar. He's perverting your entire party. Why do you protect him?
Chuck is afraid of Don
Hope you’re not surprised Senator.
No shit Senator. You have been wandering in the corn fields way too long. Some would say the Russian cornfields.
.@ChuckGrassley Remember when you voted Scott Pruitt in? Stop being a hypocrite and blaming others 4 your own mistakes against Iowans.
Where do you think Pruitt gets his marching orders, Senator? Just admit that Dear Leader lied to get elected.
The hell you say!?!
You refuse to respect or trust " the left", but you believed Trump???
POTUS has truth issues....
You seemed so confident that holding the supreme court seat was the right move. Bit of insider trading or are you just a gamblin man?
Dennis Green said it best: They ARE who we thought they were! Don't let em off the hook Chuck.
PLEASE CALL TRUMP and get this fixed
We all knew @realDonaldTrump and Pruitt couldn't be trusted. How could you not see this coming? When is it enough? #impeachtrump
Find urself a different horse.
It's time to retire, Chuck. You can't see a liar and fraud 4 feet in front of you. We told you this when he was 4 miles away.
Pruitt in fact corrupt. Transparency in govt? Nah, would interfere with his business interests.
oh, @ChuckGrassley, @realDonaldTrump has made a fool of you, too! Some of us knew this would happen back in November.
The EPA should never do what trump says.
Really? Well, duh! @realDonaldTrump  is a liar. You cant be just figuring this out.  How's that knife in the back feel, Huh Chucky?
Lol serves you right Farmer Chuck. You’ve been had!!!
Shocker
He promised not to touch SS, Medicare or Medicaid, best healthcare-cover everything, low cost. He's the #LiarInChief.
That's because the subsidies for bio fuels & then forcing people to buy that crap is bullshit! Enough allready! Bad for environment & costly
He betrays everyone Chuck. It was obvious from the beginning.
Aw Chuck! I bet it just sucks when the racist, misogynistic, amoral narcissist ahole u helped elect as @GOP standard bearer never pivots!
Oh bless your ! Don't you know Everything Trump Touches Dies? He screwed every business partner he ever had! He does not care!
Don’t act surprised. Like the trite poem he read during the campaign, you knew what he was when you let him in.
WRITE THIS AGAIN IN LANGUAGE YOUR CONSTITUENTS UNDERSTAND - GET SO SICK OF THIS!  YOU'RE JUST NOW CATCHING ON THAT TRUMP IS A LIAR?  DUH!
No surprise!  Pruitt is a disastor
Oh, wait....or, POTUS lied.  
He does that all of the time....wake up!
Obvious you care more about your farm operations than about healthcare for your constituents.  Millionaire farmers = bad senators. Retire.
Join the club Charles. Perhaps you will finally see what the majority of,Americans see. We are being governed by a sick man and sycophants.
And you're surprised at this betrayal?
Senator Grassley, are you honestly surprised that Trump didn't keep his promise?
While you're recognizing con men, take a look at the disgrace to Iowa Steve King.  Country b4 party Chuck!
It’s time to stimulate demand. Like never before.
Who does what the potus says?
Kinda like you said you'd do your job on the judiciary committee but just obstructed a Supreme Court nomination instead? You own all of this
Chuck, really? You're actually questioning Trump's honesty? Welcome to the party pal..
Can you please translate into English?
Do what the Koch's say and shut up. You have always been a team player so don't act up now. Thanks for the Dakata Access pipeline dotard.
You of all people should have known @POTUS was all hat and no cattle!
IA will have your back if you stand up for us Chuck. As a fellow Panther I want you on the right side of history. #BeOurMcCain
Chuck, Trump lies, Pruitt is a crook. We called and wrote. You didn't listen.  It's not too late to see the light. Country over party.
In case you haven't figured it out yet, @POTUS is a liar and you shouldn't believe anything he says.
Ooooh. Isn't that quite the shocker, Chuckles?
How does it feel to be duped? Now do your damn job and impeach the idiot. Throw Pruitt out too! Crazy wack jobs running the country. #Doomed
Politics is painful sometimes.
Did you show them your Merrick Garland butt plug? Maybe someday.
Duped by Trump? Get behind, US banks, Small business contractors,Trump U, students, Puerto Rico, oh and the rest of America.
Turn to the History Channel Up Chuck, that will really set off the tweet-o-meter. You a fool if you think Trump keeps his word. Sad
Government shouldn't be picking winners & losers.  Let free market work. BTW, I live in Iowa.
I called your office before his confirmation with grave concerns about your support for Pruitt as EPA chief. I'm sure many others did also.
You chose to act as a Republican stooge, rather than an Iowa Senator. When will you stand up for Iowa?! When will you stand up for America?!
The majority of this administration are acting only in self-interest, and we can only expect it to worsen. You are supporting a kleptocracy.
And that surprised you why?
GE Power Global Green Energy movement has nixed US Dev-EPA & returned to underdeveloped nations building micro-grids via UN-China Agenda 21
BWAHAHAHAHA  too funny Chuckie. Your forgetting party over country line and tRump is YOUR party!
You are smart enough not to hang your hopes on an unstable, megalomaniacal lunatic. Please stop talking about foolish bs "promises".
How can a congressman criticize the failures of the president when congress has not delivered for the last six to eight years?
Why does this surprise you sir? Trump is a liar no matter what & you of all people should know that.  GOP’s Prez is a Hoax.
So Trump lied Chuck? Imagine that. Good God you are stupid..... Unplug Gramma!  Unplug Gramma! Unplug Gramma! #phony
So shocking Senator.
Are you telling me the POTUS lied! You must be so disappointed. How could we not have seen this coming?
You just realized that you shouldn't trust a liar?????
Why are you surprised Chuck! Don took every position under the sun!
Neither are you @ChuckGrassley
You're a senator, Chuck.  Stand up and DO something about it.
Are you just now figuring out that they're doing whatever they want behind closed doors?
This is my shocked face...oh. Wait. I’m not the least bit shocked. Trump lied. Listen to what he’s said historically. He hates ethanol.
@realDonaldTramp hasn't done one thing he promised he's dividing so nothing is done out the blame were it shld be
Color me shocked Chuck. But by all means, keep supporting him and voting FOR HC bills that you say have at least 10 reasons to vote against
RFS is a mandate to put corn(ethanol) in our cars and subsidize it. Let free market work without mandate
Do Your job: Fix it. The legislature is supposed to balance the executive branch, not rubber stamp it then act dumbfounded.
Sold your soul to the devil Chuck and came back to bite you?  Shame on you @ChuckGrassley
Huh????
Did that clue bug just bite u in the butt? This entire admin lies, lies, lies! Some of us were quicker to figure this out.
Who would have thought?
Then stop voting with him
Wow, Chuck, you just figured out that trump is a lying sack of bovine scatology?
No kidding Chuck!  The man is a lying bully and you've been kissing his behind since last summer.
You are an embarrassment to Iowa and its people.  IMPEACH TRUMP or RESIGN YOUR OFFICE.
Are you kidding me???
Pruitt is another waste ofthe taxpayer money , needs to be investigsted^
Trump? A liar? Are you just now figuring this out?
And u r surprised!  The man hasn't told the truth since the Central Park 5 & Obama's birth certificate. U have been played!
How can you possibly be surprised? You have been #bamboozled senator. Take it on faith that everything you were told by him is a lie.
And meanwhile the majority of Americans have been sitting on the edge of their seats watching his nose grow.
Is English your native language Chuckles? I get twitter but seriously......
And this surprises you?
Chuck, it's about time to get your head out of your grassley.  You can do it, just crank that neck back and give it a whirl.
Surprise! Trump lied? No f'ing way!
Oh no, you feel betwayed wittle chuckie? Boo hoo! You threw your principles out the window to score easy political points. No sympathy here
Are you surprised he lied?  Chuck, you know better than to believe anything that 45 says. Unless it's racist then of course it's true.
Good grief, Chuck. We told you Pruitt and Trump were liars. You knew it and ignored us. Now Iowa is going to suffer.
Little slow there Chuck.  The majority of the electorate figured out he was a liar over a year ago.
Really disappointed in politicians that air their grievances instead of talking directly to the president.
We tried to tell you but you wouldn't listen.  We saw through him and knew he was bad for Iowa and America.  Why couldn't you?
Are you really surprised Chuck? Being naive isn’t a good look.
So have u been elected whiner for 45. He changes his mind like women change panties.
Chuck, are you surprised? @realDonaldTrump DOES NOT KEEP HIS PROMISES!
He's your president.  All yours.
That's what happens when you sell your soul to a conman.
Poor Chuck.
And you're shocked that he lied? The rest of us already knew he was a con man, Senator. #LiveWithIt
you are gullible AF
The folks of western Iowa, in Steve King country, will vote Trump reguardless. Just mention Obama. Party over people.. right Chuck?
I don't vote King & unfortunately I'm in his district. Happen to be a liberal democrat.
Well, what did you expect?   Honesty, integrity, etc... Btw, health care is a big issue. Universal health care, please!!
Surprise
and all you R's been promising REPEAL REPLACE ACA and that hasn't happened yet..REPEAL THE UNAFFORDABLE NO-CARE FRAUD ACT NOW
And the scales fell from his eyes. This administration is not about anything but enriching themselves and tearing apart our great nation.
The head of the DEA is resigning because the commander in chief has no respect for laws and you’re whining that he lied to you? #GOPFraud
It's almost as if @realDonaldTrump is a liar or something.
Serves you right for selling your soul to Trump. A deal with the devil is just that, a deal with the devil.
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
By email, phone and fax, I TOLD YA 
is this a tattle? think he cares?
chuck, plz get that #Dotard out of OUR WH be4 he kills people. he is demented-why is #GOP not fixing USA?
Welcome to the party.
How could he do that to you, his number one shill!
.......and Congress is NOT doing WHAT IT "SAID" #obamacare
But at least you get to keep your Obamacare! 
#GrahamCassidy DEAD #Obamacare ALIVE & WELL 
Gee Chuck, did you just figure out you can't trust what President Dotard says!!!
I've never been happier to hear that twitter added more space: DidU no this B4?
Surprised?
I can't ever judge to see if I agree, because of how incoherent this tweet is.
Are they all corrupt too?
He's to busy building his secure room.  What is he hiding?
I'm shocked to find there are charlatans in the White House.
You got fooled. Stand up for the American people
Bigley
CG, Biofuels should compete without use mandates or subsidies.
are you surprised? You shouldn't be, he is a liar
Gee Chuck, if only there were some kind of historical record one could look at to see how many empty promises 45 has made...
Did you expect consistency and honesty from this president? He's been an unpredictable liar from the get go!! He's a loser bugles
what exactly were you thinking when you voted to confirm him?
What are you doing to help? you could start by not complaining Go to work for our country
Um, did Trumo promise you something and then not deliver? How odd.
Chuck pull your head out of your ass. It's not the EPA. It's Trump who did not direct them do what he promised.
GOP not doing what they said. Not supporting the President, just obstruct,
You voted to elect #lyingpieceofshittrump followed by your vote to accept Pruitt 2 run the EPA, knowing his background. Now Iowa will suffer
Come on Senator, @Potus doesn't do what Potus said he would do... check his 100 day Promise to America. Everything is a LIE!
This is the worst poem I've ever read.
SHOCKER!!  Like seriously Chuck @realdonaldtrump lies.  Surely this can't be your first trip to the circus that is #TrumpCrimeFamily?
Go home.
You don't seem to be doing what the people want.  What's the difference?
Why should he he's a Republican just like you!!!
YOU SAID you would hold a vote to release the Glenn Simpson transcript, BUT YOU HAVEN'T
Omg.  You are waking up!

Trump's been president 9 months without a single piece of legislation passed.  When does all the "winning" start?  Askin' for a friend.
Mitch must go before GOP loses majority!!!
Ditch Mitch
I'm shocked.
Soon you'll have 280 characters to spell out "to be" and equals! Longer tweets to complain about Liar in Chief #corntalk
