Thank god we have places like @PPact that can provide screenings to those that need assistance. #YoureMySenatorToo
ummm, Iowa is trying to defund planned parenthood. Thanks to our lovely governor.
I realize that. Sarcasm font unavailable
yeah, someone needs to get on that font. Probably be overused these days 
did you explain to them in detail about how their pre-existing condition will prohibit them from receiving health ins?
how about you talk to your constituents about why you're refusing to address anything that's been happening the past few days
Amen.
not everyone with breast cancer has money. Planned parenthood does good work with early detection. Don't defund them.
unlike Steve King, I think you're  a decent guy, just wish you'd speak up for us instead of quietly tow the party line.
@POTUS has a less than 6% approval rating. You will go down in US & Iowa history supporting him. Stand up for what is right!
How to justify removing protections for pre-existing conditions fr ACA? BTW Planned Parenthood does breast cancer screenings
you should have considered garland ur a joke
5000 US soldiers' lives at stake in Iraq w/ PGOTUS "oil looting" statements. Video circulating widely there. GOP DO SOMETHING
how about you grow a backbone and stand up against the Muslim ban?
What are you doing about the Islam ban? Nothing apparently.
The US constitution has been torched by trump. What do you plan to do?  We expect you to act on our behalf, not the repubs!
How nice!  Now get off your ass and stand up to trump while we still have a constitution!
President Trump has no concern for sick people. What will you do? History is watching.  Are you a #ResisitorOrCollaborator ?
Put a stop to Bannon in NSC and Russian puppeterring.  Act like GOP, not Bannon/Putin whip.
still nothing on the executive order? Stop being a coward
So you spoke about PP and the affordable healthcare and preventive medicine they provide? Or did you just say fu I'm taking the ACA away?
.@ChuckGrassley @joniernst demonstrate IA values: vote "no" on DeVos
keep Obama care
  You guys should apply fix it.  Dumb to start all over
also Bannon is running the white house.  If we know you know
Since when do you care about women's health?
considering that ur doing absolutely nothing about last week's events, u have time to take my phone call. call me back xoxo
Afraid of important issues? Stop all nominees based on racism, ineptitude, Russian oil & fracking conflicst of interest, ..

We must tighten loopholes in the Visa Waiver prgm, ensure passports can’t be faked & stop terrorists who want to exploit the system.
at least you were allowed to speak during Obama's presidency you are now redundant thanks to your annointed king!
Sir:We the People ask you to review the Jan.6 CAC letter to you regarding Jeff Sessions being unfit to be Atty Gen.--Vote No.
-did you just use women's health issue for free advertising? Don't be 2 faced- make sure they have a provider and insurance!
If you repeal ACA and Medicaid, many will die without getting the chance to have cancer treatment. Do you really care?
No Sessions! This is just to extreme! Please stand agiant this nonsense! People are scared!
State Dept being gutting FAST! Tillerson/Trump/Putin oil deal obviously in the making. PUT A STOP TO INSANITY!
and then you took away her Affordable healthcare and access to exams Planned Parenthood. #resistance #womensmarchiowa
good thing Planned Parenthood is available for cancer screenings  for all people.
did you discuss how breast cancer is a pre-existing condition?  And essentially, so is being a woman?  #SaveACA
Did you start on fire for all your hypocrisy holding that mtg? BTW, publish your tour schedule. Secret lunches don't count.
you know who else cares about breast cancer?  @PPact
you mean you actually meet with Iowans?  Were they pre-screened as supporters and personally invited?
Vote NO on Sessions, DeVos & Price. We can do so much better!
Need 2nd confirmation hearing for AG nominee Jeff Sessions, a key advisor on DT's EO that violates civil liberties of Muslims
Glad to hear. Heard anything an addtl hearing for Sessions? Protecting ACA? Guessing not...selective hearing...
what about the unconstitutional ban? What about Banner on the NSA?
so did you talk with them about how you will NOT gut the ACA?
At what point are you gonna stand up to Trump. How far will u let him go?
We need a second hearing for A.G. nominee, Jeff Sessions. More time for questions is needed!
your phone line was busy today
did you laugh at them as you stripped them of insurance?
Breast Cancer is a preexisting condition.  Keep the #ACA
people believe you have a duty to resist this administration
How about speaking out against the bans/future laws put in place that would deny people w/ cancer help?
bet they wanted healthcare. What you tell them. Good luck?
fund Planned Parenthood
keep #ACA
good health care for your wife and the nation. Keep the #aca
breast cancer would be pre-existing condition covered under ACA- oh wait, u r a Rep who doesn't give a damn about women
tRumps attorney General pick is unfit to serve the country. Vote No!
please keep the ACA
Did you tell them your #Obamacare lies about Ted Kennedy being denied cancer treatment and "pulling the plug on grandma?"
Breast cancer is considered by health insurers to be a pre-existing condition. Please help us to #SaveACA!
let me guess... you sympathized then led them on their way
You'd think you'd want to provide access to mammograms for low-income Iowans then, huh? @PPHeartland
7 OF 8 WOMEN WILL NEVER GET BREAST CANCER - BUT WE SCREEN THEM FOR $95 BILLION/YEAR.  COULD BE SPENDING THAT ON BREAST CANCER
