Fox is Republican Propaganda. As a member of Congress you should Not be promoting this garbage that divides our Nation. Shame on you
Senator: I'd gladly show you how to link tweets...
...it's easy.
did you tweet this from an old rusty typewriter
Would you rather have a staffer tweet for him? The Senator is 83 yrs old. Use this space to communicate!
no
Cool. Let's make fun of the old guys w/ all the power instead of encouraging them to engage w/ the broader world. Sickest burn
okay it was a joke dude. next time i'll be sure to cause surely chuck himself will read it and have an epiphany
I like jokes. Thing is, if this guy looks at his feed and it's just a bunch of people making fun, he'll never read replies.
Maybe I'm wrong, but in his crazy tweets I see a dude who might read what folks write. Let's make that space constructive, just in case : )
By the way, Senator, if you're reading this, not holding a hearing for Garland was unacceptable. You are accountable for current POTUS
We don't need coal. We don't need the Koch's. And we certainly don't need Senators that don't work for US #SCOTUS dodgers. #GoHomeChuck
Oh good, you get your news from Fox, just like our endlessly well informed president. That's wonderful to hear.
Ok, 1.) Fox News? Really? & 2.) of course they are!! This happens in all govt agencies & u know this. Not just the VA. Maybe u shld resign
And PROSECUTE those responsible!! Signed: a Vet & VA Vol
PLEASE KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK AGAINST FBI's TAINTED RUSSIA PROBE and the attacks on whistleblowers!! We need them more now than ever
lol you really believe anything FOX News says?  Unbelievable.  Of course, you are from Iowa, so I guess that is what I would expect.
How did you vote on Iowa's crackdown on whistleblowers outting farm animal abuse, again? Don't act so indignant #ag-gag
What language is this?
It's the (Over) The Hill Tribe dialect of Senatese, notable for disappearing vowels and characteristically unintelligible consonant pairs.
Thanks, I'll remember this.
This is part of your boy Kushner reimagining of the VA do something about it you sitting on the side lines crying is ridiculous
OMG, I think Chuck is having a seizure,he's fallen and can't get up!
Trump is awesome at business, he always picks the right MAN for the job, so this must be fake news.
You first Chucky.
You better get in the right lane on this one Chuck! You aren't listening to the PEOPLE! PS: Why do you watch Fox News? They are surrogates.
You should do YOUR job or resign!
He turned into a swamp critter decades ago.
Senator, you have a Uni degree & you taught at City College. A wild guess: it wasn't English.  
p.s. @FOXNews is dumbing you down, fella.
He was appointed to clean up this sort of mess. So do your job Mr Secretary
Believing anything on Fox News makes you disqualified to be a senator
u need to get rid of Steve king.  He's a embarrassment for Iowans
Are you having voters regret, Chuck? I know Iowa is over you.
Fox News?? Why don't you come to Iowa City and talk to actual veterans? I've worked here for six years and haven't seen you once.
That's funny, I was just thinking that... Chuck won't come to Iowa City. People oppose him there & he's not about to deal with that 
Why are these folks whistblowers, but people who release info on the President "leakers"?
I want to like this a million times. They just do not get it!
Fox News is your source - it's no wonder your tweets are illegible nonsense.
Were you having a stroke when you typed this?
If Fox News reported it I'm sure it has to be true. Just like death panels. #pulltheplugonfox #quitscareinggrandma
You need to go back to New Hartford . I am a disabled USMC veteran, a patient   and an employee at ICVAHCS. You have no  clue.
Did you ever pass English class?
Tweet longer and be articulate.
Whistle blower engineers can not get work in the defense industry once black listed. This problem could also apply to other industries.
I'm sorry Chuck, are YOU calling out someone on Twitter for not doing their job? Well, a  skunk smells his own hole first . . .
Maybe get your information from real sources, Chuck.  You are such an embarrassment.
Yet when confronted with "leaks" about @POTUS corruption, you want to punish the people leaking.
HOW BOUT WE TAKE CARE OF OUR DEMOCRACY... WHY NOT USE TWITTER TO EDUCATE!! SO YOU SALE US TO MERCER/KOCH MERCER PAYS ALMOST ALL THE STUFF
At the WH
Stop watching Fox News . Go find out for yourself
You heard the man, @SecShulkin, SO DO IT!
Love your hate vets followers. Sad we protected your freedoms http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2016/04/07/va-wait-time-manipulation-veterans/82726634/ … fix it now
Shrbn blibhurtz bickt Vicky boo boo watzerhutzel muckashjy hummina hummina
Your staff (Mickey) told me today that you personally reply to every email. You approve of lying to constituents?
Yet you want to punish those blowing whistle at POTUS/Russia. You are a f'ing HYPOCRITE! You're the one that should resign
So you're a senator, can get valid info by picking up the phone & you get gov dept info from Fox? So embarrassing! #doyourjob
I hear your still beating the "Hillary's emails" drum! Really! After Russia, Pence's emails, FLYNN, etc etc etc! You need to resign!
IF YOU WANT A WHISTLEBLOWER STORY I CAN PROVE HOW IT LEADS DIRECTLY TO YOUR OFFICE AND JOHN MCMICKLE, CHUCK.
Did Trump take over your Twitter account?  I expected better of you.
What in the world is this tweet? Are you ok?
You supported these guys.
You failed to do your constitutional duty with Garland. Did you forget that you took an oath? You resign!
I used to think you were a warrior, not so much anymore.
Stop watching FOX news!!
When you listen to "Fake" news as your information source, you are barely more credible source than Trump does.
Can U please personally go to the VA hospitals & start cleaning them up.
You watch Fox?  Lol
keep on chuckin'
OMG!! Please stop tweeting! I have asked several times yet you continue. You look terrible. STOP!
Too late Trump already fixed the VA. You should tweet him to find out
How about you resign. How about the whistler blowers from NSA? I bet you're not fighting for them?
wait chuck I know you text all yr tweets in but are you actually against trump wanting to press whistleblowers (w boulders )
I used to be so proud to be from iowa. You, sir, make me ashamed to admit it.
how about you get on this yourself? isn't that what we pay you for?
it is happening in other govt agencies as well. I hope change is coming.
Can we get you to resign?
Kind of how GOP is all butt hurt about the whistleblowers "leaking" tRumps Russia connections. Pot have you met kettle?
Forgot to change twitter accounts.
Lol no.
By Obama's VA. People should be summarily fired this weekend!
Fox "News" is not a credible source for real information.
Sally Yates should get her job back but not a peep from you Chuck why not?
Jesus God Man! You are a sitting Senator, you know Checks & Balances, Testicular Fortitude, do something about it! We Vets are tired of it!
Are you stroking out? Do we need to call 911?
Crossing my fingers!!!
Fox News just reported death panels are real. Omg
Bahahaha!
They speak English in What?
So whistleblowers are fine in the VA but not if they are reveal WH corruption? Nice double standard.
Fox News, the official news channel of the GOP.
Senator. I agree w/ your sentiment, but why didn't you just call VA Secy?
Secretary of Veterans Affairs, David Shulkin, was approved unanimously by the Senate in February.
Slow down on the Friday night whiskey Chuck
dude are you okay
I'm glad you care about the VA, but you have access to real information. Why listen to Fox News?
Sir, I hope you read your replies. We don't agree on policy, but I have tremendous respect for your service and desire to connect w/ people!
Blink twice if you need help.
Fox News lies and you are a terrible person. Thanks!
did you hit the blunt before tweeting this charles?
Happy hour?
Why get on the phone when the Secy could just tweet at them? ;)
how bout snowden chuck
Well with all due respect senator you voted for him so...
you JUST unanimously confirmed him. WHY would you attack him without full info? Stop degrading yourself with these partisan jabs.
Speaking of resigning, Chuck. What's your hot take on government officials being investigated by the feds?
Those are ALMOST even WORDS you're TYPING
