Where in the constitution does it say "senate must hold hearing" ?
Thankfully article 1 section 5 gives them the power to just kill the rule all together. Congrats on the one going to judge Jeanine
Seriously, this x1000.
They're gonna lose again in 2020 without any major changes to their platform so won't happen.
I'm willing to take that risk.
What "rule" was for Merrick Garland?
Biden's rule and 80 yrs of history; Biden said it, we'll implement it.
There's no such "rule".  There was no vacancy, there was no nominee, he was talking about summer, not February.
He was talking about final year, be honest unlike your parties political felons ; he said it we implement it
Oh so whatever Dems say you'll implement? Good to know.
Yeah,I'm all over that because,you know,I've got that kind of power.
Trump has already started campaigning for 2020. He missed his chance to nominate.
Math's not your strong suit, huh? Passage of time kind of a challenge?
Since Garland couldn't be voted in because of the campaign,  Gorsuch can't be either. Trump has already started for 2020.
Please retire. Don't even wait until your term is up. You're an embarrassment to Iowa.
Hey dummy we all see through your partisan maneuvering on Gorsach.  He has taken a stolen seat
No, we just need one rule for sanity - and you don't have that one!
Are you high? Seriously m you refused to even give Obama's nomination a hearing. So no it's not different, they at least heard him. Shut up
Merrick Garland.
@twright55 Tell Mitch to Nuke their sorry asses. @TheDemocrats
well maybe if GOP Senate hadn't been jackasses over Garland...
How do you live with yourself? That is a sincere question.
Merrick Garland
Except he's not exceptional. In fact, his refusal to answer questions makes him highly suspect regardless of who nominated him.
What about Garland???
Merrick GARLAND! You putz!
You can't be serious.  How can you live with yourself and the lies?  You and the GOP wouldn't even considered Obamas nom. #hypocrite
Maybe the vote then should be for Merrick Garland.
79 times 79 times
Not two, not three, 79 times you filibustered.
The president is under active FBI and congressional investigations for campaign collusion with a foreign adversary. No reason to rush Chuck
“Mr. Garland seems to be well qualified and would probably make a good judge.” - Sen Grassley 

https://thinkprogress.org/amp/p/2d75f357a25e …
Merrick Garland
☆。 ★。 ☆  ★
 。☆ 。☆。☆ 
★。＼｜／。★   
Merrick Garland
★。／｜＼。★
 。 ☆。☆。☆ 
☆。 ★。 ☆  ★
Merrick. Garland.
1 rule for Garland, a different one for Gorsuch, though?
Not quite, O wasn't under investigation for treason
#MerrickGarland
As someone that grew up in Iowa, I am embarrassed and ashamed of the way you conduct yourself and represent my home.
Not. True. There should have been a vote and consideration of Merrick Garland first. If he was not confirmed, then GOP could move forward.
Merrick
Garland
This is bad arguing. You haven't tried to find a compromise nominee. Also, Merrick Garland.
Are you brain-damaged? GARLAND! Who never even got a HEARING! What is wrong with you people??
Yeah he's exceptional. Exceptionally bad or didn't you listen to Ron Wyden. You're a hypocrite with intentional amnesia.
Merrick Garland
https://twitter.com/resisterhood/status/849010635040059392 …
Garland.
Thanks for the lecture Senator Hypocrite
Merrick Garland
Are you *pretending* to be stupid?
no, it just means the guy who the supreme Court unanimously overulled is unfit. pick a moderate!
Merrick Garland!  Republicans started it so maybe they should end it by confirming Garland then we can move on to Gorsuch
Biden just said he would advise waiting until after the ELECTION to hold a hearing, not block it completely. 
Merrick Garland
Plus he was speaking hypothetically (there was no vacancy that year), and it was in June, not February, of an election year.
Merrick Garland
what do u call R response to Garland, who didn't even get a hearing, let alone a vote? Tired of partisanship. No wonder Cong polls in teens
Two words: Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland
Your hypocrisy disgusts me. Remember Merrick Garland? You represent Iowa, and bring us nothing but disgust and shame.
I agree. So why wouldn't you even give Garland a hearing? Don't change the rules; change the candidate. Vote NO for Gorsuch!
Well, at least the Dems aren't doing something blatantly unconsitutional like, I don't know, REFUSING TO EVEN HAVE A HEARING. #Garland
Until #russiagate is investigated NO confirmation on #gorsuch #russiagate #IllegitimatePOTUS
Merrick Garland
MERRICK GARLAND. R's blocked 79 Obama noms in 09-13.  Only 68 blocked in nearly 60 years prior. GOPs are hypocrits and a disgrace.
Prior to that Dems blocked Fed Judges of Bush's. That mskes Dems hypocrites. Not to mention 'Harry Reid'.
As your constituent Senator, it really upsets me that you think I'm that stupid.
Me too! I am sad to lose respect for Grassley. For many years, I trusted and respected him. I feel stupid for it niw
I vaguely recall your "rule for Dems." #StolenSeat
Yah.  I love my new justice.  Co
Don't forget that McConnell stated that he would block any SC nominee if Clinton won
MERRICK. GARLAND.
So, change the rules? Tone deaf.
There isn't. The only remaining question is whether you @GOP whackjobs are amnesiacs or hypocrites ... or just liars.
ALL THREE! But you know he'll just ignore it further. Please  @ChuckGrassley Answer to this. Wasn't that long ago.
You're right, there can't be. And Garland means you get opposition now.
Lying liar.
Wow what an audacious tweet!! Do you hear yourself sir??
nice job holding the seat for  14 months.  You and your grandson are done in politics you are not an Iowan.
What about the multiple investigations of POTUS for possible treason? That makes him qualified to submit a judge? Not Obama?
No pres should seat a SCOTUS judge during the last year of his term 
Eh, when there's enough judges close to retiring, having *some* semblance of stability in to an upcoming election is fine.
Plus, a lot of things previous Presidents do has a carryover effect for at least a few months to years into next Presidency.
Agreed. SCOTUS is life long though. IMO , no judge sb approved until the TeumpRussia investigation is complete
If Trump didn't collude, his name will be cleared and the nomination can move forward. If aspects of the investigation wind up in front of
SCOTUS, he shouldn't get a chance to stack the deck
That is true - though I would phrase this as "Better last year appointment than first year appointment."
A bit wanting in self-awareness.

"O, what may man within him hide, / Though angel on the outward side!” 
--Shakespeare
What kind of moron thinks Gorsuch is acceptable much less "exceptional?"
Demanding drug testing for Grassley.
Does the name Merrick Garland ring any bells for you? We don't want a pro-biz judge chosen by the Heritage Foundation.
or any fucking caucus club or cocktail party what happened to a two party country with left tight and moderate
Bullcrap. And you know better (tho your followers don't). How about having a vote on Merrick Garland? Or did you forget?
He is losing voters in Iowa, but I don't think he cares at his age
The Democrats would filibuster Jesus Christ.
I would hope so. He has no relevant experience, and he's not even an American! (Also dead, if not apocryphal.)
Also, He lives. The grave couldn't hold Him.
The seat isn't the GOP's to fill, it was Obama's. So no, no GOP nominee will be acceptable.
If your party hadn't blocked Merrick Garland from getting a hearing for a full year, you'd have any room at all to complain.
C'mon Chuck.  This is retribution.  You'll use it as justification in 5 or 9 yrs.  Or your replacement will.
You know damn well that you are literally the one that blocked Merrick Garland
Merrill Garland
Merrick Garland.
Here's a rule.... NO Supreme Court nominations for president under FBI investigation for collusion with foreign enemies!
We'll gladly apply this standard to both parties! #RepublicanTraitors
And after Trump's impeachment and/or loss of the Senate or House to Dems in midterms, the tables will turn.
too late, gop got a hearing
Garland. GarlandGarlandGarlandGarlandGarland
Garland
Merrick Garland, you corn-fed hillrod.
MERRICK GARLAND
GOP using nuclear option with dishonorable, dishonest Trump in White House will prove you're all ready to blow up our country.
Uhh...what's the rule on ignoring Merrick Garland nomination?
Merrick Garland!
Vote on Garland. Freak unplanned departures from scotus is how the court normally swings a diff direction... And I'm not talking about Trump
OH THE IRONY OF YOU SAYING THAT!!!!! 
U tweet like your neglect last year to do your job under Obama never happened or like Obama never existed, seems damn near Racist  #Garland
orrrrrrr he's not exceptional...
There is no case for the "unmasking" it's all legal just another one of the corrupt GOP's look this way distractions from RUSSIA & #TREASON
remember Merrick Garland, no hearing. stonewalled by @GOP
Garland Garland Garland
#voteout @ChuckGrassley should have thought about this when u allowed @SenateMajLdr to pull his bullshit over Garland
You're kidding, right. You wouldn't even give Garland a hearing.  We've been without 9 justices for over a year. And it's your fault
When you denied a sitting President his right under the Constitution you ceded the moral ground.
The GOP started this train rolling down that particular track.  Exceptional Judge Garland would agree with me I am sure.  @JohnFugelsang
"A pres. shouldn't get to choose a SCOTUS in last year of a presidency;" "Can't be 1 rule for musty old GOP and 1 rule for Dems." MustyChuck
Really???? Two words....Merrick Garland. You stole this seat and we won't let you forget! @SenWarren @BernieSanders
Umm Merrick Garland???  LOL  Fking hypocrite.
No it can't be, but you are trying to change the rules, so look in the mirror..
GOP refusal to convene hearing for Garland means Dem nominee still on the table. Which rulebook are we using?
Merrick Garland
You started this whole thing with your one man filibuster of Garland, so stop the I care about Supreme Court. You don't.
GOP refusal to give hearing to Garland means they are willing to break every rule to get their way.
Did you just conveniently forget what you did to Merrick Garland? @SenateGOP
Be serious. Time for you GOP whiners to man up and take responsibility for your party's laziness and corruption re: Garland.
Merrick. Garland. 
If it were same rules for both, Gorsuch would never have had a hearing.
Recall Trump has filed for reelection so the next presidential campaign is underway!
Really, Senator? Your hypocrisy is stunning. It sucks for the Senate, but y'all should have at least given MG a fair hearing.
Appointment of judge by prez under investigation for collusion with Russia is frightening. Now if only you did your job last year...
Look, when did you give up your soul? You KNOW you blocked Garland & now pretend this is new? All you've done is show U have no integrity.
Let's figure this out... no nuclear option...ask for something else besides Gorsuch... @SenateGOP @SenateDems
Yes! And they can start by not using the extremist The Federalist Society for their vetting process.
stick "family" on it and it won't smell quite so much like cow shit
Is your memory really that bad? You started this nonsense when your party didn't even give Merrick Garland a hearing.
Well if it isn't the pot calling the kettle black. Not so fun when you are on the other side is it?
Merrick Garland?
How about you hold hearings and a vote for Merrick Garland first? You can stop obstructing at any time....
Yep, #GarlandGoesFirst or it's a #StolenSeat.
Ok for GOP to block President Obama nominee on grounds he didn't align with GOP CORPORATE bought ideology? GOP DEFINE hypocrisy! #GREED
I had no idea asses could talk, let alone type!
What rule did you apply to Garland?
You literally turned down Obama's nominee you piece of actual garbage

Chuck, you should have done your job this past year. Are you sure you're from Iowa? Confirm Garland 1st.
After hearings, we learned nothing. All we know is he's sure to overturn Roe v Wade. I would vote no, too!
We here in Iowa deserve a Senator who uses logic to make arguments and has a memory longer than 5 minutes.
Probably should have considered all ramifications of refusing to meet responsibilities with Obama's legitimate nomination of Judge Garland.
You best think LONG & HARD ABOUT CHANGING THE SENATE RULES!  Enoking the Nuclear Rule is a SLAP IN THE FACE TO OUR FOUNDING FATHERS!
There wasn't until Mitch McConnell decided he should obstruct everything including Garland, then, yes there were two sets of rules.
Gorsuch will be the most out of the mainstream judge on the SC INCLUDING Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito.
Not sure how you can even write that with a straight face. I guess selling your soul precludes self awareness & recognition of hypocrisy.
Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland.
Hypocrite!  Republicans just suck!
Garland
Garland
Garland
Garland
Garland
Garland
Garland
Garland
Garland
Garland
Garland
Garland
Garland
Garland
Garland
Garland
Garland
Isn't that the rule you used for Garland? You're a hypocrite.
Your HYPOCRISY is mind blowing. #TeapubliCONTrash
You spent 8 years destroying the workings of government. Now OWN it!
didn't you create a new rule when you let a supreme court nomination stall for over a year?
Merrick. Garland. Please explain current position w/ your approach towards Garland & 70+ other Obama judge appointees you refused to confirm
So - no votes ever?  Can't be 1 rule for the GOP and one for the Dems
merrick garland. But keep pretending he never existed
You win Hypocrite of the Century with this tweet.
You can't possibly believe you're in the right on this. #MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland.
Are you serious?  We were all around LAST YEAR.
Really? What a hypocrite. We haven't forgotten.
Wait, didn't you refuse to even vote on a sitting President's SCOTUS nomination? Shame on you @ChuckGrassley
Absolutely!! Obstruct!! GOP mantra..Dem are fast learners. Until GOP learns how to play fair. Obstruct, obstruct, obstruct.
You’re a hypocrite, sir, and an EMBARRASSMENT to our country — Republicans are turning a blind eye to THEIR TRAITOR in the WH. Sickening.
OMG, can't you hear your own hypocrisy??  Merrick Garland??  You never even gave him a vote
What were you saying?
If you hadn't denied Merrick Garland so much as a hearing, you wouldn't have this problem, you pusillanimous pusbucket.
WTF about Merrick Garland you hypocrite!
But you held a hearing for Gorsuch and not for Garland . . one rule for Dems and one rule for GOP.  Remember?  You made up THAT rule.
Guess you should have thought about that when Garland was the nominee.
Can you say Merrick Garland or is your memory gone?
What would you call the GOP refusal to hold a hearing for Merrick Garland (other than hypocrisy)?
Sir u r currently only following 1 rule & thats party b4 all else U r staining ur career by following this WH Ever met a man named #Garland
Then explain why you refused to hold even a hearing for Merrick Garland. We'll wait. #holdthefloor
Merrick. Garland.
Merrick Garland is the only real nomination
Shush now. Your lack of honesty is showing. Try to act more like someone who cares about destroying an institution to get what you want.
You're an embarrassment to your state and country.
Merrick. Garland.
there should be on confirmation for a "President's" last year in office.
Remember Mr. Garland??
Gorsuch is the wrong man for this seat. Trump is under investigation. His judgment is suspect. Are you a traitor Chuck?
#TheResistance
Merrick Garland.  Merrick Garland.  Merrick Garland.  Merrick Garland.  Merrick Garland.  Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland.  Merrick Garland
You have no one to blame but yourself for this one.
Rule 1: Vote on Merrick Garland. You're right, there is no 2nd rule. #SCOTUSnominee #Garland #GorsuchHearing
this is coming out of the mouth of the man who refused hearings for Garland,your such a hipocrite Grassley!  can't wait til yr out of office
I'm your constituent & you're purposely forgetting what was said last year & what was said if HRC would've won.
Merrick Garland?
you really think we’re that stupid? Or are you just that craven and cynical? You never gave Garland a hearing. What nerve.
It's the same "rule" you supported.
Where were you last year with Obama's nominee? Your hypocrisy is showing.
We agree! You guys wouldn't hear Garland, our guys won't hear Gorsuch. Done and done.
Noticed you aren't getting any support Mr. Grassley. Too bad you didn't do your job when you had the chance. You own this chaos.
SAYS THE GUY WHOSE PARTY CREATED ONE RULE FOR MERRICK GARLAND AND A NEW RULE FOR GORSUCH. HYPOCRITES!!!!
Gorusch is a terrible SCOTUS pick with his record of ruling against women and workers.
The name Merrick Garland ring a bell?
Merrick Garland.
How do you look yourself in the mirror, hypocrite? Your family must be so embarrassed.
