Hi, Chuck.  Iowa here.  Please defend the Dreamers.  It's what this country stand for.  #DefendDACA
Move to another state, Janelle! DACA wasn't a law, just an Obama decree.
Iowa needs and benefits from its immigrants. They deserve to stay, especially those brought as children. If you don't like it, YOU move.
Surely @jhmutch49, your "Christian" attitude lays you bare.  You must live in the Northwest corner.  #GoAwayRacists
Nope, south central & I am a Christian.  Just tell it like it is.
"I want children to be punished because their desperate parents were lured here to be cheap, exploitable labor", states 'Christian'.
Are you going to make Don Jr hearing PUBLIC? We the PEOPLE DESERVE TO KNOW THE TRUTH. WHAT R U TRYING TO HIDE, OLD MAN?
Also, if u were all so concerned, y'all should've cut ur break short, but no, right?
Oh. like you couldn't have come back early? How many ppl get a 5 week vaca every year?
At least Chuck works when he's home!
Just don't let Trump bribe you. Listen to John McCain. He could use an ally right now. You know he's right. Stand with him for Iowa & truth.
Do not listen to McCain. He's a traitor to republicans and veterans
Shame on you Becky. Shame.
Abandoning the GOP is pretty much the opposite of betraying veterans.

Grassley refuses to comment about his phone call with Trump, won't say if it was appropriate for president to call him amid investigation
Did u ask john mccain how he was involved getting Russian dossier and giving it to Comey ?
Git 'er done!
@TheJusticeDept @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @SenatorBurr 

DACAs were NOT vetted or background 
Please remember you are the public voice of your Iowa constituents, not Corporate America or the GOP.

@TheJusticeDept @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @SenatorBurr 

How much more evidence do you need!?
Please don't forget about Trump Russia investigations.  We are all waiting for GOP to begin impeachment proceedings.
Working to end the American Dream for kids. It maybe legal, but it’s not moral.
GOP can't seem 2 come together long enough 2 fight their way out of a paper sack. POTUS correct to move forward. Do Ur job!
How about you do work to #protectDACA
Senator, why did you postpone today's hearing on immigration? There's a lot to talk about. @ChuckGrassley
How about Fusion testimony?  Do we have a traitor in the White House Chuck?  Where is your loyalty?  You must act.
@TheJusticeDept @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @SenatorBurr 

There is NO RUSSIA! BUT there is Comey, Obama, Lynch Cover UP!
Grow a spine and #DefendDREAMers 
Iowa doesn't need a Trump lackey. We demand compassionate, moral leaders.
Make them get it done=TACK ON MORE WORKING DAYS=IMPORTANT TO WORKING AMERICAN FAMILIES & SUCCESS OF R COUNTRY.
Well, it would be nice to see Congress do something positive for a change!
Let's get stuff done! Tax relief, the wall, repeal Obama care. People are fed up with Senate not getting bills from house worked on.
Please take care of the DACA kids.  What President Trump is proposing to do is unconscionable.  #DefendDACA
DACA "kids" r educated, have job & should be able to apply 4 LEGAL naturalization on their own.
POTUS is threatening to DEPORT them.  That means they lose their job and are sent to a country they don't know.  It's pure evil.
Do u put any effort, spend any time, or tweet about inner city kids who are citizens?!? Instead of tweeting go volunteer 2 help them. I have
Don't fucking virtue signal me!  I have immense capacity to care about more than one group of people at a time.  TODAY is important for DACA
Did we upset u?  Calm down.  They can always apply for legal naturalization like all other legal US immigrants for the past few hundred yrs.
Deporting children who have no criminal records and know no other country than this one - after Trump promised them "heart" - upsets me.
The real question is-why doesn't it upset you?  How cruel, heartless and unChristian does someone have to be to see that and say -good idea!
Back in session? You are out for another 11 days! Nice support for our President and the 63 million legal Americans counting on you!
@TheJusticeDept @FBI OfficeGovEthics 
Trump Jr admitted to soliciting info about a political opponent from a foreign govt. Thats a crime.
I suppose your list looks like 1) support racist president.  2) deport 6 year old kids 3) Leave country worse than how I found it.
please keep working hard for us Sir, we need you.
Try reducing spending versus raising the debt ceiling some of us will be around for 20 years or more
What about the young people in our workforce and military who will be affected by #DACA? Will you stand up to Trump?
#DefendDACA  Iowa is watching. Will you still have a job next election or will you be #enjoyingretirement
How about that Judiciary Committee hearing on the #Lyme cryme? #DrainTheCDC
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
#MerrickGarland
Has your GOP pervert in chief resigned yet? Investigate Russia Investigate Russia Investigate Russia Investigate Russia Investigate Russia!
Damn it Chuck - DACA was a temp Obama fix & u know it.  Call out Trump for going over congress' heads many, many times & quit supporting him
Yes,how about the dreamers?
Had you done your job and not been bought and paid for we would not be facing so many issues. #DefendDACA  #FixACA #DoYourJob #ImpeachTrump
In addition to enacting pres agenda pls dont let criminal invest into comey awan and hrc lapse. America is justice for all not 2 tiers
Get rid of the thigs in the WH, or did you make a secret deal with trump. We are watching how you obstruct the investigation.
You did not have to take a month long vacation
Well, you can count on Dems to fund gov't AND to help disaster victims. Can't say as much about your party, tho.
DACA...DO YOUR JOBS!
Let Us get Rid of Putin's backed Puppet FIRST CHOP CHOP @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @sensasse @SenateMajLdr #ImpeachTrump
Don't forget the DACA kids.  They exist because you didn't do your job the first time around
They aren't KIDS ... they are adults.
If you all think @ChuckGrassley will push for legislation to save DACA, remember his NAY vote on S.744 on June 27, 2013.  He doesn't care!
Good luck-aren't you scared of what's going to happen to all the DACA people? 45 needs to leave them alone-heard ch8 news IOWA wants that to
Save Dreamers

Kick out dreamers... pollute streams... tax breaks for wealthy... phew!
You're kissing Trumps a,,  Stand up an act like a man who thinks of other people than themselves.
Save #DACA please!!!
You gonna release the Fusion GPS testimony?
Cheep talk. Tea Party charter member. Undying allegiance to the leader, II Trump!
Thoughts on how recinding DACA is going to effect your state senator?
Make sure Texas pays its fair share. We know how they felt about Sandy victims.
Save those who deserve to stay in their home by protecting DACA. No wall. Protect ACA. Fight for the transgender in the military.
Always thought you were better than the GOP of today.  I don't think Trump is what you want for your legacy. Please rediscover your morality
Call Comey, ask him if he'd like to change his testimony.
DACA must be addressed. Save America from the loser @realDonaldTrump.
DACA!  Leave those kids alone!  Tax cuts for wealthy-no! ACA fix and improve!
Protect DACA!
There are zero economic/security/moral reasons to end it!
But do NOT vote for Clovis.  Find an expert, as required BY LAW.
DON'T be blackmailed by Trump! Iowa is paying attention
He don't give 2 fucks. He's retiring in 2018.
Do your damn job and stop Trump from destroying our country!!!!
Protect DACA.  Have courage to do your job!
Tax reform!!! Please!!
Oregon needs help, too! The fires are out of control and the Portland area is suffering with extreme air pollution.
Saved Daca and not deport people that have only known this country as their home. That would be a start.
Go get 'em Senators
Trump/GOP looking to get rid of 800,000 non-whites in their quest to make America white again....can GOP be impeached?
do something about protecting the dreamers and get out from under the mad king you or will never be able to show your face anywhere #DACA
Green cards to DACA; CSR Stabilization; raise debt limit; Russian investigation; 2018 hacking of elections.....
You'd better take funds from the military budget line to help Harvey victims
Its about TIME! TAXES TAXES TAXES!
Make sure relief bill for Harvey is a stand alone bill
Thank you! Only funding for Harvey, nothing else! Please don't pull another Sandy boondoggle! Remember 2018 primaries! MAGA !
How about passing clean bills with no add-ons and don't play any political games
1-debt ceiling
2-DACA bill
3-Harvey funding
4-Flood Ins
5-Obama Building Requirements
6-Budget -no wall funding
7-Immigration reform laws
8-Impeach DJT & Pence for Lying to Americans-obstruction
Why don't we stop these from doing so much damage instead of building them up? Just asking cause look here http://www.google.sr/patents/WO2006085830A1?cl=en …
Leave this right here.
I'm not hopeful that anything will get done. Whatever you do it's not going to help the average American
Don't you forget about #DACA !!  Taking names here..elections are coming soon....
You are proven criminal Traitor to USA Fraud Chuck Grassley,NETFLIX $60B Fraud loot racket Whistleblower screams
Good luck Chuck. Don't let Trump's ethanol bullshit cloud your ethics or your judgement.
You are proven criminal Traitor to USA Fraud Chuck Grassley,NETFLIX $60B Fraud loot racket Whistleblower screams
1. Run interference for Trump; 2. Screw American people; 3. Tax Cuts; 4. Crony Capitalism; 5. Lie; 6. Blame Others; 7 Divide people #Hack
Show humanity Sen. Grassley.  #saveDACA
Americans would be more generous with Harvey $ IF Texans themselves showed more compassion for #DREAMERS
Fraud and traitor is Chuck Grassley gang at judiciary committee. Turned DOJ/FBI/into fraud gangsters to loot 99%
Don't forget investigate & recommend a special investigation into Comey/Clinton/Rice/Lynch and fire @SpeakerRyan & @SenMajLdr , a lot to do
The truth & proof that NO ONE is above the laws of this nation...not elected officials, not government stooges, not the FBI/DOJ, NO ONE.
Yada yada. The proof will be in the pudding.
Fraud and traitor is Chuck Grassley gang at judiciary committee. Turned DOJ/FBI/into fraud gangsters to loot 99%
Transcripts
The most important job to get done!
hope Mueller questions you ASAP.
continuing the Trump/Russia investigation should be priority as well.
go back on vacation none of u have done your jobs.

