No I haven't. Have you thought to #ImpeachTrumpNow ?
Lock up Hillary & ubama 1st for multiple crimes...give DJT 8 yrs then we'll talk.
What crimes?
You better start doing your job for real and not just for show in investigating Trump.  Your corruption is showing.
Deal with him. You better do your job and you better follow the goddamn law because we are all sick of this
#Senate does nothing but keep the #DeepState running. Nothing they do is in the best interest of the American citizens.
DO IT = YOU KNOW THE ROPES & WE DON'T=WE JUST KNOW IT IS NOT RIGHT WHAT CONGRESS IS NOT DOING FOR HARD WORKING AMERICANS=GO 4 IT.
Don't get taken by the trumps. We're watching you. Trump, his family and klan need to go
https://amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/aug/30/trump-tower-russia-meeting-chuck-grassley …
Why not have open hearings? Doesn't the American public need to see a person who works with Russians testify? Or no, we don't deserve it?
How about those Dossier transcripts.
I was told decades ago your staff is really your brain sooooooo. Go sit down Senator. You are an embarrassment.
Hopefully, Mueller will start a little looky-loo into your behavior with Trump.
We are watching. Just an FYI.
A day after Grassley says Don Jr will testify for House Judiciary, Trump calls Grassley to promise him favorable ethanol legislation. GRAFT.
Don't forget the vote on releasing the transcripts of the 10-hour testimony on Steele Dossier! WE WON'T FORGET!!!!
Tax payers have the right to see the testimony on steel dossisier
No but I'm thinking Trump's promise to support ethanol/biofuel to u was a bribe before Don Jr interview with your committee
Wht the fck r u tlking about?

You're a senior Republican. Don't tell us, tell them.
Scared to see the people who voted for the Russia Traitor
Senate hasn't done much - - Period! during the past 2.5 years.
Hey Chuck.  What's Merrick Garland up these days?  Any further convo's with Trump regarding him trying to buy you off?
I see u got a call from @realDonaldTrump the day before his son testifies before your committee. @ChuckGrassley we're all watching, sir.
Who are you addressing this to? The Man in the Moon? 

Earth to Grassley. 
Earth to Grassley. 

Ethanol/Junior quid pro quo
So did Trump ask you to squash the investigation during your phone call?

Ya know, the same as he did McConnell & Corker!
How about the threats to Lisa Murkowski. During the healthcare debacle ? This his how a thug operates
Seems like you have time for extracurricular activities like filling in for Nunes by disseminating fraudulent docs for 45. You're a disgrace

Donald Trump has an ethanol deal for Chuck Grassley, who will be speaking with Donald Trump Jr. soon http://ow.ly/dvFo30eOYnD 
Chuck you know that there isn't much thinking going on. You are Trumpworld where everything is a lie or a comment about dear leader.
This is happening, chuck, .@speakerryan, .@SenateMajLdr .@GOP
All eyes are on you mr. Grassley with Donald Trump jr. Now that you had this phone call with his father. You better not have God damn cut a
.@ChuckGrassley No, but I have begun to think you might be exhibiting signs of dementia. Time to retire, maybe?
#doyourjob or quit I have voted for you a lot through the years but not last time , never more disappointed and ashamed of an Iowan than you
Totally agree and I was the same.
Why not tweet this to the @SenateMajLdr?
Senator, it's time to seek out opinions of people you trust as to your mental fitness to serve.
Seriously you call that work. It's time for you to get a real job
Need to Work, Get Something Done,Mr. Trump Won,So we EXPECT Congress to do the Will of the People Period !! Everyone Go Back To Work!!!
8 years and you have not worked why is now different#oh yes Russia
Its better off if the Senate just does nothing.
What are you hiding about Russia?
Don't let Trump bribe you with ethanol promises. Waiting to see how much integrity you have. Thought maybe you had some for a MInute only.
Don’t support cutting disaster relief funding to pay for a border wall. #floodrelief
All Amer Eyes on you toi see if TRump just paid you off to leave Jr. Alone. Rapidly going thru ALL SOCIAL MEDIA NOW! How end career in shame
Sketchy.
Dear Senator, Please don't let Trump's, hollow pledges. influence you. We are watching very closely, sir.
Anyone Supporting the Nazi Trump should Not call themselves American My Dad got a Silver Star Killing Nazis! Have you Forgotten WW2? Shame!
LETS GO>>>> TAXES TAXES TAXES TAXES @GOP @SENATEGOP #MAGA
I hope this ethanol business doesn't influence you investigation in to Trump.

Vote Corrupt Republicans OUT OF OFFICE! November 2018!  Get out and VOTE!
Check out @TheDailyShows Tweet:
How can one person lie so big? http://on.cc.com/2wimLXz  
All you Republicans are dirtier than the worst criminal on the street because you do it on a much larger scale!
Is Everyone in Washington dirty!? Seems you ALL have a price! You can ALL can be bought!
What deal have you struck with #CorruptTrump on his son's investigation!? Isnt there 1 single Honest Republican in Washington!?
Well shit don't tell twitter go talk to Senate leadership. I thought you knew how this whole US Senate thing worked.
So, are you going to throw softballs to Jr. in exchange for Trump's 'supposed' support of ethanol?
The vote is no!!!!!
This is a defining moment for you. You can choose honor and integrity, or be sucked into the mud by Trump. Your choice.
Hey by the way have you thght of this?
we are watching you....
Trump calls senator investigating his son’s Russia contacts about ...
#CorruptChuck
Here's what the world is thinking about:  "Trump makes policy pledge to senator investigating son's Russia meeting" #Corrupt
Awhh bless your heart. You really should refuse the koolaid unless you want to share a prison cell with President cheeto.
You talkin' ta me?  YOU talkin' ta ME?
uR A NiT WiT
Do you have big plans that you want to cancel?  You keep bringing this up.

Counterpoint: republicans are incapable of governing, so does it really matter where they do nothing?
I've come to the collusion
that you've been trying to sway this investigation here and there...Why?
For corn?  Why else....?
Hey, btw...how many times has lying45 called you in the past 7 months??? How many calls to you since lying-jr has been called to testify???
Are you an American patriot, senator? Russia has infiltrated our electoral system. President is clearly mentally unstable.
Hey by the way what did idiot promise you to go easy on his crooked spawn?
Trump calls Grassley about ethanol ahead of son's meeting with Judiciary Committee http://bit.ly/2vFSbUK 
We get it, Chuck. For every "but Hillary" you vomit out, do you get for your reelection campaign?
just Trump's cuck biggest fed welfare program ethanol rip off USA  closed hearing softball Don Jr, do you get a reach around too?
Hey, by the way have you thought of this? Thousands of people in eastern Texas have lost everything, score lost their lives.
Gimme “traitor” for a fiver.
We believe you that it was only about ethanol LOL
Yes then we know all r putting ppl first
Chuck, you're an old man. Time to leave the Senate..., don't you think?

Come on Grassley, this sick
But you can buy #Grassley
GOP lawmaker to Trump: You can't bully senators, "this isn't 'The Apprentice'" http://hill.cm/LbTqYfr  
https://twitter.com/drdenagrayson/status/903072273502015488 … and if the .@GOP approves this nomination.they don't really care about anything but #taxcuts and party
WHAT

Trump pick to head DOJ criminal divisionBrian Benczkowski represented #Russianbank AlfaBank

…
Still not answered. Why is it all trump associates of a Russian connection? #trumprussia
Really, really Trump called you in regards to ethanol?  Give me a break, will see how the questioning goes with jr.   Very interesting.
So is “ethanol” Trump Jr’s Secret Service code name now?
Take the biofuel money and still screw Trump. You know you want to. You know it's right.  Do it!
By the way-what did you offer Trump in exchange for your ethanol deal? #complicit  #TrumpRussia
https://www.ft.com/content/8c6d9dca-882c-11e7-bf50-e1c239b45787 … we see you !
Chuck, I hope you don't actually draft these tweets.
Hey, by the way, @maddow is on to you too.  You're a traitor as soon as you give Uday (@DonaldJTrumpJr) a pass.  #neverforgetasshole
Yeah, no pressure to be nice to Don Jr.  or anything.
Trumps playing you #DonTheCon
NOW IS TIME for you to learn how to tweet intelligibly. There's no rhyme or reason to what you abbreviate or when. You're an embarrassment.
But we do want to see transcript of Glenn Simpson, Fusion GPS testimony. That should be quick & easy to do. Multitask
WTH. Stop tweeting about it repeatedly and cancel the vacation already. Cancel all congress vacations until budget is balanced.
Congress needs to raise debt ceiling, not shutdown gov't, priority for sure. Taxes & anything else #trumps demands takes back burner.
Ole Chuck been drunk tweeting all day. It's prolly the corn ethanol that does it.
So we're supposed to trust the dude who just tweeted an email via Siri to opine to us on Russian hacking?
I can't see the Senate accomplishing anything with three republicans voting democrat.
Get trump policies passed!!!! Support the President. We will have MAGA candidates to primary out any RINOS. Maga Coalition is coming.
Don't you start.
It's a great idea... honestly you should have  all been back in DC during August.  A lot of faith is lost by the lack of movement on agenda.
Yes! America is frustrated beyond words
At least the 3rd time he's tweeted this out this week. He's lost his mind. #senile
Hahaha! At least!
 Oh My God You Work & more then 2 days a Week! You will make up by taking November & December Off!
Are u gonna fold to Trumps pressure to get your Bio fuel... quid pro quo for not going after Don Jr and his collusion?? Do u have  conones?
WHO ARE YOU TALKING TO, OLD MAN?
Term limits for senators 8 years tops. Not meant for lifetime career
I just wanted to say that I don't agree with your policies, but it's nice to see you talking to constituents and answering questions.
Hey have you thought of this? While you're chatting about ice cream Clinton county is in a massive opioid crisis - planning a visit or nah?
We disown you. Move to Nebraska.
1. WTH are you tweeting about? 2. Who r u tweeting to? 3. Do u need medical assistance?
Well you've definitely been thinking about it all week, because you tweeted similar at least 3 times.
Yes!!! Get to work on @POTUS agenda!! We voted him in, now getvit done!!!!
*get it
Tell Mitch bb
Bartender, cut this man off.
I left the Republican Party after 42 years because of what you and McConell did, I didn't care if he was appointed but he deserved a vote
This feels like a diary entry or something, Chuck.
Why did you not do your job last year and hold meetings and hearings for Garland? It was your job to do that, not doing that was BS
Thanks, Mike. There are too few of you willing to stand up for our democratic principles.
You keep saying that... just get it done

How many times are gong to tweet this?  It's getting scary, Chuck.
Who you talkin to, Chuck?
you will accomplish nothing this fall. Your party is divided. You have a #fascist in the @WhiteHouse . Get a grip
Lol
Is this gibberish from you, or some kind of sophisticated gaslighting from your staff?
His tweets are almost always gibberish. Part of the charm is interpreting what he's saying.
you guys won't do shit whether or not you're on your 5th vacation of the year
This works for me. Do we need to clear this with anyone else, or just call it good and send out a memo to the rest of the team?
How bout you impeach @POTUS start now, why wait til September
Octogenarian senator slam poetry
thanks for reminding me; this is official notice that it is canceled. you have permission to dodge constituents from DC instead of in dist.
I've thought about the suspicious timing of Trump calling you to make policy pledges the day after it's announced you'll be interviewing Jr
So another vacation in October? How do I get one of your jobs ?
OMG, maybe you should just call Mitch McConnell and talk about this so you can stop with all the tweets already.
Not Sept 30? What does that mean?
I had not, thanks.
OMG, this is so weird and I love it.

Are you broken?
This is how Chuck Grassley always tweets.
Lol yeah but he keeps tweeting this.
This is pretty typical for Grassley. I don't know why he tweets like this.
