I can't tell if you love or hate it

Also please start wearing a cape, all senators should wear capes
.@ChuckGrassley you might want to check out @SmithsonianChan
yep! Currently paying a lot of attention to programs on the rise of Hitler and dictatorships.
I have no idea what your tweet is about but could you please be a GOOD MAN and ask Trump to release his tax returns?
And ask what his investigators found in Hawaii
If you don't like good governance turn right now to Grassley's Twitter fe... Oh wait, you're already here. #Hapless #GOP
.@ChuckGrassley If you don't like REPRESENTATIONAL government, turn now to C-SPAN. I'm sure you're all voting on something insane.
turn off the TV. Investigate whether your president has been compromised by Russia before our nation becomes history.
Sen Grassley is just pointing out that the History Chnl doesn't have historical programs anymore. Just an observation. Sheez
Without letting him off the hook for the whole political fiasco going on, I agree with you!
why don't you have a town meeting so we can discuss why your siding with the billionaires instead of the working people...
He has town halls this week. Check out dates & places on his web page
Then @ them you pussy bitch
Go do work. Work for Iowans. Pay for your benefits and retirement yourself.
@PBS? @AmExperiencePBS? When Donald Trump takes down the Corp for Public Broadcasting there'll be NO HISTORY AT ALL, CHUCK!
Do Your Job, Grassley! Country over party. Right now, GOP = Govt of Putin. #impeachtrump #trumprussia #russianredgop #resist
Finally, one thing we can agree on. You've been my Senator for 31 years and it took that long to find it.
@nmeyersohn bet you're not watching Nat Geo. It has facts AND science. What conservatives caller scary thrillers.
Instead of watching TV, here's a novel idea: #DoYourJob
Polk County would love to have you host a public town hall. Its been a long time.
hey Chuck, b4 u declare war on history. Here's an easy to follow chart showing Trump's treacherous link to Russia. Do ur job

.@ChuckGrassley stop watching tv and investigate trump for his Russian ties. or tax returns. or all the constituents you don't listen to.
Events leading up to Bowling Green Massacre?
please remember that 51% of Trump supporters think Bowling Green Massacre is a reason to support #MuslimBan
not to mention, guns-for-grizzlies in schools
.@ChuckGrassley Huh? English, please.
if you like history you better be paying attention in WH because it is not going to be pretty to read back on sir!
Watched Private Violence last night on @worldchannelPTV. Check it out since you gave the mentally ill abusers gun rights.
WTH is that supposed to mean?
say something about MTV Senator!
damn chuck
a lot of butt hurt liberals on here, lol!
not just on here. We used to think we had enough numbers to be complacent but now we are just pissed off.
Branden if you aren't pissed off, you aren't paying enough attention & neither is @ChuckGrassley #priorities
I dislike how you treated Merrick Garland but you are 100 percent right about the Pawn Shop Channel aka @HISTORY
if you turn on the travel channel, you can get actual history
I can't afford cable. Disabled on $904/mnth - still $635/mth below Fed Poverty guidelines. It's hard out here. Thanks allot
History will note that you and your fellow Republican Senators put party before country and stole a Supreme Court seat
Big duh on my old fart part....download the History app.
wtf
Uh . . . What!?
I'd rather stay on the news and watch the Trump lies be detailed and fact checked. #doyourjob
Voters need to know you and Ernst sell out to highest bidder....NRA...so mentally ill can shoot another police officer!
Chuck...your mentally ill gun rights bill...you sold out cheap to NRA, $113,000. Ernst got $3,124,273! Bet she supported it!
Oh Chuckles! Always great with the call back tweets!
Try PBS. Fabulous shows--Oh, but GOP wants to defund Natl Endowment of Arts and PBS/NPR :(
Is it really too much to ask that Trump administration follow the Constitution? If not your job is to check and balance.
please get rid of Trump soon before another disaster like #Yemen. He could do bad things with uranium, Bigly bad. Sad!
Senator, you need to @ them. @HISTORY
The Only way You will make the History Channel  will be the Senator  Who Did Not Do His Job!  The Nobody from Iowa!
The political hack from Iowa! Does what his Bosses Want him to do!
American pickers is on.. do you not like the show?
@JIBarajas @joel111121 @OzilEyesJunior tag everyone u know this is perfect
Thanks, but I'd rather read Sunday's @DMRegister and keep up on things happening in Iowa now as the @GOP sells out our state.
when you want your entertainment to be fact, and your news to be fiction. God bless the USA
You are canceling PBS. Old men should not be in charge of anything
Watching a great show about Cleopatra on PBS right now.  #supportpublictv
how about you remember your own state's history.. 11-1-91. Have you no decency, Sir?
Since TV is bad, why don't you take the time to investigate Trump ties to Russia.
Historically passing gun laws for the mentally ill? Incredible! Will sue you first at next killing of police officers!
What a mess Obama left! He left the White House in the tiny hands of a compulsive liar.  Let's see his tax returns!
That's right lit continue to make the historical mistakes: ignore/turn away when someone disagrees with you.
OR riot in the street or do what's ever 'necessary' to force/coerce Trump supporters to change their minds, right?
so glad you and Joni will be in Central City for a town hall next!! What time was it again?
 You should be worrying about re election not cable tv...
instead of watching TV,  better yet why don't you disclose your schedule of your 99 county tour ?
if you want to be on the wrong part of HISTORY do just like Chuck and be a enabler of a coup, party before country
If you don't like news turn now to FOX NEWS
this is embarrassing for all Iowans.
I see you like history. History will not be kind since you are throwing away 40 years of your reputation on siding w/ Trump.
History wont be to kind to morons who voted for his predecessor who won solely because of his race
I feel bad for your kids and grandkids. You ruined their financial futures by voting for high spending obama.
They would be struggling to payback the money borrowed from china.  Your generation ruined them so bad. lol
And Chachi's personal War on The History Channel continues...
Hitler Documentary on?
YOU SUCK.
Never gets old.
I like the history of 1974 & an impeached president
that's not history.
your #POTUS is a Russian dupe. What are you doing about it?  #history will remember.
ummm....what????
What's the name of the program? American Pickers is on by me.
that's it, they are from Iowa so CG is giving them some publicity
too busy trying to see if the @republicans @realDonaldTrump and #Putin are going to blow us up
Maybe you could spend less time watching TV & more time listening to your constituents...
#NoOnDevos
the guys on "American Pickers" are from Iowa. And Republicans. Possibly donors?
Peak Chuck Grassley!!!
@RaulieGonzo #TheWaronPawnStars
Have something against American Pickers?
That's what's on here also @ChuckGrassley might be good to provide the title of the program.
Merrick Garland likes history
Okay Grandpa, time to get off the computer and have your nap now.
with unprecedented levels of banter
I don't have cable, so what is on now?   Or what is your point...
I seriously see more about cable channels from you and @realDonaldTrump than anyone else.
I am a professional historian, and I find it unwatchable.  I hope that you enjoy it.
