@realDonaldTrump Real transparency is draining the swamp and will be to see what the Republicans do on transparency.
there goes Iowa's education system which used to be pretty darn good. Shame on you.
so how about asking @realDonaldTrump for his tax returns? Until u do that, u have no right to speak of transparency
Turnbull chewed him a new asshole Imagine Trump.up against a Rhode scholarship recipient educated lawyer?
We want Trump's taxes to determine his ties to Russia. I have many ?????s about Prez; you should too.
Glad you recognize the difference between #Refugees and #Immigrants. Can you please teach Trump? or just #ImpeachTrump.
Who gets angry Australia?  The man isn't stable.
$21,000 for a vote, no wonder you don't listen to us. With your spelling and grammer, I'm sure you think she's qualified.
Trump has highest security clearance...why questions?
This country welcomes refugees Senator Grassley. People who support the Constitution already know this
Bob Ray has to be pissed
THIS is the ONLY Administrative action that you choose to tweet about this week? Country before party Senator.
@AmyUpdegraff @ChuckGrassley Not in this GOP 
no tax returns, no divesting of his businesses - you should be ??? that.
oh Chuck at least u were transparent w/ ur pic of Russian dude at "prayer" breakfast? Tax returns! Recording calls w/Putin!
Defending mental PGOTUS questions your mentality. Full investigation into botched, ill-advised, "over-dinner" attack on Yemen
I'm shocked that you would endorse or even support the confirmation of Betsy DeVos..she is not for Iowa. You lost my vote.
Devos is the most unqualified of them all & an uber elite and that's being graciously generous in my estimation
there was talk of using education allocated funds to pay for state water system upgrade. That and cutting funds
But you're fine with his tax docs being kept secret? U should hold your own party even more accountable.
Are you serious? But okay for a foreign power led by a sociopathic autocrat to interfere in our elections?
when will you be in eastern Iowa next? I'd like to ask some questions of the senator who is supposed to represent me
Good question.  Town hall in eastern Iowa?  Def like to ask you questions about DeVos, Russia, ACA... #doyourjob
history will show your vote for DeVoss was a mistake....sold out for 21,000$
Picking fight with Australia and Mexico??? Full mental eval of PGOTUS and Prez Bannon's melodramatic distractions plan.
A PGOTUS who compares our leaders and military to Putin's murderous thugs! How proud you must be! DO SOMETHING!
.@ChuckGrassley how about you just have Drumpf RESIGN ALREADY!? He is a travesty to this country and ruining it for all.
Yes, "secret" agreements with Australia are the top concern right now. #DoYourJob
PS I contacted you about Betsy DeVos being unqualified for Sec of Ed & received some wishy washy nonsense in return #NoVote4U
she donated $ to him so he's going to listen to her over the majority of his constituents. It's disgusting!
well we want a lot of things from Trump too but we aren't getting them, like his tax returns!
I want Trumps' taxes. Notice the plural. If Ivanka is taking a major role in the administration we should get hers too.
Iowans want your county tour public. You are the worst!! #boughtandpaidfor
lol. Like he would dare go to Polk County openly! He knows he is in hot water with all decent Iowans.
I have questions for you! Why didn't you do your job re Garland? And when will you be in Iowa again? Your calendar is empty!
When are you letting the people of Johnson County talk to you?
to bad you didn't work this hard during the Obama administration!! I think you owe us refund on your wages
#UpchuckGrassassley - Holy crap - are you drinking white lightning again?
let's see Trump's tax returns? What about not divesting his business interests? Trump's secret calls with Put in? Stop DeVos
enjoy your last term, which you apparently are doing by ignoring your constituents and selling your for money.
shiny object, shiny object! Can we focus on real issues, senator?
As my senator I implore you to review your words before tweeting.  Not sure what "I want it public TrumpHas??s too" means.
tax returns. Tax returns. Tax returns.
The Only Qualifications DeVos has is How much $  she gives to Republicans!
How Much did You get from DeVos?  How Cheap is your Vote? I know the NRA has Bought your Vote! Is DeVos More or Less?
I want to see Trump's tax returns. Now that's a test of transparency! #TrumpTaxes
Let's do talk about transparency. The education of America's children wasn't yours to sell and it's worth far more than 20k.
.@TaraMcDutch @ChuckGrassley The harm  DeVos  does 2 our schools will spread to our small town economies. We know. We vote. We speak out.
it has to come out - btw, Australian media basically telling a net-pro-Trump version of the call, American media corrupt...
quiet you, your time is past due in politics.
does anybody give a flying f about this? Nope! How about NO on DeVos?  Do your job Senator. #whereschuck
Will you only vote party line from now on? #transparency
How long before you all try to gut the Ethics in Congress again?  #transparency
What are Trump's business dealings and with which companies/countries?  #transparency
Let's see Trump's taxes. #transparency
How many protest emails and calls have you gotten about DeVos? #transparency
Let's see what the Russian involvement in the election really was. #transparency
Devos bought your vote.  Iowa students will be the losers.  Are you proud?
public land devalued, executive orders without any review, bannon on NSC, gag orders for gov. entities...real transparent!
Jesus Chuck you're losing it.
and I want trumps secret taxes public, but we don't always get what we want. Do you honestly stand with this guy?
and your voters want you to dump devos! Come back to sanity! You know she is not qualified.  #usedtovoteforyou
must be why most people wish Obama was still President
That's really all you have 2 say about it? McCain called Aus. 2 apologize rather than bashing 44, the last dignified POTUS.
Your tweets are nearly as incoherent as Trump's. Some punctuation might help.
Defending Alt Right/NeoNazi agenda? Obama is History! This is on you! GOP respects constitution. Act like it!
lots of trolls on your feed.  Don't be fooled, most of us are not with them.
I'm not a troll, I'm a constituent.
I want a government to be proud of. This one is not it.
Real test of transparency would b admitting 21k bought ur vote to nominate @BetsyDeVos
tax returns & intelligence reports required b4 confirming illegitimate POTUS nomination is transparency u should look for
how are our farm kids going to work and commute the distance to a charter school? Say no to DeVos!!
how is a rural state like ours going to afford private schools? Say no to DeVos!!
would you have listened to what Obama had to say anyway?? #DoYourJob #obstructionist #NotIowaNiceChuck
sorry bud, but we aren't worried about what happened in the past anymore... we are worried about our future! #DoYourJob
@lsosis send them to Gitmo
you lost your soul in a deplorable way.  The oath that you swore means nothing more than a debt Donald Trump refuses to pay.
Tax returns first, pal. Then hacking inquiry. THEN you can complain. Also your tweet is incoherent.  Drunk would exp a lot.
wow Senator Grassley. Seems like Iowans are pretty unhappy with you. Are you listening??
I agree  //thanks
I wanted Merrick Garland to get a hearing and Senate vote.  Perhaps we're both SOL. Go take your nap.  You're cranky!
Protesters,Constituents have ? about unfit,unqualified Nominees R's voting in positions.Putting Big Donors AHEAD of our kids.
. Is this your idea of oversight?
@ChuckGrassley Is this your oversight?
Eric TRUMP™ goes on business trip and...
 http://pllqt.it/xCQVjf  
please defend yourself and explain your new beliefs.
Chuck,what happened to your integrity? I used to think you were honest. Now becoming a shill for Trump, not America.  Sad!!!!
Love those comments. Please follow us to show military the dems support them also.
Obama's transparency with Australia is your concern?  What about Trump's taxes and the Russian connections?
Speaking of transparency, why not schedule a town hall so your constituents can tell you about our priorities in person? 1/2
we want you investigated chuck. What was your pay off for stealing scotus seat
NO TO DEVOS
why don't we start withTrumps PROMISED tax returns first! And as an Iowan where is ur transparency on our education?
have some answers with you
you have a lot to answer for here in Iowa chuck. When is your next town hall meeting again chuck. Don't want to miss it
really not happy with you lately chuck
you snuck into central City without telling us chuck. To bad we missed you
when's your next town hall meeting chuck wouldn't want to miss it. Get back to us on this chuck.
now you want transparency? Since when? #obstructionist
you stole scotus seat from Obama. What you got to say about that chuck? Get back to us on this chuck
resist this trump threat on American. Impeach him
blaming anything on Obama cheap shot you got enough people in Iowa not happy with you or trump
what about Putin call we want that chuck
and we want trump taxes
Curious. What will be effect of bank deregulation on TRUMP™ finances? 
You're not really interested in transparency...
the Citizens of Iowa want to help refugees. It's the right thing to do.
obama was never transparent
Why does Trump have questions?  He has clearance and access to an entire department just waiting to explain things to him 
cuc are u ok
make you a deal. Trump's taxes for Obama's agreement.
only an anti-American MB sympathizer would have agreed to take refugees that Australia refuses to take
transparency? how about transparency of @realDonaldTrump's taxes? how about Russia? how about selling your votes huring Iowa?
Your choice to pick THIS is Embarrasing for Iowa...stop already!
Obama is gone. Trump is here. #DoYourJob and provide oversight of executive branch and stop rubber stamping Trump
god Obama never let lose of Bush.
You don't have a secret clearance to read it?  Stunning!
you are a traitor...Russian transparency?
Can you get him to release his tax returns?
exactly it's called transparency and its a two way street not one.
IOWA, We send our trash to DC.   Grassley, Ernst, Young and King.  Time to burn the garbage  
bigger test for state dept. is getting answers about Russian espionage - isn't that more important?
Hillary still did the acts regardless of where the info came from that's why she lost
you know Obama isn't president anymore right?
stop deflecting from the fact that DeVos bought your vote, which calls the integrity of all of your votes into question
they are trying to avoid owning the mess DeVos will be. #IAteacher
I know what they're doing and it's inexcusable
How about declassifying all of 45's secrets? When will you stand up for us? We need you and are getting nothing.
that's a good point. I don't think they realize how much we simply need them 2 make sure D.C. is acting w/sanity
@SenJoniErnst  yes let's talk transparency. Where are Trump's taxes.  How about the Russian connection with the cabinet?
More lies Chuckie. Use to believe what you say, not anymore. Iowans disgusted, you might not be safe here anymore.disgusting!
you gonna pick a fight with australia too chuck? yeesh
Chuck you need to listen to your constituents, or are you bought out just like @SenJoniErnst is? #noDevos
