Ford is building their plants in Mexico, even thou they promised Trump they wouldn't.
I want Ford back too, but claiming that Trump has accomplished these things when he hasn't is a lie.
really? The guy who doesn't even build with American steel and put you out of work gives you hope
check again with Ford buddy.
how many jobs will be lost with all the departmental cuts in 17 federal agencies?
He is NOT a candidate. 30 days in with 3 yrs and 11 months to go.
Where are the jobs in Iowa?
seriously, who the fuck lets this man tweet?!
Noticed environmental damage from ruptured pipelines in Canada?? Very serious! Missouri river, Iowa farmland will be next!
r u having any town hall meetings in the near future? This Iowan and many others would love 2 speak 2 u #CountryB4Party
We're waiting in SW Iowa. come on down
.@ChuckGrassley Intel was a deal done by Obama in 2011. Trump didn't seal that. Ford is expanding, they weren't closing shop & moving.
you know Intel got on TV and said they would not have done the deal if Trump would have not been elected.
so if Trump promised to save $, why do we pay more for his vacation weekends to FL in a month than Obama in a year?
OMG How can you help him lie. #not4IA
According to ford CEO trump has done nothing for them! He paid carrier to keep a few jobs
Are you referring to the jobs he's giving to immigrants at his winery? He could at least hire the ones who are already here!
.@ChuckGrassley What about the JOBS of long-time federal employees who are being routed out because of their political views? #Resist
COWARD
Oh please. Stop clinging to old poisonous industries & make jobs in clean energy & industrial processes. You're short sighted
Pipelines = jobs for 45 days & cost environment endlessly. Not a win at all!
Why have you become a mouthpiece for this evil empire? I had more respect for you. Shame.
Can you spell A-U-T-O-M-A-T-I-O-N ?     How about AI/ML?   Probably better to focus on jobs of tomorrow.  Not of the past
So these offset the 10K jobs cut by Macy's and the federal jobs Trump won't fill? Less bravado, more solutions please.
so he can spend it on running to Florida every weekend? Awesome.
so since Trump is a candidate, (again) you are not going to have a hearing for Gorsuch, right? #hypocrisy
the pipeline is nearly done in IA. land already taken for use by Canada co. Don't see any jobs in IA from this list.
I'm rooting for cancer. Let us know when it starts winning the battle inside you.
- He brings coal mining back- in Siberia digging for Putin. How much is his debt to the Russians? Let's see his tax returns.
Can you please help clarify the President's comments on the #swedenincident ?
What kind of car do you drive? Do you pay for it, or do the taxpayers?
Keep supporting him - when he falls, you fall. You're an embarrassment to Iowa. Career politician.
Ford made no changes to its plans which were in motion before trump- robotics will take those jobs. from the chair of Ford
He also promised 2 release his taxes, and make Mexico pay 4 a wall.
But he had nothing to do w any of these. Intel, eg, years ago. Why do you promote deceit?
Candidate Trump? Did you forget to set your alarm clock again? Obama went on tour right after inauguration. So what?
So you are going "all in" with the buffoon liar.  What a legacy you will have now.  #stoppresidentbannon #ToxicTrump
What are U trying to say? Your tweet is completely indecipherable. I do not understand. Are U babbling gibberish on purpose?
Chuck's tweets. 
#ThingsThatMakeMeGoHmm
fake news! Swamp man.
you're right chuck! Plenty of jobs to be had in cleaning up oil spills! /s
sundowning Chuck?
he's also allowing fracking (environmental danger) Pruitt who YOU voted for to cripple the EPA Jesus weeps
save the US and demand an investigation into #Russia and demand @POTUS #taxreturns. #resist #iaresist
He's flying to Florida every weekend at a huge cost to the American people. For the love of God stop denying and do your job.
Your constituents don't want you to be complicit in undermining democracy! Stop endorsing his lies! Start serving iowa!
Iowans are paying attention and we don't get our information from Fox News. Trump is underwater here. Separate yourself. #duh
Good one Chuck!
Senator,your tweets make no sense. This is not that complicated. Turn over you tweeting to somebody who knows how to do it.
You promised to represent the ppl of Iowa. Yet look at your record.
And this justifies attacking American institutions with flagrant deceit? Stop this fool before the damage is irreversible.
Who is ready for the town halls next week?
just wish he would hold Public town halls where most of us live- Des Moines, Iowa City or Cedar Rapids.
And all the Gun Manufacturing Jobs you created with your Pushing Guns for the Crazy!
Maybe a Crazy can Kill a Grandchild and you may Care! & stop being on the NRA Payroll!
You Drank the Trump Kool-Aid! It will all come down in March when the budget comes out! The Great Depression all Over!
Trump is going to Add a Billion to the deficit with his Vacations Alone!
you never had an interest in the F-35 waste before?
you need to stop while you're ahead. Praising a self absorbed lunatic is not good politics and politics is all you care about
And all That added two Jobs! Oh Good!
$400,000 to fly to Florida? You cant be serious about his money saving.I hope you apologize to American people one day.
Something else he promises is increase tax on trade w/ Mexico, which wld hurt the Agr. state you rep. Such an embarrassment.
Y is GOP n DNC myopic? Not holding my breath for jobs while Wrecking Ball Cabinet n GOP race towards economic collapse.
oh he's a candidate again.... he's that insecure in his position he has to run for president this soon.
Why on earth is he back out on the stump instead of at work ?
how much are those trips to Florida every weekend? Or campaign trips on AF 1? How many Fed jobs cut?
I hope you get dragged down the toilet when this swampy cesspool finally does get drained!
, this pipeline will poison our land and our drinking water. We need clean energy & to move away from fossil fuel.
Between your blocking of Obama's SCOTUS pick and your blind obedience to Trump and your party, you've shown your true colors.
We the People demand an investigation into the Russian ties in this administration.  Do your Job!
I remember when I used to have some respect for you. I believe I even voted for you. I won't be making that mistake again.
not to mention tax-payer funded OT for LE in New York and Florida to cover vacations and 1st Lady who won't live with hubby
Did he save more money than he is spending on his weekend trips?
Promises mean nothing. Con Man makes promises- that's why he's a Con Man
Weekly trips to Florida? You have no soul. You're a puppet for trump and Russia, too. #traitor #YoureMySenatorToo
You and your cohorts are enablers of a president that's bent on dismantling US democracy and plunge the world into turmoil
.@ChuckGrassley Sen Grassley is now a Trump Antenna? Are all these claims true?
Please hold the President accountable for the untruths constantly coming out of his mouth! Else you look complicit/scared.
can somebody translate please.
when impeachment happens, we will publish ever butt kissing misleading tweet you put out. @DMRegister
fake news..Party before country.
I am very worried about the Russian connection. Please make this highest priority! I am a constituent. I'll see you Tuesday.
amazing to see a candidate actually keep his promises.. next election trump will probably win Iowa in a even bigger landslide
but what about reality & all of the treason?What about his assault on the people & environment?You gonna praise him for that?
As he (& Republicans @JohnCornyn) wails "obstruction" @ChuckGrassley 
662 jobs @POTUS hasn't nominated https://twitter.com/billscher/status/832603336713072641 … But, rallies!
696 executive branch positions require Senate confirmation.

For 662, Trump has not yet nominated anyone

…
the pipeline brings 40 jobs. Don't exaggerate.
How about the $$ millions his weekly vacations are costing tax payers? 1st month already more than Obama's 1st year.
#Fraud
so far all talk or already planned. Try again.
he's a Russian puppet.  You're okay with that?
And you believe him! A senator? Looking forward to seeing you again in Iowa
what do you think of the way trump comports himself as the president. How he addresses the press and his claims of fake news
You're aligning yourself with a cheap bully who won't last six months. Reconsider.
And a man who is on track to spend billions for his weekly vacations isn't saving anybody anything.
Dream on.
Intel and Ford happened before Trump. The Pipeline is an ecological disaster rightfully stopped by Obama.
Huh?
He's cost us $10 mil the last 3 wks flying to Fla and back every weekend.
Promises muslim ban, gets muslim ban. Just because some1 says they're going to do something, doesn't mean it should be done.
can you tell us how many permanent jobs will be created by #DAPL in Iowa despite the risk to our land and water? #DoYourJob
retire, please.
telling #alternativefacts
I am an Iowa Rep constituent.  PLEASE do what's right for our country and not just follow the party line.
Senator, since he officially began his 2020 campaign tonight, I assume you are cancelling the Gorsuch hearing?
you know these were in the works long before election. Fraud is rampant in GOP.
you put party over country. The admin is an embarrassment. In the long run, these short term stunts will hurt the country.
A lot of this is going be dependent on tax reform, those jobs may disappear is congress drags it feet too long.
BENGHAZI!!! BENGHAZI!!! BENGHAZI!!!!  BENGHAZI!!!  BENGHAZI!!! BENGHAZI!!!  BENGHAZI!!  MY GOD, WHAT HAPPENED TO BENGHAZI????
How could you! Iowa City 11-1-91: Ann Cleary.. Gang Lu... How could you let us down so?
Iowa is going to lose jobs due to @POTUS trade decisions. No grain sold-no jobs.
When will you do your JOB and call for independent Russia investigation? And ask for tax returns? And support a free press?
And Next week in the real news ... 4 more good things happen.
unfit to serve and an international embarrassment just like you
@RightAsRain7 haters gonna hate Chuck you are all doing a great job #MAGA
our country won't survive a mentally ill president, shame on you
in 2020 so it will come back to bite you. And as long as you've been in government, remember that YOU are the swamp.
didn't he promise Healthcare for all as well during campaign? Chuck your siding with a Russian elected offiicial
save money? so we can pay for his wife & son in NY? his weekly getaways?his sons parties in Dubai?Hes a fraud&youre a flunky
I think we can see you're going to keep your wagon hitched to Tr**p. Your stuck in the mud in case you haven't noticed.
you got your judge after the grandstanding you did during the last year of Obama presidency. Here's hoping Ginsburg retires
He promised a ban!  What happened with that?
#HistoryHasItsEyesOnYou
Shame, shame, shame.
which jobs did he create, exactly? At best he's bribing companies to keep a small no of jobs in US for the short term...
Alternative facts. The voters won't be fooled.
Ford moving ahead with plans for two Mexican plant expansions that will add 3,800 jobs there http://cnn.it/2l3E2xY 
that's misleading. Most of those jobs already planned and the pipeline is far from being started. Stop sucking up to him.
How many jobs will be lost at Lockheed Martin to deliver those F-35 cuts?
what in the everloving hell are you talking about?
explain what all these jobs are. If there's really that much lasting work what will those people be doing in Iowa?
Saving money by flying to Florida every weekend? Trump himself tweeted that it was waste when Obama did it, but now it is ok?
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION!!!!
He actually hasn't done anything. The pipeline is SHORT TERM jobs.
The pipeline that Iowans have protested? The one that service members went to protest?
the pipeline that rich white people didn't want so they rerouted it right by #StandingRock reservation?
Right, it shouldn't be by #StandingRock, and yes, rich white people are certainly doing a number on it
he's as senile as you are
Trump is crazier. 45 can't imagine other people's perspectives at all. Very poor call resulting in disaster #Yemen
