Do NOT distract from dangers of #Trumprussia YOU KNOW there was collusion & an ongoing threat to nation AMERICANS DESERVE BETTER! Shame on U
we know there was collusion between HRC, DNC, and AG- at least in that regard there is proof of law breaking regardless of Intent
There is no doubt HC has issues. No denial here but #TREASON #TrumpRussiaCollusion IS THE UNDENIABLE THREAT TO USA PERIOD! DENY ALL YOU WANT
IF After 8 months &many non trumpers in admin and they still cant find evidence of collusion..sounds trumped up to me, and im not his fan
I am not buying there is NO EVIDENCE. Not a snowballs chance. Too many years too much proof of DT/fam/Assc blowin Russia for personal gain.
"Hides behind"? Or protects classified info. Seems that's about the least you should not like at the moment. Seriously.
@ChuckGrassley - Hi Chuck, as a constituent from IA, how do I get my Sr Senator drug tested?  I suspect he's high.
Damn! 
He's just a loon and we're sick of his GOP shenanigans. Iowans are woke. Our Twitter feeds are strong in the corn fields.
Don't forgot @PatGrassley trying to follow in gramps Russian footsteps. Both are bad for Iowa.
Yes, I've seen that. I'll make an effort to learn more about him, but if @ChuckGrassley is mentoring him, I'm biased against him. #clowns
Comey will be proven a true patriot, and Grassley will soon look the fool. Way to close out your career Chuck!
Grassley was incredibly disingenuous yesterday
He came off a partisan fool. I'll work hard to get him voted out & his protégés are identified. Endorsement by Grassley = career ending.
You should not be surprised.  Look what he did to Hillary!!!!!!!
Wow! I had not seen this.  Disgraceful and embarrassing.  Chuck needs to go!
See this?
Was there any official explanation ever given for Duma Offic Marakov flying in and attending the National Prayer Breakfast? 
#Trumprussia 
Yes, it sucks when people hide behind closed doors instead of doing their jobs. How is Merrick Garland these days?
That is Chuck Grassley with Russians who have ties to Putin and Russia. #TrumpRussia
Schumer is the sellout. https://www.wsj.com/articles/SB121245110938939473 …

Schumer called for removal of antimissile installation to make Russia happy. #collusion
served.  And now 3 nephews, great nephew and neice serving. We did not serve to have America end up an oligarchy.  Not founding fathers idea
Please secure a private meeting to get the info on the assurances Lynch made and to whom that HRC investigation wouldnt go too far!
Comrade Grassley. Thank you for supporting Russian hacking of elections and kleptocracy over democracy. Check is in the mail. Your pal, Vald

Big news of the Comey hearing: He says Russians still involved in American politics. But senators don't ask for further information.
You're behavior was ridiculous yesterday. Also get that mess of a president out of our WH! Stop acting like all of this garbage is normal!!!
Comey knows the laws, won't compromise investigation or himself. I don't look for justice, because only justice for some, not for all in US.
I feel as though you get drunk on cough medicine and then tweet.
If you can't conduct an unbiased hearing,remove yourself.I watched the hearing&your quoting Buzzfeed for IntelInfo was an Iowa embarrassment
Chuck Grassley whining about ethics. 
Hey @ChuckGrassley 
So you want him to blurt out how Russia collided with Trump campaign and describe the Trump ethics violations?  Then you would have to act!!
What about the sex trafficking allegations between Putin and Trump?
Do not give up.  Hold wrongdoers accountable.  Thanks to you for your effort.
Will McCabe be asked about Fusion GPS, McCain, and the dossier when he testifies tomorrow?
Sen Grassley..Thank you for questioning Jim Comey as thoroughly as you did yesterday...good job!!
I don't like that you lied on the record re: "much of the dossier has being proven wrong". The exact opposite is true, with more to come.
Gosh, @ChuckGrassley, Jeff is correct here, you DID lie. Much of the dossier has proven true. You lied, on record, in front of the nation.
I sir don't like ur suck it up and move on statement. No Prez should fire Director heading investigation of Prez

Was there any official explanation ever given for Duma Offic Marakov flying in and attending the National Prayer Breakfast? 
#Trumprussia 
Thank you for your service to our nation. Please stay on this! #AmericansNeedAnswers
I am a Veteran like my father and his four brothers who served in WW2, two of whom did not return.  I have three brothers and sister who
And we don't like your Russian prayer breakfast partners
This?
Was there any official explanation ever given for Duma Offic Marakov flying in and attending the National Prayer Breakfast? 
#Trumprussia 
That. 

Is this another 'privileged' claim?
Keep going Senator Grassley! Millions and millions are behind you!!
Ask him where the word intent is in the statute!
Mr.Grassley,ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY to have NO lifetime  max & No punishment for preexisting.Praying for you all.This is essential
Hearing should have started a long time ago. Don't talk about having a meeting. Get it done
Is there no way to fire Comey ?
Why did you focus on the Steele dossier?  Haven't you heard that most of the allegations have been verified?  Shoot the messenger much?
Steele dossier is legitimate, unlike POTUS.
Who wrote your questions for you?
Get the FACTS on Russia Chuck. The dossier is turning out to be TRUE!  Don't cover up such evil for the party. Tell truth!
Based on your performance today, it's obvious you're trying to thwart the investigation into #TrumpRussia. What are you hiding?
Why didn't Dan Charleston get an interview in his application for U.S. Marshal for IA's Southern District? We need coordinated law enforcemt
Comey thinks he's smarter and wiser than everyone. His arrogance is dangerous.
What the hell is this nonsensical tweet even supposed to mean? Love to know how you feel about the situation. Use 1/2, 2/2 to increase info.
@AmberGirl3 - HRC Uma & Weiner violated statues 18-793E & 18-1924 charge her !!
He knows much more.  Press him hard. He thinks he's clever
Yes.  

He is proving to be more of a Crime MONITOR than an FBI Director.

#clintoncrimefamily #FBI
He should be fired Chuck,Do it before he provides proof Trump is a Rusky puppet old man.
When Trump starts a nuclear war will you be dancing a jig and blaming in on Hillary Clinton?  Time to stop all this obfuscation.
I don't like that you sounded like a hypocrite regarding leaks vs your fake concern for whistleblowers. You're one of the problems, Chuck.
"All enemies, foreign or domestic" are you going to protect the country from yourself, Chuck, or are you going to keep being a traitor?
You think he's going to put it all on the table in a public setting?  Are you nuts?
This thread reads like Deep State threats agst a senator properly seeking oversight
American people don't like it either! Looking like #politicians are above the law. Comey said @FBI investigates, sounds like he's judge too!
I was waiting for you to call a closed session and call Comey's bluff!  You had him and let him squirm away. Shame
@FBI @HouseIntelComm @NancyPelosi There is not an independent counsel at this point in the game. GOP blood on your hands!
old mutt
Go after him, Senator! Get answers for us. Enough of this aiding & abetting crap!  He knows who should have been arrested & charged already
America doesn't like you putting party before country. Just another treason supporting Republican! RECUSE
I don't particularly like that you're more loyal to Russia than your own country. Do they have a #peetape on you too?
@ChuckGrassley is now a full-fledged member of the #trumprussia #trumpgang. @POTUS COLLUSION. TREASON. GRAFT.
Pls stop trying to chg the sub off #Trumprussia.  You know info Comey has, you we're briefed.  Stand for USA over party. Remember yr legacy.
He's a lying criminal and needs to be prosecuted with entire Hillary clan
Good questions but WHY is former AG Lynch not being subpoenaed to testify about her protection of Hillary & guaranteed no charges?
You've been fine with him all along when he benefits your side.  Instead of working for all Iowans and Americans, you have chosen a side. 
Thank you,  Mr. Grassley. The American people appreciate you 
You ever thought about it being classified stupid
Get the answers, the American voters deserve that.
So he can tell you #trumprussia ur boy Shitler is corrupt
Disgusting #abovethelaw
Senator Grassley is doing a great job! Force Comey to spill the beans! President Trump has been harmed because Comey's incompetence. #MAGA
As a Rep, I was disappointed in your questions. Your concern & focus should be Russia meddling. We are the party of liberty not tyranny!
Thank you .I voted for you ,Its going to take a Deep hole to drain that swamp! Keep Digging! Please
If Pence or the pervert in chief try to subvert religious freedom there will be hell to pay!
I suspect this is why you're not getting answers.If only the entire @GOP didn't collude w/Russia..
Yo @ChuckGrassley maybe you are under investigation for collusion with Russia, and that's why you don't get info #Comey #TrumpRussia 
We agree on something Chuck that does not happen often but I agree
Answers about what? What are you pretending not to know? Maybe take an acting class when you're not busy doing nothing.
I believe Hillary's intent is irrelevant. She knowingly and intentionally committed numerous crimes. Still thinks she'll never be caught!
Sounds like you need a closed door meeting to get answers.  For the rest of us, it just seems a very slow investigation.
Maybe he doesn't have the heart to tell you on national TV that you are under investigation as well.
Right after that opening speech where he said he WOULD answer! Thank you for all of your ethical dignified hard work!
Why, so you can charge him with leaking?
Hi why are you such a partisan hack?
I just can't Grassley 2day. U are becoming an embarrassment 4 Iowa & the entire country. U can still do the right thing. #EnoughIsEnough
Seems the important things in Washington operate sluggishly Chuck. Don't know where you get the patience.
Stay on it Senator! Starving for justice. Dem Elites always above the law.
You're a traitor and you are covering trump and all his dirty dealings with Russia. #Trumprussia #TheResistance
Pls do close door and get the answers. It's a must!
Let's get the rotten apples out of office. Let's start with trump and you.
I don't like that it seems you're a #traitor to your country. Stop trying to interfere with the #TrumpRussia investigation or admit guilt.
We will find out the truth eventually.Quit deflecting & protecting and looking for a loophole/ coverup! I cant wait until 2018!!!!!!
why do you act like you don't all ready know there is collusion between Trump & Russia? You seen the same report as Feinstein
don't you think he is following the law and codes of conduct of his office?
I don't like how you aren't taking investigation seriously. You were looking for an out and deferred to Hillary when she is not under invest
.@ChuckGrassley I bet you don't. Scared?  Btw, maliciously implying that FBI/Comey can't be trusted in your tweet hints of #ActiveMeasures.
Do what you have to do!  We are with you.
No Pamela, we're not with him, he's apparently is with the Russians.
Drop the partisan nonsense and protect the American people ahead of the president.  Don't forget - he doesn't stand by anything.
I don't like that you don't do the right thing and hide behind Trump. I hope you go down with him.
Lots of us don't like that you stole a Supreme Court seat, Senator.
I don't like that you continue to distract in trump/Russia investigation. You're mixed up in all this and eventually we'll find the truth.
You seem nervous about that dossier. Read about yourself in the dossier maybe?
I do not like your lack of ethics, curiosity, and integrity. So, your dislike and a nickel gets me where???
More concerned about leakers than what was Leaked...
I don't like that my Senator is more interested in partisan games than in getting at the truth about russian interference. Sad!
History will judge you harshly, Chuck.
YOU GET 140 CHARACTERS!  You can spell out words.
Stop blocking the investigation on trump. Stop lying and diverting. You are hiding your own involvement with Putin
Seriously?  You're more worried abt leak sources than Russian infiltration?
I don't trust him Senator.  I think he is in cahoots with prev Admin.  U do a great job.  Always enjoy watching & listening to u.  Take care
I as a citizen am very relieved to know that ignorance of the law is now a viable excuse! So many laws. Who can keep up?
Senator this was a repeat of his previous deceptions! To say no "evil intent" was present for Hillary's Server or Huma's email is poppycock!
If you are unhappy then demand that 45 declassify and require public disclosure of all Russian-hacking related info. Or propose a bill. No?
I watched the hearing today and I no longer trust the FBI. We need a Grand Jury to investigate this mess in hopes of restoring our trust.
Don't be a dull bulb! Special Prosecutor needed for investigation of #KremlinKlan
The answers are classified. Do you want more LEAKS?
Please do, Senator. You have compelling Q's that need to be answered. > Dossier, Fusion, Steele, FBI payments, etc. Appreciate your work!
Yes soon!!
I don't like that you care more about leaks than Russia destroying our democracy! You tried hard to get him to damage the case..didn't work.
Do you even have any idea how the the US had their hand in Middle East Election. Btr do ur research. It also backfired on them.
Unacceptable that FOIA applicants, let alone media thru leakers, get more info than Senate oversight committee.
The implications of HRC email server mistake is a speck compared to potential implications of Trump-Russia. Horrifying to pretend otherwise.
keep it up chuck!
Mr. Grassley... you talk a lot...
He slurs a lot too.  Like my drunk uncle
Every republican grilled him on criminal sharing of classified info, and you are upset that he didn't publicly share classified info. Cool.
I don't like you abdicating your responsibility to hold a hearing and a vote on Garland.  You're an embarrassment to Iowa.
Let's get to #Fanniegate 8 years of #fraud & #theft of private property is atrocious #maga
http://linkis.com/www.youtube.com/uOQIX …
Sir, I respect your tenure as a legislator the HRC emails are not what we need to know about. "Is our country under seige by the russians?"
I don't like that you were using Wikileaks (a known foreign entity that helped highjack the US election) as a source in question to Comey.
Thank you @ChuckGrassley Keep on him - he is STONEWALLING  -
Time to turn the pressure up and get this mess over with.
History will not be kind to you. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Please read the first reply also.
I am one of your constituents.
So Comey became a judge? I thought law enforcement's job was to file charges, not decide intent? https://twitter.com/christichat/status/859846868204998656 …
Please sir do this and restore my (typical citizen) faith in FBI. Very discouraging to live in banana republic
This is taking way too long. It is why people hate government. You can't get anything done in a timely manner
He's not "hiding" he's being conservative and cautious.  The #TrumpRussia nothingburger will embarass the Dems soon enough.
Well, do you best to US(A) your AUTHORITY and invite him to recuse himself.
that's a hot prison pussy (goatee surrounding soft mouth) you got
