"Hey, thanks CG, in throwing the country under the bus so the party can benefit over the people" #iowavotes
Don't think the new Justice was seeking accolades; were U?
You refused to hold hearings for a year to get your guy in, you owe taxpayers a refund cause you did nothing to earn your check in a year!!
You didn't do it the Iowa way, you did it you parties way..... #sad who do you represent?
Chuck sucks, sets bad image for IA
Did you purr as he stroked your ego?
You are a disappointment to this state.
Well, you did go really far out of your way to steal the seat for him. He should send you a fruit basket or something.
History will laugh at your incompetence Chuck.
Shouldn't a U.S. senator be using proper English?
It's a sad day for Iowa and USA. . We 'get it' that you put your party and person ahead of your country. We won't forget or forgive.
Senator Grassley, You are an Outstanding Leader who makes IOWA PROUD!  GOD BLESS YOU!
Outstanding leader that ignored his oath of office for political money. This Iowan is NOT PROUD! Chuck should be out standing in a field!
You crazy as he'll Chuck  you don't need to be in office
Awe.. did you get $$$ as well
Shame on your behavior. Embarrassing. This shouldn't have happened.
Wondering if you remembered to invite Merrick Garland to the swearing in that should have been for him, but you stole?
Hurry up 2018 so we can get rid vermin like this @GOP
now you sound like Trump.
Don't throw out your shoulder patting yourself on the back.
Gorsuch: "thank you @ChuckGrassley for not doing your job" 
Grassley: (wink, wink) 

#StolenSeat #SCOTUS
I don't believe you can conduct an unbiased investigation into trump Russia, please get an independent investigation going.
I think you don't truly appreciate that Barack Obama was elected to be our president and was authorized to fulfill all the duties of office.
Chuckie, please start using punctuation, correct spelling, and proper grammar. You're a United States Senator, FFS.
Puke! You continue to embarrass Iowa! Shame! #TREASON #resist
#MerrickGarland
Gorsuch will always be the SCOTUS Lance Armstrong and you will always be his steroid pusher. #CheatToWin
You constituents should thank #Putin's Judge too. Now much easier to have you arrested. #FallGuy #OldFool #colluded #complicit #traitor
what did you spend your thirty pieces of silver on?  New Russian flag?
He's thanking you because you stole Merrick Garlands seat & help bring the end of  U.S. Senate. Maybe he'll treat you to Dairy Queen soon.

Resign.
You should be tried and convicted for grand theft of a Supreme Court justice seat! So glad I left the (R) party!!! Good riddance!!!
And we will be sure to thank you all out the door in your next election cycle. You are reading will of the people all wrong. Ur a crook
Wait till the Democrats take over in 2018 Election!
Sure, he was given a job meant for someone else. You should not be proud of this.
I'm sure he's thanking you for holding his seat for him. You're a terrible man, Senator.
I can't believe you manipulated the system in such an un American way-sad beyond belief
Garland
On one hand, you're complicit in eroding the norms that make our democracy possible. On the other, it's nice to be appreciated, I guess.
Garland!! Stolen
Very disappointed.
shame on you and your crony.
Thank you Senator Grassley for having you staff Nathan Peterson call Social Security on my behalf.
Your negligence of duty to consider Chief Judge Garland is a permanent disgrace, Chuck
You illegally pushed through Gorsuch*.  Did not know we get thanked for upending democracy and rules
Not my president! Not my justice! You have violated your Constitutional oath! It is time for you to resign!
Chuck, what do the Russians have on you? Putin plant Garland is all he'll ever be. I may be Iowan, but you sir, are NOT my senator. #shame
Wow even your talk is pretzel twisted. Just like your principles.
Did he thank you for screwing over Garland, you ass?
You have 140 characters. You could easily afford not to abbreviate this one.
Thank you for the thank you... Pretty proud of yourself, eh? 
Jesus chuck.
#Garlandwasbetter #notiowanicechuck
Maybe you should have worried more about whether Iowans would thank you. After all, you were supposed to be representing US. 
#Resign
But the country doesn't thank you for thumbing your nose at Constitution and not voting on Garland. Shameful partisan victory for GOP.
Rich bozo sucks another rich bozo's dong on twitter
Not a proud day for Iowa or the nation.
Thank you for doing your job.  A fine Judge and simply used a rule created by Democrats.  I have learned hate watching them.
thanks for stealing Garland's seat most likely.
Hey Chuck.......what happened to The Great Candidate Pres. Obama nominated? You sure left Him Hanging
First, your grammar on twitter is horrendous.  Second, you cheated to get your justice, how can you be proud of that?  Iowa needs better.
Quid pro quo is nothing to be proud of Chuck. History is watching and it will not like what you did. Nor do your constituents.
the atlanta falcons would like you to retroactively change the rules of the super bowl to ending after 3 quarters
Pursue #trumprussia investigation or your legacy of weakening our democracy is permanently sealed.
If Gorsuch was a true patriot he wld have withdrawn-stating the need for a more moderate nominee. He is partisan & resp. 4 senate demise
Late grandfather, P. Franzenburg, would be disappointed in your inaction re: Garland. Didn't care much for hypocrites. Country over party.
U bet ur sweet ass he should thank u. Ur partisan BS with Garland is the only reason he's in there. But keep patting urself on the back dick
Hate from the losers of the last election. They should be mad at Reid for filibustering judicial nominees. The balance now restored! Great!
You refused to do your job in 2016 by denying Merrill Garland a hearing.  If I refused to do my job,  I would be fired.
well, you were the bag man; the actual thief; McConnell. You have No Shame, Sir; and will Join Joseph McCarthy in the annuls.
SUPREME COURT NOMINEES SHOULDN'T REQUIRE YOUR BLESSING TO HAVE A HEARING. Jesus, Chuck, you need to step down from Judiciary Committee.
Thank you Mr, Grassley for playing partisan politics and blocking the qualified judge Garland so R's could steal this seat. U shld B proud.
we did not hear long overdue sorry to judge Garland.  Too bad to cloud new judge Gorsuch with such poor process. Remember?
You don't deserve it! You USED to be badass, now you just suck! Party before country is all you think about #impeachallrepublicans
Master thief
These are troubling times needing serious leaders. You're a shallow prima donna that is void of the character this moment demands. #Garland
Did he thank you for stealing his seat for him? Destroying the Senant? Both? #SCOTUS #Resist #RemoveGrassley #NoConfidence #PartyOverPeople
Did he give you a good wank too?
Act like you weren't complicit all you want but we know what you did. #MerrickGarland
I hope this justice is ashamed of your use of the written language.
assume democracy dead
Sen. Grassley  Thanks very much for your position ref. Garland and especially Gorsuch.  This appointment is a monumental. Thank you. !!!!
Judging by the unhappy constituents here, I'd say your legacy as a statesman has been irrevocably flushed down the toilet. #MerrickGarland
You obstruct when not in power! You block a vote for SCOTUS, then go nuclear when dems won't play nice, like the GOP has for the last 8.
Yes.  Thanks for permanently harming our democracy.
Stolen Merrick Garland seat!! YOU do not represent justice! #StolenSeat
Thank you for rejecting any semblance of bipartisanship. As we all know, you can't spell collaboration without abortion.
Let me fix that for you, "Thanks Justice Gorsuch for telling everyone how great I am. I need confirmation."
Pathetic.
Thank you for thanking him for thanking you
You stole this seat. Shame on you, and karma too.
Went nuclear. What could go wrong? Adios 2nd Amendment down the road. Whoops.
.@ChuckGrassley Gorsuch will always be noted as 1st @SCOTUS justice confirmed by this questionable rule change. #changingtherulesischeating
Screw you, @ChuckGrassley. You stole his seat for him. Thank you for ruining the integrity of the Senate. #NeverForget #SCOTUS
I would hope so. We're stuck with him thanks to you long after you're dead & gone. You're nothing but a thief now. That legacy is forever
fuck you garbage human.
you are not my senator but I thank you for what you do by putting country over party. Thank you sir.
He's thanking you for a stolen Supreme Court seat. Which shows he has the same amount of character as you...ZERO.
Imagine being proud of such a thing as confirmation of Gorsuch, and in the manner if was done.  You have a low bar for standards.
You guys royally messed up by changing the rules. It will undermine the courts for generations, for short-term political gain. Sad day.
You and entire GOP are lying, selfish and unpatriotic. History will not be kind to you
You're a Crook!!
Pat your hypocrisy and yourself on the back. Iowa is ASHAMED of you.
Thank you Senator for playing into Putin's hands. Destroying America from within is what he wants
I hope this haunts you for years to come.
That would require him to have a conscience, he has his money and power that's all that is important to him.
Just couldn't be more disappointed in you as my Senator. Disrespecting my 2012 vote w/ no Garland vote & nuke option to confirm Gorsuch. 
Iowans are disappointed that you cheated us out of Obama's selection. We won't forget.
Dereliction of duty comes to mind when you open your mouth, and or tweets.
Go play in the street.
Traitor.
Was it just you, or did he thank all the anti-democracy GOP fascists?
Good job, Chuck. Ignore the sore losers. 
Yeah! You handled it so well you had to destroy the probity of the Senate to get it done. Well done there, Charlie!
Yes, Chuck, thanks for helping to end the Senate's legendary status as the world's most deliberative body. Now it's just a smaller House.
Congressional shrinkage!
You are proud of your role in blowing up American institutions,  putting party over country?  SAD!
Congrats on your stolen seat. Justice Gorsuch* will forever be tainted.
Suck up much?
Good lord
Your Corporate paymasters will be very happy with their purchase.
I missed his remarks - did he apologize to Merrick Garland on your behalf?  Since apparently you lack the basic human decency to do so.
Cry me a river.
Remember you have had meeting in scif and russian/trump what side are you on @funder
You're a good dude, Chuck.
Why not? Stolen by the corrupt GOP, funded by dark money ... you are all tied in this together. This is a sad day for America.
The walls are closing in. Dots and lots of dots are connecting, Mr Grassley. And I bet one leads to you! #Trumprussia #iapolitics #resist
