the girls are now fully healed and would love to hear me read a tweet response from their favorite lawman,!
Merrick Garland. This isn't that same world as when you first entered congress 200 years ago. The people are watching.
Same for Garland so what's the difference?
said sounds like your sessions endorsement! remve nunes all GRASSLEY VOTERS/REPUBLC. JUSTICE IS TRUTH/ continue publc.
huh. I don't recall any hearings for Merrick Garland. #GFY
Well then let's put Merrick in that seat since it should have been his.
so was Garland
As was Merrick Garland you hypocrite.
Just admit it. The Rs stole the seat to install their stooge.
How is it political to vote 'no' when the body of his judgements don't support your vow to uphold the constitution?
So was Garland. Sucks to have it thrown back in your face.
#NotHisTurn
They say that Chuck use to be more reasoned before he became a partisan automaton.
Sorry Senator, but if you believe that you're full of it! #MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland.
Ever heard of a guy named Merrick Garland? Good lord, man.
Replace "Gorsuch" with "Garland" in that tweet, Senator. Now what?
If u r voting on qualifications and not politics Garland is easy vote yes

FIFY
if u r a hypocrite and only care about party politics this tweet is valid. #fixedit #hack #MerrickGarland
Would you investigate @SenateMajLdr and his ties to Trump/Putin Regime? Quid Pro Quo for his wife @SecElaineChao #Trumprussia
inclined to disagree with you and his qualifications; Ruling over a worker freezing to death to support corporate interests.
So was Merrick Garland.
so was Merrick Garland. Remember him?
how can you even say this when you put politics ahead of filling the Supreme Court seat in the first place?  #hypocrite
@DrDinD Gorsjch' Judgement is questionable, the key qualification for a judge, doncha think?
Garland would have been an easy vote yes #cheatingsenaterepublicans
if u r voting for Gorsuch, you clearly don't give a crap about women. Garland was an easy & obvious yes!
Merrick Garland. That is the yes vote. No on Neil!
Hey Chuck, what was your vote for Merrick Garland?
let's talk more about this at a townhall, chuck. #IowaTaxPayer
If u r voting on qualifications and not politics Merrick Garland is an easy yes
Same could be said for Merrick Garland...
If you did not put politics before country, there would be no Gorsuch because Garland would be on the Supreme Court.
And your position on Garland was not partisan? Hypocritic!
wait let's try that again: If u r voting on qualifications and not politics (Garland) is easy vote yes. That's more like it.
So was Merrick Garland, you hypocrite.
Really? How was the garland vote decided?
fair. But please consider stalling nomination by #IllegitimatePOTUS. Investigate Russian interference and hacking first.
.@ChuckGrassley Goresuch was grown in a petri dish at the Heritage Foundation -- but it's the Democrats who are being political. SMH.
Not really, he's not qualified and you are all about politics.
You mean Garland, don't you?
hey, @ChuckGrassley I fixed it for you: "If you are voting on qualifications and not politics, Garland is easy vote 'yes'"
So was Judge Garland. Seriously, where do you get the damned nerve?
Merrick Garland says, "hello."
You are an embarrassment to the Constitution
HYPOCRITE
Then explain Merrick...you hypocrite
Jesus Christ
I can't stop thinking about how little respect for your constituents it would take to type this. Not talking about U and R.
There should be nothing done until an ind investigation of the 2016 election. Also, GFYS with this "wah Dems are obsctucting"
And you are counting on us having the same amnesia the GOP Senators have? Okay, then GARLAND! So qualified #SCOTUS
Amazing you can spell Gorsuch because you can't say it - you people are frauds, charlatans and snakes - we need to put u out with trash!
YOUR 45 said he'd nominate someone 2 overturn Roe so there you have it. "Taking a life is never right" will lead to that.@GOP
too late to say you aren't doing things based on politics. U did for 8 years. If @SenateGOP weren't such hypocrites, maybe.
#MerrickGarland
Everybody sing it with me, "Chuck you're a hypocrite!"
Different than Merrill Garland how?
You flaming hypocrite, a 180° flip from your position on Garland!
where were u on garland then numb nuts!?
No vote while FBI investigation on POTUS.
This isn't the 80s, you're not in an information vacuum.  Your tweet is obscene, and idiotic.
But isn't yours the party that said no SCOTUS vote while the campaigns are going on? Trump campaigned this week, last week...
so, you are preachingg that people should not do as you do? You Sir are Hypocrite not an Iowan! We are honest, fair people
no he's Not an easy vote yes
If u r voting on qualifications and not politics Merrick Garland was easy vote yes.
2 words Senator: Merrick Garland.
you are a hypocrite - when did YOU ever vote on qualifications, not politics? Merrick Garland ring any bells for you, at all?
If you want truckers to freeze to death, vote yes.
so that was the principle you chose with Merrick Garland??
Exactly, so was Merrick Garland
If you had a real work ethic and serve your constituents,  you'd have given #MerrickGarland a hearing.
Did you say the same last year for Garland?
If u r voting on qualifications and not politics *Garland* is easy vote yes
So was Garland, and yet you played politics.  Doesn't feel good, does it?
Like you held hearings on Garland? Just politics.
.@ChuckGrassley you are a hypocrite. Garland wasn't qualified enough for you? Wait, you wouldn't know because you never game him a hearing.
do you only play politics in even years, and content odd years? Retire and let someone new represent Iowa. You embarrass us.
have you looked at his record? Or do you just vote party lines? You failed to do your job last year. Do it now. Vote NO.
really?  How about looking at his record as well...
Supreme Court overturned his ruling during his hearing.
Just like choosing between @HillaryClinton and 4/5ths President?
you denied Merrick Garland a hearing based only on politics.  #hypocrisy
MERRICK GARLAND!
Because he was nominated on qualifications and not politics?
And @GOP wasn't playing politics when Merrick was nominated?
how do you guys say this stuff with a straight face? It's kinda evil. Just sayin
no, he is not.  Completely partisan.  Doesn't understand background behind separating church and state.
You've disgraced the process. Gorsuch is political pawn raised by a politically corrupt mother. He only cares about profit.
again, switch out Gorsuch for Garland. Think about it.
#MerrickGarland4SCOTUS #StolenSeat
unless you have followed SCOTUS
same goes for Merrick Garland. This Iowan says SHAME ON YOU. You should have done your job last year
We want you to vote on principle. Judge Garland was extremely qualified too.
.@ChuckGrassley #protip: Never use more than four words to say, 'I am a hypocrite'
then why isn't Garland already seated? GOP always places party over country, or is that Russia over USA?
HYPOCRITE!
so.....Garland wasn't qualified?  Well then, neither are you
Do u know how cynical your comment is?  Trump would have gotten much love from we the majority had this choice been Garland.
Hypocrite! If you were voting on qualifications instead of politics, Devos and Perry were easy no votes!
You do understand that we can see your hypocrisy...? #SHAME #GOPFAIL #RUSSIA #COWARD
Stolen seat.
surprising you have the balls to say that after holding up the Garland hearing.  Sad!
this is a joke, right?
Ok. Then what was/is your explanation for not voting for Merrick Garland? He was also a good choice based on qualifications.
Or do you disagree? Do you think he was unqualified? As it stands it's hard to believe your decision wasn't based on politics
you guys really live in another dimension.
And you are an easy NO.
So was Merrick Garland. #Hypocrisy
The way you didn't use politics with Garland? Partisan Hypocrite. You are tying yourself to a traitor. You will go down with him
, pot, meet kettle. (I mean, seriously, YOU want to preach on partisanship after refusing to even look at Garland?)
If you had voted on qualifications, not politics and racism, Garland would have been confirmed a year ago.
.@ChuckGrassley Gorsuch is awful. Far outside the mainstream of law and culture. Vote no. Your constituent, Zip code 52245.
.@ChuckGrassley Merrick Garland was an easy vote based on qualifications, but u wouldn't even give him a hearing. Don't be such a hypocrite.
Many of Gorsuch's opinions are not reflective of protecting individuals rights over corporations.
Then vote Merrick Garland, he was there first, jerk.
Gorsuch is qualified but his judgments have been cruel and biased. Vote No.
If Republicans weren't massive hypocrites on this issue, there wouldn't be a problem.
Then you should have given Merrick Garland a hearing and voted yes!  You STOLE something that belonged to a good man.
Iowa will be so much better when ur gone!!!!
Replace the name Gorsuch with Garland. You are a hypocrite and phoney.
But if you loved the country, constitution and Americans you serve at the pleasure of Garland should have been your vote.
I did not realize hate was a qualification.
is a hypocrite ^
Stolen Seat!
Merrick Garland
your hypocrisy is nauseating!
You keep spelling "Garland" wrong, Chuck.
So was #MerrickGarland and you'll wouldn't even meet with him. #StolenSeat #GarlandNotGorsuch #SaynotoGorsuch #russiagate
.@ChuckGrassley I get it, this is funny because you're a hypocritical partisan hack with no shame. Har har. Good one!
You need to stop all confirmations till Russian investigation is done properly and independently!
How come your constituents in Iowa disagree with you?
you ARE voting on politics Chuck, otherwise that seat would have been filled. We cannot fill seat by Pres under investigation
he's a slippery snake just like you so of course you like him
How'd this tweet work for ya?  #PartyBeforeCountry #OutOfTouch #CantWaitTillYoureGone
Your hypocrisy is shocking.
oh really!  Just like last year's refusal to do a hearing had nothing to do with politics
the people of IOWA WANT GARLAND
how simple this would have been without GOP obstructionism.  You should not have forgotten the oath that you swore.
Easy if you prefer corporations over people. Oh wait, you're a regressive republican , so of course you hate people.
I wouldn't support a vote for a dog catcher recommended by the Republican Party right now.
Is that how u handled Merrick Garland- seat was stolen&they said if HRC won they would not bring anyone up 4 vote-remember?
He was appointed by a president under FBI investigation. Qualifications didn't matter a year ago to you with Garland!
could've said the same about Garland
WE WANT JUDGE GARLAND, you wouldnt even give him a chance.as a citizen of IA i think i would like to see him as SCOTUS PLZ.
if not then i think the ppl in our state will be looking to replace you. #GRASSLEYMUSTGO u do not hold the same value as IOWA
Gorsuch nominated by a man under FBI investigation for colluding with a foreign adversary and willful intent to destroy USA
Merrick Garland if you want a confirmation
#MerrickGarland
GOP said the exact same thing about Garland before he was nominated

So you personally advocate only voting on politics, yes?
Nope, Merrick Garland supersedes Gorsuch... really!
So was Merrick Garland. Oh, and it was also your job--which you refused to do. Most people get fired for that. #TermLimits
U and ur Republican party are thieves!!
Like u held up merrick garland for almost a year! Pot calling the kettle black! How about American people over politics!
God bless you Chuck. Keep up with the support for conservative American values.
.@ChuckGrassley so what about Judge Garland? Doesn't his qualifications make him an easy vote yes? Oh wait, you voted with your politics.
Seriously, you don't even recognize the hypocrisy? It's so blatant it should smack you in the face.
You can't even spell first grade words? Must be Republican.
are you saying this with a straight face #MerrickGarland 
You do realize@he just got overturned by the whole SCOTUS, right?
There is a phrase that Jesus used that seems to fit you to a "T" - "whited sepulchres,." You should probably look it up.
Not really. His rulings not informed by precedent, etc., but by extreme political ideology. Ex:SCOTUS overturned his case 8-0
Garland was an easy yes.
You mean Merrick Garland, right?
#SCOTUS voted no on his ability to apply the law. Why would you vote yes?
could have said that about Garland...Nominated by someone not under investigation for collusion with foreign power.
.@ChuckGrassley @SenMajLeader 

In case you forgot — Republicans blocked Obama's Supreme Court nominee for 293 f*cking days....
um, one of his rulings was unanimously overturned DURING his hearing. Question: did ppl vote you in on YOUR qualifications?

Reply to @ChuckGrassley
You are YUGE hypocrite. Garland Merrick was as deserving and should have at least gotten a hearing.
Hey hypocrite, what about Garland? head
Merrick Garland #hypocrite #nomorals #youaretheswamp
BHO had no business nominating ANYONE in his FINAL YEAR in office and that is why no hearing on MG - BHO got his hack Kagan
Wow. Can you say Merrick Garland? You're the worst kind of politician. All you want is power regardless of what's right.
I agree, but so was Merrick Garland.
.@ChuckGrassley Hey, Chuckles. You played politics when you refused to hold hearings for Garland's confirmation. You are a hypocrite.
if your voting Garland was a qualified nomination but you were playing politics you hypocrite
Just like Merrick Garland?
this statement after what you did to M. Garland is  hypocritical at best- shameful
