Please stop interfering with the FBI investigation.  After the RIDICULOUS behavior of Devin Nunes, we were given assurances that the House
and Senate would carry out this process in earnest.  Special counsel has been appointed and the American people eagerly await the truth.
Our law enforcement should be able to carry out their important work without threats from the executive and obstruction from Senators.
Shame on you and Senator @LindseyGrahamSC !!!!
trying to discredit the FBI to protect trump is a serious dereliction of duty.  History will not be kind to you
he's trying to protect himself and the GOP. Actions of a guilty party
Trying to overturn an election because you don't like the outcome is a crime! Get a life! The election's over! Trump won
Chuck, babe. WE SEE YOU trying to undermine the FBI and we won't let you do it. You are trash.
WTF? 
The shit emoji Cookie Muffin? You deplorables are boring as fuck.
Muslim organizations want to end pork watch this video as proof
You trying to undermine the FBI makes us average citizens think you are guilty of something. Not a good look
It seems like the GOP has become part of corporate organized crime. Maybe Mueller can sort it out B4 U try to get him fired.
Which equals more pollution to our state with legislators not willing to do one thing about it
NOTHING to address the Russian attack.  HS sitting on their hands. Sanctions bill slow-walked in House. Endless list of nothing.
House Approp. Comm.just opted to defund the Elections Assistance  Commission, which ensures our states' voting machines aren't hacked.  WHY?
NSA director has been unable to convince Trump that Russia meddled.  Why?  Seriously.  Why?
So you and Sen Graham are undermining the investigation, while OUR PRESIDENT won't even admit that we were attacked by Russia?  Why?
#25thAmendmentNow
How about getting POTUS to actually admit that Russia attacked us and do  what needs to be done?  Seems like less than 1% chance of this.
Nothing like a Republican supporting pork for the rich... aka trumpcare
Please do not vote Yes on the current wealthcare bill or on the repeal, replace later plan (scam). People will die without HC.
Why are all the RETHUGLICANS so afraid of the FBI??? BACK OFF AND LET THEM DO THEIR JOB #FBI #obstructionofjustice
Deflect DEFLECT.... you talk PIGS we need ACA
You folks are supposed to represent the will of the people, so, quit trying to take away our health care and get Trump out of office.
IMPEACH trump now!!!  There has been reason enough for a long time.  NOW!  2018 will be here before u know it.
Europe has been working to expose and combat hacking/Russian misinformation.  What are we doing exactly?
Can't sell enuf pork or beef 4 farrmers to afford Trumpcare. MEDICARE 4 ALL only way farmers can stay alive!  Call Chuck daily...Vote NO!

I thought @joniernst was going to make them squeal.
The #GOP is a bunch of pigs.Trying to pretend u work for your constituents. You're a #Traitor 
#RussianCollusion 
#deathcare 
That's the GOP
Wait until you have muslims like in Europe.....who don't eat pork and are forcing it off menus in Austria, Germany! Insane.
Go get em farmer chuck
Why doesn't Iowa let its pigs turn around? Torture and grotesque. Bacon is great but for god's sake, let them turn around.
That guarantees no muslims
wake up smell the foul charles! #manure runoff leads2 toxic algae deadzones. 4 heavens sake get pigs out of gestation crates!
Who is defending the people who need Medicaid?  Why is their $$$ for tax cuts for the super rich or or some outer space pork barrel project?
You're doing an awful job! Anyone like you would get FIRED in the private sector!
You get a nearly life-long salary from the PEOPLE, while you try to pass laws to take away PEOPLE'S health insurance! Moocher!
PEOPLE!!! RETIRE!!!
It is high time for the crusty old boy's club to leave Washington! They are  destroying the country while receiving their salary from the
I demand to know if YOU have ever taken Russian money?!! ? YOU have the people of Iowa fooled, and you should be investigated!!!
Drug cartels got mega rich on americans with murder and mutilation and sadly the authors of the FBI are writing the wrong script
You are a smart man sir.
What did you do to the Peoples WH by unleashing this crass vile man and his GrifterFamily into Representing the US.. "Sad! or Bad!"
Smithfield..largest Pork producer owned by the Chinese Government. So that makes you.. working for the Chinese! YAY LOL Sad
Are you trying to aid Trump? @KCCI what is Grassley trying to do? He needs to stay out of FBI investigation.
I don't care about any freaking bacon. I want you to stop obstructing justice. We are going to find out EVERYTHING, even about YOU.
You are acting like a guilty man. Or did Trump make you do this? We're going to find out what the entire GOP did and WHY.
No one is asking you about bacon. We all want to know what your #beef is with the #FBI #DoYourJob

@realDonaldTrump Why VOTERS FRAUD COMMISSION?To collect & supply information to RUSSIA, so as to be targeted by trolls in the next election? 
You are also ruining your legacy. What is wrong with you that you know what we the people want and won't do it. So many reputations lost.
Bacon? Why aren't you tweeting about your efforts to discredit McCabe? We know you are one of Trump's thugs all dresses up as a senator.
@austinfrank Chuck is drunk again lol
Leave my man Chuck alone!
Do you remember what it is like to have a soul or has it been to long and your just used to it? :)
Disgusting.
Why are you trying to block FBI investigation?  Isn't that obstruction of justice?  Americans want the investigation -you have no right!!!!
And we even elected 2 as senators!
I heard you were attacking the FBI for investigating Russia attacking our democracy. #NoPutin #NoTrump
#ProtectOurCare

I think your time in the Senate has expired.  Go fish.
I hear you want to fire McCabe.  Is this party over country or are you trying to hide something that you did?
While you're having a laugh about bacon, we wait to see results of Russian cyber attack investigation for which you display no concern.
Your day is now. You must defend our elections, come what may. Never mind bacon. Defend this country from Putin cyber attacks. Or resign.
Chuck, simple question: have you ever apologized to Iowans for lying about Death Panels?
More importantly, the FBI isn't the problem here. It's your joke of a president and people in the Republican Party, like you, that are.
Chuck Grassley is trying to bury the Russian Investigation. @FBIWFO @FBI @NSAGov  @CIA
What are you trying do about FBI investigation - sabotage?
Bacon, dude?  People do love bacon but not as much as restoring integrity to this country. Clearly you like bacon more. Sad!
Wish I could hear a NO on the HC bill. It wii throw gradms under the bus.
Can you write correctly please?
There is one pig you all need to STOP defending. You have to chose Trump or the USA. Time is running out. The window is closing.
So many haters getting their bullet points from the lying media <smh>
That was a different pig he was talking about as even @GOP are beginning to talk @ #25thAmendment & President #DunningKruger's fitness
Why ru& @LindseyGrahamSC trying to tarnish @FBI investigation? Our nation's in peril, u obstruct & tweet abt bacon! http://www.politico.com/story/2017/06/29/chuck-grassley-andrew-mccabe-fbi-conflicts-240089 …
Look at all the whiny libs in this thread. Their tears are really greasing up my slip and slide. 

#MAGA
You are the worst kind of political hack.  Dishonest and self-serving.
Thanks God for bacon. Now, you'll miss out the best of life and food by not eating pigs if your religion demands it.

.@ChuckGrassley History will judge you harshly4putting party before country{#Smear of @FBI by a Comrade #Trump-ski Coward/Toadie} #SHAME
Are you on #TeamTreason? Stop obstructing justice. Leave McCabe and forget FBI nominee! We need to #DefendDemocracy. #TrumpRussia

@LindseyGrahamSC STOP putting your Party/Trump before COUNTRY! STOP interfering with the Investigation! #Traitors #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
If you're going to cover for face your career is over. Hate giving u advice but if u grow and impeach you get Ryan if not u get Pelosi 18
But you weren't elected to be one of them. Defend our country & justice or your legacy will be that of a pig in mud. #Mccabe. Shame on you!
Instead of going after the FBI work with them to get to the bottom of this Russia/Trump mess. We need the truth not hiding it.
Why are you going after @FBI and McCabe? Why are you protecting Trump/Russia? U need to stop now. Recuse if you can't investigate properly.
ANY attempt to derail or discredit the FBI investigation into Trump/Russia will be seen as partisan politics and end your political career
Chick Grassley is trying to discredit FBI Acting Director to STOP Russian Collusion investigation! UN-AMERICAN, gdamned traitor Grassley!
Stop trying to discredit the Mueller investigation!
Not surprised you'd know all about pigs - coming for the "partisan" hack trying to undermine the FBI's #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Interesting time to align yourself with Trump by trying to undermine the FBI. What's that about, Sen Grassley? 
U shd defend @FBI as vigorously as Hatch defends bacon.U chair Jud.We  u trying to discredit FBI.Obstruct invest reqs patriot 1st, Repub 2d
Party over country Chuck? Is that really the right game to play? Don't be a traitor, stop trying to taint the FBI investigation.
So....this is your takeaway from the events of the day? Your obstructionism is embarrassing. Try to retain some dignity dude.
Why are you protecting Donny or Russia?  What do they have on you? We plan to findout.  #TrumpsPuppet
Step down, traitor. Stop trying to discredit FBI trump-Russia investigation. Please request his removal from jud. committee, @SenFeinstein
@MaddowBlog you are right, Grassley and Graham trying to subvert the Russian Investigation. Traitors??
Is  more important than investigating obstruction of justice by the President? Or humane healthcare? Please focus.
And Steve King!!!Amirite?!
What are you doing??? Attacking others now? Obstructing justice?Be responsible.
Please find your moral compass. we are in emergency with unstable president. Stop threatening the FBI and let them investigate Trump!
Don't forget the pig they sent to DC
Sold your soul to Trump and Russia, huh? Hope you got enough $ to pay for your attorneys. Traitor!!!
@ChuckGrassley If this doesn't make you irate at @POTUS, I don't know what will.  Will you call him out on the Senate floor tomorrow?  SAD!
Hey Chuck, seeing that you lied to us about the "Death Panels," is it fair to assume that you will be lying about this shit ACHA?
Comey and Mueller are republicans... yet they have more integrity in their urine than your entire career. #NixonWasABetterManThanYou
Americans defend democracy. Shills sell us out and attack the FBI.  Looks like you took a side, huh? #TraitorGrassley

GOP operative sought Clinton emails from hackers, implied a connection to Flynn http://on.wsj.com/2t6HIkQ 
so what do you think about trumps tweet today? What does Mrs G think?
Chuck, your boy Trump continues to disgrace and demean the presidency and you are silent.  When will you stand up for decency?
We know what you're trying to pull. What will the FBI find on you that is making you try to block investigation?
Chuck, where are those "death panels" you warned us about?  Where do they meet?
MN is still better than Iowa. We're #1 in turkey, green peas, sugar beets, oats, & sweet corn. Also we'll take you pigs and make #spam
Why are you trying to UNDERMINE the FBI Investigation into Trump and RUSSIA?????
Why are you obstructing justice? Why are looking to discredit the FBI & the reason they're investigating in 1st place. Absolutely appalling

You understand the importance of taxpayer's paying for everything from your pay retirement and insurance deserve the same rich tax cuts not
Shame on you going after Andrew McCabe instead of Trump.  Is there anyone in the GOP that cares about people.  Why do you worship Twitler?

Omg why are you trying to stop the investigation into Trumps collusion with Russia! You are shameful!
YOU & @LindseyGraham KNOW #FlynnFlippedFirst 

Patriots Can't wait for first #Traitors #Arrests
First make deals get the best deals
Dear traitor. Do u realize ur letter to DOJ is obvious & smells of desperation? Go ahead & TRY to discredit the FBI. They're getting closer.
#Kushner's #Flynn's #Sessions lies & omissions on SF86 of over 20 mtgs with the Russians = tip #TrumpRussia ICEBURG
#ObstructionOfJustice
Have you lost your damn mind? We care about you interfering in the FBI investigation. No respect for traitors.
#Kushner's omission of a $296M loan is just the tip of the #TrumpRussia ICEBURG
#ObstructionOfJustice
I'm just appalled that you are impeding the fbi's investigation- awful
#USIC and our Allies INTEL have PROOF #Flynn COLLUDED WITH THE RUSSIANS
SC #Mueller @FBI will Arrest ALL Traitors
#USIC and our Allies INTEL have PROOF #Flynn COLLUDED WITH THE RUSSIANS
SC #Mueller @FBI will Arrest ALL Traitors
Good to know you're on the ball re your candidates horrifying lack of adult behavior and that stupid voting commission.
Stop attacking the fbi and good people- disgusting
Not surprised you support that pig in the White House
#TrumpRussia Investigated because we have Russian Spies in our White House & the @GOP is Complicit & #Grassley #Graham Obstructing Justice
You are tied at the hip to Trump. You're wasting your time trying to smear the FBI. We won't forget. We won't forget.

You might want to retroactively register as a foreign agent of the Russian Government. You're doing great work for them. What a disgrace.
Stop trying to smear the FBI and #DoYourJob !!!!!
Happy to defend pork.  But bacon not healthy. The rest of you politics sickening
If you protect a traitor you're a traitor too.
Pork is good. Now stop trying to end the FBI investigation. This is our damn country and our elections we're talking about.   Be an American
Congress has the authority to remove federal judges for misconduct . I believe  this applies .
Hawaiian judge is meddling with Supreme Court decision on the ban , Supreme Court already overruled ,he can't meddle when case is in sc
Yellow belly Grassley. Are you and @LindseyGrahamSC trying to smear our @FBI and obstruct an investigation? You've lost it. Completely.
Please help, I'm confused. Are you discrediting the FBI to muddy the waters to try and discredit the Russia investigation?  Please explain
He will be President Hatch by the time the investigation is over.
Seriously, sir, Americans want TRUTH. Your attempt to obstruct justice by discrediting the FBI investigation deserves an investigation, too.
Your Letter & veiled Attacks on the @FBI McCabe & #TrumpRussia Investigations show USA the TRUTH

@GOP #TRAITORS put PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY
WHY DO U LOVE MOTHER RUSSIA MORE THAN THE USA??

#MADDOW
bigger teats to suck on? @ChuckGrassley #maddow
Also, just let the @FBI do their damn job. Thank you.
It is time to call, visit his office in DC and State - Why is Chuck Grassley  trying to stop the Russia'n Investigation?
He's being paid in rubles.
Bacon? I do love bacon, but what about the 22 million people losing healthcare. Please do speak up, Sir. We can't hear your stance.
@sengraham2016 @politico  @MSNBC 
Grassley Twitter Feed full of silly Tweets but also trying to discredit #FBI #Comey #McCabe?
#Obstruction
What are you hiding Grassley, why do you want to stop the FBI investigation.  What is your problem, cut the crap man, this is not funny!
Stop trying to preemptively smear Mueller & his investigation, & do your fucking job. Assuming you know what your job is any more. #Resist
Whatever happened to Republicans putting country above all else! Leave the FBI alone, if no one is guilty than what are you trying to hide?
I heard u r trying to undermine the investigation into Trump collusion with the Russians with your friend Lindsay Graham! We r watching u!!!
Hey do not stop an active FBI investigation
Your wife is thick also
I heard you are putting pressure on acting FBI Dir. Hindering FBI obstruction of justice investigation. Shame on you. Be an American leader.
You can only stall investigation with all these antics.The people will not rest until they have answers.Is this worth ur seat in the Senate.
Let's c @FBI what in this closet
LEAVE THE FBI ALONE #TrumpRussiaCollusion #MikeFlynn did it #russiagate @WSJ
While the Prez tweets heinous insults,You & Burr discrediting the FBI & McCabe to make his eventual testimony questionable. We r watching
