From The Voter's Of Our President Trump !!
Calling on  @ChuckGrassley  STOP ! Letting The DEMOCRATS Run The Hearing !! We WON ELECTION! !!!!
Chuck Grassley !! Lindsey Graham !! & @JohnMcCain  UNDERMINING OUR PRESIDENT AND HIS SUPPORTER'S ! SOMEONE INVESTIGATE THEM! THIS IS HISTORY
WE HAD A HISTORICAL ELECTION ! WORK OUR ASS'ES OFF FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP!! WE HAVE ONCE IN A LIFETIME ! DON'T MESS IT UP
WE'RE WATCHING YOU!!!
Can't wait to learn more about his Russian connections.
His law firm definitely has them. @GOP = #traitors (This opening statement is painful. How old is Grassley??)
I think he's in his Eighties. Pretty spry though. . .
Compared to what?
Other guys in their eighties. He runs every day- at least that's what I think I heard. Not necessarily spry in the head. . .
Runs away from duty to protect our country!
THE BIGGEST SCANDAL IN AMERICAN HISTORY.
Yevgeniy Nikulin SAYS FBI TRIED TO BRIBE HIM INTO LYING ABOUT PRES. TRUMP
you are a traitor to the United States Of America. Believing enemy propaganda over own Intel?
You think our msm/ "intel" agencies aren't full of propoganda themselves? You think our intel agencies/msm would report this to the American public if it was true? Yes I'm talking about the same intel agenies and MSM that reported iraq has WMDS.  Who is really more credible now?
OMG. He can barely read statement. And statement is dreadful. Go back to Iowa and never come back. Way past expiration date..
We don't want him back!
We want the old boy to retire, but he keeps running and winning. He knows what suckers we Iowans are.
Speak for yourself! A lot of Iowans know he's a total looney loser! #ChucksNuts
Hey- I know it too! #MerrickGarland is still stuck in my craw, but some Iowans are just too nice.
Wray's law firm, King and Spalding, represent Rosneft--another Russian connection. Should be a concern. 
Clintons Uranium connections a "concern" for you?  Ukraine meddling against Trumps campaign a "concern" for you?
Yes, read Clinton Cash. However, she is not currently president. Also, the book's author supported by Mercer family.
The ability of the wealthy, Mercer-Soros-Koch- corporate lobbyists, foreign governments, etc., is, yes, a concern.
No shame another Trump Russia apologist. You "sir" need to get out of the way.
Yevgeniy Nikulin SAYS FBI TRIED TO BRIBE HIM...
Russian suspected hacker moves step closer to US extradition
Aiding foreign enemy psych. propaganda program attack against US = overt act of treason. Several Case law rulings (radio broadcasts).
You and your @GOP have no right to fill that position. None. Your administration and party are corrupt traitors.
The sound we all just heard was you irrevocably landing on the wrong side of history. You, sir, are a laughingstock. So sorry.
ANOTHER establishment HACK who thinks the FBI is an Independent Agency! He works for the PRESIDENT an the AG is HIS BOSS... Comey #2
WHY YOUR QUESTIONING DONALD TRUMP JR ABOUT MEETING WITH RUSSIAN LAWYER,YOU MIGHT WANNA ASK DEMOCRATS HOW THEY KNOW HER, HILLARY, OBAMS, IT'S
ALL A SET UP, THEY PLANNED IT TO LOOK LIKE DONALD JR WAS DOING SOMETHING, HILLARY IS THE ONE THAT WAS TRYING TO INFLYENCE AN ELECTION!
Please subpoena him.They knowingly crafted false stories by coordinating w/media.Traitors & enemies of the people.
Lordy ! Another rambling nonsensical speech. We know if Trump wants him you bow down and agree. You have chosen party over country. Traitor.
Why are you allowing Trump to ignore you? Subpoena them now. Put the country first this time.
How about revoking Jared's security clearance?

Where is the investigation into the crimes of the Clinton Foundation?
@ChuckGrassley @TGowdySC 
@LouieGohmertTX1 @RandPaul HAVE YOU READ THIS
Your voters want #Comney investigated.
Explain why you felt you needed to slam Andrew McCabe? If you have an issue ask Rosenstein to draw up a memo giving reasons to fire him.
Any plans to hold Sessions accountable  for lying and disobeying a court order?
Oh my...you're in it deep too,aren't you? Knock off the bull,no Democratic conspiracy. Gees...
WHY R U NOT CALLING JEFF SESSIONS IN TO TESTIFY? HE SNUBS HIS NOSE AT CONGRESS AND NO ONE IS DOING ANYTHING! DAMMIT THE HELL!
grassley allowed trump to make a liar of himself. Why would chuck & the GOP have allowed themselves to sell out Country. They're involved!
Keep impeding the Russian Trump investigation and they may have a jail cell for you too! Let the FBI Do It's Job!
Using your position to try and Block an FBI investigation can bring charges and jail time! Just Look at what Nixon did! & where it got him!

We see right through you Chuckles. My question for you: what does Trump have on you? Better own up. The truth always comes out.
Jeez, Old Man - please stop embarrassing yourself & this country. Resign now. #TheResistance
Chuck Grassley admits to his involvement in Russian collusion. How do these incompetent people get elected.
The FBI director reports to the president!
Your normal disgraceful performance today.  Is there any line you will not cross to protect this debacle.
OK. It's all clear now. Your little anti-McCabe soliloquy this morning is to make this TrumpRussia problem a Democrat problem. You're a hack
So ashamed to have you as my senator today. Wish I could go back in time and vote for Patty Judge. You've lost all credibility with Iowans.
What has Putin got on you? @ChuckGrassley Why so blasé about the Russian attack on our republican democracy? If this were a Dem? Step down.
Stop greeting and start questioning.  You are an embarrassment to your constituents.
Today we all learned You're a traitor. It won't work Chuck the truth WILL come out no matter how much you're paid to twist it!
Gone from solid Midwesterner to traitorous sleaze
How long before y'all realize the GOP are in on this? If they were not, they would have impeached already. Which kleptocratic pays Chuck?
You have two thing to do this year Fix the ACA & Vote to Impeach Trump!
You were doing well until Fox News.  Then you sound like a crackpot conspiracy theorist.
Trying to switch the guilt to HRC doesn't work anymore.  Emails don't lie.  Trump and company are busted.  You're a pitiful coward.
Saw your Fox clip.  Go get a mental checkup.
So comrade Grassley, what have the russkies got on you?  Or do the Kochs/Mercers have their hands up your backside? #Complicit #traitor
Why is it that you would attack FBI current and past directors but do NOT see anything wrong with @DonaldJTrumpJr meet with Russian lawyer?
Has your GOP pervert in chief resigned yet?
Senator, watched today. I have to ask WHY do the Dems like Wray so much? Worries me. They hate anyone Trump picks. What did he promise them?
Explain yourself old fart. You met with the Russians as well. Wall Street Journal tomorrow is reporting!!
Treason in our midst. Time for congress to acknowledge . We speak English, not Russian. Thank you.
Your ludicrous suggestion of McCabe recusal and support of @realDonaldTrump will not go unnoticed. And I don't mean that in a good way.
Why did you attack Acting Director McCabe?  Do you really want to throw (what's left) of your integrity out for Trump?  Disgraceful.
Your suggestion of recusal by McCabe is laughable and transparent.  Just keep supporting the buffoon in the Whitehouse.  He needs you. SAD.
Since you want to talk about RUSSIA WHERE IS SUSAN RICE, HILLARY, SAMANTHA POWELL AND OBAMA? I'M TIRED OF YOU RHINOS SABATOGING TRUMP
FFS another example of the uneducated Trump demographic. 'Sabatoging'??? #trump #illiterates
Anticipating photos of you behind bars with your Russian komrads. Be sure to smile because we sure will be!
GOP & Chuck Grassley show America that they think it is just FINE to open yr arms to a hostile foreign govt IF it helps THEM get elected.
Chuck Grassley thinks he can continue GOP obstruction of Trump Russia Invest by pretending he's being criticized 4 doing oversight! Lol
Sir, ignore the trolls. You are one of our only patriots remaining to  serve this great nation. Thank you.
I brushed my teeth this morning.
As your constituent, I ask that you review his anwers carefully and not support his confirmation.  Thank you.
Can you please drop the hammer on the #AwanBrothers ???  How can you let DNC get away with this?  Please do something
"Suck it up and move on!"
THANK YOU for being OUR #FBI Whistleblower rights CHAMPION. I'm fmr FBI Unit Chief (Name Checks), whistleblower. http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/homeland-security/335208-the-case-for-protecting-americas-intelligence-agency … …
Why do we need a new FBI director again?
Because the old FBI Director was a royal screwup & incompetent boob.
Bc of Russia. As stated by POTUS. Try to keep up.
When are you going to ask about #Wray conflict of interest ?
@ChuckGrassley My Dad taught me that you are a good honorable man. Please live up to his word, seek first the truth in your work here.
Swamp.
Merrick garland
If the FBI director is a 10 year term, why was Trump allowed to fire Comey?  Hire Comey back.
Trump fired Comey because of the Russian investigation; he should not be allowed to pick a new director while under investigation.
Republicans do not care about possible treason. I left your party during the convention becasue I could smell just how corrupt you are.
What are you so afraid of? How many Republicans are involved in helping the Russians?
Why don't you stand up for our intelligence community & our DOJ. You have failed to condemn the attacks against it by Trump & his team
Your party's failure to decry these attacks have emboldened conspiracy theorists, & Trump to continue destroying faith in our institutions
Sir, you are compromised, biased and corrupted. When will you have the guts to speak out against trump?
Unfortunately for Wray the more you like him the more I'm suspicious of him.
Exactly!

.@MaxBoot: If Republicans do not start breaking with Trump "sooner rather than later, they will join him on the ash heap of history." 
I hope you don't give the president a get out of jail free card
Unfortunately, grassley is so corrupted, he will obstruct the process of revealing fully trump's treason. #grassleyiscompromised
Letting Trump pick an FBI director is like letting a murder pick his own judge. He's under FBI investigation!! Put country before party!
When did the Republican Party become the Party of Lies & the Protectors of a President that is Breaking the Law?
Commentary on other Senator's line of questioning in the hearing is not needed/wanted. How you feel about other's questions is irrelevant.
We're letting a president aided by the Russians select the FBI director for the next 10 years and you see nothing wrong with that?
Make sure he is going to arrest all the people in the White House!
Wray is another Putin Puppet.  Stand up &stop selling our democracy 2 #TrumpPutin piece by piece. Redeem urself
You are an embarrassment to all Americans.
who's buying you today? You certainly have an agenda by someone?
How about country over party ,Sir- honestly
When are you ever going to put your COUNTRY ahead of your party you corrupt old man!? History is watching!
Resign, you old, cynical, out-of-touch partisan hack.
#YetAnotherRussianConnection #VoteNo
Ask about his Russian ties? #grassley #RussianCollusion #NoMoreLies
Don't you think you should wait for the Russia and obstruction investigations to finish before moving on any new nominations?
Your behavior is proving more and more that your entire party sold our country out and revolution might become our only option

How far you've sank. History will not be kind to you. #countryoverparty
Everyone knows what you're trying to do, do you really want to go down with the Trump ? I suggest you distance yourself from Them
YOU DISHONOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. TRUMP OWNS YOU. NEXT UP-TRUMP DUPMPS McGABE
The Russian attorney who met with Donald Jr obtained her visa the same way these two Russians did. How did these two obtain theirs Chuck?
This lady, Senator.  This is eight days after she met with @DonaldJTrumpJr 

@POTUS May be interested in knowing she's not the only one
can you imagine someone taking a meeting with her? after they tell you they are working with the Russian government? then releasing email?
Remind me again, why was Garland denied?
Needed in infiltrate ALL branches of government to push the evangelical agenda sponsored by Kochs/Mercer. No need for constitution anymore.
Making sure he doesn't go berserk on all this Russia stuff, huh? Your legacy of oversight is now a sad farce.
You asked about whistleblowers and their treatment. Please help Reality Winner who is in jail unjustly!
What about russia    seems the gop is in coverup deny lie misdirect mode

They need2 remove Uas the Judiciary Chair ASAP. MIND NUMBING GOP PARTISAN BULLSHIT SELF CONGRATULATORY INTRO @ FBI DIR CONFIRMATION HEARINGS
How you tried to turn your intro at the FBI Director confirmation hearing into a Clinton/Comey Expose`was utterly disgusting & insulting r
Ok, at least your opening round of questions were not as partisan
I can't wait to see what Mueller has on you @ChuckGrassley! You are a partisan hack. TRAITOR 
You need a refresher course on reading.
83 years old. You should be in the grave soon where you belong. You are a traitor to this already great country.


WADR, @ChuckGrassley, the FBI director toils under the AG, but serves the American people and protects the Constitution


Shameful to throw the FBI's McCabe under the bus. Partisan much. You've been there too long. Very very shameful!!!
http://www.powerlineblog.com/archives/2017/06/report-top-fbi-official-had-it-in-for-flynn.php … McCabe started investigation into Flynn because Flynn stood up for Robin Gritz being discriminated against by McCabe
You seem overly worried about whistleblowers. You hiding anything?
you are a traitor to America..and way past retirement age
IS HE MIXED UP WITH RUSSIANS LIKE YOU ARE?
I hope you don't get bogged down w/ "masking"...we need to know he can say NO to Trump & not allow himself to be "played" into a cover-up
You are complicit in @realDonaldTrump's crimes.  And that, Senator, makes you a traitor.
Almost ALL Americans, ALL DEMS, and almost all GOP, then you stand alone in support of the corruption taking place in America's White House
Trump shld not be nom anyone when Tr & his criminal fam is under invest & the Rep party & you are a disgrace to the US 4 covering up 4 Trump
A sex discrimination complaint is supposed to be confidential while being investigated. Grassley, your McCabe smearing today was deplorable.
If you fail to see the mountain of Trump's unethical behaviors & don't understand why his behavior toward Russia is unacceptable  to
Remember this hearing isn't about Hillary. Get over it and do your job.
Pulled away because they know that to attach  themselves to Trump is like sinking with a cannon ball-they prefer to be reelected
POTUS is slowly trying to turn the U.S. into an autocratic society where Americans have no right to know what he's doing. Most GOP has
You're despicable putting your party over this country. Have you no shame?! Obviously not .. I hope u ALL go down w/trump.
He pulls out of Paris Agreement (strongly opposed by physicist Steven Hawking) & he's a constant embarrassment to the majority of Americans
Thanks for throwing some bones to your friends at #FoxNews You need to wake up to the truth #TrumpRussiaCollusion
He showers adversaries with praise, calling them "strong leaders," and slowly erodes the opinion of the U.S. in the eyes of our allies
Are you kidding? This administration's nepotism will go down in history, and you're worried about a wife running for office!?
Doesn't seem to know why you don't put your daughter in a mtg replacing you with other heads of states. He refuses to provide tax returns
@GrassleyPress you are a creep, senator
Is this you telling him you expect him to ignore Trump's connection to Russia? Especially junior's
You are a joke! This hearing is about you persecuting Comey, McCabe, Clinton & The Democratic party!! Wray should recuse himself fr Tr/Russ!
A dark, dark joke.
Constantly contradicts himself and others, embarrasses all Americans by insulting previous President and media as he made a speech overseas
Comey was fired by a illegitimate trump who is still colluding with putin. The republicans should be embarrassed and horrified. #resist
Briefings into either no video or audio, has many friends & family members in high positions, doesn't understand how government works,
Things to happen. Slowly, he's cutting Americans out of WH activities by not keeping WH guest book (invited russians), turned daily
U sound senile.
Grassley just opened hearings by trashing Clintons/Comey. Pathetic display of Trump bias. You work for U.S. citizens, Chuck, not for Trump!!
Remember-Trump has led a lifetime in business succeeding through corruption. He brought those habits to the WH thinking he could force
Notice how Mrs. Feinstein talks so gracefully!! You're a quack! Why does Iowa keep voting you in?
Wow, building a case against Comey and McCabe.  Politicizing the FBI.  Disgusting.
NO ONE CARES THAT THE DAMN KIDS ARE ON YOUR LAWN AGAIN!   STOP HARASSING THE @FBI!   #STALKER
@realDonaldTrump why didn't you reference all of Wray's work with Russia--references deleted from his bio at law firm?
Chucky, your getting alittle old for these hearings. Can we say your in Trumps pocket? Your supposed to be bais. Go home
Do you even know where you are half the time?
Sad show you are putting on today. Using the word of the day - you are very TRANSPARENT in where you stand.
Hard to watch a U.S. Senator @ChuckGrassley having difficulty reading his own words on national TV.
Because they r probably not HIS words.
Vlad wrote his script
I guess colluding with and adversarial foreign power to  throw an election is fine with you. Iowa fire this guy. He is a Russian apologists.
You must hate the US, did you have to make such a partisan opening statement at the confirmation hearing.
I think you need to slow down when u read ur comments. Everything runs together. I decided to take as nap
Again, can't thank u enough Senator for having the guts, faith, commitment & loyalty to your job & to the American people!
He hasn't done his job in years.  He has at least twice failed to obey the constitution in favor of his party.  Pure fascist.
On behalf of the American people it looks like to protect your party and Trump
Partisan fool.
I've never seen so many bots in your mentions, Chuckie-boy.
Ur statement is painful to listen to. Partisan hack. Shame on u.
Putin thanks you
ARE YOU REALLY ON NATL TV WHINING ABOUT HEARSAY THAT SOMEONE MADE NEGATIVE STATEMENTS ABOUT MOSCOW MIKE FLYNN?
Make sure he is loyal to the Trump Crime Family. Also please learn to read. Hard to watch you trying to read. #russianpuppet
Oh stop trying to protect Michael Flynn! #Trump #Republicans #TrumpTreason #TrumpTraitor #DonTrumpJR
what is wrong with http://you.You  "MUST" be reviewed.are you hiring a man,or TRASHING the entire FBI that is in tact.
You have lost your way.   I'm embarrassed to be from Iowa.   You disgust me.
Why are you whining about the Clinton's.Who cares?
Now you will get your puppet into your pocket.
Confirmation of a FBI director by Senate whose maj party nominated a traitor POTUS who fired the previous director b/c he was investigating
Do for the good of the country @ChuckGrassley!! Stand up for #CountryOverParty! Stop ALL noms until #RussiaGate is finished!! #Mueller
What r HIS ties 2 Russia? Do u even care anymore? #DoYourJob #InvestigateRussia Stop the hypocrisy & put country b4 party.
Nothing bipartisan about old Chuck. He is a partisan hack.  Party before country.
arrest fraud chuck Grassley and FRAUD DOJ/FBI criminals working for HOme grown Financial Terrorists.DEEP STATE CROOK
Now you're on Russia's side, good job chuck!
Please get him confirmed quickly sir so he can clean up the politicized mess of an agency that Obama & Comey created.
Will you ask how he feels about working for a President that sought to collude with a foreign government?
As u can see Mr stay looks totally  bored and disgusted. It going to be a long morning. BTW. who are the women? I just got 10 minutes in
Did you ask him for loyalty, Senator? 
arrest fraud chuck Grassley and FRAUD DOJ/FBI criminals working for HOme grown Financial Terrorists.DEEP STATE CROOK
