Leaks are a violation of law. It should all be in AG Sessions hands. Grand jury time!
The Attorney General of the United States lied to you at his confirmation hearing... and you're cool with it? Focus on leaks instead?
we call that #COMPLICITY Take down all of the people complicit in this #Treason
. @ChuckGrassley Really? Leaks are your focus, not the russian web of ties that seems 2surround your potus & being investigated right now?
Open your eyes ol' buddy. Forget the leaks. Look for the bigger picture. Watergate had leaks. Bigger story.
There is a story here imo. Whether it will get exposed, another story
Defend deceitful Trump admin @ChuckGrassley & someday Trump will accuse you & then @JasonMillerinDC as a leaker or wiretapper & #fakenews
I hope you get my point; Defend a liar and a liar will betray you.
@AndreBauerSC You have 10 secs to save your integrity. Oh, You just lost your chance. You defended lying. @donlemon kick him off forever.
look up "whistleblower" in the dictionary
Iowan's are truthful by nature. Are u?
@JasonMillerinDC Reasons behind leaks need to be investigated, but if it's leaks that consume you, call a plumber.
But if it weren't for the "leaks" we'd have no way of knowing to demand an investigation into these TRAITORS!
Point..Russia is in our politics and potentially Trump Colluded..aka Treason..and the GOP puts party over Politics.Nixon like
.@ChuckGrassley ur worried abt leaks instead of your @POTUS who is colluding with Russia to destroy our republic? That's disgusting.
Why would he start rising above it? That was Old Chuck. New Chuck is a total party hack. Sad
Dont act like you haven't known about this for two years.
how do you reconcile this with your support for whistleblowers? There are differences but conceptually doing the same thing
Partisan smoke screen. Time for you to go. Leaks. Leaks
Please keep pushing for this. Comey is dirty, IMO and might even be leaker. But investigation is needed!
w/constant lies fm Trump WH, leaks r the only way citizens know the truth. Russian collusion MUST be FIRST. COUNTRY B4 PARTY.
Sir, the credibility of the @GOP is shot unless someone acts on what is going on with Russia. Be on the right side of history
Leaks need to be investigated?  WTF. Maybe we should have held Deep Throat accountable instead of Nixon?
No he doesn't. He works for a clandestine organization
Trump & Co running around w/ matches, and you're worried about who called the fire department. Party before country.
@karmasenz Congress investigation of Hillary public; who authorized secret investigation Trump; based on what - power abuse?
I thought you were in support of whistleblowers. These are not "leaks".
Wait. Devin Nunes just went on national TV and leaked classified info, so...
I am watching the hearings now, It is clear that certain people do not want the @POTUS to do his Job! Period
Hillary sold 20% of our Uranium to Russia not Trump
But you knew that !
Hillary didn't own it therefore didn't sell it. It went through 7 departments for approval and the uranium cannot leave USA. Read
Thank God 4 the leakers! U r missing the BIGGER picture. POTUS colluded with foreign adversarial govt 2 interfere in election
Why wasn't he asked if HE was the leaker?
no guts. Nothing learned from yesterday's hearing . Just a confirmation that Comey is corrupt.
Indeed. Same old Kabuki Theater.
Impartial bi-partisan investigation or we don't believe a thing the Republicans are saying.  Political suicide for GOPs.
If you can't support that type of investigation, will vote out every Republican I can.
so stop screwing around or we will investigate more than Trump in 2018.
And, yes, I'm from the state of Iowa.  Former Republican who will now be voting  #transparency in every office
"FBI,NSA,CIA, DNI cant find evidence of any ties between Trump camp and Russia".How would they know that if no surveillance?
needs 2 b brought behind the shed and put down
Comey is afraid of #TheHammer, secret computer system used by Brennan & co. to #wiretap Trump 1 Zillion times.
Since when does law enforcement reveal details of an ongoing investigation? Don't be daft.
NO, treason does. Does CIA need to release a spy's identity when providing intel? Do cops need to release names of CIs? NO.
How about we find out if a Foreign Power colluded with the Trump Campaign and then after that we worry about the leaks...
agree we need transparency - @GOP should lead the call to compel Trump's taxes
guess you lied to @ChrisCuomo @NewDay  this morning just like Trump
Seems your priorities ARE a bit skewed. THE PRESIDENT AND HIS AIDES ARE UNDER FBI INVESTIGATION. GET IT?
Everyone missed Comey's statement the H. Clinton is under "Criminal Investigation"
Your words weren't quite as strong when it came to Hillary. http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/277374-grassley-fbi-could-leak-details-from-clinton-email-probe …
dem corrupt standard 2 investigate POTUS 4ever until they find something. Start in ur own house
Obviously, they must be working with the Russians!

Based on their standards VOTE THEM OUT!
#DrainTheSwamp 
Per Vault7 proof it might have been Aman Brothers making it look like Russia is the specific proof without a doubt Russia?
Leaks ARE NOT the important issue here Chuck! Go after Deep Throat once impeachment & indictment is done.
Why are you so worried about the American people learning the truth about you Republicans treasonous tactics?
shame on you for not being an American first #illegitimatePOTUS
You need to retire. How bout a bill for Term Limits. You're the epitome as to why we need a Bill. SMDH.
...WHO ORDERED INVESTIGATIONS IN 2016?  WHY?.WHAT WAS INFO SHARED WITH WH PRIOR TOO JAN 10 @NahBabyNah
@juanitamcope Please make sure Comey finds the leakers
It has become PAINFULLY evident COMEY & others need 2 B investigated.They have been investigating/harassing trump 4 months.
.@ChuckGrassley Pres. needs 2 B more transparent about wiretaps & Russian ties, but U don't care about that silly stuff do U? #wearewatching
u shld b more concerned about Russia put ppl b4 party
Trump and GOP needs to go to jail for selling out our country! TRAITOR!
The FBI needs to be transparent?  I dont think so
You sacrificed any shred of integrity you had to defend a treasonous man-baby. #shameonyou #putinspuppet
Bet he knows already but refuses to release. SHOULD BE TOP PRIORITY
can CNN ask you about a tweet 21 hours ago before you forget? @ChrisCuomo
Let's get to the bottom of the Russian connections first, this could be treason. FBI probably already investigating leaks
yes yes check out the Paki #AwanBrothers DNC IT specialists had access to NSA FBI CIA with routers and THEIR OWN SERVER!
tweet from Monday.  Liar
You're so old you don't remember things you say or when you said them,,,,,
so if someone exposes improper contacts with Russians it should be swept under the rug #partyovercountry #Whistleblowers
the GOP needs to be transparent also...they looked like idiots yesterday.
You do realize we can see your Twitter right ?
I too just saw ur CNN interview, classic deflection tactic along with yet another lie.
so this happened Sunday?
Isn't there a nearby Morgue we can politely ask this Corpse to check into?
So, there were 3 tweets from yesterday about Comey. I knew i could trust @ChrisCuomo
This was yesterday, Chris Cuomo was right
Tow that party line! Ignore facts.
Please do not mention the word Constitution...you and your party are master hypocrites with no shame.
I just saw you on @CNN  you may want to check your twitter again.. it was Monday , not Sunday you made the FBI comments 
@cnn @ChrisCuomo You were tweeting yesterday about Comey and leaks. #timetoretire
was this sunday?
man you have to look at a calendar and a time clock or tell your staff to stop tweeting on you your behalf. Laughable
@CNN You just told CNN that your Comey tweets were all on Sunday. Why does this date stamp contradict?
“I tweeted about it on Sunday”… - Grassley this morning on CNN… Obviously not true… #FakeNews
This time shows you tweeting Monday. Having Trouble w/time Chuck. If GOP cant be trusted w/Trump/Russia Special Invest needed
LIAR
Didn't you just tell CNN you tweeted this on Sunday? Are you lying or can you not remember what day it is ?
You just lied on CNN. Said you tweeted about Comey on Sunday. @ChrisCuomo was right.
@cnnbrk proof here he just lied on national news.
you were in a fine mood this a.m. The republic is in the balance. look beyond the R next to your name. russian ties r issue
Ummm....this was also tweeted on Monday @ 10:33am, NOT SUNDAY. You & POTUS have something in common regarding the truth. SAD
I believe this tweet was sent out on Monday, no? @ChrisCuomo
u need to wake up and stop protecting ur lunatic POTUS. U also seem cranky maybe time 4U 2 retire
You're an embarrassment.
Please stop worrying about the leaks. You know what is going on in the White House. You have been briefed. Step up.
Why weren't you worried about leaks when leaking against Dems? Root prob not leaks but rather we can't trust leaders.
Et tu, Grassley? GOP spin: Treason is no big deal, but getting the info out about it should be severely punished.
Comey has to resign.  He's not to be trusted.
@trump4pres13 No mention on the leaks and what is being done about them
Did you just confirm leaks? Doesn't that mean you should also be investigated?
coney is probably the one that tapped Potus, and then lies to cover for himself.  Potus is smart, he will win.
Since when did treason become a partisan issue sir? Worry about leakers later if you want, now is about RUSSIA. #ColdWarII
@JasonMillerinDC Really? Like Benghazi leaks? Hypocrites.
What about #trumprussia collusion?
shame on you, what needs to be found out is what Trump had to do with Russia in their atempt to sway an America election!
leaks are secondary issues. "Find out who's telling the world we're inept lawbreakers!" doesn't look good.
Partisan hack. You're worried about leaks when treason is in play?   Hack.
Comey must b Impeached. U.S no-longer trust Comey & FBI. No wonder FBI didn't charge HRC. 97% of FBI donated 2 Clinton's camp
@mhooshma16 But he won't be transparent unless it suits his purposes. I don't trust him any more.
quit w the rouge. russians haha , its the MB and Cair inflitration of govt. Leaking intel on military and trying to ruin PRES
@travlyngirl how can he investigate when he may be part of the leak??  Huge conflict.  @POTUS must push for investigation.
@JasonMillerinDC You should be ashamed of yourself-it's NOT the leaks it's the collusion! Ind Committee Now! #DonTheCon!!!
#DoYourJob #investigatetrump #IllegitimatePOTUS He humiliates the USA.
@JasonMillerinDC seriously? Don't you care that Russia attacked us? With the help of the president! That doesn't bother u?
@nytimes @washingtonpost Chuck - you and your staff had no issues with leaking Clinton investigation #2faced
@JasonMillerinDC #45 is lying, selling snake oil. Sham on you for condoning duping the American public
@JasonMillerinDC leaks? Ur pres is a known liar! diversion tactics. GOP is sad!
@JasonMillerinDC u r delusional.
If not for leaks a foreign agent would be NS chair.
Keep up pressing for justice in the leaking incidents
@cnn please continue to cover up Trump's collusion... can't wait to watch U and all the GOP covering this up be INDICTED 2
We know the sleazy Obama admin is involved. When will u get to the bottom of that?
He can't be transparent. And you were in the secret meeting and you know it.
So quit being political about it you sneak.
Stop lying and covering up u will be implicated
@JasonMillerinDC #COMEYneeds2goNOW #ComeyYouRfired
So who's being investigated?  Hilary? Obama?
@trump4pres13 comey needs to be fired. Should have been the first man replaced.
Start with Wikileaks and  Russia.
You want to investigate leaks? Investigate Wikileaks & it's role in Russia interference in election. Trump / Russia collusion
Comey can't tell the truth, he's corrupt! Had his chance to be a man but is a puppet!
you DO understand that he can't tell you what's going on,  right? Except when it's Hillary he's investigating, duh.
Fire him, since he hasn't said anything there is little to blame you for.
Your legacy is now cemented as a stool pidgeon for a halfwit. Seems your life could have been better spent.
I'm more concerned about ongoing treason in the White House
chuck, replace comedy
leaks come from people who take their oaths to serve seriously. If nobody shines the light, how will we hold govt accountable
The leaks will be known in the end.  I'd hoped you'd be more interested in learning about possible acts of treason.
dude you're more upset about leaks than about Russia trying to hijack our democracy? #WTF #ComeyHearing #TrumpRussia
your complicit is showing ..
@JasonMillerinDC How's the golfer in thief I mean in Chief doing?
Comey is a constant disappointment. We pay them.We have a right to know they aren't working for O/HRC & who's leaking
@mcgilh Comey must think he is still on O's payroll.
...about the Lawless AG Lynch's meeting with Clinton and was he told to let her off the hook?
@JasonMillerinDC DUDE..// where is your chin? Flat faced goatee made for LYING.   Can't lie anymore
Sir, it is time to investigate Comey and find out if he has ties to Clinton foundation dollars, what he knew......
No Comey needs to be replaced. Who in the trust him after what he did/didn't do in HC case. She should be in jail.
Coup d'etat underway and you know it
Like "@potus," you care more about leaks than what really matters. #IndependentInvestigation
@BamaGirlStepha1 Comey needs to be fired!
Mr. Comey & Mr. McCabe must both step down. They are compromised, in-trustworthy and incompetent.
Russia!!!
YOU are basically LEAKING information from a CLASSIFIED BRIEFING!  What the hell is wrong with you???? HYPOCRITE!
russia needs to be investigated
Funny how you didn't give a crap about leaks over the past seven or eight years.
Are you kidding me? Which side of history are you going to go down on? Putin's or ? History has its eyes on you....
The leaks aren't the problem you should be concerned with, Senator. The Russian connections are the greatest threat.
There is NO Russian connection.  Wow.  People are so BRAINWASHED. Please turn off your tv.
Americans are so tired of Comey dancing around questions. Hope you question him behind closed doors - pin him down.
Not ina publicseeing.  Most of this material is  top secret
Because we're more worried about leaks than about foreign interference in our political system? Maybe patriots needed to leak
#StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat
#Dork #Dork #Dork #Dork #Dork
What did Grassley know and when did he know it? #TrumpRussia
Don't you want the truth? You are just another Trump puppet.
has a motto. "Party before country"
where's Comey's response to your letter Senator. This ISN'T going by the wayside. We THE People demand answers
please save the GOP and impeach Trump now. I at least trust that Pence isn't going to sell US out to Russia.
@gravy_bacon he literally cant talk about ANYTHING..hes worthless
As for interference in elections. We've interfered in nearly 100 over our time. Nothing unusual there. These lies/leaks are
Anyone (big business/money) has some associations w/Russia, China, ect. Look at Clintons! This whole thing is a Dem/MSM lie
Worry more about the Traitors. If you're not against them you are with them. #Complicit #BenedictArnold #Impeach45
@chargergreg 
The only transparent thing I saw was Comey's refusal to deny he had briefed obama. That spoke volumes.
Nope. He said they are investigating Trump & he made up the wiretap thing. No surprise. U insult our intelligence. U R Fired.
USA b4 USSR! Party over Country. Nothing to hide, nothing to be afraid up. #TrumpTaxReturns #TrumpRussia
shame on you, let's investigate you!!
but what's more important the leaks or the nature of the leaks & what the person did that was illegal & lied about
