YOU don't need to speculate! YOU alone have the power to investigate. Stop squandering that power!
What are you hiding Chuck, that you continue to support this administration?
The "PRESIDENT IN TRAINING"! Is a  criminal! Doesn't belong in the WH! Here chew on this!
Then hold hearings in public and under oath.
The biggest leak in the White House comes from POTUS. Take away his phone!
trump leaked it to motivate Sessions to quit, or turn honest congressmen against Sessions. Finding no good men, he is left w/free press.
We know you know more about this investigation than We The People. @ChuckGrassley WE know it's not SPECULATION. Good day!
It's probably the White House
Call Chuck's office and tell him that the people demand transparency.  We are done just taking politician's word for things. (202) 224-3744
You're one to talk, protecting @DonaldJTrumpJr to create more speculation. Trump will tweet his thanks to you later
It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President.
The problem isn't the leaks. It's that there's something to leak in the first place. If you don't see that, you're as guilty as them.
Leaks have also been LIES, doofus.

Immediately!!!
Sir, u know why a whistleblower won't reveal the whole convo, and u know how tactical leaks from a dictator play, too.
They likely can't.  They don't have anything substantial... most of this investigation.  Put an end to this farce, Chuck!
I believe the leaker may be Putin but Comey already implied....? #TrumpRussia
Do you have security clearance? Why don't you go ask the FBI for some evidence?
BE honest.Your friend J.McCain would not allow this.What are you doing.Don Jr.met with Russians,Russians invaded US elections.
Why should we need leakers before you do your job?
DO YOUR GODDAMNED JOB - protect the people, not the proven liar "POTUS" - call Chuck and demand betttransparency - (202) 224-3744
You should jump off that sinking ship.
check with Devin Nunes. maybe he knows something about the leaker of this.
#25the45th Senator Grassley, supporting a sick maniac and ignoring Russia's involvement is disgusting!  #CountryOverParty
/ pants burn / leg wound
Enough leaky business - Make them testify in the OPEN! We deserve to know! What are you hiding??? #RussiaGate
This is propaganda position on part of GOP, to deny. Yet you use taxpayer $ to probe Steele Dossier when it's already bin fact checked as OK
What speculation?  You're going too easy on Trump/Sessions.  It looks like a cut and dried case to me.  Intel has confirmed
They won't leak the convo b/c it will exonerate Sessions ...When will this Russia hoax nightmare end, Senator Grassley? Still no evidence.
If it weren't for the leakers we'd already be learning Russian by now. Leakers are only ones protecting democracy while congress rolls over.
STOP blaming the LEAKERS. YOU are part of the COVERUP! Do YOUR JOB...WE THE PEOPLE Deserve to know the TRUTH!! WHY CLOSED? Hiding something?
Sir, u have the power to end the legacy of James McGill Buchannon, and the Confederacy. Please bring Trumpworld to an end.

He is crooked.
We have lost confidence in you. We see consciousness of collusion on your part to aid TRUMP/RUSSIA. This is now your dark legacy.
What the hell are you?
Asked the man-child in the whorehouse, he is your leaker!  #LockHimUp
If we didn't have these leaks they would be getting away with murder!  and you know it!
Your comments on Twitter R so reassuring. We're supposed to have confidence in an investigation which hasn't ended yet your minds made up?
Leaks are coming from White House and Trump's tweets.
Senators who used pre-crime methodology for 17 years now can't see crimes under their own noses.
"The dog who didn't bark in the night."
I think you need work on your Trumpspeak.
Trump didn't start as a politician,honoring special interests!  This why everyone is against TRUMP?  END Special Interests/ campaign finance
Drain the SWAMP!
Here is today's GOP-excuses for Russian meddling. Senator-why don't you put country before Trump for once
You have sold out this country.  You are nothing but a corrupt and senile wretch & I look forward to reading your obituary.
I thought you called people who exposed corruption in govt "whistleblowers". Guess that doesn't apply when it's your own party. #Hypocrisy
you need to stop watching CNN, CNN = fake news
Find leaker give gift of prison
why don't YOU just investigate the ppl we know have had contact with the Russians instead of your side show you want to put on. Do your job
never going to happen b/c it will show nothing...Get Um Chuck!
If it's on CNN you can be sure it's fiction.
@ImpeachTrump0 Why so many more GOP on your committee?Do you really think We,The People just don't notice you're complicit?
@ImpeachTrump0 why bother Senator?You just gave Trump and Manafort a big PASS.No Public Testimony or oath;HRC subterfuge-Wow!
@POTUS is known to "leak" things to the press himself trying to manipulate. I wouldn't be surprised if most are coming from him.
....go to jail.  #draintheswamp #TermLimits
Obama had no scandals, now more than can be counted and you do nothing!  We will not let this stand.
Mixed messages, either you are for or against intelligence leaks- which is it? Now you give the go when it's 45's bidding 

Obvious as Nunes
Russia can wait. Why the hell are U supporting trumpcare? If high deductible insurance doesn't provide access, what RU trying to accomplish?
Why are you encouraging people to break the law? You should be asking Federal investigators to investigate the source of intelligence leaks.
You need to tweet that in Russian, they're the ones with all the answers.
Every major news outlet is reporting Trump colluding with Russia except Fox. Stop pushing the #fakenews crap. You're part of the problem CG
Maybe they should leak more on Schumer, Walters, Pelosi, Lynch and  Clinton. That will get some evidence. Just saying.
Epic leadership fail
Mueller is fishing for a crime. This is unacceptable in our constitutional republic.
CNN and Washpost are complicit in the campaign to destroy a president in violation of the constitutional rights. He has committed no crime.
Stop trying to be a villian in history books. Your family (and generations of them) will be forever hiding from your legacy.
BETTER TALK TO TRUMP, WH LEAKED TO TRY TO GET SESSIONS TO RESIGN AN DISCREDIT INTEL AGENCIES!  LIKE THE NUNES  DOBACLE!
Why the hell can't you just request it from the IC? Probably dirty AF and they won't give it to you.
Do your jo  anx dig xig dig
Mr. Grassley. Focus on healthcare or resign. Nobody cares about CNN
you--whoo Senator Grassley. Did you know that Iowa will have no healthcare providers starting Jan 2018. Worry about that Mr. @GrassleyPress
Hey Senator: you know who can ALSO tell abt FULL convo? Your co GOP AG Sessions!! Ask HIM to TELL THE TRUTH!
I'm sure the Senate Intel Committee has seen this entire report & thus wants to call out the leaker for selectively editing their own leak?
Grass's tweet indicates exactly that or what other purpose to put it out there?
U are encouraging leaking info. Doesn't @realDonaldTrump say it is illegal and also fake? Seems to be possible collusion, conspiracy.
Whoa there Chucky cover-up, did you mean to send this as a direct message to @potus?
Its the same as Crowd-Strike being only ones to have seen the DNC server after the supposed hack! Now they've been edited!
When he went after Sessions  , the man you defended during hearings, where was your outrage?  You are a piece of no work!
Remove Trump / Remove Chuck Grassley and the rest of the corrupt GOP / America becomes great again.

#TheResistance #TrumpRussia
YOUR SOOOO FULL OF BS YOU CAN'T SMELL IT ANYMORE
You used to work hard for Iowans. Stop interfering with the investigation. Please do not vote to price us out of insurance. Trumpcare is bad
What dirt have the Russians got on you , Chuck?
I hope and pray you realize that if Bob Mueller goes on a witch hunt and tries to oust @realDonaldTrump with nothing pertaining to Russia...
Will literally ignite #CivilWar and the end of #Democracy and your position of Senator as well as the end of the United States of America
in this climate that you are partly responsible for, leakers are the heroes Your loyalty is to the Amer People NOT the Pres
Congress please realize there are too many Russia connections. Start an investigation
And if the leak is from the WH itself? Will you fervently go after them? Or are there two sets of rules & ethics now?
Why don't you people stop supporting Trump and really get down to what's happening?
Casting suspicion upon the media is a coward's diversion, Mr. Grassley.
We know *you*, entire @GOP are complicit, in deep with Russia! This will not end well for you all because WE WILL NEVER GIVE OUR COUNTRY UP!
FRAUD DEEP STATE CROOKS, 99% LOOTED AND BUSTED VIA FRAUD WALL STREET CASINO .TRAITORS STOP FOOLING US. NETFLIX FRAUD LOOT ENCYLOPEDIA
Have Sessions testify UNDER OATH. How dare you minimize Intel community concerns about this @potus and his team. Do your job!
You have no credibility left Chuck.
When the idiot President asks if he can pardon himself, family & friends, do you really think he's not guilty?  Do your damn job.
speculation is their game. Collusion is their goal.
Senator Grassley how exactly do you not know at this point that #CNN lies all day long about President Trump and his people?
Senator Grassley how exactly do you not know at this point that #CNN lies all day long about President Trump and his people?
Senator Grassley how exactly do you not know at this point that #CNN lies all day long about President Trump and his people?
Americans know this is a WITCH HUNT on Pres.Trump & his people. And we want it stopped right now. We'll be voting in HUGE NUMBERS in 2018..
How embarrassing for your grandchildren. Do you realize your place in history & how they will see you were on the wrong side. #Complicit
Stop the tease?? That's D Trumps specialty!  Coming soon, in a week, by lunchtime. Give me a break sir.
History isn't going to look kindly on you, Sen. Grassley.  Your party is neck deep in enabling this disaster, and voters will remember.
Don't worry, Mr. @SecSessions, our laws only apply to the poor and people of color.  Your #TrumpRussiaCollusion is safe here in US.
Funny how about stop lying then there will not be leaks. Truth will always be best
I love the leaks! Do your job and get this a-hole out of the White House!
I love these tweets.  More for my "Republicans who were complicit in Trump's collusion" file.  Digging their political graves.  WIN!
This is from the so called bi partisan special counsel . Which needs to stop and dismantle . If any republican wants another term in senate
Here is another issue-Trump has those properties in Florida worth billions that he has basically traded with those Russian bad guys
If this info about Sessions is proven true he must resign immediately.
You know the President leaked this, right? It's a ploy to get Sessions out so he can replace with someone who will fire Meuller. Reread NYT.
Who do you think did this? I remember hearing Sessions talk about something like this months ago- MSNBC-maybe Fox
You could've put an S at the end of Session and spelled the mans name correctly, still have 1 character left over, messes w my #ocd
yet you want private testimony for your party's traitors Manafort and Trump, Jr.  This is OUR country, not yours, not 45's.
Keeping #TrumpJr / #Manafort off-camera & complaining about #speculation?
Self-aware much?

https://twitter.com/ChuckGrassley/status/888575540977737728 …

#DaddyPutinsLittleBitch
The Trump jr testimony albeit not public will be on the record. CNN program just now was not clear on that point
When you will investigate Hillary emails ?
You know that's a good idea-the trumps must do that same thing-give us EVERYTHING they have that has to do with Russia/Russia money
Go to the CIA or whoever you have to go to, and get it. Are you afraid to do that? Get @SenFeinstein to do it. I bet she will.
Chuck has been to the White House 7 times since trump became president. Now he is doing trump's bidding by going after leaks.
You MUST start putting country first. This is ridiculous.  Obvious - very obvious - Russia collusion with WH staff. Let's go!
Have a good weekend!
I'VE HAD ENOUGH.
#MSM should be req'd 2 NAME any source who lied, presents deliberately misleading info or criminal leaks of non-wrong doing
Goebbels play book. Years ago we talked about this in USAF NCO Base Management Course. Hope you in Senate/Congress wise up soon.
You're starting to look complicit @ChuckGrassley
Russians have this nation just where they want us at each others throats. When is the Congress/Senate going to wake up. Right out of
Sir; you in the Senate and Congress should invite debate on this unnamed sources...they use it and yell 1st Amendment. Crippling the nation
NEG SPECULATION IS THE POINT.
CRIMINAL Leaker knows #MSM will run w it
Same MO w Flynn, SELECTIVE leaks sound bad...Flynn gone
Flynn CLEARED
Sessions Strong Trump Ally  
Like Flynn, SELECTIVE "leaks" sound bad
Mission accomplished..Strong DT backer Flynn fired
Later..Flynn CLEARED
Keep up the pressure on Fusion GPS.
Call @POTUS for the info. He leaked it.
What have you been promised? Oh sir need to retire, TODAY!
Dude.

Put the leakers in jail.
I'm very ASHAMED of you & the Republicans that have allowed CLINTON,LYNCH,RICE & even OBAMA to get away w/such EGREGIOUS CRIMES & CORRUPTION
Instead U have allowed a man 2 investigate OUR PRESIDENT that shld have recused himself. I ask U why? What R your motives? Mueller resigns
Where is your outrage that a LYNCH MOB w/ALL clinton DONORS is allowed 2 DIG INTO EVERY CORNER OF TRUMPS LIFE.Do U hate him that much Chuck?
IF THIS WITCH HUNT DOESN'T GET SHUT DOWN WE WILL TAKE OUT OUR IRE AT THE VOTING BOOTH ON EVERY SITTING REPUBLICAN IN THE HOUSE AND SENATE.
WE WILL REPLACE ALL OF YOU ONE BY ONE. TO SAY THAT WE ARE ALL DISAPPOINTED IS NOT ENOUGH. WE HAVE TO SHOW YOU IN 2018 AND 2020.
Donald is such a tease!
If Jr and Manafort don't publicly testify, then YOU are covering it up!!! Party before country is @GOP motto. Stop covering!
You're more concerned about leaks than the info. USA is hip to your slow walk and your OBSTRUCTION in this probe.Complicit are we? LOOKOUT!
I think you are part of the cover up of the collusion with Russia.
You need to insist on open hearings on all matters concerning this Russia collusion. Quit covering for Trump, Country before Party.
.keep it up Grassley ,obstruction charges are fair game to ANYONE who assists in the Cover-up.u are no exception. U  are a TRAITOR&COWARD
Using Trumps talking points from earlier this morning are you? Keep it up, people are tired of the LIES!
By making the moves to inhibit the truth coming out, you look like you're hiding something. Let the truth come out, quit obstructing!
The White House leaked the story. Trump wants to slit Sessions' throat.
Ask the Executive to release it.
Sounds like you're covering for a bunch of criminals. Are you part of that too Charles?
As powerful as our law enforcement is why can't we catch the leakers. Can't be to hard to figure where the leaks coming from
And this is important WHY??? How much you being paid this time??
It's coup by the WH to get rid of Sessions.
.@MALCOLMNANCE: Do we have a Valerie Plame-style leak... to put the final nail into Jeff Sessions' coffin? #AMJoy 
This was no leak but right from the horse's mouth!
Why don't u have convo w/devin nunes. Bet he's the WH leak. BTW a chickenshit move in cancelling Jr./Manafort hearing. Doing WH bidding!
Perhaps you should ask the Trump camp. Feom what I understand only 8 people had access to that information and it's not Mueller's team.
@ChuckGrassley you suck! Where and when you going to INVESTIGATE THE CORRUPT DEMOCRATS!? There's real CRIMINALS there!
U.S. investigators seek to turn Manafort in Russia probe
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-russia-manafort-idUSKBN1A70F8 …

MUELLER & USA INTEL TRAITORS WORKING TREASON AGAINST USA
Shut this circus down. You have not done about Uranium, trillions of $ missing, IRS, Iran deal, Holder contempt. RT everyone
Oh it's coming Senator! And you may not be a Senator when it's all done. You should consider retiring before the sh*t hits the fan.
QUIT LEAKING, MEULLER!!!!
How about you call Sessions up again and have a competent and thorough investigation this time? No GOP loyalty.
Like speculation you've levied at @FBI with your FALSE CLAIMS #Russia is behind #SteeleDossier? U R a sad #Putin #PROPAGANDIST! #TrumpRussia
Someone is sharing information without permission with the intention of sabotaging an entire administration. Find them, accuse them, jail.
Did you get the Dana Rohrbacher treatment from Russia? Inquiring mands (not from the 25%) want to know.
Why,  you will shield the Trump no matter what. Collusion was the proof you wanted -got that. Well now that is not enough. High crimes
Due to the fact that your party refuses to stand up to Trump and his Russian minions is disgusting. You, best put, are traitor & complicit.
Asking for bigger leaks now?    Dont say u want to end speculation when you enabled him to keep his tax returns secret
We could have had a much better idea what hes hiding MONTHS ago.  The GOP needs help from the Russians again in 2018
We need justice for media leaks without names. They need to add or be stopped from printing. Free press has got to be stopped if fakery.
@FBI You should be doing these interviews! @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr are hiding JUNIOR & MANAFORT FOR POLITICAL PURPOSES.  Despicable!
I believe, yes, he is. But you knew that 
Clueless.Trump had it leaked 2 get rid of Sessions.Hire new http://AG.Fire  Mueller.Wake up! (if u r not in on it)
You need 2 let this all come out. How will history look upon you & your fellow R's? #CountryOverParty #TraitorTrump
UR causing ENORMOUS speculation! Kid gloves with @DonaldJTrumpJr @PaulManafort AMERICANS WOULD BE WAITING IN JAIL IF THEY HAD DONE SAME!
You are covering the crimes and lies of others for purely partisan reasons. It is shameful, and history will remember.
Issue subpoena for Susan Rice or everything ya'll do is bullshit as far as I'm concerned.
The TRUTH shall make you FREE!!!
Yeah, because we know for sure that the #GOP cannot be trusted to police their own, they care more about party than country!
I'm sure there will be no speculation abt your cover up, I mean, closed testimony w/ Jr & Manafort.If you talk it. Walk it...
LEAKER
Your Code of Ethics
Thank you Senator for your fearless work God Bless
Please do your job, serve as a check against the lawlessExecutive branch and stop shouting at me & the media on Twitter. #Gressleyisajoke.
Did u just accuse someone of being a TEASE?
You aren't even trying to hide your disloyalty to this country. Disgraceful
If you care the least bit abt this country and about any Russia collusion make Jr and Manafort testify in PUBLIC!!! Why renege
have Manafort and Don Jr. Testify a in OPEN hearing.   Stop covering for corruption.
Come on Chuck you know as well as I do who leaked this. Stop acting like a bumbling old fool. cc:@POTUS
And the cover up grows.  The whole world is watching your tangled treasonous mess.
Why not subpoena the Fusion "dossier" creator so we can find out who paid him to manufacture lies? Maybe Clinton hired him?
Invite Sessions to testify under oath
You know damn right well the Jeff Sessions leak came directly from Donald Trump and the White House because Donald wants Sessions gone
We see you, Chuck Grassley!
What do you have to hide @ChuckGrassley ??  Why are you impeding the investigation?  Shall we look into your finances?
You're incoherent. Are you for or against leaks? This one likely came from the WH. If you object, take up with your comrades there.
