You're pretending to be gaga, Chuckles, but you know well adoption issue fronts for work to dismantle Magnitsky Act https://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/complaint-firm-behind-dossier-former-russian-intel-officer-joined-lobbying-effort …
And "a Russian lawyer" isn't a nice adoption lady but Denis Katsyv's attorney. You know this extremely well and you don't mind...
...exploiting it when you think you can use it to damage Democrats, but you act senile when it touches Trump. It's a shameful thing.
Well said. That's chuckles game alright, sharp as a rusty tack on the attack, but I'm just a sweet old man, help me cross the street on D
Glad to know I'm not imagining this.
Once they make that shift, if flys we're doomed And I think @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC etc will let it fly to serve the Kochs via Putin
And Exxon
Exxon is the lynchpin. This whole thing is about Rosneft. That 500B is why putin did this. Trump too... and pee tapes. He wants 2boligarch
Will you apologize and vote to convict when the evidence shows Trump committed treason?
Trump has done so many impeachable things yet nothing, nada, crickets, and then excuses. Horrible enabling while turning a blind eye.
Seriously?? Are you part of the collusion with Russia? Or being paid to look away? #TrumpRussia #TrumpFamilyCrime #CollusionorTreason
Notice how it all comes back to party with this guy?
He's the reason this isn't close to resolution. He's obstructed justice like Nunes and he needs to step down and chairman or anything retire
As
Jr's adoption story is abt Magnitsky sanctions. Can't fool Dems as easily as MAGAs.
Was a Russian intell agent present at those meetings too, Grass-man?
We all know this had nothing to do with adoptions. You've seen the intelligence. Your personal ties to Russia raise red flags.
Did you also anticipate getting dirt on opponent and a business deal in exchange for doing favors for a foreign govt? Did you lie about it?
Did you withhold it from security govt. app? Did you accept foreign assistance for your campaign? If so Grassley you're as f*cked as they r.
Just stop already. Russian adoption policy is a red herring and you know it. How much Russian money did you take to ignore this treason?
It wasn't about adoption policies. It was about lifting sanctions. The Russian lawyer was a Kremlin spy who was trying to give Jr HRC dirt.
Btw I'm not a Dem or a Rep. I'm just a concerned citizen who worries abt the faith of our country. Pls help us restore back our democracy.

Independent here. Going berserk about your #TrumpCrimeFamily slideshow. How deep are you in #Chinagate #WTFComrade?
!!! Chuck Grassley is calling for an investigation of Kushner's #Chinagate https://twitter.com/thehill/status/869194880198864896 … So you'll probably remember...
Speaking of China- did you know Chinese were caught stealing corn technology from Iowa companies, Chinese gov was thought involved by FBI...
Uhm... "corn technology?"
Not a farm kid or one raised in a rural, crop maufacturing state?
Sadly, no.
But you don't lie about it several different ways do you?
You KNOW the intel. You were so shocked you couldn't speak!! Put America before Trump & party.
Someone is running scared, are you saying as a US senator that it is ok to   Let Russia throw an American election ....... traitor
This tweet did not age well at all.
Democrats need to stop calling it Treason. Democrats need to get to work. Democrats need to help #MAGA Democrats need to support our Potus
There are plenty of conservatives who are upset with this rampant corruption and betrayal to Americans and the Constitution. You're not. SAD
Do you agree that a @POTUS veto of sanctions next week would give credence to suspicion of #Trump-Russia collusion?
Iowan here still waiting for your update about Don Jr. meeting re Russian adoptions. You sticking with that story?
Resign.
wants better relations with Russia, what's the alternative War? I don't think so. is sick &tired of hearing Russia &meddling. Enough!
Aren't you too old to be kissing up to tRump? Have you no shame? Russia can help us with cyber security and you are fine with that? WTF
Thank you Sen Grassley, REALITY is all world powers attempt to influence each other's elections since forever! Lets not pretend otherwise!
Bullshit.
You are bullshit and naive if you think that hasn't been going on for decades.
I'm a constituent. Stop protecting the Trumps. No one is berserk. They all meet with Russians & lie about it. You're gaslighting us.
Why is he so loyally defending this admin. Is there more we should know about? Your oath is to America not the republicans.
He's either also guilty or knowingly complicit.
Complicit.
Show some spine - u know it's not re adoptions - its about #sanctions & #electionhacking - why else would they all lie about it #DoYourJob
Because adoption is RELATED to sanctions, he feels he can admit to the one without having to admit to the other. He rationalizes he's honest
Sir this is called collusion. #SaveOurDemocracyBeforeItsTooLate #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrumpPence
I hope you are being investigated as well then...either you are going to be just and prosecute wrong doing or you are complicit..#SCIF
Tbaggers are ignorant as dirt but they do anger well and it takes them a long to to realize they've been lied to but once they do pitchforks
Senator do you believe the 2 meetings are equivalent? Yikes. Rewatch Maddow she can help you focus
So you're OK with Trump CAMPAIGN (not yet elected) meeting with unregistered foreign agent(s)/lobbyists? https://www.judiciary.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/2017-04-04%20CEG%20to%20DHS%20(Akhmetshin%20Information)%20with%20attachment.pdf …
You might want to google Ratio Tweet and then think about why so many of your tweets fall into that category.
That's it isn't it chuckster?? Ur into S&M since u can't perform and Putin gave you a soft supple whale penis mask and whip. So u owe him rt
You know chuck I've never been to Iowa but I bet the pitchfork per capita ratio is real high kid. Your constituents will wake up and come 4U
He took the meeting with the purpose of collusion by definition and to either accept a donation of service or quid pro for sanction relief
That's not what anyone isnupset about. Maybe you forgot the part about benefiting from info about your political opponent from adversary
Get back in bed Paw-Paw. The nice nurse will bring some meds.
What you're doing is giving aid and comfort to our worst enemy. Little old man roll play won't save you If you don't stop interfering ur dun
Now that little Devon nuñes is dun u r obstructor in chief and I don't think you get the lashback of the Tbaggers you've lied to a screwed
How can u stand by while he destroys our country for personal gain? Not just Russian lies, attacks on children, elderly, envir w/exec stmts
Wake up Sen. Grassley everyone involved in the Trump meeting admit it was about more than adoption. #WeArentStupid
FUNNY E-MAILS WHICH WAS NOTHING NEVER LET IT GO BUT NOW WITH REAL TREASON IN W.H. NOT SO MUCH.
You should be ashamed of yourself. And you know it.
Sorry but we don't buy that comparison. We are talking about POTUS !
How about standing up for America and abiding by the constitution.   Voters will love your loyalty for USA
And your list goes on and on.......
Are you an American? You sure don't sound like one.
Spare us Senator.
come back down to earth Grassley
@ChuckGrassley What did you and @SenFeinstein see in that secret meeting that had you so spooked?  Don't forget it.
Your greed and lies will catch up with you.
were u getting help 2 attack our elections? Not the same thing, maybe the GOP should care about an attack on the country U supposedly serve.
That's why they didn't disclose the meeting and why we keep learning about more and more people in attendance?
Well, Senator, what do you think about the meeting now that we know the man you said was a spy attended?
Based on your recent behavior and statements, I can come to no conclusion other than YOU are also a traitor. Russia first, I guess.
Mr. Grassley, millions of #Americans are going berserk as well. How easily you turn your back on democracy
Oh my chuck. You knew what this meeting was about....
Why were you playing defense for DTJ? #notiowanicechuck
http://judiciary.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ …
That's what you're calling it? Russian Adoption Policy? C'mon Chuck, that's so disingenuous as to sound completely stupid.
H/T @spicerlies
Knock knock. Its Mueller time.
Deflect much? #TheResistance #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCoverup
Yeah. But did you keep it secret, and lie about it. Where's your patriotism Goddammit
Yeah that adoption story is pretty well dead.... why all the lies about this meeting?  Why does the cast of characters keep growing?
DT PROMISED MANY NEW JOBS, BUT HE DIDN'T SAY THAT THEY WOULD ALL BE LAWYERS! GOT YOURS?
There's a 6th undisclosed person at that meeting. Who is it? Revoke Kushner's security clearance now!
PLEASE stop catching "convenience amnesia"?!!! When you act this way, you sound ignorant to everyone who is based in reality.
Did you report it on your SF 86? I bet you did.
Russia has Kompromat on you too? @FBI will figure out who is dirty and clean.
You ate a liar and a criminal involved in the minimum of obstruction. How much  $$$ did u receive from Russia & other crimes.
Good times. Good times.
You're a traitor
Do your job!
Chuck:  think PRESIDENT. If this were Obama you would be up his ass with a microscope.  If Clinton... please... you have sold out.
"No leaks....This is how we know we're a real family here"

-Paul Ryan
I guess this tweet didn't really hold up that well.
You are a complete fool! I guarantee you that Russian adoption didn't come up once in that meeting. Time for the pasture you old !
You make me ashamed I have tell people I live in Iowa.
Do you need to revise this tweet with the other revelations? Or will you continue to support the Russian connections?
Are you blind, Chuck? Seriously? You think this was about ADOPTION!? Ok, yes, the Russian adoption of America. Wake up. Man up. Speak up.
Brilliant
At this point, Republican leaders who vehemently defend Trump are immediately suspect.
Say what?! Are you out of your mind? Aren't you the party of CONSCIENCE & VALUES?

#TrumpTreasonTeam needs to be held accountable.

#impeach
You're a living metaphor. Your time in Congress makes you APPEAR Americana, but every day more varnish peels away exposing you as a fake.
Haha yeah that was the conversation... "Adoptions" code name for Sanctions. Don't bullshit a bullshitter old man
Senator, it wasn't about adoption. If it was, then how come ZERO mention of adoption in Don Jr's email chain? #LyingLiarsAndTheLiesTheyTell
Supporting/covering for/excusing traitors is being a traitor, Senator.
We won't go bezerk if you agree to not ignore and just sweep it under the rug.  The TRUTH IS WHAT MATTERS.  You have the responsibility...
OMG, did you know when you said this that the person who you reported to Homeland was in that meeting?
Because, Chuckles, Donnie Jr himself tells us that that's not why he was there. Evem the WH has changed this story. You are a fraud.
This tweet looks dumber with every passing day.
More and more people come out of the woodwork who attended this very insignificant meeting. Otherwise, only Junior's word what was said.
It wasn't about adoption. Is this an old tweet?
Except that it wasn't about adoption policy
white, racist old dinosaurs like you need to meet another meteor, your bought n paid for by verizon n health insurance !
I'm assuming you, also, are a TRAITOR then. SHAME on you, old man! 
How'd they pay you off? 
Sad about how you will look in history books??
And THIS, my friends, is the extent of liberal intellect. "You is a TRAITOR!! How DARE you! You dog darn shameful American lover!!"
Grassley tearing America apart but who cares? Party first.. right traitor?
Resign now, you are no better than they if you wish to cover this up!
Really, Chuck? Did you do it after receiving an email about Russia's efforts to assist in your election? If not, just shut up.
Remember what you wrote in April, Senator? Why are you protecting these traitors? #TrumpRussia
Stop lying. You know damned well she's more than just a "Russian lawyer" - you've said so yourself 
https://www.grassley.senate.gov/sites/default/files/judiciary/upload/Russia%2C%2003-31-17%2C%20Magnitsky%20Act%20-%202016-%2007-15%20HCM%20Complaint%20to%20FARA%20%28003%29_Redacted.pdf …
How much did you get paid?
Was that Senator running for office and seeking help for that? Prosecute him if he was.
http://www.npr.org/2017/07/14/537219554/donald-trump-jr-meeting-included-second-russian … Oh, this is getting really ironic. Be sure to scroll down, Chuck!  
#alternativefacts
Silly transparent scared lying man, you can't fool us.
All of the above and ur opening at FBI confirmation hearing was ridiculous.
Stop. Just stop. You know this is absolutely wrong yet you do nothing.  History will not be kind to you. #complicit #GOPHypocrisy
This is what happens when grandpa forgets to take his meds and gets on the computer. Go take a nap, old man.
considering the amount u get paid o do your job, how can u be so desperate to condone 45s bs? no morals,no compassion,just treasonous.
Shame on you.
The notable difference btwn your & 'Dem Sen' meeting and Trump's meeting-elected vs. wanting to be elected. Not same-same. Complete opposite
You need to put country over party! You know, the whole "We the People" thing you've sworn to uphold!!
Cool story bro.
Party before country! Lies,lies,lies!
Stop trying 2 interfere in my life by 1) telling me what not to do and 2) assuming my outrage is beserk. Your deflection is unfathomable.
Hear, hear!
Playing dumb to defend their sedition does you no credit sir. You know damned well what that meeting was about

https://www.grassley.senate.gov/sites/default/files/judiciary/upload/2017-03-31%20CEG%20to%20DOJ%20%28Anti-Magnitsky%20FARA%20violations%29%20with%20attachments.pdf … …
You KNOW it's not the same.Cut the crap w/the false equivalency if you don't want to forfeit your credibility. In your position you NEED it.
Stupidly, I thought the stricken look on your face after Comey briefed you was concern for your country. Now realize it was for yourself.
Russian lawyer who told them she had dirt on opponent. Are you saying you would take that meeting?  Start defending US.
Senator Grassley
https://twitter.com/Spicerlies/status/885869951810236418 …
It's more apparent the "research" trump was after was delivered against the GOP.
Explains the "loyalty pledge."
Did you disclose it on your SF86 form?
That's not what the emails say. Do u think my father, an amazing human n a GOP, is going 2 buy ur bs. U must have no confidence in ur voters
You know it was really about getting dirt on Clinton. This is treason.
Don Jr. and company didn't go there to talk about adoption policy. Are you dense, Chuck? Or do you think we are? We aren't.
what do the Russians have on you? Little boys? Little girls? Sheep? Cows?
With all due respect Senator, if you think that was about adoption policy...I have a bridge for you. It's fantastic! Literally.
Do your job. Subpoena and hold hearings instead of prejudging conclusions. Stop being an apologist for the administration.
Adoption policy is about SANCTIONS 
Get out of the way @ChuckGrassley
Age is supposed to come with wisdom not complicity. Is blind party loyalty worth your soul?
This is not Dems vs Repubs--this is patriotism vs treason; rule of law vs lawlessness; this is the survival of America vs America's demise.

What??!!
Oh let's not forget the felony omissions on security clearances, attacks on our elections, & countless other meetings, and the LIES
You have lost your soul. You sir, are no patriot. This is wrong and you know it. Country before Party.
Campaign, Chuckles. Not the same as gov't figures meeting with Russians in the course of their work. And not to seek dirt against opponent.
They were discussing Magnitsky Act and sanctions.  I am utterly disgusted with @GOP, with few exceptions. You truly forget you work for US.
Was it in secret? Did you lie about it? Was the meeting supposed to be about Russia helping you against opponent? Why do you support Trump?
Inquiring minds want to know...
You spelled Magnitsky incorrectly.
Trump's a traitor
You are way more trustworthy than DTJr
History will remember your role protecting those that betrayed America.
Why didn't you lie about it for a year first if it's so okay
It's your DISLOYALTY to the CONSTITUTION and the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES of AMERICA you have chosen RUSSIA first! TRAITOR
Sad time to be american. Breaking my heart.

Did your email invite to this meeting include having info on opponent as they wanted you to win campaign?
Putin halted US adoptions of Russian babies when US imposed sanctions under Magnitsky Act. This is abt US *sanctions*on Russia-not adoption.
If I didn't know better, i'd think you should register as a foreign agent. Sure sounds like a Putin pusher to me.
Chucky is a washed up total fraud. Sad to be you...
Sounds very much that you are leading an impartial investigation-How about TRYING to sound credible? IMPEDE MUCH?
https://www.grassley.senate.gov/sites/default/files/constituents/2017-06-27%20CEG%20LOG%20to%20DOJ%20FBI%20%28proposed%20and%20final%20FISA%20applications%29.pdf …
Oh Chuck, you are such a loser.  Do you know what treason is?
Is there anyone left in the GOP with any integrity or backbone?  Anyone?
I hear crickets.
What planet are YOU on?
TRAITOR GRASSLEY DEATHCARE GRASSLEY
TONE DEAF!
Sorry, you're a lying traitor just like your boss.
You know damn well they weren't talking about adoption policy! #CrookedGOP
You are also a senator. Jr and the rest are not and they were clearly trying to get dirt on clinton #traitors
Resign Chuck!
But you reported it, right? And didn’t lie about it during a campaign, right? There IS a difference!
Do u still stand by this tweet?
Doesn't this make you a liar? https://www.judiciary.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/2017-04-04%20CEG%20to%20DHS%20(Akhmetshin%20Information)%20with%20attachment.pdf …
So it is FINE that Trump Jr & Jared REPEATEDLY LIED about Russia? Now we find out other person in mtg accused of INTERNATIONAL HACKING consp
Is that your subtle way of saying you're not going to do your job here?
Chuck, stop with this BS. You KNOW that isn't what this is about. Stop dragging your feet or admit your role in #TrumpRussia #KremlinGate
'lawyer'... You misspelled 'spy'.
So why did we need Jr., Kushner, the campaign manager, and at least 2 Russian spies to talk about Magnitsky?
In order to get the meeting did they tell you the Russian Gov had dirt on yr opponent & that the Russian Gov supported you? If so, resign.
Do you actual sleep at night?
Berserk like the 'maybe her private server could have been hacked but wasnt' or berserk like Benghazi hearings?
Did they lie about meetings clearance forms? Did they lie to reporters & American people about the meetings? Did they launder Russian money?
You met with a Russian foreign minister to give you dirt on an opponent during an election? 

Did your attorney approve this confession?
Did you lie about it? Did someone tell you the mtg was re dirt on your opponent? Stop.
To eben try to condone any of this is a betrayal to the people who elected your sorry ass. Hope its undone.
lawyer defending Russian money launderer in case settled by Sessions DOJ after election and her buddy the former operative. K

Are you complicit too?

How bout going beserk w/all the lies about NEVER talking w/the Russians. I mean how can you defend the lying & who knows so many Russians?
What kind of "opposition research" do the Russians have on you sir?
