.@ChuckGrassley WTF are you trying to say?
Jesus Chuck, check your blood pressure meds, you're not making sense
Delete your account.
did you have a stroke?
r u drunk?
Day drinking?
"Oh, you want to see tweeting? Donnie, hold my drink."
Again in English please. You're even starting to speak like DT.
hello - did someone just call me name?  What is my name?
R U OK?
you, sir, are a hypocritical embarrassment to our state. It would be best if you retire.
#MerrickGarlandSCOTUS
retire
You've now reached complete Euell Gibbons, Chuck, except less coherent.
Obviously a friend of Betsy DeVos.
This reads like a cry for help post-TIA
Better start draining Grassley for not letting the will of the peoples President Obama appoint a Supreme Court justice. SICK
Now I understand why you don't tweet very often.  You  can obstruct, but you can't tweet coherently.  Do Iowa a favor, resign
Is Sarah Palin in charge of Chuck's Senatorial word salad outreach now?
#Bqhatevwr
Are you having a stroke?
are u speaking Grassley because your meaning is murky? Bureaucracy should have all oversight of the Trump swamp, Pres Obama!
I think drug testing may be in order. You're completely incoherent.
 @ChuckGrassley
you are spot on about the murky part
what in the name of Sam Hill were you trying to "say"?

Did @SarahPalinUSA become your tweet-writer?
Huh?
Definitely switching my registration to Republican. Insight!
Twitter acct was hacked, right? If not, wow.
wha????
Me winning not. You do.
#sellout #deleteyouraccount
Is someone transcribing what you're saying in your sleep right now

it is time to call it quits. You are not providing fair representation to Iowans. This has gone on too long. #helphim
our taxes go to men with as little intelect as Chucky Drain the swamp with Wall St Bannon war machine everything's fake news
.@ChuckGrassley You turned on Obama during ACA debate & warned about "pulling the plug on grandma". Now you and Ryan want to do exactly that
Senator, do you know where you are? Do you smell toast? It could be a stroke. Don't worry we're here for you.
HUH???
That's...that's not how you tweet. Also, I recommend you read Joseph Welch on decency (H/t McCarthy hearings). Informative!
This is the worst MadLib I've ever read.

Senator, thank you for this clarion call in these uncertain times.
lol
"Press 1 for English"
are you ok?
Senator, I dare you to make less sense.
It's like he's trying to tell us something, I just know it.
This sounds like someone used Google translate to turn it into Japanese and back to English.
your politics are terrible when they DO make sense, but sir, this tweet makes me think you should seek medical attention
this makes about as much sense as no term limits for senators
That clears everything up. The language of ultimate clarity.
did you have a stroke?
, an actual US senator from a real state tweeted this:
You and the poor are not even good for me and my mom and I have been working on a massive project that has eluded the same
what are you trying to say? That you shouldn't have blocked Garland after all? Or that Senators should have term limits?
Go home, Mr. Senator. You're drunk. @ChuckGrassley
In terms of senatorial discourse, this is on par with Jar Jar's plea before the Galactic Senate
RIP proficiency gone 2 soon
chuck... buddy...
.@ChuckGrassley freeze all motor functions.
additionally it's semi cool that staffers aren't running this. Clearly unhinged old white guy midwestern bullshit
lol holy shit
You're senile, Senator. You do know that, right?
wtf?
Did your cat get onto your keyboard again?
your grandchild hacked your account. You might want to prevent this, it makes you look old and senile.
couldn't have said it better myself
Get help! Know the signs of stroke before it's too late!
Hey @ChuckGrassley, you're weird.
Drugs?
Proof that working to undermine HHS and FDA leads to really bad drugs. Gotta be drugs doing this, right? #InarticulateChuck
Aww. Bless your heart, Chuck.
.@ChuckGrassley Explains a lot.
I'll see your murky bureaucracy and raise you 300 Grassleys.
Oh. For a minute I was confused.
This is like stroke or aphasia level, for all Twitter to see.  See a doctor, seriously.
Quoting Benjy Compson again, Senator?

Dude you get hacked? Even though I don't like your politics you usually at least make sentences.
Are you feeling alright?
am I having a stroke or is it the guy writing these posts.
ask Putin. Might happen faster.
What?
Grandpa, don't get on the computer right after taking your meds.
Has Sarah Palin possessed your Twitter account ?
drain the swap, start #impeachment hearings now
.@ChuckGrassley trump has a little for his office to the supreme council of parliament he says it has unveiled an idea for that he said it.
.@ChuckGrassley why does this tweet read you're just clicking on the middle predictive text suggestion
you mean @realDonaldTrump profiting from the presidency?
what? 

Swamp can't drain cus @POTUS has done good of stuffing the hole with his own personal turds. Reap what you sow.
What I read is "Drain the swamp of all Grassley" and I must admit I finally agree with this pile of dogshit
Pres Trump Make History channel cancel Mud Cats
Obama murky? Trump is murky on steroids. Wake up!
Do you even English?
You need to tag him @realdonaldtrump or he or his aides will not see these. @ChuckGrassley
take the phone away from the staffer. You just tweeted something that does not make any sense
.@ChuckGrassley is that English? They speak English in What?
Today in "What In the World Is @ChuckGrassley Trying to Say."
Pres Trump  Drain the swamp of all Grassley oversight letter in Obama murky bureaucracy
OK. Aside from an overused slogan, I have no idea what you just said.
don't get caught near the drain Swamp Fox
on a scale of 1 to 10, my favorite color of the alphabet is ham.
that's an impressive word salad.  Don't you have subpoena power as part of your oversight?  Use it, or lose it.
Drink some juice, Senator.
this is amazing
GET YOUR STAFF TO WRITE YOUR TWEETS. THIS IS NOT WRITING, ITS A SECRET CODE ON A CEREAL BOX.
"I'm just going to combine all the drafts in my draft folder."
Is this a real or parody account? WTH does this tweet mean? And he's a Senator? Same state as @SteveKingIA . Embarrassing.
I think you're having a stroke. Please seek medical help.
uh, what? Also please don't confirm Betsy DeVos. Thanks.
Time to retire, gramps
Am you grammar letting we down?
Damn Chuck you get bit by them autocorrects??
yoda over here
wut?
Oh. Now I get the urgency this AM! U R investigating the FORMER admin, not the corruption of the current one. #sheesh
can somebody translate this?
that's great. Can you tweet it again?
Don't hold your breath, Chuck @POTUS loves the swamp.
I love how this guy can't @ people
Swamp filling Trump is? Murky oversight.
please resign and go back to your farm... you are not a respectable senator for Iowa and we deserve better
U english write so good. Celebration Huck Assley!
what about #fastandfurious Mr Grassley. What about truth behind Zapata murder connection.
chuck please never log off
taco dog of all these rocks rose bushes. Thank you + merry christmas
please respond to my calls and fax.
It appears you may be having a stroke sir, please call 911 immediately
- pretty sure YOU are part of that swamp Chuck
so, all this time, it was YOU trump was mocking.
whoa dude!  Pres Trump investigate human pesticide poisoning in Iowa stat
never change
@Bro_Pair have you had a little too much "u no what"
Are you allowed to drink at work?
has the cheese slid off your cracker?
idk why this is making me laugh so hard. Is this a known euphemism?! 
<< He's having a stroke.
welcome back chuk,,, or should I say senater grasly
What are you saying? Please to clarify speech swamp Trump things and such.
What the heck is that?
With aphasia?
a·pha·sia
loss of ability to understand or express speech, caused by brain damage.
Please blink three times if you're ok, Senator.

huh
Are you drunk?
Arrest Fraud Eric Holder,Loretta Lynch, James Comey Fraud along with OBAMA. NETFLIX Whistleblower case handed to you
Fraud JUdiciary,Financial, Banking committee by Both parties work for FRAUD WALL ST BANKSTER Terrorists gangs to loot 99%
Fraud JUdiciary,Financial, Banking committee by Both parties work for FRAUD WALL ST BANKSTER Terror
Chuck is this a seizure/stroke? Do you need 9-1-1?
Me fail English? That's unpossible!
That was a rough read. I think I might have to go home early after reading that - I don't feel so good.
Are you stroking out?
congratulations on the random word generator
some solid word salad there chuck
Time for your meds!
Someone get on early start on the single malt?
is that English?
He's using an unsecured, private cell phone in the White House and you're still bitching about the black guy.
resign
wut
This isn't how word clouds work, Chuck
is this like 3 seperate google searches combined into one terrible tweet?
