Suppose you were could write using the proper writing skills you were taught in an Iowa public school?
Didn't you fully support him?  Second thoughts now?  Should have thought about that earlier!!
a little late to be thinking of this
TPP is a joke & @realDonaldTrump was right to get rid of. You only support TPP and ethanol for selfish reasons not USA
Chuck, if you want the POTUS to see your tweets try @realDonaldTrump or @POTUS   Best leave tweeting to the knowledgeable!
you forgot the @potus in your tweet
learn to tweet. And stop supporting with a president who is tearing apart ethics. We will remember and vote you out.
@Keeblerqueen are you drunk tweeting again
learn to use @POTUS
no, he is on vacation again!
@twright55 yeah, because selling out the rest of our jobs is great as long as your special interests are satisfied.
@riverbirdhf @ChuckGrassley @twright55 and going to dairy Queen
Oreo blizzard, maybe cookie dough.
maybe just a Plaine old vanilla shake lmao
that's usually my go to as well.
you fully endorsed @POTUS during his campaign, Chuck, so you gotta sleep in this bed you made.
You DO remember that both @SenSanders & @HillaryClinton also pledged to cancel #TPP, right?
are you incapable of putting @POTUS in your tweets
Good luck with that. You endorsed this prez & voted his cabinet through. And now many Iowans will suffer under your watch.
2018 you may or may not hold the Majority, so the Rep Senate (51) Reid Option everything in next 6 months !
Silly tweet 4 show, Chuck. DJT doing EXACTLY what he said he would re TPP. You are disservice to Ag state. Sad times for IA.
maybe you could've done something for Iowa instead of your votes to confirm cabinet members, you hurt our state this week
proud of yourself for supporting this clown?
can't you just call him?
TPP is terrible thank god now time to kill TISA too
Senator, I have always voted for you, but you and every other R in Congress brought him upon yourselves. He is NOT fit.
Is he going to play golf every weekend? You're fine with that? You seem to have very dif standards for this pres. #hypocrite
you made a deal to support Devil Authoritarian @POTUS so deal w/ #kingTrump not caring about Iowa Farmers @realDonaldTrump
Mr Grassley, I'm a fellow Iowan who desperately needs your help.  Having dire difficulties with the Social Security Adm.
It's OK to spell out words. It's not 1999 with T9 keyboards anymore. Spelling words out is cool.
Tweeting nonsense about how you hope your candidate will talk policy while golfing is not leadership #Shame
that won't work Chuck. Bilateralism can't function this way. Get some of your staff to read up on this.
Does this mean you'll finally stand up to this lying administration? We need integrity in gov. Will you be part of it or no?
it's a start.... you have much more work to do.
but you just sold out our children's future education, and I am to be happy about this? God forgive you your sins, senator
that decision must have you cost you money.
Your tweets are not on his radar. Neither @potus nor @realdonaldtrump follow you.
and what are you going to do about the Trump/Russia ties? Just ignore it like everything else?
If you want him to pay attention to your tweets you need to mention @Nordstrom or #SNL . Ag benefits will bore him.
@IowaAFLCIO Hey Chuck, your people are getting mad!  The terrible bills that are being shoved down our throats, VOTE NO
why aren't you complaining about the cost of his trips? The extra security for his wife? His golfing?
Yes, but will you give the Japanese the same US concessions that were in TPP?
Ha. Like that's even on his radar. Should've considered his behavior and world view before you supported him.
@byrdinator And figure out how to help the auto industry you just hurt by withdrawing.
glad someone in his party said it - TPP withdrawal was a mistake
Good God! You can't be serious.  Trump doesn't care unless it lines his own pockets.  Not so sure you care either.  GOP > IA?
He did just what he said he'd do, drop TPP ( also happened to be what Putin wanted. )  Were you not paying attention?
you communicate w/ POTUS via Twitter?
Ya seriously think he'll talk abt anything other than whats good for his personal biz? You're delusional Chuck. #ImpeachTrump
@riverbirdhf @ChuckGrassley or insulting his cilture
@jmartNYT HA HA, If you never threaten to WITHHOLD a vote on  his "policy" he doesn't give a shit that you are  a Senator!
Art of the Deal Chuck, come on!
@jmartNYT Do your job and get him removed from office before Iowa can't grow or sell anything for 2 gen's or you are Trump

@jmartNYT Oh, Sweetie. He doesn't know how the remote for the TV works.
@jmartNYT really?  He doesn't care... needed you to confirm cabinet and now you are done.  Can't you see?
You all were used.
Yeah - but what happened w/Abe's wife?  Left alone and adrift because - who gives a shit about her? #Shameful
HUNKER Down & Do Your Job.
@realDonaldTrump is DOING His.
@jmartNYT It's so precious that the ineffective Senator actually thinks Donny knows what was in the TPP agreement. #buffoon
I don't really know all that much about you, Chuck, but that's some really impressive abbreviating. Daps.
@jmartNYT With all due respect senator the only part of your tweet @POTUS understood was golf.
- withdrawing was the right decision
Did you know Mexico is already negotiating with the EU to change agricultural import needs b/c of GOP behavior?
Trump is the most corrupt president ever and you are his enabler. Pathetic lack of oversight.
Can you explain why Republicans are ok angering 2 of the 3 top Ag export countries, when you rep a farm state?
That ship has sailed Senator. 

I'm sure you know that Canada, Mexico & China are 1, 2 & 3 in Ag exports.
Good one, @ChuckGrassley. You really stick it to incomp POTUS with this TWEET for Iowans! I'm sure @realDonaldTrump will react to this!
is this your way of telling trump that he got the PM's name wrong? Subtle!
Since when do you advise the POTUS?  ICYMI, we were supposed to be out of Okinawa in 1990.
wait... what's this? Are... are you actually trying to WORK or just trying to keep protesters from the 99 county tour?
Glad you're sounding off on this. There are several issues that will probably require you to challenge this administration.
Apparently a Senator has to tweet at president to be heard? Saddest thing all day. #YoureMySenatorToo
Would probably still have your TPP If Hillary would have won. SAD!!!!!
What do you think about this Flynn thing?  It is pretty messed up.  Maybe Senate needs to do something
@washumom @ChuckGrassley Ya think?
Stand up for America!
y would you communicate this way Pick up the damn phone like a professional & discuss like a colleague.U don't have MSM issue
45 is golfing again already? And how much will we be paying 45 for security's room this weekend? #Impeach45
you endorsed this guy. You OWN this and everything else.
There was nothing in TPP that would help America although was beneficial 2 VietNam. #ReadB4Whining
was good for Iowa commodities
wow, this is the best you have? Coward!
@KrauseForIowa @ChuckGrassley Yeah, you should be worried about Russia and Trump, Mr. Grassley.
nice effort Chuck.  He doesn't follow you!!  You are going to have to do better than that!!
Interesting choice for sitting Senator to lobby Prez via Twitter. Best strategy is probably cable TV.

Oh the ignominy.
That shipped sailed when you allowed his horrific Cabinet to be passed thru w/o vetting for conflicts. Good luck Iowa farmers
senator, thank you for getting the Prime Minister's name correct, certain other officials can't seem to do that.
you have to @ him @realDonaldTrump
we could "teach" you how to use Twitter-be sure to go to a charter school since De Vos paid you for your vote.
hahahahahhahahahahha
Merrick Garland.
I know UR out of touch w/ reality & UR constituents, but if U want 2 pretend to address 45 you need to use @realDonaldTrump
@KFILE Better to make individual deals with countries. That way we have recourse when they break the terms.
@KFILE Lol, good luck with that Chucky, the guy should clearly be in an insane asylum (again)
why don't you respond to your constituents really 21,000?
@riverbirdhf @ChuckGrassley haven't heard back either
I'm sure he'll do that once he's done talking about his poll numbers and non-existent voter fraud. Good pick, Chuck!
With Abe trip to Florida the US government is now a promotional vehicle for Trump's Mar-a-lago
4. Trump doesn't talk about how he doubled initiation fee at Mar-a-lago in a brazen move to cash in on presidency https://goo.gl/3jvvvo 
make you sure put an "@" + RealDonaldTrump, for the message to get to him ;)
There's no way DJT ever reads anyone else's tweets. More of a yapper than a reader.
@byrdinator Senator, thank you for speaking the truth to the president.  We desperately need more truth right now in USA
I might be best if your tag him @realDonaldTrump
it looks less like pandering if you actually @ the guy...

