Why have Mueller when friends with comey & picking all Obama & Hillary donors. Where is new FBI director helping? Where is GOP helping POTUS
I would think GOP would be anxious to get done so POTUS can totally focus on his agenda.2018 will depend on GOP working with POTUS on agenda
No GOP should be talking against the president, they should only be talking about what he's doing right if they want to help GOP stay strong

Clinton campaign launched Russian narrative. Before election they tried branding Trump as Hitler, remember?

http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/04/21/shattered-revelation-clinton-campaign-hatched-russian-hacking-narrative-24-hours-after-hillarys-loss/ …
Putin is the new Hitler. Trump is Quisling, a traitor to his own nation.
No, the traitors to the nation are those who wish to remain stupid for the sake of dividing the country with lies and rhetoric
Like morons who give away secrets to Russia in the Oval Office?
And Mr. Trump has authority to declassify anything. What he declassified was ISIS laptop bomb info so Russia could have safe airlines too
Comey testifying before the Judiciary Committee that there was no obstruction pretty much blows that theory out off the water. Nice try tho.
@ChuckGrassley Can you order the @FBI to investigate the murder of DNC whistleblower Seth Rich? #ChuckGrassley #SethRich #FBI
Please please please
CLEAR? Implying clean, not guilty, free? What EXACTLY? Are you colluding with this moron, who only wants personal profit from the presidency
Wrong to have special counsel when Comey said no Russia collusion & POTUS not under investigation. GOP should never allow this to continue
Act and clear? It appears u need no investigation. What do that have on u
Just to be CLEAR, Senator Grassley, your job (yes I pay your salary) is to follow the evidence wherever and to whomever it leads. Agreed?
FBI needs 2 investigate #SethRichCoverUp who worked 4 DNC & released emails 2 WikiLeaks was not Russia. Shot in back no robbery. Every1cvrup

So you got this from the Uranium Deal files? I'm just saying?
I'm an Iowan. Let's follow the evidence and see where it leads. And if that's your retirement too, well okay. #TrumpLeaks.#TrumpRussia
Some people just want to watch the world burn
You are partisan and more interested in policing those of us who want truth than in finding it. No thanks.
This is 't about "clearing" him, but finding honest truth. You give your uselessness in this away with that statement.
How can you clear a matter you have chosen to turn a blind eye to?
Clear? U can't be trusted.  U think u can do it better & faster than Mueller & FBI?  LMAO  What r u hiding?
Clear? Isn't your job to find the truth?
How about finding of fact, Senator? What if Trump isn't clear, then what, eh? Suck up.
Act and clear? Clear? You've already decided you're going to clear someone? Reagrdless of what is found?
if you have already decided to "clear" why should we trust anything your committee or you do or say? #CountryOverParty
No, sir. That is NOT what you "need" to do. It is what you want to do. Are you publically confessing it? Shame on you. Shame.
How about INVESTIGATING to discover TRUTH (I know @GOP have difficulty with that concept!) instead of biased attempt to "clear" #Trump!
How do you know you'll be clearing? Sounds as though you've prejudged
Clear?
Outcome decided before facts are known?  #Complicit #Trumprussia
Chuckles, that's not how it works.
Are you blind, or were you bribed, Senator? Your words suggest that you are a Traitor. You work for US, not POTUS.
Drac 
I don't trust you or your committee either and now want independent prosecutor, not just counsel! You keep firing people
How about finding the truth? If it clears Chumpski then so be it, but WE deserve the truth.
The level of your hypocrisy has no limit. Your newfound concern over this issue seems too much too late. #stayontheporch
Your bias is showing. Your goal should be to see justice not to clear your buddies
Sen, did FBI confirm that Russia hacked into DNC server?  Who has confirmed CROWDSTRIKE's claim that it was Russians? Was this corroborated?
It's your job to make an objective assessment, not battle to 'clear' Trump. Your first thought should be to the country, not Trump.
Take a step back and follow the facts-not the political party line!  Work for the American people to expose the truth.
already decided to clear huh??? you have just proven how corrupt our elected officials really are!!! Should we all learn Russian now?
he is out of control and will cause the deaths of intelligence.
"Clear"! Bit presumptuous!
You're assuming the T man will be cleared?  Whitewash, Chuck.
"and clear." Seems you have already concluded your investigation. How about actually doing your job first this time? Thanks, a constituent.
Notice those dots and marks between the words in my tweet? That's called punctuation. It helps others know what you are trying to say.
Can't wait months? Cute.

"so we can act&clear" -> so we can act & impeach.
@ChuckGrassley Probably would've been better to end your tweet with the word "act". Adding "& clear" just sounds complicit. #Complicit #Sad!
Hey, grassley...you complicit in this Russia collusion?

RESPECT 4 @ChuckGrassley  speaking abt  leaks & media.  Why won't other R's?  Trump gave u House & Senate, deserves ur support #Saudis
You need to quit tweeting.  All you do is rule up your constituents with this garbage.  You no longer represent Iowans.
Iowans have lost faith in you, Chuck.  You repeatedly put party before country.
Amen to that!
YouCanSurelyTRY2 
goAgainstTheGrain
HowManySeats
HaveBeenAbandoned?
2018WillBe aBloodBath
Senate&HouseWillComeHome
ToDemocrats
U&Ryan=OUT
You should be for America not trump! @RealTimers
Clear? Sounds like you already have your mind made up! @Deanofcomedy @KeithOlbermann
Don't trust you any more.  You are way to partisan and represent everything you promised to get rid of.
Agreed. But all will be tainted if Liebermann is approved for FBI. Too political, law firm represents Trump, no real law enforcement. 
But Fmr FBI Dir Comey knows how many of you are complicit & under investigation & will take his oath & testimony to Sen Intel Comm & public
Dirtbag
Clear? The investigation is ongoing.
Your obstruction will not be tolerated

@ChuckGrassley: the past couple of open hearings, I was so angry I wanted to throw a shoe at you. You, are on #TheWrongSideOfHistory.

Hi @ChuckGrassley - I'd like to report a senior Republican official colluding with Russia's Marakov, his name is "Chuck Grassley" cc @FBI 
"clear"...sounds like you have already decided. I thought we wait and let the facts come forward. Hypocrite!
You want to clear Trump? How about bi partisan investigation ya old senile ankle biter
You said the quiet part loud
I would state, "I will not find anyone guilty of anything until there is justice for all. Bankers for 2008, Bush/Cheney for Iraq . . .
Let him do your job, Chuck - and you do yours!  Keep out of his business!
So you want to clear Trump et. al.  Like I have said, If there is no justice for all, there is no justice for any.  If called to jury trial,
What does "act and clear" mean?  Is it another way of saying #SuckItUp and #MoveOn ?
What federal laws have actually been broken. Only in America would the media make propaganda about government and not the other way around
Go ahead Chuck. Keep putting party before country. You think your constituents don't see what you're doing w/DT as well as the ACA? Moron
Sounds like you got it all figured out! Care to share with the rest of the class?
People are woke.  Read the comments to this excellent article.
The Asst Director can act as Interim until we know what is going on with Trump and with his Senate allies... like you. #Grassley #corruption
Or in the alternative, not clear #impeachment #indict a crime is a crime. Ps your tweets are hard to understand get some help on that
Way to admit you plan to clear Trump whatever happens.  Can we get you indicted, too?
Sure would like to know extent of Russian $ to Trump businesses. You cld require Trump divulge investments if you really wanted transparency
And not just Russian. Turkey. Philippines. Saudis. Chinese. Others? How abt emoluments, too? A lot we need to know, if you had intrst.
Ok. There's also Dubai. Plenty to do, Chuck, if you wanted to seek out truth.
You mean "take appropriate action" right? No? Just clear him even if he's guilty? Ok cool
I'm amazed at the ridiculous comments the left makes. Sheep...laughable sheep
You are going into this with bias and prejudice..."to clear." You're just a trump puppet.
You should be ashamed of yourself and your un-American behavior
Act and Clear?! Good luck with that @ChuckGrassley. Your optimism that this whole @GOP corruption is not going to blow wide open is adorable
Why would you say "clear" senator u til we know all the facts?? Your bias is dangerous!
Pls investigate FBI and DOJ  collusion that allowed Hillary to destroy subpoenaed evidence, her smashed Blackberry! Pls get Weiner's laptop!
Tell ya what. Let's first find out if the guy with the launch codes committed treason. Then we can look at ppl who aren't actually prez. K?
Also who paid for the fake dossier to FRAME Trump so Obama could spy on political opponents?
@FBI @TheJusticeDept hello
Still upset that Comey passed you over for the Intelligence committee?
How about you need to search for the truth. Are you out of your mind? Be a patriot first.
Pls subpoena Seth Rich's laptop, said to have been the DNC leaker, not the Russians. #SethRich investigator was denied access. 
.@ChuckGrassley Re-read your oath of office, sir.
Pls subpoena Seth Rich's laptop, said to have been the DNC leaker, not the Russians. #SethRich investigator was denied access. 
You are a Russian spy
Pls subpoena Seth Rich's laptop, said to have been the DNC leaker, not the Russians. #SethRich investigator was denied access, obstruction?
Hush now, little Trumpling. The grownups are working.
Clear what? There will be no clearing. Trump and Co are guilty as fuck and you know it.
You don't say Grassley?
Hi @ChuckGrassley - I'd like to report a senior Republican official colluding with Russia's Marakov, his name is "Chuck Grassley" cc @FBI 
You're complicit. What does Donnie boy or Putin have on you chucky boy?
Why not find out the TRUTH? Then prosecute or clear as is appropriate. You are the reason that all trees in Missouri point north. Iowa SUX
Disclose the amount of money you have received in campaign contributions from Russians.
All of this imaginery Russia stuff.
You mean act and hide
Perhaps you would like to rephrase this tweet. You want to clear POTUS as soon as possible?
Why was he appointed than?
Treason is the Real Crime 
#TrumpRussia #KremlinGate #SpecialCounsel #Impeach45 #Resist  #ComeyMemo #TrumpLeaks
You've already decided to "clear" before you've completed the investigation.  This is why the public doesn't trust you!
You want to "act and clear?" So, the purpose of investigation is reach a particular outcome?
Just hanging out with my homie Marakov here.
Did you mean act OR clear? Reads as biased.
You can't always get what you want, Chuck.
You are actively supporting the takeover of my country. It's beyond waking up. You guys have your eyes closed on purpose. Squeezed shut.
Well, that's the end of your senate career. Traitor.
What does "act &clear" mean? Looks like u fools R getting ready 2 thwart z special counsel's investigation? JUST YOU FUCKING TRY BITCHBOY.
"Clear?"  Oh I get it. Republican=innocent, Democrat=guilty
Words matter. Your attitude as chair reflects your partisan sway.
Clear? Freudian slip.
So @ChuckGrassley has it all planned out. He will clear @realDonaldTrump before he midterms. #ImpeachTrump #InvestigateGrassley
JudiciaryCom must continue FBI oversight even w SpecCounsel Can't wait months for Mueller report Judiciary needs to know so we can act&clear
Act and clear? So you have an agenda here and it's to clear Trump no matter what. Got it.
time to start work on a budget, tax & healthcare reform & deliver it for Potus signature. Quit with #FakeNews distraction
Is your up to clear or get to the truth? You just showed your true intentions and it's against your oath to office.
Your job is not to clear, it's to get the truth. This is why you can't be trusted.
Clear before the Special Counsel does his work......??????No conflict there. Chuck, you are starting to think like an 83 year old--ohhhhhhhh
"Act&clear"? Not going to happen.
Someone thinks their job is to clear Trump.
Remember when your pal Jeff sessions lied to your committee about his Russian ties? I do. I have some great pics if you wanna see em
What do you mean by "clear"?
Really? That's your goal? People are being investigated for interference in this investigation and you tweet this?
I thought you were suppose to investigate Russian interference? What is the purpose of your committee?
Act and Clear. What the fuck??? Like seriously? Props for not even feigning impartiality. Baller move. Gotta respect it
Coward.
CLEAR?!? FUCK YOU. DO YOUR JOB AND GET TO THE TRUTH, MOTHERFUCKER!
Deciding before http://hearing.how  fair and balanced. Reach deep down and find your integrity and moral fiber.
Clear?  Abdicating your authority.
You're already determined to "clear"?  Maybe wait until you have the facts.
Act and clear?  Let's start with clearing you out!
Act & clear? Seems you made up your mind already. Lets find out the truth, try picking Country over Party to save our Republic!
Act & clear?  Wow. How can you clear if you don't know? Disgusting.
wait, so you are admitting that the truth isn't the goal, clearing Trump is? Good to know you complicit assbag The GOP is a dead man walking

Clear?? You must have your mine made up???
Clear- how can you not he jaded assuming that given all we know. Seems like you are covering your own guilt. You too seem like Besties? Why?
Are you afraid your name is going to come up? You should resign now and spare your family.
Clear if called for, listen to WH for what they don't say and judge accordingly don't be a nut job or blind loyalist
So you think your job is to act and then clear Trump? No chance he did something wrong?
"Clear?" Sounds like you've determined the outcome already. #NoValor
You are showing your corruption with this attitude. You don't care about actual treason just providing cover to traitors. You shame Iowa.
Senator Grassley a clear traitor with his deflection of high crimes by @POTUS
Yea, cry "Traitor" when you see someone go after real crimes angst USA,. Very reminiscent of 1930s Europe.
You should have stopped at "act". There will be no clearing! #Impeach45 #dontbecomplicit
TRAITOR
Did you get into the corn squeezins? Clear who?
That makes it sound like you have already pre-judged the outcome.
so puzzling how you werent so gung ho to hold a hearing for merrick garland
Oh geez Chuck, you're partiality is showing. No one trusts you. You all need to go.
Does anybody know what happened to @chuckgrassley? Were his actions always incoherent and obstructionist or am I just paying more attention?
Then staff and fund that committee properly and get on with the dang thing.
1) DNC Staffer Seth Rich mystery murder 2) Bar owner at WH days before murder 3) Major spying on political opponents 4) Un-masking LEAKING++
Is this part of the investigation?
Please advise.
Nice to see you are going into this with an open mind...act & clear. FYI Chuck, that was sarcastic.

Sen Grassley.. Ogden Iowa Republican here.. we need resolution or there may be revolution. The lefts hate is worse than the South's in 1861
'Clear' what, Senator?
The MSM from all this fake news and make way for exposing the ppl who violated American civil rights...that's what
Ur so anoying it hrts me
DO YOU SEE HOW ANNOYING THAT IS? 
More #townhalls 
#timetoretire
You sir are a traitor ! The people will bring you to justice
Clear? Only clearing you'll be doing if you actually investigate is Trump's luggage from the White House!

"act&clear" seems to lead to a predetermined conclusion which makes the whole "act" part rather suspect, even meaningless, no?
We gave you the whole government. Now Dems and Rhinos are trying to steal our work and votes. Stop them. Enact the policies we voted for!
"And clear." Your bias isn't subtle.
And what are you going to do, Trump Lackey?
Who does Grassley really work for? The global oligarchs like the rest of the @GOP?
I don't trust you or your committee. Your actions are hyperpartisan and obstructionist with a focus on the fire alarm and not the fire.
Yep, more interested in who pulled the fire alarm than who set the blaze.

Nixon would not have resigned with this @gop House/Senate. To nearly a soul, u've been complicit, concerned re "unmasking" vs poss treason.
As you've been asking for for months. Thank you.
Thank you! Please look into Seth rich, he leaked emails to wiki not the Russians
#dundun
