I like you and think you are a good guy up there.
The prayers didn't do shit. Look what happened in Texas today. Prepared to talk about gun legislation now or will the NRA not let you?

This is incredibly powerful.
It's the truth in a picture.
Yes, it is.  ANYONE who takes a campaign contribution from the @NRA has enabled what happened today.  Americans were murdered for politics.
Received $10000 from the NRA in 2016! Bought and paid for! Now, how about that silencer bill?
Shame on you! Blood and lives in your hands!
"Praying for you" is rethuglican for "Tough shit" amirigh?
In addition to prayers, would you consider giving the $9,900 you received from the NRA to get you elected, @ChuckGrassley ?
Your part of the problem chuck #GunControlNow
Chuck Grassley is an NRA terrorist.
You are a bought and paid for murder accomplice. You don't care about the victims. You care about your NRA money.  Disgraceful.
You took more than $50K in bribery blood money from the NRA. You are pathetic. Shove your thoughts and prayers ...Useless and hypocritical.
Shame on you. Your words of support ring hollow and you lack integrity. Stop accepting NRA bribes and start protecting your constituents.
Grow some balls, old man. You're embarrassing real IOWANS!
If your family was at that concert, & shooter an illegal immigrant, "now" would be the time to talk Wall & Immigration. You make no sense.
a lot of good that will do other than to give you an excuse to do NOTHING
Can't even omit a "+" try to appear like a human being. Sick and cold
You're bought and paid for by the NRA, take a seat.
Take action and support gun control laws now! Your prayers do nothing when you've taken money from the NRA.
stuff your prayers. Pass some sensible laws that actually help to protect Americans. #hypocrite
Prayer that God doesn't know you take NRA money to stay quiet. You're complicit in the deaths of those people.
Thoughts and prayers mean nothing anymore without action.  This has become too routine.
Praying for the victims does nothing.  Serious and responsible gun control laws are needed NOW!!  Quit taking bribes from the NRA!!!
"Faith without works is dead." —James 2:17
Nope. You don't get a pass on this one. #ThoughtsAndPrayersAreNotEnough  we need responsible #GunContolNow
Hypocrite-you took $50k from the NRA and are obstructing bump stock ban.  You have wasted your seat in congress. #VoteHimOut
We just keep sending prayers? Do something instead of taking blood $ from NRA
Did you pray before you took the blood money from the NRA?  $9900 for your campaign.  Bet you didn't think twice.
Thanks for prayers, now get to work on actions instead of moving back to BAU with your already scheduled events you've tweeted about since
You should be praying for forgiveness, you accepted $9,900 from the NRA. You aren't blameless! You are heartless and part of the problem.
All NRA Senators have blood on there hands.
Prayers? If you gave a shit about those folks, your thoughts would be with gun control, not accepting money from the NRA.
hypocrit
How much are your prayers worth?  More or less than $9,900? #NRA #NRAKills  #NRABloodMoney #LasVegasShooting
How much are you praying?  More or less than $9,900? #NRA #NRAKills  #NRABloodMoney #LasVegasShooting
You took money from the NRA so your prayers are hypocritical. DO something - vote AGAINST S. 446 #VegasShooting #SandyHook #LasVegas
So how can you take $9900 (non reportable amt to the FIDC) from the NRA with one hand and send thoughts+prayers with the other?
it's time to do more than pray. Do the needful #GUNCONTROL
Do something about it and disregard the influence of NRA.
Do more than pray fix the gun laws instead of working for the NRA!
Praying for your next NRA check? Your complicit in mass murders.
if all u do is pray & take donations, maybe it's time to do us all a favor & leave politics for the priesthood. #ResistTheNRA
Blood on UR hands, you received $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
So, @ChuckGrassley, what are you going to do about it?
#ThoughtsandPrayers r NOT ENUFF, you hypocrite. U took $10k from #NRA in 2016. This #domesticterrorist's act IS ON U. #GunControlNow #WeSeeU
Prayers won't raise the dead and return them to their families. Senator Grassley blocks sensible gun control; he prays with a hollow heart.
maybe you’d like to donate the $9,900 the NRA gave to you during the 2016 election cycle to the victims in Las Vegas.
Shame @ChuckGrassley - Shame on you. You took $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
prayers do absolutely nothing. Pass some legislature if you really give a shit.
you took as much NRA blood money as you could get
shame on you, sir, for taking NRA money. Don't know how you hypocrites sleep at night.
Not enough. Stop taking nra money and start taking action
You are my Senator. "Thoughts&Prayers" won't get it done. #SendBackTheBloodMoney Be a true leader: Help enact sensible gun safety laws. Close gun show loopholes; create better background checks. This is a public health & safety issue.
So...when are we gonna ban these guns like you banned people from Muslim countries?
we need more than prayers, we need meaningful gun legislation, don't be a coward, do what is right, no one needs these guns
NRA 2016 contributions:
Grassley, Chuck (R-IA)Senate$9,900
Pray for your own soul. #dosomething to stop gun violence
$9,900 from the @NRA
Maybe stop taking $$$ from the NRA

Stop praying and ACT!  We need common sense gun laws and politicians who DON’T take money from the NRA!!!!
Prayers don’t make blood money go away. Remember that when you’re in hell.
Your prayers mean nothing while you take NRA money. #emptythoughtsfullpockets
How's that blood $ from the domestic terrorist org, the NRA sitting w/ you now? They are gun lobby shills who promote death.
Are you praying? Must be hard to sleep at night with all that NRA money on your bloody hands
For a man who claims to protect Americans against corruption, you lick the boots of an industry that promotes guns as a God-given right.
until you can have conversations about common sense gun law, you will have blood on your hands. Hope you can live with that.
You are responsible for this, your indifference to serving people is despicable.
You are complicit with this madness!
Thoughts and prayers are meaningless without actions that result in positive change.
"Show me your faith without your works, and I will show you my faith by my works." No more prayers. Do your job.
Tired of prayers. Take action.
pray all you want, but you have blood on your hands.  #bloodmoney #corruptgop #NRATerrorism
if you took the amount of $ from the NRA and divided by the amount of people dead in Vegas it's about $167 a person.
Prayers won't prevent the next mass shooting. And odds are the victims' families have nothing but hate in their hearts for you.
Please stop accepting NRA money in favor of common sense bi-partisan wishes.
What does praying do? Pass gun control so he these guns aren't in people's hands. You're not doing anything about it.
IF you truly are praying for the victims and their families.....THEN DO SOMETHING TO PREVENT THIS HORROR FROM HAPPENING OVER AND OVER AGAIN!
Do you p(r)ay for @waynelapierrejr or does he p(r)ay for you?
Shame on you for accepting $9,900 from the NRA!  The victims don't need your prayers.  They need you to vote for rational gun legislation!
received $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle. #BloodOnYourHands
Empty greedy man
$9900 from N R A. FIRE HIM.. you proud of assault rifles in the USA MR. GRASSLEY?
Donate the cash the NRA has given you to the victim’s families
Stop praying and do something about it, Chuck
Please quit accepting money from the NRA.
Prayers are great. How about action now on the part of congress?
Very sweet. Now, please get down to the hard part — take off the NRA noose and DO SOMETHING.
Then do something about it!! Ban assault weapons!! Please!
you should be ashamed to pretend to be saddened by this event when you are to blame
This PSA provided by the $9900 paid to Sen Grassley in 2016 by the NRA. U HAVE BLOOD ON UR HANDS.
$9,900 from the NRA? So hypocritical! Change the laws, no guns for the mentally ill!
It would've meant more had you not taken $9,900 from the NRA. #tryvotingforguncontrol
Your prayers have saved 0 lives Chuck. donate your @NRA $$ to @Everytown
Not praying you give back the $9,900 to the @NRA. You know why I'm not praying? Because prayers are meaningless. Action, you hypocrite.
Your hands are filthy. Stop taking money from the NRA.
God doesn’t listen to folks like you.
You hypocrite. Sleep well with the blood on your hands
Bought and paid for
You received $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle. Stop sucking up to NRA lobby & protect your constituents!
You took money from the NRA. Shame on you. 

#NoMoreNRA
Well, jeez Chuckie, I don't think I can retweet all these folks that are saying your in bed with the @nra    Party over people
How about you get off your knees and take action to put in place research on gun violence and sane regulation of firearms? Or, keep praying
You take money from the NRA
No you're not.
#SendBackTheBloodMoney


#sellout for the #nra $9k of donations to keep from keeping innocent americans safe
How about donating the money you took from the NRA to NOT pass sensible gun laws?
UR prayers r irrelevant. U took $9900 from NRA & are responsible 4 this tragedy. STOP ACCEPTING NRA FUNDS NOW! Pass gun laws 2 stop this.
Great, now pay back the $ from the NRA and pass some real gun laws. You won't, but one can hope. #enough
when is the time?
and my thoughts and prayers are with the $9,900 you received from the NRA, hypocrit.
Don't take gun money. Might help more then your prayers
Iowa Senator Chuck Grassley received $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
I really hope you turn those "prayers" into action, stop taking money from the NRA, and start working toward solutions!
HOW ABOUT YOU STOP GETTING MONEY FROM THE NRA INSTEAD? HYPOCRITE!
How about you save the prayers Chuck and stop lining your pockets with money from the NRA.  You've got blood on your hands.
SO MUCH BLOOD IS ON YOUR HANDS.  WORTH $9,900 TO YOU???
Bullshit. You voted to allow people with mental illness' to be able to get guns easier. You only pray gor money.
I fucking will 
Shame on you. Prayers are NOT enough. Actions like disavowing NRA monies. Voting down pro NRA bills.
Please list how much money you take from the NRA prior to any comments regarding guns. Make sure to vote how they tell you.  You’re owned.
To hell with ur thought and prayers, we need REAL change with gun legislation. Hope 10K from the NRA was worth, the blood on YOUR hands.
If you had your way these victims probably wouldn’t even have insurance! Why not give $9,900 from your NRA money to help them out!! Shameful
Corrupt words from a corrupt man. Gun control NOW
You accept blood money from the @NRA terrorists.  Therefore, you are one of them.  So shut it.
$9,900 from the NRA? THEIR BLOOD IS IN YOUR HANDS!
But probably praying even harder that the @NRA doesn’t quit supporting you and the @GOP, right?
Iowa Senator Chuck Grassley received $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
How about tightening gun control laws instead of taking $ from NRA
This prayer cost $50,000 folks. "Christianity" does not come cheap.
better go talk to your bros, er, contributors at the #NRA about how you   can prohibit #assaultrifles. $9,900 is enough to buy your silence?
Prayers are great, but action against gun violence is better. #NoOneNeedsAnAssualtWeapon
Returning your $50k to the NRA? Thoughts & prayers are not enough.
Pray and DO something about guns of mass destruction for fucks sake. Praying does nothing. Walk the walk Grassley!!!
Either you have been praying for more gun violence and higher body counts, or your prayers aren't working. Try action instead of just words
You and the NRA have blood on your hands.
Stop praying and do something...except take more money from the NRA.  Don’t do that.
Will you take action to end gun violence? Pass common-sense gun laws.
It' the least you can do. The very least.
Weak. You have the power to make change so you won't be saying this same thing after the next inevitable mass shooting.
Return the money murderer
beholden to the $$$ from @NRA.  You should be ashamed of yourself.
@Chuck Grassley

Return the blood money u received from the American terrorists NRA! Keep you fake prayers, you are as responsible as them!
Their blood is on your hands Chuck.
