https://twitter.com/mattashers/status/862512230448992256 …  your move? It's not looking good 
"Ineffectual and corrupt old man continues to ignore the undermining of his country for personal gain."
Please Senator, Special Prosecutor. What are you waiting for, the Russians to take over the Oval Office.......Wait
You will go down in history as a total disgrace if no action. Think of those that share your surname today and in the future.
Contact fox they did a story a month or two ago josh Ernest gave a paid speech I Believe in UAE regarding security after he left office
Special prosecutor.
Man up oh weasel.
Congressman, I live in Cedar Rapids and I vote. I want a special prosecutor to investigate Trump ties to Russia YESTERDAY!!!
Pardon me, Senator.
"Suck it up and move on." You're not long for this world of lawmaking.

What the hell is going on with RUSSIA in our White House?  And U.S. free press is banned?  But TASS is in the Oval Office?

#TrumpRussia
Blocking investigations on Russia's attack is harming America's National Security.

Stop #TrumpRussia
Come on!!!!!!!! We want a #SpecialProsecutor !!!!!!!!!
Chuck has sold out the country for his personal politics. He's a bought and sold thieving scum bag pure and simple.
Basically, if you are aiding and supporting trump, you are a Russian sympathizer
Grassley=#Trumprussia
You suck it up Grassley. He let russians into the oval office with tass and kept out US reporters. You are a traitorous shill. Disgusting.
#COMPLICIT #COVERUP
Independent Russian Investigation NOW #doyourjob
There was a story in the news ,McCabe to reince the story was bs, and asked reince to call him later, then news stated reince interfering
Democrats threatening to shut down gov. Specials prosecutor replaces rosenstein not comey You keep giving in,,they will continue to obstruct
You will go down along with this corruption administration. Liar and puppet of 45.
U keep posting shit like were not facing a cataclysmic moment in US history. If ur party does not grow up & step up all will lose faith
Fresh Who, W, W, W & Y coming in but move on?
#ImpeachTrump. Suck it up and move on, my Ass! Time for a #SpecialProsecutor and it better be quick. Maybe you're dirty, too?
You defend the indefensible. We don't believe you have best interests of the country in mind. Need indepdnt invest.
https://www.wsj.com/articles/james-comey-had-requested-more-money-for-fbi-s-russia-investigation-before-being-fired-u-s-official-1494433061 …
Russian asset in the White House , US media barred , orchestrator of election meddling Kislyak there , Comey fired - you are complicit
Shouldn't you be in an emergency care center for the can of whoop-ass Sally Yates served you at the hearing? Or maybe a retirement home?
Russia Investigate Russia Investigate Russia Investigate Russia Investigate Russia Investigate Russia Investigate Russia Investigate Russia
You need to ask McCabe to recuse himself from the Trump-Russia Investigation.
Suck it up Chuck. Investigate Trump Russia.
Our so called @POTUS  needs to be impeached--this is ridiculous that he is still running things. What the hell are you waiting for him 2 do?
Public trust and confidence? You, sir inspire none. You must choose country over party and demand a #SpecialProsecutorNow . 
#ComeyFiring
He doesn't care. Chuck would work with David Duke or Ivan the Terrible to get tax cuts for his donors and owners. Country first? Not Grassly
Are you being blackmailed/bribed by Russia?
Order an independent investigation of the Comey firing.
Russia attacked.  @ChuckGrassley helped them win. So sick of traitors. Death Panel idiot.
Senator Grassley it's time to put country in front of party. DO YOUR JOB!
Thanks Chuck, for telling all Iowans to "Suck it up and deal with it," when it comes to their concern over national security. Coward.
rome is burning but hey the greater dsm visitors had a great time!
SPECIAL INDEPENDENT NONPARTISAN INVESTIGATION TIME - no excuses!
That should be PROSECUTOR not investigation
why don't you do your actual job? special prosecutor and full investigation are what the voters want.
Blah, blah, blah, blah. Saying nothing of substance concerning Dictator Trump. #Complicit #InvestigateRussia #TrumpTreason
#russianhacking #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #GOPcoverup #GOPcomplicit
why aren't you calling for a special counsel to investigate the Russian connection to Trump's campain and administration?
How can you not be infuriated by his hosting Russian spy's and gleeful doing so.

RE: #ComeyFiring, I think the GOP will now go along with anything Trump does. I mean literally anything. It’s TIME FOR SOME SHAME THEORY!
while at the same time ignoring the calls from Iowa Constituents into questions of @realDonaldTrump's firing of the #FBIDirector
