When are you going to be in Iowa ? Your calendar is blank, *zero* town hall meetings scheduled. We are your constituents.
Is he here? I know he comes home nearly every weekend.
you mean because a majority of Americans wanted the other team to win?
Not following you on this one Chuck. Patriots put their heart and sole into being the best. Also, they are Patriots. @ChuckGrassley
as sad as it was, at least the Patriots got the MAJORITY score
No
I'm almost embarrassed for Chuck. Not only does he accept a bribe, he accepts a tiny amount.
For many, in my home town of New Hartford, it's not a tiny amount of money
betsy_rioter @ChuckGrassley 
#DeVosvote
Not for me either.  I was just comparing him to other greedy politicians who got paid more.
Oh did they win with an assist from the FBI and the Kremlin while losing by 2.9 million points?
- Let's not interrupt Grasley's hilarious attempts to contact the WH via "The Twitter."
Doesn't he know you have to go on cable?
- We can only hope he has been hacked. Tweets look senile.
you seem to forget Hillary won in points, right?  Senility setting in, Chuckster?
hopefully young voters in Iowa will wake up and send on ur way!!
If only the person who scored the most points in the election actually won the election #popularvote #democracyisnotagame
way to tarnish the Patriot's name by associating them our national embarrassment. They are skilled at their game...
.@ChuckGrassley except the Pats scored MORE than their opponents to win. That would be unlike Trump who scored less. Back to school!
You mean Russia helped them win to?? Thought I saw Pence and Putin deflating footballs @ halftime. Explains A LOT
Please tell us how much$ Betsy devos gave you!! You are an embarrassment to Iowa!!!
Seriously?  What are you, 12?  Grow up.  So unprofessional.
@CNNPolitics @SenateGOP @ChuckGrassley WE WILL REMEMBER you choose money & big corporations over average Americans. Elections starting 2017.
And like Trump's win, most people were supporting the team who lost.
you have lost perspective if you think Trump's authoritarian excesses are patriotic. Do your job. stop playing partisan games
except the Pats aren't going to spend the next two months accusing the refs of being rigged, parade size being biggest ever
will the Atlanta falcons be crying & melting because the Patriots were mean and not nice?  Better start protest
better call an official protest to print out tweets and talk about crowd size. POTUS is a snowflake draft dodger
but he's so much better than ole Obummer or Killary ever were or could be
what does one have to do with the other? You're an embarrassment to our state
tainted, too, right?

btw: my friend has $21601 she wants to donate. Any jobs you can give her in the swamp--I mean DC?
Except for the collusion w/ federal law enforcement & a hostile foreign nation. But hey, never know? http://www.theglobeandmail.com/sports/football/pats-owner-robert-kraft-has-won-five-super-bowl-rings-but-one-belongs-to-putin/article33911228/ …
Oh no! Was Putin involved in the Super Bowl, too?
sad your career ends with support of trump.
.@ChuckGrassley Don't go out of your way to be an asshole please.
where are all your victory tweets??? You just sold education to the swamp-shame on you all
You mean they got less points and still won? #fail #resist
PARTISAN HACK!!!
really? Maybe instead of jokes you should try getting in touch with Iowans. I know many who have some questions for you.
Trump and Patriots - two unethical organizations! But as Trump himself says "Election was rigged!" Investigate!
uh...
instead of tweeting about football, how about you address your constituents concerned about DeVos? #NoOnDevos #HoldTheFloor
Grow up. This is very petty for a government official.
Stop betraying Iowa values! Vote no on DeVos!!
No, that wasn't it. They won, trump stole. And you sold yourself cheap - you must be losing your touch.
Put education first! No on Devos! Iowa is watching! Tired of you not putting your constituents first.
Party before country
I can only hope you're planning on resigning to fulfill your sportscaster dreams
definitely not a mandate
It never pays to be over-confident!  2018 is halftime.  Remember that.
Iowa Republicans your silence is deafening- vote NO on Devos-do your job for Iowa!!!!
Just saw him on tv lying through his teeth and whining about crooked media. Embarrassing. The world is laughing at us
We are a democracy not a Trump one man show
And look at the mess we're in now. #TerribleSimile
I guess my son, whose education is covered under IDEA is worth less than $21600 to my state senator. #NoonDeVos
Hey Chuck, get a fball team for your state. Use some of that subsidized not-farmer $$ to buy one.
I think you're just glad there's another Republican in office with a notoriously horrible twitter account. Power in numbers.
Are you listening to voices of Constituents or ignoring voices of Constituents? Ppl elected you.
Great joke, Chuck. Glad you have time to laugh while ignoring all the calls, e-mails, and letters you're getting.
.@ChuckGrassley So the electoral college, gerrymandering, and Russia helped out Tom Brady? Cool
ZING! Next time message me before a joke. I've got a good one about the Truman-Dewey election.
seriously?? This is how you spend taxpayer time? I cant believe you got another 6 years. You do not know your constituents
Shame on you.
Come on, now. We all know the election was tampered with and most likely fixed....it's a "bad comedy" now starring Trump
exactly the same except for the nearly 3 million popular votes. Patriots earned their win, trump not so much
and you remain a craven coward for not having a hearing for Garland. Shame
sooooooo astute. Sad imagining the smile on your face while typing this. "I'm so clever haha" he thought to himself.
that was a pretty weak zinger. Even for a guy with 1 foot in the grave
Oh really? Putin helped the Patriots too? Vote no on DeVos. I'll be watching your vote. She's unfit just like Trump.
And do remember, "sir", your job is to represent all of us in Iowa. Including the 650,000 who voted for Hillary.
bwahahahahahaha thanks for not becoming a partisan hack like the rest of the GOP. How is Merrick Garland, btw?
And Trump's deflated balls will lead to his tragic downfall, taking those who helped pump them up down with him.
how are our taxes going to a man of such little intellect and moral fibre?
do think it might be time to hang up your boots old man, your tweets are more than often a geriatric episode of mumbo Jumbo
.@ChuckGrassley Things like this are what make me ashamed about having you represent my state. You're better than Trump, don't act like him.
Russian sympathizer
I like how you compare a game to an important election. Maybe we should flip a coin for who's going to replace you.
Really?? Good to ur still around, none of ur staffers seem 2 know when u will have any #iowa town halls...#noDevos #resist
Oppose DeVos. Never DeVos. Think of Iowa's future.
Really Chuck? I do simply despair at you sometimes.
Wow. You are tone deaf.
this tweet of yours is so low class
PERFECT analogy!
agreed. A cheater and a #sad @realDonaldTrump #predator and #dishonest
he lost the popular vote!
Seriously? I'm worried about Devos coming from behind and ruining access to inclusive education. You need new priorities.
what a genius. I can see why your voters elect that keen mind.
On the fence about u, but if there's a silver lining to the election it's that u r proving to be a first class #jackwagon
yawn
You are no longer my Senator.
so you agree that the patriots cheat!
pats not the underdog, though
only has time to tweet about sports. When are we gonna get a town hall?! Do  your  job 
Didn't realize a senator "representing" Iowa could hold few values, emulating a con artist via Twitter.  You own your guilt.
just remember that you said that Trump would be a fine potus
But only one of those things causes me to lose sleep at night. #notreallyalike
wow.
Do you realize how ridiculous you sound? Are you trying to be as wrong & petty as 45 - who lost the election? You'll lose too
you lost your soul in a deplorable way.  The oath that you swore means nothing more than a debt Donald Trump refuses to pay.
shut up, Chuck.
don't you have better things to do?
"come from behind" Don't y'all oppose that?

Start protecting the Constitution (freedom of religion, press), stop trolling
vote NO for DeVos
but unlike yesterday, the winner in November was not a patriot, but rather (possibly) an unwitting Russian puppet
I think I'd replace "unwitting" with "witless". 
Little late there but hey better than never right?  Now Senator do your job n vote NO on DeVos! #whereschuck
this is disappointing Chuck
Segment on you in Future History Book: while people DIED Grassley tweeted about sports and his support for white supremacy
Non-sequitur much? WTH does one have to do with the other, except fulfill some fetish you have about right wing resurgence? @ChuckGrassley
if you have time to tweet about football, you have to reply to 1 of the approx. 20 messages i've left with your staff.
You are wasting the office with childish bs?
delete this bad take
How lucky can we get?
What?
You're a grown man. Stop behaving like a middle-schooler trying to win points w/ the school bully
my goodness these lefties get their poor little feelings hurt so easy #fuckyourfeelings only 8 more years
You should introduce a bill banning elected officials from TWEETING.  Use this one as evidence.
senator isn't himself lately now that he removed the Merrick Garland buttplug from his ass.
Are you retiring soon?
#TomBrady had a rough first half, but now he's feelin #AltRight !
Take @Patriots advice and "DO YOUR JOB". #StopPresidentBannon
but just like Trump, lost the popular vote.
What did Russia have to do with the Patriots??
Maybe so, but Brady won't get a lifetime ban from the sport like Trump getting impeached.
this is a tasteless tweet. #notmysenator
So bad for the country, good for rich, white, straight, protestant males & more americans didn't want it to happen than did?
Russians hacking the Atlanta playbook!
except for the fact the Brady has class and @realDonaldTrump does not.
Real Patriots don't back bigots.
A tragedy of infinitely more dangerous results.
Don't you think points and actual votes are a better comparison?  Please release your town hall schedule.
Tribalism.  You're better than this.
. @ChuckGrassley you should be ashamed for comparing running for president to a  game. One has serious global consequences one does not
Only difference is the Patriots had GOAT leading the effort
Repubs keep saying 'get over it' but you keep rubbing it in. So which is it?
@sahilkapur gee I've never heard that before! Confirms my belief about old people and twitter
except Bill Belichick spent his time studying at his job instead of picking out tacky Clinton-era window treatments
except the Patriots never tried to blame muslims for deflate gate.
ugh
retire please
except Tom Brady does not take his marching orders from Steve Bannon.
except Bill Belichick does not want to put incompetent ideologues in charge of my daughter's education funding.
@joniernst Except the Patriots weren't still down by 3 & won by AP poll (I.e., Electoral College). #VoteNoDevos
Except Bill Belichick does not want to take my healthcare away and erode American values.
Are you serious? Last time I checked HE LOST the pop vote as have you. Enjoy your last term.
@seungminkim   Yes, but the ramifications of @POTUS win are much more devastating. #NoWallNoBan
About 14 hours late Senator
little late to the analogy bro
do you think you're being original here?
@sahilkapur   Only the Patriots didn't need help from Putin. By the way, how's that investigation going?
difference is @Patriots won hearts and had higher score. The #Fake @POTUS lost by 3 mill. And keeps losing more #RESISTANCE
did they need help from Comey, Putin, #Crosscheck, election fraud?
The Russians helped the Patriots win? @sahilkapur
tie yourself to Trump and find yourself tied to wrong side of history. Is it really worth it ?
Thanks Chuck!
that is an astute observation Senator, let's hope they don't follow up the win by nominating DeVos for Sec of Ed
@sahilkapur Did the Pats "win" with 3 million fewer points?
Patriots came legitimately, not bc an unprecedented intervention of a FBI director who went out of his way to elect Trump.
so it was rigged?
Hey Chuck, your douchebaggery is showing.
@seungminkim Wait for impeachment!
any more fangirling pics with DUMA guys?
The big difference is that Putin didn't rig the contest for the Patriots.
chuck, thanks
millions fewer celebrate both
if you had any respect for the #Constitution you would resign now #MerrickGarland #SCOTUSnominee
not like tramp at all. The Patriots didn't have Russian help.
minus the Russian hacking & losing the popular vote by 3 million right?
this joke's been made. Let me suggest a better use of your time: grow a spine and stand up to Trump's constant lying
for instance, do you really think the press is lying about Trump's approval ratings?
no it's not like that. 2nd place doesn't win in football
I think you might be the first person to point this out.
good shit
Lukewarm take.
so in eight days Brady will announce that all Redskins are banned and a billion people were in the stadium? Ban? Who said ban
