Great! Now investigate URANIUM ONE corruption! Please!!!

Hill's loss does not pardon her or Obama admin from facing justice!
I feel like I'm in a bad dream. Why doesn't anyone care out this???
Because it’s bullshit.
Ahhh are you sad! Bless your heart in backing the criminal elites!
Not a Hillary fan, nor a backer of “elites”, but that whole uranium thing is pretty much disproven. But don’t let that stop you. #MAGA on!
With the new information coming out, I will wait and see. Also snopes realy
Ok, this then:
Really excellent explainer by @RosenzweigP on the Uranium One transaction and CFIUS process. Cuts through the bull. https://www.lawfareblog.com/unpacking-uranium-one-hype-and-law …
#1:Let Bipartisan investigators  decide
#2:There was no reason 2 approve deal giving 20% control 2 Russia
#3:Obama could have rejected deal
But it won't protect anyone who took Russian money right?
They will need all the help they can get since you are taking away their health insurance and making them pay more for it and higher taxes.
Glad to hear this! I work these type cases (financial exploitation). They are very disturbing.
I believe elder abuse is far more prevalent than we thought.
I know elder financial exploitation is. It’s hardly ever reported or prosecuted. The victims are too embarrassed.
Now we need a law to stop GOP tax plan and assault on poor and seniors. Do your job rich doesn't need tax cuts poor people do.
#TrumpIsScum #TrumpIsScum #TrumpIsScum #TrumpIsScum #TrumpIsScum #TrumpIsScum #TrumpIsScum #TrumpIsScum #TrumpIsScum #TrumpIsScum
Of course, they’ll have no food or health care, but hey! That’s not abuse, right, Chuck? After all, you have yours.
Someone need to Kock some Sense in You! So you do Your Job or Quit! Stop Blocking Trump/Russia Investigation!
Kiss his rump Grassley, kneel and vow to be a good servant. You’ve sold your soul old man.
Nice work. Now..... PLEASE ASSIGN A SPECIAL COUNSEL TO INVESTIGATE URANIUM 1 PAY FOR PLAY SCANDAL IMMEDIATLY.
Like from you when you throw them in the streets
Abuse is also elders worrying EVERY day that retirement SS/Medicare will be taken away or reduced as 'entitlement'.
Thank you Sen. Grassley for this legislation. Please consider legislation to combat age discrimination. Thousands in the tech industry.
Thank you President Trump
This is a very important law Thank you Senator Grassley and POTUS
Lock Her Up
#MAGA with @POTUS & some Gr8 republicans in Congress. I just wish they wld ALL get together.
F-ING #TRUMPSCUM #SHAME
Thank you. In addition, nursing home staffing needs attention. I have seen the ratio of healthcare workers per patient go down tenfold.
Thank you!
@LindseyGrahamSC @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @SenatorLankford @SenatorBurr 

Comey & Mueller are two dirty men!
After he throws them out of their nursing homes
Trump and his cronies are playing you as a fool.
Please do not Stop investigating Uranium One deal senator. The country deserves the truth!
He’s gotta protect half his voting base. Will you be pushing a racist abuse protection act next to cover the other half?
Give nursing home workers respect and pay deserved. Can't retain good help so patients suffer.  Stop trying to dress up a pig.
NOW HOW ABOUT GETTING BEHIND DJT 100%&GET GOING ON AGENDA&ROUNDING UP GVT CRIMINALS!
That's great, hopefully you can help in getting our tax plan through, we really need our Co's to grow jobs, jobs jobs. Thanks Senator
#MerrickGarland
@ChuckGrassley thank you for introducing this bill. Our elderly have been subjected to so many horrific abuses. They need to be protected.
Senator Grassley is not my senator, but I think he's one of the best out there.
Thank you!!!Happy to be a senior
So when r u gonna drain swamp ? Rosenstein, mueller involved w uranium deal the real Russia collusion ? Mueller r u kidding
Muller was in charge of delivery of the uranium deal to the Russians. The plot thickens.
Yup and Rosenstein was the prosecutor looking at case . These ppl think we r stupid
Congrats ! very important especially in hospitals &nursing homes  family member must always be present or else they r knocked out with pills
Here comes the elder abuse.
Thanks, for getting that done.
Jeff Sessions is weak & needs to go.our whole Justice Dept & FBI is CORRUPT CONFLICT needs to end.Rosenstein & Mueller need to go. Good Lord
I NOW UNDERSTAND WHY DEM/SOCIALISTS DON'T WANT THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE TAUGHT IN SCHOOL, "AND JUSTICE 4 ALL
So how about voting yes on some of his priorities.
Just in time for your retirement.
What about those being abused by the elders?
Same party that wants to eliminate health care for millions. Reducing medicaid will kick people out of nursing homes. You know that, right?

But join with him in taking their Medicaid away. Good job !
Yay!

Where can it be read @ChuckGrassley ? Any elder abuse protection act is something I am very interested in. Thank you!!
That would be you and half of the congress and senate Chuck.., #Draintheswamp

What about protection for us from abuse by senior citizens such as yourself, Chuckles? Tax cuts for wealthy and no insurance will kill us.
Are you sure he knows what he signed?
Not if there isn't funding for elder home workers.
But when are you going to hold a Committee vote on releasing transcripts from Fusion GPS testimony by Glenn Simpson?

@SenFeinstein
Hey .@chuchGrassley it's still okay in Iowa to abuse the HealthCare System?
#RepealObamacare #EndEthanolMandate

Trump's behavior towards the Senate has been elder abuse.
How long are you going to let Trump disrespect military families and from embarrassing this country?

This is so ignorant, this was Obama’s stunt
And when is he going to sign the Russian sanctions? The Republicans sure look like traitors.
I'm glad, too.  Now, pretty please, with a cherry on top, get those Obama folks on the Uranium One/Bribery crimes.  Thanks.
Trump's conspiracy folks just love this Bull Shit
Good. Now denounce the SOCIOPATH in WH. u should be ashamed.When he does something that cost lives, It's on you & rest of cowards in GOP.
So does that mean that cuts to #Medicare won't appear in the Budget? That is most definitely elder abuse.
Thank you @realDonaldTrump 
Should be applied to you.
Will it help the abuse of Congressmen? http://www.politico.com/story/2017/10/18/thad-cochran-says-not-retiring-senate-243918 …
Are you going to do anything about Presidential abuse of Gold Star families  or are you as craven and corrupt as the  rest of the GOP?
Did u rant when O baby threatened James Foley family to NOT RAISE FUNDS FOR HIS RELEASE before he was beheaded, too?  Or was that ok?
Same @GOP that takes healthcare from childen and wants to kick elderly from nursing homes.
Of course he did .. He's older than dirt && he knows Karma is coming for him!
What about the abuse we r taking from Trump? Can you fix that?
Did he know what he was signing? This is great news.
Thanks from a native Iowan.
Senator Grassley, can you please send out a working link to your bill. I'd love to see how the bill could affect our readers in Mid-Mo.
Can you also address what and how did does in regard to @potus law that revoked nursing home patient rights to sue?
Trump should sign after you covered up for Kushner
atta boy senator
Yeah well how about @POTUS abandoning American people, do you defend this Mr. Grassley.
Puerto Rican residents demanded  investigation of Mayor/officials not #POTUS!  You'll be glad to know FBI is on it
Yeah I wouldn't believe a word coming from a Breitbart reporter or a Fox News rag.
But you believe CNN... The lowest rated "news" organization.   Sounds like something only a #bot would say.
How about straight from the mouth of Puerto Ricans? BOOM! 
Wouldn't believe anything from Sinclair propaganda systems. Used to work for them nice try :)
Good job today, keep on the plutonium one conspiracy.
