Ask him when will he release his taxes? The Pres is Bat Shit Crazy so good luck with that. Maybe if you last name was PUTIN
ANSWER MY PHONECALL
Likely we're paying AUS back for something wrong we did & they're the victims. Quid pro quo.
why didn't you make a GD fuss about it when Obama did it. it wasn't like it was a secret!!! You all are an embarrassment
u have a point , let's see what obama has done to hurt us ?
Try to gin up support 4 Trump's diplomatic blunder? Excuses, old man. Iowan here, I'll remember your support of traitor Flynn
why didn't the "most transparent administration in history" declassify it? #GarbagePolitics
@POTUS @FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino @StephenBannon
You are a joke. There was nothing secret about that deal. Maybe if you did your job you'd be on top of things like this.
we only care what president trump says he is our voice, 2/2
Trumps ties to Putin need to be declassified!
if they had ties YOU CAN BET THE DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS WOULD LEAK THEM! There's nothing
Calm down and tell us why you're so protective of Russia lately. @ChuckGrassley
Secret agreement between Obama&Australia 4US to take Aussie refugees shld b declassified/If can't be tell me why/WH:ANSWER MY LETTER
ya now you know how we feel when we ask YOU for answers; need to know is apparently not yours yet...
@realdonaltrump  Trump wants to be remembered as a KING.  TOO BAD not Martin Luther KING  Keep reminding him we're a REPUBLIC
LOL I love how u throw Obama's name in there just for partisan attack sake even though it's TRUMP'S WH not answering u...
PERHAPS the public does NOT need to know each little detail. Tends to get inflated andbecome left wing rallying cries
ChuckGrassley you need to.go home for sure.   Too old to be doing this stop now and go home.
love all these tweets !
conflicts of interest, mental impairment of Potus, Russian interference? Let's focus on issues that matter.
GRASSLEY/ANSWER YOUR PHONE
don't you have a farm to mow with your three lawn mower shish-ka-bob?  #term-limits. #retireat80. #makeiowalookgreatnot.
7 tweets?  Drunk? Bored? Or an attempt to create late.
C'mon Senator. Do your job! Flynn/Russia/treason/tax returns more important than immigration
Really ur worried about this & not trump's treason.
. Trump is working hard for America. Drain the swamp. Term limits please
Senator really? Your  disrespectful
how about you call him up or go there? Instead of Tweeting, get off your butt and go there and ask.
@PROTUS @VP The White House should give you an appointment as Adjunct (every Friday) Poliical Advisor or Counsel to PROTUS
I'm on board with this, but FYI all caps don't work on the President lol. But what O did should be brought into the light.
You're not a good twitter troll. Stop before you embarrass yourself further. @ChuckGrassley
Hey @ChuckGrassley why don't you move the hearings along for @SCOTUS nominee. #DoYourJob The @SenateGOP needs to move faster!!!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Did you bother to send it to him? Pretty easy to do
NOYB  Original letter was between President and foreign country.  Current discussion is between President and foreign country
After 8 long years,you've finally found some cajones & can demand the White House release this information?
@realDonaldTrump
SO WHAT, WHAT EVER OBAMA DID WAS AGAINST OUR NATION!
Did you lose the WH phone #? Why the publicity?
I'm with Chuck on this one Donald! Anything Obama did with potential terrorists coming here I want Congress aware of!
Why didn't U push Obama about this? He made the agreement, not Pres. Trump. Dems could teach U about about being team player
And they knock President Trump for getting mad about a secret deal The American People are against!
Time to retire and do some Life Alert commercials, Senator.
Is the the only way you can get Trump's attention? Kellyanne says put it on tv; seeing the shows gets his attention.
No nexus between our defense & care of their refugees, save a concession for operating from there. Not a smart deal- kill it.
@ReversingASD That was not secret!  Wow. It's one lie after the other.
pretty sure he doesn't care what you want
Tell him how handsome n big hand he has then u can grab his attention or
.@ChuckGrassley Ryan and McConnell seem to have the President's ear.  They sure aren't listening to constituents. Have them ask.
It really sucks when you're asking for something & no one gives it to you, isn't it my representative?  Fucks to be you.
If the current pres gets to be classified with his information and deals why cant Obama?
other than specific names there's really no reason for that to be classified at any level
better yet turn down the bad deal and refuse assie refuge America first
declassified? Why DeVos has investments that are a conflict if interest. #joniernstoneterm
. @ChuckGrassley Kinda sucks when you're ignored by someone who is supposed to represent you, doesn't it?
Not getting a response?  Now you know how your constituents feel when we call and write, with NO accountability from you
by accountability, we mean taking in new and/or accurate info, and adjusting path forward.
Address Miller's denouncing judiciary & supremacy of POTUS & Flynn undermining our security!  GOP better stand up to Pres.
at least Australians don't make a habit of shooting each other. If it's classified how come u tweeting it anyway?
shiny object, shiny object! Grow some, Chuck! Deal with the bigger issues. And listen to your constituents.
not Aussie refugees. They are not fleeing Australia and will never settle here. Deal was published to stop more drownings.
why don't you call him? Or @KellyannePolls let's be adults again please. @nielslesniewski
I'm all for transparency and accountability, but practice what you preach.  DeVos was awful and you ignored us Iowans.
They don't answer you because you don't mean enough to them. Keep tweeting.
WH ghosting you, Chuckie. btw US/Aussie refugee agreement was public knowledge over a year ago.
I notice nothing was said when Obama made the agreement with Australia. More insanity for Trump to clean up...
only after you get Trump's taxes....
it was the paperwork you did not get to, just after the Merrick Garland SCOTUS nomination
Wow, your Republican president won't answer your letter. This is really, really pathetic.
It's not an Obama- Australia agreement. It's a USA- Australia agreement
@StevenTDennis bc he hates you
You attack TRUMP at your peril!  It is folks like you make up the DC Swamp! Get with the program or DIE!!!
This? This is the part that worries you? God, we're doomed.
How about you tell the people what happened behind closed doors with 42USC10609 and who sold out the 911 families
Do your job. Oh, and read the newspapers.
.@ChuckGrassley so many, inc. US, in human rights advocacy was searching for a way to solve this problem with Australia. Don't play dumb
wonder why you weren't this vocal when Obama was doing it??? Just saying.....
Obama stopped immigration entry 19 times...not a word from the left. Hypocrites. Just sayin...
Gee Chuck, how secret is it.  It was in all the papers. I'd think your buddy in WH would tell you all you need to know
glad to see the @POTUS treats YOU the same way you treat US. See you at your townhalls!  #youworkforus #iaresist #resist
all you have to do is @realDonaldTrump
You have been my Senator long enough that I know this is BS.  DeVoss vote, Elizabeth Warren shaming...your legacy destroyed
who cares about ozzies?? #Trumprussia <------YOUR SOLE FOCUS
the head of your party is mentally ill and you're still tweeting about Obama?
omg why r u worried about Australia, mate?!  Out of all the bs happening this is the issue u pick?
no concern about radical Islam invasion around the globe? Butchery.mutilation.rape.slavery. murder..no problem 2 U
Put your tweeter away and investigate FBI impropriety, Russian involvement, and conflicts of interest.
where was your outrage when Obama was president?
Obama? Look at our racist, white, male, supremacists who are running country! Back to the 50's makes America great, ugh!
Still worried about Obama. ANSWER YOUR CONSTITUENTS as to why you're doing whatever trump wants.
Chuck, not to be critical but you need to address a tweet ie @POTUS or only you and your followers see it. #amateurnight
You need to update your profile pic to better reflect your advanced years.  Here's a more recent shot. You're welcome.
these tweets are starting to sound kinda whiny... #DoYourJob
Demand investigation/accountability: 1/28 #YemenMassacre!#CPORyanOwens & 8-yo AMERICAN girl killed. Attack ordered w/NO INTEL
Really? You're still going after Obama? Is Trump still offering you an ambassadorship somewhere?
Perhaps the White House will answer yours when you answer your constituents. Also, you're a senator, use correct grammar.
Agreement was made by Obama,why didn't you know about this agreement?
Obama is no longer #POTUS. Do your damn job & #StopPresidentBannon . #NationalSecurity is in danger with this administration.
This is pathetic. Will Senators have to start using picket signs to to send messages to their party's President?
Worry less about Australia and more about IOWA!
.@ChuckGrassley Maybe you should demand investigation of something that matters, like Russian election meddling, & the Admin's involvement.
Let's start with all the illegal stuff that happening now with your current president, shall we???
"Let me count the ways"
Maybe your letter was as illiterate as your tweets so no one understood it.
Tax Returns must be shown!! What is he hiding??
Please declassify Iran deal, Haiti fraud, Obama's ISIS deal, Hillary's emails & Fast & Furious doc. We deserve to know!
Are you getting a sense of how frustrating it is to not be heard? Surely you understand, now, how your constituents feel.
leaves a bad tast in your mouth doesn't it
thank you sure! Glad someone is standing up to this man.
Don't blame Trump for this one! WH may have no answer. @POTUS
Senator Grassley, as an American citizen, I can not tell you how much I appreciate your candor&desire for Gov't transparency.
answer are phone calls and emails!
Chuck it's time! You need to go to the White House! Remember like they did with Nixon!
Chuck it's time to tell the president!
thanks keep up good work
dude don't you have his phone number ?
I thought all Republicans in Congress were lock step behind Trump. Ur tweets indicate ur not happy with him. True or false?
Do you know about hashtags? Like @potus, @realDonaldTrump @PressSec. U could also phone - if they r accepting calls
why don't you answer our letters when we wrote, emailed, and called daily letting you know to vote no on De Vos???
Why tweeting? Is this real? Work with your GOP peers and investigate this WH staff for ties to Russia. Work for us.
I agree. Legislatures have to know this information
are you telling me the White House isn't taking calls from Senators? They seem so transparent and on top of things though...
Go play w/ your toy soldiers and flags. Yu know nothing about patriotism or love of country. Fraudulent
STOP squandering our hard earned $$ in freebees to foreigners!
RESPECT American taxpayers.
We pay your salary.
I believe he was saying the same thing you wanted.  @ALakerfan78 @ChuckGrassley
do your job and maybe you'll get some attention. Start the confirmation process for Merrick Garland! See you in Iowa Falls!
see you there, bet he cancels
Stay on them Chuck!  Let's see this great deal they agreed to.  Transparency was never their strong suit.
when did cowardice become socially acceptable in men Senator?
actual sociological question.
it's 1200 refugees, Chuck. IA alone takes in more than that in a year. Stop freaking out, learn about your new neighbors.
open your wallet, Deep, you must like to spend money.
USA took in over 70k last year. 1200 won't cost much.
also, most refugees coming into Iowa are not middle Eastern, but Burmese and Nepalese.
#doyourjob #MerrickGarland
with all due respect .. is this the most important issue to investigate right now? Don't we have larger concerns?
fake outrage from fake Senator
Gov Robert Ray had the character and political will to offer refugees of Vietnam a home amongst us this is the same thing
this is how it feels to get no response from ur elected rep. Like your form letters to constitutes.
.@ChuckGrassley Well, it'd help if you started tagging @WhiteHouse or @POTUS in your Tweets. Or, you know, just walk down Pennsylvania Ave.
Demand his tax returns, Chuck.  That'll get his attention.
Thx fr addressing  Australia crisis.  What abt the Nat'l Secuity Adv on tape w/Russia in Dec? #Flynn #ImpeachTrump
Chuck, this is very disturbing, has someone hacked your account?
pretty frustrating when you can't get answers that make sense from your elected officials huh?
investigate Trump's ties to Russia. And make him release his taxes. Do your job and get some morals and ethics.
maybe you should lay off the steroids
Ha! You expect responses to your tweets? Why didn't you respond when I asked why you were having breakfast w Putins $ man?
Love it! Keep it up Senator & THANK YOU FOR BEING OUR VOICE. We are PROUD of you! 
are you high?
you're senile
So you're saying #Trump disclosed CLASSIFIED data? hmm...Sounds like someone needs to be investigated! #ResistTrump
Does Chuck really think a staffer searches for all tweets with "WH" in them?
OR
Empty threats to please tech. adverse base?
Your tweets this weekend are disturbing.
riddles wrapped in an enigma, totally dark opaque, asking to transparency and accountability from presT.Mad ol' fool
This isn't the White House Chuck. Or a letter. @ChuckGrassley
if you tag @realDonaldTrump @POTUS or @PressSec you'll have better luck...garner support for your President
Hey, @ChuckGrassley probably tweet at "whoever runs the WH twitter" more instead utilizing the fact that you're a UNITED STATES SENATOR.
I'm more interested in Trumps ties to Putin #TaxReturns #Resist #Persist
Rockstar isn't doing his job. DT ignoring grassley & senate as usual. Senate hasn't licked DT's boots yet.
They confirmed @BetsyDeVos, who isn't qualified to be a volunteer part-time teacher's aide. They're licking plenty.
Take action against Flynn & Putin
are you not getting it?  The WH doesn't care what you think.  Fewer "UNI" games, more hearings.
YOU. ARE. A. SENATOR. You can just go to his goddamn office! Not that this is what you should be focusing on...
chuckles are you ok
Sit down
Wait, the WH line is down?!?! @POTUS
