you are a joke, and I am sorry to admit I am from Iowa because of you! I think you've been in office 25yrs longer than needed
I am thinking of leaving Iowa. Don't want to be associated with this regressive  
A patriotic President would have prayed for soldier lost under his command and others in danger not TV ratings. True colors.
I was heartened to see the important message he shared today. Very moving stuff about his old TV show. Riveting.
prayers won't help- lots of people speaking up for democracy n freedom n equal rights will. Resist & Fight Back!
He can speak the words but his actions as president have been anything but "Christian".

Trump is a prosperity Christian; not a salvation Christian
He's materially wealthy & spritually poor
He is not saved 
love how we're just picking and choosing which traditions to continue under this new admin
With all due respect, you're making a fool of yourself, Senator. Represent the best of your people, not the worst–DUMP TRUMP.
what is more important, children's education or party? #DumpDevos
and he was an asshole as usual.
and it was idiotic
I think he missed the point.
Did you join the applause when he promised to destroy the Johnson Amendment?
The best part was the crowd size.  He's an inspiration to himself.
You poor senile man. You are what's wrong with our government.
And talked about The Apprentice ratings. THIS IS NOT HIS "REALITY" SHOW!
he took the podium, but did not talk anything about religion. Obama did talk religion, however.
And Ask for prayers for #Apprentice? I'm so ashamed of Trump. Please #ImpeachTrump
And how gross it was.  What makes him any less of a joke than he was called by you all in the primaries?
Why do you not see this hypocrisy for what it is? Laying his hand on a bible 13 days ago was a close as Trump ever got to one
but he was so very embarrassing for the party.
was this before or after he asked for prayer for the Apprentice and cursed during his invocation?!??!?
And WOW, we he a fucking embarrassment.
Sure he was more worried about his reality TV show! If you can't make him act presidential...remove!! Our lives depend on it!
Yes, but not every other president has humiliated themselves like Mr. Trump does. Please don't support his Nazi causes.
And did every president since Eisenhower also mock the ratings of a TV program?  Your current president is a disgrace!
Trump is a prosperity Christian; not a salvation Christian
He's materially wealthy & spritually poor
He is not saved
His first national prayer breakfast in front of a world leader stage was filled with what? Yes, Don talking about himself.
At a prayer breakfast: Bitter Commander in Chief talking about reality ratings. Pray for us all.
He is not like every other president. Every other tried to lead- this man makes the U.S. look like fools.
Will you ever find your own voice again? This was a national embarrassment.
LOLS LOLS LOLS-says 'what the HELL' at a prayer breakfast & talk about the Apprentice & ratings-the epitome of dignity-NOT
and talks about TV ratings. Brilliant. Wish you and the other GOP would stand up to this idiot
Your obstruction of Obama's SCOTUS nomination has wrecked your legacy. Now you double down by fawning over this ass.
I used to respect you. I used to vote for you. Now I have nothing but contempt.
No other President made a mockery of it. Praying for Arnold? Wake up, Chuck!
Trump praying for apprentice ratings. What a maroon!
Talking TV ratings at the NPB?! Jesus would have thrown you all out of the room.
Like the money changers you are! I used to be an independent voter. Straight Dem from here out.
…and then says to pray for Apprentice ratings. Not an ounce of religion in this guy. Phony.
Do you wish you could take that tweet back? You condone the rantings of an unstable Pres. History will judge you harshly!
I feel a national prayer breakfast is  inappropriate for a country that is supposed to have separation of church & state
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi Empty-hearts,Ice-cold souls gets pleasure out of inflicting pain on others.Praying for better days.
unlike other presidents Trump has not released taxes.Unacceptable that you condone this. History will not be kind to you.
Voters will not be kind either
Trump is the biggest embarrassment to the country sense Benedict Arnold! But Worse!
this is the guy you stand behind?
Trump is insulting the Apprentice ratings & Arnold Schwarzenegger—at the National Prayer Breakfast. 
me me I me me I me me mine my I me me me me best I mine me mine I me more better mine biggest mine thank you for me
Pssst...Trump and many of his followers are #fakeChristians. Lord have mercy if you do not stand up to this evil man.
and he is praying for The Aprentice??? @ChuckGrassley,  Do you represent the citizens of Iowa or trump? You need to decide.
prayers for a television program/his profit. What a joke.
and asks for you to pray for The Apprentice.  The POTUS is not serious - you need to stand up NOW
you guys have really sold your souls for power. I imagine God is proud.
Probably should've waited to hear what he was going to say #nationalembarrassment
lol
And talks about TV ratings!  Please, Chuck, bring some common sense back to the divisive rhetoric the White House is spewing!
since you have time to post on social media while at official events, could you also tell us when you will be in Iowa again?
and prays for better ratings for The Apprentice
you comment about this regarding someone who only gives lip service to religous beliefs.
and talks about Arnold's Apprentice ratings.  Classy.
...proceeds 2 show his vanity by going on abt his TV show. But POTUS44 was faking HIS religion? #nationalprayerbreakfast
Are you proud of his rant? #prayforarnold
And just like the rest he talked about how great he is and TV ratings. You've hitched yourself to a fool.
and he even managed to talk about @TheApprenticeAU, I see he takes his role very seriously.  You people are a joke.
@POTUS is not as every other president. In any way.
is he the first one who didn't get the brief on what a prayer breakfast is?
Perhaps he didn't read the intel report.
talking about the apprentice, the republican party is a complete and utter disgrace to the united states and the constitution
Did you hand him the microphone or do you only hand people stolen Supreme Court slots?
And that speech should show you that he hasn't at all reflected on what prayer is about
maybe he'll release his taxes like all the others too #DoYourJob #makehimdohis
