You, sir, are completely wrong. Have you no decency?  No true love for country? Quit deluding yourself.
@chuckgrassley  Mexico will now be buying their corn from Argentina, not Iowa causing millions in lost revenue for your state.  DO SOMETHING
Who is breaking #Ethanol program that gives #CleanAir and good income to farmers?  Not the Democrats. #IaDem #IaGOP
This tweet didn't age well Sen Grassley. Clovis is now fed witness for tRump Russia collusion which he participated.
Our democracy & Republic was attacked & u still choose 2  look other way. Americans, & history won't  forget. U'll not b remembered kindly
The @gop doesnt care. They have killed our democracy by tilting elections completely in their favor.  As the country goes blue our elections somehow go red.
lulz

as qualified as okie-denier @ScottPruittOK headin @EPA

we demand coastal "elites" not bigots on bigoil/fakejesus payroll

#bot45
You went waaaaay back! I applaud you for your persistence in finding this snippet of news and reminding us, climate change has been happening for a looooong time now.
yes thank u and look who made climate change denial the word of fakegod with billionaire cash from the fossilized set #sad

https://splinternews.com/how-fossil-fuel-money-made-climate-denial-the-word-of-g-1797466298 …

@splinter_news
Ugh, big oil makes me sick.
...And the  too.

You’re right ! I’d like to listen to the testimony of people qualified in Science give public testimony on this subject. NeilDeGrasseTyson or StephenHawking for example. 
#NotSamClovis
He's a bloated old man and we see you for who you really are now, an enabler for a political agenda bent on destroying America and our citizens for greed and politics
Yet another reason to #retire
He won't retire until he has young Pat "Nepotism" Grassley all set to take his place.
Yeah, we need to make sure that doesn't happen. @ChuckGrassley isn't king, and Pat doesn't automatically get the throne. #Iowan
After the show republicans have been putting on, I doubt they'll have enough supporters to win office for WH baboon butt scratcher!

All that adds up to scientist and non-crackpot?
1) No. No he's not. 
2) EconProf? Not scientist.
3) what's a kasnas Iowan? 
4) original? Ohhhhkay 
5) listen to Schumer
Kansas Iowan = True red blooded corn fed American born waving  from inside mother's vajajay
Total opposite of coastal liberal elites 
Holy crap that would be uncomfortable. That poor mama.
Should we have listened to #Schumer, #Chuck?  #IaPolitics #IaDems #TrumpRussia
Senator, that Twitter handle doesn't exist.  #Russia, if you're listening...
Clovis colluded has a snappy ring to it.
So he’s a racist? Thanks, but you could have said it w/ way less qualifiers.
Your benchmark for is absurdly low. In the job marketplace, most of Trump's picks would be unemployable, not remotely qualified. Of course, this is politics, right? Competence, character and qualifications are not required. You only need to be a Trump sycophant, right?
Another Trump loyalist given a position who does not meet qualifications ,is anti-science/climate, conspiracy theorist. Remember vote BLUE!
Needs to withdraw, based on recent Russia involvement that’s come to light. The @GOP is also complicit & will be remembered for it.
Your Tweet is seriously sad. Punctuation? Sentence structure? Obviously education isn't your strong suit. Clovis is unqualified. Get over it
You need to retire Chuck. You're a partisan hack.
Clovis was also the Campaign Supervisor who approved Papadopoulos's trip to Moscow to meet Russians re HRC emails.
Not a #patriot.
"Sam Clovis is unqualified racist and bigot." #fixedit
He's was also part of a criminal transition of an illegitimate and crime infested Pres.
Sam Clovis is a traitor and so are you ##prison

Hell no.
Please explain this lie in the light of Manafort, money laundering and Session's knowledge. Supporting kleptocracy is GOP legacy.
You are as bad as @potus.
Chuck, who believes anything you say after your remark about replacing ACA with a lousy healthcare bill is better then breaking a promise
He is NOT qualified, and in fact confirming him would be against the law. There is a statue listing the REQUIRED qualifications. Not close
Are you seriously thinking anyone with a brain is going to believe any of your bullshit?  You’re time is DONE, go out to pasture old boy.


Amazing quote from @ChuckGrassley here: Despite many reasons to oppose Graham-Cassidy, GOP must support it to uphold campaign promises. 
We don't need to listen to Schumer. We have brains & can think for ourselves. Clovis IS NOT QUALIFIED.
Not qualified.
Um, nope
He is NOT qualified again GOP= Grand ol prevaricators #noclovis
No appointments via trump until cleared of Obstruction!
.@SenSchumer 
• Law 7 USC §6971 shall be a distinguished scientist
• Dictionary scientist = learned in science / especially natural science
Sam Clovis is a bigoted bag of fat with no clue how to run an organization based on sound science.
uh..Clovis' blog says climate change "Junk science" & sanctioning of same-sex marriage could lead to the legalization of pedophilia..
A turnip is more qualified and you know it.
Sam Clovis is unqualified.
ANOTHER racist, bigot in the Administration? I don't think so!
Almost every position filled by the orange clown is a complete disaster.
1. Every time I try to read one of your tweets, I think I may be experiencing an aneurysm. 
2. Clovis is an unqualified pig.
Sam Clovis is a homophobe who lacks any pertinent qualifications. Nothing you listed supports him as being "fully qualified".
Maybe you should work with Schumer & other Democrats- personally I would like to see you all stop messing with the ACA no repeal fix 1st
Cloves may be a vet & DJT's buddy but NOT A SCIENTIST AS REQUIRED. No other experience or qualifications 4 job. Only shameful cronyism
Then we have this to deal with. America has so.e very talented people that dig dig and dig. Explain this plz.
Mr. Grassley. I suggest you remember we the people brought you in. We the people will take you out.
good lord
You are lying Mr. Grassley.
He is a bloviating idiot. Why would you want an economics person running food safety?
We don't need to listen to anyone. It's plain to all that he is poorly qualified and this is a partisan reward.
#trumprussia Impeaching Trump for Treason makes this problem go away. Priorities Mr Grassley..

NOT. EVEN. CLOSE. BRUH. 

All respect to Vietnam Vets, how does it qualify Clovis for chief scientist at Dept of Agriculture? EconProf not a science credential either
You know he isn't a scientist, and he has a treasonous interest in covering for DJ. Stop putting party before truth, Chuck. DJ didn't win.
How does being a Vietnam vet and Econ professor make him qualified?
I don't listen people who use numbers where words should be.
Today would be a good day to release Glenn Simpson's transcript.
Chuck ehat is wrong with you.  You truly have lost your interest in supporting qualified picks for our country.
Clovis is as unqualified for this job as you are to chair Judiciary Committee.
You say "original ...Trumpster" like that's a good thing. Have you not been paying attention?
Ahem. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/30/usda-sam-clovis-influence-trump-241114 …
#fullofshit
The problem w/ your argument is that being a Kansan or Iowan doesn't make you qualified for this job. Being a scientist does. And he's not.
I have a degree in Communications. I'm from Iowa. I think I should be on the Supreme Court.
I have a Bachelor of Arts degree and play in two weekly softball leagues. I think I should be an astronaut.
Love these guys like Grassley and Gingrich who are supposedly so smart but run out of room at the end of a tweet and 1/2 2 compress airthing
Sam Clovis is from Kansas & he disgraces us, sir!
Clovis is an idiot from the heartland. A climate denyer who should not be confirmed
Please don't destroy the US. https://www.forbes.com/sites/stevensalzberg/2017/08/15/reject-this-incompetent-trump-appointee-hes-not-a-scientist/#7bd2a3a117b1 … Please don't allow any more incompetents in charge of agencies!
"Vietnam Vet"?
What unit was he in? When was he in country? How many tours did he serve?
Clovis is unqualified, and you are long past your sell-by date.  You have replaced Bunning as Alz. Syn. Poster Child of Capitol Hill.
Did her serve in Vietnam between 1971 when he joined the Air Force and 1973 when the US military involvement ended?
I'm listening to Schumer.  He's not a tool.
Um, Senator?? Clovis is NOT a Vietnam vet. Stop lying. @votevets
No. Clovis is not the right person.
USDA chief scientist, was Dean of Agri. @ ISU; MS/PhD in human nutrition. Sam Clovis Econprofessor, NOT Vietnam vet, conspiracy pandered.
in what way is an econ degree and being from iowa a qualification for a top science position at the USDA?
Can't find where unqualified-to-hold-gov-job #samclovis ever served in VietNam. Provide proof. U R corrupt & incompetent. #WhiteSupremacist
What?
Schumer doesn't lie anywhere near as much as the so-called @potus. Why would anyone listen to prolific liar @realDonaldTrump?
Proof we need term limits
Because ideas from Kansas have worked out so well recently.
Oh my god, do any of you ever tell the truth? Why do you make up crap?
No, he is NOT a Vietnam veteran.
The fact that Mr Clovis believes himself to be qualified is a testament to his lack of professional integrity.
The fact he is a trumpster is all anyone needs to know. He's garbage.
and being a trumpkin isn't a good thing - it's a traitorous thing

He is not a Vietnam veteran !!!!!!!!
It is the same substance your brain is made of.
Sam Clovis's jowels are made of pure scrapple, molded into the shape of a fat human's neck and chin.
This man is not fit to serve. Either of them.
You are such a liar. He isn't qualified for the position of dog catcher
Clovis is a partisan and climate change denier he is not qualified for that job and you know it.
He's 100% not qualified to be in a science position. You know that.
'As far as we know' homosexuality's a choice, 'logical' LGBT protections could lead to legalization of pedophilia- Sam Clovis. Jesus, Chuck!
Chuck you need to resign if you believe he's qualified. Your mental state is not good!
He also peddled conspiracy theories on his radio show. So he's either an idiot or purposefully deceitful. Neither is acceptable.
You make a mockery of the dignity of #Senate.
also the whole world knows what our gov. has done. its going to come out. specially with the iwans and putin going to tell so pls trial all
sir we need  a strong DOJ. our country is falling apart sir. no matter who u r must be held accountable
Hey Chuck: You need to get ON Dana Rohrabacher to register as a Foreign AGENT.
If Rohrabacher has important information, he should share w/ US intel, not bargain. Is he a US legislator or someone's agent? https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/908801918310350848 …
2/2
So Rohrabacher claims he has vital national security info but will only diclose it if Assange is pardoned? 

Who exactly is he working for? https://twitter.com/NatashaBertrand/status/908803597294555136 …
1/2 You ARE deplorable. Oh & ya know the FARA registering you are so concerned about ? Why aren't u demanding Rohrabacher be on it?

Important story that offers a glimpse of flow of US payments to Trump personally. Much remains undisclosed https://twitter.com/washingtonpost/status/908740135457615873 …
I have an agronomy degree, was born in and still live in Iowa nominate me

The only thing Clovis is fully qualified for is EATING. Go get em BBIIIIIIIIIGGGGGGG BOY.
We'll listen to Schumer over you anytime!  Why can't you write in Twitter the way you write an editorial - or does someone do that for you?
He. Isn't. Qualified.
Not a scientist and also quite the cook
I meant kook - autocorrect
MOST ANYONE NOMINATED BY DT IS UNQUALIFIED FOR ONE REASON OR ANOTHER, EITHER UNFIT FOR JOB OR CROOKED!
Bullshit, Chuck!  Racist #deplorable with ZERO scientific qualifications. You need to RESIGN if you can't discern the difference.
He is also a wacko bird
"fully qualified EconProfessor" fine. Qualified to be @USDA Chief Scientist? Absolutely not. Why are you even defending him?
I've often disagreed with Mr. Grassley - but never before did I believe him to be a delusional tool.
"distinguished scientists with specialized training or significant experience in agricultural research, education and economics." Not Sam
I believe you Senator Grassley
THANK YOU MR GRASSLEY!!
Being an econ professor is not the same as being a scientist which is what the position calls for. What's wrong with you @ChuckGrassley?
Also Chuck you are embarrassing yourself. Just because you support trump doesnt mean you need to back him on all matters.
Uh, no
He's not qualified. He's also a racist and an embarrassment to this great state.
Did you show him your Merrick Garland butt plug?
#notaspeckofcereal
Porkchop cant see the trees for the forest
Clovis is not qualified, regardless of bet & econ cred. How can you support him?
He is not qualified
Chuck: how does any of that make him a scientist?  He's simply not qualified for the job.
Chuck, you should be worried abt how Clovis will play in front of Senate committee! IA will be a laughing stock! #NoMoreGrassleys
Qualified as you are, which is to say not at all. Enjoy your last term because there will never be another Grassley elected to the Senate.
Clovis is a creep. I'm more qualified just because I recycle bottles and cans.
We trust Schumer more than you!  You are a "party over country" kind of guy...so nope don't trust you!!
Climate change denial kills people. Is that what you want?
We already have hurricanes and wild fires across this country Senator. Are you waiting for extreme drought to hit Iowa and the Midwest?
Wrong!!!
Being from Iowa qualifies one to be head of USDA? What sort of stereotypical nonsense is this? He's not a scientist. He's not qualified.
An Econ professor does not a scientist make, Chuck.
But he doesn't know SCIENCE! Plus he pushed fake news over the years. Head of FDA too important to have him on charge.
Betsy DeVos is not an educator and unqualified .. Sam is NOT a scientist and is unqualified. #notrationalthinking
Hey Chuck, the guy looks like he ODed on meat, milk and eggs is this what your faction wants the American populace to look like?
You're full of it and you should learn to respect science. Clovis is not qualified but, hey, you Republicans are all lies & poison.
Anti Science Non-Scientist As USDA’s Chief Scientist is a nutcase.
Clovis is NOT qualified for FDA.  Too important to bring in another amateur to this chaotic administration. Have courage to do your job!
Soery, he's not qualified at all.
More disrespect for science. Loyalty shouldn't 'trump' experience and education for appointments. Sigh.
No
And you sir need to retire

Just resign, Chuck. You're evil.
Who is the real Trumpster? Liking supper with Dems and flip flop on DACA. R U?
Would u say he's more, or less, qualified than #merrickgarland?
Stop trying to pull wool over our eyes grassley. Clovis is not qualified for an agricultural position. Law requires an Ag background.
You're ridiculous
No he's not. You're better than this Senator.
STOP BEING RIDICULOUS! Clovis may be an Iowan, but he's NOT QUALIFIED! He's not a scientist, an agriculture scientist or even ag-economist!
Your tweets about Clovis demonstrate an utter lack of integrity Chuck! You are embarrassing our state, ENOUGH ALREADY!
I guarantee our outstanding Agriculture Scientist at Iowa State University are disgusted by the ignorance of your tweets Chuck! Just STOP!
I know what "race traitor" is, it's a term used by degenerates like Sam Clovis, but Senator, can you explain what he meant by "race trader?"
Well, this is your worst tweet of your career, and that is saying something! Sleep well, Chuck...and if you can, god help us all.
He is fully unqualified! And as are you to chair the judiciary committee! Do what's right for Iowa and retire #whatsrussiahaveonyou
https://www.instagram.com/realdonaldtrumpster/ …
He is not qualified.  Nothing in the resume you provide qualifies him. Econ degree and Iowan are not enough.
He is NOT qualified for the position.
He is not a scientist.
Lets leave science in hands of political appointees.
US kids will grow up thinkinv 1+1=MAGA and that major hurricanes, caused by immigrants.
Uh no...he's a pig. Period.
Being econ prof doesn't qualify someone for a science position. You are losing it, might be time for you to retire
None of those things qualify him to do jack shit, traitor.
The years aren't making you smarter and you were stupid when you were younger. You're lucky that many Iowans don't pay attention.
He's super, super unqualified.
You have corn on the brain Senator.
You've got to be kidding. A "real Donald Trumpster?" What in the world has happened to you?
You forgot to mention his science credentials.
In @ChuckGrassley's eyes being a Trump supporter qualifies you for any government job. To me it just proves poor judgment/likely corruption.
All due respect, Senator, Clovis isn't qualified to be Chief Scientist. Find him another job in the administration.
