Yeah, he also wished them 'good luck' with this kind of tone and pardoned a racist sheriff. Not a win.
Trump tried to use hurricane "ratings" to cover his pardon for Arpaio. Don't congratulate him for visiting TX; he doesn't care about people.
So true.  Sad
I can't believe you are seriously going to release THE FAKE DOSSIER and do this to Our President!  You've all done enough to him!
Finally he does something not completely despicable so you try to win love by applauding him on Twitter?! During #Harvey?!
Exactly! But it's MY generation that has the problem with participation trophies. Ugh
Not sure if tomorrow is an appropriate time.
We know he's been vacationing every weekend at Camp David and playing around on Twitter while Pence manages the crisis. What a joke.
I have friends in Texas, they are waiting for his "promised" trip on Tuesday.  So, are you saying that he is now "not" going? Just asking.
I don't get it! Why are you congratulating the president? I don't think aid workers will be finished by Tuesday? Do you?
Exactly right!!!!!   Let's congratulate the people on the ground who are saving lives and making a difference...Trumps done NOTHING.
Why is he going? Water not expected to crest till Thurs so he is still going to be a distraction. Hopefully forgets to bring the play dough.
I have all the confidence that @realDonaldTrump can find new and worse ways to fuck this up even more than Bush did Katrina.
#HarveyFlood
Here's hoping your guy can stay on message & not say anything offensive or stupid. Tall order for #POTUS
Impeach!
Hey Chuck - Donny would also like to remind all Texans that he WON Missouri. So there is that.
Who cares about him right now????
Exactly.   Not about HIM...which may be hard for him to grasp.
Does he get a gold star? Is this a bad sign that he is treated like a preschooler using positive reinforcement? Training a 71-yr old man.
I don't think that is what he was saying.  He didn't want another Charlottesville style riot when he touched down.
Mr. Grassley, I plea to you and your colleagues to remove this sick man and his kind from the White House.
Eyefortruth.......The photo you post of you looks like a swastika, just saying...........
@ChuckGrassley ... you know Obama wasn't President during Katrina right? A lot of idiots are confused by this. Welcome to that club
@ChuckGrassley @SenateMajLdr @SenatorBurr @SenatorLankford 

We all know that Dossier was paid for by DEMS! Hit Piece; #FakeNews

Dont do it
Suck up Chuck

Donald Trump has an ethanol deal for Chuck Grassley, who will be speaking with Donald Trump Jr. soon http://ow.ly/dvFo30eOYnD 
yeah ... no . he shouldn't have gone, and did nothing but congratulate himself on the crowd size
Once again you are embarrassing our state. #Harvey #Resist
Hope he brings copies of his book recommendation for these people to read and I'm sure they would love to hear of his winning MO in election
Seriously?!  Congratulating him for doing NOTHING and you r SILENT when he's lying. So much for leading by example with your Christian faith
Congratulations... oops never mind.
Congratulations on a run on sentence the president is a douche canoe maybe he can use the canoe to rescue any nazis in flood zone
Congratulations? The expectations should be high 4 a pres. bar is so low it's ridiculous
#Texas was glad to have @POTUS and will welcome him again this weekend. As search & rescue will soon turn to clean up & rebuilding lives.
#NoTrumpTexasTrip   No grandstanding
Old Chuck Grassley, why are you trying to help #corruptdt, we know you are going to try to help him get out of the Russia investigation.
Hmmm the coast guard seems to be doing a huge job. Doesn't Trump want to gut its funding? He's more of a problem than a solution to anything
Way to lower that bar a little more every day!
Too bad this isn't sarcasm
He's doing an amazing job!!
He's done nothing but lie.  A lot.  Oh and  talk about how great he is....
Waiting on the Steele/Dossier interview transcripts to be released..
I'm still waiting for the interview transcripts to be released certainly better reading than Trumps book recommendation during Harvey
Dude, seriously?  And no comment from the head of Judiciary about the Arpaio pardon?  It's like congratulating him for tying his shoelaces.
What a weak and self-serving response.  Trump weakened Disaster Responses by doing away with President's Obama's Rules.  Trip:  PR only!!
You do watch the weather, right #SoCalledFarmer? The hurricane will be returning to shore on Tuesday. 
And congratulations for nothing.
Bush didn't even go to Katrina
Trump's now busy w/ "nuclear overhaul" Spells Disaster 4 nation/world.Wisdom must prevail. Impeach so we can move on
By the way Chuckles you getting the balloons and cake? Get your head outta Trumpie's head already. Why are you so invested in him?
Your collusion is utterly repugnant. I look forward to congratulating you on losing your Senate seat.
Chuckles too late. He just bested #W as the most useless in a national disaster. Most useless in everything really. Stop propping him up.

Thank you for supporting our @POTUS you are one of the true supporters
He's tweeting about a book sale for a horrible man named Clarke. Are you going to kiss his ass for that too?
would be dumbest tweet ever if president never tweeted again. Lucky for you grassley
He should stay away. Don't want him here. Maybe he can go golf some more or cut protections for flood zones or piss off our allies.
How about patting him on the back for not golfing this weekend?
You are beyond ridiculous. Did you catch the book ad today? Please resign. #ResignGrassley #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW #TheResistance
WTF? That doesn't warrant congratulations. That's called DOING HIS JOB.
Is he taking them Play Doh???
Obama wouldn't leave Martha s vineyard during disasters. We have a real leader finally. Thank you
Congratulations? Come on, seriously? Congratulations? Chuck I expect more from you.
Congratulations for delaying trip. Still going to be disaster area. All he'll do is photo ops & self-congratulations. Idiots.
Sycophant
so underestimated this event   !!!  worse  than  katrina   !!!
bs he just needs to stay away and let these ppl get help from each other they dont need a liar right now
Nice way to diss President Bush, a better man then Drumpf will ever be. You're a dumbshit
Thanks Chuck, you provide a new face to ID with sucking up in our Websters
Thank you Chuck, you give us unwashed a new face to ID
You've drunk the Kool Aid. I think I'm going to throw up now.
That is a low bar for congratulations!
Your bar is set pretty low when you praise Trump for acting rationally. Why not just add: good boy Donny, good boy. Here's a lollipop. SAD
Do you think someone told him the golf courses would be dried out by Tuesday?
Your congratulating him for that, old man? Isn't that his damn job? @Lawrence @maddow @JoyAnnReid @NicolleDWallace @KatyTurNBC @chrislhayes
Wowza. Low bar, Chuck.
He's going Tuesday...in the midst of the worst disaster...he has to be center stage. It's all about Trump.
He has people scheduling him and telling him NOT to repeat past mistakes. Not screwing up yet is hardly a success.
Tell Donald that he is a Racist Coward for the pardon of the racist Ex Sherrif Joe,McCain said it best,Show some courage for once Chuck.
Are you gonna congratulate him on his trip to MO too? Or maybe on the book recommendation earlier. You're scum.
This is nothing more than an "im afraid of you" suck up
Chuck, your knees getting sore yet?
Senator,trump shd not go on Tuesday. It diverts too many resources away from emergency unfolding.
Trump wants a photo op,just reality TV 4 T
Then Thursday or Friday is likely a better bet. Anyone looking at forecasts? First responders need to being tending to needs of Houston.
Now pat him on the head & give a cookie. Plus Tuesday is in the middle of this disaster he should NOT go then!  But hey Congratulations!
You need to be congratulating the 1st respondents and volunteers on the ground not a guy tweeting shit while in his bath robe #Resign
The bar is real low when CONGRATULATIONS is "appropriate" in times such as these. The GOP is an embarrassment!
You are hopelessly tone deaf.
'Congratulations' for what?
Old codger, take your dementia pill. You don't "congratulate" one for doing his job.
Not the same thing fanboy.
#WhenThePoorlyEducatedTweet
The tweet only reflects your bio bud. You should be happy with my tweet. It literally reflects your bio. #HighFive
Exactly! Now you're getting it. #HighFive
Houston will be 10x Katrina and no government help. Zero. Citizens rescuing citizzens. Trump's lying. This will make Katrina look great.
You think this will all be over by Tuesday and emergency workers won't be diverted for Trump to get a photo op?
congratulations you are an embarrassment
Congrats? You're certainly reaching, aren't you...
You congratulated him? Why? It's HIS JOB!!!! #dumb #stoptweeting
You. Are. Such. A. Pawn.
That is his job.Tell home to bend over it's easier for you that way.
Seriously?!
You're congratulating him for using common sense?
Pathetic!
Congratulations? How about if standing up to him for pardoning a racist cop? Spineless @ChuckGrassley Your silence speaks volumes.
Any day Trump goes to Texas next week will be a disruption to rescue service.  Check the news!!!
"If I only had a brain".   god knows POTUS does not have a heart or any courage.
Sir- he just pardoned a Dirty Cop that violated the Civil Rights of Americans- Who cares if he accidentally did something right-really
He is your boy Chuck! Not good for Iowa and America, but your happy so nothing else matters. Cowardice down on the farm!
So the president now gets praised for using common sense? America is such a wonderful place
"Congratulations" for doing what he is supposed to do?  You have very low expectations for @realDonaldTrump, don't you?  Very disappointing.
Congratulations?! Really?! This is what he is suppose to do!
Are you congratulating him for hurricane response? This is far from over for Texas. I know you love colloquium...this is putting the cart
before the horse. Counting eggs before they are hatched. But, most importantly: congratulating Trump for supposedly doing his damn job.
Oops
 I mean colloquialism. Sorry. I am super upset. 
https://twitter.com/GeorgWebb/status/901808859815268354 …
Did you congratulate Trump for pardoning a racist that ignored constitutional checks and balances?
congratulations??? How embarrassing for u. Never forget America. Never forget Grassley stands with Trump, and Trump with Arpaio. #happyfam
Really? Low bar.
Congratulations? Lulz. You do realize it's HIS job, don't you? This isn't a freakin' game show.
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Congratulations?? For what?? For a disaster?? I don't think that's the word people in Houston and the Gulf Coast would use.
Satire?Right?
Like he interfered during campaign when he visited LA 2deliver playdoh?Yeah he's showing  a lot of restraint,Chuck.Really a cause4 congrats?
Slow down. This storm will still be active on Tuesday. There are still some logistical concerns that need to be taken into consideration.
A sense of history good or bad is the mark of a true patriot....
He needs to stay away. There is nothing he can do but get in the way. He should stay in DC and help the professionals to do their jobs!
Cheerleading for him does not make him presidential  or capable of  empathy for those victims of the Hurricane just saying....


going to congratulate him for his book review, too?
...... Is that where they went wrong on Katrina?
You mean, when it does not interfere with his golfing weekends?
Nice try, Grass but won't work.
That is the best you can do? Looking for the documents
Bring in aircrafts to fly them out for safety. @POTUS. @RedCross
Maybe you should call him out on all the crap he does to embarrass the United States.
It wouldn't be a repeat of Katrina, it would be a repeat of his photo op trip during 2016 Louisiana flooding when he faked helping then left
Really, congratulations 4 what is expected when you hold the highest office in  good lord u have little faith in #potus understable but...
Yes! We should all take a moment and be grateful that Trump can finally address a national disaster HE didn't cause.... 
Although all the climate change deniers and relaxing of pollution regulations will cause more severe and frequent disasters in future.
Are you serious? While you're at it, why not congratulate him for not wearing his socks on his hands?? Ridiculous.

Congratulations @realDonaldTrump for doing your job. When will @ChuckGrassley start doing his?
Chuck, you are an assk*sser. Trump is a disastrous, dangerous embarrassment. Your constituents are ashamed.
What can he do to help? Stay away and do your job!  Losers both of you!
You're congratulating him for not being a complete disaster?
Ol Chuck speaking up..only time he says diddly..NEVER opposes what is so
obviously wrong..just looking to suck up! So embarrassing for Iowa.
Yes, he's a real gem--always thinking about others' welfare, right?
We have an American president whose contempt for U.S. Constitution and willingness to divide nation knows no bounds.
Yay! Let's just ignore the fact he rolled back measures from Obama that would help prevent the impact of these disasters in the future.
Climate Chaos isn't a Chinese Hoax?? There's this thing called science?? What??
Has your GOP pervert in chief resigned yet? He's got to wait for the golf courses to dry out anyway.
Even a disaster like #Harvey reminds people of the train-wreck Justice apptmnt you stole from Obama. Your legacy.
I'm reminded of when Neil Gorsuch ruled that you could be fired for leaving your truck to save your life https://twitter.com/jmktv/status/901842756829679616 …
He did wish them luck and bash Mexico today, do he's been a busy boy!
Clearly, he cares most about himself and how much money he can grift while he's still in office. You care about tax cuts for the wealthy.
Thoughts and prayers to Texans, who will have to do without @realDonaldTrump passing out Play-Doh for the next few days.
Voter ID petition is far more important than antifa pet w 300k signatures

Yet it only has 864.

Plz sign and RT

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/voter-id-laws …
President Trump has signs of a great president of the people. Congress needs to see this and get behind the agenda at hand or be replaced.
Mr. Grassley, Trump has no self control, and his temperment is AWFUL for a President. Maybe you can use dog treats to train him?
What a low bar.
Come on Grassley I used to look up to you but anymore you open mouth insert foot
Seriously, you thought this needed to be said???
Isn't that what Obama did when LA was flooded and conservatives gave him a hard time?  I wouldn't expect any consistency from you, though.
Congrats??
Chuckie, what in the world are you doing here?
Trump's leadership on #HarveyResponse is very Presidential #AmericaFirst
Nice. For once he knows when he's not wanted. Pretty low bar...
Congratulations for what?  Being a huge human and moral failure?  What, are you his personal complimenter now?
Congrats on projecting an "I give up" tone via Tweet.
Please address the #AwanBrothers investigations!
#SethRichCoverUp #DWS

Really, he tweets all day abt racist books & a worthless wall & all u can do is congrats 4 not going 2 TX yet! Ignorance runs deep in u, yes
You sound like a parent telling his child "What a good boy, you used the potty all by yourself."
Pucker up, buttercup. Your ass is Grassley.

#MuellerIsComing #complicit
The last thing we need is trump to politicize this terrible disaster
Oh Chuck you jumped right back into the @POTUS swamp. You're all going to end up wearing orange
I think you should tell him what a big boy he is for eating his veggies tomorrow!
Really wish U wld retire. I've lost respect 4 U & U no longer represent me or IA! He was TOLD 2 stay away!
I agree. When I lived in Iowa in the 1980s, he was a great Senator. Now he's awful.
I don't think it is appropriate for you two bros to be giving each other high-fives when there are people in distress.  #badhombres
Trump should Be going to Jail and You to a Nursing Home!
Is there a REASON @GOP are NOT shouting This #Liberal POLL result on Every National Media Network CA Can Turn @GOP
Let's give credit where credit is due. Thank Gen. Kelly for keeping 45 focused w/ the correct message on this disaster. 45 isn't doing this.
Bare minimum expectations for Our Great Leader.
How is this even remotely grounds for congratulations? Is the bar really that low. You're pathetic.
I can't congratulate this president on anything. He is dividing and destroying our country. Does GOP now = Nazis? Scary!
I guess you missed Trump's earlier tweets today, which are just shameful.
I noticed you don't mention the Arpaio pardon. It seems ok to violate our constitution if you're a friend of Trumps
What the hell? New low @ChuckGrassley.
Is this sarcasm? Or a dig at Bush??" I'm not sure "congratulations" is justified when somebody does what's expected from their role! 
Any comment re: Arpaio pardon and the rule of law?
Congratulations?
What are you exactly congratulating @realDonaldTrump for again?  Are you implying he's finally using a light of common sense?
Polished that apple enough yet Chuck ?

Honey, DT is CAUSE for Hurricane, Lev26.
Rev17= #TrumpRussia = #SevenMountains + #ThirdRome who crusade by 2030 to bring Christ back.
#ExGOP
"Mission Accomplished" - Hello? This has just began here in Houston. Flooding for next few days. Rebuilding for weeks/months. Stop it!
Let it sink in that Grassley and @GOP defend a corrupt con that was put in place by a foreign power to ruin our democracy. It's working too
