I also find is "shocking" that in 4 weeks he has spent more to fly to Flordia to play golf that Obama did in a whole year.
- he works more than Obama did
Proof? He definately golfs more than Obama did. There are pictures of that. He tweets more than Obama did.
- and he works more than Obama
Plus, what does a lady from Texas care what a consituent from Iowa talks about with her Senator?
- my family lives in Iowa and we own property in Iowa and a business there -
My appologies. Your profile says Frisco, and there is not one in Iowa. The only one that came up is TX
- I don't live in Iowa.  We own businesses in Iowa and my family lives there.  We love Iowa.
- it's high time you start supporting the POTUS
- I'm getting sick of your smart remarks.  What are you doing to support him?
.@ChuckGrassley he has went to Florida for 3 straight weeks wasting taxpayers dollars for sole purpose of feeding his ginormous ego
the taxpayers didn't pay for this idiots
Every single time he goes to Flordia to golf - you pay for it, if you pay taxes. We all pay
everyone but him..he doesn't  pay taxes..
Right - only poor people pay taxes. Especially rural people, like Iowans.
yep and it's  about to get worse
Sen Grassley:. Really? I mean you really believe this?
Hunting down a deporting people who don't have a criminal record! LIES!
tax returns. Unqualified cabinet picks. Bigotry. Misogyny. Over half of us didn't want him. Time to listen to us ALL.
:do your job: 1. Tax return, 2. Russian interference, 3. emoluments clause, 4. Get a handle on his weekend spending sprees
Wait is there a Wall built, sir? Do we have a new health care system, sir? I am missing the DELIVERED part. He has 4 yrs, BUT
is been 4 weeks, give it up.
Donald should offer tours of Mar-A-Lago to help pay for the Wall.  That would be patriotic.
middle class Americans need jobs
chuck good thing ur done running cause u never win again. @BetsyDeVos?  @realDonaldTrump accountable lies #doThe RightThing
TRUMP, PGOTUS, is shocking!! He also promised no tax returns...promised kept! Do job and investigate ALL conflicts & taxes!
You're destroying Iowa.
How can you continue to support this administration? Shame on you Mr. Grassley.
he's a nutjob.  He's failed his most important promise, to be a good president.
What about the Russian connection? Approval poll 39% ! Making up fake news? Senator, Iowa citizens are terrified!
Attacks Constitution, earning $$ from office, Russia, lies re terror attacks. GOP shld be embarrassed.
are we seeing the same person in action? I don't see what you see. Maybe that is why you are so out of touch with Iowans.
how can you support 45? Not good for Iowa, let alone anything else.
what?
I suspect he's taking Twitter lessons from 45. Similar nonsense
Pay attnention.  The American people love the new sheriff in DC.
What is a shock is what a sycophant you are! Your collusion with this administration has been noted.
45 and gang have spent more and done more to hurt the country and its people!  Shocking/Delivered/Destroyed
Exactly what has he done? Ban blocked by courts, Mexico won't pay for wall. EO's are not governing. But pollution a-okay now?
what alternate reality are you living in?
Presidents don't have rallies unless they want to be dictators. When will you oppose this authoritarian nonsense?
name them.
What did he promise Russia? I'm sure that will be quite a shock too. Wake up, u make Iowa look bad.
can you honestly look us in  the eyes and say he is a good president?
Chuck you have staff why can't someone capable tweet for you? Q #ThingsThatMakeMeGoHmm
Drumpf hasn't DONE anything but blow smoke. You're turning into a party hack, sir. I will not vote for u. #investigateNOW
can anyone translate this to English? I get the beginning/but must have just been hitting the predictive text at the end?!?
what a surprise he's bragging about himself he never does that May God help us he's like a blindman with a gun he's CRAZY
When PROMISES end in air we can't breathe, water we can't drink and useless farm land due to climate change, we'll remember.
Blah, blah, blah. #DoYourJob, @ChuckGrassley
there were hundreds waiting in line 5 hours before the doors even opened. That's all that needs 2 be said. #America1st #MAGA
Q what standing president wastes our $ campaigning to prove his legitimacy? A an illegitimate 1! -3million pop vote! get out from under him!
You're high, aren't you?
You mean that he's a change? Lowest approval rating in history,  complete incompetence, struck down in court. Bad change. BAD
promises? Russian involvement? John Flynn.. Don't vet very well.. Sweden terrorism.. didn't happen #lies
keep supporting the Russian puppet you twit.   Iowa is tired of you
Ew
This house of cards is crumbling in record time nobody will get on the sinking ship except those who are already locked on
oh man, I'm glad you exist but I'm sad you're a senator
he has not delivered. He makes a spectacle and calls it success.
He should be "running" the country not "running" for office again! That's not normal! It IS a shock! Wake up or ull be out 2!
You will regret collaborating with @realDonaldTrump. Start investigations now before it gets worse!
ashamed of your blind eyes. Thankfully McCain has balls.
Signing EOs doesn't "deliver" anything - you should know that as a Senator.  He hasn't actually DONE anything yet.
I can't believe you still stand by him.  You will pay for it.  Iowa deserves better.  #dumptrump
what are you talking about? He's done nothing to create jobs he's taken credit for other people's job creation #fakepresident
he's removed important environmental coal regulations that won't create jobs but will help big business. #fakepresident
You are either as delusional as he is or a mindless sycophant, either way you are useless to Iowa.
start investigating Trumps Russian connections, put a cap on his wasteful personal spending and stop his ethnics violations
Get to work or get out of the way. Your legacy can be a corrupt bootlicker or a true American patriot. Your decision.
Iowans demand better. Support investigations of Russian involvement. We want the truth!
We the People are paying for 3 WH level security- DC NYC & FL. Deficits no problem when R's in charge. Do your job!
he pays no taxes & his trips have already cost more than Obama's in a year
You get that his three vacation trips in less than first month of presidency cost us more than year of Obama vacations?
that whole "fiscal responsibility" thing get too complicated for you?
Now 45 is campaigning, time to refuse SCOTUS nominee hearing until voters have say in '20.  Isn't that how u said this works?
Taxes, Russia, or RESIGN. You are failing Iowa and failing Iowans.
usually campaign events have an opponent. Trump now running against the media. Are U supporting a tyrant?
????????!!!
don't you think it's a bit early to start campaigning?
Care to clarify that nonsense, old man?
= Trump.  Seriously?
Worst. Song lyrics. Ever.
Too old to drive. Too old for politics.
I am so very worried about what this President is doing. Your job is to speak for us. Please do so! Russia. Tax returns.
consistently amazed at your ability to invent punctuation and grammar
What does that mean? He's done nothing but create chaos as Steve Bannon ordered. Open your eye man.
demonizing press is dishonest and anti- America. Speak out. You are enabling a narcissist who will destroy USA
the shock is you think he's done something. You foolishly helped install his incompetent cabinet. Where's his tax returns?
I voted for @HillaryClinton In 2016. I also voted for you. That's the only one I wish I could take back. Please do your job.
Normally I get you, but what?
I do note that your party told us not to take him seriously.
I do note that he promised to deliver us from Goldman Sachs.  And yes, I am winning my bets about non-prosecution of HRC.
TRAITOR
Yeah what, exactly, has Trump delivered? His Muslim ban? His plan to make a plan to stop ISIS? Or taking credit for the econ?
Quite a SHOCK you ass kiss this insane demigod and ignore the people who you are supposed to serve. @KCCI @CNN
Did someone show you a piece of paper? Do you also think he won the most electoral votes since Reagan?
haven't we made you rich enough why don't you retire?
what are farmers going to do when you deport all their labor?
Who will play Chuckles on SNL? Great material.
he's not important enough for SNL.

Most people reading your tweets are not Trumps base. We are educated , read, and know the truth. So truth be told. #resist
Excuse me? Arrogant much?
why are you backing a lying traitor that is working with a foreign gov to attack our democracy?
Grassley backing a lying traitor because they're in the same political party. Party before country. 
Has he really delivered much beyond chaos, lawsuits, scandal and rants?
You might try to actually pay attention.
that's a non-answer. What has been delivered? Wall? Health care? Improved security? ISIS defeated?
what jobs has he delivered that weren't already in the works before he took office?
You think Mr. Trump's presidency and ranks are something to be proud of?  Are you representing yourself or Iowa?
hey man, aren't you on the Judiciary Committee?
What "happened in Sweden last night" @ChuckGrassley? REPUBLICAN @POTUS lies to the entire world. Acceptable to you?
Trump tonight mentioned an incident “last night in Sweden” 

There was no attack there last night…
I can't even stomach listening to this grotesque spectacle #resist #FiretheFool
Who is this? @realdonaldtrump @potus
but at what cost to the nation and large sector that did not vote for him? Conflicts, Russia, democracy-you sold your soul.
Do your job and investigate the Russian connection.  Country over party. Always.
he has tried to deliver on promises. But I can't think of a single thing he has actually delivered on.
you've lost your mind.
really! wasting our money!
Wasting taxpayer dollars.
my god what an embarrassing caricature of a senator you've become. History will not be kind to you sir...
Wolfgang u have summed up my thoughts exactly. Sad time for Iowans
How could you! Iowa City 11-1-91: Ann Cleary.. Gang Lu... How could you let us down so?
yet he is blowing the budget on travel and security for him, his kids and his wife -who doesn't even live in the white house!
that's how it works. The first family gets security and protection, even if away. Always have. Please learn.
boys are on family biz that is putting $ in dad's pocket too. Not OK with THIS presidency at all. So I'm good.
deep breaths and count to 10 slowly. It will be ok.
like I said, I'm good. Don't need to be oatronized. But thanks.
so you're well and truly casting your lot with this clown.
Noted.
what r u smoking Chuck?
What the fuck is this?
When will you tweet denouncing Trump's attack on the First Amendment. You're big on the Second Amendment how about the First.
Trump didn't attack the 1st amendment despite what MSM wants you to believe.
Freedom of press is 1st Amendment. MSM? All I do is listen to Tr**p himself to reach conclusion.
Denouncing fake and misleading biased news is not attacking 1st amendment. That's expression of free speech.
Denouncing accurate news and the press in general is an attack on the 1st Amendment. 302 best since Reagan?
I'm sure you're still down with the birther stuff too, eh?
Never was "down" with that.
Even if the promises are crazy and a certifiable loon delivered them. sure, let's be Russia. With better weather. 2018, Sen.
Also "shocking" - no investigation into Russia. Do your job Chuck, or Iowa will not be kind sir!
Show your loyalty to those who have put you in office the past 42 years - demand to see his tax returns!
Why is THE PRESIDENT holding rallies?
and denying the press. #dictator
shouldn't u be watching the history channel?
Secondly, I see no wall, and Mexico said they are not paying for it. The increase in prices will hurt the people of the US.
so you have no problem with him attacking free press? Bye the way, Jefferson was pro press and Lincoln owned a newspaper.
.@ChuckGrassley why did you tweet this like you're going to perform at a slam poetry show
Chuck Grassley, Poet of the Prairie.
Russia's favorite president... why are you NOT investigating??,
I must have been drunk the day we declared war against Russia and it became an enemy.
He forgot to mention he is sponsored by Russia. You support a Traitor?
Pls note: Deare in the headlights: Dumped by Trump @  http://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/white-house-nsc-aide-craig-deare-dismissed-235175 … and my http://www.mcclatchydc.com/opinion/article132895649.html … #EthicsMatter
.@ChuckGrassley U were a principled man. These days, these tweets, and this time will not look kindly on you.
But why is this even necessary for a President to hold a rally only weeks after taking office? Keep on Chuckin’!
get any checks from #NRA today ? #PayToPlay
nah, @NRA REALLY likes @joniearnst. All she's talking about is anti abortion NOTHING TO SEE HERE $$$$$$$$$$
A reelection campaign rally 30 days in. Hitler would be proud.
He is still in search of inauguration crowds..sorry..POTUS.
