Ask him about his private jets as well Chuck.
Tell the truth, Chuck.  Stop lying.  Country before party!
Did you know that @ChuckGrassley is @GOP ... or are do love to indulge in self delusion...?
Aware, also aware that majority of @GOP are cowards! Stop standing by! 
1- Correction to my response - "or DO you love" no 'are'
2. my response was an acknowledgement of your RT & directed to @cowboyneok
I assumed, but just want these s to GET REAL. 
Coal is shit....
@chuckgrassley: In mtg w/ Pruitt, please remind him over 30k Iowans work in #cleanenergy, incl 8k in #wind & #solar
Ask him about the frequency of earthquakes Oklahoma has been experiencing in the last few years due to fracking for natural gas.
We want clean air and clean water Chuck. We want forward thinking in regards to energy. Fossil fuels are NOT forward thinking...
giving big tax breaks to big business, and the wealthy while the middle-class pays the bills and is decimated to the point of non-existence
Grassley is part of the problem. One of the so called takers that get a subside check for his farm in Iowa. That is not helping the people.
Why are republicans so stupid when it comes to coal?
Get rid of fossil tax breaks first.
Wind energy is vital to Iowa.  We the People want clean energy & clean water. Have courage to do your job!
Dear senator, why haven't the sanctions against Russia been enforced? Time to act! Refusal to follow the law is grounds for impeachment

Wind is cheaper Chuck. #math
And windmills
level playing field? u force us to pay for killing ourselves when clean alternatives are available. I hope you can drink that money.
Tell him to stop trying to kill us.

Don't understand why the Rep party wants to take us back to the 1800's Why not support clean energy solutions. Is the money really worth it
Even China is leaving fossil fuels behind and going forward to wind and solar, but our reps party makes it harder for us to do this
When are you and @SenFeinstein going to vote to release the transcripts from the Fusion GPS interview?
Don't forget: wind power and ethanol are providing middle class income for thousands of Iowans. Hundreds of thousands more benefit.
Whether or not it's a farce is irrelevant in Iowa. It's a big employer here and political suicide to rescind support for it
U are the most upsetting person! U and other long term senators are the ones who make fields unfair and not level, save Earth with wind!
Dinosaur fuel for dinosaurs. Get out of their pocket pops, renewable energy is our future
You’re OK with all of Pruitts environmentally destructive actions until it takes a dollar away from your Iowa lobbyists
Keep the conversation going on RF but get to work on holding @POTUS accountable for SS costs, tweets and all around stupidity.
Why should we subsidize or monopolize any market at all?
Coal is dead and should be.  Archaic form of energy generation!!  Massive pollution and green house gases
@EPAScottPruitt @SecretaryZinke @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP Quite turning America into 3rd world country. #ImpeachTrumpAndPence
tell usa citizens why level field,should be,........CHUCK?
If ethanol is such a great fuel, why don't farmers use it?  Sauce for the goose, sauce for the gander.
Coal on its way out like you #dirtyenergy bad for country #votehimout
Yep keep us solidly rooted in the past there Chuck. What a way to show the world how we are not a leader.
Solar offers good wages
What about wind and solar?
Iowa is a national leader in wind power, I'm pretty sure Grassley understands that and supports it.
I'm not trying to, but I think you have it backwards.

Grassley authored the original wind energy production tax credit in the 1990s.
Remind him, too, that he works for the people of the United States, no longer for the fossil fuel industry.
What about solar and wind?

Trump tweet this AM: What he failed to do in Congress, this order aims to do-- limit access to plans w/ pre-ex protections. 1/ https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/917698839846576130 …

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Speaking of energy, Putin sure wants those sanctions lifted so he can resume huge #Rosneft deal w/Exxon #TrumpRussia http://www.businessinsider.com/carter-page-trump-russia-igor-sechin-dossier-2017-1 …

Why ask? Trump was supposed to do this for Iowa if you gave him his SCOTUS judge. He got his judge & Iowa got zilch. You were played by a double talking, NYC, con man.  What happens to corn prices now?
When are you going to release transcript of Glenn Simpson's SJC testimony?
can you also address why he is building $25,000 secret soundproof rooms to talk with energy lobbyists on taxpayer dime?
We to focus on renewable energy. Coal is a dead resource
What will be done about him wasting taxpayer's money?
Coal is dead. This is an irresponsible position for the feds to take.
We’re still waiting on those transcripts that you are obviously hiding to protect corrupt as fuck trump
I quote you from a early morning TV broadcast SENATOR @ChuckGrassley of IOWA, " I have a lot  of work ahead.☻
You are out of touch with reality, coal is a step back to the 40's, nukes r dangerous, nat gas = poison in the air & water, earthquakes.
Missing the 20th century Chuck?
So you don't mind our air becoming murky? YOU Don't MIND our waters becoming polluted.  Good to know u continue to care about us (sarcasm)
Coal shouldnt be an option! I want to be able to breath
How about try to transition to renewable energy instead of dying industries like Coal? They'll be out of work if they don't learn new skills
Remind him he doesn't need a "Get Smart" booth while you're at it.
Coal is a dying industry that kills people. The only fed support should be retraining all the employees being injured by its disappearance.
Remind him coal peaked around WWI, Chuck.

BTW, can we put a coal slurry pit in your backyard?
Drop everything and #LockThemAllUp America has become the laughingstock of the world. Trump is unfit and a criminal to boot. #ImpeachTrump
Bruh
