Now you do your job? Should have been done over a year ago. Maybe you should try to representative IA and not your donors?
.@ChuckGrassley .@GOP  It wasn't important a year ago.  Merrick Garland!  #reapwhatyousow #wearewatching
and you are completely unqualified to do so, if you were, you would have given Garland the hearing he legally deserved
#stolenseat
@IowaGOP 
listened 2 any of these replies?! Iowa Is F'ing pissed off at u right now. & guess what We r the ones u represent
Try not to break your arm patting yourself on the back! And really, does it matter? #*Gorsuch*
You've lost all credibility and respect. What a hypocrite!
You didn't seem to hold this role in such high esteem last year....
Oh really Chuck? Only important when a white republican does the nominating, huh? How do you hypocrites look your children in the eyes?
Too bad you didn't do your job earlier with Obama's choice
massive stain on senate repubs ignoring Merrick Garland Americans want U2  follow constitution not making ur own rules
it wasn't so important when #Garland was nominated you #traitor. Is the cancer winning yet?
What a difference a year makes. Since trump is on his way to being impeached, he's a lame duck. Maybe you should wait?
how can we confirm someone to the Supreme Court The president has nominated when the president is under FBI investigation?
, using the term "the Democrat Party" & blocking a duly elected president's nominee (Judge Garland) show your partisan stance
ALL SENATE HRGS MUST STOP TIL ALL INVESTIGATIONS R COMPLETED. COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY, SIR, IS WHAT WE EXPECT. 
#MidTerms
Looking forward to seeing Gorsuch on the bench quickly! Go nuclear early, Dems will be haters to the end! America first...
if you couldn't bring yourself to hold hearings for Garland, why be so proud this year? Disappointed in U yet again.
How come you didn't consider it so important for Judge Garland's nomination?
I wouldn't bother with this if I was you since we seem to have a lame duck in the White House
#StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat #StolenSeat
How does it feel to be a cheater, in a party of cheaters, trying to rob the American people of democracy? Have you no honor?
Just get him confirmed.  So much time being wasted.
Just a shade over a year after the rightful nominee was put forward. You fail at your job.
- should be Merrick Garland's seat. Typical politician putting party before the people; you should be ashamed Senator
Whoa there cowboy!  Yam Jung-Un and his cronies are being investigated by FBI for collision w/Russia. This isn't a good time.
U thought HRC would be Pres so you didn't vote for SCJ? Now you appoint a Russian SCJ appointee. Always be known as such.
why did Merrick GARLAND not get a hearing??? Hypocrites
please get the supreme judge confirmation Our country deserves to be made whole
To bad you couldn't bother to do this a year ago huh??
why was this not important for President Obama's nominee? You can"t pick & choose who to have hearings on. Resign.
#MerrickGarland
Boy that is a Record for you! A 4 Day work Week! You will have to take a Month Off Now!
All of you Republicans will be gone by 2020.
As there is a campaign rally for @realDonaldTrump tonight, you can NOT confirm a Supreme Court nominee.
It's outrageous you violated the Constitution & abrogated your duty, refusied to vote on President's nominee Merrick Garland.
I think you already dropped the ball on that duty. Merrick Garland, anyone?
& U will confirm him. Now explain why u didn't #DoYourJob 6 mos ago? No really, explain it 2 me. That is also part of yr job.
Giving Gorsch a hearing when you did not give Garland one...this just show how unethical you are.  GOP=Party of Corruption.
2016: "It'd be a waste of time."
2017: "Sure, USA in turmoil, @POTUS clearly incompetent, but let's cram in some GOP judges!"
.@ChuckGrassley does #Gorsuch have character? Or did he take the hand of "pussy grabber" to advance his own career?
only a year after the fact? Have you returned your unearned income for the year you didn't #DoYourJob?
.@ChuckGrassley So you're saying you were unwilling to perform one of your most important functions last year? #SCOTUS #Garland #Gorsuch
It's about time, Democrats are off their rockers you gotta stop this socialism BS immediately
#MerrickGarland #NoGorsuch
you made it 'unimportant' by overlooking Garland and waiting more than a year. Which means you also lost your credibility...
we cannot address this until we know our government is free of treason!
God, you're a hypocrite. BTW, my Iowa farmer relatives are disgusted by your partisanship.
Too bad you didn't think like this last year! Garland Merrick!!!!!!!!! #BruceWasRight
Why are you allowing this extremist his review when you stopped Obama's moderate pick? Are you a hypocrite, Chuck? A bigot?
Since POTUS is under investigation for collusion with Russia, no hearing on SCOTUS now. NONE.
Are you intentionally obtuse?
...Are... Are you being sarcastic? I hope you're being sarcastic.
The fact you can seriously tweet this after the stand you made last year makes me reconsider my next IA vote. Do you care?
my next votes will be the same as my last ones.... against Grassley, King, Trump & Clinton
Truth:In light of recent judicial overreach we can't allow Dems to drag out the confirmation of judge Goursuch as they intend
UR a hypocrite of the highest order Chuckles. It was important throughout most of 2016 too u partisan hack #garland
calling BS on this one Chuck. You were an obstructionist last year when a perfectly fine SCOTUS nomination was proposed.
I bet it was such a special day when you decided to try and do your constitutional duties, the Chairman gets a gold star!
@senjudiciary confirm gorsuch. Dems hate him b/c he is not a communist traitor.
funny you didn't feel this way one year ago with Merrick Garland.
STOP LETTING THE DEMS RUN YOUR COMMITTE.  BE A LEADER!
you did your job with Judge Garland. Keep up the great work.
Aren't you obligated to citizens to hold hearings & a vote re: Merrick Garland first @ChuckGrassley?
@DvMxMhn @GOP @SenateMajLdr @POTUS
Agree They should have held hearings when BO was around then voted him down
Can't say how they should've voted but they should have done their jobs.
@MyBoysKaosHavoK @ChuckGrassley @DvMxMhn @GOP @SenateMajLdr @POTUS
@senjudiciary And yet, none for Merrick Garland. You let the US down!
We won't forget you failed to do your job for over a year for your own agenda. It's a story we'll tell our grandchildren
If we couldn't look at Garland in @POTUS44's final year, how can we consider Gorsuch in @realDonaldTrump's final year @ChuckGrassley?
@GOP
@cbs2iowa It was just as important a year ago. You were not concerned about doing your job then. Time for you to go home.
very important. Too bad you didn't have integrity to perform this "function" for Judge Garland.
Get to the bottom & dig up the Truth. We are counting on you to protect our nation.
. Why didn't you do your job last year?
traitor
don't confirm.  No confirmations during campaign. Trump has been campaigning.
Merrick Garland
If it's so important to you, why didn't you give Garland a hearing, you incoherent partisan hack
Hope you do a better job than cabinet hearings. You are total failure! Cheated Merrick Garland of this honor. Shameful!
Merrick Garland?
Getting a late start to this meeting, by about a year so...can't be that important to you, right?
This is what you should have been doing over a year ago. You should not be proud of your petulance. It wasn't very Iowan.
something you wouldn't do last year for the nominee of Obama
no gorsuch
You were supposed to do that for Merrick Garland
Noone should be seated until Trump is fully investigated for his illegal activities and unethical practices.
none for Judge Garland!!! If you don't get 60% you're going to change rules & make it 51&!  NOT RIGHT!
You and the rest of your @GOP ilk are an embarrassment to our democracy! #MerrickGarland #stolenseat
except during the last one where you did not do your job!
Why didn't you chair such meetings for Garland?
wake up you old fool. Garland was nominated last year. You're a political hack.
be on the lookout for gotcha questions. Franken in 2020
weren't you supposed to do that last year with the previous nominee?
NO.  80 YRS OF CONSIDERATE TRADITION AND U KNOW IT
You are a hypocrite, Chuck.
You abdicated that responsibility last year.  You are now a partisan hack and only second worst "Iowan" because of King.
maybe you should have done your job last year when you should have given Merrick Garland a hearing. SHAME ON YOU
So, now your job is important? We Iowans won't forget your obstruction when we're at the ballot box.
We have been voting against him for a long time!!! Should have retired years ago! He votes party line!
You didn't care as much about that responsibility last year.
hearing on Merrick Garland?
Finally, the Merrick Garland confirmation.
about 14 months late
List of Republican priorities: 
1: Consolidate power
2: screw the voters
3: enrich selves
4: Repeat steps 1-3.
Garland- dope!
strange how important it is in 2017 but not a year ago? This is #merrickgarland stolen hearing. Drain the swamp.
That you proudly proclaim this is telling. Blocking #MerrickGarland's hearing was shameful & vile. Shame on you, Chuck.
total disgust. I can only hope that Grassley is found guilty of treasonous acts in the Russian cover up
Oh!  That would be awesome!  Maybe he could go to Jina with Braindead.
Blew that by refusing your duty with Judge Garland. Lost all credibility! Partisan Political HACK. @morning_joe @politico
For Garland?
you should have done that a year ago! That's when you lost credibility with me. Have considered you untrustworthy since.
He shouldn't be able to nominate a justice in the last few days of his presidency.  You had better hold off that hearing!
I couldn't love this comment more!  Bravo Gary! 
the whole process has been dishonest and against Iowa principles. I don't understand why you are doing this.
Right after Merrick Garland get his hearing.
If #Gorsuch was truly a constitutionalist he'd withdraw and tell the committee to confirm #MerrickGarland.
lol you complete hypocrite
weird that it didn't seem so important to you a year ago
. @ChuckGrassley If it's 1 of most important functions, why no hearings for Merrick Garland?
wait you are going to hold hearings for this one?!? #draintheswamp
Please ask him to recuse on Trump initiatives (Muslim Ban) and #TrumpRussia.  
And protect Roe v. Wade.
