Thank goodness.
And you do understand that many of the leaks the @whitehouse complains of aren't actually illegal, right?

Hi @ChuckGrassley - I'd like to report a senior Republican official colluding with Russia's Marakov, his name is "Chuck Grassley" cc @FBI 
#oldmantweets
Leaking criminal info makes them better for our country.  Hiding it @HouseGOP hurts the country.  If there weren't leakers we would t know
So we should add those Patriots who are acting as whistle blowers in the shadows as they know the Republicans will do NOTHING with the info!
Need an editor?
Nah, Grassley just needs bigger buttons on his Jitterbug senior cell phone.
Is Grassley for or against Comey testifying?
NOT LEAKS ITS CALLED PATRIOTIC WHISTLE BLOWING
Spend even half as much time worried about investigation as you do leaks & we might buy that u care more about yr country than yr party.
A very sad, sorry, depressing and inexcusable set of affairs. These #leakers need to be caught, prosecuted and jailed!
You seem EXTREMELY bias.  Aren't you supposed to be fighting for Americans & the Constitution over political party?
Maybe had you not conspired against your country you wouldn't have to worry about leaks...
We respect Grassley for standing up as a strong Republican! We need more like him.
Standing up to whom? He needs to stand up for America, not the Russians. He needs to stand up for the FBI, not the KGB
Propaganda believer!
Your tweets will make more sense if you look at what you typed Before posting..
People wouldn't leak if they trusted the process. That fact alone should serve as a wake up call to the GOP. No trusts you.
Put country over party first and there would be no need for the slow drip of truth. You sir are complicit!  God help you-
You should talk to Mike Pence about your concerns.
Thank you for doing the right thing on these issues 
Mueller isn't going to help POTUS, either is GOP. All this does is help democrats. Comey leaked, most Dems & republicans wanted him gone
Dude, break it into two tweets.
Chuck no one understands what the fuck you're talking about
You know why, Chuck? Because the leakers are IN THE WHITE HOUSE and they are fearful for our country's democracy!
Leaks continue in order to save our DEMOCRACY. You should be worried about the reason and content, not the leaks
How in the world could they agree 2 Mueller when he was tight w Comey n his mentor? He also made a grand faux pax in 2007 n had 2 b reversed
what the hell?  either way... The American people are your employers, not Trump and/or GOP. You serve at the pleasure of US. So Serve!
@ChuckGrassley you're just another #DumpOnADesk defender. You have zero credibility and zero honor.
Leaks happen because there are real patriots in DC that want to stop the maddnes happening when elected officials have their head in sand!!
It's leaking it's pour'n        The Repub's are mourn'n.   He fired a Fed and now his party's dead and can't stop the leaks from a pour'n
I Hope You had this Concern Last year during the Election. Russia Hacks,False BS News. Everyday TRUMP was putting stuff out. NOW TRUE FACTS
You were cool with leaks when it helped the @GOP
GOOD. MORE PLEASE. THE American people are doing more with the information than you and your complicit cronies ever would have ...

I don't want the leaks to stop.  We need to know what's going on in our government.   Is it getting too hot under the spotlight Chuck?
TRAITOR
Staffers spilling to press are more American than you Congress ppl that don't care what Trump does & let him blatantly violate Constitution
Leaks aren't the issue, misconduct by Trump and his associates is.
So, you're saying acts of war against the US are good, but whistleblower leaks are bad? That makes you a traitor, Chuck.
I expect you to continue to be a fossil that commits treason. Resign now!
will Mueller recuse himself? his relationship w/comey and as partner in firm that represented kushner isnt a problem?
@ChuckGrassley @GOP we constituents appreciate the leaks b/c  we see Congress doing nothing about the crimes that are being committed

Dude, get a checkup. You ain't right in the head.
Start a Separate investigation into LEAKS under AG Sessions, LEAKS may then stop
I DONT KNOW WHAT YOURE SAYING!
It's like letting a 4 year old tweet
hold open #townhalls
#timetoretire
America loves patriots. They hate Congress. The leaks are going to be so painful for GOP, big league.
Are you against all leaks or only leaks that harm your opponent?
Leak On People, Leak On!!!  #RESIST #TRUMPRUSSIA #REPUBLICANS #ImpeachTrumpPenceSessionsMcConnellRyan  #InvestigateGrassleyToo
Sir....I'm shocked that you are more concerned about the leaks and not the severe corruption our POTUS is involved in.
Lol, @ChuckGrassley - 
trying to be kewl, 
lookin' like a fool,
really just a tool.
Supporting and defending an amoral narcissistic pathological liar, and the biggest current danger to the USA. #grassley #shameful
#NeverVoteGOP   
ONE last chance to get on right side of history! Entire Trump WH going down & most of GOP leaders
COME CLEAN or LOSE!
You seem more concerned about who called the cops when our House got broken into than who actual robbed us...wth is up with that?
At this point you are as complicit as he is in Russian election interference
What abt ur Russian connections, Chuck?
Gassy es muy loco. EABOD, Chuck.
Russia. Russia. Russia. Russia. Russia. Russia. Russia. Russia. Russia. Russia. Russia. Russia.

This is about Russia, Sir.

#TrumpRussia
Do your job
You haven't uttered one word about DT's leak of classified info. Not a problem for you obviously. Can you spell h.y.p.o.c.r.i.t.e?
Take your victimhood somewhere else you fucking pussy
Reads like a pocket tweet
Another grifter hack putting party over country.
Mrschin fblzgk chew chew mumbdy gobbledy blatfherv sss pusfgd veeblsteinvorpal
no shit?
Yeah, just @potus told the Russians that a ex-FBI director with decades of public service was "crazy, a real nut job", but nothing here?
You support English as the official language of the US. Why aren't you tweeting in it?
w/ Mueller and Comey being attached at the hip, expect leaks that favor Comey
Maybe if you read some of your replies than you would stop tweeting out this treasonous garbage.
I can tell you do dont do tour own tweeting, i hope your aide has you read responses...HELP THE PRESIDENT!! STAND WITH HIM AND AMERICA!!!!
Do you really care about leaks or you are shameless partisan hack, Senator?
FP: Israeli intel officers were shouting at US officials in mtgs, furious Trump may have compromised a vital source http://atfp.co/2rmI20e  
Um . . . did you drunktweet this?
If you and your party had stepped up when you should have, I bet we'd have fewer leaks. This is ALL on you, Chuck.
doesn't keep media from putting out news about it.  Where is the crime?  Why has an independent counsel been put into place?
You shouldn't drunk tweet!
Had the Republican Senate been anything but blindly loyal to Trump, maybe they'd reach out to you. But why call Trump's soldiers?
there can't be leaks if the admin is honest & not covering up. Leakers aren't the prob-traitors are.
Did they catch the horse that kicked you in the head?
Without leaks, Watergate would have been a page 10 story about a break-in. We need full disclosure, on ALL fronts.

Who's side are YOU on?
Hey @PatGrassley , remember when Grandpa posed with Russians and wouldn't stop tweeting about it?  Iowans won't either. No Sen seat 4 U.
Iowans will not allow your "dynasty" to continue! You and gramps are done! #ImpeachTrump
We are looking for truth, ethics, justice, transparency, praise God for these leaks, @IowaGOP should stop bearing false witness.
At what point do you acknowledge that Russian interference/compromising of Trump admin is a bigger deal than the leaks? Are you compromised?
Potentially compromised yes
Ok, Chuck.
Leaks are good.  Apparently the only. Truth coming out of the White House of Lies.
Oh give it a rest . You are a moron !!
Haha.  No, actually I am far from the nasty word you called me, but have a nice day.
And smuller / Fleur-de-lis reported.
It's time for you to retire.
Tell'em like it is Sir.
Who is worried about THAT??? The press is our only hope to keep you even close to honest.
If YOU would do your job, our public servants wouldn't feel compelled to leak. Where is your courage and leadership? (#EmperorHasNoClothes!)
We know who's side you are on... 
Love the Russian colors there....
