It's time to retire. Lots of American regard these "leakers" as patriots. Trump doesn't care about anyone but himself. #retireChuck
Poor chuck. He doesn't understand if GOP was as treacherous as fuck, he wouldn't have to worry about leaks.
His party is a cesspool and he's pissed the people it's supposed to be working for are finding out just how bad it really is
True & you wonder why Trump followed the recommendations of Deputy AG & Sessions? Trump was nice to give Comey a chance to get things done.
You are blatantly carrying water for this treasonous regime. Your aid to the #TrumpRussiaCoverUp will not be forgotten. Your legacy is dead.
You are to damn old and your comments prove it. Try being an American rather than a Republican.
Boo hoo---if it weren't for the leaks you would have covered all this up.
You are a disgrace to your office.
News Grassley,  found Leaker, Trump leaked top secrets to 2 Russians in Oval Office wasn't his to share, Now Prosecute!
Anti-Trump? How about anti-Treason, anti-corruption, anti-Russian coup, anti-Obstruction of Justice, etc? Why are you defending a traitor?
Good luck with that diversionary bullshit, Senator. Is your power and status worth losing all honor and duty to country?
we have photos all over twitter of you with Russian oligarch!
That what you call "stuff" Chuck? Potential crimes by the President and his staff. As an Iowan you make me sick... yes "sick" Turncoat Chuck
So you don't have a problem with the information just that the American people now know the corrupt gov? Last term!!!
If Obama did a 1/4 if what the Trump team had done. You would be calling for his head.
HOW DARE you disparage our IC publicly-you are a crook as well as hideous on the eyes
Country first! Something you lost sight of!
Unlike yourself, patriots are serious about draining the swamp.  Why do you insist on misdirection on the Russia investigation? Afraid?
When the leaks were coming from Rudy Giuliani, where were you @ChuckGrassley?
Thank god somebody is!
Dunno Chuck. @POTUS just let Israel and the UK down and he alas let the Philippine dictator know where our nuclear subs are
Do you get that Donald himself is your worst problem? People are leaking becUse they fear their country is being destroyed. Wouldn't you?
Obviously he doesn't care. None of the @SenateGOP or @HouseGOP will defend our country. They are all bought & paid for with the same dirty $
I'm pretty sure this sums up the leaders in the Intel Community @ChuckGrassley you may stand by and let Russia own our POTUS but they won't!
If congress was doing its job, people wouldn't feel the need to leak. Balance of power is failing us right now, so ppl do what they need to.
There's just so much treason going on. Can't really blame the leakers. Fighting the 2nd American Revolution. #Resist
concentrate on the "trump stuff"...not on the messanger..
And really, focusing on leaks is like pulling an ambulance over for speeding. Bigger picture, Senator.
Thank you Senator Grassley  
These are patriots whistleblowing, not leaking. And they are utilizing Congressional protections because they don't trust you!
Sorry to critique your spelling, but in this case "leaking" should be spelled:
  W-H-I-S-T-L-E-B-L-O-W-I-N-G

Glad I could help.
"...this Trump stuff." If the topic were his collection of toothbrushes that might be appropriate. It's not. Stuff = HC & M. #highcrimes
Go to sleep old man, it's past your bedtime
He sounds like f*cking Whitey Bulger. You're not a mob boss trying to get the rat, @ChuckGrassley You're a public SERVANT.
How is he still there? Who votes for these people?
Fine line between leaks & whistleblowing. Had no one leaked to WaPo, Gen. Flynn would still be selling the store to the Russians. Nice try
Doesn't that tell you something? If nothing was wrong and democracy not under threat, there would be no leaks.
Leaks are necessary because you are all in on the cover up. Leaks are what got Nixon. Flynn would still be in WH if not for leaks.
And we're all appreciative.
where is your outrage over trump's leaks? 45 leaked intelligence, comprised source put safety at risk, leaked location of sub
You best listen to your constituents and get on board with this impeachment
Take off your blinders, Chucky. This 45* stuff is impeachable, but you & other Rs put party over country. You have no honor.
Chuck your my senator man. I send you messages daily thru ResistBot. Do your damn job for Iowa or your seat will get flipped
Because trump has degraded them you idiot. Don't mess with IC.The more you all lie the more they are coming for you. You wont catch them btw
would you prefer we are in the dark about Russian connection so you could use trump to push your agenda? Inconvenient truth.
Like your boy Donny always says about leaking Chucky: It's better to be pissed on than pissed off. Traitor Donny just loves to be leaked on.
clearly you are #teamtreason, leakers are patriots protecting our democracy, where is your outrage on the Russia connections?
You are complicit.
Yes, typically leaks increase about 1000%, under Fascist regimes, like trump's. Also when the president is suspected of being foreign agent.
And BTW, the WH leaks more than everyone else put together. FBI didn't leak DT blabbing to Kislyak, or putting the arm on Comey, did they?
Maybe because they LOVE our country unlike you and your fellow GOP
Every time Trump tries to spread falsehoods, leakers debunk them. If he stops trying to game the system and let the chips fall...?
Thinking?  #Acting.
Thank God Americans deserve to know how America's democracy is crumbling also which ones holding office aren't protecting us and need to go.
Lol! You are literally putting yourself in the barrel today, @ChuckGrassley .
You're strangely confused about the difference between "leaking" and "whistleblowing."
They are trying to save the Republic since EVERYONE in power seems to be corrupt. HISTORY WATCHES.
Maybe if Trump stopped lying ("I've been cleared!") and putting words in ppl's mouths, leakers wldnt see the need to get the truth out.
Chuck, you've been there too long, next election, you'll be gone. No room for people who treat citizens like chattel.
Udon't get to trash the IC and not have it bite you. Trump is learning this painful lesson daily. Many in GOP are on same course
Are you nervous?
Not just complicit. He probably took cash too. Shame. Nevermind they probably don't feel shame anymore.
But by all means it was OK that Trump called for Russia(an enemy of the US)to hack into the United States. The Hypocrisy, you're  a hack!
Thank God all the leaks last summer never hurt anything, huh?!
because they are trying to get Congress to TAKE ACTION AND IMPEACH THIS MENACE
You stopped caring for this country a long time ago. The real patriots are the ones giving info you try to keep hidden. Time for you to go.
The leakers just want justice to be done since Republicans would rather have criminals running the country. I consider them heros.
This trump stuff is gonna end your career sad sack!
Same thing with Watergate and 'Deep Throat'.  Without him nothing would've been done. If you have nothing to hide there will be no leaks.
Not Guiliani though right?
There's a Russian asset in the White House and you're tweeting *this*?!

Have you lost all sense of perspective, sir?
Americans deserve the Truth, stop deflecting
Heroes in a time of Trump treason and corruption.
You'd have no problem with leaks that benefitted your party. Don't be coy.
Sir, "Trump stuff" comes from what he personally says. Do your job. Balance Trump with his RU ties and evil budget.
Is it worse to be the leaker or the one who commits the crime? If you don't know the answer you don't deserve to be on your committee.
Chuck don't get too close to the sun with this guy. He is not going to last......
Should give you a hint about how little respect he has and how little his leadership inspires. Loyalty is driven by respect.
Keep supporting a Traitor, Chuck. Way to go. #TraitorTrump
I honestly don't understand why you're more concerned about leaks than the fact that Putin clearly influences the White House. #TrumpRussia
It is all leaking like a sieve as Obama made provision for that.  Wish it would stop and we could move on!  Trump/Russian Probe is not real!
WH leaks are many of their own doing. Time will tell. Americans want the truth.
FBI tried desperately 2 influence election reason 4 Comey announced not enough to prosecute trying 2 help criminal Hillary
McCabe needs to get fired.. so does NSA Dir Rogers
The Partisan Party is over for you.
Which is a very good thing for the country.
@idaveprice informs. The word is "informs".  See transparency, democracy. Still think GOP above the law? Why?
And yet they didn't when it counted, before the election. What's changed? 45.
That is because they know what a dangerous traitor he is.  You can't keep an open mind on this investigation if u choose party over people.
Thing about leaks is  - - is this information the public needs to know?
Looks like the Boss of "The Family" isn't in control of the situation.
Grassley pretending like leaks haven't always been going on.  Yawn. We see you trying to obstruct FBI Trump RU investigation Chuckie
Stop you're embarrassing yourself
It's because he sh*ts all over them Senator, and the FBI is charged with protecting the interests of the American people.
Senator, think of the leaks as Democracy's flop sweat as it fights off Ebola.  Unpleasant, yes.  But the body is merely trying to survive.
Can someone in Chuck's office take his phone away?  He is embarrassing to the state of Iowa.
If it was Obama you wouldn't care.  Mitch McConnell needs a well placed clot, that would do a lot for the country.
That's because some people actually love this country more than their personal power trip. I know it's a new concept for ya...
If Trump wasn't an incompetent traitor, there won't be any leaks or minimal. GOP seems to have forgotten We The People! We'll #NeverForget
I think we are beyond "Trump Stuff" but nice try at minimizing
#TrumpRussia #KremlinGate #SpecialCounsel #Impeach45 #Resist  #ComeyMemo #TrumpLeaks
maybe because they know you won't investigate. You've spent more time on BS email story, then Trump's treason.  Do your job
#Congress WHY NOT PAY #MedicareTaxes on $65,000 that U  #DONT PAY tax on ,thats  $650K n10 yrs,thats near $2 million over 30YEARS #taxreform
Aiding and abetting. All of you @gop. Enablers. The @GOP must go ....
We have the right to have a list of names who voted Yea and na for Special Counsel behind closed doors they won't get elected
Everything that is dishonest about any politician should be leaked. Americans want the truth.
Do you know what's worse than leaking? Colluding with Russia:
Perhaps the FBI is for the citizens, versus you and and your new ruskie bedfellows chuckie. Sad
You afraid, Chuckey, that soon you'll be in the barrel too?
Chuck you are too old to understand.  Your defensiveness makes people think you have something to hide.  Is ur whole party in bed with Putin

It's disgusting. These people must be found and prosecuted by the @TheJusticeDept. Thank you for standing up. You're one of the only ones
There is a cover-up in @GOP @WhiteHouse @GOPoversight @GOPLeader they would be idiots to take info there. TREASON
A more accurate term is "whistleblower" in this context.  

You haven't seemed to realize the peril Trump represents to us.
Be quiet #trump junior. Resign.
Is the GOP really missing the point or diverting? Focus on the substance of the leaks, not who is leaking.
Pissflake, stop!
Here's a thought: if illegal behavior was not happening, then there would be nothing to leak.
Only safe avenue now. R leaders cannot b trusted to get to the truth. Ur focus should b on Russians not Americans.
Yup! And the entire @GOP is going down for receiving criminal Russian laundered money directly to #GOP campaign. POTUS @OrrinHatch
#treason
Do something about it.  Write laws with some damn teeth in them, mandatory sentences & pull security clearance from Obama
They'll try to assassinate Trump, Chuck #ObamaGate #DeepState #Vault7
This the thinking of Traitors. Stop.
How do you know the leaks are coming from the FBI?  They weren't present when @realDonaldTrump met with Kisliyak & Lavarov #SuckItUp #MoveOn
If the committees had been doing their jobs, they wouldn't need to leak things to protect our country from you and your party.
Walk across the aisle with your hand extended and apologize. Restore a bit of your dignity and integrity. Leakers doing more 4 USA than u
Because he is dangerous and because he has screwed them from before day one.
Here's hoping it ruins your weekend, old man.   #Sieves
THIS IS WHY REPUBS WANT TO OBSTRUCT Trump RU Invest
Doc: Trump's biggest funder gave $20,000,000 to Paul Ryan's Super PAC in August-2016

#trumpleaks #trumprussia #resist #impeachtrump 

Doc: Trump's biggest funder gave $20,000,000 to Paul Ryan's Super PAC in August-2016

#trumpleaks #trumprussia #resist #impeachtrump 
Amazing what Repubs would like 2keep from American people.  We have a POTUS telling an Enemy State highly class Intel- & yr pissed abtLEAKS
Americans appreciate that SOMEBODY in government is telling us the truth about this President.  Since Repubs refuse to do their J-O-B.
Americans GET that leaking 'Embarrassing info' on Trump is NOT the same as leaking 'Classified Information'.
???????
This is what I surmised yesterday.. Love the way you represent America @ChuckGrassley
should you be thinking about something else, something WAY more important to our country?  Like, I don't know...collusion
I don't like you, Chuck.
The FBI is not Trumps friend or any Republican for that matter.  Trump needs to fire all Obama people in the FBI and move on!
Extraordinary times deserve extraordinary efforts but please continue to provide shade while the nut's fall.
Average people vote - and they see right through this bullshit.
When U screw every employee but 1 or 2, people notice. Shows how most politicians seem disconnected. HC? Why we have the best. No 1 Dies?
Comey is no longer in the FBI. He has every right to talk. First amendment, remember? And it's the WH which is leaking worse.
GOOD!!!!
True Patriots fighting for our democracy. @GOP have done nothing but try to interfere with justice. We will see you gone.
do you have proof of this? or are you just lashing out because #TreasonousTrump is being exposed by #RealPatriots and it confuses you?
YES!  Blame the Tattle Tails, not the Traitor they are tattling on.
Chuck, think of the "leakers" as whistleblowers. You know, patriots that expose corruption. Aren't you the champion of whistleblowers?
Worried, aren't you? So, exactly how much Russian money was laundered into the GOP?
When treason or high crimes are in play maybe that should not be your primary concern?
Your party, the GOP, seems extremely concerned about leaks to our country's free press but not at all with leaks which originate with POTUS.
Have you forgotten for whom you work? The People are your boss and have a right to know when you're not doing your job
You do not care one iota about the state of the country, only about the state of the GOP.  So thank heavens for those sharing impt info!
Worried much?
I'm originally from Iowa and grew up with you representing Iowans.  I always thought you had integrity..I was wrong
Should have retired before the senility set in
You are more concerned with leaks than the fact that the President of the United States colluded with a foreign power. RESIGN. #complicit
Good! They are the real patriots! T45 and his lackeys can't keep their Russian cover.
Thinking huh? I know just reading Trump's printed talking points has been a struggle for you.
The President sets the example for our country.
Well, Chuck, perhaps you should start giving a fuck about this county.
It's not leaking if it's part of a planned  op
Yeah, the LEAKS aren't the problem. And you and your other congressional buddies are the reason for them. Step up or step down, sir.
The leaks are from White House. My mom in Burlington thinks you've been in Washington too long. You're not trump's Senator, your hers.
If You were an American you would want to know The Truth about Trump/Russia Not try to Stop Investigation! You need to Shut Up!
Senator, that's the same thing G. Gordon Liddy said...
We know the GOP WOULD KEEP THE TRUTH FROM US! Bes, most of the leaks are coming from the White House because they know Trump is up 2 NO good
Americans are fortunate 4 the leaks! Otherwise we'd NEVER know what's really happening! FREE PRESS MAYB THE ONLY WAY 2 SAVE OUR DEMOCRACY!!!
while you' e been blustering, the tide has turned. Please stop.
History will be a harsh judge.  Twitter comments will soon be in history books and analyzed in law school.  #Legacy
And you know it is FBI ? Careful ....    and care to address trump leaking Israel classified info ?  I'll wait
They leak because we pay ALL of your salaries! We deserve to know if our President is a traitor!
Keep looking out for us senator
Thank you
Again, Chuck.  Russia is leaking.
His own White House leaks bigly - and that should tell u something.

