Transparency matters. Why are you letting Trump keep his tax returns a secret? What's he hiding? 

#TrumpRussiaCollusion
I've been sayingbteansoarency matters too. Where's Obsnas college records, medical records? Why are they sealed?
(Obama has been moved to history, FYI. And when he released information, he was accused of making it up. Stop with the birther crap.)
I'm not saying anything about him being born in Kenya or birther crap. I'm simply curious why his college & medical records are sealed
Like if he lied and got aid as a "foreign student."
It doesn't really matter because no matter what the truth is, you will never acknowledge it. Sad!
What if the truth is that he did claim foreign student status? Would you accept that?
I'm not certain if that makes him "natural born". McCain was born Panama. Cruz born Canada. They ran.
So you're thinking @realDonaldTrump can make a decision that doesn't involve his own money ?  Hee/hee good one Chuckie!
Can you site an example of how Pres Trump has made decisions as to making money since Jan 20th? He's no longer in charge of the Trump brand
Michelle, your so silly. Yet we know he's going to produce his taxes as soon as the audit is done. Mueller is working on it.
You're**
Speled Mueller okay?
Yes you did !  imdaughter in an English major. She still rides me over the your and there thing.
Where’s @realDonaldTrump tax returns?
I figured they were with Pres & Mrs Obamas sealed college records & their medical records. Cost million to keep them privy
Barry and Big Mike!
Hey, Chuck...what about tax cuts for the rich?
Trump tax reform plan: Tax Policy analysis shows lower taxes for rich
Almost every tax cut and increase disproportionately affects the rich because they pay the majority of all taxes. This is simple.
Correct. If you don't pay taxes, how does a tax cut affect you...
Transparency? Demand the release of the White House visitor logs, every #45 property that conducts "business", and 45's tax returns.
Release all the records on Hillary, she belongs behind bars
Feeling a little stupid now?
POTUS released JFK records very important !
Why don’t you worry about current records relating to Russia, @ChuckGrassley ???
Thank you Senator Grassley for standing up for the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.
All of the records should have been released. Your party messes up again!
Senator, while this is important, when will #H1B visa scam be taken care of? Enough is enough. Country is being stripped off good jobs.
Trump will treat the drip drip release of the info like an episode of the Apprentice
#TrumpDossier
We should never close fills. We need transparency.
unless there is still one or more people alive in on the conspiracy
Tough  for them.
what if one of them is a former president?
Probably is. If it's true he should face justice who cares if he's 90+?
They never face justice on Earth. I just hope there's a hell waiting for them.
Well they're probably banking on heaven if they were baptized as infants. Good luck with that one!
Yeah, God knows if someone is truly repentant.
Chuck, @realDonaldTrump is covering up his father’s involvement in the assassination. It is so very clear now.
@potus 100% of the JFK files must be released NOW. There is NO reason to HIDE them anymore, none.
That's what you're focused on? How about focusing on the guy in the White House trying to kill the rest of us? Get your head in the game sir
Trump will block, unless docs prove his charge that Ted Cruz's dad killed JFK.
They still can"t release the files. What are they hiding?

https://www.youtube.com/edit?o=U&video_id=mRH7qTLzxvU …
Find out who funded the dirty dossier !
Don't we know it's the FBI?
Is that the calm before the storm ?
You say the JFK records should be released yet you're obstructing the truth about @realDonaldtrump/Russia. WHY?!?
Another democrat scandal
don't worry chuck. leave this one with me.


Grassley staffer says the Judiciary Cmte isn't running a full Trump-Russia probe, just routine oversight of DOJ. https://www.thedailybeast.com/senate-russia-probe-is-not-really-investigating-russia-staffers-say …
we already know what happened, Lee Harvey Oswald took the shot and assassinated JFK, Stop trying to distract from the #TrumpRussia probe.
https://www.thedailybeast.com/senate-russia-probe-is-not-really-investigating-russia-staffers-say …
FBI needs to explain how they missed Las Vegas killer! FBI is incompetent, investigation needed! FBI obstructing justice! @JudicialWatch
Would love to know he truth about JFK before l die. I was 7 when he was assassinated. My father cried.
Americans are tired of sealed records. McCain is another one with sealed records.
SAME REASON THAT U WON'T RELEASE THE INTERVIEW FROM THE COMPANY THAT DID THE STEELE DOSSIER!
For them to be held for that long, they're hiding something
Yeah... nothing like 55 years to taint documents in order to cover a crime and installation of deep state.
Truth stranger than fiction. JFK, RFK, Marilyn Monroe all threatened extra-terrestrial existence disclosure and were silenced.
9 million kids without health care, and this is what you tweet about? REALLY?
We'll find out for real for real if @realDonaldTrump is part of the #NWO if he blocks it then we know ! Re investigate 911: p.s insidejob
You mean the records that were destroyed or altered which doesn't leave much??
Watch as NOthing happens
Yes!!
The RNC knows what the hell is going on https://prod-cdn-static.gop.com/media/documents/Resolution+on+Protecting+Taxpayers+by+Restoring+Safety+and+Soundness+to+Government-Sponsored++Enterprises.pdf … Why is the Rhino Party Housing Finance Committee grandstanding opposite?
Next they will call for Obama’s kindergarten records!
Good idea.  Please press for the release.  Thank you for your conservative stance.
viet cong?
Interesting timing seeing how tbe FBI is covering up truth about LV  shooting. Didn't JFK want to dismantle FBI?
Now that's what I'm talking about,
History repeating itself
Why . . . in the first place?  American Citizens can't handle the Truth?  Or, were there powerful politicians and People of Wealth involved?
It was probably ze Russians!
No reason for him to hide his taxes, or so he says. And yet....
Please release them @POTUS
#JFKassassination,  
9/11 = #InsideJob
#InsideJob ?
Swampage.
As Kevin Costner said, this "may become generational".
If as J Corbett suggests, it might say Russia did it, then it will probably be released.  Fits the current narrative for the MIC, DEMS, DS.
I Pres Johnson had something to do with killing JFK.
Why is there ever a reason to keep truth hidden? Ohhh that's right, because over time, every inconvenient truth can be whitewashed away.
@TrumpThatHate  We want HRC and Barack insane Obama's records released.
and shockingly.. none of his college classmates remember him.... lots to hide. 
Who is Larry Sinclair..
no need, ....
Read not too long ago that all these records were "lost"...?
Why did Congress hide the JFK assesination records to begin with? Sounds fishy.
Wouldn't that take attention away from Trump? He would have to talk about someone else? Why would he do that? Isn't he more interesting?
Oh, as a teacher, I am so ashamed of you!!
Why were they kept hidden for 25 years??
US says snake  in the Grassley cannot be trusted.
Well the CIA mite
#ReleaseJFK
While I'm sympathetic to the family. And I have always been interested. Ugly truths may not heal but may divide our country even farther.
Theyve probably destroyed anything important. They wouldnt release anything that would upset the `national security`.
Lat's face it, JFK was NOT killed by a 'LONE KOOK' he was killed by the US Shadow Govrn't--The Rothchild decedents! It's an infestation!
Unseal Bobo's records while ur at it. Show what he got away with!
Really Up-Chuck! This is your concerns right now? Mass shootings, Iowa schools getting death threats, PUTIN FOR CHRIST SAKES! Get real Chuck
The British Government releases it records on January 1st. Does US declassify every month or only at the start of the year?
Yes release them POTUS
Grassley: Shut it and focus on rleasing info about 45's involvement w Russia.  And his TAX RETURNS.  #ComplicitGOP
how do we know you haven't already seen the records?  what is it you want the public to know?
This is like the LEAST important thing for you to focus on. Jesus H Criminey! You need to retire!
Subject Change. Where is your outrage over Cabinet Secty's Government Flight abuse? Remember 2011 and DOJ's $16 muffins?
Way to keep your eye on the ball.
What exactly has he done lately that was constructive, thought-provoking, reflective except admire his reflection.
Probably some of the same congressmen in office
your country has been sold into slavery by OBAMA F*CK 25 YEARS AGO ITS 2017 WAKE THE FK UP
I believe Trump might be compromised or threatened by Deep State shits & likely keep it all covered.
And this is paramount now because?
And this is the most important thing right now??? Listen to your constituents vote NO on this tx reform
I want to know.  I remember this day vividly!
Can You Unlock The OBAMA ADMINISTRATION UNMASKING WEINERGATE @DWStweets  @HillaryClinton  UNSECURED SERVERS AND HACKED EMAIL'S
And 9/11 docs. Probably fudged like JFK's.
Sorry, too soon to talk about gun violence.
These truth's might amaze us!
What is wrong with your priorities old man?
It's said that one of the 6 presidents (still alive) was involved in the assassin of JFK is still alive. We the people know isn't Trump.
THIS shooting is what you think is important today!?
Time to retire Chuck, NOW.
or this?
It makes them more deadly? If the guy was ground level with a browning M2 a thousand people would be dead you people are so dumb about guns
There's a lot of dead people because of "dumb guns."  All automatic weapons should be banned in the US.
Who has been shot with an automatic gun?
Where in the hell have you been lately?
I'm more interested in what a lot of people in Congress are hiding about the RUSSIANS.

ok fine but, you assholes won't actually DO anything to have it happen.  Just more D.C. bullshit.
Not sure it is appropriate to discuss JFK assassination at this time.  Those that raise issue are politically motivated.
TEASER, goodone, keep the eyes on the price, not the shining object
Prosecute Hillary & Comey & IRS execs!
...where's 2 and 3? ...OIC  —someone please teach Sen. Grassley to thread tweets. Kthxbye 
They are there. Go to his feed. One after another 
@Cernovich https://youtu.be/LIh49mHwQ9M  this tune needs to be played for the world to hear. #bananaphone #BetterThanASmartphone
Build the wall. No amnesty, no citizenship. Stop destroying middle class.
Do you really think they will give out the real documents...deep state has that shit on lockdown.... No POTUS will be able to get them
Senator, hostile foreign actors tainted our election, Puerto Ricans need electricity, & it's legal to stockpile pseudo-auto assault rifles.
Release pls.
I’m sure the truth has long been shredded, but maybe they can shed some light on fact that millions remember either 4 or 6 in the car. #JFK
4 or 6, well, I think BOTH memories or realities are correct, as well as two different types of cars transporting #JFK that day.
It’s interesting stuff.. #QuantumRealities #JFK
Action, action! We want Action!!
See why approval is so low for these assholes? This guy has the balls to be talking about Releasing JFK files. This is the best we can do?
Who cares about that anymore? Keep them locked up,or destroy them,just doesn't matter,shouldn't matter.
It does if the CIA was involved.
A truth that will never be outed!
There's only one reason to block the release of the documents concerning the JFK assassination
i thought they"lost it" 
Yeah, since the @CIA had 55 years 2 cover their tracks. How naive we were not to realize that the #DeepState / #ShadowGovernment took contrl
The C.I.A. won't allow it I bet. They don't want it known they were involved...
TWEET ABOUT DACA !
SHOW AMERICA YOU GIVE A FUCK - TWEET ABOUT DACA
Distracting much?  Did you get elected to tweet distraction as our enemy destroys ??
Are you going to release the 9 hours of testimony re: Steele dossier?
Glad you’re focused on the critical issues, Senator.
Good to hear you’re on top of all the important issues Senator. Keep up the good work. 
Release them @realDonaldTrump
Just like the Glenn Simpson transcript of the his testimony!  Where is the released version Senator? @sruhle @joyammreid @NicolleDWallace
Have him release his tax returns too.  oh, the emails transferred to Trump servers.
Hellary already offered her help to destroy them. She's an expert. Pres Trump turned her down, told her she's a loser.
I’m sorry Chuck, there are way more important issues you should be focused on right now starting with gun safety.
Like jobs! Stop foreign worker visas. #getsomethingdone
Health care, Taxes, Moron-n-Whitehouse, Puerto Rico, Private plane rides for everyone...and you are focused on JFK assassination? #idiot
As long as Donald Trump doesn't see them first. He cannot be trusted with such important documents.
They don't have his name in them, so he wouldn't read them anyway.
They're more than three simple sentences so he probably couldn't follow them anyway.
"It is the conclusion of this congressional investigation that the shooter, who was not named TRUMP, acted alone, for political purposes not related to PRESIDENT TRUMP, who won the electoral college bigly."
You know its not "bigly", right. I can't believe y'all are still using it. Embarrassing.
You're right, it makes so much more sense when Trump says "we're going to cut taxes big league" than if he'd said "we're going to cut taxes bigly". Obviously, my joke is the problem here.
Merely pointing out your already ignorant rant applying Trump to the JFK thing was topped off with an incorrect term. Love the quotes tho.
Thank you for informing me that my joke was a joke, eagle. Keep it up.
In the wake of everything that’s going on, I am so glad you are devoting time and resources to this pressing issue!
Are you oblivious to what's going on in this country? Get your priorities straight. #ImpeachTrump
He's the only between deep state and protecting America's freedoms. Elitists, CEOs and Wall Street is deep state
Priority number one is starting impeachment hearings of your lunatic friend @realDonaldTrump
@Elise_Jordan How about you release the transcript from the Fusion GPS transcript, since @SenatorBurr says he has "hit a wall
Tell burr and Wagner to interview Debbie wassherface on hacked computers
You should all be sacked over there in congress .

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
Not if you live in a state like NY, Cali, Conn, VA, PA, RI, Mass. state tax no longer deductible. FL & TX make out like bandits
Link to SMEs
Reagan cut corporate taxes by 14% in '86. Here's what that did to avg. weekly wages:

1986—$285…
