Oh go worship Putin your Russian friends and Trump
Mueller delivered Uranium to the Russian's. Where's the outrage
The context that Wikileaks, run up that pro Russia skilled distortionist Julian Assange, failed to include.
Didn't the document claim that he delivered a "Sample" to the Russians? I wonder if the sample came from Uranium one?
See 

https://www.spartareport.com/2017/05/robert-mueller-fake-news/ …

For full context. The Wikileaks story is built on the r-wing's usual lies, distortions & clipped contexts.
Yeah but that is the same thing left -media does and most ALL mainstream media is left wing
As for MSM being l-wing --you R-wingers have a peculiar idea of what l-wing is. You think anything to left of Attila the Hun is l-wing.
I'm not a right winger. I'm a independent. The only reason I watch Fox "If" I ever do is because not every segment they report is about
Because you know comey has the goods - he showed them to you & @SenFeinstein in a classified briefing. Came out looking like a ghost, memba?
I sure remember. And Grassley was speechless.
Perhaps G-man is also implicated
Potentially... 
Do you people know how many Russians are running around in D.C.? TRUST ME their everywhere. My guess is some Dems are gonna be implicated to
It wouldn't surprise me if some Dems are implicated as well. I don't claim otherwise.
My point is. It is impossible to work in D.C. and not know half a dozen Russians this is ridiculous.
Fair enough, it'll all come out during the impeachment hearing, you're right.
Seems like you're right!
Comey already stated under oath that no one interfered with  investigation.. not impeachment worthy by law the POTUS could stop, he didn't
Most people get old and wiser. You get more partisan. You have no fear how you will be looked upon when you are dead, a$$hole?
Mueller has huge conflict of interest with being friends and co-worker with Comey.. bad choice.. don't trust rosenstein either no vetting
And what about the fact that he and Comey have been friends for years ??? This is not good Mr. Grassley
*willing

Wow.. did you hear that SOMEONE threatened DEATH and Lynching to a Texas Democrat? WAS THAT YOU CALLING HIM?? I bet it was? You old GOAT!
I wouldn't either. Criminal acts by the President coupled with his financial and political ties to the Kremlin trump.
Intel Committee has a different mission than Mueller.  They are trying to prevent future Russia intervention in our elections.
I am sure you don't want Comey to testify...what are you hiding, Chuck??? You are not good at deflection.
ummm, sounds like you might be shaking in your combat boots there a little, Chuckie.
Wow.. sounds like someone is sending MESSAGES again via TWITTER!!
Why is that Sir?
No need for duplicity - bring your committee into theirs for a joint hearing.
It's pathetic how the GOPe is siding with the LIberal liar and not backing Trump.. like McCain, Burr..Our whole party will collapse, lose
Wait a minute, would not that be intentional obstruction to an ongoing soap opera
All he can say it's "I can't answer, that's classified".
Go ahead and say it .... THIS is your prayer! History will judge you and the GOP very harshly, and it will be well deserved!
This is outright obstruction by Chuck. It is so obvious
Are you kidding me POTUS has had to fight all these rhinos in addition to the Democrats
He , Comey is guilty That's Why And Feinstein said there was no collusion
I hope not because Comey made the right decision for the public to know.
Spelling?????
He shouldn't let him as it can harm the investigation
Shitting bricks, are you?
Sweetie.. @ChuckGrassley LOOKING for your deleted tweets from 3/19 I know where they are!! How's your Russian friends and investments?
I would. The fact is your committee is the one most likely to resemble a zoo with absolutely no intelligence. Bravo Comey!
He might, if it interferes with his investigation.
Not testifying b4 you because he knows you will divert with inane question asswipe!
Please don't touch ObamaCare if you can't even spellcheck your own tweets. Thank you
Grassley (& other Repubs) have no prob in giving million$ to the richest but they have no empathy for the poor. None. Step right over 'em...
I'm not sure what authority Mueller has to do this. But I was shocked Comey agreed to testify so maybe this is all a game
I think Comey wants his info out in open session before the Special Prosecutor or some Repub-led committee will allow only a closed session

Comey loves the limelight. Mueller should quit. He's Coneys buddy. Conflict of interest. Wish you all had courage to support our President.
They are friends Grassley! Trump didn't do anything wrong with Comey, if Comey didn't want to be alone with Trump, why did he? Ridiculous!
Comey have a choice, he can testify in Congress or he can go public and no one can"t stop him
In your dreams Senator.  In your dreams.
You hope he stops him.
Subpoena all 4 yrs. of his notes, they ARE Govt. property. Let's see what's really been going on.
Are Tweets admissable evidence in court, for example in an obstruction of justice case? Asking for my friend @ChuckGrassley
Senator you have become a partisan embarrassment. I used to have so much respect for you
Yeah, wouldn't republicans like that? Then you keep your head buried in the sand
what happened to you? So sad to see you jealous of Intel like this
Everyone needs to take a breath & listen to Alan Dershowitz!
He needs to stop it. All it does is create a circus and waste time. Take a deposition under a spot light.
this is a witch hunt, political. eom.
?????
nice try, chuckles
But what would be gained by such an action?
Nor I
@jaketapper. You are too apparent Senator.
Is this really the twitter page of a US senator? Is he just trying to be "hip" with his spelling? or does he have dyslexia?
Comey needs to talk to Mueller and no one else. His desire for media attention is why Obama should of fired him last summer.
@jaketapper he need's to testify in one or the other. I want to hear what he has to say.  How it impacts the POTUS.
That is what should happen. The "Comey Circus" needs to end.
Director Comey chose to testify b4 the Intelligence Cmte In Public because of YOU Criminals. Plus the Intel Cmte is actually Intelligent.
Mueller already green lit him
Yes, I think he shouldn't testify.  It's going to obfuscate and add to speculation.
You can only wish, huh?
Interests of your constituents or the State of Iowa. You should retire and spare us all the embarrassment.
I'm disgusted that you call Iowa your home state. It's embarrassing the way you keep enabling Trump. It's definitely not in the best
It would be surprised to anyone Comey had talked w Mueller before accepting the testifying right?
*Council
Ricin...
I think I would shut up
Talking out of your ass is not a good look for you.
Maybe Comey doesn't trust you to treat him fairly?  I sure wouldn't. (BTW WILLING not wiling)
wiling? This is the education we should expect from the DeVos School of the Complicit... Betsy DeVos, Trump U's Star Pupil
Do you really want to be on the side of Steve King? You have worn out your welcome. Stop ruining Iowa. #TermLimits
As he should.
Sad that unAmerican's like Grassley and Tapper who don't have any FACTs just keep to democrat party line...go kiss obama ass again
You hope so!  You ever think that Mueller gave him the green light to testify.

Comey will only testify in open so he doesn't have to answer HARD questions. #nutjob
Clinton can have Comey "Clintoned" and EVERYONE will think @realDonaldTrump  did it.   #sethrich
"I really hope the new Special Counsel stops Comey fr testifying ".  FTFY, Senator.
Are you asking him to dis allow Comey's testimony? Sounds close to A message being sent!
Republican mind control at work
U must be smoking grassley
Oh shut it! You're just pissed he wouldn't testify before your shit show committee, which is as transparent as glass.
Why?
Do they not use punctuation in Iowa???
Amazes me the establishment and MSM thinks the 64 million Trump voters  gonna sit back and let them steal our vote without a fight. Game on
Chuck, retire. It's time for younger, smarter Republicans & Democrats.Things change. Your logic in the hearings defied reason. Step aside.
Hasn't it occurred to you that Comey probably got the okay from Mueller before agreeing to testify?
OMG Jake! Is Grassley trying to influence or obstruct investigation? Did Trump tell him to tweet that or did Putin? Toobin's gonna freak!
You can always hope for a miracle but the truth will come out soon enough!
I doubt SC Mueller will take advice from one traitor while investigating another. The Republican party is an arm of the Russians.
Why would spcl cnsel stop Comey from testifying
You would like that, wouldn't you Grassley? Maybe because you are complicit?
You, sir have done everything in your power to cover for Trump, including voting to keep his tax returns secret. Shameful.
You are hoping, aren't you?
Which is why I think many Repubs should be happy about having s special prosecutor involved. Keeps things behind the closed doors till '18
Why are you trying to prevent a witness from speaking? #Obstruction Who's paying you?
The @GOP can only hope
Don't you wish Mr. Grassely!!
tweeting like you're nervous, Senator. Are you nervous?
Trying to influence Mueller?
Don't say that. I need to hear Comey. We all do.
I hope not. Public needs to know. The criminal investigation which might not have a full report is not enough. @ChuckGrassley
Hey Chucky Boy. We see your complicity. You fool No One!!!!!
Do you hope this happens?  Trump's crimes will reflect badly on you too Chuck.  We see you as a traitor to our democracy.
R u trying to influence Mueller ?  I believe that is not ethical...
Uh Huh - You mean you Hope & Pray Mueller keeps Comey from testifying because you don't really want to hear what he has to say about Trump.
Ya' know Chuck, if it would jeopardize CRIMINAL investigation, it's Ok. So calm yourself down. 
You are a Trump sycophant, a duplicitous traitor to the USA. Iowa voters should revolt and retire your sorry ass ... by any means necessary.
@ChuckGrassley hopes he stops Comey. Republicans aren't sure what Comey will say or what tweets @realDonaldTrump will bombard the air.
More obstruction by Grassley and the GOP. Treason continues to be their goal.
Chuck, you sweet nut job ...impeachment train on the track...get on board!
I would not be surprised if you and your cohorts are all voted out of office!
Please stop influencing decisions!
You just put yourself on blast chuck. Was that your last card to play to try to save your ass?
#CrookedGop  trying to stop COMEY  from publicly speaking  #obstructionofjustice
I would not be surprised if your legacy isn't what you hoped.
We The Public Want to Hear from Comey
Surprises aren't healthy for someone of your advanced age.
He tried but a judge rejected this!
I would because I do not believe he would testify w/out checking w/ Mueller first to make sure it wld not hinder his case. Man of integrity.
WE WOULDN'T BE SURPRISED IF YOU AND @GOP DO. Harangue him in private before hand and line up your @FoxNews talking points ahead of time.
And you will be so disappointed you can't grill him with questions about leaking to the press and not the real issues at hand.
You forgot to say "amen" @ the end of that prayer. But NOTHING will save your complicit ass. 

#KillTheGOP
#Impeach @realDonaldTrump
I hope he does. Comey has already proven to be untrustworthy. Just look at the HRC mess.
Of course Comey knows he may cover his ass so he can say he's willing think about it. Maybe buddies will meet on Lynch tarmac
You're next, you fraud
Nice try, Chuck.
Because it's not the Senate Judiciary Committee where you can defend so-called President?
This sounds to me like an in-directive. Smart but treasonous.
Mr grassley...your @GOP cannot be trusted right now it has devastated our country and you are not helping it at all. You continue to impede
You're old & probably die of natural causes in the next year or two & we'll remember you & your family as traitors to America! Buh bye! 
Remember 2018 and 2020 just around the corner
Willing
I would be surprised if Comey didn't clear everything with Mueller before he agrees to it.
Silly, silly man.
You wish!!
As a former Hawkeye and son of Iowa stock, every time I hear you undermine our liberty and shirk your duties as a pub servant, I'm ashamed
No one cares what would  surprise you. You & entire GOP are doing a disservice to America, history shall not forget.
We'll see if #Mueller stops his LONGTIME FRIEND #Comey from giving the public "testimony" he desperately wants to emote.
With the way things are going it looks like Mueller's investigation will decapitate the GOP, discrediting & even jailing the leadership.
THAT is why GOP leadership & below are DESPERATE to stop these investigations. Face it, Mr Grassley, you have ZERO credibility.
Veiled threats?
This is part of the full-on r-wing effort to destroy the reputations of Mueller & Comey so the r-wing base will reject the truth.
How??  The First Amendment would prevent any prior restraint.
2) #Comey WANTS 2 "testify" in PUBLIC, his buds R conveniently leaking damaging tidbits
He's a smart, sanctimonious,duplicitous drama queen
I am not surprised Chuck Grassley joins Lindsay Graham in trying to sabotage Comey, Mueller, &the investigations by saying BS like this.
@jaketapper It would be disappointing to the public, but we mustn't poison or handicap the investigation. His call.
You hope, you mean. Comey is going to confirm trump is a traitor. You can't keep ignoring it.
I wld not be surprised to see you taken out with the rest of your cohorts in your next election.
1) #Comey appointed HIMSELF AG & didn't even inform Pres GWB
Staged scene at hospital bed & gave dramatic interpretation in courtroom ambush
That's some wishful thinking there Chuck. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Sir, look at yourself in the mirror.  Do you see Bob?
Chuck, Chuck, Chuck. Don't U get it? Comey picked Mueller himself. He was working before Comey was fired. I wonder what he has on U?
@msnbc You Sir are either with the democrats or you're with the Russians on the investigation. I think your buddy Marakov has the answer...
Is that a threat? You'd like that, wouldn't you? @ChuckGrassley
Is this wishful thinking or true concern for the truth?
I wld not be srprsd to see ur dmb ass finly thrwn out of the Snt.
Has the FBI interviewed you yet Mr. Grassley? We've all seen the photo of you and Marakov (One of Putin's Henchmen) having dinner...
You should be extremely worried if he does.
Sounds more like you hope that's the case
Translation: I am hopeful Mueller prevents Comey from testifying.
Who rote this 4u?
Last time you had him you&Cruz focused on how information getting to public rather than if we have a compromised or worse WH.  Makes sense.
Wrong!
Why do you say that? Just to be stupid?
Because you are so credible in all this, Chuck.

@jaketapper Are you trying to intimidate the FBI?
That would be a very bad, not so good idea, Chuck. Scared much?
@ChuckGrassley Russian operative?
You guys hope...
Can't wait for all the dirt that is revealed on Obama and Clinton.  Remember the Democrats cried for this Special Counsel.  MAGA
Senator, why are you doing this? Do you realize how bad this looks? Thought you were better than your GOP colleagues. Sadly, you're not.
Nervous?
What is the deal with Iowa. @SteveKingIA and then this guy? What is in the water?
He is actually right, especially if conducting a criminal investigation. Same goes for comey memos. It's a good thing if you dont like 45.
Are you suggesting he should stop him, asshat?
Is that a suggestion for Mueller? Or are you on the @GOP #obstruction bandwagon too? Trying to buy some more time Senator?
You mean your hoping and praying right Chuckie?
Definitely a millenial tweeting this. 4realz!
We see you Chuck. You've been un masked.
Are you shitting your pants already?
Could you explain, please, why Counsel Mueller should feel it necessary to prevent Comey from testifying?
Will you ever put country above party? Will you ever put people above greed? Will u ever find ur principles did u take the oath of loyalty?
There is a cover-up in @GOP @WhiteHouse @GOPoversight @GOPLeader they would be idiots to take info there. TREASON
Comey's about finished.
Why??
Wiles indeed! The wiles of collusion; you nailed it!
How do you feel about that though? Why do you think that he would?
Just sayin?
Comey wants to testify in a open hearing so question is direct he cannot answer because it's classified.
