YOU should be ashamed, sir, of your efforts to take away health care from millions of Americans, including your own constituents. Shame!
And you should be educated.The insurance companies PULLED OUT of OBAMACARE because its collapsing. So call 1 in the phonebook & buy some
You've been misled, sir. Obamacare is not collapsing. It is being sabotaged by GOP. Insurers are leaving bc of uncertainty about payments.
Blind! Lady! Ur denial makes u blind!
Ok. Good luck with that. Reality is coming quick, Watch out
Go ahead and pass a bill that has 27% support of people and takes health care from millions of people. Just for tax cuts for the rich.
I have a feeling Z'Americans will respond appropriately.
Yeppers. 
And he is saying if they don't pass it, there will be hell to pay.

You can't make this shiet up.
You should be ashamed that most of you support or are on the fence about charging a low income senior over 380% more for coverage.
If you give a damn about your constituents, which you don't, I am opposed to this new health care plan. It will totally fuck me over!
Maybe re-election, power shouldn't be your focus. Try focusing on what's best for Americans and Iowans instead- and write good legislation.
This looks like it was tweeted by a drunken intern.
You're not familiar with #assumedeerdead, are you?
I had to go and look it up.  The More You Know
So did I!
How about fixing the ACA rather than taking healthcare away from millions of Americans, including the Iowans you supposedly represent?
The GOP "healthcare" bill is not a health care bill. It's a tax cut bill. We're not stupid Sen Grassley!
Wrong, thia its exactly what Obama did, and that's why Obama is a 100% failure. Remember how he lied to us, did this behind closed doors.
Wrong. There is actual public record that proves you wrong.
Nah, you'll pass your godforsaken tax cuts, even if you have to purge millions of young and minority Americans from the voter rolls by 18.
And the USA will implode on each and every one of these motherfuckers.
You will do both, Chuck. You will be ashamed, for having squandered so much political power and accomplished nothing.

Hope you enjoy Trump.
This is everything.
Reporter NAILED it!
Is he off his meds?
Is this old codger more or less senile than Orin Hatch?
Toss up
Repeal and cut Medicare 

Prices will fall.
You're everything that's wrong with the senate-everything you do is a charade to suggest you represent voters interest-big money owns you
Wrong.
Todd is RIGHT!
So sorry!  That is what I meant. @ChuckGrassley is wrong!  My bad!
awe, sorry, I get it now, lol
It was my fault!  Should have been clearer in my comments. So sorry!
No, my fault, I should have read it better, lol
Republicans have no shame sir hence why u don't give a damn abt how many crimes n unethical behavior the trumps r committing daily
YOU should B ASHAMED OF TRUMP 4 FAILING 2 STAND UP 4 OUR DEMOCRACY IN PUTIN MEETING! He believes man who ATTACKED US & NOT INTEL AGENCIES!!!
This is a rally cry from the @GOP. "Party before country.  Vote or become the minority." GOP, you vote for ACHA, you will be the minority.
wouldn't there be more shame in never having your own plan? Just fund the ACA and leave it alone. You guys aren't that bright.
Dear sir,you have single handedly stopped Skills visa act which would have reformed h1b L1b and prevented   h1 L1 EB1 EB2 EAD fraud.
Bruh ease off the trump vodka
You WILL go to minority if this bill passes. I'd love that, but I also still need my health insurance. Quite the conundrum.
Then do what you promised us and do full repeal. Spend now thru August or longer on transition to free market ! This bill is govt HC!
No  YOUR GOP attempt to take away care from over 20 million poor, sick, old, & poor AMERICANS was seen & WILL BE REMEMBERED!

58% of IOWANS do not approve of the republican healthcare plan.  You represent us, do the right thing!
With the crappy bill you've put forward, you should be in the "Super Minority"
The people of Iowa should be ashamed they sent you, a man who wanks over taking health care away from children.
You should be ashamed you're behind it and not listening to your constituents. Agree that you will use the insurance that is passed

The covfefe is strong with this one.
Something tells me he is not getting the twitter response he expected.
You've had 8 years to get a GOOD plan ready and THIS is what comes to the table? Lead already and take this bill & scrap it! Dems will help!

How about just start with appeal please, and then have a public poll and debate on What we want.

#RepublicanzMinority A perfect world minority/majority wouldn't matter, u would #WorkTogether Put the beer down & #DoYourJob #VoteNoBCRA
Close. You should be ashamed to not have passed a STRAIGHT REPEAL of ACA, as promised! The R voters wanted you to #RepealObamacare
Well, the secret 13 came up with a crappy plan that uninsured 22 million and opened doors on elderly abuse, preexisting conditions, caps ...
Enough already! You are a dinosaur and are completely out of touch. #ResignNow
So you're ashamed of not ripping healthcare away from millions but you're totally ok with Trump destroying our standing in the world?
You & .@SenJoniErnst should be ashamed you support plans that hurt people. For once, do the right thing. Make healthcare work. #DoYourJob
20) work their asses off so ur campaign donors can remain wealthy! No we see a lot more that disgusts us abt the 52 senators that hold the
Don't worry. Ya'll turning a blind eye to @realDonaldTrump destroying America, puts you on the fast track to becoming the minority. See Ya..
Work with the Democrats to pass bipartisan healthcare reform that does not involve throwing the baby out with the bathwater!
Country over party, Chuck!  Don't sign the bill!
They haven't passed it because literally none of their constituents want it. I know you don't listen to yours, but hopefully they will.
You could fund healthcare for a couple yrs with the money that the GOP received from lobbyists and Russians.
So pass repeal first
Strong words from one of the chief embarrassments of America's embarrassing sell-out party.
No, they should be proud they aren't killing millions to give your rich friends tax cut.
You promised voters a full repeal. Work August and plan to smoothly transitioning us back to free market. Use $ for safety nets at first
Are you drunk? Are you having a stroke? Do you smell toast?
I. Love. The "Do you smell toast?" question! ;-)
Ahhahahahahah hahahahh haha!
It' s not health reform. It's health removal.
Ever heard of punctuation? Also, what is a Republicazn? Is that the new Russian name for @GOP? Oh & your #Trumpcare bill blows bigly.
Works for me.
You should be ashamed that when GOP spent 8 years attacking ACA, and still had no actual plan for Americans.
It's ok, the GOP has so much to be ashamed of.
Thanks for being part of the solution.  This is something we need, and I believe those who vote against it will be voted against.
The republicans had better start standing up for the people or they won't have to worry about the next election!!'
Exactly. You should be ashamed.
Yes you will.
And your constituents will go from insured to uninsured.  Either way, you lose. question is, can you come up with a way for voters to win?
Oh Chuck, you're acting silly. The @GOP has so much to be ashamed about these days. It's hard to pick just one reason.
@GOP does have so much to be ashamed of these days-won't have to worry starting in 2018... there will be fewer of them in Congress!
Assume ACA repeal dead
What is it that you want? Iowan to Iowan.

Clippy is here to help!
They have more sense than you do!
A once proud and accomplished Senator now reduced to all caps tweet rants complete with spelling errors. Why do you suddenly hate America?
You thank the Speaker!
YOu should be ashamed of yourself for wanting to pass the bill that will put 24 million ppl's lives in jeopardy just so u can have a tax cut
The legacy of Boomers will be that they allowed fascism into America 72 years after the "greatest generation"
defeated it in 1945. How sad that it will be by their own children.
"Just 17 Percent Of Americans Approve Of Republican Senate Health Care Bill"
You need help.
Say what now???
Be ashamed at the level of unethical "reform" GOP is willing to force on voters w/out town halls or debates!

You should be ashamed that most of you support or are on the fence about charging a mid-income senior nearly half their income for coverage
If u don't #RepealObamacare you deserve to be voted OUT OF OFFICE.
And lets get those liberals back in!
You should be ashamed that you can't craft a bill that gets more than 17% support. That you don't represent your constituents.
#TheResistance out in FULLFORCE! GOP full of ...  Says 1 thing & does another. Where have all d'flowers gone?!? Gone hiding in d'cloud!!
If you take health care from tens of millions of people, what do you think will be the political outcome?
We'll plaster every single telephone pole in the US with pictures of the dead and the suffering.  

It'll devastate the GOP, politically.
Nothing can stop the power of millions of voices demanding change. 
We will fight them in the air on the ground and in the streets.
Yes, what a shame you can't take people's healthcare and watch them die while you give the wealthy extra money they won't even notice. Sad.
80% of all taxes are paid by the rich.  what a shame so many libs believe in abortion which has taken nearly 60 thousand lives
I can't wait till intelligent people get voted in


Chuck, 
Did he forget to mention, fuk off.

Signed America.

I'm getting the feeling, this is not the twitter response you expected, Chuck. 

There are these things called trolls, they live for this.
Thomas! Wtf
Sorry, I was trying to teach him about life and the twitter. 
I'm a nice guy at heart.
I know man. I know.
You could have passed health care 8 years ago if you would have voted for  the ACA. you're going to minority status anyway.
Amen!
Have you thought about reform that actually improves healthcare?
Don't talk crazy.
You should be ashamed of what you did to the Democratic process. You should be ashamed that your party values tax cuts for the 1% over lives
You should be ashamed for playing a victim
Please, thus admin is already Putin's puppet,  we the people are desperately counting on your Humanity to do the right thing by all of us !
All 52 should be ashamed to be deconstructing health care rather than making #ACA better. That's what America wants. Start listening please.
Then come up with a plan that doesn't just give tax breaks to the rich and is affordable for full coverage
So quit calling it "Obamacare" to scare your base and fix the ACA.
Your president is a traitor and you want to harm working people and you're angry
Learn to spell. Also, your policies suck so maybe you should change them to pass a HC bill. Have fun in the minority!!!
You should be ashamed for supporting trump you empty fraud of a human
He's reported to be the dumbest senator and that's saying a lot given this group.
Dude. You're a US Senator. Start worrying about your constituents. Country over party. You're old enough to understand that right?
Senator that is because your party is a shame. and a sham. GOP is a great negative PR machine, but nothing else. Y'all not ashamed yet?
Party over country, right? 
Trying to undo Medicaid in the guise of repealing and replacing Obamacare is the problem
Chuck, you realize yesterday your party's leader gave our enemy Putin a pass for waging war against us. Seriously DO YOUR JOB!!! Impeach
If you can't get #FullRepeal at less sign on to the #FreedomOption
You will go to the minority if you pass what you have now. People like their healthcare. Kick off 22 million and see who they vote for.
Republicanazis? (Freudian slip, Chuck?)
Over 400,000 like me live with MS, we didn't ask for it,it costs me $40,000 a month for treatment without the ACA I'll be in a wheelchair
How dare the US Senate and the US Congress for that matter not have hearings consult with the medical community and your constituents
Why are none of you exposing who Hillary colluded with against trump you are not even defending potus with the truth # shameful

How about that #TrumpRussia thing?  You all should be ashamed for your part in #Treason
THANK YOU SENATOR -- A TRUE PATRIOT. #MAGA
U should be ashamed.  YOUR plan, CBO reports 22 million left uninsured.  Only 18% of country supports. Cuts Medicaid,All for tax cuts 2 rich
@ChuckGrassley tweet shows just how disconnected you are from your Iowa constituents (I am 1)! Freedom doesn't mean having no health care
You might keep in mind that when it comes to the American citizens that you're supposed to represent; you ARE the minority.
You can't spell "Republicazn" without N, A, Z, I...
If you fucking pass anything that increase costs or uninsure's people, u better get packing. Support 4 repeal is down to 15%.
Trump is handing our Country to Russia this is Treason. Do your Job and DEFEND OUR COUNTRY. IMPEACH HIM
Chuck Grassley is the "death panel" Chuck Grassley warned about
I hope you cry 52 bitter orange tearz and LIVE A LIFETIME OF SHAME AND REGRET FOR PUTTING PARTY OVER COUNTRY
Because giving your donors that $800 billion tax break is SO important. Because increasing premiums for Americans aged 50-65 is SO important
You should be ashamed that you think it's morally right to take health care away from millions.
That's a given if you pass it.
It's not health care, it's wealth care, and you should be serving all who are in desperate need of assistance, not your rich cronies. #Shame
This is a perfect reason why we need term limits...out with the career politicians...worrying about losing the Majority!
You mean that bill you have in front of you that has the support of like 13% of the American public?

Healthcare "reform?" Really Chuck?
@TinaJac22661258 @ChuckGrassley - Could it be the Republicans 'Final Solution' for those of us crippled by lack of millions?
Republicazn.
Gee, you had 7 years. Your evil plans are being rejected. Now do something about your leader in WH before you lose your souls too.

Simple question. Whatever the healthcare reform you would propose, would you take the same insurance and make your family take it?
What they should  ashamed about is what they tried to pass off as great healthcare.
If you're ashamed, get rid of trump who's made our country the laughing stock of all other countries. Why don't you impeach him?
Keep ACA, no more GOP sabotage!
"Republicazn"

Freudian slip, Chuckles? Wanting to type 'Republican' while thinking 'Nazi', eh?
From your lips to God's ear.
Had y'all spent 7 yrs creating a plan instead of wasted repeal votes, GOP might have something that doesn't KILL PEOPLE.
Actually if you pass that bill you should be ashamed and will definitely go from majority to minority. No one supports it.  Listen for once.
You should be ashamed that your more concerned about a republican majority than the well being of Americans! #partisanhack #VoteNo
Eat some plums, it will help your bowels.
Put ppl first not party
Listen to your constituents instead of the big money donors who own you. This bill is evil and will wreak havoc on millions.
Your shame lies in not riding your country of a criminal president & allowing US leadership to erode globally.
Actually, @ChuckGrassley, you shld be ashamed that u r not fighting 4 Obamacare repeal. Your tinkering around the edges will ruin US & 2018.
Start cracking some heads
You already did that by enabling Russia to infiltrate our government.
Is this a parody account? I can't fucking tell anymore

GOP should be ashamed they wanted to pass that bill. 7 years and that's what you came up with?
Senators should not drink and tweet. Neither should I for that matter.
You're ashamed that 52 republicans haven't passed a shit wealthcare bill that kicks off 20 million and gives tax breaks to 1%? You are low..
This Republican Congress is so mean, so greedy, so determined to give their financial backers money - you all should be voted OUT! 2018...
You might as well be Dem 
26,800 actual living breathing human beings killed by #Trumpcare a year if bcomes law #Prolife how exactly?
I agree that Republicans are without shame.
Ill second that! To feel shame you must have empathy. Not happening.
If you and the rest of the Senators do this it is political suicide we will remember and your constituents will not vote you back in
The way your caucus has acted in the majority you should be ashamed especially your disrespect of Merrick Garland
Grassley is a great Senator.  So he messed ip a twitter - meaningless. You critics are nothing.
You should be sad that you can't write coherent sentences, but you should be ashamed that you want to kill people for getting sick.
If your plan didn't gut Medicaid and preexisting conditions maybe it wouldn't poll at 15% approval.  #Trumpcare = #Deathcare
You should be ashamed of taking away healthcare from Americans.
*Republican
Your health don't care bill is a crock of shit, Chuck
Drinking again?
I know!  It's exciting! The country will finally realize how pathetically inept the @GOP is at governing. I can't wait to watch it unfold.
Until they pass a bill, NOBODY gets insurance on the hill. Washington blood sucking swamp leeches, you know who you are.
#BEGINtheDRAINING!
You will the minority either way Sen. Grassley!
Can't happen soon enough for me. You don't deserve to be the majority party.
Since you people were handed your majority because you were going to repeal the ACA, I expect you are correct, Senator.
Don't do anything. Let the ACA go down in flames. Something that bad needs to end in ashes.
Senator, you are the one who should be ashamed, for this vicious assault on poor Americans. Your role will be remembered.
Remember Judge Garland!
Chuck, the Republican cornucopia of shame runneth over. History will not be kind to you lot. You sold your country out for some tax cuts.
Grassley, you'll be in the trash bin of history with vonHindenburg, vonPapen & the Weimar Rep.  #GOPSellOutToPutin.  #GOPSpinelesstraitors
BECAUSE REPUBLICANS CAN'T AGREE...WE ARE GOING TO WORK WITH THE LOUSY LIBERALS...INSANE
Who are you yelling at?
Good! The GOP is nothing but a despot of corrupt old white men only interested in lining your own pockets. History will not be kind to you
actually history barely mentions the last few times this has happened in America and people still continue to vote for these ideas
That is sad...
Quit BSing that it's a healthcare bill. It's a tax cut for super rich because you sold your souls to them. #traitor #murderer #liar #sellout
When you support a misogynistic pig like 45 yet claim to be the party of Christian and family values, well, you should be ashamed. WWJD?
@joanwalsh Fail to pass #Trumpcare and become minority part. Sounds like a win win situation Chuck.
@joanwalsh From Grassley's lips to God's ears.
Go ahead and pass Trump care so Congress can be flipped to 100% Democrats in 2018...
You should be ashamed for seeing $s only instead of people by cranking out a cruel and punitive bit that is Insurancecare.
If you pass it your Republicazns asses will be Grass ley!
Americans DEMAND a full and total REPEAL!! Get out of our healthcare it is not the role of federal gov't PERIOD!!
What healthcare reform? You're backing a tax break bill for the rich funded by kicking people off insurance. You and your ilk are repulsive.
8)an honorable leader that wanted the ppl of the USA 2 have a govt working 4 them. Y'all contributed to 2 the formation of The Patient
I sure hope so Chuck
They're coming for grandma again? You better duck Chuck, they might get you instead.
