POTUS is doing an excellent job! He works extremely hard to help the American people. GOP should work with him on fulfilling his promises
other than lining his pockets probably nothing.
Pay to Play for Ivanka Trump right before our very eyes. Disgusting traitor to this country you are
Should take all of 0 minutes.
He's already canceling appointments, what's he gonna say........and is Trump not taking your calls, sounding desperate these last few days?
made a laughing stock of himself dancing with a beheading sword under the flag of Islam
You are despicable!
He lined his pockets. He did nothing for America.
Then they actually got #Trump to RESET Islam to spread ISLAM'S peaceful message! you GOP have lost your minds and next your seats
Day 1 we know he's exhausted so Ivanka had to step in!
It wouldn't take long.  He isn't doing anything but he's out of the country away from millions who hate him.
How about his speech today? Don't u Republicans back your President?Disgusting. Take s lesson from the Dems .To their credit, they always do
He should go on national TV and report his/administrations dealings with Moscow and failure to comply with emoluments clause
Chuck .. honey .. sweetheart .. whatcha doen here ?
This sounds better.
Not in my democracy.
He went to a muslim country, so I think he's not allowed back in America now, right?
He got 100 mil from Saidis for Ivanka's fake women's foundation. Pretty sure it will find its way into Trump organization. You are to blame

Senator, what's going on in Saudi Arabia? #baffled 
#Impeach45 #ChecksAndBalances
You mean $100MM to Ivanka's charity?
No thanks it would just be him winning about something or another lie
What do think of grandpa's tweets today  @PatGrassley ?  Maybe someone can do a wellness check?
I am *dying* laughing at this
The only accomplishment I want to hear about is the #FullRepeal of O'care we've been promised for the past 7 years.
He has been gone like 3 days... let's not count our chickens...
R u for real??
Five days. Nine would be exhausting.
yes potus should explain double standards and his family's pay for play.
The president couldn't give a book report on a Hallmark card. But if you think he should try, tell HIM, not us. And learn to spell first.
He would if he knew how.
With His Ego I sure he will..............But What will he accomplish?......Nothing
He will report that his many past criticisms of SA & Rad'l Islamic Terrorists, ban  Muslims didn't come up. After all they gave him jewelry


This is now my favorite twitter feed.

THE TRUTH ABOUT SETH RICH &THE RUSSIA LIE IS COMING TO LIGHT WATCH CNN,MSNBC,ABC,NBC,WP,NYT TRY TO DENY SETH RICH WAS THE DNC LEAKER!
You had 15 characters left to spell those words out #learningtospellwithDarnellJackson I actually like you but DT a #faux accomplisher
The so called POTUS should DEFECT and stay the h ell away
While he is on this momentous trip we need to get healthcare & tax reform moving. Valerie Jarrett propaganda neither will happen this yr.
POTUS should put out Positive Messages, ONLY,on Twitter. No Twitter War engagements with rabid critics. It's beneath him&the office of POTUS
You're crazy to anchor your boat to that guy. As fellow UNI alum, seriously Trump is a clown. Save your own legacy. Drop the party loyalty.
Sure. Maybe this time he'll reveal classified info to the whole country!
How about we wait til he finishes more than 24 hours 1st? Because so far he made a huge, scary weapons deal & dealt in hypocrisy re scarves.
Your tweet about leaks was deleted
Hey @ChuckGrassley will he also be reporting on the Russian money laundering he's been doing? How about the #RICO cases he's charged in???
Accomplished? Seriously? More arms to the Saudis to use against the Yemenis and , learned how to dance with swords. Who cares. IMPEACH.
GOP obstructionism has broken congress. You need to own up to it. Now you have to get back into oversight for what u have unleashed
Trump should go on T V And Quit! Save Impeachment!
https://twitter.com/thehill/status/866032062461071360 … wondering why they keep deflecting for the dumpster fire trump?
NEW: GOP considers changing Senate rule which would make it easier to confirm Trump's circuit court picks http://hill.cm/7UZXRgJ  
And the judges aren't trumps,they are picked by the dark money guys that hand the senate & trump with a pile of cash
Maybe a report on what he accomplished in his 100+ days....oh wait that would take 2 seconds 

If obama registered one, you would be talking impeachment! But the 10000 crazy  trump does. You don't care except to move your agenda
Chuckie.  You CANT TURN this guy into being 'Presidential' no matter how hard u pretend.

Grassley: "Am I in trouble?"

Yates: "Let's address that in a more secure setting."
Trump's days in office are winding down. LOL
RESIGN!
Which would be nothing except scare the whole world
They'll piss on your grave when you're hung for treason
im a big boy. i got a medal. Melania say im special. i learned how to curtsy. i learned where oil comes from. accomplished a lot. thx chuck!
No, he should answer any and all questions regarding the investigation.  As well as stating that everyone inWH will cooperate
Please use punctuation. It'll help- I promise!
So he can talk about the Rms he's selling to Saudis?  Oh yeah, great idea. IDIOTS
Why are you defending this man, Chuck? He has truly aberrant conduct.
Great idea! A report on NOTHING. Unless chocolate cake, Apprentice ratings and golf scores are of international interest!
Why? He'd just lie. 
Right, @realdonaldtrump?
We would rather see his tax returns & a full accounting of why he embraces Russia so wholeheartedly than the bullshit you suggest, thanks.
Yeah, you mean on RT?
Chuck's boss has a "really good brain" you know.

I won't tolerate any twit dissing my Senator like that.   Bye
Quit trying to make him out as competent.
No one believes POTUS or the GOP you blew your credibility with the nonstop lies and the total disregard for the American public.
Crook
I'll have to try & read the transcript. My 5 yo has a larger vocabulary & my 10 yo can understand complexity of situations better than DT.
Would love it !!! #MAGA  #POTUSAbroad
neighbor Wilders, 5) give same Roy Cohn Jr Miller speech from CIA at Net-a-yahoo Mossad Wall of Heroes. Ass-is Grassley!
Pope to violate vow of silence "Vatican Bank want to launder neo-Nazi $$ to Buenos Aires?" 4) sneak into Belgian closet for bumfuck with...
Are you illiterate? Please use punctuation.
Lieberman: early onset Alzheimer’s, endorse McFrenchfry-Palin(g) ticket. Full-blown: endorse DeVos-lution institutionalized dumb-down.
The show would last only 2 seconds. It would go "committed treason."
#POTUS should resign and you should undertake an apology tour. #shame #Russian
Jeez, Chuck, why? He will say he did a terrific job, everyone loves him, america is great again, and he had a huge crowd at his inauguration
It needs to end first but I agree. We need more reports from him
So supplying the country with arms that committed 9/11 is amazing right? As they target markets in Yemen& kill civilians??Asking 4 a friend

U.S. President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump Arrive in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia #POTUSAbroad @WhiteHouse @POTUS 
 Good work! HRC needs to be prosecuted, Weiner's laptop has all the evidence she destroyed on her smashed subpoenaed Blackberry!

U.S. President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump Arrive in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia #POTUSAbroad @WhiteHouse @POTUS 
Did you mean those to be @ symbols instead of hashtags? That would have made more sense.
I was thinking the exact same thing! @ChuckGrassley doesn't know how to twitter.
were you somewhat intelligent like 30 years ago?
Why are you kissing this hucksters ass?! You HAVE to see how bad he is! It transcends politics,  save our country.


Why? No one would believe a word he says
Hostile MSM will turn this trip into another "disaster" anyway. But he definitely should do it.
Day 1: "I fueled the tensions between nations and lined my own pocket. I have the best smarts."
The first place Trump went was to have a talk with Hillary's daddy Saudi Prince!  This is genius. Probably the beginning of #WorldPeace
He can't even remember what county he sent missiles into. What's he going to say? "The food was great. Well, not their food..."
Man it is embarrassing how you are kissing up to him
Please just shut up, Senator.
#MichaelHastings #SethRich #MonicaPeterson #VinceFoster #Scalia #tooMANY2LIST SHAME ON EVERY ONE OF U THAT SAID U CARED ABOUT AMERICA #GOLD
Well, he did get that 
1. This is not a coherent thought. 2. Why don't you sit a few plays out before you find yourself under indictment?
And remind everyone there is no crime! Why special counsel? More like a deep state coup to find a crime.
Are you on drugs? Accomplish???
That would be 10 seconds long
To serious journalists. 
The people asking questions to dignitaries are an embarrassment.
Let's wait and see if he starts a war.
Nothing
Dumped 110 bin $$ on Saudi Arabia
You've been pretty active today Chuck. Having trouble with your meds? Your Obamacare coverage can help you!
Did he ever read that WSJ article you begged him to?
He can report on the rest of the world laughing at the fool behind his back.
My Senator shld quit kissing #POTUS' ass and do what he's supposed you do.  Checks and balances Senator  #DOYOURJOB
Explain this...
An uninformed assessment on your part.
You obviously Don't know who those two persons are so you make a statement borne out of ignorance
I want to see republicans start swinging back. The democrats are playing a dirty game right now.
Russian troll
Jesus Christ I'm so tired of hearing that lol. I live in Seattle not Russia. The McCarthyism is strong right now.
You should resign.
Thanks Chuck! Will Comey be treated as a disgruntled fired employee ? He is a hostile witness! He has lied and stated inaccuracies to you!
That should take about 2 seconds.
What? A "national tv report?!" There is a 24/7 news cycle on countless outlets that report everything in nauseating detail. Are you ill?
Stop apologizing for this corrupt administration. No amount of good now will make up for him. He admires dictators, Chuck. See the problem?
Maybe Chuck was impressed by his curtsy? He does a good curtsy.  #TrumpCurtsy
You're a traitor. You're going to jail.
Don't worry Senator, if we know anything about Trump it's that he will brag about the trip whether he accomplishes something or not.
Oh god would you just stop. You are so going to be on the wrong side of history with the doofus in chief

U.S. President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump Arrive in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia #POTUSAbroad @WhiteHouse @POTUS 
Problem will be it will be Trump will be all about "Me" "Me" "Me". When it should ALL be about "We" "We" "We". #NotForMe #ForCountry
Seriously, senator, I think your Twitter has been hacked.
How did you end up sharing table w/Russian lawmaker at Prayer Bfast while Kellyanne partied w/pro-Russia Ukrainian? http://www.kp.ru/daily/26639.5/3658181/ …
Proof they aren't xenophobic.
This vaguely sounds like Grassley(intern) is trolling 
i think he probably will.  and most of us out here/ are not buying the russian thing or anything from lame street media.
Judith, why not just say, "I believe a liar, who tells what to watch cause I love my cult leader more than my country"
"Whut I did on the awesomest spring brake ever" by Donald j trump
"We took a real big plain to the middul east. It was fast vroooom!"
"I got a cool gold neckluss from some nice guys in funny clothes. Oh and I forgot to say they talk real funny to!"
under oath?
Which is what? Throwing a fit because he couldn't land in Israel where he wanted to
He should give an exclusive to @CBNNews or @OANN.
