the fact that you won't investigate trumps ties to Russia but are now trying to investigate the FBI is awful. You are sick
I don't think he's sick, but I do think he's put party before Iowans. And that's what he'll be remembered for.
ok perhaps not sick. But I gotta say I have run out of adjectives to express some version of what I am feeling
Oh I get it! 30+ years of hearing how dedicated Chuck is to Iowa will end with stories of him enabling Trump.
it's a shame, because he had an honorable career for many years imo. But his legacy is corruption
Bigger things to tend to than ethanol, dude.  Get to work.
who owns you?
Are you in cahoots with the Russians, too? Is that why you blindly defended @jeffsessions today? Thank god for @SenFranken .
Last term!! Going out on a big low chucky
and in English?

He's not the only crony.  The lunatics are now in charge of the asylum.
Not the Corn! Won't someone think of the Corn!!!!
There's an insane nutjob currently living in our White House. DO YOUR JOB and investigate him! Stop putting GOP over country!
Former TWA employees question if he's a 'good businessman' when our pensions were looted by this goon.
. . .@ChuckGrassley  Looks like a few in GOP need to realize that   Ambien + Alcohol = drivel tweets.  Even if imbibed night before!  BAD!
Icahn is a corporate raider who makes NOTHING.
- Stop working for the Lobbyist! IOWANS ARE WATCHING YOU-->FOCUS ON #TRUMPRUSSIA, not Ethanol, OUR DEMOCRACY IS IN CRISIS!
Outside of cornbelt, Ethanol is irrelevant. Lol if the one industry that can screw you over in IA takes a hit. He's your guy
lmao Everything is about Trump's money and his friends. Don't bother talking if you won't back up your words.
it's fair to say at this point u have ceased listening to the people so our request of u 2 retire now is also fair #doyourjob
bc ethanol subsidies are so great for the rest of the country right? Hack!
Thank you, Senator for your investigation into Obama Admin's abuse of power to spy on Trump for Clinton's campaign.
. @ChuckGrassley Many qual people wld  love to work for you to make your tweets make more sense. You've got ur hands full with #kremlingate
#DumpRyan
YOU CRYING ABOUT "GOTCHA" QUESTIONS, YOU ARE A COWARD SIR #GOTCHADEEZNUTS
@realDonaldTrump owes no one but the American People. Subsidies take my tax dollars to ruin my mower. Common sense. Trump
what the hell are you talking about?
typed this into google translate and it can't recognize the language
this is naive - Iowa voted for Ted Cruz...
Senile?

You think Trump cares about farmers in Iowa? lol
DO YOUR JOB!!!!!! You must has Jeff Sessions clarify Russia statements!!!!! #RussiaGate #Russia #Perjury #NotMYPresident
Stop pretending this is your usual politics, and HONOR YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES BY INVESTIGATING TRUMP/RUSSIA COLLUSION!!!
What is going to be Trump or America? We await your answer.
@CNN @MSNBC  R's, GOP, everybody using closeness to DT to get what they want AHEAD of what's best for Constituents, Amer ppl.
Suddenly interested in IA impact? Uphold Constitution, Democracy! Chaos in DC threatens entire USA! Investigate NOW!
So nothing from you on your delusional POTUS? Man up for christs sake. He's tearing us apart while u watch girls bb
Icahn just made $250 million due to "closeness" to trmp. CORRUPT. SILENCE = COLLUSION. #trumprussia #russiagate   #resist 
stop the BS #DOYOURJOB @POTUS impeach this AHole in One already. @realDonaldTrump where's your wife? Enough is enough!
what in hell are you talking about? Do your job! Investigate! #resist #russiagate
i hate when Prez bks same. Or do i like it?  I guess it just depends on what bks means.  Boy do i miss punctuation.
Nor should you use your friendship with Jeff Sessions to protect him from perjury charges. He lied under oath, we saw it.
Wouldn't want him eating your pork, would you?
you got played by the city slicker old man. Your going to be persona non grata in Iowa.
The DC swamp is murkier and filthier than ever.  Do something!
Jesus weeps what happened to the Senator I knew 20 yrs ago Party or Country Power or We the People it's time to choose
Oh what a tangled web you weave... How about standing for ethics? Oh, I forgot.  They went before an #Obamacare death panel.
,put down the phone and back away slowly.
is this the only conflict of interest that concerns you?
is @Carl_C_Icahn Russian sympathizer also?  @realDonaldTrump knows how to pick em.  Party before  Country.
Yeah and we all know you back trump. That's going to bite you on the ass. Iowa is watching!!
Ethanol is a bad joke, on us.
Totally disagree, Icahn is a piece of shit and ethanol is foolish.
Corn etoh is a failed science Chaz....you must have a financial stake in it.
He's your man, Chuck. If he messes with Ethanol, and angers a lot of farmers in your State, it's on you.
Ditto when Iowans can't export corn to anyone. Your support of Trump will hurt Iowans financially, Chuck.
I love that you type like my dad sends texts. It makes me feel like it's really you, and not a staffer.
who cares! The prez is becoming unhinged.. AG is guilty of perjury. What are you doing to protect USA?
just exactly WHAT does "Prez" back
Now your worried about conflicts of interest? After you posted pics from Trump hotel treating guests? #hypocrite
And what about your pal Sessions?  He's all good?  You are just as bad as he is. When did you lose your soul?  #resist
says the guy that spent half of last week promoting a Trump hotel.
What the heck are you talking about!!!  So - did you know that today is national grammar day?  S'pose you could act like it?
there are numerous conflicts of interest for POTUS and nearly every member of his administration. $$$ over people. Be a hero.
You mean corporate raider Carl Icahn @ChuckGrassley? The guy who is licking his chops for Wall st  dereg so he can rape America?
please quit avoiding the real issues.  Hold @realDonaldTrump and Sessions accountable.  #doyourjob
45 is deeply touched with your interest in ethanol as he converts our democracy into an authoritarian petroleum-state.
the president is making up accusations out of whole cloth- repeating Breitbart lies.  When will you do something?
When indeed!!!
WHY do we need Ethanol?
FFS
When are you going to demand an independent investigation of Russian ties to Trump? Skip the bsktbll scores & Monsanto plugs
Costs more to make than it can be sold for. Only exists to support mega farmers.
when will you all just admit that this admin is corrupt beyond belief? What kickbacks are YOU expecting for selling US out?
@POTUS Do your job, unless you're getting too old. Bring Session in, especially after Trump went off deep end this weekend
Do you happen to have a monetary stake in ethanol, Chuck?
ethanol doesn't help DJT's oil buddies. Duh
Please comment on trump's claims that our former president tapped his phones. #TrumpRuasia
...and corn is one of the least efficient ways of making ethanol. But hey, whatever pleases Monsanto
If, by good businessman, you mean a corporate raider that gutted companies & fired workers all for investors, then yeah.
yes, preserving your pet uneconomic subsidy certainly seems like it should be Congress's top priority right now.
Put some of that ethanol in your lawnmower then wait a week and try to start? #crap #scam #farmerswelfare
Get in here Adam! @Khanoisseur
So investigations are important. And you shouldn't block them because America.
conflicts of interest are bad - regardless of whether they help or hurt you pet issues. Please stand up to Trumps conflicts!!
sorry Chuck, Trump has no interest in the minutia of your state politics.
Is this trying to have it all ways or are you just that solipsistic.
if we're gonna talk about what someone should do, maybe you should #DoYourJob
