But it was okay when you did it to the black guy (and the rest of us) for 8 years, huh?
And I'm not playing the race card. However, the racism was impossible for this middle-aged white guy not to see. And it's even worse now.
I absolutely disagree. This is a false narrative. For example, I vehemently oppose the current admin, but don't 'hate America.'
In fact, there is no greater expression of blasphemy than religious fundamentalism - all man & his ego, & God nowhere to be found.
Branstad was late because he stayed behind to defund planned parenthood
Great job Branstad !!!
Good for them .... I am glad he's leaving Ia he's put us in a mess .. They just want to be sure get on the bandwagon
Its alledged you're funded by #DirtyMoney so I don't want you to vote on anything but for an #Independentinvestigation #GOPCrooks
Merrick Garland should be Supreme Court Justice too! Such unprincipled obstructionism last year!
86 votes yes and only 48 in Dem caucus. And the Democrats are the problem? You must of been working in the fields during math class
You and Trump like to say "everybody" a lot. Who is this "everybody"?

We agree just to get him out of this state!  Guess you would know about obstructionism!

Stop whining
There is a cover-up in @GOP @WhiteHouse @GOPoversight @GOPLeader they would be idiots to take info there. TREASON
"86/12" against = "evrybody agrees"
?
What the hell are you talking about
2hour rule rulzz!
Chuck I don't. I don't think any trump appointees can be confirmed. Because trump is not the legitimate president.Nullify the election.
Branstad has ruined things in Iowa.  Republicans are greatest threat to America.  If revolution, many will not be spared.
We shouldn't confirm any appointment in President's last year in office. #Impeachment #Special Prosecutor
 right on! Awesome tweet!
Ridiculous is continuing with sham of Administration. #PartyOverCountry duznt serve ALL Americans @ChuckGrassley #ShutItDown #impeachmentnow
#TrumpRussia #KremlinGate #SpecialCounsel #Impeach45 #Resist  #ComeyMemo #TrumpLeaks
I seem to remember a lot a Republicans who said Merrick Garland was perfect for the Supreme Court. But you obstructed.
Obviously everybody doesn't agree, Grassley Chuck. Nobody gets approved until TumPutin investigation done and his tax returns released.
This is ridiculous, Senator. They are blocking Terry Braindead's nom as Amb to China. You blocked a SCOTUS seat. Stop whining.
Good thing GOP never obstructed Obama!
Republicans destroying America, used to respect you but not anymore.  Take your Koch money and philosophy, remember French Revolution . . .
NOTHING should move forward until after the #TrumpRussianCollusion investigation is complete. By the way...you are implicated as well.
Hey Chuck, you should ask Obama how many times you people blocked votes on qualified candidates. Better yet, ask Supreme Ct Justice Garland
Can't you sit in on the Senate Intelligencs Committee Comey hearing and bring your own questions for Comey? Will they allow you to do this?
Not everyone chuck it wasn't unanimous
I agree for once, Chuck, let's get Branstad as far away from this state as possible. I'm glad you occasionally still think straight.
Obviously not...
Whining about obstruction is hardly fitting for a Senator who will be remembered for obstructing #MerrickGarland. #Fakeoutrage #SCOTUS
Senator, no worries. Dems will lose most of the supporters they still have if they continue this path of obstructionism and lies.
And blocking an SC nominee WITHOUT EVEN A HEARING. You are the epitome of what's wrong with Congress.
The only reason Iowans agree "he shld b Ambassador" is so his corruption leaves Iowa.
You are right about that. Everyone in Iowa wants him to go. And we wouldn't mind if you went with him. #Useless #Partybeforecountry
Suck it up buttercup!
I donated to PP in honor of Branstad :D
#supportingtheladies
Shall I make a donation in your honor as well?
Please get him out if iowa
The faster we get him out of this state the better!  Hey Chuck, would you like to be an ambassador somewhere?

#GRASSLEYISPARTYBEFORECOUNTRY
I think the point may be that hardly anyone thinks @realDonaldTrump is fit to be @POTUS. #DunningKruger #25thamendment
Senator, don't complain about obstruction after what your party did to Obama for eight years.
Not as much as stealing a Supreme Court seat by not even granting Obama's nom even a hearing.
What happen to the chuck of past who cared about the country not party sad.
Well I agree that he should flee the country...
Everyone thought we needed a Special Prosecutor yet you were silent, how ridiculous, Chuck.
Terry can park it a few more days.
Im with you Chuck
@ChuckGrassley---i expect Republicans to stand for President Trump. Review Seth Rich and WikiLeaks connection/Podesta WikiLeak Russia email
Shut up you slime ball #garland.
You violated your constitutional oath to install an unconstitutional justice. Investigate Russia! Investigate Russia! Investigate Russia!
BTW can you please go with him ?
God yes!!  Get him the hell out of Iowa
Everybody agrees you should do your damn job. You did nothing to try and reveal Trump/Russia ties.There are, Why were you in KushPres/China?
Merrick Garland
They sure do pick and choose, don't they?
What will Dear Little Terry do if he is not nominated? He can't go back to being Governor.......Can He?
Who was the Guy that Obstructed Obama's Supreme Court Nomination??????
All Iowa pushing for a vote... just get Branstad and his destructive policies out of the state at any cost! Enuf GOP damage already!
STOP TWEETING!!! You make no sense!!!
44 dems in the senate can't generate 86 votes - can you comprehend elementary school math?
Geez. I mean wow. The shear gall of your tweet. How do you do it?
Just because we want to get him out of Iowa.
Psst, Chuck, your hypocrisy is showing.
Isn't it annoying when someone holds up perfectly well qualified candidate? You were that someone for a year in much more important #SCOTUS
We in Iowa absolutely agree Branstad needs to be sent to China - PLEASE take him!
Apparently the Senator believes ONLY Republicans are allowed to be 
a$$holes
Terry can wait a bit longer, Senator. Can we focus on the impending Constitutional crisis?  TRUMP AND RUSSIA, PLEASE! #TrumpRussia
Take him, please.
Trumpcare: 14 million fewer Americans with insurance by 2018; eventually, 24 million would lose coverage by 2026, CBO said in March.
It must be super annoying when the Senate doesn't vote on qualified nominees to important jobs in the US government!
Do you even read these? Because if you do it's pretty obvious your not well liked in Iowa
Chuck... My nigga... Do you not see the hypocrisy?
Maybe we should wait for the next president appoint his own nominee

I don't think you should ever complain about obstruction, being the king of it and everything.
CONMAN THUG REED HASTINGS, JAY HOAG  & GOLDMANS SACHS GANG MORE POWERFUL THAN TRUMP. $60B LOOT RACKET FEARLESS
I can't wait until he leaves Iowa!
Shut the F up you do not need to talk about about Delaying or blocking votes! You are such a hypocrite
Not everyone
They learned from the best.. YOU #garland #Flynngate  #Trumprussia
Ya'll need to grow a pair and put a STOP to this!!!!! @EnoughisEnoug13
Step on their head Senator. It's time the Democratic party ceases to exist.
Chuck you should dig into what's going on. Do not worry about Branstad, he's a big boy.
Senator Grassley,
All of your critics together wouldn't fill your shadow!

Ur a great patriot,
Experienced&always reaching for excellence!
Wow you actually have a few fans today. Guess they haven't watched the news in last 24 hours.
How Ridiculous everybody agreed Garland shld b SC justice...
The nation should know that you and branstad are providing cover to trump so your family members can advance in govt. nepotism anyone?
Yes, please please please get him out of Iowa.
Wow, Senator Grassley, 
I see there is a snowflake blizzard in your neighborhood! 
Meltdown continues, @POTUS is winning!
Cry me a river. #MerrickGarland
Everyone agreeing someone is right for the job didn't stop YOU from obstructing Garland. #CountryOverParty
We in Iowa only agree he should be ambassador because we want him out of Iowa. #byebyebranstad
Especially the folks in #Iowa who are glad to be rid of him!
I agree, China can take him, but pot kettle dude.
Again, Chuck, look up Cassandra Butts and get back to us.
You should never get to complain about anyone else obstructing an appointment. #scotus
Even @joniernst is concerned, but not you. I remember you being a credit to our state. Now you're a partisan sellout to a Russian puppet.
maybe, but not everyone agrees Trump should be allowed to appoint him.
You're ridiculous Get a Grip
#UniversalHealthCare #townhall
More ridiculous that you protect and back a traitor. I think you're involved too. Don't you know what your constituents think of you?
Braindead = worst thing to happen to Iowa. He's been cozying up to Donny just so he would get the appointment. We are happy to see him go.
like your obstruction of Garland? U r such a hypocrite & a traitor. Too bad U won't go down w Trump & Pence.
Agree; give your outrage a rest. President Obama endured 8 years of @GOP obstruction. You can handle 100 days or can you?
Keep dreaming you little snowflake. Gorsuch is our new associate Supreme Court Justice. Suck it up buttercup.
You are ridiculous
Well said senator. We've never before seen such unprincipled obstructionism. Certainly not in the last administration
Actually in Obama's last term  the Senate stalled appts more than ever. Trump has yet to even name dozens of deputy's but says Dems delay
That was my effort at sarcasm :-)
Ironic.  SCOTUS nominee.
Take responsibility & be a grownup just once in your life...it means more than just watching your daughter walk in a grad. It means ADULTING
This is absolutely NOT the time 2 blame Dems for anything. Walking across the aisle, hand extended & a HUMBLE apology from u for misjudgment
Trust me Chuck, we DO want him gone. Can you go too? #Whinner Also remember #MerrickGarland ?? #ShortMemory
You should resign
GOP needs to plow through confirmations, and important legislation. You guys bend over backward to be fair - it's a one sided effort.
Everyone agrees #TrumpRussia needs to get figured out soon.
Merrick Garland

#hypocrite
Oh, Chuck. Everyone believed that Garland should be on SC, too, which is why you wldn't even vote.
 
Give the outrage a rest, dude.
You really don't see the hypocrisy in this, do you?
Demos are total crap
Oh, but I'm sure you had nothing to say when @ChuckGrassley kept Garland from being appointed?
@SenateMajLdr should put a stop to this nonsense now. With every slight "win" he allows dems, they push for something else. Cut 60 rule.
No Trump appointments. Period.
But he agrees we are sick of you politicians folding every two seconds
Dems are disgraceful.
hypocrite, thy name is Chuck
There MIGHT be more pressing matters at hand.
literally done with you!
