Bruce Brailey was right.
Are they assisting you in destroying the credibility of the FBI and covering trump's collusion? Mueller is going to investigate you too.
Those law clerks should remind you Sally Yates, former Acting AG did inform #45 of Russian influence within his team. Then she was fired.
Sen. Grassley, you are a tool of this corrupt administration, complicit in attempts to deflect investigations into potential crimes.
You're trying to interfere in the Russian investigation, you dotard. Your motives? What, are you on the Russians' side?  1/2
You're 84, and it's past time to get a mental checkup.

An OPEN LETTER to Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA), Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, who today asked if the FBI warned Mr. Trump about Russia: 
You committed TREASON putting PERJURER/THIEF Neil "Evangelical Christian Sharia Law" on Supreme Court, you are a TRAITOR working for KGB
Vicious GREEDY REPUBLICANS view healthcare as extortion, steal all the money from Sick/Dying, then turn them over to GOP Undertakers Win/Win
Please investigate! 
.@newtgingrich on Obama: "We have never, ever in American history had as many different scandalous behaviors by a president & his team." 
Why do you fight the Russia & Trump W.H. investigation? Why don't you protect America from Russia? Shocking Scandal & Corruption! Immoral.
We see what you're trying to pull Grassley. Back off and let Mueller do his job.

An OPEN LETTER to Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA), Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, who today asked if the FBI warned Mr. Trump about Russia: 
When are you going to look into Tom Price's use of private jets or his trading on health stocks while in congress? Drain the swamp!!

An OPEN LETTER to Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA), Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, who today asked if the FBI warned Mr. Trump about Russia: 
Did they pep you for Trump's impeachment?
 Please investigate!
.@newtgingrich on Obama: "We have never, ever in American history had as many different scandalous behaviors by a president & his team." 
The Graham-Cassidy bill would break with decades of progress toward improving human health, @jameshamblin writes
How about you put them to work on Russian interference in election instead of obstructing justice by attacking our FBI. Protect democracy.
What are you up to? Subpoenas for the FBI? You are treasonous to the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.  Hey out of Mueller's way and let him save Us
Why are you trying to interfere with Mueller investigation? @MaddowBlog
@ChuckGrassley is starting to look a lot like @RepDevinNunes.     #RussianGOP
NOT ONE DAMN COMMENT TO VOTE YES. EVERYONE SAYS NO. DO YOU GET IT?

VOTE NO

VOTE NO
Are U&clerks wondering why Price used private planes to travel around&Mnuchin used them for personal use?R U thwarting Russia investigation?
Iowa - I'm sure you are proud.  He doesn't care what you think.
GOP senator says it doesn't matter how bad  latest Obamacare replacement is-- he's voting for it https://thinkprogress.org/senator-admits-obamacare-replacement-might-hurt-country-841b4df32704/ … via @thinkprogress
I've never voted for him.
saw the 9/27 committee statement on the fbi. We the people suspect that Comey, etc colluded against a free election. Kudos to your staff. My feeling fbi politicised.
Please investigate!  
.@newtgingrich on Obama: "We have never, ever in American history had as many different scandalous behaviors by a president & his team." 
Chuck, can I use your defense next time I get pulled over for speeding? That I didn't get a warning from Cops that I was going too fast?
Are they going to help you interfere with Mueller investigation. Time to investigate you for obstruction of justice.
They're probably planning to abduct u bcuz of your treasonous efforts to undo the #MuellerInvestigation. That makes u a LOSER & a criminal!
And of course there’s his attempt to spoil two @fbi agents in Russia investigation. You and @DevinNunes are traitors. #goprussiascum
Why have there been no public hearings re #TrumpRussia?? Why are you not concerned re the counter intelligence aspect? What's to STOP RUSSIA
And you are a poor example for them
WTF are you doing re Russian investigation?Now BLAMING FBI for not alerting trump that Russia was interfering?
DO YOUR JOB. Stop OBSTRUCTING
Did they help you write the attack letter on OUR FBI??

Your concern is misplaced Sir it should be on Russian interference in OUR election!
Have never tweeted before or contacted you. Healt plan is a sham. You've lost my vote. You are not for ME. Grinnell voter
No tRUmp confirmations. More public hearings. Remove all lying racist corrupt treasonous putin puppets.No Koch dark $ #SaveACA #nullify2016
did they explain the situation with senators using donations to pay to legally protect trump from the RULE OF LAW?
Grassley admitting that the @GOP will vote for anything, regardless of what the #GrahamCassidy bill actually says. Honest, but spineless.

@ChuckGrassley is a liar, it's not about campaign promises either. It's about Koch brothers money funding their 2018 & 2020 campaigns. Greed
U have said, "I could maybe give U 10 reasons why this bill shouldn't B considered." YET U WILL VOTE  EVEN IF MIL. LOSE CARE. SHAME ON U! 
Why are you not standing up for so many Americans? Why are you bailing on us now?  This bill is terrible!!!
If Manafort's not cooperating, why are you dragging your heels? What's with your highly inefficient investigation, Chuck?
Kinda of hypocritical. Someone like you who warps the law having clerks. Hope those young people don't pick up your sick ideas.
When are you going to release the transcript of the interview with the company that commissioned the Steele dossier?
Your JOB is todo what's best for constituents. U KNOW this #healthcarebill destroys lives but will vote for it because of POLITICS? Shameful
“You know, I could maybe give you 10  reasons why this bill shouldn’t be considered,” Grassley said of the  legislation.
You are a MONSTER
People before party!!!!!!!!!!!
He votes the way his donors want, clearly.  Sorry Iowa $$ more important that your healthcare funding.
You have lost any semblance of a moral compass
Your support of Trumpkill is atrocious- grow a spine Chuck.
Sad youd vote forba bad health care bill juat because gop said so    grow a pair chuck
Voting for A healthcare bill affecting millions of people negatively is immoral. Trump is not your ultimate judge!
If you believe that there are 10 reasons not to pass the upcoming ACA repeal - then DON'T vote for it!! Stand up for the American people!
You do realize that your argument is invalid because most of your constituents weren't even aware Obamacare and the ACA are the same thing.
The ones that voted against him are aware. I'm one of them.
"We promised we'd repeal and replace, so clearly that meant "take away, take away and charge more by the 100's% " so...that's what I'm doing
You've got to be kidding me. Anyone with common sense, or morals, or compassion, or understanding of the economy would vote no.
You can talk yourself into thinking you're "keeping a promise" so you can sleep at night, but we will never forget and won't let YOU forget.
You are an embarrassment to this country!
Willing to kill Americans to uphold campaign promise? What a POS
Along with your Republican counterparts.
I wanted to write something clever. Something so utterly brilliant that it would properly surmise my opinion of you. But "You're Dick", won.
Someone should be answering all the calls to your office, requesting you vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.  Hope you plan on retiring soon.
Party before...well, just about anything else.  

I wish I lived in your state so I could help vote your ass out.
Vote Against Graham-cASSidy Healthcare Plan. Too Many Millions Will Lose Coverage.
Chuck, please kill this bill!
Everyday the GOP led Congress proves how malicious they are as a ruling party and how dangerous! Thank you for Motivating US.  You are OUT.
Pathetic, supporting #GrahamCassidy bc of "campaign promises"!
Sacrificing constituents' needs for the sake of rhetoric. You have no morals.
Did you tell them that you care more about tax cuts for the rich & keeping campaign promises than you do about the lives of millions? SHAME!
Shame on you for supporting #CassidyGraham with the fake excuse of fulfilling a campaign promise. You people are so out of touch
Should you perhaps spend some time thinking about the implications of this malevolent "healthcare" bill for your constituents? Just an idea.
shame on you
The actual campaign promise was to replace ACA with something "better" not something worse.
WRONG JUST BECAUSE you said you would vote for it.  Even if voters had changed & most DID NOT want you to vote for it?
Your thoughts on the HC bill in the Des Moine Register madeNO SENSE. You feel you have to support a bill,even if it's morally
OR better yet, you and @SenJoniErnst are IMMEDIATELY kicked out of the Senate! You put your jobs on the line!!! I will be calling you both!!
OK so WHEN NOT IF the new healthcare kills people/kicks them off insurance etc. we get to auto go back to ACA @SenJoniErnst
Enjoyed watching u make a fool of yourself AGAIN
There is no question, the only humane thing to do is #VoteNOGrahamCassidy !!! It is a disaster & you know it.
they're just trying to pass anything before the 30th bunch of cons, trying to please their donors! #VoteNo
Voting for the Graham-Cassidy bill just to fulfill campaign promise to repeal ACA is a gutless, irresponsible, deplorable act.
This is about people's lives.  If you don't care about people anymore, you should resign.
Is there bigger jerk than Chuckie? What a cruel heartless soulless man He admits to knowing the damage he's doing but doesn't care Pure evil
They will b 1st gen has basically3 mtg pymnts...home, student loans & healthcare.
@SenSasse @BenSasse @SenatorFischer @SenJohnMcCain THIS is how you should legislate...for ppl, NOT 4 Koch checks!  Vote NO on trumpcare 3.0 https://twitter.com/funder/status/910604482043678721 …
You are taking Koch $ and paying for it with AMERICAN lives? You will kill more than 9-11 ea yr w GOP Healthcare! Not #MAGA
I have little respect for you. I'll have even less when you throw Iowa disabked childern off health care with your bill.
Do they know about this??  Shame on you.
Your ONLY reason to vote to repeal Obamacare...A black guy did it...

Now This is DISGUSTING...

Senator Chuck Grassley: "Repealing ObamaCare Is More Important Than Whatever Replaces It"
Please vote NO on this unkind healthcare bill. American Cancer Society and American Heart Association,many other orgs against it. BE KIND!
Did you really say that repealing Obamacare is more important than what's replacing it? In other words, you don't care about people.
Your comments on HC campaign promise isn't in good faith. This solution damages is too many. You obligation is beyond vague campaign slogan

Sen G thinks it's ok to tear up 1/5 of US economy & the fate of thousands of Iowans w/ no CBO cuz: political points
We asked @ChuckGrassley if he's supporting Graham-Cassidy. This was his answer: http://dmreg.co/2xnJnpZ  
Vote NO on #gram/cass It's your time to be a maverick and vote your conscience and stand up to GOP corruption
You are a traitor to Iowans and the American people. People will die directly because of you. Their blood will be on your hands.
Shut up. All you care about is less than 30% of the voting population of this country so you can say you beat back the black guy's program.
How do you justify taking healthcare away from millions of Americans just so GOP legislators can keep their campaign promises?
Why are you trying to decrease @POTUS powers? Are you hiding something? The American people will NOT be happy about this. KNOW THAT. STOP IT
We don't care about any of this right now. We only care about how you want to kill people.
Letting the states "experiment"?

You are voting to kill people.

You think it was a campaign promise to kill Americans?

Good Lord.
Chuck Mengele Grassley. People's lives aren't an experiment.
Say, Chuck, if I break my foot over in Illinois is it any different than if I break it in Iowa? 

What about if I get cancer in Nebraska?
Is the cancer less cancery if I cross state lines? Which state, if people hop across the border on a pogo stick, does it go into remission?
Does a circulatory system work backwards in any state since all disease and human health works differently in different states?
Chuck, why don't we let each state decide which side of the road to drive on? Seems just as smart to me.
We put you guys in power on repeal&REPLACE your not keeping your promise with this bill. We deserve better & we will not forget.
That's great. BTW why r u trying to decrease presidential powers??
You must be getting a lot of bribes from Putin to keep trying to shut down the #RussiaGate probes. Trust me we will find out.
The more you keep pulling this shit, the more we will fight to have 45 removed from office. We will NEVER give up.
You have no shame. #FlipTheHouse
Amazing quote from @ChuckGrassley here: Despite many reasons to oppose Graham-Cassidy, GOP must support it to uphold campaign promises. 
And that @ChuckGrassley quote is why the #GOP is dying. The GOP is Owned by Big Donors and Special Interests. Good Riddance to the Creeps
No to Graham Cassidy.  Do what's right for your constituents not you party!
Let's hope they are idealistic and brave enough to put country before party, despite having spent a semester working with Republicans.
Good now save our healthcare!
Party over people, feelings before facts. What a narrow minded man. 
#GOPTreason 
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy 
#greed
Really? Are you stupid or just heartless. It has to be one or the other.
Now would be a good time to release Glenn Simpson's transcript. You are complicit.
U r willing to take healthcare away from our veterans along w/our most vulnerable & millions of Americans to fulfill a campaign promise?!!
A promise that only 12% want by the way. U were elected to protect us!This bill will hurt us. We will never ever forget!
Senator, please vote NO on the horrendous health kill bill!
Such a bad example for them. We can only hope their study of law included the constitution and balance of power designed to protect America.
Please think about this when you vote. 11/
You are making most voters distrustful of you. You all seem seriously apathetic to your voters needs. 10/
care what Party they vote for as long as you are gone. PAs current Gov is a Democrat. Aside from this, you all are killing your Party. 8/
pass this destructive bill, I don't care how many Reps are telling you to do so, the poor-middle class Rep voters that this hurts, won't 7/
him they couldn't wait to vote him out. And they did. We all did. He was the first Governor since 1970 to not serve 2 terms. If you 6/
were middle class Republicans who had voted for him. I looked at his Facebook page at the time & it was littered with angry Reps telling 5/
etc. This threw thousands of people across the state out of work. He didn't consider that about half those people & their families 4/
Are they ok with RNC paying Trump family defense funds?
make deep cuts to anything considered a human service. He cut funding to education, closed needed schools, hospital funding, 3/
last Rep Governor. He promised his Rep constituents to balance the state budget which they loved this idea. He then proceeded to make 2/
Family farmer? Do you believe other family farmers across US will be happy you stole their health insurance from them & their families?
Planning more obstruction
Wanna tell you a story about accepting a bill, no matter how destructive it is to satisfy a Party. Tom Corbett was PAs most recent & 1)
Please vote no on #GrahamCasiddy
Ok but please don't repeal ACA
DO NOT interfere with Mueller's investigation. Americans want the truth. We're sick and tired of all of the lies and this corrupt WH
Any health bill you vote for - make sure it applies to you and your cohorts too!

Me again. Vote no for repeal and replace. I vote yes for your retirement.
Did you explain your blocking of Garland? How you ignored the constitution?Did you tell them about ignoring the emoluments clause as well?
Seems nepotism creeping in to cloud you!
DO YOUR JOB!
70% of US know he's guilty as sin!
WE ARE WATCHING!
WE ARE AWAKE!
WE WANT HIM OUT!
Great! Now save Iowan's health care. No to #GrahamCassidyBill
Maybe you should be looking at this?
https://twitter.com/mareoak/status/910492752978350080 …. Teaching them that $$ over lives is the "right" path?
Please, I beg of you. Don't vote yes on #healthcare .
You definitely have a type, Chuck.
Vote no on trumpcare. You showing them how crooked GOP choose party   And Koch br over country?
Have you explained to them why you gave up all your integrity and morals to serve the Dear Leader? #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
Chuck left the planet like 15 years ago
And this:
Did you tell them how you plan to let people die without healthcare?
Chuck, please tell me more about this:
Did you tell them why you obstructed 59 nominees to the end of Obama's term, for an average of 400 days each?
Is someone blackmailing you sir? #EqualJustice 
#transparency

Ex. or present Govt. Officials are not above the law, sir!
You are proven criminal Traitor to USA Fraud Chuck Grassley,NETFLIX $60B Fraud loot racket Whistleblower screams
@TomFitton @SteveBannen @BankingGOP @GOPSenFinance @FinancialCmte @AGJeff_Sessions @TheJusticeDept @WhiteHouse @ChuckGrassley @RepHensarling
What kind of faux conservative sits idly while a prez for 1st time in US history puts taxpayer $ in HIS OWN POCKETS?
You are proven criminal Traitor to USA Fraud Chuck Grassley,NETFLIX $60B Fraud loot racket Whistleblower screams
You should do something serious about the clinton foundation, to much talk and no action.
You are proven criminal Traitor to USA Fraud Chuck Grassley,NETFLIX $60B Fraud loot racket Whistleblower screams

You are proven criminal Traitor to USA Fraud Chuck Grassley,NETFLIX $60B Fraud loot racket Whistleblower screams
