
I find your truthful words & lovely accompanying pic to be completely honest as well as accurate. Good job, friend 
DOJ not good negotiating settlements. Rep for my agency, 
would downsize offer prior to response from other party, anything to settle.
BUT WHAT ARE YOUR views on UNSTABLE NAZI TRAITOR in the white house??? #SMH
#Unmasking #ComeyLeaks #Lynch #Clintonfoundation shouldn't you prosecute for justice ?  @JusticeOIG
So @WikiLeaks just released evidence clinton campaign funds were DIVERTED TO RYAN,MCCAIN,GRAHAM,FIORINA,KASICH to undermine Trump if he won.
IN AN EMAIL FROM PODESTA TO ABEDIN THE PAIR DISCUSSED DIVERTING CAMPAIGN FUNDS TO VARIOUS REPUB SENATORS WHO SECRETLY ON CLINTON PAYROLL.
IT DOESN'T GET MUCH DIRTIER THAN THAT. SO CHUCK, GOING TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS? OR JUST IGNOR TREASONOUS ACTIVITIES. THEY NEED TO RESIGN
RYAN, MCCAIN, GRAHAM. IF U DO NOTHING ABOUT THIS PEOPLE WILL WONDER WHY.
What hath the GOP wrought?
@LauretteRyan they want to grab Joe Manchins seat by giving him DHS. Then DJT can have enuff to take away #Healthcare
Support to get this menace out of the WH is a must! Do republicans really want the fallout from this regime to effect them in 2018?
There's something worse Chuck. You've been silent on the Fannie Mae theft by Obama et al. You once had a voice.

Don't be afraid to speak.
Hmmm perhaps the MOCs that haven't allowed Medicare to negotiate drug prices with companies might take some responsibility! Hint!
You could take back the taxpayer dollars and offset the awards Gomez the VSST if you let 9/11 families collect on their eligible judgements!
Terribly disappointed you support racist trump. Terribly disappointed in your lack of courage to do the right thing.
Grassley is doing more than most to expose corruption.
Read his letters he's a bad ass!
Problem is You don't hate corruption
You hate Trump
Grassley is unwilling to protect seniors, the poor and disabled. He is lockstep with trump's bigotry and 100's of lies. Sick.
Don't understand?  1/2 B less?

Damn.  Have you been asleep for the past week? ?? Damn.
DOJ does not care about consumers. Sessions only cares about pleasing his master.
CEG...I'm with you and appreciate your steadfast and wise pressure on these unethical companies...and DOJ!
I'm disappointed with your poor performance in issuing subpoenas for the Obama Administration to get the truth and bring them to justice
Please be as disapppointed in your president and do something. Maybe echo and support Bob Corker. He was willing to say it out loud.
Bob Corker is cooked, fried, roasted call it whatever you want.
Get a grip, Charlie.  You as well as most; know the GOP always sells out to the Corporate smell of money.  Disappointed?  OK; not surprised!
Fan of yours. But u ring hollow coming from a Senator 2 decry others "shortchanging taxpayers" after decades of Congress doing it n spades!
Keep up the good fight!
Maybe both sides are wrong?
What a shock that an admin run by corporate wealth would not hold a corporation accountable!
Very coherent tweet. You're stepping your game up big.
What, it's "deregulation"... Its your party's whole goal to screw Americans, your voters are too stupid to get it






I know that love is supposed to conquer hate- but I am just so so angry right now. I am full of rage towards the @GOP & @realDonaldTrump
I imagine they paid off someone in the DOJ. This is why free market doesn't work in healthcare
The excuse is that the administration is so business centric that they are a danger to the public.
Thank you for your efforts on this. I have a child with life threatening food allergies. At any given time, he requires 4 epis on hand.
and just how does this fine help any patient who needs the treatment???
Only way to meaningfully control healthcare costs is government mandated cost controls . I know it sucks but for healthcare it is true .
Your party is standing by a racist @POTUS I'm disappointed in your silence. Condemn your President.
I'm terribly disappointed you are still on the Trump train.  History will not be kind to you.
he's like 90 years old.  he will be scum to the end, i'm sure.
Grassley supported Sessions who supports Trump. Get it? You are part of the problem!
You should. @realDonaldTrump is all about keeping the rich guys happy not your constituents.
I believe EpiPen is now listed as a generic, when really it is not.
Now you know why the public needs the @CFPB. We don't have the Justice Dept  clout. Americans get screwed.
Wait Chuck, wasn't it you who confirmed the liar who runs DOJ? What's your excuse for that?
Unfortunately, AJ Sessions disappoints in many ways: voter suppression, anti-civil rights, civil asset forfeiture, mandatory minimums...
Voter suppression huh. Doubt it. More like voter fraud.
Terrorist attacks old man. Stay focused.
You are dim to believe that the members of your own party who you voted to confirm would have it any other way.
You have NO EXCUSE for not calling out our President and his hateful disgusting comments.
Did you just wake up? What have you been doing about HCB & Merck sucking the life out of Medicare? RETIRE
Believe me, we're all sad that the DoJ won't stand up to BigPharma either. Plus, I'm sure your man Gorsuch will have their back as well.
You know who's in charge of the guy at the top of the DoJ?  Your buddy @realDonaldTrump. You voted for @jeffsessions, this is on you, too.
Once again, grassley, you have been shown you have NO clout. Resign & go back to the farm with the other chickens.
Your looking for excuses and we're still wondering.
Fake news
Sen. Grassley. You're the ONLY republican still worth of respect. Please end the @realDonaldTrump circus.
@ChuckGrassley open your eyes! There are many NO EXCUSES in this trump administration...you are a seasoned statesman in wash. look around!!
Why haven't you spoken out against trumps response to Charlottesville?
Good for you. No reason to hide when we are being treated badly. Stand up guy
Now healthcare reform. Repeal. It's what you're there for
I'm not, 
singed 
unfortunate stock holder
What was the justification from DOJ? Seems like a clear case against the manufacturer
If it's not too much trouble, can you be equally upset about the unfit disaster currently occupying the Oval Office? Thanks in advance.
As an ex-Iowan I'm terribly disappointed you still provide cover for the dangerous coward you allow to remain president.
Will DOJ now funnel these funds to radical 'grass roots' organization like under @BarackObama?
Same thing Obama DOJ did with all the TBTF banks
u know, chuck, stop playing games. stop impeding...u know what i mean. you & @GOP have power to save people beyond pharma. know what i mean?
Wow..major difference in $ amount here. Disappointing. Does everyone work 4 pharmaceuticals?
I'm disappointed w u rinos only elected again tooass trumps agenda not your globalist one . Say bye bye next year
Iowans are more concerned about Our kidnapped children by ex spouses or CPS and the Title IV D & E.  Mine are w their alcoholic absent Dad
We need YOU to speak during our MILLION PARENT MARCH from Sept 18-20.  I prefer the private event for Senators on the 19th.
No excuse for judge Gorsuch to be speaking at Trump tower enriching Fascist in Chief @realDonaldTrump either #MerrickGarland
You need to blame Harry Reid for that one.
READ: @ChuckGrassley: @TheJusticeDept Settlement on #EpiPen Overcharges is Disappointment to Taxpayers https://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-justice-department-settlement-epipen-overcharges-disappointment …
Good for you.
Sen Grassley than do something. It all starts with the rotten apple at the top. 
#ImpeachTrump
Your continued obsequiousness to trump is inexcusable. Stand up to this tyrant!


Where does this settlement go? How does it benefit taxpayers?
Unacceptable. Call him out by name and censure him!
Trump: "I think there's blame on both sides... you also had people that were very fine people on both sides." (via ABC) 
Unacceptable
Former Grand Wizard of the KKK praising Donald Trump's press conference: https://twitter.com/DrDavidDuke/status/897559892164304896 …
Unacceptable
That's the least of your problems today.
