it would have been hard to vote against Garland too. unfortunately thanks to your joke of a party, no one had the chance to.
his past rulings were overturned by the Supreme Court. This a no-brainer. VOTE NO
This is a partisan fake hearing. Shame on you. Hope your nominee gets filibustered.
I thought he sucked. Political hack. GOP is a dig race to America. And you're a big part of it.
Senator he was SUPREME!
The @GOP is CORRUPT. The CABINET is CORRUPT. Investigate #trumprussia for COLLUSION & GRAFT & TREASON. 
#resist
Merrick Garland!
Sane people or Republicans? #GorsuchHearing
the Supreme Court voted against him. Why do you think he upholds the law??
Merrick Garland. Not so hard.
Sorry, very easy to vote against him. Again, it is not about his qualifications. It is all about Merrick Garland. #StolenSeat
But he didn't actually answer the important questions.  NO.
Yes, please support #Gorsch for #SCOTUS!
USA needs nine on the court ASAP!
- no. No. And NO! You're supporting a corrupt government and a treasonous leader. Horrible!!
PRUDENCE seems of utmost importance. Please use prudence (look it up in @MerriamWebster if you need a refresher on meaning!)
Easy on your obvious bromance there, Chuck. Nomination should be suspended until #TrumpRussia is sorted out.
The fact that you are joyful about your complete failure to do your constitutional duty is disgusting
1) Merrick Garland. 2) See 1.
Garland s never going to be SCOTUS justice. Get over it. Had the people wanted him they would not have elected GOP
wonderful man competent polite and qualified let them whine.
Keep up the great work   :}
I could vote against him because of his decision in the Hobby Lobby case and others.
Golly, it's amazing how he memorized that many hours of answers. But gosh he kind of sounded like a robot.
wait until Russian Trump investigation is completed!
chucky there's the midterm and you'll lose to a Democrat you'll have to climb back under your slimy rock
Meanwhile, Trump worked with Russians to get elected and this whole presidency, including nomination, illegitimate. #treason
questions/answers from R's show complete disrespect of process.  Vote on Garland first.
I agree.  Or confirm Garland first, then we'll talk
how was your big boy nap?  Retire if you can't work the required hours you old crow!
How did Garland do on his hearings? Oh wait-he didn't have one. Trump is on his last year.  He can't select a SC justice!
Chuck
you mean Associate Justice Garland, don't you?
We won't forget YOU DIDN'T give Garland the same consideration!#Retire so U can go to bed early every night & run in the a.m.
How do you suppose Merrick Garland would have done had you given him hearings as is your duty to the people??
the Supreme Court unanimously voted against him today.  Doesn't look to hard.  He has bad judgement, proven today.
Wouldn't be hard for me, but I have ovaries and a superior sense of right and wrong.
Ur leader is under FBI investigation!! Can't confirm!!
wrong
His nomination is the fruit of a poisoned tree. Confirmation should not continue while the shadows of #TrumpRussia get bigger
Hard to vote against him? You mean, only the people who lack scruples, that is.
you have become a joke.
You keep telling yourself that because no one else believes it SCOTUS overturned one of his prior rulings today #StopGorsuch
In case you didn't see this; Gorsuch was over turned UNANIMOUSLY by SCOTUS today  http://ti.me/2n7HZkF 
@PatGrassley there will forever be an asterisk of shame next to the Grassley name for your role in denying Garland #GOPshame
Party before country for #ComradeGrassley.
that's all it was. A performance to dupe his way into a permanent position
Hillary was better....
It is a stolen seat.  Merrick Garland is the only candidate who should have it. Criminal @POTUS should not set lifetime judge
definition of performance: an activity that a person or group does to entertain an audience. I thought this was a hearing.
.....during which time you could have confirmed Garland 5 times over if you wanted to. Did you know Trump was u/investigation
it's not a performance. The fact that you think it is should disturb everyone.
we need to determine if @POTUS will survive a criminal investigation that has been going since JULY..........
no new justice until FBI investigation is over.
Garland would have done just as good. When are you going to be an American first, Republican second?
your cuddling up with Trump and his nominees and healthcare plan. Will end badly for you when he gets impeached.#russiatrump
think it's about time to drop the Anthony Weiner bombshell. The fact Hitlery knew he was sexting a 15 year old & said nothing
he should not be able to nominate a justice in the last few days of his presidency. Clean up FBI and Russian interference 1st
I am disappointed how his nomination was maneuvered in a horrible manner. But I do like him personally.
Halt the hearing! This should not move forward until you #InvestigateTrump. #Countryb4Party
so was the past judge under Pres. Obama - you alone prevented his hearing because you could not handle Republican pressure.
By the way, your looking terrible. Get a check up. Your health is more important than the GOP. THEY ARE JUST USING YOU
No lifetime appointments for Trump until this Russia business is fully investigated. Thanks for selling our nation out
Well you should vote against him, You made him illegitimate by stealing his seat from Obama! Shameful conduct on your part.
A partisan hack and an embarrassment to Iowa.  For shame "Senator"
Having a decision overturned by the Supreme Court is quite embarrassing. He might not understand the Constitution very well.
you should have AT LEAST conducted SCOTUS hrg for #MerrickGarland. Disappointed that you did not; that wasn't professional.
#Gorsuch favours corporations more than the rights of individuals. Pls do not vote for him. +u failed 2 do ur duty w/ Garland
Chuck, you're not worried  that EVERY SINGLE MEMBER of the Supreme Court overturned decision of his today? Worries me, Chuck.
Here's an idea-confirm both Garland & Gorsuch, but not before rules are in place for the future so this doesn't happen again.
Great day, unless you factor in the unanimous decision by the supreme court of one of his decisions.  #notreadyforprimetime
except that you completely destroyed the system by blocking a hearing and a vote on Garland. You broke it, now you buy it.
Trump is a traitor & clearly so are you
were we watching the same questioning?! He ruled against disabled kids 8 out of 10x.this doesn't belong on SCOTUS
.@ChuckGrassley interesting that you want to #DoYourJob now. Til Trump is cleared of treason u need 2 put the brakes on this nom. #weobject
fine. Now get to the real issue of Russian involvement in our government
So you think the homophobe is a slam dunk?
1. You can't "do" a performance. 
2. Calling it a "performance" implies he was acting. 
3. Merrick Garland.
He could be questioned for 1000 hours - doesn't change it's a stolen seat that belongs to Garland.
@twright55 WE WANT GORSUCH!
So disappointed in u. No appts while investigations ongoing! Besides, u disregarded yr duties w/ Garland. Do what is right.
time to table the Gorsuch deal while you guys hold hearings on treason by your Prez.
didn't some Rs say they wld have blocked an HRC SCOTUS nom had she won due to her investigation? Same shld apply here.
glad you approve of Judge Gorsuch, what you did to Judge Garland is deplorable and it will always be apart of your legacy.
Back to the history channel, Chuck.
By blocking Garland in favor for our puppet president's Russian pick, YOU ARE IN COLLUSION. #Resign
Are you *trying* to help destroy our country? I just want to know the truth. You block Merrick Garland in favor for puppets.
The president is compromised by Russia, the GOP is compromised because they keep covering for him, and now the SCOTUS?
How the heck can we trust this man (or anyone who votes yes) because he was nominated by trump, who is a Putin puppet?
@AutumnDawnPrice Congressional Democrats are mentally unhinged, so it's quite easy for them to do lots of unexpected things.
i think you could have said the same of Merrick Garland.
democrats better vote against gorsuch en masse. you stole this seat chuck, and we won't forget it
He again said he will stand on precedent.  That is not what a Supreme Court Judge does, they set it.
it will be easy. Merrick Garland didn't get a vote because you refused to your job.
#MerrickGarland  cheating & gerrymadering helps too huh? Get another cheater on court to help you cheat. 
So disgusting. U consider corporations people, but don't consider people people. Well, people only vote. Corps PAY, right?
Fool
Except Gorsuch tainted by #TraitorInChief who nominated him, so u will never allow him approval, right? canned garland 4 less
You all need to put these hearings on hold until the Trump Treason investigation is completed!!! That should be a priority!!
Garland! Trump team coordinated with Russia and you are carrying his water. You were elected by Iowans not the GOP. Absurd!
Thank you for your leadership and it was a disgrace the way some @SenateDems treated Judge Gorsich
what about the fact that Gorsuch should not even be having confirm hearings? Halt until Trump/Russia investigations are done!
It's not an issue of voting against Gorsuch, it's an issue of not being able to vote -pro or con-for Garland. #Hypocrisy
I vote NO!!!  I mean really people!  The SCOTUS can wait.  We have a pres to impeach! Why would we put his pick on the Supreme Court?
you can't confirm a judge when the p.o.s. president that nominated him is under fbi investigation.
cannot be more dissapointed in your inherent dishonesty
We're dealing with Democrats who wouldn't vote for any judge nominated by a Republican president.  Use Nuclear Option.
how can you be so craven and call yourself an Iowan? Fair Play and even handedness r Iowa's values.. u r just a party hack
This #SCOTUS pick has a brilliant mind, humorous wit and gentle demeanor. Great pick for our nation @POTUS !  Good job!
Good to know you've already made up your mind even tho POTUS being investigated #unfit
vote no on gorsuch
I watched it all & I highly disagree.U may think it is ok 4 a traitor 2 the US 2 pick a SCOTUS Judge but WE DON'T.SHAME ON U!
The sooner we can get more of the appointees approved the sooner we can make the US great again. Lots of work ahead. #jobs
<-- the reason we need term limits
.@ChuckGrassley it's clear you continue to support Trump. I think you should be included in the treason investigation.
You could have said the same thing about Judge Garland, you thief!
He deserves 70 vote
please vote for him, Senator!
i won't vote for him
I wonder if Merrick Garland would have been hard to vote against
No sir. That seat belongs to Garland. Filibuster incoming.
and the nuke option wins. The next one or two selections should be really good 
HOW CAN ANYONE VOTE FOR A JUSTICE NOMINATED BY A PRESIDENT UNDER CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION FOR TREASON?
Exactly
How about we pump the brakes until we've cleared Trump of treasonous behavior?
