We know what side you stand on 
Say it ain't so....
#TrumpRussia #KremlinGate #SpecialCounsel #Impeach45 #Resist  #ComeyMemo #TrumpLeaks

Yes! :D these are always fun!
YES! I learned this from you yesterday. Thanks!
Yay! :D
Uhhh, WHAT? What exactly is a "thoroly"???? Come on. Jesus.
You don't want to investigate.  Quit pussyfooting around.  It's going to be dirty so put your boots on and do it.  Geez u suck
Your tweets are atrocious. If you want to act as a representative learn to spell and thread tweets. Thoroly? Really?
Looks like grassly is today's chosen target for the raging psychopath conspiracy theorist Mensch
Once again if you are going to parody a psychopathic twit, you must act the part. Now accuse me of being a russian agent!
You Russian Goober!
I think it's time to vote senators out like you that don't care about America and too busy wasting our tax money on an investigations
Fact  - AFTER the #USIC's official report said Russia hacked the election, YOU POSTED THIS, you Quisling @ChuckGrassley #TrumpRussia

Trump should totally be cleared after many people said no Russian collusion & Trump is not under investigation. GOP are hurting themselves
no crime proven execpt the deep state government leaking classified information and secret shared intelligence, we love potus
Iowa voters are sick and tried with congress members sellingout our country to the United Nations which is treason against America
There is no Russiagate.This was invented by the Dems & then moved forward relentless by media. Don't you know this sir? GOP voters supp DJT
That's  not what our intelligence officials are saying.. Don't put your head in the sand just because you don't want to be wrong about DJT
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GreggHarper @SenatorWicker ALL I WANT IS MY REP. & SENATOR AND ALL OF YOU TO REOPEN ALL CASES INVOL. HRC,JWC,PODESTA !
Sessions can do this now. Why doesn't he?
Hillary stories were made up, to fuel hatred and gain votes for the GOP. It worked. Hate-filled, angry people jumped on the Trump train.
THEY R NOT STORIES. WISH PPL WOULD REALLY GO AN RESEARCH 1ST. BUT U PROBABLY WON'T HAVE AN OPEN MIND . BUT MAYBE YOU WILL AND LOOK INTO IT.
Us long time Repub. will vote for DEMS in 2018/20for congress because of your non support for our DT.If Trump around in 2020-we vote for him


Please resign and move to Russia and take your comrades with you
Oh oh chuck better get maaco
Ok then. Investigate. Thoroughly.
You were in the 3/15 meeting with #DiFi @SenFeinstein. You know the facts. You know what happened and you know he's obstructing.
You mean "thoroughly"?  This looks to be typed by a 2nd grader.  You should be embarrassed and ashamed for this and your Russian connections
are you homeschooled?
lol. Doesn't appear that way to most Americans.  Then again, Russia thinks you're doing a swell job. #traitor
U think we're ALL watching Apprentice? E5s from Russia have been going on 4 YRS!!!  Russia PAID #TrumpBrand + DJT bought @GOP - @DNC said NO
Go back to grammar school.....you clearly need help!
You didn't need that intel briefing did you? You knew before Brennan. You are in deep. You are an old man, Cut a deal before it is too late.
You are a liar who has actively worked to cover treason and you will be remembered for it.
Your a liar!
Hope you and Scooby get to the bottom of this mystery!
Senator Grassley, have you ever been directly or indirectly funded by Russians or people directly or indirectly connected to Russia?
All will be revealed when sealed indictments are unsealed. It'll be the first time the GOP has faced the truth since 1994.
Quit please.
Look in the mirror, @ChuckGrassley . #complicit
You have supported Trump all along. How can anybody believe you will be impartial? You put Party above Country at every opportunity.

I have Russian connection. WH can't tell truth w/o reveal'g my name. In London mental facility; contacted Guardian for help. Stalked by FDIC
Sir, Dems can't have it both ways. They were keen for a SP, now they must respect his authority, independence, & integrity of investigation
Chuck, call an ambulance right away. You are not making any sense---you may be having a stroke!
Sir, wouldn't a public grandstanding by Comey, only hinder & compromise invest by SP? Why does he refuse to appear at a closed hearing? ODD
I'm tired of Democrats & news stations taking anonymous sourced NYTimes & WaPo stories as fact.
Tweeting is perfect for dispelling rumor lies ect. Way to use the force! Encourage colleagues to do same.
So it sounds like you are already trying to find a way to let Trump skip everything he's done,  it Clinton lied about a bliwjob #amiright
But it really does seem like a democratic rabbit trail.    So many looking and looking.  Trust you on this.
Translation: lets slow this baby waaaaay down so I can BS & lie my way through another term w/ my power hungry ass. #TrumpRussia #TrumpTaxes
You realize your legacy will be Merrick Garland, Trump and death panels, right?
No you don't.  All you want is some cover for the atrocious behavior your party has condoned from Trump. You are a pathetic old man
let someone else do your tweets from now on. like anyone under the age of 100 will be just fine
Sounds like you best Lawyer Up, Donald...I mean, Chuck
The NEW YORKER cover this week cld only be made better if it had you in the aisle, Chuck, blowing obfuscating smoke from a big ol' cigar.
Is unmasking by Susan Rice included?  Andrew McCabe $600k HRC contribution?  UraniumOne pay for play?  Please be VERY thorough Mr Senator...
IT'S EXACTLY WHAT IT SAYS.
No. You just want to figure out who talked. Not who did treason, and that's just one way the Trump administration perverts the American way.
Your delay in looking at it when it became an issue a year ago makes you look suspect
You want to control the release of facts so you can suppress those unfavorable to Trump.

Grassley: "Am I in trouble?"

Yates: "Let's address that in a more secure setting."
That is reassuring.
Sure you do 
Grassley says this after @DevinNunes stunt that the GOP in both houses looked the other way on and expects anyone to trust the GOP.
Actually your last tweet DID say something about "clear". On fact, no other action mentioned in connection with "act". Freudian slip?
Also, I watched your performance in earlier hearing. You cared only about who blabbed, NOT about the truth and substance.
You want nothing of the sort. Chuck. You have wanted it swept under the rug. You have never supported sn independent investigation
The real investigation is the leaks and unmasking. There are no laws or statutes broken in the Russia story. Any attorney knows that.
Senator,  you've fed off the American tax payer far too long, your mumbled ramblings in your committee meetings proves it's time to retire.

How do you know they would be cleared if you investigate thoroughly? Sounds like you've already made up your mind.
You didn't take an oath to the @POTUS Chuck. You took an oath to support and defend the Constitution. You're violating that oath daily.
There are no NEW facts and investigators have had well over a year to analyze what they have and have found no evidence. Give us a break
Thank you @ChuckGrassley Please please @GeorgWebb investigation on utube!  #HRCRatLine  Those crime are happening here in Iowa! #IOWA
Country above Party, @ChuckGrassley. Do that for Iowa, please.
And Iowa voted for Trump. I pray for him and his family everyday.  I am a centrist.
If you care for the country, pray for the Potus everyday
If you care about the country, #resist every day.
I hope they also look at obvious Hillary/Obama (DOJ/FBI/AG/Leakers) corruption this should lead to. Congress should be in charge
Sen., intelligent people understood what you wanted to say. Those propagating #TrumpRussia hoax will always twist your message. No worries.
You should definitely keep tweeting about this, it's going tremendously well. Great look.
What we the American public finds most disturbing, is the GOP's tepid to almost non existent outrage. Imagine if Hilary had done this???
What about #Fanniegate this is an actual scandal that is directly linked from @POTUS44 admin to @BarackObama himself!
And new FBI director must be out of politics, too. That means NO to Joe Liebermann. #FBIDirector
But Fmr FBI Dir Comey knows how many of you are complicit & under investigation & will take his oath & testimony to Sen Intel Comm & public
Is this English?
I had a top secret clearance, so don't deflect about some things need to be secret.  Answer question, what are you doing in our names?
You worry about leaks,  there should be no secrets from the Citizens of the United States. What are you doing in our name to be kept secret?
Trump is Guilty of Blocking the Investigation and Cover Up Now! That is Impeachable That is what took Nixon Down!
We Don't need any More on Trump to Impeach! He has already done More Then Enough!

Hi @ChuckGrassley - I'd like to report a senior Republican official colluding with Russia's Marakov, his name is "Chuck Grassley" cc @FBI 

J Chaffetz on Fox telling the world that Obama's SS has been caught illegally spying over 40 times, confirmed by IG!
Jason Chaffetz said Obama has been caught 40 times illegal spying on him and NOTHING was done. Obstruction of justice by Loretta Lynch!
Find out who paid for the fake dossier to FRAME Trump so Obama could spy on political opponents! Biggest presidential scandal ever!
The GOP would have a better outcome in 2018 and 2020 without Trump baggage, full of laundered rubles for Jared to wash in the hotel laundry!
You said, "Act&Clear" which would be termed a Fruedian Slip of your intentions. Republicans stand together, maybe soon for firing squad.
Clarify would have been a better word choice. Hope the GOP is willing to SEE evidence presented which implicates Jared; no one voted for HIM
#RipGop
But you have been towing the party line so completely how can we believe that this will be unbiased?
It actually specifically does.
It absolutely said you want it investigated (I don't believe that) and then whatever that reveals you've decided to clear Trump. Traitor
"so we can act&clear" were your exact words, senator.Given the Right's love of Trump that's going to concern your left-leaning constituents.
How much $ has been spent on this? Hillary/Podesta created this story [source:leaked emails] will she be charged for abusing legal system?
Source of leaks more important than content=traitor.  Sickening.
It literally said clear, Chuck.
Then why have all your questions in cmt hearings been on leaks? You've shown no interest in investigating Trump, just in defending him.
Independent commission, yo. No chair who used to work for Trump campaign. Do it right and there'll be no need to go around your backs
Y'all abdicated your responsibility. Allied and domestic intelligence agencies are picking up the slack. Pretty cool how that works, huh.
Too bad you weren't as active the past 8 years
#LetCOMEYSpeakNow
And then you will look the other way
Are you tweeting like a 14 yr old because that's the level Trump can read? Your constituents are not illiterate.
Looks like chuck grassley stands with Russia. We hoped you would have protected our constitution and democracy. Now we know.
Chuck.....I think You said the Same Thing during Watergate and Nixon
Maybe then allocate the resources for a fully funded investigation
How often do you dine with the Russians?
Yes as evidenced by your pushing for a special prosecutor and your push to speed the Senate investigation, yeah right!!
it did say so, maybe stop tweeting? or think about what you are putting in the record?
No you don't.  Your actions prove you to be just another party-over-country Republican who is willing to ignore treason
They might go easy on you if you cooperate
you are trying to save your own ass, not even your job matters to you at this point... because you will never be reelected after this
TRAITOR!
It literally said "act & clear"
Iowa please somehow run this guys ass off not fit to be in public let alone the Senate -- this guy IS the Swamp Creature
Maybe hire someone who knows how to communicate to do twitter for you. You clearly have no idea what you are doing and embarrassing yourself
You said you want to "act&clear" (sic), implies u r determined to clear regardless evidence/testimony. Pouring gasoline on your own legacy.
Actions, not misspelled words, please.
Sorry Chucky you DID say clear again just say I'm a traitor too -- save wear and tear on you single brain cell
Anen
oops. AMEN
"So we can act&clear" implies preordained outcome
You did not demonstrate that at the last hearing.
Your tweets are as incoherent and partisan as the questions you asked of Sally Yates.  You are part of the corruption!
You and the entire government are complicit in Trump's treason. You have failed the people and to protect the constitution. SHAME ON YOU.
Chuck, we know who u r and we know what you did.
The fact u never tweet abt anything except video conference yet now you're soc media ablaze, leads me to believe u r tangled in this mess...
If it weren't for leaks the people of US would know very little except that we elected an idiot. Thank God for leakers.
You seem VERY nervous Senator. You wouldn't do anything to impede this investigation would you? That would be obstruction
#TrumpRussia #KremlinGate #SpecialCounsel #Impeach45 #Resist  #ComeyMemo #TrumpLeaks
#TrumpRussia #KremlinGate #SpecialCounsel #Impeach45 #Resist  #ComeyMemo #TrumpLeaks
Chuck gassley going to jail too? Kompromat? Sad
Grow some balls senator
@scottwongDC How's your buddy Makarov?
Your meeting with Russians is a fact.
Happenings? Sort of like that Russian just happened to be at breakfast with you?
Senator, this is a witchunt against president. You guys are wasting our taxmoney. This president gave up his private life for us. I am very.
Than why did u use the word clear. We know u have been protecting trump for months. All @GOP asks about is leaks
Just your actions suggest that point
@lrozen push for full commission plus special counsel if you're serious abt truth. Otherwise, hush.
You need to recuse yourself. You are no longer considered impartial or fair.
you tried to derail the Comey Judiciary hearing by continuously pushing the "leaks are the real story" line. You are part of WH coverup.
BS. You meant cleared. Your words.
