I'm from Iowa and I personally would like you get these answers! But you won't. 
The leaks are not the problem, they are the solution bc no one will stand up to trump!
I am much more worried about the leaks in our country! The Russia business is blown out of proportion. U no it.
Thank you for being ethical! I hope you're a role model for your fellow R legislators. They're looking pretty CORRUPT.
Please investigate THOROUGHLY & without prejudice!
@SenGOP Absolutely agree. A bipartisan investigation needed. Don't let party loyalty blind you to Russia links. #russiagate
Please continue to press for full investigation of Trump-Russia issue.
America elected President Trump, not the Intelligence community. Try something funny and we'll have Civil War
- Source of leaks is not important, #lookatthecontent
Sen Grassley...country before party. POTUS threatening to purge intel community due to investigation is constitutional threat
I strongly believe G #Flynn nothing wrong. I hope he will have an opportunity to testify to clarify the situation. Tatiana
I also believe #HillaryClinton #SusanRice brought G #Flynn down for political reasons. Susan Rice must testify. Tatiana
zero Russian ties to trump. Go fish
I hope you are likewise concerned about Obama meddling in the Trump Transition through iimproper use of intelligence.
I'm glad you've finally realized the public is angry enough that you can safety take a stand. A true patriot.
independent council investigation needed.
Please put aside party politics and act in the best interests of our country!
Then do something about it. Investigate and remove that traitor from the White House.
We the People demand an independent bipartisan investigation of the Russian ties to this administration. Get the tax returns!
We the people demand Hillary's investigation concluded and she be put in jail. Sold Uranium to Russia.
so where the hell have you and your cronies been on this?  If it was Clinton we'd have 10 investigations going on!! GOP joke!
finally we agree on something again!!! We each knew a broken  right once a day, right?? So you DO still have a soul!!
What about Sessions?  We need an independent investigation.  We deserve and are owed that!  @SteveKingIA @SenJoniErnst
Cut taxes and R&R Obamacare first.
thank you
what are you doing about this?
Intelligence community in riot, got all of you blackmailed. Hostages to a handful of intelligence terrorists.
 More of this please.
please make it bipartisan...critical to satisfy the American public. If DJT doesn't have anything to hide, he should be glad!
THANK YOU for protecting our country's democracy!
We may not agree on much but thank you sir for putting country safety over party. That is called being a patriot
What was Obama going to be more flexible with Putin about before the 2012 election? Did Putin help him win?
If Russians ever meddled in an American election, it would have been one to elect Obama. Weak Obama fostered Russia's rise
but go on to say messing with elections kind os slick but I caught this one like a pop fly to center
not only the election don't forget to include flynn pence trump and sanctions discussion.  You mention flynn is troubling
Do. Something. About. It! This needs a full investigation, wherever the evidence takes you.
Thank you sir for putting country over party. More Republicans need to follow your lead.
Finally. thank you! Leaks are from whistle blowers~you used to protect those who spoke truth to power. Remember?
DO SOMETHING.  Independent Investigation to find out real truth.  No Sessions.
so explain to me why you think mentally ill people should have a firearm
: "I'm OK w Flynn committing treason but these leaks are "troubling" ". Jesus, Chuck,
indépendant investigation. Recluse Sessions. Glad you support whistle blowers. Country before party. Insane times!!!
a healthy curiosity seems to be a rarity these days
The ILLEGAL leaks of classified info are FRIGHTENING ! STOP the leaks!! @FBI @CIA @DNI
welcome to last year chuck
Sen.: Thank you for requesting FBI to brief on info re: Flynn/Russian connection. I sincerely hope you stay on this. @ChuckGrassley
Finally occurred to you that you'd better CYA.
but it was ok when your candidate told them to keep digging for Hillary's emails? You backed this hot mess. We'll remember.
It's not just Flynn! Whole WH transition team corrupt and implicated. Get his taxes. Independ Invest committ! DO SOMETHING!
And you were SO proud of your inaug. pic w/ Russian diplomat! Feeling some heat now? Leakers are whistleblowers! Thx them!
We're into  it now! Not my choice, but we need to embrace #46 Mike Pence. A human being, atleast!
Hope you follow thru Senator. This Russia stuff is pretty disturbing!
any investigation that's not independent bipartisan like the 911 ones are unacceptable
but it's OK for the Saudis, UAE, China,.....
then investigate, cause so far you aren't doing shit about it, get on the floor and say it for Americans to hear
Finally!
Thank u. Voters feel frustrated.
release the transcripts!
please investigate all of it, including trump. You know he's involved.
an independent commission will be the only way to get the truth about Russia's interference
thank you for representing the people's concerns and not just the GOP
so when is congress going to INVESTIGATE?
Thank you, sir.
It's ur responsibility to investigate this president & his role with the Russians & Putin! Our national security is at risk!!
We cannot trust our highest gov offices to do this investigation.  It has to be an independent investigation
thank you. Yes, please Senator! This is the biggest threat to America out there.
Thank you!
@taiping2 well where have you been?
please do your job and investigate! You work for American people not Republican Party!
perhaps you should say this a little louder so your colleagues Chaffetz and Ryan hear it. #InvestigationNOW
@GOP will NEVER let this happen!!!  COWARDS!!!!!!
thank you! Please push for an independent investigation. Thanks for being a patriot.
thank you Sir for putting #America before party!!! wished other @GOP @SenateGOP would show some spine & #StandUpToTrump
Select committee essential. You've been dragging your feet too long!
Don't just Tweet about it. DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!
First time I've ever agreed with Chuck Grassley!
@thegarance lets not screw up the next election. Fix this congress
You don't give a damn about this at all. Stop pretending that you do.
whoever handles Sen Grassley's twitter handle, please tell him thank you from the American People.
remove Sessions and Comey from the investigations!
thank you for being a Patriot 
Any contact from @realDonaldTrump campaign with the Russians IC is also UNACCEPTABLE and CRIMINAL! #RussianHacking.
Check the tax records!
Trump didn't record his meeting w Putin. U voted Flynn in. You're now an accomplice to 'unacceptable meddling' or treason, bagman.
Thank you for speaking out. We need an independent investigation, and Sessions recusing himself, to get to bottom of this.
PLEASE continue push for the investigation.  The American people are counting on you.  Stand up to tyranny!
thank you for standing up for our country
Well you're late to the party, but grab a drink, sit down & let's see who told the biggest lies. My bet is @realDonaldTrump
Are you one of the Republicans with a heart?
do you mind asking @RepMoBrooks why he thinks this kind of meddling is just fine and dandy?
yes but let's be clear intel leaks that could expose treason at the highest levels is patriotic! Truth to power is critical!
Traitor! People were shot for this
Thank you!  More in the @GOP should be standing strong on this issue. #CountryOverParty @ChuckGrassley
Please break from your party and become a hero in our history books - or you can be a villainous footnote
It is a start, Senator.
Can we investigate ensure the investigation includes Obama and the 2008 election?
Do something about it. Your constituents expect you to do something.
where have you been Chuckles????  We've been saying this for months.
I hope you also have a problem with the spying on a citizen! That is the bigger problem!
ur 36 yr senate vet and the head of Judiciary, start getting ppl investigating. UNACCEPTABLE! #DoYourJob
Glad to hear you say this - Help Congress follow through!
US influence in post war elections does not excuse Russia undermining our Democracy. Independent commission & sp prosecutor.
Is that why you try to minimalize Russian involvement in 2016 by citing CIA work in Italy in 1948? You sound like Trump.
.@ChuckGrassley What actions will be taken outside the Twitter-verse?
you voted for this! #YourPresidentTrump
any @POTUS covering up said meddling is worse. Demand independent investigation
Thank you. However, Congress intel comms insufficient. Need independent investigation with Sessions recusal.
how odd you didn't think that BEFORE the election. How power hungry are you that your country and constituents come 2nd/3rd
.@ChuckGrassley Welcome to 2016, Chuck.
Duh.
Will be interesting to see how "meddling" gets defined.
we need an independent investigation! Independent!
Troubling about your cabinet votes! Get rid of labor pick.  Save some of your pride and credibility
a bit late on the uptake. Quit having interns tweet for you
Thank you, Sen. Whether or not US meddled in elections during the Cold War has no bearing on campaigns' consorting with RUS.
Wow. Finally caught on, eh?
@underthematrix Assume political career dead.
The electorate does not trust you dispicable 30 plus year protect my seat Senators -- we are through listening to you
whoa the VC is back?
OK Chuck Dummy put your glasses on we need "INDEPENDANT INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE" NOT you foxes in the hen house investgation
Less tweeting more doing. Get to work and start some constitutionally mandated checks and balances. #3branchesofgovernment
@bettifly Seeing as you've been the chair of the Judiciary comm for 2 yrs, your demand for justice is a day late/dollar short
Do something!
I think u know there is .. do the right thing here GOP just wanting 2 rule n overlook what's in front of you wrk 4 plp nt pty
How about independent commission to investigate?
I'm more concerned about the likely treason than the leaks exposing it.  You should be too. #DoYourJob
We need an independent counsel bc some sitting senators (7) & some House members (22) r implicated in Russian coup.
there's troubling Qs on nearly every cabinet nom but U choose party over the people!
Any group of citizens who plot to interfere in an election with Russia is unacceptable but it is also Treason
Yes, please keep pushing for independent investigation of Trump admin ties to Russia, including testimony from Flynn! Thank u
"senator* @ChuckGrassley IMMEDIATELY SUBPOENA @MalcolmNance DEMAND EXPLANATION!!! #MAGA #BenedictDonald
thank you Senator, this is what Iowans want!
Words from #GOP=Shifty.Better yet, for the LOVE of Country, get an Independent Prosecutor. That will Make Most Happy.
Agreed! Then we can count on your full support in investigating? When will you be issuing subpoenas?
INDEPENDENT Investigation! You must insist upon it. INDEPENDENT Investigation, not congressional.
Sir. Again. Try getting rest of your party to investigate. No worries. I'll wait right here. But that Russian spy boat...
don't forget FBI improprieties along with the rest. What a mess your GOP has made! By the way - Iowans do not want his wall.
Thank you Senator.  please hold hearings to ensure AG doesn't cover up - and support an independent investigation immediately
It's not about the leaks, Chuck. It's about the treasonous conduct leaks disclosed.
What are you going to do about it? #grassley #DoYourJob
OK. Now..Do you think the #leaks are fine??! Regardless of GenFlynn THERE IS A MOLE IN THE Whitehouse!!! @realDonaldTrump
Wondering if it took you THIS long to finally come to that conclusion?  Now...how about an INDEPENDENT commission?
@KatherineBScott Chas,    your tweet would be more understandable if you (or your younger aid) would please use punctuation.
thank you for recognizing this
@lulu_lemew If only he'd been as reasonable about giving Merrick Garland a freakin vote.
How about an independent investigation??
.@ChuckGrassley Oh please! Americans understand the game being played. Glad to know where you stand. @POTUS @2kschumacher
actions speak louder than words!
Demand the tax returns. Thank you for finally saying something on this.
Thank you, Senator! I am your constituent and investigating the Russian connection should be your highest priority now.
Where have you been the last 6 months?
"Russian 'hacking' bad; Intelligence unauthorized release good."
11 Senators, so far, have asked for special counsel to investigate. I don’t see your name on the list…
And you're just saying this NOW?
and what happens if they can prove meddling and prove any collusion from team trump.
Thank you - but stop calling them "leaks". They're "whistleblowers". "Intel professionals"
don't just tweet about it. Actually stand up and say so when asked!!
Trump knew this was happening. Reminder: you represent Americans not Republicans.
Should be investigating illegal leaks of classified info.
just think of all scandals around Trump. Put Iowans & Americans first before the Republican Party
Nothing but a concerted effort to overthrow this administration.
.@ChuckGrassley oh you think so now? You are feckless. Step down.
can we also investigate what our Senators knew before the election?
.@refundpolicy @ChuckGrassley that's a great idea. Did Chuck see the same reports that McCain saw?
this is a question that needs to be answered, if Iowans are expected to believe in democratic elections
is spying on Americans acceptable to you sir?
Sorry, we're way past that now.  The public demands transparency!
we need full investigation by independent committee and Trump tax returns MUST be released!
youre not gonna want the answers
(illegal) leaks from D's *and RINOS
you gonna call for prison for R leakiers ?
no you wont
@realDonaldTrump's taxes could answer some of those troubling questions, @ChuckGrassley these @WaysandMeansGOP members voted 2 withhold them
leaks keep u bums almost honest. Shape up and do ur jobs. U should be fighting tooth and nail to protect the US Constitution.
Don't be fooled.  Rs want inquiries to go through intel cmtes to have closed-door hearings and control access to info.
Thank you for this statement. Amazing that this was first written about in Newsweek before the election. Cc: @kurteichenwald
Cool, so will you admit that Trump Admin's involvement with Russia is also unacceptable and should be investigated?
