#MerrickGarland
 Is a dirty Dem! He blew off the CIA whistleblower agent who has proof of Obama's spying & cheating to win 2008 election!
Because..... you are stealing a seat? How difficult for you #MerickGarland
If ever there was a pot calling the kettle black - this is it.
ok, Merrick Garland ring a bell???
Who do you think you're tweeting this garbage to? People remember your refusal against Garland. Did you forget?
gorsuch isn't a good man his record is horrendous with respect to anything human & decent. You shouldn't be this nomination, hypocrite.
Thank you for all the work you and the @senjudiciary have done to show us that Gorsuch is the right man for the job!!
I'm getting tired of senile old white men that vote for their comfort instead of US. Go away old man.
Ever heard of a guy named Garland?
Gorsuch would be a reasonable choice, but so was Garland. Unfair treatment unfortunately elicits further opposition.
sounds like your a hypocrite, you wouldn't allow a vote on merrick garland im ashamed you claim to represent iow
I don't how one Judge could stab another judge in the back so deep in broad daylight with no shame. The rest of the justice should look out.
You provided him with good reason by not holding hearing on Garland. Suspect you know that.
Merrick Garland is also a good man.
Then GOP must go nuclear!!
requires 51 votes to change the rules. Good luck with that 
He's gonna get confirmed 
Did I say he wouldn't? I said they wouldn't have the votes to go nuclear if the dems filibuster. Please read. 
this is Sick and Disrespectful.
get er done, sir!
Ignore the haters, America deserves a #SCOTUS w/9 members now!
As an Iowan, I'm well aware of your hypocrisy regarding the Supreme Court nominee. We will remember at midterms. #iowa
Y didn't U stand W Obama last yr?
.@ChuckGrassley I say again, you stonewalled prev President's (lawful) nomination for a year. So go ahead and get comfy in that bed you made
this is coming from the man who refused to have hearings for Garland for a year to make sure your guy got in!! Chuck your an embarrassment!
Garland???? You hypocritical ass.
Maybe he will try to hold his breath until he turns blue to try and get his way - lol
it is not Gorsuch turn. He skipped in line.
Nomination must be put on hold until a special prosecutor concludes w/independent investigation-no Trump collusion w/Russia.
let's make sure Trump is our legitimate president with Russian investigation before you vote on Gorsuch
Gorsuch is a sociopathic corporate tool who would let a trucker freeze to death... and will support Citizens United. Unfit!!
good men respect women's right. Gorsuch is a sexist dinosaur
You are small petty little man, you acted like a child w/holding #Garland & now can't help but crow w/delight over #Gorsuch
what do you expect? You ARE the OPPOSITION PARTY who vowed to block everything 44 did. To say play fair now is absurd.
too bad for you he knows a good JUDGE when he sees one
here's a reason: the Judge's reasoning is flawed
as a UNI alum myself could you please stop telling people you are panther proud. You are an embarrassment to my university
WHY are they doing this? What happened to country over Party? But then GOP is guilty of same practice. 
No. Gorsuch supports money and corporations over people. Simple.
what was your good reason to not even vote on Judge Garland? I like you Rep Grassley, but come on.
do the right thing chuck, hold until investigation is complete
how would #Gorsuch rule on stolen property? Would he take #MerrickGarland's stolen seat? #GOPshame @GOP
Don't you have to own something before it can be stolen from you?
Garland.
I thought the new precedent was no appointments during a president's last year in office?
at least he's getting a fricking vote. Your douchery is ire-comprehensible.
Thank you Chuck! Thank you Dems! Stolen seats from Garland.
you broke the system by cheating the last candidate. Now you complain.  You can't have it both ways.
at least this guy gets a vote
#MerrickGarland
IT IS YOU who are irrelevant. YOU NO lo get rep. the people of Iowa. SAY NO TO GORSUCH! #RejectGorsuch
, we here in Iowa will remember your refusal to do your duty (or frankly anything) under Obama. Don't let the door hit you...
, a "good man"? For who? And speaking of good men for SCOTUS, you and yours refused to do your jobs when Garland was up.
What happened to you? You used to have scruples and Iowa values. Now you're just an old pawn.
You always got a Nay Vote from Me Chucky!
I even Voted against you in a Primary once!  But you have the people Fooled!
There is No Good Reason You are still in Office!
You would Not even give Obama's Pick a Hearing so Shut the F Up!
Is it anything like that time your party refused to hold hearings for Garland for purely political reasons? #Hypocrite
Ur A Coward!! Last Term!!
Wow, such a folksy, honest guy. But wait, didn't you knife the Garland nomination? Was he not qualified?
To be fair, he doesn't have the option to deny him a vote altogether like you did Merrick Garland. Save your faux outrage.
I mean his positions on a lot of new case law are pretty disturbing and his interpretation of religious liberty is tereifying
hypocrite.
Merrick Garland. We called and wrote and emailed you telling you we wanted a hearing for Garland. And you refused. Karma.
like so many other people, the only thing that matters to you is "winning", and not how you get there. You're a disgrace.
@adviceforbernie You blocked Garland for a year and used Russia to stuff the court. You will be defeated at the polls!
You have stolen a SCOTUS seat from Obama & given it to a cold-heart bastard. I lay his decisions at YOUR feet.
he is not my president and Gorsuch will not be my justice.
Did the Koch brothers bribe you to vote for Gorsuch?
It wouldn't be difficult. @SenFranken gave us sufficient evidence to doubt his judgment.
your idea of good is pretty messed up.

you should be demanding that we wait until we have a #POTUS chosen by a majority of the people
It's a stolen seat.  You put politics over Constitution.  About time Dems play by your rules.
That's what you did all last year. You are just getting your own playbook turned back on you. #hypocrisy
oh please. Just stop. At least they had hearings...Last year some twit failed to do his job...Wait, that was you
Bad judgement is #1 problem for a lifetime position. He must be perfect. Gorsuch is far from it. #garland
@ToscaAusten please unite party lines and cross party lines. Do not listen to Schumer he is a loser
a good reason is that Gorsuch has bad judgment. Supreme Court unanimously disagreed with him yesterday!
At least a filibuster is taking action - rather than refusing hearing of Obama nominee and act as puppet for Mitch McConnell
are you really my senator
why don't stick to the silence you used when we demanded a hearing for Garland it suits you better than this hypocrisy!
That, or maybe it's a stolen nomination, you thief.
what was Gorsuch answer on Roe v Wade?
not sure how you whine about this with a straight face.
maybe you should have considered Garland. Fake president doesn't get to nominate.
Gorsuch loves rich people and hates poor people, fits right into your agenda
kind of like when you didn't want a vote on garland
maybe he's following the example modeled by the GOP last year? C'mon Chuck, be a leader, quit the BS.
c'mon Chuckie.... Get real.
you're the reason we don't have a full SCOTUS
he is right! The pick of a POTUS under investigation should not be considered at this time!!
No, he's obstructing the nomination of an illegitimate President under investigation by the FBI. #Countryb4Party
no confirmations until #Trumprussia is fully investigated.
is there anything you don't make into a party vote?  The man isn't right for the job, regardless of who put him up #Garland
because paybacks are a beotch.  Doesn't feel so good when the shoe is on the other foot, does it big boy?
this is the epitome of hypocrisy. Garland!! Shame on you.
Gorsuch is a scum. He testified Roe and Obergefell are "settled law."
Merrick Garland was a good man.
how is it difficult to vote against a lifetime appt for someone picked by a traitor?
Was there a good reason to block our elected (pop vote even) president from getting a hearing for his pick for OVER A YEAR
Mar-A-Largojumpoffacliff
have you no shame Senator?
The Trump administration is under a cloud of treason. Any patriot would block the nomination.
But today you and your name stand for pure partisanship. Party over state and country. Power over the people. Madness.
I grew up in our great state believing in understandable differences of opinion and the ability to work together across them
Honestly, what has Iowa and the country come to that you have descended so fully into partisan hackery?
Wouldn't you want to end your career-when our country needed you the most; in crisis, you stood for the USA not a con-artist?
you really dumped on your legacy. Embarrassing
merrick garland.
Sen, you unethically blocked a President's right to appoint a new member of SCOTUS. Shame on you then and shame on you now.
So we are letting a Russian agent fill Supreme Court seats? I don't think that is going to work out for you.
Hey, I am trying to remember your vote for Merrick Garland, a great SC justice candidate. #gorsuch
remember Garland? This is a stolen seat and you were part of that theft.
Yeah Merrick Garland was a good qualified man too, and yet.
you wouldn't know since Merrill Garland never even got a vote.
ignore the whiners qualified Judge he must be look at the reactions.
. You are the king of denial. YOU started this by ignoring your constitutional duties a year ago. #stolenseat #ashamedofyou
- Remember when you had scruples and respectability?  No?  Me neither.  Merrick Garland!
STF! You of all people shouldn't say that. Since Trump is on his last year as POtUs, he can't replace a SCOTUS judge.
Is this a joke? Your treatment of Garland wasn't acceptable. Also, Gorsuch is a smarmy, biased charlatan.
Is that why you refused Garland a hearing?  Too difficult to vote against a good man?  Your hypocrisy is astounding! #Resist
I used to believe you were a good man. I was wrong.
I disagree. Gorsuch did not persuade me that can overcome the racism and sexism that is inherent in the Constitution.
you mean like the vote a different good man didn't even get the chance at?!
No votes in the last year of a presidency.
Merrick Garland is a good man Senator and you and your party wouldn't even meet him let alone hold a hearing.
When you get rid of the Russian asset in the White House, then get back to us.
NOPE!  Are you really going to aid and abet this treasonous cabal?
Another absurd remark. Let's get busy on the "whole" Russia thing. Danger. The Supreme court has waited a year so what's???
did he learn that from you, Chuck? Remember Eric Garland?
#hypocrisy
As an Iowan, I'm saddened by your obvious hypocrisy regarding the Supreme Court nominee. We will remember at midterms.
Speaking from experience re Garland?
Go nuclear!
how difficult was it for you to deny Garland his seat?
was it difficult for you to deny Garland, a good man, his hearing? #filibuster #GOP
TERM LIMITS!
it's almost like he's advocating a purely political move on an up down vote for the nominee.
But you'd happily support a Russian supported president.
Kind of like not giving Garland a fair shot?  #karma #hypocrisy
The Iowan electorate has changed. We are very informed and we are ticked. You broke the confirmation process. #disgrace
Why did you refuse to allow a vote on Garland? How can Americans take you seriously after you abdicated your duty?
Merrick Garland.
I fully support @SenSchumer! Thank you Senator Schumer 
.@ChuckGrassley I love you Senator but #MerrickGarland was not deserving of getting #DenverBooted #GOPorBust?
U wouldn't even bring Garland up for vote b/c U knew he would be confirmed. Don't U dare pretend like U have moral standing
GOP HYPOCRITES!  It's a stolen seat!!!!! SHAME ON YOU!!  WE ARE WATCHING #trumprussia #GarlandNotGorsuch #TheResistance 
I used to believe YOU were a good man, but I'm not going to find it hard to vote against you (or your progeny.)
Are you talking bou the guy whose Special Ed ruling screwed student & fam & was overruled by unanimous SCOTUS?
Why did you vote to sell out Americans' privacy & online data today?
Putin orders sorry maam
Gorsuch has been nominated by a president being investigated by the FBI for colluding w/Russia. SCOTUS will be untrustworthy
Sir, the reason is that the president is under FBI investigation for collusion. Do Not put party over country!
The last guy nominated was a goodguy, it didn't stop you from doing nothing for pyck
@senjudiciary  illegitimate
so what was your reason for being so shitty to Garland?
you should've confirmed Garland and waited your turn.
M. Garland remember him?
That why you didn't do your job & meet with Garland, Chuck? Because you knew a vote against a good man would be difficult?
you mean like Merrick Garland?
the good man who thinks women manipulate employers with pregnancy to get time off? You need to wake the F up.
bullshit chuck
#MerrickGarland should have gotten a vote you hypocrite
Go Nuclear!
is that why you refused a hearing on Garland? Tough to vote no on a good/qualified man?
The Dems are strong enough to fillibuster Gorsuch. NO MORE TRUMP #impeachtrump #trumprussia #russiagate
#MerrickGarland
as someone who has grown up in Iowa I had respect for you before the Garland hearing. How dare you criticize the dems
for doing the same you did but at least it would take more than one of them...
says the guy who supported preventing Garland from getting a vote. I suppose you would know!
’s twitter account has either been hacked by The Onion or he is a HUGE hypocrite.
STOP CODDLING THE RECALCITRANT DEMS. LISTEN TO WE THE PEOPLE AND USE NUCLEAR OPTION. SHUT THEM DOWN NOW, BETTER THAN LATER!
what's a filibuster compared to ignoring valid hearings? With all due respect you have no supportable position w/ Schumer.
he also knows how despicable you are for denying a good man a hearing and a vote. #GarlandNotGorsuch
what kind of man would you call #MerrickGarland?
HYPOCRITE!!!
Garland is a good man and the legitmate nominee.  Sen. Grassley you can never rationalize this shameful moment in US history.
#Hypocrite Garland is a very good man. You failed to hold hearings. You DESERVE whatever happens to Trump's Nominee! @JoeNBC
You mean like Merrick Garland?
acting like there was no theft of the seat from Obama is the worst part of Republican politics, wait it's the $ corruption
I'm not so sure you do twitter to good
You mean a good man like Merrick Garland that you wouldn't even give a hearing to you partisan hack?
