the republicans are a joke of a party. Useless!
I agree with you 100 percent Republicans are a joke of a party the only they they good at is lies
@leonardkl We followed your link to nowhere- do you actually know what you're doing ?
my attention is on you.  Why sell our private info without our permission?  Do you do anything on behalf of actual Iowans?
NO NO Chuck you don't get it, peoples eyes have been opened Obamacare = ACA they <3 needs some fixing, Dem's will get it done
Fix the ACA. Stop playing politics with Americans healthcare.
repeal? what repeal, you all lied... again
that's a republican for ya lies upon lies. Standing Inna bucket tring to pull self up
not failing? MN working? wow.
Come On Chuck, Obamacare hasn't failed 20 Million Americans.
why don't you work with dems and fix it a make it right.
they don't want to fix it they want there own bill.
No sympathy, Senator. Should have been a slam dunk after 7 yrs. Repeal. Replace. REP unprepared to be successful. Americans will suffer.
Conservative Family Med Doc in rural Iowa had innovative plan to #RepealAndReplace. How can his voice be heard? He voted 4 U!
Americans only want the exact same health insurances offered to you and Congress. That's only fair, right?
Having watched many confirmation hearings this yr, it's clear it's time for old men like you to retire to home states & hush.
anything obummer is a FAIL!!!
what's wrong? Chuckies not in love tonight?
it is called the "affordable care act" and, while not perfect, it was an improvement.
may not been perfect but it was a start.They should fix what's there not trow it out easier to pass that way
Keeping the federal taxpayer on the hook for states that want to maintain the ACA?  No repeal of ACA taxes?  No thanks!
No?
Medicare as a public option for those who need it, esp the underemployed and the unemployed. It's time.
You still don't get it....  Improve ACA or go to single payer.  It's really not hard to understand, is it?
still lying about #ACA for political reasons.  Sad.
I drafted a well thought out national health insurance plan. Can I give it to you? My Reps and Sens are useless!
@CurcioKaren anything that Collins wants worries me
Well, now. I might agree with that, just a little.
maybe the med should be cheaper?
without breaking big pharma's back this is all pointless. We must push them to do it
you may regret following me, I'm a big Trump fan 
@kerpen Um...no I don't want their approach at 'fixing' it either! DONE! #FullRepeal #Obamacare
Check out and give increased attention to connections between Trump/Putin.
Another bad idea, Senator. Why don't you try working honestly with Dems to improve the ACA? Try a little bipartisanship.
Try universal healthcare for once.
Yeah no, ya'll proved you can't legislate out of a paper bag today
Disappointed you didn't vote for the bill.
We don't trust you guys with our health, Chuck.
Assume Bill Dead 

#politicalburnlegwound
Cassidy's plan sucks. States can choose ACA or not. I don't need the losers elected at state level running health insurance.
#MerrickGarland
~ "Failure of Obamacare repeal today will give increased attention to Cassidy/Collins approach . . . ." Ya think?
where do we check it out, and if it's such a great plan why wasn't it used???
it's shit.  It allows states to stay with ACA or not. Bill Cassidy is our idiot politician here in Louisiana
Assume deer dead.
You had 7 yrs to improve ACA but did nothing cuz you hated that a black guy was prez & don't care about poor people.
@daveweigel Hilarious.
@daveweigel I live in Van Buren County. You work for me. You can have my Obamacare when you pry it from my cold, dead hands.
@billpostmus  Throw out Byrd rule now! Repeal aca with a clean bill; put healthcare back to 2007.
Capitalism and free markets have made America the greatest economy in history. Allow competition and trust it.

even more important now that you are "leaders"
oh Chuck, Obamacare does need fixing it's the GOP that's a failure. obstructionists need to learn to work across the aisle
i really enjoy your tweets Chuck @ChuckGrassley
kicking it back to states screw people like me living in deep red crazy TEAxas.  Do not do it!
A mainstream bill is improving ACA. Problem GOP no longer mainstream. EX: lunatic @POTUS in bed with Russia with ^ conflicts of interest.
NO
@daveweigel More time to find out if President is on Russian payroll.
Just do your job and FIX whatever isn't actually working.

It's time to serve America, not your party.
More fantasizing.
ummmmm NO!
Nope. Single payer option. Healthcare for all.
@daveweigel It is, obviously, not failed. It could use improvement and buy in from states though.
@daveweigel How about you get off the obsession of repealing the bill and just fix it.

@daveweigel Time to confirm Merrick Garland
Yeah, done with you bozos. Tuning all out. 7 yrs! Blew it bigly.
No. It means we build on the ACA, expanding healthcare more
you failed, not Obamacare!
@daveweigel where?
single payer or go home
link?
Louisiana Bill Cassidy... google it.  He's an idiot too.
Single Payer Universal, what Christ wants, best long-term fiscal choice.  You can do it!
this is how the shift to socialism occurs. Rs play nice and noting happens. Ds break rules and get stuff done. no filibuster
wtf are you talking about?  Republicans didn't need any democratic votes and failed because their plan sucked
wrong mindset. It's always the same. Each side refuses to work with each other. Wake up.
the Republicans have refused to work with the Democrats.  That's the story.  They refused on AHCA too.
you are a fool. Lost in a party.
you are a fool, afraid of socialism
get 60 votes. Impossible on anything. You must get rid of filibuster and lead. Talk to McConnell. Dare you to respond.
What about Price-Baldwin? Just double down on Romneycare and give states expanded license to experiment. Federalism works.
going forward, there should be nothing put forward that isn't MORE of an improvement for ALL Americans, not just wealthy.
O'care has not failed. Only GOP partisan wld see more insured as a failure. 
7 years of planning and you gave us...AHCA?
it's falling bc no one paying can afford it
.@ChuckGrassley I vote for Medicare for all. Fund with cap increase and protect from appropriations. @SpeakerRyan @VernBuchanan @HouseGOP
u must b a democrat looking 4 handout. GOP believes in less Govmt
Maybe try a bipartisan bill?
- you are right
Please retire. You are part of the problem, not the solution.
Your words will have greater meaning, sir, once you openly support a bipartisan investigation into the WH's ties to Russia
.@ChuckGrassley honestly this clarifies a lot for me

Why don't you post a link to it.
