Sen. Grassley please use the power of your office, not Twitter, to address these flagrant breaches of national security.
@auvi_lu @ChuckGrassley Yes, we have the right to know! We don't want to hear it via Twitter with 140 words!
..I use tech like Twitter to promote dialogue abt topics like DEMOCRACY TRANSPARENCY SEPARATION OF POWERS @ChuckGrassley ~ @itsWanda
=> Yay?
Frankly @ChuckGrassley, I haven't seen you do that, so I think most people don't believe you have any power...or respect.
You use words, I don't believe you know what they mean..by your actions. Investigate the Putin/Trump corruption. Do your job.
You know even w character limits you can still use proper grammar and complete sentences, right?
@SpeakerRyanHope y'all heard today about the mentally ill man who shot randomly at homes and kids w/his legal gun #shameonyou
Trump in violation of all those things. Investigate his ties to Russia!! @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Thank you. Few GOP in Congress speaking out about foreign & domestic conflicts of interest. We need a full investigation!
.@ChuckGrassley Once you combine that awesome power with proper English, you'll be unstoppable.
keep up the good work, keep fighting the good fight.
Senator, do not let these people overthrow our administration. It is terrible what is going on.
. @ChuckGrassley I tweeted you and received no response. Try again, Senator.
I'll simplify things a bit, but: #transparency + #oversight = #accountability. Congress has a job to do here.
Please also use your position as Judiciary chair to promote separation of powers. Deliberate in the Senate, not on twitter.
And you do both equally well. #showup #listen
I hope you spend some time looking into 45's relationship with Russia. Thanks!
you mean "Since election I tweet a lot and don't care about transparency/ my constituents' desire to see trump's tax returns"
Then answer your constituent's questions. Have meetings in the evening so teachers can attend.
how about using tech to fight the hate and racism you support
Why don't you use it to promote getting #PutinsPuppet out of the whitehouse?
#YouAreAnIdiot #45IsAnIdiot #TimeToTakeOutTheTrash
.@ChuckGrassley not sure @POTUS is hearing you. might want to use ALL CAPS more often.
Senator Grassley is still learn how to yell on the internet.
BLOCKING PROGRESS IN AMERICA BY STEALING SUPREME COURT SEATS.
Russian interference? Flynn?
Twitter is the least you can do. Use your power as a senator please.
You havesubpoenapowerusethatinsteadofjusttwitter
@fangpusskins @ChuckGrassley why didn't  u use  your power to hold Confirmation Hearing for Garland? U chose Party/Country
You are part of the so-called swamp - you would rather get what you want, rather than get truth of Russian ties to Trump
I'm glad you're not my Senator anymore.
Transparency!  Yes, bring it!
How many calls in support of and in opposition of DeVos did you receive?  #DistraughtIowan
you've gone off the deep end... again
@NormEisen   Your account has been hacked.
you should vote with your constituents wishes. Not your wallet
How about transparency regarding the president's ties with Russia and his tax returns? Are you promoting that dialog?
is it working for you? Doubtful since you don't read tweets about you
Chuck you have been tweeting nonsense for years. I guess this proves you have learned to lie on Twitter like Trump.
I'm using it for attention. My rights were violated by @UPS  and Teamsters local 90. One day I'll get justice.
#charactercounts
awesome. how about investigating the breathtaking scale of threats to democracy/transparency/S.O.P in the U.S.?
Do you suppose you could properly use written English at you age?  I know 4th graders that write better than you!
#doyourjob #investigateflynn
how about u use your power as MY SENATOR to investigate Trump regarding Russia Enough already do your job! #investigatetrump
You certainly don't use it to foster dialogue with constituents. You don't even hold meetings across IA.
and DJT used unsecured cell phones to lite (same lite for pictures) North Korean documents in an unsecured public restaurant
I'm so excited for your town halls in Iowa! Can. Not. Wait!
please don't just tweet about these things, DO YOUR JOB! Actions speak louder than words and tweets.
you need to investigate #FlynnGate #ConwayGate Pres Trump using unsecure IPhone & why are we pay $$ for 3rd wkend trip to FL?
Thank you Senator!
That works if we do not ignore oversight. a North Carolina case will bring this nation to ruin regardless of who's in the WH
chuck you cray cray. You're also a fraud and trump bootlicker
Our DEMOCRACY is in jeopardy, TRANSPARENCY is a thing of the past, SEP OF POWERS--ask Stephen Miller!
When will you grow a pair and start answering our questions? Can't wait for a town hall meeting!!
What about the commas? #unimportant
Start with Judicial overreach! This Hawkeye is very disappointed in his Sen. How about Soros influence in judicial system.
The American fascist would prefer not to use violence. His method is to poison the channels of public information- H. Wallace
This is why we lose. Dems "publicly" unite in almost any situation while Republicans squabble & stab each other in the back.
Subpoena Trump.
@emilyrivbaker dont favorite this guys tweets. He single handedly held up Merrick Garlands nom and violated democracy
maybe you could quit fleecing American taxpayers and get a real job instead of head bloviator for the establishment party
cant see any separation of powers considering your branch is doing NADA
then use ur votes in the Senate to prove it.  Your votes to confirm cabinet appointees & silence Sen. Warren r embarrassing
@LoriJeanWood99 Really? I don't see you on tv talking abt this at all..
There are official channels. Send him a respectful letter and make it public if you are trying to force a response.
You, no more than I, have the right to address the President in a confrontational and embarrassingly public manner.
too bad our president uses it to berate his "enemies" and promote his companies
better stop drinking on the weekends if you are going to use twitter
Shame on you. This is not how a real statesman acts or communicates.
Separation of what powers?? It is not in the Constitution!! You better bone up on your reading!
Use your LABORS to serve American citizens - since you & your GOP fellows STOPPED doing your jobs FULLY in 2010 #DoYourJob
@CookieDogRhymes look at this guy - he can pick up a phone, open an app and type. Let's get him on Rushmore!
Senator, I welcome your effort to promote transparency & accountability. The good of the country is bigger than any party.
Why don't you demand Trump's tax returns? Until u treat him like u did Obama, u have no credibility.
why don't you use it to condemn the violence with Democratic Protesters? Transparency is 2 way street, same with civility.
also explain to the "so called" president the Constitution was written for WE THE PEOPLE not for him to be king
@KFILE you have the power to subpoena to seek the transparency you desire. do your job and use it.
then asked the "so called" president to release his tax returns that would be transparent
Basically Twitter is a collection of trolls (me), maniacal moonbats, and attention whores thinking soc. media is real life.
@KFILE potus has not divested himself from his business such that he reaps profits while chief executive.
@KFILE potus is in violation of a federal lease for his washington dc hotel.
@KFILE the head of the nsc is in bed with the russians. potus conducts discussions regarding national security in a resturant
I support this, but please use punctuation and spell out words. It'll make you look way more credible.
@KFILE the ag was confirmed despite documents confirming views on voting rights & race relations that nuked a judgeship
@KFILE  While you enable a fascist... yeah, tell me more.
@KFILE the nominee for omb owes 10k to the irs. the hhs nominee engaged in very questionable stock transactions.
@KFILE good. then hold the executive branch & cabinet nominees accountable: potus has yet to produce tax returns. do your job
I respect that.
Keep your depends on Chuck. Stop undermining and questioning the POTUS. Sit and wait.
@KFILE This doofus has not supported separation of powers and clearly doesn't know how to use "tech like Twitter"
Use the power of your office to check the power of the President.
@KFILE Add voting rights and I'm ready to talk.
If you had paid attention BEFORE THE ELECTION, you could have written a novel on those very topics.
You could be a hero, Chuck. U cld save us all. You wouldn't  have to start tweets w/: To whoever reads...btw, it's WHOMEVER.
@KFILE Assume Democracy dead
@KFILE - Yeah, having discussions about nuking N. Korea in a crowded restaurant is fucking transparent, you twit.
And blowing off  town hall meetings where you might have to answer for your votes!
Right now, I think you should direct 90% of your energy towards SEPARATION OF POWERS.
I've seen the one sided conversation on DeVos.Your constituents sound unhappy. $20,000 in your pocket, poor schools for them.
This could be almost as much fun as Hillary and a server...
what does that have to do with the price of eggs in china?
@KFILE How about do your job and investigate DT Russian ties and vote fraud business conflicts! @Lawrence
Since I elect I use tech like Twitter to talk like someone WHO NOT SPEAKED ENGLISH no use punctuation neither. Sad
I live in Des Moines and can help you with Twitter. I will even do it for free. And I'm a democrat!
This 100% baloney unless you hold Trump to his promises to show taxes. Be a patriot, Senator. Subpoena him.
Contrast with before elect when you used votes, holds, investigations. Wonder WHAT CHANGED.
it is only a "dialogue" if you involve yourself in the discussion that follows your statement, Senator Grandaddy.
Can't wait for you to get started.  When were you planning on doing any of those things?
As well as to promote your right wing agenda, lie, cheat and not do your job.
@KFILE You need to find your patriotism
You're an American BEFORE you're a Republican 
Who are  you,  really?
please use your inside voice.
Get some of these officials up on the Hill under oath.  That would be doing your damn job Senator!
You need to pick up the telephone and not broadcast to the world
chuck, I'd firmly suggest not following trump's lead with twitter. Go, use your power, you're elected!
Well, nothing like that is going on in the Trump White House so now what?
#WOW #ENGAGING PAGING @ALLCAPSBRO
no you don't.The political tweets are new. Normally they're about UNI games or complaints about no history on history channel
You're actually usually pretty incoherent on Twitter and I'm never sure what you're talking about or advocating for.
Yet you don't seem to understand your job in that triad.
Good for you!!!
All empty rhetoric without action, Chuck.  Do the right thing. Don't just have "dialogue" about it.
sir, dialogue might entail 2 way communications?
are you actully doing something about it?
how about national security? Help us Chuck!
You have no idea what any of those words mean forget about you practical use of them
@Bro_Pair assume separation of powers dead
it's time to go to the White House! Like they did with Nixon ! Tell him it's time to go!
Do know how to read replies, Chuck? Constituents also using Twitter to reach out to your seemingly deaf ears and blind eyes.
@Bro_Pair you are bad at what you do.
how about not conducting national security mtgs on NKorea in front of photo-taking guests at Mar-a-Lago!! SPEAK UP!!!
@Bro_Pair 
DAIRY QUEEN
for
YOU KNOW WHAT
Don't be fooled by this. Fake outrage. Chuck is 100% behind Trump. Not one vote against him.
transparency.. great. Come to Polk County.. lots to talk about #DeVosvote #MerrickGarland
Yes and Cedar Rapids and Iowa City want to talk to you too. I suggest Carver-Hawkeye Arena. #climate
@Bro_Pair There are no real statesmen in politics anymore. Grassley could have been but just too much of a party-first guy.
Why not just subpoena people? Like the prez who discussed classified matters in the middle of his resort restaurant?
.@ChuckGrassley If you're interested in those things, maybe you should dislodge yourself from Trump's ass and show us his tax returns.
.@ChuckGrassley n
woke chuck grassley
And to think my district voted for you. Shame.
Twitter isn't going to accomplish a damn thing. You want answers or progress, USE THE POWER OF YOUR OFFICE.
Cuz Trump won't take your calls?
#flynn #devos #sessions @ChuckGrassley
(No) thanks for the E-mail mansplaining your support of DeVos. Please start representing Iowa. No value in bowing to Trump.
dialogue is a weak response. #divestdonald #TaxReturns #russianhacking #noBannon
what
??? What the heck are you talking about
like when judiary gives the president Supreme Court pick a hearing?
What is your stance on Trump's Russian ties?
all things you've recently been criticized for yourself. Come on Chuck.
go get 'em Chuck. and remind other Republicans in Congress: #doyourjob !!!
not doing  a very good job Chuck you need to start doing your job .. you are now a part of this joke of a President
You, Sir, have become an embarrassment to a majority of Iowan's. You believe kissing up to Trump is doing your job? Think!!
Thank you. Those are some very important ISSUES TO TALK ABOUT.
Sir, great to see you tweet out, but do you actually pay attention to replies? Or are they like voicemails and ignored?
really?  Get off twitter and start investigating all of the shit this admin is doing.
@realDonaldTrump The senator is trying to get your attention.. think you could throw him a bone?
Sir, can you please speak to transparency with relation to Russian involvement with Trump/Flynn? Nat'nl security is at stake!
who's a good boy
Maybe brief Prez on why you shouldn't have top secret security briefings in the middle of a crowded country club dining room!
needs to buy some dollies so he can communicate more effectively with POTUS
And you know what happening behind Dairy Queen.
after years of crying wolf about Obama nobody believes you any more
So do we the voters.
Do this mean that you are speaking out about Trump calling the judicial branch "broken" and using "so-called judges"?
all the communication with your constituents in 140 characters or less  about as much depth as the GOP can handle
Your posts are truly adorable. It's like when my gran first got on Facebook 
that's funny.Where was the dialogue 4 Garlands nomination? That's right u didn't #DoYourJob & said FU to "democracy" #LiesRus
And SCOTUS obstruction #grassley
telling us the score at some sporting event is not being transparent. That my kind sir is being daft.
You prob save millions in communications reform!
Senator, would you please speak with our President about using his twitter in a similar manner?
soooo... how about being transparent and show us the constituent tally for yes/no regarding @BetsyDeVos
To whoever runs Grassley Twitter account, please tell Chuck that he sounds like a babbling idiot. #YoureMySenatorToo
Yes please! If you care about national security, you will make Flinn and the situation room your priorities.
Wonderful, sir.
Senator, would you please stop , saying, we are a Democracy! We were founded, as a Constitutional Republic!
you mean WH won't talk yo you directly @JoyAnnReid @Lawrence
Sick burn. 
