Meanwhile the only thing that you accomplished is this tweet...
Waiting for Trump to bad mouth you soon, too! I cannot believe the toadying GOP. "Please, Sir. Can I have another?"
Can we start with ending bigotry in the White House by impeaching trump , please?
No. I think his doing a great job
I am afraid that by any measurable standard his presidency is an historical failure. Also you misspelled he's
So what about my misspelling. At least you read it
Release the transcripts. You are supporting a traitor.
How can the biggest Bigot Trump,A Birther himself end bigotry when he is one????
So we just pick and choose which speeches to ignore? Oh please.
Um, no he didn't.  You might not have been listening.  He actually said nothing.  Just hot air and lips moving.
The Intelligence Committee has had access to Clinton's deleted emails for some time now, so why is this being kept from the public?
Can you explain the strategy you claim he laid out?
eliminating those that would wish US harm, destroying their "safespaces" placing friendly leaders in their place.
And then last night pardoned a man guilty of profiling and contempt of court. Seems legit @ChuckGrassley

My wife & I are Republicans for 41 years. Disgusted with Congress! GOP support our President!
And you swallowed that hogwash, hook, line, and sinker, didn't you?
My delight at having one of the GOP pervert in chief's nazis fired does not match my disgust that he was appointed in the first place.
Chuck, did we watch the same thing? Do you know English? Giant non-specific Nothingburger. Stop pandering.
Nah he's too busy celebrating his anniversary and letting us know where he ate 100 yrs ago.

I saw these & he is delusional & this Iowan has absolutely no TRUST for THAT VILE man-be careful 45 doesn't turn on you!
And the Alt-Left Media at 6:30 PM Nationwide distorts the message and abuses the public with omissions, half truths, and lies.
Ending bigotry??? Did you listen to the speech?
Please remember, Chuck, put country over party.
@realDonaldTrump cares not for the country #StopTheMadness
But those hate groups have "good people". Republican hate, plain and simple.
Wow I am a republican and I'm not a hater, please don't put me in the basket.
The left never has solutions or ideas. It's always bitch, whine and demonize. Move to Venezuela. They're always looking for new Socialists!
Can you please explain any of the "plan" he laid out for Afghanistan? 

-Thanks, concerned Iowan
Unlike the previous potus he'll let the generals do their job

Both of which were lies!
Exactly. How can someone become so diametrically opposed to everything the promised to get elected. Why don't you guys send your kids!
My sons won't be fighting for the bigot!
You speak out now where were you when he made the horrible news conference on Charlottesville. GOP do nonthing cause all you want is tax cut
Now you see he is scary mentally ill?!
So, DT is going to send our troops into Afghanistan and pillage their resources.  More mothers, fathers, sons and daughters will die for $$
How about we put Eric on the front line?
He's our POTUS now
Yours, maybe. He sure as HELL ain't mine!
He has a rally in Phoenix, Arizona tomorrow night and I'm sure we'll see #DontheCon off script and racist as ever! He's Jekyll and Hyde
Amazingly accurate prediction
He read off a TelePrompTer.  When he speaks spontaneously, he speaks his truth. Seriously, dude....
Sorry senator.  He read a prepared speech last night compared to his off the cuff Presser where we all saw the real Racist Trump
So Chuck, do you think you're just wrong and unpopular on twitter or do the majority of Iowans think u & potus are incompetent & ignorant?
Yes I liked it the first time in November 2009
You forgot to mention last week's statement about mass execution of Muslims with bullets dipped in pig's blood. Will go over well in Pkstn.
Why do you support this??! #Censure #CensureTrump
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
#CensureTrump #Censure
It's the unspecified number of troops being put in harm's way for an unspecified objective who are stepping up to the plate, big time https://twitter.com/foxnews/status/899831073642774528 …
He read them off a TelePrompter. Finally. But we all know what's really in his heart. Keep him reigned in Chuck. We're depending on you.
To bad he doesn't practice what he preaches. Neither do you because you are a #TRUMPMONKEY
We will not forget you did not denounce this bigoted, tiny, little man. If you stand by this bigot, you are a bigot #TrumpResign #TrumpLies
1. Same old rhetoric. 2. A good 1st step is ending the bigoted Trump as president. Trump =bigot! No tolerance for bigots. #Fencesitter
All fake gop news    you couldnt fix health care when you had 7 years to work on it
He's a damn liar and you are enabling him. You ok with his spending on his travel or U just against a Democrat doing that? Conservative?
Can you elaborate more on the bigotry in the USA?  Cause it seems to be mostly Democrat concocted weaponization of opinion vs real bigotry.
Senator Death Panels: Trump is as racist as that clown Steve King.
Yes he was able to read a teleprompter at a 7th grade level without inciting a nuclear incident. You couldn't set the bar any lower
Too little, too late
 He is a racist, bigot, homophobe, misogynist, and you know it.
He needs to just quit already. Ending white supremacy?  Hahahahaha... He is a white supremacist
You don't just "call" to end bigotry. You live & breathe it.That's why nobody believes you, GOP or esp. Trump.Empty lines from empty people
Are you going to help raine in the democrats and Obama & Hillary. We know damn well they are undermining him and the @gop has NOT helped him
Hope you read this comments, Senator. We aren't buying the "new and improved," "now withless racism" Trump.
Sorry Chuck, the speech was DOA. Still waiting on tax cuts, infrastructure, HC, etc. No domestic agenda in sight and corruption reigns.
Ironic, considering he ignited bigotry just 6 days ago.
He could actually help that along by getting rid of white house bigots and refunding investigations into white supremacy organizations.
What exactly was that strategy?!?!
Let it continue forever so we can end up bankrupted like USSR or leave with our tail between our legs like Vietnam.
"Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt."
Sun Tzu, The Art of War
@beachgal4trump one of the last honest men In Government! Thanks @ChuckGrassley for standing up for truth in government!
Another @BarackObama screw the taxpayer with crooked democrats steal from taxpayer
If you want Iowans to believe you've scurried out from the bed you made w/ DJT, do something like voting for bill to end mass incarceration
Or revoking unlimited war powers granted in aftermath of 9/11 so congress performs its oversight duty to vote on war. So many options!
How about YOU start "ending bigotry" by renewing Voting Rights Act? Scheduling a hearing in judiciary comm. on white supremacist terrorism?
Sounds like you're ok w/ that Nazi apologist leaving Iowans in/sending more Iowans to Afghanistan when the objectives can't be reached.
Proud of my President & love our Military that fight 2 keep our Republic Safe. My President has never been a racist. CABAL needs exposure
What is the strategy? I didn't hear one, you did?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/wonk/wp/2017/08/21/treasury-secretarys-wife-boasts-of-travel-on-government-plane-touts-hermes-and-valentino-fashion/ …
The "ending bigotry" part was good but the other wasn't. Without Congress acting we're still throwing lives & tax $ into senseless jeopardy
Glad you saw that! Would you mind sharing that with your fellow Repubs who do nothing but tear down this man
He showed he can read off a teleprompter; we're lucky he didn't stray into his own thought processes.
He did?
He's fake news. No one can trust @realDonaldTrump
When was second one?  Cuz I sure never heard that from him.
He didn't write one word of that speech and you know it. He can't put that many words together coherently.  He's still a bigot!
He is a joke
The call to end Bigotry is extremely hypocritical after his unhinged meltdown presser last Tuesday
@POTUS is a white supremacist sympathizer
The nonsense needs to stop now and you Congress men and women need to rally around President Trump to show solidarity with him & his visions
I'm sure the MSM/libs will find something, probably many things to say negative about him/his speech. Such hypocrisy, so shameful!#MAGA
Shameful the rinos go along w Dems
We call for political violence to stop whether it's Nazis , blm and antifa we must have law and order
Do you honestly believe a fucking word that comes out of his mouth?
Gosh thanks Mr. Grassley.  I was wondering what the puppet show was about.

How the hell will he tell white supremist to like everyone? Especially in the armed forces. We had one on-board in navy. Nobody had his back
Yes Standing with President Trump and our Country Always President Trump Stand Together American Citizens
Is it just me or did ChuckGrassley just find out how to use a keyboard & a mouse last week??
Ending bigotry and bullying needs to start with Trump.
He read off a TelePrompter, get over it. My 5 year old niece can do that....#BarSoLow 
Senator Grassley: How would you feel about sending your grandchild to war under this idiot
He is the Bigot @ChuckGrassley
Too little, too late. His outburst at his presser is truly what he believes, his recent attempt to look 'presidential' notwithstanding.
I noticed that, too! Loved that. 
medical weed tonight chuck?
Support our President! #MAGA
If he wants to end bigotry he needs to start with himself. #Suckingup #sycophant #immoralPresident #friendswithNazis #grassley
Not sure what you were listening to, but that is not what he said.
Starts with the man in the mirrow
I must have missed the strategy part. Heard rhetoric but no serous details other then 'I won't tell'.  But he read his TelePrompTer well.
From a TelePrompTer by a racist person who dodged serving in the USA forces. So what is your point? You think he did something proud? Please
He's used up all his credibility. Kind of like you!  Believe nothing from him or the GOP. #ImpeachOrResign
He is a great @POTUS At what point are all the Republicans going to support him and We The People?
#trumprussia
So it's up to other countries to fight this war and up to other people to fight racism? No American leadership? Pffft
The second speech was a week too late.  Sorry no kudos will be given for something POTUS should have addressed last week.
So what exactly is the plan?  Anyone?
Two Speaches Lying his Ass Off! Impeach the Traitor Now!
He laid out No Plan but he guarantees a Win. He owns that!
Pls support Trump
Nope
Thank you
You heard a strategy?
Hard to believe someone who continually lies 2 us. It was as if he was medicated. THAT was not DT.  That will come when he forgets his meds.
What are u smoking over there!Absolutely no strategy defined, in no way standing up to bigotry!He's not a unifier, he's a divider as for USA
His plan had zero details & read scripted words off of a Teleprompter after instilling hate for 7 months. Stop pretending he's a good POTUS.
is that what you heard?
I think we heard different speeches-
From Charlottesville to you Chuck, stop. Nazi terrorists attacked my town. This a$$ defended them. Screw his 20 minute fake speech.
No one believes he cares a lick about ending racism and uniting the country
You are knowingly supporting a white supremacist traitor. Our country is dying and you are killing it.

If he wants to end bigotry, he needs to start with himself! And if you support him, you need to take a look at yourself as well
Not a bigot racist or colluded with Russians. Lies by democrats. @BarackObama thing with Solyndra and Obamacare
He read some words off a teleprompter without saying anything incredibly stupid... great day for @realDonaldTrump
He read 7th grade level 
Based on his words and actions, I just don't trust him. Not. One. Bit.

He needs to build trust through compassionate action. Lots of it.
Keep the talking points going
He never acknowledged or apologized for Charlottesville. For repubs the bar is still too low.
Go get em Chuck! Investigate those leaks
Yawn. Too late
Horseshit. And horseshit again.

Shut it
Lordt, you guys are ready and willing to go down with this embarrassment of a president. Party over country, I guess.
How many Billions did @BarackObama screw the Americans out of with crooked ppl Solyndra and ObamaCare
Neither one believable from this vile hypocrite. ...also says he appreciates military while banning transgenders from service.
Did he finally threaten you Mr Grassley?
This would have been a better speech if it was delivered from a person with credibility, honor, and morality.
And by someone who wasn't a draft dodger.
I must have been watching a totally different speech...
Unbelievably uncoordinated and unfocused
Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury
Signifying nothing.
Have you considered retirement? Alzheimer's is tough.
Trump's speech: "whine, whine, whine, I won the election, whine, whine, I'm great, whine, whine." This is the #GOP
The ONLY good thing about Trump is that he's destroying the Republican party as intelligent people flee from NAZIS.

I wish his dad's original instinct had been the same... https://twitter.com/BNONews/status/899800444259753985 …
Thoughts on it?
You can help by ending those tax payer wasting Russia investigations... Just saying
Why would an innocent man need to fear an investigation? I thought Trump was the "law and order" president?
It's not fear. It's a baseless political witch hunt. It's the perception. And wasting our tax paying money. Needs to end. Right?
Baseless? Don Jr had a secret meeting in Trump tower to try to get "high level" information from the Russian government.
#FakeNews you made many assumptions in your statement.
Everything I said was a fact. I worded my statement carefully.
Top secret with many others at the meeting. High level.... Please!
"High level" isn't my description-- that's what the email says. Don Jr said he never had any campaign meetings with Russians. That was a lie
Presidents should NEVER be involved with rules of engagement especially cowards like Obama. Presidents make decisions. Generals make plans.
All due respect Senator, ending bigotry starts in the WH with the President
He is not a bigot in any way whatsoever
He gave one speech and it did neither of those things.
&&
stand behind are president I love ya chuck don't be john McCain
Amen
