He totally should be. After all, he sold out Iowa land, air, and water to corporate farms. Certainly he's he owed SOMETHING. 
You are kidding, right? How many examples of obstruction have we seen from our @POTUS & you've not said a word. #Traitor #FailedIowa
Kind of like you obstructing garland Merrick huh chuck, let's see your reply
Trump is an illegitimate president, a traitor, and a threat to our Republic. Don't wonder too long about why his apptees are blocked.
As much as I can't wait to see Terry go, you're really not one to talk about nominee obstructions. Also let's worry about bigger things rn.
HOW CAN YOU POSSIBLY THINK THAT IS THE PRIORITY RIGHT NOW??

Oh, wait. I forgot, the security, integrity, future of the nation don't matter.
Democratic obstruction? Sorry Chuck, you're a hypocrite. What about the #Trump Trainwreck? #InvestigateTrump #SaveMyCare #AHCA
And Merrick Garland should have been on the bench last year. A tried and true obstructionist such as you has no room to speak!
Your silence on Trump's incompetence is 1 more perfect example of GOP obstruction of justice and betrayal of America!
If Merrick Garland needed delayed last year, Branstad delay now necessary. You used to be able to think independently! What happened?
Obstruction? Like you and the GOP refusing to even give an Obama SCOTUS nom a hearing?
Chuck...please for all of Iowa, just retire.
Don't you think that the confirmation on the Chinese ambassador should wait until after the next Presidential election?
That's hilarious!!
And Merrick Garland should be on SCOYUS!
Two words. Merrick Garland.
I'm an Iowan and voted for you. Take charge of the Judiciary committee and put this FBI nonsense to rest.
What is wrong with the people in DC? Help Trump drain that swamp!!
Time will tell. I say DEMOCRAPS are much worse than Ruskies.
What the hell does that mean. Go away.
That's rich coming from you.  Zero integrity
#ComradeGrassley is more concerned about his agenda; rather than protecting our country, our democracy and our values.
#ComradeGrassley - You lied this morning:
Grassley there’s no evidence Russians influenced vote in November https://goo.gl/fb/RmPlWr 
He lies every morning. Iowas small town papers don't cover local & print his lies for free. #ShameOnChuck #NotIowaNice #ThisIsIowa
I meant they don't cover national politics. Rural areas are fed his crap & @DavidYoungIA w/out question & take it as gospel
Yes I actually agree with you that asshole should be there by now.
Is Terry Pro-Choice now?  Or, does he still hate women?
How dare you talk about obstruction after what you guys did to this country for the past eight years. Shame on you, Senator.
Rich statement, Chuckles. Did you forget about Merrick Garland?
@PatGrassley how will you follow in this treasonous legacy? @ChuckGrassley sold Iowa to Russia. #traitor #countryoverparty #merrickgarland
That you could type this with no sense of your own history speaks volumes about your integrity and intellect.
Hey pot, two words.  Merrick Garland.  Sincerely, Kettle

#Erdoğan'ın korumaları kavgaya karıştı http://ow.ly/U23u30bMRLv  #amerikaninsesi 
the delay tactics are doing nothing to move our country forward.  Shame on them.
...and Trump should be in JAIL, GOPher
He actually should be impeached.
Merrick Garland ring a bell??
I can't fricking WAIT!!!!  His negligence and known activity w RICO is unreal !!!
. @ChuckGrassley Perhaps there are other pressing matters the Dems would like to address LIKE THE SHITSHOW THE GOP LED US ALL INTO.
your the pot calling the kettle black aren't you (Mr I'm refusing to hold any hearings for Merrick Garland)your a hipocrite Chuck!!!
Yes, Iowans want him gone, send him to China already!
Wish he was
You are very hypocritical. Your obstructionist politics damaged our country and led to this mess we are in.
The Dem obstruction is ubsurb
If you would do your job and put country before party, then maybe the dems would do theirs. #thisisnotnormalchuck
When GOP obstructs, what is it called? What's GOP coverup of Trump-Russia called? Branstad will be there in time for Trump Beijing opening.
#SuckItUp
Huh. If only it seemed like karma because your party did that for 8 years...
You know a ton about obstruction don't you? Merrick Garland ring a bell? Your hypocrisy is atrocious. GOP Senators patented obstructionism.
Don't let them stop the important policies 1. H1B Reform, 2. Tax reform, 3. Replace Obamacare
Why shouldn't they obstruct the appointments of a treasonous president?? Do you still trust @POTUS decisions?
Seriously? With your President in a free fall, you're fussing about Branstad? What a joke. Also, terrible timing to defend 45/Russia.
Yes, Iowans can't wait for him to go.
first @TerryBranstad has been a tragic governor for Iowa. So as much as I want to ship him off to China there's more important things to do
Obstruction is a pain, isn't it?  How is Merrick Garland these days, btw?
While it would be nice to get rid of Terry ASAP, I'll wait until you do YOUR job and hold 45 accountable. I promise to do it for you!
Are you forreal insane? You personally oversaw the theft of a Supreme Court seat. Also, some other stuff is going down today...
Seriously Chuck? This is clearly deflection from the Trump-Russia saga. Get your priorities straight and impeach @POTUS
This is the legacy that @ChuckGrassley wants to leave. Reasonable republicans will realize that this ship is circling the drain.
Jake Tapper: On @AC360, David Gergen who worked for both Nixon and Clinton, says "I think we're in impeachment territory"
Chuck, you are unbelievable in an embarrassing and bad way. You grandson won't have a prayer trying to inherit your seat. #notaprayer
And after the republicans were so courteous to president obama.
Listen to yourself! Just listen! You are the master of Obstruction. MR Garland ring any bells?
Seriously? And you're part of the brain trust in this? No wonder nothing's getting done.
And Merrick Garland should be seated on the SCt. Look at the speck of sawdust in dems eye and refuse to look at the log in your own.
Bigger fish to fry at this time. Everything should be on hold as we to try to get to the bottom of 45 and his Russian problems
Believe me, those of us here in Iowa wish Branstad's ass was in China too !!!!
They learned it from watching you. Lead by example or something like that.
If I were you, I'd be more concerned about @realDonaldTrump trying to influence a criminal investigation of Flynn.
As opposed to the Republican obstruction of the past 8 years?
You should call me.

Really Sen Grassley that's hypocritical.  Can you say Garland.
This is all bull & I stand behind our Pres. Stop this crap if you can please. Don't let the evil dem elite destroy us. Thanks for trying
Where are you on Trump giving out classified information?  Then other work can get done.
you are a hypocrite!!
And Merrick Garland should be on the Supreme Court now.  Pity that you represent the party of national destruction.
@CNN @MSNBC @chuckschumer 
@NancyPelosi Vetting crucial.Ds doing their jobs.Ds didn't force DT to share Classified info.to Russia,fire Dir.
Merrick Garland Mr. Senator, don't like the rules shouldn't have changed them in middle.
Pot calling kettle. Look in the mirror. The GOP did nothing but obstruct for the last 8 years.
What a short memory you have. You don't remember vowing to obstruct everything Obama did? Is it Alzheimer's?
Do you say this with a straight face?
And Garland should be on U. S. Supreme Court. #DoYourJob
Isn't it disgusting when the Senate delays appointments based on partisan politics?
Boo fucking hoo!! I want branstad out of our state asap.. but there are priorities!
If there was in independent investigation, you could probably fit more confirmations into the senate schedule!
You're right. Branstad should be in China and not here doing everything he can to destroy Iowa before he goes. You both are disgraceful.
YOU HAVE A POTUS  GIVING INTEL TO RUSSIA THAT WAS GIVEN TO US BY AN ALLY, AND U WORRY ABOUT OBSTRUCTION, WHICH IS WHAT GOP DID ALL LAST YEAR
Also pls just stop tweeting. Based on responses to every tweet nobody cares abt what u r doing we only care abt what ur not doing #GOPLapDog
Looks who is talking U have become a joke in IA. Your hipocracy has become laughable & hard to stomach  Man the f up and protect our nation
Merrick Garland should be on the Supreme Court by now.
Grassley rule: obstruct as much as possible in last year of president's term. Trump won't last year so no more appointments
Trump leaked classified info to Russians
Exactly.
Republicans WON stop letting Dems obstruct!!!!
No one cares.  Do your job. Remove Trump.
Oh. Is that like holding a Supreme Court seat open for a year ???
I so regret voting for you,
Also, it's downright absurd to see you complaining about obstruction.  Shame on you.
I agree completely, to the extent that I can't wait for him to be gone.
Nothing. Nothing until there is a special commission to investigate the Trump administration/organization/campaign and its ties to Russia.
And Merrick Garland should be on the Supreme Court. You got some setta balls calling obstruction, you hypocrite.
You incredible hypocrite. Everyday, for years now, I grow more and more embarrassed that you represent my state.
That takes a lot of nerve for u to say after 8 yrs of obstructing Obama at every turn. Nothing to say about trump?  Partisanship!!
Figure it out. Work weekends to get nominees confirmed. U have many judicial noms pending. Let's go!
Merrick Garland.
Seriously you obstructionist king.. you set the bar for it.  Trump Russia.. independent investigation.. Merrick Garland??
Look up "Perfect Example of Obstruction" in the dictionary. It's your picture Senator!
…and the head of your party, @POTUS, should be impeached by now. Get your priorities straight!
And Merrick Garland should be on the Supreme Court, yet here we are.
The republic is dying, and you're recycling hackneyed talking points about minority party obstruction.
Obstruction seems to have served you quite well. I guess they had to pick it up somewhere?
Obstruction - it's always easier to see it in others Chuckie boy.
ITS time to change legislation if they keep it up. We can not run a Government without PDT positions being filled. Obama should stop control
How about your obstruction of Obama? Forget that sir?
This Iowan can see the hypocrisy in that tweet, Senator.
MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND  MERRICK GARLAND  MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK G
Oh aren't you one to comment on obstruction!!!  Do you recall a year ago??  And our fool president should be impeached by now!  Do your job!
And not having a hearing for a year for Garland is what exactly???
Little different than approving Supreme Court nominees, huh?
THIS is what you are most concerned about today? You are acting like the Russians have something nefarious on you.
And Garland should be n the Supreme Court.
Mer-rick Gar-land -Mer-rick Gar-land -Mer-rick Gar-land -Mer-rick Gar-land -Mer-rick Gar-land -
#merrickgarland.  #ImpeachTrump
Seriously? How do you even look at yourself anymore? You all need to go.
And you should be visiting Trump at federal prison.
Boohoo. A taste of what you did for EIGHT YEARS during Obama Administration. Get over it, you sellout for Russia.
Look up Cassandra Butts and get back to usk
Just approve everyone enough with the democrats. #justDOIT
You care more about that then the president giving Russia classified information America first Chuck
Vote without them! You won now lead
and maybe the Dems are more worried about our President revealing secrets to the Russians than when Terry gets to Beijing!!
Majority, or not?
and Merrick Garland should be sitting on the Supreme Court but your obstruction prevented that from happening
So you're just a partisan hack now? We need an independent investigation into #kremlingate
You would know a lot about obstruction of nominations.
You have no standing to claim "obstruction!" How stupid do u think your constituents are chuckes? We aren't losing our memories,smh.
That is fucking adorable coming from a shitweasel like you.
Chuckie, OBSTRUCTION Of Government is THE GOP & TRUMP RUSSIA SCANDAL. The ONE You are Covering Up , Do Your JOB. JUSTICE and Your OATH
Seriously, do you ever read the responses to your tweets?  Obviously not!
Why don't you worry about the Russian in our white house, Barney Fife.
you know, like the rest of Iowa.
Most Iowans would prefer him to be in Bejing just like we would prefer you to retire!
And you should "b" voting to convict the POTUS of impeachment right now, but, you can't always get what you want, huh?

@TheDemocrats YOU NEED TO BLOCK EVERYTHING UNTIL WE GET INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION. THE PEOPLE SPEAK, YOU SERVE.
fuck. You.
Party over country again Senator?!? Have you seen what is happening in the Oval Office? No?
And this after DJT tried to use you as cover saying there was nothing to the Russia thing.    He will use anyone he can.
The left is full of hate for this country and its people who want to be free. They want Socialism and are power hungry.
Short-term memory, Chuck. The Judiciary Committee reported favorably on 30 Obama nominees that GOP NEVER brought to final vote.
#hypocrisy
Mr Grassley, Americans want to hear about the DEMs IT Boys the Awan Brothers and #sethrich #SethRichCoverUp Podesta fake Russia BS at WaPO
We are thankful to get rid of Braindead.He was late because he wanted to screw IA a little more.Sign more shit for us to fix in the future.
When's your next election? You're done
Are you dense? Put your country ahead of your party!
Are you paying attention???
*cough* Merrick Garland *cough*
Thank you!!
And Trump should be in Leavenworth. #TrumpMustResign
How deep are you in the Russians' pockets?
Really?  The President is losing his mind, on Twitter no less, and this is your concern?
Lol you are hilarious. How can you EVEN think the word obstruction after last 9 years. 1 word GARLAND. TREASON all of you. Shameful
Garland!
It really will be a great place for Branstad.....China doesn't have any worker's rights either
There might, just might, be a larger reason to delay vote, right? For instance, you are shilling for the Trump Admin, not doing oversight.
That's your biggest problem?
OMG - THIS is what u are focused on with effing chaos all around you?????????? You are not the man Iowa thought you were. FOCUS!!!! #Russia
Let's see now, who was it that obstructed Obama's Nominations for Supreme Court
Dem obstruction? Are you kidding?!? Should we discuss all the Repub obstruction? Proving everyday that you're just as worthless as the rest!
Yeah Chuck, that’s clearly the most pressing thing going on at the moment.
Chuck you are a prime example of why Congress is viewed so unfavorably! You don't pay any attention to the real issues before you!
FIND A WAY AROUND!
Justice Garland should be giving you some side eye Senator Grassley!
Keep ignoring the real obstruction of justice that is right in front of you Chuck!! Can't even call you senator b/c you are so indignant
Many Iowans wish he was in Bejing, too.
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
Think about this: The R's in Congress would rather protect a pres who gives Russians classified info than live up to their oaths of office
Do something about 9x5 and maybe Dems will be more apt to get back to work and stop blocking "progress"
