This is weak. Nobody is pro-abortion. When exactly did you choose to stop serving Iowans?
I see you went to the Betsy DeVos school of English grammar. Nice work, senator.
are you illiterate? Or still using a flip phone?
why is it you don't make townhall appearances in Johnson County or Scott County? Scared to face your constituents??
Agreed. When will he visit Cerro Gordo County?
he seems to be missing all over the state.
pro-abortion is actually pro-life. Support a woman's right to choose.
top 2 deaths of pregnant women: Murder & suicide. I wish as many supported the woman bearing as the other.
There's a legislator in Oklahoma that views women as a host for the embryo. Too much bibleing
obgyn doctors aren't bible -primary goal is to save the child.US 100,000 live births/ 24 women die.
It was an Oklahoma legislator that viewed a woman as nothing BUT a host. No other use
this constituent begs you- never stop tweeting! 
.....because they're so bad they're funny, right?
wouldn't they be perfect open mic fodder?
no.
no one is pro abortion. That position doesn't exist. Stop straw manning.
Defunding Pl Parenthood lowers unwanted preg. What will GOP do to support all the babies born in poverty? Let em starve??
are you holding a town hall meeting in Davenport anytime soon?
God saw her pain and will bring her into paradise. Faith changes people and graces lives. RIP
Come on Bud, your lack of context, purpose and grammar makes this post, pointlessly divisive.  Get to work.
so what.
Although Norma never had an abortion the court decision resulted in 51,000,000 babies being aborted. God forgive us! 
.@ChuckGrassley Supporting a woman's right to choose does not mean we're "pro-abortion". It means it is HER decision, not yours, not mine.
That is a profoundly undignified way to address a death. Take a good long look in the mirror, Chuck. Are you proud?
Be a patriot and investigate @realDonaldTrump before he does more damage. You know it's the right and moral course of action.
YOU, sir, don't own my uterus! Govt should force males over 25 to get vasectomies! Fair enough? Or is that excessive govt?
Despite the abortion court battle Norma McCorvey never had an abortion. She gave birth and put two babies up for adoption.
Senator Grassley, thank you for your love of life.
Correction: Defunding INCREASES unwanted Preg. Going to start orphanages for crack, incest, rape babies? No GOP will adopt!
even after becoming a Christian she still died?

You can not ban abortion, you can only ban safe abortion.Please care about women's health, I shouldn't have to ask for this
If you wanna tell me what to do with my body, learn to use fucking twitter first sweaty (: #ProChoiceChristian right here
Your choice is either lower the abortion rate, which PP does in Iowa, or increase unsafe abortions. Iowa facts. Learn them
religion has no place in the making of laws. Period. Keep you religion out of my uterus.
I am Christian. It's my choice!
pro-abortion? Really, Chuck? I'm a a Christian and I'm pro-choice. ACA, social programs are the real pro-life!
Why do you hate #America??
For real Senator. Wake up and get a clue. I hope you're ready for Iowans next week. We've been waiting for your return.
leave it alone Chuck. It's law and women deserve safe options.
abortion rate dropped under Obamacare because of access to contraception and health insurance. Why take that away?
plenty of Christians are pro choice. And in US the loudest religion doesn't get to impose its beliefs on everyone else.
your prolife when you still offer support after birth Good schools Affordable Healthcare a living wage a safety net for poor
The point is she had a choice.
we all want to reduce the demand for abortion. Please fund VAWA and provide affordable contraception. Condemn sexual assault.
Studies around the world show eliminating the safe supply of abortions just means desperate women have dangerous abortions.
nobody is "pro abortion". Statements like that are why some are so uneducated and judgemental
I'm a Pro-choice Christian because I trust women and their doctors to make this tough decision.
But we have her legacy with Roe v Wade. It wouldn't be Christian to mess with her legacy @SenWarren #WomensMarch
And God bless America for correctly giving her the choice regardless of where her personal beliefs took her.
Abortion is a woman's choice.  Bottom line.
shame on you! Nobody is pro abortion. I am pro life and pro choice. Educate yourself, man.
How many people will the GOP kill by repealing the ACA? Also, stop trying to shove your religious fantasies down our throats.
Pro life is not limited to a Christian belief, anyone with basic humanity should be against it abortion
still waiting for you to become a Christian and come clean on you#betsybear vote Chuckles!
@SteffiSLee really, Chuck? I'm a Christian and still pro-choice.
pLanned Parenthood reduces the need for abortions...pro choice does not mean pro abortion...save ACA
Trolling the good citizens of Iowa again?
so you're saying she was wrong first, then corrected herself?
Nobody is "Pro Abortion." Come on, Senator - you're better than this.
I am a Christian & I'm ProChoice
If you were actually pro-LIFE you'd continue to support services to children and families AFTER the baby arrives.
he does. Check out his record. That's a lame liberal talking point.
Pro-choice is NOT pro-abortion.  Christianity is not a prerequisite for being pro-life, by which you actually mean pro-birth.
If you come to Des Moines be sure to bring some sort of government ID so we can recognize you...
hopefully all the pro-lifers step up and foster kids stuck in the foster care system.  Show you are really prolife
btw Chuck, no one is pro abortion. We are pro choice. Your ignorant choice shows how little you know. I'm embarrassed for you
Thankfully she started out as fighting for women and then switched to fighting against them later.
Christians are pro-choice too.
family planning advocacy, like planned parenthood, reduces abortion. #fundfamilyplanning #fundbirthcontol
chuck.... "pro abortion"?!?
Humans are wonderfully complex, aren't they? 
Yesterday POTUS attacked the 1st amendment. Do you agree with him or not?
Yeah but what time was that town hall you were talking about?
It sounds to me like you are pro-birth, not pro-life. Do you care about people who have been born?
Many women change options on this matter as they grow up or grow older. She wasn't alone on both sides.
LOL @ChuckGrassley. I'm sure you celebrated appropriately, as a Christian.
Is this the way all the cool kids are writing on Twitter now?
Your dearleader called free press "the enemy of the people". So naturally you tweet about abortion history. Do your job!
If we start banning regrets, it will be illegal to vote for you.
If you're opposed to abortion, then don't get one. Abortion actually lowers the crime rate.
If only her legacy, the impact of the Roe case, would also die.
THANKS FOR POSTING AND KEEPING UP THE GOOD FIGHT
I am not pro abortion personally, but I wonder why the government gets to decide that choice for women.
to protect the unborn life.
are you celebrating her death???
