#fakenews #performanceartist
yet you all want to $$s that actually help American people. You’ll never have my vote again.
Should read won’t not want. Sorry.
MASSIVE TAX CUTS FOR VICIOUS RICH REPUBLICANS, Merciless Mercers, Cruel Kochs, Vicious DeVos, Brutal Adelson, CRUCIFIXION FOR US @DMRegister
Can you explain how you will fund schools?  My babysitter makes more than my wife who has a masters degree.
By golly, I really think shouldn't.
In 2008 Obama's actions saved us from ruin. Grassley n GOP making rich richer n putting rest of us in jeopardy again. No more trickle down.
Love you @ChuckGrassley for supporting @POTUS efforts to fulfill promises made "WeThePeople"voted #TRUMP *millionsof_ILLEGALSvotedDEM #8NOV AND #TRUMP WON #MAGA VOTER #LANDSLIDE waiting for #GOP on #TAXREFORM #JOBS #DEPORT #DEFUNDPP #FREEADOPTION #WALL #NODACA #MUSLIMBAN #REBUILD
Pass the #FAIRtax and make everyone happy. Has the added benefit of eliminating the IRS.
And “by golly” we want the transcripts from ur meeting with GPS Fusion my little unpatriotic snickerdoodle
Gemma I think I have a crush on you! Snickerdoodle! That made me laugh so hard
I don't think he's testified yet
The head of gps fusion has testified for 10 hours. @ChuckGrassley during a downhill,stated that he most likely could release the transcripts.That was about a month ago & we haven’t so much as seen a word.
*Town hall
Make sure they don’t mess with 401K’s - sister in DSM lost a lot 2008/2009- she will need that money when she tries to retire at age 70
By Golly - adding to the deficit, lining the pockets of the rich while screwing the rest of Americans should be on your tombstone
Complicit is your legacy.
100 days. Daughter emergency shelter. Tax the poor
Fucking LIAR! Poor people will pay MORE in tax and so will middle class, while rich get richer, paid for by killing Medicaid! M0R0N!
GO Sir Grassley---------we need your help
Tax cuts to the richest 1% do nothing for America! Bad deal!
Racist, KKK Nazi Grassley has promised MASSIVE TAX CUTS FOR VICIOUS RICH REPUBLICANS, MERCILESS MERCERS, CUREL KOCHS, CRUCIFIXION FOR US
Better deliver or no Xmas check from the Koch's? No tax breaks for top 1%!! Raise their rate! Rep Iowans, not billionaire donors.
Give to the rich take from the poor and middle class
Great!  Let's do that and not hurt nonprofits in the process.  They are the ones doing the good work. Good ones don't need unnecessary risk.
Non profits as in churches? They need tax break repealed for being on politics
Thank you Senator Grassley. 
For millionaires...
Congratulations.  Too bad Paul did not,  as well as Dems against it.
And “by golly” u better not give 1 cent to the rich.
You Go...Chuck...We Want It...We Need It...Help Our President...Help Our Country..
By golly, you are delivering, Chuck, to your favorite corporations and billionaires.
I know you made sure those of us paying taxes will pay less, if not, go back to drawing board. Millionaires can pay more.
How about a speech explaining GOP cuts to Medicaid/Medicare? Exactly what Iowans benefit from those cuts?
Sir,I think the tax plan will help my family in Broome County NY. We get around 800$ on state, local deduction. We are lower middle-class.
They are proposing to eliminate that very deduction.
What one?
State & local income & property tax deductions
Chuck Grassley is just killing it lately!!
Once again Chuck betraying the Iowans who elected you. You are an embarrassment and shameful
and by golly they better be for middle class working families and NOT YOUR RICH BUDDIES.....nobody's fooled by that homespun "by golly" BS
Come on man. Damn it. When tax cuts apply to all. The whole nation benefits. Bet you wouldn’t mind being in their place. They earned it.
I used to think that way, but no longer.  Too much money& power in the hands of too few. Bad for democracy & economy.   I'm done with that
You’re a sad confused old man
Can’t believe you’d agree to waste $1.6 billion that on a wall nobody wants. Why?? You’re so willing to deny healthcare for people
Thanks!!!
You better put HRC & BC, O behind bars and stop pussy footing around this is nonsense now.
God speed. If a [few] Repubs turn into democrats and stifle this thing, then damnit, Chuck, you'd better go after them--I'm tired of this.
UR president appears to have just screwed the farmers he claims 2 love. "FARMERS FOR  TRUMP " FARMERS  Fair Practice Rule NOT GOING 2 Happen
No tax cuts for the wealthy & corporations. Look to Kansas & Iowa, Reagan & Bush. Trickle down does not work.
Yes, trickle up poverty is the way to go.
Thank you so much for your efforts. 
yes by golly you had better deliver because you sure failed on repeal and replace and I happen to like you so don't let us down.
By golly, you are the worst!!! But those extra $ in your pocket will let you stop at a lot more Dairy Queens!
But it should NOT be a Tax cut for the top 2%, as it seems to be. Unburden the middle class, or what’s left of it #TaxReform for real people
oh deliver tax cuts to you and other multimillionaires?  U know this hurts average people to line pockets of already uber-rich.  U betray!
You all depend on the "uneducated low income" people to not see what's really going on! Well some lower 8ncome do have smarts to see reality
Buy cutting the low income, middle class and serving the wealthy! Yeah some of us can see thr the tax bs
Retire Grassley. You reached your expiration date years ago
And who will those tax cuts benefit? The wealthy will get wealthier. Reform? Call it what it is, a gift to the richest.
Thanks Chuck!!!
Thank you sir.
Rubberstamping legislation for octogenarians like the Koch Bros, billionaire nationalists like Mercer, is your legacy.
Packing the court with extremists when the black man is not is charge? The transparent move of an ideologue and bigot.
No matter who you hurt or help
So let's create a waiver for all the haters in this thread. They can sign it and reject their tax break.
It is time to take action. You are on notice that Trump is dangerously unfit.
Richard Painter and I wrote this 25th Amendment article. 

We believe it's time for an intervention. 

…
Will Iowa re-elect Chuck Grassley? Hope not. This guy said doesn't matter if ACA is sound party politics more important. We don't matter
By golly you keep acting like Russia and Trump know nothing.  So when you're voted out you know why. You lied to the Country.
Chuck, nothing is truly getting done. #ImpeachTrumpNow .
This nation cannot afford another tax cut for the wealthy.  You know better than this, stop this damn madness.
History will not be kind to you. 
But it will get Grassley into the Fox News loop for 24 hours and straight into POTUS’s brain, so he will think it a huge success. https://twitter.com/benjaminwittes/status/920723302368382981 …
Be honest....something you pledged to your donors. This is about them, not the middle class.
By golly, I wish you had some balls.
What is this Russia story in The Hill being endorsed by Gorka? What are you up to?
Sessions said it's up to Rosenstein if he wants to investigate HIMSELF?? ARE YOU F'ING KIDDING ME! STOP the NONSENSE this is UNACCEPTABLE.
If your plan is to cut taxes on the middle and lower income groups and raise taxes on the higher income groups, I’m all for it.
The Senate Judiciary Committee w/Sessions is a side show. No 1 is asking critical questions.
Chuck, the American ppl are intelligent and believe in the founding scales of Justice. PLEASE do the right thing here. Let the Lady lead us.
I’m gonna find out your Russia connection
By golly everybody knows you're a corrupt SOB trying to screw ordinary Americans and Iowans in every way possible.
He justified a tax cut during a bull market, and after CBO reports show the cuts will increase national debt by 6T by 2018? What a POS.
More gifts to pad your pocket no doubt. Will you ever put your constituents before those who pay you off, I mean 1% who give campaign cash.
So obviously a hypocrite! Afraid of Sessions and Trump? Why bother with a committee when it's so one sided. You need to be primaried. Sad!!!
Forget tax reform - Yore on Capital Hill with Sessions - No ?s abt Hillary & Russian uranium deal.  Americans demand ans.

Is it okay w/you that @jeffsessions has left the fox in charge of his own chicken coop 2 resign? The voters will not stand for it!
Mueller needs to be FIRED NOW!!! Trump Russian collusion needs to end NOW! What the hell is wrong with you SPINELESS Reps? CORRUPT.
New Intel out by all legal standards the Clinton Russia gate must be investigated! Intel sujests much worse then originally thought!
Why aren't you asking any questions about trump? You fraud , Clinton is not president.. stop it!!!

YEEEEEEEE! HAAAAAAA! @BarackObama @realDonaldTrump @SenSanders @HillaryClinton @billclinton
The tax plan is nothing but a big fuck you to the middle class and a big Payday for the elite. CEOs pocket every dollar.
TREASON, AIDING AND ABETTING A CRIMINAL, ACCEPTING BRIBES, PARTICIPATING IN A GOVERNMENTAL COUP BASED ON RADICAL RACISM.. @realDonaldTrump
WTF someone needs to investigate this Ahole
Listening to your sorry “questioning” of Jeff Sessions where you try yet again to smear Hillary Clinton. Shameful, sir. #RetireNow
Why did you not press Sessions to answer the most important questions asked today? You are worse than useless; you are complicit. #RetireNow
As the "COVER UP" mounts ..!!..There are something's that can't be swept under the rug..!.. @foxandfriends @ChuckGrassley @BarackObama
Abetting or accessory is usually not present when the crime itself is committed but has knowledge of the crime after the fact @ChuckGrassley
PEOPLE SHOULD KNOW IF THEIR PRESIDENT IS A CROOK..!! @realDonaldTrump
Where are transcripts for the 10 hour #SteeleDossier testimony by Simpson-u are on video saying u would put for vote to release.. u a liar ?
KUSHNER, TRUMP JR, MANAFORT, FLYNN, SESSIONS ALL LIED ABOUT MEETING RUSSIAN WHY LIE IF YOU DID NOTHING WRONG? @foxandfriends @ChuckGrassley
You chuck are a steaming pile of shit .... spent ur opening statement w/Sessions hearing talking Clinton ?? Political hack
Senator, I wish I had someone that looked longingly at me as you do to Sessions...maybe get a room??
The Russian influence in our democracy is very real.Do NOT deflect! Defend our Republic. Putin will do this again if you let him.

Fk you!
By golly you make me sick!
Grass , country over party...we are watching you today with Sessions
Hmmm. New poll shows only 24% of Americans think they will be better off w Trump "tax reform." Guess they know the cuts only benefit rich.
Got to love a pic of 20 years ago, TERM LIMITS NOW. Staff twitters
And By Golly it better not be just for The Rich
Your “tax reform” another giveaway to top tax bracket. It’s still voodoo economics
By golly, tax cuts for only the most wealthy, increase for middle class no concern for deficit is not reform, it is "deform".
We know who will benefit, by golly!
Senator, I'm not against tax reform, but it cannot add to the debt. That's a deal breaker.
Better get your priorities straight @ChuckGrassley or you’ll end up in prison too. Country before Party. We see you.
Feinstein, Grassley conflict brewing. 
You failed.  REPEAL ACA
https://www.redstate.com/streiff/2017/10/17/new-investigation-links-hillary-mueller-others-russia/ … obama needs to testify about this 
Go Chuck!
Please tell me you're going after the corrupt Obama Administration & getting rid of Mueller, Rosenstein & McCabe TODAY!!!!
When are the transcripts from the Fusion GPS interview going to be released? I haven't forgotten, have you?
Don't even THINK about screwing or allowing the paid morons on your party to try to squash the investigation. Russia meddled in our election
Know this: the sane people in this country will not stand for a Russian plant of a President to take over without the truth being told!
Senator is a good and honest man. I'm sure these cuts will be for everyone.
Waiting for you to set up the hearings for Pence & Kushner private email server, & still waiting for Fusion Transcripts. Get to work, Chuck.
You don’t have enough time to pass comprehensive tax reform, not that we need it. More tax cuts for the rich will further bankrupt the US.
Not one penny more for the 1%. Put the money in the pockets of those who need it.
when I see Ryan's 25% tax bracket at $37,000 & 35% bracket at just $112,000 I want to puke. 25% bracket should be at $500,000...at worst.
make the tax code less steep,not moreso. You can eliminate deductions ONLY if you cut rates first & extend brackets upward with unsteep code
Golly, ya sure betta pass these tax cuts 4 the 1% of wealthy Iowans..(that's Iowa speak for fucking unbelievable). #IA01 #middleclasstaxcuts
So u think we need to increase deficits to cut taxes for your rich diners?
Doners.... damn autocorrect
What's going to be done about this! https://video.foxnews.com/v/video-embed.html?video_id=5615301810001&ref=twitter.com … more fake investigations,
Yay!! More tax cuts for you filthy rich bastards that have been stealing from us for centuries!!! #therealwelfarequeens
How can you cut taxes when you raise the debt ceiling, we're in deficit spending? Without cutting spending, you have to raise taxes. #basics
#MerrickGarland
Your problem is that during campaigns you lie about what your policies will deliver. Constituents don't want what the @GOP is peddling.
Well ya better have it ready by the time the Pres makes it back from golfing
Uranium one fbi doj hrc rosenstein mueller needs to be investigated.
When r u gonna ask mccain abt his involvement w Russia dossier ?
Who in the hell gives tax cuts to anyone when the budget is running at huge deficits?
Can you please talk to AG Sessions and get on this Clinton selling out my Country, cause if I’d have done it, I’d be in jail already !!!!!!
Please push 4 a full investigation into HRC relationship w/ Russia& Comey's writing early decision exonarating HRC b4 invest. was done.
So, how does it feel to be a puppet of the wealthy people? Such a disgrace to turn you back on your constituents in such trying times.
Yeah, BY GOLLY. Maybe y'all should! Trump is getting pretty tired pullin' this wagon all by himself. He has been on his own from the git-go!
Senator Grassley expose the Obama Admin corruption with Russians, you’ll go down in History as a Hero.
Really..., this the best u got?
If you do Republicans will stay in power for years.
Somebody get McCain to do right before soon to come death!
BY GOLLY GET THOSE TAX CUTS
Golly you better! Because your full-majority party has failed catastrophically at everything else. #MAGA!
Clinton/Sanders line.."The Rich will pay for it" if you pay Taxes.. You deserve a cut. Welfare pays more than I make. Cut it too!!
By golly, I sure wish you could explain why we need them o instead  of just saying it. These tax cuts don't improve the median income any more than it has been for the last three years. so who's getting the cash?
But let's keep the estate tax, please. Better for the large majority of IOWA!
You’re not trustworthy anymore to do what’s right for the hard working people of Iowa, our land or our children. We see your crony politics
I pray that love and light enter your soul and comfort you as you ponder the best decision about taxes for 325,000,000 + +God loving SOULS.
Retire tax cuts 4 wealthy debate get to work on #CHIP #DACA #OpioidEpidemic #ACAfix
Anything for the 1% , do you need to tax the <$75k group, by golly old timer, you do it, I mean, you screw over so many Americans as it is.
Im sure you’ll benefit with your +$3M net worth. You are the 1%.
By golly Chuck, you want the tax break so you can fund the "Hatch Grassley Victory Cmte" or Grassley Hawkeyes Fund.  http://FollowTheMoney.org 
Koch's give RNC 400 million to get billions in tax cuts. The Koch's and the RNC benefit while working Americans get screwed.
Please Mr Grassley, I believe someone should hold President  Obama's staff responsible for the Uranium One deal.This mess gets confusing 
Will u investigate the Russia bribery scandal 2 get the Uranium One deal? Holder knew & signed off, keeping Congress in the dark! Mueller?
We need u to really investigate Uranium One! Please!!!
Get to work Chuck. US Senate has been a huge disappointment. If you can’t get rid of Obama Care and lower taxes please retire.
Yep; GOP Fat Cat Supporters won't stand for anything less.  They are counting on that year-end Christmas Bonus for Grand's College Funds.
My understanding that is where the Rich put their huge tax cut in 2002-2010; that, they generously received from, "W," Bush.
By gum, if theres 1 thing I worry abt, its we havent cut taxes enuf 4 wealthy. Wait no, its head of ur party plunging us into nuclear war.
Tomorrow get on the floor & demand an investigation of the Uranium One illegal deal
senator grassley you are either a coward or have your hands immersed in the swamp. Impotent or compliant? Evidence is there!
Yes by golly because you should make my brothers on the autism spectrum homeless.  Shame on you senator do you have no shame?
Of course corrupt chuck grassley is on board with Koch Bros tax cut plan. 

http://www.bostonglobe.com/news/politics/2017/10/14/the-kochs-want-that-tax-cut-badly/oUJ2VvCU0GAIT7cbdZfIXL/story.html …
People are going to need more money in their pockets, since @RealDonalTrump is doing everything he can to drive health care costs up.
Address this sir!   Rosenstein & Mueller have to go. 

Shocking FBI Corruption Exposed
https://youtu.be/dobKjYM9DRI     

#FBI #nastywomen
You better be ordering a special investigation into the Uranium One Deal & Comey debacle. We, The American People, deserves much more.
BREAKING: FBI Finds 2,800 Huma Govt Docs on Weiner Laptop - Most Likely Contains Classified Info
Yo rock or bot...who starred on the movie Stripes?
Yup the rich will love it
Will your tax cuts/reform truly help the Middle Class or is this just another giveaway to the 1%? YOU are supposed to REPRESENT the 99%!
Comey lied on tape. Are you even curious? If not then join cast of Morning Joe.
Koch bros and the rest are losing patience, Chuck. They want their tax cuts and they want them NOW. Screw the rest of us. Screw PR, USVI, CA
You think we are not paying attention. But we are-investigate or resign.
Yes the @GOP better deliver on tax cuts & better deliver on bringing justice to the American people! Clinton/Obama must be held accountable!
Are you going to investigate aggressively Uranium 1? If not then please resign.
Get to bed Chuck. America is counting on you to kick some butt tomorrow. #LockHerUp #JusticeMustBeServed @Gop
@realDonaldTrump Be nice if TAX credit U,POTUS is talking about helps families,people like myself instead of the upper class #TrumpLiesmore
You must go after Clinton.
Paying for tax cuts that benefit the upper % by cuts to Medicare & Medicaid hardly seems worth crowing about.
Taking care of the people Thank you @ChuckGrassley
By golly maybe people need health insurance for their kids Chuck. But by all means, cut taxes for the Trump kids instead.
you are an embarrassment to Iowans
You are a sad representation of Iowa you will do what’s right for your party but not your people #wrongforiowa #shame
You make me embarrassed to be an Iowan...  Can't wait until this old bullshit government finally dies out...
Yes sir, thank you
May I have another, sir?
At 2:16 AM, on a Thursday morning, I don’t think you need another one.
How about you renew CHIP? And then if you must give out tax cuts make sure they actually go to the working class.  Not your billionaire pals
