Repeal Obamacare in its entirety!
yes! health insurance is overrated and poor people don't need it! #keepamericaunimsured #gop
Poor ppl may need help w/HC costs but ACA not answer. It's a bureaucratic costly ins. mess, doesn't lower HC costs.
great week it's put to govt to figure it out! Find a solution and make itt work. U til then keep the coverage.
Do you represent ALL of Iowa or just the little farm towns who love you?
Don;t worry about paid protestors..get rid of Obamacare..a death panel unto itself
Why hasn't the investigation into Kremlin White House started yet. Any honest American would already be on it
Your healthcare statement conflicts w/ @SpeakerRyan whose plan does not guarantee continued coverage under the #GOPTrumpcare
u all Really Do think the voters are Stupid! Can't blame u.(president trump) . How many Republicans voted for "Obama Care" ..
...aka Affordable Care Act.  ZERO.THAT'S "WHERE WE GET THE IDEA that people in Washington don't want you to have health care"
Repubs could have tweaked ACA care to make it better. u have control of BOTH HOUSES. Maybe u don't want all to have insurance
how can the repubs repeal obamacare without a plan already set??  i mean, you don't think that's very incompetent??
Term limits. You are the poster boy for term limits.
see, cuz you guys repealed obamacare that had a clause protected pre-existing conditions, now ins. companies....
any questions about releasing  #TrumpTaxReturns to the public?
Why?  He's president tax returns are irrelevant
Thanks for support of TownHall meetings. Pass it on to your colleagues.
.@ChuckGrassley has got #99countymeetings and a very astute, intelligent farmer was at one of them. #DeathPanels
...can decline payment or the procedure they need!  how come you elected officials don't worry about all that?
your Iowa values have been tainted by greed. You only are there for yourself, I hope you can sleep good at night.
Thank you Chuck for listening - it sounded like organized protests & disrespect Stay focused. This is our opportunity #MAGA
yeah the 80yr old pig farmer was paid to be there Lol 
http://MoveOn.org  put out info on all townhalls for their thugs to disrupt.
By "thugs" you surely mean concerned constituents who have equal right to attend & demand representation
No he means thugs who come with the intent to disrupt the town halls
or maybe you mean bring up important topics of legislation that are being ignored by our elected officials
i say you've been in too long and i hope iowans vote you and the entire repub party out!  you all don't get anything done!
you've been a senator for 36 yrs!!!  and got free health care all that time!!  so, are you a socialist??
#RussianTies #TrumpLies #FollowTheRussians #DoYourJob
I heard they have Obama's real birth certificate
CAN YOU POSSIBLY WRITE IN PROPER ENGLISH?
cuz you elected officials get FREE, no restrictions, gov't run health care!  and it's a very simple process!
Did you explain why you support a @POTUS with white nationalists in his cabinet? Do you support their beliefs?
I would also like to know this. What is your stance on white supremacists?
sad that we have to ask now
Don't pay them no never mind senator. They are just Obama's & Soros flunkies
Do you have any proof? Chuck himself said we were real. Try again
you repubs are so hypocritical calling gov't run health care socialism and you all have it and none of you have declined it!
What will yu do with people who have heart attacks or cancer who lack insurance? What's your plan 4 them
must be nice to make a comfortable salary and don't have to pay to see the dr. or any co-pays...what about the rest of us?
And you being an obstructionist picking party over people!
We support your efforts.  Stand strong ref. illegals in our house.  Return criminals ASAP to their home country
11/6/18
All these so-called protesters are nothing but Obama's Soros flunkies. They don't care about just wanting to cause chaos
you are TROLL. Get lost.
Citizens are voicing their concerns
REPs are going 2 ruin some of the best school systems in Iowa, my reason 4moving from Miami, over greedy. #ProtectOurTeachers
I want the same insurance you have!!
Wish you and Ernst had the backbone not to be ALEC shills!  Shame on you both!
Chuck's got 99 problems but the truth ain't one.
#DoYourJob #WeThePeopleWantIndependentInvestigation of #Trumprussia #russianhacking #russiagate
#resist #Resistance
what are you going to do about the voices you heard, the Iowans who feel you abandoned our values? Be a leader Chuck. #iowan
Investigation of Russian influence and collusion needs to be a top priority! #nopaidprotesters #justrealiowans
Its time for you to go, we need new people with new ideas.  You chose party over country. #next
Q: pipelines n climate A: not a robot like Ernst #ernstbot. I need clean H2O Q: immigration A: let it be,not a problem
Q: health care A: save ACA Q: vouchers A: NO, they will kill small towns. Q: Russsia A: be careful Q:term limits A: we need
You need to answer the Afghan man who worked with our soldiers during the war. He protected them, time for you to protect him
we want to see 45s taxes, investigate ties with Russia. Listen to all your constituents #mysenatortoo
Yes, lots of people with BIG issues.Your answers were  vague or nonexistent. Is this the legacy you want at end of career?
...Improve the ACA..negotiate Ins Co premiums..let Ins Co compete..why reinvent the wheel ?.collaborate with Dems..be a hero
hopefully u take some of that back with u! My family needs the #ACA and this country needs 2 #BOYCOTTtrump #indivisible
Finally catching up to chuck better have some answers
@CNN @MSNBC @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer Are R's listening to voices, concerns of Constituents? FIX ACA, NOT REPLACE ACA.
prescription plan D hurts America
When ur in Winn Co. stop by Turkey Valley 4 a tour of r "dead end" school. We wld LOVE 2 show u how we create awesomeness!
not my senator
You either don't hear us or quit listening.
...not my senator
From what I'm seeing....Not mine either....
are you going to actually listen to us or is your votes already bought & paid for? You've disappointed us lately!
not my senator
#99countymeetings Based on the response you are getting - do you really think you are voting to represent what Iowans want?
#DoYourJob #WeThePeopleWantIndependentInvestigation of #Trumprussia #russianhacking #russiagate
#resist
#99countymeetings is a fraud. You only hold public meetings in lower population areas. When are you coming to Polk?
Demand his taxes. The most critical issue right now is the #Trumprussia connection. #investigateorresign
Please support a special prosecutor to launch an independent investigation of Trump's Russia ties. PATRIOTIC!!
Did You Hear what they were Saying! I don't think so it is Not the ALEC game plan!
