You routinely vote against everything that MLK stood for. Delete your account. Delete your career.
@PirateWench @ChuckGrassley But his wife...not so much.
How so?
his reverence for MLK seems hollow when he votes to silence the words of his widow.
Ah. Gotcha. I thought you meant Grassley's wife. My bad.
and how did you honor him yesterday when @SenWarren was censored for reading his widows letter? Disgraceful.
too bad he didn't live to see you vote to censor his wife's words before the Senate last night.
.@ChuckGrassley
we do honor his legacy...everyday when we oppose people like you.
as long as you support Trump, his judiciary efforts to undo civ rights progress, and Sessions, keep MLK's name out your mouth
How about vote him out..
you voting for Sessions or nah? Because this is going to look typically hypocritical when/if you do.
put Republican in front of anything and Grassley will vote for it.
Seems like only yesterday when you voted that his wife's words couldn't be read on the senate floor!!
your grammar is eclipsed only by your mendacity.
& nobody forgot that you wouldn't allow a vote for Judge Garland.
somehow this is the most racist text I've read all day ... which says a lot since I've been following republican debates ...
if that's how you really feel, vote "no" re: j. Sessions.  Otherwise this is useless lip service.
oh, hey...it WAS useless lip service.
You voted against his widow's letter being read by a woman. Shove it.
#MLK believed one of the greatest injustices in America was the disparity in healthcare #GOPHypocrisy #DoYourJob
MLK was also against illegal immigration
too bad he didn't see when you voted that his wife's words couldn't be read on the senate floor yesterday.
"to bad?" Really? Also remember when you voted on the senate floor against his wife's words being read?
And yet you felt free to dishonor his wife's words yesterday.
Browder v. Gayle made it all the way to Supreme Court. Meanwhile Sessions and Gorsuch are opponents to Civil Rights.
You silenced the words of his widow last night, you huge hypocrite! Party over honor is the new motto of the GOP.
but his wife, who most directly continued his legacy, can stuff it.
remember when you voted to silence his wife, last night?
You voted to censor his widow's words from the Senate floor last night. #LetLizSpeak & SIT DOWN.
voted NO on making MLK day a national holiday.  Who do you think you're fooling, Grassley?
don't mention his name you swine .....
you and your clown colleagues of GOP are an embarrassment. Please sit down and shut up.
ahhh he was murdered by people who think like you! You vote against what he stood for every chance you get!!! #ClosetKlan
Fuck you.
MLK would surely have been impressed with your cowardly actions yesterday. #ShePersisted
… live to c his accomplishments dismantled by known racist @SenatorSessions and the rest of you old white men?
Was this tweet written by a four-year-old? Please show some literacy; you're a US Senator for heaven's sake.
Remember when you voted to silence a senator for reading his widows words?
Or see you refuse to let a letter from his wife be read on the floor of the Senate.
Honor King by having a second hearing for Sessions. Hear Sessions crafted the racist EAs. The people are watching you actions. #Cabinet
Yet you stand behind Trump who is intent on destroying civil rights. SAD! Over rated!  Rigged!
we'll hold you accountable when #jeffsessions fails to uphold the civil rights of ALL Americans. #sessionshearings
too bad you're supporting an attorney general who could undo many of MLK's accomplishments
hypocrite
m8 you and your party regularly and actively seek to revert the progress.
do your job and vote no on Jeff Sessions. A true way to honor MLK. But you won't as you are devoted to hate and the orange 1
honor Dr King and deny Jeff Sessions the AG
Glad he didn't live to know how you treated Obama's SCOTUS nominee. You should be ashamed of posting this tweet.
yep, too bad somebody murdered him for what he believed. I hate when that happens. Super classy, sir.
If you are cutting affordable care act,cut your own health care and buy on this wonderful replacement health care for all
#IHaveADream
you can honor him by not supporting the nomination of Jeff Sessions. #stopsessions
2 bad u invoke him but do nothing as voters rights are stripped with lies of fraud. Dr King would be working and marching against your ilk.
...finish the sentence.
See his efforts get shit canned by your psycho nominee racist trump the disrupter.
like healthcare for everyone! Thanks trump
MLK wouldn't care much for how you treated the black president. Obstruction due to skin color! How dare you speak his name.
I'm glad he's not around to see the Republicans tear it all apart...
unfortunately the quest continues. A good place to start moving down the path would be a better choice than Sessions.
republicans are going to honoring  MLK  by dismantling civil rights laws Only way Republicans can Win by Blocking Vote !
vote on ACA means avg $7-M tax-cut for 400 top US earners,8.4 million kids will be uninsured. 0.01% will be so healthy,though
it is disrespectful to his legacy to not include this letter in the congressional record!
http://www.politico.com/blogs/on-congress/2010/01/mccain-grassley-hatch-voted-against-mlk-day-024253 …

“Of all the forms of inequality, injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane.” #MLK  #MedicareForAll
.@ChuckGrassley you voted against making today a national holiday.
Honor MartinLutherKing Jr today &his quest for civil rights&justice   To bad he didn't live to c his tremendous accomplishments
@KWierso @ChuckGrassley Chuck, we have a long way to go, made even further with Trump election!
stop trying to dismantle those accomplishments?
We're not done. It's time to address the inequities students are forced by fed gov to endure. Where's their due process?
...and while you're at it, tell Steve King to get that damned Confederate flag off his desk.
Meanwhile you support harmful voter ID policies, & have failing Civil Rights records from @ACLU and @NAACP
we will carry on where he left off: fighting u n every single Rep. How can u justify voting out healthcare for millions?
Below...the part of MLK's legacy that conservative often try to elide. Also, NO to JBSessions. No return to #votersuppression
Any idea who is paying for US troop buildup now, today, in Riga Latvia?
