Obama had done worse but MSM silenced.
Worse than treason, collusion and obstruction of justice?   No.   Good try though.   DJT wants a divided country. So sending you some 
None of those things are true for POTUS Trump. Dems, on the other hand, and you've summed them all up quite nicely.
Iowa Sen @ChuckGrassley, once respected now lackey, praises 45 in midst of our current national crisis. Step up for good of nation, Chuck.
@realDonaldTrump good job getting rid of some bad regs Can do alot more good by getting rid of Obama guidance letters in various agencies
Yo Chuck!  It's A Lot, you twit
.@ChuckGrassley are you part of the coverup? You've lost all objectivity.
you are a creep for suggesting this.
Where is the gop?
The people of Iowa will remember your spineless brown-nosing when you're up for re-election, Chuck. You may as well retire.
Or maybe you'll follow your president all the way to prison.  Are you in on the fun too, Chuck?
Oh are you referring to the good of removing bans in chemical use on farms that are now making farmers their families and employees sick?
Leaks are the symptom, not the disease.

Get a special prosecutor to look into this administration and its connection to the Kremlin.
It's time for you to retire. I'm guessing dementia. You can't be trusted either. Resign.
Do your job and appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Trump administration's ties to Russia.
Yes, agree. You must get out of the republicans and the lobbyists pockets and do what is right for the United States of America.
*A lot. Two words.
You always talk about leakers. We identified trump as leaker to russia. What do u have to say?? Why so quiet now????
Delete your account. Also, Iowa delete this man from the Senate. Thanks, a grateful America.
Get rid of Grassley that would help
Stop the madness of the lunatic president by standing up for your fellow Iowans and all Americans. I used to have a lot of respect for you.
You are a monster. Karma has a lot waiting for you.
Are you on medication, or something? If you are, you need to increase the dosage ...
Who cares? Independent investigation .. Trump Russia.. Mike Flynn.. collusion.. cover up... Lies.. and you do nothing?
Good job poisoning is, our kids, and the environment.  Not to mention destroying our National Parks.   How proud, said no one. Ever.
Justice for #SethRich
Snake in the grass.
pretty disgusting u make excuses for Trump constantly and r silent on him obstructing justice. #Coward
Clueless Chuckles the clown.
@POTUS leaks Israel's classified intel to Russians. Comey memos-  #45 told him to close down Flynn investigation.This is your tweet?! #Wow
Yep. Thanks, Senator. Stay the course.
Actually, May I call you Chuck, he should just get rid of himself.
Thank you Mr. Grassley!!!
Is it like getting rid of folks you? U know the ones who do 4 themselves and not constituents?
Reversing any and all "Obama" or "Dem" regs, even if they are good, just seems petty. Why am I surprised. U r just like 45. #IowaCries
Grassley has quit doing anything that he swore an oath to do. Say goodbye. Traitor!
Keep bashing Obama bc obstruction of justice, nepotism, emoluments, Russians in Oval Office, endangering IC assets are none of your business
There should be no more Congressional business done until Trump is investigated. NONE !
We need a special prosecutor immediately!
lol you still Back the Russian Spy! Maybe we can Impeach you with Trump!
Your problem, Republicans, is that you don't understand that regulations are in place for a reason. Not the brightest Crayolas in the box.
One person's good reg is another person's bad. Also, 45 gave classified info to Russia and put lives & alliances at risk. And it's "a lot"
Hey Chuck, good job backing a traitor to this country.
Would you like to join him traitor Grassley?
Money in your pockets over safety and environment. What happened to working for the people? #GrammarCheck
Are kidding me?  What about the regs that protect our water and air.  He is getting rid of those too!  Shame on both of you!
Do you have a pulse or are you a member of the walking dead? Pay attention! #obstruction of justice
Hey Sunshine....Do your freaking job for a change.
"Alot " is not a word.  A lot is correct! English teachers of America!
Christ, man. Can you throw in a proofread before you fire it off?
Why is this even happening now?
Please retire.
Are you THAT freaking clueless?? You might ought to consider moving to another country since you appear to despise America.
Hey, 45 also gave classified information to the Russians.
Holy Traitor, Grassley! He's sharing classified intel with RUSSIANS and you're worried about regs?! #WTF
He can do a lot of leaking of classified info. 

May I suggest getting rid of that?
If you are INCAPABLE OF PROTECTING AMERICANS RESIGN SO SOMEONE ELSE CAN! GOP has become more DANGEROUS BY ALLOWING THIS SHITSHOW 2 CONTINUE!
How much longer will you give this corrupt presidency cover INSTEAD OF PROTECTING AMERICANS & OUR DEMOCRACY? DO YOUR JOB! SPECIAL PROSECUTOR
Chuck, here is an extra space. " ". It looks a lot like empty place in your conscience.
Are you serious? How about the job he did giving our greatest adversary classified intelligence given to us by Israel? SPECIAL PROSECUTOR!!!
You are useless...smdh
Nobody likes bad regs, for sure, and thanks for working on that. You know what's worse, though? Incompetence and treason in the White House.
Also, in 2018, after Dems take the House and the Senate, their first course of action will be impeachment hearings. It will be glorious!
You're a weasel and a traitor
Are you kidding right now?! Get off your butt and do something about your insane President! He ruined relations with a top ally!
You do realize he's an incompetent madman, right?
He gets rid of "classified" easily enough
