can't tejigger something that was already jiggered. AHCA failed because it was to weak to stand, and your own party knows it.
Well said. @ChuckGrassley totally knows it.
Rejiggering? Seriously. Rejiggering? Where u from dude... Iowa? What have U done in past 7 years to improve ACA? Your fault
WTF. Rejiggering? How about FIXING the ACA you spent 7 years sabotaging? #doyourjob #GOPshame
.@ChuckGrassley We will NEVER help you turn back the clock. So just shut up about us working with you.
hahahahhahahahahahahahahahahaha
Sometimes you can be the voice of reason. This time the @GOP was roundly defeated by the will of WE the PEOPLE.
the voice of bipartisan reason only speaks here when the opposing party wins.
Contrary to what most think, I believe in bipartisan reason..when it works.
Total Parstisan Like You Whole Career & All Last Year!  BS Grassley!
What about when GOP refused to work w/ Obama? You didn't complain about partisanship then, did you? #hippocrite
Interesting how divisive issues are when they're negotiated with such divisive language (both sides).
Hey, Chuck: retire.
Your literally have no idea what the fuck you're talking about, do you?
huh? Sorry about your dementia
all the speculation hurts President
wait a second, you have complete control of two branches of government. This is on you and your lying party.
you more than anybody know partisanship. Why not go to China with Branstad? Take Joni with you. King too.
.@ChuckGrassley How are we obligated to help you throw people to the wolves?
You were included in development of ACA, then you decided opposition to anything Pres. Obama proposed was political expedient
Saw tweet about Comey interview. Why doesn't he tell the Committee of findings is so wrong not talking put Trump in bad spot
Medicare for all
chuck the Ryan Bill would have crushed the middle class and elderly.  It would have lost the Repub House.  Start over.
stop. We know what y'all did. On you and GOP

You are one of the main reasons the ACA has flaws. You demanded, stalled, and changed the bill until it is what is is now.
Except ACA was crafted over a year and was bipartisan as proven by 160 Republican amendments in final bill. But keep lying!
If this passed, 7+ million veterans would suffer. Were you & @SenJoniErnst supportive of that?
Party over country, sadly.
and you would definitely know partisanship when you see it.
You're an old man but no leader on bipartisanship. #SCOTUS
are u trying to defend a total epic fail of 24 million people almost losing their healthcare?  No healthcare 4 us NONE 4 u!
not true mr death panel
check your facts Repealing ACA would not only kill the economy it would kill people Never see bipartisan support w/false talk
.@ChuckGrassley Did you know House bill would have allowed ins. companies to not cover ER visits? I doubt it because YOU DIDN'T READ IT.
Too bad you haven't been in the Senate since 1975. Then you could have done something to get everyone healthcare.
Well chucky baby in all these years you have been in office I have yet to hear an intelligent word out of your mouth on the subject - wait'g
thanks Chuck for recognizing that. Now show them the Iowa way and let's work together to figure this out.
You and the Republicans had you're turn at the plate. Instead of digging in an taking your cuts, you hid in the dugout.
Oddly enough I've seen that 17% figure somewhere else today... the approval rating of that awful bill we killed #LOSER
. Full REPEAL OBUMERCARE MEANS REPEAL OBUMERCARE.  CONSTITUTION DOESN'T provide HC, REPEAL OBUMERCARE MEANS REPEAL
smurflkiptchus pivbnm Korda St aultim
You are correct! Why have you been so partisan for the last decade, then? You used to be a decent politician and it's sad.
today was about Republicans standing up for their citizens!  In other words: Doing their job! #Trumpcare
ya think maybe you should have a look at this regime that's under FBI investigation?
You, sir, are quite the Jackwagon sometimes.
called "affordable care act", and at least it sought to HELP hard working Americans who still can't seem to make ends meet.

Denying healthcare to over 1 million under the age of 18 is acceptable to you?
"SenDems adopted 161 amendments & key GOP planks" http://www.salon.com/2010/02/23/hcr_amendments/ …                      
"total partisan approaches", @ChuckGrassley?
Dems gave you everything you asked for in '09 yet you still voted against
Do you realize 1/2 of Iowa population is women so denying routine healthcare harms over 1 1/2 million?
@HouseGOP worked on it in secret, with no outside input, with a very real result of killing millions.
- you are right - two wrongs don't make a right
with the most of the money being given to the rich and insurance carriers - and cutting insurance for the lower class
. ACA can be fixed and that should be the focus.
So what do you call your stonewalling of Garland's nomination?
8 years of vicious, McConnell-motivated obstruction toward a black president. And NOW you decry partisanship. Too. Late.
GOP sabotage of Obamacare expansion is major reason it's failing in certain states. Stand up to Insurance and make it work.
Nope, it was about the Republicans presenting a horrible health care bill
Obamacare has problems, some people are suffering. Others owe their lives to it. I refuse to believe there are no solutions.
Are you sure you can lead an investigation or have your leaked info to WH already or going to play WH games too
And 1 of them GAVE millions of people health insurance and the other was going to take it away & give rich people tax breaks. Not the same
Again what happen bipartism-working together- oh that's right you work for Trump now and not America Citizens.
Pot, meet kettle.
#aca needs to stop stealing @fanniemae @freddiemac private property to fund via Net Worth Sweep. #fanniegate #funfactfriday
Was this part of a #PaulRyan dream when he was #TappingKegs & #CoEds ? #ImJustaBill  #Trumpcare  #Trumprussia #TrumpDontCare

Well said, Centaur Grassman
