The leakers are the heroes in our country now! You are nothing but a corrupt old man on the wrong side of history. Good luck with that
Make Don jr, and Manofort testify publicly we're talking about potential Treason for Christ's sake do your job.
Treason, espionage, Wit tampering, withholding evidence, obst of justice, perjury, collusion, etc..
Forgot money laundering.. What else have I forgotten?
Snakes and the Grassley, I knew @ChuckGrassley didn't have the backbone to make these admitted crooks testify under oath, in public.Shameful
Maybe just maybe they are giving the info to Mueller. We dont trust you'll do the right thing
Thought you were finally standing up to DJT and being a patriot by calling for subpoenas. Your flip-flop seemed to come after Sessions news
@ChuckGrassley talks a tough game but cedes to Trump when action is required. Ironic now that WH is throwing his buddy Sessions under bus.
#Obama knew #Putin interfered in 2016 elections. He sat on the information and did nothing. How many crimes did he commit? 
#ARRESTOBAMA
Oh dear. Listen to General Hayden who is not exactly a supposed "wilting liberal":
Reminder: General Hayden doesn't even shy away from speaking at CPAC. He's indicting the GOP, though he was a GOP nominee.
Don't forget that within our Gov there R non-partisan Intel Com. Pros w metadata & bank recs. U or Trump lie to the people, they will act.
You don't fool us w/ your helping the Republican party.....stop pretending you're not part of the history of Trump!
The leaker is Donald Trump.  You aren't fooling anyone Sen Grassley.
Talk to yr friends #Putin and #Lavrov. They're the most likely leakers b/c they want #Sessions fired so a new AG will fire #Mueller.
No need for the investigation to appear fair. Leaks will be everywhere & bharara will present them as evidence. To him win is most important
"pH leak?" Well, typical pH of urine is 6.0.... Imagine it's the same, for most Russian prostitutes.
@SenFeinstein not under oath you and grassley do a disservice to Americans!
Why cant you get said tape from the IC?
Trump is the leaker
You have known #Sessions for decades. So you know this is a WITCH HUNT on Sessions and on Pres.Trump. Why do you refuse to stop the charade?
You should protect whistlebowers
This is Shadow Government NOT whistle blowing. Learn the difference.
Shadow government? Just people concerned with the direction of their country comrade @kathyorozvo25
Or you can do your job & call  instead of inventing Dem conspiracies theories & spending your time chasing fantasies
Senator, you are correct. If there is something of substance - have them show it; otherwise, let us move on.
Fun fact. Get rid of Trump and the rest of the anti- American GOP and maybe we can restore the damage you've all done 2 our democracy!
Team Trump leaked to NYT to get Sessions to pee in his pants
Gutless.
you should have access to the intel data via the intell committee
Why won't JR etc testify in OPEN view of the public? Why are you helping them hide??? Terrible optics. #RussiaGate
Why? Your actions suggest you want to hide it, the media is the only way the taxpayers are able to access the truth
The call came from inside the house
Ask LEAKER Michael Short as Politico reported fired for leaking via Scaramucci doing sessions job
Are you complicit with this Russian Coup?
Your tweets these last few days leads to believe you spend an awful lot of time defending #TrumpRussia
If only the "leaker" could trust the @GOPoversight 
The can't 
Your complicit in hiding, distracting, corruption at all costs 
Sad
#DripDripDrip    #TickTickTick    The @GOP is never going to get anything done...you have a giant albatross hanging from your necks~
worry about your job! stop betraying this country! Putin has a puppet in the WH! don't you see that? look at the G20 meeting! traitor!
Another empty promise from @ChuckGrassley. Chuck is an obstructionist and is actively covering up Trump crimes.

You're supposed to support whistleblowers Senator. Calling these leaks and calling for private testimony tells us there's more here.#truth
There is a legal process for whistleblowers. Leakers are criminal =treason trying to overthrow potus. Know your law.
You're supposed to support whistleblowers Senator. Calling these leaks and calling for private testimony tells us there's more here.#truth
Mfngooble drzykjoplm bully boomy pumpkin going mbvxzsa gerzen foible gobble hook.
TRUMP HAD IT LEAKED. HE WANTS NEW AG SO HE CAN FIRE MUELLER...Come on. This isn't 24 dimensional chess here, Chuck.
Zo a
Guess we will be waiting awhile for that
Leakers aren't problem - traitors at highest levels in government are problem! Why are you protecting possible traitors?! SAD!
Go talk to your POTUS since he's the one who leaked it so he can get rid of Sessions to hire someone not recluses fr Russia.  GOP are liars.
Your party's obstruction, and muddying of the water is fuelling speculation. You and the religious right have teamed with Putin. Admit it!
As if you'd bother conducting a legitimate investigation, Chuck.
I have the leakers address for you. 1600 Pennsylvania.....
Republicans have closed the door on the people like healthcare ect. America belongs to all the people not just Republicans! 
Do the right thing & show/tell the truth. DJT & US citizens deserve nothing less.
Why did u make this deal! U have no right to keep the Americans from hearing testimonies! They won't even be under oath! Special treatment
Ur involved in the scandal
You demand transparency yet you let Junior & Manafort & Kushner talk behind closed doors
Typical GOP deflection.
THE Russian Leaker goes Back To HILLARY CLINTON' ! COMEY' !! THAT NEVER WAS PROSECUTED ! UNSECURED SERVERS WERE HACKED EMAIL'S!! START & END
Tell your sperm donor Donald that if he fires Mueller "we the people will rise"  We will protect this country from the republican predators
Yeah right Chuck, we see you 
TRUMP JR IS NOT GOING UNDER OATH!?????? TRAITOR!!!!! TRAITOR!!!!! TRAITOR!!!!!!!
THATS *YOU* CHUCK GRASSLEY A COMPLICIT TRAITOR!!!!!
GRASSLEY IS A COWARD
Did u ever find out why FBI was trying to buy dossier ? Or too busy in witchhunt against trump ? No such crime as collusion
They dont want that, if there was proof of anything, it would have been leaked ages ago. This is crap after crap & U jerks wont stop this!
The leaker is probably the WH. You going to start red herring to protect the puppet of Putin????
And what do they have on you? You can't stand up to trumps either?  Yellow-bellied lily-livered complicit snake! #SHAME
But that would defeat the whole dem strategy of drip drip drip... lmfao
Never happen, Senator. Lies and speculation work so much better than the truth.
Mooch finally said Trumps biggest fear- his win illegitimate- Russia got him elected not Americans. Why even mention or fear it if not true?
Did you just say "think there's a problem" with Sessions discussing with Russia?Let me tell you Mr. Senator, it is a problem!
Why don't you help investigation by FORCING Manafort/Trump Jr in FULL & IMMEDIATE co-operation To Trump/Russia. You're complicit. #traitor
Grassley should be investigated. He has held back this investigation at every turn. #Complicit
Spot on Barb! #InvestigateGrassley
You will lie, cheat, and steal your way to never having to find the President guilty.
You are a TRAITOR!!! @DonaldJTrumpJr & @PaulManafort belong in Jail! If you let them off you deserve jail too. Weak weak weak man!
Why bother? Your partisan friends allow Kushner & Sessions to remain in place when they obviously lied on SF-86 forms
Grassley, please add Russian agent to your bio. Why do you love Russia more than your country, children and progeny. Traitor!
NOW YOU WANT LEAKS? WHATS WRONG WITH YOU BESIDES BEING "TRUMPS LACKEY" YOUR NO BETTER THAN NUNEZ I SEE YOU KEEP TRYING TO STOP ONVESTIGATION
You were threatening Manafort and Trump Jr. last week, but when is Loretta Lynch going to testify?
Encouraging this=Anti-American! Go through proper LEGAL channels! PS no one gives a hoot we want our country back no more fake Russia news!
End costly investigation SEARCHING for imaginary crime! Mueller is a criminal theif! Wasted US taxpayers He was aquired on false pretenses.
Will he deliver for Trump too? Dems seem cool w/ 1/2 million dollars to Trump's private acct in exchange for 20% of our Uranium.
Please support POTUS. We voted him into office.
I hope you are not paying attention to the negative trolls. They don't have jobs & just spend the day hating all Republicans & patriots.
I hope you are not paying attention to the negative trolls. They don't have jobs & just spend the day hating all Republicans & patriots.
The so-called Session/Russian Convo doesn't make sense. Russia wouldn't give a shit about Trump campaign since Hillary was going to win.
Whats awful is that Democrats and republican fail to prosecute Hillary Clinton and keep this witch hunt up on Trump
The speculation will continue as long as your hearings aren't public. You, sir, have the power to stop speculation. #CountryOverParty
Dear Chuck,  
WHEN WILL REPUBLICANS LEARN?
Loyalty to Trump will always be met w/ betrayal & humiliation.MUST READ
@realDonaldTrump is the Leaker, Senator. Remember that when you're assuming his loyalty to you. Everyone is disposable.
Have You Seen This? http://youtu.be/XYGMWbWXniA  The Country Needs To Know The Truth
It's not a real leak Mr.Grassley it is the DNC and others paying off Russian ambassador and others inside our government that needs overhaul
Don't worry.  Mueller has the full text.
I just checked my twitter & why is vile liar trump ordering the navy to do anything? I come from a family of navy vets. Please stop trump
You are selling out our democracy.  The leakers are the only ones telling us truth about the Russian traitors in our White House
Chuck- you are despicable. Retire. It's time.
Time to investigate Obama's executive order 12333, giving raw NSA intelligence data to his holdovers.
Why are you encouraging people to break the law? You should be calling them out and throwing them in jail.
If the @GOP stopped covering up the many crimes n abuses of #LyingDonTheCon n the #TrumpCrimeFamily maybe people wouldn't have 2 leak 2media
Explain this to the people you represent in IA when asked why you lied/cheated to protect Trump at any and all costs!

Chuck, you are a hopeless spineless traitor to all you claim 2 believe in. "Family Farmer"?
https://www.theatlantic.com/news/archive/2017/06/trump-nafta-agriculture/531573/ …
What about those apples?
What the senator meant to say... *put up or shut up.
#Grassley....stop worrying about leakers and stop covering for #TrumpRussia...what does Puty have on you or how much $$$, traitor?
This Stealing his paycheck Bozo Senator is actually begging a Felon 4 help in the #FakeRusskiesGate farce This Clown is ruining America 
The leaker is your corrupt president so he can fired Sessions and put in a corrupt AG when you're in vacation.
They Can't cuz they are LIARS DA
Grassley you are a transparent partisan hack
You're beginning to smell like a RINO. STOP the charade. Why do you never investigate Dems? All they have to do is skip country & plead 5
If this happened to the RNC
Trust me when I tell you that you would scream to the rooftops 
You would call for impeachment
You took an oath to the American people 
Not to DJT
Why did you stop Manafort and Kushner testimony and instead opt for funder of Dossier testimony ? Let me guess... Dems are to blame.
Just like when you blamed Obama for a leak involving SEC violation. Turns out the leaker was your former aide. Bahaha
You should lose your Seat! Your are a waste of a honest respectable leader. The only thing you should be in charge of is making coffee
You are a traitor to this country !
As the "COVER UP" mounts..!!.. There are something's that can't be swept under the rug..! @foxandfriends @ChuckGrassley
Find the leakers & hang 'em like the traitorous vermin they are.
When are you going to INSIST ON PROSECUTING THE LEAKERS?!?!? Arrest Comey & the whole lot of them DO YOUR JOB @GOP or your job will be gone!
Oh come on... you know it's probably related to the Magnitsky Act (a legal nothing-burger).
Trolls and losers be gone
This is a parody account, right?
There is no info! Always from an anonymous source!
You have previously denounced leaking, looking for those who do it, instead of those who are doing the things that are being leaked about...
U can help stop speculation by putting Trump Jr. & Manafort under oath in an open session. We the people have a right to know @ChuckGrassley
It is time that Mueller, the Clinton Lawers he hired. Rosenstein get fired or recuse them self. Session had never a meeting with the Russian
You mean the way you backed off Trump jr & Manafort. You need to do what's right for country. Not for GOP
https://mobile.twitter.com/Paxman42/status/888890642033758210 …
Anyone who believes WAPO and it's anonymous sources at this point is easily duped So much of what they publish turns out not to be fact
Uh. What? You're encouraging leakers now? Talk about mixed signals.
Thank You Senator.  Why aren't we going after these leakers?   They put our country and people at risk
Why dont U get off ur ass and do some inditing?.How many omissions by Kushner, how many admissions by Jr do U need to finally  DO SOMETHING!
Put #CountryOvetParty PLEASE! The leak came from @realDonaldTrump and you know it. DO YOUR JOB! Where is your decency? #TrumpTraitor
When did you take the oath to  Russia???
This is going to go on to hurt Trump. It's not true just drip drip so as to keep it in the investigation theory the Reps need to stop this
Could be Sen Grassley is poising investigation to protect #KochBros legislation than taking the #TrumpRussia side? Same outcome either way 
#ImpeachTrump #RussiaGate you will go down with the sinking ship called Trump.
We know what u r up to. We know u r trying to save Trump and his cronies. The truth will always prevail...u and the GOP will fall 2018.
@POTUS @jeffsessions @VP promised 2 cleanup Swamp 2 do that he will be hated by many bc it affects their pockets.Every1 wants 2take down DJT
That would defeat their purpose.
We need to find any leakers danger to USA. Trump voters advocate FIRE MULLER. System afraid of @POTUS getting rid of Congress graft .

Start with handing down indictments on real Criminals! Comey, Obarff, Lynch, Rice, Holder, Brown, Polanski, Walters! You are all spineless!
The leak came from trump camp/ russia. Trump needs new AG to fire mueller open your eyes #CountryOverParty trump is dirty DON'T stand w/him
Hey Chuck! You head an investigation! Get with it and grill Sessions the way you might Hillary. #russiaattack
You're getting played. Follow your OATH of office and the Russian Money-- not the patriotic leaks!! Don Jr & Manafort must testify
They only got an intercept of a "decription" of the conversation! The intelligence community NEVER gets actual conversations!
Whistleblowers are NOT leakers. But did you ask John Barron aka Donald Trump if he is the leaker? Stop obstructing justice! Traitor!
Fire meuller,and sessions unrecuse yourself. Jeff was being honorable.He oviously didn't think dems would just keep it up like dogs in heat!
I think you need to find the leaker and put him/her on the hot seat front of committee now
Soo tired of this crap... Witch Hunt to say the least!!! Trump is right Jeff should have never recused himself. Dems corrupt
HOW ABOUT FINDING OUT WHO LEAKED THE INFO TO THE PRESS? THAT'S THE PROBLEM !
ARE U LOOKING FOR TROUBLE? YOU SENATORS NEED TO GET BEHIND
RWPEAL AND REPLACE OF OBAMACARE NOT TRYING TO FIND OUT WHAT SESSIONS SAID, DID U CARE THAT OBAMA TALKED TO RUSSIAN AMBASSADOR? NO U DIDNT
SO WHY DO U CARE WHAT TRUMP OR ANYONE ELSE SAID, YOU ARE JUST AS BAD AS THE LEAKER, FIND OUT WHO IS DOING IT AND PROSECUTE
AMERICANS CARE ABOUT HEAL THCARE AND  TAX REFORM NOT RUSSIA COLLUSION OR TALKS, COLLUSION ISN'T A CRIME, MOVE ON AND WORK!!
DO YOUR JOB, ALONG WITH OTHERS WHO DON'T WANT TO, WE ARE SICK OF THE INACTION FROM YOU PEOPLE IN OFFICE
Busy. Currently golfing. Proof.
GRASSLEY seems to be in bed with Trump & Putin. Why else does he ignore the real problem.
#GrassleyComplicit
#BrokenCongress
Same way your investigating #donaldtrumpjr #manafort Stopping a hearing! Do represent the US or Trump? #TrumpRussiaCollusionConfirmed
We see what you are doing, it's enabling Traitors and you will be geld accountable for your actions!
Me again
There you go . Encourage MORE leaking. How about this thought . "Mr Leaker- we will find you and arrest you" . .. sound good sir?
Worried I'll have an aneurysm from pure fury re @gop partisan response to this crisis. Off Twitter. Please keep ur oath to constitution.
by the looks of the comments, you best rethink your loyalty. Not lookin good for you. History will remember you as a traitor
Waaaaait a minute. So a GOPer is now CALLING for more leaks?? Fascinating.
Mueller has been Radicalized & helped terrorists groups,Hamas,ISIS. Now Mueller has access to Intel info to give HAMAS/ISIS very dangerous.
Dumb Donny will check with Putin if he can release the information. Just keep acting like you don't see a thing Chuck.
How much money did Trump have to spend to buy you senator?
you're a complete sellout to America & the American people. Oaths mean nothing to you Time for you to go old man
.@ChuckGrassley Hey bud, just walk across the hill and knock on Nunes' door...
And I bet that the questions were very carefully chosen as not to incriminate him
As you know, that would be illegal. Are you offering immunity?
Probably the Trump team.
call your white house anti-mueller-proRussia-cyber team. Y'all getting sloppy...or transparent. Insider job to get rid of AG.
You are in a crucial role with potential to protect our country from horror show. Yet u play partisan politics. Sickening!
Stop investigating this nonsense, investigate REAL Crimes committed by Hillary and her foundation,you COWARDS. Nothing Sessions did is wrong
I agree. Senator: Will all testimony (closed and ooen) be under oath? The testimony I refer to is: Manafort; Trump Jr; and J Kushner.
Perhaps Republicans could stop protecting Trump and put America first. Comet, Mueller, the Free Press,  Judges - all demonized! Enougj!
Then talk to your president.
