It worries me that he can't make a breast cancer survivor tweet without being attacked. I am not a fan of his but I'm grateful for the tweet
yes that's why I call the left Demoncrats no civility or empathy
I'm actually a Democrat :)

God bless her
And screw the poor Folks with cancer.
Women of Iowa depend on planned parenthood for cancer screenings for free. Wish your wife the best but what about the rest of us? Need PP!
You are unfortunately on your own. Republicans don't care
With the BEST medical insurance WE citizens pay for!
God Bless 
She's probably be dead under trumps plan. Glad you have good insurance with her pre existing condition
God Bless you and your family Sen.
As he takes healthcare from the taxpayers while taking healthcare from the taxpayers! 
Does your wife know you repeatedly try to destroy Medicaid for pre-existing conditions which would deny care for poor breast cancer victims?
Sincerely, so happy for your wife. Can we make sure other women have affordable access to the same care?
Happy 4 her. Make same health ins pol u have available 2 all. Ins companies r not going broke. Their CEOs  & lobbyists r paid millions.
They give millions to those screwing those who need insurance!
God bless sir!!
When is it "the GOP wants people to die without healthcare" month, Senator?
Thank the Senate you have health care. So many will die because of you.
I'm glad your wife is doing well. To bad you don't care about your constituents being able to afford to buy health care. But you are a Repub
Hey Chuck explain why the bill restricting DEA went through your committee without a problem.
Thankful for your wives remission but you vote to take healthcare away from millions... you are evil
Senator you have the power to stop the madman in his tracks. Don’t let your legacy be tarnished because you are holding party above country.

Thank u for making sure I WON’T have the opportunity to become a survivor.I understand that greed,power & most likely Russia has so thoroughly corrupted your soul.God & country will judge ur perfidy.Thank u 4 breaking r country’s word & standing on a global scale #SHAME
Assume she had best health care in world! She now has pre existing condition. Will she still be covered? Food for thought.
@DMRegister Grassley has great insurance, but leads the Republican Party in replacing the ACA with @GOP MengeleCARE, Republicns KILL US
Under ACA mammograms are free. Are you planning to keep it that way?
Don't count on it
So do you support pre- existing conditions to be covered by health insurance or should we all be on our own and go broke?
I guess we taxpayers pay for her pre-existing condition?! But you won’t pay for mine?! 
She was fortunate to have health coverage.
Would not be able to get it now. Pre existing condition
Senator, farmers will not be able to afford insurance without subsidies. Limited plans have 50% co-pay for cancer. What should we do???
Get s good life insurance policy ??
Twenty year survivor!
Those who depend on Planned Parenthood for their exams won’t fare as good as your wife! I am certain you do not care. Bet she does!
And your wife was blessed to have taxpayers healthcare. You & Joni are try to take mine away.
Then why would u want to defund PP? Do u not know how many women get care there? Please say u retire soon..good gods
Please retire. My daughter is getting married in 2 months and you were in office when I was in grade school.
I'M GLAD YOUR WIFE COULD GET MEDICAL COVERAGE FOR IT, I YOUR CONSTITUENT CANNOT. I URGE YOU TO TRY HARDER.
Happy for your wife. Because of Trump and your party women who are not your wife won't be so lucky. Fix the ACA, don't repeal or replace it with a healthcare policy that's designed to make healthcare unaffordable for those with pre-existing conditions.
You & Trump Just Took Thousands Off Their Healthcare to Die!, Stop pretending to be a good Guy!

Trump has changed ACA enrollment, subsidies & waivers. Here r some premium increases for 2018 TrumpCare:
IA 38%
ID 45%…
NOW we know why @ChuckGrassley is hell bent on discrediting the dossier  &?FBI McCabe
Barbara Ledeen WORKS for Grassley. This explains a lot
Congratulation to your wife Senator
Yet you and the @GOP are determined to make sure that cancer is a death sentence for a large portion of American citizens 
She is so lucky that she had health care. Your president just made sure that many lose access.
my mother-in-law Karen b. Feldman passed from breast cancer in aug.2016 , sure do miss that woman. congratz barbara on your 30yr. victory!
Congrats. But not for people without healthcare!
How many people with cancer did @potus give a death sentence to today. #youaretheproblem
Fortunately, your wife has health insurance. Your President just took health insurance away from millions of Americans.
Then where is your compassion for other women? Or is compassion only reserved for the deserving?
Good thing she has a Senator's health package so that she doesn't have 2 worry about having a pre-existing condition 4 the rest of her life.
You got yours and fuck everyone else, right Chuck?  #RepublicanWay
my mom is also a 30 year survivor. Congrats to Barbara.
Remember that when you vote on funding for the NIH. Awareness is fine, research is crucial.
Stop Pink-washing.  Let's talk about PREVENTING Breast Cancer and stop subsidizing the meat and dairy industries.
Please give my regards to Barbara. We were in a class together at UNI. Wonderful person.
Why don’t you celebrate by helping Trump strip people of meaningful health insurance?
.@ChuckGrassley And just imagine trying to fight breast cancer without healthcare.
I’m glad she is a #survivor & I guess she was lucky to have coverage unlike many of us now that #Trumpcare will make insurance unattainable
Good thing you are taking away health insurance
really?? Can we have the same opportunity with women today?? DONT take our healthcare away or they WILL die!!
You and your wife are so fortunate and blessed...unlike those who needed to rely on Planned Parenthood for cancer screening.
Please make sure that others have the same blessings by stopping the constant attack on our health care system
Snake in the Grassley up to no good.  US knows you will forever be tied to Trump brand.  Joke is on US - for now.
But then she has great health care and im glad she does even though i pay for it    too bad you dont have one ounce of caring for others
Then you should care about the rest of us. And any of you who have used birth control can go to hell. Hypocrites.
Funny you say Barbara! What did you know about Barbara Ledeen your staffer running a Covert op with hackers looking for Hillary’s emails
How will you ensure Iowa women will be able to get prevention & treatment?
Bragging about healthcare, while we are scared about the dismantlement of our care! You guys only care for yourself and your wealthy friends
Well, so much for integrity in office. You should be investigated for your interference and complicity.
Your constituents are going to hurt and you will laugh to the bank

You knew , trump knew. The staffer sold weapons to Iran and now picks out judges? You are a true scoundrel
I am truly glad your wife is doing well.  But your President is trying to make healthcare access unaffordable for millions of poorer women.
#DoSomething #StandUpToTrump #IADeservesBetter
Pre-existing condition. Hmmm. Well maybe you should get off the repeal and replace bus and off of tRumps right 
Then please take 5 minutes to consider what would have happened to her with Trump's purposeful destruction of ACA. You'd be a widower Sir
You're lucky she's protected by the taxpayer funded healthcare you receive. #trumpcare
Hopefully the country survives your complicity.
Good thing she has insurance instead of relying on #trumpcare
Repeal and replace O'Care. You deserve the same coverage you force on the people. We aren't asking-we are demanding
Survivors are increasing !! I am blessed!!  Congratulations to Barbara!
Chuck, how terribly fortunate for her, now what you going to do to save affordable health care?  Send cyanide tabs with tax notification?RIP
I guess she had good health insurance.....
Cool story!  You should retire and spend more time with her.

Then why do you keep trying to take away our healthcare?
So you are OK with Trump's latest actions that will significantly raise premiums for people with preexisting conditions like breast cancer?
Your supposed to buy insurance when your healthy, it's the fundamental concept and definition of INSURANCE.
Do you think she, as a survivor, appreciated your voting to repeal the ACA which guarantees that other survivors can't be denied coverage?

Trump's decision to end these Obamacare subsidies does *not* save money. It actually increases the deficit. https://www.cbpp.org/blog/cbo-severe-harm-if-trump-halts-health-cost-sharing-payments …
Good cause & please fund research.
Also, please explain why you voted to cap insurance payments.
So don’t stand idle while @realDonaldTrump destroys our healthcare! #WealthCare

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 

Whoa. Here the WH admits the exec order will  premiums,   taxpayer costs, and screw unsubsidized people with pre-existing conditions. 

Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 
