At least he not obstructionist like you have been for agriculture and others.  Your behavior shows no respect for Iowans.
oh please.  You should be ashamed@
speaking of transparency, I'm sure the $21,600 the DeVos family donated to you didn't influence you at all right?
i want to see his Donald Trump's tax returns. call me back.
huge misstep not prioritizing @SenatorSessions confirmation 4 @realDonaldTrump  Should've been top priority to protect USA

Grassley you are an embarrassment to all Iowans. I think your age has caught up with you & you don't realize how you sound
Good, so he is releasing his taxes?
.@ChuckGrassley Your oversight consists mostly of sternly worded press releases that end up going nowhere.
Backpedaling again? You endorsed&excused Trump's racism. I had col roommate from Iowa. Racist. Kicked him out b/c integrity.
Even at 18 I had guiding principles. You're 83 years old yet you still excuse & endorse racism?   Pathetic. #TheResistance
Perhaps after he is done investigating voter fraud he'll get back to you.  But I wouldn't hold my breath.
I prefer Obama's faults on transparency to Trumps outright lies.
is further gone than I thought! Get a grip & a clue! You're a disgrace 2 Iowans & the country. Go back 2 where you came from!
He can't even be honest about the size of a crowd, but yeah, he'll help you with oversight chuck. RU senile?
How can you be SO assured by a man who hasn't even released his taxes? He's not transparent. Please wake up 4 justice! #truth
Trump already profiting HUGELY $$$ from Presidency. His plan all along. Only transparency you'll ever see. No Dictatorship!
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha! oh, chuckles...
alternative facts=shalt not bear false witness?
Really?  We'll see.
yeah he's been a fucking paragon of transparency for us all to live up to
.@ChuckGrassley Senator, you threw your support behind a tyrant and a liar. You've compromised everything––all of our lives––for what?
Oh, that's funny!
#sellout
@realDonaldTrump aka the fake ass @POTUS will piss on you and tell you it's raining. But keep believing he'd ever help you
So glad Trump will cooperate with you and release his taxes. Relieved. Oversight very important.
hey quick update on executive transparency? Thanks in advance.
How's that working out for you?

Chuck; you should remember the actions of Cantor, Ryan, & McCarthy; shortly after Obama was sworn in first time. Trust gone!
Easy answer:  Obama learned that the GOP was comprised of duplicitous snakes who would use information to undermine agenda.
our own state is out of money some oversight...#fail
Whoa...better take notice...people are pissed! Bodes bad for the next election for GOP! Better hurry with dismantling for all
We will keep marching till you get the message. PROMISE!!!
Glad to see u excited about Pres. TRUMP.... Keep up the hard work.  Hey why not make Iowa the new Chicago for air travel?
Sorry, have to build a wall first.  That's what you voted for and Iowa is in a deficit too.  Maybe later.
tweets gone from shock to pain. Now bargaining. Next step is depression. Almost there Senator. You'll soon get to acceptance.
are you kidding me?
Chuck, Trump clearly isn't and he clearly won't. Obama NEVER created policy that destroyed people's lives. Trump does daily.
You can HOPE for something that won't happen but you must ACT on the things that DO (or in this case DO NOT) happen.
Your sole concern for oversight RIGHT NOW is the Trump Admin. You know that. You know they're not going to cooperate, too.
You're getting suckered, sir. On some level, surely, you understand that. That's why you originally tweeted it yesterday.
... and we're not in the Obama Admin. We're in the Trump Admin. Why are you conflating the two. They're vastly different.
Senator, you THINK he will. You HOPE he will. You don't KNOW he will.
Then you could look into his connection to Putin. Will @POTUS help you do that? (from Mason City)
delete  your account
are you literally numbering your tweets by saying tweet 2?
While you are overseeing do on overlook the FACT that Iowans do not want a wall. We want schools, roads, bridges, parks, etc.
the Emperor made you send that didn't he?
who you trying to convince?
dude I thought I KNEW you would #doyourjob but you sure put off SCOTUS for a year & supported the sexual predator in chief
Obstructionist...you should be ashamed.
Where are his tax returns? Where is investigation into Russian hacks? Where is his divestment of his money-laundering hotels?
you've turned into the biggest joke.
You are soooooo gullible.
You are like
Saulsbury of DE
Blount of TN
Polk of Mo
Bright of IN
Trump may be #traitor but you talk of this
#TheResistance
he won't even release his tax returns? So...?
He had better. Just saw this http://www.msn.com/en-us/money/companies/the-wells-fargo-scandal-is-now-reaching-vw-proportions/ar-AAmeHEu?li=BBmkt5R&ocid=spartandhp … No one should want "too big to fail" happen all over again.
you are as crazy as Trump is if you actually believe that.
dog you don't know how @ing works
we would like his tax returns
You're joking, right?
Sad to see a once decent Republican turn into a groveling trump sycophant.
He's won't even release his taxes! You've lost all credibility. #YoureMySenatorToo
Why would you think that?  He is putting gag orders on scientists and claiming fraud where none exists. #YouDidThis
You are truly obtuse. He hasn't released tax returns.
bullshit chuck
Oh, petal. That’s cute. You can start with his taxes then.
#obamaadministrationmosttransparentinhistory
#alternaterreality
lol good luck guy
No he won't. You will have to demand compliance.
Good luck with that.
how much is he paying  you Chuck? How Naive are you after being a public servant for so long? Not partisan. Idiotic.
really Chuck, after shutting down all agency transparency?  I guess I shouldn’t expect a party shill to change its stripes
Seriously, when trump lies constantly how can you know anything enough to caps lock it like that?
Oh dearie
Trump transparent? Only if you like #alternativefact in 140 characters.  Your dude is unhinged & won't last 100
unhinged lock the rioters at the inauguration I don't think so very well-disciplined man pay attention
How to thread Tweets together:
1) Send Tweet.
2) Click "Reply" on that Tweet.
3) Delete your @ username & send another Tweet.
you meant to tweet "I know PresTrump will do my oversite work for me"
We need patriots now, Sen. Grassley, not this nonsense.  The future of our country is at stake.
TELL US ABOUT JOHN MCMICKLE AND THE "COUNCIL FOR UROLOGICAL INTERESTS", CHUCK.  DOCTORS KILLING PEOPLE.  YOU TOOK THEIR $$$.
You and your GOP pals are promoting a dictator. You are not looking out for the people. Trump's oversight is tyranny.
Ask him to tell the TRUTH #alternativefacts Don't normalize lies!
<= complains about #Obama's transparency, but supports 1st President NOT to release tax returns in recent history? #hypocrite
No, Trump will destroy the America we love. Country over Power.

Last night @CarlBernstein said DC Republicans are raising concerns about Trump's "emotional maturity, stability" 
what???????? Why in the world would you think that?
sure they will, wink wink, by opening black sites and silencing federal employees. How much hv you been paid to say this?
then you are as delusional as the President.
much like the @potus, you've discovered that typing in all caps makes things true "achievement unlocked"
but still, O was vast improvement over every R administration. Truth in context please?
"I KNOW PresTrump will help me do my oversight." #alternativefact
As long as you continue to bow and kiss his ring @realDonaldTrump will let you do oversight....
Sir, we're WAY beyond party lines here.  He is a clear/present danger to the Constitution you serve and I enlisted to uphold.
Trump is no friend to open democracy. He's a delusional autocrat.
lol hope you like disappointment Senator
Grassley Is a disappointment!
These tweets are cryptic. Sounds like you want TRUMP™ to help you investigate Obama on lack of transparency? #irony ?
Will you live up to your own commitments to combat conflicts of interest in health care by voting against Price?
Ask him to release his tax returns.
.@ChuckGrassley you are being facetious, clearly. @realDonaldTrump will NEVER let you oversee his work or provide any check on Exec power.
Can you help me understand how a gag order on the EPA will help with oversight? Thank you for your service to Iowans!
Trump has a Gag Order for USDA & Others Too!
There is always FOIA.  The only way that Trump will help you would be if you keep holding up appointments.
