Investigate McCabe he is corrupt drain the swamp- sewer
What are the Judicial committee good for ?.
The corrupt Lynch .Rice. Clapper. COMEY  who  followed Lynch order to the teeth about HRC.
YOUR THE ONE CAUSED TROUBLE BETWEEN OUR @POTUS AND @AGJeff_Sessions  (YOU SAID PRESIDENT COULD CALL YOU ANY TIME)
YOU SHOULD OF! UNDERMINING
YOUR THE ONE CAUSED TROUBLE BETWEEN OUR @POTUS AND @AGJeff_Sessions  (YOU SAID PRESIDENT COULD CALL YOU ANY TIME)
YOU SHOULD OF! UNDERMINING
Trouble Maker' !!!  Between Mr.President
And friend @AGJeffBSessions 
@GrassleyPress
I am ashamed that you represent me.
Make that three. You are 2nd only to Steve King in embarrassing our state.

Don't you think it would have been fair to the @POTUS for him to know who could only do part of the job like in Sessions?
Please stay out of Iowa you donot represent anything good in this country. Child killer.
Matthew 4:23: “And Jesus went to all the villages, healing all manner of sickness among only those who had no pre-existing conditions.”
what the hell does this say gramps?
Another day of being a water boy for corrupt Trump. We see you.
How dare you tell me in an email you're proud of your work on Medicaid and then vote how you did today?? Disgrace.

I will never understand how politicians who call themselves Christian can read the Gospels and then treat the poor and the sick like dirt.
Another nomination hearing today in Judicial Comm. One priority is to move judicial noms/appointments to the floor for full Sen approval.
This is how you write tweets people can understand.
Your priority should be voting against the MTP on an immoral bill that will result in unnecessary deaths of Iowans. #disgrace
What bill? They haven't announced what they're voting on.
All the possibilities are bad. https://twitter.com/ASlavitt/status/889682096758951936 …  Go read @ASlavitt's tweets from the last hour.
3. People lose site that the fundamentals of the bill have been unchanged since Day 1.

These 10 things have been true SINCE THE START. 
Everyone here..health care is NOT A RIGHT! Everyone must pay their share. I support myself, family.  Not my problem to pay 4 freeloaders!
i agree with that, but how can u explain insurance companies charging $1800 for 2 people per month before #obamacare, thats robbery
Bought and sold!
WHY THE HECK CAN'T YOU WRITE COMPLETE WORDS AND SENTENCES LIKE A GROWN MAN SO WE DON'T HAVE TO BREAK YOUR PUZZLE CODE EACH TIME!
You're senility is showing.
Hi, I'm an Iowan whose injuries from NYC 9/11/2001 are now pre-existing conditions. I see you.
Woohoo more traitors in government. Now that congress &executive infiltrated by traitors, let's sell judiciary to too. God ur disgusting
Time to stop corrupt LAZY Useless senators good for nothing .
Not even to repeal OBAMACARE 
Meantime we are suffering
Judicial Committee is one side investigation 
Drain the swamp- sewer.
Sessions is hiding something !
Why he reclused himself !!?.
Oh NOW it's priority? You are nothing more than a partisan obstructionist!
Do u remember the fake intel.given to reports via WH?What did u want to happen when u gave it to the reporters?Karma
Hey old man!  You're obviously on the take.  Why don't you serve the country and retire!!!
Still def.ending trump the russian puppet gop out in 18
No one understands your abbreviated tweets. It's like trying to read a teens cryptic texts so parents don't understand.  Geez
Because of O'care, my family suffers. I can't afford other's healthcare. I am now one paycheck from bankruptcy because of damn freeloaders
So you'd move an appointment to the full Senate without an underlying nominee? 'Cause that's as absurd as today's healthcare bill 'debate'.
@ChuckGrassley when are you starting investigation into Clinton campaign and Ukraine
Americans including myself is fed up with the government  double standard. When are you going to call Clinton in for her Russian connection?
Please RT this message to Grassley.
FIRE SESSIONS- HES USELESS & TRUMP SUPPORTERS HAVE HAD ENOUGH WITH PEOPLE WORKING AGAINST TRUMP- VOTE USELESS REPUBLICANS OUT OF OFFICE TOO!
You're a sellout & a hypocrite!  Now in a hurry to move nominations, but not the black president's noms?! History will judge you harshly!
Senator Grassley, you don't have to cram your whole statement into 1 tweet lol.
We The People demand that u sit before our panel.We want to clarify what duties we expect from a senator serving us.
Hi Chuck.




Any senator who votes yes on the motion to proceed today has lost the right to be taken seriously when complaining about process, for life
Once they get approval, they'll get some of that sweet sweet government healthcare, rt?
Please please vote no. Save our healthcare, save our country. End this nightmare please. @GOP=gov't of Putin. @SenateGOP #ACA #KillTheBill
Go Sen Grassley!
about time where are President Trumps appointments why all the stalling who is running things GOP or democrats?
Finally someone is getting into action Obstructionist r cheering 2 the sound of certain gop ers knees knocking n fear!Very unhappy with all!
Republicans need to press in without the democrats obstructionist.
@POTUS MOVE to appoint ALL of them now. U are so focused on the "russia lie" it is sickening to the population. Maybe U should be a Democrat
Your job is to also protect Iowans. Vote no on #trumpcare!! Be on the kind side of history.
Which health care bill will be voted on today? 
Another reminder how much Chuck loves the Russians & Trump.
Lol well out
Cyber Chief only worked for Alpha Bank last year. FBI's Chief Wray JUST divulged he was billing NJ 7 days a wk MONTHS. Just rush em thru
ur top priority should be ensuring that the nominees are qualified, competent and not corrupt
Take Down The CLINTON' we have Proof ! UNSECURED SERVERS 
EMAIL'S HACKED! By Russia !
And DELETED !! CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES
TO FOREIGN ENTITIES
... but only after a popularly-elected prez was replaced with one who lost popular vote by 3M, but who joined your party. #RememberGarland
Another day of taking the cowards way out, thes sessions should be public. Afraid of Trump? Maybe you should be afraid of voters.
Ru 2 busy trying 2 obstruct justice & strip health care from 15 million people 2 type real words 2day?
How about outlining your reasons for voting for this healthcare bill that you haven't even seen today?  That's a much more pressing topic
Is this still going on? Sure makes us voters and constituents wonder.
Not sure what your strategy will do. Can you please post a bit more info.
Another Grassley tweet ignoring the upcoming healthcare vote. Have you taken any time to consider human costs and consequences?
Hi Chuck, pretty sure there's some sort of healthcare bill up for a vote today. Care to lay out the benefits of voting yes?
