And then YOU can explain how you plan to repay the $2.6 trillion you stole from Social Security. OK Chucky?
Maybe try sending him that condescending form letter your office sent to me. Really made me feel better. Oh wait...
Is there a reason why you can't do it? FYI phones and email exist; you don't have to be physically in the White House.
This request isn't going to benefit @POTUS directly, so good luck getting an answer anytime soon...
I think you will have to get his attention. A hearing on the #EmolumentsClause should do the trick.
THE GOP knows Trump is not only mentally ill but dangerous. You are so consumed with power you neglect your duty
Did you know that if you use his Twitter handle, like this: @POTUS will get a notification?
You broke, you bought it. You support a man (DT) with NO moral center, no ethical center, & he will rob us blind
already happening
Don't confirm Sessions until you have what you are asking for. It's the only leverage you have now.
hahahaha. Good luck.
his is lying to you too-why are you surprised
I'll believe you when I see the Senate do something.
drive one mile to his new house and tell him. don't be useless.
To be fair, Twitter ain't a bad way to get his attention...or maybe Fox News will feature the tweet
but he needs to actually direct the tweet by using the @ sign and twitter handle...
There is that
I hope somebody in the WH explain to Trump the entire purpose of the WH & the way it is supposed to FUNCTION. A politi. now!
@JoshRosner This Senator should have committed to oversight of the FHFA when they violated HERA. But this Senator did nothing
now you complain?  Always behind the times aren't ya?  Do your job
I hope someone in Grassley's office will show him how to tweet @realDonaldTrump so he actually sees his "next Twitter"
Too late, Chuck. Time to go to Defcon 3...
tough day with Sen Franken and Sen Cronyn. Thank you for letting Sen. Franken continue when Sen. Cronyn tried to stop him.
Isn't this what you wanted?  DJT is doing what was expected..what he wants to whomever, however. Now do your job. Protect us!
Sorry, Senator ~ your man is an unhinged fraud with no idea how this works. Good luck to you representing your constituents.
I Thought you worried about what was on History Ch & Twitter & getting Your Cookies &'Milk?
Watched SESSIONS TILLERSON PRICE LIE UNDER OATH? PERJURY! CONFIRMED? WE WOULD BE JAILED. PLZ CALL THIS OUT. CONFIRMED HOW?
You abrogated that responsibility when you refused to even consider a Supreme Court nominee.
Iowans have cherished you for decades but if you don't act against trump now, you'll let us all down. Please do something.
For once, don't lead the do-nothings. Your legacy is crumbling every minute you don't. Stand up to the idiocy.
somebody explain to ObstructChuck what Karma is.   Retire.  You're an embarrassment to Iowa and don't represent our beliefs.
Thank you, Sir. @DCYRs @NYYRC @NRO @weeklystandard @Morning_Joe
What are you going to do to prevent this madman from lifting the sanctions on Russia before the investigation is done??
@Angela2932 @POTUS is an illigitimate Political Terrorist. Oversight? That ship sailed with you on it with your Captain.
 We're doomed.
refuse to hold hearings on SCOTUS nomination until he submits to ethics review and discloses conflict of interests and tax returns
Talk to him directly. Tell him. That should work. At least the explaining part. The understanding part is a different story.
Why don't you try doing your job. Talk to him yourself.
You really expect a response from him. That's just sad.
as a business man I find it best 2address the issue face to face. This way the person is clear on who is asking, no alt-facts
@realDonaldTrump hasn't replied, must not follow you... #sad
Isn't that your job?
Maybe you should do something about your mentally incapacitated Republican president.

It's Friday. How many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today? They are an environmental & aesthetic disaster.
Donald Trump retweet cites Iowans' 'issues in the brain' @CNNPolitics
Stand up to him.  You know, like you did with Obama?
you should. You're a senator, and chair of a committe he'll nomjnate someone for. Go tell him.
hey if Alec Baldwin does it he might listen. Call SNL
I'll believe you that it's important when I see action rather than tweets.
you really thought he would grow after the election? Chuck are you showing signs of dementia??
was this written while huddled in the bathroom? Hope someone can tell the senator how important this question is.
He doesn't care about what it means to you, and why on earth are you surprised??
Can you explain to @realDonaldTrump how important the environment is to our existence?
@betsy_klein That seems like a heavy lift considering he still doesn't understand what war crimes are.
You could have told him yourself yesterday .... if you were awake
You lie like Trump.
It's really cute that you think he's paying any attentiom to your tweets. He doesn't give a damn about your oversight.
I hope somebody explains to you how SAVING THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT is to us
Only one thing is important to Trump and that's Trump.
.@ChuckGrassley you should've read more fables as a kid, Chucky.
You should have thought of that before you blindly voted for him. He will bypass Congress at every turn includlng SCOTUS.
Here’s a free idea: You do it.
I hope somebody in the Senate will demand financial records from the President so we know who owns his loyalty.
@cbs2iowa You could tweet him. Seems to be his preferred method of communication.
TELL HIM IN A PUBLIC FORUM! We got your back
Are you drunk?
Thank you for calling him out. Seems he doesn't respect you.
That's a good start Chuck. Perhaps, since you're interested in consistency, you will also indefinitely stall his SC pick.
"Oversight" @ChuckGrassley
can you remind your house colleague @jasoninthehouse how important oversight is for both Dem AND Rep presidents? @betsy_klein
@potus only cares about himself. You need to find a way to make oversight important to him.
Maybe you can explain to them why they shouldn't be using private e-mails. http://www.newsweek.com/trump-emails-rnc-reince-priebus-white-house-server-548191 …
Um, the RNC is a private organization. As long as they don't use it for official business they are fine.
Make @joniernst tell him.
Have they sopped taking your calls, Senator? You know you could tell them.
you literally made me laugh out loud. NOW you want to pretend you care about oversight of Trump? Sad.
@realDonaldTrump Trump will do the splainin round here. Get over it.
maybe someone from the GOP 'leadership'?
This gives me a slight glimmer of hope @ChuckGrassley please dont give @realDonaldTrump a rubber stamp. Important now as he shows true color
it's sad when you realize your hero is really not what you thought. Don't worry you still have Dairy Queens
Make him learn the hard way if you have to, I'm sure the senate won't do that though.
I hope somebody will explain to Senator Grassley that his oversight role on Cabinet appointees is a sacred trust.
Senator, you knew who this man was from Day One and still wanted him to be president. We reap what we sow.
maybe you shouldn't have allowed a lawless president to operate unchecked for 8 years. Can't put the genie back in the bottle
Pathetic!  R's have Prez, Senate, House, 32 guvs, 33 legislatures, but today's blame falls on Media (no), liberals (no)..OBAMA.
Apparently you haven't figured out that @POTUS doesn't DO "oversight." Your job is to rubber stamp his autocratic whims.
I hope somebody will explain to Senator Grassley that gagging federal agencies is undemocratic not to mention unethical
is it though? I mean will you actually investigate @realDonaldTrump or just placate America?
Droll. Irony or fantasy, I can't decide which.
@joshchafetz You aren't allowed to tell him Yourself? Call Ivanka and say, "Girlfriend? Can you tell your dad something?"
I hope somebody will explain to Senator Grassley that our environment should be protected for our children and grandchildren
I wish somebody would explain to Senator Grassley that Iowans believe in following constitutional law for SCOTUS appointee
is the fact that you're tweeting this mean the senate has no line of comm with our new dictator?  Scary
Tell him yourself.

Don't be a pussy.

Grab him by the short hairs and tell him how important it is.
oversee DEEZ NUTS
you were in his office yesterday
yes. As much oversight as possible please. 
Make sure you and your colleagues vote that way too. THANK YOU! (And tell leadership @SenateMajLdr needs to wake up.)
I hope somebody will explain to Senator Grassley that Iowans want him to speak out against the rape of our public lands.
That's your responsibility.  Why do you say that, though?  Thank you for your commitment to our country and Constitution.
Nice of you to care about oversight again after 8 years of Obama.
Pathetic Liar TRUMP will derain swamp No justice for 99%, We have traitor COngress,senate. NFLX $60B LOOT PONZI SCHEME Revel
NETFLIX $60B loot Encyclopedia debate with Fraud Congress now http://variety.com/2016/biz/news/reed-hastings-slams-donald-trump-1201802091/ … … … … … DRAIN THE SWAMP
Dude... come on, you know no one will.
you are kidding right?  @POTUS does not care about oversight
Here’s a thought: Tell him directly. Problem solved!
What's the matter, he not taking your calls
try tweeting more
