there is nothing the IRS or Equifax touches that is "safe".
…and with a no-bid contract, no less. Does IRS read the news?
"IF"?! @ChuckGrassley It HAS been for...ever! WOW, your ignorance is stunning. You really are in an old white man's bubble.
#BLUE2018
- where is Lerner IRS testify on motives !
#MerrickGarland
Absolutely insane to contract with @Equifax for security of taxpayer information - Kill this contract

How about stop passing laws that favor bizness.  The cash flow stops for you if you do that, amirite?
Stay on this @ChuckGrassley
How about NO! Shut that place down, and put those guys in jail.  #EquifaxFraud #ThievesAndLiars  #InsiderTrading #CarelessHacks

how about you get trump to show his taxes? a bit more revenant don't ya think?

No way. This needs to be cancelled
Why did IRS award Equifax $7.25M no-bid contract? Equifax already showed it can’t keep taxpayer info safe. Why is IRS rewarding failure?
I sent this via @botresist 2 all my MOCs this am. #SJ47 nullifies a rule regarding arbitration.  Ur MOCs & urge them to vote #NoSJ47!

Grassley staffer says the Judiciary Cmte isn't running a full Trump-Russia probe, just routine oversight of DOJ. https://www.thedailybeast.com/senate-russia-probe-is-not-really-investigating-russia-staffers-say …
Why you so scared of the dossier ?
Trump conspired to make sure Iowa's insurance marketplace wouldn't get fixed.  Is this what Iowans want?  What did Chuck do about it?
Let's worry about the Russians and the integrity of our election process!
The hammer should fall @Equifax and the US gov't should take complete control until hearings r held & verdict rendered !! #Thieves
Hey we agree on something! Speaking of taxpayers, we want to see Trump's tax returns now please.
Speaking of taxpayer information... when will you stop blocking Trump’s taxes from being revealed?
$38 MILLION IN 2005 wasn't enough?!? 

Just like Trump taxpayer information is public so its safe for US citizens to have him as president. Right?
Need to vote some gun control
What about IRS breach? What about $5B dollar non-functioning  ACA Obamacare website? What about Yahoo revealing breach was really 3B people?
What are you doing about gun control?!?!?
How about we don't do business with them at all. How about we work on healthcare and gun legislation instead?
Or is it??? DON’T do business with them.  Wouldn’t that be the smarter & more responsible thing to do.
We could regulate the banking industry but that would piss off your donors.
Support bump stock legislation introduced by Diane Feinstein - you owe it to Iowans.
COMMON SENSE GUN LAWS!!!!!!!!!!
I agree with you on this one. This is bananas
why would they continue with a company would failed in the first place?
Don't do it.
Is that before or after they were given a no bid contract?
FYI Equifax not safe. Your circular argument makes no sense!
What are they thinking? Other than lowest contract bid for basement Equifax services?
How about our election breach!!!!!! Your lack of concern now is going to come back and bite you on the ass BIGLY!
GOOD WEDNESDAY, @ChuckGrassley w/ @SenFeinstein  TRUTH
How moronic for crooked IRS to do business with other inept business
It affected all adults who have ever made a major purchase, had a credit card or atm card, applied for loan. Huge problem!
Seen when r u going to hold Comey Brennen Lynch n powers accountable. This Russian hoax makes u look foolish
Why are any of the Obama era IRS employees still there?
No way to do that, Senator. The data is already out of the bag; the horse is gone cuz the firewall was left open. #cornpone
How? They shd be banned fr govt business FOREVER. And everyone they ever held the data of should have their credit history reset to perfect.
Blaming others for their failures. You and OPM lost millions of highly sensitive information on goverment employees. This info already used.
Isn't it really too early to talk about Equifax?
NO. 
IRS MUST FIRE EQUIFAX AND FIND NEW VENDOR
Or, and stick with me on this, don't do business with them.
Clearly someone got paid on this deal Chuck.  Who was it?  This has cronyism written all over it.  #cronyism
How about focusing on gun legislation and your evidence that Trump covered up the "Trump-Russia thing"?
How about Congress protects the people from these profit mongering credit agencies?!? That'd be nice too.
How much loot share Fraud Grassley you have with Goldman Sachs,Netflix Insider $60B loot racket on Fraud Wall ST??
How can you even consider  it after That? You gamble with our privacy and info. This says the govt doesn't care! We the People!
How about they do not deserve that kind of contract ever
and they will hire equifax to verify that IRS tax payer information is safe.  Kinda like hiring the fox to guard the hen house
Seems like a "moronic" decision....
“… if doing biz w Equivax”
Wow. That’s some confusion.
Given recent Equifax breach the IRS needs 2make clear &demonstrate that taxpayer information is safe if doing biz w Equifax
We have data security requirements by banks for Credit Card encryption & storage. Government should require that of social security numbers.
This doesn't cut it. Weak
Well, isn't it too late? Ever heard of being pro active?

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
You are a Senator in the majority - Please do more than tweet about it.  ACT!  PROVIDE OVERSIGHT!! Hold the administration responsible!
WE the people need new SSN
How much loot share Fraud Grassley you have with Goldman Sachs,Netflix Insider $60B loot racket on Fraud Wall ST??
Why should that company be under consideration whatsoever?
