You can't even hold yourself accountable. How are you going to hold anyone else accountable?
The Dossier has been increasingly corroborated Chuck. The investigation began before receiving the Dossier Chuck! I smell GOP cover up!
Hey Chuck. Have you thought about the fact that Flynn, Manafort, Page, Stone and others have been exposed as lying traitors already?
Trump did the right thing by firing Comey.
When will we find out you've been bought by #Russians too? What does #Putin have on you? #Putinspuppet
It's an even more  important role to move forward Supreme Court Justice nominations too, but you never did that did you? #HangItUpChuck
I'll take a whistle blowing patriot over an obstructing traitor any day of the week. We see your priorities and are disappointed.
Time to Retire you Partisan #Traitor #PartyB4Country Absolutely #Shameful how take investigation down #RepubRabbitHole Do your Job
That is Chuck Grassley with Russians who have ties to Putin and Russia. #TrumpRussia
Chuck if you support this repeal of ACA i will campaign against you.
Thank you for your Andrew McCabe question!  Cheryl Mills demanded fix and McCabe's wife was convinced to run for office, all wk of 5/2/2015
Aaaand you wasted precious time on Clintons. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
You're too old and entrenched in the swamp to represent you constituents. You should resign before Trump's sinking ship brings you down.
Stay on topic you wandering into your personal battles with @JamesComeyFBI #RussianCollusion and #Election2017 #RussianInterference #USA
Trump was wrong for firing #Comey an you will pay in the next election.
And you tried to create a smokescreen to protect the traitor trump. You are an embarrassment.
YOUR Committee?  Do you own it?

Chuck. I'm a constituent. What's up with this? Have your ethics sunk this low?
You've got to put the pressure on him. Call his office.
Americans will not tolerate GOP obstruction of the Trump/Russia investigation.
Mr. @ChuckGrassley why are u covering up? Do u not want us to get to the bottom of this for the safety of America? Did they blackmail u too?
It's MADDENING watching him make a mockery of hearings! He should be fired & INVESTIGATED! He Can't charge Huma w/out HRC!
That damage butt Comey continues to be only towards democrats. You have nothing to worry about.  All will be swept away for Republicans
You failed at life.Morality.Your wife. And I am gandering by now that your children see thru your sham of a life How can you sleep christian
Americans don't believe Huma didn't know what she was doing she knew she kept them for insurance!
Why hasn't Rice been questioned? Why is FBI using group directly lobbying for Russia and working with ex-GRU agent? Why is IC politicized?
Good to see you serve Russia well & are a loyal Trump puppet fighting against America.
Who was sitting behind you at today's hearing? Transparency...
How did the sailor get a year in jail for taking pics in a sub?  There was no criminal intent. Yet Hillary & Huma get a pass??
How about You & the Republicans hold Trump accountable for breaking the laws and hacking Election with the Russians
You are a joke, this is nothing more than smoke and mirrors. #unfit
.@ChuckGrassley and you are an agent of the Banking Cartel and refused an oversight role you hypocrite   
https://s3.amazonaws.com/khudes/Twitter11.30.16.pdf …
you and your committee are a joke Chuck #timetoretireChuck
The first 2 agencies u should hold accountable are @CDCgov & @US_FDA. U R all a joke! Vaccines are poisoning kids! #CDCwhistleblower #WeDid
You would think an experienced senior senator could write properly in all forms of communication.  You are embarrassing education in NH, IA.
And Congress is supposed to hold the president accountable and increase transparency.   How's that coming, Chuck?
Comey was about as transparent as an armored truck.
You are very transparent. We all see through your tactics to stall Trump/Russia investigation. I just wonder what Trump's promised you.
Don't be a part of the problem Chuck. Find your center & #DoYourJob it is vital you #InvestigateRussia b4 u become a part of the narrative.
and you did your best to downplay the Russia connection 
#Comey should not have inserted himself in the election to begin with. He lied under oath-#FBI is politicized and has compromised the #Truth
Hold @POTUS accountable for Russia!
You should be held accountable for your actions, Senator.
Great job sir! Thank God for Judicial Watch! 
So, why were u more interested in HRC and Weiner than Russia & Trump? Oh, Yes..I forgot...you just carry water for GOP & Trump..not honesty
Oh really,
increasing transparency?   I didn't get the impression you had looked at or  understood the questions before you read them aloud!
Why didn't you grill him on Trump collaboration w Russia, treason & Trump-Russia ruining electoral process? That's main issue @SenFeinstein
You're such a partisan hack! For once, start putting country before party. Otherwise, you too will go down with the ship.
We need an investigation opened up on YOU!
Chuckie are you Souce A in the dossier? Maybe source B. You were mad about the dossier today. You in it?
Actually that's OUR committee and you wasted OUR time by going over old news while ignoring that violations of emoluments clause and treason
Ask yourself if you really are getting the job done
I know this is Twitter, but you are a US senator. Speak proper English.
Perhaps a hearing should be held regarding your violation of Emoluments by hosting an event @ Trump Hotel.  #resign
What did you learn from the hearing? What further actions will you take? 

We are watching you
And you focused on emails. SMH.

