 RELEASE THE PEE PEE TAPES 
Did you mean "wet your pants" or wet your pants?
You are the one wetting your pants now.
you saw that photo op of the prez in the tractor/trailer didn't you Chuck! He would have let u blow the horn too.
.@ChuckGrassley -- What is it you are trying to say? Can you rewrite this tweet please? It doesn't make any sense to read.
My immigrant students have a better command of English.
I don't wet anything waiting for GOP to wake up. Keep driving that wedge Chucky and you and your pals will be the minority.
see ya later corn exports!!
Pretty cheap shot from a guy ready for Depends, Chuck.
are you anti-punctuation?
What exactly was your grade in English - or grammar as it was called back then?
did u have a stroke?
I've taught grade school kids who would act more mature than this tweet.  Grow up.
Such a dopey tweet! You are one dim bulb for a US Senator!
just like health care
You never make sense.
Charles over here starting the weekend early.
Reply to @ChuckGrassley You are a weird treasure, Chuck, but think it's time to retire.
<<== age related dementia is a terrible thing
Don't lower yourself to such crass and juvenile puns.  Be the gentleman we elected.  Rise above.
because he's SUCH a deal closer ;giggle:
Based on what Chuck?  What has he done so far? Failed travel ban, failed health care legislation, Russian connections. Where is the winning?
like the travel ban, healthcare, he delivers alright 
What. Are. You. Talking. About. #seriouslythough @PatGrassley what you say??? #GOPgibberish
checks and balances...Senate is not actually supposed to be beholden to treasonous Pres...back to school for you
please choose your words more carefully. You are a United States Senator, sir.
oh yeah? LOL. DT's got your back, hasn't he?
Obama left a terrible mess.  He left the White House in the tiny hands of a compulsive liar.
Senator, the Trumpist vulgarity doesn't suit your midwestern demeanor...
classic chuck right here 
Or 'wet your pants?'
Or will the new pres @jaredkushner deliver? Are you guys seriously going to allow non elected businessman w/Russian ties to rule us?
Yep, so-called president wet his pants today but #Repugs don't deliver.
Look at u Chuckles!  Tossin some mad word salad around up in here.
rwhat

m
Um, what? Did u miss yr nap today, forget yr meds? Seriously dude, just because 45 has illogical tweets does not make it ok.
Ferber us while S photos jubjub humming hummina
huh 
sycophant to a pathological liar, have some integrity!
sure!
Just like he did on healthcare!
LOLOLOLOL!
you are an embarrassment to the United State Senate. Retire!
you see the news lately chuck?
Trumpcare, of course
Were adult diapers covered by Trumpcard before it was pulled?
Yes, he's sure showing he has the guts for tough leg. battles, isn't he? #TrumpCare #AHCA
WTH? It's time for you to move on. Disgraceful.
if he wet his pants he might have a serious health issue that wouldn't be covered under the GOP's shitty health bill
Like he delivered on healthcare? Or not giving his kids clearances? Or a lobbying ban? Or his immigration ban?
what? You make no sense at all... Don't try to be like Trump and tweet random crap. It's not becoming.
you tweet similarly to Pat Robertson. which is not a great comparison.
For Chuck Grassley, every day is World Poetry Day.
Are you sure you can lead a good investigation or are you going to due a nunez trick @SenFeinstein @TheJusticeDept
um...what?
. @ChuckGrassley L! M! F! A! O! at YOU chiding someone on courage. Feckless little weenie.
Chuckles isn't it time for bed for you?
ur an idiot!
dude what?
Senator, Trumps stance on trade changed when the Chinese paid him off. It was in the news.
Like he did on healthcare?
Yah, he'll deliver a whole lotta bullshit 
#DontheCon
you certainly are a classy guy, just like your leader
he always keeps his word [eye-roll].
Just like he repealed and replaced ObamaCare...
The President likes when people "wet their pants" @ChuckGrassley. He likes pee-pee.
didn't y'all and trump just pissed your pants when the healthcare bill died
More importantly, what are u going to do about @DevinNunes & the Russia investigation? Need independent commission like 9/11.
Gonna need an ind commission to bring spy agencies to heel, as well as @TheDemocrats misuse of intel
Why can't you write a proper tweet like any normal professional? You're a politician! A big one!
Just like yesterday and today? Weak pres*
Are you drinking?
My guy Charles out here tryna write the most incomprehensible tweets
today being a good example of...oh wait
.@ChuckGrassley how very unprofessional of you. You should be ashamed.
just like he did in health care, right?
