Too bad your not! Love the way you ignored Roseneft ties
@senjudiciary @senorrinhatch @OrrinHatch  I will say ONE thing about Dems; they stick together no matter what!

GOP? They are traitors!
@senjudiciary @senorrinhatch @OrrinHatch  WHAT are you Senators thinking? Releasing FAKE INFO on Trump Dossier? ARE you kidding us? NO WAY!
Let's hope Director Wray investigates and corrects: FBI Vetting cover-up. I'm fmr FBI Unit Chief, & I penned:
http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/homeland-security/335208-the-case-for-protecting-americas-intelligence-agency … … …
Will Director Wray investigate the Clinton-Lynch secret tarmac meeting?
So the FusionGPS pulled a fast one on you, huh? They must know Hillary or Comey.
Independence from politics means
Prosecuting corrupt @TheDemocrats 
To the fullest extent of the law!
Rule of Law is for all
up Hillary etc
In case you need more proof about Trumps "Fitness For Duty" , his meds causes these affects 
ICYMI: Trump has for many years taken a vanity hair loss drug known to cause memory problems and mental confusion http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/trump-propecia-haiir-loss_us_58936376e4b06f344e4058a6?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 …
Hoping he will investigate the CDC crimes related to Lyme testing.  Someone needs to go to jail for what was done!!
And having worked for a Russian bank didn't hurt him either. #ImpeachTrumpNow
@senjudiciary @senorrinhatch @OrrinHatch

This President has never had a fair chance since sworn in! Everyone against him and now this?
Hopefully DOJ / FBI / Congress will finally start holding the prior ADMIN ACCOUNTABLE !!

#Tarmac #AwanBrothers
AMERICAN's need to have RESTORED CONFIDENCE in OUR system of JUSTICE.
@TGowdySC "witnesses have 2 have confidence in the justice system, the jurors...& the public has 2 have confidence"
Today would be a good day to revoke Kushner's security clearance for filing false disclosures.
SALUTE: DIRECTOR CHRISTOPHER WRAY
@senjudiciary @SenateMajLdr   Already flipping channels; MSNBS Maddow and Larry licking their Chops that you'll release Dossier? OMG WHY??
Trump has time to call the White House "a dump" and cover for Donald Jr, but he doesn't have time to sign the #RussiaSanctionsBill?
Today would be good day for Trump to release his tax returns.
@senjudiciary @senorrinhatch @OrrinHatch

I can only assume you men are retiring. If you release Dossier; you are finished! WHY DO THIS?
@SenThomTillis   I have never seen such back stabbing in my life in one party! Dems protected Obama for 8yrs and they had SCANDALS!
@SenThomTillis  STOP working with the ENEMY!  The DEMS are out to destroy Trump! They want him gone and you should be protecting him!
@SenThomTillis  IF YOU MEN KEEP working the DEMS to Restrain @realDonaldTrump and take away his given powers; WE WILL Replace YOU all!
Why have you allowed Mueller to set up his own fiefdom without any oversite and any control over spending?
Now go get the Clintons, Holder & Lynch.
metabot translation: We let Trump pick an FBI director because we have no sense of integrity or interest in doing what's right.
So lame I see your work keep up the lies no one agrees.  The only bigoted person on that discussion was a member from CNN!
Chuck you're dealing with a traitor .. Donald Trump .. realize it ..
Can we expect the same dedication from you, Senator? #CountryBeforeParty
Nationalists are not socialists, we are fare trade and searching for methods to protect the innocent and disadvantaged! End pay to play!
Independence from SWAMP is most important. Many Representatives are basically criminals. They are afraid. Bad times ahead for them..
And how many did Comey get? And then what happened? Ten year term - you can abuse your power any which way you can?
Lets hope so.  We've just about had it with DNC and previous administration overreach and seditious behavior since Nov w/OFA army of 30,000
Stop funding Muellers Biased legal team against Trump start prosecuting Clapper changing unmasking rules in 2013 who authorized it
No confidence in ANY Grassley/Ernst vote. No matter what. You do not have the interest if the people of Iowa. Only Mitch  #Partisanplayer
Those things didn't seem to protect James Comey very well, but, okay let's give it another go.
You sure Trump isn't going to ask him to bend the knee?
No Obama's out of office thank goodness, the king is gone! Found himself a political system he believes in more.  I believe he's in Iran.

If only we could say the same thing about you and your ilk.
Isn't it amazing what can happen when you pass a qualified person along?
Yeah, liberal morons on Twitter multiply like bunnies in heat.
Does any1 else notice how "independence" & "dedication to Constitution & rule of law" are never brought up w/ lib appointees?
Good now can u do job find out why FBI was trying to by dossier ? And how songbird mccain acquired it gave to Comey ? Do job now !
He better have integrity. We can't depend on Congress to perform credible oversight on the corrupt, deranged Trump administration.
#bot
says Chuck Grassley who violated his constitutional oath to install an unconstitutional justice.
LMMFAO
Mr. Grassley I believe you should look into these
Leave it to Democrats the hire terrorist supporters to run their IT systems. Democrats are a bigger threat than Isis. 
#AwanBrothers https://twitter.com/housecracka/status/891796485863612416 …

He should probably start with @realDonaldTrump Obstructing Justice, Colluding w/a Foreign Govt, and violating Emolument Clause--2 name a few
Why hasn't Trump signed the Russia Sanctions bill Senator?
Merrick Garland. We will hang this around your neck until the end of your days and it will destroy your legacy. #GOPinCrisis
Difficult to understand how a guy under FBI investigation can fire then nominate new FBI director.
You obviously have not done your research. Dude took money defending Christie without a contract, and knowing he was paid from taxpayer $$
Let's see if he is true to his testimony before the committee.
Obstruction of justice You are Letting Trump get away with it! Do Your Job!
Don't count on it Grassley.
T wouldn't have nominated Wray if he thought he would be independent. T wants him to report directly to him.
Unlike Comey -
You make me laugh! Is there anybody you've confirmed that doesn't have ties to Russia?
Yes - Hillary, days in office zip zilch - ties to Russia, hundreds 
Not in the mood for delusional idiots. Bye bye!
Says every Russian troll with no intelligence - SAD
Yes it is sad that you are dumbing down our country. MAGA Trumpsters are the Russian trolls. Putin puppets! Not patriots either!
That's what Comey said too...
Will he fire and prosecute the acting Dir Mcgee?
I'm sorry but I'm finding it Very Difficult to feel SAFE knowing 45 nominated him. He is a corrupt frightening BULLY
There are safe spaces for you I hear, with like crayons and stuff
Hmmm... hope that's true
Will he investigate the Clinton cartel and Debbie Wasserman Schultz?
His firm on the Trump RR: Represented Russia
Fake
@ChuckGrassley Please stand up for Iowans against the abusive, deceptive & immoral Trump administration.
Please do not speak for Iowans Maria.
Now You have to Let him do his Job & Keep out of It until you get to Vote to Impeach Trump! As we All Know he is Guilty!
Sad since he's part of the #DeepState
Not loyal to US, loyal to Pence #Globalist
Now if only you could make that pledge
u sure they dont have something on him now, sessions sucks, he a chicken shit, scared to go after real criminals like killary and comey
Now can we have trump, jr, kushner, aides & all testify under oath. Clear the trump campaign or prosecute all who collude/lie/obstruct @cnn
Please inform the President of how our govt works, so he knows FBI is independent from his rule.
Realize he's tied into the Chris Christie mess? By MILLIONS of dollars. No ethics!
But you'd better keep an eye on him just the same, Chuck.
We need more of this. As a general rule 51-49 votes are terrible for the country, regardless of which side has the 51.
Sure chuck
Too bad you did not have Comey promise.  Term Limits Now
Thank you sir for being a beacon of truth . May God richly Bless you ,Amen
I hope you will still support him when he works to help our President #DrainTheSwamp, now please do your job and investigate Hillary!
Wish you would make the same promise and start defending the rule of law and constitution from the traitor in the White House
Thank god. Is there finally an FBI director not bought off?
I'm confused why the swamp creatures that stand to be exposed would vote for that though?  I hope you're right, for America's sake.

Do we demand "independence from politics" MORE for Republican than for Democrat nominees? If so, WHY, and isn't it unfair, PLUS bad for USA?
Thank you for investigating FUSION GPS & "Dossier"! If @RepAdamSchiff says "you cant get info from foreigners", democrats cant either!
Because the "Fusion-Dossier" was created with info FROM Russia! So why is it OK for Democrats to collude w/Russia to get dirt on @POTUS?
I think an investigation into FBI & Obama Admin being FOOLED by Russia & Putin into thinking Trumps colluding. Russia TRICKED Obama, PERIOD!
The Russians were able to help create a Dossier with #Disinformation, which is a Russian SOP, and infiltrate the Obama Admin & the US IC!
Then he should b filing charges soon against Comey for his illegal leaks. And against Clinton 4 her blatant violations huh @ChuckGrassley ?
Grassley works 4 trump he thinks trumps a republican but only by name, chuck the man has no core just wait he'll come 4 you too u dumb fool
Are we going to do something about this guy and the 675,000 he got from Hill?
I hope it's not because he's part of the swamp!
He doesn't seem very independent from Chris Christie. Does he still have Chris' cell phone that went "missing" when subpoenaed?
Democrats are not independent of politics. How do you defeat them if you play on your high horse?
I fear they're all just 2 sides of the same coin. And We the People are swindled time and time again.
Chuck, Chris is hot! Congratulations to him! Very proud of him. Tatiana
It would be nice, but the way the Congress has been lately,  I'm beginning to think all of you are a bunch of lying hypocrites
Trump fired Comey to obstruct FBI's treason investigation. You just let Trump appoint Comey's replacement. Shame on you @ChuckGrassley.
The business tax needs lowered to 15%-for once give potus his agenda. Wray needs to fire McCabe. Why does DWS have a seat? Awan Bro's crime
...and because of his Russian ties, which is why Trump picked him, as we ALL know.
Let's hope that is true. Trump is an authoritarian by nature. It's up to the Senate, House, and independent agencies to keep him in check.
Actually, 5 "no's" is the worst out of last handful of FBI confirmations.
Only 6 people have ever voted "no" for an FBI pick. 5 of those were today.
Not you should know why you screw up not haveing Donald jr and manfort testify under oath. After what is now come out about trump sr
You gonna hold him to that bro? Take him down like he's a deer in your headlights otherwise?
If only Donald Trump had that same dedication to the Constitution and rule of law.  Wray will likely be forced to resign or be fired.
Amen, so tired of the nothing here to see DNC side, lets investigate what we don't know on the non-globalist.  Voting will see new Congress!
