Chuck.  He called you because you head the judiciary committee and you're questioning his son. Report the phone call to @FBI and Muller NOW.
Maybe that's why the senator announced this on Twitter so Mueller and others can see it?
If that's the case it's a cowardly passive aggressive move. We nd committee chairs who'll be decisive & courageous when necessary. Push back
I absolutely agree.
Grassley, Grassley, Grassley. You old so and so.
bobby 3 sticks heading your way as well, there chuckie gr@$$ley???? i bet he is..... traitor scum, that's you i bet, isn't it???
Ass .  Making it hard to be from Iowa.
He also promised no cuts to Medicare. Where is he on that one?
If you believe Trump you’re a fool. He lies like he breathes. Ask Susan Collins what he promised her for her vote on the tax scam.
When are you releasing Trump jr transcripts from judiciary committee testimony? You said u would over 2 weeks ago. Are you a liar?
It's always about Corn with this pos.
Is this the quid or the quo?
Hey Chuckie, I wonder if there is an orange jumpsuit in your size!  If not let me know and I can knit one for you!  I happen to have some lovely leftover pink yarn!  #ObstructionOfJustice  #RemoveEvilRethuglicans
How about Mexico paying for wall???????
*soul... of course....
when are you going to realize Trump is a cancer! Run as fast as you can
I just got off the phone with Trump too. He said he's coming to my state of missouri today and will talk about crowd size and Hillary.
I heard he was going to brag about how he's doing a better job than Obama during this Catastrophe. Oh, & he has hats for sale.
Well 45 mins is a long time of talking and saying "we are doing it aren't we, and we told everyone we are doing it!!!"
He's going to wait to congratulate himself.
You’re free to the people of Iowa??
Has anyone told @ChuckGrassley that Twitter upped its character count? He doesn’t need 2 write like a tween.
Iowa, your dirt can grow more than corn! Try using other seeds.
What? Please use English.
This is for you AND Trump.
Dude are you 14? Write a word out in full like a big boy for a change.
#GOPComplicit
ethanol biggest federal welfare teat ripping off US public pander 2 Trump obstruction of justice #GrabYourWallet boycott  all Iowa products
Except for Big Daddy's barbecue sauce!  
http://www.bigdaddysbbq.net/ 
dude just go away
Wow.... is your name Flipper?!!
You are a disgrace to Iowa and the office you hold.

Loyalty pledge?
@realDonaldTrump : "we can't talk about that thing, but if you take care of that thing, I'd like u to know that I take care of ethanol"
Man you suck in so many ways.
What?
You are one of a few that make me embarrassed to be an American.
And you believe him?
@ChuckGrassley  is he bribing you to shut down investigations?  
Calling just as @ChuckGrassley committee is set to question Trump Jr. Hmmmmm. Not suspicious at all. @SenFeinstein what do you say??
Jared selling stare secrets??? Ok?
So every query coming from congressional republicans is a way to protect trump from Mueller? Come on people... Susan rice sending an email to herself is about Mueller? Grassley memo was sent months prior to nunes memo and confirms key points. Nothing happens by chance. Buckle up!
How’s that border wall around Iowa going?
Quid pro quo, not a promise. You are protecting him from the Mueller investigation. What is @LindseyGrahamSC getting? Free weekend golf trips for life?
Hey Chuck. A constituent here. He's keeping what promise? He seems to have made all kinds of promises, so you'll have to be more specific.
Who knew Twitter was so tough?
WTF is that supposed to mean? Here's another great argument for term limits or mandatory retirement.
This is a really good way to get hauled in front of Mueller to explain yourself, Chuck.
What? Are you drunk? That made no sense.
Dude!  Wake up. BRIBE!  Head.out.of.ass!
How did you manage to sink this low? Or were you always such a sycophant? I remember you would speak out on Obama. Hmmm....
Stop, just stop. It’s embarrassing.
Resign! You’re complicit and a proven LIAR!
Is this the deal you made on Russia? Give me ethanol and you Obstruct the investigation? Good job. Sell out.
Chuck does not stand for justice. Traitor
Unless you are HIDING something the transcripts should be released! Innocent people do not hide things.
Apparently you are not a lawyer.

When they haven't interviewed everyone it will hurt justice.

Everyone to be interviewed can have a script.

Corruption.

No justice no state.

Get ready for a revolution.
Snake in the Grassley
Release the Fusion GPS transcripts.
#ReleaseTheTranscripts The American people want to read for themselves the testimony of Glenn Simpson and Peter Fritsch.
You all had to post the same shit at the same time....

Sedition and treason for paid posters.

No justice no state.

Revolution is coming.
@FBI Just thought since he didn't bother reporting this, we all could for him.

Just saying. Get some boys, get some.

#StandwiththeFbi
Release the Fusion GPS transcripts!
And why our you offending our ally the UK by pretending you have a case against Christopher Steele? He's broken no law.
But you attack the whistle-blower, instead of the suspects?
What does Trump have on you? #Corrupt #Conspiracy #Complicit
Chuckie
Well you are about the dumbest Felony Co-conspirator. But also one of the ugliest!
Is Grassley personally benefitting? It’s one thing to represent your comstuents, another to use your elected office profit for yourself. We need charts to keep track of these shysters.
Senator you have no shame and no morals. you are evil
It would be the only promise 45 has kept so far?
 Indict this American Traitor masquerading as a American Senator 4 obstruction of justice! #ReleaseFUSIONGPStestimonyNOWsir
You’re doing great work on the FBI/DOJ cover up but this ethanol policy is stupid.
What did Putin give to Trump that he has on you?  Did you take money? Was it illicit sex? With minors? Do they have tapes?
What do you mean: "+I'm free to the ppl of Iowa..." Free to...abuse?...support?...represent?...criticize? What verb are you leaving out here?
Leeden + Grassly= traitors
I would bet money that @realDonaldTrump doesn’t know what ethanol is
You're a TRAITOR.
#TraitorChuck

Why don’t you release the #FusionGPS transcripts. America has a right to know.
Because not everyone has been interviewed.

Now everyone will have a script for their interviews.

This is incredibly corrupt.

This is not justice.

No justice no state.

Get ready for a revolution.
Right.
A "promise"
From Donald Trump.
Chuck is easily bought.
You actually seem like a nice guy even if we disagree politically. I just hope you aren’t making a mistake that leads to you serving jail time.
Yeah that’s BS chuckeee. Bars bars got a death grip on your gonads? Made you flip like that

It’s not a “promise” if he keeps coming back and demanding more to keep it.
ethics complaints soon for Grassley &  huge $’s dark money  for self staff, senate’s largest known on take reported by other lobbyists #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpCrimeSyndicate #MoneyLaundering
And what did you PROMISE him, Senator?
“Grassley! I’ll go for your ethanol thing when you stop this damn Russia investigation!”
Take the bribe and join the chain gang. Seems like you are following your pal Graham.
Are you really that gullible? In case you haven’t noticed 45 does exactly the opposite of what he promises. Iowa’s been screwed & you helped. #sad
oh... you are not obstructing you are  operating with a traitor for trade???? @GrassleyIsA BigNatteringTraitor
quid pro crazy
You are a #sellout
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-01-05/u-s-trade-deficit-balloons-to-widest-in-almost-six-years …  Hey Chuck.... this isn't good for Iowa, or America.
#ReleaseTheTranscript
Resign now crook
Blackmail.
Sold your country out for county corn.
Hope you're not too busy using the DOJ for political purposes to release the Fusion GPS testimony you promised to your constituents.
Get rid of ethonol!!
So you choose to stand with your president, Well the Titanic is sinking, And you signed up along with all your GOP comrades in Congress to play, as the ship goes down.
Go watch a movie or booze it up with some Dames
So all it takes for you to overlook the incompetence, the dementia, the treason is for him to give you a personal call and tell you he is pro ethanol? Welcome to Washington politics
Corn for fuel = bad deal
Chuck are you compromised?  Release the Fusion transcripts.
What happened to your promise to release the Fusion transcripts?  You are compromised too, eh? A sad time for America, but we will emerge stronger with our integrity reinstated.
RELEASE THE TRANSCRIPT. Just proves you’re complicit. You’re just adding to whatever Mueller has on you.
How come you became a trader too? Do you really think working class people spend their money on booze and women? You are out of touch with actual working people it seems very clearly-also you stand with a man who took money from the Russian gov. How does that make you feel?
Now...we..know..Why...you’re Not releasing the....Transcripts! Hmm..What do They Have on You? Seriously America is profoundly disturbed by this @GOP lack of defending the Constitution and Democracy 

What’s up Buttercup?
You lied to your constituents when you said you would release the Dossier/Fusion GPS transcripts. History won’t be kind, Senator.
How do coal and ethanol fit together? Country be damned so long as you sell your corn gas?!
Get on with using the 25th Amendment before Trump launches the nukes. Have your staff show you Trump's tweets. Have them show you the New York Times Op Ed and release the Fusion GPS transcripts. DO YOUR JOB.
The payoff...... Start here
Guess you’re okay with going into the history books as a fucking IDIOT.
He assured u he doesn't lie?
Things @POTUS assured America 
*Show his taxes
*Wouldn't run his businesses 
*Wouldn't golf
 Lie lie
#Resist
He must have something sweet on you!! RELEASE THE TRANSCRIPTS
Standing by his campaign kompromat. There, fixed that last sentence for ya
Go away Chuck as in RETIRE
I use ethanol every time I fill up, especially in winter. It's like a shot of whiskey for my engine! And the gas with ethanol in it helps farmers. PLUS it offers a lower price? Yup. #ethanol #agriculture #farming
Republican have already made it clear, there selling there  souls to the Dotard and they will pay dearly in mid terms for this so called middle class tax reform, You all think we are as stupid as his base? Plus all the other things he has already done,Think again
#publiclyhandcountedelections
Interesting will read it completely tonight after i@get@out of Work
45 is dumbing you down. This doesn't even make sense. You're free to the ppl of IA? So how much do you charge other states?
He is pro ruin this country chuck and you're more than complicit. What ever happened to doing what's Right. When this is all over Americans will make things right because you and your friends won't anymore.
Remember the scandal of former President Clinton meeting Loretta Lynch at an airport? Only a fool would meet this fool behind closed doors. Nothing he has said or done favors the future of Iowa--Scott Pruitt, trade war with Mexico, coal/oil bias, opposition to alternative energy!
He also promised to release his tax returns.
He PROMISED to release his taxes, too. Big fat zero on that one, too.
Don't hold you breath Chuck. He will sell you out in an instant if there is something better in it for him.
Collu$ion
Sounds like possible bribery to me. Aren't you on a panel to investigate POTUS family?
Shut up Grassley. How much are you being pd to lie for him? We the People don't believe you or him! ENOUGH!!
Yep, do what the party wants, regardless if it’s the wrong thing. Why don’t you and your compatriots forget trump’s empty promises of damaging our land, and do what the people want.
So, why do you keep postponing the inevitable? What will that buy you? More tRump promises? $? Time? All for what bottom line, Chuckie??? You are a sell-out, a traitor and as low as @POTUS. I hope you are cellmates.
U need to resign or recuse yourself. This appears to be 'pay for play' if you ask me. I'll support ethanol-you get rid of the investigations
What a fool. Trump will say and do what needed. You’re on judiciary committee? Need I say more?  #ObstructionOfJustice  #TrumpRussia #gapol
How is this obstruction of justice tweet aging Chuck? Has bob called you yet ? #MuellerTime
Really????  You just don’t get it, do you??
He gets it. The arrogance of power + a fear of suddenly losing it = not giving a damn about appearances.
Chuck , your Daily affirmation: I am complicit
Aren't you investigating Trump- Russia?
You've been bought & paid for!
.@ChuckGrassley You Are A Crooked Traitor!! Bribery much??You will be locked up with Trump! Spend last years of your old life in prison!
It's now 10/27 Chuck doesn't sound  like ethanoyl is on the table and with Trump's Cuba BULLSH*T WTF do we do with this corn ...
is your head so far up his ass you don't hear Iowans?
How much did you sell your soul for? I sure hope it was worth it. History will record your deeds accurately. What a shame.
He doesn’t care about history. He’s an a old fart and figures he’ll be dead anyway. Better to take a bribe while you’re alive to enjoy it. Right, chuckles?
Cause he's super good at telling the truth, or keeping his promises, or remembering what day it is.  Good luck with that.
@realDonaldTrump paid u off to drop the investigation.. not surprised.. no republicans can be trusted! #traitor #sellout
How’s that going?
Chuck,  you are complicit with Trump ...
You figure if you sell America out, surrender our sovereignty, ignore Putin’s attacks, you can keep power, because Trump is trustworthy?
Which promise that he hasn’t already broken 
WTH?  '+I'm free 2 ppl'  What does that mean? They don't have to pay for you anymore 'cause DJT is bribing you?
And why in the hell are you still existing?? You corrupted, traitorous  Trump minion...
You need to be investigated. You sold your soul to trump and he's looking for bribes to help out his crime family
You are corrupt. You are compromised. You are a traitor.
The optics of this are just terrible.
Well let's seee here.... guessing the senate committee investigating has found nothing and will be over by dec?
So, you're bought and paid for and willing to let the nation spiral downward into chaos because ethanol. Gotcha.
It would be amusing if you were to become the target of an obstruction of justice investigation. We have your motive here.
Hey! Just want to let everyone know that I can b bribed to not investigate

Open 4 business over here
He “assured you” lmao. You’d take the word of Donald Trump??? You’re high on those ethanol fumes!
What's it like to be a bought man a sellout this why we the ppl never believe senators or congress because y'all lie karma karma karma enjoy
So you're admitting to being bought? Hardly a shocker, you are a Republican afterall.
So you are allowing yourself to be bought by DT.  You are supposed to be investigating him, not taking handouts.  Shame on you.
He just called me and said Mexico is still paying for the wall and Don Jr.'s meeting with Russians was about adoption.
You're a scam Chuck Grissley!
Senators (incl Chuck Grassley) Supporting Ethanol Subsidies Reap Riches From Corn Interests. #TwoPeasInAPod
Yes you represent IA & your interests lie there. You also have a duty to the rest of us & to the country that was attacked to investigate.
@ChuckGrassley clear you can be bought for very little, lacking honor or integrity you chose to help destroy our government for corn subsidy
This reeks of ethics violations.
So you're accepting a bribe in exchange for not pursuing Trump/Russia. Got it.
MAKE TWO TWEETS IF YOU HAVE TO DO THIS
@ChuckGrassley you know better. Start doing your job #TrumpRussia
Willing to bet he can't tell you what ethanol is.
I'm guessing this was the point you didn't care about our elections, Russian influence, or collusion.
DON'T BELIEVE HIM! 
(He’s a liar)
So that's what's wrong with Trump...huffing ethanol!
You're the senator of what now?
You Chuck took the bribe. @lisamurkowski has ethics and turned down her bribe  Do better for America, Chuck
Ethanol waste of resources. Your auto gets less mileage if burned w/ gas. If u use E85 your Auto will get 25% less mileage. Read your manual
America eagerly awaits your indictment for your treasonous involvement AND obstruction in #TrumpRussia
Did you receive GOP Russian donor money?  How about Promises from #45? Why is your Alligence to the Pussy Grabber, and Predator in Chief?
So glad you got to hear the best words.
Big words!
