True, unfortunately the #IAGOP has already begun dismantling our once great educ system.
And the unions who protect the teachers. So it's not going to be pretty.
this is now the government ruled by the Republican's. You will be held accountable for the monumental disasters that follow
When is your next town hall meeting?
I'd like to try to be there.
You don't answer your constituents phone calls or e-mails. You cowering under your desk? You that scared of Trump? Sad!
How did you spend the $21,000 she donated? I'm guessing some big headphones to ignore your voters.
Joni bought a new hair extension. And Steve bought more LEGO's to entertain himself.
I thought we elected him to promote calling women "dykes". Our President does it so why can't our Congressman?
, be honest with your constituents. Were you representing us or your pocketbooks?
When are you coming to Wapello County??
considering our state legislature passed to increase funding for education by only 1.1% I'm just as unhappy w/them as DeVos 
It will be a few years before we feel this impact.   Shame on you for not listening to Iowa.  #republicantool
Does anyone know how much/if DeVos gave money to @ChuckGrassley ??
Not betting on itDeVos bought the position and brings extreme views.  She will gut public education in favor of for profits.
I called, Des Moines, D.C. & tweeted my disapoval of DeVos, if you stand by your vote then release the counts for the calls
Pure Bullshit- trump wants to CHANGE the constitution-& like the good minion you are, you'll take highest bidder & vote yes
our schools won't stay open for long with no funding or support. Education used to be important in Iowa, apparently no longer
but they will be underfunded and not supported
Main Point You Left Out Is:  The people choose where to Educate the children.
Abolish the DoED stop federal meddling in education.
Then what's the purpose of this position other than to reward generous campaign $$$?
'being open' isn't exactly the point of pub schools. make them THRIVE, fund them, smaller class size, more teachers... etc
you're a joke.
looking at your grammar, I suppose it's no surprise you voted yes.  Nice tweeting senator.  #needtermlimits
Beautiful straw man you have there, about time you put it back in the field.
Already starting with preemptive deflection of blame. Pathetic. Play politics w/our children and placing party over country.
She is unqualified. You know it.  Sold your vote and our kids' future for $21,000. Pathetic!  We will hold you responsible.
HOW DARE YOU "SCHOOL" your constituents on the constitution WHEN YOU did not uphold it. #SCOTUS
The construction of your tweet tells me that you knew you constituents are unhappy with her position, but you voted yes.
wow,  and you thinks she should be sec of education. Sad.
Well that is sure a ringing endorsement. What happened to finding the best and brightest to lead our nation?
bad, bad, bad. SO unqualified and it's on you and your fellow GOP senators. Sad day for public education
but if states do close them in favor of unfair charters, what? Tough shit for poor people in IA if that happens?
I no longer trust you as a representative of ALL of your constituents.
from Iowa, it looks like you vote for those with the most money. The average voter? Not so much. #NoTrust
sounds like he belongs in Cabinet position
You no longer represent your constituency. Shame on you.
Please quit mansplaining about Betsy DeVos. We told you how we felt & were ignored by you and Senator Ernst #votenoGOP. @ChuckGrassley
At this moment you are 1 of my nightmares. Stay away from Parkersburg might see You and scream
Let us all not forget Nancy Seabring and the whole charter school mess she tried to pull here.
GOP destroys Board of Ed, sabotages our kids. We're watching!
How about a town hall meeting in Cedar Rapids? Would love to talk to you about this!
@BetsyDeVos will destroy the education system. Vouchers didn't work in miami, why I moved to Iowa! Don't ruin waukee schools
I'm concerned over the inability for you to take a stand for obviously what your constituents request. No vote in 2018.
what will happen to the Common Core Standards started by former Pres Bush to show achievements not the same Republican party
What'd you spend that $20,000 on that you were given by her family?
but she's still horribly unqualified, you can't gloss over that with a glaring fallacy
why can't your offices be reached by phone? Voicemail boxes always seem full. Coming home for open form soon?
I'm sure your decision had nothing to do with her $21,000 donation to u. Way to screw over kids esp for chump change. Jerk
you weren't hired to make excuses for presidents and enable bad decisions, but rather to be Iowa's voice in the face of them.
note 2 self - let ur interns tweet for you - you make no sense. PS U just embarrassed Iowa on this vote  a proud IA teacher
Stop your war on teachers. Support teachers! NO to union busting!
And she gave you $22,000!  You are a disgrace to the great state of Iowa.
so why is there a dept of ed? Bad Carter idea continues.
You sold out your constituents for $43k?  The senator from Iowa can't stand up to donor pressure. #legacy
Lets see how long it takes for her to start funneling tax dollars into religious schools though.
$21,000 was all it took to get your vote. Should Iowans start a gofundme to raise a bribe so you'll put our children first?
Chuck we dare you to give us 24 hours notice and come to Johnson County. Double dog dare you.
but how much longer will they be adequately funded? Shame on you. Public education is a great investment
time to go when you won't listen to the people of your own state.
Looks like DeVos already got to you, Chuck!
your tweet just proves you knew the majority of Iowans were opposed to  DeVos
NOT FUNNY! She is a joke, and you have now become one too! Disgrace of Iowa...
so can you explain yourself in English please?
open does not mean functional.  She has admitted to plans that will gut the publ school system.  Disappointed in your vote
still voting you out. What are you doing to protect workers rights? Or are you going to follow Mo?
I thought you would cross party lines to be a voice for your constituents. My vote no longer belongs to you.
you're just another dishonest politician who will never again get my vote
Hey.  Since it is up to the states, call Branstad and save our schools.  Make America great may mean invest in education.
You don't understand what's going to happen, do you?
wow, she didn't burn anything to the ground on day 1. High bar we're setting these days.
and between this idiot and the state of Iowa with their lack of education funding i see why parents choose to home school!!
why don't you vote how the people of Iowa want you too  For The People not the party #makesmesick
@SenJoniErnst your days in office are numbered. Iowans know a thing or two about manure &what 2 do w/ it. #VoteUOut2018
keep telling yourself you did the right thing. Maybe you'll begin to believe it.
you failed every Iowan with your vote & that will not be forgotten.
and you should have recused yourself from the vote after her 22,000 payout to you #unethical
wow your new standard is that the schools are now open.  You once were a man of character, not so much anymore.
you should still held out for Marco Rubio money. He got over $100,000 for his vote. You took barely $22,000 from DeVos.
thousands of people called. Thousands of people emailed. Enjoy your last term.
w contributions totaling $21,600 this tweet is $800 per word
Please get a different intern to tweet for you. That is embarrassing.
since when do you care about the constitution? Cough, Merrick Garland
and did you go to the @BetsyDeVos spelling academy?
you sold us out for $22k and @marcorubio got $100? You can't even get a decent bribe out of it. Pathetic.
Iowa constituent here. Disappointed in you. Would have thought it would take >$21k for you to betray education.
if you think ignoring your constituents will get us to stop calling, you're mistaken. I've got you on speed dial now.
time to revisit term limits. You've stopped working for Iowans & started working for your own financial interests.
what happens when she decides to take away federal funding for public schools? States don't operate in a vacuum, Chuck.
she's sec. of ed. Because she gave you $43,200
you're piss grassley, and 5 times cheaper than Rubio. Rubio!!
You seem defensive. You sold out children for a check, without constituents support. Hope you'll be able to live w/ yourself.
. That doesn't mean she won't do her best to screw them up just like other cabinet choices. GOP is delusional as prez.
it's a sad  day for the children of Iowa. Your argument for the DeVo$ confirmation is that our schools are still open!? >
Very disappointed in you, Mr. Grassley. You chose your party over integrity. Ms. Devos is highly unqualified and you know it.
. This is the best you can do with the written English language at your age??  Yup!  Nice vote for the $21,600 pay off!
amazing how you have the confidence to say something about #devos AFTER you voted for her. #notIowaNiceChuck
as a senator of the university of Iowa student government, I am ashamed
... profits before learning; and unable to gain the respect of the teachers of Iowa and of America. This one will haunt us.
she is sec bc u allowed her money to buy ur vote lol clearly ur not for the ppl or public education. enjoy ur money ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
...loaded down with more conflicting interests than any recent Cabinet member; dedicated to an educational philosophy of....
AND we have the least qualified SecEd in history; confirmed on a tiebreaker vote for the first time in Cabinet history...
I called, emailed, tweeted. You are obligated to reply, as you work for me. You are public SERVANT!#democracyforsale
You do not represent Iowan values! Constituents oppose her! Yet you confirmed b/c she contributes. Wrong! #democracyforsale
. @ChuckGrassley our expectation is that u validate and address the very real concerns of your constituents #leadbyexample  #fail
Being from IA u should know parents want quality. MI doesn't have it or accountability. Open doors only matter if kids learn
ok but what did your constituents ask you to do? Release the tallies so Iowans can see who you work for #Sunshine #FOIA
I can't see how putting our least and dimmest in charge of our children's education is good for the health of our democracy
This is about you white man.  Tired of your double-talk.
you have this all wrong.  Have you forgotten what it is to be a Statesman?  Wait I know the answer to that ?
i love how you don't listen to what the state you're representing wants
I am one of your constituents. This falls well short of my expectations.
once a highly respected Sen. U can't bounce back from this one. You've let us down.  #respectourkids #standupforIowa
so she was nominated because she gave a ton of money to Republicans?
I know I called and said no to DeVos. Looks like a bunch of others did too. Both you and Joni better line up new jobs.
biggest concern is the vouchers. I do not believe taxpayers should subsidize the rich who send their kids to private schools
Funding will decrease and what of HR899 before you that will abolish dept of education?
Thanks for nothing! Unqualified candidate incompetent senator
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ wins. Iowa children loose. It's a sad day here in the heartland.
Maybe you should start with Polk county as #1 on your tour of 99 this year - tell them to stop undermining education funding.
So of the 145 tweets since you posted this 2 hrs ago vote NO 143 to YES 2. Yet you refused to listen. Sellout. @SenJoniErnst
looks like she taught you how to spell
i cant wait to vote against you in a year
1 day and already making excuses for ur poor decision. IA spoke, you ignored us. I want to see the for/against tally as well.
Defensive much? Tweet how much $$$ you took from DeVos!
That's your reason? Because. Don't talk down to people. The people are your boss. Act like it.
but in all seriousness, the funding our public schools NEED will no longer be accessible. Our children's future will directly
suffer from your decision. I hope you truly understand the gravity of what this means for our future.
@ what cost though, Chuck?  #notmysenator
Odd how you were so quiet before, but come out like a defiant child now.  Millions opposed.  You ignored. #FollowtheMoney
Keep cashing her checks you dishonorable fool
Huh???
so on the topic of education, educate urself 2/2
p.s. the GOP just told america that it could have all the integrated public schools but that they'll be defunded 1/2
You owe the people of iowa an apology, an explanation, and your resignation.
they're still open, but the attacks on collective bargaining will make Iowa teachers run to other states
do the right thing vote against Session!
now you have the Gaul to troll the people you represent,shame,shame shame!
what was the tally on the calls,Chuck!
you did not listen to the citizens of Iowa! Shame on you Senator!
Senator when will u be coming back to Iowa for your townhall mtgs? Wld like to hear u explain to roomful of angry Iowans.
great way to model appropriate spelling when discussing public education.  #idiot
you let Iowa and Iowa children down today...shame on you
This is your logic? Sad! Can we ask McConnell to silence your pointless Tweets under Rule 19?
@cbs2iowa Party politics.  She bought that seat and you allowed it.  Shameful.
I'm so ashamed of the Iowa Senators for this vote; didn't listen to your constituents at all.  Money ruled your vote.
What does Putin have on Trump? Suspect it's more than just a pee pee tape...,
With all the greatest due respect, equivocate all you want. You will be held accountable for rubber-stamping Trump's agenda.
I don't understand the #ethics. Someone who doesn't live in Iowa donated $21,600 to you and has your endorsement for a job.
plus now the public schools will each get a gun for all the random senseless grizzly attacks. Win-win!
u haven't been South of the Mason Dixon line have u?  Leaving it up to the states doesn't guarantee good public schools. Duh
sit down and shut up
you dumb fuck.
@joniernst staffer said your line has been overwhelmed with calls. Guess you just don't listen.
One day in and they're still open? She's still a garbage appointment. At least we know your price: $29,000
What were the # of phone calls re DeVos? When are you coming to Johnson County in person? And how do we fund public ed?
@cbs2iowa he received $22000 from the devos family, of course he's not going to listen us on this issue #useyourbrainchuck
hi chuck thanks so much for not giving a shit about your constituents concerns CALL ME BACK
Still open is 1 thing, thriving is quite another. What will happen to special needs kids? Ignoring constituents is shameful.
what a shining example of the failures of our current public school system
So, if it were up to De Vos, the schools would be closed?
lost your soul in a deplorable way. The oath that you swore means nothing more than a debt Donald Trump refuses to pay.
That's a cop-out, Chuck. You know she's not qualified and voted for her anyway. Party Trumps school kids. Shame. (Mason City)
ah yes, "still open," there's a great standard for quality education...
not the point at all Chuck. You were swamped with calls from constituents concerned abt DeVos confirmation which u ignored.
What's with the snarky sarcasm Chuck?  Sounds like you're getting some push back...
So you are saying we are ok in spite of the horrible decision to confirm her?  That's comforting
Today. She didn't close schools overnight!
.@ChuckGrassley "Still open" seems to be a very low performance threshold to maintain.
Give it time. You'll get it eventually.
You know a little about money buying influence- DeVos gave you plenty.
For ex., look at common core- even states that want to drop it can't. Can't afford the shortfall with federal funding gone.
Release the number calls for & against DeVos. You sold us out. Iowans did NOT want DeVos. U work for us!
What incentivizes states choice? Federal dollars. U may be the head, but she's the neck, & you'll defund just like she wants.
Give her time. I am sure she will make it happen--with help from the Iowa Republicans. Good job, Chuck.
what are your visions & goals to support & build productive public schools for our Iowa children?
as an educator I am very concerned at what the value our elected officials believe in for public education.........
Translation please? Bc this reads like, "Shut up, IA. I do what I want!" *stamps feet*
still have no idea why you tweet like a child.
. @ChuckGrassley then why do we need her as Secy of Ed at all? Especially one so incompetent. The grizzly bear epidemic? Or your campaign $?
and u are obviously letting your own education go by this nearly unreadable tweet. Dumbing down to support ur buddy DEVOS
Constituent here. Many decades ago, Iowa had great public education and took pride it it. Empty talk for many years now.
she has donated MANY THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS to Senators that confirmed her reeks of cronyism. Completely unqualified as well.
wow! You obviously knew that your constituents, IOWANS, were against ur vote! But, money talked. So, u walked. Shame!!
Being open and being funded are two different things, Chuck. You are an enabler.
Are you sure that's what your constituents wanted? You haven't been to Iowa to ask us. What was the phone call tally?
you may want to have your people read you these tweets from Iowans. We look forward to chatting next time your home.
Nothing changed in 24 hours, so everything will be a-ok forever? Clearly IA needs help w/ teaching critical thinking. #iVote
Do you honestly think LGBTQ students feel safe with DeVos as Secretary of Education?
Today, they are open. How many constituents implored you to vote no? #FOIA
thanks for listening.
