Chuck, I'm at the Windsor heights dairy queen jacking off
I plan on cramkng one off in my hotel room later too how weird
nice. I love to crank my hog. I wanna fuck the ice cream
I plan on becoming father to a pack of famous amos cookies
Chuck, need something to do? How about protecting our country and initiating impeachment proceedings ASAP. Complaining about a ticker? Sad!
Yea not too many likes here for you are there?
The pain of his existence must be unbearable. 

Hey so it'd be great if you didn't use the LGBTQ+ community to mock trump/Putin solely because it makes them unconfortable thanks
I'm a Lesbian & I am not trying to "USE" the LGBTQ community. I am sorry if it offended you and I didn't create the meme.
The whole point of memes like this is to make it seem like trump and Putin are secretly gay. It uses us as the butt of jokes.
If you want me to remove it, I will.
You should ask McCain which brain surgeon he's using. Might consider a drop in or two. Just saying.
Huh??
+1
Well said, sir.

A LOT of #Maddow 
All you have to do is your JOB in committee and investigate.
DON'T VOTE FOR A SHITTY BILL THAT WILL HURT AMERICANS JUST BECAUSE PEOPLE BOUGHT IN TO GOP LIES
CNN?    Trump's supporters nail you on tgat one.
You're tweeting about this stupidity when your party is yet again trying to strip away the healthcare of tens of millions of Americans?
Senator its time to retire. Your just so out of touch. Great run
Is this secret code for something?
Likely the beginning of his is insanity plea 'evidence'
Why are you watching FOX? Fox is well known to lie on a daily basis. They are right wing propagandist. Oh, I understand, two peas in a pod.
No human should admit to watching FNC 
Say that again, Senator Boomhauer?
Do you ever read the ticker  that states 70% of Americans want to keep ACA?
I like MSNBC -they tell the truth & are NORMAL even the Republicans
No clue what you are trying to say. Glad you are not my senator!

Sounded like he was slamming FNC and giving a ringing endorsement over to CNN? 
I though he was saying he couldn't read fast enough for FNC ticker. Maybe a staffer could read it to him.
U need to retire. U aren't serving the ppl who voted 4 U. U R a partisan senator voting 4 a hlthcare bill U know is a terrible 1. Shameful.

Wow. Thanks for the laughs, Senator. Really... this is the best thing you've ever done for me.
Why doesn't the history channel air history? I'm glad I'm not alone in that frustration. Thank you for all you do Senator, stay the course
Assume brain (is) dead
Hey @PatGrassley, Your grandpa needs your help #retirement
Nah, not #NepotismPat. Maybe another of the Grassley clan.
#MSNBC ticker sucks too.
i'm unsure of what this means but i hope you're having fun
Senator this tweet is unreadable.
That's how he always writes.
I'd love to insert "term limits" joke here, but @senorrinhatch has been around forever and figured it out
Ok

Resign, Chuck. Your good ol boys days are over!
I love my state.
Chuck Grassley has crashed. Reboot Chuck Grassley: abort, retry, fail?
Mother of God have someone proofread your tweets. You're an embarrassment to us Iowans.
This tweet is barely readable, much less understandable.
Your tweet only serves to underline a deep commitment to legibility. Gr8.
Huh?
My gosh! How are you going to find out what you should think?

Unlk ur twts WHitch R nrly indsyfrbl CANTUNDRSTND
Can anyone decode this for me? PLEASE because I JUST don't understand what HE IS TRYING to say here.
Playing the hits
Grassley Recap: FNC ticker bad; CNN ticker good; complicit in Trump/Russia; wants millions to lose healthcare..about right? #GrahamCassidy
Gramps needs new glasses?
What?
Will there be further explanation of this tweet to constituents?

Would you like some help with this? I live in Ames. Look me up. We can talk about it and try to alleviate your stress.
Wow...
Hope everything is ok.
Chuck, Ru interfered in our elections. Do u need a notarized letter from Putin? History will show u as a puppet 2 a #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
Please go to UIHC asap
I'm not gonna talk about Judy. In fact, we're not gonna talk about Judy at all!
On my word the comments here are priceless
*Oh*
GRAMMAR.
Wow! You need to stop tweeting more then Trump! You're proof there is a lack of intelligence in the Gov't. BTW #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
This tweet is unreadable
Senator, lay off the ginger ale. It's making you loopy.
While we're at it, why the fuck does MTV have a video music awards show every year when they never show videos? Amirite?
This tweet is unintelligible.
I can't wait til my Chuck Grassley decoder ring comes in the mail.
Can't read ur history for all that insider trading you do?

What??? Use your words, man!!
Who cares. Impeach Trump

are you ok?
Try @FoxBusiness.
Maybe pictures instead? Pretty pictures?
Don't let @realDonaldTrump see you have a good comment towards CNN and bashes govt owned FIX NEWS. You could loose you chair for that
Hey Chuck, do you know Russia interfer--oh never mind.
Type "Complicit" if you're being held hostage, Chuck! We're here for you.
You're worried about ticker formats while the majority of Americans are worried over an incompetent self-promoting president. Get real Chuck
Maybe you should retire.
You should be more concerned abt constituents losing health care, going bankrupt, or dying bc of congress' shitty "repeal" WE DONT WANT THAT
#GreedyGrassley 
His eye is on the ticker, not the sparrow.
Retire.
#TweetlikeGrassley
Chuck Grassley composing his tweets.
Senator @ChuckGrassley I would ask that you cease and desist your continual embarrassment to Iowa with your tweets. Pls let staffer do them
Who in their right mind fussed over #FakenewsCNN ?
Chuck, you didn't get the memo. CNN ticker is FAKE TICKER
Focused on what's important. Make America's Chyrons Great Again!
Your tweets are incomprehensible word salad.
AND GET OFF OF MY TICKER!
Excellent content.
There is something wrong with you. America is dying. Stop the partisan bullshit and look at what our country is becoming. -->Russia lite
#richwhiteguyproblems
Chuck, you need to stop concentrating on your personal wealth, get your head out your ass, & get to work. #GOPfail
Long overdue for a vacation Chuck!!
Pictures of facts can enhance knowledge my man

what the hell
Why don't you retire, and make way for someone who can read and write? #TermLimits #FearfulOfChanges
But Trump says CNN is Fake News and a train wreck.
Awesome 
your staffer's are doing you a solid with these tweets.

I understood it immediately. Bottom ticker that runs across the bottom screen at #FauxFakeNews is hard to read and he prefers CNN's
Speaking of readability, Chuck....
Awwww! Chuck is adorable!
@ChuckGrassley I don't like Putin operating w/Trump campaign & highjacking OUR ELECTIONS. Get to the bottom of it. Prosecute. Punish. Fix!
Take your meds.
So um. Do you require assistance with anything?
Covfefe 2.0
Have another drink, Sue Ellen
People actually voted for you?
Good less #FAKENewsFox in UR diet & more .@CNN because that ought 2really piss off .@realdonaldtrump so he Tweet blasts U in2 turning on him
I think it's trying to communicate.
Don't care...stop obstructing unless your in neck deep as well - then feel free to be part of History channel in the future and not positive
Please leave the Senate. Also, you should be ashamed of your policy work. Horrible man. 
Should worry about healthcare for your Iowa constituency and the rest of nation
Can't wait to see your name when you're indicted for Russian collusion, lock grassley up.
Dear Senator: It's not your ticker that should worry you. Treatment may be available; early diagnosis is crucial.
Worried about the crawl...get off your ass and do something
Funny. I don't like the Fox ticker either. Not because I can't read it, but because its chock-full of state-sponsored propaganda.
Which I find ironic considering Fox News Channel's main demographic is the older crowd who don't see no good

Did that sound right in your head Chuck?
wtf are you talking about?

For people who want to "protect" the english language so badly, you suck at it

Good point.
CNN's ticker whips ass for sure
Stop stealing our healthcare. Do your job and impeach the lying conman traitor living illegitimately in our White House!
How's those Vetern Benefits coming along? You are the master mind behind sooo many wrongdoings! I bet you didn't serve in a war. Kickbacks!!
If you are talking Fox News Channel ticker, I'll help out. It is an endless loop of "but her emails" problem solved
Ohhhh yes you can read and have memories from 2006!! Remember or deny still? Karma
THIS is your issue with Trump rampaging about?
Put down the grass, Chuck.
It s pretty clear.  The truth isn't lost like history on history chan.  Don't listen to fox nuse they make no sense.  Cnn is right.
Seriously? How about you explain why it's okay to take healthcare away from 24 million people. Shameful.
I hope this tweet was cleverly crafted to emulate FNC ticker...otherwise you have no business complaining
Scream nonsensically at Animal Planet if you need help, senator.
CANT READ CANT SPELL CANT WTWEETW
Cut the guy some slack. He's new to Twitter. Next up is learning to spell covfefe.
You are right about the History Channel, Chuck. Where's the history???
Yo dawg, no one can read this shit. Also, stop protecting Russian traitors. #CuckGrassley
Quit trying to distract from the real issue: A&E Channel. 
Arts & Entertainment?
No arts, scarce entertainment. Do Something Senator!
Keep smoking
I find "one thought, one tweet" a useful rule, Senator.
Order corn
I don't particularly care for the new FNC ticker either but all you'll get by watchin CNN ticker is lies! #FakeNews
Now, you know you have that backwards! 
FNC = #FakeNews  Silly!
You need to stop and work hard on your twitter before you post again. This is terrible.
This is by far your best tweet
Fucken prach grassman
If you like @CNN then your part of #DrainTheSwamp #DeepState & need 2 go!Remember what you said once seeing HillaryInfo behind closed doors?
What exactly is happening here?
This is what a Twitter stroke looks like.
Taking phraseology lessons from Sarah Palin?
But its fake news remember Senator??
I am down with the internets.
As an Iowan, you have to know that Chuck frequently commandeers his feed for nonsensicalness, yeah? I mean, that Windsor Heights DQ.
Also, fuck that speed trap ass town.
This was a 7/10
Truuuuuuu
Chuck..relax

Retire time
This person makes descisions for you. Yes you. Yes him.
do you need a doctor
Sorry, Senator, but I think you meant "LAUGHABLE".
Don't text and drink!
What a coincidence!  Most of us can't decipher your tweets either!  Now you see how we all feel?
You could enjoy a lot more CNN if you were retired
We are ruled by terribly old men that yell at their television.
T American ppl wld like 2 C U working hard to get RPres agendas passed into law! Do your job!
Can you say, "The sky is blue in Cincinnati for me."....just checking
Are you having a stroke, Chuck?
Dude, what's happening? Can't you just watch the program?
Time to retire.
Wat

Out to pasture old man
Senator, is that code for help. Are you being held without your consent? Are you seeing dead people? We need to know.
My 80 year old MOM types to me and FORGETS THAT THE CAPS lock is on as well. It is all cool. Grateful for your service, please RETIRE.
Good Lord
What
Covfefe is a much easier way to say youre losing youre mind
Nice literature, Sen. It seems that the only thing you're competent at is obstructing justice and leading a Kangaroo (Judiciary) Committee.
this is the moment Chuck Grassley became president
Ah shit, grandpa's yelling at the tv again.

Glad you’re using my tax dollars to address the most pressing matters of today.
And you complain about @realDonaldTrump working with @TheDemocrats
Wait a sec. Is the point that Fox isn't actual news, that you don't know how to read, or both?
Still waiting for you to release that FusionGPS transcript. You said you would, so where's the vote?
I see you are hard at work proving to the constituency that you are hard at work not getting a wall built or DACA stopped .Repeal & replace?
that's easy. Don't watch FNC.Boom. problem solved.
My airplane is having a salad.
Are you hoping to psych him into finally acting to save our democracy? He sometimes puts on a good show, but usually seems disinterested.
Agreed! He mostly cares about his little Fiefdom, anybody defies that and he gets all riled up, otherwise he's a total partisan  shill
