Aetna wants to pick and choose who they cover, just as they did prior to the ACA. So, let's blame the ACA 'stead of the insurance companies.
We aren't buying it anymore. Start working for us again #SinglePayer
Big insurers not making  SAD #trumpcare pathetic. No idea what insurance will need as not able to foresee the future
Also re Syria = you are a hypocrite
Aetna is manipulating their offerings because their merger with Humana was denied. It is an obv. ploy.  Get Single Payor and bankrupt them.
Aetna has no interest in covering people they can't underwrite anymore and price out of the market.

maybe try standing up to the insurance and med industry. Prices are ridiculous and execs bonuses are too big!
Do something about it Chuck! You were elected to represent all Iowans, not just the top 1%. You have spewed enough partisan BS for one day.
You're not blame free Senator. Own it!
Really curious why a solid company like Aetna can't figure out how to insure 21K people when so many companies do it with relative ease.
You just figuring that out????? IOWAN ARE SCARED TO DEATH
Don't point fingers.  Your party has had 6+ years to come up with a better plan and couldn't do it.
The GOP plan is to go back in time so people can be denied coverage due to pre-exisiting conditions and soak the older, poorer and sicker.
Yes he ACA needs help to fix it. Medicare For All would do that
Please for once be truthful. Only "death spiral" signs are due to republican obstructionism. The current law can easily be addressed ...
... but that doesn't give you your partisan sound bites. America deserves better than bunch of old name calling fools. Rise to the occasion
You've had seven years to come up with better ideas. I'm interested in hearing them.
Where was this GOP call for bipartisanship when ACA was being drafted? #ACA #GOPobstructionism #VOTE2018 #GOPlies
How about working w/ Dems to make laws holding insurance companies accountable? You'd have to stop accepting money from them, tho. #resign
Ball's completely in your court. You blew it a couple of weeks ago. Get to work.
NO bi-partisan. @GOP had 6 years to be bipartisan. It's all on you now!
Why don't you ever reply to your constitutes on Twitter and debate the subject?
death spiral because YOU PEOPLE Can't work together. 7 years and NOTHING!!!!!
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland 
Merrick Garland 
Merrick Garland 
Merrick Garland 
Merrick Garland 
Merrick Garland 
Merrick Garland
Don't you mean "death panel"? "Death spiral" is B.S. too, just more GOP selling out to insurance companies. #retire #embarrassment
How about we say fuck the insurance companies and have a single payer system?
Hear that? That sound is the "death spiral" of your career. Iowa deserves better.
Heir statement said they pulled out because of 'uncertainty'. Not only but mainly. You read like crazy so remember what you read.
Mr. Grassley we need to assemble key actuaries from a select group of providers to price the replacement plan properly.
#iwouldlovetohelp
LOVE YOU CHUCK YOUR A WORK HORSE! #MAGA
Your twiiter is in a death spiral...
You are the only Death Spiral I see. Hopefully UIHC will pull out of Aetna Wellmark
Single-payer universal healthcare is the solution to US insurance problem #PeopleBeforeProfits 
Why didn't stay and talk the first time.
Only because they can't have big profits. They only care about $ they get to take home.
Wanna know what's really needed? Fresh blood in Congress to replace the ineffectual stale old coots like you.
Scare quote death spiral is a lie, as you know, according to nonpartisan CBO. 

They are playing you, Chuck.
Tired of GOP blaming Obama for everything. This is on you.. take charge..Own it. Single payer.. not that hard
What happened to bipartisan politics in Iowa? Come on, man. We're better than this. #DoYourJob
A death spiral caused by the GOP. Funny how the ins companies are making billions in profits, huh?
Why do you people assume single payer won't work when it does in LITERALLY every other civilized nation on earth?
Then work for a bipartisan solution for once.  Stop only thinking of republicans.
Seriously no idea what you just tweeted.  Like a child.
How about you go call out Aetna & Wellmark for being horrible companies that jack rates up & price gouge at every opportunity
There's no "death spiral". You've already seen how US citizens react when you threaten to take away ACA. Quit your partisan games!
Maybe The Wellmark CEO has to BIG of a SALARY
Put your money where your mouth is chuck!! Stop using words like "death spiral" and perhaps you could tame the uncertainty in the market.
I have had years of experience w/ ramp healthcare. Need providers, ins cos, employers and reps @ table to revise ACA
You are the party in power! Provide leadership on universal healthcare!
Chuck its ACA. Fix it.
Shut up...just like the death panels. Retire old man.  You have no right to manipulate those less educated just for a win.
Partisan hack.  A disgrace to Iowa.  Resign
Will Republicans be voting to suspend elections? Who is surprised that the 'nuclear option' was implemented under your watch?
That bipartisan solution sounds great, Chuck. Get crackin'.
people not understand cannot force insurance company to go broke on purpose...
No thanks to Repubs. Where is your replacement ? Oh yah. It was awful. Yes work together- tho you refused under Obama.
If you'd fix the ACA instead of dancing as people lose coverage, you'd be more helpful.  People will die. Repubs failed to make their own.
Your time in office is in a death spiral. And we are going to make it happen.
Insurance is the unnecessary, profit-taking middle-man in the healthcare delivery system. End it. #singlepayer
Nope! Republicans just need to keep their promises. Repeal that garbage.
the oath that you swore means nothing more than a debt Donnie Trump refuses to pay!
If bipartisan solution is needed why are you being hateful rather than helpful? God is going to have serious issues with you.
Insurance companies are playing a dirty little game and you are in on in. "Death spiral" my ass 
Not sure why you believe @Aetna
. Fine. However your solution shouldn't be to punish the sick poor and elderly in order to benefit your corporate owners, Charles.
Bolster don't repeal, please
My private property @fanniemae @freddiemac will no longer be used to fund #aca #obamacare & @FHFA raised G fee .33% on homeowners to pay too
There will no bipartisanship since you nuked the senate. Do you really think the Dems will work with you now? You threw away your career.
more #RepublicanDeathPanel talk. Heck, maybe there's some logic please explain what the R's long game in killing off the poor?
Well, well.
Death spiral very technical term, almost impossible to happen under Ocare or AHCA, adverse selection is the word u r looking for
Thanks for ruining healthcare for millions @ChuckGrassley I know you are proud try to fix it we are not stupid
Your obstruction and willingness to insist people should not have to buy health insurance is the problem scum bag.
Single payer now
Why don't You pull out of Iowa! Make Iowa Great .Again!
Well then stop your "party over country" attitude & find a solution 4 your constituents. I say #DoYourJob but u r hell bent on destruction.
Put Everyone on the Insurance You Have! Or Medicare for All! Simple!
Don't talk to me about bipartisanship after the crap you pulled in the senate this morning
Not buying it. Mandate a cap on premium increases yr/yr and we can talk.
They didn't leave because of "death spiral" that doesn't exist. You have to know that.
Single payer universal, no insurance companies.  No games.
