No. the Christian god wouldn't choose or support any of this. Your Satan maybe.....
so proud of Mr. Grassley for doing what was right on the SCOTUS nomination. Makes me proud to be Iowan.
And you and @ChuckGrassley disappoint and disgust Iowa. So I guess I'm glad you're proud? Nobody else is.
I know you're not, but you should be ashamed of yourself.
partisan hack. Don't you want to wait for a few years, there's an election in 2020!
thank you for your #integrity & attempt to promote bipartisanship in the @WhiteHouse
What integrity? This crooked senator has cheated America, cheated Iowa, and supported Nazi's.
What was wrong with #MerrickGarland? We voted for Merrick Garland when we overwhelming elected Barack Obama.
Then you do Iowans and Americans a disservice
Ask Gorsuch what he thinks of Trump saying Judge Robart is so-called judge. Is that respect for court? #MuslimBanprotest
Please consider NOT voting for him! #MerrickGarland was superior choice! #StolenSeat #SCOTUS #Resistance
Please deny his nom. President Obama was illegally cheated out of his pick. Mentally ill Trump sure shouldn't get a pick then
Hold on there! Only four years left in the current term. Are you sure that appointment is legit??
I urge you to vote against him in favor of a more moderate pick.  He is a partisan pick and our country needs unity.
I'm glad you got what you wanted.  Now do just one little thing for your constituents. No on DeVos!! #doyourjob #noDevos
.@ChuckGrassley But yet you refused 2 meet w/Judge Merrick Garland.
Replace the name “Gorsuch” with “Garland” and listen to how it sounds.
I'm sure you'll do a great amount of considering. How many seconds after he was announced did you say "I'm in?"
wow your getting a lot of negative responses from Iowans. What changed? You're a good man, don't deserve this
For not upholding his constitutional duty for almost a year over partisan politics.  Of course he's getting it bad
I would urge you affirm his appointment to the Supreme Court
MERRICK GARLAND
but god forbid u considered Garland. What u did was shameful, and history will judge u poorly. #TheResistance
#MerrickGarland
I looked forward to your consideration of Merrick Garland - did that happen?
Resign. You have failed to serve.
you mean the pres. of the Fascism Forever  Club?
you and other hacks watching democracy being steamrolled at hands of tRump and Bannon should stop claiming status as humans
Confirm him.
too bad you didn't think it was an honor to meet Garland. Ass.
You will Not want to Read what they write about You in History!   You may even make the History Ch!
The partisan Senator whi did Not do His Job to Steal a Seat on the Supreme Court!
You embarrass me.
Maybe you should have considered Garland, a nominee from a legitimate President, months ago. #SCOTUS
Thanks for supporting pro life and the new Judge Gorsuch !
It's impossible to respect u when u wouldn't give Merrick Garland a chance, but expect Dems. to "do the right thing" really?
Iowa voter who looks forward to #democrats blocking him in any way possible, just like you did to #Garland
racist!
oh NOW you are ready to get to work. Ugh.
Your hypocrisy is stunning.
When did you start caring more about the GOP than Iowa?  Than the US?
I guess you are doing the job intended it's why you are elected.  They should quit complaining and run a decent candidate.
you did the correct thing look at all the whiners a great choice.
Funny how you're into CONSIDERING SCOTUS nominations now. Too bad you ruined the future of the whole process. #legacy
You couldn't be more of a hypocrite if you tried. Should be Garland instead. #SCOTUS
You've been stalling for 10 months. It's about time you do your job!!
How about Merrick Garland?
maybe you should consider Garland first. Now you're just another trump stooge.
You're shameful. Leaving the seat open for a year until you get what you want. It's clear to us who is important to you- you.
Keep up the faithful work Chuck. Pay no mind to the liberal cry babies. POTUS Trump was elected for a reason.
you are an embarrassment to Iowa, you went out of your way to withhold hearings for Garland but you jump on Trump nomination!
Garland was a superior candidate and you never even considered him. You care only about the party line not America or Iowa
You were once a respected example of integrity.  Today you are an example of extreme hypocrisy,  Iowa is ashamed .
It was an honor to meet Judge Garland today. I look forward to consideration of his nomination.

Fixed it for you.
How was it meeting Garland? Oh yeah, you didn't work for 10 months.
We have enough men in positions controlling Women's Reproductive Systems, Life decisions. Govmt doesn't own women bodies.
Too bad you didn't give Judge Garland that consideration. Party loyalty should not be more impt than Constitution. Shame.
well at least he's happy that you decided to be a mindless obstructionist.
I am ashamed. Your hypocrisy and gall are beyond the pale. What has happened to you?
shouldn't even get a hearing.  You are such a hypocrite.
“...no reason to upset the current makeup of the court,[...]when the reason for doing so appears to be ideologically driven.”
how was your meeting with Merrick Garland?? How was his hearing?? Oh wait he got neither...
Thank you for your support #SCOTUS #SCOTUSnominee #JusticeGorsuch
Your lack of integrity is appalling. You knew what the right thing to do was but chose craven partisanship. Embarrassing.
seems a bit hurried. When does Garland get his consideration?
illegitimate President nominees you'll ram through? You should wait for Russian investigation reports first.
just like you supported Garland- expect resistance
This Iowan says your hypocrisy is overwhelming! Im embarrassed for Iowa. #SCOTUS
Thanks for holding the Liberals at bay until Pres Trump could submit my kind of Judge.
How about considering your constituents and voting "no" for him?
Vote no on Sessions and DeVos. Also your office voicemail was too full to answer my call. #IAconstituent
cc: @GrassleyPress
glad to hear this one's worthy of consideration.  I'm still curious as to why the last one wasn't
Your behavior in this matter is distressing. "Cheat to win" is not a value we need to be embracing.
More important now to protect Iowa tradition of strong public schools! Won't you stand up and vote against unqualified Devos?
Confirm Garland.
Thank you for at least pretending there will be some consideration of his nomination and not just a long row of high fives
so disappointed in the party hack you've become. Your treatment of @MerrickGarland_ was wrong and you know it #notIowavalues
Betsy DeVos and her psycho brother are from Michigan, so I feel your pain.
Merrick Garland, Sir.
Great job.  Great man.
I didn't think you considered appointments by presidents that are campaigning in the next election
Merrick Garland was an honorable nominee for the Supreme Court that you blocked for 11 months.  Now you want to do your job?
The oath that you swore is worth nothing more than the debts Donald Trump refuses to pay.
Damn,now its hard to decide which Iowan is the worst, you or Brainsdead.  Kind of a toss up at least he can go choke in China
Vote no. His record indicates he'll vote 2 make women & LGBT 2nd class citizens. We will not tolerate that.
Really? You look forward to him attacking #EqualRights or not being considered for next 1,449 days?
Glad you somehow found the time to meet with Trumps nominee but for some reason couldn't meet with Obamas. #DoYourJob
unbelievable @ChuckGrassley, you bring shame on iowa
.@ChuckGrassley 
Merrick. Garland. 
No consideration for 10 months.
You're embarrassing Iowa.
I hope you give him the same consideration as you did Merrick Garland.
Too bad you didn't have the same courtesy when Merrick Garland was nominated. Wouldn't even have a hearing!
You really have no shame. This seat was stolen and you know it.
where was Merrick Garland's consideration Chuck?
3) and, anyways, you have made a mockery of the whole system so it doesn't mean anything anymore #resist #impeachTrumpnow
can u not
2) wait til we get a real president in 2020 - #pence doesn't count.  He is illegitimate too
1) Why hold hearing?  People decided - #Hillary won by 3 million - illegitimate president has no say in appt. #hypocrisy
As an Iowan, I'm embarrassed of your role in stealing this SCOTUS seat for the GOP. You've been corrupted. #NotMySenator
Just vote with your fucking party and shut up.  We don't need the sales pitch.

Gorsuch cites Kissinger in his Columbia yearbook: "The illegal we do immediately, the unconstitutional takes a little longer." (oy) 
it must be really exciting to actually consider a supreme court nominee. nice work champ
Senator, takes brass to delay Judge Garland for nearly a year then come out with these comments.  Expect more from an Iowan
You let Judge Garland sit in your hallway for 10 months. You're bogus dude.
shameful choice of when to #DoYourJob
What did you think of Merrick Garland when you considered his nomination?
