That and healthcare, tax reform, immigration, budget...the list goes on and on!
Go away
We were Federal Police Officers who blew the whistle on our supervisors. For this we were fired.

Our website is

http://notanaccident.org 
Perhaps cut your months long vacay short? 
Just a suggestion...much like funding for Superstorm Sandy was, apparently.
THAT'S OUR SENATOR FOR IOWA!!  
You should have never left in the first place! Do you job, Senator! We don't pay you to take vacations & do nothing! The people are fed up!
If only they'd listen...grrr
How about you guys make sure me have a military first. Balance the budget
Watch those Democrats they will try to screw Tex and Louisiana
It will End like Obamacare Repeal... Don't Mess with TX ....Final Warning to D.C. Swamp
Not promising funds to that#dumbasswall would b a start...
No shit Sherlock
And don't forget 2 impeach the racist, unstble ahole in the WH. Nothing compares 2 impeach. #GrassleyonPrince
I like the mimicking of the "2" s - well done - also love the message, nice work
this is not a 'natural disaster' . this is a human caused disaster
Just like Sandy.  Eh Chuck?  Did you see Trump's speech in Houston?  Start speaking out Senator. Please.
Just like other disasters? So quickly means in 10 months? Like Sandy?
Need to release the transcript of 10 hr testimony from Glenn Simpson like said you would in town hall meeting
Don't forget health care and tax reform. Can't use this tragedy as a cover for congress failures.
Use Trump's wall money.
You mean, the way you bastards handled Sandy?
Trump is playing you as a fool. You're easy meat.
And also make sure their health care is not taken away. Thank u!
as well as the transcripts of the dossier...don't think you can get away with using this tragedy as  a distraction
Be kinder to Texas than you were to NJ
Tell TX what you told NJ. Not one thin dime!!!
Do not put a bunch of add on bs like that border Wall and Dems will not vote against it like the GOP did sandy in 2012!!! GOP are hypocrites
"When we get back next week" and act quickly" are kind of contradictions.
Remember people are watching, rescue fund, Tax & Health bill  no time to screw up, courption support @realDonaldTrump DEMS are changing USA
STOP TWEETING!!! SERIOUSLY!!! STOP!! #stoptweeting #taketwitteraway
It took months for Sandy Relief, Sir.
How about #flint?
Please add Louisiana.

These people have suffered enough.
I agree with you .  Thank you @ChuckGrassley
After that you need to investigate Hillary and fund raising.
And lower taxes so our govt is underfunded when it comes to a crisis. + remove regulations for land use so more people affected by weather
Recovery for Texas. Not a wall.
Great, but address infrastructure and tax bill, and healthcare.
And this time DARE anyone to add a bunch of pork to it. A clean bill to fund disaster help ONLY.
Among many other things, too...
WHEN will there be action on the Debbie Wasserman Schultz IT guy @ dem gang  mess?
I'm sure that dipshit McCain will vote against it!
This is the nation's disaster. We owe it to them to get it done just as we have had here in Iowa
Just like you made sure healthcare was funded?  How many stupid things are going to be added to it so it won't pass?
Hope you realize your POTUS in Corpus Christie spoke of crowd size with no words of sympathy, no mention of lives lost, etc. About him!
I thought the deficit was the most important thing. PayGo.
Just as well we 'liberals' aren't vengeful...
https://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=113&session=1&vote=00004 …
like you did for NJ during Sandy?
Take money from the stupid border wall and help huston
Work on the Trump impeachment, too.
Do you not know that "2" is a number and the word is "to"??
How about cutting your 118th vacation of the year short to go vote to help the ppl of Texas?
Aid should go to areas hit by disasters. But why do R's drag heels when blue states hit by disaster? We're all Americans-support all of us.
Get healthcare passed and tax plan that works
Were you so gung ho re: Sandy disaster?
Myb u shd pt dn yr flacd ol dk an gt bk 2 yr jb 2day!
Lol. I love this.
Thanks - can't you just smell his "crypt breath" when he tweets?
you also need to start acting to mitigate the disaster in the oval office, you ponderous pustule.
Maybe come back early?
Like the Senate did for Sandy?
Leave the pork out of this one.  Demand it not be allowed.
Take money from the military budget line
Yes, make sure. And hold more investigations on Trump's treasonous acts.
Yea and more one HC haaaaa lol lol 
I love Grassley. Good man. Mad tweet abbreviation skills. All around straight shooter & solid midwesterner. @ChuckGrassley hats off, Senator
Without the pork though Chuck.
No wall. Unless it's a seawall. #NoWall
Hmmmm Like you have for others? Quickly?
You mean like superstorm Sandy? the Republicans shut down any aid for that You are such Hypocrites Shame Shame Shame
Your wasting time persecuting trump jr why don't u fo after the real criminals lynch, comedy, mcload, and Clinton foundation  get to work
Does this include the Trump presidency?  The guy you supported?
I rarely agree with you, but I do agree with this. Help isn't political.
Need to get back NOW and support your / our Pres and the People's work. What a stupid statement!
Just do multiple tweets - you are far too old to be writing this way. It's unseemly.
Don't forget Trump regime and Russia connection investigation!!! #important
How about when I get back u start impeachment too!
Why are you sheilding Treasonous Trump Jrs testimony? #GOPTraitors #GOPisKKK
YES! This is an investment that does not need a budgetary offset. Time to ditch Grover Norquist's stupid pledge and rebuild America
Thanks for your support Mr. Grassley.
Remember Sandy??? I do
Good luck getting @SenateMajLdr to accomplish any thing other than badmouthing @realDonaldTrump.
While you do that...we also want a vote on releasing the transcript from the 10-hour testimony on the Steele Dossier!!!
Remembering Texas votes for Sandy Aid
Thank you, Senator.
LOL you all weren't so anxious when it came to Katrina and Sandy. Wonder why?
Why wait until next week!  People of Texas are not on vacation.
Dossier
Don't let trump and his companies benefit from this!
Hi again, Senator! When will you take a vote on releasing the 10-hours of testimony by Fusion GPS?
Please get to work on repeal and replace Obamacare and tax cuts fast as you can
Thank you
Pls. stop lying. 
In 2013 GOP threatened to withold relief aid for SSSandy victims & you didn't hurry or care then.
talk to those fools who decided to not fund one disaster in one part of the  and fund another. It is the Damn United States of America!
YES yes yes
Please do so !!!  No pork, just the basic stuff
Don't forget about the Impeachment Process also .America has seen enough of the Obstruction and Collusion with Russia
Profound.
when you get back next week?  Pfft @POTUS  has not stopped working all year, you lot in Congress are pathetic bludgers on our Tax dime 
Don't pretend to care, you're a joke, if you really cared you'd be back in session NOW helping the President take care of TEXAS
There's a reason congress has an approval rating of a stinking 10%, you all earned it, bunch of lazy obstructionist thieves
instead of running around campaign & tweeting like this trying to hold power, do YOUR JOB DAMMIT and you may just succeed. 
Act quickly on impeachment
Accept Sandy
https://thinkprogress.org/31-senate-republicans-opposed-sandy-relief-after-supporting-disaster-aid-for-home-states-1ea0a82683e0/ …

And yet you didn't care about Sandy. Why is that?
#CensureTrump
If @POTUS expresses views inimical to our values, Congress must speak out. I'm cosponsoring a censure resolution in wake of Charlottesville. 

TSC IntelBrief: Natural Disasters and National Security | http://bit.ly/2wiRzWk  

Trump revoked Obama's executive order on higher standards for flood protection right before #Harvey took off http://columbiaclimatelaw.com/resources/climate-deregulation-tracker/database/executive-orders/#13690 … 
