Trump has been taking the Russian people's money since 1990, someone should be adding up all the purchases Russian's have made on Trump

An OPEN LETTER to Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA), Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, who today asked if the FBI warned Mr. Trump about Russia: 
Every major health organization is against #GrahamCassidy and so are all 50 Medicaid Directors
#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
What's your point? Think this startling stat us will stop the @GOP from harming Americans? Good or bad bill, they need a self serving win.
This is not better healthcare. Your breaking your promise. Please “Vote No” on Graham Cassidy.
If Trump can’t even use “extreme vetting” on his own staff, how can we trust him with anything. U wanted FBI to do HIS saff’s job. Lazy sad.
Last but not least, the American Mafia introduced Trump to the Russian Mobsters, in 1988 .. That is a fact. Money laundering is an art
You are not  keeping your promise to the American people by voting for Graham Cassidy. You promised to replace it with better healthcare...
Asking the FBI if they warned Trump in the election, and ''why not'' is just a wtf moment. This feeble attempt at shifting blame to FBI
Upset re:G-C despite not D or R/affected by ACA. Male R. Senators acting like teenage boys-not thinking/packing so they don't have to!
AARP: seniors will pay 16000 year healthcare. We won't be eating at all. #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Can't get a hold of you. Your VM box is full. Do your job. Listen to your constituents. A townhall in DSM would fix your alone problem!
Last but not least; people like you should be drummed out of politics, you stink, protecting that blond sack of shit is mind boggling
Seems like a Senator should have better grammar and know it's "supposed to"..then again, look who our President is 
"You know, I could maybe give you 10 reasons why this bill shouldn't be considered."  Sad day in America.
Imagine if you didn't have or couldn't afford health care. Scary, isn't it. Vote against bill.
You think he can actually imagine that? Maybe he can imagine his grandchildren dying in a hospital because their treatment isn't covered?
Ur weird AF bro.
Paul Manafort's Russian emersion is well documented, as campaign CEO they would know he's beem a Russian operative for 18 years
Any word on restaurants in Nambia, Chuck?
You need to get some food to Puerto Rico. Stop indulging yourself. They are dying!

An OPEN LETTER to Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA), Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, who today asked if the FBI warned Mr. Trump about Russia: 
30 years of Russian money and he knows nobody? (lol) Russia is everywhere, investments, people, themes, admiration .. it stinks of Russia
Why the HELL are you going after the FBI? Our country needs to protect itself from RUSSIA and you are trying to impede it. WHY?? Complicit??
Worried you are lost.  Caring people.
It takes a real large ''pool'' to dislute piss, and Trump has a mighty big pool. People loved Al Capone, he was still a mobster ...
You are complicit. #DotardTrump
actually should be being interrogated by Mueller for obstruction.
When will the Transcript be released?
Time to show loyalty to the American ppl and not to a crazy man that conned his at into the WH. VOTE NO!
Lol, because our tax dollars are being spent flying Trump Admin millionaires around on private jets
Senator Grassley you used to do oversight over those type of issues. Any oversight plans?
Chuck, R U saying FBI should've told Leaker Trump his campaign was being watched for Russian collusion/interference? Sounds like U did. Why?
People see your dumb as*s coming from a mile away.
What language is this?
Alll these hidden buyers -audited, banks-audited, phones, email, airlines, hotels, you name it

An OPEN LETTER to Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA), Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, who today asked if the FBI warned Mr. Trump about Russia: 
Dotards will dotard
Grassley is carrying Trump's water. Again.
Senate judiciary committee chairman Chuck Grassley asks the FBI if it warned President Trump about Paul Manafort  http://cnn.it/2hnAMdB  
You can't hide your #Corruption any longer. #Impeach
Chuck there's a traitor in our White House
#senchuckgrassley believes  #grahamcassidy bill is garbage too but voting for it because he "promised" Put our health before your promise
Iowa, Chuck admits there are 10 reasons he shouldn't vote for bill.  But there are 400M ($$$) reasons he will.
Amazing quote from @ChuckGrassley here: Despite many reasons to oppose Graham-Cassidy, GOP must support it to uphold campaign promises. 
Hey Chuck: Did you FORGET about the 'warning' Trump got about Mike Flynn by Sally Yates ..he did nothing about ?
Grassley is asking the FBI if it ever warned the Trump campaign about alleged Russian efforts to "infiltrate"

https://www.cbsnews.com/news/grassley-asks-fbi-about-any-counterintelligence-warnings-to-trump-campaign/ …
Utter hogwash.  This is Grassley now trying to blame the FBI for Trump willfully INVITING Russia into his campaign. Wow. UnmitigatedGALL.
Your not concerned about American s and their families
You sticking your neck out to defend Trump and interfere with Mueller investigation? Did you take Russian money too
Whose side are you on Grassley?  

Have you read the Constitution?
They're probably planning to abduct u bcuz of your treasonous efforts to undo the #MuellerInvestigation. That makes u a LOSER & a criminal.
Why would the FBI warn the willing?  TRUMP KNEW AND COLLUDED.  

You're a traitor.
Trying to blame the FBI huh GrASSley?  TRAITOR.  

Are you being blackmailed?  You complicit TRAITOR.
You're a TRAITOR.  #RESIST
Covering up for Traitor Trump. You’re discusting. I have lots of family in Iowa. You disgust us all. Is Russia your master? @maddow #corrupt
STOP the coverup ofTrump Russian Collusion & Obstruction of Justice on behalf criminal Trump! You know where to put subpoenas, SHITSTICK!
Get fucked.
You asked if Drumpf's campaign was warned by the FBI?  Warn the willing?
Grassley: why are you covering for him?  Are you being blackmailed?
Read your tweets but fell asleep. Never cease to amazed at your stupidity. You don't try to hide the fact that this Healthcare bill sucks.
You really hate women children vets disabled and Americans Koch pay u or taxpayers
you are really down to earth but we are done being fooled.
new book title but I get rights to it.  Grassley Legacy Lost - How 100 days destroyed a lifetime of work.  Or Odd Won Out
I'm ashamed to call you my senator, after you said you would vote for a horrible bill not matter what was in it, just to say you did it.
Please vote no on this healthcare bill. Show us your a republican who cares about something that will have a positive impact.
If you think this bill will have a positive impact. Please explain..  I've always thought of you as a stand up person.  Please don't let us
Why are you trying to Block the FBI from finding the Truth about Trump/Russia! You work for the People Not Trump or GOP!
Quit if you Can’t do your Job! Let the FBI do their Job or Quit & go to Nursing Home!
You get More Outrages everyday!
Do you not see: Trump and his team courted Putin. They were not "infiltrated".
Grassley is asking the FBI if it ever warned the Trump campaign about alleged Russian efforts to "infiltrate"

https://www.cbsnews.com/news/grassley-asks-fbi-about-any-counterintelligence-warnings-to-trump-campaign/ …

What a darling story, my story is Rs want to rip health insurance away from millions, restructure 1/6 of economy= this will hurt, maybe kill
@SenFeinstein @senjudiciary @HouseJudDems 
Can a Senator be investigated for abuse of power?
I'm a US citizen & I deserve justice.
@ChuckGrassley seems to think I don't involving #TrumpRussia #PenceRussia
I'm sure that obstruction of justice could prompt #GrassleyRussia.
We see through ur desperate attempt to save 45 by now going after the FBI! You are a traitor! You're wasting taxpayer money!

Including Senator Grassley
Because we all know you are a traitor!
Why are you trying to mess up the Mueller investigation? There is something wrong and shady about this .
Why are you trying to slow up the #RussiaInvestigation by targeting the FBI? I'm waiting for your answer #complicit
Fine w/keeping a campaign promise at the expense of millions of people? FBI subpoena thing? U r completely contemptible.
#complicit
Your behaviour as committee chair is shameful. Makes one think if you're trying to cover something up. Need a history lesson, Chick?
Stop "Interfering With Russian Investigation" and let the truth come into the light of day... Why are you doing this? I wonder...
Who would have ever thought that Grassley would be soft on the Russians? is he compromised? #comradeGrassley
What's w/ the new letter, Chuck? Still trying 2 discredit the FBI, Chuck? Your guilt is showing & America is watching. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
People might think you might be doing something like having a dinner meeting (i.e., work... you know what that is, right?). Silly people
Country & People before party Senator! Take OUR healthcare away & you better be willing to give up YOURS!!

Pledge to go on this crap bill!
The most immoral people masquerading as the most moral.. @ChuckGrassley
Alone and conspiring to halt the Russian investigation of the lying @realDonaldTrump ?! Meeting with your own Russian conspirators?! 
Chuck, how much money did the RNC take from Russia ? How much went to your campaign?
Are you joining Devin Nunes in trying to obstruct the investigation into Trump? What's your motive? Perhaps Mueller is investigating you.
Why you shittng on the @FBI ?
I'll tell you why:  Grassley is part of the cover up for Trump, Russia and Russian cash!
Folksy old coot, just tryin' to murder Americans with bad healthcare law and blaming FBI for Trump's collusion with Russia. #KKKGOP #Failure
Gosh ole' man why don't you move on and get another job. Maybe you could find your spine again.
You're not alone, you're in Trump's pocket! Taking active steps to cover for a traitor....When Trump is indicted, may YOU all be indicted 2!
Donors are antsy so let's let Americans die....
#GrahamCassidy
You are a real piece of sh*t that sides with Putin.


What is the matter with you? The FBI is not responsible for Trump being in bed with Putin. Are you in Putin's pocket? It's starting to seem.
You are trying to stall the Russia investigation. You are a traitor.



Why do you continue to cover up and obstruct the Trump Russia investigation?
https://twitter.com/selina3sticks/status/911034826718838784 …

U asked if FBI tried to warn trumputin abt russ? you must  really hate to disrespect collective intellect so much
Did they warn YOU about Russia? Your buddy McConnell knew and threatened Obama over publicizing it.
Did you show them your Merrick Garland butt plug? You never travel alone.
Senator Grassley is voting to Kill American Children Cancer patients will face a nightmare scenario if Trumpcare becomes law.
please vote no to the graham/Cassidy bill.
I have cogenital heart issue & don't believe it when you say pre-existing conditions are covered.  Do not pass bill just to pass something.
NO! You do NOT have to pass the harmful G-C law just because you campaigned on it. What are you thinking? What is Congress doing?

You want to create a narrative that blames everyone but Trump for collusion with a foreign adversary. You are a traitor to your country!
Trump new exactly what he was getting with Manafort, that's why he chose him. Stop obstructing and creating distractions, do your job!!
Please resign! It is clear you are more interested in covering for Trump than holding criminals accountable.
So your vote for the healthcare bill is pure politics and it doesn't matter if it cost folks their lives.  YOU HAVE IT ALL WRONG SENATOR!
You are an embarrassment to the country.
Tell your farmers good luck with the USDA! Tell them good luck with health care too.
Passing a flawed healthcare bill for the sake of passing a bill? Shame on you! But the GOP is incapable of shame.
Iowa one of the losers. Shame on you for this. Bad enough you were bought with ethenol.
"You know, I could maybe give you 10 reasons why this bill shouldn't be considered" Grassley
Cause you're supposed to fly 50 miles on a charter like all Republicans.
Great story. Now maybe try putting the people you supposedly represent ahead of your party’s interests. I know that’s really hard for you.
If this bill passes, what will you tell a grandchild who gets cancer and can't afford the $28,000 surcharge?
Heard your position on healthcare: "We pledged to kill you, so you must die." I hope you're proud of yourself! #PureEvil
Well so many of u on the right travel by chartered planes on us the tax payer
And while we r talking about abuse of tax$ by ur party r u going to investigate Price Mnuchin etc? lol I made myself laugh bc ur FRAUDS
so you want to take my childs health care away just to keep a campaign promise from a Russian backed president?  thanks for nothing!
Senator Grassley,STOP SABOTAGING the ACA and fix it.
What is wrong with you? Politics over policy?  Step aside your dementia is showing.
You should resign. This is outrageous
@POTUS @VP @FLOTUS @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC  Wow, Chuck, you really do confirm that you guys are a heartless bunch!
I sincerely hope there is a tumor somewhere deep and hard to get to doing work inside you.
Why do we have to have life and death struggles with our politicians because they want to protect their jobs?
So vote for the new bill  to keep a stupid campaign promise!?!The American people are First not your f--cked up GOP!

How could you possibly vote yes for something that the MAJORITY of Americans are against? Please work 4 all !
Why not. Your not special...
Pernicious pig fucking sociopathic piece of shit!
This is what you're tweeting about when you said this? You only want a win at all costs. Sick. Deplorable.
Vote NO on Trumpcare! Small business owners will not be able to afford healthcare. I own a small business, have asthma. This will ruin me.
You, sir, are a turd.
I don't see any tweets from you supporting Graham Cassidy-is that because it is a bad bill?

@ChuckGrassley is a liar, it's not about campaign promises either. It's about Koch brothers money funding their 2018 & 2020 campaigns. Greed
THERE YOU GO! I was born in Iowa but I'm not there now. Still, I'm ashamed of Grassley on all levels.
Grassley, your reason for voting against healthcare is, the GOP promised to do it? Even tho u said u could think of 10 reasons not to?
@jonanderson1992
While you're dining, let me tell you about how Medicaid saves my two disabled children and prevents medical bankruptcy. #KillTheBill
@SenatorBurr @SenatorLankford @LindseyGrahamSC @TGowdySC @DevinNunes  @realDonaldTrump @VP 

Mueller is not God!
Sir - you know in your heart that this bill is crap. If you truly want to repeal and replace then do it right. Leave the junk to Trump...
Bet those people don't make a living wage! Why don't you make it possible for all Iowans to make a living wage?
Vote no old timer. Just because death is knocking on your door the rest of us would like to be healthy. #GrahamCasiddy #CassidyGrahamBill
Check @SenFranken's twitter feed.  WAYYYYYY different than yours.  People actually love and respect him.
Vote 'No'! Do u want your legacy to be the guy that stole my healthcare?
DO THE RIGHT THING, Senator.  Put the health and welfare of the people of the United States above your RIDICULOUS campaign pledges and GOP.
Subpoena Manafort! What are you waiting for? Complicit?
Yes, he is actively running interference for the Trump crime family and trying to blame the FBI for not stopping Trump from colluding.
