@GOP trying to run interference for Trump. This was the worst act of treason ever committed against the US.
and they are going to get him.... what will your treasonous ass say then? More excuses!
haha... we'll see... IC is closing in!!
that's a lie! They said today that their is!! What FOX didn't tell you??
You are really desperate!  I guess it's ok to leak info as long as there is an (R) beside your name!
No sweetie you mean a D like open email servers selling our country to the highest bidder turning over uranium for cash! Democrats desperate
lock him up!!
Its legal for a Governor. He also wasn't transmitting classified info. HUGE DIFFERENCE
your read his email? And the ones currently set up by POTUS staff aren't either?
He confirmed!
and that makes sense to you? lol
elaborate?
you should re watch what was said. The investigation is about Russia a counter Intel investigation..
he specifically said the FBI is actively investigating Trump's camapign which Trump is part of
HILLARY was under criminal investigation.? Trump isn't
 Trump is under FBI investigation. Deal with it!
no he isn't it's a counter Intel investigation. But keep thinking that. I can't wait to you cry about it
Isn't there sufficient cause to remove Comey?
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NO TURMP WAS INNOCENT, KERRY, MCCAIN, CLINTON'S, OBAMA ARE THE VIOLATORS
The body that was just exhumed has now been stolen Clinton have a trial of murder.
Like Obama 8yrs there is secrecy & No transparency in the Intel agencies.Iraq chemical weapons lies to discredit Bush!
What in the world is going on down there in DC?  What is Comey up to?! Hell of a way to handle justice- Leaks, Leaks!
.@ChuckGrassley @POTUS 

Holy shit. This guy just leaked that Comey told him who was under investigation. Thats not going to go over well.
u mean comedy leaked it to someone that has no top secret credentials. So comedy is one of the leakers
comey, not comedy. Darn spell correct. Lol
I liked it the first way! I have to laugh to keep from crying.
@AllInForDJT @POTUS ain't gonna happen.
@ChrissyRoss108 @POTUS
Because the US was taping known Russian spies, & were surprised to find out who they were talking to. Traitors to America, that's who.
By law the police is not required to tell who is and is not under investigation nor is the IRS or friends of the court
the moment Comey didn't charge Hillary he lost all credibility and politicized a neutral agency
here is your cause to remove Comey from office.
@jaketapper why don't you report this on your #CNNSOTU show? Comey himself told Grassley/Feinstein that Trump is not under investigation.
Chuck you should get out there again and state it clear to the American people that Comey told you @POTUS is not under investigation.
At this point, you might as well tell us yourself.
Princess (Buttercup) Bride!
Fun DVD For Popcorn night with the Great Grandkids.
Are you wanting @FBI Comey to obstruct an ongoing investigation? You should resign! #Resist #Trumprussia #TrumpLeaks
plus not to mention all of ur dems have been trying to get him to comment on open investigations
Obstruction.
Keep up the good work! #MAGA #Draintheswamp
@ChrissyRoss108 @POTUS He needs to be removed as FBI director and be replaced by Trey Gowdy!
LOL, no.
I'm sure you say no! The dems would hate that because everybody you support would be in prison
Says the woman who is so arrogant she insists we all convert and accept her view of faith. Delusional on politics as well.
Comey seems compromised.
Comey has been compromised with the threats he received against him/family. watch for fast moving cars,falling planes,
he did, said they are.... are ya happy now??
you republicans are the dirtiest. Never again will I vote for one. You will feel the wrath in 2018!
Trump campaign traded Ukraine sanctions and betrayal of NATO for GRU hacking and oil money. Treason, pure and simple.
If you think that is treason I can't even begin to imagine what your thoughts are on Clinton giving Russia uranium excepting millions etc
keep on trolling @tootiebug7 you could care less about democracy and America
She's already blocked. When you see that idiotic uranium story, you know...
I've never researched it but I believe it's been discredited. Any lie works 4 that type
Typical Clinton stooge, claim a fact is a lie.
I'll have 2 study. Thanks. Looks like multinational Corp not only Russia. Bill Clinton is greedy.
But he won't.
he is not investigating potus. Campaign members maybe wiretap proves surveillance.
Was a response ever recieved to your letter?
Could what #Comey told U be similar to what Rep Nunes just learned about Trump people surveilled? Was Comey being evasive?
@DevinNunes Don't apologize if your intent was to be transparent and outraged by what u discovered.  Call Sen Grassley
everyone needs to read this tweet!! 
@fbi What the hell are you saying here? seeds of doubt? what? Confusing public? saying comey not doing his job?
given up on trusting him to do the right thing!
Now that he's told us all, STOP GORSUCH  hearings. Shame on you and Repubs.
U r kidding, right? Evidence by intelligence of Russian collusion is CLEAR. COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY, sir, that's what we EXPECT.
obvious he dislikes Trump.Playing  games with him so he cannot govern.Straight out of Obama's book.
COMEY GOT CRUSHED: What Wikileaks Leaked This Morning PROVES That James ... https://youtu.be/6tat1F_dr3I 
@OhSusieCue @POTUS And what did he tell you?  Asking for a friend.
Why don't you tell us? Be transparent. What did he tell you? Leaks were fine prior to 01/20/17. Speak UP!
Investigation needed on DNC collusion with MSM to manipulate election & Clinton Fdntn. selling access.
did he not say members of the Trump campaign are being investigated in regards to Russian collusion?
DISGRACE ....
If you have something to say, Chuck, be a man and say it.Sly footsie with the facts so unbecoming- speak up or shut up
It is NOT appropriate for intelligence and #LE to be "transparent" in an investigation. That's not how it works.
.@ChuckGrassley @POTUS If Comey did tell you something, you do realize that you are giving hints about classified information right?
Comey needs to resign. He's lost all credibility.  Time to clean house in Washington.  Still too much corruption.
Agree. Great to hear you this morning on Philadelphia radio. Comey seems to change his positions in the hearing.
he needs to be fired and jailed! #FireComey
Now we know. So: SCOTUS hearings paused? Why not?
Comey in this situation is doing more damage to the FBI by not telling the public. Patronising towards the public
It's pretty clear that Comey is still one of the swamp creatures. Should have been disposed of.
- @JamesComeyFBI should be terminated and then investigated, his actions during this election are questionable.
What did he tell you?@ChuckGrassley @POTUS
.@ChuckGrassley @tanajam @POTUS He needs 2either step down or B fired Senator.Let's be real.His credibility is ZERO.No "INTENT"by clintonn?
It shouldn't be a surprise that Obama had FBI investigate Trump to smear him and help Clinton win. But it failed. No evidence
Using govt power 2 investigate opposition candidate/leader w/out probable cause is calling card of unlawful regimes.
You were tweeting yesterday senator. Why did you say that you weren't.  Time to retire .@ChrisCuomo
Comey will never be trsnsparent.. @realDonaldTrump  needs to get tid of Comey & Koskinen ASAP! #ThePeoplesWill!
Country over Party. Very sad that this has to be said to you. Defending Trump is indefensible. You will not recover.
we now know the side you have chosen, and it's not the one for democracy and the American PPL.. we won't forget.
He made it 100% CLEAR they r investigating Russian interference & COLLUSION W/RUSSIA & TRUMP CAMPAIGN,WE RNT DUMB!
This guy just lied on CNN saying he did not tweet during briefing but here is the tweet LIAR LIAR LIAR
I sat here this morning watching you on CNN and you said you did not tweet when Comey was talking but here it is LIAR
@AdamSchiffCA Do you know @ChuckGrassley is tweeting this? @SenFeinstein
And what is that Mr. Grassley? Obviously by your tweet he's smart enough to know you can't be trusted. #leaker
Enjoy! You will be voted out before you know it. We see you.
If he won't tell us YOU need to!!!! Do it for your country!!!!!!!!
FBI should find intel leaks with Top Priority.  Or have they found and holding back from public.
Or you could put on your 'big boy' pants @ChuckGrassley  and come for the sake of this country. Somebody has to be big
@EyeGloArts @POTUS can only imagine he's fully aware of what happened but he is politicized. Needs to go.
Time for Comey to go. We need new eyes. He has way too much baggage with the libtards
noticed he had no problem talking nonsensical conclusions but refused on leaks. How do we know he's not leaker?
Maybe you should fact check yourself before going on CNN to lie about what you tweeted. "No I tweeted Sunday about it"
@ChrisCuomo  was correct to ask you about you twitter comments from Monday on the FBI questioning..he's doing his job 
@ChrisCuomo U just lied on @CNN. You did tweet yesterday during the hearings. Deflect and distract! Shame on you.
if you think it is fine for Comey to say it, why don't U just say it? Have some backbone. Oh right, your a politician
you don't say anything that may affect your electability.  DRAIN THE SWAMP of you.   You can speak your mind.
can you tell us @ChuckGrassley ? Please?
Hmmm sounds like u r trying to deflect.  Stop interfering.  Do ur job and put country over party.
Comey was very clear-he is investigating Trump campaign (&all associated w/it) & Russian attempt 2 influence election
I guess @ChrisCuomo  was correct about you tweeting yesterday.
You just lied to @ChrisCuomo you did tweet yesterday about the hearing / why are You backing this traitor & not  LIAR
Why did you lie to Cuomo about when you sent these tweets? @ChrisCuomo
You got your wish!
was this sunday?
you seem really grumpy....mean to @ChrisCuomo @CNN what's wrong?
You just told Chris Cuomo u tweeted about Comey on Sunday, not Monday. Did u not think this could be checked out? Sad!
how can you live with yourself ?
@ChrisCuomo YESTERDAY! NOT SUNDAY. #alternativefacts
pray he is...so we can be rid of #45 sooner than later...before it's too late.
you just lied on CNN and said you didn't tweet about this very issue. Massive you're so out of touch you need replaced
@QnbMac @POTUS if he wont you should. You owe it to those who voted for you.!!!
Ummmm....this was posted on MONDAY!
or you could just tell us Grassley
Frankly, I wonder if YOU need to be investigated for Russian collusion...What horrible video does Putin have on you?
He let Clinton go with massive indictment and has massive evidence of foreign donations to Clinton

@TonyAlbright5 @POTUS
Yes, it will be interesting to see how it plays out. I believe @POTUS has a few cards of his own. 
could you good folks in the senate make the FBI tell the truth i mean what country is this USA we need transparency
@FBI @Comey has been at this for 9 months-
No Bleachbit used, and YET- no evidence what so ever @!
MBO' Islamic dictator
tells @Comey,, Hands Off DNC Servers,,
vs Seize Them. 

What Bs did he Say Now?
@ScreamngEagle @POTUS "Deep Throat"was FBI.Is @jamescomey/Dep.Andrew Mccabe(wife1m donations)leaking classified info?Treason?
INVESTIGATING P-TRUMP 4 WHAT IT IS ALL MADE UP BS BY HC & OB & THE LYING MEDIA
Partisan hack. Enabling treason is the same as treason itself.  Pathetic.
@SaraCarterDC @POTUS Mr Comey needs to tell America people the truth. I agree let's get Trey Gowdy to grill all bad actors.
you mean in that "classified" briefing that you just made public
I haven't heard what did FBI Dir Comey tell you?  Is he or is he not investigating POTUS?
@MOVEFORWARDHUGE @POTUS he and McCabe need to go.  ASAP
Comey had clearly told public that he is NOT investigating President Trump!
@Conservatexian.
Is it a leak if Comey provided intercept transcripts to Obama WH of Trump campaign phone calls & Obama/staff gave it to media?
Lynch was Comey boss she is doing resist videos is Comey resisting and obstructing like she is calling for?
Conflict of interest for Comey he makes judgment and passes opinion way out of line
Comey shouldn't be on active duty while testifying in investigation for now Trump then Hillary how can he be fair?
The inept civil servants (Comey) who are pushing FAKE news about Russia screwed the pooch with the Tsarnaev brothers.
@SaraCarterDC @POTUS Thank you, we're so upset. No way you can tell us?
Treason is sympathizing with Islamonazis while trying to start a war withm Russia, a fundamentally western country.
I think Putin hated Obama MUCH more than Hillary the Uranium SalesWoman
Project Dragnet, Logs of everything from all his business's and anybody in contact with @POTUS the last 8 years
Felons Comey,Obama, Biden Clapper,and their criminal empire, need to just come clean 
Russia & OPEC are funding anti fracking campaigns in U.S.  Trump is deregulating U.S. oil and gas production.
I believe he said Chuck!
We Americans need the Truth we've been lied to for so long!!!!
what did Comey tell you? #draintheswamp
Comey is another bought and paid for inept civil servant. Drain the SWAMP!
@SaraCarterDC @POTUS Director Comey needs to be Drained from the Swamp asap! Can't be trusted.
ask him if other forms of surveillance were used for any Trump advisors, friends, business. We know they did!
Comey's conduct today is making thet U.S. look weak.  Why doesn't he look into Uranium One Deal? He is double minded.
@Tess4579 @POTUS Transparent? Lol lol Is that a joke?
I don't think this FBI director is an honest person.  He needs to be drained from the swamp. LIARS must go. We can handle the truth.
We already know Comey is dirty 2his soul. FIRE HIM POTUS A STONECOLE DEVIL LIAR COMING AFTER YOU 4 OBAMA. WATCH
Mr. Grassley needs to remember his oath of office.
Tell us again why Comey is still the FBI director.
What did he tell you? @ChuckGrassley @SaraCarterDC @POTUS

I'm seriously beginning to think Dir Comey is a schizophrenic. His attitudes, prejudices & analysis seem to change every 24 hours
I have lost confidence in Dir. Comey, due to double standards in reporting something's! He has been to political!
Cuz he can't declas that info any more than you can. And you know that. So why throw more shit in the game, Senator?
Would you Sir, consider telling us, because it's doubtful Dir Comey will ever be candid with the American people.
just tell us yourself! It's obvious nothing will happen to you and none of the other leakers. Criminals @POTUS
You and the GOP need to be just as transparent. That won't happen.
Now we know Comey IS investigating @POTUS. Thankful we have smart GOP like @ChuckGrassley who put country ahead of party.
@roswell2001 @POTUS ... never gonna happen. Comey is political and hates Trump. Obvious by naming him today in investigation.
No comey needs to quit or get fired.
He probably is, because Obama told him to , he is a DEM puppet and will lie, cheat or manufacture evidence.
After he let Hillary off, no confidence in him. Wikileaks said CIA can pass off as Russia in messaging,I agree
Comey has too much power! If he is not investigating Trump he should have said,we deserve to know! We don't trust him
Seems to me James Comey is trying to play both sides. Privately telling you and your colleagues POTUS is clear but publicly casting doubt.
You could tell us. We'd love to know.

Comey has no credibility.
He needs to go.
Thanks for being the voice of reason in a sea of rabid jackal democrats manufacturing spy novel plots.
I'm guessing he is. Manafort. Sad he kpt scrt invstgn of Trump/Russia collusn, but snt ltter to cngrs (leaked) re HRC
weird
President Trump needs to apologize to President Obama.  There was no evidence of a wiretap or surveillance.
GOP/44 polls show US isn't buying your BS or throwing you a life line. Pop go the weasels!!!!!!
@KurtSchlichter @POTUS Why the hell is he still director?!!
He needs to go. He never comes across as serving justice. Always seems like he has a different agenda.
Why? #impeach45
@MSNBC @cnn @foxnews and why, exactly, would Comey tell you anything?  Another lying Senator or more DC slime?
The American people are really SICK of the dog & pony shows up there, NOTHING is ever done 2 law breakers
@MermaidSeaTail1 @POTUS Comey should be fired for keeping information from congress! He has too much power and is corrupt
Trump needs to be transparent - release his taxes!  What is the GOP hiding?
Job security...he's a part of the swamp that needs draining!
Party before country, I see.  @POTUS
Careful Chuck! You may have just released classified information
@KurtSchlichter @POTUS is he telling one story behind closed doors and another to the public???
@EvelynOConnor15 @POTUS Forget transparency. Comey the Clown needs to be truthful!
history will judge you poorly!
or...You could.
It seems in the last 6 months or so @FBI Dir Comey is playing politics 1st w./Clinton now with @POTUS
he's lied so much he can't keep up with them
@KurtSchlichter @POTUS what if it is classified info?
Americans turned to the ballot box in November. What will they do next to protect against elites in DC
either stand up and be a patriot or resign
admit a coup d'etat  is happening and you are a part of it. Shameful
@misstozak @POTUS Based on my extensive research, I conclude that EVERYTHING points back to RUSSIA
You were just quoted on FOX News. Impressive!
@GaetaSusan @POTUS he is deceptive. He believes the Russians hated Hillary so much they helped trump w/no facts/evidence
You're not transparent so y Comey? DC accepts worthless daily. Y should today be different? yourself.
Chuck @FBI will NOT protect me or KIDS from Philly Lawyers that control RAD LEFT Activists(Teachers) that Corrupt KIDS @POTUS
How can Comey investigate his BOSS?
 @POTUS
YOU are basically LEAKING information from a CLASSIFIED BRIEFING RIGHT NOW!  What the hell is wrong with you???? Hypocrite!!
@carolebfrank @POTUS  yea right
@JohnBarronUSA @POTUS Maybe you weren't listening to hearings  He said he was since Trump,  GOP hacked Dems posing as Russian
Comey could not dodge and deflect any faster. Cut to impeachment. Dems have no votes = fail. Eat a good supper.
what has Clinton and Obama got on lying Comey? Or is he just afraid he will be another of Clinton's body count?
