TALK TALK TALK...time to act! Confirm conservative judges. CHANGE THE RULES. All R's do is talk and fight!
Way to go Senator Grassley. Stay involved with your people, even when issues are tough keep them informed and involved. Thank you.
We deserve to know what's in the dossier Chuck, we deserve to see the transcripts
Just do Your Job and Impeach Trump for Trump/Russia! You have the Proof!
You have evidence that Trump is guilty now start the impeachment!
remembered for is you squirming for a treason aid & abet out when asked about release of Fusion Simpson’s PROOF of PISS dossier veracity!
As a Omaha, NE resident who owns business properties in IA I'm imploring you to do something & remove the unfit-disturbed @realDonaldTrump.
Walking ad for mandatory Congress retire at 70 “Ass-is” Grassley, godfather of  PeePee Toad Steve “Melon Calf” King, all Mt Ayr...
Senator Chuck Grassley is trying to help in coverup of Trumps Russian Collusion! Release the transcript of 10-hour Simpson/Fusion on dossier
RELEASE THE SIMPSON TRANSCRIPT!
Simpson transcript please.  #russianpuppet #permitnazi
Release Simpson transcript asap-his attny ok'd. Then have open hearings with Jr & Manafort. Public wants transparency!
Fusion GPS testimony needs to be released! Vote on it now
closet at Bring’em Young Med Ctr…he can be your orderly/bum & drool wiper!
Sir if you have any thing that can Finley take down Donald Trump I know the American people would be happy to see it
Russia, Senator--there is now NO reason not to release the Fusion-GPS transcripts. Protect our country.
release the 40,000 pages backing pissed-on Drumpf REAL NEWS, you 60-yr veteran fraud KOCH-sucker! TRUE!” Bugger off to Alzheimer’s Rest...
from Mt Ayr MAN, Simpson & lawyer issued statement directly to Maddow: “Please, Senator LYING Pussyass Aid-Abet, release the testimony, ...
I knew that 'Dossier' was true when it was first published back in January-it just keeps popping up again & again-Give it up Chucky!!
We would like to see the release of the Glenn Simpson transcript - We know you are stalling -the American ppl deserve the truth dammit!
Release the transcripts! Simpson gave the okay. So you must RELEASE THE TRANSCRIPTS. Please.
Please release the transcript of 10-hour Q&A with investigator. Since taxpayers pay the bills that transcript belongs to us.
Please release the transcript!
Listen sir this better not be why it won't get voted threw the committee be cause it if does your sir in complicit and we will find out .
You retweet people who can't even spell correctly - intellectual, indeed.
Hahaha, yes, because nobody (especially Trump) ever has a typo on twitter 
If U can't use spell check u're no brainiac,
honey-get back 2 me when U start winning elections-U can't, even after throwing away millions.
Home with “Ass” Hatch & all the other older than dirt Toad(R) Nazis around Congress, maybe Brokefoot Mountain Chafe-fits comfy...
Stop tweeting jumbled bullshit and RELEASE THE 10 hr transcript of Simpson "Trump dossier" NOW! Stop your gdamned coverup!
Please release the dossier.  The people need to know.
The dossier has been released, its the transcript of the interview with the writers of that dossier to the judiciary committee. #impeach
Doh! I knew that.
You face the music.  I'll give you that Chuck.  Let's release this transcript and get a crook and his crew out of the White House.
Has your GOP pervert in chief resigned yet?
Senator! U can release the trnscpts of the 10 hr. Hrng abt the Dossier now! No nd. for a delay since the man who testified gave permission!
You calling it Pooty Call FAKE gnus & attacking FBI/CIA use of it as a way to Devi Nunes’ your own committee’s supposed investigation ...
Hi! #ReleaseTheTranscript please. Simpson's lawyer gave the ok. No more stalling. And when is #DonaldTrumpJr testifying? #SteeleDossier
#stopthemadness
Release the Glenn Simpson testimony transcripts that your  well-informed constituent at your Mt Ayr town hall politely demanded.
https://twitter.com/waltshaub/status/900102485611868160 …
Tap tap tap ....we're waiting
Please vote to release! Thanks in advance..
Stop covering for you know who.  You work for the American people and are bound by your oath to our Constitution.  Do your job.
We know the witness for the Dossier gave you permission to release the dossier.  We want you to release it.
And what will you actually DO?
Please release Trump Dossier Transcripts. No more delays. Hold a vote now. America is counting on you to do this.
Whistle blowers, oh please Patriots! Because of your own bigotry, yes cspan viewer for years.Do your job.DT,is a lifetime racist & $$ cheat!
Let's find the truth about Trump. Obama was a vacation compared to Trump. How the GOP can support him at all is beyond comprehension.
Do you realize that denying Pres. Obama hearing for a Supreme Court Justice was unconstitutional. That never should have been allowed.
Please do not delay the release of the transcripts of the Glenn Simpson interview. Isn't enough that you denied Obama a Supreme Court pick.
I would also like to see the transcripts of the Glenn Simpson 10 hour interview over the dossier.
Tell us why you CAN'T release the Dossier! Don't tell us why you gonna vote on it to release! Author gave permission to release!!!
Steel Dossier..WE DEMAND YOU RELEASE THE INTERVIEW TRANSCRIPTS! #ReleaseTheTranscripts #ReleaseTheTranscripts
Please release asap the transcript from the dossier .. Glenn Simpson interview.
The American citizens demand it.
Please release the transcript from the fusion gps hearing held yesterday.  Please vote ASAP.  Fusion gave ok to release.
Never believed you put country before party but your chairmanship on Russia Investigation gives me great hope!  Stay strong and focused!
It's tax cuts for the rich, NOT reform.
Go ahead and publish Mr. Simpson's testimony on Trump Dossier.  Keep your word.  I dare you.
It's time to release the Simpson interview?  America deserves to know the truth. Stop protecting the lies of Trump!
OK TRUMP http://PROTECTOR-RELEASE.THE.TRANSCRIPT.NOW . GIVE UP LACKEY. http://RELEASE.NOW 
Release the transcript of Glenn Simpson's hearing - they've given u the go ahead, so GO AHEAD. Stop ducking the truth. #ReleaseTheTranscript
Where are the transcripts we tax paying Americans deserve know wats going on...
Release the transcript from your questioning about the trump dossier! Be an American, not a republican!
UR townhall mtg was broadcast on @maddow.  Fusion okay with releasing transcript.  Go Chuck!  Act on UR promise at townhall.
Thank you Mt. Aye, Iowa!  Release the Trump-Russia dossier!!
Release the Simpson transcripts to the American people!!!!#now
Simpson's lawyers say transcript is Jud Cmtee's & can be released. American ppl deserve to have full access. cc: @SenFeinstein @ZekeJMiller
Mr Simpson's lawyer gives permission for your committee to release the transcript. So #DoSomethingGOP

His crying voice echoes in our ears till this day. 
Our hearts were with him every single moment until he got to the hospital. 

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
Release the Simpson transcripts. Or are you part of the #TrumpRussia cover-up? Please be on the right side of history, sir.
Gorka is a Nazi. Putin is ok with Nazis too. #GOPsilent #FireGorka
Christoph Hörstel, the leader of the German anti-Semitic party "Deutsche Mitte", visited Russia-annexed Crimea and met with Putin. 

Trump Adviser Gorka wearing nazi ally uniform-the nazi group says he swore lifetime oath-so a nazi's LITERALLY in the WH!

…
#GOPsilent #FireGorka
Sen. Blumenthal presses DOJ on investigation of Trump adviser Sebastian Gorka: "It's fundamental issue of trust" 
Release the Simpson transcript. We deserve to know.
#FireGorka #GOPsilent
There are serious questions about the President's capacity to lead the nation. We need more adults in White House: Gorka & Miller should go. 
https://mobile.twitter.com/OmanReagan/status/896563796071731201 …
Please release asap the transcript from the dossier .. Glenn Simpson interview !
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/898914860850757634 …

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
#MerrickGarland #fake99countymeetings
MERRICK GARLAND
NEIL GORSUCH

Thank you sir
500,000 in the metro don't deserve a town hall for more than 10 years, apparently. Geez Grassley, do better for these citizens.
We are watching each and everyone of the GOP. Time to stand up for country#Impeachtrump. He is destroying our country. No more excuses
What are u going tp do abt potus? History is watching and ppl will be voting #ImpeachTrump .what will your legacy be? Any integrity in Iowa?
Weekly Trump property visits. Overcharging. Taxpayers are just an income stream for Trump and his family. He is only building his brand. Sad
Worst Tweeter Ever! Dude, talk to your granddaughter and get a crash course, seriously!
Nothing about Trump's erratic behavior Nothing about Comey firing. Nothing about blocking judge Garland?  Really? Nothing about in politics
Make a thread! You don't have to fit a whole day in one tweet. Tell us some of the questions, answers, and highlights next time.
Thanks Senator Grassley!  Glad to see you out on the trail again meeting w/constituents..hearing what WE want, not the media!
Please save America.Trump is utterly and completely #UnfitForOffice
Show Us!
Grassley racism & Russia are two issues he loves and embraces. He's a Trump puppet. To fund Secret Service he will strip $$ from poor & kids
Quit tweeting and start working #donothingcongress
Sen. Grassley is on recess and meeting w/his constituents. Its that whole representative democracy thing.  Might want to read about it!
Grassley and the  GOP in the Senate need to get off their ass and get to work and pass legislation. You know WORK you might of heard of it,
While I share your frustration, take it up with McCain, McConell etc.  Grassley got us Gorsuch&voted to repeal HCA. He's not the prob
It's getting colder in Iowa.
Burrrrrrr
