Mandate everify for all employers. Check all current and future employers.I lived in severla major cities.they refuse to hire Americans..
@WhiteHouse @SenTedCruz we need everify mandated for All employers.check current and future employees.they won't hire any Americans.plz help
Lol "shepherd'. That's a good one. I guess wisdom doesn't necessarily come with age.
I hope you have seen the devastating story out of Bondurant. A mentally ill young man killed his ENTIRE family while they were planning a
birthday party. You made it easier for the mentally ill to acquire guns. This tragedy is ON YOU. You sold your soul to the NRA. RETIRE NOW.
Grassley did a herculean job! He was unwavering, precise in words and full of conviction. Thank you! 
This was pure Washington bullshit which the lawnmower man said he was opposed too. He shows no respect to other than republican party.
You mean like Schiff,Schumer, Pelosi, Warren,Warner,Kaine, & other liberal politicians who choose party over country.Settle down,we got this
Set women and workers back to 1900
Were you glad to deny a legitimate candidate last year? You are what is wrong with America
You're disgusting!
tRump is lining his pockets w millions in tax payer dollars to vacation at his own resort nearly
every weekend.   Why wont you or anyone else in the GOP SAY or DO anything about this??
Thank you, Senator Grassley, for all your hard work!!!!
If this is real feeling you need catch up and get an education. This kind of behavior the lawnmower man said he was against then did anyway.
I don't agree with Gorsuch's views but that's not enough of a reason to vote to block him - that's taking advice & consent too far
We will remember next election for sure. Bye Bye. #repealandreplace you
Now you can get back to work? Where the hell is all the money coming from for Trumps golf outings??
Yes; we got that, Charlie.
You put your own beliefs and party above everyone else and the State of Iowa by refusing to hear Garland. YOU work for US.
Amen to that.  You nailed it. Sell our private info for $135,000 from the communications lobbyists is another example of his disrespect.
We need everify ASAP. It is just outrageous how we haven't had a difference in employment of illegals. Haven't seen 1 leave yet.
I hate you so much
Do you feel bad at all? Every single comment to you is negative, you DO NOT represent the PEOPLE of Iowa, you have become a HUGE joke!
You didn't hold a hearing for Garland, instead you selected a person who thinks you should freeze to death for your employer or be fired.
So cool that you can whine like toddlers and change the rules at will.   If I did that at work I'd be fired. I want to work in Congress.
Shame, shame, shame, shame on you.

Senator @ChuckGrassley will be talking with DAN & DAN on @WOC1420am listen online at  http://www.woc1420.com   #wednesdaywisdom #MAGA
Despite objections from your constituents. You abetted a illegitimate judge. Claim to fame.
Was it Garland by any chance?
He was rejected by the American people on November 9th. Deal with it.
If by "the American People" you mean "the electoral college," you'd still be wrong Donny. Garland never had the opportunity to be rejected.
GorSuch RobertsBUYBULLBASED BONANZA @CASIUS BELLI =WARIS HELL ON THE POOR
@DJTUSAWAR PROFITEER S" 
AD-911&SYERIAN FALSE FLAG BC=BodyCount
It's at the point that you might be suffering from dementia. Retire.
You need to have a town hall. There are a lot of constituents who would like to speak to you
Way to cement your legacy, Chuck. You will always be remembered as a monumental piece of shit.
R u ever going to answer what your tweet to Donald Trump was about? I've asked several times. I live in your state, you owe me an answer.
Good luck.
I'm fully aware. Got the "you folks" letter already.
Thank you for standing OUR ground Chuck, we appreciate it!!  Kossuth County GOP, looking frward to your next visit, when might be, I will be
I'm so happy for u Chuckles. You RUINED whatever legacy you had built by being a completely useless political hack. #MerrickGarland
Too bad your out in 2018.  #votethemallout
Thank you for your decision a year ago not to hold judicial hearings.
Your ego and foolishness are shameful. *Neil Gorsuch will always have an *.
Were you also glad to disrupt the process and divide the country more in half than it already is?  Just wondering. #doyoujob #garland
Nooice! You only had to elect a fascist, sacrifice any principles you may have had, and change the rules in the Senate.
I'm sure you're too dense to recognize the importance of this moment for the future of American democracy. #MerrickGarland #StolenSeat
FFS
I feel like your Twitter account can't remember anything you did before Nov 2016. #garland #obstruction #hypocrites
#hypocrite you are a partisan hack, my man. 

He will be terrible for working people. Great for the rich.
You filibustered an outstanding candidate for 10 months now you're patting your self on the back for being a partisan shill for Trump
@KimWeaverIA   I'm supporting you in the hope we can get people like Steve King and Grassley voted out!!
Not Merrick Garland.
"Shepherd?"  Inappropriate comment. You back stabbed Iowans because your party is more important.
@SenateGOP SHEPHERD! OMG LMAO. You now own the DESTRUCTION OF THE US CONSTITUTION. THE MAJORITY of Americans  will never forget. GOP out!
MERRICK GARLAND
He's not outstanding. Gorsuch is illegitimate just like our POTUS and nothing you tweet will change that. #Resign #ResignNow
You saved our future. Thank you!
*steal a seat for an ideologue from a moderate and change the rules of #democracy. When is your next #townhall?
Chuckles, you funny. How does it feel to be McConnell's bootlicker?  Do you have your own conscience?
so pathetic. U had to go nuclear n break 200 yrs of Senate tradition to do it. Feel free to retire asap.
PURE PARTISAN POISON.  IT WILL BE INTERESTING BECAUSE NOW THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DON'T HAVE TO RESPECT THE LAW AFTER THESE @GOP ANTICS.
happened.  #Grassleyslastterm
I would like to thank you obstructing the will of the people.  Remember if it weren't for your obstuction a year ago this shit wouldn't have
If only you had!! GOP water boy, not chair. Go back to Richmond!! Retire in disgrace.
You treated another outstanding candidate, Merrick Garland, with shameful disrespect.
what about Mitch? Hope you both lose next elections
You will all stand before God on Judgement Day, before the Supreme Judge of the Universe. See what He says about your devious shenanigans.
You sound more and more like trump; having to pay yourself on the back because everyone else knows you have done a bad job.
Think you might be confused! You blocked the outstanding candidate for Supreme Court but refusing to convene a hearing for M Garland!
Where was the shepherding of Obama's outstanding candidate?. #obstruction
You've gotta be fucking kidding, Chuck. Gorsuch is a neophyte hack compared to Garland. Be a man, not a hypocrite. What you did was bullshit
It's sickening how readily you sold out voters and U.S. gov't norms for blindly partisan gain. I'm disappointed by our so-called leaders.
Shepherd? As in mindless sheep?
Stop congratulating yourself on the worst in partisanship that we've seen in years. #dispicable
#StolenSeat
I live in Iowa and all I can say to you is Merrick Garland
Thanks to you and @SenateMajLdr  we now have a top notch justice which I am sure will be one of the greats.
Term limits amendment, now!! You need to go.
3 You're an embarrassment to IA and the USA, and I'm ashamed to call you my senator.
2 Because of your total lack of shame now I'll do something else I've never done before; starting 2018 I'm a D vol and donor.
1 You & your fellow R's behavior 2008-2011 made me do something in 2012 that I'd never done before; vote straight D.
Brazenly stolen seat. #shame
How can you sleep at night after your shameful treatment of Garland?
There was no shepherding here but bully ramming! Only thing terribly outstanding is his, your, and the GOP's partisanship
Do you believe in a #Hell senator??
Stop.  You're just embarrassing yourself at this point.
History will not remember you kindly. Your obstruction with Garland, then the "nuclear option" are both unprecedented. Country before party
Garland? Oh wait...
Shit, you're a shepherd? I thought you were a public servant for us Iowans. 
Chuck, we aren't paying you to have your herd shit all over us.
You're a disgrace to Iowa.
I really wish you could have at least gone through the motions with Obama's nominee.
#ShameOnYou for twisting the constitution to fit your needs. #IllegitimatePOTUS = #IllegitimateSCOTUS
so now we have an unconstitutional justice selected by 54 senators who have ignored the constitutional oaths that they swore! Resign Chuck!
Sorry you think that because what you did last year was WRONG....no Legacy here.
as glad as you were to deny athat seat to more qualified candidate last year. Shame on you.
Must be nice to have a job where you can just the rules to suit you if you aren't winning.  You should be ashamed.
Thank you!  We appreciate you and your efforts!
Only nominee to get less than 60 votes. Nice history for Gorsuch. 
By blocking constitutional process & disenfranchising minority u trod first few steps that totalitarians do. U should be ashamed of urself.
Not too impressive. You had the lower the bar and rewrite the rules to get it done. No honor among thieves.
You better serve our state and country by riding your Deere in a corn field
After unprecedented obstruction, you had to change the process just to get a majority vote. You didn't shepherd, you shoved down our throats
Please resign.
You can stop bragging that you did not do your job.
Shephard or ram him through?!
You obstructed for months and did not do your job. Resign already.
You are So Political You work for the ones who give you the most $ How Much did the Koch Brothers give you for Gorsuch?
You mean obstruct so you could ram through your guy. I used to have respect for you as my Senator. This year you have disgraced your seat
SHAME ON YOU for not hearing Obama's pick and SHAME ON YOU for not voting to keep the traditional 60 senator vote for SCOTUS.
Garland? Oh No You Blocked Him for An Ass who does Not have Humanity!
You refused to do your duty to provide advice and consent for eleven months for Garland because you were afraid of a Dem nominee.
When will you be coming to Red Oak Iowa?
Your judgement needs a tuneup.  We are democratic republic, not theocracy
We have someone that will judge on our constitution and laws not make his own our make judgements that are political. 100 seats 4 Fed Appeal
Constitution calls for individual rights, not mob rule.  Gorsuch against some rights, not a constitutionalist.  He will be "making his own"
We differ but guess what u lose he's there 4 life & @POTUS has almost 100 seats 2 fill on Fed Appeals court. Hooray! Harry Reid screwed Dems
You refused to hold a hearing for 11 months for the previous Supreme Court candidate. That's very dishonorable.
Merrick Garland 
#WeWontForget your duplicity, Chuck.
Merrick Garland. #stolenseat
Have you apologized to tMerrick Garland yet? He was truly outstanding. You shepherded Gorsuch in by changing 200+ yrs of rules and norms!
you old cheat.
Shepard, Shove...semantics
You had to change the rules to force your candidate in. PATHETIC!
Wait I thought I unfollowed your rim-job self already.
where’s your photo with Merrick Garland you corncob hypocrite?
