Best President ever
Did he tell you how large the crowd was???????????
What happened to the once honorable Chuck Grassley?  What a way to leave. Disgraced.
I am sorry that 45 has you fooled-he doesn't give a flying fig about you his ultimate is to compromise U- in orde 4Djr getting off JUDICIARY
Did you talk about reducing disaster accounts to finance the wall?

One of the good guys
Impeccable timing with his son's testimony coming up.  I know you're not naive, @ChuckGrassley.
@unixgrl12 @ChuckGrassley @realDonaldTrump Please tell me Grassely is not going to cave!
I hope not.  The testimony isn't public, so how will we know.  We're going to have to see transcripts to know if he pulls his punches.
Trump is so freakin' smarmy.
Isn't it time that we stopped with all the hate? Our nation just got hit by a devastating hurricane. Some repentance might be in order.
You have lost credibility Chuck. Working FOR Trump to discredit Comey is UNCONSCIONABLE. You are the swamp
You mean his reversal of Obama's flood risk bill 2 weeks before Harvey hit?
Those in Houston DO NOT THANK TRUMP. All he cares about is promoting himself. Don't believe we will see a buckle of the $1 million.
Why would he call you the night before jr testimony? @ChuckGrassley Makes no sense/wants a deal VERY SUSPICIOUS!!!! Hope you are clean!
Come on Senator! Who r u pandering to here?! You know the real deal #TrumpRussia #BeALeader #Integrity
Release the "pee tape" testimony Chuck.  Redeem yourself.
Quit colluding with him on the Senate investigation. Your continued contact with him shows your bias. Stop embarrassing Iowans.
Wow, isn't that a conflict of interest w/ what's happening with his son? Maybe you should resign before questioning Don Jr. @OfficeGovEthics
I'm taking two steps toward you Chuck, don't make me back away again please!
I don't suppose you mentioned how inappropriate it is for him to contact you about "ethanol" during probe?
Quid pro quo? #TrumpRussia
Right after cutting a deal w/ him..every1 that sucks up to him tells on themselves on twitter just like the orange  poopsickle
#Trump obviously influencing Senate investigation using #ethanol your inquire regarding #Clinton probe & #Comey giving credence 2 his claim
Besides the Photo Op; what has Trump done to help?  Chuck's sorry attempt to prop up a failing President; "Trumps 4th continued attempt . ."
Don't be naive.
He called you to get his son off the hook.
He is playing you and will not keep whatever promises he made to you. Just makes you look compromised. Don't be a patsy. We need you 
Does he often call you.....? Timing seems rather too coincidental.....
Trump is INTENTIONALLY warming up to you! Your investigating his son & have say on release of Dossier! I don't believe your this naive!
Did you thank him for cutting Flood Protection Regulations?
Not a coincidence he called a day after we hear Jr is set to appear b4 SIC Pls Don't let this corrupt sociopath or political needs interfere
Quid Pro Quo.    Can't wait to hear how the hearings with the Ethanol lover's son works out.  Going to release that report?
Thanks for sucking up, Chuck.

Donald Trump has an ethanol deal for Chuck Grassley, who will be speaking with Donald Trump Jr. soon http://ow.ly/dvFo30eOYnD 
Imagine that when @DonaldJTrumpJr is about to testify before Judiciary Committee.
you mean his trip to Texas where he didn't talk to any of the victims. Same trip he and his do-nothing Flotus wore those ugly ass hats
3 words, obstruction of justice...And you're complicit. We want the transcript of your conversation #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachGrassley #Resist
You're a fool and look dirty #CORRUPTION
s://www.facebook.com/pnehlen/videos/1973212506282485/ …

and now so do the rest of american and your constituiants
for the record thanks to @maddow we know Trump called you about this..
Right before Jrs interview...just talking about corn ;) surrrre
He's trying to con you. he wants you to go easy on Don Jr. tomorrow when Don testifies.
This is either a lie or he just bought you.
How many times did @realDonaldTrump ask u to kill the #TrumpRussia  investigation??? What did u tell him? Guess we'll find out based on....
your actions!!!
And then he thanked you for the expected good treatment of his son and your help shutting any investigations into his administration.
Did he ask you to go easy on Donald Jr.?
I'm sure he had nothing to say about your investigation? Cmon be honest
He also mentioned something else didn't he?!!

A promise of Ethanol...now will you take the BRIBE??

We are all watching you Senator 
You know we can see this, right? You. Are. Investigating. Him. You. Are. Bragging. About. Mutual. Back. Slapping. Get. Your. S**t. Together
You were once a smart man Senator.
Putting up more chaff to hide your phone call from @POTUS. #PayToPlay
#PayForPlay
#TrumpRussia
And I would bet a years salary Don Jr came up and you told him not to worry about it.  You all toss your integrity into the trash for cheap.
Why is he calling YOU,!who is on the judiciary committee and about to question his son, AT ALL?!?!? #corruptaf
@maddow so that is your price?! You're a cheap date...ALL it takes for you to cover up treason is a call! Did Putin call you 2? #GOPTRAITOR
The world is watching Chuck....
Trump buying off grassley
Do your job we want answers on Russia!
@POTUS IS WEAK
@POTUS IS A RACIST
@POTUS IS A CROOK
Timing is suspect with the congressional hearings, are you selling ur soul Grassley?
This seems like a conflict of interest situation given the work of your committee and whom you have soon giving testimony.   Obstruction.
Delusional much?
I'm also glad you tweeted this. Now Mueller has even more evidence to work w on his obstruction investigation! Cheers!
You realize #trump is trying to get on your good side RIGHT before juniors senate testimony?! You can't be this naive sir
We despise him. We're not impressed by your association with him. Do your job and get the mobster out of office.
For what price? Law and order ? Oversight? Transparency? Our democracy?
Trump makes policy pledge to senator investigating son's Russia meeting https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/aug/30/trump-tower-russia-meeting-chuck-grassley?CMP=share_btn_tw …
He is using you to get Jr off! Don't take the bait!!! #NotOurPresident
Things going viral.  FB and Twitter.
Don't be naive. Trump is working you. Don't give a pass to @DonaldJTrumpJr . We are watching
Did he ask you to not have don Jr testify in exchange for favors?  If so, what was your response?
He should Chuck .., you gave him his SC seat... shame on you !
This must mean you agreed to his "terms"? No release of Steele dossier/transcripts? No more putting country over politics?You are a coward.
He called to offer you a deal. 
That's obstruction of justice.
If you don't disclose exactly what he said, you will have to testify.
So he bought you off? Guess we won't be seeing those transcripts.
He never talked to 1 person. As the death toll continues to climb he is pushing a tax cut. You ppl are whacked out
#ImpeachTrump he's nothing but an illiterate, incompetent, megalomaniac in TX for photo ops, attention, and to make $$$ off others' pain.
Wow u immulate hate!
Thank You for your service to this great nation Mr. Grassley.
Don't trust you either.
He landed at an airport, held a rally, talked about how awesome the crowd was... then left.
Why did he call you?  @POTUS obstruction much???  Timing is suspect #MuellerTime
Are you now working with trump to impede the Russian investigation? Think we should now trust you to talk to trump Jr?  Corruption.
You know exactly why he rang. WE THE PEOPLE are counting on you to not fall for his lies. HE WILL NEVER support bio ethanol & you know it.
If you think we believe that this is why he called you, I've got this bridge in Brooklyn...
He did not say why 45 called; however, he has documented his response to.....whatever.......Mueller will ask him about. 
So basically you'll being testifying soon u/oath about 45 asking u to interfere in the investigation to save him & his family? #TrumpRussia

Lips ass place together now
Despite your faux-Christian behavior, NJ Senators will vote for your relief. By all means, recognize your lack of humanity & empathy.
Yes, Sir. However, are you sure he wasn't asking for your "Loyalty" or for you to "Lift the Cloud" over Don Jr?  As he's a Sociopath U know
And Russia? Did you ask him about his banking ties to Russia & Trump Tower Moscow?
You always have to thank Trump for his continued attention, as a preemptive measure.  He's probably not listening, though.
Okay, honestly mr. Grassley, what is it that he did? Plug for his hats? Didn't even get his feet wet didn't even acknowledge people who died

No offense Senator but the average everyday Americans Neighbors people from many other states went and rescued a ton of people
Offense intended. Typical Republican only looking to help himself but denies it to others. #Sandy
The POTUS just called you to try to bribe you into NOT caring that he committed treason. So how much of a Patriot are you?
And when exactly did he call you?  You fail to mention why, as well.
He seemed more interested in the size of the crowd he brought out than the humanitarian disaster
https://twitter.com/PostimusMaximus/status/902978158621798401 … did you just exchange his son for  some campaign promise he can't provide?
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/aug/30/trump-tower-russia-meeting-chuck-grassley …
May I have a lollipop too? I've been working very hard, and accomplishing things that make a difference in people's lives..in a positive way
Look at all these snowflakes. Keep up the work Chuck, Harvey response looking good so far. God bless Texas & all those helping neighbors
His attention is not on the hurricane. He's in Missouri campaigning, shameful.
Under cover of Harvey, Don and Chuck strike a deal to take care of Junior.
shut up and release the dossier transcripts
What exactly did he do?
As a future resident of Iowa I am glad to see that politician's ethics can still be bought in the state. Bully for you Mr. "patriot".
Did you buy one of his hats!
Did you thank him for the Nazi's?
When are you going to do something about him. He is a nutjob totally unfit for office. An embarrassment to all of us and he's selling hats
Yeah, making it all about himself!  "Thanks for coming - great crowd"!  What a jerk!
Blah blah blah ... his response is to bluster. Others are really responding.
Oh give me a break chuck-  he congratulated people. He talked about the crowd size.
Chuck what are you afraid of? Does #LunaticTrump embarrass you that much that you feel the need to constantly coach him?

...and Russia?  What about Russia?  This guy is in deep to the Russians and a whole bunch of other people too!
Ethics Chuck.. Ethics
Twice in the last four days the White House put out official photo press releases featuring Trump in a hat his campaign is selling for $40 
YOU're always a person of integrity who never flip flops to appease wrong doers. Despite party,  U are respected n admired

He'll pay attention to the photo opps. All talk, little action on anything.
Could you please ask him to free Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac from the fake conservatorship #fanniegate so us home builders can get to work.
They need to allow student loan outrageous fees in bankruptcy. Fake schools and high costs.
3 tweets bragging about a call from @realDonaldTrump but constituents settle for form leytets5from you.
Dear Senator,

Please stop this embarrassment. Trump is poison. Be true to your office & quit warbling about him. He's only about himself.
Chuck, please. This is like giving a kid a medal for finishing last in a race when you thought he wouldn't finish at all. #Trumpresign
#HoustonFloods #TrumpTrain Private capital is needed for Fannie & Freddie. All systems are go for Fannie Mae & Freddie Mac to help Houston!
Good as you should. In the meantime you're still sitting on your hands with respect to this important issue!

Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
Finish what you start Chuck or move over and let someone tackle your unfinished business!

That's how we roll in America!
Including using the upcoming hurricane on Friday to max ratings for his racist pardon?
U go Chuck.  Who cares
Such curious timing, Chuck. Lots of goodwill and exchange of goodies. Now go bury #TrumpRussia investigation like a good boy.
Dang, I was wondering why Trump created Hurricane Harvey, your statement makes sense now
So proud of our President!!
Where are YOU from? Moscow?
Please put someone sane in charge of nuclear weapons. 
I hope we look back on this in ten years and laugh, assuming we all survive.
Hahahhahaha
It was a #UselessPhotoOp. But you know all about those, doncha.
A faux rally & was sure to wear a couple of new hats to hawk on his website.  Do you think he'll donate proceeds to victims or reelection?
Why did he call you though
I can't imagine. 
Glad you are my Senator and I can be proud of you
@realDonaldTrump is devoid of empathy and reason & acts like a catastrophic weather event is Christmas. He is unfit & ruinous. #impeach
his continued attention? he's reading magazines.
You thanked him for holding a campaign rally while people are suffering. All he cares about is how much it will cost.
Oh shut up! You have become as big a phony as he is. What is wrong with you?
@realDonaldTrump is trying to schmooze you. Don't fall for it @ChuckGrassley 
#TrumpRussia Phone call is very interesting timing. Put #CountryOverParty for a change.
If HE called YOU, I hope u asked him 2 lower taxes 4 middle class, fix Rx prices, & condemn neo-nazis, KKK & white supr. DO something 4 US!
Did he thank you for lying to Iowans? Saying Pres. Obama golfed MORE THAN Trump? Do you ever correct your lies? Iowans, USA deserves better!
We got better on November 8, 2016
What did he ask you to do? Interesting timing with Jr coming to appear before Judiciary. The American people are watching. No cover-up!!

But you are more gleeful at Trump promising you goods prior to committee questioning his son??
U r so excited 2 talk 2 your idol! 3 http://tweets.Wow .Happy 4 u. Can u listen 2 your constituents? Will u take MY call? #NotImpressed
Impressive....a call from DJT 
Again.. I feel bad for the legacy you will leave behind and what side of history your name will be associated with. #TrumpRussia #PIMPOTUS
What did you tell Trump when he Call you & Told you to Drop Trump/Russia?  Did You tell him it was obstruction of justice?
Help? DJT did not speak to any victims of the hurricane, serve meals, or facilitate any assistance. He is infact threatening FEMA & posing 
He didn't say help. He said attention & response. That in itself is a tall order from Trump.
DJT misses the mark completely at a time like this & rings as loudly as his incompetence, in the presidential office.  Deserves NO EXCUSES!
Wow! he was there for less than 5 hours and threw a rally for himself without meeting with victims. "What a crowd!" What a POS.
A rally? These people lost everything, and they still wanted to see their @POTUS. Keep trying though
A pic of supporters in no way negates the fact Trump went, bragged about crowd size, and left without meeting victims. Keep trying.
Did you also discuss don jr's testimony?  you said would be in open setting #MoreCoverup And what about those transcripts, still waiting
you are an embarrassment to the state of Iowa.
Is he trying to have you help him impede Russia investigation?
The voters will thank you when healthcare and tax reform are passed.
His call is suspect chuck!! What motivates trump is Russia and what you know. Flattery will get u Chuck!Don't fall for it again&again&again
He didn't ask or feed you the questions for Jr. did he? Or discuss? @SenFeinstein I would hope not as an elder statesman in the Senate!
Would you call this laser-focused on doing right by the people of Texas or alone in his room talking to television?
.@foxandfriends   We are not looking to fill all of those positions. Don't need many of them - reduce size of government. @IngrahamAngle
Who's a good boy? Chuckles, that's who. Give yourself a treat and get Pence to rub your belly.

Clean your face. You got trump on your nose.
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Did you buy a hat?
You know, false praise is why he thinks he's so great to begin with.
This is Trump's response....
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, WHY? All I want to do is #MAGA!
All he was doing was selling hats and talking about his crowd size! Impeach the fool.
You are proven criminal Traitor to USA Fraud Chuck Grassley,NETFLIX $60B Fraud loot racket Whistleblower screams
Watching news & talking about size of crowd (Austin) doesn't count as giving attention.  What he actually DOES, we will see. #FocusMrPres
Aren't you questioning his son soon? Riiiiight.
When Trump said "How stupid are the people of Iowa?" Chuck said, "That's my man!"
blah blah blah
What about Russia? Shouldn't we know something by now? How many are investigating the exact same thing?
Oh, right this response
At his first briefing in Texas, Trump thanks FEMA Director William Brock Long and says he’s come “very famous on television” due to Harvey. 
He used a photo op to promote his hat while cutting funding to FEMA. Wake up! If you can't do your job RESIGN!
@potus @realDonaldTrump showed true colors. His all about himself and $$$. Thanked crowd for coming out like he's campaigning. Sad.
You are proven criminal Traitor to USA Fraud Chuck Grassley,NETFLIX $60B Fraud loot racket Whistleblower screams
You mean his inappropriate tweets and lack of empathy (malignant narcissists can't feel empathy)? We need a better POTUS. #ImpeachTrump
Attention for himself. He didn't have any contact with victims. He only cares about crowd size. (And he lied about size)
Why?  First responders and American people deserve the credit.....NOT Him
It's his job

Any ethics issues raised by using official White House press releases on Hurricane Harvey to show off Trump's re-election campaign merch? 
Sad.  Shd be condemned by all Both parties.
This response?
1)Avoid Storm Victims-Rain & Empathy
2)Praise FEMA Director 4 Becoming Famous on TV
3)Pimp Overpriced $40 Cap Made in China
.

One does not aplaud the tenor for clearing his throat
This response?
At least 17 Americans have died, tens of thousands displaced, and not one word of sympathy from Trump. 
Really nailing this response though. https://twitter.com/johnjharwood/status/902620363485478912 …
Yeah it was EPIC!!!!
