Anybody that still supports Trump can't be paying attention to what he is doing to Iowa or America!!!!
That man is obviously insane. #Impeach45

Trump has work to do. He has been on vacation. Trll him to get to work instead of going to the fair.
Fight to what? Erode the rule of law? Let slip the dogs of war? Coarsen the country? Empower fools and criminals?
And........?
The dims will have to deal with reality eventually. When Trump MAGA.
And we would like you to help and support @realDonaldTrump as well.
I'm a lifelong GOPer & will never support a poser like Trump.
So u won't talk to anyone who thinks DJT is a dangerous loon? Or u just won't tweet about it? #TrumpRussia
He won't talk to them
Were they drunk, or brain injured in some way?
Did he catch mad cow disease?
The guy is no Democrat- 45's platform is too far for anyone even claiming to be a democrat
Cant when trump and co are in prison  mueller is getting closer
Are hoping to be famous like the Guam governor
Great place to people watch.  As for finding intelligent conversations?  Well....
As your constituent, I am asking you to fight AGAINST Trump policies and insane behavior.  No anecdote, a direct request.
As an independent who has voted republican many times I can say I can't disagree more.
I've got better: I tlked elem student who's afraid & wants to no why gop members of congress haven't been arrested for being anti-democracy
Also at the Fair, I spoke to a Republican corn/soybean farmer who voted for HRC and thinks Trump is a moron. #canceledeachotherout

Chuckles, why not have a town hall in Des Moines and learn what Thousands think. It's been over 10 years.
Cows don't like nukes you notwit....
If he voted for Trump and still supports him, he's an ex-Democrat, and now a Trump cultist/enabler. Disinformation claims one voter.

Poll numbers don't lie. Trump is in way over his head and the American people know it. It's amateur hour at the White House.
Let's Stand Together with President Trump Republicans leaders don't have back bone put Ted Cruz as Speaker and get some Back Bone
ha ha ha . your si funny thinking Trump or Cruz has a backbone. You have to have a spin 1
Fake story!
You are still playing games.
You're a traitor to the country.
Chuck is starting to take on the ways of DT. Just make shit up. "Fake News"#justretire
What fight would that be Chuck?

How about the rest of the state you WON'T talk to? No Dem. supports that batshit crazy megalomaniac in the WH and no one in IA trusts you.
Would be nice if @GOP fought with him!!
Congrats! You found one.  With Trumps low approval rating, how many did you meet that said the opposite before you found him?
Ummm, yeah, that farmer isn't a Democrat.
And how many did you talk to that do not support 45's agenda? Too many to remember specifics?
#delusional
And in the big picture this means what? gop is irresponsible to pretend all is well in the wh. History will not be kind to you. Blinders off
Against who?
I'll be at the fair on Monday and would love to give you feedback on why I'm no longer a republican. Country over party.
Chuck, no.
Liar
More & MORE DEMS ARE TURNING TO TRUMP BECAUSE DEMS HAVE TURNED AGAINST AMERICAN VALUES = JUST SUPPORT THEIR DONORS & OWN POCKETS.
What fight?  The one against American values???
Cherry picking on your vacation, Chuck?
Good for you. You found the needle in the haystack...a person who believes in Trump. Work for a solution on NK and healthcare.
#milkperson
what fight? the one with Korea?  because you're doing nothing worthwhile.
Sorry that he voted against his own interests.
Obviously the corn in Iowa has fucked his brain up.
nice 2 hear senator! @realDonaldTrump
Wants him to continue pulling out of trade deals that result in less Iowa crops being exported??
Well, he made a yuge mistake.
yes we do would be nice if the GOP would get on board been talking for long time. Time to start walking the walk enough of talk.
Good job Chuckles. You're able to speak in complete sentences and still manage to say absolutely nothing.
Chuck I don't own farms but I think tRump is a disaster for Iowa and the country.
Why are you tickling dairy farmers, @ChuckGrassley ?!
Wow you really are complicit
His fight will be in court soon.
Wow.  ONE whole voter!!!  Glad youre ignoring all other polls and common sense.  Good idea to base your support off ONE voter.
a dairy farmer that's a Democrat? I call bullshit....a complete oxymoron if there ever was one.
Please go away.
Chuck good to know you support nuclear war. trump needed to know you support it.
Then he's not really a dem.
Fight the golf balls??
Wow, Chuck, looks like you have plenty of constituents who want you to stand up to this farce of a presidency.  How about representing us?
Wow...one farmer! The majority of Iowans are disconnected from you. You know the majority...the non farmers! Go out to pasture, Chuck.
His fight for what to keep his family out of jail ?
Not a Democrat. But it makes for a more thrilling tale, doesn't it, Chuck? You and your "Democrat" own this nightmare.
Well dairy farmers are very afraid of losing jobs to Islamic immigrants
There are morons on both sides of the aisle
Someone's lying 
American citizens see the return of the voice of the people. We must be heard.
Considering the very few numbers of dairy Farmers in Iowa, I'd say you're drawing conclusions from a very small pool there Chuck.
Was he drunk?
That's all you got? One dairy farmer vs a myriad of Repubs disgusted with Trump and YOU that have switched their allegiance to Dem party.
What fight? #Trump invents phony fights. All Trump has done is disrupt our people. He is a bully. @AliVelshi @SRuhle @BarackObama
Fight against women, the poor ?
Well I've called your office numerous times with complaints as have other farmers from this area. #Traitor
please you need to replace the current .@SenateMajLdr  as he is not doing his job.
Bull shit
tired of "Trumpers voting against their self interests" stories. What about those of us being held hostage by this stupidity?
That's not a democrat you are talking to Chuck, that's just another lying republican, like you... hmm
Fight against what? Propriety? Restraint? Laws against collusion with foreign powers? The emoluments clause?
And he's...one?  That's called and "exception".
The dumbing down of America. Sad.
You know he's corrupt so does it matter that 1 dairy farmer wants him to keep fighting. What's he fighting for, destruction of democracy?
His fight for what? What exactly is he fighting for, other than himself?
Yes, please keep antagonizing NK and trying to take people's healthcare because one dude in Iowa likes it.
You, and that farmer are clearly delusional. @POTUS is ruining our country with the help of #GOP
Fake Democrat.
Then he's been smelling too many cow farts
well that's one...
Then do your job get on the media rounds and support the president we elected #supportTrump
What? You can not be serious ! Yikes
Boy o Boy, senator, you hit a nerve 4 some small minded lefties. I think UR great and would vote 4 u even if u weren't a Republican 
You mean this fight? Trump's rhetoric jeopardizes Iowa agriculture
Or how about this fight? Trump cuts would hurt Iowans who supported him, critics say
Maybe it was this one: Trump's putdown of wind energy whips up a backlash in Iowa
They want states 2 take care of such things. Oh wait, we're already in trouble with our state budget. Someone's going 2 pay  think it's us.
Idiots out walking around
Iowa is ranked 50/50 in #mentalhealth but you don't get all the credit. @joniernst @IAGovernor @RepRodBlum are just as shitty #DumpTrump
Go away Trump is dangerous! I respected you till now.
So the Gouy Voted for the Russian Traitor who You are trying to Protect! Make Russia Great Again!
I just spoke with 2 corn farmers in southern IL who are Democrats and voted for Trump - they want him to resign or face impeachment.
Just talked to a teacher in Iowa. She has voted republican, but says you're ineffectual and a lackey for an incompetent, narcissistic POTUS
What is wrong with you?
Compromised. Russia. IMO
#TrumpRussia
Totally believable, Chuck! LOLs
Continue his fight to take away health care from 20 million?  Or cut taxes for the rich.  Please be clear, Senator Death Panels.
Well they are just crazy he's a dangerous man!
Another kick in the head @ChuckGrassley ?  It's starting to show the damage to your brain
Then please sen grassley help trump out
well that's one against many many more. Grow up Chuck.
His "fight" against preserving the possibility of life on earth? His "fight" against common decency and democratic norms?
Which one? Twitter fight w/ union guy? Nuclear fight w/ NK? Constitutional fight w/ FBI? Cat fight w/in GOP?
Speaking of the town of SLATER...shout out to the NITE HAWK Bar & Grill in Slater. A true hidden gem!
So 0.0000015% of the Democratic voters polled showed they voted for & love DJT ... Groovy.
You mean his nuclear war?
Resign.  You're an embarrassment to this state and its people.
We gave the Republicans what they need and they still don't Stand Together with President Trump They are Crooked as Democrats leaders
Until the climate change pull out dries up his crops & kills his cattle.
Just talked to myself, a former Republican, and I want your party to stop this nonsense.
Ha ha ha ha Ha ha ha
Sounds super legit.
How can you support this pathological liar who now threatens nuclear war? #grassley
looks like someone wants to be included in DJT's daily propaganda folder.
Then that dairy farmer needs to reevaluate his options. DT won't fight for him. Only cares about himself and his wallet. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Please also tweet about every person who tells you @realDonaldTrump is a #LiarInChief and a danger.
#ImpeachTrump
By all means, get behind @realDonaldTrump. Say it loud. We want to know exactly who we're up against when the wave crashes. #TrumpRussia
I'm sure I am exposing some of it.
Did Trump ever contact you back via twitter?
Well by all means that one person offsets the 250mm Americans hiding under their beds right now.
I just talked to a Russian dictator who installed Trump, wants to see further destruction of this country.
May be but Iowans are a bunch of Middle America bozos SO I DONT CARE!
I think @ChuckGrassley is just trying to get retweeted from the POTUS, Probably some weird Republican badge of honor.
I,m a qa inspector and im telling u to get on the stick. #corruptobamaadmin
Your a traitor as well senator.
Fight for what exactly?
You talked to a local milk person?
Oh, cool
Wow. That must mean that everyone in US shd be for the orange psycho. What a convincing story. Proud republican. Jackass
His fight against democracy?
Fight for what?
I've talked to many, MANY in ag who are NOT happy with Trump on trade, environment, climate, wall!
You're also a bigly failure #votehimout #25thAmendmentNow old and cold no new ideas #RussiaGate
I'm at the fair too! Can we meet up? Have a some questions. Like why you're not in DC in emergency session about NK? Or was that bs?
His fight versus: Gold Star families? War heroes "who were captured"? "So-called judges?" Climate science? Women who say no to him? 

Which?
He's in the minority. Stop picking and choosing who you post about!
Iowa is NOT 100% compliant to immigration laws & has sanctuary cities!! END THIS NOW! #POTUS #MAGA
Gosh, that's convincing. Your dubious anecdote from 1 person vs. every scientific poll on the planet.
Ok, so there are 2. What about the rest if us, the majority? Why won't you speak for us, represent us, & keep us safe from @realDonaldTrump?
#MAGA Trump won legitimately! Go Chuck Grassley, support Trump in all his promises! Deplorable will fight for you!
How embarrassing for our nation
A milk person?
Yeah - he's not a democrat
Which fight? The one against McConnell? The media? Reality?
That's why he and Chuck got along so well
I just wish you'd stop kissing his butt
Iowa is Trump country!
I wouldn't admit it.
Whatever helps you sleep at night Charles.
You're truly delusional.  You enable the Constitutional Crisis.   Do the dairy farmers realize DJT and you don't care about them?
With McConnell? The NYT? CNN?
What "fight"? Trump said a lot on the campaign trail
#WeThePeople have had ENOUGH of all talk Politicians!!! #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Either he's no Dem or you have an interesting relationship with the truth #TrumpLies #Partisanplayer
You either ate 1 too many funnel cakes or drank milk left out in the sun. Find a cool chair & tell us what REALLY happened. #TheResistance
#FakeNews
Did he have a head injury?
Well, he's complete idiot and certainly not a democrat is he wants Trump to continue his "fight" - as are you!
Then he's not a Democrat
Can't fix stupidity
He needs a mental evaluation
