Then retire please.
Who are you to complain about obstruction?  When will you apologize for sitting on Judge Garland's nomination?
Think I've told you about the obstruction I've been dealing with 4/for years. It was a simple fix! But NO!
You probably don't remember. You wrote back and suggested a lawyer. I can't get one of those. SO I do it all alone, ALL by MY self!
Coming soon to a courtroom near me. Dear me.
You're okay w/ white pres. not disclosing waivers to OGE but demanded the black pres. do it in 2009? #AmericaIsWatching #2018
Stop embarrassing Iowa, Chuck. #MerrickGarland
Can you go with him?
Obstruction? Like your party and all the federal judgeships the GOP refused to fill in 8 years of Obama?
Only real obstruction I remember is from GOP on Garland and for 8 years of Obama
Hypocrisy thy name is Chuck

Garland
While you're there, could you take a stand on Russia's meddling in our election? That would be great.
Hey Chuck!  Do your job for once
Send the **** on a slow boat!!!
"Mom!  The Democrats are obstructing me!"

"Did you obstruct them first?"

(sheepishly) "Y...yeah."
There was NO obstruction to Pres44pol.appointees or agenda,incl.2Horrendous unqual.SCOTUS apptees.
<snicker> yeah, ok.
Excellent choice for Ambassador to China!
True fact: Harkin retired because he was too embarrassed to be associated with you.
Your Dear Leader's budget just came out. It slashes help to the poor and disabled. But, great news, big tax cut for wealthy.
You and the GOP invented obstruction. Do you really think we were not paying attention these past 8 years? Hypocrite!
Takes one to know one.
Grassley is the Senate's answer to Zara
2016 Grassley: Obstruction is awesome!
2017 Grassley: Obstruction is so 2016!
You violate your constitutional oath to install an unconstitutional justice and then whine about obstruction? Resign Chuck!
Calling the kettle black, Chuck. #SpinelessGOP
I sure hope he is confirmed so that we finally get him the heck out of Iowa!!!!!
Anything to get rid of him. Why don't you go along for the ride, on a nice, slow boat?
Yes Mr Garland agrees with you. "All this obstruction..." @DMRegister @KCCINews @IowaPublicRadio @WHOhd @NPR @uiowa @IowaStateU
Ha ha ha!  Hello Black Kettle, I'm a black pot!
Typical GOP jypocrite.
Can You Go with him? Please!
Wow, Trump really dislikes you. None of his paid trolls distracting or sticking up for you.  #DoYourJob
You have a lot of nerve talking about obstruction. It was your racist obstruction  that blocked Obama's SC nominee. That's sad, Chuck.
The only reason that's a good thing is that we won't have a corrupt mini-Trump running our state anymore.
Calling the kettle black.
You would be the expert on obstruction  #resistIowa  #ObstructionGOP
Yes... get Branstad out Iowa!
Why don't you bring up Seth in your topic, stop the BS and get to the truth
No one, and I mean NO ONE knows obstruction better than you. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Because it is the most important thing in the world? Ass
Thank you for ridding the state of his presence.
Think Judge Garland could help you?
Chuck Grassley is THEE King of Corn. You betcha.
Get him out of Iowa as fast as you can.
If it gets him out of Iowa I'm all for it.
U are fucking ridiculous. You and your party had 6 years of obstruction against Obama god u make me sick.
Obstruction?! In the senate?!?!
Are you referring to the Obstruction of Justice committed by the fake president? If so, I agree with you. What's he so afraid of?
GROW a CONSCIENCE Grassley BEFORE you do any more complicit traitor moves towards Trump. Your moral compass is so broken.
You know what? I don't even care that you're being a hypocrite. Get Branstad to China and out of Iowa!
Finally admitting your "president" is obstructing justice!! 
We need new blood in DC representing Iowa. Thank you for your time, but time to hang it up.
good get him out of Iowa
Isn't obstruction the PITS? What kind of jerk would do that—for a whole year, yet? #SCOTUS
Speaking of Bribes how much $ is Kushner giving you for each signed EB5 VISA to Rich Chinese? #TRAITOR
Would you like some cheese with your whine?
What were you doing the last 8 years, Chuck? You really ought to be ashamed of this tweet. #hypocrisy
Grassley the Obama Obstructionist complaining about Obstruction
You lying Horses A$$. YOU STOLE the SCOTUS seat from Garland and dealt a blow to the Senate reputation-just for a Russian & Koch Bribe.
Have you forgotten your oath Senator? Protection from our enemies both foreign and domestic! Country before Party!! ACT OR RESIGN
Merrick Garland
‘my number one priority is making sure president Obama’s a one-term president.’M. McConnel.That was a vow of obstruction.#knowthedifference
Hard to believe this is a real tweet? Are you kidding? 
Obstruction? 
You're a joke Senator.
Remember that time you didn't give an appointee even a hearing you poopface
Hey Chuckles, he might need some kind of a minion--why don't you paint yourself yellow and stow away. Best wishes.
Thank you for doing your part to get Branstad out of office
How can the majority party be obstructed?
So you're saying you will stop obstructing? Just want to be clear here.
You get what you give. #wordsofwisdom
The ONLY obstruction Americans see is by this CORRUPT PRESIDENCY which you & GOP ignore! Shame on you 4 putting democracy & safety at risk!!
What was your response to the nomination of a qualified Supreme Court candidate, Merrick Garland?
"And after that I'll take my nap" #FakeGrassley if your house catches fire, I'll want to know who leaked it to the FD.
Bye Felicia.

Pot...Kettle, Chuck. Pot...Kettle!  How does it feel?
Have you forgotten your obstruction of Merrick Garland?!? #ShameOnYou Chuck. Find a different whine, this one is getting old. #FOCUS
Are you going to ask him about defunding planned parenthood you are the biggest obstructionist good grief @maddow
you'd know obstruction...
So much obstruction. I wonder where they learned it...
This isn't Color War. U spent 9 months justifying obstruction of Garland nom. Now our CORRUPT & possibly treasonous @potus=@gop so u avert 
just another BAD call on your part
Obstruction? Is that what you call @GOP incompetence these days? You jokers control everything and still WHINE. PATHETIC!!
8 years of 0bstruction and your crying Is Branstad love Putin too like you do
Ahh Senator....  something truly PRICELESS about you complaining about "obstruction".
Did you teach that course on obstructionism? #TrumpLeaks
Big deal, NOT! But tks for getting him outta IOWA!
Mid-tweet, did you switch to Dutch, then get stabbed?
ship branstad's ass to china and tell him he can't come back. and send his under-age-drunk-driving-and-vehicular-murdering son with him.
I'd love to be in the Senate helping America get back on track. One problem. I'd be in jail for wrapping my hands around Chuckie's neck.
You are taking a break from obstructing justice? Who will fill in for you?
It takes an obstructionist to know one. #MerrickGarland
Trump's budget cuts farm subsidies? Farm profits/futures in jeopardy?
We would expect no less Senator, your naked partisanship is as reliable as a metronome.
So it's only obstruction if someone else is doing it? "It's a culture war" Well shouldn't we be proceeding from facts?
Is the secrecy surrounding the health bill a form of obstruction? Do you care about the lack of transparency for that, AT ALL?
Two words: "Merrick Garland." Seriously. Listen to yourself.
You've spent the last 8 years actively obstructing. U can't complain about 4 months of slow. Democracy is more important than your agenda.
You would know all about obstruction. Remember that time the president nominated Merrick Garland and you did NOTHING, that was so funny
Branstad signed legislation lowering wages for thousands of Iowans and removing local control. So he'll be right at home there.
Waaaaah I'm Chuck and I regularly whine about obstruction when it's all I did for the last 8 years.
I would like this 100 times if I could :)
You should consider going with him to China!
All this obstruction? The GOP and yourself seem to be encouraging it and doing it!
FINALLY
Get rid of him!
Now schedule an OPEN #townhall
NO!
