Oh, is there a seat open that doesn't belong to Merrick Garland?
..."belong to"?

Entitlement much?
Yes, a legitimate president is entitled to more than 3/5 of a term. Even a black one.
Dream on, fanboy; the Kenyan will soon be the biggest joke in POTUS history...
You with a shirt & tie trying to seem intelligent is the joke.
Reach for that ad hominem when you run out of arguments, I always say.

Age, what, 14?
Not a reach, actually an observation. Most people use ideas to separate themselves, not put downs.
America needs this man on the Supreme Court...do so without delay...that mean U Chuck Schumer..get out of the way!
thanks for destroying the Supreme Court process and the US constitution senator.
Merrick Garland deserved a hearing.
Richly deserved wasn't he unanimously approved in the senate for his present post?
jump me and My family voted for you for last 20 years we will no longer vote for you if you go against Trump
But when Trump is impeached, he'll look like a big fool.
Doubtful at best. Regardless of his qualifications, we need to wait until Midterm elections to let the people decide #SCOTUS
Repeat after me, Merrick Garland!!
since u thought it ok to deny hearings & vote 2 Garland U should have NO issues if Democrats deny hearings & vote to Gorsuch!
he's not qualified because he was nominated by a fake Potus out in office by putin
*put in office
And the Democrats just keep rolling around making themselves look even more stupid.
GOP deserves nothing! You stole the seat;no matter what you all pretend you know it's true. That seat will always be Garlands
Are you all sociopaths? Because you sure do act like it. I hope for your sake you can still feel shame sir. #Liberty #Justice
so was Merrick Garland.
Hey, amigo, it's a stolen seat. You know that, and Gorsuch should refuse it, if he's got an ounce of decency
Stolen seat.
GORSUCH has a lot a secrets in his background. Beware. Not a good guy. More to come.
is religious bigotry a good qualification or fascist thinking?
False wire-tapping allegations, possible collusion with Russia...take care of what the country cares about first!
I'm sorry-you can deflect all you want & act clueless, but none of you are innocent in the Repub admin scandals. Traitor.
@SenateRPC Seat Garland first
@SenateRPC #JusticeGorsuch #MAGA
unfortunately, that rating only matters if the candidate is a #Liberal...which is the definition of #LiberalHypocrisy
That generally doesn't hold much credence with Democrats any longer! However, the Rule Change threat might!
@FreedomWorks Didn't they give Garland the same? Yet Garland said Prez can issue EO that is contradicted by written law.
Merrick Garland. That is all.
#stolenseat
We can't have this being appointed by a President  in the last few months of his presidency. Wait for the voters to decide.
#MerrickGarland 
You duplicitous anti American, pretending not to see EXACTLY what's going on with the coup
You don't have the votes. Sorry. We will follow the McConnell Rule--no seating until after the next Presidential election.
No, I don't think so. Get Russia situation investigation going & THEN perhaps we can focus on something else. Until then, no
we should wait for an appointee (like Garland) from a legitimate POTUS
Yeah. Lawyers
don't count on it #eightisenough
MERRICK GARLAND. MERRICK GARLAND. MERRICK GARLAND!!! MERRICK GARLAND!!!! #StolenSeat
We don't give a rat's ass about ABA. There's a  traitor in the White House. Just how dumb and corrupt are GOP?
No judge should drag America back into the dark ages where women couldn't get a legal safe abortion. No Gorsuch. +Garland.
Iowans deserve better than you and your SCOTUS obstructionism
after Merrick Garland of course
good for big business--all those people who keep your ass in office!! Still refusing to do your job!
same rating as Merrick Garland. Gorsuch should get same treatment in the Senate
Stolen Seat! You didn't do your job with MGarland.
Same as Merrick Garland.
stolen. You're a crook.
.@ChuckGrassley Why would that matter for Gorsuch when it didn't matter for Garland?
Hey @ChuckGrassley ABA gave BIG BIG boost to SCOTUS nominee Garland w HIGHEST rating-unanimous well qualified on his way to SCOTUS. Fixed it
MERRICK GARLAND you poop faced hypocrit
Reminder: Merrick Garland was also given high ratings by ABA. Thanks for reminding everyone of GOP obstructionism @ChuckGrassley #StolenSeat
Oh some the same rating Merrick Garland got?
you denied a president his constitutional rights . How do you sleep at night
same rating Garland got you should be ashamed of yourself.
American people wanted Garland. We do not want Gorsuch. I hope your constituents vote you out of office.
U mean Liberals wanted Garland.Almighty God WILL MAKE SURE Gorsuch IS APPOINTED.Democrats will have NO SAY.
what rating did Garland get you twisted wormspawn?
U have been such a deep disappointment. I used 2 believe in U. That destroys my hope. #DoYourJob #Useless #IowaCries
no one evr said he wasn't qualified. You and your GOP traitors blatantly violated your oath and the constitution re garland
congratulations!
what about Judge Garland? You know.....the guy you screwed out of his seat because you would rather play politics.
He should never had been nominated.  You should have done your job last spring.  #imposter
Merrill Garland scored as high. I am disappointed in you and as an Iowan will not vote for you again.
Not much of a conscience or honor have you, Sen. Grassley? Shame on you! Iowa hypocrite.
what about Obama pick? No hearing for him. Any trump pick is illegitimate
having fun watching a bunch of democrats cry babies in desperation mode. You all suck.
You just lack anything resembling shame, don't you? As an Iowan, I hate that I have to be associated with the likes of you.
You people  have no shame. The Trump presidency has revealed without a doubt how morally corrupt the GOP is.
YUGE!  #SCOTUS
Party before country again :/...I think it's time to take away Chuck's keys..you know, for his own good.
will he back down to the Russians and give us terrible health care
If it's written in ALL CAPS it must be true.
What happened to your Iowa values & ability to reason? Do research and learn FACTS--not alternative ones!
How about Garland?
LOL at all these Merrick Garland whiners.Do any of you REALLY believe @TheDemocrats would have done differently?
#WhyTheyLost
your not for the best interests of Iowans, forgot where you came from now, no Iowa values shame on you Chuck.
MERRICK. GARLAND.
have you checked with your Russian bosses too? Forgotten Garland, huh? #KremlinKlan #doyourjob #GOPhypocrisey
you make me ashamed to have to call you a fellow Iowan you sellout hypocrite.
no.
you got all your money to retire, what's ethics, morals and integrity to you? #lazy #corrupt #filth
STOLEN SEAT vile cowards!  Shameful!
and you're well on your way to being voted out! Hooray!!!
I'm not in his state. Is there a good candidate to challenge him. The time to strike is now
he just got re-elected.  This was probably his last term anyway.
MERRICK GARLAND
Same with Merrick Garland, yet he was unseatable.  Shame on you Senator Grassley.
GOP are cheaters. Eventually, they get their comeuppance.
WAKE Up! #Russia  is in the WH and you are tweeting like you are either blind or just don't care we have been compromised.
WE WERE compromised  LAST 8yrs nitwits. Hillary was in bed with Russia. Remember who gave Em 20% of R Uranium 4 $
well since @realDonaldTrump works for russia I dont want another country choosing the next #SCOTUS #Stolenseat #RESISTANCE
#merrickgarland
Not in the middle of a campaign. Chuck!  Trump is already campaigning. We should let the people be heard!
Fully agree!
NO sorry can't confirm with a campaign ongoing. Trump already declared for 2020. No can do, Chucky Boy
The ABA gave Garland the same rating. How about Sessions ties to Russia? #Impeach45  #checksandbalances #voteOutGOP
you have rigged the system
I am sorry to hear that
so the same rating as Garland...
unconscionable that you are in a hurry this time but couldn't go slow enough w/Merrick Garland. #toolonginDC
woo hoo
Obviously not about credentials. All about POLITICS. How about Garland? Qualified? Nominated in time? Fair? Can you sleep?
Don't do it.  Don't you dare do it.  You do this and I will do my damnedest to make sure you don't see another term in DC
ABA  released its unanimous rating of “Well Qualified” for Supreme Court nominee Merrick B. Garland http://www.americanbar.org/publications/governmental_affairs_periodicals/washingtonletter/2016/june/garland.html …
#Gorsuch hearings start same day as #TrumpRussia investigation. Let @GOP  know we're paying attention!
#StopGorsuch
After Garland? Noone should be seated until Trump is fully investigated for his illegal activities and unethical practices.
exactly trump is illegitimate
No integrity!
The first nominee Garland is as highly rated.  Perhaps Gorsuch can be considered next time. Oh wait. You are a hypocrite.
Don't forget: qualifications don't matter; just do what @SenateMajLdr tells you to.
right. you know who else was well-qualified? merrick garland. you've revealed yourself to be a partisan hack. zero integrity.
congratulations on composing your most coherent tweet so far this year!!
but Jesus chuck.. Garland was a good guy, and you screwed him hard #notiowanicechuck
please Garland must first have a hearing - or else the constitution is worthless - faith in it will be lost
you stole that seat. Too bad you became a complete partisan hack at the end your looooooong career. You used to be better
@Maggyw519 @ChuckGrassley TRUE. YOU sir had a choice of COUNTRY over PARTY, you lost the right to represent Americans.
#merrickgarland
I Funny! That's the same rating that Merrick Garland received. Yet, you punted and failed to #DoYourJob. Sad. Shameful.
You disappoint me. I'm not even mad anymore, just disappointed.
It's almost as if Grassley has made up his mind before the hearings.
Garland or no one.
FFS, no one is arguing about his qualifications. The hold-up is that it's not your seat to fill, so he can't have it.
otherwise it could be a BIG BOOST with Unanimous! Well... qualified.
What did they think of Garland?  Or did you even check?
Fixed. The ABA gave a big boost to SCOTUS Nominee Garland w/highest rating: unanimous well-qualified. 
He's well on his way.
Merrick Garland you mean.
. Also, punctuation marks clarify writing. Separate different thoughts... you should try using them sometimes.
Wasn't Garland qualified?
Same rating as Merrick #Garland, amiright?
@GrassleyPress Hypocrisy fits you so well! How do you untie the partisan knots you tie yourself in? Do not confirm him!
Merrick Garland is highly qualified, too.
omg Chuck. You have all the power and no ethical core so this is all such a cliffhanger
Filibuster Gorsuch
simple solution to that. Harry Reid gave us the NUCLEAR option
he's not right for America.
Merrick Garland unanimously highest rated, you tool.
That simply brings into doubt the rating criteria.
Sorry, not gonna happen: Merrick Garland #SessionsMustResign
Be sure to call your senators and remind them you expect them to.
you've lost all credibility on this, chuck.
that's the same rating they gave to Judge Garland. ABA ratings don't matter anymore, per your hypocritical precedent
Stolen Seat. You didn't do your job. Only MGarland
you mean as 2nd in line to Garland, right? We need to wait for 2020 voice of the American people to be heard. #70MSilenced
VOICE of THE PEOPLE WAS heard 11/8 &Hillary needs 2b in jail.U must b talkin bout ALL THE ILLEGAL &dead people
@realDonaldTrump is in a campaign year; therefore, no SC justices can be appointed.
Wonderful!
chuck why would the american bowling association weigh in on a supreme court nominee
is that the American Beverage Association?
NO, IT'S THE BASKETBALL LEAGUE WITH THE COOL BALL
apologize to judge Garland who was equally qualified. But you stole his confirmation from him. Shame!
The theft isn't complete until the seat is filled. Be sure to let you senators know you won't forgive that.
no way trump s campaigning can't confirm during campaign
what did they have to say on Merrick Garland...?  Didn't like him because he was appointed by a black guy?  No wait thats you
I thought we shouldn’t confirm any justices in the last year of a Presidency?
@iowamjm @ChuckGrassley 
