u r delusional if u think 45 cares about Israel
next step. Independent commission to investigate Trump Russia connection.
Please, please, please learn how to type. It's embarrassing.
Please focus on the troubling and possibly treasonous ties that Trump has with Russia.  This should be your highest prioirity
Sessions involvement in Truml Campaign precludes him from leading DOJ Russian connection investigation.
you need to retire. I think you're suffering from dementia.
that's right chuck.  Keep ignoring the EMBARRASSMENT this county is becoming under Trump
, whoever writes your twitter is ridiculous! What the heck are you even talking about? You have FAILED Iowans!
So you admire the guy that calls peace talks "a waste of time"?
Going to ruin your rep for a traitor. You no longer rep IA, you rep the #GOP
didn't you "back door" us when you voted yes for #betsybear?
look fake news from a Senator!! Great job! http://www.jta.org/2010/05/06/news-opinion/the-telegraph/oren-obama-did-not-snub-netanyahu-2 …
I'm told you once had leadership qualities.
@JimVanzuuk @ChuckGrassley not anymore... or they disappeared when he took $21,600 from #BetsyDeVos
Concentrate on Treason, Tax dodging, Conflicts interest. Stop acting Trumpian and represent US!
Yeah Chuck, until you actually do something to benefit the residents of Iowa,shut up!
we need a special investigation of the Trump Russia connection to get to the truth! Country over party!
Plz don't continue to bash Obama.  He did fine, even if you disagree w him
Idiot!!
too bad trump has no understanding of 1or2state solutions, Bibi antagonized Obama and Obama stood up to his fanaticism...
"Gr8"? Aren't you a US Senator? Have some dignity. News Flash you weren't born in 2002 "bruh"
!!The joint press conference was bizarre!!
. @ChuckGrassley jeez.
What are you views on a investigation into Trump and his goons and the Russian ties?
Ya, Chuck how about it? What have you got to lose?
But Obama was never involved in a complete act of treason with Russia. So there's that...#Treason
the request for Judiciary briefing on Flynn was a start. Let's be sure this doesn't become A witch hunt to root out leakers.
too bad Americans and @realDonaldTrump aren't friends
really? Can you please pay attention to what's happening in our country?
Or at least stop taking swipes at President Obama like a 13-year-old. Have some self-respect, Chuck.
Please get a grip! Netanyahu, about to be indicted; Trump's time will be sooner rather than later. Let's please get real here
.@ChuckGrassley you are one of the many things I don't miss about Iowa. One of the others being @TerryBranstad.
Why Sen delaying Gorsuch confirm. Hearings should already started now delaying til 3/20. SHAMEFUL @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump
Rove Ashcroft connection necessitated special investigation of the Plame Affair in Bush Admin.
give the obama bashing a rest.  Try representing Iowa once in awhile
I really liked when Trump dodged the question about his campaign attracting anti-semites. Wonder what Bannon thinks about PM
Back off the koolaid Chuck!
Ever get tired of being used, Charlie?  We give them 4 or 5 Billion every year; and, agree to backstop their every move.
If we R to continue giving Israel that kind of support year after year; we need to be involved in their Critical Decisions
Are you OK with Treason?
, that whole "1 state, 2 state, whatever works" statement by Trump was so profoundly stupid, you should be horrified
your kissing up to trump makes me wonder what your involvement with Russia and trumps treasonous gang is
Bibi had his fee fees hurt.  Oh, Bibi started it. President Obama finished it.
How about Netanyahu stays & Trump leaves thru the back door? He is dangerous, Senator, & may cost you your job...oust him
sir, this is a very disappointing and rather childish statement. #TermLimits
start working for America or get out of the way. Do your job as if Trump were a Democrat and you were true to your values.
couldn't agree more!!
please sir why be so disrespectful. They received more money under Obama than any other president. It was him who was rude.
Did you ask the president why he made false accusations against the FBI and NSA?
You embarrass Iowa
Given your recent record this should not surprise Iowans. you no longer care about us - just making money.
is this tweet about you working on healthcare and social security
so it's a how many state solution now? And is it true you can't be an anti-Semite if you win? #bushleague
didn't know there were many Evangelical Jews to suck up to the PMtrashed president Obama every chance he could
Stop making a fool of yourself! Your so-called president was so rude to Mexico; they don't want to buy our corn.
if you can't stand up to Trump, could you at least tweet legibly?
learn how to use twitter.
you are sounding more and more like trump lately.
what did you think about trumps comments about being ok with a 1 state solution
you have joined Paul Ryan and McConnell in selling your souls for money and power.  I have lost all respect for you, too.
What did you think of his answer about anti-Semitism,  pitiful don't you think? Hard to see anything Gr8...
Are you serious? When asked about anti-Semitism, Trump talked about his electoral college votes.
more financial support from Obama admin to Israel than any previous.  How is that treating unfairly? Honest question sir. Ty
Eye on the ball, sir. #InvestigateOrResign
the president is compromised. Most you care?  Are YOU compromised?
Obama has always been a gracious and professional host of foreign leaders and not insulting ignoramus like  current potus
if u can red thi mseg u can b a crt rporter
I thought that with age comes wisdom. In your case, apparently not.
Come to Johnson County for public meeting. 140k people. Or you can keep going to Ida with 7k and Adams with 3.7k people.
where is Trump's tax returns? Call for an investigation into #Russia. #youworkforus
you know Trump's chief strategist is an anti-Semitic white supremacist hero to the KKK and neo-Nazis, right? #nottheonlyone
no Christians support Netanyahu.  Murders Palestinian Christians.   You need to apologize for your rudeness to Obama.
Oh boy, guess you're moving on from reality by bringing up old grudges and ignoring on-going TREASON!
Pretty sure Netanyahu brought that on himself by snubbing Obama and dealing directly with Congressional Republicans
Netanyahu treated Biden w disrespect first Israel visit as VP continued w Obama. As proud jew w Israeli family, offended by N
Your hate for our former president is so unbecoming!
Nope nope nope nope nope nope 
Your head is in the sand!
will jesus support this?
You shouldn't characterize the GOP stunt with Bibi as Obama forcing him to "lv thru back door." Also, Bibi != all Israelis.
oh, so you are ok with zionist led land theft and genocide of the Palestinian people...
tats stupd n not tru. Netanyahu was hostile 2 Obama fr day 1
as always you are wrong. And blind support for Israel is wrong.
are you for real Senator? Are you paying attention to what's going on in our state right now? In our country? Wake up.
P.S. that bit about Obama is a load of grade-A bull crap and you know it. Read something besides breitbart.
LOLOLOLOL Until Tomorrow
isn't it time to hang it up Chuck? Sit on the farm. Mow the chickens? Feed the grits?
There are literally dozens of deer he could be assuming dead!
US Aid to Israel has gone nowhere but UP under Obama.
you helped him insult our president by inviting him to address congress. Please do not gloat
Hey, whose land our those settlements built on?  Just checking.
In the same vein, who's land does the state of Iowa sit on? Let's ask the Sauk and Mesquaki how settlement worked.
Here is a report from the Congressional Research Service.
https://fas.org/sgp/crs/mideast/RL33222.pdf …
the 35 billion was a mistreatment? I'll take that friend any day!
You think Isreal is such a good friend? Stop funding them, see how good of a friend they are then.
How in the name of God does it serve Iowans to make it easier for people with mental health issues to get guns?
Duh. Think about the percentage of GOP that wants guns but is mentally ill. Sad!
(sighs)

1. Tweeting like a high school drug dealer doesn't make you cool
2. He came in thru the backdoor to address Congress
JFC, Chuck. Stop.
Oh shut up. BO gave Israel 3.8bill a yr in aid. Just shut up
Did you arrest him for crimes against humanity? Maybe look into that
represent your people not your friends
among other things less comical. Incompetent. Compulsive liar. Bragging rapist. Batshit Crazy.
Are you serious @ChuckGrassley?
uh,  chuck is right
you are so wrong
