Shame on you for padding @POTUS pockets while you are supposed to be representing Iowans.
https://twitter.com/waltshaub/status/923179358293868547 …
Sessions LOL 
Do your constituents pay for all that trump indigestion? Seems an elaborate meal for a down home farmer. #hypocrite
How is this ethical?!?!?!?!  And you are ACTUALLY proud of this.  #OutOfTouch
Oh it's not ethical. But Chuck's a short-timer and party over ethics is his way now, it would seem.
You question everyone's ethics when you appear to have no ethics yourself.
Shame on you!  Bad enough Trump has this conflict of interest, but you choose to partake in it?  Where are your Iowa values?
how is this not a conflict of interest?  Won't NRC expect special treatment for using services Trump personally gains from?
since you spent so much time at Trump Hotel, did you find his tax returns? Oh never mind, you'd rather be in his pocket
At the Trump Hotel? Interesting! I just took my Ethics training at my job, this wouldn't fly in my company!
We know @jeffsessions is an old friend of yours. Interesting. Now tell him to resign. #SpecialProsecutor #Russia
you should be ashamed having dinner at Trump hotel and drinking Trump wine. Represent IOWA! --a constituent
I agree with others, how can this not be conflict of interest?
Chuck Grassley: Bought and paid for by Donald Trump.
Yup, illegally handing money to the POTUS
You're such an embarrassment. #DoYourJob for once and start investigating #SessionsRussia  and #Trumprussia.
how does the treason taste?  Bitter?  Trump is a Russian puppet, and you are complicit.  C U on the other side of history
sir, do you not see the number of times you have mentioned the trump hotel lately...ETHICS please
When did you become the marketing director for Trump properties? Getting kickbacks? Asking for an Iowa friend.
So you're OK w/Millions of $$ being spent on security at Trump Towers daily and promoting Trump products while his is @POTUS?
How is this not a blatant conflict of interest? I hope you can see why we are suspicious #corruptcongress & corrupt @POTUS
A Trump hotel? Conflict of interest! Sessions lied about Russia. What are you going to do about it?
And didn't you serve on Ethics Committee? Why are you promoting Trump products? You sound proud. This is disgusting.
so directly depositing money into @realDonaldTrump pockets?  You're such a great senator...not
You have to admit the lack of ethics on the venue selection. I support rail infrastructure as well but clearly a bribe.
who paid for it? How much profit did t-rump make? This is REALLY OK with you?
Chuck Grassley = unethical. Sad day in Iowa.
I like to think you are pointing out this conflict. shame they did not go with "jumbo trump crab" that is a pun I can support
What's next Chuck?  Tell us to run out and buy some Ivanka shoes/clothes?  You're such a sell out. #DoYourJob
Unbelievable.  Claiming the moral high road requires you take the moral high road. #DoYourJob missed you in Polk County.
When are you going to do your job?
Maybe we should crowdsource some money to counter the Kochs' and NRA's.
#shame #shame #shame
Can you say "conflict of interest"? Sure you can! POTUS profiting directly from this. #corrupt #YoureMySenatorToo
Is Putin pulling your strings now too?
Sessions lied about meeting with Russians. What are you going to do about it?
enjoy your last term Senator. Way to line the POTUS pockets with money. No conflict of interest? Bull $hit!
You love to present yourself as a farmer from Iowa. In fact, your as deep into the Washington swamp as they come. Shame.
Trying to prove how much you've sold out?Can you spell emoluments in Cyrillic?Whoring for 45 isnt what, we, your constituents need from you!
please look into Trumps conflicts of interest and taxes. It doesn't seem right that he can gain like this as @POTUS
Not sure he saw this while at dinner at Trump Hotel as it came out that AG he voted for lied under oath.
come home to Iowa. Go to Hy Vee, get some chicken, throw it on the back yard grill and remember who you and we are.
bonus pork barrel projects for circling trump more than once?
.@ChuckGrassley So instead of investigating Trump's conflicts of interest, you help him profit? Really helping  Iowans, aren't you.
The Hotel Julian in Dubuque would have been better.
Seriously, the Senior Senator is mocking hard working Iowans with his shameful display of product promotion   Ethical?
got to be some perks for getting beat up for just doing your job. Honest you are. Thanks for being on of the good guys.
Stop promoting his businesses, sir. The Iowan electorate has changed and the small % of us who like him don't tweet or gram.
Please support Select Committee/Special Prosecutor to investigate Trump's ties with Russia. And get his tax returns. Thanks.
So, a group wanting their voice heard, doing so at a place where @POTUS family gains benefit with a Senator is ethical how?
For a Senator that pays the ethics card consistently, this sure makes you sound a bit hypocritical. #WeDemandBetter
no conflict of interest there....
Can you explain what the Emoluments Clause is and how we can tell if it is being violated?
How do you not see this as a problem?
This is insanity.
no sense that perhaps tweeting about a meeting at the Presidents conflicted hotel is wrong? If your voter, would be pissed.
Yes, Mr Grassley. I'm a voter and I'm pissed. Not surprised, because you've disappointed me a lot. But now pissed.
Universe check!
Impeach Trump then quit and go to Nursing Home!
#RetireChuckles
chuck why did you circle trump's name
what's happening with that GSA lease issue? Ethics do matter.
end the ethanol scam that is polluting iowa waters. End renewable fuel standard.
