Good lord, chuck!  All people pray, not just christians. It is a natural human response not related to religion
He is a Christian, that is that!
Not if you define it as someone who knows what Jesus said and did in certain situations, knows the context of that situation, agrees
Well your right! But I don't know where he is on his life's journey of being transformed to be like Jesus. Not my call, only God's.
He has the power to do so much of Mathew 25, but puts worshipping a "style" of government first.
I pray every day that @ChuckGrassley will act to remove POTUS from office. Not working yet.
I look forward to the day leftist are brought down permanently for the murder of millions of the unborn babies by abortion.
ROFLMAO 
I'm religious but prayers aren't saving people. Neither are any of you
I'll take that under your agnostic advice and give it the attention it deserves. FLUSH!
Excellent choice, Sir, We share your sentiment. Prayers of strength for you as you find a way to right the course we find ourselves on.
You're looking in the wrong rat holes if you're looking for #RuleofLaw  #ConstitutionalLaw and #Justice
Yeah.  Prayers. When all else fails throw in some religion. Throw out a verse. Make it seem like you are godly. Works with the rubes.
Hog wash.
God bless Tillerson for distancing himself from racist #tRump
He's no racist. I will be glad to point you to REAL racist on twitter. Met them (KKK, Nazis, Anarchist, etc). He's not even close to them.
Prayers do nothing.  Actions matter.
For some that's right. Prayers won't get through the ceiling when the heart is full of hate and no relationship with God.
Stronger believers than you suffer every day. Tens of thousands of devout believers no longer have homes in Houston. Maybe they didn't pray?
I think they need actual help in Texas not just your thoughts and prayers or the super helpful Good Luck 45 said
I don't believe in luck!
You're running the country, not a church. Please act like it, thanks.
I saw that & I watched TX flood MSNBC most of the day-the TX people are SO AMAZING HELPING EACH OTHER! You could see/feel their pain
I pray for them and our country. We are a laughing stock around the world. I pray for @GOP to get some balls. Please soon
During this administration, under this President, I pray every day for the survival of our Democracy!
We are NOT a democracy! We are a Constitutional Republic!!! Learn the difference. #GetEducated
This is a distinction without much of a difference. 5 bucks says you can't even articulate what that difference is.
#Blocked - Disgusting twitter name.
How about putting some importance into the Constitution and the enforcement of our laws. #ConvictArpaio #SequesterTrumpAssets
I'm praying that you stop dragging your feet in your investigation and vote to release the transcript of the Glenn Simpson hearing already.
Mocking God will get you BLOCKED!
I pray my MOC's will find moral fortitude.
.@ChuckGrassley Amen. I pray every day that you all will wake up & #impeach Trump. Very important. #IA01
I have prayed for the complete fall of the demonic forces of evil, the leftist, who continually kills the unborn. Disrespects our laws.
Separation of Church and State. If you can't get even that right get out of office!
Separation of Church and State was that the government cannot establish a religion. That's it!
Senator, Jesus has already prepared a special place for you. Travel real light as it's going to be very hot where you're going.
Ah, the religious expert - someone who knows Jesus. Please! Give me a break!
Prayers are as useless as Senator Grassley.

Hmm not the part where Trump speaks for himself? Ok, then. U might part of why we have a racist self serving president.
He's no racist, but can let you tweet a real one. I've tweeted them; your pick: KKK, Nazis, BLM, Anarchists, Communist. Trump not close.
Great.
Millions of people prayed that this wouldn't happen. "Praise the Lord"???
Climate change is real, Chuck. Science can be helpful to humans. God is good with science.
Keep State and Church separate. Prayers are a personal practice that has no room in government.
Those prayers being answered in Houston?  How come God hasn't stopped hurricane?
A priest paddled his kayak to high ground to pray for those he left behind in flooded Houston. Yeah, that happened.
God doesn't exist and your book is a joke
Matthew 6:5-6, Senator. Remember that one?
They aren't, you numbskull
Prayers don't help people in natural disasters. Only actions do. Don't be naive.
I'm praying for the exorcism of Trump! Put the Christ back in Christian hypocrite.

Trump’s business sought deal on a Trump Tower in Moscow while he ran for president http://wapo.st/2ghO6U0?tid=ss_tw-amp …
Bleh. Gross. Prayers do nothing. Keep your religion out of our government.
Omg. You are an elected official, not a clergyman. Keep your religion private and deal with your public policy responsibility. #awkward.
"And when you pray, you must be not like the hypocrites who pray in the synagogues and the street corners to be seen by others." Matthew 6:5
of course he knows the importance.. What do u think he's mumbling under his breath every time the @Potus opens his mouth?
Prayers are great. Tillerson needs to also understand loyalty and importance of discretion.
I'm a Christian and I find it interesting you focus on THAT part of the interview. He just separated himself from the president. #Listen
I just hope She hears the prayers.
Bartender, cut him off.
true
Maybe y'all should've prayed for the storm to not make landfall. Oh wait, praying does nothing. Donate to the Red Cross if you want to help
Can we all pray Trump gets impeached?
#impeach45now #checksandbalances #dotherightthing
He also said the president is out of touch w country's values. Or did you miss that?
Mark my word, if and when these preachers get control of the [Republican] party, and they're sure trying to do so, it's going to be a 1)
terrible damn problem. Frankly, these people frighten me. Politics and governing demand compromise. But these Christians believe they are 2)
acting in the name of God, so they can't and won't compromise. I know, I've tried to deal with them.

--Republican Barry Goldwater
Fuck prayers. What we need is the @Cabinet, the @GOP and the @TheDemocrats to stand up and take down this unhinged, authoritarian @potus.
Read the Sermon On The Mount. Do that!

PTL that Iowans understand that you're not standing up to 45. We get the importance of competence and reject your party over country stance.
Remember that Tillerson also said the president speaks for himself. Maybe Tillerson is half willing to admit that POTUS is a moron.
What about this part of the interview.. https://twitter.com/margarita/status/901816452558319617 …
LMAO
Now can we forget about the stupid wAll and use the billions to rebuild texas
Welp I see #Antifa is attacking even here. Misinformation and lies as usual.
Praise the lord that Sec Tillerson mentioned in that interview DJT does not represent the views of the US government & only speaks 4 himself
What prayer do you say before you vote to take away health insurance from 20 million Americans?  Curious
Yes, I seriously want to know, what prayer do you say as you prepare to destroy American lives?
Matthew 6:5 "And when you pray, you must be not like the hypocrites."
SMH over this one. I got nothing.
That and he at least knows what is appropriate to say at times of trauma
I'm bleeding profusely. Let's pray. All healed! Jesus. Christ. What is WRONG with you people?!? #RevolutionIsComing #resist
:-) Amen...And vs 3 "This is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Savior,
Pray the GOP doesn't completely ruin the USA
Didn't watch it. But absolutely thrilled that God is watching over our President.
In Trumps case it's Satan who watches over him...and of course Putin.
I'm atheist.  Am I still welcome in America
I think science is more likely to be effective in reducing hurricane and flood damage than talking out loud to an imaginary friend
Come to think of it @realDonaldTrump hasn't raised the Lord's name or prayer in any of his wishes for the community in Texas has he?
Yep he needs all the prayers he can get with all the selfish and evil things he has done
2 bad U don't practice being a good Christian. U know feeding the hungry clothing and shelter for the needy....
I pray you retire asap.
i pray every night that you poo your pants on national tv
Matthew 6:5
Here's a verse you can contemplate during healthcare.
I know your words don't say this, but all I see is "Rex, I appreciate your insulting the monster we nominated to be the head of our party."
I guess as long as you pantomime piety all the other horrible things you do are forgiven
Jesus, that was the least newsworthy part of that interview.

Seriously!?!?  Houston is a travesty and Trump is still in power.  Prayer doesn't help.
;-)
Prayers of folks in Texas don't seem to be swaying the big dude in the sky too much, Chuck.

Too bad the Republicans don't know the importance of getting rid of an inept president who is also insane.
How about instead of praying you do your actual job and investigate trump?
Chuck is one of the Alt Right.
God isn't real senator.
Still waiting for your comments re: pardon of Arpaio and Trump's complete disrespect for the rule of law.
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Federal aid after hurricanes is better.
Chuck I want You to be so American You will do the right thing with Trump! I know it is hard but YOU KNOW THE RIGHT THING TO DO!
Typical response from a zombie- the CORRECT ANSWER IS STICK WITH AMERICA. Drink more kool-aid you freak
Praise the Lord that he said the president only speaks for himself. Re prayers, majority of US is praying more than ever
What?
Many claim to pray; but turn a blind eye when they see evil. Trump isn't a man of God. He is destroying America & the GOP #ImpeachTrump
Yes, very important to feel and appear like you're doing something about crises when you're actually not
Of couse he did..he knows what sort of nuckin idiots the GOP are! He knows the GOP have buried their heads in the sand while *45 destorys us
lmao wut?
I'm praying, that makes me a good person
And when you pray do not be like the hypocrites. Truly I tell you, they have received their reward in full. Matthew 6:5
Keep on Chuckin’!
All the prayers in the world won't help corrupt con Trump and this complicit @GOP
Transcripts? When will we get to see them?
Even better if he knew;
A. Constitution
B. Qatar is the enemy of the US
C. Lebanon is Hezbollah and all aid should be stopped
(Not-subtle endorsement of Tillerson and diss of Trump)
