#RemoveTrump #25thamendmentNOw #TrumpRussia #obstructionofJustice #abuseofPower #muellerTime #IC #FBI History is recording watching

 U 4 ur questions concerning the URANIUM DEAL, I hope U all honestly get 2 the bottom of these issues. We need the truth on unmasking also
Did his memory return?
Why are you still avoiding pursuing Russia's intrusion in our election?
Why are you protecting Session vs the Republic?! Your lack of true patriotism is disturbing.
America wants answers to Clinton and Comey and Russia bribery. Please pursue this
Right after we lock up Trump
No he DID NOT-  HE is a LIAR and TRAITOR!! Just as bad as his boss!
Why did you let Sessions get the benefit of executive Privilege with out officially getting it? Covering for Sessions or Trump! Do your job!
Senator WHO is running JUSTICE DEPT??  Sessions or DEEP STATE ??!!  We are damn tired of NOTHING BEING DONE!!
The one answer made no sense when he said Rosenstein should investigate his own investigation.  Rosenstein bad actor.
Nice to see your ignorant base is out in full force.
Didn't understand @jeffsession answer about Rosenstein ok to investigate himself in regards to  #UraniumSale ?
Sessions needs to go. No way he has what it takes to go after one of his own kind. Please @POTUS fire him and get Rudy G. #MAGA
Sessions recused himself from doing his job!
As AG, he is obstructing justice using Campaigning as a defense! If he can't, he needs to assign Special Counsel not overlook crimes! @POTUS
If you think those were good answers you need to get your ears checked.
Senator can we have at least ONE TRIAL ON ANYTHING??!!
@jack For the love of all things literary, please give Senator Grassley 240! Or send us all a Rosetta Stone.
@LindseyGrahamSC @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 

GPS Fusion is fighting so hard because it's going to reveal Obama & Dems!
Please be sure to give the FBI informant round the clock protection. Too many witnesses have died shortly before their testimony.
Senator Grassley, the person who exposed Hillary Obama Admin Russian Connection has a gag order from Obama’s Admin. Pls remove it
If the gag order is removed please protect this witness. We have seen so many witnesses go missing as a means of avoidance.
This article should catch your attention Sir
Senator are you PART OF SOLUTION or PART OF PROBLEM??!!
Senator are you saying AG Sessions doing GOOD JOB??!!  We are SICK of waiting for JUSTICE to be done on ANY OF THE CORRUPTION IN Obama admin
@LindseyGrahamSC @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 

I also BELIEVE the FBI is involved in all this mess; paid $50k for it.
@LindseyGrahamSC @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 

This ONE thing says it all: It was the Dems!
Thank you for asking tough questions to AG Sessions. Many Americans would like to bring these matters to closure with indictments.
Thank you for being our voice for actual Justice! There has been so little of it! The powerful cannot get away with the crimes we would be..

"Dr., " You are the problem!!
He did NOT do well! @jeffsessions covers up for corrupt @realDonaldTrump and lies! Very obvious Sessions did  BAD!Who are you trying to fool
He did well??? Head of DOJ won't say that federal workers can't discriminate against lgbtq? Doesn't recognize a Russian when he meets one?
Thought the guy was French?
YOU F-ING TRUMPSCUM!!!!!!!!!!
http://foreignpolicy.com/2017/10/20/jeff-sessions-just-confessed-his-negligence-on-russia/ … Unacceptable.
He avoided, evaded and deflected. Looked like he might have shit himself a couple times too.
Senator if DEEP STATE CULTURE is ROADBLOCK TO JUSTICE DONE ON ANY Obama admin crimes, PEOPLE MUST BE REMOVED!!  DO SOMETHING, DO ANYTHING!!
Bullsh*t.  Why aren't you making Jeff Sessions answer all the questions?  Some oversight. You should be sending him a subpoena. DO YOUR JOB.
SAD LIES!
@ChuckGrassley two wrongs don't make it right ! You are putting party before transparency,truth,and interigarity! Shame on you!
Are we actually going to finally see equal justice in our country? Clinton's have gotten away with murder for years with no consequences!
Americans want the truth. Keep fighting and thank you.
Double standard + friendship = questionable ability to provide proper oversight. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/10/20/jeff-sessions-james-comey-trump-conversations-chuck-grassley-243961 …
You should be ashamed. Sessions LIED to you ALL and you allow it to happen. UNCHECKED. What if he were a democrat?!? Apply the SAME RULES!!
Time to "reset" Special Counsel. This web is dense and tangled. How much Taxpayer $ spent thus far?? American PPL see this timeline!
Why does AG Loretta Lynch get to testify in private today. She’s part of the real Russia collusion. Real America is watching very closely.
Yeah, he was great at saying, “I don’t recall” and “Not that I can remember.”
Let your conscience be your guide. Let Mueller do his job; our country's future is at stake. Truth, justice.. the AMERICAN way.
Fucking LIAR! Jeff sessions committed PERJURY multiple times AND YOU KNOW IT, yet you left your balls at home and refuse to admit it!
FUCKING LIAR! Do your goddamned job & stop trying to stonewall Trump/Russia investigation! Try being an HONORABLE senator, not Russian pawn!
What about McGrain v. Daugherty, 273 U.S. 135 (1927)  Congress has the right to interview a "confidential informant"and oversee the DoJ.
Remember not doing your job on oversight, ends up being obstrution of justice and then you’ll be talking to him.
Grassley/Kushner/Visas #Complicit
You're failing the country you pledged to fight for. Stop pandering to the dangerous reality star your party supports. Be a man.
The whole uranium thing is a deflection  and diversion from sessions and russia
I  pray for your  informants safety and yours - Mueller and  Clinton gang are ruthless !
Corruption Obama Administration HILLARY Clinton Rosenstein ' Macabe' & Mueller Recuse Himself ! And A Formal Investigation!! NOW!
Dems. never laid a hand on former Iowa Governor, Robert Ray! Repubs. never on Obama.
Men of the same integrity cloth!
Time to find out which members of Congress are bought and paid for..Probably be faster & easier to find out which ones AREN'T!!!!!
Clintons uranium shake em
I cannot believe an honorable brother as you is a lessor American patriot in this fascist attempt to covet our nation
Didn’t answer well to us . How Rosenstein has a job when he’s involved w uranium one deal along w mueller and mcabe stinks of corruption
#WeThePeople of the United States would like to thank Chuck Grassley for his transparency and honest work done on our behalf!
He perjured himself repeatedly. U SIR LIED and carried DJT KLAN re LIES re HRC. U did not lead. U kissed ass & ZERO oversight
You violated your Constitutional oath to install an unconstitutional justice.  Shame on you Chuck!
@LindseyGrahamSC @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SenTedCruz 

Mueller must be STOPPED NOW!  

READ!
Stop protecting him! Don't you have an ethical and moral obligation to the American people? You work for us! Get to the truth! Subpoenas !
Lie lie lie, boy was you easy on him or what, you are corrupt Grassley
Thank you for ur courage. U r the only one trying to get to the truth
Chuck? Are you a Russian bot?
You're a serial panderer
#Sessions did well? He avoided answering. Pled executive privilege. Hemmed &  hawed. @ChuckGrassley needs higher standards. #TrumpRussia
Chuck's in deep with Russia. Mueller has goods on @ChuckGrassley.
Some people say you're involved in the #TrumpRussia collusion as deeply as Sessions is. The truth will come out. Keep your passport current.
Ask him to lift FBI informant gag order today and tell your associates to quit f*cking with we the people.
He did well at NOT answering questions.
Good Job Chuck
sure sounds like he was in bed with RUSSIA to me, and has no interest in protecting our elections in the future ,
Knowing what Trump told Lester Holt on TV, why did you not ask Sessions to either confirm or deny Trump's reason for firing Comey? @JoeNBC
Thank you for bringing up Russian Obama/Clinton corruption in uranium deal! We DEMAND Rosenstein recuse himself and a FORMAL INVESTIGATION!
Clinton and Obama need to answer and pay for their crimes. The American taxpayer has had enough of this.
The Clinton Dem Crime Cartel to end. Everyone will be safer.
Oh Mr. @ChuckGrassley I hope ur security detail really is there to protect you. U know how the Clinton's work. Be brave it's time 4
Battle On Senator
Then why are we hearing he refused to answer almost all of the questions??
I'm glad you are questioning. AG is keeping his mouth shut bc scums have something on him. He shouldn't be AG if he can't investigate this 
America awaits the Obama-Hillary-Russia Uranium One Collusion Investigation!!! #DrainTheSwamp https://www.thenewamerican.com/usnews/crime/item/27164-russian-collusion-yep-but-it-was-clinton-obama-not-trump … #Truth
Why is Fusion GPS a known Russian conspirator treated differently than Manafort? CEO’s need to be held in contempt of congress!Where’s Wray?
Pls hold Fusion GPS in contempt of congress & investigate all the slanderous lies they told to interfere with countries such as Venezuela!
Focus on the obama/Russian collusion.
But you're not biased; oh, no.
Rosenstein can investigate himself?That is the most stupid thing I have heard has no integrity is that what Clinton is doing? DOJ is useless

It wouldn't enter his mind to traffick with foreign powers concerning his country. There are bottom feeders on that committee that touch a
Man's honor without shame.I hold great disdain toward dems because of Gen Sessions character assassination.Being a good man is a crime tiday
At one point you said the dossier testimony Fusion - was being released to the public. Where is it? #Resistance
I am a #keeperofTheirWords in graphics. So this is a pattern with Jeff. He never remembers conveniently. #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Can't find a charge that isn't opposition politics by fabrication!
Have you been in a coma Chuck?
If only there was an interview with Lester Holt in which the president explained that he fired Comey because of the “Russia thing.” If only. https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/920659278234554368 …
FRAUD GRASSLEY" Stop fooling 99% in USA Resign or accept my challenge to debate NETFLIX $6B loot racket operation
He lies.? People seem to think he lies.  #TrumpRussia Why does his story change. It's suspicious Chuck. #TrumpRussiaCOllusion #25thamendment
Why does he not remember? Most people think he is lying #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion But you guys think that is okay!
Why is Sessions allowed to claim "confidenetiality"?  If he were a Dem, you would have charged Contempt.  Also, he  has perjured himself.
Putin Loaded the GUn - Trump Team fired it. Active measures - RT'ing Russian propaganda @KellyannePolls @FoxNews @DonaldJTrumpJr

If only there was an interview with Lester Holt in which the president explained that he fired Comey because of the “Russia thing.” If only. https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/920659278234554368 …
The AG is lying again. He has changed his story for the 3rd time.
i think congress needs to fire mueller, rosenstein, and open case against obama admin.
Perjury is no big deal, right?

Chuck, your performance as a public servant was sorely lacking at Sessions hearing. He perjured 2x and you smiled
#MerrickGarland
Please Senator, work hard for American's- we need the truth- make Clinton/Obama accountantable for Uranium/Bribe
Sessions didn't do well.  He changed his story, refused to answer, and got angry at a senator who was doing his job. Not ok.
Sessions was treated very rude.Was trapped first time around.Thanks for pushing Hillary corruption
Seriously? Hillary isn't in office. She's a private citizen. Nobody should give a crap what she does now. Let's not deflect from real issues
broke laws for over 30 years.Must pay,even stole George Washington China,when left white House.Had to return & fined.Ruined 12 yr old raped
Wanna know why Comey was fired? https://www.nbcnews.com/nightly-news/video/trump-to-lester-holt-i-d-been-planning-to-fire-james-comey-for-a-while-942321731778 …

You're welcome.
P.S. Trump makes everyone around him act like an idiot. You just paid your entry fee. Welcome to the club. Unbelievable.
Basically then Sessions has not completely complied we any investigation yet then?! That is wrong Mr. Grassley you have an obligation.
You allowed complete disrespect and out right bald faced lies, you are a joke and have no credibility.
Al Franken disagrees!  Great interview on last word MSNBC. He spelled out Session's perjury etc. U have chosen party over country colluding!

hahahaha this ass hat is a clown
Basic bullshit Grassley. Sessions lied. If this was Hilary, GOP would never let this pass.  Are you even able to tell the truth?
Sessions did awful answering because U won't compel him to answer questions.  U R obstructing justice yourself.  DO YOUR JOB!
Do your job.  Sessions should be held in contempt.  But you choose party over country.  Shameful hack.
He refused to answer questions and should be held in contempt.  Do you have the balls to do this? No. Party over country.  Traitorous hack
Lyin Jeff Sessions at it again! How many times does he get to move the goal post? Zero credibility. He's a red-faced traitor.
he perjured himself- is that what "doing well" means in your world?
never have I seen and DOJ treated so badly.The muslims people lied and went after everyone whom threatened to expose.Manners do not exist
Thomas Parr is racist. He does not represent the values of US or we the people.  Please vote no. He is a disgrace.
Trump judicial nominee in NC defended voter suppression law & racial gerrymandering, has ties to segregationists http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/10/he-defended-north-carolinas-voter-suppression-law-now-hes-set-to-become-a-federal-judge-there/ …
When will you bring perjury charges against Sessions? - asking for 62% of America.
out right lie.62% a false statement.Liberals on wrong sight.
Oh you're right. It's 63% of Americans. Thanks for catching my error.
yes poles are so spot on.That is how Trump lost..
It's an approval poll, not a predictive poll. You can agree w/ the 37% group but you don't get to call it a lie bc you don't want to hear it
hahahahahahahaha
Please @ChuckGrassley hold Hillary & Crew Accountable! We The American People No Longer Trust Our Government & Agencies! We want JUSTICE!
It just keeps getting better and better! Washington is NOTHING BUT CORRUPT THUGS! https://www.circa.com/story/2017/10/17/national-security/the-fbi-uncovered-russian-nuclear-kickback-scheme-months-before-the-obama-administration-passed-uranium-one-deal-with-moscow … #Hannity #RussiaScandal
So, now you can downright lie to the Senate w/out consequences? The normalization of lying by Sessions & @POTUS by saying "i do not recall!"
Sir keep up the Great work,ignore the lib trolls. I always carry Kleenex to wipe up their tears.
Thank you Mr. Grassley for your bravery and never ending pursuit of truth. Hope you know how much folks appreciate your efforts!
No he didn’t. He lied again and essentially confirmed he had previously lied under oath. Stop lying!
mental illness is treatable
What a crock! You both are going down! I can't wait to see you in handcuffs. Putin can't save you !
You better start investigating Hillary get off your butt and do something
Frank, the 35 years of crap about Hillary is getting a bit old, don't you think?
It's not old till she pays for her crimes like any American would have that's what I think
You were shameful today. Fully COMPLICIT!
Did I hear you ask a BS question about uranium and Clinton? Do you get your questions from Fox News? By the way, Sessions is a lying fuck.
Just please remember it was BEFORE Obama oked
Sessions could lift the gag order on the FBI informant on the Obama collusion with russia with a stroke of a pen. Why doesn't he do it?
Time to ask Obama and Hillary tough questions. Being bombed with our own uranium won't make your constituents happy.
This Russian hoax is costing tax payers way too much but at least the truth is unfolding Clinton & Obama on the hot seat(the real collusion)
By golly Up Chuck- Sessions , didn’t he have to amend his disclosure forms from congressional testimony... he lied to you and America. Sad
Senator, I disagree.  He is the attorney of the American people, but by asserting exec priv., he functions as President's personal attorney.
moron  do not know how it works,Guess you forgot Holder and Lynch doing same thing
Sessions made you look like a damn fool. And Iowa voters are talking about it. Don’t know how you can show your face in Iowa ever again.
Congressional hearings are nothing but a joke & waste of taxpayer monies. GRAND JURIES! Somebody needs to go to jail! We are SICKof the crap
?? We did not watch the same hearing!!
Why did u allow the Beau Weasel to whine and cry like a DOJ Daycare  toddler. Maybe when u grow up u can aspire to be Al Franken...
Thk U Senator, lots of ans needed on Uranium Bribery. Ppl involved Mueller McCabe Comey http://Rosenstein.How  do u trust FBI JD Congress
What is it with you people up there? We are tired of the games! 
When is Sessions going to start doing something? Why didn't he say Rosenstein should step down? And McCabe. And Mueller.
Agree.
You are defending a man who aided a communist dictator (Putin).  Chuck... do you fear damnation?
Great. Another nothing investigation into Russian bribes. If somebody would go down, this crap will stop!
Senator Grassley, thank you for your integrity in serving the people. Grew up in Iowa and you mirror what we cherish of USA.
https://www.facebook.com/dennis.biondo.72/posts/341119693025015 …
All the liberal trolls will be crying again when your masters get indicted. There sure was a Russia deal but is was Obama and Clinton!
Mr Grossley...u presided over the most disgraceful hearing I've ever
had the displeasure of viewing...hope Mueller adds you to Obstruction
.Wanted to say...as far as my family is concerned it's CLEAR why Comey was FIRED. AND everyone i kno is SICK OF OUR TAX $$ being wasted!
Looks like @jeffsessions has to check w/Schumer to see what his next move is. He certainly doesn’t listen to his boss he stabbed in the back
Sessions is allowing Mueller and Rosenstein to cover up their crimes and divert attention towards the president!!! Sessions must resign now
Apparently, you're not too concerned about a witness committing perjury. We can see your true colors.
He did well? HE SHOULD BE FIRED! He is INCAPABLE of representing the Justice Dept and ROSENSTEIN & Mueller should be fired along with McCabe
Thank you sir for being the only intellectual adult in the room and asking current relevant questions concerning breaches in national security. Rosenstien & McCabe need to be removed from any Uranium investigation immediately.
Judicial Watch Chief of Investigations: US Becoming Failed State - Entire Justice Department is Compromised (Video)
Mueller , rosenstein, McCabe all corrupt and flaunting in our faces
Your performance was disgusting! You threw him softballs. Why? Are you complicit? Are you sold out to Russia too? DO YOUR JOB OR GET OUT!
Thanks for pressing the uranium issue.
He changed his answers again on meeting with Russians. Your despicable if you think he’s not lying.
…but he lied about meeting with Russians. Unacceptable.

Dear Chuckles why you hanging onto @realDonaldTrump? He will disappoint you like has his 3 wives & most of his prostitutes. Put America #1.

Chuck are you proud of party of liars and haters? Iowans fought for the Union. Why do you support white supremacists?
You're corrupt just like the rest. We need an independent commission like 9/11.
He lied AGAIN. Is there no retribution to lying to you people?
Your questions sucked.... missed the tough things. Your a chicken trump follower  take some lessons from @SenAlFrank
Trump needs to fire Sessions,Rosenstein,Mueller&McCabe!America has F'N had it w/all the corruption by Clinton,Mueller,Comey,Obama&Admin!!!!!
Were you in the same room. Ur days in office are short, you r not good 4 Iowa. You are not good for the United States. Quit covering 4 them.
Clinton,Obama&His Admin made up the whole Russia hacking DNC lie that has been proven did not happen&The lie needs to stop being told!
America is outraged w/Rosenstein,Mueller&McCabe not being fired yet!They all R deeply involved in criminal activity in Uranium1 deal!
Cant believe you ppl Russia!!!  HERES YOUR RUSSIA
2009 Mueller FBI Director - Comey his 2nd - ROSENSTEIN was US Attorney "investigating" 
2017 Comey manipulates SC - Rosenstein appts Mueller https://twitter.com/thehill/status/920456158309244928 …
CNN covering up Uranium report.Cnn is corrupt to the core.Trump is 100% right.
How is Rosenstein & Mueller not in conflict? DO YOUR JOB
Obstruction of Justice, trump committed
Get ready to retire old man. You were involved with Russia too
Our president will not even sanction Russia, wtf? We are gonna shut out the lights on republicans
Russia can try all they want. We are aware, very aware and mobilizing
Except for the real ones
You let Sessions commit perjury
Be recast to be fired. Democrats are gonna win because of Donald Trump.
Republicans GONE. YOU BETTER CHECK VIRGINIA NUMBERS AND WHY
Lots of others have lots of 'splain' to do. Hoping u follow thru re/all the tweets I've been forwarding to u.  #wethepeople wearyOfwaiting
http://amp.thedailybeast.com/trump-campaign-staffers-pushed-russian-propaganda-days-before-the-election …
Well? Do you mean the Qs he didn't answer?
Remember party over country, it’s the GOP way.
What???????
He did Terrible Today What a Liar!
TESTIFYING??? Is that a damn JOKE...he is compromised and needs to step down...Rosenstein needs to be FIRED, What the hell is wrong with you
He basically took the 5th.

The Keebler elf is a lying racist. Trump is nothing more than a con artist; Sessions is the same
Mr. Grassley thank you very much for your tenacity today. This Uranium One deal must be made public.
Tough questions on the Clinton Foundation from Trump’s #1 shill.
God bless you!
Complete bs, should b calling Comey, HRC, Obama, Mueller, etc
Define "did well."
he didn't answer a lot of questions.  Perhaps because he couldn't without lying.
