whoever monitors twitter at sen. Grassleys office tell him to answer his phones and stop embarrassing himself on Twitter.
I call everyday and voicemail is all i get.
his office used to be good about sending replies through mail, too, but I've yet to see a single one lately
one of her aides chuckled at me so i had to stop for a couple days to not lose my cool
Many in Congress have been overwhelmed w/calls, etc. since Jan. 20
Maybe Joni will deliver a message to Grassley for you.
What do you have against Iowans having clean water? Or disabled kids having school access. Answer those first.
oh you didn't know? They're talking about taking money out of education to pay for water infrastructure upgrade
"Water infrastructure upgrade" is the oil pipeline like the one that just exploded in LA yeah?
oil is liquid and so is water so if I understand their logic it's basically the same
lol classic
I wouldn't worry about all that; the whole infrastructure thing may not make it through Congress.
Welcome to the rational 3/4 of the country, Now start investigating Trump and crew relationship to Putin ASAP
FBI already investigated Trump, WH Staff & Sec'y nominations.
get my info from IC sources not RU Active measures filtered thru GOP media mouth pieces, us NSA & FVEY have plenty, popcorn up
First, I'm speaking of routine investigations not anything I know from GOP; 2nd if IC is leaking to you they need fired.
If they are investigating treason they should be supported not fired! What side are you on?
If they are investigating treason they should not leaking info. I'm on America's side.
Flynn lied to Pence About conversation removing sanctions from Russia. This raises serious red flags.
Agree; but FBI investigations should not be public unless/until there's impeachment.
Kettle said to pot .. Sen Grassley .. your party wanted to jail your opposition so is that really so different?
Reply to @ChuckGrassley Y don't u ask HRC that? why did u do nothing to stop internet giveaway?
@OGmotherteresa WHAT DO YOU HAVE AGAINST THE AMERICAN PEOPLE CHUCK?
not our concern!
then stop voting yes on his unqualified cabinet appointees
Isn't that your job ??
@fight4women I want to see Hillary in jail for corruption
@Seriously? How about focusing on the corruption occurring right in front of you now?! Or don't you care?
It is not corruption but a clean sweep, who's to blame for the power imballance?  Let's see...
Clinton death squad was real. Russia isn't alone. We tried to assassinations many times. Probably Kennedy by CIA. Glass house

Thank you for this
Trump lies and degrades our citizens yet Congress to chicken to ruffle his feathers, Do something #terrified #NoWallNoBan
You're being a fool; legislation on the wall passed several years ago & every recent president has had immigration interruptions.
legislation on the wall? That is so vague it means nothing.
I believe you are furious about this. There are other Republicans who agree. Form a small band of patriots and go after him.
Russia is really good for u kno what.
/respect but we need to figure why our nation went off the rails arming ISIS and AQ.
WHAT???? Shame on you! And ask him your own self, you probably have connections.
How about fmr Ambassador Ashe's weird death?
This never gets old
. @ChuckGrassley then why'd you confirm Putin's friend, Tillerson? Talk is cheap, Chuck
There may be a Trump/Russia or Hillary/Russia problem but there's no problem with Tillerson; he did business w/Russia end of story.
End of story? Who gets to decide that?
Me. Bye.
LOL. I always admire folks who can back up assertions with evidence. Keep up the good work. Me. Bye. :-)
There certainly are a number of "mysterious" deaths around Democrat party critics. Can we start with our own country?
The Zionist supremacists who fund you are keeping you busy today.
Would it be prudent @POTUS publicly criticize Putin? What would be goal? Box himself in? WWIII? 

Do you really want WWIII?
@GOP has more IMP to SPEED up NOMINEES!

Why are you distracting from NOMs?

Is @SenateMajLdr & you slow purposely?
What a childish cheap shot for a republican this is extremely shallow Shame on you Support our Presidnet or get out.
how about u schedule a meeting with President #Trump. You are my senator and I love u but we have to get D.C. Working again
how about you do your job and investigate the President's corruption & ties with Russia? That might be more effective
We're hoping for an investigation of the Zionist who have control over our Gov't and the politicians they own
Some one ask Dems how a guy gets shot in the back and not robbed with dirt on Clintons. Follow those murders too.
Your soul quit when you voted for @HillaryClinton.
and the answer is, putin is a demoncrat.
Churning hate for Z.
More importantly: Will @HouseGOP @SenateGOP expel Nazis Bannon & Gorka from White House & recognize Gen Flynn as traitor?
How about Breitbart dying suddenly after CPAC and his coroner tech dying from arsenic poisoning?
A senior senator tweeting to get @POTUS ear? What hope do the rest of us have for representative government?
It is frightening, no? @ChuckGrassley @POTUS
i think that America should focus in our homeland first

@DavidCornDC begs the question why you helped elect and support this guy. He is supposedly the best your party has to offer.
Putin owns @RealDonaldTrump. The evidence is clear. The solution is impeachment. If you don't act you are complicit.
and journalists. Surely Trump would think this is a very good thing and more reason to admire Putin.
@JustLaurie40. Hello! Making Donald an Agent? Address Putin yourself
i believe Trump is fighting for the power to do just this
First decent question except the #SoCalledPresident already knows the answer and cares only how it helps him.
Wasted effort on ur part. @realDonaldTrump has more imprtnt things to do like slam Nordstrom & golf. No interest in issues.
What do you have against the people who elected you? Your policies suck. @miracle2x
@billyeichner ask him yourself, dummy!
He is going to rape & pillage US, bankrupt us and then he and his cronies walk away with all our $$. Investigate Do your job
Trump is not going to protect whistleblowers or anyone else. Haven't you figured it out Chuck? This is a hostile takeover.
Maybe also have them explain separation of powers... And maybe take a course in that yourself. In other words, #DoYourJob
@jaketapper IS THIS proven? He has been out of office before.
thank you for attempting to show that people over 60 know how to tweet.
Senator, please BE COURAGEOUS & stand up to Trump. Show the world that Republicanns are not as selfish & immoral as the Pres
@lafloran Get Wikileaks to tell Trump;then he can take it up with Putee at their next polit bureau meeting.
instead of a tweet, how about a formal investigation of @POTUS ?
Good point Chuck. But also ask Trump why he is such buddies with Russia and Putin.
@realDonaldTrump I bet Putin doesn't have to tweet to reach Deadbeat Donald, he can just call his handler
jfc chuck do your job.
you're starting to sound like you're part of #TheResistance - bipartisan, organizing, and getting stronger every day.
Why don't you do it??????  Good Lord can't believe you would be so wimpy...oh nevermind yes I do believe it #rino
suggestion: refuse to schedule a hearing for Gorsuch - you'll hear from Trump
thank u, senator!
YES, thank you!
You can tweet it, but we don't believe it until we see action. #Doyourjob
@jaketapper Is Chuck drinking again?
How about this, ring @jasoninthehouse and give HIM an earful!
now this is an issue worth fighting for. The answer u won't get: Putin can do whatever the F he wants.
I'm grateful for your service.  Thank you for all you do.
maybe you should investigate Putin's involvement in the 2016 election
@jaketapper Way to go Chuck!
.@ChuckGrassley you've got the abbreviations down, now you just need to learn to use the @ symbol.
You are a powerful Senator with seniority. It is your job to do something to protect the nation from traitors
Hey Sen why not look into the Soros influnce in all of our judicial levels, and elections?
This is how a US Senator interacts with the #socalledpresident? Somehow I thought you could talk to him.
If your monitoring twitter anywhere you ain't tellin the President of anything, anything. Ask him yourself @POTUS
this got a little more response than you half time UNI score a couple days ago. People want you to be a leader. STEP UP!!
@nealrogers U R A US SENATOR WITH A 6 YR TERM. GROW SOME AND TELL HIM YOURSELF.
you could stop this any time. But the Republican party is filled w cowards and traitors so you wont.
You know, @SenWarren has no problem getting Prez 2 pay attention 2 her, maybe she could help u..oh wait #ProudSheIsMySenator
@JustWhatNowWhy It's not just election opponents. An awful lot of journalism have turned up with bullets in them as well.
How do you like being the puppet master to Ken Feinberg
Outright prejudice towards victims of terrorism,
Hidden in a appropriations bill, 42 usc 10609!!
Excluding Victims Families from rightful compensation
? 4 U What do you have against 9/11 FAMILIES 42 usc 10608
@JustWhatNowWhy why has the GOP sold out to this fascist.  Chuck, you are ruining America !
@aravosis What's with Putin's hold on Trump &  his attack on our electoral process? You are concentrating on wrong stuff
@aravosis What do you have against having an independent investigation of Russia possibly having compromised a president?
@jaketapper why wasn't Obama Russian reset treated same way by CNN and other biased news orgs? #boycottCNN
too late to grow a pair Chuckie-
@aravosis 
swear to gawd can't make it up
just follow orders and meet w/ Putins finance guy+lift sanctions on Rus spies all in the same day and u will be ok
whoever checks your voicemail isn't doing their job; can't even leave a message.
your Supreme Court politicization was shameful but thank you for speaking the truth here. Hold @realDonaldTrump accountable.
So, I'm confused. Are you really going to start doing your job & hold WH responsible?
@JohnJHarwood This guy signed over his soul a long time ago. Now wants us to think he actually cares about this country. Nope
: Be careful Chuckster, you don't want to piss off The Donald
Time for an independent investigation into Russian interference with our electoral system  Do you job
We've been calling your office twice a week since Jan 20, only once was the phone answered
would have been nice if you had asked this before you supported/voted for Trump
Thank you!  Also, just include @POTUS and your message should make it to Pres Trump and/or staff.
we don't have to ask because Putin can monitor Trump's nonsecure Android phone. #weak #hypocrite #PutinsPuppet #resist
I'm shocked 
sei una vergogna per tutti gli italiani!  "Vaffanculo"
why don't you do your job and investigate?!?!?!
This tweets wins Twitter today. And all before church!
Not sure what nursing home you're tweeting from, but don't act like you care! WHERE'S THE INVESTIGATION! #DOYOUJOB
Isn't it embarrassing that you as a senior Senator have to contact potus like this?
Thank you for speaking out, sir
Subpoena his taxes and investigate Russian election interference and his connection to them. Do your job.
you're asking us to reach @POTUS ?  What exactly do you do for a living?
@realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP @SenateGOP fyi
subpoena Trump taxes and counterintelligence on him and Russia.  What are you waiting for?
Why don't you tell him, or does the truth get in the way of your groveling?
@jaketapper Y haven't you held a Town Hall in the most populous counties for the last 5 years in Iowa? Y U hidin, Chuck?
Chuck Grassley???? Really?
Ask your staff to help you with this stuff. It's making you look like you have no idea what you're doing.
that's what we pay you to do, though, Senior Senator.
We need a special prosecutor appointed now!!!!!
Ask him to ask Putin how to get GOPs to start a treason investigation. I bet he knows.
Need an Independent Commission into Russian espionage/collusion. (Outside of Congress so no Ryan/McConnell sabotage) #NatSec
http://lobelog.com/why-is-trump-adviser-wearing-medal-of-nazi-collaborators/ … When I lived in Iowa, I thought you were worthy of respect. Please prove me right. #ImpeachTrump
@jaketapper Careful Chuck, short fingers but long arms
Senator, if you want his attention, you should use his handle (@realDonaldTrump) andcomment about the size of his hands.
you don't know how twitter or the white house works
@jaketapper Chuck is another profiteer too scared to stand up to the regime. Grow a pair and do your job.
dude you are a very senior senator in the majority party, you can just ask the president yourself
What do you have against people of color & LGBT (Sessions) & education (DeVos)? You are a disgrace to our state/.
maybe YOU should ask POTUS.  Or get your Senate buddies to DO THEIR JOBS AND CONDUCT OVERSIGHT!!!
he's the leader of your party. You ask him
oh Senator you think this WH has someone who monitors Twitter they are not that organized
@jaketapper Have a hearing instead of prioritizing forcing this garbage cabinet down our throats
@realDonaldTrump  
Chuck, have one of the grandkids show you how to use Twitter please!
Oh Chuck! Don't you know that's all fake news? Anything Trump doesn't like is fake. And he looooves Putin madly.
@billyeichner does this mean you are finally coming to your senses and caring about us instead of an agenda and Bannon?
@jaketapper  please report real news not fake news  ask podesta he knows all about u & ur fake news
@jaketapper the tiger is hungry!!!!!!!
@jaketapper Sounds like you have a question for Putin. You should go to Russia & ask him. Please televise the response
@jaketapper Ask him yourself.
Why didn't you ask Sessions at the confirmation hearing? What with his connections to Carter Page...
Maybe after that someone on your staff or someone in @WhiteHouse can teach you how to use Twitter? It's not carrier pigeon.
& Trump follows up with: "When is a good time for me to start killing opponents ?"
the fact that u have to resort to twitter is embarrassing.  Your party is embarrassing, your Pres is embarrassing.
#fraud
@Kris_Sacrebleu all due respect Senator, so far you are cooperating fully with the leader Putin installed.
why dont you ask him yourself
@jaketapper ask him why they aren't protected given the risks they apparently live under
.@ChuckGrassley @jonipr2 as if the CIA and dyncorp don't do that here.. I think that was @realDonaldTrump  point
The good Senator has finally reached 50% Twitter comprehension.
Do Russian Journalists collude with Political Parties like they do in America Jake/DNC?
@jaketapper Obviously by their content no one is monitoring them. Lol
@eliz________shu
@jaketapper @realDonaldTrump 

There Chuck, put ur BUG BOY pants on n tell him yourself n stop tweeting behind his back
@jaketapper whoever monitors Twitter for grassley, tell him to stop taking money from lobbyists to incarcerate poor people.
Obama had 8 yrs to ask him that as Putin was busy increasing Russian power under weak BO
This is you ! #GrowASet
@jaketapper u want answers hold up the hearing on Gorsuch.  Your complicit in letting Russia have a say in our govt.
Mr. Grassley..this would work better if you did this...@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @PressSec
@jaketapper can't you just help MAGA, a lot of happy voters will remember.
@jaketapper  Yep!
somebody should ask Grassley what he has against education! Thought you fought for-profits????
@jaketapper definitely CYA time. Something very big is coming... @funder
@jaketapper then call 4 the Trump W.H. 2 be investigated 4 ties 2 Russia. The oath u took was 2 defend Constitution not Trump
@jaketapper Chuck said that?? That's the 1st step Senator
@jaketapper what did HRC have against Seth Rich, Shawn Lucas and John Ashe - answer me that moron
