hey chuck, what do you have to say about the president's big KFC scandal? millions were promised chicken and trump has failed to deliver. ??
What did President Trump do the day after he threatened North Korea? Golf. He could have picked one of his caddies as Korean Ambassador.
This is just sad. Don't beg, chuck.
Well, he'd certainly be crowned the Biggest Pig of the State Fair if he did visit again.
NO!!!!! KEEP THAT #TREASONOUSTRASH OUT OF IOWA
We don't want that traitor in Iowa.

U and your president are an embarrassment to all that is good in this world.Stop supporting the hate monger in the WH. #thisisnotus
Why would you want such a disaster of a President at your fair?   You should invite actual conservatives.
Cue "the Music Man" while Russia runs the country into the ground
Is there a Trump property there? Rumor has it that he only visits Trump properties
WQAD
Suck it, Grassley.  Stop genuflecting for your füher.
Oh he's sucking it alright underneath a desk in the Oval Office with a blonde wig on.
i sure in hell hope not.the white racist jerk of a non human
U seriously need an MRI of your head to see if your brain is there.  I'm speechless as to how moronic this tweet is.  Between u & King. Ugh

God forbid this Dictator ever comes back to our state!
Disgusting
@ChuckGrassley Perhaps @realDonaldTrump has more pressing matters to attend to at this time?
It would be nice if @ChuckGrassley visited/had public mtgs in IA counties. Won't need helicopter. Will u visit again? RSVP
When are you coming to Polk County Chuck? We've been waiting for you to hold a town meeting.
time for him to leave office he has been there way to long vote grassley out we need change now
#wedontwanthimhere
Are you having a stroke? Maybe it's Alzheimer's. Barack Obama was president two years ago.
Instead of inviting @realDonaldTrump could you try listening to your constituents for a change @ChuckGrassley ?
Ask not what your country can do for you -but what you can do for Russia.
This washed up loser with his long ass tie. You want him in your state? Let's not encourage the younger folks to follow in his failure.
He's busy.
Guess you have to ask even though you've been stroking him for years. Idiot!
Let him go Chuck. Why can't y'all quit #LunaticTrump?  He ain't that into you. #ImpeachTrumpNow @SMShow @JoyAnnReid
No one wants to see him
More of our taxpayer money in the . Thanks so much.
I doubt  it you might start another investagation into him if there's any Russians there #support trump
Is there a traitor and criminal exhibit?
You should be in DC working on finding the Truth about Trump/Russia! What you spend 2 days a Week at the Office?

Plenty of Russian visitors came with him
You're supporting a man who brags about sexual assault.
Supporting 45 should bring you eternal shame
If he does we will respond with fire and fury like the world has never seen.
Deep-fried fire and fury on a stick. And one cup of cookies please.
Get the bucket. You won't regret it.
Please dont come    we have a nice fair youll just fake it up
Please, no.  He has more pressing business, like governing.
Governing his short game on the links. Amirite? 
Good Kiss the Traitor's Ass! Trump would Not be President if the Republicans would do their Job & Impeach he Trump is Guilty!
That'd be cool, but only if you get on his chopper with him and y'all fly back home to the Motherland.
Hey Chuck,  why don't you grow a pair?
RU going 2 get behind R Pres & stand up 4R Pres or RU going2 continue 2B an ass talking against him &his agendas! We CU4 what UR!Opportunist
Thanks for specifying by helicopter so we all can think he is REALLY cool. Honestly, grow up.
Hope so Thank you for going after the Clintons and trying to open up a second council and for gating for our President
What is gating?
Nah. We're good.
In the first hour my Sr Senator tweeted this garbage 92% of the responses were anti-Trump. Get a clue Chuck (cc: @SenJoniErnst ) #dirtyGOP
Seriously, you'd think he'd stop these dumb tweets. It only underscores & amplifies that most Iowans don't buy his BS anymore. #grassleyfail
It doesn't take much research to see his only positive comments are from non-constituents / BOTS. So #tonedeaf (cc @RepDavidYoung)
Dude. You srsly don't need to yell.
Yeah sure. Maybe Trump could call it his farewell tour since his days in the White House are numbered. #TrumpCrimeFamily
Guess someone wants to deliver the propaganda folder with a corn dog.  I don't want him in Iowa, ever.
Grassley is good @GOP soldier. Party over all.
Why would you ruin the fair for others?
Talk to people at the fair about the orange one's rejection of TPP see where that gets ya....
Really Mr Grassley??? We don't want YOUR boss in our state.
Why ruin the occasion?
I'd be embarrassed to have him show up there. You should be too
You have a little something on your nose there chuck
Let's PRETEND all of this train wreck is NORMAL. Some screws loose.
When is your committee going to appt a special prosecutor for Pay for play Clinton Foundation & DWS IT corruption? To many dems friends?
Iowans have been through enough this year dealing with Steve King & regime; give them a break!
Kiss ass
Apparently Senator Grassley is now a giggly 14 year year-old girl passing notes in class.
He sent a note saying 'Do you like a Senator from Iowa? Yes/No.
Odds are if yes was checked it wouldn't be Chuckie. He doesn't have a ..... Whatever.
I hope the chicken makes an appearance
Please God - NO!
@realdonaldtrump isn't going yo backwater state.  He's president now
Is there a Trump golf course in the area?
This guy would like a porkchop on a stick. You buying Chuckie?
@realDonaldTrump Why should he ? You are leading the charge against him
He's too busy tweeting and golfing.
You do realize we have a lunatic in the White House provoking war with North Korea right? Don't u think ur focus should be on that? #IMPEACH
Please NO!!! Iowa doesn't want him. Traffic is bad enough! Let us enjoy the day.
You got a little something on your nose, Senator
You're such a traitor!
Why is the impeachment taking so long?
Chuck, u know something serious is wrong with Trump.  We, the people, are depending on congress to make sure he's impeached. B a hero
Why are you still supporting trump? Get your act together
A "Butter" Trump would make a better President.
Why do you hate Iowa?
Wow sounds exciting
Yes please let him know that he is NOT serving the needs of rural Iowans. His attempts at health care re from has increased our premiums!
His tax reform does not serve Iowans either! He is hurting our economy which will impact our ability to feed America!
At this point there has been no tax reform initiated by the Trump administration.
Enacted you mean
He won't be in the WH next year!!!
Probably not unless you have a golf course at the fair.
crook to crook?
Thanks, but no thanks.
No we don't want trump to vist our state fair. He should be in jail!
We have enough pigs in Iowa. Besides, it's more profitable for him to remain in Bedminster.
He'll attend in the Open Breeding Swine livestock competition.
Hard pass, Chuck.
Why would you want this Traitor?!
Will you get healthcare reform passed?
Oh by all means, take that #TreasonShiteShow on the road to #IowaStateFair...swell idea!
Why would you want him there?  Put you in the accomplice column
If you think @chuckgrassley will be even-handed in Sen. Jud. Cmmttee #TrumpRussia investigation, think again. @wsj @nytimes @washingtonpost
If he comes please keep him.

If he wants something from you, sure!
What the hell is the matter with you?!
Mr Grassley. Can you please get the DOJ to at least appear to be seeking equal justice? The farce on Pres with no action on known crimes...
is unjust. You have oversight. I don't understand why you let Sessions and Rosenstein continue to allow DOJ holdover obstructions.
You must figure that any press is good press to invite him at this time
A fried food festival? He's in for sure. Now do your damn job, senator.
Are you trying to scare away attendance? Have you seen Donnie's numbers?
OMG shut up and get to work in the Senate already! @ChuckGrassley is part of the biggest do nothing senate ever!
Why are you inviting a sexual predator to a place kids go to?
