Garland went to same school worked w supreme court also butdid you permit vote Answer: NO
for the love of God and Country pls take Chuck's and #45's phones away! End the madness! #resist #FiretheFool
.@ChuckGrassley Was the humble part ruling that a man should choose to freeze to death, or that schools don't have to educate the disabled?
if you would have granted Judge Garland a hearing, you'd have seen the same thing. #hypocrite
Obama was a Lame Duck gets nothing through.
and one of terrible judgment. Supreme Court ruled unanimously against his judgment.
I watched all of it he will end up being one of the greats.
think current SCOTUS sent a msg. beyond politics, Gorshuch lacks intellect & maturity a SCOTUS should have. LOOK closer!
Your failings as a statesman, devotion to party, and support of Trump is what we saw. Nothing you tweet will change that.
.@ChuckGrassley However, with no sense of spelling or grammar. #myeyeshurt
That is Garland's seat and you know it, hypocrite.
when Trump impeached #Russia the legitimacy of Gorsuch will be in question. Y'all have waited this long..
Gorsuch lacks a soul & the ability to empathize. And @SenateMajLdr damaged SCOTUS when he blocked Garland. You're complicit.
too bad! Obama did enough damage when he was in office. Such a sneaky crooked president
command of the law is lacking according to experts  See %SCOTUS decision
Zero independence. He's a total federalist society ideologues for plutocracy against the American people. He's doing an act.
Ave someone who would rather allow a trucker to die than hold a company responsible.
MERRICK GARLAND #NoGorsuch
Wher did u get ur riting skills? Iowa?  We obviously faled back in 1947,
I saw a great acting performance. His record speaks louder than words. BTW stop hearings till RU investigation is finished.
really??  I thought his act stunk. I could see right thru it.
someone talking that lacks education and class

saw no such thing.  Saw a man laugh at other people's pain, make light of your corruption of process.
wish we had seen Justice Garland's equally impressive command of the law, independent voice and deep sense of humility.
the man ruled that a worker who saves his own life against the wishes of a company is a fireable offense
You would not even allow Merrick Garland a hearing. You stole the seat that belonged to him #NoGorsuch
I just saw a phony. Repeating scripted answers.
You would have seen that with Merrick Garland if you would have given him a chance
 You are forever degraded as a statesman for that.
Forever chuck even when voters throw you out on your bum
Chuck you are a disgrace to the residents of Iowa, you are a hypocrite and personally shouldn't be in office anymore!!!
Kids w/ disabilities...Trucker freezing to death... Women "taking advantage" of maternity benefits?   Need we say more?
Yeah, except for his views on campaign finance. Or that trucker case. Or that case the SC just unanimously overruled.
unlike Merrick Garland; who was equally qualified but you refused because, Sir, you are NO Iowan, but a party hack. SHAME!
I see a nominee that should not get a hearing because Trump is being investigated my the FBI for collusion.
I feel a potus  under FBI criminal investigation  can not appoint lifetime judge! NO CONFIRMATION
So ignorant @POTUS is not under criminal investigation. Another ignorant comment
wow where have you been! FBI director Comey announced criminal investigation when trump accused obama
there is something really wrong with you!
SC just reversed Gorsuch' s rulomg UNANIMOUSLY...Your comments Sir?
well he did say gosh and golly a lot
I saw a nominee who skillfully dodged questions.
I disagree #russiagate this world belongs to ALL ppl , not just #wealthy #wealthcare
no vote until u investigate RUSSIA and discount that the entire election may have been a sham!
@tedcruz @OrrinHatch @LindseyGrahamSC I've been watching and your noses are brown. I'd think he'd be more truthfulconsidering
Too bad you blocked Judge Garland's hearings. The seat belongs to him. I used to respect you. Where's your integrity?
But just got slapped down 8-0 by current SCOTUS. Not ready for prime time...
Not really! I saw a sad attemp to fill a #StolenSeat you reap what you sow.
Ditto for Garland.
Methinks you doth protest too much. We keep telling it's not Gorsuch, it's your total disregard for constitutional justice.
But he had a hearing. That courtesy hasn't been extended to all with a command of the law & independent voice & humility
If you watched the other hearing this week with Comey & Rogers, you would see a pres and admin up to their eyeballs in Russia
did Merrick Garland testify?
I watched and appreciated your comments and the hard work you do for Iowans.
Sen. @ChuckGrassley asks Judge Gorsuch to keep an open mind on Cameras in the Court. #SCOTUS #GorsuchHearing 
Merrick Garland was humble. No, wait. Humiliated.
Sure wonder how Merrick Garland would have performed...
Too conservative for my tastes.  Expected a man to be fired for not wanting to die.  Come on! 

and Merrick Garland...
Is your Alzheimer's so bad you can't remember what You did Last year?
Stolen Seat
what type of person upholds a company's right to fire an employee for saving themself from freezing to death? #ABSURD.
@ POTUS Go nuclear and get it done!
I watched. I saw an overly rehearsed, inauthentic, corporate loving, inhumane, evasive, partisan. But tomato, tomato.
I saw a rather fake fellow who sounded a bit weaseley. Different strokes I guess
I saw a pompous ass who thinks he's better than everyone else.
- Too far to the right- did not give any specifics- no to Gorsuch. Vote on Garland first!
Independent voices don't refer to "Democrat" presidents.It is a coded language.And the frozen truck driver case-not IA values
Sadly Senator you did not give Merrick Garland that same courtesy. Why was that again... some rule you made up..?
all I saw was a GOPer love fest! #neilletsgogrababeer
Do you, yourself, have "a command of the law, independent voice and deep sense of humility?" Just sayin'.
Yes and would make an excellent replacement for the next available seat. This one was stolen by GOP from Garland.
I hope it's contagious.
Geeze, you would have probably seen the same with Merrick Garland.
I did watch a few hours and saw evasion and untruthfullness on both sides of the GOP
this is a #stolenseat thanks 2 u. I used 2 admire u, now u shame Iowa & the USA. No hearings while WH is under investigation!
I wonder what we would see at a Garland hearing. I guess we'll never know.
or a right wing ideologue
All I caught was condescension
you tweet like a 10 year old.
can't confirm a judge that's nominated by a president under fbi investigation. Country over party. Do your job.
... and a guy who got his hearing (unlike the last nominee). #Shameful
As parent of 3 #SWD what I saw was someone who thinks that leaving our students behind is fine so NO @ChuckGrassley #BlockGorsuch
who contributed millions for him? Please answer that and why it was needed. Thanks.
@senjudiciary You would have also seen my Senator @JeffFlake asinine behavior that made a mockery of such important hearing
And democrats that don't know shit
Merrick Garland
oh you mean that nominee whose ruling was overturned by SCOTUS bc he ruled children w/disabilities shouldn't be educated.
Potus Gets No Scotus while Under
FBI Investigation ! Are You a Russian Supporter @ChuckGrassley
I saw a man with the command of avoidance
Gorsuch is too extreme. And it would be wrong to let you steal the seat and destroy the Senate. There shld be a fillibuster.
Garland finally got a hearing?
#MerrickGarland or nobody. #resistance
you need some spelling lessons
I hope you jam him through.  We lose the battle, certain to win the war.
And where do u stand on #AHCA? And, did u vote to repeal the Internet privacy regs today? U have been in the Senate too long.
.... nominated by a POTUS under investigation for treason after the GOP pissed away the good faith in American politics.
Senator you are gaslighting the American people. What you did to Merrick Garland forever stained the "upper chamber"
NO VOTE ON GORSUCH .NOT FIT TO SERVE .
Also, a chairman who failed to do his duty. You are a GOP Partisan HACK. #Pathetic  Garland was equally qualified.
who put millions and millions to get him the nomination, that's what I want to know
possibly the Mercers.
do the honorable thing and grant a similar hearing for Garland...unless it is party over country for u.
Who thinks someone should be fired for deciding to not die.
take care of FBI and Russian interference 1st then you can get on with your constitutional responsibility to confirm Garland!
Thanks for your efforts. Sorry for the mess that Mitch and Ryan have created.
cool story, will wait till the investigation is over. 'Cause you know… Russia
go nuclear if need be. He's good man.
please don't forget all your constituents
I watched, but must have missed the part you describe.  Franken was on point though.
So the SCOTUS voted 8-0 to overturn his bad ruling on special ed while you bought his lies? You're the Senator from Russia!
Would have been true of Merrick Garland, too, had you given him his rightful hearing.
pantsburnlegwound
.@ChuckGrassley I see a nominee who had a ruling unanimously overturned by #SCOTUS because it was a bad ruling. #NoGorsuch
unanimously, and during the middle of his hearing, no less. there is a message there chuck.
nope
