Sorry @ChuckGrassley no one trusts you any more. You've spent the last 6 months defending everything that family has done #iagov #iapolitics
You said nothing about a private meeting between a Russian Spy and Trump in the oval office...remember that? I do. #iagov #iapolitics
Give me a f***ing break!!
What koolaid? Obama actually met with kislyak 22 times. This is fact
That is a bold face lie; stop spreading lies. Visitor logs and an actual meeting with the Prez are two very different things. Do ur homework
ONG WHAT IS THIS?? 
It's NOT a private meeting without any other Americans/US Press in the Oval Office sharing secrets.
It's BS. America knows it's BS. We will fight all of you, beat you down, vote all if you out & start over.
How about a FACTUAL overview of the Mueller investigation! How long will you let this go on? What about Wasserman Schultz and hard drives?!?
Tell us about the prayer breakfast @ChuckGrassley - can you appear before your own committee? #Marakov
Grassley abruptly canceled Manafort and Kushner's testimony & instantly subpoenaed the agency for the Dossier. It will bit them in the ass.
I'm not sure of the bite. Once they discredit then blame Dems, case closed. Leaks will b meaningless-a work of fiction. Learn Russian Now
thats ridiculous. While it may seem like public voices matter, they don't in a Court of Law. The Dossier will confirm Trump's involvement.
Grassley is trying to turn this entire invest into a Clinton invest; it's time #TheResistance rise up and help save this country from GOP
What is wrong with investigation of the Clintons?  Why should they be above the law?
We the American people deserve to hear from Manafort & Trump Jr. in an open hearing.
Anything else is an absolute failure to the American public
Shame on you! We the people refuse to cut deals with Trump &  Co.
What about Susan Rice? Do we the people deserve to hear from her in an open hearing? What about Samantha Powers? Both are in closed hearings
AGREE!  SUCH BS AND GRANDSTANDING!
The both had high level security clearance & Don Jr & Manafort do not
LIKE HILLARY?
I don't care about Rice or Powers. But I think they ALL should testify publicly like HRC
might want to have a talk with your buddy too. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/07/21/jeff-sessions-just-got-in-more-trouble-and-now-hes-put-trump-in-a-box-too/?tid=sm_tw …
Your former opponent was correct...a pig farmer should not be head of the Jud, Committee. Party over country?
Why aren't you investigating leakers or Hilary's crimes?
Answer the question:  Under oath?
Oh gosh, @ChuckGrassley, it sure looks like you have sold us out. "Us" being the Iowans who you are supposed to be representing.
Only public, under oath. If not, you're just a treasonous Russian stooge like all the other senior Repubs.
You have turned your back on your constituents, you lost our trust, you have shown us that you are a terrible person
If Congress put half the effort in to legislating as it does investigating Trump, his campaign & his family, imagine what you could get done
Will answer questions after Donald Jr says "that's all there is " and two more Russian related people end up in meeting?
Under oath, so all can see how much there is there & not once impugning Hillary Clinton or Dems.
We don't trust in anything anymore that we can't see and hear.  Should testify publicly as well.  Clear decision to support/protect rhem
Not good enough. Under oath and no other way.
Hopefully your love of Trump Coffee & wine won't blur your judgement, sir.
Waste of our tax dollars and the American Peoples time.
GRASSLEY JUST COMMITTED TREASON > He is a Russian Asset!! 
?
Grassley and Feinstein also said both Donald Trump Jr. and Paul Manafort have agreed to negotiate to provide the committee with documents...
and be interviewed by committee members and staff prior to a public hearing.

"Therefore, we will not issue subpoenas for them tonight .....
....requiring their presence at Wednesday’s hearing but reserve the right to do so in the future," the senators said.
This deal is unacceptable.
Possible that they won't be under oath. This is maddening
This is a travesty, WHY do they deserve this respect? @HillaryClinton testified over and over again ...you've lost US respect, sir.
@realDonaldTrump @MarkWarner @AdamSchiffCA @SenBlumenthal When will the RUSSIA insanity stop? Hillary Lost. Do UR jobs on Agenda: Tax cuts?
The hearing should be public.  There is nothing classified.  Y did you make this deal?  People do not trust your motives
Why Mr. @ChuckGrassley why would you allow the destruction of our democracy? And the ruin of our Law & Order?
The Russians attacked our country & undermined our democracy. This is AN ACT OF WAR!
if every single one of them doesn't testify under oath & via polygraph, then it's pointless & we're on the losing end of a hostile coup
Didn't Grassley say that he was going to subpoena them to testify?
yes...but words are just words til somebody treats this like history altering threat it is. the way it's normalized scares the F outta me
Ditto. Sad. Decades of hardwork by those before us, destroyed in front of our eyes.
What deal did you give them, Chuck? Immunity? These perps are criminals. They should be arrested on suspicion of treason. #ImpeachTrumpNow
We demand a public hearing. You have been complicit, aiding and abetting a criminal president. You said nothing when this happened did you?
IS THERE ONE SINGLE @GOP ELECTED OFFICIAL THAT WILL #DoYourJob?!? You are a disgrace!
YOUR NEW NAME IS SERGEI GRASSLEY



When will they appear under oath publicly? Will they be under oath for your staff? I really do not approve of your aiding and abetting them
...okay....first open then not then open??
Call Chuck's office and tell him that the people demand transparency.  We are done just taking politician's word for things. (202) 224-3744
@CNN reporting otherwise - you cut a deal?  You weasel we will remember how you acted when this is over. u r complicit in the coverup

 
I will believe that when I see it. You are not trustworthy and we cannot believe ANYTHiNG you say.
UMMM JUST EXACTLY HOW LONG IS THIS GOING TO KEEP HIM FROM NEGOTIATING PEACE BETWEEN ISRAEL AND PALESTINE, SIR??
That's because they have nothing to hide unlike Susan Rice!
Get a real newspaper - Republicans have already omitted to lying about Susan Rice!  Try again!!
U need to subpeona those two criminals to speak  as well. They won't give u all of the documents, put them under oath. They'll  lie.
under oath?
Good make it public and under oath.  Just like you guys did to Hillary.
Under OATH or are you gonna give them an escape route?
How much power does Russia have over Chuck? #russianpuppet
Bullshit they are
Both need to testify in open sessions.  Do NOT let them off the hook.
Please don't use this as another opportunity to cover for Trump by deflecting w/ irrelevant Obama and HRC accusations. Hold them accountable
No preferential treatment for either of these men. Need to testify under oath in Public so Voters, that pay your salary, can see.
COUNTRY OVER PARTY...REMEMBER WHO SENT YOU TO WASHINGTON
Shame on you Senator Grassley. When this is all done, I hope your family will suffer the shame of you putting party over country.
Why are you trying to sabotage this investigation Chuck? My guess either The Russians or Trump has dirt on you! Do your DAMN JOB! #Subpoena
When are you going to subpoena Fusion GPS and CrowdStrike?
Oh did I say six other people? I meant; me and my dad and ten other people...No collusion; that is a 'Fake News' story!
this decision is infuriating.
You are utter garbage.
That's right. And we will not forget...2018 is RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER
What about Rice? Comey? Clinton? Obama?
Just send the Marshalls for them... we'd half believe your BS then....
Why handle them with kid gloves, @ChuckGrassley?  Public needs to hear everything, or separate narratives continue.
Hillary Clinton testified on a manufactured scandal in public for 11 hours. She had nothing to hide. Why is the Trump crowd different?
Because you can't tell the difference between a lie and the truth. That's why are your kids got over on you
This provides them protection that you should NOT be affording them. If there's nothing to hide then let them speak and do so publicly.
They Refuse to do OPEN Hearing on PODESTA OR RICE.#ALLEDGLY of sudden #transparency# but then again, haven't had it 8yrs.
They shouldnt have to come! Must be nice to get your orders from the dem. # whether than # Representing the People# ELECTION 2018.
Guess you missed this https://amp.businessinsider.com/burr-says-questions-about-susan-rice-unmasking-created-by-devin-nunes-2017-7 …

Reminder: This contradicts Sessions in March: “I never had meetings with Russian operatives or Russian intermediaries about the Trump camp.” https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/888532754408845313 …
Are you obstructing? Perhaps you should cancel this and let Mueller take care of it.
And Killary is cooperating with you.. o wait... she was let go
The Russian attorney who met with Donald Jr obtained her visa the same way these two Russians did. How did these two obtain theirs Chuck?
Don't they look smarmy and full of themselves. The entire government has been slimed.
Ah so you're actively helping them in their coverup. Good to know. Tell me, when did that R start standing for 'Russian' for you?
complicit in this coverup or easily bribed.
BOTH!

Subpoena Sue Schmidt, Michael McFaul and Bill Browder next. You're on the right path here.
We deserve an open hearing ! You've been and are complicit in this investigation..OPEN HEARING !!!!
Americans are aware you are corrupt. By defending Trump you are complicit, a traitor. In the end, hope you get what you deserve.
They better getting feed up with the covering up all these Russia ties
I hope you're charged with obstruction of justice You know very bad dealings put trump in office This administration is destroying democracy
Why should we trust you? Seriously, why? Work with Dems to gain release of all Trump personal and business tax returns and then maybe...
Good work enabling them to avoid a public hearing, comrade! You are a true patriot!Our friends will not forget you
You have no credibility anymore.  You have chosen party over country. You've chosen misogyny, corruption & Russia.
U gonna jack Donald off later tonight?
I bet old Grassley loves a big shot of Trump baby goo right in his giant horse toothed mouth!
Lock em up
So instead of public hearing w Manafort & Jr, you're instead going after Dems abt dossier? You, sir, are a traitor as well.
You DO NOT negotiate with witnesses on a matter of this magnitude!! @SenateDems MAKE YOUR STAND on this! @SenFeinstein STAND UP!!
the dossier thing has nothing to do with this- stop covering for people and find out how russia meddled in our democracy!
Negotiating which documents are turned over? Why the special treatment.? Protect our democracy not scoundrels!
How much did they pay you?
@ChuckGrassley you are a grand disappointment. We will not forget! #AddGrassleytothelist
Under oath, sir.  Will they be testifying under oath?
You lie!!
BS.
Shame on you and this charade! Junior and Jared should get no special treatment. Testify in ou luck as planned u hack! Country over party!
* in public
Make the hearing open @ChuckGrassley time for you and the rest of @GOP to serve your country not your party or self interest
Two-buck Chuck, you better up your game.
So you guys are giving them a chance to rehearse their answers. Why the special treatement
What about Susan Rice, we want to hear from her!
AMERICANS they're getting ready to BLAME DEMS FOR RUSSIAN TREASONOUS REPUBLICANS ARE SPINELESS! FIGHT BACK FOR THIS IS OUR COUNTRY! U.S.A
Traitor
But will they tell and speak the truth?  Now that is the question.
Need to  be under Oath
Will it be under oath in both cases?  It is important that it is!
You are obstructing justice and cheating the people. Resign!
You're the chief water carrier for corrupt Trump and covering up for him.  You are every bit as guilty as them.
Says Mr. "Death Panels" himself
You're an untrustworthy snake who is willing to sacrifice the wellbeing of this country for your petty agenda
@ChuckGrassley  Party before country.....traitor
The American people are watching you. Will you be a patriot or not? You need to do the right thing or history will not remember you kindly.
Shame on u for caving to give special treatment to Trump's folks. U were elected to do a job! Where is your honor? Shameful!!
There should be no closed door hearings on this matter.
Wait, what? Under oath?
I don't think so.
@ChuckGrassley is complicit. False promises.
Then distract, deflect, delay on #TrumpRussia 
It's all about Nunes' "unmasking" right?
Will this be before or after your partisan witch hunt to investigate DNC ties to Russia & the Dossier? The ultimate obfuscation #TrumpRussia
WHY?!?  Explain it. We don't TRUST any of you. This has to be IN PUBLIC, no valid reason for it not to be.
We don't believe you, Chuck.
Open hearings the country can watch.
@GOP @SenateGOP
Let's Hope You do Your Job........leave the tweeting to Trump
You letting them off the hook
You are a liar GOLDEN CALF butt kisser TRAITOR
@ChuckGrassley Thanks for confirmation that you have no intention of displaying any patriotism or even integrity. F*** America, right Chuck?
Thank you sir for putting our country first!! True gentleman!
How about one of you @GOP hypocrites put our democracy ahead of your party for fucks sake?
You are a traitor to the American people. Stop protecting the criminal Trump family and DOYOURJOB this is disgusting you should RESIGN!
you're no good dude. Trust factor = 0
Stop interfering with the Russia investigation- truly appalling!
Bull! You're letting @DonaldJTrumpJr off the hook because he is a Republican & your agenda is more important than protecting our democracy
Are you serious about investigating or just going through the motions to make it look good while participating in the cover up?
This is our govt, stop hiding. WE pay your salary sir. Make it public!
make sure you print out his emails in case he forgets.
It is also imperative the conspiratorial relationship between Jeff Sessions & Steve Bannon be investigated. He wants anarchy & violence
Under oath.  Publicly.  No less than that is appropriate.  We the people deserve transparency.
this should be open testimony for all Americans to watch. not behind closed doors. much easier to lie
Why in secret, Chuck? Worried they will implicate you? WHEN will you be honest? Ever?
shame on you! You are not an American. You are a stooge for the treasonous fool. People will remember.
Coward Chuck Grassley.
Really? Cause that's not what I've been hearing.
Leaks and unmasking? You should be investigating the only crimes we know of.
Who's running this show? Wow
B careful, Mr. Grassley, U might b accused of "leaking"......
what the hell do you think you are doing, trying to protect the top criminals in the white house
And you wonder why more and more Americans are wanting Dems to take charge of Congress..you are negatively impacting Republicans and urself
They better appear openly! American people are sick of living under a crime family. ENOUGH!
Sorry, have to correct: DT Jr. and 45's son-in-law; and 45's campaign manager walk into a bar with two other people...
@MaddowBlog not true!! They will submit reports! #impeachtrump #trumpsareevil
Openly for America to see. Stop enabling them to escape the laser focus of the American People. STOP HIDING THEN FROM US, @ChuckGrassley
Junior loves to talk trash on Fox. He needs to tell the truth to the American people in an open public hearing.
You let them off the hook for what good reason? You should be ashamed.
Sorry but you and the GOP have  done nothing but look the other way when it comes to this administration, you have no credibility now.
WTH  We thought you really cared about the country and the truth. Now we learn you really are a shill for Trump

Yeah, after they've had plenty of time to work out their stories ... nice going ... for you to approve of !!!
Why is Trump Jr only meeting with committee aides, not under oath?
So if he lies, jr won't have committed perjury! 
As should ALL the interviewees.
I hope they bring the orb.
Those mobsters stole money from Russian people, they didn't create businesses, they stole or received as payment 4loyalty 2Putin. SHAME!!!!!
All you #GOP senators forget that you work for the American people..not #Russia & the #TrumpCrimeFamily . #GOP is a bunch of #traitors.
You hacks had Hillary testify for 11 hours but you let a blatent attempt of collusion slide? The people deserve and DEMAND an open testimony
You used to care about America. What happened to you? Shame!  We citizens demand open hearings to assess Russian influence on our govt.
Be ethical. Why are they being excused from public hearing ?? This all stinks more each day
Shame on you!  The American people deserve to hear their answers.
We demand #Transparency
Aww that's so sweet and so kind of you to share that with us.
Perhaps I can join you & I'll bring some home baked cookies
Dear @ChuckGrassley  You have lost all credibility.  I can hear the shredding machines destroying documents.  #SAD
They need 2 testify in open hearing under oath.We cannot trust u Grassley.Your goal is to hide the truth.To save trump at the ppl's expense.
Put them in front of the AMERICAN PEOPLE. 
WE THEE PEOPLE will judge them on there words. There honesty and FACTS !
The public deserves to hear all that they have to say and they must be under oath when they say it. We see through your 'deal'!
What a disgrace you have become! You give Fredo & Manafort a closed hearing but open hearing on Fusion to shift the blame? Lost all respect
We don't trust you or them!
Make sure u do the right thing! We will be watching. @realDonaldTrump has not done anything wrong and investigations need to stop!
as if you actually want the truth that is staring you right in the face
be sure and act like they aren't traitors, crooks, and griftors
No way Chuckie the Don Jr.& Manafort will take the 5TH.Are you going to be SURPRISED?
When are they testifying?!!
You can't be trusted anymore. Needs to be under oath and public. Stop covering or you can be in the cell next Trump
How much did you get from Russia you crook
Under oath or it's meaningless
This needs to be public. Shame on you for siding with a compulsive liar over America.
You Ready to take to Capitol & White House,#Resistance The people had to come forth in Watergate;they Must come forth in #russiagate
#nothintohide
WE KNOW WHAT YOU DID. #GulagGrassley
So... you cancel Jr and Manafort's appearance and instead subpoena Glenn Simpson?!?  Who do you think you're fooling?
And you are a dreamer
America has lost its way, there is no evidence that you and the GOP will handle this matter in a non partisan, and just way.
Very disappointed how is this #MAGA ? Are you appeasing @POTUS at the expense of the American People? Why the special treatment ?
Agreed. We do not trust you or the GOP!!!!!
Why did you change schedule? Your transparent bogus Devin-Nunes style distraction from #kremlinGate? You look like a #PutinPuppet
When will they "appear openly".  Why not now?  Will they be under oath? Why did you agree to this?  It appears you are helping to hide trth
Shame shame shame on you. Your bait & switch to protect Trump & his family will ensure your place in history as an enemy of the US.
Under oath?
