It's clearly all about the politics of fundraising off religious zealots all while u really only stand for corporate welfare
right! Losing patience for our representatives as they only care about the red half of IA no middle road
How about compassion for single mothers with deadbeat dads? For victims of sexual violence? For girls raped by by dad, uncle?
This is not the voice of your constituents. You are promoting your agenda over the people you govern.
I stand with women! Obviously issue not about politics but about compassion for real people.
@GrassleyPress any compassion for children, US citizens stranded at airports because of #MuslimBan ?
How about compassion for babies trying to escape war w/ their families. Stop  anti-human immigration policy
Be a Christian and stand up for all lives including Syrian refugees.
wait you are turning down federal funding for women's health clinics so political it is. Selling out Iowa to highest bidder
@GrassleyPress How about life once born? Your support of the #MuslimBan isn't pro-life. As a Christian, you're a hypocrite.
what systems/resources do you have in place to successfully support babies/kids who end up in foster care? @TogetherWeRise
what about compassion for those born in foreign countries who seek refuge here in the US?
It's all about politics, #liar
We all want fewer abortions.Let's accept the research that tells us how to make that happen.Banning abortions doesn't work.
you can only ban safe abortions but this man has no idea what that means.
Where's your compassion AFTER they are born? {crickets}
what about compassion 4 women?  U are pro baby, not pro life.  Will u support funding for the poor, immigrants,& minorities?
too bad you don't show the same compassion after they're born. 50% of refugees are children #hypocrite
where is your compassion for Syrian babies? Do they matter less than embryos?
@GrassleyPress Chuck you're for forced birth. If someone poor has a baby, to the GOP they're leeches, "suck the gov teet."
yeah but when the issue is ppl who have already been born then "fuck em, time for basketball" right?
Pro-life but opposed to gov programs helping families, women's healthcare, refugees (half are children)? #hypoctrite
How about some compassion for the babies here already? Support WIC, food stamps, ACA, clean drinkable water, education...
Call it what is sir. PRO BIRTH. Your stance and many of your fellow GOPs don't give one care after the baby is born.
sir, Scott county here.  A woman's body is NOT your decision.  You are NOT god
not your choice!
@GrassleyPress And what about the lives of refugees?
IMHO "life issue" is about more than babies. It is about the children I teach.  And their families' $ & healthcare struggles.
I sincerely hope your pro-life stance extends to refugees.  #NoBanNoWall #RefugeesWelcome
what about the babies we're shutting out of our #NationOfImmigrants today?! #NoBanNoWall #silenceiscowardice
Then why do you cut benefits to them once they are born?
What about after they are born. With cuts to healthcare and school funding?
@GrassleyPress That's what I've heard so called pro life people say.It seems the GOP feels that way too. You give to the rich
What about children after they are born? They have just as much of a right to life as the fetuses
so then the fact that abortions have declined under the ACA should be reason to support it
what about Syrian babies? answer your phone.
what about the Iowans who are pro choice? Doesn't mean we're pro abortion. Just means it's none of our business!
so what about the life of the mothers? All this talk about a fetus being a life doesnt make sense. Mothers lives dont matter?
But no compassion for the mothers? Support Planned Parenthood! Support refugees! Support ACA! #dumptrump
No it's about politics.
It would be nice if Iowa politicians cared about all the lives on the line if ACA is repealed.
But once they're born compassion goes out the window. Fuck 'em right Chuck?
How about some compassion for those born?  Needy, kids, retired!
wish you providers would care for the already born kids. Hypocrites
.@ChuckGrassley but once they are born,  they are on their own,  right?
So this baby doesn't matter because he was born? #RefugeesWelcome
There is no compassion in blocking a woman's access to a safe abortion.
then why do they try to legislate it if not political?
bills will not stop abortion. Millions will die anyway. Birth control is key to stop abortion
Was that after your nap?
No one BELIEVES in abortion. But my uterus doesn't belong to you. GOP theology...once born...let them rot in hell!
what are you doing to help babies already born? Pro-life doesn't stop at birth. Seriously what have you done for those born?
what about my kid with special needs? #alreadyborn
.@ChuckGrassley interesting how you claim to be pro life but can't wait to vote away healthcare from millions of people
what about the babies who are already born? Babies abroard? What about compassion for women capable of carrying those babies?
what about the babies that are already born? Access to good healthcare and a good education should be standard.
turning away refugees is not pro-life
then reduce abortion rates by continuing to fund Planned Parenthood.
if you were truly pro-life you'd also support or even work to expand the ACA and support refugees.
just not once there born and need assistance like food and education. #hypocrisy
Where is the compassion for women?
this is boringg, please tweet about pawn stars more, thanks
what abt compassion 4 women who must make difficult choices? What abt women cut off from birth control due to patriarchy?
Are you going to support health care for these babies after they are born? Or it's okay if they die later?
ah that must be why GOP wants to defund Planned Parenthood, limiting access to contraceptives and leading to more abortions
It's a shame the GOP doesn't care about them after they are born.
Then why make bc harder to get/ more expensive? Also, they're not babies. A step up from sperm.
then u abandon their healthcare, cut their ability to get food stamps and institutionalize them in foster care. Compassion?!!
And keep cutting their education funding.
lol get ur act together #shame on you
you can't be pro-life and anti-immigrant Chuck. Stop playing politics and work to save some lives.
Which is exactly why you need to repeal ACA now so those unborn babies have a shot at being born without insurance!
Your scorched earth policies denying funds/access to women's family planning is proven to increase abortion rates.

what about compassion for refugees, @ChuckGrassley? they feel pain. They deserve more compassion than fetuses do. #MarchForLife #MuslimBan
Far be it for you to engage in politics
