Someone who assumes common folk cant be intellectuals?   tRump enablers are willfully ignorant.  this
quote should bring u no comfort in not doing the right thing while he hurts ppl.
no one?
At this point I think lack of intelligence is way too prevalent in Washington
You?
an idiot?
You really think that interest in knowledge is = to being an elitist? More than the uber-rich hiding out in their compounds?
someone who probably would look down on blind support of a would be facist?
To make a comment like this to "common folk" like us who work our asses off to get a higher education is a disgrace. 5/
what are you talking about?
PhD candidate would most likely fall in to category of intellectual. No?
.@ChuckGrassley And you? a career pol. with a new worth in the millions. You couldn't tell a common man from @SteveKingIA's a-hole #buttlick
.@ChuckGrassley Q: Who said "80+ year old dimwitted dickheads should retire?" A: Anyone reading your twitter feed
You're talkin smack about Trump's kids, now?
She attended a great public school here, graduated then went to ISU where she graduated in 3 years. 2/
DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT!
Stalin?
I came to IA in 1988, stayed after divorce so my daughter would be raised in a state that valued education. 1/
There are a lot of popular sayings that were said by idiots.
Someone with no education.
What the fu*k is wrong with your head?
My daughter and her husband run a large farming operation in IA. Both ISU grads and both highly value education.  4/
well that is one thing you can't be accused of.
being an intellectual or a common person so I guess that makes two things
I worked as a single parent and didn't finish my Bachelor's degree until I was 39. Education was always a priority. 3/
why would you ever say something like that?
Has anyone even answered the question? It's an interesting quote; I don't remember hearing it before.
did you mean to type that into Google? You typed it into Twitter.

Um, I believe Eric Hoffer was referring to people like you Mr. Grassley when he wrote "The True Believer."
Dowager Lady Grantham of Downton Abbey?
whoever said that was a bit of an asshole. From "intellectuals" to "common folk" - you are supposed to represent all Iowans
Somebody who was wrong. I'm a common/intellectual (professor) struggling under student loan debt and childcare costs!
I dunno...some Repub trying to fool the common folk into thinking he's on their side but votes against them at every turn?
I don't understand.  Who is the intellectual and who is the common folk?  Can't they be the same?
I don't think the GOP anti-intellectual movement is going so well for you. For instance, ya'll think Paul Ryan is smart, lol.
http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2017/03/25/don-t-forget-trump-s-biggest-problem-is-still-russia.html?via=desktop&source=twitter … When will you show the patriotism of your youth and STAND UP FOR AMERICA!
"Scratch a Republican and u find a would be aristocrat who loathes the people he's supposed to represent." #iowa
Gee Chuck, who were the intellectuals who developed the treatment to cure your wife's cancer?  Not common, but nicer than you
doesn't iowa's state quarter tout the value of education?
This is SO insulting. What is wrong with being educated??? Glad I voted against you!
Donald 'the aristocrat' Trump.
... They know that no one can be honorable unless he honors mankind"
I take it you are not overburdened with an abundance of education.
The same person who wrote: "There are, of course, rare leaders such as Lincoln, Gandhi, even F.D.R., Churchill, and Nehru...
oh please!  I assume you have no use for intellect then?
, oh you silly man, your 7-yr #betterway AHCA was great for the "common folk", wasn't it? Budget and tax cuts more evidence.
Who said, 'All conservatives are not stupid, but almost all stupid people are conservatives?'
you're not one of the common folk, Chuck, you've been in Congress for 30 years. Too old for make-believe.
some on staff or family might want to check in on the senator?
are you ok? Seriously are you alright?
only a stupid insecure person would say something like this.
Who said "Scratch and anti-intellectual, find a know-nothing bigot ill-equipped to deal with life's complexities"?
I love how most of the replies to this tweet prove that quote.
Ignorance is not bliss. Willful ignorance will be the death of our nation. You wouldn't know common folk if you tried.
Its been some time since you were in touch with common folk but nobody will accuse you of being intellectual.
who said scratch a cabinet member (approved by you) and you find corrupt aristocrat using the common people
Hoeffer. But what happens when you scratch a 38 yr Washington Insider who quotes a NY intellectual? Do you find an Iowan?
Who tweets obscure quotes instead of working for his Iowa constituents? Following in the footsteps of your role model Trump?
party over country and state? Where have your Iowa values gone?
wtf Chuck? I thought we knew each other better than this
it was Eric Hoffer in The True Believer
Yep.  Chuck has the C student vote wrapped up.
Try scratching one of the people you met with at Trump Tower. Were they common folk?
Oh please. You are neither intellectual nor 'common folk,' but a Beltway aristocrat since I was in grade school (I'm over 40)
Uh, you?
what are you talking about?
H-1B visa is a fraud and seriously needs attention. Killed way 2 many jobs
I think my uncle Dave said it 5 seconds before passing out drunk and falling into a campfire.
Crooked Hillary said it when talking about herself and her ilk of Political Establishment Elitists. Or was it Paul Ryan? Hmm.
Hayden Fry?
WTF is wrong with you?
.@ChuckGrassley @RWwatchMA No one.
you've been fair and even-handed in running @senjudiciary hearings for Neil Gorsuch. #iapolitics
Aristocrat LOL.  

Corporate and Wall Street oligarchs and plutocrats own our politicians, not academics. #iapolitics
Who said"Scratch an intellectual and u find a would be aristocrat who loathes the sight,the sound and the smell of the common folk"?
you're a millionaire senator. You are not the common person
"Common folk" can be intellectual too. It's not a crime, actually it's an attribute.
Well, then you must be an intellectual because you seem to loathe the common folk and you're ruining the state I was proud of
...anti intellectual? you have gone over the edge #MerrickGarland
Chuck Grassley ==> the Next Thurgood Marshall
someone who hates books but loves money.
many of us intellectuals are pretty darn common. I was raised on a farm and I love to learn. Why do you say mean things???
said by someone who did not finish his doctorate
find this intellectual in any corner bar and say that
Yeah.  We need more dummies...
Who believes humans have no intrinsic value? "Value"based on wealth instead. Answer: Robert Mercer  Trump connection is......
bullshit, sir. abject bullshit.
.@ChuckGrassley Americans of all professions create business, infrastructure, defense, good programs, art & innovations. Have some respect.
That would be you in the GOP whose primary goal is tax cuts for the already-rich.
"Scratch an #AngryCupcake and u find a would be #racist who loathes the sight,the sound and smell of their own #WhiteTrash"
What happens when you scratch a 57 year politician, @ChuckGrassley?
#Hitler?
Attempting to wax intellectual at this point is not becoming. Man up and recognize healthcare as a right. #TrumpRussia
Maybe you should stay home and help out that clown guy you have in IA. How much is the Iowa Project in the red? $450M+ No more advice plz!
When did it become cool to be ignorant?
I'm no man. But I matter. Your letter kind. But also Linda lame. I knew I needed a lawyer. It was about lies and deceit.
about a company out to destroy a commoner.
Would looking it up on your own seem too much like giving in to intellectual elitism?
The same man who said "It is probably true that business corrupts everything it touches."
you? Or scratch an intellectual, find someone who knows the meaning of compassion, ethics, integrity, values God's gift?
Scratch one populist..
@kellyannepolls @potus @vp @presssec @SpeakerRyan @DevinNunes #Bannon: "COME OUT WITH YOUR HANDS UP!" #PreviewOfComingAttractions 
You
Merrick Garland?
#GOP and your anti-intellectualism is why the country now has a president with the emotional maturity of an 8 year old.
You, sir, are no patriot. Education & self-betterment are cornerstones of American dream. What kind of America do u support?
Really? Ur suggesting being educated is a bad thing? What a message, Senator. & certainly not in line with the American dream
Hum, you do know Thom. Jefferson, Ben Franklin, Geo. Washington et al were seen as "intellectuals" right? U r a fool Grassley
Please don't demean educated people. Despots often first go after intellectuals. To encourage that is beneath you.
"A country that eulogizes the common man will have no men who are anything more than common"
What?
I'd prefer an intellectual to a man who does such horrible things against his country in the name of his party.
"It is doubtful if the oppressed ever fight for freedom. They fight for pride and power — power to oppress others."
I doubt he ever took lobbyists money for votes, though. He was a longshoreman until he retired. You mow the lawn.
Don't forget, he also knows the location of every Dairy Queen in Iowa. That's very important!
Well it certainly wasn't Donald Trump. There are too many multisyllabic words in there for him.
Eric Hoffer, ironically, who wrote "The True Believer" about the rise of Hitler, Stalin and Trump.
Someone who never met a blue collar academic like me? What a foolish generalization about people who learn and study.
Was it this guy?
same guy who said, “Rudeness is the weak man's imitation of strength.”
I'm sure it was said by a Republican at the Union League. It's college jabber by rich legacy kids who had help w homework
did your aristocratic elitist self ever learn how to use an ATM?
what's the term for dumbasses that hate poor people?
A genius!
I feel Sad for the Country because of what You & the Republicans are doing Your Way or the Highway! No Working with the Dems
Senator This has to be one of the most profound quotes for the times I have heard
cc: @EveryoneIsDril
The line at Dairy Queen must have been tremendously long if this is what he's tweeting.
I could really use a Heather bar blizzard,  come to think of it.
Heather's not that kind of girl.
First, sign in to AOL...
You have undergraduate & graduate degrees, & you spent your career making policy. You should be encouraging public thought.
remember, he's just a small town Iowa farmer. Ignore his last 30 years in Washington.
i too loathe and fear education
Chuck, please don't say dumb things on Twitter. Iowa is not as silly as you are.
He's wearing tweed, isn't he?
ooh, up to 15 likes.
What a stupid thing to say. Intell'als aren't money-crazed like the average GOPr. The joy of using one's mind=its own reqard
But to your point: do intell'als look down on the aggressively stupid?  Yes, they most certainly do.
Anti-Intellectualism is actually harming this country and it's security.
Too many people wearing ignorance as badge of honor and now we have Betsy DeVos.
anyone whose met Newt Gingrich?
The way to show love for the common folk is to support a huge tax break for millionaires.
if you really wanted to find someone like that you could just look at your donor list
Another self-righteous aristocrat who pretends to sympathize with the common man in order to fleece him?
A liar who never read anything, nor met the bookish guy who lives in the library, weekends but does plumbing during the week.
@ealight461 It should read "scratch a Republican".
Stalin
So having an intellect is wrong to you? That explains all the really bad policies you support that hurt the common folk.
hey man stop scratching me
You are anti-intelligence now?
Well you have to admit, the smell is pretty bad! Keep on Chuckin’!
You clearly aren't intellectual enough to look things up so... maybe don't hate on experts. #failedbigly
Hoffer. Re-reading "The True Believer"?
are we playing trivia? Cool. Here, hold my beer.
Have you Seen the legislation coming out of @GOP states like IA?! To say that you guys don't hate the poor is a bad joke.
@SpeakerRyan Same guy who said "There is no loneliness greater than the loneliness of a failure" - Eric Hoffer
Yeah, because nothing spells 'loser' like having an education. 
an idiot?
.@ChuckGrassley Unfortunately, that sounds much like most of the GOP these days. Run by special interest & wealthy donors. @GOP
Your president charges the people half a million dollars a day so his wife can live in a gold skyscraper.
who is Eric Hoffer. Next.
what.. .? You make that stuff up?
Are you trying to say that millionaire business men like you or Trump are not aristocrats that hate the poor? Seriously?
the anti-intellect trends of this country need no encouragement. We've too much Honey BooBoo & the like. #bringbackthesmarts
you just did
I loathe the sight, sound, and presumably the smell of Chuck Grassley
Eric Hoffer
Tupac.
so good!
.@ChuckGrassley @All100Senators anyone describing you?
You just did.
Merrick Garland?
dude you gotta stop scratching @SpeakerRyan
Nobody would confuse @SpeakerRyan with "an intellectual".
lil b
well, it wasn't Snooop Dog. He reads Spinoza.
