Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland #wewontforget
When history looks back at what you did to #MerrickGarland & invoking the nuclear option, the verdict on you will be #SHAME. #ChuckSucks
.@ChuckGrassley Says you. Americans disagree, sir.
Merritt Garland?  Anything come to mind, Gramps?  You damn hypocrite.
neither party covered themselves with glory on this one.
Gee, how qualified was Garland? Proud of ruining the traditions of the Senate?
Like the ridiculous GOP to obstruction. Green Eggs and Ham - remember? Tit-for-tat
You're actually kidding, right? Is it more or less ridiculous than you refusing to give Garland a hearing?
Oh Chuck, about as ridiculous as you personally not alllwing Obamas nomination out of the committee you chair. #GOPTruth
Like Merrick Garland? You are a traitor to Iowans and our country. U must resign when trump is impeached
Speaking of ridiculous...This is a stolen SCOTUS seat.  Merrick Garland should have had a hearing.  History will not be kind.
What's ridiculous is the way you treated Merrick Garland.
How qualified was Merrill Garland?
Shall we talk about your ridiculous behavior this past year?  #GarlandNotGorsuch
Does the name, Merrick Garland, mean anything to you?
Garland never had a chance because of obstruction
I used to respect you. What happened to you?
REALLY, Chuck????????  Where do you get the balls after ignoring hearings for Merrick Garland. I hope to hell that this is your final term.
do they move the same way trump did making fun of disabled reporter?  will you mimic?  could be fun to watch.
No chuck the GOP is ridiculous
you seemed ok with it when it was Merrick Garland. What changed from last year to now?
Garland had a hearing on November 9th, he lost.
They remind me of brats who didn't get their way so, they're throwing a huge tantrum. Time to give them a permanent time out!
@chuckgrassley is nothing more than a puppet for the far right.  #puppetgrassley
Pull something else: #headfromass
With all due respect, your actions last year blocking a Garland hearing, a hearing, were more than ridiculous.
garland tho
Rmember when you considered 7 years of competent presidency to be a disqualification for appointment? But I guess Russian collusion is fine.
You are a hypocrite of epic proportions, second only to Mitch McConnell.  Partisan hacks killing our democracy.  You should be ashamed.
You are a hypocrite.  You need to retire.  You no longer represent Iowans.  You have chosen party over Country
if he can't get 60 votes he's not qualified. Don't change the rules change the nominee
They couldn't get the votes so they changed the rules. Dangerous precident!
Do you think our memory is that short? Enjoy your constituent interactions during the upcoming recess.
Hypocrite.  You did the same to Garland.  I'm ashamed to have once considered you a man of character and morals.  You sold us out.
If you were the truck driver, in Iowa, in sub-zero weather, what would you have done? Seriously, you think Gorsich cares about truckers?
Your hypocrisy know no limits!
You just destroyed the 200 year constitution rule for any hope of compromising on a Supreme Court nomination ... how drastic
Merrick. Garland.
screw you and your outrage. what about merrick garland's qualifications for scotus? #shame
Said the sell-out from Richmond VA. Sold your soul for a few more years. U used to make sense sometimes. I used to vote for you. #nevermore
Go home! Retire! You stopped caring about Iowans.
@ChuckGrassley you would be the expert on ridiculous moves considering scotus @PatGrassley does the apple fall far from the tree? #doyourjob
GOP lost the popular vote in the presidential election before Scalia died AND after he died, but still got to name his replacement.
As my mom woulda said, uffda. He has no shame, does he?
Such a hypocrite.  Garland was just as qualified.  So biased.  So partisan. So unfair of you.
Oh. My. God. Are you f'ing kidding me? You say this after 2016?? If you run for re-election, it will be my honor to work to unseat you!
Make sure you mention how you didn't hold a hearing for Garland.
And I'm doing all I can to make sure you don't get re-elected...!!
MERRICK GARLAND
What's ridiculous is how out of touch you are with bipartisan politics. Please retire so we can elect someone more moderate.
PLEASE LEAVE MY STATE. You are so out of touch with your constituents!
MERRICK  GARLAND 
#MerrickGarland
Republicans blocked Obama's pick and now go nuclear to get their way. The GOP is a bunch of whiny toddlers and a disgrace.
Bruce Braley was right.
2016 Chuck 2016. Should have at least voted to fill then.
TBF: It was ridiculous for GOP to oppose Pres. Obamas nomination for almost a year. You get out what you put in.
You used to have a shred of integrity
#MerrickGarland
No, it isn't. Merrick Garland was eminently more qualified and you know it.
Sorry Chuck. This is a very tough sell...not buying it. Garland was as qualified as Gorsuch. Y'all will get yours...eventually.
This has been apparent since TED KENNEDY Days. I recommend we end the requirement altogether. Let the president appoint like we do in Iowa.
wouldn't have been a filibuster if you had merely MET with Garland. Did NOT do your duty then....don't blame others for your partisanship!!!
I am an Iowa voter who has sent you numerous messages praising you for your wise and consistent leadership. Court consent has broken down
Good ol' boy Chuck.  Party before anything else, right?  Garland deserved a hearing and you know it - this is wrong!!
Hey Chuck-- Merrick Garland was just as qualified and you did nothing but obstruct POTUS. Now you support this orange dope???
assume democracy dead
only as ridiculous as reps who would not hear equally qualified Garland.
Not half as ridiculous as the notion that a president can't nominate a justice in an election year.
We will make a difference in 2018!
#resist
Aren't you happy 62 mil Americans are uninformed enough for you to cry foul about something you did just a year earlier? #IowaCanDoBetter
ARE. YOU. KIDDING CHUCK?!?
Chuck, is English your mother tongue?  And did you ever take a class in logic?
What is wrong with you???  Hypocrisy.  #notmyiowa
You are a traitor to our country and you have put party above country. Your descendents will be ashamed of you for years to come.
U sir r a hypocrite what u did to #Garland is unconstitutional  U fought 2 block any nom from Obama just bc he was a dem & sadly a black man
Can you say Merrick Garland...this Iowan says...you should have done your job last year
You wouldn't even give #Garland the floor. You're ridiculous and I can't wait to vote you out. #iowan
#StolenSeat
You're a hypocrite. I used to have a lot of respect for you. I'm sad, ashamed, and outraged that you represent Iowa.
Hypocrite!!
You All replying negatively to Mr Grassley should just go back and listen to mr Vice President Biden. Absolutely no different!
Good for you.
Why can't you lead by example and put partisanship aside and do the right thing? Changing Senate rules to get what you want is unacceptable.
Garland
Hypocrisy at it's finest. Steal a SCOTUS seat and get mad at Dems because they're not complicit in @GOP theft.
As your constituent I'm appalled by vote http://today.You 've lost my vote over supreme court antics. I campaigned for you before.
@GOP can't win anything without cheating..elections, gerrymandering, voter suppression, pushing through a SCOTUS when they can't get theirwa
don't forget to mention the precedent you and your buddies set in 2016 for Garland, you hypocrite
@POTUS @SenTedCruz @senMikeLee @SenatorBurr FIRE @CIA @FBI @NSA Not cooperating with #Leaks #Rice Time to do away with Public Sector Unions!
Merrick Garland.
You’re disgusting.
Oh, like how he plagiarized? You tarnished your legacy beyond repair. People will only see the distraction you helped bring. Shameful.
And you, sir, along with Mitch are the exact reason for the ridiculous. You failed your oath to uphold the Constitution last year.
I guess a filibuster by any other name would sound sweeter.  You don't deserve your job, and your country deserves more. #MerrickGarland
Except that he's a fraud/liar and plagerized.  Unethical!
Please let them know that you are speaking only for yourself and not for the Iowans that wanted you to uphold your constitutional oath!
History will judge you Chuck regarding your role in this travesty. It won't be kind to you.
Will you be addressing your "ridiculous" and unconstitutional actions against Garland? Mmm, yeah probably not.
lol
What is even more ridiculous? Changing senate rules to get your way after screwing over Garland. DON'T CHANGE THE RULES.
@SenateDems Old man Chuck GOP has decided to change our democracy. Price to pay for this and WE THE PEOPLE WILL MAKE SURE YOU PAY FOR THIS!
What about Merrick Garland's qualifications? Is filibustering more ridiculous than refusing to allow the nomination to come up at all?
Sir, divergent voices should be heard in a free country and by suppressing them you threaten our future, especially with a lifetime appt.
Hypocritical bullshit
Very hypocritical statement and you know it, Senator. We aren't dumb. Signed, an indep Iowa voter.
Certainly not as ridiculous as you denying a vote to Merrill Garland. Don't open yourself up to criticism
You stole Merrick Garland's seat, and have the audacity to blame this on Dems!! You are ridiculous!! You are a shame to Iowa and the US!
Seriously you don't have a leg to stand on. You should be speaking abt how ridiculous your move was to block Garland for a YEAR

What you did to Judge Garland was ridiculous. You stole his seat.
without regard to party - and I am with dems - very sad day for America. Work together for all of us please.
I can only hope he gets blocked forever. You stole Obama's pick.
Now dems are ridiculous?  Name calling hasn't gotten trump anywhere and it won't help you.
Dude were you dropped as a child
World-class #Hypocrite 
#DoYourJob or #resign
#NoProbeNoRobe. Let's wait until Trump's regime is cleared of Russian tie and ethics violations before we deal w/SCOTUS.
They learned it from watching you!
You are my senator and yet refused to allow Merrick garland  an hearing and claim Dems are partisan
have some integrity chuck, fair play for garland
It's time you uphold the constitution or you will be voted out!
As an Iowan, I am embarrassed by your hypocrisy.
I have a feeling your constituents will remember your hypocrisy and you'll be out of your seat next election
#Garland tho
How about Merrick Garland, Sir? Before you start throwing "ridiculous" rocks.
ur a scrotus
could you at least acknowledge your hypocrisy one time?
Merrick Garland
#NoNuclearOption.  Our democracy is in jeopardy. You deny 1 SC nominee a hearing and now change standards to get another confirmed  shameful
Holy cognitive dissonance Batman...
Not nearly as ridiculous as the "nuke" option.   Nominate someone who doesn't plagiarize...someone not bought by dark money & is 4 People
No respect for hypocritical lying corrupt Republicans. Especially you embarrassing Iowa. Time to retire!
Sure just you did for over a year! What a hypocrite!!!
Resign.  You have embarrassed yourself and, more importantly, Iowa.
I feel like Garland would have words about this.
Your lack of integrity is appalling. Partisan politics unconscionable. Prez lies & you refuse 2 enforce accountability.
what abt merrick chuck, btw upper Iowa women's basketball had an incredible season
Merrick garland was  first step in delegitimization of our democracy.  Congrats for ruining country. should we follow illegitimate court?
Wow! Pot? Kettle? This has to be the most ridiculous thing you have ever said, second only to saying you wouldn't hold hearings for Garland.
And what was wrong with The Qualifications of The Man Obama wanted??
Garland
Does the name Merick Garland ring any 's??? #hypocrite
That are a permanent minority party now. Ignore  them.
very sad
Just like Merrick Garland was qualified, right?
Listen. I agree its bananas, but so was refusing to even consider Garland. Any attempt to move forward has to acknowledge that
Your apparent unawareness of your hypocrisy is overwhelmingly astounding. What were you thinking when you refused to give Garland a hearing?
Do you know who would have made a great SCOTUS justice if only he was given a hearing? Merrick Garland.
How many times did the GOP utilize filibuster in the last 8 years? How long did u block Garland? You sir, are a hypocrite! #notiowanicechuck
When will you speak about how ridiculous the GOP was to not hold hearings for Merrick Garland considering HIS outstanding qualifications?
No vote until full investigation of Trump/Russia ties. This is a compromised Administration. EVERY Presidential action should be put on hold
No SCOTUS until Russia investigation concluded.
#JusticeGarland
Seems like a really popular move...be sure to give our regards to the Kochs and Mercers.
so Merrick Garland was not qualified and that's why you didn't speak out? Strange, I thought it was a political decision.
ah cool. Will it be just like the one you gave concerning GOP blocking Garland despite his qualifications? Oh wait...
perhaps you haven't heard that #Gorsuch is an #extreme #plagiarist & that his decision was just struck down UNANIMOUSLY
U be a crazy old man. #GarlandNotGorsuch
And yet you disregarded all procedures a year ago.  What a hypocrite you are!
I think we need to look further into this plagiarism allegation before we rush into any irrevocable decisions. #GorsuchPlagiarism
we will be here remembering 8 yrs of YOU doing nothing & Garland Merrick,which u too did nothing about, all u do is waste time, go grow corn
I assume you can use the same speech you made in favor of Merrick Garland...oh wait.  #Hypocrite
How about how ridiculous it was to NOT even hold a hearing on Merick? #POTUS/RussiaInvestigation. #DidntDoYourJob
Not ridiculous at all.  Change the nominee not the number of votes
Time for the Nuclear Option!
As a Davenport constituent, I disagree. Gorsuch does not have "outstanding qualifications." We deserve better.
Just as ridiculous as not giving Garland a hearing!  When are you guys going to wise up and put country before party?
Gorsuch is lacking in the empathy required of even his current position. He has ignored the spirit of the law to blindly follow the letter.
How ridiculous were the republicans not to give Merrick Garland a hearing. Your party are hypocrites!!!
I’m sure that speech will be after you apologize for not considering Merrick Garland.
No sir. He is not. Also, no hurry. See, Garland, Merrick.
Merrick Garland
Save your sanctimonious bs. You denied Merrick Garland his Constitutional right to a hearing & this ploy is nothing more than a power grab.
You do remember #MerrickGarland, right?  Your hypocrisy is ridiculous. #StopGorsuch
any nomination given by a president under investigation should not be accepted! Shame on GOP for endorsing him and Trump
