Sen.  your comments are spot on, the WH briefings are an important part of our democracy!
"Even We in Senate follow those briefings"  Exactly any action to hamstring America's biggest problem--Congress--would go along way to drain

This isn’t remotely like Watergate. During Watergate, Congress cared whether laws had been broken.
It's extreme dereliction of duty Senator to not seek the truth w/regards to #TrumpRussiaInvestigation Have some honor & respect 4 democracy.
President Trump suggested using a different technique like having press write down their questions then get bac a written response instead
Will the GOP stand up and become checks and balances needed as the WH is fallong apart!?
" but we will never go against you because Russia has us all by the nuts".
Grassley must be absolutely terrified by what's in those RNC emails Putin holds! He sure acts subservient to Putin like a lap dog.
They all do. Missing in action: republican patriots.
We don't get r questions asked. All they play are got cha games 4 their  tv ratings.It's getting tiring & the networks make tons of $$. DROP
WH briefiings are Dem op to berate, insult, Trump, his ppl at will without punishing bc they're "journalists doing their job"! U stop them?
So DO something!  Trump is not emperor or dictator. Congress needs to school Trump on that fact. #SpecialProsecutor
Meaningless tweet. You've already rolled over like a good puppy for Donald.
Because the @WHpressbriefing is so full of the truth? Wow!!! Losing our faith in you every minute, Chuck!!! #IAGov #GOPcomplicit
We agree with you - @LillyMinietta
Wish you were the actual White House Press Corp agreeing with me, but I'll take it! 
@LillyMinietta LOL - maybe some @POTUS supporters will get all upset! (too many think I'm actually the @WhiteHouse )
Well since you're real. Go fire Spicey! And go release the tapes! 
Going to bust into the briefing room right now - "You're Fired!" - actually that's how @POTUS should do it! haha
Go do it!! You'd be an American hero. Could you imagine?
You created and supported this monster. You'll end up behind bars with the rest of the obstructionists. History will remember you for this.
Finally, Senator Grassley steps up...thank you
Don't let this joke go any longer! He hasn't a freaking clue of what he needs to do! And doesn't care about it. He's screwing our country!
#DoYouJob and stand up for #America!
#IndependentInvestigation
#SpecialProsecutor
#MoneyLaundering
#TrumpRussia
Wrong? That's the understatement of the century. It's time for you and your colleagues to grow up, and stand up for democracy.
please ... the century?  A biased liberal view, Sabin exaggerating. Real journalist reports both sides, incl conservative.
You've assured @Potus #TrumpRussia investigation is a #hoax (@PressSec)? You're in the MIDDLE of an investigation & you've made a decision?
why? Nothing is ever said. Press secretary does nothing but lie.
Keep speaking.
Do you even remember why you ran for public office?
But he said YOU told him he wasn't under investigation #RussiaGate Are YOU in the business of breaking laws to protect criminals now?
Upside to no WH briefings would be fewer lies to public. Getting info from Trump better than Spicer bending reality to make sense of Trump.
Really?  They say lies and distortions!  Why is that ok with you?    Where are your Iowa Values?
Now Sater in LATIMES story is out. HOW LONG will you and McConnell's Complicit Congress COVER?
Ah, suck it up and move on? Funny (not funny) how selective and small your outrage runs
WHEN DID THE STATESMAN TURN INTO THE DEMAGOGUE'S LAPDOGZOMBIE ????
Before he passed, Art Neu told me he didn't even recognize his party anymore. I remember when Dems & Reps worked for the good of Iowa.
Please TRY AND BE AMERICAN AND DO YOUR OATH.The GOP has made Trump a Dictator by covering up The Russian Scandal.please do your Job, Justice
I agree, but you need to go further. This distraction must end...investigate to get to the bottom. Our government needs leaders.
Maybe before but press briefings or just hit jobs.
Open your eyes, there's a lot more wrong and you need to FIX IT! Support this man and go down with him. GOP is circling the drain.
Appreciate your work & all  you have done but disagree 100% re: these sham "press briefinggs".Doubt Senate wld stand for same treatment.
Would you let us know if Trump is indeed under investigation for collusion with Russia? Isn't it time for a yes or no & get onto business.
Simply because the Senate follows those briefings is hardly a good reason to keep up these daily, insulting, arguments  by the media.
Why let the media use press sec as a piñata? Outrageous abuse. How long would you  endure this aggression? I'd doubt for long.
Spicer says you revealed information.
"It’s been reaffirmed by several people, including Sen. Grassley and others who have spoke to him.”
You'd miss interesting information like learning that YOU told trump information about the #TrumpRussiaCoverUp  
Are you #COMPLICIT?
Maybe stop watching TV and do your job mmkay
It's time for Congress to force a special prosecutor
Guarding the rule of law against encroachments from Trump should be ur highest priority
So you know the lies @realDonaldTrump tells everyday & that's okay with U And @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @HouseGOP and all you goons?
@ChuckGrassley, if you new how to send a tweet, perhaps Trump might get it. You address it by using @POTUS NOT # potus.Maybe now he'll see u
If you really care you will impeach the person living in the WH!
Really!  No wonder you are all screwed up. I didn't think anyone could follow those
 #PressBriefing s
How many millions have they made since being in office!? Feinstein , pelosi, Waters ? They work for themselves not the people / crooked !
How bout we look into how Feinstein , pelosi n Maxine waters have used their position to get family real estate deals n make up positions?!
Double standard hypocrisy n u guys don't call them out like Schumer saying Comey isn't trust worthy yet  now he is  crying Comey is fired
Those clowns never acted like that with obama because they knew they could be murdered like Andrew Breitbart who took down ACORN n spied on
I hope he gets rid of press briefing those clowns sitting there acting like their doing their job n it's disgusting to see how they act !
U forget 64 million of us voted for trump all American no illegals voted for trump u seem to forget we spoke loud and clear! #DrainSwamp
Russian crap was Hillary's doing can't get over her big humiliating loss and Trump made all clowns in news media eat crow 
So sick that none have the gonads to stand up to the most crooked politicians , Feinstein , pelosi , Schumer , waters it's done trump won
U need to show evidence of trump n Russia collusion its been more than 6 months u guys have nada.. if u had evidence it would of been out !
Be open minded with different formats.
Then you must know what a liar @POTUS and his flunkies are. No real information in those briefings.
Not hyperbole to say given @potus and US AG actions, it is up to you to restore public's trust in DOJ and @fbi.
He does something crazy pretty much every day. I am wondering how bad it has to be before actions are taken. He needs to be impeached!!
I can agree with you on this.
Wish Chuck would let us know why he does not support the appointment of an independent prosecutor
That is exactly what a dictator does
Donald Trump does not have the temperament or mental capability to lead this country. He needs to be removed from office.
Why are you not investigating Podesta and Mook. They are the ones that made up the Russia story. Make them show you the evidence.
Following is one thing, taking action against high crimes and misdemeanors is another. GET TO WORK, PAY ATTENTION
Is this your idea of courage as you actively help him to OBSTRUCT JUSTICE?   Refusing to allow an
INDEPENDENT investigation is destroying our democracy.   You are a disgrace to Iowa and might as well
have been giggling about treason and big oil deals w those Russians in the Oval Office this week.
Why, to learn how to lie more ineptly?
So you know what the lie du jour is? Press briefings just confirm the chaos, deception, & blatant lies of Pres. Asterisk & his ilk.
You are truly a sick, demented person to harp on this when you have a madman stealing our country away from us! #TrumpRussiaCollusion
called it SIGNIFICANT. Maybe you should take it seriously or are you avoiding it. Hmmm
Did you tell POTUS collusion was a hoax?  You certainly aren't taking the Russian Investigation seriously, although FBI
Liberals are brainwashed by MSM , see russians under their beds , mentally disturbed people only fuelling  their paranoia !
Are You in collusion w/Trump+Russia? In Court of Public Opinion it appears You care more about Loyalty to Trump & party than our Democracy.
WH briefings should stop ! Reporters are rude , arrogant,insulting and never ask questions on the issues that affect everyday Americans !
Sir why are you not being more vocal on this unraveling disaster? PLEASE remove your blinders and save our democracy!!
This is the first thing I've read on your Twitter feed that makes sense. Now follow through and hold 45 accountable!
Ask him about his remarks in this interview where he said he fired Comey because of the Russia investigation.
Hey Chuck what do the Russians have on you that you don't stand up & do what's right for our Great Nation?
Where's your INTEGRITY-HONOR?
"Suck it up and move on."
How much cash you makin from just one of those Chinese Visas? Why you're ignoring trump's threat to Comey & YOUR lie about meeting w/Comey?
Guess what. It's done differently now. SwampGrassley

See what happens when you carry the water for this man? They aren't your friend, they are enemies of America:
Oh what a tangled web: Grassley disputes Spicer claim he told Trump Russia-Trump collusion charge was a "hoax" https://www.yahoo.com/news/told-trump-clear-not-us-key-senators-say-202928995.html?soc_src=mail&soc_trk=ma …
Why do you follow if the reports are always inaccurate?   Maybe you should do something about this administration who lies!
Wrong is the word you came up with? Senator, Trump is marching into dictatorship. Do something!
It sure would help, though, if your briefers told the TRUTH. We like the truth, out here in Iowa.
job with CNN last year too?  Her daughter is a lawyer from Chicago; never did reporting and is now covering the DOJ and Sessions! Conspiracy
I have saved articles on all this. Makes perfect sense; ;all fits. I have a completed puzzle. Did you know Jarrett got her daughter a .....
They actually are giving classes to these people how to act, what to say, what to do... making signs, etc.  It's UnAmerican... Treasonous!
Obama has joined forces with Soros, Holder, hired Donna  Brazile. All against you and Trump. GOP Townhalls are a disaster because of him.
house with them? Who does that? She's there heading the movement against Trump & GOP. Who do you think is setting up your Townhalls?
That also means Jarrett knew.  She knew all. Obama made NO moves without her. Why do you think Jarrett has moved INTO the Obama's ....
protect Hillary and she made sure that the investigation didn't go too far with Comey.  He knew. And all this didn't happen without Obama.
Think of your legacy & put country over party #SpecialProsecutor
read said "NO" and threatened them, blackmail. So no arrest was made. In a recent email they found Lynch admitted to doing anything to ....
and Comey. Remember when Weiner's Laptop was taken by NYPD? They went through it and were going to Arrest him and Abedin... DOJ Lynch I ...
We will be cleaning house of the traitors and crooks in2018 and 2020. I don't care if they are replaced by democrats
Hillary.  Obama was it's head. I'm not a Conspiracy person but there are few instances when YOU KNOW it. Obama, Rice, Rhodes, Lynch ....
It's more about the medias disrespect than anything. Not one republics has come out publicly and defended him that's in office.
a Circus! A slap against Americans that follow our laws and Hillary never does. Abedin and Lynch. All involved in the CoverUp to protect ...
Senator; being retired I have researched and followed daily everything happening since Trump's 1st day running. The Hillary case was .....
http://www.westernjournalism.com/former-fbi-assistant-directors-weigh-comeys-firing/ …

I don't believe McCabe saying FBI was all behind Comey. That's not true. Since last June or July, they were VERY UPSET about Hillary case.
There are being outright lies put out by Media. Then truth showing the MEDIA LIED!

back the Taxpayers for the Cost of this!  This sounds right to me.
I've read a few articles earlier about Podesta,  Mook and Hillary making up this Russia story to ruin Trump. If True, they need to pay...
It's not a hoax Chuck! Why would you say that?!? That is obstructing justice!

Senator... please READ these articles.
You can't blame him. Look at what the media does to him. Hate 24.7.  Serves them right.
I am demanding @ChuckGrassley allow for a independent investigation into Trump.  If you don't votes will not go your way next election.
I live in Iowa and have been watching your disgraceful handling of Trump. He is unpresidential and if you continue covering him you're gone.
If you follow WH briefings then you know that we have a serious problem here ... the level of distortions & outright lying is unprecedented!
Finally you say something I can agree with, Senator Grassley
Hopefully, you go down with trump as part of the cover-up. What is wrong with all of you?
Either you will place country over party or you will not. Thus far the GOP looks like craven cowards. Please stand up for the Republic.
Honey, you need to be a LOT more brave than you're being. You already have enough to impeach for obstruction of justice.
He does not care what you say....don't you get that?  He is a one man show and he will do what he wants and the GOP should be #afraid
This tweet doesn't make up for what you're doing to slow and divert attention from the one investigation that can save our nation.
You enabled his authoritarianism and supported his firing of Comey and violation of norms. Stop pretending. GOP puts party over country.
How is this the only thing this week you find objectionable??
Are you serious?  This is all on you Grassley.
Chuck? Seriously? You govern by lies - or you follow for entertainment value?

Wow. You do know how to stand up for right. Do it again on these POTUS.
Looking for a way out Chuck?
Need an independent investigation of trump/Russia now.
What happened to #SuckItUp and #MoveOn?
Face it, Trump won't change; he'll get worse. And there will be a straw that breaks even his supporters backs. Then u and GOP lose Congress.
THAT's the tweet you're worried about? It's bad, of course. But how about the threat to Comey and the "tapes" issue?
Oh look who found their balls
TOTALLY Agree! We need to hear from WH Press Briefings otherwise open and transparent becomes a Closed Dictatorship
Welcome to America the Russian satellite 
What about only Russian press in our WH 
How do you feel about that?
You know we are all watching
this is what you're getting upset about? Your constituents expect you to stand up and demand a special prosecutor!
Pull your soul back from the Russians.  Trump must be impeached and removed.  
Are you no longer an American?

Martin, from Oelwein Iowa

Trump says Sen. Grassley assured him Russia probe is a hoax, according to Spicer.
He said you told him Russia investigation was a hoax. Is this true?
You and the GOP have shown to be all talk when it comes to Trump. You picked party over country.
why don't you speak out against trump personally threatening comey on twitter today?  Show some courage.
If it's just a platform for lies, then maybe they should stop.
This is your leader.  Did you forget how partisan you are?
ever heard of dread game? Works charms on women, keeps her sharp and on her toes.
Senator, you are complicit in this active attack on our Democratic Fundamentals. You will be remembered in history for your inaction.
Understandable, but we need a new crop of reporters. The current ones merely repeat one another's narrative rather than asking real Q's.
Chuck, you little weasel... a "hoax?!?" We see what you're doing  Traitor!
That is a lie, every time I talk to my Rep or Senator they have no idea what is going on.
If this is you "taking a stand" against trump it's not enough. Step up. Put #CountryOverParty or fall with the rest that turn a blind eye
For what possible reason, they ask no real questions?
Trump said that you told him that the Russian investigation was a hoax....really? #Senate  #ThursdayThoughts #TrumpGOP
Don't tweet about it. Independent prosecutor now!
you are complicit!  This craziness is making us look foolish in the world!
but if he stopped them you would say it ok, and you would blame the press
stop enabling a corrupt, mentally-disturbed individual who is endangering the US and the world, please. thanks
nothing but cover for pres living in own reality.Lying without impunity.Is their no  American like Howard?SHAMEFUL put COUNTRY OVER PARTY
God bless President Trump!

@POTUS was being sarcastic. Maybe you should back American voters, rather then campaign backers.
Good I think @POTUS should stop daily press...He can make a video each day...
Are you supposed to be talking to Trump  about the Trump Russia investigation?  Because sean spicer  has just said  but you have Hmm
Why is @POTUS claiming you reassured him there's no investigation? #RussiaInvestigation is ongoing and #trumpcoverup must end
@SenateMajLdr   US in crisis.  U have power 2 stop.  INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION. bipartisanship effort. let it happen n let us move on.
Coward. Stand up for your country.
hey senator! when did you assure that @realDonaldTrump investigation was a hoax? spill the beans traitor!
No need to worry senator, it's a bluff, an attempt to intimidate the press in the hopes of controlling the narrative. Won't happen.
