This administration needs more than oversight, it actually needs ethics. Americans will not accept a president who lies.
I certainly don't.  But most ppl, including Congress, seem to be like "Uh, whatevs." I thought Repubs would defend democracy.  No integrity.
reelection can't come soon enough. We will remember how the @GOP sold us down the river
@Skamama01 The mere fact that you R promoting Trump,psychologically damaged man, is treasonous. Aren't YOU ashamed?
Shame is foreign to most politicians. You have to have ethics & morals to feel shame. Most of them have neither.
That's a pretty big assumption on your part. When you take to tweeting b c they're ignoring you. The country is screwed.
you built this Senator.  Now own it.
Trump is your monster and you've lost control of him. 

#resist #theResistance
Sen. Grassley I don't know how to break this to you but yr new man does not believe in your "checks and balances." At all.
You have to tweet the   to communicate--  Can't stop laughing
Okay, but think for a second: how messed up is it that you have to contact Trump via Tweet to get anything done?
We need congress to be investigating whether the President is mentally stable enough to carry out his COC role responsibly.
Chuck is going iiiiiiiin
If you feel frustrated, remember "you knew he was a snake when you let him in" #brokeitboughtit
Not sure if executive branch took that class???
Sen. Grassley, how you getting along with the 8th grade civics class and @potus?
There will be no checks and balances for Trump. His response will be "Make me."  And Ryan and Co. are literally giddy with power at this pt.
Chuck also studied nomination process. Then ignored for partisan politics.
Your own words:
"Do as we say, not as we do." I'm ashamed he represents my state..."
this isn't balanced! @POTUS is just silencing any organization who doesn't agree with his "Alternative Facts" #dontgagus
@trumpbigregrets #trumpregrets
Liberal Dems had called in sick during that school unit in 8th grade!
You will always have Crooked Hillary in Purple!
When will"he's better than Hillary" stop being your answer.No one cares about HRC anymore except GoP
Conrad! We can multi task! We care about what Hillary is up to, how the Dems are going to cheat
what 8th grade Civics? Not taught anymore,  You should know. Your grandkids go to Iowa schools. Ask them.
Yep, sad.
WTH were you expecting? In your words: I’m focused on MY re-election. Shoulda put the country before the party right, Chuck?
oversight only works with action Senator, allowing a madman to run rampant just because he has an R after his name is insane.
@gop  Funny, you've really forgotten this since January.
Trump is our first fascist POTUS and his wall will have an adverse impact on wildlife migration.
Twitter tip: if you want to get a message to someone who doesn't follow you, use their handle. Example: @realDonaldTrump.
fascism has no checks n balances!  Do u not know.?Google it. Google is a search engine..oh 4get it. Give phone back 2 staffer
So what are you gonna do about it besides tweet??? Is this the only power you hold? Do you guys not talk? This is pitiful!
you lost standing to lecture when you helped steal SCOTUS appt from legitimate POTUS to hand to Putin's useful idiot.
That was the Senators' finest hour
Then use I t go v Ite NO TO SESSIONS.  POTUS has no respect for DOJ
Face it. The WH is just not that into you
he knows all sees all hears all, but doesn't know shit. 
Reap what you sow.
Oversight? @realDonaldTrump & his nutty administration needs collar, leash & obedience training. Run that obstacle course!
you're surprised there is confusion????
Trump is not normal. Stop treating him as if he is. He is sick, paranoid, delusional and dangerous. Save the USA. Impeach.
@shondi99 Checks and balances? Seriously? Republicans have EVERYTHING! Checks and balances are long gone.
Great thread, I've BLOCKED soooo many losers/whiners
Keep up the great work...
Oversight is important to all Americans too!
something you obviously don't remember
are you literally trying to teach this to our insane President on twitter? We are all screwed
- what are you as our / my senator going to do about making sure that oversight is done by the current administration?
DJT never got outta 8th Grassley. Stuck in 6th & w/ bullies beating him up & taking his milk $$, no chance he'll survive!
Illustrates the need for more careful consideration and scrutiny before giving @BetsyDeVos a sledge hammer&our DOE,huh Chuck?
are you going to ask why @realDonaldTrump is violating the PRA? Same with others with RNC email https://www.archives.gov/presidential-libraries/laws/1978-act.html …
Are you checking and balancing, or are you just going with the flow? I expect you to representme, Chuck. So far you have not.
Perhaps you should engage in some oversight of FBI improprieties. Isn't that part of the job you've been neglecting?
why wont republicans defend democracy??  What is going on?
OMG, have you been hacked? Looks like ur trying to get in touch with prez to teach civics lesson We're doomed. Thx 
the next election can't come soon enough!
That's what you get for supporting a fascist. You are just a cog in the machine and ordinary people are things to exploit.
The chapter after the one on "advice and consent" of the Senate?
@nycsouthpaw WTF? Has he been hacked or....Is this just...Him?
Don't you see who this guy is? He doesnt need you. "Only I can fix it".  Nice work, Senator.
so did you tell him that when you met yesterday?
Trump's presidency is illegitimate if there is voter fraud. GOP needs to find their ethics and listen to all people.
I thought you didn't believe in checking fellow Republicans.
appreciate your patriotism protecting democracy from Trump autocratic tendencies.
let's not get too far ahead of ourselves.This is the same fella who STOLE a SCOTUS appt fromTHE AMERICAN PEOPLE!
.@ChuckGrassley @adamcancryn Of course this assumes that civics is taught. The current state of affairs suggests that maybe it's not.
Please, please keep standing up to donald. (Also, could you #DumpDevos)
ADVISE AND CONSENT
Agree 100%. You R's need to grow some or get some T shots eh.
It sure seems like you're the only R willing to ask for OVERSIGHT. Seriously, you need to talk with your party about this.
GOP always excelled @corruption + dirty tricks, but Trump + 2017 GOP Congress is corruption on mega steroids. Can't win fair.
.@ChuckGrassley didn't you just meet with him? Who are you trying to convince? You're not @'ing him so he's never going to see your tweet.
It's not checks if they can go on the merrygoaround solo for four years it's not balances if 83% of the population is ignored
But that was AGES ago !! We use that like Algebra. ( us old folks )
@nycsouthpaw just a thought but there's a fair amount in the Constitution Chuck could be addressing
@nycsouthpaw please save us Iowans from Dictator Donald
Do your job and then you can lecture. Stop this psychopath in the WH.
so do your job and investigate corruption. Start with the GOP. @nycsouthpaw
cool cool but his cabinet all GOP is going to unilaterally confirm will definitely be way more professional. No worries 
why didn't you do your job about SCOTUS then? #hypocrisy
that's a big assumption for @POTUS, yo
Can you believe this is where you are? And where u are.. is where WE are. Please help. Republican & Democrat senators unite!
You're helping them. You are a collaborator.
tell em chuck
From Iowa w/ love. Grassley checks and balances don't work in dictatorship.
.@ChuckGrassley That was left out of the White House new employee orientation video.
lulz, studied. civics.  hilarious.
yes! POTUS is not a king. Remind him Chuck!
haha now now Chuck...
DJT says massive voter fraud. No vote on SCOTUS until we're sure of a valid election
focus on oversight for this administration.
You didn't seem to worry about this in the campaign.
this is what happens when ppl who know nothing about how the government works, think they know better... wrong..
this is the best tweet I've read all day! Makes me proud to be your constituent!
so you're going to confirm Judge Garland?
@PoliticalLine It's hard to take you seriously at this point when you supported party over country. Please prove me wrong!
actually Chuck, your Tweets on oversight are right on. Oversight will keep hypocrisy in check or expose it?
had you paid attention in said civics class you would have understood that checks and balances are different from oversight.
@POTUS Protect #America. Only American work at Federal/State agencies. When do H1B knowledge transfer to Americans?.
remember @realDonaldTrump doesn't read. Thank you for pushing for #oversight
He does read Tweets, but only in response to stuff that annoys him, so he might read it.
Time retire Chuck. You can't even run a hearing.  Millions for useless investigation.  Starr will do it!
Hard to provide oversight when you are asleep at the wheel.
You did this!!!  You cold have spoken out against him but you put party over country.  #ThisIsOnYou
Senator. Now that you 're  concerned by his overreach what do think here? Orwellian enough for you? https://apnews.com/c1423276fb574b07953651a68a082db9/EPA-science-under-scrutiny-by-Trump-political-staff?utm_campaign=SocialFlow&utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=AP …
Something tells me you're not gonna do shit.
well I'll be! So far we have agreed on this and #johngeer. Keep it up
Execs think R above ovrsight, esp when won't comply w OGE Pls fight 4 ALL of us #conflictsofinterest #ethics #balanceofpower
that's why Republicans are working overtime and in the wee hours to screw the American people..oversight...right alt fact...
Really Senator? I'll believe it when I see it and @RepChaffetz does his constitutional duty.
Congress needs to set limits with him now or it will become impossible and he will cause serious harm. He's like a toddler.
Oversight, and checks and balances doesn't work when the other side owns all three branches.  But at least we can expose the corruption.
Who are you kidding? We fully expect you to fall in line. The House, the Senate, and now the Executive Branch, all corrupt.
Well said @ChuckGrassley .
Keep on oversightin’ Chuck! Nobody does it better!
You put party over country & hope the person that runs against you shows that to the people that vote for you open their eyes
The scary thing is they might be trying to CHANGE THAT. Remember, Trump admires Putin & Edrogan.
Agreed! Maybe that's why Trump admin wants to get rid of education standards, no one to call them out for disregarding duties
Seems like you're giving @POTUS rubber stamp on EVERYTHING, you REFUSED to even look at @POTUS44 & what he asked for
No oversight if the GOP cowardly fall behind the president.
assume executive branch brain dead
