Grassley is now reduced to a foolish little man and parry hack.
Grassley claiming falsely that DNC did not cooperate with FBI re Russia cyber-penetration.
Stop helping the TRUMP crime family
Chuck, you are obviously not mentally all there. Too senile to drive a car and too far gone to govern. Go find a nice porch to sit on.
You bring shame on Iowa. You are covering for a fascist.  Retire.
.@ChuckGrassley Side trip to Russia too? Or are you bribed via direct deposit to look the other way on Kremlin President? USA WATCHING YOU
As soon as the Canadian oil to RexyExxy pipeline (Russky steel) poisons Oglala watershed, Branstad has no use to China & vice versa.
Might want to start packing your office, as this WILL be your last term, bro
How's it feel to aid Trump and the Russians at the expense of national defense, Chuck? Shamed all Iowans
Iowa clearly deserves better
Your decency as a patriotic American is tarnished. After what has been done here, you are after leakers. Unbelievable. Please  RESIGN!!!!!!!
We are going to fight Trump and his hatred and racism EVERY single day. Don't you worry. The RESISTANCE is going to fight your bullshit too
How much money does the Kushner family make if we send Branstad?  Wasn't 500k the going rate to buy a visa into the US
Well, you embarrassed yourself and Iowa again with your partisan questions for Sally Yates.  It is too bad that you don't support America!!
Please investigate Russian interference first as first priority-so dangerous
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
-so you are more interested in who told news source about Flynn's lies but doesn't bother that Trump DID NOTHING for 18 days??  Really?
Wow ur an embarrassment 2 . An enemy of  threatens our democracy & u refuse 2 ask even 1 Q on it. #TrumpRussia #SalleyYatesIsAPatriot
Maybe Chuck and his GOP pals are enemies of 
That is way too logical. Way more likely all a coincidence & every outlet is fake news other than Breitbart, Fox & National Enquirer. 
That's BRAINSDEAD. Also, you're both senile. Come on Iowa, can't you do better than these two dopes?
How many Russians you talk to Chuck?  Seems you're more concerned with suppressing the truth than finding out what it is

Clapper: "to me the transcendent issue here is Russian interference in our elections," calls unmasking & other issues "ancillary"
Wonder what the fine people of Iowa did to have you and @SteveKingIA represent them in congress? Talk about bad Karma.
And Chuck Grassley appears to be acting as an agent for foreign powers securing executive branch for Premier Trump.
Of course, you all already know hacking/collusion/treason/Foreign Corrupt all TRUE, but continue to fuck USA in the name of DRUMPF!
"Ass-is" Grassley, dad of Toad S. King, you hear Clapper's meaning: "Will Toad(R)grow up, stop Devi mask babble, focus on Putin/treason?"
Trump told you to play the leakers card. You are so corrupt. You are a dishonorable member of Congress.
You and your GOP colleagues should be so ashamed.  Asking all of those questions about leaks, when the real issue is Russian interference.
The leaker was a WHISTLEBLOWER.  Flynn would still be working for the administration otherwise.  Yet, you detract from this and you are
purposefully stalling the investigation.  This makes you complicit and for what?  To protect a criminal like Donald Trump.  Shame on you!
Why do you care more about the leaks than the traitor in office??? Are u American or a Russian spy? Or just out of ur mind?!!!
I think retirement is a good idea. Please do us all a favor and get out now.
History will not be kind to people like you. You are not patriotic or concerned with what is going on here. It appears that you're involved.
Why dont you care that Russia interfered in the election? What is it that you don't want revealed?
We want you to please retire. You are no longer a useful member of Congress. You are not concerned about Russia attack on US. Complicit?
How long do you think American citizens will tolerate this? Quit w/ the party nonsense. FBI#CIA listen to them!
Russia's interfering in our election and gov, the NSA is involved and all you ask about is unmasking? Pathetic
I hear the #Kushners will be happy bout that
It is so wonderful watching you destroy ur career for this Traitor- I'm loving watching all of you go down for this Putin puppet
Do your job properly. "Leaks!! Unmasking!!" Are you kidding me? Stop putting party over country.
Hey Chuck so why were you so angry about the Trump Russia leaks but not their content.  Which country do you represent ?
"Unclassified means it can't be leaked"
The sooner the better.
Good tweet Chuck. Could be better, but not your usual beating of the AP style book. 7.75/10.
Grassley is after the leakers not the Russians or Russian stooges.

If his house burns down he wants to know who called the fire department.
Wish you had integrity like Yates. Did you listen to Clapper statement or nod off? Too partisan. Need independent investigation.
We don't need people like you in office, we need real Americans working for Americans.
You may be worried about leaks, but if it wasn't for those leaks Trump, & Flynn would have sold America out by now.
It's time to put Chuck Grassley on notices. He has his priorities in the wrong place.
TERM LIMITS, let us allow young people to govern, they can't do any worse.
Good questions today, Chuck! Ending your career in style! Joe Paterno style!
I highly question your patriotism.
Traitor
Great!
Please retired after this term; you have no credibility nor any integrity. Your performances today shows it.
Chuck, Chuck, Chuck. Do you need "Unmasking for Dummies"? You have nothing to ask about the Russians? Are you also compromised?
As a constituent, I believe you are compromised @ChuckGrassley . #Russia
You DID know this was being televised, right??

WE DON'T CARE ABOUT UNMASKING. IT'S ABOUT TREASON.  WTF?
Senator it's time for you to retire. A true American puts America First, not his party. There are traitors in the White House!!!!
I don't agree often w Cowboy Fans, but, well said #SteelerForLife
America First!! Cowboys 2nd 
Lol...
Tax relief vs #healthcare. 1% against 99%. You need to contact your Senator. Shame on the @GOP Rich people are going to get real rich.
Thank God. We don't want him here. However-I think you have other things to worry about and focus on right now.
Excellent.  Iowa will breath a sigh of relief when he leaves. We now feel the same about YOU. Party over country. #shameful #IowaCries
Sen. Lindsey Graham, the chair, remains the only Republican still present at this hearing. GRASSLEY SPEWED OBSTRUCTION AND LEFT!!
@ChuckGrassley DOES NOT CARE ABOIT NATIONAL SECURITY BUT THOSE EMAILS. SO WHAT IS IT?
?????? #SallyYateIsAPatriot and Grassley is looking like traitor.
Grassley cares absolute zero about our security and glad that there are #heroes that outed #Flynn
Because by today's hearing showed us the GOP are ok with traitors and liars
Why don’t u care that Russia is interfering in our elections?  Your questions for Sally Yates sucked and make me question your patriotism
I agree but you're far too kind!
Genuinely a disgrace that you keep preferencing party over country.
Amazing. Grassley only cares re leaks abt Flynn & "unmasking," not fact that Trump's nat. sec. adviser was compromised vis a vis Russians.
Go with him. Take @joniernst and @SteveKingIA too; if China's willing to take our trash, we should take them up on it. Thanks, China!
Yours and other GOP senators questions at Yates hearing only validates the need for an Independent non partisan investigation. Shameful.
You've been compromised by Russians clearly don't have American best interest. Please resign
Your a fucken Russian traitor. Bought and paid for. Resign.
You know how no one paid attention to you before? I think that's about to change. You may not like the attention. Please do your job, puppy.
Remove the first three letters and the last four from ambassador and that is exactly what you and Terry are...
I feel sorry for China. He sure ruined Iowa. Much like yourself and your minion, Ernst.
Why can't Iowans Reach You on the Phone! Not that you care what they say ! 90%+ Did Nit want you to vote for DeVos but you took Her $
"Not."Need to Proof Read! lol
Why don't you go to China with Him then It would "Make Iowa Great Again"
.@ChuckGrassley Gov Branstad is an agent of the Banking Cartel, and so are you. https://s3.amazonaws.com/khudes/Twitter12.19.16.2.pdf …
Why cannot you not pronounce "Russians"? It's NOT "Reish-ens"  Also, maybe care about Trump treason instead of licking his boots?
Someone set the house on fire and you want to know who called the fire department. This is Watergate- leave Deep Throat alone and #doyourjob
Either Chuck works for Putin & is following orders tweeted 2day. Or Trump wants world to see him reach & grab a pussey namely Chuck this ugh
Is there any foreign nation that Mr. Trump can send you to, Chuck? And Steve King as well? Might as well clean up this state.
And @RodBlum
Oh boy!! Adios
Are you tweeting from hearing?
Why are you more focused on leaks instead of the Russian influence on the Prez? Are you also compromised? suspicious! #SallyYatesIsAPatriot
Isn't there something else you should be doing right now?
Stay on task regarding 45s treason in hearing w #SallyYates
You now appear to be a traitor. Shouldn't be anywhere near anything to do with foreign relations. You really are the Senate's dimmest bulb
You are tweeting? shouldn't you be paying attention to the hearing. Not interested in the truth, I guess!
For once you tweet good news. Good riddance.
I remember when the republican party wasn't in Russia's back pocket. Wow, how things change.
chuck! pay attention!
Please stick to the hearing's agenda and find out about the #Russia connection to America's election.
when did WH hand you those questions? Shameful. You're an embarrassment to the great state of Iowa.
Also, a true patriot would be more concerned about the content of leaks vs. the method.
Shouldn't the distinguished senator from Iowa focus on the hearing he is currently attending?
He's not interested in anything but partisan politics.
Are you working for the Russians now?
Taking a break from your treason to live Tweet? How Trumplike, fitting approach
You really ought to be paying attention to testimony.  I tell my kids to get off the phone at the table- you should do the same.
Being here in the QC, I find his comments cringeworthy.
Stop trying to distract with leak talk you clown. Resign
get off your phone chuck
