@Scaramucci @seanhannity He apologized senator, you shld worry less about Trump, more about promises
@Scaramucci @seanhannity we want free market solutions when it comes to health care
No worries - Kelly kicked that trash to the curb on day 1.
@hughhewitt  I get your disapproval of trash talk.  I am equally offended by blue slip holding up judges. Let's roll on vacancies  now.
The hell with political correctness and calls to tone down tweets
We elected and will totally support our @POTUS Trump
& Anthony @Scaramucci
Have a nice ride, Lee
Obama’s Money Laundering Scheme EXPOSED 
The Obama Legacy lies in rubble. And that’s where it will stay.
Obama's Money Laundering Scheme
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @jaketapper @donlemon @Acosta @ChrisCuomo @maddow @Hardball
http://theblacksphere.net/2017/07/obamas-money-laundering-scheme/ …
What's the difference between Mooche's comments and Trump's 'pussygrabber' comments?
One of them has dirt on the entire GOP
Maybe you should go have a sit down with @SenJohnMcCain and let him know how he screwed the people.

Sorry @ChuckGrassley they are birds of a feather, may as well talk to the wall
Don't u have anythng else 2 do like investigate Russn hacking in election, fix health care/education systm, ensure clean energy/water/air?
You know all that Russia talk is bs right?
Yeah sure, it's all bs, which is why several @GOP-led committees + FBI are investigating T conspiracy & even R's are talking impeachment
Still waiting for evidence. Any evidence. Russians did nothing. HRC was a bad candidate nominated by a corrupt organization (DNC)
Funny how Trump used to say not to wait for the evidence
I'm not trump
Well, you've got that going for you
@Scaramucci @seanhannity you guys are not to popular right now for obvious reasons, do your darn job
Senator the President today told cops to violate people who commit crimes. When is enough going to be enough? He is dangerous.
People ARRESTED. Not necessarily guilty of crimes. He doesn't seem to know difference.
People have rights. The President spoke to boy scouts about his friend who had orgies, he is inciting violence by cops, trying to fail ACA
The ACA is failing all by its lonesome, Princess.  A rubble heap of history.
How about these ethics?
Grassley, @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @Jim_Jordan are TRAITORS AND RUSSIAN SPIES, MUST BE INVESTIGATED FOR TREASON. @USAGSessions @sacbee_news
Spare me the phony outrage rhino ! I heard songbird mccain use filthy language to a female reporter once . U al will pay for betrayal !
134 deaths and 160 maimed on naval ship bc of McCain. His daddy was real hero, so John was let off hook. Shameful.  #JohnMcCain
But he's having so much more fun lying and duping the folks in AZ.
@realDonaldTrump won't have to save his Party
He won't have to because the Republican Party will survive the #FakePrez

#TheResistance
They're gonna need all new people to get rid of the rot. There's nothing salvageable within current GOP 'lawmakers'.
Wow, I agree shouldn't use F word in public, but all this feigned outrage is too much, not like @POTUS got a blow job in Oval from intern.
REALLY?
There's a video of Trump bragging about grabbing pussy, and you're worried about *this*?
This is your line in the sand?
Okay, pal.

Why are you trying to undermine the Mueller investigation?  Level of cover-up on this leads me to believe that they are onto something HUGE
espionage was just arrested and Debbie Wasserman Shultz has tapped her brother to oversee his investigation. This is in your face corruption
Brenda, did u ride a short bus to school?  Did u go to school?
Grassley  trying to undermine Mueller can mean one thing, Putin has kompromat on the senator also
Yea, right  ! #LiberalTard
exactly Chuck!!!...Get the Healthcare done .....BEFORE the wall!!!
What? The repeal is dead. D E A D. Get over it.
You actually tagged the President? I'm shocked I tell you, shocked. First McCain killing your healthcare, now this. Keep it up.
Gay?bot
If you support Trump, your outrage at Scaramucci's language is pure grandstanding. Trump has said and done much worse.

Also.... Lewinsky wasnt raped she was a willing adult participant who appreciated a fine cuban cigar as much as the next guy might. 
Smfh
No one said she was raped. What's wrong?  You can dish it out but can't take it?
In all fairness, Chuck, he'd be entitled once he catches you sucking Trump's dick.
@ChuckGrassley .We like your spunk in general but this PUBLIC VIRTUE SIGNALING  tweet was not cool. @Scaramucci
@realDonaldTrump I'm always happy to go to WhiteHouse to discuss w u  Tell Scaramucci not to use that filthy language around me he toldmedia
need to do something. Our country is running off the rails because of his craziness.
The world is watching Trump mock his own staff, our Democracy etc.This is intolerable.36% of country approv ENOUGH NOW! You
Mr Grassley,Would Ronald Reagan allow our government  to be run this way?  Have YOU lost all integrity? This is unsustainable
This bullshit you're supporting trying to obstruct the most important investigation in our history is unHow can you not see past partyis

You kidding me, Grassley...?  1.5 years on the campaign trail, 6 months in office and @Scaramucci's comments is your "line" with Trump...??
Senator, you are a hypocritical quisling & your president is a megalomaniacal liar. When you go to the WH, read him the Constitution.

Trump taking out the GOP one member at a time.
Senator -as a constituent, I totally agree with you on that issue. Professional mature people do not need bad language
You are my new Republican hero, and I'm a Democrat!!
Good for you, Chuck.  I'm just one person but Scaramucci impresses me as a short tempered foul mouthed thug.  We have serious work to do
Sure you are. Grow some and get 45 OUT
Senator.  If you feel compelled to be in the company of either one, I suggest introspection.  The WH is septic enough.  IMPEACHMENT NOW!
You can say that but what abt WH staff. WH is poster child for hostile work environment. Cld WH staff file Hostile Work envirmnt lawsuit??
Oh Chuckles. You're a tad slow, even by Iowa standards.
Trump is ruining our country. How much longer are you willing to put with this shit??
Maybe you should worry about him undermining the insurance market& his promotion of violence as well. When is @GOP going to protect people?
You know you are a senator right?
the guy at the top should not need to talk like a PFC in the field --or a female NY Senator
Tell him yourself. Given your acceptance of the would- be dictator in the White House, why would obscenities from his people bother you?
That would make him A-OK with you, Chuck?
Be careful. Unless you state overtly, Trump might brag about tic tac grabbing p**** . He loved sMooch's rant.
@scaramucci put on a show. He knew what he was doung and he knew it was on the record. All that was missing was stage dressing
U should first talk to that vulgar filthy hate-filled mouth of Tom Perez.
Ar least he is open with it right Senator??????
GOP needs to start the process for #Impeachment 45 is a dangerous man who can't control his words or actions. #Resistance #Resist
Way to go Sen Grassley. I don't always agree with you but I respect you for standing up for your dignity.
Tell him yourself. #Geez
Whew, Lefties out in numbers with their lying talking points. Actually some are quoting what Barry and Hillary did. Can't keep them straight
Another no class and disgraced potus appointment.
Oh PLEASE. Your virgin ears... Mooch knows his audience. That's was a private convo. Nice try.
Oh! my virgin ears!
Why would you ever think Pres. P*ssy Grabber is going to discourage "filthy" language in the White House? Filth is his nature. #GOP #swamp
Scaramucci is low life thug with money just like lucifer the 45th, they breed violence, hatred, racism just utter chaos in our America!!
Did u mention that to BILL CLINTON back in the day?
Now likely replacing McMaster w Pompeo.
Exactly!  So unprofessional and DEGRADING to the USA
It's a great shame that a respected Senator has to send a sitting President this note.  What a sewer WDC has become.  Trump sliming Capital
But you were ok with a president who openly bragged about sexual assault? The pussygrabber in chief? Hypocrite much?
Do you realize how sad it is that a respected Senator would have to utter this sentence to a sitting POTUS?  What a sewer WDC  has become.
I love that @realDonaldTrump won't give @ChuckGrassley his number so he uses twitter to text him. #silverlining
You get what you endorsed.  Coward!
Chuck, why u hanging out with this turd?
Instead of that. How about passing some of the nearly 300 bills passed by congress?  @SenateGOP is doing nothing for us who votes u control
Senator...shut up. You haven't earned a voice. You've done everything in your control to coverup for this travesty. You knew & did nothing
@kimmytoronto @realDonaldTrump Is it ethical meeting with @POTUS @WhiteHouse 2 prob discuss  investigation? @SenFeinstein
Vile, foul-mouthed thugs and bullies at wh.
@ChuckGrassley, when are you going to put country before party and call out this administration for what it is? You have sold your soul.
But this was perfectly acceptable because he was your guy for Republican Party? #FakeOutrage #Puppets #GreedOverPeople #GOPTraitors
Don't fall for it chuck. Run away fast.
This is a misdemeanor on NJ. Wish people had the guts to file charges. @realDonaldTrumup
HYPOCRITE! Had Obama's WH comm director done this crap, you would have been screaming IMPEACHMENT from the rooftops. Rs have no morals. SAD!
I hope #GENKelly has the strength to set @Scaramucci on his prissy little butt #dumpscaramucci

Thank you Chuck.
Good for you, sir. Wish you'd have found your spine before now. Foul language, terrible. Foulest of legislation, no problem for you?
Btw-you know you love that language because you are a Russiaplican.
Lol he's your guy. Now own it and deal with it. It's the new amerikkka 
#notmypresident #tRUMPsucksPutin
#NotMyAmerica
#sad
Iowans won't forget your part in placating the new republican party. Words are one thing, action is another.
So filthy words are bad, but filthy actions are okay?
Grassley, words upset you, but robbing people's healthcare doesn't? Your priorities are screwed up. And they call us "snowflakes"! FUCK=BOO!
Such tender ears!
Hey @chuckgrassley , why weren't you this language sensitive when Trump spoke about grabbing women's p***y? Must have been okay with you?
Just remember the mooch is a reflection of trump. He is saying what twitler wants to say but can't
Well, WH has no civility these days. It's embarrassing for our Republic.
What the??!  ...why is that street trash, Scaramucci  in our WH? Do tell...
Sen. Grassley, what's the big surprise? Mob members are running the country and that's how they talk. Fugget about it!
Tweeting and trampolines don't mix.
Thank you
Where is the concern from your peers?  We have a mad man at the helm this can only end badly!

We knew about the language when we elected this clown. It's part of why he won. Suck it up.
Flat out disgusting & has no place in a position where the whole world sees US leadership
Don't you have a fake russia scandal to enable to hurt our president you establishment hack.
Nice
That's the best you can Do?
Have you not been paying attention? Donald's language is filthy. You've helped to normalize extreme behavior by saying nothing. Complicit
. Debate in Washington needs civility. Vulgarity does not produce effective results.
Why don't you tell that to all the Potty mouth protesters shouting at the President?
Yep!!!!!
Start impeachment proceedings on Trump. He is tearing apart our Constitution and the rule of law. PLEASE!
I'm a truck driver and Scaradouchey makes me blush...earmuffs!
I do hope you will get off of this stupid kick to investigate Hillary Clinton! We need more strong leaders like Murkowski, Collins & McCain!
OWN it, Chuck. YOUR base of YOUR party put YOUR candidate in office.
#BlockMe
"Now, excuse me while I go grab some pussy"
Out Of Scaramucci lips comes Trumps voice. Trump  foosl his base all the X. Trump will succeed this time.
I'm sure Chuck, "foul" words have never left the lips of 99% of the population,lol.Heck,go listen to most any Rap cd, ROFLMAO.
Really? This is your stand? You voted to harm people, support a pres who is a moral/intellectual reprobate and BAD LANGUAGE is your line?!
You actually volunteer to go there
Wha5 happened to innocent till proven guilty.
#MAGA #SYC the Mooch is in town!
Hey chuck you wanted him in with his personality their you go
You congress people shouldn't be on any recess! You have TONS of work to do. WE the people have time & budget limits! So shd you
His language is pretty similar to the language #Trump uses. It doesn't stop you from supporting him as your party's standard(less) bearer.
That's rich, you have a problem with their language but not their actions, what a tool you are
Hahaha only the president can use that filthy language eh Chuck
You deserve it senator. Unlike yourself, I would be ashamed of supporting anyone who has zero respect for his own country & fellow citizens.
Too little, too late. You are bad as they are for your failure to speak up. Sad
Exactly! Scaramucci should always refrain himself from using filthy language whenever he's around the WH. It's not appropriate. TY sir.
.@ChuckGrassley your bill ends lifetime coverage, limit my treatment options & sent 2 high risk pool @jdrf #saveaca #type1diabetes #JDRFCC17
Grassley is trying to distance himself from bad optics. Better to keep his mouth shut.
Please Mr Grassley, no legislative agenda is worth the humiliation our country is having to endure under this man child.  DO SOMETHING! NOW!
Mr Grassley, stand up for our country. Trump is damaging us & soon there will be no turning back. Look at the thugs around him. You know it.
We gave you the fucking house in '12, the fucking Senate in '14,the fucking WH in '16 and you couldn't repeal fucking ACA  #BklynSpokenHere
if course language bothers you maybe it's time to hang it up and retire.
Apologies: We  gave you the Fucking House in fucking '11 !  #BklynSpokenHere
Excuse me sir, but if that is all you have a problem with, the nation is in serious danger!!!
So much Hipocracy!!  Where was the outcry at profanity used by Tom Perez, Kamala Harris, Kirsten Gillibrand, H. Clinton, to name a few??!!
Why don't you tell him? Seriously.
Grassley you have surpassed your usefulness as a legislator Are you going out on the right side of history like McCain or the wrong side
Really? Foul language bothers you but not shitting on the USA? #ImpeachTrumpNow you coward! If not yr party will suffer incredible losses
The Mooch is Trumps's attack dog. Stop enabling this monster. Impeach!
What about the filthy language Trump uses?  I guess you are OK with that?  Pathetic.

@gop inaction seems like an endorsement of this behavior.
Only reason @POTUS wants 2 see u is 2 use, pressure, coerce, bribe or bully u into compromising #TrumpRussia investigation. @SenFeinstein
He called for police brutality!
Please go ahead and do so but not only to Mooch but to the president as well.
I love Chuck
@jaxamillion5 @realDonaldTrump Ha!
That is a highly enjoyable tweet . I respect this tweet.
Please start standing up to the criminal and his mob clan in OUR White House! TYIA
I don't even know where to begin
Fuck Yeah!
@ChuckGrassley you are currently investigating this WH,in light of your position it would be better to not compromise invest.w/trip 2trump.
Love me so Chuck Grassley.
Why do you hate coherent sentences?
Sir, is that the only thing that would bother you going to the WH 
And yet you support him, Senator. Why not try the opposite and see what happens?
Just demand that the Mooch not be allowed in your presence. If he walks in, walk out. End of story
Will that be before or after you kiss his backside?
Please use the 25th Amendment. This dude is a WHACK JOB! #TrumpIsDangerous
He represents This Administration which is America. Your party built this, Sir.
How old is he? 10?
You can promote Trumpcare but you can't stand A swear words you don't mind taking Healthcare away from the poor?
But this was fine with you
Really Chuck, please you probably use the same language as you try to protect the Donald from the Russia collusion investigation.

Good request Senator!
I know you don't have a dog, but surely there is a muzzle lying around there from previous dogs that you can put on your comm director.
Libby's are triggered !! Lol
SALUTE: HON.  Chuck GRASSLEY
Senator, may come as a surprise, #Trump doesn't care what most people think. His goal with #Bannon is to destroy time honoured US traditions
When I hear such hateful,foul language,reminds me of a guy 20 yrs ago, became crazy paranoid, fired everyone, lost a $3m yr biz. It was meth
Did you hear that @realDonaldTrump Your new Dude needs his mouth washed out with Soap. @Franklin_Graham Y'all need to pray for this mess
Wait. What?
where is the religious right
Date the Devil u bound to get dirty....
funny
Senator, talk to @POTUS about stopping #H1B visa scam. This issue needs to be addressed.
Also pls help to stop the unlimited L1 visas & growing fake #EB1C Greencards every year
When will you and rest of GOP stand up to this madman?
ALL YOU TRAITORS WILL BE VOTED OUT, BEEN IN THE BUBBLE TO LONG. GET OUT & LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE & SEE WHAT WE WANT!
You were ok when Obama used that colorful language to the media.
.@ChuckGrassley 
He associates with those who are like him. Vulgar narcissistic bullies who can only think of themselves. Time to open eyes.
Agreed. But how important is profanity as compared to your YES vote on health care? How could you vote to hurt even one American?
Discuss why mcabe is working w mueller and not recused after his wife too money from va governor & clinton camp !
You don't want to hear it but the public is subjected to it and it's Presidentially approved.
Amen Senator! It demeans America.
How about truly investigating Russian intervention in our election. Instead Grassley deflects re leaks. Screw the language issue DO YOUR JOB
Grassley's tweets remind me of my mom's texts, which I'm saving for posterity as a small collection of eccentric poetry
Such low life working in our government
You are a United States Senator. Use proper English language please.
Language won't change his content or character
If vulgarities are your major concern you haven't been paying attention to your own actions...
Language bothers you, but taking away health care from millions doesn't make you bat an eye? #SHAME
I'd take Scaramucci's filthy language any day as opposed to Senate's Repub liars who ran on getting rid of O'care & didn't.
Ah come on Chuck, this White House has no class so get used to it...
Are you okay?
