How USELESS can the @GOP be?
About as useless as the skin off a rat's ass
You tweet like a seal
Get over it. If you REALLY want him to read it you'd use handles not hashtags
OMG what the living hell is he trying to day?  ROFL.
Are you drunk tweeting?
It's sad really, two feeble older men seemingly in mental decline.
Look at CG spelling...
The three martini lunch was pushed up today.
Jesus, is he for real? Is he begging the out of control POTUS to read an article on just how out of control he is? OMG.
Peggy Noonan writes like an alcoholic nanny telling children a story she's making up on the fly.
Jesus. Learn to f*cking spell correctly.
@ChuckGrassley is responsible for putting Treason in the Oval.  We won't forget.
Always was and still is the DUMBEST Senator in the US Senate.  Wake up Iowa.
Chuck. Chuck!! Listen. It. Is. Time. To. Retire. Go. Home. Now.
OMG, you made me laugh so much.  Lol.

Work on farm Fri. Burning piles of brush WindyFire got out of control. Thank God for good naber He help get undr control PantsBurnLegWound
Did you catch the horse that kicked you in the head, yet?  The brain damage is becoming evident in your tweets
Do you have some sort of Traitor AI writing your tweets, @ChuckGrassley? My roomba writes better than that.
@ChuckGrassley if you are not actively rooting out corruption & exposing the truth, you are guilty of coverup. We WILL get to the truth.
Hey Chuck, that message was to you.  Pls get your fellow GOP to tell Don to shut up, stop tweeting, etc.  We wanna see what happens then!
Too late, anyway. The whole Trump crime family is going to die penniless in jail.
Lawyer up, dude
@FBI @cia @DHSgov @NancyPelosi  maybe you can decipher his tweets...? He also mentioned obstruction in a tweet.
Ahh, that's cute. Your first tweet. Find an 8 year old to teach you how to do it properly.
No, YOU need to wield the power your voters gave you to keep democracy safe.  That means rooting out obstruction of justice.
Personally I think your a corrupt old ass kisser! Time to retire from your life time position of being the neighborhood grump!
Chucky knows he'll be tossed out with the rest of the fascists. Guess he has nothing to lose. He's ruined himself now #Resist
@LouiseMensch shut up, russky
So SHE can tell him to "grow up" instead of the cowardly and complicit GOP having to do it, like she exhorts YOU to do?
Nailed it! They're nothing if not full out cowards, one and all. Guess if you knowingly take illegal campaign $, the thumbscrews tighten
You should really post a link.
No need for links when the entire party shares one common brain!
No wonder Comey did not want to testify in front of you again.
"HEY CALLAGAIN MAN!"
R you getting nervous, Chuck?
Chuck Grassley, poet.
It's far too late for a traitor to change.  I don't want him policymaking. He made his bed & Traitor will LIE in it surrounded by commissars
You are almost a bigger moron than #NotMyPresident
Is this a real tweet?  Whatever. 
Man... First @SeanHannity and now @ChuckGrassley -- Snowflake cry babies coming out of the swamp this week.
Wtf did he mumble ?
Hey Chuck, man up and read it to him!
Look another old white guy making a case for never having old white guys in government again...
POTUS won't change.  But, you can change your stance toward him.  Consider that.  Consider country before party.

How ridiculous is it that GOP Senators have to use Twitter to communicate with Trump?
Are you having a stroke, Chuck?
You need to back to the tweeter class you got an F
why can't this dude spell?
Well, at least we can see that you author your own tweets... 
Your #Hashtag#Abilities#Suck#Bro
Chuck, better lawyer up
He doesn't read anything
sweets, you're gonna need to turn it into a cartoon if you want him to 'read' it
your a fraud stand proudly with morally bankrupt Russian $ launder sexual predator / pedofile how low do you go any limits? Party Over USA
Our democracy might be dead but I'm glad to see irony isn't...
You're a government official? You write like a third grader after a dose of bath salts
Why don't you be a true patriot &not a sheep and do your job. History will remember uwere complicit. Help save democracy instead of destroy
WTF does this even say? It almost looks like a staffer grabbed his phone and tried to tweet this out b4 he could see. Is it a call for help?
You kind of suck at Twitter, @ChuckGrassley
He and his GOP colleagues will express "concern", then continue to support the raging authoritarian clown.   Same old same old.
You'll probably have to read it to him. Or have it translated into photos and charts.  Maybe 3 bullet points.
Hey Chuck, retire, Americans would like someone who realizes it's 2017 in regards to policy not 1957
Retire already.
Do Senators not have any aids or interns anymore? 

Chuck, get a 15 y/o to be your editor.
Irrelevant of how many likes or the time one posts a tweet to a VIP thread. All positive Trump, or conservative comments always appear last
If you have to talk to the President via Twitter, you're in the wrong job and he's the wrong President for this country. You're both idiots
@SenateGOP I wish the Republicans would act like the majority and hold Democrats accountable starting with Rice, Huma Abadin..Hillary
chuck
huh?
Colluders will collide! Right traitor? Love them Russian rubles jingling in your pocket? Glad when you are gone!
Chuck have ya fallen and can't get up ? #trumprussia
are you leaking Chuck?
Shut up Chuck.
Desperation
SHAME ON YOU. Covering for the corrupt, unfit president.
Peggy is usually drunk, old man
You know he can't read?
Omg you're such a bad tweeter it's @ not #
#townhall #timetoretire
Nothing like pandering
Sweetie. He's not ever going to change. He'll keep hurting you until you leave him. It's time to move on.
Why are you recommending this article? Sounds like all other biased liberal #fakenews  me.
Chuckie go home.
What do you want him to say to her now? That she's right @GOP is treating democracy as a toy? (Hit little backward-facing arrow to answer.)
Senator, we know Trump smear attack by Libs is on front lines but please do not forget to help to end #H1B scam. A lot of Americans wait.
Oh wow. Chuck, you done messed up.
Stop being party sycophant. Do something good for country in your old age
your war on punctuation is the greatest thing about you. #NeverCHAange
Is it just me or does Chuck have the hardest time with Twitter?
Noonan's oped: The president needs to be told: democracy is not your plaything. Glad you read this Senator. Hope you take it to heart.
Chuck, you are as responsible as @potus for the trouble our democracy faces. We'll work for Dem chair of Judiciary in 2018, for democy sake.
Noonan seems to be hung up on Democracy.  I'm sure a phone call would resolve this.  /sarcasm
Good golly... if you want to talk to our President-call him! You tweet (incoherently) for purpose of making him look bad. You're pathetic.
Did a child hijack your account?
Your tweet skills are disastrous. But I guess your whole existence is kind of a dumpster fire at this point.
Hypocritically @ChuckGrassley used the obstruction of #MerrickGarland as an opportunity to treat democracy as his plaything 
#GOPshame
What on earth is this tweet, Chuck? Is this a joke? Hashtags don't work that way, Bro. Also, you can use periods in a tweet. CALLAGAIN!!!!!!
try @realDonaldTrump
He won't read this.
@WSJ @nytimes @DMRegister Will someone please review Grassley's tweets today and report, so someone will intervene on his behalf. Is he ill?
are you ok? should we call a doctor? eYE cnt unnerstndd ur TWeatZ, dood. #Sad#soVerySad
Will someone - anyone - who can influence Chuck Grassley please intervene? He is incoherent. Repeated gibberish. What's going on? Is he ill?
Lead the charge and tell 45: “Stop it. Clean up your act. Shut your mouth. Do your job. Stop tweeting. Stop seething. Stop wasting time."

Chuck, you are complicit all the way.
Are you suggestion he ask (manipulate) her to do a positive article on him? You do know his days are numbered right. Similar to yours?
Trump doesn't know much about let alone care about Democracy. That's not fixable at this point.
The Republican Party is intellectually bankrupt
Smells like #russiantreason #obstructionofjustice #collusion #conspiracy #gop
Call your Grandson @PatGrassley. You desperately need to retire.  Pathetic.
your sentence structure Chuck, reminds me of Trump's sentence structure, both a disaster
Our SENATOR must TWEET POTUS? Clearly the circus is here! "When the circus comes to Washington, it consumes everything, absorbs all energy."
You trying to reason with DJT?
Pantsburnlegwound
I do wonder who advises the PoTUS-level of experience, and wisdom. A person needs to be of a certain age to have both.
Let me help, I speak old Senator: 
Yo @realDonaldTrump here's @Peggynoonannyc op-ed in @WSJ today https://www.wsj.com/articles/democracy-is-not-your-plaything-1495149082 … U down w/ this?
Thanks
No idea what you are trying to say, but this op-ed is a hot mess. Not worth the bits it was printed with.
It's @realDonaldTrump & @POTUS if you want to tweet at him.
FBI knows what you know. No hiding now.
You & @Peggynoonannyc are delusional as Trump.
He's not going to change.Only gettins worse. YOU, @ChuckGrassley are complicit in this mess.
No shit. This is the honeymoon period. It ain't getting better as long as he continues to occupy 1600.
If you feel as Noonan does why do you continue to enable him?
The GOP are going to be held responsible for the delusional, vile, treasonous and inhuman miscreant holding office today
Stop kissing Trump's ass !
GOP Lawmakers, We never said that! Yell fake news! fake news!  but, we have tape!, oh, uhm well,  we were just kidding when we said that
You vouch for trump at every step! Shame.
three words--->Mild Cognitive Impairment
Just remember before you dial that # Donny boy, when it comes to people who are TRAITORS to this country, your call may be monitored. Enjoy!
DJT character won't change: he shirked debts, blamed others whole life. Q: Can @gop Senate change, step up to const'l oversight, bipartisan?
Where's my Chuck Grassley decoder ring?
Oh honey, he doesn't read.
great use of hashtags chuck
He's learning. Now if he can only learn what a thread is.
Is this your only method of communication with the President? Pretty pathetic...
Senator: the President just secured hundreds of billions of Saudi $ for American JOBS JOBS JOBS.  Critics can suck it.
This is what happens when a senile Senator tweets without his staff looking out
What r u saying Chuck? Call & praise her again, or call and trash her?
Why are you begging a 70+ year old man to change? You know it's a fool's errand. 

Also, pls hire someone to help you tweet
B/c he is an 80 year old man! He cannot change either.
Is this Boy Scout code?
How sad is it that the only way to communicate with the president of the united states is to post on social media, like he's a teenage girl
What is wrong with you Chuck? Trump needs to be impeached. It's beyond obvious.
So your job is to find nice things about @realDonaldTrump and praise journalists who do? The press isn't here to make you feel good. Lapdog.
It's not remotely nice. Noonan is basically calling 45 a dumbass joke and Chuck is agreeing with her.
Not how I read the tweet.
The @WSJ article is great, but I think your message is lost in the jumble of your tweet.  @potus @realDonaldTrump is better than ##, too.
Ooooh is this a *secret* communication for Donnie, Chuckles?
Senator Grassley Twitter, where two hashtags make none.
But, it works on Instagram 
Is this written in some secret code that only idiots understand?
Shhhh, it's a SECRET communication from Chuckles, only meant for Don. 
Maybe call our @POTUS directly and respectfully share your thoughts The #senate is becoming a disgrace as #DrainTheDeepState goes forward
Julie, you people don't know how any of this works, you poor uneducated souls.
Sir .Us long time Repub. will vote for DEMS in 2018/20for congress cuz of GOP non-support for our DT.If DT around in 2020-we vote for him
Speak English
Jesus Chuck. Can you just stop with the BS and do what is right for our country? Your tarnished legacy is going to fall on to Pat regardless
Let's hope!
