Demand the white nationalists in the White House be removed- Bannon, Gorka and Miller must go.
Yeah, bring back those sweetheart #Obama #MuslimBrotherhood folks to help the rest of his #resist #deepstate gang!  #sedition #treason 
Ah yes. Bringing forth conspiracy theories that have been proven wrong time and time again
I have to think it's a bot.
I think they brought in a bunch just for this. That's what took Trump so long 2 say anything. Waiting for his backup.
Bingo! They're being deployed to troll the #Charlottesville hashtag. Every acct who's telling me that BLM/ Antifa are violent are bots.
 Get back on your meds.
I trust the news stories who have researched showing it was the Nazi sympathizers who ran over people
Time to get #pepperspray/#bats/throwable news stands out of #Antifa/#BLM's hands. And ban those evil #fascist masks while you're at it, Sen.
Tell your Republican POTUS this. Also tell him all sides aren't the same & he can recognize the bad guys - they're the ones with swastikas.
The bad guys are also those that try to shut down free speech w/intimidation, violence, riots and property damage.
The terrorist attack by the self proclaimed white supremacist killed an innocent woman. That's tbe issue at hand. Nazism is anti-American.
Yep. So are violent left wing hate groups who burn the American flag, assault innocent Americans, destroy American property, etc.
Even though your statement is true you're still a  hypocrite! The evil @GOP has been pandering to white supremacists for decades.
Sure!  #Democrats rewritting history, "fundamentally changing" reality
Yep. Now what about this homegrown terrorism? https://m.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmZg6qu6U-0yYXxCtpPuOxNdO_Bw250uI …
Any comments? Do your job. We're sick of the double standards.
Do you believe antifa should be labeled hate group? Or do you conveniently looked the other way when they start violence?

Of course you don't see the difference, I knew you wouldn't
Maybe you get that civil war you're apparently wanting so bad and then you will finally be happy
Then stand up to Trump! Demand he fire Bannon, Miller and Gorka!
It's YOUR president who supports them. Time for action, not more talk. #ImpeachNow #25thAmendmentTime
Perhaps you can tell that to @realDonaldTrump , who is truly chicken trump.
Senator, please call them what they are -- Nazis, not alt right or white supremacists, and they have no place in America! #Nazis
Please investigate why the ACLU supports KKK! https://www.aclu.org/blog/free-speech/equality-justice-and-first-amendment?redirect=blog/speak-freely/equality-justice-and-first-amendment … Hope zero government funds go to ACLU!
Then why don't you want to hold hearing on the matter in Senate? Actions are louder than words.
At least one thing I'll agree with you! But voting for a plan you know will hurt people? That is wrong sir!
Oh Chuck! Don't pretend you are surprised by any of this. Your support of our president and his nazi friends caused this.
Their leader Trump gave them license to do this while Republicans enabled him! Too little, too late Republicans!!
Remember Chuck Trump removed these groups from the terrorist watch lists 2 weeks after inauguration. Trump is a Nazi!
It's unconstitutional  the Constitution  is the rule of law not some illegal  bill you zionists  pass signed  by complicit  murderers .
Thank you
So sad you say nothing about  organization that publicly states the only good Fascist is a Dead One & we promote criminal violence #Antifa
Are you afraid #Antifa will shoot you if you say anything about them? You cya but do nothing to protect millions of good patriots
Shame on you #Grassley!
Homegrown Terrorism is Antifa
Whites wanting to exist as Whites isn't terrorism or extremist
https://twitter.com/MrFrexit/status/900384643450535936 …
U R What is wrong w/DC and Congress.  Call both extremes homegrown terrorism or shut up.
While Trump remains in office youre ALL responsible. Impeach the purveyor of hate speech that energized these terrorists in the first place.
Hold the @POTUS accountability than ok? Stop with the Circa RW articles
chuck my dood tighten this twete up a bit would u
Is this intentional to keep it from being searchable?
And your bigotry in the Obama years is the was the start of the resurgence of this homegrown terrorism. We will not forget what you've done.
I don't agree with you on many matters political, Mr. Grassley, but I thank you for this unequivocal condemnation.
@ektrit It's a tiny fringe group-They make whites look bad- it isn't who we R! Sad that they've let racist leftists get 2 em
Then remove this @potus he colluded with Russia and supports racists.... what is wrong with the @GOP
How about having hearings about the rise in hate crimes?Yeah, didnt think you'd go that far.  Better to stick with just a tweet.  Coward
Thank you Senator. Now do something about the Nazis that occupy the White House.  Are you going to finally stand up to them?  We're watching
This is America 
DC police arrested people in wheelchairs for protesting  and in VA Nazis protestinh police do nothing, WTF
Chuck you and I agree on something
@joesonka strike out  against Antifa, Farakkan,  BLM, and the new black Panthers who advocate killing Jews and white people
So finally you republicans won't tolerate this. It was ok as Nixon's southern strategy. So we're the racist dog whistles.
Have you sent a request to the White House asking them to remove the White Nationalist Bannon Gorka and Miller as starters?
Yes
Intentionality misspelled it ?
Get real. The @gop and the trump crime family are the extremists. All need to go . . .to jail. And those who stand silently by. . To jail
The crime family left the White House months ago! #Hillary is tied to how many deaths? #obama murdered how many with drones? You are a fool.
Thank you for speaking out 
for the good of AMERICA, Sir.
You must demand
@GOP Congress to #ImpeachTrumpNow!
AMERICA cannot wait any longer!
Trump referred to violence from Antifa they ARE violent & threw urine bottles at police in Boston. Left created FALSE narrative Trump racist
Get him out of office amendment 25 NOW!!!!!!
GOP'S carefully nurtured base, Chuck. And why the scare quotes?
Then please push House to impeach and invoke 25th amend. or GOP is complicit with Nazi Sympathizers, willfully dividing our nation.
Stronger than Trump.
Explicit criticism of White Nationalists important. But explicit criticism of anti-free speech Antifa equally important. Speak on both!
@ChuckGrassley while I like you, you cannot lay all the blame on White Nationalist.  As a leader you should realize that it's BLM as well.
How is that? It was the town of Charlottesville that wanted to move their statue. So a 1000 supremacists carried torches, throwing them.
It was peaceful till antifa showed up
How bout those black lives matter& Antifa groups out there causing trouble? Are you tolerating them? Speaking out against them?
Goes for BLM and Antifa. Same applies for all or not at all
See Bannon is gone, GREAT News so how long you elected politicians gonna leave TRUMP out of control?????
Upon recommendation of @WhiteHouse I've reported domestic terrorists to YOU,@SenToddYoung @TheJusticeDept @FBIIndianapolis You did NOTHING!
Then schedule a hearing in the judiciary committee about it. Stop talking, start doing.
Thanks for your efforts 
But what took SOOOOOOOOOO long? 
The Attorney general NEEDS to speak up NOW!
Spine-up! This is specifically about Neo-Nazi extremists. WWII is our legacy against this horrific extremism. Action beyond 140 characters!!
This terror was nurtured and celebrated by our current President. #EvilWhiteHouse #ImpeachTrump
And Demand a condemnation to those that supported antifa and BLM.  Are they going to condemn the violence started by these groups?
Senator please show real courage. We know u don't support racists. But it's important you rebuke @realDonaldTrump for his statements.
Why are the few viewed as representing the many?Why no respect given but respect demanded? Elections are America speaking
Well now Mr. Grassley let's be fair n talk about the history of Antifa violence, ANY PLACE they show up they bring violence n destruction.
Astonishing that 150 yrs after the #CivilWar we're still at each others throats over RACISM BIGOTRY & HATE. Its time to Smoke the PEACE PIPE
You're a bigot Chuck. You sat by while people in your party accused Obama of not being American, and said nothing. Let's not pretend.
Action, Chuck.  Go talk to your friend Steve King about that.
Amen to that!! @SteveKingIA is the worst on hate of any other color than white & males! He's awful! Plain & simple!
I am starting to understand Grassley, I think I can respect him if not agree.
So speak up to the administration, then. Help stop this.
Would it be acceptable for our kids to talk or act this way? Of course not, not good for our kids how is it ok for Trump? !!!
Where was your voice BEFORE Heather Heyer and 2 state troopers died? WHAT ACTION ARE YIU GOING TO TAKE?
Thank you! Only impeachment will help restore the nation
@realDonaldTrump Speak up pres. Do it right. Remove Bannon Gorda Miller NOW
Well then DO something about it, impeach that bastard!
Mr. Senator, they're straight-up Nazis. Can you get the president to agree with you here? I'd feel safer if you could.
Thank you. We need MORE REPUBLICANS to stand up for Democracy and take this man from the WH. He is a Domestic enemy of Democracy
It can't be tolerated any more than any other domestic terrorist group: Antifa, Black Lives Matter, Communists, etc.
Please take them to court
Then why do you keep helping their leader? Do you want this to be your legacy? History is watching!! Are freaking tax cuts that important??
Republicans you've invited this hate and bigotry into your party and you can't escape from that no matter what you say now.

A for effort
Then demand @realDonaldTrump to get rid of @SebGorka & @StephenMillerAL from the @WhiteHouse
So will U be speaking out against BLM & ANTIFA destructiveness???  A march should been ignored no press!  Stupids
Will you call out your fellow Iowan @SteveKingIA for his part in stoking these rascist fires? Iowans are complicit if he continues to serve.
Impeachment time!
I bet this is the best you can do, even with the spelling issue. We get it. You're out of steam, irrelevant, swirling the drain.
What more do you want exactly
Where was your voice against BLM or Antifa? When they were beating people?  I didn't think so....
Looking for a pretext to minimize this?

Disgusting.
Please stop Trump.  Help this nation.
Please tell your @Potus to say that...please stand up.please
Bottom line, do you still support Trump 100%? Then do something about it. Clearly the American people don't , he does not speak for most...
You mean Soros/Deep State color revolution operatives don't you?  It's time to tell the truth!
You can just call them Nazis now, Sir.
Agree. What can you do about it? #impeach
Why does a US Senator write this way?
Thank you, Senator.  He's proven himself unfit domestically and as commander in chief.  You must remove him.  #ImpeachTrump
Grassley we don't want to hear any of your bullshit! Screw your words! We want YOU TO TAKE ACTION! NOW!
Why does @POTUS have terrorists in his White House? Why won't he call this terrorism?
IT IS YOUR BASE. YOU DID THIS.
DONT TRY TO DISTANCE YOURSELF NOW.
These are your Presidents base.
Tell that to @realDonaldTrump 
He thinks it was a clash between extremists. Not a terrorist rally with lawn torches.
Thank you for good comm
You're fanning the flames by enabling the King White Supremacist. People are dead now. When will you DO something about it?
Thank you, Sen Grassley. Please follow up with concrete action to oust the  documented white supremacists in the WH (Bannon, Gorka, Miller).
And beyond tweeting, what will you do about it?
Please explain this!  DHS halts planned funding for anti-white extremism group:  http://www.politico.com/story/2017/06/23/playbook-dhs-extremism-life-after-hate-239889 …
It is reprehensible, but so were the ANTIFA riots at Berkeley, yet no outrage. If you excuse the behavior of one group it emboldens others.
Then remove the man that is CAUSING this!!!! Stand up and grow a backbone NOW. #Impeach45
This needs to be stopped.Trump is the reason these stupid kids thinks it's ok to hate and display it, as they march yelling "hiel trump"!
He needs to go.stop covering up for him
Trump made it clear which America he would make  great again: the America of white supremacists. It's blooming under Trump.
The President has retweeted #Nazi propaganda repeatedly. It's time to #ImpeachTrumpNOW
google this idiot!! before calling it propaganda!!   figures are close to the national crime statistics list the FBI creates.

ok, my bad. The internet = always right. Data compiled by FBI = false. Got it. Believe everything that supports your opinion. dsrgard facts
You mean *this* FBI which is listed in my link? That does NOT support the White Nationalist meme that YOU believed.
Now follow through walk over to WH tell him it is time to go if not your talk is no better then the sound bites other spineless senators
You call it TERRORISM..AND YOUR RIGHT. WHY CAN't trump call it what is. Because he's beholding, not only to Russians, but WHITE SUPREMACISTS
Look I'm not a white nationalist but can you in good faith support the rights of black nationalist groups to march and not white?
Yes. And the #GOP brought it to us. You should all be ashamed.
You can't see the part you played in this by getting behind a Pres who fans the flames of hate? By choosing winning over country?
Glad you responded to the terrorism appropriately. Now please respond to the inappropriate spew POTUS has given us today. #BigotPresident
Seig Heil. Ein Volk, Ein Reich, Ein Fuhrer
Agreed.  So stop the rhetoric!
Please speak to your president and demand that he fire Miller, Bannon, Gorka who are the white supremacists in his White House. Our house
As an Iowan I want to hear you speak out against Trump and his off the rail comments. You have been too quiet.
You might want to wait foe your Trump talking points. This is on you guys.
how many mosques have you said that about?
Could you and @GOP also stand up to Trump?  He is soiling our party by treating Nazis as if they are identity politics.
Tell that to your hero Trump
Well Chuck, blood on your hands too for not calling out @POTUS hateful rhetoric. You are complicit. Shame on you!!
Not #onmanysides
Please call on the FBI and the DOJ to crack down on white supremacists. Law and order is what's needed.
Chuck is right about something for once.... But he couldn't do it without his trademark typo
lollll
I don't think I've ever agreed with a single position you've ever taken, Senator -- until today.
As I and others have said: nice words. What will you DO about it?
Thank you. I was beginning to worry about your moral center, but I think you are finally coming back to IA Common Sense. #MomWouldBeProud
Your most popular tweet! Thank u for denouncing hatred, racism & terrorism. The spelling & grammar could be improved, gives me a "chuckle"
Trump is growing terrorists equivalent to ISIS
This doesn't sound like a plan of action. You chair Judiciary. State your case. #emptywords
Learn how to spell, country hick.
Hold hearings. Demand POTUS call it terrorism. We need more than a tweet.
In that case, there should be no negotiating with these terrorists. They should be taken out by our military the same way we would ISIS.
Sir, something must be done. We are facing domestic terrorism.
What about Antifa? Where is the Left's condemnation of its hate group?
Deport them all
Remove the man tacitly supporting them or we'll assume you tacitly support Nazis too.
Stop equivocating and denounce neo Nazis, white supremacists and the KKK and the man who supports them-Trump.
Then stand up PUBLICALLY against Trump and the White Supremacists in his administration.
Without racists the GOP never wins another election. You and your party are complicit for leveraging their support for electoral gain.
THANK YOU.
Thank you.  This is Terrorism!
Your party has been fanning the flames for years you sir are an accessory
Sen Grassley, your suppose to represent me and other Iowans.  We demand the #Removal of #Trump and all his #Administration #Impeach45
Chuck I disagree/  It was opposition Leftist who became violent.
Yet you continue to support your president.  Message received loud and clear. #Charlottesville

Yet @GOP elected & supports bigot @realDonaldTrump & his white nat advisers like @SebGorkaPOTUS45 & Bannon. Buy a mirror @ChuckGrassley
Can you imagine IF a Muslim man or a black man had rammed into the Fascist protestors? OMG Trump would have turned red, not just orange!
Trump thinks WHITE NATIONALISTS are Boy Scouts.
Now what are you going to do about it? They're following, gaining power, hurting USA under the lead & words of Trump, Bannon, etc. Impeach.
Thank you for this statement, but could you take some time to spell check? You represent Iowans, and we can spell White Nationalist.
The problem is you and your GOP pervert in chief.  Has he resigned yet?
Will you attack non-white supremacists or will you be one of those cucks that only attacks white ones?
Then do something about it!!! Get rid of the white supremacists in the White House.
Tell that to Trump
It's the base of your party.
You are correct sir, but what are you going to do about Trump. These are his supporters. This rot begins in the WH.
Thank you, Sir!
Senator the Nationalists had a permit to rally. BLM and Antifa attacked them. Do some research sir.
#Trumpland ..

Another organisation hijacked by extremists .... NRA?

Openly calling for civil war? 

No condemnation there?!

#TrumpRICO
No chance @realDonaldTrump  quit whining & making excuses for white terrorism & Putin. So will @GOP controlled Congress grow a spine now?
BS. Americans have a constitutional right to be "White Nationalist." This was a criminal act by 1 guy, facts aren't in yet.
YOUR #POTUS @realDonaldTrump Fomented, Inspired & ultimately CAUSED this Yet YOU looked the other way. YOU are an accessory to this!
they ARE extremists...by your phrasing you imply extremism is something "other".  This mindset is BIGOTED and WRONG
Why r you not ALSO calling out black lives matter for their part in the horrors of the weekend?BOTH sides need to stop the violence. @POTUS
Your talk is cheap ... you support this with your actions on a daily basis !
Not near enough Senator
Since it takes two to tango I assume Any extremist you mean the left's people as well right?
I seldom agree with you, but I do now. Thank you for condemning white supremacy.
May not always agree with my senator, but he's right today.
No Curfew, no National Guard arresting everyone and anyone ? allmost as if it is meant to go on .
What side are you referring  too
Well see once we find out who the driver was. If you find out it's the left then what do you have to say?
Sir, Trump's statement has generated this interpretation, please insist he voices specific condemnation
You're a Nazi sympathizer
Don't just tweet. Act. Do something. Censure. Impeachment. Anything!!! This cannot go unanswered. He must be held accountable.
Thank you, @ChuckGrassley
Pass anti-nazi terrorism funding and statement of condemnation for white supremacy. Words mean little, take action.
And Antifa Senator, so disappointed in all who don't stand up for #truth
Implies racism not worst than other extremism. Not sure I'm ok with that. But it's better than silence

You sir, saw the real donald trump and you must decide if you are going to continue enabling "WN". I can't believe I have to ask this of you
thank you for saying what @POTUS would not.
