country before party, senator!
I agree he should answer Qs under oath on your committee
.@ChuckGrassley He had no choice. And there is a pattern here concerning #Russia.
If PGOTUS lies constantly, what motivation is there for Cabinet to be truthful? YOU SIR allow this "NORM". Stand up for us!
Shame on you for not having the courage to stand up for your country! Are you one of Trump's puppets now? Sessions has to go!
Congress needs to pressure Trump to release his tax returns
He committed perjury in his confirmation hearing. Recusal is not enough, I'm concerned you don't understand this. #Sessions
I'm very concerned both you & @SteveKingIA think this is ok, do IA GOP have no moral integrity, that lying under oath is ok?
sadly, they're all showing zero integrity and embarrassing the state of Iowa.
all too true & @joniernst and @RepRodBlum are right there with them, so much for Midwest values
Do your job - he needs to Resign-one sided Republican agenda-disgraceful
Sessions must resign. No trust. Lied.  Bad vibes on this. Do your job - hold hearing.  Next elections we will remember.
Iowa wants more transparency and accountability. Stop covering for AG Sessions. 
#DoYourJob start the hearings! If not, what are you hiding?
.@ChuckGrassley RECUSAL ISN'T ENOUGH. He lied under oath. Why do you keep pretending all this is acceptable?
I agree completely!!!
Which truth is Senator Grassley trying to hide and which fake news is trying to spread?
We do not think he lied under oath.  Good call in not recalling him to testify. This is a witch hunt! Needs to stop now.
JD did exactly the wrong thing by lying! This is a man who does not give second chances - she should resign! Its a disgrace
Insufficient
He should be removed from office and if yo don't think so you should be voted out.  #SessionsLied #SessionsMustResign
Standing up for a liar is not what a gentleman does!
next question for WH "bank of cyprus" mr ross?
Don't you think 5 people in the campaign having contact with Russians STINKS just a little? Do your job. He lied!
How dare you refuse to question Sessions further! He lied under oath & needs a full investigation & to resign! Shame on you!
Did I C a tweet about God? How do U sleep @ night? U & Rep R workers of the Devil! U will have 2 answer 2 God 4 what U do!
Guess he will be coming back to testify. #sometimessilentisbestoption
now you need to get trumps taxes and start proceedings to impeach him. Do Your job
I'm shocked Sir that you would condone a colleague that has lied to Congress and American people. There is more to this.
Amen!
TRAITOR! SESSIONS MUST FACE COMTEE! FEEBLE MINDED/OLD. TIME TO STEP DOWN.
He needs to resign.
Don't you talk about decency. This GOP must be the most corrupt govt the US has ever seen. Shame will be your memory.
"Gotcha ?" or not, you need to have Sessions return in person to the Committee...America is counting on you.
t's time for the Republican leaders to let us know if they will  be a doormat for Trump's diabolical agenda — or be patriotic
He LIED UNDER OATH.  DO YOUR JOB and ensure that Americans hear the truth.  We can have liars upholding our justice system!
Why are you trying to cover up for Sessions? He lied under oath! Stop excusing him! He needs to be questioned in depth!
JS had 1 job during his confirmation hearings-tell the truth! Enough of double standards! He is Sessions is NOT above the law
he committed perjury though. That's not okay.
.@karlbecker_com @ChuckGrassley  @kelly_instalove just 5 years ago, idea GOP turning a blind eye to Russian espionage would be unthinkable
Did you really refuse to have Sessions answer questions about his meeting with the Russian amb? Why protect him and cover up!
how dare you say 'Dems didnt have decency' to allow JS to clarify his statement? How dare JS LIE under oath to Congress?
Sessions is now owned by the Russians! Do we need a lying DOJ, a lying Psychopath President an GOP that bargains with Devil
No! what @jeffsessions did was lie! What happen 2 our Constitution? So U allow him to change the record? God is watch N U!
How do you know he told the truth without questioning him? #phoneyattackdog
Get him back your bff, to testify answer questions about his lyin' ways. Should not be about him, you, republicarps.  SHOULD BE ABOUT TRUTH
He lied under oath. To Congress, and to the American People. He has no integrity. He must go, along with Trump.
You are confirming the guilt of Sessions by NOT having him before the Judiciary committee. What are you trying to hide?
Are you Also involved with Russia? Why are you blocking Investigations? Are you a Patriot or a #TRAITOR
making Sessions look even more guilty of perjury by not calling him back to testify to judiciary committee #ResignSessions
If he weren't caught he never would hv recused himself! He's a liar! GOP is covering up all the crooks & liars. U own it now.
when does he defend his perjury?  Give him a chance
He lied under oath - he needs to resign!!
There has always been a conflict, he knew it, and should have never accepted the position. Stop defending, unbecoming.
I hold you & @SenMajLeader responsible. Pushed thru confirmation w/out allowing proper vetting. SHAME ON YOU BOTH!! SAD
he only *partially* recused himself and should be called back to the committee under oath to explain his perjury then resign!
You are following a Godless leader.  Trump is a prosperity Christian; materially wealthy, spritually poor .. God warns us
What are you hiding .. why can't he answer questions
.@ChuckGrassley Would you please put the country first?
These backward arse clowns are incapable...
Why did you reject further questioning of Sessions? #CorruptGOP #croneyism #RussiaGate
but he lied about it first. Under oath! Wtf chuck
Are you not going to investigate lies? You sir are tainted if you don't. #CountryOverParty
you have set the precedent. A person can now lie to Congress under oath without consequences. Nice work.
You are not recalling him? GOP = Party Over Country
You used to be one of the half-way good guys.  It's sad to see your decline into evil.
Recusal not enough. Plz don't let your personal relationship cloud what's best for our country. Citizens want it back.
Recusal not enough. #SessionsMustResign. He offered up lie unsolicited & in writing. Too feeble to remember mtg not qualified
It was just announced that YOU will NOT recall #Sessions to testify @senjudiciary committee. SHAME!! IOWANS WATCHING YOU!!!
.@ChuckGrassley He's a real hero I guess, doing what he says. Almost like he told the truth, well in that one sentence
Battle On  Senator
after the MSM uncovered the #lies from the AG, WHAT ELSE IS HE HIDING? #Russianpuppets #traitorsessions
Nope, he did not say that and he committed perjury during his confirmation hearing.  Nice try, Chucky.
What's holding up Gorsuch?
What about lying under oath and deliberately deceiving Congress? And he only recused himself because he was caught. Swamp grows bigger in DC
You called #Sessions "an honest & forthright public servant." As an egg expert, I can tell you there's one on your face. 
he already new he had a conflict when he was confirmed. Your hypocrisy knows no bounds. Did you get my phone calls?
A good start. Now tell White House recusal is ethical approach since they seem confused. Then look at perjury issue.
Hey! Everybody! Grassley thinks it's ok to lie under oath to Congress! (As long as the perjurer is a Republican.)
Thought you were an ethics guy, I guess that's only when it comes to Dems. When it's your team, you excuse it. #hypocrite
Corruption is rampart in the Republican Party.  Sessions must go. NOW.
actually, AG Sessions did the wrong thing when he committed perjury. Why are you siding with a liar and criminal?
not enough too little too late. #ResignSessions #TrumpRussia #russiagate We are not going away #TheResistance
I think the bigger issue is that he lied under oath & committed perjury -this can not be accepted from some of his position
He probably should have started doing the right by not lying under oath.
@greggutfeld @DLoesch - yes he did. Now where are the charges against Eric Holder? Or George Soros?
he committed a crime. Recusal, and supporting it, is supporting treason. You're complicit if you do. To DO. YOUR. JOB.
@twright55 Recuse not needed. There is no compromise. Gave Dems exactly what they wanted
Sessions shuld go before your committee & testify under oath why he lied to @SenFranken & didn't correct it until forced
You are shameful in supporting an AG who lied under oath.  Is he above the law?He needs to resign or be fired! Shame on you!
@SenJoniErnst you r both just as guilty as @jeffsessions if u don't demand resignation. U r disgrace to Iowans and America
When will you learn this is a ploy by the Dems to try to take out Trump's cabinet members. Stop buying in to their narrative!
he should resign and you know it. He committed perjury we all saw it. You r all hypocrites. You care for yourself only
-you should be embarrassed you fell for his lies. Recusal? How about perjury? Jail? Get tough chuck!
step away from the Trump hotel and listen to your constituents! We asked you not to approve this racist man!
if the tides were turned you would call for resignation. Don't be a hypocrite, be an Iowan.  #investigatetrump
what would you say if this was a democratic president and AG?
And you must do the right thing by pressing for an investigation.
If you allowed extra questions,maybe this could've been avoided.But you were so hell bent on protocol, here we are today!Thx!
only after it came out in the press. Same with Flynn. Something smells.
he lied under oath verbally and in writing. He needs to go!
you're better than defending traitors, right Chuck?
where will you draw the line? He LIED under oath.... But that's ok with you?
He. Needs. To. Go.    (And disbarred)
90% of Iowan's can disagree with you but you Don't Care!
Cover Up time for Sessions to Gp! He Lied to Congress People have gone to Jail for this!
no, the right thing is to resign.
He lied under oath sir. That is perjury...country before party please
He also apparently forgot to tell the truth under oath. You are a hypocrite, Senator.
Any other President would have demanded his resignation by now.
how loud did we have to complain? Why are OK with all of this? You do u derstand Russia is NOT our friend?
not enough.  He needs to resign.  He lied to Congress @ChuckGrassley
.@ChuckGrassley it's clearly NOT enough for the American people, sir. Please push for a special prosecutor. 
He needs to resign for lying under oath.  And face perjury charges.
perjury should result in more than recusal.
Take a leadership role..demand a independent prosecutor!!
what he needs to do is resign and there needs to be an investigation into this Russia business.  #growaset #russiagate
Respectfully, I think you are missing the bigger picture here...
- 
go back to tweeting about dairy queen
it took until he got caught in a lie!
he said he hadn't met with them. Not that he hadn't spoken about the campaign. Very clear difference.
he's totally unfit to be AG as he was to be a judge you better decide what's more important Country or Power
if he hadn't been caught though...he perjured himself. Ask him to resign.
Amazing, he is such an hero.
Perjury demands resignation, not recusal.
Perjury, you arthritic old fart! PERJURY!
do you even read these tweets people are very upset?
party over country I guess.
so you're good with being lied to?
shouldn't he resign if he committed and admitted perjury? Isn't perjury a crime? Shouldn't he go to jail?
The truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. How many people are in prison for misremembering?
lying under oath is called perjury suggest you take care of this situation
what are you doing with the other 2 besides Sessions and Flynn that met with Russians?
it would be better and more appropriate to resign.
when did you become such a lying political hack?
WRONG, HE LIED under oath!  If I did that I'd never get out of jail! Start doing your job !!!! 11-6-2018 GOP out
.@ChuckGrassley  Call for him to resign, otherwise you are guilty in this too Chuck... SAD!!

let's not try to brush aside the fact that u confirmed A LIAR n we told u not 2 confirm n u didn't listen to the people!
@jeffsessions @realDonaldTrump recusal is NOT enough. #SessionsResignNOW
I am sure that once in context, reasonable conclusions can be made
.@ChuckGrassley What does it matter what he said he'd do when he LIED UNDER OATH in the first place? Sessions must resign. #Sessions
hahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
lying isn't suppose to,be normal. Its how I lost my job of 25 years. They made crap up and called it truth. Shame shame.
yes except he forgot 2 meetings with ambassador which means what? Faulty memory, deceit, belief he didn't have to disclose?
he lied under oath, Senator. Please stand up for the people of Iowa, who deserve better.
It's hard to fathom how a Benghazi committee was necessary & one for Russia isn't, unless 1 or both decisions were political.
Also, perjury is unacceptable conduct for any attorney- especially the ATTORNEY GENERAL.
but are you okay with the perjury Chuck?

 “Assume Ethics Dead”
- Tweet of the Day
Do you suppose he should have told the truth in the first place???
He should have admitted his ties to Russian in December.  Is there anyone in the administration capable of telling the truth?
He lied about meeting Russias top spy recruiter during a Presidential campaign. A good question might be: Why?
He lied to Congress. Top law officer cannot be trusted to tell the truth. He must resign. Put country before party.
Srsly dude? He LIED. He said he didn't talk to the Russians, then you approved him, then he said he talked to the Russians.
do you understand what you are tweeting?
do you understand the difference between perjury and conflict?
he LIED! UNDER OATH! If he was a Dem you would be leading the pack calling for resignation. You all are losing credibility.
No, he cannot possibly be AG after such an egregious act of perjury.
Sir, AG Sessions should resign. He lied to your committee under oath. Resignation is the only way forward. IA deserves better
will be nice to see you go along w/all the republican cronies. Blind support for a racist perjurer is not acceptable
He should have done so anyway, but waits to get caught committing perjury. They are all so dishonest--aren't you worried??
So now you can investigate trump and block his pick for scotus. We expect you to represent Iowa
WHEN PRESSED , THIS WAS NOT VOLUNTARY , HONEST PEOPLE DO IT WITHOUT BEING PRESSURED . NOT SO WITH JEFF .HE'S SAVING HIS ASS.
I suggest you get ahead of this rolling stinking, rotten administration or it's going to roll right over you too!
did the wrong thing by lying under oath. Do you support that from your AG?
Yet, your meeting last night was ethical to tween about? A lobby in Trump hotel, asking for support in Congress? #Hypocrite
What are you going to do about your committee being lied to?!  If nothing, then you condone it & your credibility is gone.
what about the lying part?
As harsh as this assessment is, it's 100 percent accurate. Iowas reps have been shameful throughout this.
Why didn't urge him to do so earlier?
A tiny step in the right direction. Now Sessions needs to resign and an  independent investigation started.
The chief law enforcement official in the United States lied under oath.  Recusal is insufficient.
This administration will not survive. Drip, drip, drip.  More is coming and it's a lot worse than AG Sessions lying.
This is insufficient.  His interactions with Russian representatives should be investigated, and he should step down.
.  Sorry Chuck..the right thing would be to have actually vetted the man instead of blindly following a misguided appointment.
After he was exposed and shamed into doing it. So not a paragon of virtue, here.
It took public outcry for him to do it. Why don't legislators do investigations on their own volition? Afraid of the results?
your party needs to stop perpetuating a total false story. You all should be ashamed of yourselves for accepting narrative
Great job avoiding the issue all day until it resolved. Nice display of leadership, Mr. Chairman. #Heshouldresign
He's a coward or maybe the whole GOP is in cahoots. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
He lied under oath. The USA is a country that believes in the equal application of law. Sessions should resign.
I expect he probably will. Nothing but a drag on the administration right now.
The Russian Democrat Slippery slop of lies!
with all do respect Senator; he lied and was caught....stop playing politics. #iapolitics #CountryOverParty
For the record - you are perfectly okay with people lying under oath to YOUR committee - as long as they are your friends?
