#stopsessions
do your job! Your silence during the #MuslimBan is sending a disheartening message to everyone.
“The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.”
big deal, Senator. Do something real today--stop Trump and Bannon or you'll be remembered as a coward.
dead space
why are you not listen to the concerned citizens of lowa? Why are you not supporting people that need your help the most?
you don't have a M-F job, you work for us. Do your job. Represent us, fight against the Muslim ban & for the constitution
WHO'S DRAKE WHO'S UNI? I AM MAN U. MY BROTHER IS LIVERPOOL. I AM GER MY BRO IS BRAZIL N AGENTINE.
Muslim ban just a diversion. Real story: Putin/Trump/Tillerson oil deal. State Dept gutted to prevent opposition. Investigate
quite a number of Republicans have spoken out against EO. Would like to see an opinion one way or another.
Fairly certain there are more important things you could be focusing on right now.  Guess there are no Intl airports in IA
Trump is violating the right of freedom of religion by banning Muslims from entering the country and you are tweeting sports?
Shame on you for remaining silent in the midst of this unconstitutional executive order.
please don't confirm Mr Sessions bigotry is not part of our values
good to see where your priorities are. Not doing your job: #1 on your list. #nomuslimban
The nation holds its breath held over the hearings and you are Tweeting 8+ times about basketball? SESSIONS IS UNFIT!!!
don't let sessions in. What a creep
I grew up in Iowa and always looked up to you, but I am so sad that you were silent on refugees.  A sad day indeed.
Don't you have more important things to do today?
awesome. So... can you now call for a second hearing on Sessions?
Looking the other way is shameful enough, tweeting your disinterest in representing us is criminal #NoMuslimBan #IowaNotNice
As a former Iowan, your silence is a disgrace, "sir"!
Thrilled you're a fan. But how on earth can you tweet scores when @realDonaldTrump attacks our core values?
WHAT THE FUCK?  Are you kidding us? This country is in crisis and you're focused on this?
I'm excited for your Dallas County "visit". Some of us women want to "chat" (you dont write, return my calls or represent us)
Instead of tweeting about sports, the American people would like you to tell them your opinion on the #MuslimBan
you tweet this instead of what is going on...nice stepping up, this will be remembered come time for re-election.
our @POTUS is destroying our country, but Drake is playing, so those green card holders detained at airports can wait, huh?
Basketball is nice but can you say something about this "Muslim ban"? You used to be a good senator!
Thanks for the update.  I missed the game because I was protesting.   #MuslimBan
perhaps you should be addressing the crisis occurring in our country instead of sports scores. Pathetic.
what about the unconstitutional ban that doesn't cover areas in violation of #EmolumentsClause? Thoughts?
shame on you. Tweeting scores when you should be condemning the trump admin.  You will be replaced by a democratic
who cares about that? What do you have to say about legal residents being barred from reentry to the US? Silence...
Nice, Chuck. Now what about the Muslim ban?
This is what you care about? There is a constitutional crisis and you care about sports? Great oversight. #forwardnotback
so we are in the middle of a constitutional crisis and you are tweeting about sports? I see your priorities.
I am a sports fan, too. However, bigger things to deal with right now. @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC
Iowans are looking for your leadership as Trump tramples U.S. values. Banning Muslim immigration is religious persecution.
do your job. Speak up. Hold American values high.
Nothing on #muslimban Thanks for nothing.
Embarrassment as a Senator. @ChuckGrassley So glad you're tweeting about sports instead of the national crisis that is happening.
Respond to the ban or be voted out. Be responsible or be gone.
THIS is what is on your mind today? Shameful.
Seriously?????
we've got a crisis happening and this is what you tweet?
nothing else comes to mind, Chuck? You're a joke.
how about you focus on things that are important!
Really! You tweet about basketball? You should be ashamed of yourself.
Chuck, you are in the twilight of your career, are you really going to go out as a coward? Say something, already.
please represent me better in the future.
you can spend all day tweeting about sports while individuals lose their rights; disgraceful. #MuslimBan
you are worried about basketball as the Constitution gets eroded?
I see you've had several posts about balls now.  You have an opinion on the immigration ban or other topics re: your office?
. Read your bible....Leviticus 19:33-34
We know you know what is going on.  Awkward silence will not be deemed adequate when you are judged by history.
silence is consent. You will be held accountable for not speaking out regarding #MuslimBan and Bannon on the NSC
We're in a constitutional crisis, and you're tweeting about a game? Do Your Job.
could your office pick up your phone, since you're busy with the sports tweeting? Eh, chuck?
chuck... we have a constitutional crisis occurring. Stop posting about sports.
Please give us your statement. #MuslimBan
as I resident of Iowa, I would appreciate your opinion on the Muslim ban and politicization of NSC.
wow lots of tweets from @ChuckGrassley about sports,yet utter silence about #MuslimBan & mass protests across country.WHERE ARE OUR LEADERS?
Your responsibility to the nation is greater than this #MuslimBan #WeThePeople
.@ChuckGrassley What is wrong with you? You tweet about a stupid game when legal residents r being kept from their homes! Be a Christian.
This is What playing the fiddle while the city burns looks like in 2017, sir. A statement at the very least please.
Your heros ill planned travel ban blocks Those who saved US soldiers and others already vetted. Time for Congress to #resist
Maybe get a clue and plug in???
wow that's super. How about you comment on actual crises happening instead of sports. You are embarrassing us. #MuslimBan
Seems like @ChuckGrassley would rather be a sportscaster than a senator. #DoYourJob #MuslimBan
if you are more concerned with games scores than the #MuslimBan, step down and go work for ESPN.
Maybe you should apply at ESPN.  Sports scores are much more up your ally than standing up to the atrocities of your party.
How vile of you to enjoy the game while our Country is being dismantled by a racist. Trivial & shameful old man.
Sports? Nice priorities.  Do you even know what is going on? Your twitter feed is all sports scores.  Shameful.
#CheckedOutChuck as usual. Donate your salary. You've stopped earning it long ago.
Why the cowardly silent vote? I'm embarrassed of my senators for the state of Iowa. #MuslimBan #iowa
we need a response from you on Muslim ban. Why are you so silent?
We need to hear from you, Senator. Do you stand with #WhiteSupremacy or are you as appalled at the #MuslimBan as we are?
Democracy is being threatened and this is what you have to say? Didn't you promise to uphold the Consititution?  #shameonyou
when  conservative values mean something to again, let us know. Stand up and say something!!!  We're  waiting ....
Are you just totally #clueless about #national events today. Really??
how about you pay attention to something that actually matters and tell us where you stand on #MuslimBan
Chuck,did one of those balls hit you in the head?Our/Putin's POTUS is talking about "religious tests." What's wrong with you?
why are you tweeting about sports instead of Muslim ban that detained interpreter that saved American lives.
You are an embarrassment to all Iowans. Not a single word on the #MuslimBan, instead tweeting about sports. Beyond pathetic.
Are. You. Kidding?  The US is in free fall and you tweet about sports?
Last time I checked, we were supposed to have checks and balances. Do something Iowans can be proud of. #NoMuslimBan
Great score updating. Would love to hear your thoughts on @POTUS crossing the border to countries he has no direct business ties with.
Are you seriously tweeting about sports right now? What the hell are you doing? DO YOUR JOB!!!
Not happy to see sports are your priority today. Are you going to speak out?? Anything??
Tone deaf, senator!
your legacy is on the line and you turn your back on Iowa. You represent the state, not republicans, start acting like it
deeply disappointed by your choice to tweet about sports and remain silent on #MuslimBan.  I am a constituent. U lost my vote
Holy shit, what the hell is wrong with you?
Shame on you.  Your silence is deafening.
Do you know what's happening in your own country right now sports bro?
C'mon, Senator Grassley. You've got more courage than this.
democracy is loosing, though. #shame on you #history will not look kindly on you
there are more pressing issues right now.

lame. Sports are not the most important news when the world is on fire. #noban
tweeting about sports while our country's laws and values are shredded....pathetic!
Are you insane? Sports when people's lives are being shredded by the odious EO banning immigrants
Sir, how about a statement about the EO on the #MuslimBan now that the game is long over?
Seems like there was maybe something more topical than basketball scores to comment on today.  Thoughts?
#nowallnoban
You're tweeting about basketball and meanwhile we are blocking refugees because...?
can't even get through to leave a message for you. The ban is unacceptable.
the democratic fabric of this nation is being shredded by our president and you, an elected rep, ignore/tweet sports? 
.@ChuckGrassley Think you could take a quick break from sports to weigh in on our president setting fire to American values?
WHO FUCKING CARES.
You might want to turn on the news.
Hi sir, did you know that your president instituted a #MuslimBan today? How's the sportsball?
Anything else interesting to tweet about today?  Like the #MuslimBan?
the cheeto in chief is destroying America and you're at a basketball game?
chuck you're my senator and I'd appreciate if you'd stop watching basketball and do something about the racist president
you care more about sports than what is happening right under your nose on the White House. Get a grip on the #UnholyTrinity
How nice for Drake. What are you doing about Trump's unconstitutional executive order on immigration? You might read it once!
if you have time to tweet about basketball you have time to pick up my phone call.
your legacy will be one of standing behind a dictator who destroyed america. Oh well, keep watching 
we don't need you to tweet basketball scores, we need you to do your job.
Your bigotry is showing. This #MuslimBan is on your hands. Tweet about basketball, though- coward. Iowa is watching.
Most of us have the ESPN app. How about your POV on this refugee executive order? Doesn't seem to represent Iowa values...
and the world weeps.  Fight hate,  save me from your president
That's awesome. I hope you find time to chat with educators and scientists while you're in IA.
thanks for the play by play. You could take Brent Mussbergers job cause you sure as hell not doing yours. #do something
@DesMoinesRegister Sen. Grassley received $21,600 from Betsy DeVos to buy her confirmation. Everyone knows she's unqualified
Who cares. Get on the job.
u have time to tweet scores anyone can get on their phones but no mention of @potus attack on democratic values. Problematic
Good you can Do Sports at the Nursing Home!
dear GOD!  Please do something about the pipeline!  If you profit from this, Iowans will not forget.
was this lip service, or do you actually care about the rule of law and how the executive action should be used?
"The Constitution is threatened by the President's determination to take unilateral action."
Flip flop flip flop. Come on Chuck.
yep, and Trump is gutting everything the USA stands for #usedtovoteforyou
Are you going to stand up for what is right, Senator Grassley?
Oh well, tomorrow is another day. Sleep well.
