Can we get some public hearing on the GOP healthcare bill to take insurance away from 23 million or are you guys just too ashamed?
Your just another anti America. Dont like it here? Move somewhere else ill help you pack.
You're*

And refusing to hold hearings on legislation is what's anti-American, Brian.
I agree and refusing to investigat anything the corrupt dems did is unbelievable.
As a proud iowa voter who until this year voted dems . Iam very disap pointed in your lack of interest in  investigating  the dems.
I guess the 9 investigations into Benghazi and the year + FBI investigation into HRC was just not enough for you.
Your joking right? Those so called investigations. Well the sh*T is about to hit the fan on all the democrat's. Special council to look into
Donald Trump's own deputy attorney general appointed a special counsel to run this very important and extremely serious investigation.
Vote NO on the Healthcare Bill.
Awesome!!!
You need to vote against the healthcare bill coming up. No one should be allowed to take healthcare from constituents under cover of secrecy
With a better idea now of what's in it, I would like to reiterate that you need to help vote this down.
This bill would be devastating for the people you claim to represent.
Please don't go. Trump is/has not helped Iowa- he is very scary & he flat out lies.
Support our potus!
So you'll be there to vote against the secret senate AHCA, a bill you will not have had time to read, when it comes to a vote?
i love you, too!
Is that the response that you want from Ivanka when you say it to her?  You're a misogynist woman hater. Liberals would be ashamed of you.
O bless your little heart. I will pray for you!
My mom is dead.
The people of Iowa deserve to know what is in the new healthcare bill. Why the secrecy? How many people will lose coverage Senator?
Chuck, get the Republicans to stand up & get behind Trump. They need to work or Dems will get control again.
You haven't voted right yet
How can you have any integrity and support Trump?
He doesn't have any integrity. If AHCA is passed vote this jerk out of office.
Vote him out anyway, he's a lying, corrupt old SOB who cares about nothing but lining his own pockets. He's done nothing for IA in decades
Too bad most of your votes were so bad.
Vote no on healthcare bill. Shame on all you GOP for sending people to their death. Yes, you will be responsible!  #goptraitor
Shame is too mild. They're immune. But they AREN'T immune from being kicked out of office. And #heathcare is exactly the issue that'll do it
#VoteNo
You will lose politically if you shove this #AHCA vote thru w/o hearings! #realnews
I appreciate you asking the U.S. Department of Justice to investigate the Washington-based Fusion GPS.  Akhmetshin & GPS worked together.
and how do you feel about that now
I feel the same. The liberal media protects Simpson of Fusion GPS. When the media stays quiet, I assume that person is guilty of something.
or spit balling here, they might have NSLs blocking that...
This should tell you everything about this Russia conspiracy RINO.
Remember your old friends when you vote on this "Rich Man's Health bill"
You've also admitted you don't read legislation or even listen to your constituents before you vote. So your votes are as pointless as you.
You won't miss not listening to that idiot
Shame on republicans 23 million without healthcare
@maggieNYT @realDonaldTrump Just when Trump needs you, you let him down. Pity. No one else needs you anywhere.
Pls take a break because your votes hurt America.
Has your GOP pervert in chief resigned yet?
Chuck, are you into Rim Jobs?
Also, why would you associate w/ a #treasonous #mobster?
@realDonaldTrump tweets about his ratings. Not a word on the 7 sailors who died. This is shameful and you know it.
You will be voting against Republican healthcare bill, right?
Bahahahahaha. Bullshit. #deplorable tell the truth.
I'm a proud Iowan.  Congrats on voting record.  Must be frustrating to read ALT left diatribe.  Support POTUS.  Vote and hitch ride on AF1.
So you can vote to hurt 14M Americans with the SECRET healthcare bill?
Our senator's damn proud of his lousy votes.

Senators on both side of the aisle want Grassley to Investigate Lynch/Clinton email obstruction http://buff.ly/2snanlc  #covfefe #trump
Hope you step up against AHCA and vote NO.
What could he possibly speak on that would be of interest, anyway. Lies & drivel are all he's got. Stay home, Watch @maddow, @JoyAnnReid
You won't be missing much. Trump is a first class rube.
Tell your buddies to show America the Health Care bill. It is not honest that it is hidden Do your jobs in the light!
I hope you are not going to vote for AHCA which will cost millions of jobs and for some, their lives. Do something that helps more than rich
How convenient!
Support our President!!
Welp, seems like he's trying to throw you a career lifeline. Maybe you should grab it.
No worries Sen. Grassley,  Trump gives a lousy speech. You're not missing a thing.
Showing up for work when you really work about 6 mo a year. It's your JOB! People here asking about disaster AHCA work everyday all year
Just send a rubber stamp wearing glasses to Cedar Rapids and he'll think it's you.
Where is the investigation into Loretta Lynch?  Time for you to come clean - you don't support the people that elected this president...
Even Feinstein said Lynch has some 'splaining to do...your inaction speaks volumes to the American people...
The republicans have the house senate and executive branch and yet Trump is constantly having to fend on his own
Heard you are waiting for Pence...Sad...
Don't besmirch your proud record by voting for @GOPSenate's AHCA version without hearings, debate and CBO study. Iowa deserves transparency.
So what you have not missed a vote, most of which are bad ones anyway! Think of your legacy and put your country above your party, old man.
Why can't you vote remotely?
Grassley investigates whether POTUS can fire anybody w/o his and Di's permission.
So disappointed in your continued support of 45. As head of Judiciary, I expect you would weigh ramifications b4 supporting a criminal. 
Please approve all of your honorable colleague's, Dianne Feinstein, Judiciary Committee requests to interview witnesses.
Ditto!
Retire now and keep the record
My God, you can't even write coherently. No wonder you didn't read the http://AHCA.you  don't know how to.
Senator - respectfully request that you stand up for transparency in the legislative process for the AHCA bill including having hearings -
Yawn.
Is he saying he received a recorded phone call?  Seems odd to me that a Sen wouldn't get a personal phone call if a Pres wants a favor
20+ years in the US Senate... you're the problem buddy
Good idea @ChuckGrassley to not be around PrezTroll. Better idea to only vote for a healthcare bill that is good for people. NOT a tax break
Yes. I would say doing your job is more important than attending a speech
Stop wasting my Tax Dollars SABATOGING OUR PRESIDENT USE THEM FOR HILLARY AND LYNCH!
Thanks for prioritizing breaking the health care system over serving your constituents.
Just remember to vote people over party.
Not to mention you don't want to soil yourself any more than you already have,  huh, Senator Grassley?
That's impressive attendance and all but I really don't think you should be so comfortably still in office after all that time.
Maybe read the bill before the vote?
Very respectable record and ....very convenient excuse
@ChuckGrassley @maggieNYT @realDonaldTrump Was this the “honor of your life” to record that message?
Try voting for Americans once instead of your special interest. You e been there too long
Based on ur voting record I recommend u attend Trump's "election" rally.
@StevenTDennis @realDonaldTrump Uh....huh..sure that's it!
I appreciate your dedication, Senator!
Chuck, you have gone to a few World Russia Forums. How can we trust you? #TrumpRussia
Sen. Grassley, please remind colleagues that there was a reason for the sanctions,and to uphold them,regardless of what the president wants.
I thought it was because of early bed time.
RINO spotted
Does this indicate the hated #ACHA will be hurried through its vote this Wed?
Odd. I thought it was because you wanted to avoid getting the stink of Trump on you.
Uh huh ... right
As I told your staff: if you're TRULY Prolife you'll vote against Trumpcare. You've finally found the Death Panels; created in secret by GOP
So you're proud of continually voting for the destruction of the US? Great streak you've got there
R U planning to vote against the #AHCA since none have seen it & it is terrible for ppl? #medicare4all #realhealthcare #CountryOverParty
So you were around for the Clinton impeachment.   Lot less there than there is against Trump.   Country before party, please.   Do your job.
You should go and hand out copies of the @GOP #MysteryHealthcareBill 
Thanks for nothing Chuck
Just recorded a call for @realDonaldTrump 's Cedar Rapids speech Wednesday. I can't go because I haven't missed a vote since 93. 7900 votes!
That's your only reason? Yeah, sure.
Why would you go anyways? I supported Ted Cruz, but when they made Trump the face of the GOP, I left the party. I'm done.
Why did you vote against the Violence Against Women Act???
Yes. Thanks for that. I'm losing my  weekend job. More importantly the 600+ women we serve each month in Iowa will have nowhere to go.Bravo
likely haven't agreed on how you have voted , but Congratulations on that record! Please vote no on the secret ACHA bill !
Nice cover story
Brag Brag Brag.......but Glad You can't Make Trumps Visit to CR....Remember Hillary won Linn County by 10,000 Votes
That's AFTER you debate it, right?
I'm hearing some good things about you. Some say you might be in office 4 the people & not the president or party? Hope it's true. Watching
Wow... you don't even rank high enough to get a personal phone call. That's gotta sting a little after all the ass kissing you've done.
We all need to support our president.  If he fails, America fails.  Thank you for your work
Why are we not following Feinstein's recommendation and investigating dem issues that have came out of the hearings.  Speak up push back
Stop screwing trump. As a iowan if he goes so does most of the establishment. And i hate to say it that means you as well. Now do your job.
Time to grow a pair and start investigation of the true criminals. My former party. The democrat's.
since '93? good scam
You're a senator and you get a recorded phone call. Trump has no respect for you either. You're a sad shadow of a once proud man.
U rubber stamp everything.  Your voice doesn't count. U really stopped representing your constituents when u joined forces w/Mitch
#resist
Nope, not wasting a beautiful summer day watching him.
This sounds like the Sen I remember growing up.  Pls keep working with Sen Feinstein to get answers. Country needs it.
Why are you being invited Senator when you're on the committee that's suppose to being investigating that mobster? #Shame
Alleluia, Amen, sista'. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #Resist #Greed&PowerCorrupt
more important to read laws before voting. Hilarious you don't want to be seen w Russian spy
Just phone your "No" in.
VOTE HIS MAN OUT!! From Des Moines, iowa city, cedar rapids, ames. HE SUPPORTED TRUMP BEFORE THE ELECTION
Vote Chuck Grassley OUT of office for supporting Trump
If you go to his speech you will be shunned.
Did you take laundered Russian money from Trump's SuperPac? Thought so.
So when is the Judiciary Committee going to begin its hearings? Have you responded to @SenFeinstein's letter? Thought so.
@seungminkim @realDonaldTrump It's just the usual Klan rally...
ok senator, thx for the update
Read that Vox piece you were in recently. 95 counties? Yikes.
He only has open town halls in GOP strongholds. Don't let that stat fool ya.
Here we have more evidence from @SaraCarterDC from @Circa on #ComeyLynch #Collusion
We need to know answers about potential #Comey #Lynch collusion.
Yes, @realDonaldTrump 's approval ratings sinking fast. Need phone calls to try to get a crowd.
Not to worry...if I were in Congress & got a recorded invitation I wouldn't go either!! This is yet another example of @realDonaldTrump ...
thinking he is above the normal courtesies & protocol that human beings follow!! HE HAS NO RESPECT FOR ANYONE!!!
Too bad you'll miss Trump talking about himself. Maybe u should start distancing yourself from this disastrous administration? #trumprussia
Vote NO on Trumpcare.
How long will support a traitorous con man?
Voting to take health care away from 43 million?? I hope not.  Vote no.  Let us have hearing on bill
when will you rein in the police state ? FISA judges admit to violating 4th amendment : you do nothing
VOTE NO on AHCA. Are you listening to the people you represent? Please save healthcare for millions. No transparency? You are failing Iowa.
I think it would be great if no one showed up
Lately, I have seen you do a quiet revolt against Trump. Wish you were more vocal.
We need public hearings on Senate version of #Trumpcare.
Would that be a NO vote on #AHCA?  Otherwise, just go to Cedar Rapids.
Why does your phone always go to voicemail...VERY frustrating not getting a really person
Hmmmm. Mysterious phone call & vote coming up; based on thrillers I've read 2 things certain: 1) not only one who received call and
Other tricks will be used to have Senators skip vote
That and you're distancing yourself from @POTUS because you know he's guilty AF! #MAGA #AmericaFirst
History will not be kind to you, Senator
So many conflicts of interest involving Mueller, Comey and Rosenstein! Constitutional law is being broken. Why is this allowed?
"cool"
Yep. Gotta make that vote to rip healthcare from thousands of Iowans and bankrupt Medicaid. Nice priorities you have there.
Or maybe be you have wised up and don't want to be seen with a traitor? Smart choice!
Senator, I take it you did not get a personal invitation to POTUS's speech in your state?
That's an amazing record!
Why are you guys running committee hearings on something that has already been proven? Those taxpayer funds could be used properly.
'We have to pass it to see what's in it' @NancyPelosi 

I suspect most of you will hate the bill regardless of what's in it.
She said it but there was plenty of hearing hours on CSPAN debated over a year. Also on gov website.
Your constituents deserve public hearings on the Senate healthcare bill.
@ChuckGrassley et al clearly don't care about their constituents. They & their families have gold-plated health insurance for life.
Stop Mueller/13 Clinton Atty's. WE voters won't pay for rigged witch huntWe'll STORM .@TheJusticeDept 
I admire you for this. I pray that you are voting no on #AHCA Iowans need you. It literally could be life or death for some.
Thank you for your hard work. I will be in Cedar Rapids to show my disapproval of this administration. Please keep demanding transparency.
04/2015 You wanted info @TheJusticeDept regarding @FannieMae @FreddieMac earnings being stolen, news? #Fanniegate https://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/grassley-seeks-transparency-over-administration-decisions-fannie-freddie-earnings …
Keep supporting an obstructionist that promotes conspiracy theory against hard working Americans that protects us at the FBI and military!
.@ChuckGrassley STOP the Mueller coup against @realDonaldTrump!
Get your head out of the sand. You've been conned!
Appreciate your attention to duty over partisan distractions.
I wouldn't go that far.
Grassley is no principled "maverick", by a long shot.

Furrowed his brow a little over Trump's corruption, that's it
I totally agree there've been problems; Chuck is often an admin hatchet man. But I want to reinforce any positive behavior.
I can respect your effort, while not having much faith it will work.
Thanks for spreading the word about this Nazi rally Chuck
U.must be mistaken. Dem rallies are the ones ran by nazis same as antifa are nazis kinda like their funder soros
Chuck can you ask them to set you up to vote remotely?
