@SuzyBlueLady the most important issue facing America today Chucky
GOP priorities...
So, you saw no problem when the Obama's closed the White House to WE THE PEOPLE (indefinitely)? And also closed all monuments
<<<<Support our President or resign!
@educatorsresist they haven't found the light switches yet. They'll call when they have, be assured.
Looks likr reopening 12 MAR 17
where was your whining when Obama stopped all white house tours?
@Nikluk While America watches tRump and the GOP destroy this country!
is Twitter the best way a senator can communicate with the White House?
Guest stint on SNL also seems to get his attention. Or refusal to sell Ivanka's cheap, Chinese-made wares works.
so Chuck; need to hear about HUUUGE victory in november or record size crowds at inauguration?
I believe they announced starting on March 7th!
do your job and ask yerself instead of grandstanding. Do so work for a change.
your people got yourselves into this trouble. go fix it.
not until the mess is cleaned up.Too many people willing to leak information to the media.We don't trust some of the people
Congress's vulgar tastes so concerned with financial issues & platitudes rather than aesthetics don't need a White House?? @ChuckGrassley
Look at chuck Grassley. Doesn't know how to use Twitter & calls his wife Mrs. G. Sad!
Happy Valentine's Day! @ChuckGrassley
-- Whoever monitors Chuck Grassley's meds, YOU'RE FIRED!
hahaha!
Why do we even need tours?
As a United States Senator, this is your priority and the best strategy you could come up with to address it?
@m_nunziante It's not T's call, is it? What's he doing, redecorating? Sickening thought.

can someone in IA please help convince this dear man to retire?
Oh yes! God willing all these traitor jackasses get voted out!
I am a lifelong conservative, but have this question "Don't you have more important things to worry about?"
Yeah, hope he get's voted out!!!
They have to get the commode (not a toilet) fixed first.
The other WH is open, I here. Could prob get your picture taken with solder that carries the nuclear codes…for a slight fee
Whoever monitors twitter for Senator Grassley, maybe spend less time tweeting & more time listening to your constituents.
Good one!
this tweet doesn't make sense
WH tours r the responsibility of the First Lady. They have stopped since D new 1st Lady can't bother.
@educatorsresist Stop Senator. Get off twitter and do your job. You screwed Obama so stop the fake outrage. Or was it racism?
Trump will be gone again this weekend, so try then.
It appears that access to southern WH is available at $200k/head. Pictures with the football included.   @ChuckGrassley   @Potus.
Oh shut up!
She announced it for you this week! March
Grassley why don't you give Trump some time. Are the democrat attacks enough or are you part of the swamp????????????????
Disrespectful tweet,  were you drunk ? Apologize
Should in there be a White House where average Americans are not guaranteed a place to live? @ChuckGrassley
Jealous, look at Trump follower on his tweets compared to your tiny army of nobodies. Call up CNN fake news  unbelievable
Seriously? 1000 frm 7 cntry come into this country because of irresponsible judges & this is what you R worried about? Shame.
I don't know truck. She might created distraction for you to Rifle through the president's secret files.
Still no answer. How do you think we all feel about this Bat Crazy Pres. RElease his taxes yet and why not> What is he hiding
He is on a power trip..
Kinda SAD really..
He's lost most kids on playground.  Only the asskissers standing
this is THE PEOPLES' HOUSE!  NOT ONLY @realDonaldTrump sorry..
We bought & PAY 4
Not 2 mention him coming DISRUPTION s.fla
We have tried for years...... would love a tour of the WH where do we stand in line ;) ??. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Hey Senator Assley how about you get the @GOP to do the job they were elected to do . President been doing his part .
It looks like is not a comment from friend.
Not to be mean or anything but why is an 83 year old person allowed to have an important job?
So does Mrs. N! Reply from my congresswoman is "the WHVO cannot give a definitive answer as to when tours will resume." SAD!!
*45 doesn't believe in transparency. No tax returns, shady business relationships, compromised. Where have you been?
I you are disresptful to the President of the United States. Support Americas President. #TermLimits, #NoCareerPoliticans
watch It! We voted you in and are watching what you are doing too.
President Trump is spelled with a capital P.
Wht the hell does one have to do with the other?? They do both start with a T?
Tough on not getting White House tours. You #GOP are complicit with the #Trump band of incompetents. @iowagop #ThankYouTrump
Whoever monitors Senator Grassley's health have him checked for senility or a chemical imbalance
You going 2 insult him by calling him a businessman??  LOL u have been in Congress 4 241 years and havent done squat 4 my biz
have you retired yet, get a grip.
WHAT WILL IT TAKE FOR YOU TO GROW SOME BALLS AND OPPOSE TRUMP
Probably as soon as the damn liberal snowflakes and their minions stop rioting
ONCE AGAIN, DAN SCAVINO @DanScavino heads Social Media. Plez let POTUS settle in before demanding open WH. GIVE HIM A CHANCE!
What's up with your disrespectful tone? Only 3 wks in. U may have noticed he's been BUSY.
your terminology for WH businessman president is a little uncalled for ! sounds Pres. Trump has enemies in GOP. SAD!
are you talking to yourself? Learn how Twitter work if u want to use it 
@ReiserWilliam As soon as you in congress start to work at more than a show
me too!!
#ImWithMrsG #NoMoreHollywoodAtWH #MAGA #WeThePeople want a tour of our home @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #WH
- Are you kidding? There are too many nutty Democrat Fascists to open up White House tours. It's a burden to security.
Yeah, democracy is a burden.
@POTUS need White House open before spring break
@FoxNews so I guess it's a fair question to ask why people like Seth Rich get murdered by our government?
You should direct that question to Putin.
do you read this yourself? People are slightly upset #don'tdistractus
You are truly clueless.  Use some campaign ca$h and buy a tour.  Grifter Trump Inc. wants money, money, money.
maybe try tagging him? @realDonaldTrump
The #SoCalledPresident has also disabled the public comment phones at WH. What are Republicans doing to stop the madness?
Mrs. G may actually want to ask her own questions perhaps? It's looks paternal for Daddy to do it for her.
I run the account. I'll pass the message along.
why do keep tweeting like this? If you don't tag him/POTUS you have no chance of your Tweet being seen.
@DanScavino
if you want them to get the message you need to mention them in tweets with: @POTUS @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump
@Jimmyspolitics the very last thing you should be concerned about is a public tour of the white house.
@Jimmyspolitics get it together Sen G. This is not one of our top 100 problems right now.
Hey Chuck, you wanna try to do some work that benefits the state of Iowa for a change??
Question for Mrs G, what is it like to be married to someone who sold his soul?
Because that is the biggest problem we have right now....#Doyourjob
American people want to know about #Trumprussia
Isn't that @FLOTUS job description? She can't even find the time to see Japan's PM wife round town. 
Your priorities are awesome.
Better request...Whoever monitors twitter for @ChuckGrassley, please ask how he in good conscience voted yes for Betsy DeVos.
when is your office going to be open to the public? A lot of Iowans want to know
1600 Penn WH? Or self-proclaimed, Trump-owned "Winter White House" Maralago? Vomitus that he's trying to rebrand it for gain
I hope you believe in democracy enough to fight when Trump tries to delegitimize the electoral process and judiciary
This is WH Twitter Monitor: We have a private tour scheduled for you at 8:30AM on February 29th. Meet us at the front gate.
Get with the program. Trump doesn't care what you think. He played you for a chump. He was correct.
FLOTUS appoints the WH Visitors Office personnel. No FLOTUS, no tours.
....."However, at this time we do not have any additional details about when that might happen."
....method for accepting requests at a date in the future that is still to be determined.
From WH to my 82 year old grandmother AFTER her missed scheduled tour ...."White House Visitors Office will determine their..
@POTUS should've told my 82 year old grandmother he closed The People's House BEFORE she showed up for her scheduled tour.
you need to tag President Bannon with this request. His assistant @realDonaldTrump might be able to help with your concerns.
@FIRE_THE_FOOL @GeorgeTakei  Stand up and listen to your constituents! Who gives a shit about Mrs. G! #resist #Fire_The_Fool
Whoever monitors Grassley twitter; has he had a stroke? Acting like a lost puppy. #YoureMySenatorToo
Dude, you know these tweets make you look like America's crazy uncle, don't you? U R a US senator fer fsake.
after so many years as a Senator, I thought you would have learned how to contact @POTUS without Twitter?
These tweets are disturbing!
I know you're old school, Chuck...but public tour times are on the website. LOL
there are much bigger problems is the US right now but if you don't tag @POTUS The WH won't see your tweet #wrongpriorities
get off the internets grandpa
So I take it you don't like @realDonaldTrump?
@MunworthCrowell As soon as the Extreme Vetting policies are fully in place and you surrender your social media passwords.
drafting a new policy paying for WH tour. Trump spending campaign money personally and rebooted campaign website for $$
Hey Chuck, the WH will re-open for tours post-impeachment, so figure March or April Fool's at the latest. Thanks!
when a contract with a Trump merchandise vendor is secured
who voted for this guy??
They revoke your invite Chuck?
It's the first Lady's job, for some reason, to staff those positions.  I'm going to say no time soon, Chuck.
- Whomever monitors Grassley account please take it away frim him.
I have a request in with my respective also, for April. Waiting...
We are at war, have an immigration crisis, a heroin epidemic and Nat'l Sec. Advisor committing treason. You want a WH tour?
Flynn did not commit treason. Plz get a grip.
@IowaSEA could you take time out from the statehouse protests today to teach Grassley to tweet? Check your priorities, Chuck!
instead of saying "whoever monitors twitter at WH for businessman president trump" you can @ them you coward @WhiteHouse
this will also allow you to have more space and use correct grammar
either Chuck is off his meds or his account has been hacked or both...
you just had lunch can with him last week, why didn't you ask him then? #DoYourJob
if you really want to get #45's attention, do your job and start the confirmation proceedings for Merrick Garland!
nice distraction but this is just going to 2 more issues you'll be accountable for-not able to reach POTUS & IA doing ur job
there's an actual woman who will go near your unforgivable ass?!
maybe you should have just retired.
.@ChuckGrassley There are constructive ways for Senators to contact the @WhiteHouse. Trolling should be reserved for so called reporters.
@BernieSanders has questions also I'm sure. Why he attacked @senMcCain & @SenSchumer they should have an apology from DT.
Have you been hacked?
are you hacked?  You may want to contact Twitter if you are... 
#Hacked ?
@SenJohnMcCain Maybe you could help our Iowa Senator with his problem of not being able to reach @POTUS, he has grievances.
You would be a strong ally.  Join us and #Resist!
This is what concerns you and Mrs. G. about the Trump administration?
Hello, I monitor Twitter for President Trump and I can confirm that the White House is never going to be reopened for tours
@RaulieGonzo
You are the 2nd most powerful Senator yet you have been reduced to a pleb like rest of us to get answers from your POTUS SAD!
@SenSanders @SenWarren Could you please help our IA Sen Grassley, he can't reach POTUS, he seems really angry & wants 2 talk
.@ChuckGrassley Pres. "Art of the Deal" Trump doesn't give anything away for free. If Mrs. G wants WH access, she needs to make him an offer
Well you could buy membership to the "winter White House"/ war room. Then you get to see it all.
If you're joining the #RESISTANCE now, welcome! Please use your power as a senator and not twitter to resist & make change.
Maybe actually investigating him or voting no on his agenda will get his attention...
If I can't visit Donald I'll come visit you Chuck.
when is your vote not going to benefit the highest bidder? Iowans want to know.
Why don't you go on the Senate floor or national media & make these demands? Chuck "The Pretender" Grassley
#coward
when are people on social security get the same rights that work all there life. As people on welfare they get drugs free.
again Mr Grassley, it's @POTUS @realDonaldTrump why am I doing your job for you?
Send Donald a tweet.
when will you respond to my messages 2ur inbox. Now i  U all dont care about poor ppl & less fortunate Death is the answer
If you don't tag @POTUS then you are telling into the wind, only pretending to take a stand. This is all a show & you a joke.
When they have successfully completed the fumigation for the stench. 
Chuck!  What is going on?  Is he not responding?  Is this you trying to #resist?  Are you not feeling well??
chuck's people r feebly trying to "document" that he's asking the tough questions of President. How senatorial
Trying to give him the benefit of the doubt. He used to be a reasonable person
that's why his actions are so disappointing
this is now a recurring theme? As an R senator you have no way to communicate with the WH? Relying on tweet monitor? Sad!
He needs to start tagging @POTUS and @WhiteHouse - at the very least
these could indicate Chuck is PO’ed with Trump. Has been ignored on issue(s).
I know - Am trying to balance anger with what Grassley has done and glee he sees the light.

