Anthem was opposed to the ACA before it became the law.  Ask Elizabeth Fowler.
Did Trump write this tweet for you?
Yeah good thinking Chuck, why not help @SenSanders with his healthcare plan?
So get off your donor-suckup butts and give us #MedicareForAll. Or maybe, we dump you out of office when all the people you toss off ins...
Come up with a real plan that helps the poor, protects pre-existing conditions, does not give huge tax breaks to the rich and we'll listen.
stop this death spiral lie. We see you. GOP has all the power to fix what's wrong with the ACA. Hypocrite. Liar. YOU!
GOP's fault. GOP refused risk corridor, has refused to do anything but try to F up ACA for years. 7 yrs,no plan.Stop being petulant children
It's Not Obamacare at Fault its The Insurance Companies......CEO's making to much Money.
How about we get the same quality and cost of Healthcare that you do???
Lies, lies and more lies, not alternative facts.
Quit watching @FoxNews @GOP HAD 7 YRS TO CREATE BETTER ACA REPLACEMENT & NOW? NOTHING BUT #wealthcare & #Trumprussia & #MaraLago @SenateGOP
it's the insurance companies that you need to work with !!
You all need to go next election !
Do your job and stop with hyperbole. Work with Dems to repair and improve not replace. Care about citizens
Chuck, meanwhile privatized Medicaid is out 450 million to be repaid by taxpayers
your dear leader isn't the only one to call people names
Then do it. Quit complaining and actually work. Can you reach your boot straps? Earn your money.
Has more to do with failed merger
chuck - you old Out of touch geezer.  Time to head into retirement
No. That is because @SenRubioPress passed budget rules to gut risk corridors https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2015-11-25/marco-rubio-didn-t-kill-obamacare-but-here-s-how-he-undermined-it … /1
And because insurance companies are playing with politics to get their way in mergers http://www.cnbc.com/2017/02/08/us-judge-blocks-merger-of-anthem-and-cigna.html … /2
you are cherry picking lawnmower man.
It's a set up and you know it
.@ChuckGrassley then why not come up with a better plan rather than being divisive?
i am iowa. iowa is kind. iowa is compassionate. you are a disgrace. you are evil. you are working against your constituents' best interests.
you should be going after the insurance companies for trying to price people out of being able to live instead of Obamacare
Then stop giving them tax breaks already!
So who is paying for this "thought" experiment Chuck ?
err .... "Investment"
http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/why-is-the-obama-administration-trying-to-keep-11-000-documents-sealed-20160418 …
$FNMA
#fanniegate
#mortgage
@POTUS
Why haven't you come up with anything in seven years that members of your own party can agree on, hypocrite?
that's impossible,the Democrats said Obama care works great!wait for implosion
Republicans have all of the power in Washington, do something about it!!!!!!  Earn your money Sen. Grassley!!!!!!
this belongs to Democrats
Are you listening to your constituency?
What does that mean? When will it happen?
Never a clue
Good job on investig Fusion GSP as per 3/24 & 3/31 ltrs.I won't be surprised if Russians were behind Anti-Trump dossier.
more evidence repub and dem ought to stop the repeal mantra, work to improve cut cost to what we have.
Then do it.  Only this time come up with an acceptable plan that works instead of the last bill.
the way to make health insurance affordable is to cut the layers of profit.
not so! Just more evidence of your plan to kill it is working
with Medicare for all? Single payer please.
You know this isn't us vs them game anymore. American lives/way of life being threatened fr w/in the WH. History won't recall you well.
You know not true. Pull outs becuz fixes needed. Why's everything you tweet so mean-spirited/against what Iowans overwhelmingly support?
You know why they're pulling out. And if you don't ask @marcorubio  , you healthcare subverting animal.
Your party's change in the CR made it less stable and caused our deductibles and premium to go up then you turn around and blame ACA? Shame
We need Medicare for all.
Get together with your Dem. colleagues and come up with something better!
Compel the house ideological zealots to do their job.
Single payer!  Take profits out of healthcare! Single payer!
Are you can be a leader and fix it...is this really what we elected you for Senator? Find a solution
Wrong!
Whatever helps you sleep at night.
Fix it Grassley!  Learn your lesson from your town halls¡!!!!!!!   Does not need to be repealed!
A death spiral the GOP is causing. Like Aetna in Florida? Keep it up people are WATCHING. #COLLUDED  #COMPLICIT
who cares about us. You have insurance for life.
"Death Spiral" is false scare-tactic rhetoric and we all know it. Work FOR the people for crying out loud!
Americans are sick and tired of "repeal and replace." Overwhelming majority want to keep & improve ACA. Enough with the campaign rhetoric!
I don't even have words for the contempt I feel for you over this.  You are less than nothing. Resign.
horse hockey. There IS NO death spiral.
Then do something about it!We need some affordable health care. Everyone should have what you have access to.
Totally agree, but you all need to sit down and work out a good deal, it can't be rushed now.
THE SANE Anthem that works at the WH
And NOW IN CHARGE OF ANTITRUST ?
More info please...must know...article link or source...Thank You
Maybe they are trying to buy another ins co,like Aetna did when they pulled out? All this comes with your blessings,right? Act, don't tweet.
I am so angry at you.Go out and talk to real people!!! I hope this ends  your career. I truly do! We need people that care!
There were people going bankrupt or didn't have insurance before. What the hell is wrong with you people? Instead of making it better?
What the hell is wrong with you? Why do you hate the American people. People are clinging to this by a thread. You would prefer this? Really
Quit embarrassing our state Chuck! The dementia is showing along with the lying.
Liar!
Blow me.
Try working FOR AMERICA, Chuck. For the people! Not just "Boy, I really hate that Black guy".  Last I heard its ALL OF US.
more evidence for single payer universal health care. Profiting off the sick is sick. #heathcareforall #ACA
I think it's time to fix Aca so people have health care instead of scarring them talking about death spirals.
You lie. It isn't Obamacare that's the problem. It is you congressional idiots and insurance cos. WE LOVE ACA! Stop your damn nonsense!
#NRA #AssKisser
tell the truth!
they have not formally pulled out. The article indicates they are leaning towards pulling out. Nothing definite yet.
You & the GOP go on about defending US from terrorists. How many Americans will lose their lives w/o healthcare? Guess!
because execs were too poor providing insurance?
Keep doubling down on killing your constituents, you can't lose. Signed, someone who very sincerely has your best interests at heart
You'd love that, wouldn't you?  Politics above people!
Do something constructive u political hack. Here's an idea: RESIGN/RETIRE. 
We need universal healthcare like all the other modern countries have. This is not 1950. But then u wont get your payola from lobbies.
you know, with how much 45 lies, you would think that you would know better. Lead, don't spread falsehoods.
Oh yeah and we're not a stupid constituency, you bank on them to vote for you which I understand but we the people can see through your lies
Considering the CEOs, COOs, CFOs, of all the major prioviders are republicans I don't see why this is news to you, they are doing as told
What is really evident is greed on the part of insurance companies. The first move they make when receiving a claim is 2 dispute it.
Give it a rest Chuck. You have failed in your job. Go home.
If you would help repair and reform instead of cheering collapse, people would suffer a lot less.
Um, then do something? Republicans are in the majority, Sir.
So the GOP comes up with a plan that  failed because it was too cruel and not cruel enough. Good work Grassley!
you guys couldn't get it done.
You couldnt deliver. All 3 branches and choked. Incapable of governing proper
It's embarrassing how deceitful you are. Don't run again, please.
Or that GOP is working in conjunction with insurance companies to bring it down
you can repair without repeal. Duh.
Ask Wellmark/BC WHY they never got in....Do your job, meet to find resolution.
Fix the problem with ACA. NOW!
Are you listening to Iowans at all?? These insurance companies are crooked, and we need medicare for all to stop it all.
None of these idiots are listening to their constituents. They only listen to people with money. That's why they need 2B voted out of office
You represent all Iowans. When are you going to do a town hall in Polk Co? Quit lying.
Aren't the 26 year olds (and younger), being covered on their parents' plans balancing out the older ones on the exchanges?
Retire! Now!
Play the blame game because Repukes can't pass anything! 
They shouldn't have the option to pull out! They stay in or close down grow some balls
As a member of Finance Committee, you're in a great position to support Sen. Cassidy's well-thought-out Patient Freedom Act, S191. Consider?
Listen OLD MAN.....your career is in a death spiral and you will be repealed and replaced.
We only want the same insurance you have. Please help?
Chuck you are coordinating with the insurance companies to pull out. I hope we get single payer because insurance providers are too greedy
Aetna pulled out for revenge on the courts. It's all about greed
Big Insurance is a cabal and they are bullying to get more $
Time that healthcare 4 the elected, paid for by the ppl they won't provide healthcare to, is rescinded - until they provide it 4 every 1.
excellent idea lets go with that one
Why don't you use your seniority in the senate to do something to help fix the issues - rather than assisting in destroying it?
Are you good for anything other than squealing and squawking?
What could you do to shore up the ACA? Do you think you are capable of getting rid of Rubio's poison funding pill, bring premiums back down?
Do you need another 7 years for this try?
I hope they all pull out. That's good enough for rep oposing Pres Trump trying to repeal and replace obamacare. I have $200  after paying HC
u thght so bad why didnt you GOP do something for the last 7 yrs? http://ln.is/www.healthline.com/h/AWMlY …
Help it don't hurt it - you are helping kill people for the sake of tax cuts for the rich - you're better than that chuck
The GOP are causing this problem. Why are deliberately undermining healthcare for 24 million?
Stop it! Just stop the finger pointing!!! You have the opportunity to improve ACA but would rather bitch and moan.
They are just greedy like all the rest of the insurance companies. Not enough money was going to them. Insurance and be not for profit.
Medicare for all,Chuck!
Great! Can't wait to see the plan the @GOP has been working on these past 7 yrs. I bet people will love it.
Actually that's proof we need a single payer system.
More evidence to keep and improve you disingenuous dinosaur
Let's focus on outcome based metrics. When people are healthier we will celebrate.
What's your grand plan chuck take 12 million people off insurance
Greed has a place among those who profit .  How much are they paying ?
If your going to worry about Clintons security status maybe you should worry about Pence's also. Both had private email servers.
No, it's more evidence that health care cannot be a for-profit system
chuck what am I going to find in Yr AskJeeves searches,,,if yr honest I won't be mad but if u lie you get the drone again
well that means I now will have no choices. So When are you going to repeal the law?
Quit lying to me Chuckles.
You guys had 7 years to come up with something. Why not keep what works and fix what doesn't?
Trust you to LEAD.  NEED TO HAVE PRE-EXISTING, ACROSS STATE LINES, GROUP HEALTH BY OCCUPATIONS & LOWER AGE ON PARENTS INSUR. GOOD LUCK.
Your GOP-controlled Congress chose to defund the risk corridors. Please refund them so people can get insurance choices again.
Exactly!!
#WeDemandFreeStuff
#WeDemandGovtControl
#15PerHourOrBust
Not to worry Chuck, the Repubs have the House, Senate and Whitehouse. It will be done within the first 7 days of Jan 20.
Time for Medicare for all. Majority wants it, do something the people want & not the Corporations.
The CBO thinks differently. 
Of course, you are not interested in facts, just in propaganda.
Do you really think it's your job to tell constant lies to your constituents? Do you have any shame? Why do you hate #America?
SABOTAGE SABOTAGE SABOTAGE SABOTAGE SABOTAGE SABOTAGE. WORK FIR TGE PEOPLE. NOT THE CORPS FILLING YOUR GREEDY POCKETS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You mean single payer right?
More evidence of the @GOP and insurance companies screwing America. Good job!
STAY strong Grassley you know Real truth will come out. GOD BLESS THE Usa
In 7 years you have yet to come up with a replacement.  Try working for the people and not your corporate sponsors.
Hey Senator - why not restore risk corridor payments? Anybody wanna talk to the Humana CEO, under oath, about why they bailed?
8 years you had to get a plan together but no you don't know how to do your job just how to blame others sad!
What are you doing to improve the plan?  Stop the jabs and offer solutions.
if only grassley sr. had pulled out
Why don't you push for Congress to approve of the health care YOU approved for Congress good enough for you good for the American people!!
exactly what Americans need to demand or not pay taxes to pay forcongressional healthcare
how stupid do you think Iowans are!!!!!
Fire your extremist advisers.
So fix it you asshol
Then fix it! People need healthcare!
And, we know why Anthem pulled out.
Stop insulting Iowan's intelligence and memory, Chuck!
You are irrelevant and need to lose your seat. You have been in Washington too long.
and the GOP controlled senate did not fund aca mandates. Starve the child then exexute for poor performance. NOT STUPID CHUCK
We need to REPEAL and REPLACE @ChuckGrassley you do not represent the people of Iowa any more.
That's on u bud.  If u really cared about the ppl in your state u would make an effort to bring in new insurers like NH did! Act like a Ldr!
"Death spiral" @GOP and ins. cos. are engineering. @GOP continuing to sabotage ACA. We will not forget. Get to work to fix! #8yearsnoplan
When will you get off the suicidal Repeal&Replace train and start fixing the problems?  If the O name is so offensive, then change the name!
Lie & you know it. Iowa & this nation will be better when you're put out to pasture. You used to be honorable. Now you're a partisan hack.
There's no death spiral despite @GOP efforts to enrich cronies at the expense of poor & midclass constituents. ACA: you broke it; now fix it
Stop lying! and obviously repeal is too difficult...how about "REPAIR"
The GOP won't repair. They just do not give a fig for their constituents. That's obvious from all the diabolical bills they are passing.
As for the ACA, fix it! Stop trying to destroy it. You think we won't remember?
Just fix it. Rename it. We all know you hate it because Obama's name is on it.
Who encouraged them to?
"Proof"
Did you vote to keep trumps tax return secret? GOP is sheltering a traitor. That makes the GOP traitorous.
Reminds me of your "death panels" b.s. 8 years ago. AKA: The moment I lost all respect for Chuck Grassley. #PartisanHack #LiesLikeTrump
Single Payer Universal,  direct, no insurance execs "helping" with medical decisions.
that may help docs give patients meds they need
Whenever I get a flat tire I burn down the whole car.
Do your Job!  Fix the ACA; no to repeal.    Have a little empathy for hard- working Iowans.
