
Look...it's Al Franken!
no its the racist clown inarticulate senile Iowa senator
with your support for whistleblowers, how do you support #gorsuch who ruled against #maddin?
If that's the "best" reason you have for voting against Neil Gorsuch, you need to take a seat and stop sounding foolish.
Thanks for letting me know I can take a seat but Grassley wrote a letter to the pres asking to support Whistleblowers.
Exposing surveillance of foreigners that might capture an Am. citizen name is legal; unmasking the citizen's name is not.
you're not even referring to the case in mention. Thanks, though, for the tips on legality.
Hillary was grilled for 13 hours by condescending misogynists. Didn't flinch. Privileged superior old white man.
Hillary is a well-practiced liar...and probably wore a catheter, too.  She perjured herself to the Benghazi Comm.
Can't believe the no. of young leftist trolls here.  At this rate, Soros will go broke paying them to be nasty smartasses.
#votethemout
@NicDP Vote NO on the AHCA-an Iowa constituent
a new rule would shorten this entire process by days: topic can only be asked to him once. Same ?s being asked 50 dif ways
You're "spot on," but I guess that the Dems don't care if they just sound ridiculous...and petty.
Gorsuch Should Never Be on the Court! No Humanity!
What a load of fresh, wet, unadulterated "Bravo Sierra."  Did you even listen to his opening statement to any of his responses?
9 hours? !?  How did you manage?'v Note: Someone making minimum wage getting your food fro a field would have earned $65.
get over yourself and get real about HONESTY, PATRIOTISM, and SERVING AMERICANS. No SCOTUS during POTUS FBI investigation.
who cares what time u run. I care about how our countries republicans r trump zombies spreading lies & have lost integrity.
Wow...you emphasize your ignorance with such certainty  You've obviously been overserved the leftist brand Kool-Aid.
I would not tell Russian intelligence where I was at 4 a.m., if I had your position in confirming Just. Dept. investigator of #TrumpRussia.
did you just admit to not doing your job?
U don't know your politicians Sen Grassle runs every morning to keep in shape whether in D.C. or on the farm
he has no farm in his home town of Richmond!! Gorgeous home there though, to be sure!
4 him 2 claim farm subs doesn't he have 2 own at least 40 acrs& show that u  farmin or lease U do n MO
that's not English
if going for a run is more important than doing the job you were elected to do, go ahead and step down.
You work 2/3 days a Week at Best! And you can't work One Whole Day!
@ChrisCuomo  ...You already ran...from Chris Cuomo's questions!
How 2 prove u have stamina when u have no stamina? Try 2 impress by saying u run at 4am. Ooooohhh!
Not impressed.
#RESISTANCE
can I skip out on work early so I can go to bed when I want too? #DoYourJob
Wrap this up tomorrow.  We have seen enough, vote 2 confirm asap. Save what little dignity Durbin has left after his flogging
who cares? Do your job! For a change!
clearly the same standard is set for #Trumprussia investigation
I have worked over 30  12 hr days with No days Off Many Times!  You are a Joke!
I worked Many 12 hr + Days for Work! I worked a 40 Hr+ week You show up 2/3 days a week!  & Tweet & watch TV at " work" !
@Citizens4Trump your paid to set there & run things, so obviously your over paid & too old to cut mustard
@Citizens4Trump thats the way obimbo inc dems handle everything. Just proves this hearing big waste of time will be confirmed
I can safely say a 9pm bedtime would not make me run at 4am. Well played Senator.... @ChuckGrassley
After 9 hrs of chairing Judic Comm SCOTUS hrg I handed the gavel to Sen Tillis Thx senator for taking over so I can run at 4 in the morning
So masculine...TMI
 so privileged
is there a vomit emoji?
please do the people of Iowa a solid and retire. 36 years is ENOUGH! You aren't a conservative.
Run Forrest Run ... away
Try taking Imodium if it's that much of a problem that you're losing sleep
Kudos for your running...not so much for you doing your job, sir.
so your running routine is more important?
Grassley  MELTING ON NATIONAL TV is not a good look for u CHUMP

HE IS AN angry little man
tom tillis is #CHRISTIAN_TALIBAN
do your job.
Don't run alone. Too many democrats are out there.
and they call my generation lazy #doyourjob
This was more important. Every American value is turning into joke under Trump, and you're just another clown.
The country is under attack by Russia and you turn over gavel so you can run tomorrow and tweet about it. Do your job!!!
this job is too hard for you.  resign.
Do your job!
running from your decision to block Garland's nomination?Not sure how you show up for work after what you've done.
do you support all Iowans or just republicans?
some people retire from their job when they lack the stamina to fulfill their duties.
yessss 
Chuck most people work nine hours in a row. That's called a job. Try doing it year round.
@qctimes I had no idea that ALEC and Americans for Prosperity and the Koch brothers also insist you run. 'Run,Chuck,run!'
How do you justify hearing for nominee from president under FBI investigation when you refused to do right by Garland?
Garland was a moderate chosen thoughtfully to address SCOTUS needs by a president duly elected to two terms.
you're embarrassing
Running is more important than working?
@davidshepardson Bleh...I want to smack his face but I am lady.
Did you ever get in touch with Trump?  If not do you want me to send him another twitter message?  Let me know.
@TPCarney where to!
SHHH. SECRET MEETING,SENATE GYM, 04:00.
@TPCarney most americans work 9hrs or more then go home cook clean take care of kids do h.w. and dont have
you can't run from the shadow of Merrick Garland or Vladimir Putin except early in the morning!
Sir, with the FBI investigation looming over the president we Must postponed this hearing. The country must be preserved!
history will judge this! Not looking for you cg
#GarlandNotGorsuch
run back to Iowa and retire you Merrick Garland obstructing GOOF.  Crooked Trump Russian Republican.  @POTUS @SenateMajLdr
Go to bed Chuck.
Poor Gorsuch! This is inhumane
