it's YOUR job to hold him accountable. Get your colleagues together & do it, you have the power. Stop tweeting, start working
Do you think that we forgot about DeVos already?
Let me recommend to you Legacy of Ashes & Enemies by Tim Weiner. Both show numerous examples of secrecy concealing blunders.
you miss the meaning of drain the swamp senator. It means get rid of all the career politicians, and establish term limits
Can you please let us know when your hosting a town hall?
Iowa Falls, 7:45 am, Tues, 2/21
Garner, 2:15 pm, Tues, 2/21
Charles City, 10 am, Thur, 2/23
Parkersburg, 8 am, Fri, 2/24
Thank you!
you need to.go home for sure.   Too old to be doing this stop now and go home.
the swamp has been filled with alligators.  You're 83-years-old; who's Tweeting for your relic ass?  It ain't you.
@StephenBannon
@now7grandkids U R a Russian sympathizer
you should have voted against @BetsyDeVos   Now our public schools will suffer horribly. Shame on you!
Let's start with you Chuck.  Merrick Garland deserved a hearing. End of discussion!
hey Grassland u know it is the framing of HAARP  rest of cingress, need  indict Georgetown & George Washington University
you certainly were not interested in #draintheswamp when you voted on #Cabinet
Has your account been hacked? Or are you one person when you tweet & another when you vote on Trump's nominees?
JOINS AMIGO BROTHER FAN CLUB AND WAY PAST SEAT RETIREMENT. IMO PRIME EXAMPLE WHY WE NEED TURM LIMITS OF 2 TERMS
Where have you been for 8 years jerk? Now that a conservative outsider is POTUS you are getting hot and bothered?
- Oh, now, after approving all cabinet members, you give a shit about #DrainingTheSwamp...little too late Chuck. #coward
u need an update on your job: u r a US Senator. U can vote NO however for the record since u seem lost: u r filling the swamp
never trusted you, now I am sure
ABOUT TIME YOU GREW SOME BALLS
@ChuckGrassleyIdiot Right, and you think the Prez can just snap his fingers and declassify documents, do you Kansas?
Why aren't you demanding investigation into l#YemenMassacre?#CPORyanOwens & 8-yo U.S. girl killed. Attack ordered w/NO INTEL
you were quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
As a Cedar Rapidian, I will make sure that Iowan's don't forget in '18 for @SenJoniErnst & your next election as well.
When is your Des Moines town hall? Iowa City? #99counties??
absolutely can't wait for your town hall.  Bet you can't wait either
draining the swamp includes rejecting unqualified appointees even though they're big donors #walkthewalk #hypocrisy
THIS PRESIDENT IS BEING THE MOST TRANSPARENT PRESIDENT, SO FAR, IN MY LONG LIFE. GIVE HIM TIME. HE WILL FORM PLANS OF ACTION.
how does your voting record on cabinet appointments reflect that mentality even a little? #GOPswampratcabinet2017
I have tried to email (no response) and called (no answer or fill vm).  We need you to here OUR concerns (your constituents).
you voted to confirm the slugs, gators, snakes and maggots.  That ain't draining the swamp, Marie LeVaux!
@jaketapper votes Yes for De Vos. The most unqualified cabinet nominee in the history of U.S. governance. Embarrassed 4 Iowa.
Too little too late Chuck. Shouldn't have sat on that King letter.
Rings hollow Chuck. You've voted with Trump 100% of the time.
You approved all the questionable corrupt nominees and now showing off before town hall meetings.
you're a part of the swamp now!
Typical Republican wanting to destroy vital wetlands. Swamps serve a purpose!
Alligator complains about lack of swamp draining.  News at 11.
@jaketapper and yet voting for Racist Sessions was ok by you?
classifying information to hide blunders is against the law if I am not mistaken.
says one of the oldest alligators! Who do you think he was talking about? Some clerk? It was you! Dummy!
best thing ever @jaketapper is retweeting these.
@jaketapper Grassley has that power.
You're a huge part of that swamp as you act and vote with GOP no matter what. #hypocrite
so you have a pres who has taken over the government, please treat this with the urgency it deserves sir, NOW
@jaketapper chuck u have so much blood on ur hands u ought to leave protest to ppl w integrity. #swampthing
when is your town hall in Des Moines? Looking forward to discussing your blunders
"Dept of Education has deactivated a website dedicated2empowering&assisting students w disabilities&" http://www.rawstory.com/2017/02/democratic-senators-demand-to-know-why-betsy-devos-took-down-website-for-disabled-students/ … @ChuckGrassley
He's beyond this, needs intervention from Dr. Ronny Jackson, get him out, get Flynn immediately out, use cia
CHUCK JUST CALL THE PRESIDENT OR SET UP A MTG NXT UR CLOGGING UP TWITTER W UR RANTS
WHO on God's Green Earth are you talking to? Did you VOTE to CONFIRM the SWAMP MONSTERS? What's WRONG with you? @jaketapper
IMPEACH! REMOVE! JUST A MATTER OF TIME!
.@ChuckGrassley . You're either drunk or just tendered your resignation from a blunder filled career in the swamp. Which is it? @Karoli
Like you didn't already know that after all your years in Congress? Are we to believe you learned it from Graham's book?
lay off the pain meds dude
The swamp reside at the WH, in the COngress & the Senate!
vote Chuck out,drain the swamp
you are part of the swamp!
@jaketapper You could convince me this is true in 1 second. ...Convinced.
taking money to vote for a cabinet posistion makes you part of the swamp.
What do these tweets even mean?  Has his twitter been hacked?  Why doesn't he pressure DJT instead of his staff?
wtf??
With you on that. Good to see this. Your committee is going to be busy this year.
Well, there was plenty of this #vault7
Chuck, in all respect, YOU ARE THE SWAMP.
Several Spec Ops Vets have confirmed as much. In 1: "Classified" meant 11 dead Rangers from bad intel. Families lied to.
you are part of the swamp dude! How long have you held that seat? How much money have you accepted from lobbyists???
One day soon you will need to decide which side you're on- or Russia's. Hope you know the answer.
is part of the Authoritarian #kingTrump @POTUS swamp. @realDonaldTrump is the devil u get 2 sleep w/now. Marinate w/that.
@jaketapper she know Lauren?
@jaketapper ty. Lol. Poor. Mother of. God.
What the hell are you talking about? Who is it that you think is part of the Swamp?
"Drain the swamp?" You ARE the swamp now.
you are the swamp
You are part of the swamp...
Were hacked or are you drunk, Sir? You just confirmed the Swamp.
YOU could have stopped Devos, IA public schools are already suffering as it is.
yep, let's see how that goes at his upcoming town halls
Hey chuck, how's that EASY D treating you?  Are you drunk?
Little late to the party Chuck. Hard to drain what you just confirmed into the cabinet.
also if we are going to Drain the Swamp then maybe you can talk about how many people called on #NoDevos
@RaulieGonzo is he ok?
so investigate Trump? No oversight leads to conflicts of interest, like not having a blind trust makes him part of the swamp
Are people still saying "drain the swamp?"
are you DrunkTweeting pal? #draintheswamp
Trump certainly hasn't drained the swamp. He's filling it. Does this mean we can count on you to fight him?
chuckie is part of the swamp... 
LOL drain the swamp.
