Nah, Trump's treason and GOP complicity will continue to keep #TrumpRussia on front pages. Leakers are HEROS! YOU are a traitor.
It's fine.  It's where s story of this size should be
Why are you concerned with leaks? If you're not doing anything wrong leaks shouldn't concern you.
You still have no clue how real the consequences of your actions are. This isn't a show, you committed serious crimes against your country
as well they should...
Do something about the corruption and the leaks will end. If they can't take these concerns up the chain of command they have no choice.
Pack ur bags Grassley,  you've all sold your souls.
You mean like the leak that informed the nation we had a foreign agent as NSA?That person is a hero! You are a traitor. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Want the "leaks" on your treason to stop? Don't commit treason. #ProTip https://www.instagram.com/p/BQArE9HhMiZ/  cc @tedlieu @RepAdamSchiff @MarkWarner
if you're a a$$hole to work for you're gonna have leaks
You act like that's a bad thing. Whatcha tryin' to hide, darlin'?
DO YOUR JOB!  Investigate, Oversee, and Illuminate. Protecting POTUS and VP show cowardice and undermine our institutions.
says a completely anonymous tweeter, who is afraid to speak on his/her own behalf!!
I'm more fiscally conservative than most  GOP in congress.  Stop judging and hiding. You want to talk, message me.
Thanks to today's technology, your defense of treason will live on forever - for all your descendants to see.
Someone has  to tell the American people the truth. It's not going to be you
The leaks are happening because you sell out crooks have done illegal and immoral things & whistleblowers are protecting US @GOP
If Trump were an honorable Patriot, wouldn't have to worry about leaks. You picked the wrong friend. Gonna cost you, Grassley.
So YOU supported wiki leaking of information. How about Russian hacking so the truth could be leaked. We found out Hillary lied. Important
I agree with this! Dems working really hard to make that happen so they can regain power. GOP seems to be helping them instead of POTUS. Sad
No #crookedtrump will keep #Trumprussia on front pages-hopefully every newspaper Hey @journalsentinel listenup
You can't tweet. Worse than @POTUS and that's bad.
Traitor! I hope the law is coming for you next...
Democrats don't hate Trump, they would go after & hate any republican president & GOP is letting them do it. It won't stop until GOP stop it
Chuck, we are taking our country back. Trump & the GOP assaulted our democratic institutions. There is going to be a severe penalty.
Guess what?
Spurious "leaks" from Republicans, and a half-dozen "investigations," kept Hillary on the front pages for over a year. #Karma
Trump and your own stupidity is what keeps him on the front page. You guys get really defensive when you know you're about to get busted
How do you think the leaks are the problem and not the incredibly damaging information being leaked? You're getting mad at fire alarms
Whistle Blowing Patriot's. We need them,as they are only ppl trying to preserve democracy.
Stop focusing on the leakers and focus on the allegations.  Can always prosecute leakers later if so desired
As apparently they should. History will also remember which side you stood on. Party before all apparently.
FFS, Chuck, drop it.  With every panicked tweet you look more complicit in this whole shitshow.
Dave is accurate, Chuck. Do some good somewhere instead of engaging in this behavior.
Time to sit on his porch and watch the corn grow
The investigation will dethrone trump and his cohorts! Traitors
Leaks of your treason are coming soon.
Well don't do traitory things! See? Problem solved!
YOUR BOSS IS THE LEAKER AND GIVES AWAY CLASSIFIED INTELLIGENCE TO HIS RUSSIAN FRIENDS! THAT IS NEWS WORTH REPORTING!
Not just the Russians... he also told North Korea we had two submarines stationed near them.

We NEVER talk about where submarines are!!!

They will keep the FACTS available to the public. Something YOU refuse to do. Country over Party. 

Act like an American.
If he and the GOP weren't TRAITORS there would be no need for leaks, RIP GOP
That's what Nuxon tried. Great idea, Chuck!
I'm waiting for today's bombshell. I've come to expect it. Let 'er rip.
Leaks wouldn't be necessary if @GOP wasn't obstructing justice. Leakers are patriots. @GOP are traitors.
Chuck's on Team Russia.
That's a good thing, Senator, but you've lost perspective and care more about your party than your country
I hope so because he needs to be attacked ever single day.
It will continue until you do your job
Yes indeed.
If leaks are what it takes to uncover treason, so be it. Why do you want to cover for Russian interference?
Chuck, I think you are going senile
YOU better be worried about UR own wrinkled weak a$$,When this all shakes out,U WILL be held accountable for NOT protecting UR  country #FU
Nap time, old man. Retire and let someone with scruples take your place.
Maybe if he stopped doing stupid shit, they wouldn't bother leaking it? Crazy thought, I know.
Thank God for Free Press, otherwise this whole UNAMERICAN FIASCO would be buried by @GOP MFers!!!  
That's a good thing!!
As it should be, he is operating his business out of The White House, has established a dictatorship, racist, void of integrity & empathy
Is it LEAKS or WHISTLEBLOWER???? Hmmm
So will your #treason !
Good!  Substance of leaks!  @ChuckGrassley tell trump to stop leaking to Duterte & Russia!
Stop taking Russian money. And quit. You are beyond corrupt and you brag about it.  https://www.instagram.com/p/BQArE9HhMiZ/ 
You are more concerned about leaks than the crimes/unethical behavior committed by you @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenatorBurr etc.
You guys in congress took an oath. To protect the constitution from enemies. Remember? HISTORY WATCHES.
Trump, and his big mouth, leaks everything.

Up your's grass fed pig = grassley
 get over it! Thank God they are!!
That's the point, Senator.
You need to leave with Chaffetz.  Your shelf-date has expired.
And thank God they will. Get all of you traitorous plunderers out of the government and, hopefully, out of civil society and in jail.
Yes, if you and your fellow Republicans don't get serious about defending our national security. They will leak and be right to do it.
Fantastic!  Use the whole paper!

Tell your fellow Reps in Congress that it is past time to stand up, fight back against Dems, leftist's attacks on Pres Trump. FIGHT BACK!
Please put these Leakers in Jail.
You are a hack and part of #VichyGOP.The leaks will continue until you do decide to actually investigate. We are ALL glad for LEAKS. Traitor
....and that's a GOOD Thing.  Expose #TraitorTrump
We need more leaks to learn what crimes your ilk are committing
Show me one time you spoke out on leaks during Benghazi and email witch hunt against HRC!
Is MYTimes a Republican rag for senile senators who should retire?
Thank goodness, because Republicans in Congress aren't going to investigate anything important unless dragged into it kicking and screaming.
That is their job.   We can't have a democracy without the press.
Maybe if Senate pursued information rather than say nothing happened leaks would not happen. Given the Senate's ostrich position we need em
Is that wrong, in your eyes?
Leaks are the only way the actual truth comes out, truth is not coming from the White House
Ummm isn't that where a foreign attack on our country should be reported?
He is not going 2 hire you. He is not going 2 make you rich. Please do not compromise your integrity for a commitment to Fund ur retirement
- History will look back upon this tweet of yours and judge you accordingly, in hindsight. I don't suspect it will treat you as a sage.
Good
You're worried about PUBLICITY when @POTUS has obstructed justice, violated the constitution & sold out our democracy? #DoYourJob
of course, that's why it continues by the #antiTrumpers. It's so wrong when the media colludes w/politics to push lib agenda.
Jesus Chick, it's not about the leaks. It's about the treason.
Meanwhile: T---p Told His Advisers He Favors Move To Sabotage Obamacare
The leaks are coming from his own people, they actually have the balls to point out what a traitor @realDonaldTrump is. You don't. #Traitor
Disappointed and embarrassed you represent the state of IA. You have a chance to be a leader but are more worried about personal power
The Congress should investigate who the leakers are. It is unacceptable that everything confidential ends up in newspapers. Harms security.
Good, someone in the WH is doing us all a favor, I'm guessing the leaker is Trump or perhaps John Barron
Is this not front page news to you? Our democracy is under attack, Chuck.
Hanging out with your Russian friends?
Chuck, seems like you also are involved in #russiantreason #moneylaundering #obstructionofjustice #collusion #conspiracy #gop
Says the guy who's cozy with #Russia
Thank God for the Patriots!
You're just as bad as Trump for accepting his collusion with Putin & his criminal behavior & his using the US to benefit his business.
"The American people deserve to know if their President is a crook."
If Trump, his administration, and the complicit @GOP would tell the truth and not obstruct justice, then leaks would not be necessary.
Thankfully!

Hi @ChuckGrassley - I'd like to report a senior Republican official colluding with Russia's Marakov, his name is "Chuck Grassley" cc @FBI 
We can't trust you to do your job nor can we trust u to be unbiased. This is ALL on the Rep-controlled House and Senate. Take responsibility
You say this like it's a bad thing

Leaks are irrelevant. Truth about Russian interference and POTUS's part in that is imperative. Fighting for transparency & truth. IA values.
Right where it should be. Leaking info is not the horrifying part of this. Aren't you some big whistleblower guy?
Truth hurts too much, Chuck??  What happened to the Grassley that wanted to expose the truth?  Who has sworn to allegiance to the GOP now?
By the likes u should reconsider ur choice words. DO UR JOB OR YOU IT WILL CONTINUE! WE WILL NOT SIT BY TO LINE YOUR POCKETS OVER DEMOCRACY!
The GOP has put party before COUNTRY. They are trying to tell you they see illegal shit going on and the GOP ignoring it. Wake the hell up!
Attacks on trump? Attacks on TRUMP?!? He has attacked our country every day since he announced his bid for POTUS.
His big vomitous mouth and teeny tweeting fingers are what keeps him on the front page. Retire Chuck. Being a trump shrill isn't a good look
And thank God for that!
Good. The more the better. Trump is an abomination & anyone supporting him is just as vile as he is.
You seem to be protesting too much, Chucky. Should we be looking for your Russian connections, too?
If you don't like leaks, talk to Nunes and Chaffetz... oh and Trump.
If they waited for you and your partisan committee to investigate, the Russian coup of our government would soon be complete. Bye Chuck.
It's not an attack on Trump. This is a fight for our democracy. Wake up Chuck! Covering for him is not going to end well for you.
Americans need to know what people we elected are covering up. The more you support #Trump and his insanity, the less we trust you.
GOP whining. #TrumpRussia
We can't stop demos fake news media from attacking trump... never ends... no biggie
IF tRump is saying the leaks are FAKE NEWS.. then are they really leaks 
Y'all are scared, aren't you? #GOPMeltdown
Can't call them leaks when Trump tweets his own poor choices! Get a grip on this Chuck. You backed a bad horse. Cut ties
You have very few sympathizers, and yet, you continue. your fear is showing. along with your loyalty. and it is NOT to America.
You saying this is an attack on trump is reprehensible, He has attacked our democracy, with the help of Russia, an enemy of the state
Are you tweeting for agent  while he's busy screitup another foreign relationship. #teamwork
Do your job! Country over party! Do not shield any traitors & criminals no matter the party & no matter the office. History will judge you.
He called comey a "nut job" while telling RU he took the pressure off. He should be attacked. It should be front page news. Shame on you.
Hey Chuck...they are saving us when you are derilict of duty.  Go look again at the dumb it down for Trump NATO instructions and feel proud.
It's not an attack on Trump. It's an attack on our democracy. You should know better, sir.
Sen Grassley is complicit in the attack. He's a failed leader, just look at his blatantly partisan disregard for a legitimate SC nomination.
And thank God for that. If not for leaks and press the @GOP stonewalling would have kept the truth from American people.
Whistleblowers will continue to feed press due your history of obstruction. You are not trusted to #DoYourJob.
Thank god for @nytimes & @washingtonpost  & every reporter out there @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan & the rest would continued their silence!
So, what is the problem with that, if the "leaks" are all true???????????????????
I sure Hope So, You Can't Cover-up FACTS. Election last years, TRUMP & RUSSIA everyday with FALSE NEWS. Hacks , You wasn't concerned than.
senator: our democracy demands a strong and free press. Your continued focus on wanting to punish "leakers" is misplaced.
Do your job.. figure it out.. leaks stop because truth has come forward.. why are you whining? Where are your American values?
Yeah, WH didn't deny these leaks, & neither does the @GOP. You all are disgusting. This is a transparent attempt to hide more stuff coming.
the leaks are not attacks on president. The "leaks" are concerned patriots.

No one is attacking trump.  Simple solution for his problem is don't do/say stupid shit.  He's the cause of his own problems
Thank God there are patriots at The NY Times and WashPost who want the American people to know the facts.
Unlike @ChuckGrassley & other complicit R's who do all in their power to enable the traitorous activities of the members of their own party
It's not a continued tweet. Say thread md then number your tweets.
Perhaps because congress has found itself unworthy of trust and only acts when there's a headline?
do you care that there was (possible) collision with an enemy during the election or do you just care about Repub control?
Recap: 
1) Defends Trump at every turn. 
2) Included in Kuschner family presentation in China. 
3) Panicking as press closes in. 
Complicit?
TRAITOR
GOP more concerned about containing leaks than about salvaging the WH. Says everything that needs to be said about a very corrupt party.
What's MYTimes?
As they should be. The Fourth Estate was created to root out corruption in our government and protect the people. They're doing their jobs.
You'd be ballyhooing and cheering to the rafters if Obama had been implicated in such a scandal.
They're probably coming from the White House and the Senate
If the country wasn't being run by complete criminals, they wouldn't be front page news. Is this seriously how you're going down, chuck?
It's not an attack on Trump you partisan hack, it is defending our constitutional democracy from threats foreign and domestic.

Leaks are lies by Obama's traitorous scum. Obama the terrorist Muslim continues to attack America.
I think we got much. The question is why are the Rs in congress so afraid of the media. Stand up for the @POTUS, or we will vote u out.
Yes quit being yes men to the Dems put the big panties on and fight like men! Americans are taking names
Good
He needs to be held accountable
Now stop being a baby crycry and hold more #townhalls
It's Trump's behavior & ludicrous statements that get him on the covers.
stop cyring little Chucky, you can visit little Donny in prison
You'd like to get on w/ agenda of tearing healthcare from us & ruining the Internet. Iowans would like to have a US after Trump. #dobetter
Idea: stop doing leak-worthy suff?
How is it an 'attack on Trump' When the @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @PressSec @seanspicer doesn't deny what was said/done?
Leaks b/c: trump is destroying institutions our democracy relies on, party hacks like you distract instead of tackling the real issues
We hope so! It's  all we've got
As @SenateMajLdr refused to join Obama in disclosure on what was known re Trump-Russia and @gop reps have covered for Trump, what choice?
