DNC whistleblower Seth Rich was murdered by Hillary and her thugs; are you going to do anything about it? #SethRich #ChuckGrassley
Hey Patrick, that's a strong accusation. Got evidence?
Yes.
And?
Curious, does it matter to you guys even a little bit that fox retracted its entire story?
They had to. Wheeler (PI family hired) came  on fox with info that was suppose to be kept secret. Polive issued gag order on him afterwards.
Why would that prompt Fox to retract the story, if they thought they had good info? (Not trying to argue, just asking for your take.)
Mitch, Grassley are all on single payer "socialized" medicare.
Pls demand Fusion GPS testifies to Congress who paid for the fake dossier used to disparage Trump.
The GOP's skinny repeal is  thinly disguised attempt 2 make ACA appear 2 fail. Choke on your own bile, U miserable failed excuses 4 leaders.
Does this mean you're going to recognize that WH "leakers" are patriotic citizens?  They counter autocrat-in-chief and corrupt family.
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/27/lisa-murkowski-health-care-vote-natural-resources-blackmail-241031 …
Are you going to continue to defame/discredit the FBI & James Comey, while @POTUS attempts political blackmail?
Agree. And those who investigate & expose corruption in the People's WH deserve protection, not attacks from @GOP. Country over party!
Yeah, tell that to so-called @PotuS @Scaramucci the losers that call them leakers...but those  #LeakersAreLeaders
Thank you!
What a hypocrite you were just condemning them 2 weeks ago
Mr Grassley, 
  I never did twitter till Mr Trump. I followed u at same time. Why have u turned against President Trump? I thot u were OK.
appreciate your support for whistleblowers. hope you can convince the President to pardon @Snowden.
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/trump-jr-s-meeting-with-russian-lawyer-was-about-sanctions-financier-tells-senate-panel/ … Hopefully you heard this loud and clear yesterday, Chuck.
Thank you for recognizing whistleblowers.  Service members of the community.
Appreciate your support.
@Wikileaks is a whistle blower - yes?
Take pictures because felonious leakers will be there too
If you think Mr Grassley that the GOP is going 2 survive politically beyond Trump,  you are in deep denial.
Sally Yates: Justice system "may be broken beyond recognition" under Trump http://hill.cm/Zbt8jQr  
Pls demand Fusion GPS tell congress who paid for the fake Russian dossier, or hold them in contempt of congress! https://www.wsj.com/amp/articles/who-paid-for-the-trump-dossier-1501193386 …
Yes Special Council for DNC
Pretty sure that's exactly what you're doing. Keep covering Trump's a**. What is wrong w/ u? Do u really hate ur country that much?
Perhaps you should talk to Scaramucci...
Consider the current leakers as whistleblowers. It's their way of reporting the many abuses in this administration. Listen to them!
Democrats get away literally with murder how do you think citizens of this once great country feel about this? You forget you work for us
Obama surveilling? Susan Rice and others unmasking? Don Jr, Manaford and Jared set up? What the hell us Mueller investigating?
thoughts on Fake Dossiers made to destroy an admin? Comey leaking? Investigating a President after a year of zero evidence?
Clinton and Lynch on tarmac during investigation? Lynch calling it a matter and ordering Comey to? Comey and Mueller's friendship?
How insignificant.  It was a matter because no one from the FBI is supposed to discuss an open investigation. How does this compare at all?
Our taxes are paying for Whistleblowers lunch?

Leakers should be investigated instead.
Whistleblower and leakers, same to me.
leakers are self-serving, whistleblowers sacrifice their interests for the sake of others, whistleblowers identify themselves
Like you treat scotus nominees
Was Donald Jr present? LOL.
Vote #NO on the #HealthCare Bill Senator , your #JOB depends on it !
Whistleblowers become whistleblowers minute they are retaliated against. Enron an exception. Most don't survive "doing the right thing"
... like criminals when they're exposing connections between @POTUS and Russia. You're a laughable hypocrite on this topic.
Please blow the whistle on whatever intel on drumphf caused your face to go ashen. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Whistleblower
When does a whistleblower become a leaker?
Or called "traitors" by this White House...
please pull the plug on showman lindsay g. hes went on tv and said hes submitting a bill to keep mueller on. that trump cant fire him
u know this demoncrates has hurt trump and his family and all his supporters. making us a nervous mad mess. the dems will pay in elections
They should really use russian bots that know how to speak English.
Is your HC argument really that democrats are inflammatory and ACA didn't cover enough people so we should cut more people off of it?
Sensed the corruption in govt. Now being exposed. Hope we can rip it out with all of its roots.  Realistically? Doubt it
Asked you to join my book club: Red Notice by Bill Browder. You heard from him personally.
Zinke-- what a loyal and obedient Boy Scout. Veiled threats against Murkowski and Sullivan.
Yours show up dead.  Dems such a deep deep hole
Yours?
Did you do it at the same time as backing up @realDonaldTrump and his quest against whistle blowers, I mean "leakers"
You unmitigated hypocrite.

I know, right?  Like Comey!
Two timing snake @ChuckGrassley wants to protect treason, lies, a racist, homophobic, xenophobic senile president. #votingyouout #cantwait
Old Gramps you are unhinged and senile
People get upset when America is hijacked by hateful frauds Who lie to their fan base. Don't like criminals or the people who support them.
You kmow at the @WhiteHouse they call #whistleblowers #Leakers

As long as they blow your brand of whistle, amirite? 
Chuck go on chapo
Often the leakers/felons hide out as Whistleblowers!
Are you sure?  Prove it
Well The Voter's Of Our President Trump! Seen you Undermining @POTUS ! He had no Idea' about Your secret meeting with AG!
Should of called!
Were you also proud when you voted to take away health care from millions of your constituents as well?
I think you have your numbers wrong
Shhh. Your hypocrisy is showing, Chuck.
... pay close attention and watch where hers goes should you know go AGAINST your constituents
Know what would make me proud? You voting to FIX the ACA - not burn it to the ground. Your seat might not be up in 2018 but Ernst' is ...
ty for your voice last night and today!
So when are we forgiving Snowden, then?
And for the record, I agree with you.
Didn't you rail against the leaker just the other day? Which is it?
Difference between following protocol first and protecting national security. Even wikileaks tries to be aware. Leaking to MSM not so much
You don't think that helping put @realDonaldTrump in office (which Wikileaks is complicit in) endangers our national security? I DO.
No actually I dont. I'm watching but so far more disappointed in Congress than in @realDonaldTrump. He is listening to his voters.
Now Hillary scared me. She was either incompetent or criminal in actions. Also she and Congress seem determined to start WW3.
