Get OUT of the insurance business! NO trumpcare! #FreeMarketOnly! #UnitedforFreedom!
This is so ignorant & offensive to those who will lose their coverage while you leave D.C. with your insurance, racism & greed intact. #2018
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/889490314750197762 …
Anything you are doing currently so fewer hospital networks have non-profit status??
Why don't you just work on fixing what doesn't work and I don't care if you call it Grassley care. You just don't want Obama's name on it.
So, to clarify: You are eager to kill thousands of Americans for profit, yours & lobbyists. Got it. #VoteGrassleyOut #GrassleyTreason
Hey Chucky, if those "death panels" you used to rant about were real,
wouldn't you, and most of your caucus all be gone by now? #resist
Also, the death panel (living wills) was also a GOP idea.
Too bad you aren't eager to find out the truth about Russia attacking our country on election day.  You ride the short bus, Chuck.
Chuck you are the @DevinNunes of the @SenateFloor
History will not be kind to Chuck.
Another negative move for the @ChuckGrassley legacy needle but at least you're saving Grandma from Obamacare, oh wait, she wasn't in danger!
Sad you're so eager to take healthcare away from your most vulnerable disabled constituents, like my 5 year old daughter. #FOXG1
How about working with the Dems and come up with a healthcare plan that helps people like yours!!!!!!!
Chuck the only bus you ever wanted on is the one filled with health care lobbyists handing out money to the POOR New Hartford farmer.
So your okay with millions of people having no insurance ultimately leading to mass deaths?
Or, we can just throw all the Republicans out office and enact single payer. Problem solved.
You had your chance and you failed to win elections time and time again
Hillary won.
Uhhhhhhhh no
We want #FullRepeal #KeepThePromise #UnitedForFreedom Hold the line for #FreeMarketSolutions
#FullRepeal was promised to the people keep your promises #United for freedom
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/888979642631192576 …
Senator Grassley, I'm from Sioux City, I had no insurance for 3 years. Went to emergency room a lot. ACA gave me affordable good insurance.
Yeah but you don't want to include everybody in the conversation you want to stick with your small Republican contingent and not fix it.
Politicians need to get over themselves and get OUT of health care. #FullRepeal #FreeMarketSolutions #UnitedForFreedom
What would stop you from finding the "bus" to tweaking the great ACA that we already have? Mine is affordable and keeps me healthy.
Repair maybe. Replace never.  Represent constituents not the Tea Party or the Kochs
Please do not vote for this horrible and hidden Healthcare Bill. Constituents deserve to know your vote. This will harm tens of millions!
Clean, full repeal, then don't replace
Where there's a will there's a way.  America has always offered both.  Clear the path for #FreeMarketSolutions to the ACA! #UnitedForFreedom
#FullRepeal #NoReplacement #FreeMarket #defundpp #UnitedForFreedom
The insurance company bailouts are a huge problem! #FullRepeal #FreeMarketSolutions #UnitedForFreedom
Please work with Democrats on this solution. Is too big an issue for one party to solve. That was the criticism of how things went last time
So trump was right about iowa...
Awesome dude, Im so excited for you to kill Millions of people- I'm so giddy right now thinking about you eating with MAGA
Why not fix or amend it instead of replacing it?
Bc a black man passed it. No other reason.
Personally I think it's because a Democrat passed it.
A black one
You do know it's two words right? White House.
Magic? It's either Math or it's nothing. Please don't admit you're going for magic

You are an embarrassment to our great state.  Please resign.
you are the problem and have been destroying Iowa and America for far too long.
The only magic has been your ability to bamboozle Iowans into believing that your actions are good for them. Work for people, not party.
The magic is DUMP TRAITOR TRUMP, who's a financial disaster, BK'd as often as he could. He's destroyed our world leadership standing.
...with single payer? Please?
If Trump signed exe.order putting all of Congress on Obamacare it would be repealed by Midnight
I hope @SenateGOP will all be with you and stand up for the American people.  We are tired of waiting & we are taking notes...& WE VOTE.
If there was any magic, wouldn't it have appeared already? Better ACA than magic pixie dust, I say.
This is partisan cowering! Iowans want you to vote no on moving forward with this! & you will kill people if you do! #coward #hack #resign
Perhaps instead of magic, we need new reps in Congress, Mr. Grassley.
Too bad you don't follow the will of your constituents. Have you been in office so long that you forget how you got there?
#FullRepeal #FullRepealNow #RepealAndReload See you at the crossroads.
How about you find the“magic” to get more #Americans #Affordable #healthcare instead of cutting 20 million out & gutting #medicad? #Shameful
Are you going to replace YOUR Obamacare or are u keeping it?  You can't take away access to healthcare if you don't have an alternative NOW.
New CBO on BCRA: 15 million more uninsured by 2018, 22 million by 2026 http://cbo.gov/publication/52 …
Ugh pls no @ChuckGrassley
Gleefully giving America the middle finger
I grew up believing I could respect IA senators & trust them to guard the needs of ALL their constituents.
One was Grassley. What happened?
Nope. You will NOT take away my health insurance. Not yours!
Why are you bragging about taking away healthcare&jobs Esp when you have taxpayer funded care?#WhatADisgrace #HealthHallofShame #FixACA
Have you thought of the thousands &thousands of jobs that will be lost if ACA is repealed? No healthcare+no jobs =very sick USA. #SaveACA
Congrats you made #HealthHallOfShame. ACA needs be fixed not repealed.Americans should have same health care as you-which taxpayers pay for
The MAJORITY want #ObamacareFIXED. STOP stalling #GOP, #McConnell  & FIX OBAMACARE! Then move on to #universalHealthcare @DonaldJTrumpJr
Thousands of Iowa seniors & children rely on Medicaid for health care AND to stay stably housed. Stand up and be bigger than politics
Please repeal the bill!
Instead of rushing to find the "yes" votes why don't you come back to Iowa and have conversations with us about what we want.
Chuck, I hope you read the responses to your tweet. That bus your talk about is heading for a cliff with thousands if Iowans aboard. Jump!
Your eager to sell out your constituents
Yes..."magic" is exactly the right word.  Magic is what it would take to make the GOP plan to replace the ACA responsible and humane.
Do away with the "Rule of 60," Chuck.  It's been the "opioid" causing Senate blockage for years!
My Representative David Young did that- he said he was going to vote no & didn't-that picture on the rose garden is evidence-SHAME!
Stop it !You & I know Iowa needs help & vile liar trump has had 6months to get something done! Tying yourself to that nasty man is wrong!
That is not a good idea-vile liar trump is a joke & with you saying the 1st one makes you look just like him-you MUST work with Democrats
#Buttlick
You can't get repeal so now want all 100 senators to debate ACA, but didnt want hearings for Garland you could block. How hypocritical.
The republicans ideal health care plan would be to drop the health care part and just give huge tax breaks to the wealthy.
Then you haven't been listening to us! Keep working to fix what we already have, don't take it away!
It's magic!

@rosierifka you obviously enjoy seeing people suffer! You are pure evil!
You road the magic school bus? Did you sing too?
Chuck, it's not what your constituents want. You work for us, not @realDonaldTrump . Stop ass kissing and listen to facts. Think of Iowans!!
You want a "yes" from the American People next election? Maybe try listening to us and pursuing Single Payer! #UniversalHealthCare
What the hell does this even mean?  Seriously, someone tell me?  I've been flummoxed by my Sr Senator so long I can't understand his Tweets.
Bus? Whitehouse? Magic?  Isn't he a senior MOC?  Doesn't he have the tools he needs to work in a bipartisan manner with others?
If he's looking elsewhere - let alone the shit show that is our WH - he is confused and delusional. Chuck, is it time to resign?
And yes, I'm totally serious.
Make Congress SUBJECT TO SAME LAWS as the rest of us.  No exemptions, carve outs or exceptions.  Obamacare will be repealed in a hurry.
The MAGIC sauce is the FREE MARKET.  No barriers to competition, no mandates/taxes or restrictions on offerings.  CHOICE, patient centered.
I am eager to have you replaced Sir. Even more eager than you are to destroy millions of Americans lives.
Do YOU intend to participate in what you want for the masses? FIX the ACA. It was a Republican plan to start

How about research, science & experienced advisers instead of "magic"? I know it's not typically your way, but it works... it really does.
Remember when you pointed out how the Cruz amendment was subterfuge to undo protections for preexisting conditions? Now you're on board?
You are all corrupt and have sold our country out. #VoteThemOut
Thank you, Senator Grassley
How many constituents have asked you not to repeal?  I am one.
At least open up competition across state lines.
Delete your account.
The ACA is similar to a bill proposed by Grassley as an alternative to a democratic proposal back in 1993, opposition is purely political
How about a plan that provides healthcare to all, does not increase premiums. & is not a death sentence for those with pre existing cond
Magic isn't real...just like your desire to help the American people
That is disappointing.  I am eager to elect people who are not blinded by party politics.  You are no longer one of them.
Jesus @ChuckGrassley you've served this country for so long, why would you get down on your knees so easily now?  For this guy?  Pathetic.
I'm eager for you to be replaced.
HR 676 is the only replacement. Otherwise, fix what is broken in ACA.
Yeah, you go with that...Sparkle Pony 
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr We will not accept "sorry we tried but couldn't agree" ALL Rep VOTED to repeal except 1. GET IT DONE! NO EXCUSES!
I think you are eager to stick it to us Americans while you have great coverage and a big tax cut for yourself!
You're an evil monster.
Yes! The Magic Bus of inclusion for Comprehensive Medical Coverage for Children, Women, & Men.....Including Reproductive Care .
Wouldn't expect to find any magic at the White House, Chuck.  And....ahem....you've had 8 years to come up with a replacement. Yes?
Pure Devolved Evil.... nothing more needs to be said about you and the @GOP
Then you should expect Iowans to help you be the first one on the bus out of there, because you don't deserve your job.
What the fuck does this even mean Chuck
It almost seems like a desperate cry for help... Reminds me of some of Cornyn's dumber statements...
It's going to take magic you tired out old political hack
Has your GOP pervert in chief resigned yet?
"Magic?" Are you 10? Maybe you need to let the adults do the hard work you seem unwilling/unable to do
There is no magic working with Trump. We need stability in the system and everyone covered who wants to be. Work with the Dems not against.
Chuck- this tweet is ignorant. Stop embarrassing yourself.
Magic? It doesn't take magic to ruin a person's life by saddling her with enormous medical bills, just cruel and dishonest tendencies.
Why aren't you the majority leader?
THANK YOU! #REPEAL THE OBAMA DEATHCARE NIGHTMARE BACK TO HELL WHERE IT CAME FROM! LOVE FROM TEXAS!
PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY AND Constituents. Same plan my Senator Marco Rubio has. Will vote as told
As long as you keep your royal coverage, to hell with the rest of us, right @ChuckGrassley ?
Iowa has a huge Medicaid mess because of Branstad privatizing. Kids, old people and small providers hurting. DON'T MAKE IT WORSE!!
'magic' to kill Americans... looks like you should make a deal with Satan. FYI he only accepts payment in souls, not Russian laundered money
NO NO NO!! How dare you want to throw 32 MILLION Americans off insurance! We LIKE Obamacare! We want to KEEP it!
32 million more Americans would be uninsured by 2026 under Senate measure heading to a vote - The Washington Post  https://apple.news/Aq4VsvZGaRaGGtH3kEd3FNQ …
You sound desperate. I hope you all fail for the sake of the health of millions of people in this country.
Drink some of this.  It'll get you to yes (and voted out of office when you do)
I stopped believing in magic when I was 8 when I saw a magician stuff a card up his sleeve. Make a plan to get to 'affordable coverage'.
Get off the bus and #saveACA like the whole country is telling you to.
We're eager to replace YOU. GOP is complicit n cruel. Save ACA Call for impeachment. Or lose your job. 
#KillTheBill
#Trumpcare
 #DeathCare
Why do you wish us ill?
It is painfully obvious that you have no clue what you are doing. SMH
You're a joke.
Your party is incompetent and cannot govern. Venal, bought and bossed.
White House. Two words. Also, there's no magic. Work with Dems. Do. Your. Job.
32 million uninsured is going to be very, VERY bad for you.
That is pure evil
So unfortunate.  You are drinking the koolaid.  The Kochs are serving it.  Think for yourself!  Do what's best for Iowa and the US!
Thanks for looking out for rural healthcare...NOT!
SHAME ON YOU @ChuckGrassley #TimeForYouToGo #ProtectOurCare #SaveOurCare
@ChuckGrassley, BCRA leaves thousands and thousands of Iowa women, children, Veterans and people with disabilities without adequate care.
Get control of the fraud in Medicare and Medicaid! While the ACA not perfect, look at fixing it not scrapping it!! Please retire!
how do we fix something so broken it should have never been created in the first place? #timeforabiggerbandaid #thanksforhavingourback

The GOP has all the power right now so all I can ask is that u consider people who work full time & still can't afford healthcare sans help
Off topic, but relevant: How is it that a U.S. senator doesn't know that "White House" is two words?
I cannot find the words to tell you how disappointed I am in you.
You need to fix it instead of replacing it. We want the same plan you enjoy then you can brag about doing something successful.
Find the "magic" to kick millions of people off their health care, sounds like black magic. Y'all are dealing with the devil.
Who ya gonna throw under the bus b4 you get on it?  Grandma?
That's the spirit! Be brave and let your voice be heard #MAGA !
Thank you!  Try to sway the holdouts!
Need to get it done! Or we will get it done in 2018 ! Tell that to the rest of the Senate! You all had eight years! 
All of the Rinos need to be replaced.. starting with traitor Ryan.
OK see you when you get back...just a heads up, it's a "NO"
Thank you Sen Grassley. There are a lot of us suffering over this terrible law. We can't afford the premiums or deductibles. #Repeal
With WHAT?????
Senator Grassley, may I ask a question? Why would Republicans send up a repeal on Obamacare multiple times when BHO was POTUS but not now?
Pro Tip: "Magic" isn't how we do medicine any more, and it sure isn't how responsible legislation happens. 
Retire #troglodyte

Will you "replace it" with a free market, or just continue to statist ways of DC?
FULL REPEAL or GOP leaves us screwed with 18,000 pages of Marxist rules & regulation death traps
END IT ALL or get FIRED!
Grassley - we appreciate your support! 
Please Show this to the 4
Wait! Didn't you already vote to keep Obamacare for you & your congressional buddies? Double standard much? You're a big part of the problem
Happy retirement!!
You're gonna take a bus to the White House to find the magic that leads to yes? So you're in favor of legalizing LSD then?
Bipartisanship. That's the "magic". You know, your job
The magic ur looking for is #SinglePayerNow and how about U give up ur insurance & live on my budget 2 C what it is really like #outoftouch
Ok I'vel lost it. You're an asshole.
I've never thought you to be in the same boat as the idiots that say things like this. But I guess I was wrong.
I could scream at your job performance.
what
How do you recall a senator, correction, two senators?  Your lack of respect for Iowans vs. GOP party underminds belief in country.
