Please OPPOSE WH budget cuts,awful tax plan, hateful discrimination and the "deconstruction" of our government protections.
Collaborators.  .  You will be marked - your party @GOP @senateGOP in history Speak up or go down. #RemoveTrump #TrumpisARacist
For 8 yrs you block everything the last President attempted. Pay backs are hell
Well, aren’t you clever!
You are against regular citizens....admit it http://Chuck.How  DO you sleep at night...
You are a crazy man, you are supposed to be representing the people of Iowa not putting party first.
It’s called having the “brass” to do what’s right.  Why don’t you grow a pair....you continue to support POTUS...your just as bad he is.
ugghh Schumer
We elect people, not parties.
How great would a one-term senator be?
Time for you to retire. Do what is best for Iowa !
Anytime 3 Republicans jump ship on an issue it’s usually because they’re trying to screw the American people!
And by that I mean the Republicans are trying to screw the American people!

As a fellow Iowan, get your act together and do something to help. You are there to work together for us.
Senator. I am a constituent and I am embarrassed by your comment
Pretty crappy behavior, we are gonna fix that at midterms
And ppl in Iowa watch
Yep, sounds pretty simple to us "deplorables".  Think GOP senators really understand what you said.??
Can you even remember what it felt to have respect of the public for putting country ahead of party? Trump voters are not GOP they’re Bannon
Common sense: putting party loyalty ahead of country is selfish and unpatriotic.
This is very discouraging to hear as an American citizen
Ya, ahhh....You really need to retire!
I just came across your tweets in regards to @ChuckGrassley you sir, sound no different than the Orangutan!
The difference was he was trying to help people and you are trying to help...who?
Why is DIANE Feinstein allowing Chuck Grassley to Derail the SJCs alleged 'Investigation' of Trump Russia??
EXCLUSIVE: Senate "Russia probe" is not really investigating Russia, staffers say http://thebea.st/2fRffcU 
Stop the 80% of tax cuts from going to the filthy rich. Don’t you know that throwing a bone to the middle class will result in Dem Congress?
And it’s so frustrating to your constituents.
And you wonder why Congress has such low favorable ratings. Stop putting your party before our country.
So.  Better to vote yes on a bad bill, or obstruct Garland?  Must be.
Ask Potus to pretend he's part of Congress and brings his goons along for vote as this is really the next phase towards ending democracy
Please pay attention to the crazy rhetoric coming out of WH...risk of WWIII. What are u doing to control? Stop Russian attack on Democracy!
Stop them. Get them convinced to follow President Trump.
Sad!!!!!!
We need law & order for all, including you all & Hollywood
I'm guessing that you also meant to include our current unfit POTUS
Unfit?  Why?
Is it really *that* bad to reach across the aisle?
I hear word that all Democrats are riddled with rabies.
This is exactly why I've never voted for you and never will. Iowa deserves so much better than you Chuck.
Maybe, just maybe, Senator your policies and priorities harm more people than help. U were played by a double talking, NYC, con man for a SCOTUS judge. Iowa got air. No help for insuring Iowans. Ethanol trashed. Just quit before Trump sells Iowa to Russia!
You know you won't always be in power. If you think ahead ,eliminating Senate norms will come back to haunt you.
Common sense would be working across party lines to get a win for the people not your party.
Once upon a time we had a Senator who actually represented Iowa. Truly now a fairy tale. #Dissapointment
So you admit it's about winning, not doing what is best for our country & hard working Americans. Shame
Common sense: you’ve betrayed your country and oath of office to protect the .  Now go find the Alzheimer’s drugs they sent to your office
Bragging about game playing instead of putting the American people first isn't very attractive.
How about working w Dems.@SenSchumer to pass laws that benefits America and its citizens, instead of always seeking to pass laws Dems hate?
Common sense is treating issues practically not as us v them.
Common sense: if it was a good idea, maybe you'd get the votes.
No, you let bipartisanship prevail over petty politics every time 3 GOP “jump ship”. Governing isn’t a game. Our country loses if you don’t embrace bipartisanship.
Maybe if you actually tried to make good policy, instead of partisan pandering, you could get some bi-partisan legislation passed?
Common sense:  you cannot form an intelligent sentence!  #DrainTheSewer (YOU!) #LockYOUUp #MAGA
Perhaps stymieing Congress is in best interest of Americans. Majority despise the legislation you incompetent blow-hards keep coming up with
God forbid something should get done.  Point is to keep Trumpcult happy.  Pathetic.
Actually, every time you let Schumer hv a win, the entire USA breathes a sigh of relief that you couldn't inflict more harm on us. 
And the most important thing is to deny Schumer wins???
Nonsense: Violating your constitutional oath to install an unconstitutional justice.
When you're sitting down with your oatmeal wondering why these polls numbers are so bad, reread your tweet 30 times.
Or it could be that they feel greater sense of duty to conscience and constituents in their states than they do to a political party. 
Thank goodness SOME people have a conscience!
Time to impeach Donald Trump. You have the power. Use it for good.
Where do your constituents and our country enter into your political calculations? Schumer's "wins" are wins for Americans. Learn from him.
You are a mean, nasty, vindictive little man.
Well, you should work for us, not your dark $. Iowa elderly are hurting.
We're mad as hell and we're not going to take this anymore!
That logic isn't politics. It's childish playground posturing. 

Grow up and lead this country forward or retire so someone else can.
You betray you oath every minute you stay silent about our deranged president. You’d trade nuclear war for a sup ct justice and a tax cut.
You FAILED to REPEAL ACA.   Resign!!!
Trump has intentionally CHOSEN to let Puerto Rico & its American citizens there - DIE.  Senator take action!

Maybe you should have done your duty with Merrick Garland. Then you would only be a loser in regard to Trump
This is NOT a game you're playing Chuck. This is not about 'score'. Shame on you! It's about what's in the best interest of All AMERICANS. 
True. What's best 4 all Americans is what needs 2b done. Tax cuts 4 the wealthy & lg corps doesn't do that. Not abt ur 'win'. Should b 4 all
You are an obstructionist and you have put your party's interest over that of the people of Iowa and the rest of the country.  Resign
This is interesting.I also heard about some sort of Tennessee RNC ...study corporation cult...I mean group. Enlighten us,I’m sure it’s going to be quite a REVEALING monologue.
I wonder about the years of planning
Is it fun endanger our country & it’s people for a tax cut to the wealthy?Don’t u have to have people to actually make money?Have u heard of a National Strike?Don’t worry,I’m sure the market will http://recover.How  old will u be in 30 yrs?
Hi Chuck,have you had fun playing tRussian ConTrumpette?
Because your party is fundamentally against governing and beholden to a diverse, competing group of special interests
You're selling your country to Russia for the corn lobby? You're a traitor. #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump #LockHimUp
I just thank those Senators who are willing to do the right thing, in spite of GOP Leaderships (or the Presidents) horrible agenda.
@ChuckGrassley #SupremeCourt #FAIL
News Flash: your job is to protect our democracy. Cut the crap
Excellent point! You should do that more often!
Ready for the storm that will come tomorrow? This is on you @ChuckGrassley and every #GOP member who was silent.
BREAKING: Tomorrow 11:15 Eastern, Trump will sign his Executive Order on ACA. 1/
The GOP base is learning a lot about the Establishment, and especially the Senate, since @realDonaldTrump won.
A PERSON WITH COMMON SENSE WOULD NOT PRETEND WHAT TRUMP DOES ISN'T THEIR WORRY, AND THEY ONLY HAVE THEIR JOB TO WORRY ABOUT WOULD THEY SEN.?
Stop enabling sir.
If you call yourself a conservative and deny that you’d freak out if a Democratic POTUS said anything like this, pick a new label, please. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/918267396493922304 …
Really? Your showing your true colors - not about country over party; YOU are about playing games with constituents. Shame on you.
Seems not many in your party told the truth when you took an oath.
Common sense is representing us, not playing partisan games. Do your job.
Well solution is simple!  Fire your @SenateMajLdr and replace him with one who'll play political hardball with obstructionist RINO's!
Either play ball and pass our #MAGA agenda or lose your Senate Committee chairmanship and seniority if you join DimRats in obstructing!
But he votes for current Senate leadership and folks like him need to fire and replace McConnell with someone who'll play hardball w/RINOs
McConnell ran unopposed I believe.  If Grassley bucked McConnell I'm sure he'd lose his Committee chair unlike McCainiac who embarrasses
I'm not slamming Grassley I just pointed out that he needs to fire and replace McConnell if he wants the obstruction to end.
I didn’t realize compromise is “losing to the other side”
If real lives matter less than abstract beltway wins and losses, maybe it's time to retire and let someone who cares about governing do the job.
judges, you seem to have forgotten the most important thing you can do
Why on earth do u have to think YOU win or the other LOSES? Only thing stymieing Senate is middle school mindset. You work for US. REMEMBER?
Sick man, we’ve heard trump saying he’d kick some money to go easy on don jr.
What has happened to checks and balances? I don’t mean your bank account either
We all know trump is paying you to throw this investigation your job needs to go to someone that cares about our country,not trump and money
that's why back in the GWBush days I removed myself from the party. Now a repeat. No cohesiveness.
Common sense: pants burn leg wound is not a good way to govern.
Thankfully for America, the GOP is a hot, hot, flaming mess.  It's time for you and Joni to go. Iowans deserve much better.
Remember when you used to work together in the Senate to address real issues, real problems, real solutions?
You are obstructing justice & stalling the Russian investigation.  #RESIGN
Thanks for making it clear that the interests of Iowa and the nation isn’t what you are about
Why don’t U just get behind R Pres! Or get t HELL out of your office & make room 4 someone who wants to do t job!
Wrong, you have no common decency. Elected representatives should work for the common man, not special interests. Eat your words and retire!
Common sense would tell you that Trump hasn't started the Russian sanctions you passed and he signed?  Don't want to make Vlad mad?
Glad representing Iowans is a big fucking game for you. Resign.
Are you up to the task of leading a Republican civil war?

Rather than thinking purely about your party please consider your State. Straighten Trump out on NAFTA or he will decimate the farm economy
If you continue to support the racist in the White House people will vote you out. Be a man and stand up to him.
Vote him out? In 2022 when he's 89? 

Iowans had their chance but they re-elected him with "cynic-y and regress-y" @realDonaldTrump
#complicit
You were elected to serve the people of Iowa, not the Republican Party.  The fact that you see this as a zero sum game is telling.
Wasn’t that the entire behavior of Republicans during Obama’s last term?
What a childish, silly, tweet. You show your true colors.
It’s about winning for our country, not the party. Your comment is what is wrong with our current political situation.
Sen Grassley,We are All Americans. Americans work together 4 the common good.There is not US & THEM Americans. Stop partisan divide @JoeNBC
This is about the country winning - not Schumer / not Dems / not repubs and not Trump.    Do what’s right.
We didn’t elect you guys as a block. Not everything is about “winning” and “losing”. Solve problems through legislation.
The american people should be the ones winning it should matter if a D or R. We did not elect you to think in the terms you mention.
This is why we the voters will trim down the #RINO in the senate next year. @SenateGOP
Anytime you Republicans have a good idea, let the rest of the US know and we'll think about joining you to improve the nation for everyone.
You call it "Jumping Ship"?  What it is actually called is "Putting country before party". Quit acting like it is a game Chuck. #notsocommon
WTF Man! You're playing with the lives of Americans so you can put a gold star on the fridge? #voteemout
Common sense: Federalist 10 rival parties, and that measures are too often decided, not according to the rules of justice and the rights of the minor party, but by the superior force of an interested and overbearing majority.
Chuck, you work for us not your party. Shame on you. Shame.
We are sick and tired of legislation intended to destroy our government.
Mr. Grassley, there is no "common sense" in this statement at all. We don't care about partisan "wins" and "losses"! We care about solutions
Dems are told how to vote. And they ALL OBEY. Repubs are allowed to an opinion of their own. And it deprives them of power. CATCH 51.
What is your problem, respectfully?
Ssssnake in the Grassley.  Still trying to debunk the Steele dossier?
When are you going to join them? It’s not about winning R vs. D - it’s about what’s good for the country...
I pledge allegiance to the flag of US of America. And “to the republic” for which it stands, one nation...  NOT “to the Republicans!”
You and your agenda are doomed.  Get away from Trump now, and save what little of your credibility and legacy are left.
Dark forces have helped Grassley and his fellow republicans try to crush the middle class and poor by any means. Taxes, insurance, education
Let's hope there are always 3 of you with some wisdom. So far it's worked.
And anytime you just vote the party line without consideration if the impact you hand the people you serve another loss which is a disgrace
Sure wish you'd see working with Dems to solve real-world problems as a win for your constituents.
Why no Judicial positions are not filled. Common sense says GOPe have to go.
Another take; any time 3 GOPs jump ship it's a win for independent thought, for their constituents, and for America. It's not a game, Chuck.
The Senate should be stymied when it tries to pass a bill to eliminate health ins for 32 mil. AMERICANS and throw industry into chaos.
The Senate should be stymied on a giant tax cut for billionaires, raising taxes for lower and middle class, and exploding the nat'l debt
The Senate should have been  stymied when it approved nominations of DeVos, Price, Pruitt, Mnuchin, and Sessions
You GOP nitwits change rules to bypass filibuster and thank God you still can't pass toxic laws. Common sense: Retire.
Hey joker. It’s supposed to be about the people not you
Our country is watching those who block the peoples will to move this nation forward.
Maybe you should reach across the aisle. Iowa is a purple state after all!
We will vote those 3 OUT!
With that attitude more should jump ship just to make you look like a fool. #CountryOverParty @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
Did you have a stroke, Chuck? What the hell are you saying?
Maybe you should work on legislation that has benefits for all Americans so that both Democrats and Republicans will vote for it
Nice to know you're just playing some silly game to beat Schumer. What fun you must be having!
How about you do what’s right for the country for once and stop treating this like a game?
Works for me Chucky........I choose the other Chuck.....Mr. Schumer, if you please :-)
Why in the hell aren't you backing up Corker? We are literally watching a president unhinge. The  fallout will be on your hands Chuck.
YOU ARE THE SWAMP.   Thanks for putting this out there for all to see.
Chuck, its time you retire.  If you think this tweet is true, you sir are part of the problem.
it’s comments like this that have ruined Congress for a decade.  Please resign and let people who want to find common ground be there.
Further if you’re making that comment you’re already losing.
Or you could have some bi-partisan legislation instead of "wins" & "losses" Not to mention this 2017 #GOP agenda has been horrendous & cruel
Republicans have completely dropped all pretenses, they no longer sport the sheep coat over their wolf. Exposed and 100% out of the closet!
It is about winning do the nuke option whenever possible. Work to replace the rino McConnell
When will you understand that it's not about allowing another party to win - it's about what is best for your constituents/America?
Perhaps Chuck, the Country benefits. True.

My god, you wouldn't want to work with anyone else ever would you?  Both sides are to blame!!!!
Brother Grassley, the Dems are doing what is right for America. Republicans are again not living up to "equal justice for all"
Common sense: putting your country first shouldn't be about how best to deny the "other side" a "victory" #byechuck
Why can't you behave like a responsible adult with a position of historic significance. That's what everyone wants.
sorry i have no idea what this means?
maybe if 3 jump ship, you should look at what you are trying to do. The Consitution was designed to protect against majority power grab
Also chuck, can you for once, FOR ONCE, try typing an actual sentence. Or hell! Even a string of words that actually make sense together
Stymie the Senate? You don't say!

#MerrickGarland
“Let Schumer have a win” you’re more invested in protecting your sense of pride than actually meaningfully engaging with the issues
So once again...party before people. Pathetic.  Hang it up. You are too jaded to represent Iowa.
Come on Sen Grassley the people want the Senate to work together and get consensus legislation. Your not even trying.
Do your Damn homework. Write bills that make sense and are defensible. Thus far ACA replacements have been only political. Serve the people!
A good test might be whether you can actually write a bipartisan bill. Dems won't do what you did to obstruct for 8 years. Regular order!
Stop passing on republican line vote, judges that are anti-lgbt, anti people of color, etc. do your job in being fair.
Sir, it's time to leave office if you can't work with the other side. That's exactly what the majority is sick of.
Heartening to read so many ppl seeking #CountryOverParty from Congress. Hopefully they hear. Future senators, representatives posting?
You're really awful.
Sad
Glad at least someone in the Senate understands basic math.
Retire you old goat.
So you concur bipartisanship I'd dead in your @@GOP world. Good to know old man.
Isn't "the ship" the USA & shouldn't the senate be more focused on legislation that benefits yr constituents than on partisan gamesmanship?
“Stymie Senate” See “Merrick Garland”
I look at it as a win for Democracy & U.S.A. people. Move to Russia if you want one party control. Besides, WAY past time for you to RESIGN.
Weird>MAJORITY>3 investigations against their OWN party, ZERO against known criminals>HRC/Holder/Rice/Huma/Lynch/Comey/McCabe/IRS/FBI/DOJ+
Are you dealing with dementia now? Or are you only listening to your wealthy donors? Step down, Chuck. You are failing Iowans & Americans.
This isn't serving the citizens. It's serving a political agenda at all costs. This attitude is just as dangerous as Trump's.
and trust me, WE the PEOPLE will vote accordingly. People are waking up.
You just HATE working in bipartisan manner, don't you?! It's all "us vs. them" with your party.
TRY #CountryOverParty and TRY to represent #Iowa over 70,000 lose healthcare with EO and wind energy hurt by elimination of Clean Power Plan
