I have reason to believe most Iowans are much more distraught over many other things besides WH Tours. R U that out-of-touch?
great work will trump personally buy 13.8 metric tons of corn Come on man you will be forgiven if  start now being our SEN
Do you honestly think that is what your constituents are distraught about? #Doyourjob
how are public tours going to make distraught Iowans very happy? They're distraught over the actions of the prez and you.
We could care LESS about WH tours! Preserve this nation, our constitution, our democracy! Independent investigation NOW!
And I'm thinking there's a lot more for you to be concerned about right now.  Do your job!
We're distraught over Flynn's treason & you're patronizing disregard of your constituents' distress over Putin/Trump Admin..
why did you vote to confirm someone who showed up completely unprepared for their senate hearing @BetsyDeVos
Distraught about many things, but not White House tour availability!
My FL reps office says portal still is not open though. Awaiting our request to be submitted for field trip.
Now if you can get the White House to be transparent about other things? Russian interference, etc.) that would be great.
- please revisit WHTours - Told today by Sen Ernst office - tours will resume, the ability to make requests has not! Confused!
Want to calm distraught Iowans? Join @RoyBlunt in calling for an investigation of Trump & Russia! #DoYourJob #YouTookAnOath
we'd be happier w/ clean water & #NoDAPL We'd be happier w/ an EdSec who was qualified. Want me to continue?  #youworkforus
we'd be happier if you represented Iowa values in Washington instead of your donors
-Iowans aren't  distraught over no WH tours, we ARE distraught over YOUR support for Betsy DeVos. #outoftouch #retire
Also, thank you for calling attention to this! I read some comments from your constituents. This civics teacher thanks you!
Iowans are worried about much bigger issues than touring the WH.  Who would want to go there anyway?
.@ChuckGrassley I'm distraught my voice was taken at the polls in Dallas Co., in the halls of the Capitol, and now from the workplace.
"distraught Iowans" want u to stand up 4 us when we call u, not lament about WH visits. #Resist #Indivisible
no Iowans are distraught about WH  tours, we are distraught about your terrible decision making!
You are either actively ignoring constituents or you are senile. I say both. There's nothing worse than a senile snake.
we'd be happier if you held an open town hall in Polk County
We respect you too much. Don't join Judases McCain & Graham badgering this POTUS.
how about doing your job and getting our SCOTUS pick on the court and quit whining like a school girl.
Iowa's working class is literally being attacked. But yes, this is priority. Check that off your list. Such a disappointment
Distraught over #Flynn, Russian influence, corruption.What are you doing do investigate??
as Iowan I am distraught about Russia in control of executive branch.  Do something
iowans are distraught over a lot more than wh tours.  #votenopruit #showusyourtaxes #mentalhealthb4guns
We the People demand an investigation of Russian ties in this administration.  Please do your job.  WH tours low priority now
No WH tours not what I'm distraught about. Concerned about Russian influence, markets lost and no healthcare. Forget tours
we'd be happier if you called for a third party investigation of the corruption of our government by Trump & Russia
be a man.  Stand up to this treason.  Or go down with the rest of your party.
seriously, who voted for this guy?!
as a public schoolteacher in Iowa, I'm distraught over workers rights, Russian involvement way more than tours. Why aren't U?
So completely out of touch. You're underestimating Iowans, again.
=a gutless, doddering old pensioner, prattling on about tours while Iowans demand an investigation of WH collusion w/Russia.
, I'm positive that more of your constituents are distraught at losing ACA than about WH tour hours.
now you got that taken care of how about seeing if there are anymore Russian assets working in the White House?
while on that tour~DO YOUR JOB! Investigate Trump/Russia collusion. What did the President know? When did he know it?
NO I AM NOT HAPPY. WH tours? Who cares? INVESTIGATE TRUMP YOU TOOL
I'm not distressed about the WH tours, I'm distressed because GOP is not concerned abt WH ties to Russia. Priorities Chuck!
I don't think you understand what distraught means.
This Iowan is disraught that you support trump, de vos and all the rest. Oh, Flynn too, remember him?
You are an old man, and a liar, stop tweeting like a little girl. Spell out the words.
we are not distraught over @WhiteHouse tours. We are distraught over Flynn and Bannon and all other lies @realDonaldTrump
Mrs. B (me) appreciates it when CG responds to his constituents. (Never) We're distraught b/c of you! #cutgrassley
I'm more distraught that you don't seem to care about possible TREASON from POTUS. Investigate Trump re Russia NOW!!!
is trolling the good citizens of Iowa! Shame!
future history book: Chuck didn't care about his constituents, tweeted unpunctuated irrelevant shit, and loved nazis
Chucky I do believe that dementia is setting in.
Was this written by a 5th grader? You are a US Senator, I expect you to have some basic writing skills. #embarrassing
this is the last thing this Iowan is distraught about.  Let's talk about the relationship between the WH and the Kremlin.
you really can't be serious? This has to be satire! Please for the love of God, listen to us!!
Are you mocking us chuck?!  Be careful with that karma. Never know when a banana peel will be lurking around the corner.
I am distraught about you and your Republican friends letting Russia interfere in our country and no investigation
I'm distraught because all you stand for is dust and your just another GOP accomplice for and only for the GOP
We Iowans are distraught about you ignoring us. And your complete lack of backbone.
Nobody gives a shit about Whitehouse tours except maybe Putin. Could you represent this Iowan and do your damn job?
are you being sarcastic? Stop tweeting and stand up to Trump #iowadeservesbetter
@ChuckGrassley Any date yet given to you by The @WhiteHouse for @POTUS @realDonaldTrump's Rose Garden ceremony for federal whistleblowers?
it's official the best way to get a response from the HW is a by a public tweet....good grief
.@ChuckGrassley Why are you ok with this? It should never be closed to public tours.
I got 99 problems and WH tours ain't one.
actually I'm distraught about WH ties to the Kremlin. Independent Commission now!!!!!
distraught?  Too much drama! If that is the worst thing Iowans have to worry about!  Think national defense, jobs, the left!
Im distraught over the Russian influence in the actual WH.  Maybe u could tweet Kremlin for ur WH needs? @KremlinRussia_E
I am a distraught Iowan who wants to know what the connection is between trump and putin...NOW!
I'm distraught of the new Sec of Edu which you voted for after she donated $22k to your campaign. #bought #and #paid #for
HUGE priority. Glad you're fighting the good fight, Chuck. /s
Who cares?? Seriously. Investigate, Investigate.  Do your job.
.@ChuckGrassley glad to see you are addressing the most pressing issues
Perhaps you should focus your alleged "oversight" on the WEST wing of the WH.  There need to be MANY hearings over Flynn!
I think Iowans are distraught over your cabinet votes.
As others have said, your constituents have concerns that are much more pressing. I'll tell you about them next week.
Jesus. Grassley, it's time to retire. Let someone with some understanding of their surroundings take over.
Rome is burning and Chuck tweeters...
not the top of my list. Please support investigation of 45's ties with Russia. Get out of lockstep with 45
meanwhile back home I have ? multiple times for constituent  tally regarding @BetsyDeVos and get no reply. Rly letting me dwn
I'm distraught that you won't voice support to investigate #TrumpRussia.
Now can you get on to investigating Trump's Russian ties? Other Republicans are. HT @JoyAnnReid
REALLY? Trump's WH continues to embarrass and you are still worried about WH tours? Get a grip senator.
83!  What a joke.
Tell me why you don't think their needs to be term limits?
Can I get an answer on how you think this matters?
Can I get an answer to why you shouldn't retire at 83?
You have been in the Senate for 36 years.  Do you really think that is how democracy works?
You need to retire. At 83 years old you are so far removed from the reality of living as a real person.
How proud the great state of Iowa must be of $100,000 plus annual salary to now find your main objective is to be social dir.
No distraught anyone cares!  Is this what you really think people care about?
I mean, for the love of all that is holy...citizens cannot get a meeting with their representatives, and you brag about this?
you are so out of touch.  Do you even realize how ludicrous it is to citizens of this great nation for you to tweet that?
how about public tax returns for Trump? Or just #impeach45 for treason that works too. Happy Valentines Day MrsG
Iowans are distraught a 36 yr senate vet can't seem to initiate or force any oversight of WH & congress acts. #DoYourJob
.@ChuckGrassley
I'm distraught over Trump and please #Impeach45 now. I don't agree with Pence but I trust him with US safety.
I'm more distraught about Russian infiltration at the top levels of government. Investigate, or resign. #InvestigateOrResign
YES! How much did he have to do with Russia while under Obama? How much further back did this go?
Thank you. It was an insult to the American ppl when this was enacted. Born of pettiness and spite.
it looks the same as the last time you were there - except they changed the gold curtains. Back to work!
@Toure @potus "MALA", Make America Lose Again! Grassley is a Russian agent, under Putin and Trump. #TRAITORS
I did not elect you to worry about that. Stand up to the President and this incredible embarrassment of an administration.
We don't want tours. We want independent investigation of Russian ties in WH. Do we need tours so we can do it ourselves?
Iowans have plenty to be distraught about. Not being able to tour the White House is about 745,396 on the list
this distraught Iowan wants an investigation into Flynn and doesn't care about WH tours! #priorities
How will a tour help us feel better about you or this administration? Why do you never respond to our tweets
Could we maybe get Mrs G to worry about Russia influence on the WH? I guess that is the only way to get you to do your job.
shameful @GOP. We are watching & ashamed of your actions. Your ruining the @GOP remember your conduct-WE WILL!
Really? With all the stuff that is going on with this WH you are worried about when they will reopen tours?
To be fair, the Trump White House may not exist for long. #ImpeachTrump #investigatetrump
Can she get an investigation of Flynn/Trump and communications with Russians during election. Thanks Mrs G
Can you respond now to my tweet about #confirmgorsuch
Distraught over the White House tours? Get a grip-much more to be distraught over than that. Flynn? You are incompetent.
Instead of public White House tours, how about public hearings on Trump's relationship with Russia?
thank god
THANK YOU Chuck GRASSLEY!  You are a Great American!
Chuck did you write this tweet?
I am distraught over someone who the WH knew was compromised having access to national security. Start investigations now.
How about working on some actual national security issues? Statement on calls to investigate Flynn/Trump/Russia connection?
Great point. I want to know how connected he was when working for Obama too.
I bet they'd be even happier if Trump released his tax returns and the House investigated his connections with Russia.
Since people respond to your Twitter, can you ask for an investigation of Trump/Russia ties?
Way to kick some ass! Keep on Chuckin’!
