Can't a president engage in obstruction of justice in the privacy of his own Oval Office?
Waaaaaa. These meddling kids with their instant communication and educations are making it hard to be a lying cheater.Waaaaa.
I want to know why I ever voted for you? I expect elected leaders to be more devoted to truth and liberty than to a con man.
I'm guessing you won't be doing that again!  #VoteHimOut
You are correct!
Have you wondered why every cabinet member, team worker, S. justices was someone bad to democrats? Russia/Trump is Dems setup to gain power
Trump leaked classified intel - that only pep you should be worrying about. What is wrong with you.
Why is leaking more important than treason?
Morons trying to run the country.
Even if the private meetings are treasonous? Tell that to generals Washington and Arnold

^^^ I cannot reiterate enough this was said to Russians (including a known spy recruiter) inside the Oval Office, after banning US press. 
#GOP belongs to #Putin now.  #RussiasGOP will protect #TrumpRussiaCollusion at all cost! Throwing away careers to protect #TrumpCrimeFamily
GOP is acting as if is a #MoneyLaundering cash stream,or hidden cash of M1 or other assets, overlooked. #Singapore news feels lite
I want to know why GOP would allow this investigation to go when everyone has said no collusion & POTUS not being investigated?
Why aren't you concerned about Russian influence and the apparent involvement with the WH are you applying for Canadian citizenship Chuck?
Do you use a microwave? Well, there's your answer.
WE, the People, want to know lots of things.  Start talking... #TrumpRussia #Haldol
It was probably Trump himself.  You know he can't keep anything a secret.
We , the people of this country , the people you work for, want to know if our government is being controlled by Putin! Leakers R patriots
Congress isn't doing it's job.Checks/balances.There would be less leaks if you weren't covering for treason. You best get a lawyer.
Without leaking we would never uncover political crimes.. leaks are vital to keep you dirty politicians in check
For starters you might want to look directly at #TrumptyDumbty & #TeamTreason #TrumpCrimeFamily or #PresidentBannon
Senator.. u r old & not fully cognizant all the time. Take a nap, rejuvenate...then decide to put country before party, 4 once in ur life!
Ask Barak Hussein O'bama-seems he's more engaged in the matters of the #WH (now) than when he was in office. So glad he's dis-elected.
Diselected isn't a word. Obama had two turns as POTUS and didn't run. Read up troll!
Obama turned the country Into a third world banana republic of racist thugs and rainbow flag waving global warming carnival barkers
And that is why it's time to forget about environment, education, international friends and be led by an embarrassing imbecile. #blamebama
I want to know about the Russian connection and what Jared is up to.
It's about retribution & getting even(NEVER about lies )You should learn how to pronounce 'russian' (Rye-shun is word you'll be using often)
Trump told a dictator where our nuclear submarines are stationed and all you care about is who leaked what he said? You're a worthless hack.
Hopefully you get voted out next election just for being so out of touch with reality! Do you even know what year it is?
I want to know when you are going to do something about the Russian influence in the GOP and the White House.
You make me ashamed to be from Iowa.
Chuckle: Trump leaks about his own meetings! Typical of narcissistic, traitorous behavior!
Geez Chucky, you'd think you'd be concerned about Russians effecting our election and influencing the @realDonaldTrump administration.
Chucky Poopy Pants wants answers.
How much did trump pay you to say that?
Dear @ChuckGrassley we the ppl are grateful this unfit, treasonous, vulgar prez is being exposed. #ImpeachTrump
Trump gave out classified info AGAIN!!! Are you at all worried about that???
They are called patriots Mr. Grassly You remember what they look like? The antithesis of your reflection in the mirror Hooray for the party!
I'll bet leaks are coming from "John Miller" or "John Barron".  Check page 6 to be sure though
wrong question Senator.
He posed an excellent question. They are breaking the law and must be prosecuted.
If the information isn't classified its not illegal to disclose it. Just because its a "leak" doesn't make it illegal.
They are called Patriots... Constitution trumps secrecy...
Well, when the leakers hear treason going down in those 'private' meetings, leaks are the patriotic thing to do.
You would have shut down Deep Throat too - do your job and focus on the real problem - Russian attacks, Trump Collusion and Trump ethics
Yes, because the leaking is way more important than the information in the leaks. Be an American, dammit!
TRAITORS are loyal to no one..TRUMP leaks Government secrets to anyone who will listen!!!
That's an easy answer..it's one of you Republican TRAITORS!!!
Oh Chuck they're not leakers, they're patriots. Remember Watergate Chuck!
Trump has very loose lips - have you looked at him for this crime?
You are a hack!!! Step down now. Don't you care at all that Trump is leaking such sensitive Intel? Bravo to the WH leakers!!
Fixed it for you
Are you afraid what you are hiding will be the next leak? What are you afraid of? #TrumpRussiaCoverUp is catching up to you.
We all know it's @realDonaldTrump.  Oh, but leaking to Russia is ok, just not the American press.  Got it.
John Barron, dope!
And Chuck Grassley is supposed to represent AMERICAN people.
Make sure nobody leaks the traitors.
I think Chuck answered his own question with the hashtag.
Can't wait for the @ChuckGrassley leaks. They have a hard on for "leakers" while their boss has "leakers" tape him in Russia. Fuck chuck!
What if during that private meeting something illegal was done? They are supposed to keep that private? #ImpeachTrump
You like it when Russian media invited to private meetings, but hate it when Americans find out what was said.  #TeamTreason.
Everybody hates a traitor, Chuck. Well, at least everyone who isn't intent on destroying the country. Leakers are heroes!
I want to know why you're more worried about leaks than:
- collusion
- sharing classified info
- obstruction of justice 
- treason 
- idiocy
Hi Chuck. Ever been to federal prison?
What you should want to know is why there is so much foul shit going on that there is a need to share it with the public.
Let's look in to your campaign finance and see what there is what do you say chuck
It's our house. Whatever jeopardizes the well-being of country should be known.
Start looking at #TrumptyDumbty
Private isn't classified. As Clapper said "if it's not classified, it's not a leak".  Do your job and impeach the Traitor in Chief Senator.
Maybe because they're scared to death that Trump will be the end of this country and folks like you are protecting him.
HA!
Patriots.   People who actually are putting their country ahead of their personal ambition.  You should try it sometime Senator.
Are leaks more important to you than treason? (And I think we all already know the biggest source of dangerous leaks!)
Haahaahaahaahaahaahaahaa
"WE'RE SUPER INTERESTED IN CATCHING THE INDIVIDUAL(S) RESPONSIBLE FOR LEAKING OUR ILLEGAL ACTIVITIES" - The GOP #criminals #treason #impeach
Yes, because with the nation in turmoil over Russian collusion with Trump, the main focus should be on HOW WE FUCKING FOUND OUT ABOUT IT.
What does it matter who the hero(es) are that are leaking? Focus on the treasonous acts of the administration & the GOP being complicit.
If you guys weren't committing treason, you wouldn't have to worry. Don't get mad at the real Americans who exposed you for who you are
No, not if Trump continues his own blurting out of secret intel, etc. They are heroes. Country over party. Learn from it.
Trump gives you a treason for living.
I want you to do your damn job but you won't.  You sit in complacent,  complicit approval of treason. All so can benefit the wealthy. Ugh.
Chuck, do you know how to erase your browsers history? I will assume you are using Internet Explorer 1 beta on a Commodore 64.
There's a giant fire, but I want to know who the hell called the fire department!
Tell that to your Potus who is blabbing  secrets to our enemies.
So, TO YOU, leaks are more important than safeguarding our elections? More important than finding Russian moles and securing cyber networks?
It's one of the "best" people.  #somuchwinning
I'm thankful for the leaks Chuck because we'd never know about this otherwise. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Chuuuuuuuck Steve Bannon to Breitbart.
And public officials' meeting are public property. Not to mention: YOU remember Nixon? All the "leak-pluggers" went to PRISON.
They are ppl who love this great nation unlike traitors like you & the so called current POTUS

You would rather conceal obstruction of justice and other crimes, for the sake of the criminals' "privacy?" Time for you to retire.


I want to know what you're doing about @POTUS colluding with Russia. And I pay your goddamn salary. So quit dicking around.
I want to know who the ppl r in the @GOP enabling a Russian puppet POTUS. "Patriots" are supposed to be patriotic. #DoYourJob
Typical blind old man....stop and get your head out of your ass. 45 is the biggest leaker in the WH
Worried about leaks when many @GOP committing trason?
Tell your stupid President then.
When you're more worried about leaks than protecting the country, you are a hack.  But we already knew that about you. #TheResistance
Perhaps the leakers are afraid of the destruction and total lack of competence the Bigot and elected officials like YOU are displaying!

True. And president is supposed to uphold Constitution & laws, and Congress is supposed to provide oversight, etc. We aren't in normal times
Patriots #GOPareTraitors #TrumpRussia
#conscientiousobjectors Focus on the horrors they recount, Senator. Do your job.
Some people object to treason and become "whistleblowers." I know you're familiar with first term.
heh, he said 'leaking' and @POTUS ...
Chuck, it's trump.
Chuck Americans want to know WHY the person elected to the WH is leaking info to boast of his status?
@POTUS is supposed to be 4 US interest
Your moron President is!
I want to know why GOP Sens & Reps who take an oath to defend the Constitution instead defend the traitorous criminals in the White House?
I wanna know why y'all defending corruption?
Chuck amuck gather your marbles and exit the building quietly
You should be addressing them as "Patriots".
Uh oh Chuck. Afraid someone is going to leak something bad about you?You seemed awful chummy with Makarov and a plate of pancakes a bit back
Worry about the #TrumpRussiaCoverUp and get to the bottom of that. We're talking Treason with a capital T and that means trouble.
Did you ask the #POTUS.  Heard he has a blabber mouth.  Likes to give confidential info to despotism leaders.
You didn't give a crap about Podesta's privacy did you, you hypocrite.
if you pay attention, you will know.
#25_for_45
You should be thrilled, sir, because...after all, leaks drain swamps.
You go Chuck, Fuck the country #partyovercountry #GOPisDead @GOP
Worried about something Chuck?
Sad that the big orange asshat will be ousted?  45 is a traitor.
I'm guessing you thought Toto should be euthanized for pulling back that curtain.
Here are your leakers
You're a US Senator and you tweet like a 13 year old!
Much like the medical treatment between a Woman and her Provider is meant to be confidential?  Glad to see you finally recognize #RoeVsWade
It could very well be Trump himself as he has years past.

Private emails  are supposed to stay  private as well, but you guys live for wikileaks
Private emails are apparently only for the republican flavor. Didn't see your buddy Assange leaking any of the RNC emails - tho he had them.
Isn't it Dina Powell to Maggie Haberman ?    Hmmm
Sorry Chuck, the Constitution trumps the @POTUS. You've made it clear, party above country. Leakers are bad, Treason is worse. #RESIST #Ω
And hey Chuck Im one of those pesky Independents that has a chip on my shoulder about both parties. Theyre different sides of the same coin.
Like meeting in Oval Office with Russians with no American press, only Russian press?  Yeah.... way to go. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
All these anonymous leaks are intentional to undermine our President and his administration.  All Americans should be outraged by these acts
#Grassley & Russian friends
Check we own USA. Worry about leaks to our adversary RUSSIA. Democracy operates in the light of day. Dictatorships hide their actions
How do you feel about someone stealing emails and posting them online?
2) That's like inviting your ex into your man cave, locking out current wife and telling her it's none of her business.
1) Then don't invite the enemy into the Whitehouse for exclusive meetings.
we ALL would like 2 know the answer 2 that, Mr Sen. info indicates they do.
When they are making it up it could be anybody.
This is the one that it says was deleted when I tried to comment
Spy's should be shot!
Wonder what you'll say when Trumps fully exposed- & majority of Americans see the leakers as the True Patriots.  #CountryOverParty buddy.
Why do u care? Ur party was all "anti-corruption" before you elected a swamp admin.
@Jenny_MommaBear Just look for the #NeverTrumper PPL along with the Obama holdovers!
I would like to know why you sold your soul and turned your back on America. You go first.
Have all people in private meetings swept for bugs before entering the room. Funny nothing gets "leaked" in MarLago.
Chuck, politicians are in OUR buildings, on my payroll.  Nothing, except national security should be private.
They are the patriots, who are not so keen to become comrades

A'hemm
what are you hiding chuck
Holy shit Senator! When will you be concerned about possible treason? Party before country again?
YOU & your PARTISAN CRONIES are EXACTLY what's WRONG with this country!! SHAME ON YOUR PARTY OVER COUNTRY ! Americans are SICK of it!!!
What about leaks from Mike-iavellian Pence?  Or #AltWrong Bannon? Do you think recent leaks came from the Kremlin? THEY were in the room! 
I want to know why you can't see the Godzilla ripping apart the nation in front of you? Shame on you. Are you in on Russian collusion too?
With you eloquent usage of the written English language, it could very well be you.
Suck it up, Chuck.
They’re heroes Chuckie, not poor excuses for Americans like you and your cohorts. Don’t let the door hit you on the way out old man.
I remember when I used to say "I may not agree with him all the time, but I respect the way Grassley protects whistle-blowers." Fool me once
Yupp, let's keep Donald Trump's treason private!  ...WTF!! NO! ...Keep the leaks coming! #ImpeachTrump
. Are you kidding?! That's what you're mad about??! Do any of you have any inclination to live up to your oath? JHC!!
Isn't it shocking that a crude narcissist is a bad manager and doesn't inspire loyalty in his employees?
The "leak" was in the Official White House Transcript of Trump's treason meeting.

Treason is the Real Crime!

#TrumpRussia #KremlinGate
Hey Chuck, it's me.
Shouldn't a "private government meeting" be an oxymoron?
$2+ Trillion of $19T DEBT,shud been #Payrolltax on Gov Checks,cud be $3T over last 30 years #NOT COLLECTED #WTF RAISE THE LIMIT,Lower RATE
hahaha .. take a good look at pee head #trump your boy ..
You're not doing your job nor are you fit to lead. Your obstruction of M. Garland is grounds for your removal.
The failing NYT always use their best source, You know "unnamed and anonymous" What happened to " All the New That's fit to Print" masthead!
Russia state media was present for the meeting. That means "not private." That means "not a leak."
FYI-When you and your party worry more about leaks than the traitors the leaks uncover, you show your true colors. #Collusion
You're like a child. Distracted by a blinking light. Unable to focus on the real, grown up issue that's right in front of your face.
Could be leaks but also could just be made up stuff?!
They're the ppl who didn't sell their souls to the Snake Oil salesman. 

Yours went cheap.
What are you hiding?

#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Amen! #POTUS has right to have a private one on one conversation with anyone he chooses as All Americans Do
I wanna know if the POTUS is obstructing justice, and why he tells Russia things he won't tell us.
Are you even concerned abt @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP actions?  Or just keeping them quiet?
I am just guessing you are wanting to thank them for doing the JOB that Congress refuses to do!
