Public. Hearing. Under. Oath.
Wow. You've really clarified things. I didn't realize you were an expert on congressional testimony and have learned all the laws. 
You'd think a lawyer would be a little more eloquent, and a better writer. Let me guess...Trump U?
Thank you for subpoenaing manafort. This admin is not good for US. Who knows what trump has already promised putin.
I would like to know just what you/judge comm thinks about trump surrounding himself with our top Generals? He seriously needs help
Who are you kidding how did you sit there and let kushner lie to your face ...disgusting
why are t you being disrespectful to your liberal senator Feinstein ? Hypocrite
It was good to see McCain/Feinstein on the Senate floor/he reminds all of us what our government is-checks/balances-You don't work for trump
Huh??? I'm supposed to pat you on the back for making him sweat a little? What's happened to you, Senator?
Wouldn't testifying under oath be a bit "tougher"? You are such a Trump shill now it's embarrassing! Retire!
What is done in the dark must be brought to the light.  We the people have a right to know.  You, as my Senator, should inform me.
Yup. It's a walk in the White House garden, w/u holding kush's hand, singing Tiptoe Through the Tulips in Russian, you traitor.
That's what You are getting paid for.........not tweeting
So the point is be "tougher" rather than get the truth out? Please GOP, govern.
KUSHNER had his fingers crossed the whole time....really not under oath? What a joke!
This is how the @gop are killing democracy @SpeakerRyan shame
We wouldn't know, since you saw fit to let them spin their tales behind closed doors.
I still can't fathom why we are chasing Russia when we have criminal evidence on hillary and investgs needed on lynch & Rice............
I love my SENATOR, @SenFeinstein   She is brilliant and principled.
You just keep telling yourself that you're still relevant, @ChuckGrassley and not a Trump puppet.
ACA needs adjustments, not repeal. We need protection from insurers. Time 2 legislate for people not corporations.
Mr. Grassley is the most honorable of patriots in the senate. We love and thank you sir!
If 20 plus million people getting affordable health care is so terrible, where are the rallies demanding they be uninsured?

Even Donald Trump's photo ops are lies.

http://shareblue.com/trumps-victims-of-obamacare-actually-saved-by-obamacare/ …
By @KailiJoy
Did you ask and gotcha questions?
Where is my answer to why FBI was trying to but Russian dossier on trump ? Make it snappy !
The GOP has lost their way.  Stand up for what's right.
Im beginning to think youre involved inthe the russia cover up   no guts chuck lock you up
Grilled hillary for 11hrs under oath    kushner fir a few minutes not under oath   disgraceful gop cover up
#Investigate #Impeach #Imprison Rinse & repeat for every @GOP who colluded and or obstructed justice. 

Chuckie, that includes YOU!
You allowed Kushner to testify behind closed doors and apparently not under oath. Wow. What a tough guy you are. #disgraceful
Puhlease.  Hillary Clinton was required to sit for 11 hours, UNDER OATH and on TV.  You are a shill and the GOP will never recover from this

Donald Jr. has hired Sen. Chuck Grassley's former staffer to represent him in Russia probe by Grassley's committee. Drain the swamp, indeed. https://twitter.com/levinecarrie/status/889543331222573057 …
Sad day when we cannot trust our elected officials to uncover the truth.
Thank God for our form of government. The media won't let there be any cover-up. John McCain
We'll never know, right @ChuckGrassley? And you want it that way with no public hearing.
Or completely stupid because you surely don't believe all US are. Your voters sure are...
You're either complicit by taking money or you're looking to score some other way. No testify under oath=bullshit lies.
Trust has completely eroded w/ Trump's admin, now the question is if Congress can be trusted.  Answer will GREATLY effect next election.
Is your job to protect the President (as Trump believes and texted) or the Constitution and country?  Your actions speak to this.
So @ChuckGrassley negotiated Jr's hearing with Jr.'a new attorney who just happened to work for .....@ChuckGrassley. That's messed up.
We have no doubt you'll work tirelessly to derail investigation & steer questions to HRC.  Resign now!
Under oath with the TV camera rolling.  It's the only way to ensure transparency.  They have no respect for your staff
Save it Chuckles - It's all going to come out any way. Do you really want to be remembered as 45's water boy? #DoYourJob
Why not under oath? Not like Kushner or Trump Jr would lie or "forget" to mention something.

Bull crap. You are covering for treason which makes you a traitor. People of Iowa, vote @ChuckGrassley OUT!!
You should be ASHAMED of yourself for saying this-you'd have been better off keeping your mouth shut. You have-or should I say HAD-a legacy.
Jared was coddled for 2 hrs by STAFF, not Senators. You weren't even THERE. No Senator was. He wasn't under oath/not talking to "Congress."
He could--and probably did--lie with impunity. Your conduct protecting the puppet of Putin and his colleagues is disgraceful. You KNOW this.
You have info not available to the general public. You KNOW there's TREASON in the air.  PUT COUNTRY FIRST, damn it--for once in your life.
You are not a young man, there aren't that many more opportunities for you to do the right thing. MAN THE HELL UP. Put COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY.

Trump's nominee to run Justice criminal division once worked for Russia's Alfa Bank. @charlie_savage @adamgoldmanNYT https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/07/24/us/politics/brian-benczkowski-justice-alfa-bank.html?emc=edit_tnt_20170724&nlid=1811197&tntemail0=y&referer= …
You grilled Hill for 11 hours! In the open! And came back with NOTHING, and still persecuted and harrassed and spread lies about her!
This pig and his spawn get to testify out of the public eye,and not under oath?For what, an hour maybe? And I'm pretty sure rep made excuses
Do both.
#PublicHearingUnderOath
The watchdog is now a lapdog.
That doesn't answer the question of why you allow them to get out of testifying under oath
Prove it. Release the transcript.
You're a coward & a disappointment.  Your whole agenda is based on protecting @Potus and his entire crooked administration.  Shame on you!
Not with you setting tone of this hearing.  We've already seen what your goal is in Russian Investig.  Cover UP, DEFLECT, insinuate NONSENSE
Why not under oath in public? Who do work for Senator? Iowa or Russia? Stop colluding with the Trumps #GOPWeakOnRussia
God I hope so.
Would somebody teach Chuck to do a thread so he doesn't have to do these weird abbreviations to keep it under 140 characters....
"On record intrvw with me is like a walk in the park." Fixed it for ya.
Why would we trust you to be honorable in this again?
If you continue to put party and power before the people of Iowa, we won't forget your betrayal, believe me.
WTF is this mumbo jumbo?
English old man
He says as if the Senate is functioning normally! You blew up norms by blocking Garland & things have worsened since. We don't trust you.
you got no spine you got no loyality to America. your a joke.
So sorry you are working so hard. (rolling eyes) TELL US real news!!
Jared stil has his security clearance which is terrifying. You have been sabotaging this investagation and moving like slug. No one trusts u
Absolute bullshit and you know it snake in the Grassley. You can't look more complicit than by coddling criminals.  How much did you charge?
The truth will prevail and you will not!
He's a grown man who put himself in a very bad position.  No pity needed or deserved.
Did he tell you about this??
Why not open? Why no oath? Unacceptable period.
his new lawyer Lynch once worked for you & negotiated this kid glove "interview". We will remember your attempts to obstruct
Perhaps he shouldn't have committed the crimes that brought him before you all to begin with.
Senator, You are facilitating treason when you handle Kushner with kid gloves. Be a US patriot instead & protect rule of law with strength.
Know what else is hard?Open hearings under oath.Don't obsfucate the fact that you are now complicit in the RU attack on USA.
BS! Americans deserve public hearings, under oath, & u know it! We remember the look on ur face, & @SenFeinstein's on March 15th. #russia
American people deserve answers
you and @SenFeinstein make a cute couple
Old white men do not type this way.  Is this an assistant?
Check out this video on YouTube:
Oh how I wish that were true, but you've put party ahead of country before-- re: your shoddy treatment of Garland. I've lost faith in you.
lol. you're on a sinking ship. keep rearranging the deck chairs.
How would we know, should we just take your word for it. Like we should just take @PutinRF_Eng word for it, not acceptable and you know it
@SenFeinstein We would like an explanation as to why this isn't in full public view under oath..
Yeah. We see how you handled other Republicans blatantly lying b4 your committees.
In the end, Trump will force conservatives to decide if they love rule of law more than they hate liberals. I'm not confident in outcome.
History will remember if you're on the side of America or not. So far, don't think it's looking very good for you.
The entire @go
So why not put him under oath?
Why not under oath?
No one believes anything that comes from your twisted mouth.
We're not buying what you're selling. Do your job or resign from the committee.
Whatever. You're a traitor. History will reflect this.
Maybe he should just retire, what do you think?
Slimy, revolting, illegitimate administration, and you are making this a cakewalk for them.  Do your job and defend America.
No need to speak in private if there isn't anything to hide.
GIVE. ME. A. BREAK.  Jared and Don Jr. should testify in front of America.  That's called transparency.  You are pathetic.
Poor DiFi is going to be heartbroken when it is all uncovered and you were complicit. She seems to genuinely care for you as a human.
That's the sad thing. We dems were demonized so much by these traitors when we just tried to help people. Then we get scapegoated 4 it-Shame
Your time to show whether you're an American or a Republican first.
Sure it is. Now he can spin it. Put him out in public, under oath. Keep helping them.
Why did he want a back channel using the Russian facilities if did nothing wrong? Phuck out of here! The congress is a phucking joke!
Not the point.  American public has a right to witness this hearing and for reasons of transparency, should be public.
Oh please, miss me with this b@llshit! He isn't above the law! Do your damn job! Country before party!
I do not trust you.
2) to testify publicly! Kuschner who had mtgs w/Russia after told they interfered w/campaign,gets closed doors and not under oath! Not right
DEFINITELY  NOT. You are enabling this administration.
1) Bullshit Grassley. It's clear that you are putting party before Congress!  Comey, a highly respected man known for his integrity offered
When are the  American people getting the transcripts?
Will Russia get the transcripts before we do?
Release the interview, then.  Show your work.
"Can" but won't be #sellout
It COULD BE under oath and public if you wanted to actually fulfill your oversight duties
There comes a time when it is just over....the time has come.
Not under oath. Not in public. It's a sham being pulled on the American public. #WindowDressing 

Thoughtful conservatives see what's happening to our country with clear eyes. Why not @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP?
Let's see if you can make it as tough on them as you did Hillary. Instead, you'll just chitchat, then blame Obama. I have zero respect 4 you
Need more tax money?  Just let us know Senator!  #DrainTheSewer #DrainTheSwamp
I predict You and the GOP spend all your time asking Jared about Hillary's emails....you're not part of the collusion, just the cover-up
Yea right Grassley! That's why he's behind doors and not under oath! You are not worth your title as Senator!
Yawn
What is so difficult about appearing under oath if you have nothing whatsoever to hide Mr. Grassley. If were Democrat, much different story!
Chuck - this is a circus.  This Iowan wants every republican out of congress, including you, based on lack of spine.
Gosh, Chuck - you seem kinda defensive. Wonder why?
Except that not being under oath he can lie much easier You and your cronies will never prosecute lies if not under oath. Way to cave coward
You're trying to draw sympathy for him?  HOLY SHIT!
Riiiight. Because that's why the scum agreed to it when you offered the out?
Cowardly
When will you acknowledge #FannieGate & the release of 30 docs from @POTUS44 @BarackObama @USTreasury @FHFA admin PROVING #FRAUD #THEFT
Under oath
UNDER OATH
PUBLIC HEARINGS
NOW!
Thing is, Chuck… we don’t trust you. 

Never. Trust. A. Republican.

Ever.
Why not under Oath? Please Senator start protecting OUR Country... Be a Hero in this mess!!!
If no risk of perjury Kushner likely dissembled as he has over past year.
Tougher still seem to be you making his testimony public. #Resist #TrumpCrimeFamily
How about you GOPers tell Trump that if he fires Mueller (by appointing new AG) then you will impeach him? Your silence is green signal.
Sen. Grassley, would you explain why these tough interviews could not be televised?  Thank you
We really don't care how hard it is for a witness to tell the truth. We only care about justice. Spare me the "this is difficult" BS.

Are you REALLY  sympathizing with this traitor???
I will not be voting for your reelection. Don't be silly. You do understand how stupid it is to NOT HAVE SOMEONE UNDER OATH!
American people want public hearings under oath. We demand it. We deserve it. You don't serve at the pleasure of the president, you serve us
Nothing is believable if not under oath,  lies prosecutable by DOJ. No one trusts  Senate to go after any Republican for lying. Do your job!
No deal should've been made.That is NOT total transparency & furthers the dialogue that something diabolical is happening.#MotivationMonday
Lol not even under oath...disgusting
That's crap.  DO YOUR JOB re Trump et al and Russia. Choose America over traitors.
.Thanks for your efforts. I just wish it could be quicker. A Democratic VIP charged will calm things on the Trump side
What role did Karina Lynch have in this "interview" process? How about some transparency?
We all know your aim is to protect trump &Co.
Oh, please. @chuckgrassley is a trump toady trying to give #PrinceJared the chance to lie and correct if caught.
None of it admissible into the public record because you caved. You've less of a spine than @SpeakerRyan  All you're doing is obstructing.
They should be testufying  UNDER OATH.
Why no oath Chuck? Seriously? This is a legal matter, not political. Stop aiding and abetting this treason.
So do a public one too. Less enabling and coddling Chucky, not a good look as far as your motive/any legacy you have left at the end of this
You are still treating them differently than any other people would be treated.  Protecting them. Shameful.
The problem is that YOU lack credibility, sir. #CoverUp
Results or it didn't happen.
Then why is the guy who you want to try and use to blame this on the DNC going to testify in public unlike Kush / Manafort?
So why aren't you investigating Clinton Podesta DNC Russia connections? FUSION GPS giving you middle finger...what now?
Make it public
Then why not have a publuc hearing  why are you shielding the traitors  The public deserves to know.
This is transparent excuse-making. Why are you helping them in this process? Get Kushner in a public hearing, ASAP, please.
Do you work for the White House, or the American people?
How long did this last? 30 minutes????
Well if you say so....Jesus what happened to my party? 0 backbone anywhere.
PUBLIC HEARING, UNDER OATH. This is the same as the 9/11 commission....
Then what does he have to lose? STOP COVERING FOR HIM.
So, we have to take your word for it? How many times have you stood up to Trump? THAT many, eh?
my?
Found the Math problem in D.C.
Grassley is part of the cover up now. No accountability for anyone in the GOP. Above the law.
Crazy isnt she

In the end, Trump will force conservatives to decide if they love rule of law more than they hate liberals. I'm not confident in outcome.
Yes right. "Hey little Jared, you didn't collude with Russians right?" 
Jared: "No sir"
"Ok. Want a lollypop?"
are you going to share the record after the interview?
GOP cover up
Maybe. But the American people have a right to know, Sir. Especially when there has been an assault on our democracy
And the transcript will be made available?
