History won't remember ethanol. Chuck Grassley's legacy will depend on his integrity regarding Trump. Duty, Honor, Country. Trusting you.
He did make the call public. it's a good sing
A bribe is a bribe. Announcing it publicly does not change its intent.
But it gives the recipient the ability to take it, then act the opposite of the intent. Grassley is much better at this game than Trump.
Announcing the call also lets Mueller know it took place!
I will admit I am not one of your constituents @ChuckGrassley. But I am a USA citizen that cares about my country!
Your job is for the people of the USA not to make an extremely unpopular supposedly President happy. We will be watching you...
Bought cheap
Quid Pro Quo Senator? Going easy on Don Jr. in exchange for ethanol?  You are Dirty, Dirty, Dirty! So sad, you were once respected!
Shame! Shame! Shame!
Hey, Mikey Likes It. WTF 2nd grade vocabulary from the 45th.
I must agree: bad, good, great, horrible, deal, me, I, best, and in the history of.
And,  "people are telling me, lots and lots of people are saying..."
I bet you do!
You sound like a 6-year old who's been bought off with candy. Trump is an ass ass ass who committed treason treason treason. Keep up, Chuck.
Only reason Trump did that was to buy you off.  It was right before Don Jr. testimony.  Wake up Chuck.
ethanol is a waste of land and water
He bribed you, didn't he.
Chuck Grassley is just like Trump: corrupt, corrupt, corrupt. 

#TrumpJr #EthanolPayOff #TrumpRussiaConspiracy
He doesn't know what ethanol is, but kudos to you Senatorfor your powers of flattery and persuasion.
nice attempt obstruct/influence & 2 u this good thing GOP grand ol prevaricators, party above all including country
Wow. You think people are naive. This isn't the 80s   People are on you in milliseconds.
when you consider the abuse chuck has been taking it is obviously clear he cares nothing about what you think. He is a phony good ole boy.
Stand up for America Mr. Grassley
Senator, you'd be better off WITHOUT @potus 45's support. Lowest polls in American history is not same concept as all press is good press.
and you are bad bad bad for America.  You are corrupt, and helping Trump will be your DOWNFALL!  Adios!
How about talking to him about ways to fix Iowa's health insurance. #repealandreplace we were promised for years and senate failed us! Sad!
Sure, Russia never came up.  We will see what you do next to try to stop the investigation on Russia/Trump.  We don't trust either of you!
Ethanol is a joke fuel and a gift to special interest. #bullshit called
Wow. I think you have to recuse yourself.  It looks like @realDonaldTrump bribed you. "You take care of my son, I'll take care of yours. "
That  fossil probably wants to go back to leaded gasoline!!
You know it's a Bribe right?!
And now that he's granted your wishes-- are you going to look the other way & cover for his crimes?
Of course he did; right after u announced a transcribed hearing of Don jr.Ethanol is an illegal bribe & 45s attempt to obstruct justice
Senator, ethanol is a jobs program that hurts our environment. Why don't we keep the jobs program, and do something less harmful with it?

You know he was playing you, right?
Why would he call you about #ethanol #etha24 hrs after announcing it would come before your committee.  Something seems off.  #quidproquo
Russia, Trump wants you to forget about Russia old man.
It's funny how after that call you are talking about Comey & Hillary it couldn't be more obvious what that call was about
Why is Don, Jr. testimony now closed? Why did you ask FBI to open Clinton invest again!?
u r as corrupt as DJT!! Hope u can sleep @ night! It's time  u r out!
u sold ur country down the drain over ethanol & kiss trump"s ass & let DTJr off the hook4 his crroupt meeting.# Russia
Bribery. You are smarter than this. All about JR and testimony
Oh really? How convenient the timing. Nothing to do with his sons testimony? #ObstructionOfJustice
We know what's going on @ChuckGrassley.
If it is what you say...I LOVE IT...especially later this summer!
He calls abt ethanol stance one day after CNN reports Jr will testify before Judiciary? Curious/predictable
That's swell but it's still your job to complete investigation re: Don Jr. and ties to Russia. This is your duty to the all American people.
You're being played and don't even know it. #obstruction
Ethanol is NOT good. It is bad for our planet. He just called you because you are speaking to jr next week. So play along with him
CAN YOU REALLY SELL OUT TO TRUMP THAT EASY? YOU GOING EASY ON JUNIOR AT THE HEARING HUH!.................
Be a miracle if he mans up!
Sadly, ethanol will be going the way of Beta...VHS....cassettes... you get the picture
He could give a shit about ethanol. He's bribing you to go easy on Dunce Jr and his colluding with Russia.
Hr knows you're in charge of an investigation into his son's illegal collusion with Russia.  So obvious!

Donald Trump has an ethanol deal for Chuck Grassley, who will be speaking with Donald Trump Jr. soon http://ow.ly/dvFo30eOYnD 
So he promised you his support for ethanol and you promised to take it easy on @DonaldJTrumpJr when he comes before the Judiciary Comm.?
Are you letting trump con you into letting his son off easy?? The country is watching you. Are you on the side of the law or trumps?
Seems suspect! What is he giving you in trade to let his Traitor son get away with. Sounds like obstruction#11. Get a spine,save America.
And if u go easy on his son because of his bribe, maybe the two of you can share a cell, cell, cell.....
Taking bribes from the "president" is illegal, Chuck.
Will Chuckie act as Juniors defense attorney throughout his scheduled interview b4 Senate Judiciary Panel? After this, chances VERY HIGH
The world is watching you. Hopefully you don't ruin your reputation and let Trump buy you like so many others. Remember. We. Are. Watching
Oh and of course there was NO Connection to report yesterday that Junior will be testifying before you soon right? GOP IS the Swamp.
bribery is a crime - so is trying to rig the outcome of this investigation
"good good good" for whom? Not the 50% of households than own passenger vehicles; not for petro workers; not for alt oxygenate developers
I'd rather feed the Poor people of the World; than your Gas Guzzling, Bea mouth.  Do you  believe that Christ created corn to depress gas -
. . . prices so the Rich can purchase it cheaper; thus; taking food from the mouths of the World's Dirt Poor?  Moral Values upside down!
CHUCKSTRUCTION!
So what's up your sleeve now
Ethanol is shit It Uses More Energy To Produce Then It Gives Back. It Destroys Fuel Lines Ruins Carburetors & Fuel Injectors Kills MPG!!
Koolaid anyone?
Did you let him know invest of him and family is going good good good? You know he only cally you to be buddies and try to get you to stop.
We got it! Trump is pressuring you on Jr, Manafort & Kushner meeting w Russians. You are not playing Russian roulette w Trump. Transparency!
Nice tit for tat on the Trump Jr. Testimony...  let me guess... this wont affect your opinion AT ALL RIGHT??
Obstructing justice while being investigated for obstructing justice.
Again Chuck, when will you release transcript of Fusion GPS? #SteeleDossier #TrumpRussia #MSNBC
What else will this pay off? asking for millions of friends.
So, you're saying you'll be paid off to NOT release the testimony you said you would release?
He is only pandering to you to protect his son & himself! Get real & stay honest.
Good for transferring more wealth to the wealthy. Bad for everyone and everything else, e.g.
Yes for a price, you are now a paid stooge for 45!
How many people do you think actually believe that?  Just coincidence it is the day before Donald Jr's testimony?  You are corrupt.
SHAME he trying to BUTTER u up to go easy on his son @DonaldJTrumpJr . #WETHEPEOPLEORWATCHINGU #UWONTGETAWAYWITHTHEFOOLERY
NOTE: ethanol is not “good good good.” Worse for the environment than  gasoline and subsidizing it indirectly leads to higher food PRICES
So, ur gonna let hm influence ur investigation in 2 Donnie Boy, way 2 facilitate a coverup...bad ldrship
Seems like most people commenting see this as a bribe.  Did you report this call to the FBI?
Nice of him to think of you the day before his son testifies before your committee. Pity you didn't mention how inappropriate his call was.
So Trump is bribing you?
Thanks @ChuckGrassley for outlining your #ConflictOfInterest #IOKIYAR before meeting @realDonaldTrump #corrupt son @DonaldJTrumpJr 

#RESIST
Really interesting timing Chuck. Assuming 'loyalty' came up in the convo & tit for tat, that kind of thing.

Did you discuss wind power?
And I'm sure you informed trump that you will not be bribed to go easy on Jr during his testimony right?? #TrumpRussia #BeALeader #Integrity
As pleased as I would be to see Ethanol investment the timing can't be ignored. Can you swear to your impartiality, Senator?
America can not afford for your investigation to be compromised by political favors.
Is that a direct quote?
I am sure it has nothing to do with Don Jr. going before your committee!  Couldnt be that.  What did he promise you Chuck?
Ethanol is double plus good! And freedom is slavery!
You'll be receiving a request to meet w/Mueller's committee soon.
As someone responsible for investigating @realDonaldTrump and his treason, what did you offer him in exchange for this?
Trump cabinet making personal $$$ on ethanol.
WHAT? Higher-ethanol blends still produce significant levels of air pollution, reduce fuel efficiency, jack up corn and other food prices,
& have been treated with skepticism by some car manufacturers for the damage they do to engines. What does it matter..EPA is on it's way out
Don't go too hard on Trump Jnr otherwise the Orange one will be unhappy....
Mr Grassley you cant BS THE AMERICAN PUBLIC anymore... especially to praise this president, he's a failure an you will b too, cut n run now!
Let's hope chuck isn't being bribed. No one is above the law. Not even chuck. No more scum in govt. Trump must be ousted
Just outta the blue when don Jr is testifying? Wow! How many other senators did he call yesterday? How many times has he called you?
I think you meant its doubleplusgood
you too colluding with @realDonaldTrump and thereby @Russia? Shame.
I sure hope this isn't a Trump bribe to Grassley to go easy on Junior Trump when he testifies before the Judiciary Committe. SURE LOOKS IT
That's so weird that he called you now. You sound like you're trying to cover for something. What could it be?
Where the heck was Kelly to say "bad idea sir" when tRump said "Get Grassly on the phone, I want to talk about ethanol"
If you and yours get Brian Benczkowski expect obstruction on Russia probe - snake in grass @SenFeinstein @SenFranken @MSNBC
He's also working you on Brian Benczkowski vote and Don Jr. Don't drink kool-aid @SenFeinstein @SenFranken @qctimes @DMRegister @nytimes @AP
and We the People know a bribe when we see it.
Wow that's good timing since @DonaldJTrumpJr will be testifying before Judiciary Committee soon.
Quid pro quo? #TrumpRussia
And you immediately recused yourself from any investigation into the Trump clan's shenanigans, right?
I hope @ChuckGrassley doesn't let the thumbs up from POTUS re: ethanol influence the way he handles junior & Russia probe. Don't be fooled!
Yes all of social media knows & waiting to see if TRump Pay Off to you to back off Jr. works cause ALL Amer EYES on YOU NOW We see You shame
Right. It's good good good if you take his bribe bribe bride. @GOP #DirtyDon #DirtyGOP #resist #MASA
Because trump has you by your balls balls balls
He knows jack shit about ethanol Trumps just sucking up to you because you're questioning Don jr over the Russian meeting let's be clear.
@Kris_Sacrebleu @realDonaldTrump 
Sure ... except not for car engines.
Interesting timing. Did he also tell you Don Jr is a good good good boy. Like he told Comey abt Flynn. #trumprussia
You could end up having to testify before Mueller's grand jury re obstruction of justice. Hope it's worth it.
God you are gullible.
is that the price to let don jr off the hook
A call that should not have been taken.
"Grassley's office told http://DailyMail.com  it wasn't sure what prompted Trump's call." How about KOMPROMAT and Obstruction of Justice.
And he knows Junior is bad, bad, bad. DT IS a politician People. A dirty one.
Gee, I wonder why he chose now to talk about ethanol? (Wink, wink)
What happen to being honorable even when it is frown upon- Like why cant we have honorable people? Trump is a con man- Grassley come on
Is their any republican with a real spine? smh My goodness
Ethanol? Do you do business with Cohen too?
Are you implying you are being coherced to deviate from the investigation or are you being bribed?
That Trump is bad bad bad
We all know that the whole system is corrupt corrupt corrupt @ChuckGrassley @realDonaldTrump
Tlkd 2 @realDonaldTrump about ethanol +he knows that ethanol is good good good
All subsidies distort the market. Supporting wasteful ethanol is a way to buy votes from corrupt farm state politicians. #resist
B/c it's totally normal for the president to call up the Senator investigating his son's Russia ties & say "Yay, ethanol!"
Wow, you think his sudden interest in Ethanol may have something to do with Jr. testifying soon? Watch-out! You lie with dogs, you get fleas
You can squeeze Trump for more than a lame pro ethanol statement. If you go easy on Don Jr, @realDonaldTrump might let Iowa annex Nebraska.
hahahahaha, Chuck. You misspelled "tlkd to 45 abt going gentle on Junior when we 'interview' him tomorrow - I said 'yes', Your Highness"
P.S. Americans aren't that stupid, Chuck - are you?
How deeply invested are you in ethanol?
"ethanol is good good good"... baby talk from senile senator or are you reproducing normal (for 5 yr olds) speech pattern for ?
Quid Pro Quo? Besides your soul What else is Trump's little ethanol cheer going to cost?
Ethanol competes for land & resources that feed people. Gas prices go  food prices go 
good good good for u, Sen. Corruption
Trump tells people what they want to hear, he'll either be out of office or will forget out you once he gets his way #BeAPatriot #Impeach
Let me guess, you were there last one to talk to him about it?
Yeah. Nice timing. Coincidence? @DonaldJTrumpJr & talking to Judiciary Committee? #Traitor
The way to buy off anyone from Iowa is whisper the words "ethanol" and "Federal subsidy" into their ear....
You're #Complicit Chuck and a TRAITOR! #LockThemAllUp
Hey Chuck, Donny is playing you. Don't take the bait. Don't let him bribe you!
STOP with the BS! Everyone knows why that TRAITOR in the WH called you! What are you getting for helping @DonaldJTrumpJr? You're a DISGRACE!
Chuck - your time as a senator can't end soon enough. Please stop embarrassing Iowans.
... Haven't seen ya lately ... you still make no sense ...
Trump is playing you for a fool.
Pandering: when you start tweeting like 45
When is the last time @realDonaldTrump pumped his own gas?
Actually it's called CONFLICT OF INTEREST. RECUSE YOURSELF.
Real subtle. FYI, we care more about democracy than ethanol. Trump and Jr. leapt at the chance to collude. You better hold them accountable.
C'mon @ChuckGrassley , you are not that naive.  Are you?  It's Trump, he's playing you. Be a real American.
No, he just wants u to protect his son, son, son.  Standup @ChuckGrassley don't let America down and fall for @potus tricks
He doesn't give a damn about biofuel. He's BRIBING you, & the world is watching.
Hey that is awesome when is his son testifying in front of u again? The founders of this nation would love u

But he also likes yellow snow
Chuck, You bore us with your incompetency. Just another Yes Man.
Just make sure that Trump is not buying you. It would be your political and business end.
Not for my lawn mower! And other small engines. Ruins carburetors! Corn is better as food!
He's trying to buy you off so you spare his kid!  Do the right thing for the country.  Ethanol will survive, but Trump & crew need to go!
Chuck, you got the pro-ethanol call cause you're investigating his kid. You're not that naive.
The old "wink wink" phone call.
you don't even care that it looks like a bribe ... sickening
lol dude prepare to be screwed
He's gonna get corn holed.
Be careful, Senator. History will judge you on your ethical stance.
Ethanol= "I need you to look the other way for my criminal son Don Jr."
Coincidentally his son will be on a hearing with you !no credibility!!  Come on Hawkeyes knows better that that!!
@Kris_Sacrebleu @realDonaldTrump  Hey Chucky, do you mean for you, you, you?
What?!
The honest people of Iowa are watching you @chuckgrassley. You sold us out on healthcare, you've been "iffy" on treason. R u compromised?
What legacy are you leaving to your grandson Iowa Rep @PatGrassley ...will he follow in footsteps of integrity or treason/corruption?
Senator Grassley, he's conning you. Did he bring up the Russian investigation, pressure you, as he has SO MANY others?! #TrumpRussia
No need, he's already in trumps pocket. Doing all he can to stall and end Muellers investigation.
what type of ridiculous tweet is this?
