Get a job pay for your health care!
Always gotta be a paid troll 
Awww this all you got George Soros troll

Why has POTUS who swore to protect US from ALL enemies, foreign & domestic,...............
Are you going down in history as the Republican who STOOD UP FOR USA or the one who let her fall ?
Now let's talk about healthcare and how the Republican senators are crafting a bill in secret.
And, while the FBI may not be investigatingTrump for collusion, it definitely is going after him and his family for financial crimes. Watch.
It would be great if the GOP in the Senate and the House would start supporting @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Just saying.
@AGJeffBSessions However, on 9 December, McCain arranged a one-on-one meeting with Comey, with no aides present, and handed them over.

BREAKING: #Comey found out @AGLynch would shut down any charges against @HillaryClinton.
If Trump fires Mueller, it is an admission of guilt.   He is not above the law.
Chuck! Chuck buck, bo buck, bananafana fo ...k- it's too late...Chuck! 
Appreciate your integrity & overriding intent to discover the truth in the Russian meddling matter & possible Trump operatives indifference
Show us the healthcare bill
When are you going to put country over party Chuck? If you think there isn't anything to hide, then what harm is there in investigating?
Self-anointed Emporer Comey's blind hatred for Trump is why he let hillary off the hook! It was crystal clear during the testimony!
yes Senator Grassley is the only Senator to let Corrupt Comey know he means business asking the right questions
Why is there a special counsel when Trump was under investigation? Mueller is not bipartisan. Do you care?
Any attempt, by Trump, to fire Mueller or impede his investigation, should be treated as obstruction of justice & result in impeachment!

and to uphold the Constitution; why has he not demanded to get to the bottom of the Russian meddling matter?
It's unconscionable!! Maine 
Still humiliating Iowa with your partisan drivel? Trump is corrupt in so many ways, and you keep covering it up so you can please donors!
Finally, the IC is coming for @realDonaldTrump. It won't end wekk for him and his children.
How can Mr Schiff be part of a committee when he was chanting Impeach Trump with Maxime Watters in LA today?
What matters most, Comey or Trump? Neither!  It is that the Russians have attacked us, we are at war and no one is DC is doing a damn thing!
Totally ridiculous to continue investigation when Comey said no Trump collusion & he wasn't being investigated. GOP should never allow this
I will read what I want to read.  I'm sure as hell not going to read it now if you like it.
As usual, you are on the wrong side of Russia and American History.  C'mon. Get real.
Finally read this piece. Who is the winey baby now? Right on Ms Strassel.
Do your job and actively support the investigation. Your giving farmers from Iowa a bad reputation.
Partisan garbage. Figures you like it.
Comey abused his power withheld documents from you sir ,so he can make a decision of of sp to exact revenge
Question; Do you realise how many people voted for President Trump and support HIM over Senators?
Wasserman Shultz threatened Capitol police it they didn't turn over those computers she would cut their finding . That was televised
Read classified documents were arrested and then the pakinstani were able to flee the country to Pakistan . What was comey doing
I would like an investigation into wasserman Shultz threatening Capitol police, house democrats who hired Pakistani who stole equipment
Please hold Trump accountable for traitorous collusion with Russia to sway election and lying and obstructing investigation.
Thank u Senator.  Very proud of work u r doing in DC.  Keep pushing, I know u won't let us down!
Have u & @gop no shame?? Whatever Comey's flaws/mistakes, isn't our President who is thoroughly corrupt and lies like a rug. What do you do?
Please rewatch the Watergate Congressional hearings. That is how this should be done. How will YOUR party be remembered in 40 years?
Clear YOU'VE pledged your loyalty to Trump.
You should be ashamed.
Please proceed with demand for transparency & working with your colleagues in bipartisan manner to protect our future elections from Putin.
Thank you sir for being an American this week! Fewer and farther between these days.
Thank you for holding Comey accountable.
No! Have u seen the freakish corruption & incessant lies emanating from @potus? Can u imagine how betrayed we feel by @gop? Your conscience?
"Recall that the first article of impeachment of President Nixon was for obstruction of justice."   L is for the Law
I read it. More deflection. Can u believe Trump over Comey? Can u say Tump is honest? Can U be honest and patriotic and not just partisan?
Be on the right side of history. Proceed with investigation of Trump obstruction of justice. Bring TRUTH back to government.
Thanks for all you do @ChuckGrassley
Blame Comey for everything 
Utter BS, Trump &co colluded with the Kremlin plain and simple they are traitors and should be treated as such
And those who are complicit are traitors as well.
Insist that FusionGPS release info on who paid for fake, Russian dossier at info@fusiongps.com  America is under siege from their clients.
An oped doesn't take the place of an investigation Senator. Your constituents want the truth. Too many Russia connections.
Our President is under siege by those who paid for fake dossier. FusionGPS must release documents. America must see who started the lie!
Just Impeach Trump and get it over with & Put more Sanctions on Russia!
I read it and found it ridiculous.
Chuck, this is not how Twitter works. If you want us to read something, provide a link.
Why are repub. Senators creating a health  care bill in secret? What are you afraid of?  Show some leadership, Chuck! History is watching.
You mean like Obamacare was created and passed  b4 anyone could read the entire bill?
You must have missed the 79 hearings in the house and nearly 100 in the Senate in 09 and 10 before passing obamacare.
Ps comey getting a 10 mil book deal to dish dirt on trump and Clinton ? Conflict of interest ? He worse than a paid informant
You're the one who said: "Oversight brings transparency, and transparency brings accountability." 
Comey brought transparency to bear. #HERO
"P" = PATHETIC PERSPECTIVE! Op-Ed @ Comey, Subtitle says "What his Thursday testimony made clear is how much he has damaged the country." 
Comey's a PATRIOT who has upheld his sworn oath to defend our country & Constitution. YOU have a sworn duty to do the same Chuck, WILL YOU?
You've been in public office 58 yrs Senator. Your legacy will all depend on WHAT YOU DID or DIDN'T DO to protect our democracy under Trump.
When this house of cards that Trump has built w Russia comes tumbling down...and it WILL come down... what side of history will you be on??
You are deplorable at least act like you care Russia took over our election, act American
comparatively, anything will be superb compared to your dissembling on River to River Thursday.
Has your GOP pervert in chief resigned yet?
You and the entire GOP are now covering up a conspiracy to defraud the elections. Shame on you. #trumptreason
Chuck is a great man!! Keep up the good work
Question, when was the last time your family did an intervention for ya?
CHRISTMAS IDEAS 4 THE ***TRUMPER IN YOUR LIFE*** (cheap!)
Can't find it, did they delete it?
Many perspectives but only one truth.
Link please?
stop hitting on Kimberly you horny old man
