Hey @ChuckGrassley , Conservative political analysts say you might be involved in the Russian tampering of our election. #RESIGN
suck it up and move on
Please @ChuckGrassley put country before politics. Condemn Comey firing, demand special prosecutor.
Forget that, everybody else will. They'll remember you for pooh-poohing a special prosecutor & the idiotic way you questioned Sally Yates.
In fact, why don't you retire right now. You are showing yourself to be incompetent to hold office.
"Suck it up and move on?!?" You little weasel!! We see you, Chuck - and it isn't pretty. 
"At the pleasure of the president?" Is he a fucking KING?
WE TRUST COMEY AND THE FBI MORE THEN GOP
As Americans SEE beyond all doubt tht we are NO LONGER living in America as A Land of LAWS -Americans Rwatching CLOSELY2C which Republicans-
Investigation w special counsel needed
Investigate Comey's firing, Chuck. You're sinking with the ship.
U and Republicans are nothing but turncoat. The Repubs will do anything 2protect this crooked president. American ppl will not forget this!
I don't trust you, I don't trust this administration  #IndependentInvestigation or #Resign
Trump fires the FBI director who is investigating him and you think that's ok? Another example of party before country #unamerican #shameful
Why are you not questioning the President firing the head of the agency investigating him?  Are you Compromised? Independent
Do your job (which is for our country, NOT your party) and join in insisting on investigation of Donald Trump STAT. Thank you.
Except you already haven't done your job. I see that this morning you're already defending trump and blaming Comey. It's not ok.
TRAITOR
Drumpf isn't draining the swamp; he is the swamp!
Independent special prosecutor now!
Independent Investigation on Russia 
The @POTUS just fired the guy investigating him for treason, and you act like it's just another day?  Disgraceful!
#complicit #TRAITORS old men going to prison
SENATOR WHAT ABOUT HILLARY CLINTON. SHE JUST WALKS
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR NOW, PLEASE
Mr Grassley your silence is deafening! If you aren't demanding a special prosecutor tomorrow- you sir are unfit to represent our state!!!
Will send this country in2 a spiral we will NEVER Bable to get out of- & those Repubs who will B 'Party overCountry'. History will NOTbKind

Jeff Sessions in November on Fox News: "FBI Director Comey did the right thing when he found new evidence. He had no choice" 
.Hey if conversation runs dry with the Canadians, you could always talk about healthcare. #AHCA
You could spend the rest of your days living in New Bedford full-time if you resign right now. I bet it sounds tempting!
Demand a special prosecutor or become part of the cover up. Your choice.
What do they have on you, Senator? Deflecting from Trump/Russia at this point is indefensible. Truth will come out! #MarchForTruth
Even my dog knows 45 is a traitor! Are you? #ChecksAndBalances #impeach45
Collaborator
Time for SPECIAL PROSECUTOR on #TrumpRussia. We're in a Constitutional Crisis. COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY. Iowans are holding you accountable Sir!
I would ask you to do the right thing regarding TrumpRussia and healthcare, but it's obvious you're a greedy old man who lost his way.
I have no faith in you as an Iowan or an American. You've put your interests ahead of those of your constituents.
Any chance you will admit trump is corrupt?
You are a traitor to your office. U don't work for Trump. U work for us. We need the #gop to put country over party. Do your job or resign
You followed T & Co right into Putins hand. You  need to #resign
I read your statement on the Comey firing. You are on the WRONG side of history. #IndependentInvestigation or #Resign
Independent prosecutor or resign
Traitor
It's time to call an independent counsel to investigate Trump's Russia connections.
Still primarily concerned about 'unmasking'? Do your job, impeach this criminal.
Can you show us where you sought to censure Comey for his statements about Clinton back when he actually made them?
Resign
No one is more incompetent at their job than @realDonaldTrump. He is closely followed by corrupt enablers & compromised GOP administration.
Trump's playing you like a fool
Tunnel collapse emergency declared at Wash. nuclear site - CBS News.
why haven't you accepted .@SecretaryRoss letter to start NAFTA trade Talks? Why delay on this effort.Time to put AmericaFirst
You sure backed Trump and Putin yesterday .Oh that is right you hang with Russians
ELLEN DO YOU FOR GET ABOUT HILLARY CLINTON AND 700,000,000.00 DOLLARS PLEASE LOCK HER UP
You punked out at the #RussiaGate hearing yesterday, by parroting #45's morning tweet. #ImpeachTrump and you too. @mjk815
The LEAKS!!!WONDER WHY THE GOP ONLY CARE ABOUT LEAKS? Scared??
Senator, #H1B. High priority. People are sick and tired. Mining jobs are fine but #H1B scam is going on untouched. This should stop.
Whole industries taken over by outsourcers displacing US workers and preventing graduates enter the field to get that experience. Disaster.
