Very apparent from the questions you asked during hearings, Senator
You mean like Elijah Cummings drooling at Democrat people testifying! Talk about kissing butt!
Deflection is all you have left. Keep it up
I'm a republican and all we are doing on my side is deflecting! It's disgusting how much we are trying to cover for this unqualified moron
There has been a kangaroo court that has prosecuted &adjudicated,this Potus without a scintilla of evidence! There has been No Crime!
That's a kangaroo court?
Linda went all snowflake on us and blocked me
It's insane Omar, I'm a republican! These clown trump supporters actually believe this man! I've known him for 16 years! Played golf with
When the people cannot trust their own government (and we don't trust YOU @ChuckGrassley) leaks protect the rule of law. #vital #patriotism
This is indicative of the lack of trust the people have in you all. THAT is how we ended up with this sh*t show, anyway.
I don't trust you to be impartial.
Why? so you and @GOP cronies can  further corrupt the investigation?
Oh sure
Um, where is the disclosure on the Hammer?  Show us the goods, then maybe trust would be earned.
Yeah I'm sure the guys who won't stand up to trump or Russia are the people I would trust with My safety and I'm certain they'll be honest
They are going to cover up info about Trump?  I don't think so
Absolutely they will.  @GOP is all about party over country.  Pass tax cuts and repeal super-popular ACA. Follow the $$$$$
Misunderstood. Moving too quickly to catch up after being at work all day. . My apologies. And I didn't see it was Grassley.
That's for sure 
Why would/should anyone with info believe you GOP ppl?! You ALL literally sold every American out. GOP cannot be trusted!
Obama sold us out w/ Iran nuke deal.he sent $3billion  in cash & gold in the middle of the night in to the largest state sponsor of terror!
It was Iran's money. What better nuke deal are Republicans pushing? Last idea that I remember was John McCains plan to bomb.
Iran gets minimum 30-90 days heads up to inspect & it's the areas Iran has allowed, not all in question.
Okay, I know the current plan. What is GOP plan?
I'm old enough to remember when people did more than denounce classified leaks.
Clearly this is so misguided Twitter wouldn’t let you have the full 280 to post it.
Why would they give you info>? Youre in on the scheme. Your actions (or lack of) tell us so!
The president told Russia about higher-than-top-secret spy information. I don't trust the government with him in it.
Lol were you in the room? NOPE was wapo in the room NOPE. You are so worried about Top secret info? CLINTON had a server in her basement.
Were you in the room when Booth shot Lincoln? Nope, well then it never happened  The White House NEVER denied that he shared secrets w/ 
Those who can be bought should be found out and fired! #draintheswamp
Too bad it's not a Dem in the White House. We'd all be amazed at the speed & tenacity with which you pursued every lead.
Retire traitor! #GOPCesspool
Except it sounds like you all knew all of this and did nothing. "Keep it in the family" - Paul Ryan
& then you can hide the truth. Everyone knows you are as guilty as #Trump.  Its all over your face everytime you talk.  This confirms it.
Whistleblower laws protect them until you and the other Republicans can gut them just like R's tried to gut the house ethics committee.
we don't trust you. We have watched your public hearings.
Chuck, you and other Republicans can no longer be trusted with confidential intelligence. This whole nightmare will not end well for the Republican Party.
You can thank your colleague Devin Nunes for eroding any trust in Congressional impartiality. That and collusion by the .@GOP in this affair
There is a traitor in the WH.  As I have officially contacted you here I expect you to investigate. Aren't you required y law?
Why isnt hillary and huma prosecuted for the documents sent to Weiners laptop. Grow balls abd get these criminals
No one w/any sense has ANY respect/confidence in today's gop, except to know that you will obstruct & cover up, placing party over Country 
Last time i looked in the free press, the republican majority congress was more concerned about discrediting whistle-blowers...not protecting them!
Except no one trusts Congress to to uphold those laws right now. And with good reason.
You won't act on it. You'll bury it. Press makes it public. Forces you to act.
Sir, from an outsiders perspective the people don't trust you enough to then act appropriately, clearly the issue.
As one of your constituents, please shut up, you sold out the common man decades ago.
The USA was ATTACKED BY RUSSIA!President DID NOT TAKE IT SERIOUSLY-DID NOTHING!You want Americans to b angry w/leakers putting out truth? 
Your party is calling out lifelong patriots BY NAME when their careful work protecting our country runs afoul of the disgrace in the WH. GOP will not be trusted for decades. You grandchildren will curse your name.
Grassley, the FBI works for US, OUR country, not the republican party. Since you lack ethics/morals..they don't trust you w/ good reason.
You are complicit Senator! How dare you.
My table mate at National PrayerBreakfast is Mr&mrs Makarov He is long time member of Russian… https://www.instagram.com/p/BQArE9HhMiZ/ 
Senator should be as aggressive in finding out what happened during the election as he is criticizing the FBI.
How about you do your real job instead of defending the corrupt regime? You ppl turned USA into 3rd world country
Chinese firm promises Trump approved green cards on behalf of Kushner company: report http://hill.cm/A6SE3QS  
Hi @ChuckGrassley - I'd like to report a senior Republican official colluding with Russia's Marakov, his name is "Chuck Grassley" cc @FBI
PRISON FOR THIS BASTARD!!!#MuellerIsComingForYou
Wht's w/all th abbvns? Hvnt been appved for 280 chars yet?
The leakers are actually the patriots in the #Trumprussia equation.
Not when you're involved and attempting to stop an investigation at every turn. #treason
Bullshit
Why should anyone trust you? You are not worthy of trust. You disrespect the American people ( remember booze, women,movies?) so such disrespect will be returned.
Please sit down and be quiet. You are embarrassing Iowa every-time you open your mouth. You are part of the TrumpRussia problem.
You mean report it to the body the Republicans have now destroyed, yea real funny, I wouldn't give the republicans my moms meatloaf recipe let alone confidential info, enjoy being the party of #AntiRuleOfLaw & don't forget this oldie but goodie Party of #47Traitors #TheResistance
Which cemetery?
Bye Chuck
Think this way: after your career in public service, what will the history books write about you?
Would be easier to swallow if congress wasn't full of crazy people like @MaxineWaters @SenWarren and @chuckschumer.
And when they no longer trust Congress to do its duty...?
Says the party who thinks leaking about treason should be the focus of the treason investigation (instead of treason). Please
You are not trustworthy any longer. Sad.
Hey Dotard Traitor Waste of Space, you do know twitter allows 280 characters now?
They would if they actually TRUSTED YOU!
You should probably just remove your withered lips from Trumps ass
Trump is Putin's #cockholster and then it's like the human centipede all the way down the GOP line
You won't do anything about. You and the rest of the GOP have shown you out party before country.
Thats the dnc buddy...
The delusions of the dnc is the joke. The trump/ russia narrative is based on nothing substantive. The political theater is to get ppl riled
Why would anyone trust you Chuck ?
BWAHAHAHA!! Right, Chuck. People should trust a Congress controlled by the GOP...BWAHAHAHA!
Marakov-does that name ring a bell?
Omg! If you followed facts, trump would have already been impeached and removed from office! Actions vs words my friend!
Hahahahahahahaha
Chuck, you are as corrupt as they come! #WeSeeYou #Complicit
Define “important.” Do u mean important like Hillary’s having a space alien baby or Robert Mueller’s running a black market adult diapers & Dentu-Creme enterprise from the back room @ Comet Ping Pong? I’m not FBI, but I’ll be @ ur office 2morrow AM b4 ur secretary opens the door.
"Confidentiality protected". Translation: your info will never see the light of day.
My read is that the Whistleblower Protection Act doesn't cover disclosures to Congress.
So he was lying even about that. Shocked and stunned. These guys.
Anyone outside the Gov't is free to report to Congress; I'm just not 100% certain about federal employees.
Gotta protect your man huh?!
If those same people felt like you would do something of merit with the info, they'd probably bring it to you...
THIS
With all due respect, Dennis Montgomery tried with every intelligence agency and was turned down. That's why he went to Freedom watch.
Dennis M's credibility is iffy. The Montgomery/Sheriff Joe/Tim Blixseth situation doesn't look good
No doubt that Montgomery is a sketchy character. But would Larry Klayman take his case if it was not legit?
I don't know. I like Larry and follow him. But I also adhere to Pres Reagan's maxim: Trust but Verify!
Not one of your constituents and did not vote for Trump but the media and Comey are trying a coup against Trump. He was duly elected
You're GOP. Americans can trust you about as much as your buddy, Putin.
All gov employees know that whistle blowing = career suicide. Useless.
Speak English.
Trump literally asked Russia to hack our election and the Democrats DURING A PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE.
Trust Republicans? They'd end up in prison and Trump would end up getting away with it.
#I LOVE THAT THE WHITE HOUSE IS LEAKING INFORMATION FROM THESE MEETINGS! #IT'S HILARIOUS AND PISSES TRUMP OFF, WHICH IS WHAT I LOVE THE MOST
@gop Congress frankly complicit, ignoring bottomless corruption of Trump Inc and @potus, attacking "unmasking" vs danger of NSA mole! Why?
Oh like anyone should trust Congressional Republicans. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. #gop 

#whistleblower #leaks #clowncar
Like u would do anything about it?????
The country can't rely on you.
Keep fighting; been wondering if bad guys outnumber the good. Still hope not. Would think 1 honest Joe would do the right thing & speak up
Mr. Grassley, the GOP has given them no reason to have confidence that what they have to reveal will be investigated or acted on.
Yeah #feet2fire don't tell on #POTUS doing illegal things.  Embrace it.  Stop blaming the traitor president. #F16 #IAFootball
You & your colleagues are more interested in protecting Trump. You, Nunes & Chavitz are partisans who bash leakers but never Trump.
Also, if, IF donnie's plan were to succeed. .........

Do you really think Putin will let you live?

He'll kill all of you include drumpf
You bought this Russian pony. Now you get to ride it.
That applies to you too sir, perhaps you should share what you know now, rather than wait until your name is dragged through feces publicly.
Sure, confidentiality protected. Like Comey's letter in October that Chaffetz leaked. And now Comey fired. Whistleblowers, take heed!
.A congress who might be involved in the TrumpRussia scandal?  Ryan seems to know about it.
In a few circumstances that have occurred as it has to do w Russia,if it weren't leaked to press nothing would have happened.WH/congress hv-
Done nothing but protect trump,country be damned as long as the Republican Party isn't scathed.that is sooo sad
Ha. A Republican suggesting people trust the government. This Twilight Zone is trippy indeed.
I am sure they would if there was ANY level of TRUST left with the American people. You and others have put PARTY before COUNTRY. Shame!
You should stop selling Our Country out!  If like Russia please go there! Leave Our Country alone!
Unless that info exposes undercover officers or foreign intelligence persons. Free posting is dangerous to country.
‘’Russian Chuck” Grassley #MuellerTime
perhaps you should concentrate on Trump handing classified information to the Russians, instead of trying to obstruct truth.
Are you worried about something Chuck? LOL #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
I have no trust in anyone who thinks middle class Americans waste all their money on women, booze and gambling.   or whatever the stupid, retarded comment was you made last week.
Nobody in their right mind would trust you to do what's right for the country rather than for your party.
Bullshit. You and your GOP colleagues are not interested in investigating a Republican White House despite evidence of treason.
Oh, shut it down! Ur part of the problem & the investigation-weren't u photographed with a Russian? Retire & give someone honest a chance!
Hey Chuckie, if I know who was really behind the 2001 #anthrax attacks, should I tell the FBI? Seems like they don't wanna know!
Did you see Nunes? Chaffetz? Rand Paul? Why should they believe you will put country over party
they don't trust you because you've shown to be complicit in Trumps crimes and only interested in covering up and protecting
that's what caught nixon you fool. they'll get you too. we all saw your face when the truth was told.
You seriously can't expect anyone with more evidence of the Trump teams Collusion,Obstruction, Treason and a Cover Up to Trust you or GOP?
Nope, not a bit of trust in this @GOP run congress!
Lol. Yeah sure.
GOP congress engenders no confidence that you will treat info seriously. Only way to get you to care is to leak so there is public outcry
There you go again, more concerned ab/ leaks than the crimes committed > stopping the leaks won't make the crimes go away-like you're hoping
Last time someone at the FBI told Congress something important, Chaffetz ran (and hurt his foot) to the nearest reporter he could find
Maybe they aren't into defenestration.  Maybe they think you care more about tax cuts than your country. Maybe they want to save America.
Traitor. You're going to jail.
How can we trust you? We have watched this Congress investigate Benghazi and  obstruct Obama at every turn. What makes you trustworthy?
When u had the chance 2let the Amer. people know abt Russia interfrnce, u decided 2hide it.If it weren't 4leaks we'd believe there was none.
You're not to be trusted with facts @ChuckGrassley
Or congress should DO YOUR JOBS! Stop trying to hurt us! Were over you all now anyway! We will NEVER forget! Keep hiding behind your trump!!
You've proven the leakers right (for leaking to the press) by your inaction and defense of the WH.
Sen all of those leaked need to be brought to justice.
In a normal situation, you are absolutely right. But these aren't normal times when DOJ, WH & congress are prob compromised?
Your own speaker says he has full confidence in Trump/there's no problem. Meanwhile Trump is setting himself on fire. FBI are the good guys.
most of them demon-crats.need to fire them all start fresh.don't love America want communism
No Senator has done more than @ChuckGrassley to help #FBI #Whistleblowers.
Congress should aggressively act rather than impede. Perhaps if you moved with integrity to investigate, people would trust you.
Why? You're  a do nothing Congress.. So info can be buried? Like the steele dossier?  Like the flynn warnings?  No..go public ..go loud
Super weird how no one trusts you guys anymore.
GOP Congress has demonstrated NO trustworthiness whatsoever. We watch you, we hear you, only protect yourselves, not country/ citizens
Most of you can't even face a Town Hall of citizens - how do you face a whistle blower w/ damning evidence/ truth?! Hide in a closet?
Doing a superb job so far Chuck.
Leakers of this Trump Admin are the Heroes of America today.  So spear us the pseudo-patriotic tweet. Thank you Leakers.
Thank God we have leakers that love our Country, you apparently love unchecked power & are complicit In understaffed investigations. Resign.
Don't trust you, dude! Don't trust any Republican any more! Don't believe one word you say!
@LouiseMensch sounds like there is a lack of trust that comes from years of back room deals & months of Trump accepting
Hah! First GOP gas to do their job. Then they can say that they will protect whistleblowers
Right. Let's put our trust in the GOP controlled congress.  AYFKM
No  one believes you. President Trump stated he loves wiki leaks except .....
U silly!
You're a no good amoral SOB!
Shut up and do your job. Are you or are you not protecting our democracy? Seriously  - Focus on the real issue.
Chuck: stop. Just stop.
Can't count on you in congress to do your jobs.  You are the ones hiding and colluding so quit your lying and your job too
Comey is smart, why didn't he choose your committee to testify, in front of?Who leaked the Hillary Email letter he sent you/investigate that
That's great, Chuck, but you see, it's so obvious that you are compromised. Your comments during the Comey hearing were a very clear tell.
You. Don't. Care. About. Our. National. Security.
Period.
So ... no.  People would never trust you with intel. 
sorry not sorry.
Did you ever think the Whistle-Blowers didn't think the GOP controlled House/Senate were trustworthy? Watch McConnell & Ryan - they're not.
So you can watch every norm that has defined the presidency be destroyed while you refuse to honor your oath?  You had your chance.  #2018
Senator, corporations are already saying the WILL NOT use their tax cut windfall to create more jobs or increase employees pay, this is NOT acceptable. https://thinkprogress.org/wells-fargo-ceo-tax-reform-job-6b6b8462f239/amp/?__twitter_impression=true …
So you can cover it up? No thanks I want the patriots to leaks to the media!
Do you really want to go down this road? Or haven't you heard about the trump administration cover-up and the FBI investigation???
So you can out them? No thanks.
"If you can get Grassley, that would be beautiful."
Who would believe any advice coming from a US Senator called Chuck Grassley with a Twitter Avatar that doesn't reflect what he holds inside?
FBI ppl reporting important info to Grassley!
My god this owns
So it can be buried while GOP continues to defend a madman?  Newsflash: No one trusts Congress.
Perhaps the American people wonder to whom you & rest of GOP are loyal. You all sure did like leaks when they were from Hillary! #hypocrisy
We know you. You know our family. That you are deflecting attention away from Russia has us all deeply troubled about what you may have done
Congress won't do a damn thing. The people risking their careers to leak this information are the true patriots, certainly not inept GOP
No one actually believes you care about America. You are unpatriotic and chose to support a traitor. Too much Russian money in your pockets?
why, so you can just bury it.. #Comey2020
@GOP The Grand 'ol Party At this point in time, I believe you won't find many knocking at your door. #GoodGrief
You're clearly misleading We The People. Get in the real game, which is only about what a disaster and NatSec threat 45 is. Do your job!
FBI ppl w important info trust you so much, they would rather risk penalties for leaking than hand you that info. Think about it.
@gop Congress frankly complicit. You've done nothing about Trump Inc's or @potus's bottomless corruption. Unmasking the real problem? Please
seriously, Chuck? So You can ignore treason and deny healthcare. Tip: you & your colleagues are crooks.
Pathetic old man.
So you can sit on it? Yeah, no. Chuck, Iowa says no.
1/ You'd just rat on whoever told you to #Twitler, cover it up and then go back to stripping away our healthcare...
... giving more of our tax $ to ur rich buddies & gutting the environment. Nope. Not telling the corrupt @GOP anything. #TheResistance
Report it to who? Comrade-Congressman Rohrbacher?
Chuck, you might want to tell Trump and comrades!  Sounds like they had information about meetings with Russia...they didn't report.  
Just another meaningless statement from the Russian infiltrated @GOP  

Good riddance to you and your colleagues who sold our country out.
Is your twitter account run by your 7th grade granddaughter? Even the POTUS uses better grammar.
The problem is NO ONE TRUSTS THE @GOP
Chuck "Snake  in the" Grassley
drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip.
Awww...this is such an adorable tweet. You don't even realize you have lost every ounce of trust in you.
They don't trust you since you all have chosen your party over country nd always diverting focus from d real issues #DoYourJob #NoWealthcare
Yeah right. Like the GOP is trustworthy... no way Chuck
well you guys keep protecting a traitor and con man so since you would never tell us, I'm glad THEY are
Not cool when its all hidden/ swept under an old rug
Remember "pull the plug on grandma"? You're completely untrustworthy.
They can't trust you, obviously.   No one can.
if trump can tell it to the kremlin, he can tell americans;it's Blue  tax $ he's trying to control/steal,not putin's,this is about blue $
Right, Chuck. You and Turtle McConnell will get right on it. Right after you schedule those confirmation hearings for Merrick Gar...oh wait.
Sure you do, Chuck. Sure you do.
You twit, they don't fucking trust you. That's why they leak, because they know the press is going to at least do their damn job.
Yeah, we'd totally trust you. Follow the trail of dead Russians. (and a few Americans, too)
