Like Merrick Garland?
Get over it. The Dems never would have confirmed a conservative judge if the roles were reversed & you know it. @ChuckGrassley
They did with Roberts and Alito.
Sorry, but you're way off. Bush's term ended in 2008.  @ChuckGrassley
Dems confirmed those nominees. Roberts was almost unanimous. Why didn't they let Garland get a vote? Oh, right.
This is why: http://www.politico.com/story/2016/02/joe-biden-supreme-court-nominee-1992-219635 … @ChuckGrassley
You should probably wait until the American people have given a mandate. Since you didn't do your job with Obamas pick.
love the way Trump punked you with Ag Sec pick?
you mean "constitution intended"
what the Republican way....enjoy your control for now....there WILL BE a power change come 2018!!!
If the intent is clearly written in the law, that shouldn't be an issue.  If not, more clearly state the intent in future law
I do hope you mean as the Constitution intended
@mjgranger1 @POTUS said long time ago "like the great Justice Scalia". Why fill it any other way? It's HIS seat being filled.
I hope the pres. picks a justice who interprts th law accrdng to the Constit. as amndd & doesn't worry re: Congr. intentions
as Congress intended?!?! Lets try the Constitition. Represent the people, not the party.
So no Constitution?
Wait, did you say "pick person who interpret law as Congress intended"? Not as it is written? Talk about judicial activism.
.@ChuckGrassley No, @realDonaldTrump needs to pick one who interprets the law/US Constitution the way the Founding Fathers intended.
not quite. "As Congress intended" requires mind-reading. "As Constitution intended" is most important point.
Shameful.
Sounds like judicial activism to me.  How about the Constitution
good for you.
We need someone who defends the people, not the temporary whims of daily politics.
@JenniferJJacobs Like #MerrickGarland?
Thanks to you for your conservative inputs.
Wake up old man.
so Merrick Garland?
Confirm Merrick Garland.
What about law and facts?
Please get someone in there that history will judge as great.  Preferably someone from the Midwest or west for a change.
To Voice your concerns, go here: https://www.grassley.senate.gov/constituents/questions-and-comments …  He needs to hear from people.
I'm sure you will find another completely unqualified person just like all the cabinet members.
Shouldn't it be interpret the Constitution as our founding fathers intended? Lobbyist write the laws for Congress you don't.
How abt someone who will interpret the Constitution as founding fathers intended.Congress needs to write constitutional laws.
Unfortunately Congress doesn't write laws they sell that right to lobbyists. You must think WE are really stupid Chuck.
Chuck, you might be old, but you are not that old.  I don't think you were there to know what was intended.
Alt facts=Spicer facts=Conway facts. Give me the constitution!
By the constitution, that vacancy should have been filled last year. Obstructionism at its worst!
Laws must be interpreted by words written. A law is what the words say. "Intentions" & "spirit" irrelevant. @RealDonaldTrump
um what about the fucking constitution
Hope you also told him to GROW UP!
Did you tell him that he shouldn't erase WH petitions from citizens? That WH shld answer the telephone? That 5mil votes weren't stolen?
Merrick Garland would be great.
Their won't be enough time as the Trump term ends in 2020. We need to wait for next election as this one was tainted.
hmmm sounds like Merrick Garland
The pick was already made asshole. His name is Merrick Garland, but you wouldn't know that would you?
You mean as the constitution intended?
I'm guessing there has to be at least one Goldman Sachs bankster sitting around waiting to fill Garland's seat.
@mikememoli wow, hold the presses.
Did you ask him to stop lying?
MERRICK GARLAND!
embarrassed to think of you kissing up to the the extreme right wing.
I think we should wait until the people get their say
Wait, wait, wait...what about the Constitution?
Can you make President Trump realize that he won the election !!
perhaps it's besides the fact that it's not Congrss' job to interpret law....am I off point?
.@ChuckGrassley isn't that judicial activism that you 'abhor'? Funny how u want 2 do ur job now. Retire already.
You mean as the Constitution intended? Many are not in alignment with the way that Congress has been "interpreting law".
You Don't do Anything who can interpret nothing! Nothing in your Empty Head!
@cbs2iowa Merrick Garland met that requirement. You destroyed the respect you had earned with that refusal to do your job.
I'll bet you the new president thinks Farmers should buy their own profit insurance.
interpret DEEZ NUTS
Keep up the good work. Please work on TERM LIMITS, Sir
@fox28Iowa I thought a SCOTUS is to interpret the law as the founding fathers wrote it. U want laws changed? Do it from state
does that mean their interpretation should change as congress changes?  How about we appoint congress as the 9th justice!
wow, what about as the founders intended?
Please explain how Congress intended Senate to obstruct nominee for 300 days. You even quoted Hamilton on this.
#HYPOCRISY
No, the most important thing is for them to interpret law as the laws themselves intended, not at Congressional whims.
I'm ASHAMED that you are from Iowa &are supporting Trump. He's a dictator that's going to destroy us& it'll be YOUR FAULT TOO
Merrick Garland is qualified in this regard.
OK, how about Merrick Garland?
