It seems you are a doddering old fool maybe you should step down if you're for a racist for AG
And Illinois.  Blue states are still part of the United States last I checked........
Americans hope to institute term limits and put an end to you career politicians. 
Anyone who supports Sessions for AG should be ashamed! Why the rush on confirming Trump's Cabinet of Deplorables? #LetThemVet
What's wrong with our present AG Secretary??
Where did this comment come from? Are you senile, or just so old you are still back in 1863!
Go after Clinton, despite Trump's routine guilt for worse, treason chief among them. Good babbling Fascist asscunt.
regarding Senator sessions hearing what about sanctuary cities?
Tune out leftists slanderous,bigoted & juvenile theatrics.Senator Sessions is going 2 b a great AG. PS Civil War ended 1864!
Trump is a Liar, choosing Zionist Neocon Supreme War Criminals, like Sessions, for his administration!!

and Indiana!
Hope you enjoy healthcare coverage YOU get as a  representative of the people; the people you are trying to deny healthcare.
Still fighting the Civil War?? 
Trump & admin are Zionist War Criminals in Cover-up of illegal U.S. / Israeli wars, illegal settlements & Israel did 9/11
War on Afghanistan is Illegal
"The invasion of Afghanistan has been illegal from its inception"
http://www.nlgmass.org/2011/02/war-on-afghanistan-is-illegal/ …
HOW DARE YOU!!!! YOU'RE THE #RACIST!!!
fck u chuck....ur a joke....maybe if a racist group gives u an award u should disavow
and u should know.....it's embarrassing
I am highly offended with your reference to the Mason Dixon line, & the KKK mask as well. How dare U?! SHOWING UR IGNORANCE.
Nope, but at least you got the old white man you were hoping for! We can't have enough representing our diverse country!
1,200 Law Professors in Opposition to Jeff Sessions Nomination
https://docs.google.com/document/d/167Ci3pVqwzOUe7_e7itlpew1qGcTo0ZD5dNICIbLQWA/pub …
I would also love Trump to choose a Secretary of State w/o vested interests in the oil industry!
I think Trumplethinskin is still trying to figure out how to spell agriculture on the paperwork. Sorry for the delay.
@SenFranken @SenTedCruz @SenBlumenthal @ChrisCoons @JohnCornyn @MikeCrapo @SenatorDurbin #ConfirmSessions #AttorneyGeneral
Pollution extremist #JeffSessions
War Crimes Tribunal Looking to ARREST Obama & Bush
They are guilty of War Crimes and Torture
Lindsey Graham is an un-prosecuted Supreme War Criminal. He voted in the House to attack Iraq 2002.
http://buenavistamall.com/Reps2.htm 
Some of the senators on the Judiciary Committee are Supreme War Criminals who voted to attack Iraq
http://buenavistamall.com/Senators2.htm 
@DBubeck I am hoping he appoints conservative judges in PA.
I hope he chooses the best option regardless of where they are from
#NoEthicsNoHearings #NOFASCISTUSA #TrumpLeaks #TheResistance
it should be someone who hates agriculture.
MANY Americans agree with you. PLEASE vote against Sessions and help other concerned citizens. Thank you.
oh Chuckles, you're just setting us up for the CEO of Monsanto, right?
I totally agree. It needs to be someone from midwest farm country.
we hope you call for investigation into Russia hacking. Get back to us on this chuck
We expect for you to NOT vote to repeal the ACA. People will die if you do, real people here in Iowa want and need it!
hope he picks from a State that ALLOWS #Hemp , thats a TRUE Billion Dollar Crop , #KentuckyHemp
that line is exactly where that wall should be built
Northey loves dirty water.  He wants to Make America Flint Again.
it will be another white guy in a red tie. Looks are the only thing that matters. You know. Wink wink nudge nudge.
STOP the nomination ofJeff Sessions. You are from Iowa and certainly was raised to treat people the same!
he is too busy looking for the person with the most conflicts of interest
it's shameful the GOP is ignoring the #McConnellStandard and allowing hearings on Trump's nominees without full information!
It would be AWESOME if it was from IOWA!!!!!  Would LOVE IT!!! Secretary of Agriculture, Bill Northey is the most Qualified!!
why ? Are you gonna claim racist if he doesn't ? Some people!
how about we just get one that actually knows something about agriculture
don't forget Nebraska
And Smart Enough to clean up Mississippi River 4 USAGE in shipping. Depth 30 yrs ago only 4 feet except areas 4 barges
Well, in all honestly, four of those states lie west of the terminus of the Mason-Dixon Line.  I'll give you Pennsylvania.
I hope, er, insist that he gets his nominees to submit their paperwork to the OGE before the Senate hold confirm. hearings.
Just gotta find someone opposed to agriculture, right? That seems to be the requirement for a cabinet post
Do you hope the vetting process is done before votes as well?
I hope you will wait until all nominees have been cleared through ethics review before pushing their nominations.
GOP 2009:
Maybe he'll pick you!!!
You will need to send him a clearly-marked map and some crayons.
i think he knows where those "Blue Wall" states are. Just sayin'.
