Does this mean Republican party is actually two parties?  We have a three party system?  Didn't need any D's to support it.
Hey Chuck, never thought I would agree with you on anything, you crazy old bat! But hey, speak louder on this one!
cute:Obamacare failure. No, not voting on Garland was failure. Trying to provide insurance to millions is noble
quit letting the Koch brother line your pockets, and actually listen to your constituents...there's an idea.
And it took you 35+ years in the U.S. Senate to figure that out? True civil servants grasp that BEFORE running for office.
it literally took you this long as a politician to learn this?
@healthaccess  So...wants start Fixing the ACA? Because our Dem's will NOT even think about helping you repeal it.
what failure?  I had good insurance for 3 years because of it.  Give evidence of its failure.  I'm one of its successes.
If that's true we're stuck with O-Care 4ever. That is unacceptable. R's need to grow a pair and get on with it.
GREAT! what are your proposals to help fix the ACA?
@woodruffbets It was bipartisan. Democrats AND Republicans came together to save Obamacare
Thanks Chuck.
While you're talking about bipartisanship maybe you could push for a serious, independent investigation of #Trumprussia? Nah
I do not think that word means what YOU think it means.
maybe you've lost touch and should've been doing that all along. #notrepresentingiowans
. Hey farm boy. How did the ACA fail?
You withdrew from ACA negotiations saying it would kill Grandma.  Now that it's saved her, how about #MedicareForAll?
Funny you should mention bipartisanship when you've sided with the Republicans over your Iowan constituents
you are the most dishonest politician in the Senate.
You FAILED to act in ANY bipartisan way in 2009 and afterward to refine, fix ACA. You have done NOTHING to improve healthcare
yes & that requires BOTH to step over the aisle. Will GOP be able to change their strategy from the last 8 years?
s. 744 had a huge bipartisan support but it never got a vote in the house. inspite of 68 votes in senate. bcuz of frdm cacs
@aravosis what about those death panels you were so concerned about?
"Death panels" always just=asking people their wishes for end of life care
You could have done that years ago. Shame on you
HAHAHA. You must think the American public are idiots.
He gets it! @ChuckGrassley @AgriMarketing
GOP going left instead of right is going to create a viable Third Party in the long run!
WRONG! Obama wasn't bi-bartisan when he passed it. #FullRepeal won't be bi-partisan in repealing it. No Dem will want repeal.
oh, ya think so???
bipartisanship is not a language that you speak, Chuckle
Hey Pot, the kettle is calling!    Didn't see you crossing party lines on ACA.  Let's remind you of Merrick Garland now.
Also your party needs to stop passing laws that will kill us.
Not being white supremacists would also be good, thanks.
Yes please! In case you haven't heard, white supremacists are frowned upon by rational people.
glad you figured out that bipartisan policies might be the best solution! Way to have that "come to Jesus" moment, Chuck!
Not to worry. He'll be going MIA on Jesus again any minute now.
"lng haird hippy JesusHChrist wnts single payer HC. Deer probably dead"
.@ChuckGrassley wrong! When GOP given Congress and WH, it must be rooted in GOP, Constitutional principles, campaign promises #FullRepeal
Wtf, @ChuckGrassley! #Obamacare was horrific policy chg & not bipartisan. Consvs just didnt buckle on principle. @1stbornAmerican @GQinNC
maybe you should have thought about that in 2009
maybe u should have thought of that besides rushing something without support.......
You're wrong. Obamacare was 100% Dems. Total repeal can be 100% Reps. Any new law can be bipartisan. We must repeal first.
.@ChuckGrassley Oh yeah? And when are you going to start acting in a bipartisan way? Where's your proposal to fix ACA?
In grassleys defense as a senator this is out od his lane slightly. (House handles money)
Maybe so. At the same time, Grassley uses same GOP false talking points about ACA. He needs to do his job.
You should have thought of thought when @POTUS44 was president. Hypocrite!
how long have you been on the job? You're just figuring this out?
Charlie:  Now you are getting it!  What took U so long?  Bipartisanship & Compromise;  "The Spirit of the Constitution!"
They'll hang themselves. The Republicans unfortunately.
@woodruffbets one of these was bipartisan in its makeup w/ hundreds of amendments, hearings, interviews. The other was not.
duh
are u kidding?  Do u recall stringing Dems along on Obamacare eight years ago??? You guys are pieces of work.  Truly.
You've been in DC since 1975 and you're just now figuring that out?  No wonder this is all so f***ed up.
Good one, Chuck!
@woodruffbets Great!  Start the change by having hearings and a vote on Garland.
@woodruffbets YOU Mr. Grassley were sought by Obama but YOU walked away from Obamacare and spouted BS demagoguery. Not Dems
@aravosis Karma really is a bitch, huh? #SCOTUS nom #Garland hearing? Obama policy obstructing at every turn? #ReapWhatUSow
Like the confirmation of a Supreme Court Justice.
You had plenty of chances to be bipartisan and amend Obamacare to improve it but you refused to. WE REMEMBER.
@woodruffbets What's that strange word? Bipartisan? please define
8 years of absolute NO from your side of the aisle why should Dems work with you? let your party die from it's own poison
@aravosis Come on, death of citizenry from medical neglect bigger problem than partisanship.
Do you KNOW what HAS TO BE Bi-PARTISAN, Sen. Grassley? An investigation into Trump/Russia collusion in the election
you a-holes had a deliberate strategy of no bipartisanship on anything.  Your hypocrisy and double standards are nauseating

remember trying to repeal Obamacare 60x the last 7 years?!
@aravosis killing ACA because stock holders and ins CEOS didn't make gazillions and calling it a failure is the prob.
better figure out who the dissenters are after this and get the swamp drained!
rat, fleeing sinking ship.


.@realDonaldTrump Context: Murdoch And Trump, An Alliance Of Mutual Interest https://n.pr/2mUKMPM 
#the right is right!
There is no reason why you couldn't have been more involved in the crafting and passage of ACA. It was a Republican idea.
@windmillcharger you JUST figured this out? No wonder the country is so fucked.
Trump has to GO.
@aravosis too bad your party doesn't believe in it
@aravosis ACA came from Heritage Foundation. That was O's attempt at bipartisanship. Your team rejected it. Thoughts?
WADR, 44 gave you a year to work with him on ACA, don't pull him into the failures of your R colleagues in the other chamber.
@aravosis Obamacare isn't a failure & would be a greater success if all states used Medicaid & there was a public option
.@ChuckGrassley you JUST learned this? You've been in office since 1981. You should already know this.
it takes chuck a bit of time to catch up.
Obamacare is not the failure, GOP is. Who knew governing could be harder than witch hunts?
So should life time appointments to courts .. these should ALSO be bipartisan selections. Be consistent!
@aravosis and not created and supported by treasonous monsters hellbent on taking down the country
@aravosis ....how about Supreme Court Nominee considerations?
Took you long enough. You're all talk.
@aravosis This is clearly a new concept for you.
@aravosis You had years to be bipartisan ... Obama gave you every chance. You chose the party line over the people. Hypocrite
@aravosis Uh, no, not if the Dems are in majority. They stick together to do the right thing, unlike fractured nasty GOP.
@aravosis Really?POTUS said he would watch ACA fail and when DEM's come crawling back he'd make a deal. Super Bipartisan
@aravosis So NOW you wish you would have participated 7 years ago in drafting ObamaCare or anytime during last 7 yrs to fix?
Still unhappy you would not meaningfully deal with Obama/Obamacare in 2009-2010.
stop with the failure line. You want bipartisan? Come together and FIX THE PROBLEMS.
@aravosis ACA is not a failure. Work together to tweak it!
@aravosis the. Blood of. Jesus.  Christ. Powerful!
, Work to fix the ACA by restoring the indemnity provisions and support to help w/premium increases.
finally at the END of your career you want to play nice? Pfffft, #IOWA is better than you.
And this.  Now Dems are supposed to work with GOP for "good of the country". Didn't give two sh*ts about working with Obama
So why didn’t you work together with the Dems on the ACA. We see you, hypocrite.
@woodruffbets has GOP learned lesson? Obstruction for 8 years is not bipartisan. Romneycare was bipartisan and works.
Is this the same Chuck Grassley who obstructed President Obama for 8 yrs? Interesting.
no kidding..ppl expect u to wrk together! Do your job! Better for your future and your health!
Don't worry  putting anyone you want on the Supreme Court is something you can still ram right through on party lines.
that's a wonderful thought. Then witness Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer's utter glee to thwart and destroy.
and you can't take away medicaid, medicare, social security...that will not happen!! Remember, the 1% is only 1
I hope you're not just learning that lesson now!  Maybe Trump is that dumb, but I expect more from you!
The Democrats for the most part are unreasonable! What about working with The Freedom Caucus & @RandPaul
You are such a hypocrite! Do you even breathe without party permission? ACA is need refined not repealed, it's not a failure
Did you learn anything from constituents from this? That people NEED the ACA? Healthcare should be a right not a privilege
Insurance companies need regulations, they prey on everyone for huge profits. You want to find someone to blame, blame them.
If that's what you've learned from this cluster you've learned nothing. 2018 is coming...
Now it's bipartisan...easier to complain/obstruct is it??
Where was Bipartisan from McConnell when Obama was President??
it also has to be step forward not regression  Failure to recognize the good it has accomplished keeps you from improving it
Remember that the wheel was never replaced.....only continually modified.
You had your chance at bi-partisanship in 2009 and choked!
OMG you can't be serious. You're just figuring this out or are U buttering both sides of the bread to save UR hide. knows!
you didn't already know that? It's what people you represent have been asking for. People meaning us constituents, not $$$$
@GloriaBorger GOP/DEMOS craft a health bill & get doctors & insurers Anthem BC/BS Health Net Kaiser and others for Americans
Funny you didn't want to follow that lesson when #ACA initially passed. #hypocrisy
Good lesson, but Trumpcare wasn't even unipartisan. False equivalence. Keep looking; there are more lessons.
Good message except bill was pulled bc GOP can't stand 2gether. Bipartisan= Vichy reps and GOP together? Interesting problem
you had the last nine years to do this.  You were in prime position and you choice party over people you represent
Max Baucus and President Obama gave you EVERY CHANCE to help shape health care. You bailed. Your tweet is a joke, Senator.
Yeh...remember all the help you guys gave President Obama? Didn't think so. 
Well yes, particularly when the GOP is deeply fractured.
BINGO AMAZING TO REALIZE THIS AFTER ALL 7 YRS N NO LEGIT ALTERNATIVE BECAUSE OF TOO MUCH SHITINSTEAD OF WORKING TOGETHER
The RNC HAS FAILED IT'S VOTERS. HOW DOES THAT FEEL?
@Steven_Strauss no goddamn shit, Chuck
Ya think?
LOL leader of the senate missed that memo 8'years ago. Now Dems are expected 'to do the right thing' see ya in 2018
Then maybe stop being such an extremist political party?
bipartisan, AND not kick 24 million people off their insurance! Try listening to voters instead of Koch Bros., Chuck.
you are my canary in the coal mine
@IowaGOPer How about a Supreme Court justice?
How bipartisan was your treatment of Merrick Garland?  #hypocrisy
*not applicable to the last seven yrs
and must not be tax break for rich.
Sorry chuck but the ACA hasn't failed
well duh.
Duh. And actions speak louder than words, you partisan hack. #merrickgarland
@jasonnobleDMR concerned that it took you this long to figure that out....
Maybe, also, if you have seven years to craft a policy you use that time? And involve some people who understand health care?
Lesson learned: Obamacare should've been defunded in 2013 before it took hold. Would've been worth taking the shutdown "hit."
or you can start with and independent investigation on #Russia.  Aren't you lucky?  You can take your pick.  Be the change.
@GloriaBorger couldn't agree more!!!!
you think?  Maybe try doing that!  Start with #MerrickGarland
@jasonnobleDMR  Like the Supreme Court nomination hearings in 2016? Oh...wait... #Partisan #Obstruction
You mean like when Obamacare was passed.
Please, leave #Obamacare alone. You should have supported it from the beginning.
Please apply that lesson of bipartisanship to SCOTUS. Drop Gorsuch for a candidate with bipartisan support. Merrick Garland? @ChuckGrassley
well said - both parties need to work together to improve Obamacare-it's what Americans want & deserve!
You're a partisan fool. And the only nominee you should be interviewing is Merritt Garland. Thanks for shredding the law.
chuck, thx
duh
as long as you have been in DC and you just learned that?
Except ObamaCare is NOT a failure.  Stop listening to Ryan.  There is NO death spiral!
Pres. Obama made every effort to make the ACA bipartisan. Bill ended up much farther to the right than he wanted.
In defeat you want to be bipartisan, that won't happen. Get used to defeat.
Yes, let's make Obama care better! Single payer?
bipartisanship was not taken in consideration when Obamacare was shoved down our throats years ago. Major change needed
#7years
@GloriaBorger Dems worked w/GOP to create Obamacare in 2010. 100+ amendments were adopted for GOP. they still didnt vote 4 it
Amen. Totally agree.
First sensible thing you've said in a long time!
Senator you can start by pulling Gorsuch and giving Garland the hearing he deserves.
NO, the lesson is DO WHAT YOU SAID FOR 7 yrs & #repealobamacare  NOT HALF ASS IT, #REPEAL IT
@GloriaBorger the way it should've been. Lot of time & mucho tax  wasted. ACA still v1.0 -7 yrs later. Should be v4.0 now.
bipartisan you say now? Judge Garland ring a bell? ACA just needs tweaked. Insurance Companies drove premiums up NOT the law
Other lessons:
Don't talk "replace" for 7 years with no study, no plan
Don't lie about ACA, i.e. "pull the plug on Grandma
100% agree!
Bipartisan! That's a big word Senator. Do you know what it means?
the only solution is to open the market and get government out of the health care industry. #RepealAndFreeMarket
smartest thing I've heard a Rep say... EVER. Except ACA is NOT a failure, as it saved my life. Don't want 2 hear that, do u?
This is @ChuckGrassley being cynical or senile. Dems put stuff in Stimulus and the #ACA explicitly for him, at his request.
Lessons learned fr Obamacare failure and House withdrawal of Obamacare repeal:::major social policy change in US must be bipartisan
@GloriaBorger Not really. Not a single republican voted for #obamacare
maybe try a health plan that serves the American people not a tax break for the wealthy!!!
medicaid expansion cause opoid abuse increases??
Hallelujah! Health & wellness and it's care affects us all regardless of political affiliation. @GloriaBorger
That means you need to resign.
Bipartisan, yes. So get busy and talk to your buddies in the House. Get them to write a bill that actually includes "care".
Agreed.
Three and a half decades as a senator, and you're just figuring that out. Keep up, Chuckie.
really, you'd go there? Obamacare was bipartisan?
he's saying the next plan should be since Obamacare wasn't
Grassley has little 2 say that I am interested N as long as he insist on shoving engine killing ethanol just 2 support his state
let's get to work and fix it now.
HC should NEVER be a political football. Independent professional should be custodians, but accountable. Like Intel agencies.
Start here: Healthcare is a right, leave your special interests at home and actually work to help regular people
health care is not a right.  You don't have a right to anyone's labor.  Not your mechanic, not your doctor.
if you think your car and your health are the same I would hate to see how you treat people. Life is first
"negative rights" vs "positive rights." Sounds to me like you need to learn the difference.
we got rid of slavery for a reason, stop trying to bring it back.  Healthcare is not the new cotton, dummy.
yikes, sounds like you are lost in conspiracies, this is about people helping people. Too much Kool aid 4 u
