Every film he was in is an acting master class. For example, acting drunk is really difficult. Just watch his work in this scene with Cary Grant who provides beautifully understated support. It’s comic, touching, brilliant
He plays the sweetest drunk in Harvey
He looks at least 60yrs more modern than John Mulaney
Some people just have old fashioned faces. Michael Shannon has a 70s face.
Hiddleston is quite 1950s
Jimmy Stewart used to drink with my Dad in the Hazel Tree.
Not sure either were in colour.
Or actors.
Damn, he looks handsome. XD
Wow. That is so cool.
@BoltonsMotors jimmy!
NO WAY. Totally agree with your analysis.
Is this a Taylor swift video?
Brigadier General Stewart after 27 years of service officially May 31, 1968 Stewart received awards during his military service also awarded the United States Air Force Distinguished Service Medal. On May 23, 1985, Pres Reagan awarded Stewart the Presidential Medal of Freedom
Wow, this could have been taken yesterday!
Wow
Great photo, one of my heroes
I never realized Jimmy Stewart was hot until now
Is he in Arctic Monkeys?
I never knew they did gang signs in the 1920s.
Sorry just picking myself up off the floor after a dead faint
@lrcaswell have you seen this??
Looks like my next ex from younger days...
Dayumm
Sure looked good on the dancefloor
@MaryJayneBaker 
Awww, I love him. Handsome lad.
I love that shirt.
dude was a dime! @BFD_podcast
Extreme dime lmao
It's A Wonderful Dime
Mr. Dime Goes to Washington IMO
The Dime Who Knew Too Much
Damn son
I love Jimmy Stewart, and I realize it was 80 years ago, but if I'm right I think this is considered a very racially insensitive image today, once you realize what it is he is doing.
Great pic! Credits?
I retweeted it yesterday actually, so yeah. :)
Great minds think alike. :)
Original hipsters
TRIVIA : Did you know that Stewart Granger had to adopt this stage name because his real name was....James Stewart
Great piece of trivia!
This was the deciding question at a quiz night years ago and thus my team won .Love the real Jimmy
80 years ago that was the victory sign and we had just defeated Japan (see what he's doing with his eye...)
Dig the jacket
Looks s bit like Shane McGowan?
Boss 
That’s Brigadier James Stewart.
What an absolute dude.
Always loved him
not endorsing the phrase "the absolute boy" btw
@EddieRobson I feel there is more than a little Reece Shearsmith in this particular shot?
@banankoen I feel like you should see this
No way. He's sexy as fuck. Wow!
Now see here fella
I can't stop looking at this
Such a cool dude!
Conservative and Nixon supporter.
Beautiful!
Basis for this @ScottAukerman pic for @Earwolf
@swhite55 
Oh what a babe 

The eye thing doesn’t sit well.
Amazing to get this far down in the comments and you’re the only (?) person that’s mentioned it.
VJ symbol.
What a hottie!
How is this possible?
Looks racist
Looks a bit like @OC
Elegant
Clearly trying to do a Chinese impression. #offended 
What a beauty! 
Destry Rides Again! The Absolute DBs.
Jimmy Stewart was one of my teenage crushes. 
Legend
@pixelatedbetty 
Love it 
3 Jimmy Stewart films are in my all time top 10. Harvey, It's  a wonderful life and The man who shot Liberty Valance. He was a beautiful genius.
So cool
And incredibly goodlooking. They certainly don't make them like they used to.
Love him - amazing actor.
Not long before he joined the USAAF, ending up as Brigadier General Jimmy Stewart, pilot of numerous combat missions over Germany in WW2 while based in Norfolk and qualified to fly the B-52! Some guy!
Thought it was Hugh Grant at quick glance
Great actor. He was the first "method" actor, but he would never have called it that. He was brave enough to be a "naturalistic" leading man when that was not the done thing!
Wow!
My favourite film of his 'The shop around the corner' - he was gorgeous in it.
Must have been after his time as a pilot in WWII.  Believe he’s giving the victory sign over the Japanese.
It's from before the war. Part of a charades-like photo craze in the 30s called Handies. Here he was doing 'China Clipper'. This thread has it lower down:
And hot.  You forgot HOT! Smoooooooooookin' hawwwt!
Look at the buttons on the shirt. Gorgeous.
Wow - what a stunner and so weird to see as a photo 80 years old!
See you soon
...wow! I thought that was someone from now. ....even the clothes are now!
Looks like a modern boy band member
@Socrates1882
and a young Charlie Chaplin looks like he should be playing double bass in a hipster folk band
Tommy Shelby's long lost brother.
I'm seeing this pic and hearing that husky southern drawl in my head and I'm like
@laurenrhiannonx love love love Jimmy Stewart.
Anyone else see John Krasinski.
And Gregory Peck,as well!!
Mabe that hand signal should be called ‘the jimmy Stewart’, unbelievable if it is him-that photo of him is so current looking & cool. Can’t believe it was so many years ago.
Wonderful man and a great actor.  Thanks for posting this pic. Brought back alot of memories of watching old films on tv with my parents 
He wore some astonishing cloth and he wore it well.
Would. 
"cool and current"
this photo makes my mind explode a little bit 
George Bailey!
That pictures amazing. 
Pretty sure he’s about to drop 2018’s most important indie dance crossover record.
That's Mark Ronson
What a cool, good looking bastard
Love this
Is he being racist tho?
Victory Japan sign
Oh wow. So that’s a big yes then.
Not in 1945.
I think the Japanese Americans held in internment camps would disagree.
Though not anyone in a Japanese POW camp.
Looks like he should be in the Arctic Monkeys.
Back in the day when “2 Chinese men walk into a bar” jokes were still cool 

Man out of time .. I love jimmy Stewart
Hawt
Genuinely one of the coolest people every to grace this planet
I think his hand Jester might be describing “Harvey!”
Too bad he turned away from his characters in It's a Wonderful Life and Mr. Smith goes to Washington head long into Reagan is the greatest stupidviille.
Very Arctic Mobkeys...
Young Jim? Is that verified? Baller
@shalexandej more doppelgängers!
Jimmy Stewart was an AMAZING actor. So grateful we can remember him through his films.

He's even more beautiful in colour
Fake! Humans were only black and white 80 years ago.
I actually thought that when I was a little kid.
@MissGizzie
One of my favorite human beings 
Total babe
This is mental.
One of THE greats. The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance is an incredible, sort of overlooked classic.
I always assumed Jimmy Stewart had been born middle aged.
That's Ernest Borgnine. Born a 55-year-old man.
Chinese clothing with slanty eye gesture? Why no faux outrage? Where’s the LBQT community when you need them? Why aren’t Chinese feminazis all over this? Why haven’t channel 4 made a documentary about the struggles of a transvestite Stewart tribute act? I am on twitter, right?
When I looked quickly I thought he looked like Dan Stevens in Legion
Snap
He has the cringe finger sign and doing the oriental eye mocking thing, wearing 90 year old man's clothes, this is why morocco is not on the map for cool :)
Wow was he ever that young 
What a fabulous fucking photograph...
Gotta love Jimmy Stewart, especially if you are a movie buff. Starred in 92 films spanning seven decades. He was a machine.
That’s terrific. An icon of the times who is still loved today by people who have seen his films and learnt about the man. Class.
Wow.
Reminds me of @johnkrasinski
Looks like Reece Shearsmith.
Wow. Seriously cool!
Jimmy Stewart as in "Vertigo" possibly my all-time favorite film.
Just the very best 
Beautiful 
Any info on that photo? Photographer? Location?
Download the internet.
G Love and special sauce.
Jimmy Stewart is my hero (outside footie). Thought he was an amazing actor. Loved him in Vertigo, IAWL, Rope, Rear Window. Vertigo was peak though - brilliant film.
OMG, rap music wasn't even invented then and he already had all the sign lingo. HE's the real Slim Shady.
What a great photo of a truly wonderful actor and human being.
It looks like a Saturday Night Live bumper.
Didn’t know he was in the crips 
What's going on with the eye thing?
I hope it's not one those "asian eyes" things. 
I have an uncomfortable feeling it could be just that.
Whoa, mumma :*
Right? I'm just
Absolutely too cool <3
WOW. Seriously. 
Half racist!
Wow, that looks like it was taken yesterday. Brill pic
Now that's a beautiful photograph!
You definitely cry at It’s a Wonderful Life every year
A wonderful life is one of my favourite films, dude!
Racist

Lucille has just seen her statue.
Mad that people who were young 80 years ago, look young in 80 year old photos. ;-)
@kat_kit_s
I thought it was Josh Peck
20 combat missions in WW2, US Airforce, over Germany. 
His son said “ He never really talked about it .... Just got on with his life “ 
Some actor, some man
Maybe not that good as a hairdresser.
I love Jimmy Stewart.
He was so good looking.
Jimmy Stewart, as in It's A Wonderful Life?
Oh yes now I see it. Good lookin lad. Odd how we visualise the previous generations as older than us, when they were in fact they were once the same age as us. Didn't explain that as well as I wanted .
Couldn't describe it better.
Rear Window is the GOAT
If you haven't had the chance, check out Hitchcock's Rope starring Jimmy Stewart. That's some Masterclass everything.
Blimey thought it was Mark Ronson first glance
Striking resemblance
Bloody hell ! That's amazing !
@ChrissyP77 you're a fan of Jimmy, right?
I wouldn’t say a fan but he’s great in It’s A Wonderful Life and The Philadelphia Story.
Looks like Mark Ronson.....unfortunately 
I love this pic.
