I always need caffeine to stay awake at movies, so in the ‘00s, the owner of the local cinema chain gave me a letter stating I could bring in coffee. Every time I used it, I felt absolutely drunk with power.
Do you still have it

Lol I just saw this, this is incredible
Backstory: I had interviewed Kerasotes about his refusal to open “Stomp the Yard” bc he was afraid of “gang violence.”  In chit-chat around that interview, I complained that his theaters didn’t sell coffee. A few days later, this letter arrived via  
Wait, I'm getting judged by a guy who eats raisinettes?
Yes, the best candy (if they don’t have Swedish Fish which they rarely do)
How many bad takes can one man have?
I blame all the sugar.
It’s their fault for only carrying Red Vines.
This is the only compelling argument I’ve yet heard
you must be a riot at parties
The responses have been one of the best Twitter parties I’ve been to
sure jan
What's wrong Seth? Did the theatre put too much salt in your overpriced Dixie cup of popcorn?
Alyssa is Team Seth
Nah. Alyssa would have milk duds under her wig, then pull off another wig to reveal a whole tub of popcorn.
Seth, we only get one life and some of us just have to live dangerously. Of course, I don’t sneak anything in, not bc I don’t want to, but because my grandkids would out me somehow..”Nonna, can I have the M&Ms in your purse that you bought me.” Who needs that embarrassment?
Your snitching grandkids are in the right side of history!
Yes! Yes they are!! They keep me in line 
You're such a square Seth, why can't you just be cool?
Not giving into peer pressure IS cool!

**flushes entire family sized bag of Skittles in AMC bathroom looking around in a panic** “Yeah, you tell them, Seth!”
im telling
I actually used to sneak in quesadillas from Taco Bell under my shirt in high school. They were basically strapped to me like I was a cast member on “Narcos.” True story.
You are a gordita mule
My husband and I sneaked an entire large pizza in when we were dating. It was almost 20 years ago and big puffy coats were in style and turned out to be the perfect cover. It was delicious.
Thats...heroic. a large. Wow.
Little Caesars $5 large. I'm pretty sure we went to the dollar theater too. $7 date right there. lol
I'm proud of y'all.  I went to the movies high as hell  and spent nearly $20 on food. Shit was amazing tho eyy
Not the cinema I work in. The only rule is no HOT outside food and no outside alcohol. Otherwise? Go wild.
Guess what?  Sometimes I say I have no bags at the self checkout when I clearly do. 

I KNOW.  LOCK ME UP NOW.
Well as long as you ain't complaining about the environment being a disaster...go for it
Christ love, that was tenuous wasn't it?
I think you're looking for the word "honest"
No, I'm looking for the word "odd".
Why'd you pick tenuous then?
Because what you said has absolutely sod all to do with what I said. I am Carol Borderman over here mind.
Are you unaware that the 5 cents per bag you pay at the grocery store is essentially an environmental tax? Skip paying it if you want..actually..... be a hypocrite if you want too.
Stop right there rule breaking scum, pay the court a fine or serve your sentence, your smuggled food is now forfeit.
Our theaters allow it so you may want to rethink this tweet
1) paying $8 for Red Vines, which are inferior to Twizzlers in every measurable way, is monumentally sacrilegious; 

2) only psychopaths eat Raisinets... even if they're free.
You’re the type of guy that gets mad at jaywalkers too huh?
Dude over here like:
can’t tell if joke or serious
A friend likes to sneak KFC 'extra crispy', CRUNCH! CRUNCH! CRUNCH! I need you to turn him in and spare us all the mastication sounds.
Depends on the “theater”. I’ve worked at 2 in the UK which both allow you to take in your own food, provided it’s not hot and stinks like fast food
still way better than outing yourself as someone who hates poor people
I actually find if I have a cup of coffee (which my local googleplexes do not sell) when I approach the ticket taker (who is invariably a minimum wage high school student named Scooter, Biff or Dolly) he or she can't be bothered to challenge me so rules shmules. 



You have just outed yourself as someone who will happily pay over the odds. 

I hope every invoice you receive has a 25% added tax just because the sender knows what you are.
That’s why America sucks, pal.
At Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me my friend and I brought bento lunch specials. And maybe @PabstBlueRibbon.
I grew up super poor. We could barely afford tickets. 

I see your movie elitism and raise you a no fucks given.
One of the reasons I can afford overpriced movie theatre snacks is because I'm too smart to spend my money on overpriced movie theatre snacks.

What kind of monster breaks the rules?!?! Of an American Corporation no less!

Here's to hoping they clone Jonathan Schmock circa 1985, put him in every theater and give these CRIMINALS what for!
I stand with this man!!! Why don’t you eat before and not subject your neighbor to your food choices!! This is a communal experience. Bringing in outside food to a cinema = pirating movies to a studio.

Cinemark in Ventura County lets you bring in anything you want. They also have a bar AND coffee. It’s madness. I used to pop a bag of popcorn and put it in my purse with a soda and hit the movies. Now I still do what I want! 
Not in the UK they don't. As long as it's not hot it's allowed in
What kind of authoritarian hellscape do you reside in where your theaters enforce their policies on outside food?
Either let me eat my reasonably priced beef jerky in the cinema or accept that I will pirate the movie to do so at home.
You're such a cop.
Bourgousie criticizing blue collar folks on when its appropriate to buy or bring snacks..we see you
Arrest is then, candy police officer.
Oh hey look it's a huge fucking nerd
Rule-breakers represent! 
I took a bottle of Chardonnay into Bridesmaids...it was amazing. I also passed out

You know, the day movie theaters start catering to populations with food allergies and sensitivities is the day I might take this rule seriously. Until then, I'mma bring my own snacks for me and my kids because there's nothing there for us.
Fuck the rules. I like to live dangerously. 
Some rules are meant to be broken. 

Look, it's a right of passage, a skill passed down from parent to child. And, that's why mom carries the big purse.
Proudly


when injustice becomes law, resistance becomes duty

fuck the police
Until movie theaters start selling tacos and sushi I’ll continue my life of crime.


Me
I'm assuming you drive at the speed limit every day? Dude...just delete your account.
F*ck your rules! 
Who gonna check me boo? 
#n
Too bad. They have neither the food nor drink that I want for a movie.
This take it like your LA traffic. Slow, and filled with privilege.
*keeps living dangerously*
Wow. Get a life

Shut up nerd.
I smoked pot when it was still illegal too whaaaaat B)
What are your thoughts on a full on sandwich? Asking for a friend.
It doesn't seem they apply to you, though:
when I walk into the theater with a fruit roll up in my pocket
I suspect you're comically being a narc, but it's a weird look.

What about vodka?
Look, sometimes you just need to eat movie grapes.

We’re literally still gonna do it. I appreciate you trying, though.
America was founded on Breaking Rules
Shit up nerd
And this is bad?


Minding your business is free 

Cinema Smugglers 
"I rebel." 
Did you think this was a game?
<popcorn sponsored by Smartfood white cheddar>
"If a law is unjust, a man is not only right to disobey it, he is obligated to do so." 

-Thomas Jefferson on Movie Theater Rules About Outside Snacks
Since the only purpose for the rule is to prevent people from taking the one step available to avoid the theater's ridiculously obscene price gouging, and has no health or safety benefit, it's not a valid rule.
No one likes a snitch, Seth.
Concessions are awful.   I rather have Taco Bell nachos than movie theater nachos (which is a bag of broken chips and small cup of cheese sauce for $9).  Until the quality of  snacks improve, people should bring their own.
No one cares, narc.
Wow! Can’t a man just have a soda that doesn’t cost 4.50?
I can live with this seeing as I have to save for a month to buy a movie ticket nowadays
Yeah, because I’m sure my cinema is going through my twitter history right now...moron.
Oh no not rule breaker! Hope it doesn’t go on my permanent record. Do you ever drive over the speed limit?
nerd
found the cop
I mean, I could spend $15 on a drink and popcorn, but I could also spend $15 on an entire cheesecake. It's not a tough call.
Yep. Fuck theaters
In college I had a jacket that I altered to hide a six pack of beer for just this purpose.
What a dork
And...
Why are you like this?
If its hurting you so bad, why dont you just buy all of the poor folk theater snacks? People save like $7 if they bring their own snacks, and thats a price of a meal where I'm from. But if it upsets you so bad, just buy everyone the snacks you want them to eat 
They legit don't have a policy about that though at most theaters. It's a myth. https://cdn.amctheatres.com/Media/Default/PDFs/code-of-conduct-policy.pdf … Cinemark claims to have it on Twitter, but their site says nothing. Regal has it in their FAQs.
NYC theaters don't enforce this. It's like Hamsterdam
I actually can’t eat most of that food. I also need Gatorade, I don’t hide Gatorade, if I can take it into a concert venue or through TSA, I’m not letting some mall cop stop me from bringing it into a theater

Why did you become a journalist when you're apparently much better at being a cop
If someone is on a keto, high protein, gluten-free, is a vegan or has any other dietary restrictions and the theatre doesn’t sell what they can eat, you’re not breaking any rules. No one should be forced to starve until after or eat something they shouldn’t just to watch a movie.
Not in the UK. It's allowed here.
And you’ve exquisitely outed yourself as an industrial sized family pack of douche nozzle.
Was trying to think of the last guy who went on a rant like yours, then it hit me:
Our airline does the same thing. Then charges for food on board. What do you think about that?
Dork.
You should try bringing wine in!! It’s next level amazing for a good film
As if you've never broken rules Seth.
They can have rules but unless it's stated on the ticket policy, which is the only enforceable transaction record, they can tell it to the constable.
One of my proudest moments was not spilling my coffee inside my purse as I snuck it into the movie theater.
i'm diabetic! maybe if they started selling fruit we'd be in business and I can stop smuggling whole bags of grapes in.
I tried...
Troll... Theatres don't do bag checks. So fuck em. I'll bring in my candies that are 1/4 the damn price since the movie already costs my family over 50 damn dollars to go to.
Then they should sell samosas and pakore.
If I could plug in a microwave I wouldn't have to buy popcorn.
OH GOD NOT THE RULES!

mind your business

Cop
Let me guess, you were hall monitor when you were in school, weren't you?
He was the kid who took it upon himself to "take names" when the class had a substitute teacher. Bet he did a lot of running after school.

Maybe no one gives a fuck?
i’m not paying 8 bucks for a large popcorn that’s just gonna give me hypertension when i could just get hypertension with a dollars worth of kernels at home.
Ya. Sure. Like you pay for admission. 
Try addressing how exhibitors are completely boned by crooked distribution gangsterism.
Starlets weren't the only thing Harvey ef'd.
Or chitter on about another sadly predictable comicbook movie.
Your call.

HILARIOUS. Thank goodness for my Fake Name! You Coppers will never get me! #QueenOfJuniorMints
you're the kid who told on a classmate because they brought a candy bar to school aren't you?

No food in theaters is such an urban legend. Get over yourself. Some people prefer to leave a movie without taking out a loan.
theres no selection tho
Fuck youu
But if I bring it inside the theater, it's not outside food anymore, is it?

Who gives a fuck

you must be so much fun at parties
No outside food inside?
I’m already paying 1800% markup on popcorn you savage!
I do what I want.
Please. I pop my own popcorn (no disgusting palm oil for me!) and make my own mimosas. I don't trust people who don't break bullshit capitalist rules.
Mimosas!
Best move I saw was the family bringing in a whole kfc meal in a baby stroller (no baby)
My father made us smuggle the popcorn in brown paper bags. It was humilating! I don't mind smuggling the candy, but ya can't hide popcorn,
Snitch
I live on the edge.
The best way to sneak in a 40, is barrel down your crotch, hunch your shoulders, and suck your gut in 110%

oh no
Have you ever exceeded the speed limit? Rules are made to be broken. Dont be a square.
This is the least-funny joke I have ever seen in my entire life. I think you should find a new job.
I am assuming it is a joke.  A  sad snobby type joke.
It’s not outside food once you bring it inside the theater, duh.

Feel free to pay for all us rule breakers snacks then hoe
Spoken like a true Hollywood elitist 
cop

Some rules are meant to be broken.
Poor people exist, dude
Rethink this
Lol never going to apologize for being broke. My hardworking mom took us to the 1$ dollar theater with our Halloween candy in her purse and there's nothing desperate or tacky about it
You have a $1 theater? That’s dope as fuck
I AM POOR DO YOU WANT TO BUY MY SNACKS FOR ME WHEN THE ONLY TIME I CAN SEE A MOVIE IS ON $5 TUESDAYS???? IF SO U CAN DM ME LAWD HAVE MERCY 
Actually in the UK you are allowed to bring in your own stuff as long as it's not hot food or alcohol .
That makes so much sense. Solid idea!

White ppl get so stressed out

Chill and have a Snickers
thug life
I don’t recall being presented with a document containing the rules, we didn’t go over them and I did not sign a document stating I’ve read the rules, understand the rules and accept consequences for not adhering to the rules. These “rules” sound like suggestions to me.
"They are more like guidelines" - Captain Barbossa in Pirates of the Caribbean

Nobody likes a snitch
Sure.
** IN a theater biting into a BURRITO while watching Infinity War trying to figure out why this dipshit think he can judge other people's pockets and food taste for long movies over 2 and a half hours**
 fellow burrito smuggler
Oh you mean to those cinemas that charge a premium of up to $3.50 for a 3-D presentation but then ask you to return those glasses in a ridiculous "Save The World" recycle bin, then repackage the glasses and sell them as new, charging $3.50 to another customer? It's war Seth.
Yes we are clearly real rebels! LOL once I even brought a Pizza Hut personal pan pizza into McDonalds. Oh the scandal!
I suppose you always drive below the posted speed limit too

when theater food comes down to around the price of a car, i'll think about the rules. snitch on that.
Tell you what. Cinergy etc agree not to charge inhumanly unaffordable prices for their fare and we'll stop.
Nah, we'll just do Netflix.
My favorite thing to do at the movies is eat a big hot poutine I smuggled in my jacket from the poutinerie down the street
That’s brave. Not too worried about the Curds or Fries ...albeit greasy...it’s the Gravy that would give you away for sure! #CanadianIllegalMovieProblems

the hall monitor has logged on
@RegalMovies do something!
Trash.
You can't joke your way out of that brutal ratio-ing, narc. With any luck "Let them eat seven dollar popcorn" won't be the first line of your obit, but don't count on it, Marie Arclightoinette.
This is exactly the type of shit a fucking geek would say. "But...um...guysss...that's against the rules"
Hahaha
Revolutions don't happen with law abiding citizens.

What did you search to get this amazing gif?
I can't even remember. Something about food and pockets I think 
Comes up with Pocket Pizza, amazingly.
eat shit, nerd
Narc.
Even your president is a rule breaker (and way beyond sneaking a Mars bar into a movie theatre), so what's your point?
I snuck tacos into a movie cause I wanted food once and now I’m a rule breaker?
Love me some movie popcorn.
