Sh is in should, so.....

Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Katy did you let your father know that Gods been here for a long time. I am the Messiah.
And we will always remember it!
If you give a shit about the earth, go VEGAN. @katyperry #veganlifestyle
Would like you to write a song about you were sleeping then suddenly you woke up on another planet with a different race of humans but living in unity
Hey Katy luv ya
I agree but we should do more than listen. She sustains us not the other way around. She really is our Mother not only as a life giver but in a biological way also.
The same be with you
Wow, that’s deep.
You are so so beautiful Katy.
,,,I love her song,,anyway friends I'm not familiar on Twitter You can follow me here please
So is Heart, maybe we should love it too?
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1900198833346949&id=100000705517335 …
I heard something but could have been my chair..
Look     Happy like and love.
#FollowBack

Great fan of Katy <3 

Follow me and get Followed back

Hola 
Katy, peace be with you, and may God bless you always!
well yes it is
every day is earth day....dont pretend she is not of notice or of forgotten history but holding your feet this second.....abundant and alive....
That was pretty clever lol I love earth day, and Katy is awesome. Idc what they say about you Katy!!
EartHeartHeartHeartHeart


Ehhh didn’t get it
I think your a very Special little lady. You've done a gr8 job on American idol
Hi Katy, I love you! Please, meet Florianópolis 
Very nice thought however you can convey the concerns and turn heads n ears where I can not.
Look @ the earth like a car engine. The center is hot and molten. Run a car with out oil n what happens. Dry up crude oil n what do we do to this planet ?
Deep!
Put a cork in it, Katy.
poetisa do pop

I LOVE YOU

I miss you :(

that's about right
I just wanted to say what a wonderful person I think you are keep up the good work in all that you do. Old and decrepit
I noticed your awesomeness along with your partners awesomeness on American Idol Katy Perry!!!
Thank you, for speaking the words, of my, prayer's, the words from my soul!!!
@chelseashaw1996 she's high
True
It is good to take care of the Earth.
@leggioluciano Thank you for the Anche con te pace e amore salute
@leggioluciano 
Suffered from acidity ! Read This For Natural cure
#gas #HomeRemedies #ayush #Ayurvedic #IPL2018 https://maxnatureherbal.blogspot.com/2018/03/home-remedies-for-acidity.html …
Art read at heart
Rathe Earth, 
Hear her tear
Eat heat
Tar the hate  

Who'd guess there's so many words in Earth?
The word art is in earth maybe you should actually create some while on this planet....noise pollution is bad!
earth's ears are burning
flop
If only tweets would be enough to save this planet. We should celebrate earth day every day cause when it comes down to it our planet is the most important thing we care about as a community and we do an awful job at it sadly.
Love her my idol 
Kmk
Katy nu te inzorzonii pentru plăcerea unor fani care cred că ești o păpușă Barbie.Esti o ființă umană normală iar eu ador muzica http://ta.PS  fi naturală în tot ceea ce faci în viața!
hello
Same to you Katy Perry
That's one of the coolest things I think I've heard anyone say in a long time and it makes a lot of sense.... In other words basically what you're pretty much saying is  communication is the problem to the answer  I couldn't agree more.   Stay cool girlfriend love ya..
By the way I love you too.
I had never seen that before, thank You so much for the information, (EARth) I love the earth, can't keep my hands out of it.

- Rupi Kaur
What
Art is also in it
Unfortunately, you can’t military here
Love with eeeeu
Thank you so much for this, Katy!!
Nonsense
Love to love the world peace that spreads harmony to us all
I love you katy
Love you
If world is a stage, we need to change our act!!
#Dimecoin
Love
Same to you
@kanyewest is that you?
You found a word in a word and it’s simple and yet so meaningful  - Chime on Katy!  @D3charms
Love your ears!
Thanks Katty
Look like heart day 2 me idk
amen coco
Hello!!!
We love you!!!
We always respect you and inspired by you!!!
Please listen to this song we made!!!
We are sure you like it!!!
Thank you!!!

Yeah with your back against a tree. Just look out for squirrels. And lizards.
Cringe
Thats one of the dumbest things i have ever read
So true miss parry for words always have a hidden meaning behind it ,as they say a word can back it up
MOTH - BREVTHING DRVGUNZ TRAAAP by Dbassbwoyee https://soundcloud.com/dbassbwoyee/moth-brevthing-drvgunz-traaap … on #SoundCloud Hell yayaz
#Katheryn2020
U right
Like wise
my one and only role model..you are my favourite katy
So true,#RoaringKat!Happy Earth Day!Goodnight!
Some people can't be kindly katy
If the word ham is in hamster, maybe we should eat them then 
@wasgehtsleutz fuck das is zu deep
Die alde hat das bestimmt auf tumblr gesehen
Let's listen to the earth, but not without my private jet. Pretty ironical. B*tch
Nice
Beatyfull charm 
welcome to my side
Wow
Really
Amen Katy
If the word ear is in Earth, maybe we should listen to it. Peace be with you on this beautiful earth #earthday 

truly inspiring Queen 
hear hear
Queen
Gucci
The earth is are mother and people disrespect her every day she gives us life people destroy her
amen

Big chief no comprendo
I am falling in love with that woman she is awesome
We want to have peace!

ナルコ   神話   (Naruko)  (Shinwa)  spotify,itunes
Only works in English-- all languages need to be included
Help me wity loan help everyone at least bank  3.000euro€ hesap erhan kuru kuveytürk  94878864-101thnks
I agree did you know that listen and silent have the same letters!!
Ear is in underwear
Well you go ahead and listen to your underwear, Kyle. Let us know how that goes.
It was beautiful actually  I didn't know they went through so much
Well said
Great stuff Katy! Keep it up! I love it!
That s cute katy .

Wowo
Ear and there!...
So is “ar” so maybe we should all wear eye patches.
No corp PROFIT in that, not gonna happen anytime soon hb
thank you for everything you do.
ti amo..
What a wonderful word!...
Let’s play Double Rainbow to the world
I agree. Well put. Beautiful and wise.
diz que ama sua filhinha hihi
te amo mae
falou tudo
:)


anjo
That is one good perspective.
Diamante da filosofia, sereia inteligente, ícone pensante, rainha que faz reflexões, cristal do conhecimento, fada da sabedoria, Platão do pop, isto é Katy Perry senhoras e senhores
Quem concorda comigo pensa. E se não pensa, logo não existe. Quem não existe não pode opinar sobre nada.
Fada humanitária
rainha filósofa, Sócrates esmurrado
Please keep our rivers clean. I visited a river that was polluted with so much mercury, that I could take my temperature with a salmon.
Love earth and follow me I'll follow u back :)
What you have that feeling,, lips are talking on your eyes,  in day earth..
I hear ya.


Peace be with you as well Katy...<3
Good
Hmm kinda lame
Awesome
Hmmm


yes..
Earths in here enjoy its free https://sites.google.com/site/silkysmoothdecosta/spell …
How’s the earth gonna talk it ain’t gotta mouth.

Happy Earth day to everyone !
But that’s only in English 0.o
Katy, you’re great on #americanidol  Don’t pay attention to all the crap. Love you!! 
Satanic skank
Holy cow...  you need to stick to singing.
what’s the best thing about earth
the earth is blessed to have you
Hay que cuidar nuestro hogar es planeta tierra
Everyone stop polluting the earth
u r queen on earth
Keep earth green and clean. Have a good day

Ur a good human
anjo
Filosofou
The winners I predict catie turner , Aida , and the guy you took a strand of hair from. Lol
Mom
ok but have you ever noticed how weird ears are?
I have too many thoughts like this 
i think about the oddness of ears like 4 times a week 
But, like, what if it isn’t?

Ilysm. Wlysm. 
And also with you
#EarthDay2018
https://www.instagram.com/p/Bh42Q5SHUQZJAAmLIoUtIIyHHiNqWuxDfchMxw0/ …
Happy Earth Day Katy...from one of your oldest fans (age wise)!
Better than listening to your music.
Countries should take care the water, the people contaminate the water with waste.
It’s not hard to listen to her, she’s screaming rn 
I'm a great listener! Just saying
Katy, 
Idol is failing in the ratings because your group is putting forward stories instead of singers. I have tried to listen the first hour now and it is painful. Please watch back, not one has been good enough to be called an idol let alone a singer.
ANOTADO RAINHA SENSATA!
So is the word art. Earth is our canvass, love is our paintbrush.
