LOVE THE TOP 10! I wish Mara & Marcio were a part of it too. 
They could have if Michelle and Ada don’t go through! Y’all cmon not trying to be mean but those Two are not up to par and I never hear any critiques on Ada screaming and Michelle shaky voice . Mara was so solid and Johnny and any of the other boys were better. America’s Right!!
I have never voted before, but I will vote this time.  Ada should not go further.
Why not?
Wow
New format of 4 judge saves is just a way to suppress the will of the voters & chastising them is a mistake. Plenty of good singers, but need to have personality & positive attitude. No coincidence the top 6 smile a lot & have positive attitude.
yass katy u look flawless <3
Congrats!


I do hope Ada will make it to the finals much love from all the Tonga Leitis Association from the Kingdom of Tonga.
Only 3 really have a shot. Everyone else is average
Lots of pretension of mine, but as a fan I can ask ... my son has a virtual store of shorts, just needs that push. a tanned, a spreading. Good boy, it's to help in college. thanks
https://www.instagram.com/portoshorts/ 
Love them all! Good decisions America and judges
All but one
I do not watch reality shows and especially American Idol after Hillary Scott tried twice to make it to the stage and was rejected twice. How many Grammy’s does she now have, 7 or 8, and if it was’t for American Idol there may have never been a Lady Antebellum.
Love purple sweater girl. She grabs my heart

Hi Katy, my 8 years old daughter, May, draw this for you. Hope you like it 
America saw Last Week that Voting means nothing! Zero. NADA.. Its a joke!
All you judges to the fantastic job this season so much great talent you have opened doors for all these talented young people God bless all three of you Kathy,Luke. Lionel God bless you all
Follow me.
Follow me please, guys
I loveee youu guysss soo muchhhh
You follow Taylor Swift  (again) Now?
dont want to hear you, @MarcioDonaldson should be in top 10 you did not count our vote,
WHY IN THE HELL did you put Michelle Sussette in over Mara Justine?!? And Jonny Brenns instead of Marcio Donaldson??? I am completely flummoxed!
Not good
At least 2 of those people the judges picked were COMPLETELY WRONG!!!!!! I see what you did!!!! And it’s just not right at all!!!!! You should have never let Marcio, Garrett, Johnny and Mara go!!!! Especially not before the 2 mistakes you made!! Unbelievable!!!!
You should include @LionelRichie in this comment cuz we all know who he was behind pushing through, as I said to him he needs to stop thinking with his little head #thought he'd be a good judge guess I was wrong
Bella 

No Trevor. Poor @katyperry. She most be heartbroken
Can you bring Catie to open for you in Amsterdam?
Nope!
Un uomo che appare, come appare il passato: Il disprezzo dei camici bianchi: altro non sapevo vedere. Le… https://goo.gl/fb/koLR2z 
You are a terrible judge. We need Simon Cowell.

unchh
I love singing
Love! 
Gawd I freaking <3 U! Pisses me off sometimes... If only u knew. But regardless I will find my way through to u. Sweet dreams beautiful... I'll c yah round. 3:)
Absolutely love you as a judge on this. Didn't really know you that we'll before this. Your songs yes but not you as a person. All I can say is you bring ALOT to the judges table & the show. Love it!
I have a sweet story about promoting INTEX air bed. Hope you win Taiwan local agent authority. How to contact you in private?
Please bring Johnny back!!!!
Take a ride for me. The roller coaster is my all time favorite.
Please bring Johnny back. .
You guys are a joke with your pc picks.  Judge and present based on talent and sex or gender will not be factors.
Brilliant
"Being best is a false goal, you have to measure success on your own terms." -  Damien Hirst
Source: http://quotedark.com 
Why even bother voting if y’all judges already messed up and put Michelle in the top 10 knowing damn well there were better singers than her that DESERVED to be in the top 10. #imjustsaying
nice one

I'm so anxious that the day will come, I'll enjoy the most of May 3 @ArenaCdMexico, I hope I'm lucky to have a picture with you, see you next week. 
what is wrong with this season... the people voting should be picking those going through... you guys keep saying it is not about the voice only!  It is a SINGING COMPETITION ... and you have sent some talented people home and kept michelle, who can't carry a tune in a bucket! :(
loveeeee
Love Yourself TEAR will be out May 18th and @BTS_twt will be performing new single at @BBMAs on 20th!
thanks judges for saving the ones you did.  All my favs who I voted for ended up in the top ten!   Several of which you saved....
https://diamondsmile.vn/hoi-dap-nha-khoa/hau-qua-cua-boc-rang-su-sai-cach.htm …
Į́ founf E.T hard drive 
It had over 8 biłłion re writ sectors on it i parrałłełł ran stacked it with my łenovo o/s and beamed a łazer with błue łight to spacecand im ałmost positive that that magnetic disc read data and sent it to far away extra ts and restored alot of cełebs i
Į́ łove u
I love you my kate
Kiss from Notre Dame des Landes under war
Catie was America’s choice and deserved the respect of the judges while singing. Watching @katyperry throw a hissy fit because Ada was not the people’s choice was disrespectful to Catie and those who voted. You should be better than this.
if you truly are a fan of America, you must vote #DonaldTrump like Kanye West in 2020
Katy please make Catie sing no rain by blind melon!!!
I voted and I shock that you did not pick Mara Justine
@MichelleSussett sux! WTH were you thinking?!?!

#CNNENDOFTHEWORLDVIDEO #CNNENDOFTHEWORLDVIDEO #CNNENDOFTHEWORLDVIDEO #CNNENDOFTHEWORLDVIDEO #CNNENDOFTHEWORLDVIDEO #CNNENDOFTHEWORLDVIDEO #CNNENDOFTHEWORLDVIDEO #CNNENDOFTHEWORLDVIDEO #CNNENDOFTHEWORLDVIDEO #CNNENDOFTHEWORLDVIDEO #CNNENDOFTHEWORLDVIDEO #CNNENDOFTHEWORLDVIDEO
Katy people are also saying Ada is only good for Broadway and not an American Idol!
Katy thanks so muc for making the decision to keep Ada! I know you talked to tje other judges but so sick of hearing people saying you broke the rules to keep a drag queen!  People are saying she should have gone home because America did not vote for her! I love Ada!
Judges went political on 4 picks not on talent.  Mara and Marcio should have been chosen.
Idol would b better served if u refrained from making comments AGAINST d ppl who vote just because they did not pick ur choice. Get real!!!
Grow your hair out
dm me if you wanna sample a beat .. or buy one
very good team http://www.lafonditaokc.com 
Make roulette next single
THANK YOU for keeping @AdaVox - We adore her and are cheering y'all on from Palm Springs. #EqualityforAll #ThatVoiceTho #SheCanSaaaang #MyVoteMatters
Hi
We voted and you did not like the outcome. Why should we ever vote again?
This years Top 20 has been amazing! I loved all of them in their own special way! I know that  there will be one IDOL winner, however we are going to see all of these talented artist again in the future! Awesome season !

Great video: Stellar Decentralized Cryptocurrency Exchange @stellarportio powered by xlm | #BlockChain #Bitcoin #cryptocurrency #international 
please, ADA must Go....
The american idol judges should remember this is american idiol not the voice.I do not think america agress with their choices if they want to be judges on the voice fantastic,but they dont belong on american idol Now they have made it pc ,change judges dont try to force pc
It is crazy that the judges didn't pick Marcio - great singer & charisma to burn, a much better entertainer than most of these kids.  His was the ONLY duet performance in which the contestant matched or even outshone the celebrity duet partner.  Big-time mistake to send him home.
Hi Katy, the new hair style look so good on you. You look so beautiful. Love you. 
Awe pretty kitty .. it's ok girlie I have gotten back to the show. Watched the last show with my dad we love ya
I ll go  vote

My love  IS  on a roller coaster , you're so nice & sweet love
YOU DID GOOD and REALLY GOT THIS RIGHT!  Great job!
I am Graphic Designer and experienced on Photoshop editing. Please check my link before placing order.
http://fiverr.com  - alam7614's public profile on Fiverr
HALOO
I BELIEVE IN JESUS CHRIST <3
Like really? It’s about the the voice not the story! Typical far left pic!
YOU
felicidades

Katy your crossing guard move for Ada was a thing of directional beauty. From our house to yours- great move
@katyperry you look beautifull girll
I just really love youuu 
You're beautiful, through and through!!! 
I watched the journey of these contestants. There tears their hope and their tenacity...i was moved to see the passion in music...the dedication to express...they all made me feel " what a wonderful world it is ".. Thank you talent you made me feel alive...

congrats @katyperry 
You bashed America's vote... You stated we don't know talent... Another loss fan and vote
I love you! You are the spicy hot sauce on the whole American Idol Enchilada! But, what the hell does "love and light" mean anyway??? Is Jesus driving a Tesla up your driveway after sunset or something? 
It’s sad you took a spot from Effie who can actually sing for Jonny
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=SjBXk4ud_uQ … Katy How could you!  Include that routine in your tour! 
I am rooting for ADA and I'm going to vote for her to win. She's a great singer and a beautiful performer.
And, I can't believe the talent this season.  They are all so great
I love you.  I don't  care what reviews have been.  The show has been so much more interesting with you all as judges.  Lol. You guys are so funny to watch.
Michelle Susette cannot sing. Horrible choice. So off key, it hurt my ears.
how could you put Michelle through over Mara?!
Was a fan of @MarcioDonaldson and see where that got me. Yes I voted for him but yet he still went home. Will not name names but can’t believe a few of them made it through over him. 
#MarcioShouldHaveStayed
#TotalBS
@katyperry
Michelle? I don’t get it...y’all missed it on her
Except you must have a smart phone, I know most do but PLENTY do not..
The CCK got his votes in...
Friendly!
POWER?
Hmm...qualified woman not getting the job. #StillWithHer
Political Correctness 1, Mara, 0. Guess the poor straight white girl should have sung in Spanish. Shame. We all thought this was a singing competition-not another Democratic convention. @AmericanIdol @MaraJustine1 #worstidoljudgesinhistory
Keep criticizing America Katie and see what happens to your career. We put you where your at and we can just as well tear you down. Learn your place.
not just cause my name is katie, but i truly believe you and catie are each other’s spirit animals (and this kt’s)
You all got it wrong. Marcio should have been top 10. Somethings just not right!!!
Y did u put thru Michelle sussett. NOTHING to do with race. She has NO TALENT. that’s y she wasn’t VOTED 4. LOVE Ada & Jurnee That’s talent!
I’ll certainly be voting for the ones America chose! It is just sad how the “judges” made choices that had nothing to do with whether they could sing. We lost some good singers today that deserved it based on their better voices....it is just sad how we didn’t get to choose all
You are wonderfully supportive and entertaining judges, but I hope you have learned this week that you and your @LionelRichie and @LukeBryanOnline need to be more assertive in your advising the audience who indeed deserves their votes.

#savetheyouth #research #PIZZAGATE #PEDOGATE #MKULTRA #PEDOWOOD
I truly love them all and therefore I cannot vote, as my love is not based on their performing, but their bright shining souls.
love the purple dress @katyperry 
In your industry ur more likely to accept people like Ava. Viewers who vote didn't like him. He isn't a American Idol type.
Why, do you can call every American a traitor for not voting for Michelle?
So glad you saved Ada and Jurnee! Don't know what's wrong with America. They so deserve to be up there
They weren’t good
Awesome show, judges, singers, producers etc! Very nice 4/30 seems likes it was a popular date!
Love all of you
You looked beautiful last night, queen 
I am so glad I am watching American Idol!!!
TO YOU, LIONEL & LUKE: For saving Ada Vox. She deserved it. You have very big hearts & picked the best contestants ever for the competition. God bless you three.
looking for Quality Cheap headphones>>
Missed big on Marcio - huge!! How he is not top 10 is beyond me.
What is the deal anyway w allowing the judges to determine the final 4? I could see maybe the bottom 2, but really the bottom 8????? So realistically, America can pick 6 out of the top 10? 51% of the vote? Thats not America's Idol, that's Katy Perry's picks.
Y’all talked about pushing Ada through to the next round while Catie was still singing last night.Not to mention it was rude to the other artist who didn’t make it through. I could care less that y’all pushed her through but the way you did it was wrong. You owe them an apology.
I agree... the behavior displayed by @katyPerry while @hashtagcatie was singing was not only rude but very disrespectful smh Katy throwing down a card... and you could see the hurt in Catie's eyes, she saw that moment. Katy you owe Catie a BIG APOLOGY   :(
Can’t vote I’m Canadian 
It sounds like the vote of actual Americans didnt count either by picking 2 people that were not selected to be in the top 10.
Edge of the seat show tonight,, good luck to the finial 10
Maybe needs a bar tab ?  :)
Mario was excellent, Michelle should have went home
RT
First there was Trump Derangement Syndrome ... and now there is a new strain: Melania Trump Derangement Syndrome

@DeneenBorelli calls out the "high-minded" liberals who disrespect and mock the First Lady

 Thank you @deneenborelli WELL SAID!
All a big affirmative action political statement.
You saying PC idiots are the one that established the participation trophy.
I can care less what the "Toilet",  Katy Perry has to say.
I wish all of them good luck..they are all awesome
Haven't watch but maybe 15 minutes  Of this season because it sucks. Especially having the toilet Katy Perry as one of the judges
I thought this was @AmericanIdol - not Judges' Idol? No way that Michelle was better than @MaraJustine. Mara should be in the top 10 & I imagine she was - just not the top 6. She had the views on her performances on @YouTube   Stop with the political agenda on AI. @ABC_Publicity
No Marcio or Mara? Rigged.  Would live to see the top ten America put through!
why vote, u did whatever you want, terrible, the idol was sent home
They are just picking contestants that will make for a better show because this remake SUCKS! Watch the judges use it to seel their own music just like the voice does.
Introduce @MichaelJWoodard to @Sia please! And tell @chancetherapper this boy is 
Thank you so much for putting 
Ada Vox through immediately. 
Ms Vox deserved the spot. I agree that the Top 10 all deserve to be there. Looking forward to Sunday performances. 

Tough job...The Best is yet 2 come.
Please
My Dream its meet you katy
Please mom
Notice me
Love u mom
Roller coaster? You decided your top 10 long before the show started. Rename the show “Politically correct crap we are going to shove down your throat regardless of what you think”.
Congrats !! 
Voting for Idol is a lot like prayers it seems. You can do either but there is already a greater plan.
