oh f*ck i missed it again. STOP GOING LIVE AT 4 am THANK YOU
Hello Kathryn!  Hope u have fun at werk! Attempting to get ur attention... Probably haven't noticed yet. LoL Or just think I'm another random... I'm definitely random, but not just another. I made a bet to have a heart to heart with u before my next Bday. 2k for Charity? O.o
Made the bet 10ish years ago.. I know I'm a procrastinator.. I apologize.. It's just that I love pulling out things just in the nick of time! 3:) It's all about the timing.. Timing wasn't right.. Somehow I feel like the time of my life is just around the corner. I Wonder why?
<3
legend ilysm
rt this so it can go viral
hold up. so y'all will drag a female like katy to the pits of hell for doing this but when maluma, a male, does the exact same thing y'all stay mute? double. standards. https://twitter.com/fbgirrrrll/status/984784253824192512 …
legends
TE AMO KATHERYN
I know you've been in a million time zones lately....but it's after 8pm EST now. 
EAST COAST? THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU
WIG
if tamra doesn’t make a guest appearance im not watching
Oh hi
catie turner winner

Where is queen Mary ???? We’re all waiting for her !!!!

I'll be watching!! You are so beautiful. I wish I could sing so I could have met you!
YOU FINALLY ARENT GOING LIVE WHILE IM ASLEEP
I HAVE SCHOOL TOMORROW BUT I DON’T CARE I’M HERE FOR YOU BYE
I won’t have to spam your comments saying that I’m tired anymore wig
Please like my drawing Queen 
Finally at a reasonable hour here!
HEY MOM
Hey hey hey @katyperry today is my birthday! Can you be my #witness tonight?  
Mary the Boss Is Back
ily
Give your mom a big hug. Enjoy the time with her. I lost my mom 2-ish months ago and would give anything to hug her again. 
Legend promote and release a new single
Hi katey. Could u tweet my daughter #sharnaholswich  plea for help. We have less than 4 week till her brain surgery for moyamoya desease. Its very rare and we need help to let people know its moyamoya awareness day on may 6th too. Love ur music. It was a great inspiration. 
Thank you mom for you you give us so much joy with your beautiful voice and great songs each day is easier and full of optimism thank you Katte
damn cute

Just caught the last five minutes utes of Idol, waiting to see another show... man, you really suck!!!! Now I know why I don’t watch it, and I love Luke.... man you are just really bad.. all done
I love you on IDOL!!
READY FOR MY GIRL MARY
MY HEART IS SO READY
You have 109 millions followers!!
Why?! 
Top
we stan Mary Christine also we still want that Elvis story !!
Yay!!!!
Yusss school holidays so I can actually watch
I'm not gonna sleep then
Make roulette single queen
TE AMOOOO
HI MOM
The necklace is making an American idol debut 
I see you in 18 day's babe
finally east coast time 
mae
Why is Katy wearing pajamas on American idol
well where is it
Matematica tem haver com ciencias?
Hey guys I just started my YouTube channel I will start posting videos this week, and I will give 1k v-bucks to 6 people 
Rules are
Retweet this, subscribe to me and turn the notifications on 
I will announce the winner on April 20
I'm your number 1 fan
You are beautiful and talented, but I really miss the old you with the beautiful brunette hair and the unbelievable eyes!
Just love u so much 
I'm so excited, wig!
I Love u katy..

Cool. Just had to pause clip too, double check. Looks like pretty bling.
You are so damn fine Katy.
Where did you get your outfit??
Me when I saw this tweet lmao
Amazed by Ada Vox!
YES MOTHER
#FollowBack

Great fan of Katy <3 

Follow me and get Followed back
Your adorable little lady!
You are so beautiful. I doubt you could look bad if you tried. I love your clithes, hair, shoes &your makeup is beyond perfect. Then after you leave us breathless, here comes your adorable personality. You are awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Beautiful 
Bonazzona
I like
Katie!!!!
hope they do more jessie j
Today is my birthday, if you wished me congrulations I would be very happy
Go East?...
You go fly girl.
Does your mom know you're ugly?
hi katy perry im your fan
بسیار  زیبا،،،،، و  بسیار  متفاوت  با  انچه  نا کنون  دیده  بودم،،،،.دنیا  باید   افتخار  کند،،،، به  تینهمه  جلتل  و  شکوه،،،،

Me when I see Oreos or if someone offers me one heheh take it  love you Katy
You are my Behest fan
Cute
You were blonde long ago.
ilove yu

Yea you saved the freak!!! You have no idea the example you’re setting for young people who watch you . That’s ok now we will vote the freak off!!
https://www.facebook.com/Destinationbeyo/ …
Book all your travels with me
Love the Hanging Earrings

may laike
Have a nice time, love 
Divina como siempre
You lost many viewers/voters letting @EffiePassero go seriously over @calebleemusic &/or @MaraJustine1 no offense young folks ur great but u have lots to learn & far to go...judge mental lapse
I still can't find your nano bot in the house
We love you Katy
Missed out on the right picks tonight!#AmericanIdol #IdolDuets
Katy is rock'n the fashion
What is the designer of your daisy outfit?  Beautiful!
Fantastic!
Miss Katy I would love to see you do a duet with Ada the song Fireworks!!! That would be epic!!! I also feel for you judges!!! This is got to be the hardest but the most amazing season!!!!
Love that fit and your hair is SNATCHED! #WIG

You and your mom are so funny and genuine together.  Makes me miss having those moments with my Mom. 
I’m in love with every outfit!!! Want the deets!! #AmericanIdol

I like your smile
Hey Yeeeah, let me see more of that Fly Girl outfit. . . Whoooo Hooow Kathryn !!!

Hi

I Know you Want it,Your So Lucky What Rimes with Hug me ? You Want To F%#& Me.
girls gift of god 
islaam
Sorry but, you are a joke on American Idol !! Your clothes , your actions , on your knees in worship form and trying to sit like a man last night ,OH Please !  American Idol get a talented gal with some class#replacekatywithsophistication
I have hiv can't do to much but had it Since 1994 wondering if I am going to die sorry

Hi. Love your jewelry.
Wow
Love u so much 
Y you are so fresh are you married what's his name nee lunatic Russell Brand are never know but you need some real South London around you give a shout
Good


Si pudieras ayudarme a emigrar te lo agradecería muchísimo. Haz click en el enlace.
love you
Hello Kathryn My Dearest! Hope werk was great. Still trying to get ur attention... Thankfully I'm retardedly patient and persistent. Hmm that reminds me of a quote I came up with when I was younger.

Patience and Persistence are the Virtue of Stars! 
#ShineBright
Meu amor 
Good luck katy hope the show goes well.
Very good

잘자요 

Adorable Katy......
siempre con un look diferente,con este te quito 10 años aunque ni falta q te hace.
What happened?  That outfit and hair?
Motivation comes from wisdom of doing. Miles traveled from inner work line the soul with deep love of your art. @katyperry your mentoring is everything on American Idol. Them that hear will be forever strengthen.
انتي حبيبتي
Beautiful 
Best performance of the night!
We heard you like Nugget!
We made a song for you!
Please listen to it!!!
love you @katyperry
How about you follow, PLEASE ..... It's my dream.
Iraha panjangna buuk th nyai
My idol.
Cool 
nice 
As much as I love you can you please,please,please use another facial expression sometimes?! Yes the contestants are awesomely talented (that’s why you picked them) but The OMG total shocked mouth open to catch flies is starting look fake #noonelikesfakeasspeople
Beatyfull My loveeeeeee 
Good morning Katy thanks for sharing.
Crush....
I love u
Kate Kate Katie.
You look happy and pretty 
You are so funny
Katy we love you 
#Iranians

@iamcardib. @pitbull @angelayee @MariahCarey                              Listen to Put it down - Mistablack by Sonny Garza #np on #SoundCloud
https://soundcloud.com/sonny-garza-731621425/put-it-down-mistablack …
Bonjour Katy Perry :-)  [ ]

is there a way to become your boyfriend ? well ...just tell it to me katy 
111

