#bringthaddeusback. Undo a really SUCKY DECISION!!!  #americanidol
I guess we are hearing different things #BringThaddeusBack
So true
Nice
Can’t believe you judges cut the kid from the Bayou! He has the raspy voice that makes him unique! Big mistake!
#american idol  the kid from the Bayou should have made top 24!

is you dating takeoff?#curius

BRING BACK THADDEUS!!!
caleb is slaying
Katy tell me you love me
Katy perry tu ta metida com outro projeto??
Lots and lots of likes hun.
Ilike his voice @calebleemusic
MAKE ROULETTE SINGLE, BYE #americanidol
I like what I hear whenever you're on the radio. xoxo
Hola
kate I'm been sick with depressin for a long time and I need someone to bring me out of it and if enthing I thank you can do just that

잘자요 
Yes!!!
And please hear our song!!!
We hope you like it!!!

Yes we do
I feel that @katyperry is coming with surprises soon.
Hey Katy Perry please give us a new song for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo Japan.
Also ilike @caitlin i dont know wht she last nym hehehe.. she sing ikiss d girl. By @katyperry
You guys did not get it
Right on the last 2 guys
Shit, I used to love American Idol. Until tonight. 
So you believe in it , "When doves cry".
o que tu tá inventando?
I say the same thing about you.  
WHERE'S #KP5
Vry nys
coe gatinha te amo
#justiceforlegendarylovers miss u baby 
Are you on pacific time zone
mmmh like you most
okay but can you like my tweet too?
do it Katy pls pls pls
COWBOY love

Definitely it is.. Good 1 as u liked it..
Go live in IG girl
Say something about the “broadcast version” of Last Friday Night on vevo sis! we’re confused
Yeah im very confused about it I dont see any difference ecpect that the chats between the parents ans Katy arent at the end
Git yat amk
URUGUAY LOVES YOU
KATYYYYYYY SEE THIS TWITTER PLEASE
Te amo Katy mom
Katy, did your Twitter got hacked?
#iloveyou
constructive criticism for the win!


Go to sleeeep!
Love you 
notice me please
ur coming huh 

@katyperry my little niece is your biggest fan! On Friday she shaved her hair to raise money for cancer, she raised over $1000. We’re going to see you live in Sydney, in August and it would make her life if she got to meet…
Love u
I LOVE IT
Next time another live on instagram?pls
love u

