She's the best. Just saying.
tuita sobre lfn inferno
The girl just blew me away!
I just don’t agree with you telling her to tone down. Let her be who she is. She’s passionate and animated it’s her passion it’s what she does when she sings. Leave her just the way she is. Don’t change her but elevate her.
Marvelous.
You don t have to if you don t want, but remember one thing little kid..

God loves you.
your music is the story in my eyes
She reminds me of Tina Turner!
Thank you so much Katy!! I love you so much! 
Mara you stay true to who you are. Your passion shows in how you sing and perform do not let anyone tell you to tone it down. Don’t ever change who you are and what you do for anyone.  Love your voice sweet girl.
Hi Katy Mara did a great job!  Congrats on getting to the next level! Hope you make to the end!
My screen full of your tweets
Yeah 
The Katy Perry Show !!!

This is @noahdavis50’s dream
I know but it doesn't hurt to share the love 
Katy the queen of being extra telling you to tone it down, keep doing you, the people love it. Thought her of all people would get that.
SERIOUSLY THO?!???? I couldn’t believe my ears.  Not sure KP would have a career without all the bell and whistles.  I thought you were amazing and entertaining !!!
Katycats at your concert
Go Mara! Finally.... TV time. So proud of you. You ARE the music
, how about I sink?? ;)
I feel that @katyperry is coming with surprises soon.
Zzzzzzzzzzz
https://youtu.be/f3Kr-jdcSIU  !
If you wanna know things let me know.
Glitters and Fames does not do anything when you have no love.
Can anyone tell me who my glitter is
That girl blew me away!
Katy I like you but I thought that was very unfair not having @HarperGraceXO on the 24 please reconsider and bring her back,if not I’m done with your @AmericanIdol !
I'm youngest in d family...i work in doha qatar.. but im here now im philippines 2 vcation. 

Ily
Thanks for sharing, no not really.
Ta bom
she should probably get that checked out. can’t possibly be healthy
I think ur the only one I know that actually uses Emojis and I think that’s so cool it’s better then writing it lol btw when I get a hair cut I cut it like urs
What a HUGE voice she has!  This competition is going to be tough!  All of these contestants are SO great!
KP5 IS COMING OR WHAT'S? I HATE YOU SOMETIMES BISH
Mom Go to sleep. Your tweets are making my cellphone blow up in notifications
She got icing to spare 
You gave her really sound advice. Rt. No like, quirk in this comment for real.
When you ignore me
I miss u
Yessssssssssss Queen
Queen, what are u watching it on? I can’t find a website that lets me watch it live
Hii dear Katey can you support me
mom...
Lol
CAN'T YOU STOP!!! WHAT'S HAPPENING??
@katyperry I’LL KEEP ASKING UNTIL YOU REPLY! WHAT IS THIS?!
She put us on *MUTE* lmao
 Katy why you do this?
LFN again? you play a game with us?

Katy 
LOVE YOU
were u threatened lol
Next time another live on instagram?pls

@katyperry my little niece is your biggest fan! On Friday she shaved her hair to raise money for cancer, she raised over $1000. We’re going to see you live in Sydney, in August and it would make her life if she got to meet…
IM SO HAPPY
YASS
WHATS COMING KATY
Muma


