Ada?? Maybe for Las Vegas drag show but not American Idol!!!
Katy perry
Katy perry can sometimes b a smartass js
I still like her tho
I May not be watching for long... Effie, Shannon... and now putting Michelle over anyone ! :(
I agree she by far was the worst!
Dude in a dress = talent for you!!?? REALLY 
No, her voice = talent. Grow up.
It’s a DUDE! Wtf??
Katy you are Awesome @ForteRhea
I respect Lionel & Luke! But I love LOVE Spicy Hotness Katy! Abracadabra! She's MAGIC! She's my LIGHT!!!
You should be in the danger Zone after letting Michelle go this far.

Your doing A killer job! Katy Perry! I love you!
very nice lets go http://www.lafonditaokc.com 
Beatyfull 
I love  you so much Katy Perry and if I can I would date you you are hot and sexy and beautiful
Love you
Hi Katy, I love you! Please, meet Florianópolis 
Marcio should have been saved
Are you buying more #Litecoin? I saw your crypto claws, cool stuff. Should be the future of money someday! 
Katy i love you a lot i wanna be singer since i saw your roar video wish i can meet you one day
@MaddiePoppe We all know the front runner is hiding from the spot light until the night to shine comes when they announce she's the next #AmericanIdol #TeamMaddie
Yes I'm watching! Monday night on American Idol was amazing!
I'm watching like this. #americanidol
Me too ....since all the white people are on one side and those of different ethnicities on the other side. 
Ada will be in the winner circle don't worry. Also Dennis
Ada is a terrible choice. Unpleasant, annoying singing style. America knew that. But @katyperry won’t be able to force him through every week.
I like Ada's voice very talented and I do believe the Katy Perry Luke Bryan and especially Lionel Richie Knoo Talent Think about how long it has been since America has really picked a star?


Nope.
Yas My queen 

I did watch always sad to see some of them go but excited to see who wins
Michelle?? Come on Katy she’s like a bad karaoke singer at a bowling alley 
I don’t get that decision either. She was the weakest singer (if you can call her that) and weakest performer. That decision was wrong.
Katy you are the best critiqer of the team. Your comments are bold and endearing at the same time
Your avatar picture is awesome, love that look :)
60 years in the industry, I hope you got this
Hello!!!
We love you!!!
We always respect you and inspired by you!!!
Please listen to this song we made!!!
We are sure you like it!!!
Thank you!!!
Why did you save Michelle Susette. She's cute but her voice is pitchy
I'M SUPPORTING CATIE AND JONNY LOL

It is heartwrenching!
Way to push your liberal gay SJW agenda Katty.  I cant wait till next week when there is nothing you can do to push Ada through after America doesn't vote for HIM, especially after how upset they are about this week.
What a great top 10!!
You have made me laugh the whole time, Katy you are cute
queen of stan twitter omgksksksjx
Stop saving Michelle, she needs to work on her vocals, attitude alone doesn't sell records
Love it!
Hola. Alguien por allá???

Best idol ever
I was enjoying American Idol, until last night. You tried to get political, which was a major fail,  and 3 out of the 4 contestants that the judges picked, were questionable. Plus, the judges insulted millions of Americans, twice!! Well, go on your merry way. I won't be watching
No not watching
#tomanyfavstovote
...a...aaaaa will catch up..
You will win in God's name
I have been watching idol since Kelly’s win! 2 of the top 10 took places of much more talented singers! When you sing and you start off with being off key you should not be rewarded with being in the top 10! And yes i can sing  so i can hear when you are off key

no
All r good but not enough good  than you
My voice is horrible lol
You guys screwed up!! You let Michelle stay when she should never even have made it to Hollywood and let Marcio go. What the heck were you thinking? Michelle is just annoying and I always fast forward her singing because she sucks!!
Katy, please  use this platform to condemn the brutal dog-meat trade within #Asia. U can help #StopYulin #StopBoknal #Vietnam #Indonesia
I saw The Thrill Kill Kult tonight In Raleigh NC s, and yes it was Awesome.
Hkfksnddjsk
You really need to practice using stan twitter language
Hope not my Poppe.
Your choices were all about being PC, not about finding an American Idol!
i dont believe Ada should of been saved . he needs to be himself not play make up to win so people will feel sorry for him. just wrong .
Love TKO, Teddy!! Let one of sing that!!!!
Make roulette next single
Thank you for saving @AdaVox and @Jurnee. Are we going to have another @adamlambert situation with the American public this year?
Querida y bonita Katy mi amiga y yo juntamos para ir a verte y ya no alcanzamos boletos :( ayuda !
Katy thanks for putting Ada through. Made me cry. Great choice. Love her.
yeah, watching social injustice #whymichelle
Katy Perry I love you on this show!!!!  Keep up the good work.  You got an eye to talent.
The reason my some of the best don’t go though is because there are people out there that vote for the worst instead of the best. It’s messed up
We need one more single though 
I'm just waiting the day that You Will present your show in Guadalajara México on may 11. We love You.
I have an emotional break down every. single. episode. This is the most amazing season and you are the best judge EVER!
No. Soz
Yes I am and Dennis shouldn’t be in the hot seat. Vote him through! The other three need to go so far!
Yes!
You are a worse judge than Mariah Carey could ever be!!  Thankfully this is a 1 and finally done season on ABC.
Ada is not an American Idol.  So sad u 3 judges put him/ her through.  Shame on u all.   Not watching show anymore.
So disappointed in the save choices. Jonny, and Mara should have both been saved.
Usurped the last for into power by dictatorship banana republic , this is a Republic that dictates its elections through a democracy , time to band together #America and boycott @AmericanIdol and show #HollyWeird they don’t speak for us as a United Nation !
Yes watching and America didn’t fail anyone and you need to keep your politics to yourself! Do you think we are stupid? We caught the Hillary Jab
Michelle over Marcio? What the hell are you judges smoking?
Wish I could be on there
I stopped watching because there is zero talent on this show. Worst season of Idol ever.
WHY DID YOU TAKE YOUNG ELVIS OFF? :( IM DEVASTATED. AIDA AND KATIE SHOULD WIN!!


Simon Cowell called it perfectly about you being a judge....and I might add you're barely a blip on the screen(Google Powell's remarks)
okay but where’s jonny?????
I’m a little sad but not devastated. Yet. #AmericanIdol #SOmuchtalent
Thanks for sending Journey through! She should be the next American Idol!! Love her!
I’m like waaaaay SAD you didn’t take Mara... l pray you have a wild card this year and take her.  Eight of them l voted for made it... and so did America.  I’m disgusted  you judges saved to of them.
Dennis, Pops, and Mr Woodard are my favorites
I see the top 10! The first six in are by far the best overall package only if you swap Cade for Dennis.
Yep. But not sure if I will watch or vote anymore. I thought this was a talent competition?!
I want @MarcioDonaldson back 
M always...how it can b possible for someone to missed d show...
Not putting @MaraJustine1  in the top ten, was a BIG MISTAKE!! PLEASE ADD HER BACK TO THE SHOW!!

Judges picks are wrong again!
that’s not how you do the JSSJSJSJWKKSDNE
No, you horrible, horrible person
What a great season. Love it.
Ava is not American Idol! Maybe Broadway... Hello Get real
My apologies, Ada.
You guys can’t rely on the biased American vote!!!
Up with #AmericanIdol!Good luck,#RoaringKat!Goodnight too!
Listen to good singing instead of us watch this bull shit
Hello 
Not Michelle
Judges aren’t in line with America. Can’t wait until their votes don’t matter.
 what you did for @AdaVox
You have to be gay or a minority to get past SJW racist Katy.
YES! Totally agree!
Mara is way beyond her age. Beautiful voice. Another Janice Joplin. I wish her the very best.
Jurnee needs to be there... yaaaaaaay!
Mara should be in over ada
Thank God you'all kept Dennis.
So happy MJ voted in! After all the off votes, American miraculously got his right! Whew!
Yesssss @MichelleSussett made it!  
Intense
Ada was the worst..I don't get it
she has a voice but she overdoes everything
One of my favorite seasons
IM CRYING  RIGHT NOW!!!! That was the perfect decision with you,Luke, and Lionel 
I really like your song although your voice is not the best
Who did i have to choice??
I Love On AMERICA 
IDOL U MAKE Good ADIce but I love all the judges but i miss Simon I voting for the guitar player he’s aswome
I watch all time
It's a damn good show pick Dennis http://lorenzo.love  the hair.
Im beyond disappointed! My favs, ada, journee, marcio..... uugghhh!!!
I am very upset! Ada,Mara,and Jurnee!!!!! Really!!!! What the hell is wrong with America!!!!!
Songs choice matter! If Dennis sang tonight song last night, then he would of been safe!!!! 
Yes Katy, wouldn’t miss it.
This show hurts my soul.. love you @katyperry

Morta linda assiste a Gretchen q vc ganha mais
like al vídeo del siguiente enlace por favor. 
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=702392416818339&id=122167421507511 …
I'm surprised with some of the kids in the danger zone
Jurnee should so be in the top ten just saying
I Love YouCome to Curitiba 
save jurnee
Im deffinatly watching! :D
Yes Katy.......... hard to let such talent go! I wouldn't want your job.
All white through. Racist show
I can't because I can't watch it on hulu till Tomorrow:( and I couldn't vote because it wasn't available:(
One Artist dedicates 5 years of his life to painting 5,500 shelter dogs (The number destroyed every day in U.S. Shelters). His work inspires students and they inspire him! 30 MIN. PBS DOCUMENTARY: http://video.ket.org/video/3007480437/?_ga=2.108226818.1429386259.1513347109-618014216.1398864680 … Web:
Oooomg
Yes,  America is F---ed up.  Katy what is going on with the votes
Well, we see how this is going... Disappointed in the lack of balance & find it very interesting that although I tried to give @MarcioDonaldson my 10 votes, there were "technical issues." Never got my votes in. Are we surprised, Jurnee didn't make the top 10? Incredible voice!
I shouldn’t be this is nonsense. America doesn’t know talent clearly. Stop this madness now
Your not making in heaven you love money not god and Jesus your in the money for love that's why got won't take you to heaven sorry I will still pray for you babe ok
Keep mara!!! Love het!
#savegarrett
How on earth do you do your eyes. They are beautiful. Yep watching and I'm wondering too on what's going on.


The talent in this version is not as good, at least these finalist.
I wish, @katyperry! Unfortunately I don't get to watch for another hour.
Yes Am watching #thevoice amazing vocalists
Yupp I'm watching i want to see if my vote made a difference.
Your hair is on point tonight
Sorry Katy but the singers this year are awful I am pretty sure that American Idol should have stayed gone and now that’s it’s back people aren’t tuning in.
Watching!!!
There is a lot of talent, unfortunately a single winner, in my opinion they are already stars
Gabby Barrett is our next idol and Caleb will be in 2nd place.
Please, ask the audio guys to listen to the broadcast mix going out to TV-land and NOT whatever else they listen to! Last night, .audio of the background music (the band) was hotter than the mics of the artists. The band overpowered and made it impossible to hear the artists.
I am on a roll, all my picks in the top so far 
I am not too pleased this far. I can only chalk it up to the demographic
Check out the people going into the top 10 based on America's vote. Certainly not the most talented singers.
Yes, I'm watching from McAlester Oklahoma! Yeehaw!
Yes I'm watching and voting
Danger Zone
