I need 1000 followers 
belle femme katy tu me manques beaucoup
yes
best song on witness
Tsunami exists
Deja Vu says hi
Roulette be like
Teaa omggg
nice
I would like to but i don’t live in the USA 
Superb grace
So beautiful 
Hay ama
What were you thinking putting Suzette in the top 10?? You know there was much better singers there that were so more deserving. The show was going great until you did that. You lost alot of viewers with that mistake. And stop acting ridiculous over Cade...it's silly
Lol some people can’t fit all the necessary apps on 8 GB. I believe they still make 8’s ? What’s that hold 3 apps lol
I downloaded the app. Ready for voting
I love your songs
<3

TERBONGKAR!!! Ingin kuat, jantan, dan tahan lama tak perlu mahal!! ini dia resep herbal yang ampuh buat mr p 10 kali lipat lebih jantan hanya dalam hitungan hari. yakin nggak penasaran?

Help me rohnda
You are really cute, Katy.
Hey Kati my grand daughter in in golden circle in you tour to jHB Dome. She is short but like me adores you.

Please please make aplenty too see you. 

Her name is Chelsey

Please.....
You're so ugly
"the POWER is in your hands" okay roulette is shaking
LoLz Ur such a Tool! If only I could sell out as well as u! 3:) If ur wundering... It's totally a compliment! :p

#GonnaGetYah1WayOrAnother
I just have to say that my family and I used to be big America Idol fans, but over time it became boring. Katy, now that you are on the show, we are again fans. You are the life of the party!! You are hilarious and we can't wait to see what you are going to do next. Keep it real.
Katy you are huge disappointment!!! Suck!
Why did u cut ur hair? Just wondering

#FollowBack

Great fan of Katy <3 

Follow me and get Followed back
Hohoho



oh simple beautiful http://www.lafonditaokc.com 

Hello.
power is coming
يازينككك بس.
Love you Katy Perry. You're super fun on American Idol. I'm to old to Audition mew.
Hello you very nice
Wow what a legend
if judges promise not to ROB the true winners of their spot...the show is about talent and ENTERTAINMENT and the TRUE top 10 deserved to move forward. It was supposed to be AMERICA's Idol...not KATY's not ABC's ...NOT let's send a political message. ratings will tank now. Watch
Can I vote for you kween ?
Cute
You seem to be judging with your heart. AI is not a platform for social issues. It is supposed to be about talent and the "It" factor. Do you honestly believe that all of those you saved last night have the potential to have a gold record some day?
Katty is not getting old any time soon..
Hi there. My name is Rob and I'm reaching out to all of my daughter's favorite celebrities. Her name is Deztoni, she is 14 and was accepted into Memorial Early College High School. Could you send a video shout out to her in New Braunfels, Texas? Thank you!
Hi Katy, I love you! Please, meet Florianópolis 
Lindíssima falou tudo bonito
I like voice katy

Judges need to stay out of it!! Let America pick. Y’all have too many hidden agendas.
I just love you!
Choosing Michelle over Marcio was a brutal mistake.  She was not anywhere near the top 10 based on performance.
Stunning
Voood
Jéé
Make roulette next single
@katyperry you looked sooooo much better with long black hair, total stunner...
it not gonna happen, we live in china
Dang girl. U r so beautiful 
Learn how to save the ones that can actually sing.
Only it's not in our hands because the judges picked 4 of the 10... SMH!
Okay
Hey the amazing shower place
angel 
I voted on every phone I could app, text and website. @MarcioDonaldson  still didn't make it 
I’m single.. date and then marry me?
I thought u were Miley Cyrus
Adavox Sucks
Will do
Tumbs
Hey KETTY I realy proud of being your follower, Love You Like Crazy cooker

WHAT A QUEEN
Much better thank you.
America let her down. I don’t think so . Grow up
No...dont vote for Michelle, she was weak!

A new respect for you Katy! 
Love Katy
ooooh Love
Tam
The power is with #Bitcoin ! Start mining yourself and faster! http://www.myminerparts.com 
Best deals and best prices!
It's like a Hunger Games pitch.
Support your District!
We are so behind! We should catch up tonight
Katie say hello to ( me ) your 24/7 http://Dr.Love  Machine

Nice



Love you Queen

ILY 
I love you Katy you rock my world you look fantastic and make me smile
Nice Katy
Bonjour
I can't help falling in love with her .
Te amo
ILYYY
Mom

You look amax ing with short hair rock it girl...wouldnt of never city it though if I had it
please let your hair grow again. smh
I GOT IT TADAY!!!!! VOTIN 4 THE DRAG QUEEN!!

Hey beautiful
Katy Perry’s is like the teacher in the school that takes all the young boys virginity’s. She’s the one that you worry about because she makes your 14 year old uncomfortable.
Is “teacher” code name for your sister? #WhiteTrash
Disgusting monster. Easy
@katyperry 
siempre me fijo en lo mismo: el cutis q lucen,y justamente el tuyo parece de porcelana.

Make it available worldwide mom
Make everybody happy and grow your hair back.
Grabe. Ang ganda ganda talaga.

Hmmmmmmmm
Love your “do”
I love that show

If black is beauty:
Then katy is beauty
If black is sexy:
Then katy is sexy…
Very good

So kewt
One Artist dedicates 5 years of his life to painting 5,500 shelter dogs (The number destroyed every day in U.S. Shelters). His work inspires students and they inspire him! 30 MIN. PBS DOCUMENTARY:

Worst rating for American Idol every. Why did they bring this back? It’s a train wreck. Sorry but the show sucks.
Love u 
Te amo bb
LINDAAAAA
Leave a comment on this video please
https://youtu.be/WbqK5RO8yP8 
I aint watchin the show after y'all kicked laine hardy.. huh
Katy you look awesame charm 
Hi Katy, in your live audience today there will be 42 students from Saint Kentigern College, Auckland, New Zealand. They have been travelling the USA  for 12 days on a Performing Arts Tour. It would be incredible if you could say “hi” to them!! Thanks so much 

Love u
У меня встречное предложение, как вы думаете Кэти Перри -  это реклама быстрой еды, волшебной ложки или фонда реновации жилой застройки в Москве?

Katy Perry looks Bat Shit crazy.
https://soundcloud.com/user-860284855/memories-prod-by-rellymade … 
Can’t vote in GUAM why?

ily 
I voted
so beautiful 
silencio
Pick Up The Phone 
BlakJak.Theyshouldknow - Pen Game Challenge Freestyle Music
Katy you too pretty..
I choose you
It is Katy Plus here！Love you so much！
which one is tommy?
Just saw some viddys via YouTube re tonight's American Idol..

Most definately, Katy Perry was channeling  her inner David Bowie.
I voted for @katyperry 
#ivotedcatie
60% of the power, anyway...
Ok Master 

I cant vote from my country 
I wish I could download it but its not avaiable in my country :/
getting the app voting
katy se você quer que a gente baixe isso da um iPhone pra cada um sua doceira do caralho
This is funny. I have this guy following me, and is pretending to be you.
I love you @katyperry
biggest smile back
i really want to see your mom react to cade’s new perfo LOL!! Make a live with her !!
KATY EU NÃO TENHO MEMÓRIA NO CELULAR ME DA UM NOVO PRA MIM BAIXAR ISTO
But is math related to science?
Someone needs to help these singers with song choice. After 4 performances Not One has been good!

Love you
Damn it Katy... the name is Neo-Wanderer.

I went to L.A to find Katy and suck all the marrow of her cave.
Love you Queen
Sweet

淘气淘气，你好淘气
Voted #teamGabby
You're so beautiful!!
You are our American Idol

:')
I Voted 
