CAN YOU NOTICE ME????? PLEASE
Inal album that had exactly had having with no subliminal. So i can erase that hardly writing in mind with the kind of natural substance that called thc was kind of key to me exactly what my memories were being co ordinated with the perfect nature.


Are you coming to the World Concert or Earth Gala?
Official Government Disclosure of the ET Reality Is Here---Finally!
Join us and be a part of the Biggest Show On Planet Earth!
http://cosmiclife.world/ 

I Love You
Love u mom
I am incensed over your behavior on the show. Stopped watching because of it and I'm no longer fan because of it. Kissing that guy was sexual harassment, bankrupting the nuns .. Is that who you've been this whole time? #disillusioned
Love the new format.  Keeps everyone involved and interested
Kiss 



yea ok

Good morning Katy thanks for sharing.
Good
Do u know what i am had having with tender. Must be supposed to have a thing happend with an indvidual
 But as a person that who am having had with the power of grasp the dealt with s
Ome subliminal messages that hiding with the album '.prism
 Can u change that and give me orig.
Watch dog, (across from 711?)
Oh, I thought you were gonna show your hair. DUH!
Hi Katy, I love you! Please, meet Florianópolis 
Bom dia
I love u mom

Moo
Want an album from u
What do you mean you caught up, girl? You were literally there?????
Whatcha doing in Bangkok ？ U !
Love u love u till my death
HighLights
Is it just me or did you guys find some old souls this season? They're all so amazing! So unique and genuine, their personalities all shine through. So authentic and talented beyond their years! How exciting for them to live their dreams #AmericanIdol
No spoiler alerts haven’t watched yet 
#mondaymotivation 
Your work your style
Katy, eu te amo,
TE AMO MUCHO
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
Take care  see you bangkok tonight.
GOODNIGHT
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
Love Katyperry
ULTIMO INTENTO
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
I love u mom
OE CTM
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
AMOR MIRA
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
Não começa essas horas pelo amor de deus
TE AMO
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
PERRY
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
HUDSON
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
KATY PERRY LIKE THIS TWEET CHALLENGE
ELIZABETH
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
KATHERYN
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
#whynotlayla
KATY
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
PLEASE MOM
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …

@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
Hi baby
U r the main attraction let's keep it real though u guys have picked some amazing talent I tune in every week to see u 
https://youtu.be/f3Kr-jdcSIU  
I will provide email and social media marketing . See https://twitter.com/Mgfaruk2/status/983391823312781312?s=19 …
do share, it was a v intense night
El mejor...
Sólo un Puma pudo hacer esto...
#PorNuestraHistoria #SoyDePumas 
AND I'M TRUCK DRIVING DELIVERING IN THE L.A. AREA
Love that show so much one of my favorites
My highlights include watching Catie stay on!! I stan her!
Love you 
Interact w us skinny
Plz let #KatyXGaga happen in my lifetime that’s all I ask 
timezones are crazy im-
Katy snobber perry 
Collab With ICarly
just catching up now 
MOMMM 
here we go again
You don't know what happens already?
Ok but post this pic of us puta
happy journey kitty, give heat to Thailand
CAN YOU SEE IT PLEASE THANK YOU
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
Swisha swish 
I love you immensely Katy you are everything to me
Katy can you tweet "Mainit at Malamig"
Cute higher stylish I noted my self once you were World Women Beauty super Katy.
Love yaaaa from soain!!! Cant wait 2 see u
hi kp's team
You will never see this. I know.
SILENCIO
*turns off your tweet notifications*
collab with gaga mom
Hey sis
https://twitter.com/emibonafede20/status/983589089852252160?s=19 … lol
A thing in common..messy hair  good morning 

@katyperry 
You must be so so bored ! Is the inflight entertainment broken ?

Shoot it!
WHEN WILL YOU SHOW UP ON MY NOTIFS? I GUESS NEVER..
you havent interacted with me in like a solid 6 months and that needs to change asap

Oh snap I’m awake for this!
collab w gaga asap
Do you know where is truly peace??
Yes, I know a place that name Satlok there is real peace. 
Because..
Hmmmmm 
Good 
Very well
Looking forward to reading your commentary.
Vai dormir amiga
yay
Here’s my highlights for you... COLLAB WITH GAGA
OMG @katyperry SAYS SHE WANTS TO COLLAB WITH GAGA!!!! OMG PLEASE @ladygaga COLLAB WITH HER!!!! #KatyXGaga 
Give the Stan world what we have always wanted mom! We love you both! SNATCH OUR WIGS ALREADY
sit, here we go

see my makeup on my fixed tweet good night
ok
Hi i love you
Spill the tea sis
HELL YES
OK MOM

fala anjo
collab with gaga on #KP5
Collab with Gaga omg
Omgg
I LOVE YOUUU
CUTIE
Hii
hi i miss u
NOTICE ME MAMA
Hmm
Hi
I’m ready
