@katyperry is freakin sexy it's unreal!!
Katy, my hair is similar to yours.
Sorry my english is BAD
You are absolutely beautiful!!!   How many hours does it take to put makeup on?  You could have any man you want what do you look for in a man?  I don't hate men I just prefure to make my rounds. And then I go home to my own place. I think, this is the only way I can get happy!!!
Only on the outside. There is NOTHING beautiful about trying to throw elderly NUNS out of their home and one dying from the stress of it!
Hey Swty Hrt
Not a fan of this outfit ! 
West coast my dear
Ok good luck
See u in bankok
I can't watch #americanidol with you as a host knowing that one elderly nun died and enough is very sick and broke because of you stupidly trying to throw her out of her home and putting her through court case! Just awful Katy. How do you sleep at night?
When I can tell you that I’d kick your ass for eating “human flesh” sick b*tch.
,,,
@katyperry i love watching you in american idol because you loved snack me too i love snack
Good
Okok
See u in Bangkok
Beautiful
I love you 
OMG TALENTED
Oh thank you 
Ummm just look at that teeth, lips and hands what a turn on! Yummy
Have a safe flight praying for you  and your
 return .
Katy your so pretty.
Waouuuh quelle beauté!!
(๑•̀ㅂ•́)و✧
I love you Katy Perry
Good for u


aren’t you banned from China???
Omg the talent this year is over the top amazing! It’s crazy!
I think your designer was inspired by Ferrero Rocher 
You have RUINED AMERICAN IDOL 
Katy you're the best 
Kkkk
Sweet's....
Come back to brazil
Ilysm
I love u
HI
MOOM
Fine
Good for u
I think you are doing an awesome job!!
Layla deserved to stay!!!! SMH
Very entertaining show
SE I FNTSTICA
safe travels.
Love the judges this season . Katy u r gorgeous love ur personality
You’re so beautiful! 
welcome to #Bangkok #บุพเพสันนิวาส
I like that
You're so pretty as always katy Perry


Sad that that girl Michelle passed but really good talent was sent home. Great fan of the goat farmer and ‘wig’ man so sad. @katyperry
Love that copper jumpsuit, I want one!!!
Please help me I’m asking around.  https://paypal.me/pools/c/83rHE9IDlT …
"I’m traveling to Bangkok" 

#Confucius say; 'Man who walk through airport turnstile sideways going to #Bangkok '
I would like to be on amercan idol next year jacqueline hunter
So sad to let some of the talent go.....katy.......
That's the same emotions a person would display upon feeling the impeding cramps of  explosive diarrhea and finding out there is no toilet within a 100 yard radius
And good luck to your tour in the Philippines, if you are lucky enough to visit Manila and perform for the fans.
Bring back Layla, She is more talented than half of the 24 that went through. Does American idol have a wild card? @laylaspring
Every smile will make you small by day. take care of you 
Sweetheart
Awwww! you poor sweet THING!!!
I LOVE YOU, KATY PERRY ever since you KISSED that dude on America's Got Talent.  If I could, and my throat wasn't misbehaving taht I can'r even do my impressions. I'd be ON that show to show you my TALENT! I MEAN it.  

Is American doing well?
I will not watch anymore American idol I’m not sure why you judges put through some of them contestants and the good ones go home I had said that if Katie was still on the show I won’t watch well I’m done I think you all need hearing aids
Luv u @katyperry
Safe travels!
Where? Oh...that’s what I thought you said!
Dominic is great he should not have been sent away
Why DO I LOVE YOU MOST
BECAUSE I DO 
DAVID HAS EYES FOR
KATY PERRY
You are the best, Adam is great too.  You all make a great 3 musketeer team. 
Katy Perry i really love tou on the show. You have a fantastic energy and sence of humour that i love. Your Awesome.  Linda M. Canada

Layla and Dominique should have made it before Michelle and Catie.
Bonjour Katy Perry Belle femme ça va ?
I feel you
Hermosa
OMG you’re coming to Thailand???? When????
Money lah(Manila)
Bang cock
Beautiful
It is also going to be hard for America. So much talent.
Collab with miley 
I am listening to your song~
Nice
Nice pic babe
Не боись...
Я помогу

Thanks for this new meme
The struggle is real...
COLLAB WITH DUA IN KP5

잘자요 
j'qu'elle talent 
you're so hot
Don’t bite your nails gal 
i love you
You're amazing mom
Holy Shite but you're beautiful. 

So pretty
@katyperry  I wanna give you a present,can you choose a present from my store https://www.97store.com   ?thank you.
COLLAB WITH @ladygaga !!!
You're doing a great job Katy! Really impressed!
She is just beautiful as her
.
Brilliant beauty is your charm. 
You are my yearning
COLLAB WITH GAGA
I WISH THEY FINALLY COLLABORATE THIS TIME FOR ONE OF THEIR ALBUMS 
ME TOO OMG 
It would be iconic 
Once they collab, it's over for other girls
sawadee Katy! I’m totally obsessed with idol and I love the energy between you all!!



is maths related to science
Have fun touring in Bangkok, Katy
hi catey perry you are the devil.
Kat Kat!!!!
Make sure you visit Pat Pong Katy and check out the action! Always love travelling there, people are interesting and your dollar goes a long way!
Hello 
OK. Cool
Gotta love Catie Turner reppin’ us heavy folks!
Eres la mejor!! Te amo

Dominique has the best voice & much more talent than at least 3 of the ones you kept makes it look like a formula is in play So disappointing Also noticed he wasnt featured in tv spots & lead ups to top 24 so harder to cultivate a following Seems like an unfair playing field
luv luv luv YOU MAH DARLIN .....SMACK!!
Katy, I'm able to overlook political differences & still enjoy entertainers for their craft, but please tell me that what I just saw on twitter about you professing to be a cannibal on some French radio show, is fake news, because that is not something I can stomach! #punintended
#All #Star #Duets
Love u babes
What are you wearing you lk so GOOOD

Love u Katy Perry
Thinking in feat with @ladygaga
yo watching...
Rikaaaa

You will pick from your heart your seeing their souls and passion for the craft. I am thinking it’s a mans year but could be surprised.
No! not the girl from Venezuela! She hit lots of bad notes!
Not Johnny! He is horrible!
No! Not Johnny! He is awful!
Kayla was GREAT! WTF??
That’s a hell of an outfit! Woof!
The two singing right now..the hottie wearing the black Alternative Future cap and the other hottie wearing the black beanie cap are real contenders 
And results are out 
Kayle Spring was robbed of a spot in top 14.
Katy you were so spot on with the young guy , the ballet will loosen him up to have better camera presents. I think it’s one of the best advice I have heard from a judge. I think your in tune to all of them
Wow Katie is beautiful but I didn’t realize that her hips were so big.
Are you trying to be Emperor Snoke.
You look stunning @katyperry
Waa
Yeah but you kissed a 15 year old boy but didn't get a sexual assault case put against you. Shame. Damn shame.
Michelle and jonny? Really? What about Trevor and layla?
مصالح الدول الإوروبية نحن نضمنها كما نضمن مصالح العالم فقط على إوروبا الوثوق بنا
I didnt watch American Idol as much as i do now. #watchingnow
Okay muñeca.  Sounds good.  Enjoy.
American Idol is the best season yet because your on it!

BOA NOITE

I’m watching right now #americanidol
You like to Open tat for me Pleas Love meni Kiss kiss
Love you so kepp me you cool you like to stay i m big Fan Love Love  like to No you ,
We love your voice and songs 
What a hard decision that had to be made tonight, but wow not sure we got it right. There is 2 that made it and shouldn't have and 2 that didnot make it and should have..
My thoughts exactly! I was so disappointed.
I just love your reactions you always make me laugh!!
Plz let layla springs go lol
It was OUT OF CONTROL!!!
You are just amazingly gorgeous 
Welcome to Bangkok, My Queen  See U tonight Q29 
 Hi
✿ if you need Professional Logo animation Intro Video  For Your  : 
✪ YouTube Channel ✪ Game Intros  ✪ Short Films ✪ Promos ✪ Marketing  ✪ Event Promotion ✪ Presentation ✪ Website ✪ Branding ✪ Special Events 
Hey i am loking online sex partner  
if you interest ?
free join no need money.
>>> http://newadultsclub.com/livechat/N3Zws 
Hi! :)
Yes
Every moment is life changing when you're living life
Huh?
Te amo.
