Big mistake!  Trevor is so talented!   Bring him back!  Not interested in watching show now. 
The one that got away no. 2. @joshgroban is the first. iloveyou @katyperry 
You are so beautiful and I love you music. Love you on American Idol 2
Katy #camatepofavo  
I love you both 
Katy is cute :)
Miga eu acho que você errou muito em tirar ele real, tô bem chateada.
Why do I miss the Katy/Trevor (5-minute) tandem so much?! I think Trevor should drop everything (yes, including his GF), go out in the world and out of his comfort zone. Then come back to AI. His GF held him back. Just saying.
True 
Watching OnDemand. I hate the way she delivered his decision. I'm sure she meant it lighthearted but it seemed a little....heartless. This was serious to him; not a joke.
@juliamelca_2009
Hahaha Katy u are the best ever lysm morta linda
I wish i could have been like you http://guys.You  are great people in the modern world. Give me the formula to be as great as you, kindly...
okatch.teddycars@gmail.com
tel: 0790844850
...

IN ANOTHER LIFE, YOU CAN BE HIS GIRL..

I'll kidnap his girl and bring her far. Then you can both live happy
... how did he not make top 24?!?
Crime against humanity! 
you still love John
Lol I am single 
Aawwww
LOL!
You are the reason Idol flopped. Adam Lambert would have made it a great success.
haushasjashsjss totga now has changed the name
KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
tía me has asustado he pensado que se había muerto
These dreams come alive when I close my eyes!
Thought he was dead
That makes me laugh so much 
Such an amazing original!! I would definitely buy her album
HAHAHAHAHA STOP WITH THAT ORLANDO BLOOM IS WATCHING
WTAF
Omg 
Literally the best freakin thing to happen to AI. #heartthingy
love you both Katy and Trevor
Bring him back.  So disappointed in this show.
Trevor should have Won 
Xo u have drms toooooooooo??????
Ashuashuashuash como eu amo essa mulher kkkk
Dreams
You still have @Ackersboy  he’s tall and plays the guitar 
It would have been nice to see you sing together in the same stage. Happiness for a fan like me. Good luck @tholmesmusic on your journey to stardom! Love you @katyperry 
this stupid girlfriend of trevor makes me devil i want @katyperry happy 
@katyperry Why? Can't wait to watch it later on @etc_channel. 
@katyperry  whats wrong with you? 
Without seeing, I mean hearing, Trevor every week, #AmericanIdol is dead to me. 

luv yah katy!
NOOOOOO He was the best singer & your CRUSH MOM MOM YOU LOVE HIM So much

WTF...I thought he was dead ... 
Same 
He should have gone through.  He had a great voice and over a million watched his American Idol video.  I know it is a singing competition which is why he should have stayed.
LWNFKENFMWKDWL TE AMI

wAIT what happened?? I-
Go hang out 
Omg,  i love katy and trevor loveteam... 
Bullshit.
U can always go on @TheVoice
Bring him back!!
On sale now: “Goodbye Trevor” Crying Face Fan  #imoverit
What?
THE ONE THAT GOT AWAY..........

Broken heart 
I'm a phone call away Katy purrrrty

 Katy Katy Katy my girl
You made me think he had died 
Mistake
Literally have that song on replay listening right this moment 

choro junto com você!!
This was honestly one of the biggest shocks ever! I know @tholmesmusic has even more talent to give and I know he has the star quality to make it BIG in the business.
Trevor is good but he ain't this hottie
jwbwjsnskskskskk pelo amor de deus parece brasileira não desiste nunca

where is #KP5
Love you @katyperry 
aaaaaaaaaa
we all sad that he have someone else
Awwwhat! U don't want no mangoes?  
lol
top3 still on top. 
so what did I miss? Sorry I'm late.
Katy just wanted to tell you that I think You’re doing a heck of a job on the voice
She’s on @AmericanIdol ....
aren’t you over him 
Lost but not forgotten
nah you can do it ma
I love u katy notice me
Bicths I tought he was dead 4 real
KKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
the other side, and nooooow you're just a ghost #BuyRiseOniTunes #BuyUnconditionallyOniTunes
eita
LIFE GOES ON. PLENTY OF FISH IN THE SEA.KATY KATS WITH STYLE BABY
He is cumming guys
I ship you guys 
Oh sis your dreams 
I have a single brother :-)


Forgeeet
lol rest in peace ur dreams bring @HarperGraceXO back
Katyyyy i love so much! !!!!!!!!!!!  miga sua loka back from Brazil We love you

Lol. You can still have him if you want  #Kavor 
I was shocked.
Dream about it mom I realized your dream tonight (today for ya)

We all know that what she want lmao

I honestly did not see it coming. I’m really happy with the way this episode is going so far now crossing fingers for some good news to Amelia Harris & Maddie Poppe 
danada
Noooooo not Trevor 
what’s happening?
are you still here in manilaaa? can’t seem to focus in class lol
When U say your over him but U know U really aren't 
Hi queen! When Madonna and you will sing together?
Is next week live
Lol
@katyperry bring lover boy back!!! 


Your gifs feel like punches and I like it

No, your mean ones. Bully me. it’s my kink

No Regina George isn’t doing it for me
Get his number Katy! You can do this 
He left?!

You’ve got Orlando so you can’t complain
Jjjkhojkkjjkjohjpkkklkk nos nossos bb
#BuyRiseOniTunes and #BuyUnconditionallyOniTunes

You really should not be hitting on any contestant and especially when they have a g/f .  Makes you look cheap and I adore you as a judge.  You could ruin his relationship with his g/f IF he even thinks he has a chance. Shameful & tacky Katy! C'mon girl, I'm sure many ask u out
You spamming my notifications is making me do this.
hahahahahahaaa.... go, girl!!
Baliw ka talaga
It’s ok Tamra
Extra
Sure he will appear in your dreams
REST IN PEACE? WHAT HAPPENED
Nothing. He didn’t make it through
I know, but she is making it seem like something happened to him.
otáriaaaaa
A NÃO Q ELE SAIU
katy 
Ok.
I can believe it! 

Hunny he ain’t dead
But her feelings are...

Linda do meu coração 
Get his number
DO BETTER
Interact with us mom
Te amooo
tu mamaria ele amiga?
vení te consuelo bebé 
Oi
JAJAJAJA la amo @AlbertoV_1
“im over it”-katy also katy i’ll see u in my dreams
I fell soo sad
Girl..

BAHAHA OMG
He didn't die
Awwww.
Hahahhaahha. Sign him up!
eu te amo
i LOVE that they played the one that got away
Is he going to be on your Instagram story one day
You’re a hot mess but I’m here for it. 
Aww I can’t believe he didn’t make it
BRING DREAMBOAT BACK
Hahahhahaha
KAKSKDJDKDJDHDJD THE ONE THAT GOT AWAY PLAYED WHEN HE LEFT 
No
You are my dream 
So rest in peace
Ghost by Prism plays
It sounds like Ghost lyrics 
“i’m over him” mhm sweetie
LMAO
Hi Katy
The One That got Away American idol edition
Wet dreams you mean
That was so sad
AHAHAH
BERRO
Wait what
Is he gone? Sis, you're spoiling idol for me 
the one that got away
You’re crazy 
WHAT
Lmao
How can you tweet so fast uhm lamdjwnsbai
