No one  likes you
I'm sure your delicious,not sceptical about about you .Katy. .From Jack Wadel . I'm a real jerk sometimes.Never married . hot,and cold,up,and down,in and out.Mostly out these days .Me Very sober ,and clean in dire need of some good hugs.Being American Idol nice,"nice".
You brought your Political views to the Idol and it's not good...you are bring a Idol down...not fair.
#americanidol Katy you shouldn’t let her political views effect your voting like u did w Michelle and Ada. It’s a singing competition!
And he did just that!

He did so good tonight. Glad Catie, Gabby, Michael, and Cade made top 10 .
force of HARMONY WILL GET THEM EVERYTIME....what a steal

Trust me Spicy Hot Sauce! America is watching!
Not anywhere close to the late, great Chris Cornell! Don’t you dare debase his name like that! Shame on you!
You brought your Political views to the Idol and it's not good...you are bring a Idol down...not fair.
Way to push your liberal gay SJW agenda Katty.  I cant wait till next week when there is nothing you can do to push Ada through after America doesn't vote for HIM, especially after how upset they are about this week.
SOS CHARITY: like every fan is involved in "people" life adoration, my proposal is 3 years of gift of blood (help cancers, surgery in wars) to REALY meet a people during entire week ends. Billions for Charity.

Para huzur var katy beni neden aramiyorsun parayı buldun unuttun bizi :)


My loveeeeeee charm!!!
Miss you Mom
Il était une fois une "Histoire d'O" pour le corps et rien d'autre...
You hypocritical B !!
Katy Perry just got her stalker deported https://buff.ly/2FblqCX 
“The disconnect” is that HRC is an evil criminal. She’s a mean, corrupt liar. We deserve a truly great first woman president.
Attitude over all
I made this tattoo to mark the best day of my life. Witness the tour São Paulo will be forever with me now  PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!
Just caught up on Idol. Love Jurnee's & Ada, but I didn't think Jurnee's performance translated through the tv & she was pitchy. Ada has the most amazing voice on the show, but I literally cannot understand a word she's singing. Please tell her to slow down & enunciate!
Make roulette single
Queen of pop
Hi Katy, I love you! Please, meet Florianópolis 
HE  DAIT .............
Hello dear

You sounded soooo amazing tonight!! WOW!!!!  Congratulations! You certainly deserved that spot!
I have my ticket for your show in Belgium so happy. See you soon the 24th of May I will be very well situated not so far from the scene. Best Regards to you Miss Perry.
I like ur song Katy i ma wider awake
Katy there was people with better voices then  Michelle you shouldn't have saved her. The other deserved to be there she doesn't
On American Idol, enough call-in votes did not go to the transvestite,  lesbian or Venezuelan dreamer...so the judges saved them. (Katie Perry,  Lionel Ritchie, & Luke Bryan). Hollywood is so left leaning they cannot be fair about anything.
The show is American Idol, not American Singer. Ada would maybe be a great Broadway Singer, however, not an American Idol! None of this will matter, Michael has this contest won!
So glad he went through the to the top 10. Something special about him!
great show tonight wow!
Dennis was a great choice I say bravo!
Judges picks will be out next week
Not American attitude.
What happened to Mara :( I wish we could have watched her grow some more. I bet she was in the top 10 on Americas votes!
Katy you have lost your damn mind making that "executive decision" total bullshit. What's the point of voting. That freak doesn't belong in the top ten much less on stage. Very surprised that Lionel let you influence him. Luke ain't even real country. Who cares about him.

잘자요 
Hii boo follow me back
Hey the only thing i want to know if you talent don't count on you skin color, ethnicity or your sexuality pls America pls let me know first 4 Realy????????????
Horrible picks Just because Ada sings loud doesn’t mean it’s good! Suzette really !!!!!??? The only pick that was a favorite was Dennis Lorenzo! Mara and Johnny should have made it!!

You really only get one shot, 3 if your lucky you know..
Good morning
Katy you are an excellent judge...Love your voice. Just do not understand how you could take Laine off. I just dont get it. He could have won.
RT @katyperry @LionelRichie @AmericanIdol  @Touch4Healing WOW THAT JUST HAPPENED @AdaVox #americanidol
So disappointed..terrible decision.
No. America sent home the right ones, and you brought back the worst. Done with the show this year. I think there are favorites. This used to be my fav show, and you used to be my fav idol.
i love u my beAutiful sweetheart
good morning from JAPAN 
She was the wrong pick
Go for it.
Yes he should have made it through!!!  You ask what is the disconnect with Michelle??? Part of being a star is not always something you can put your finger on .... so you decide who America should like?  Why not let America vote all top ten?! Shame on you @americanidol!
Why did @MichelleSussett go through she sucks should’ve picked another guy instead of her!!!!!!
Right katty
Katy, I gave american idol a chance again and once again you ruined it.
Love u
Mom
Lol 100% agree
thank you for your support michelle, I love you you are one of my favorite people in the universe, god bless you always 
I am so happy you guys saved Dennis I voted 10 for him he really good
Then can America change your mind with the unanimous agreement that Michelle sucks? And that we’re all tired of you guys pushing an agenda and actually let SINGERS through? I had high hopes for you guys, but I am so disappointed in the agenda pushing.
Marcus was robbed !!!!
I like you,  ,A whole bunch ..  . wholesome healthy girl . .
You rock with the "executive decision"!
dennis is amazing WIG 
Marcio should have gone through...
Oh Miss rebellious had to push the Trans through.. No way in this world could he/she/it sings as good as that little 16 year old girl Mara... In fact she is also way better than the last pic. You guys are so biased and it so obvious.
Sorry but was ready to stop watching Idol had Dennis Lorenzo not made it through. Would have been a tragedy!
WORST JUDGES EVER!!!!! GO HOME GO KATY!
What happened to America voting for top ten...you guys are the worst for keeping michelle
I'm so done with this b.s. show...really michelle...the worst!!!!!
Serious!! She can't sing Katie really!!
Let's see who gets saved
Thank Goodness you get people @katyperry @AdaVox
Katy..I have so much respect for you through this competition.  You show respect, but shoot straight..great job
He deserves to be american idol!
te amo
We want a New single
Mom
Love you
I love u mom soo much
Come on, KatyP! Pick Jurnee!!
Release a new single mom to save a life
Save Ada, Journey, Dennis, and Marcio

Gabby Maddie and Jurnee final three ,,, bank on it
KATY WTF WHY IS IT BETWEEN CATIE AND ADA TALK TO AMERICA DO SOMETHING I CANT HANDLE THIS
America knows what they like and don't like.... maybe it's the judges who are "disconnected".....
I Love YouCome to Curitiba 
Save @jonnybrenns and @MarcioDonaldson !!!!
Katy I agree America is only voting for appearance not who can sing please pick Dennis.
Need the 1-800 #.
frase para o Brasil
The disconnect is she sucked yesterday but great today stop acting like it's a social issue. Oh and Mara was better.
The disconnect is that she just isn't that good and if it wasn't for the fact that you guys wanna turn American idol into a gay pride parade and a diversity show case she wouldn't be here....
Are you tone deaf?
No I've just been watching the whole time she is good sometimes this show is called American Idol you have to be the best all the time. No participation trophies for coming on the show.
Please save Jurneeeeeee!!!!
https://twitter.com/annarexic/status/988258725340295168?s=21 … rt
I hate small talk, I wanna talk about miss Keisha, my croissant, y’all juice, two shots of vodka, oovoo javer, if you fuckin put a hand on me ima fucking rip your face off bitch, chocolate vanilla swirl, khloe we’re sliding, adrian Michael ima beat ur ass

I hate small talk, I wanna talk about miss Keisha, my croissant, y’all juice, two shots of vodka, oovoo javer, if you fuckin put a hand on me ima fucking rip your face off bitch, chocolate vanilla swirl, khloe we’re sliding, adrian Michael ima beat ur ass
release a new single please
Mara. Mara!! Keep her!!! She's is amazing....the when thing!!
Love you
He is amazing!!!

Hey Katy, my dear! Do you believe that I would be The Stacy Keach's Heir in Hollywood?? I'm also an Actor & I've got a Harelip, as well !!  Love from Argentina, darling! 
I AGREE KATY.
يويل حالي
Definitely voting for Dennis to go thru...so far he out performed and fought the hardest to stay.
Chris Cornell??? Really?? Go to bed Katy, YOU’RE drunk!!!
I'm too tired to.
Who was the country singer? Fantastic
Attitude decides everything.

I here
Change
I wish Marcillo good luck music like a road many directions wrong turns are the  right ones gigs man personaly drive i dug ditched n played bass workin bands sweatin in dirt 27vyrs om stage breakin bass strings n blues rockin style so its just playin either 5 people or 10,000 gig
Save Lorenzo! Best performance tonight so far.
I voted for him....Love @DennisLorenzo
Pleaseeeee stayyyy!! 
"ROAR"! :)
Dennis was great
@katyperry please safe @MichelleSussett
MARCIO SANG JEALOUS WAY BETTER THAN NICK JONAS DID..HE'S WAY BETTER THAN DENNIS LORENZO.. PEOPLE ON TWITTER AGREE & ALSO AGREE THAT SONG GABBY DID WAS NOT SO GOOD..SOMETIMES U FOLKS GET IT WRONG..CADE DOES TOO MUCH HARD ROCK..IT GETS STALE,HE NEEDS TO SING SOMETHING SOFT..SMOOTH
Don't let him go.
Omg my exact words. Great minds.
PLEASE save him, Katy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dennis definitely should be  in the top 10
YOU LOOK LINDA DE MORRER TONIGHT NDNDNSNDJD
Agree Katy, 100%
RELEASE A NEW SINGLE

HOW YOU FEELING?
follow me please? Eu te amo
My queen, you can follow me?, please please please te amo
YOU ARE THE BEST JUDGE
Katy linda, tem como me seguir e seguir todos que dee curtir aqui pls 
LINDAAAAAAA
Amen! America must has lost their minds! Dennis is Top 10 material!!
MOM PLEASE NOTICE MEEEEE
Yass
تابعيني الهي ياخدك يشيخه
I love you so much katy perry
Yeah, Your Majesty 

STOP TALKING ABOUT THIS PROGRAM PLEASE AAAAAA

That's the attitude
Save Garrett!

ai quanto amor pra mim, obrigado

YES
I love you mom
Abso.
Sometime u perfectly right others times I kill self make understand
He was way better tonight last night meh.
Love You 
It's time to realease a new music video
É isso aí
So cute 
KATY ILY
I LOVE YOUUU
YOU GOT IT DENNIS
Yassssss
Might as well just move him out of the danger zone right now cuz there’s no way he’s going home
And also @MarcioDonaldson right!?!?
Mind maze plays
I love you so much
you're tweeting while you're judging? you're fired #AmericanIdol

bah-byeee $25 Million
Ok WIG
I LOVE YOU
This is how we do 
