SAYITLOUDER FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK 
Its @SheaCoulee ‘s thing
I mean, it’s not like she said she invented it, you guys are really delicate
Yes we are because drag queen quotes are being aka stolen all the time for example okurrr was alaskas (laganjas) thing but now everyone thinks that the kardashians invented it
Yeah plus @katyperry will do whatever to be relevant #byequeen
Well she succeeded since even you guys are talking about her so, keep doing what ya’ll doing
Yes she succeeded no one can doubt that and I never called her unsuccesfull but I do not appriciate her using other peoples jokes or catchphrases without giving credit since she has a huge following. ”Staying cool” with other peoples content doesn’t make you look original!
She used it quoting Shea baby. She didn’t say she invented that catch phrase. I guess everyone should copyright whatever phrase you say nowadays.
And you did not come to judge you came to appropriate a culture without giving it credit or support. Again. Wig.
She literally supports local and ru girls drag queens, but ok
And writes songs called UR so Gay and had consistently appropriated different cultures without giving credit. But ok
And she has apologized several times and everyone has moved on except from you, but ok.
I think her album sales may disagree with you there. But ok. Wig.
Her album sales, her singles streams and her 25 million contract with American Idol are doing fine baby! How is YOUR life going? Pretty bad if you have to shit on other peoples life. But ok, none of my business
http://www.cosmopolitan.com/entertainment/music/amp10011694/katy-perry-witness-reasons-it- … flopped/ My life is fine boo. Wig.
And anyway... In fighting within our own community is what is tearing it apart. That & the straights stealing from it without credit. You Stan whomever you wish, I'll do the same. Enjoy your day and keep up the good fight my friend
Please find yr own words and don’t rip off others 
You all act like you don’t quote celebrity/drag queens all the time. Hypocrites.
When using others work on the job it is customary to give credit to the original author.  It’s really  to just take without giving credit and it just makes her look  like a major poser. Especially when she does it repeatedly.
You fake woke are pain in the *ss I swear.
And this is not a « work », this is just a sentence with no copyrights.
« Author » ...you’re ridiculous.
Making references is common.
You all just want to hate on Katy when you have the opportunities to. Sheeps.
No but I appreciate your passion and attempt to defend the indefensible.
Shea being nice doesn’t make the behavior acceptable
I'm living for @AdaVox!
Ashely Brooksly    
@ashel96

Follow me guys.... I will follow back.

             followback  
  @amie9345 
  @kimaa_123 
  @ashel96
Had chills!!! She is amazing
Well you never slay you fugly thot

when a straight person tries using gay slang... oh honey please stop
@nacholicius mira esta weona no para. WIG
JajJJjJjJjJJjJajajajajajjaajjaajjajabnever a gay icon honey
COMEUPWITHYOUREOWNCATCHPHRASEDON’TSTEAL@SheaCoulee ’S


Pagka nimo dai oy! Kawatan ha! Bsta straights lge! Mangawat dayuns mga gays!
@SheaCoulee
I had always heard about the backlash Katy Perry receives on Twitter for ripping off gay lingo and it’s so fun to actually see it first hand.
First "wig", now this...

This is culture appropriation on many levels.

@SheaCoulee
Shea Coulee is about to sue you

Ugh. You the worst. GO HOME.
@katyperry  I freakin’ love you!   I didn’t know much about you before AI, but I love your energy, the chemistry with the other judges & Idol hopefuls.  Love, Love, Love you!

Lololol everyone here’s Katy ripping off gay culture ONCE AGAIN. #whyamIsurprised 


STOP STEALING SHIT TAYLOR um, I mean KATY! 
Hey gorgeous, I really admire you. Keep up the good work.
Even as a gay man I’ve to admit I wasn’t much a fan of yours, but watching Idol changed my mind. You’ve got to be about the strangest woman I’ve witnessed, and I’m now certain we were separated at birth. And the new hair...two fucking thumbs girl  #kinderedspirit
I came and I slayed ... know one mentioned how good I did .
Yikes
ZIKAAAA 

I'm so fucking bored so if someone likes this comment I'll give them a shout out on twitter, insta, or snap. Just leave your username in the comments. If you want me to text  you leave it in the comments as well.
WHY  YOU  ACTIN  LIKE  YOU  CAME  UP  WITH  THIS  PHRASE

Lmao she really used that skin tone like she’s not pale asf
Ummmmm

UGGHHHHHHHH!


Give @SheaCoulee her coins sis

Someone’s getting their royalties

Hey wait @SheaCoulee
Stop ripping off @SheaCoulee

Me everytime I see you

stop this please is not funny anymore love u
@SheaCoulee
an here to slay !

I can't sleep!! because today is the witness tour in japan!! I love you katy
Omg get out of my station
You thought you were SOOOO clever in posting this pretending it was your own, but us gays caught you in your little game sis.
Shea says hello
Ata
WHEREIS @SheaCoulee  CHECK
 You forgot to @SheaCoulee! #HonestMistakes 
Mama you ask for the coins!! @SheaCoulee @katyperry


@SheaCoulee get your royalties sis



@katyperry I WITNESSED  

@katyperry I WITNESSED  

@katyperry I WITNESSED  

@katyperry I WITNESSED  

@katyperry I WITNESSED  
thank you for coming to japan
wow u so cool
Queen
and kiss kids?
I love your voice so much
Yer man
@jessboris8 

https://twitter.com/janwhiteley1/status/977964128777236480?s=19 …

#RevStrong
 Seriously can't thank you enough xxxxxxxxxxxxx
Do I look upset to you?

So Katy is using those things .....Stan Twitter is shaking

Seee thissss
Swish Swish Bish, another one in the basket  
Pleaseeee
Swish Swish Bish, another one in the basket  
Ms Perry u have everything is going well with you on top so that you can play fringering her vargina yeah sure thiers money when you have received the goods

I LOVE UUUU
MOMMMMM
Só da Tu, Brazil loves you  

@katyperry my little niece is your biggest fan! On Friday she shaved her hair to raise money for cancer, she raised over $1000. We’re going to see you live in Sydney, in August and it would make her life if she got to meet…
MEME  REVIEW

 MEME  REVIEW

MEME REVIEW
Ja dizia nossa mãe, @Beyonce
Momma fucking killed it. 
You are a doll and hilarious.. loving you on idol
Just like #Bonovox
Can anyone Guess who I dreamed about Last night and watch her movie and then watched her on American Idol all in one day... any guesses it is very obvious

Coincidentally found this in search of wink gif
Winkler
GETTHEFUCKOUTTEAMKATY
wowowowowo
I came here to sue you and win
Settle Down, Beavis
I love you. I think you’re beautiful.

@SheaCoulee
The audio Bible I've trusted 4 years http://www.audiotreasure.com/indexKJV.htm 

I listened to Numbers a year and 3 months plus Revelation a year : )
Slay...ve of love!...
dont forget to add the lame ass over used booboo shit hahaha
Yaaaaaaas!
you are pretty 
run shea coulee her cheque
Wait,  I'm confused. Why?
goodbye then katheryn ahah @katyperry
Its refreshing to view the enlightenment
Ata
Jsjsjsjjdkdksk wtf you expect her to join?
thisiswhatisayeverytimeiseeyourfuckingface
Her story is amazing....very touching and sad....but a survivor, totally dedicated and confident hoping this is a part of her life that will continue to make her stronger.....the show is going well....I like the excitement and sincerity....keep watching, 'fans'
Hi Katy Perry
miga sua loca
When Katy tweet and tweet and tweet...forever...and i love her tweets
Huh?
OOF!
You kissed a gay guy
Why should we slay.  If playing (sports)is best and keeps you fit then where from the need of slay arises?
Yeeeeeessssssss!! 
OMG  KATY  IS  FINALLY TWEETING  HERSELF 
Enjoying you on Idol, but the real question: FLOM? or ANOKUTE? ;)
Don't make me get to clapping
Worship! Worship! Worship!
QUE ISSO MULHER? TU TÁ ME DEIXANDO É DOIDA AQUI !
I am loving just everything about @AdaVox  That vocal range is killer!!!
It looks live very demanding work.
Goodnight katy I hope tomorrow u redeem urself by trolling
Katy can i borrow money to buy a laptop 

@RyanSeacrest    and @KellyRipa should be ashamed
CALA A BOCA, VAI DORMIR INFERNO DE MULHER
DESCULPA TE AMO
@EulePerne 
Love me
Yassss
@Jurnee 

KISS
ALL
TASTY
YOUNG

PLAY
EVERY
RYTHM
RAISE
YOU

I support U KATY DEAR
para un poco de twitear y mira el programa
My life motto
YES KWEEN
TROLLUSPLEASE
Yaaas bitch i love you Katy!
did not ( simple past )
This is me when I’m waiting a tweet from Katy about a show in Turkey

@katyperry  are you ready for #AmericanIdol 's live performance?
Love you
te amo desgraçada
 YES  QUEEN 
I did. Put bigger than me on the setlist rat

im here to slay
Send me a selfie to prove that this is actually u tweeting k8
LOVE YOU QUEEN
Yaaasss bitch!!! 
Hi
WOWOWOWOWOWO  
I WAS THE FIRST ONE
YASSS
Lovely to
