God Jeová bless you Katy,Deus Jeová vos abençoe a todos crentes e todas as crentes e todas as crianças do mundo,God Jeová-Jah-... bless you all brothers and sisters true believers and all the children of the world,God Jeová bless you all and Godspeed,God Jeová bless America!
Sorry to break it to you but you have no freakin clue what anxiety feels like. That, and you look ugly af with that haircut.
Same
In DBT this is called mindfulness. Helps some to keep their mind from flying all over the place and focus on the now. If it works for @katyperry, then lay off the ignorance. She’s just sharing tips she learned.
and a person who suffers from anxiety disorder and depression, mindfulness is hard to do. Also, it's the "in" thing now with therapists.  You need to make sure you have dealt with your other demons before tackling this.  #BeenThereDoneThat
Why are people interpreting this wrong. She doesn't have an Anxiety Disorder*** Anxiety is natural, it happens to everyone. And she never said this was a cure, this is just her way of coping with casual anxiety.
Exactly. Literally everyone in the entire world has anxiety. It's an emotion, just like sadness and happiness.
Psychopaths may not have it, though, I'm not sure.
Hopefully you'll never experience real anxiety and understand just how dismissive this tweet is.
The same way you just dismissed her personal struggle and coping. You don't personally know what she 's going through and what she has to do deal with in private life so I suggest you refrain from invalidating ger experience of anxiety just because others have it worst.
Cured. Thanks  Btw anxiety and nerves are not the same.
You clearly hand no idea what you're talking about
No she does lmao
lmao! No. She doesn't.
I don't know why people are stirring up shit around this. This is like the first fucking thing you learn to do when you start getting help for anxiety. It works like a charm for some, not so much for others, and that is okay.
No. You feel nervous. Anxiety is a mental illness which is not cured by breathing through your nose. People need to stop using the word anxiety so casually because it gives the wrong impression. Don’t use your platform like this.
No. Anxiety is a natural feeling that occurs, just like happiness or sadness. Everybody has anxiety. It's why the human race even exists today. It's how we survived our more primal years.
And why do we need to know this?
Saw an article of people saying it’s just “nerves”. Same thing. She never said anything about anxiety disorder. She said whenever she feels an anxiety. Whenever she gets ANXIOUS. Some people are so dense
Inhale and exhale 2 words
Everyone giving @katyperry grief clearly don't know that the definition of 'anxiety' is a lot broader than merely a mental disorder.
woooozaaahhh
I dont know how it is for you but this is what it's like for me.
that doesn't always work baldie

And i am still stress cause i still don't have the ticket for ur show in jakarta!!!!  
JUAL TIKET KATY PERRY Festival A 2 jt (normal 4 jt), FESTIVAL B 1,5 jt(normal 3 jt) , minat PM atau WA : 081310139882/081310139883
Yes we all know this feeling us strugglers and a big deep breath, then a smile and walk on
So nice, if everyone wish to do it when you are in front, situation gets horrible
Whenever someone says something on social media that might not align with my beliefs, I just breath in through my nose and out through my mouth and consider their point of view. #dontGetTriggered
Why are people raging over this? Deep breathing is a technique for dealing with everyday anxiety and intense instances (attacks) to calm oneself down. She didn’t call it a “cure”, so people need to stop acting like she’s downplaying anxiety disorder.
You go girl. Exactly what I do #anxietysucks #goodadvice #lovekaty #ignorehaters
To those having a whinge about Katy's comment, it's a well documented technique particularly to manage panic attacks. And for some of us it does work by preventing hyperventilation. She never said it was a cure, it's a management technique.
And then @CadeFoehner  is about to perform. 
at least she's not promoting xanax.
I searched for this tweet after reading about it on an anxiety forum&not only is she not giving advice but 1st thing covered in stress management courses is deep breathing so she’s actually right lol but I just have a psych degree could be wrong
Same here, I read how people were upset with this tweet but I don’t know why. Controlled breathing isn’t a cure, she never claimed it was, but you’re right, it helps to calm mild anxiety before it gets worse. Been doing it for years. I don’t see what the big deal is. 
Just tried that, it didn't work
you didnt do it right
Please tell me how
pt 1. concentrate, empty your mind. put everything down..if youre easily distracted move to a quiet space and be still close your mouth (and eyes if you wish to) take one deep inhale through your nose and slowly release the air our of your mouth.
pt 2. keep repeating those steps until you feel at ease and in control again. its in an effort to change your state of mind by giving your brain more oxygen.
Definition of anxiety: 
"a feeling of worry, nervousness, or unease, typically about an imminent event or something with an uncertain outcome"

Anyone can feel anxiety. It's NOT the same as anxiety disorder, so calm down a little, instead of grasping at straws. Love you Katy!
#katy 

When I try that anxiety punches me in the face and runs away with any sense of security or rationale that I had before and then I'm just left standing there with not a clue as to how to rationalize why I feel the way I feel feeling like my entire world is crushing in around me.

I mean I feel this is an accurate representation of what anxiety feels like
This is her experience of anxiety. And I mean not all ppl are under a microscope, have their whole year prescheduled for them and literally have thousands of families relying on them for their paychecks so her anxiety and coping will necessarily be different from ours.
wow, how brave and amazing you are for sharing your story. well done, we salute you for your work
@katyperry  I struggle with severe anxiety, panic disorder, PTSD, and bipolar. My anxiety is always high and I wish I could do that  Happy that works for you Anxiety is no fun..
I know the feeling. I’ve almost passed out from anxiety attacks before. Idk how severe katy gets but when you feel it coming on you can start the breathing and it may subside.
I have actually had seizures mine is so bad..but I live with it..hope yours get better..
Katy I love you but what is this nonsense. How does breathing cure anxiety? That sure doesn't help me.
She didn't say it cured anxiety. She said that that's what she does to manage and that it works for HER.
Y’all need to learn about pronouns. Katy was talking about herself. The world doesn’t revolve around y’all and listen to Im still breathing by katy Perry
I would rather shit in my hands and clap than listen to a Katy Perry song

y’all really thought katy had enough time to cure YOUR anxiety lmao get a life she’s saying what works for her if it doesnt work for you then shut the fuck up and get your ass to a real doctor and stop trying to come for a kind person
Wait what side do you think I’m on sksksksks I’m confused. I’m on the side that Katy was only trying to express what works for her.
Me too
Because you work out when you get anxiety, right? Cuz me too 
Is science related to math?
Wow.  Deep.  But did you ever feel like a plastic bag? What do you do about that?
Duh, that's not new
Yeah it's that easy. Thanks. Sincerely, all of us with anxiety.
I simply go for Xanax.
But but Dr Perry said just to breathe! That’ll fix ya— no pills required! 
Well that's how I breathe all the time but I still feel like I'm on my last leg most of the time!
Chile. If that's all it took.
a little yogurt & a
That works, it helps you relax

Super cute
@mariemmaaaa
sorry to break to you sis but that ain't anxiety that's a lack of oxygen
katy perry invented xanax
@_rbvq managers in our work
I mean sometimes I get a bit of anxiety when I need to phone the client :/ xx
nice dear
Good for you

Nice! Everyone has their own way of coping 
yikes


@jeorgegohnston such sage advice
Omg she’s cured me!!!!
Happy Sabbath
@SkyeBloomfiel_d  always my advice to you !
Love this
Works for stitches too
@beeptron have you tried breathing????
have you tried not thinking about it???
...But the blood keeps rushing and breathing does not seem to slow you down when you fight for what you believe in at that moment.
****BREAKING*****Katey Perry has found the cure for anxiety!!!@SkyNewsBreak @TheSun @DailyMailUK 
Find me where in her tweet she said that?
What?? Are u ok???
So it's what she does. She is not instructing any of you self-consummed, disrespectful little shits to go do it. You people have WAY worse problems than anxiety.
How about you all shut the hell up and understand that this is a coping mechanism TAUGHT in therapy for those with anxiety! Ya'll are a bunch of turd buckets. Get off her page and go "cure," your anxiety someplace else. You guys sure have no life. Ignore Katy, ignore.
Without sounding rude Katy but if it was only that easy
Well shite I didn't realise it was this simple lmao
Your answer to dealing with anxiety is no different than telling how you deal with a bad cold.... People need to grow up and learn how to utilize the information or walk away. You never claim to be a doctor!
She was talking about herself not for you, get a life.
Queen of curing
How come the word “I” is now more plural than “We”? .. she said “I” not “We” .. some people 
Me too, while I talk to Jesus, well I do that all through my day, to get through my day...I'm enjoying watching you on "Idol" I've been worried about you for years...praying life is good for you and will continue to get better...you are beautiful and talented... Rely on God <3

Grt
Thanks Captain Obvious!
You a fucking genius. That’s the one of the four available options I hadn’t tried and now I am no longer debt ridden.

God bless you, you are a visionary, a soldier, a poet and a genius.
Omg ur a miracle worker!!!! Thank you so much..
why is everyone so mean to her? she just shared what helps her. she didn’t say that the others should do the same, and that it works with everyone 100% complete.
Yoooou don't know how to breath! Your not a breather! Ive seen people breath before... I can't believe you call that breathing! LoLz I'm just joshing yah..   You know u have the greatest set of lungs known to man! 
And also close the eyes
She's being attacked because she's breathing.
Holy Shit! Your a Genius!
Bitch that ain’t anxiety
Ily hahahah
Really.. 
So deep...
My mother also says that to me
Gee Katy, thanks, maybe I should try that with my grandma's handy "trick" of squeezing my toes. What a life saver. I've been living in the dark my whole life.
You’re actually this dumb wow
It's a joke, Susan.
Not a funny one, Linda.
Thank you @katyperry as someone that lives with PTSD and anxiety breathing is keep to be present! I am sorry people hate on you so much!
i tried that! prozac helped a lot more tho
Everybody needs to calm down.  Shit, she didn’t say she’s doctor god.  If this helps her, fuckin let it help her.  People are mad self centered here.
Gee Katy. Thanks. If only I’d tried that at some point in the past 22 years. Don’t know how that one escaped me. 
This. Isn’t. For. You.
wow i'm cured thanks katy
Well I guess I'm cured. Bernard, cancel my next therapy appointment. I won't need it anymore.
Only deep breathing i do is when my anxiety turns into yet another panic attack an i almost passout lol
U HAVE CURED MEEEEEEEWAAAAA
it's an instinct rule
jesus christ some of the people in this thread
The amount of people showing their lack of knowledge on anxiety in this tweet is not surprising. Pick up a book an know what she is staying is true.
a good advice from mamshie HAHAHA @moniqueeee08
You sexually assault a young boy on national television, now you're a Twitter psychiatrist?
Y’all out here hating on Katy Perry for having a way to deal with her anxiety. Y’all don’t have anxiety y’all just hate yaselves find some self love
Certified genius
Katy is not trying to cure your anxiety or act as your doctor or tell you what works - she is sharing her experience and what helps her, and it MAY be helpful for you as well. Y’all need to stop being ignorant and making rude assumptions about this tweet.
You're quite dim, aren't you? 
that's it
Have the time I have a stuffy nose, I wouldn't get much oxygen in fast enough. When my anxiety is high I drink a lot of water. Helps a lot.
Y’all are reading into this the wrong way... seriously.
Why do people want to start arguments just let it be
Solid advice being a @NRL_Bulldogs fan 
I can’t believe Katherine perry cured eve
Some of y’all are dumb. Anxiety is a normal human emotion. Katy never claimed to have anxiety (the mental disorder).
Enough is enough. She never said it was a cure OR for everyone. It helps HER so she thought maybe it would help someone else. It’s better to try something and not work than to not try at all.
queen thanks for helping 

Look at all cunts popping up to troll.    Katy isn’t telling you how to cure anything. She’s saying something that works for her. You professional victims are what’s wrong with society. Die off and take your cunt-iness with you. Btw i’m not even a fan but I hate you whiners more
IDK, I'd like to think most of us have this whole breathing thing down cold by now...
Not everyone handles life experiences the same way. Thanks for sharing Katy.  xoSteph
While her eyes were closed she started visualizing the things important to her in her life, and –just like Katy, breathing in thru her nose, out thru her mouth. Things that gave her comfort, and peace, and she was able to transport herself to a place outside her fear.
…”Ok Mom, you ready? …Eyes closed, relax, in slow and deep thru the nose, out slow and steady thru the mouth. –Repeat…. In…..out, in…..out….. etc.”   Eventually this helped her overcome her fear.
She couldn’t take anything for anxiety as it could interfere with her injections, so we devised a plan. She already held my hand thru each treatment. But we decided we would try breathing exercises.
I’ve gone to every single appointment with her and in the beginning, she was terrified, and she had a very hard time coping –as anyone likely would, and was so scared, that she would start crying. It killed me.
My mother is fighting stage 4 Breast Cancer. When she first started treating, she had to go in several times per month for injections.
As said a dozen times by several sensible individuals already, Katy was just saying what works for her. Why are you shaming her for it? Stop bullying and shaming other people to make yourself feel better about your own insecurities and inadequacies.
Dear Haters and Shamers: please, for crying out loud, take a look in the mirror. Who are you to judge anyone? Be assured, you are no one of enough relevance to make it ok. Only your creator can make that claim.
That's use
Ppl be hatin on katy on how she cures her anxiety srsly y'all need to learn pronouns first
I just got cured thank you MOM 
Good for you
Locals are so stupid omg Katy gets hate for everything it's tiring
Thank you for giving us tips on how you deal with anxiety! we are all different.  (Ignore the whiny haters). Do your thing! 
Um??? Where did she say how breathing helps EVERYONE??? And actually deep breathes help calm anxiety soooooo???
lol
Yoga breathing. Make a “ha” sound with your throat on the exhale.
I'm anxious all thee time!!!
thank u katy im cured
I love you!!
FADA
Hello
I’m sure she just got anxiety reading these comments, oh irony why does life have to be so full of it?! Btw this does work if your anxiety isn’t that severe. It’s actually a science thing.
Is this a joke?
Dear Katy, this is true, even while you're in the gym. 
I’m cured
Same, sis. This technique seems easy if you look at it simple minded...i feel if ppl think that it doesn't work they are doing it wrong.... isn't it so refreshing to inhale and collect all that awful energy and exhale to push it out of you?!?
Why are so many stupid people responding this?
do NOT worry guys, the doc is here.
Turn negative things into positive ones .
Hola yo creo q eres mi amiga

queen of being attacked for breathing
Excellent advice Katy. Breath control is the best way to start the day off. In through the nose, out through the mouth, clear your thoughts & relax. People also take in more oxygen into the bloodstream that way & it's healthy all round. Have a lovely day sweetheart. x 
Y’all need to stop being offended by @katyperry talking about how she, herself, handles HER OWN ANXIETY. GEEZUS! It’s NOT always about everyone else! Get a life, narcissist snowflakes!
QUEEEN
FUCK YALL GETTING OFFENDED BY THIS, she did NOT tell YOU thats how YOU will cure YOUR depression, it’s what works for HERRRRRR
She literally just said that she breathes in through her nose and out through her mouth when she feels any anxiety and y’all act like she proudly said she discovered anxiety and invented oxygen omg i-
that's what my mother tells me to do whenever I feel any anxiety, love you 
y’all locals rlly thought katy had enough time to cure YOUR anxiety lmao get a life
thats also the best way to get O into your bloodstream, good for running and working out and what not
We do fucking stan!
oh no honey didn’t you know we’re in 2018?
buy me. i am mariah on itunes
I need to remember this. I get myself so worked up i constantly have panic attacks and anxiety attacks. My dad had a stroke March 26th and have been dealing with a lot and trying to get his bills paid. I'll keep this in mind.
<yawn> STFU I think I saw a thing of eyeshadow that you haven’t found yet. Good Gawd woman #GimmeAFuckingBreak
y’all locals are so sensitive she’s sharing what helps HER and has nothing to do with y’all. literally get a life and do your own thing.
also cute promo xx
Doesn’t sound like real anxiety... just breathing
Y’all are so fucking sensitive.
She said this helps HER. Not everyone.
Jesus christ, y’all are on smth else
Yeah, same.
You are not alone 
... well I wish it was this simple for me 
queen of being attacked for breathing
Katy wasn’t trying to solve your personal problem with anxiety she was just saying how she deals with. I love Katy ... and frankly I loved to be kissed by her and marry her. She’s the cutest little brunette... I ever did see. Wide Awake forever
I wish it were that easy 
I just breate 
@katyperry  and also buff ,uknow what I mean? Sabes lo que digo pedorreta
@phoebetheamazon
wig.
I love you Katy! 
y’all are reaching she’s speaking about her own coping mechanism not suggesting it to everyone in the damn world...talkin bout ‘omg cured’ sis bye

Proper way of feeling better.
That's the way!!!!!
I like this anymore
Queen.
Listen, she didn’t say “whenever YOU feel any anxiety, just breathe through YOUR nose and out through YOUR mouth” get it together people. Let her do her thang.
sis i do the same thing and also plug in my earphones
Anxiety vanished. Thank you queen!
Hello
That doesn’t work for me 
I have a anxiety disorder
Omg!!!! If only I had know then instead of spending thousands of dollars on medication and therapy! Who knew it could be so easy
Wow, some of these people...
Work's for me as well deep breathing a plus
People are coming at her for saying she feels any anxiety
Hi folks before we criticize KP, statement unreasonably look at it again. It's all personal pronouns ,in the first person, no 2nd no 3rd ."I and my". she was not giving anyone clinical advice.
We love you babe
Same here
