you have a nice hand
you can see her toes
I JUST NOTICED THAT
pretty bb
I stan your long toe
they’re mine
We been knew! I just want to admire them 
okay good you’re allowed
Philippians 4:13  Happy Easter Sunday lil bird! See you tomorrow 
omg tomorrow??
the wait is almost over
release a new single
Power
no
Act my age?
roulette
me too babe. i love you so much thank you for being my strength 
also 
you have to troll today... it’s april 1st @katyperry
*releases a movie*
Happy Easter, pretty lady 
Hope you had an amazing time in Hong Kong! Awesome show! Come again soon!!
Double Rainbow 
SEE YOU TOMORROW @katyperry MANILA CAN'T WAIT TO WITNESS YOU! LOVE LOTS!  #WitnessTourMNL
13 days, ilsym 
where's illuminati katy at?
hey @katyperry
Your brokenness made you the amazing woman you are right now. Keep on growing and remember your Katycats will always support you. We love you.
Love you Katy  Happy Easter. Have a great day 
Come To Turkey 
You are my God
@katyperry  NOTICE ME PLEASE
i love your toes
???
one year ago today when you trolled us 
ATLANT Airdrop Bot:
Your referral link:
http://telegram.me/atlantairdropbot?start=416381 …

Refer your friends to get extra 250 ATL for each friend.
https://twitter.com/katys_pillow/status/980036851183448066?s=21 … see you soon
STOP FOLLOWING ME see you next Sunday!!!  @katyperry 
Welcome to China
I love you
I love you
Your not “broke”! Your awesome! Stay grounded, and do what God built you to do...sing, sing like an angel, I have heard your voice, it is a gift... now simply be you...GREAT!
Ily
You make me whole 
Buetiful day in Hong Kong 
MAKE ROULETTE SINGLE PORRA
Prism feelings
I love u Idol  and I love my God 
OMG the PRISM era is back!
I love you 
kp5 is coming
Happy easter bb
u forgot to crop ur foot out
Release witness deluxe edition on Spotify world wide
Don’t be broken 
somethings never change 
Katy Perry, you are a GREAT JUDGE, and I love your personality. I hope you and Trevor end up together! Lol Sorry "girlfriend," but he isn't "MARRIED!"... YET!  
Katy, did you convert to Catholicism? I saw your instagram story about taking communion. I am so excited and happy for you either way. You are amazing and blessed inside and out! My wife and I really adore you and look up to you. I joined the Catholic Church when I was 19.
Great city, + awesome artist = #KatyPerry
Is this you trying to win back the nuns
 God Bless You 
 I Love You 
PHILIPPINES ARE WAITING FOR YOU!!!
The gay runs through your veins but we been knew
Hello Katy 
Dont be sad happy Easter come to staten island have dinner with my 6 adopted children and my husband we r handicapped but all the kids help xoxo
Ilysm
I hope I can finally meet u next month in mexico 
LINDA
Queen 
I love you mom
Katy & Taylor both Queens
wao
I see you in 40 days 
I love youuuuu
Praise God. God Bless you Katy
God loves your beautiful spirit: “For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world ...” John 3:16-17
I am a big fan from Hong Kong 
Welcome @katyperry in #HongKong
Why don't u ever wish anything for USA
True! I love you Katy. I think you are beautiful and hilarious and sing wonderfully. I love you on AI this season.
I love you so much 


Miss you Mom
I love u
Te amoo
Deus
Rainha
happy easter god bless 

See you katy here in philippines! Tomorrow @MOAArena
U need a super dream with a black dude.
You accept Muslim then you feel good life
i never knew you believed in God
He never left you. 
Proud of youI love you so MUCH
Nihao
@katyperry  tomorrow concert in Philippines excited for all Filipino there, eventhough I'm here in TaiWan yessss I made it see you soon in a April 4 in Taipei arena
http://kingsapk.co  share
Love you Katheryn! In God we trust.


Toes
God is part of you and each of us. Do not ignore. Enjoy the opinion of your own.
Illumimati confirmed
Ily
hi i love u
i love you
Love you
Come to Puerto Rico  
love you linda
Love you 
i miss u
Just need a little bit of Peter Pan and some imagination
It's okay to not act your age, mom! Love u @katyperry 
Who is almighty god??
For complete spiritual knowledge

Must Visit- http://supremegod.org 

#EasterVigil #ALDUBLentenEasterSunday 
Come to Brazil
U don't stay atBrazil
So?

Well said.
God Bless you.
So when is Katy Perry going to really turn around and fall on her knees asking God for forgiveness and actually meaning it by actuslly turning back to God/Jesus Christ??? "ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS" Katy Perry!!!
It must be so difficult for one to be in the entertainment industry while being a follower of Christ.... because there is only One Truth. #mayyoubewhoyouare. #whothecreatormadeyoutobe. The resurrection is either 100% true, or 100% false. Jesus: "no neutrality". #thebibleisamazing
With God all things are possible.
Katy you've done something that in the eyes of the creator (ONE) is a stab in the back. I'm not talking about Bible shit, that's all written by the deceivers of this Earth. I'm talking about your "SOUL",it's not yours anymore, you trade it for 15 seconds of fame.Hell awaits you
I love you Katy Perry even though sometimes ;-)I don't get the things your trying to say
Marry me!
pretty Queen
Your testimony will help so many with their struggles and to rely on Jesus for strength ! I am so impressed with your transparency and love seeing your Big heart on Idol!
Beautiful

So thrilled to read that you received the Holy Communion yesterday. Proud of you young lady!
Según las líneas en tu mano tu tienes lo más afortunado en está vida sonrriele y los momentos tristes serán transformados en horas de felicidad comparte con todos esos momentos !!!
Being broken is the path to greater holiness if one is really living a holy life and carrying it in holy love.  2 Cor 4:10-11

Many seek humanly desire which can NEVER be pleasing to Him Whom is Love.  Loving God is doing His will even to the point of death.

Romans 8:5-8
Gotta love strong women. Support each other
Hypocrite
Bang a gong, get it on Hong Kong!
Hong Kong Katy Cats :)
Katy, I love you
What up
Pls perry live performances
Jesús King! Cristo rey!! Que tatuaje más bonito Katy como tú!!
Katy! Wo Ai Ni From Chinese Katycats
You are a goddess sweetie slay your beauty
God bless you!
this is beautiful, you are engraved in the palm of His hands.... always 
Nice Katy
lindissima falou tudo
