Roulette
Act My Age?
A BOP!
Slay me!
act my age must be a single please
Eu estarei assistindo também.Que vença o melhor.

Heyyyyyyyy
True and success

歡迎來到台灣！
How many nuns died in the making of American idol ???
my fave tunes are roar and you wanna play with http://magic.play  with me.and you wonf get burnt.reply toome.i dare you
Katy Taipei is waiting for you!!
Bring back brandon elder. #upset


# If the plane crash's! Means I'd have to eat you. Travel safe#
Annoying fake drama..let them sing.
Love Ada Vox
I'm a fan Katy, I reside in Milwaukee( Wisconsin)  and I would love free tickets  to come see you live. Keep in touch.
Lol final judgement
@katyperry when are you going to stop copying other celebs and will do something of your own??
Cute
Ooop
@katyperry see you tomorrow 

nice one
MOMMMM I MADE THIS FOR YOU QUEEN 
You got this
I monna see you in real life
Please listen to this song!!!
We are sure we can be a Americanidol!!!
Best season ever!  Love you as a judge:-)
Hmmmmmm
Enjoy your trip beautiful
Final judgement for me was when you guys failed to put @lainehardy_ through.  I won’t be watching the show anymore.
pin timing & date please? Missed the records...
I am forever with you but there is battle by overcome
love u


@katyperry my little niece is your biggest fan! On Friday she shaved her hair to raise money for cancer, she raised over $1000. We’re going to see you live in Sydney, in August and it would make her life if she got to meet…
Taipei!!!
I  #AmericanIdol top 24 and your #beautiful judges 

Until the end of time
I'm witness to your power
Instagram livestream are better than live tweeting
I love having you on Idol. You are tough but fair, hysterical and adorable! You crack me up ! We would be instant friends! <3
Have a safe trip! Thanks for visiting manila
You don't love the EAST COAST anymore
Best show thus Far!!! You’re one of the kindest judges thus far! Amazinggg show!!!
The three of you have been amazing to watch!!! I do love simon but I’ll take the three of you any day!!! 
Come to Colombia 
Get Lane back!!!
Who the hell is Katy Perry?!?! 
American Idol is awesome this year!!!
I can believe you didn’t put Thaddeus Johnson through. So disappointed about that.
YASS
Katy, Katy Katy Laine Laine Laine
Anyone you are going to humiliate on tv to tears again, Hawkeye?
You're great!!
Thank you @katyperry for visiting the Philippines!!!  Mahal kita! 
Sending Trevor home was THE. BEST. DECISION. ALL. NIGHT. #AmericanIdol
How did @CarlyMoffa not make it? #clueless
Omg Katy!!!Taipei is waiting for you 
Is #trevor in ur plane too ???
Really like you but you are more critical of people who aren't as "PRETTY" as others. UNLESS Idol editing purposefully edited tonight's show to make you look like you are a little bit shallow.
Give these girl contestants some LOVE, Katy!!! Be the support system. Be the SISTA!
Why the hell did you let Laine go home??????? I can't even watch anymore.
GET YOU A INFORMATIVE QUEEN
Hi katy love your music,honey
hi i am a huge fan i want you to know that i love your new look
You guys need to let Blane through! He would grow and surprise you! He is awesome!
You forgot to live tweet
Katy, you do a great job on A. I. Best judge ever.

Gotta tone it down?  To much frosting on the cake already?  What the heck Katy?  Looked in the mirror lately?  Whose got too much frosting?  That young girl has 10x more raw talent. You seemed like a jealous woman. . Your reaction really made me disappointed in you.
She was fantastic and fun
See you soon in Bangkok. There will be lots of Chinese fans as well. 
I love how contestants sing your songs! Unconditionally made me cry!  Katy Perry your amazing #AmericanIdol
Can t wait 2  U!!!
And we have to keep pushing really hard trough facebook and twitter for this dude stop saying that am drug lord when we know that am not drug lord and for this dude stop saying s#&t because we should not tolerate this kind of s#&@ absolutely no
American idol about to start eta in one minute in Utah
You really blew it with Thaddeus. He has presence, voice, and owned the stage. I'm serious, if you don't right this wrong, I'll never watch @AmericanIdol again. #BringBackThaddeus
Really? You didn't keep Thaddeus???
You're mean to the contestants and you're bossy to your fellow judges! How can you try to boss the legendary @LionelRichie around??  You could've been nicer to Trevor. You're cutting the wrong people! Done watching this show.
You're great on American Idol!safe travels 
LOL NOT AT ALL TEAM KP
You're gorgeous!!!!
#KatyIsAGoddess
KATYYY MAINIT AT MALAMIG
Wake up!
Love you, Katy!!!!
Journey #NailedIt
Nice
Katy please let your hair grow out again Please...luv ya
Bring back Thaddeus!
I'm seriously loving you as a judge. Such a fun distraction from the not funny joke in the WH. Please be more of a DIVA!!!
You got it wrong letting Thaddeus go. Sad.
You didn’t put Trevor through omg
So upset Thaddeus not through!!!
How can y'all let Thaddeus go.
On My Own Official Video
Bring Trevor Back  I don’t care if his range is limited to sultry love songs!
Have a safe trip! Bring my fiance back with you. I miss him terribly. 
Ahh, the nerves!! Tense for the contestants you can just hear the nerves. Feel for you all too having to make or break them face to face!! Love you girl!!
I am watching as we speak!
Michael w is gonna throw down! Cabaret to Morissette... are you kidding me????
Have some sleep mom please :(
I don’t mean to change the subject but gosh girl I need your help with my eyelashes! Yours are on point always!
#BrewersOpener
THIS IS ONLY A TEST!!!!!!!!!!!! #Retweet TO + UP I'm doing a analysis on how people see your tweet when you post. I will give updated pictures of this tweets analysis and impressions of how many people it reaches in…
Hi Katy. Great songs. Greetings from me and the islands of Trinidad and Tobago. Hope you have a great flight.  And I would love it if you can visit my website at: https://p-q-s-l.wixsite.com/p-q-s-l-home . 
i’m glad tamra is allowing you to live tweet before the flight today 

Here's your daily laugh #trent_dupri
Uh, for cereals, are you my Tyler Durden? Kinda kidding not kidding.
I just heard your voice in my head say "No."
 So that's good.
My love!!
#AmericanIdol
I like your emoji 
You are the best Katy! Love you on Idol. Came back to watch out of curiosity, staying because of you!!
,.......


Thank you so much for last night @katyperry Mahal ka namin. Now get some sleep! #WitnessTheTourMNL

You are an inspiration! Thank you!!  Look what my daughter wrote about you in her school essay :
Have a great show
YOU WERE AMAZINGB LAST NIGHT OMGGGG
Is it live.


I NEED YOUR HELP PLEASE

Help me reach 500rt in less than a week to get Harry’s pink tpwk crewneck thanks to @GiveawaysMerch !!!!…
Can you do your @MariahCarey  whistle tone again 
I watch in youtube ure concert.. it was brillant enjoy etc...here in philippines.. gud luck 2 ure nxt tour taipei..im alwys in ure back.. hehehhe..  godbless...take rest if have time also ure beautiful voice..we love you..@katyperry
Have fun!!!!
safe travels
I’M SORRY FOR CHEATING I LOVE YOU AND TAMRA  pls don’t get mad at her
Have a nice day, “Katy Perry”
I’m sorry for missing my chem exam  I’ll do good I promise  @katyperry
Loving you on Idol. Love from Down Under!
O.K....

.
Hey my MamaCats, u havent released a single for 11 months since Swish Swish and havent released another MV for 4 months since Hey Hey Hey. We’re so so nervous, is Witness era over? Isnt it? <3 <3
I love love love u as a judge! It has been so much fun! I’m excited for this season! U 3 have brought life to the show!! There is so much talent this year! May God guise u every step!!
Katheryn, thank you for the awesome night you let us experienced i love u
Katy 
Queen Katy Pereira 
Me podés hacer el favor de dormir bien y dejar de hacer sextas satánicas ahre
Don’t
hello rat
I know you never see my tweets + I'll be sleeping as usual when you live tweet, but you know what, I never give up, so in case you  this, just know that I  u and I'm so grateful for everything you do 
Must know
Who is supreme God according to Holy Bible?
Which form god exists??
http://Supremegod.org 
#bible
On My Own Official Video
we need new music
Hi how are you?
i‘d love to witness this but a girl gotta get her sleep you know
Final JUDGEMENT
when you correct one of the contestant about men do not exist @katyperry when you said that men do exist too my heartist respect for you katy went from 1mill+ straight to 1zill+
I literally felt like I felt a happy tear run down my cheek
when I see that everyone has pics with you and I don't

omg you better be actually trolling or I’m gonna throw hands

My actual magic program. Process the 4 elements by spelling...things.
https://sites.google.com/site/silkysmoothdecosta/spell …
Wooohooo

So excited!!!!!
i prefer the gram 
if you have time to live tweet, you have time for an instagram livestream 
okay team kp
You make American Idol so much fun to watch go Katy
The day of  reckoning  is upon us  a tremendous amount of talent to say the least great luck everyone 
Yay! That was so much fun last night. I’ll try to stay awake. If I don’t get to talk to you, have a safe flight. Love you.
Welcome to Taiwan
Justice for Rise, Katheryn! I finally got your name spelled correctly, darling. I am sorry about that
Omggggg
I'll probably be sleeping but I wish you great night or day Idk now anymore. Love ya
Thank you for coming to Kansas City
te amo mamãe
Troll us hunty
oi princesa

You are a piece of the puzzle of someone else's life. You may never know where you fit, but others will fill the holes in their lives with pieces of you. ~Bonnie Arbon
GOOD MORNING QUEEN U SLAYED LAST NIGHT I LOVE YOU
Left shark 
who's better  #TaylorSwiftDelicate  #KatyPerry
Five shows more till MEXICO!!! IM FUCKING EXCITED FOR SEE YOU
tweet tweet
Hi
wig did you said wig?
