katy, why did you re-post the "last friday night" video?
Nice
Please stop fawning all over him. If a male judge behaved like that to a female contestant, it would be embarrassing, uncomfortable and inappropriate. It's no different the other way round. Just stop.
Love from korea katy.... don't forget to visit Gyeongbok palace to check korean history
Cade can sure rock the house.....
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982723421326004224 … 8607
Are you Viking lovers ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/cy7tde 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/cy7tde 
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time
…
love youuuuu
Katy: A
Eu: RAINHA, falou tudoooooo. QUER A LUA MOMMA? TE DOU O SISTEMA SOLAR TODINHO SÓ PRA VOCÊ!!!!!

a missed opportunity to use emojis 
u know, some people believe life is a dream. So my work is half done
let’s go do it
c'est vrai;  j'aimerai que mon reve ce réalise!  avec toi!
Charm 
U look so ugly and satanic !
My mother is my feather...and also my father!...
so beautiful

bon apetti baby
Michael Jackson
Exactly
Katy, I'm in love with you  When I get to Hollywood, I'll marry you. But for now, having you bump my track is what I'll have to settle for.  Here's my song "Bounce". It's best to shake your buttocks uncomfortably when listening. Enjoy.
I feel that @katyperry is coming with surprises soon.

 you wildin

WE GO TO HOLLYWOOD BABY.
LOVE U KATYYYYYYY
I talking my problems all rich people but no reply.. I think my message is not rich at him
Now put Every Day Is A Holiday on iTunes 

I wish i was in your country and i could present in this show
i want to take part in too but im in japan now
Why though xD?
Dreams are useless when you dream too high.
Nothing right here...
i love you katy
YEAH!!! There's my ROCK STAR!!! Love ya bro!!! 
Rocker with the guitar is Damm good
????

Queen
Ilike ure song #actmyage
My dream is for you to see this beanie I designed
Retweet beautiful @katyperry bead art beanie designed for @eangels1064 wearing @britneyspears shirt so cool even @CocaCola had to be in it. 
Pixie Perry!! 
Oh look what you made me do
Dude is a natural. Got the look and he play guitar. Good shit.
I love you!  Te amo!
Fallow me on insta please
\m/
Tweet us a selfie so we know this is u
Eu não aguento mais
@katyperry I love you baby 
Hloo
Luv ya
SEE U IN LONDON AND BARCELONA 
Mmm
love you
LUV YA
It's safe. Do you wanna a gluten free pizza?
Buy rise on itunes
Buy Roleta tbm

Mona
Momma*
Mum
second night that I wake up with you
