رووووعة

Hi Katty Perry How Are you I am a Big fan of you and your songs.. 
What DA fuck?

I love you katy
big deal of this
OMG KATY

Oowoooooowo
رقم جوال ارسل
Love u
Love those hands and feet!!!lol
Woooow.  U look beautiful
am here
You are a real human for doing that
Your so beautiful Katy but they get some funny pictures of you
you go girl I like the new look
Katy))))
Beautiful Girl! ! !
We made a dress like that for our House of Mann fashion show. https://etsy.me/2GON39X 
Parece que te chilla la ardilla!!! It looks like if the squirrol cries you!!!
Mmmmmmm try a little Katy ... by Katy ... It smells so good !
u do  btr in the longer dresses, leaves no excuse to misbehave w/an embarrassed Lionel  or the other guy. It's better when you behave, don't get too goofy.  Nice materials though on yr outfits. U don't need  so  much make up, you're prettier without it. yr dog  is yr best asset.
Nasty but good check
Good
Looking for crabs, Katy?
I love you katy
Aux armpits, citoyens!...Formez...et déformez...
My beautiful fantasy @katyperry

رقم جوال موافق بوسه  ارسل
sis just quit already
كس حلو ارسل
Nice 
Hahaha
Gross!   Why was it necessary to GIF this.???? Let the poor lady have a private moment for once. GOOD LORD!
Smell nice eh!!!!
Does Katy have gold tin foil on tonight
Pshhh

The pits

How nasty, take a shower you nasty
EXCELLENT
Hahahaha. U look dazzling
lovely.

Ваняешь лошадка!!!
I love this outfit!!!!! Who makes it
As always, wonderful sexy legs! Would love to climb those thighs!
Wtf
You just ruined my infatuation
I'm ready for your sealed indictment to break open.  #MKULTRA-Katy

Cannibal Luciferian Witch
Where did u get that dress? I absolutely  it!!! Want it!!!
Just wanted to share you cannibalism and satanism with your friends...In your own words
Love your style so much. You look absolutely beautiful!!
Gross not funny..
my opinion
i bet that smells good :P
Are those earrings clip on

Kate is either talking from a position of indoctrinated memory or she has eaten human flesh. Either case is demonic insanity and if she eat of the body of another human she is a monstrous criminal.  What is her answer. Did she or didn’t she.   http://yournewswire.com/katy-perry-cannibalism/ …
how are you not the hottest damn thing on the planet
Lol that was funny
Love you
#Yeah! Place a store next to the leggs.And that how I know who you are.
my brazil friend loves you
HAHA there's no shame in an occasional pit check! I've used Crystal deodorant for years (I swear I'm not a narcissist!) so once in awhile I fear it may stop working. Any time I smell onions I freak out but am relieved to confirm it's not me! You rocked that outfit yesterday btw;)
Checking deodorant?
with those legs I would have the desire to dance with you bachata .....

Love that dress 
I f'ing love @katyperry she seems like shed be the coolest down to earth celebrity to hang out with.
My son likes you songs Shouts out to him please
Let it happen
Ensures jnyou nbsnssjNsnzeunz w
As if. Lol
Why would anybody post that
Love to watch


Let me do that for u.
I am I’ve been watching it and eating for a new vid.
Gorgeous.
#DigitalMarketing #ContentMarketing #SEO #SEM #Contentstrategy #Contentcreation #GrowthHacking #InternetMarketing #Marketing #Makeyourownlane #Defstar5 #Mpgvip #Analytics #Offpageseo
I love you lots Katy but you need to tone down the makeup your starting to look like a drag queen, just saying...
You are the REAL idol, Katy. God bless
That robe tho! Who? What? How can I get one?! Please?
Nice
"miga sua louca"
some things never change right?
Maybe that's why American Idol isn't doing as well as it should personally I miss J.Lo and Harry I don't think I would ever see JLo smelling her Pits on live TV really Katie that's ridiculous
why the woman smells under arms
You are a Cocaine Addict.
hey stop thinkinabout me 
http://smbx.me/F47bG 
Drop by.
Only for strong macho
Run

#wrestlemania #Tatort #SGETSG #bvbvfb #AnneWill
Human flesh is the best meat, really? I guess so when you belong to a satanic cult
My birthday is October 26, one day after yours.
Honey, I would kiss your armpits. You are fine! 
reading emoji symbol meanings for 1st time, i'm so old school
You’re a pig!
Love your outfit
Thank God for the lovely you
U are so damn sexy and disgustingly hot
You are such a goofball. Still love you though. Keep doing what you are doing.
V
잘자요 
Asante mama
Bring it on...
Hi how it going
You are gorgeous! But more gorgeous is your beautiful heart I have witnessed from watching the show.
Please see this
Dear @katyperry
some unfortunate #katycats needs your help  who always support you and love you. Please read the message below  and I'll be glad if anyone will…
Smell it baby..#kgcatalog1003
That's funny
Keep it real girl. We all got to check the stank. Love it !
Feeling fresh!
Wowwww Really
Hahahaha! Love the show. Hello frm Manila PH 
! still love you honey, be nicy!

Do you still believe? Curious
⁯Sweetheart, open your legs, show me your paradisiac Vollupia because ⁯'The paintings or photos that really excite me have an erotic element or side to them irrespective of subject matter.' by Lucian Freud.⁮ ⁮
How many sequins you guys have?
Those legs tho 
Ciao meravigliosa creatura
Oh God your soo cute
https://www.yahoo.com/news/couple-charged-murder-apos-beating-133101371.html …
Huhhh....Baby baby baby 
Really a smelfie LOL. Your cutie.
I don't care about that#fake_world
Katy!!! What is the perfume you used in Korea??!?!?!?!  It smelled so good
This whole look could be my wedding outfit!! Miss Katy Perry would you mind donating/borrowing this for me for this October? I still don't find a dress for this day
I don't know what to say...

Love this look gorgeous 
Haa
The Bible says, death is the last enemy. ... and Jesus Christ is the Lord of all. 1 Corinthians 15:26, 27

Acts 10:36. And Christ delivers from the fear of Death. Hebrews 2:14
next time can you upload it pls so people like me who missed it can see it later! 
Beautiful
Katy your awesome life how you show your feeling on the show
IDK but i just watched beginning what on Earth are you hiding under all that makeup! it's horrible for the skin .. you were so beautiful Naturally! 
Idk who's mimicking who you or ADAVox ? let the skin breathe get that dark hair back LORD try pro active

...I love it @katyperry . You are so real!! Don’t change who you are for anyone.

And she was with Russell Brand, and worried about the smell?

Maybe smells, but ,coming from you, it will be a fragrance .love u
MISSED YOUR LIVE
Great way to pass the time?
Katy Perry has one of the largest twitter followings. If anyone is able to donate anything you can to my sisters friend towards her life saving surgery in Barcelona it would be extremely helpful!!
Sedang ngpn
Wow are you sexy 
Baby you fine kitten
those legs ...... mmmhhh ..... arrr........ grrrrrr...........AAAAAARARRRRRRRGGGGGRRRRR
HAROO
Hi katyperry
make roulette as a single, mom!
Pit Checker
Me me me!! Just saw some clips from facebook... so cooool 
my love for Katy Perry is bigger than my age...
Me
I am!Up with #AmericanIdol!
Ur too good because u have good heart  love u so much. Love from india.
If it’s that fresh or clean, no need to sniff test. #ew
Ur doing a better job than Nicki,
 Just stop kissing under aged boys without their consent, maybe?
smell like a rose

Not sure what to say....but should have checked before you came...

Hi when are you back in Prague?  could we do an interview?
katy pq q o instagram não me avisa quando vc faz live
Te amo 
Who cares about American Idol. I’m only on here to look at you. American Idol is fixed so.
smells good. just like this clothes. share and shinny.
Unbelievable
My boo
I love you on American Idol your so funny ilysm
Like the outfit you were wearing in the video
California, California gurl!
@madison_warner this ones for you 
U ever going to follow me or what priest daughter geeesh. RT 9 hellooooo! Lol.
#KatyPerry
