What a joke!!! He should have gone through over many of the others  who have virtually no talent!! You played @tholmesmusic like a freaking fiddle!! Worse judge ever!! Made a fool out of your flirting, childish self!!!
Is that because it’s a non-prismatic solid structure of two or more
Love u
I'm a fan of you Katy and Trevor
I cannot believe that you guys sent Zach home and David home. They sing better than anybody there. I was ready to vote for them now I'm not even sure I'm going to watch the rest of the show

The whole world loves you Katyyyyy
He is HOT and those arms!!!
Girl I think his girlfriend is to old for him. Out look much better for him
⚘
Rhombicosidodecahedron 
You mean an antidisestablishmentarianism? 
wtf is rhombijdhdbsjhsederone
It's word from Crystallography.
I think you and Trevor, make a great looking couple 
Miss Perry, would you please pronounce that long word, live on air, for me?
#americanidol
Good Morning,#RoaringKat!
Jealousy
An artist starting with a girlfriend is already losing fans @tholmesmusic  @katyperry
So true, just don't ask me to spell it !
I am following @tholmesmusic because of you @katyperry 
I love you Katy!!! 
@katyperry you are seriously the shit.. I mean you're amazing, Beautiful, humble, and funny.. any guy would be lucky to have you.. *cough* @tholmesmusic!  
OMFG YES!
For now its square in addition of me hahahah
Just don’t let it get to your head!
Stay focused and keep up the good work!
I like @AmericanIdol a lot but ddnt follow them on twitter before and i just did now becoz of @katyperry and @tholmesmusic .i see sparksfly
rhombicosidodecahedron - what a word 
Correct 
wtf
I wonder if that is some sort of euphemism for that trick where you can turn a sphere inside out?

Na A bremuda
I don't know if I want the whole world falling in love with me. There's so many that's in love with me already... (that's not true, there actually isn't)
U Archimedean, euclidean me. Smart girls are sexy as hell!

She's not wrong Trevor! 
Shit Madam, I'm on my second "Two Fingers of @knobcreek and now you want me to dredge up polygonal faces! Jeeeez!!
Is geometry related to math?
That’s her next album title, calling it 
Kkkkkkkk
Troll us bb
Hiiiiii
is this english

sis can’t even spell a 4-letter word okay this is definitely not her
Teeeeeeeeeeee amoooooooooo

Teeee amooooooooooo
Wtf mom?? Rhombicosoidowjdhicjwjerror404
I love how you doubled down on this love triangle business [well she's not his fiancee!] My dad laughed. I think other people might sense the heat on this and back away because it might make you seem like a home wrecker. But knowing your motives makes you genuine and interesting.
Awww 
Teeeeee amooooooooo
concept: prismatic world tour but with rhombicosidodecahedrons instead of triangles
Ok , I am trying to say rhombicosidodecahedron just for you gorgeous .  Its not easy ....
hahahahaha boba demais
You know it’s teamkp when something like that is spelled right, wig Katy could never
Arrogant weasel...
I love you
Woah

TE AMO
 Mahal kita Katy
I want you slaaaaaay that Jealous Girlfriend of Trevor my Queen Katy hahaha I loved when u said it’s not even ur fiancé haahhahaa damn I looooove u my Queen Perry Get that Trevor for us 
Yes I can't wait to see what happens!!!! 
The whole world are in love with you, because you’re amazing person and I love you so much baby
a what
 Love you both!
Goddess we see you flirting You make eye contact! Love you Queen! 
sis doesn’t do maths, dont play around kp team
Followback Ms. @katyperry pleaseeeeeeee
Hey Goddess here's my drawing
Wut is that shape
I love you
like this if it's katy on twitter
shut up
Wow that’s a big word. Do you need to sit down after that one?
What's the mean? Haha.
rhombicosidodecahedron ok mom
Queen
and you got so much lovers
I love you
What is that? 
I love you sooo much Katy #Katykat4ever
LOVE YOU MOMM
YAS QUEEN YASSS!

Legend
I love you
WOW TE GUSTA KATY PERRY
Siiii desde el 2009 
Yo desde 2008 con "Thinking of you" 
Vas a ir a su concierto?
Siii aunque sea hasta atrás hhaha necesito ahorrarle para Camila y a katy ya la vi súper cerca entonces, fue una difícil decisión pero tenía que ser  y tú?
Te entiendo estoy igual Siii, voy a estar en zona Azul. Que dia vas?
Yo en zona gris creo, hasta atras haha voy la primera fecha de la cdmx y tú?
Todo se derrumbo
Dentro de mi...
Voy el 4 de Mayo porque no alcancé para el 3
love you
Stoooooop
queen
