Must be tough sometimes.. There’s no place like home.... there’s no place like home.

Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982893464806395905 … 7226
Are you Viking lovers ? 
Perfect gift for your family members and friends
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1tzcY1 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1tzcY1 …
if you feel lonely, i can share this with u

Are you still worshipingSatan and practicing cannibalism?
I like how Katy Perry dresses up French style confirm
You have a new design
Follow meee
just fighting!
Space Cowboy is amazing.

@katyperry i was not in tweeter. But because of you i actually made it..  take care always katy.
Good
I love it too! She is amazing ♡♡♡

Can any body start music
there is no home, you can not stay in the same level of consciousness if the mind evaluates
Britney Spears
#Butterflies 
head downunder, you won't be homesick any more
I also feel like listening to her songs is home. 

Not so much of a Lonely Weekend afterall, huh?
Because my job is so demanding and sometimes I am drained of energy, when I'm out I sing in my car at the top of my lungs, it gives me energy and released all that drained feeling.
There's nothing worse when you feel homesick when I feel like this I bring something special from home mine being my old white teddy I had when I was born she's just called white ted  x

heal in South Korea!
My queens
Shame sorry
Listen to Pageant Material!!!!!
Yoga is inviting demonic spirits. The Kundalini wants your soul. Don't be deceived
I love music.  It's a genuine art, like u @katyperry 
Dear Katy, my love 
wouldn't be nice to have a 2018 version of this beautiful song?
I'd be lost without music. Keeps me "composed" :)
Our lives wouldn’t be the same without music!
love this!!
I love you katy! Im so sad we couldnt able to watch your concert here in Manila PhilippinesForsome reasons..but we love u so much since
Hopefully you'll feel better soon darling
@lornamorrison3 the girlove continues 
https://youtu.be/AkKcj6VaOxg 
Please watch it and tell me your oppinion about it.

And we have to keep pushing really hard trough facebook and twitter for the doctor dont come for mercy before i go to my girls house for I dont end in the madness house amen amen and amen
Get well soon 
This album is SOOOO good  Thanks for the recommendation #GoldenHour 
Hi Katy
I wanna go on tour with u. I'll be your man servant
Witness tour in Manila should and must have a REPEAT.
Ti Amo! #Breathe
Air quality levels as recorded over the past 1 hour. #breathe
She was killahhh on ur Tour in 2014!
Katy your never truly alone,lots of people love youxx
Katy Perry I m always with you
But I await your beautiful face
Love
David

Crazy DAVID
Music makes the right notes to blend with words which give the meaning to its rhyme.... Love, Affection, Loneliness. Hope all expressed in a tune
Get well soon love katy@katyperry

"Inside the heart is breaking, a make up may be flaking, but the smile still stays on !! " #theshowmustgoon only 2 days left for #Special #birthday of #Vegas #Queen #Golden #Anniversary coincide with #GoodFriday & …

Que pretendes mujer ???
Just take  short break & relax
I’m such a home body, I can’t imagine life on the road, then again, I secretly want to be a truck driver 
If you need company please let me know.

Wow....Keep it up..!
.
Hi Katy How is Kacey's new album? Music always relaxes me too!
Not long until you reunite with Nugget 
I love you so much 
Amen sister
I'm loving watching you on Idol. All my friends think you're adorable and would love to hang out with you even we're old enough to be your grandmother.  Keep our spirits up!
#privilege
Aww..you
Relatable
Music got me thru a lot as a kid, still does. Explaining to my daughter that music will always be your outlet, your best friend. Nothing like it!
Aww ily 
Me when I feel depressed. Plays prism and witness and a light just turns on 
And thanks for keep pushing really hard trough facebook and twitter for I can go to church and thanks have make sure that I go to the church guys really appreciate amen amen and amen
Looking forward to your concert this Sunday in Singapore. I am coming with my family to support you.
Please listen to this song!!!
We are sure you can relax!!!
Don't give up, our children adore you  my layla can't wait to see you in a couple of months. X
Concert tickets sold out 18 July Johannesburg.  Epic
i love you
She definitely has a way of doing that with her music, I love her

You’ll see nuggy soon
Katy Perry is the best and her love keeps on bringing that hope for us.Making us believe that her love is stronger than all of the wickedness in the world.I hope she feels better soon!  

Your Greatest Fan.

Journey Into The Overworld.

I would give you a big hug and you wouldn't feel alone.
Te re amoooo
Bend it stretch it double it and send it #yoga Coles #glad u feel better :)
Katy Perry challenge singing  to Darkhorse lol 
Just picture Trevor and all your woes will subside.
I love you
For You* 
Katy, So Happy You’re On American Idol...
waaaaah #gimmeabreak
we love you
YAAAAAAAAAAAS MOM, SHE'S SO TALENTED
I wait any one here to follow me,I am from north africa
can you pls finally show up in my notifications? I’ve been waiting for years and you never did 
Yep. 
I respect any one here
Both of yalls music does that to me every time!!
There’s a couple on there you totes should not listen to though whilst home sick  xxxxxxxz
Agreed her new album is simply amazing
I been listening to this song on repeat I love it sm!! So relaxing and so California vibes!
You’re the queen of this world ily
Pageant Material!!!!!!
I have one of her CDs!
Pageant Material.  GREAT find, I might add....
Your music moves my life mom 
You are not alone  Love you soo much!!
If you ever feel lonely you are welcome to call me anytime.  I'll do what I can to cheer you up and maybe even make you laugh.
Take care
Legends
Wig, right?
Espero que estejas sentindo-se melhor. Fã do Brasil.
ABC should try playing Golden Hour during AI commercials to help ratings.  Sorry but you come off very cold and self-absorbed on the show.
Pls record covers of Slow Burn and Space Cowboy.
Yay but nothing beats the feeling of home. Don’t know how people travel so much! I love being at home with my fur babies. Watching a Movie.

alkaline water. a lot vitamin c boost you a lot..got to be sure 99.4% pure..believe it or not..just little germs..helps a lot..amazing how we digest things :/?.. co2+poor water?
Sending you love baby
ANJOOOOOOOO
OLHA KATY EU ESPERO ESSE FEAT DESDE 2013
That's what you and your music does to me, giving me strength 



Special guests for Mexico #WitnessTheTourMexico 
@katyperry  @ArenaMtyOficial @ArenaCdMexico  @ocesa @Zignia_Live  @ArenaVFG @LiveNation
U are NEVER alone, KCs are with u wherever u go

Justice for my edits mom
Ela ja viu no instagram mas não custa dar aquela reforçada rs
Witness me mom
FINISHED! After 3 months planning this outfit, stamping fabric, putting led by led, I finally finished. Looking forward to seeing you on the 17th in São Paulo. ILY mom @katyperry @katyperryforum 
MOMMMM
eu amo minha avó porque ela topa tudo por mim, até se fantasiar de katy perry 
Look at this
Justice for me and my friends mom @katyperry 
Notice this mom
2017x2018 growing mom @katyperry 
I love u so much, thank you for existing mom
Sweet Katy, you are adorable
ily 
Am not a fan of either. She is too twangy, and your just fake.
Great Are Thoz In Da Industry/Music And Joyful Ar Da Winners
Bgup!
@team sounder sounding music/tssm
Hi @katyperry If that made you feel good, you should read Fight or Feast! It’ll make you feel even better! It probably has way more severed wieners that the album you listed to. Need an autographed copy?Just let me know. @itsmesquidman

Nice! Hey @katyperry I forgot about the halftime show with dancing sharks! I cannot thank you enough for that! 8th greatest moment of my life! #dancingsharks
Release a new single
that album is everything
Aww
i miss you.
you can check out her album here
That's what you do for us.  Thank you. 
Que bom que você não se sentiu sozinha mamãe fico muito feliz em saber disso. Eu te amo
Please tell me where I can find your music I am a disabled person who cannot get to the store
Indeed! Ily bb
Certain songs and certain people have that power.
You and your songs cause it in my soul.
Thankful.
When I feel sick or sad I listen your music
Taipei can be ur second home
I'd like to hug you right now my love Love you so so much
what’s your favorite song i GOTTA know
Sad & happy isso my fav eveeeerrrr, this álbum os everything
I love how women stick together, especially you 
Why'd you vote Thaddeus off American Idol?
I love u soo much mom
I love you angel
Yes, her new record is so deep!
The power of Music ....
Girl same!!
That’s the exact feeling I have when I listen to your music, I don’t feel alone, I can fight against all odds with you, you make me me feel powerful, and those sad days don’t exist. Thank you 
I follow back 100%
that’s just how we all feel about you! you’ll never be alone btw 
Keep on,  all good wishes #guardianANGEL ;)
Katy, I sent a copy of my book There and Back There Again to your Facebook messenger bot.  I hope you got it.  You’ll love it!
why did you kill my “katheryn” after vulnerable soul?
Why don't you start to release stress and being feeling alone in korea after concert? There are lots of traditional food and must-see .

-one of biggest fan...
MOMMMMM I LOVE U 

I love u
i love my two mommies
Katy, we really enjoyed your performance tonight , thank you for coming to Taiwan. You are truly one of the inspiring role model to us !!
i ship it
Me to
u can say that again! on my way home from company i listened your songs that i got power thanks to u!
