American Idol is horrible this year has Katy Perry on there. BOYCOTT the show. Katy Perry is a MONSTER trying to take advantage of those poor nuns like that. Katys just pure EVIL.
Please don't tell a story us
I

L
O
V
E

Y
O
U

M
O
M
 Katy Perry is the best
How is Satan, katy?
Spoiler Alert!! YOUR so wrong to keep Michelle..Layla should have been the one who stayed. I'm glad we get to vote and not YOU for the finalists!!
Here’s to you 
Are you a fan Katy Perry?
You made a mistake with Layla! They are all good though. 
You picked the right people to stay
My room is free and liberating ya/ll
How can you put so much on "being a woman in this time" and keep Garrett over Effie?? He didn't outperform or outsing her WORST performance.
It all about joy coming
Good
I really love you three.  Great show!!  I’m glad the show returned with three wonderful singers.
Woo whoop I won the lot!
You are a breath of fresh air on Idol. Love your personality..
I do adimaya u
Imma just say its a beautiful day in south philly. Yeaaaa boyyyy
I read the next tweet Katy.....
Enjoy 

Evilcharlz



What?
Oh .....And HOT  as hell.... u..
HUGE mistake not giving the last spot to Layla Spring Yes Catie with all her "dopeyness" will make better TV but Layla would have gone far - fan favorite. Catie needs to hope that Vote For The Worst comes back online You guys BLEW that one
Oh.....And HOT as Hell......
Your awesome katy...
How many signatures do we need to bring Layla back? #bringlaylaback Sign my petition and share! 
https://chn.ge/2H93hKV  #bringlaylaback
Katy you are truly fabulous person and I am totally blown away with you keep it up wowing me
I Love You
I read ... I'll pretend that nothing happened 
As a dad this is not a show I enjoy
Sorry. I'm done with  @AmericanIdol . No longer watching.
I hate u 
Charm 
Oi te amo
NOTICE MEEEEEEEEE AAAAAA
bish i already spoiled myself and it doesn’t air until Wednesday & Thursday here in Latin America lmao 
pleassee come to Cape Town 


It's ok...Edit is going on...God is watching us
Love u love u 
CALL GAGA UP AND ORGANISE A COLLAB

Read the tweet before I watched. Dang it. Lol
okay i’m blocking you


Collab with @ladygaga pls
I seen the spoiler before I seen the warning not to look at the spolier #AmericanIdol

LIKE/RETWEET/POST! 
ARTIST: @anikaaaamusic
PRODUCER: @ajistall https://soundcloud.com/anika-k/alone-prod-tmhwks …
Unfortunately there is only 1 #American Idol and choices had to be made. It must of been a very difficult decision by you and the other judges to which we applaud you for it
Come on @katyperry @laylaspring is a star
i’m deceased. i was literally watching the results as you tweeted them. queen of spoiling.
https://youtu.be/f3Kr-jdcSIU  
ILY SO MUCH MOMM

Lança o próximo Mv do witness mulher

MAHAL KITA! 
Okay
Tell Mary i want to meet her too!
it was unfortunate

Is it okay that Katy + Gaga is KaGa? Thoughts?
I will provide email and social media marketing see https://twitter.com/Mgfaruk2/status/983391823312781312?s=19 …
NOTIFS OFF  HERE IS THE QUEEN OF TWEET AGAIN
Wont read the next tweet, not that much interested  
Somebody tell Katy Perry to lay down and go to sleep. It's 1:45am. With her fine ass..
you're almost in the same time zone as me
Katy i love you 
De los mejores...
Es @manuelnegrete22 el que hizo el mejor gol de la Primera División del Futbol Mexicano, en la Temporada 1984/85 Cuartos de Final @PumasMX 2-0 @ClubPueblaMX y ahora protagonista en lo que será…
HARE UNO DE TI CON LIONEL Y LUKE AER SI ME PESCAI MARACA CHAO
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
I want that American idol never finish. .only because of the livestreams on early morning 
whats a dvr??  never heard of her
#TuesdayThoughts 
#Jesus great massage
My mom forgot to DVR it for me! 
Thanks for the heads up.
I LOVE YOU THANKS FOR THE SHOUTOUT LAST NIGHT
KATY, SUCH A SPOILER
why would you put the spoiler alert maybe just wait till we all see it bc now you've said spoiler we're gonna see it now
TIENE QUE SER UN DIBUJO DE AMERICAN IDOL PARA QUE ME PESQUES ?
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
we love spoiler alerts
phone going off 
Aaa ok
Miss u
Okay
SI IGUAL ME QUEDO LINDO YA
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
It’s part of the show but it’s hard  we know
You are amazing
ok, the last two I didn't watch yet
I love u bye
I’m an edgy teen I do what I want
MAMAAAAAAAA
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
American idol makes me emotional :(((
Ah chega eu não vou ficar acordado por conta de american idol mas te amo ta?
Love youuuuuuu please follow me on insta katyperrysnaps
MOM PLEASE
@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
I bet it is so hard to make that choice
Visit :- http://www.jagatgururampalji.org 
it’s okay bb
Collab with godga
Wig
Hi

