But, do you believe in life after love?
Yes
Love is all around you and the world. Look at 
In another way on my personal views i feel love is a natural give that generated from soul which no man or woman can see but believes
Please i want to be very clear about this article,how can love believes in humans perspective?
@MelanieLBBH
Perfect
Some people dont no what love is until they have felt love ,my lass @JenMoralee had never known love until i came along and she was married 13 years 
So encouraging...no body calls me a katycat though....maybe I m called a katyfan or katycasper...beautiful words u said Katy!!
Es verdad

Oh
Oh
@zyiko3012 #TeamJesus @sthandwe13 @JJosephkamenya @JustinYotto @veraj0817 @burale1 @aref4950 @BBC @acamire @Ernie0637 @ed_lamon @BVB @AP @AntonyRugui @FVChurchAuburn @micmac6 @CNN @GloryofGodtv @trinitysfaith @Eph_522 "As for me, I will MEDITATE on YOUR PRECEPTS" Psalm 119:78
Amen.
@Blessinglifee Why do you  say so
i love you queen 
I love you mom
 Love You Katy Perry 
I don't believe in love
Hi  Katy party my sister loves You
LIFE AS SAME FOR LOVE...is to Be lived...every second of Life.
Oh shut up
"@katyperry: 

even when you don’t believe in love, love believes in you. "  
Didn’t she say “canibalism got a bad rap?” Or was that the other sick freak Miley? @katyperry I hope selling your soul was worth it. You cant take your fame with you when you die!


In the criminal justice system, sexually based offenses are considered especially heinous. In New York City, the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad known as the Special Victims Unit
Love will always find you. You are a shimmering star, warm passionate and bright. Keep shinning!
true
Good
And you're right.
true..., yet,,, It's all about waiting
Dance with @ladygaga And beat @michaeljackson at dancing!
Love me back 
God is love
Your beautiful inside and out 
I love u
If one of the most powerful woman in USA can't do something, nobody can.. You have 109M followers, please talk!!! It isn't war, it's genocide.
#Siria #USAyourindifferencekillsthem
I  needed this 
Chong @vnzv2 it

I fucking love you
I believe in vodka and vodka believes in me!
i love u so much mommy
@ShawnMendes 
That’s why katycats love you , even though i as katycat won’t and never will be in your concerts , i’m still hoping someday i want to meet you. Is there any katycat feel the same like this?
https://open.spotify.com/track/2gTYVoQCUh0QNUaFix01ld?si=V2ehluharrueacpiyvsp6w …

https://open.spotify.com/user/spotify/playlist/37i9dQZF1DX0XUsuxWHRQd …
9ish years ago I made a bet that by the time I reached the age of 35 I would have either had a heart to heart conversation with Kathryn Hudson or I'd owe my guy 2k. Not sure why 2k.. but yah. Sooo Kathryn! :D Wanna help me win a bet!? 3:) I'll make it sooo worth ur time! 4Realz!
Love makes you upset
Katy my name is Danielle I always wanted to meet u and just adore you I watch American idol and I have a huge crush on you I’m also 25 years but look 13
so true
I'm sorry to do this to u Kitty Kat! 3:) #lies LoLz So I have a bet to win and very lil time! #WerksBetterUnderPressure  ! I'll totally give u a bright shiny nickle Maybe even a buffalo 1 if u reach out to me! :D It's a 2k bet.. Lolz Negotions start at 90% me 10% u. Counter? O.o
perfect love casts away all fear there is no fear in love god is love barrack obama is an abomination michelle is a man bye
be a man serve satan youre my project love you babe missed you muuuuah say halleluhia preach sing psalms 91 for the holy ghost one time bless
katy give me a car god loves you so much youre wasting your potential little q tip star eat a dick money get off my elbow dwayne johnson u rub me the wrong way
I love you soo much princess aww come here sweetheart lets meet at a queer bar and quief into teacups then put them back on the bar q tip star i know youre something else
lay yours down you have to let go of it i know youre a satanist i know youre the real deal you made a real deal contract with the devil dont be afraid to creep feels goodnight
it was nice meeting you can I have job gimmmmmme a no no more stop tobacco no offence my defense is scripture its sharper then any two edge sword repent
a minimumwage job im a prophet i make cents till i finish college then im p diddy for sure no wait clark kent well kept in the tent not the dome my bed goodnight kathryn hope
get on disability silly get a real job perfect peace whos mind is stayed on him vengence is his im from checkoslavakia can I come talk to ya im from chicago i have
enjoy your show the kingdoms not a roll on the hits the six thrice manuer vice city cop im not zach signing off I love you cuz of my love of him god is why i volunteer to u peace
keep your relationship with god on the low are you thats how you know that youll be on the right the kingdoms none of your homes jesus gonna say I never knew u no homo
I HOPE there is hope in YOUR LIFE. Ill be in a homeless shelter before I join helter skelter. enjoy your haunted house psycopath jesus loves you hes comming back in a snap
or kathryn depens on whos in the bathroom if theres a ninja star their you are sodomite and gomorrah going goodnight could blow em up tonight im god zach alriiight
tht theyre horus code kissed a frog and turned prince of peace im the time keep and watch says 23 unique what does 9 have to do with this equation rhyme katy
enough watch tne signs shell regret not singggging for meee when eternity chimes her way all day when the sickel is ripe and the firmament dries up theyl all wish
im innocent and they snuffed me im blowing people up im a heavy weight im god wake up theyle all be in tears in 7 years when my territory is the mountain of olives
and her bangs every hair is numbered she doesnt have a clue what im capable of im the man in the sky zach shes bi cuz she doesnt want to believe im enough
shes lazy dont wanna work at a bank certainly circling the mountain shel regret saying no thanks to one who invented banks not me who do you think gave her her hands
zach tell her to repent to the elite deals with snuff dealers pedophiles theaters of elites paying her to saw threw babies one at a time through thy lenz through MY LENZ
and she knows it hold it against her like its a conspiracy thory or something even tho she doesnt sing but says are they crazy cuz they 100 percent present little babies
turn to drugs just for b  i   ish you better run katies in for a lake if she thinks im playing shel regret this get shelve fists cannibalistic shes well fed she initiates initiates
zach theyre all turned out now run most but not all ball some turn inward codies another one who acts real agressive but secretly craves alcohol so they become alcoholics
she protects secret societies the tricks on her she fell every model is call girl theyve call him pervy daves house not alexander the great illumaunaughtys brantford page zach
theyle protect kathryn shes an elite tool used for stool sampling isnt that right chocalate mouth forget victorias secret leave him out theyre not tall enough crotches soft
when the colaspe happens when i come back and heal nay ahhhem when i say hey elite then sneeze when i say boo to boogey man ill trap him destroy their land
just had to get a deal first that said satan happens use halleluhia and psalms 91 for a song god Im praying for kathryn son shes in grave sin shes going straight to the bottom
ask kathryn how many kids shes killed and if she thinks I dont know about the napkins zach your circling the mountain theyre her napkins she an ingenuity stripper
pyramid at a total truth 45 degree stop kid kathryn did you go to hell and see elves straight to the top kid of the glass dome that we all live zach youre circling the mountain
in the rain by the way there is no way the earth goes the other way and every secret society knows this that jabolgive got it wrong its not an inverted tropical upside down
zack make it obvious then lets get off this boaz and jabalon the two temples I meant pillars im a false prophet misogenistic radio head  club got getter i play radio head
take it for granted you could end up on the wrong side of history walk away ang get a trophy of victory put halleluhia in your speech it will trigger me ill know you saw this
hes the elected one from the kingdom of god hun get some responsibilities please get on your knees tax free and ask jesus for forgiveness its not going to be easy
im an interpretive dancer ill give you cancer dont underestimate me i can see youre unhealthy and need something else and I know a doctor who cancers a doctor who does answer
for human races i listened to k fed keven federline all shocking at all one time give me your line give me your number i need coke and speed im a nickin fiend
neu worrld orrrduahr  race war not scientific jesus comming in your room kate playing runescape evada thy hallways and staircases and demons head presenting cases
we certainly could have been blood brothers when your chemicals come out they are comming out your mouth little ali on that prison show on a n e shilling for the
oh ya the earth isnt a spin wheel you could a been my sister I coulda pinched her when she deserved it when coulda been sisters even though im a mister
listen to what im saying im saying satan influenced steve jobs to put the satan secret society logo and used his apple and thats whos paying the universe isnt real
mouth riding the books of revelations she can believe the confirmation came from me but my utilty belt wished she fell tell her thats steve job sticky nonsence
lets cut to the chase my names norbert i dont ignore girls im outta shape and depressed lately my son of man dropped in and told me to interpret for katy call her chocolate
like a man. i wanna seduce you toots cuz you have no fruit you produce volunteer somwhere diaper smelly underwear whatever you wanna call it rediculous toots :) bye bbs
I should know let me on the phone youre beautiful meet me at a show well beat some people up at the little lady paying she was saying she was praying just because we can
because youre all puppets and were performers and we dont even know peewee doing doughnuts while im doing gay porn at least i got a job im a pilate club owner
cant trust her shes just a sold out actress sold out something you broke my heart your stomac couldnt handle that you give me goosebumps when I look directly in your eye
I produce fruit you produce tooth decay go away from the hag she toots she looks good but its an insurance scandle lets see whats under the hood she from the hood
possem isnt god awesome grow some  balls home alone and tales i need chuck liddells number katy LIVES IN CATACOMBS CALIFORNIA COCKTAILS
bisvh ill even tell you you look ehausted without niki flossing is she in the closet is her family possessed are they so called demonic its spiritual warefut hunny ur playing
youre wrong kathryn hope hudson id slit my wrist to get a taste of your velumptuous dickie short strap jock i mock cocks I call em hot dogs ill splita your wrists for your watches
ur moms cee ar oh tea cee H  elaborate on a dick then split cannabis gave tits estrogenic selective hearing Selective im hearing screech demons i hate you 4 ignoring me baby boo
a dope ive watched her perform im a miracle micheal  jackson youre a little worm without satan you would be on a farm or at home mowing lawns cuz my favourite showed be on
in an ambulance and then im dead. Hey do you want to meet in toronto we could meet up and sing songs of hope. thats the bait of satan ill give you strep throat cuz your moms
when you know the earth is a dome. He will you keep you in perfect peace whos mind is stayed on him..God wants to keep me accountable I did cocaine you silly goose give me head in
kathryn hope hudson. GOD has BIGGER plans for you. Get on disability silly. Im so horny will you sleep with me. big hug for you in jesus name. Youre walking on sunshinw
Even though nobody loves me, I still love them..
We believe in you, you believe in us.
 We are love  @katyperry
Nuns believe in you.

And I love you 

I'm about to get in trouble please don't get me in any I have to run now. Over I think I'm about to get in trouble for lobbying.
But this is the way I intend to find the true meaning of earth means well I'm okay how are 2 bets that I can annoy you till you pee yourself when your tripping on shrooms which I couldn't find so I went to the library and bought a hallway. That's cheaper than tripping sideways
I like weed. I think it would be cool to try smoking weed in the name of peace on earth good weed for man. But I don't know where to buy a gram. So I ran to my truck stop and got menthol cigarettes before they sold out thinking green was best in any nuts case. Maryjanezillions
That's Fallon for now over and about. King of nothing player in no games lover of sportsman and sportswoman ship and Fallontines Tinys and some kind of end to war. Turmoil in peace not looking in my reflector beam and becoming floatzilla vs Goshjeepers we need change. Weed
Whatever planet this is were on I don't know if it's really called earth what do you think earth should be renamed to I think rotatiaflotwateryboatzandsarsbigcarsstarsglassesjarsnotmarsbutmaybecoffeecrisperenia
Katy I believe in love I believe And to love and to be extraterrestrial and out of this world like you, I can't barely talk to friends because I'm heart broken all the time. I see you in a world of war struggling without enough room
Yeah true talk oo
God is Love 
Hey Katy, is it true you talked to a French radio station about human meat and your experience eating it? I can’t stop thinking about the article. Seriously PM me
Te amo 

Love it
Aww
Katy, what is going on with that convent?
Are you being kinda selfish?
It sounds like you are...
I am sorry to say the word love has not much of a meaning to me. My major depression keeps getting in the way.
Proove it
#DeleteFacebook
hope #your#destiny #true#believe#love#come#your#way#dont#fooled#by#players#think#wisely#dear#god#faith
Thats so true!
I believe in you
Oh yeah, I'm going to the vet for an animal, not sure if the Dr or the vet "mixes" better fella potions, have not figured that part out yet
If you believe in love, then why are you intent on throwing an old nun out of her home? The bishop or whoever closed that deal didn’t have the authority. Shame on you. She’s a very old nun. And penniless. Go find another house. You can afford it. Don’t be so selfish.
Who is love, I'd really want to meet them.
even when you believe in loves , it breaks
@katyperry
New new
Well...Please keep me in your prayers, Katie if you can? Please send some prayers up for me to have my true love finally find me, it is long overdo, I am a huge fan, peace and love Angelbaby.
https://rover.ebay.com/rover/0/0/0?mpre=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebay.com%2Fulk%2Fitm%2F192501383136 …
WAWeeeéeeeeeeeeeeeee
The one most essential emotion to mankind.
That's because love is the language of the Universe ... .
love love love
Ohhh bless! Thanks so much, Iyanla!
So true!
:)
Inspirational Katy Katt.
@katyperry praying for you today.
Look to the ultimate, Jesus, not the immediate. Jesus will satisfy your soul in ways you couldn’t believe possible. XO Bless you!
hot & cold style...
Do u believe in love??
Jesuschrist Is http://Love.So  he said I will neever abandon thee I will never leave thee comfortless I will send thee the comforter.Which is the spirit of truth,wich will guide thee unto ALL truth and bring thee unto the rememberance Unto all the the
I believe in you.All the time.
Beautiful inspiring words about love...
Love will withstand everything.
blessed be
And sometimes love finds its way to those who felt like love was never going to be true and that love was not for them. Love is felt near and far, but in rare cases, love is so strong, no one can stop feeling it. 13 E.T.
Would you grow your hair long again after witness era?  

Thank you, babe 
I love you 
Right
Can't wait to see you concert katyyyy in jakarta 
Really want to dance with Johnny Depp to Kendrick Lamar and sza, "all the stars"
The Alien Has Landed. He is an Interbred Grey Alien.
say you work forShowalters and a few trailers that start w C "for their benefit only"
One day only if you can
please follow me one day only
Although Love only believes in those that believe in Love. 

p.s. make this into a song pls
-Juco


Yes Katy I believe in your love. Because you change my life.
Deep
Actually isreal is the correct answer
Pea cock what is this world gonna come too ?ISREAL!
Eu já disse que eu amo você???? #AmericanIdol
I hope so :3
Tell us how “human flesh” taste like. Since you are so pro cannibalism on the human body!
Yang mau tiket @katyperry please contact me. Ada 1 tiket bronze yang mau gw jual.
debatable
So true Katy!
That's trurth. Goddess
