
Now this video is a masterpiece.....and also hilarious...l like it...honestly!
How do you really feel about #TrevorHolmes Both professionally and personally?
I feel bad though that he didn’t make it to the top 24
Hey
What is Instagram?
I think it’s a popular dish in wherever she is rn
im impressed


она ящерица
Phahahahahahah))))
Shook
it’s 5am there where you are, what are you doing gurl?
Lol 5:21AM
i know i was approximating
Lol sorry I know it's just I'm going through that sort of know-it-all mood bc she's here in the Philippines 
Hate you x
Omg same 
Timezones 
I love KATY LOTS 
té super!!  ma  parole  belle femme
I can't wait to see what you do next. You make me laugh every episode. #krazykatykat
Love your eyes Katy

Nice
Beatyfull  My loveeeeeee 
Here's a story, of a lovely lady...
Yup i remember the frog voice :3

no offnese but im jelly..
Hi my first http://tweet.how  y'all let all the artists,go like that?
is there a chance to see the show live in Central Europe? those 3 jurors are so sympathic to me that i start watching such show´s (shure mostly cause of caty  :) 
(but on the other hand i´m a liar too :) 
You have alot to learn. Send home alaine hardy and keep ava vox or spans girl give me a break. Stop being jealous of the singers your act 2.
i never grow up too.
i love that words .  and you say it long ago.
Get well soon
Avasarama niku
But Thaddeus
I just so love you @katyperry
Still need Brandon elder.  He should never had been sent home.  He was awesome. Big mistake AI.
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982893464806395905 … 2299
Are you Viking lovers ? 
Perfect gift for your family members and friends
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1tzcY1 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1tzcY1 …
You are so sweet 
Hello my sweet heart darling lovely katy perry this is my babe denny and then i "ll be get confirmation from in the advertising billboard jkt indonesia do you come to live on concert at April 12 th 2018 is that correct my sweet heart katy perry could you please tweet for me ?
You guys are nuts!  Letting @lainehardy_ go, best vocalist on the show and you guys sent him packing.
yeah i love Katty Perry thank YOU for thinking about me
https://youtu.be/7h5XdhcF-Xw  this guy has more talent
Beautiful
I must be honest and admit I was very hesitant when I hear you would be one of the judges on @AmericanIdol  this year, but I must say you are fabulous.....never really knew much about you before but now I am one of your biggest fans, love you Katy and your great hairdo & colors.
U let the wrong guy go in American Idol
#Katy Perry, when can we go out. Dying to meet you. # You are so hot
Minha lindaAmoooo
I'm sorry with that hair and make up, I thought it was miley cyrus, I can't tell them apart. Katy is so pretty with her dark hair, this doesn't suit her.
Thanks, @katyperry - for being so real on the show!  You are a positive addition to the family of @AmericanIdol  You seem truly invested.
Ada brought down the house with "Creep" this season of Idol is amazin' the panel is so good too!
Lane was better Shame Shame Katy
Love this season! Great panel of judges. I have not watched, since the first few American Idols but this new season is on fire! Love you all!
Hi Katy! You look great. Sending you a lot of blessings 
Miley Cyrus wanna be much?
I adore you, you are an great entertainer and can be a great support for women. You are being too hard on these girl talent. They need your encouragement. Bring them love, Katy.
you are so drop dead gorges no need for makeup!!
Katy.. the 15 yr old singing something got a hold on me..
omg.. Janis Joplin..  shake your hair girl... like the guys said change nothing... u were amazing amazing singer a d entertainer..... love her..
so much competition .. but she is a stand out performer.. 

.
Just fyi. You are doing great On idol
I love watching you on American Idol.All three of you judge's fit so good together.
WTF - Thadeus out???

Michael Woodard!!!
your so stunningly gorgeous


RE: sexism I love that Katy always reminds us that there are quality men out there who believe inequality. This sweeping social change men get lumped together with the visable mysoginy of our brothers. It makes it easier to work with our brothers to change when we have support

loved it. Still awake all night and didn't sleep all day but it was so cute Thanks
Cute pictures
I love you. I love your face.
http://www.redmeheddub.com 
Which one is your "I just committed sexual assault" face? Bottom right?

KimJnelson 32
Stop trying to steal spot light and y’all sent one wrong person home ...(Brandon Elder)
How do u do that? Smh..
You are truly amazing Katy. Love you! Never knew you before seeing you on idol but I’ve fallen in love
Love love love the Katy, Luke, Lionel judge combination this time. You guys are totally awesome

Bsr
Out of all of the contestants that have made it thus far how come they all don't get the same coverage? for example you have one young lady by the name of Christine that hasn't been seen none except for her initial performance 
Wow Katy! you're so pretty...
Gorgeous!
1 Personal quest - which person does you love most???

Coole Frau
How do you feel about the rating procedure?
hahaha.. crazy smile
I love you all all three of you are very down to earth
Reptilians
I don't be afraid to catch Feels..
Or an STD.

#BanPunishAMuslimDay
#BanPunishAMuslimDay  #BanPunishAMuslimDay
#AmericanIdol
that's my girl.
l LOVE YOU KATY
Has her smart on the set. Nice!
Love the job that you, Lionel and Luke are doing on this season's American Idol.
You are my idol!
i love you balik ka dito sa pinas!!!
So you can sexually assault someone on TV and still get to keep your job eh? Must be nice.

Loved your response to Caberet last night!!! He sang with such passion!!!
@katyperry I'm just confused though why is @AmericanIdol on @etc_channel always repeating only one episode? Is it just me? It airs every Sat Mon & Tue at 3 & 6 & 8PM in Manila. whyyyyyyy
Lol
How sad I didn't make it. Poor internet connection here in the Philippines. 
Katy you @LionelRichie @LukeBryanOnline are the absolute best judges! So fun, genuine, & down to earth! You all have picked best talent in YEARS! Idol is FUN TO WATCH again!

Wasn’t able to be there live, but I’m watching now!!!
#AmericanIdolfan #SweetHomeAlabama @LionelRichie @katyperry

Wow
Hello
Watching AI here at home with MOm.. while ur doing ur concert right now in  #Manila #Philippines #WitnessTheTourMNL #AIONETC
Ok, I LOVE YOU KATY PERRY.
Katy, This show has shown me your heart and who you are, where before I let media decide for me. It is sad how MSM diminishes people for views. Love this show and  you. Great job!
I love your antics @katyperry at @AmericanIdol 
.
Wowwwwwww
Katy your such a pretty lady xx
Yeah

Hi house am new here
 you’re so funny
Elton John should be in the center box, I wonder if any one would notice, or if anyone thought April fools had something to do with it.
tao linda meu amo te amo meu bem

My crush #KatyPerry 
Love u
Please regrow your hair. Short doesn’t suit you.

Sorry, every time I try to watch you anymore Katy, I just see Your BFF HILLARY'S face and my stomach kinda turns... nah girl.
Sei straordinaria OK! Bellissima Donna. Roberto
 lovely
kool
Not a fan anymore
grow your hair out long again
Loving you on AI. And im a picky bitch. ha
Good times 
im excited for your concert tonight @airyeelkhem 
welcome to manila
Best judges ever on American Idol!!! Brought a breath of fresh air to us all!
Hello
Happy Easter Katy !

I love how authentic, kind and humble  you are! You're an incredible judge!
You are simply the best!
Bring smelling salts next time your perform live because at this point you are unrecognizable.  Try not to faint again!!!!  And try not to choke the chicken nugget!!!!

agreed
What done happened to you?!!!!  Next time you sell your soul to Lucifer please read the terms and conditions!!!!

7 num is love
Congratulations on self made LIVE caption-exposure! Turned out alright.
You know I just love you! You’re an amazing woman keep it up I would if I could do all for all...I think you do it so keep it up...I really love you and all your great karma...If you need a vending machine call me haha
10 Signs @katyperry Have Too Much Money
https://trendingtopicsallhere.blogspot.in/ 
Girl don’t you ever deliver good news to me haha!  just the worst 
You are impressive with your “girl next door” lovable personality! 
Katy!!!!!!
Q:  Is math related to science?
Whos your favorite so far? Who do you relate to most? #americanidol
Different emotional quotient.  U cud b good at hollywood
Hey Katy follow me
It’s 30 mins past 8, and still waiting. Wya?
HEY BISH YIU DIDN'T REPLY US WITH OUR QUESTIONS
you* wig
Katie I don't know how you guys are going to vote they are also good the little girl with the big family she's got a grown up voice I love all of them I can't pick one good luck and happy Easter
Will you ever come back to Nashville?
Where is my wig???
MY LOVE KATHERINE
Katy haciendo genial el show
I wish I could go to your show in Guadalajara
YASS
It’s time!!

And we have to keep pushing really hard trough facebook and twitter for thisdudestop saying bad things aboutmeandfor stop saying that am fraudsterbecause many times I tried to leave that jobandthe countryandthroughmygirlhemadeit impossibleweshouldremainhimtha

Wow!  You are so amazingly Beautiful, Katy!!  
