SERIOUSLY. You just can't stand it when you aren't the center of attention. Isn't that the second time you split your pants this season?  Hmm... Speaking of respect, maybe you ought to have some for the artist performing in front of you. Losing more respect for you each show.
Grow up Katy.
Why would she?
Go figure
Go listen to Act my age
What did she say? She blocked me  wtf
Omg, me too! What an immature thing!
I'm so glad you 3 came to an executive decision and got Ada in the top10..she's/he's awesome..wonder if America is ready for trans genders?? Why not:)
Katy Perry, you're my favorite, I bet that fuckin outfit was exspensive, I'm not expensive  lol
that's so funny
i luv ur laugh,
@katyperry  i always watching american idol you are so pretty 
This video i could watch it over and over Lional's reaction such a classic #imCRYING
... and oh what a lovely tushy you have my dear ...
Seriously-Effie didn’t make and other iffy singers did?  Weak
What happened, Katheryn?
Funny
I feel like I spank your butt whole day. It's so soft and lucrative.
This woman is so embarrassing....not funny  at all.I feel sorry for the other two fellow judges who are such gentleman.And the station  paid her 25 million for this kind of behaviour
Then dont follow her shes great!!
You REEEALLY need to go back to your previous hair!
@LionelRichie @LukeBryanOnline @AmericanIdol I felt bad 4 @MaddiePoppe that time 2 acknowledge her performance was overshadowed by B.S. I've always AI but didn't tune in 4 The Katy Perry Show.  please  stealing the spotlight & let it shine where it belongs: On the Contestants
you are so funny katy
It's a wonderful harassment
Daaaaang Girl !!!! That was Cra Cra Crazy !!!!
nasty
I really can't stand your politics and wasn't going to watch AI this year because of you.  But I did and I must admit that you are doing a good job.  Still can't stand your politics, though.
It hardly matters that wardrobe malfunction took infront of  audiences.
But only issue is that whether people generate empathetic feel on WM or they enjoy to seeing that.
your participation as the judge of american idol show me a different perception about you.i like your humility, emotion, sense of humor and your positive attitude towards the contestant thank you. nice hair style
Hahahahaha Katy that is gold
You should react better to a situation like that. You are suppose to be a role model. I can’t understand why Luke and  Lionel would even want to continue with you. I thought you were a better than the stuff you do on that show and you think it’s funny. Shame on you.
. Lionel Richie’s response tho!  It’s priceless!
unedited version - please

Katy Perry made a new fan this year! Funny, bold, beautiful and a little bit crazy. I am a 63 year old guy and love me some Katy Perry!! Don't change a bit Ms Katy.
Dead
ASSUME FLOWER THAT LOVES JOHN SOON AND HE IS THE ONLY ONE THAT TAKES YOU AWAY. TM THINGS I ONLY MY LOVE CAN MAKE AND YOU DO NOT. ENGOLE AND ACCEPT THAT AT LEAST I GUARANTEE YOU. WANT MORE CLASSROOM? I WILL REPEAT I WILL REPEAT CARE OF YOUR LIFE
Just Fun . We all love you Katy . Ha Ha <3  <3  <3 Everything is perfect
I am waiting to see your live on Xfinity http://page.It 's 11:23pm now at here. I am still waiting for you. <3  <3 <3 4pm of US is equal to 2:30 am in our country . Can't wait to see tomorrow. <3 <3
No. Uh, why don't you let things go when it's time to go?
Let it be said that @katyperry isn’t afraid to be the butt of her own jokes.    It’s nice to see Katy Perry ass-cend to great humor.    I always wondered if Katy Perry had a split pants-onality.  ...okay that last one was reaching.
So now you eat human flesh? Really? So young and so many bad choices already. You are a slave a carnival freak show. Sickness among us.
PS the HRC video is out on the dark web............another canibal "Faceoff"

Lol
Beatyfull 

Shame on u, you were my favourite singer but from now onwards you are amongst the worst...
What the...!!!
Amazing
Your just such a perfect fit for American Idol. Adore you Katy and your a great judge too. Thanks for keeping everything so real...and just so you know I don't like Taylor either Lol 
Finally actually watched this episode... feeling bad since I haven't seen the rest.. Unfortuantley I only have so much time! :( So.. My first thought was Ada... Then Marcio.. And then Mara. They all shine... LoLz Hard choices... But I got em all right! 3:) 

#HaveYouFoundHimYet ?
How could y'all do Effie like that though? She could have literally won!
Love it
Idiot

Tape your butt. Lol
O 
m
g
haha!!
CHECK OUT OUR STORE:
http://stores.ebay.com/ideadstocksnkrz 
100% WORRY FREE SHOPPING!
EVERYTHING’S 100% AUTHENTIC!
SAME DAY SHIPPING! 
I surely think U need to explain why Ada/Adam was chosen in girl side on elimination night. He never declared he was Transgender, but a drag queen. Disappointed in Idol, this show is destined to fail..Adam is talented, but it was how it was done.shame on Idol.He took a girl slot
Ariana is releasing No Tears Left To Cry this friday!!!! buy & stream!!
Do your followers get a uncensored look too like your audience? 
Love your outfits Katy! Sparkle on!
Please RT my pinned tweet for kidney
you are “My Idol” on my bucket list to meet you ! You are hilarious!
What's the big deal, nobody would see,it
That will teach you to eat to many currys, farrrrrt.
lol.
Vaya hermosa chica siempre pensé en tener una oportunidad para decirte q soy un gran admirador tuyo
Ya.. Saw that
Looking pretty

She’s hysterical.  What a great choice for a judge on Idol.  She knows music and she adds a lot of fun to her judging.
@katyperry can you please reply back!! This would mean me entering  virtual Backstage of Celebrity world!! Loads of Love from India... Kindly #ReloadFanLove Plz..
She's such a child, whatever.
Hillarious
love katy love
So no overweight Top 14 Katy ? C’mon man you know there are some that belong in the Top 14 & some that don’t!  Fat shaming isn’t cool. We fans all know the Drag queen is being kept for the novelty & ratings. #ShameonIdolJudges2018
Omg! Katy, did your pants really split? That was hysterical!
Fake anything for ratings that show is a sinking ship with those 3 as "So called  Judges" 
Some people never grow up! Being famous and rich certainly doesn’t require that you have class. Katy is the epitome of this. You are certainly no role model for the youth of today. $25,000,000 just shows how stupid the Idol producers are.
مسح
سكس
That woman has no class, remove her! Stop laughing at her lack of dignity!  Don't people know how to behave when kids are likely watching?
There you are!
I can't breathe omgg you are crazy girl

I'M SCREAMING JDKDKDJDKDK
The haters are going to hate BUT I love you on Idol.... I find u to be a real person, funny as hell and the 3 of you make me keep watching Idol.
What a disaster you turned out to be.. Acting like a 5 yr old.  No wonder the show has such low ratings .
Nice
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @thesmokeroom
I love you so much
Mom
This was a great episode. I'm so happy with this season and all changes.
Katy. Please stop attracting attention to yourself and stealing it away from the contestants!!!!!
You so fkn wack!
What is so funny? more like, REALLY? GET SOME CLASS!!!  This is why we watch the voice. Entertaining and funny without the shallowness. Let's not give up on her, Let's hope she can show she is more than this.
So fun!
You are so fun!
I watch just because you are so freaking funny Katy.  LMBO always and a good distraction from my mom passing away this past Thursday thank you .
still can't believe this is happen to my life   hope u will come back to my country indonesia. ahhhh you hug me   i love you so much mommy
Your so funny you made me cry 
You bring so much fun & laughter to this show! Thank you so much for your amazing sense of humor! Just love you!!
I'm glad you'll be the reason that American idol officially dies.
Omg I can’t stop laughing
Oh dear you are the funniest
I AM OVER HERE BECAUSE YOU JUST  ED THE ENTIRE AMERICAN IDOL  #AmericanIdol #moonedbykaty #sofunny #dvr
Si a ti no te va... menos a mi 
You should have been kicked off show for sexual assault! Shame on you.
You are hilarious i wasn't a music fan but your PERSONALITY MAKES ME WANT TO LISTEN #americanidol #newfan #love
Did u @LukeBryan @LionelRichie @RyanSeacrest @AmericanIdol seriously let @EffiePassero go!? Seriously over the high schooler with the flipping hair (no offense) seriously will not b voting now mayb it was u forced her to sing country Or ur splitting pants

You’re the best American Idol judge the show has ever seen!
Nice one idol hahahaha
I love you girl
I love you beautiful dork 
Minha idola e tao louva quanto eu @bialouurenco
Ela é dms
Big mistake not keeping effie
You Can Look But You Can’t Touch Her Butt...Do it Now..!!
Katy DAT was nasty but funny
Kathy and Lionel God Bless You both! Lionel is always protecting you like a “Father” , you guys are so funny!

From the headquarters of the #WhiteHelmets who reported D alleged #chemicalatack in #Douma Meet them & take your conclusions Desde la base de los #CascosBlancos q reportaron el supuesto ataque…
Anything for ratings. HOMEWOOD SUCKS
Why are you still on this show? You're a trashy disgrace with no class. I kinda want @PaulaAbdul back... hell, I'll take @SimonCowell. Honestly, anyone will do.

I love u bae You are the best judge and singer ever KATY WON'T ACT HER AGE
Bonjour Katy Perry[ ]
This is the first year I’ve really have enjoyed the show since it’s started from the beginning you all are so funny and encouraging at the same time such positive feed back even if some of the singers don’t do so good for once idols got the right judges
It’s looks like @taylorswift13 delicate music video blue dress she shaded her again yes queen

@katyperry please bring back @shannonohara  as a wild card , I am sorry I don't agree with @garrett_jacobs_  in the top 14 , shannon is way far better choice, @garrett_jacobs_  may have the look , but he doesn't have the voice
@katyperry is a awesome woman with so much character,  she has a heart of gold , love her to death
what a beautiful culture 
Katy thanks for making us laugh, it actually helps put the contestants at ease as it breaks the tension - thanks for being real
the splitting thing rocks the show.. It's epic. Aside from the best duet acts.. Amazing! All for love 

The underarm part is torn as well. Funny lovely cute Katy
I love you Katyyyyyy
Haha @katyperry damn girl. Freaking funny
anjo
che zoccola

Good And Bad
Want de hell
Practikal end helpful attire. There wil be not problem witch g....  Katy looks as always enchanting. 
Hello
Don't you want to write good songs instead ?
Mom
Haha Katy her pants is splitting 
You do not have to show me your hi knee to make me love you princess just sing to the Heavens.. Amen
 i love you
ur always so funny
Omg @Katyperry but omg what happened to the Kentucky Girl She should get to come back she should be at the top not sitting at home watching her career on TV????
I cant believe you guys let that freak through. Really!!!!
Crazy woman lol
love you
So sorry Effievwas picked
You got all wrong tonight! #AmericanIdol #IdolDuets

Gaf tape
Please, remove the logo sis
Felizmente amo a pessoa certa 
Is that a sticker or real pant slitting
You sent trash through way more talent than that he she !!!!!
Good to have little fun katie perry you . Got good    gorgeous  body  on you .  You . Have . Mmmmmmm
grt
Mmmm ...

You crack me up
What was the designer of the daisy outfit you had on last night?  You looked beautiful!
MY LOVE RASTA 1LOVE JAH BLESSINGS
SHOULDA TAKEN SHANNON OVER GARRET #bringbackShannonOHara
i love u my beAutiful sweetheart
Katy I LOVEthat pink lip gloss for tonight.. ??
Eu amo tanto
So happy you are wearing sparkles again!
I love u so much
LMFAO iconic
Love you Katy!!!
