i can’t believe Layla was let go. she could have won the whole thing!! @laylaspring #bringbacklayla
I'm blown away that you sent her home. I thought she would be the next Idol. Big mistake.this isn't about how many times you were turned down. This is American Idol. She was an American Idol in my eyes and I'm not alone.
Amen to that @katyperry wasn't saying thatbefore they sent 1 of The Best singers @laylaspring home! So disappointed if she was on the @NBCTheVoice this wldnt hve happened!  Please Help #Layla b'cme a Country Music  @blakeshelton 
okay me and the judges must think differently because honestly i thought that those 4 were some of the best, if not the best. no hate or anything i just find it weird that we thought differently
@laylaspring was my favorite if i’m being honest. i was rooting for you girl and i still am
Katy - the worse part is you told everyone they were awesome and did the cuts. Give better feedback during each performance so they know what to address.
Totally agree.  No honest critiques at all.
We want @laylaspring back.
Bring back Thaddeus!!
Now THAT is the truth. Thaddeus was stonecold awesome, his ouster points to Big problems with Idol agenda this season
Man that’s what I’m saying! I was so shook that some made it. And he has a good story! He was very likeable! But I’m also from OK! Lol
Layla should have made it through. You judges made a huge mistake. Bring her back as the wildcard. She is a star that is going to shine.  The 3 of you were Wrong
They are all going to be stars  
AI isn’t about who wins in the end, it’s discovering new talent and bringing them to the people. 
We haven’t seen the last of them
I agree
Crazy now I bet u never hear the word no! Everyone loves Katy perry
No, not everyone loves Katy.
NOW MAKE OUR NEXT DREAM COME TRUE AND COLLAB WITH GAGA!! #KatyXGaga
You guys were way off sending Layla home. She was the most exciting entertainer you had. I don't get it. #bringbackLaylaSpring
I'm surprised layla was let go, and catie is still going? I thought you went for voices?!
Catie has a much better voice than that Kentucky chick. Glad to see her go.
Guess your tone deaf also.
That night Catie was better than layla.. the choice of the songs are very important. The choice of Layla wasn't the best.
Catie just screams just like the rest of the contests. I'm done with idol. No wonder why the ratings are done and people hate it.
@laylaspring and @LegitDominique should've stayed. I'm not sure why they were let go. I'm so confused right now. Both of their Solos and Duets are great. I don't understand this @AmericanIdol #IDOL #AmericanIDOL
two of these five deserve better sry
You basically set up @BrandonDMusic and @TrevorMcBane to fail when you, the other judges, and the producers didn’t give them screen time during Hollywood Week! #EpicFail #AmericanIdol
No offense intended here: more screen time wouldn't have made a difference at this point in their Idol journeys cos it wasn't time for America's vote yet
But shouldn’t the viewers start voting at this point in the competition? How come we have to wait to vote now until the Top 16?
Layla should have stayed and Michele should have left.... My opinion 
Or the one who is on my last good nerve, Cady or Cadi? She has zero talent, and the judges talk about the look? What look does she have? I guarantee it’s not an Idol. She is not in the same category as with Kelly Clarkson or Carrie Underwood.
You’re tone deaf if you think that @hashtagcatie has no talent. Sheesh! She is a strong and trailblazing woman that is already a role model in her own right.
So... does that mean everyone else who has expressed the same about her on Twitter is tone def as well?  Hmmm, I doubt it, read the many other comments about her b4 u start 2 insult myself and others Mr. DeMarco.
Yes, you and the other handful of people that are without a doubt wrong about her talent. She is quirky and goofy and not your typical Hollywood Star, but she can sing and has proven it on each stage she has taken. This is the truth, Mr. Dee.
Why the condescension? I addressed you respectfully obviously u r now showing your intellect. I have my opinion and u have yours. America will decide.
Condescension? What are you talking about, sir? Ur “opinion” is one that you’re putting on a platform that a young adult could very well see and be discouraged by. Your tweets have added no value to the discussion. No constructive criticism, just hate. Ur hateful. Smh. Be ashamed
Right! I’m hateful bc I am simply speaking an opinion of truth that others were far more talented? If young adults or any individuals who perform in this type of “platform” as you referenced they better have prepared 4 worse. U r the hateful 1 and need 2 learn respect. Snow 
Huge mistake letting Layla Spring go this soon. She was the only reason I stayed in tune with American Idol this season. So much talent and grace. Hopefully you will bring her back.
Why Layla? 
IM ON THE CHAPTER 7 WTF IS HAPPENING OH GOD WHY LAYLA OH GOD BYE IM CRYING
You remember exactly how many times they said no?
How is Michelle still on idol
Becuz they want the viewers to have as LITTLE say as possible, back in the day WE were already VOTING at this point.
I would’ve kept Layla and not Michelle I think she’s better! I honestly would’ve gotten rid of Michelle a long time ago
I would have kept Layla Spring
#bringlaylaback
Bad choice to keep catie & Jonny !!!
Collab with Ari & Gaga and we're good
LAYLAAAAAA  NOOOOOO
Nice to see the positive feedback and encouragement.

Especially when it can be challenging and difficult. But it is always a learning experience too to improve for next time.
was it actually 1786 or did u just type a random number
It was disappointing to see 3 weaker singers move on while Brandon, Layla, and KayKay were sent home. I hope the exposure will help these 3 find success.
Layla was the best on the show and you got rid of her... what were u thinking
The judges made a HUGE mistake letting Layla and Trevor go!!!!!!!!  I am still in shock that Catie made it through.......NO TALENT...  I wouldn't pay to see her.
Sending @laylaspring home was a huge mistake! #bringlaylaback
@LionelRichie WHAT THE HELL? WHAT ARE YOU SMOKING? @laylaspring IS THE BEST!!! HOW COULD YOU VOTE HER OFF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#BIGMISTAKE #AmericanIdol
###wow
Layla had no business being let go over some of the other ones. She will be a huge star one day I spite if American Idol.
hearing no '1786 times before a yes' girl
1,786 wow that’s pretty specific, inspirational nonetheless
come to turkey

I really couldn't believe that you guys gave the last spot to Catie and not Layla. I feel like Catie is only being kept on the show because she's weird and "unique" her voice is average
Only reason I can think they got rid of Layla is because they only wanted one country star so they could have variety and since Gabby is slightly better than Layla in my opinion they gave her the nod. There are a lot more things that play into these decisions than just vocals
Seriously! Catie and Johny both where horrible they in there duets, I thought they where judged on that round not on there story or personality. both layla and trevor where robbed and deserve better. hope you eat ur words when Catty and Johny go home early.
why isn’t america judging right now?  certainly would have been different choices this is supposed to be “american” idol
#BringBackLayla
That's crazy! I thought @laylaspring laylcould win it all. I love all the contestants this far. Her voice is just beautiful.
Big mistake by eliminating Layla, but I cannot expect anything different from a person, who has minimal singing ability, if that, themselves. Seriously, truly pathetic in  some of your potential idol choices.
Bring back Layla Spring
That's right Layla country music needs you. It used to be full of amazing country female artist but it's not however you can make it great again
I don't know what you guys were think I know it's very hard  in picking them but you guy made the wrong choice of sending Layla spring home come on
I feel that @laylaspring is a much stronger singer than Michelle. I was very disappointed with your choices.
#BringBackLaylaSpring She was robbed
I completely disagree with Layla being cut. 
Not liking your picks last night
Have to love @katyperry so much for speaking so much truth here! You guys are phenomenal!
We want Layla 
Will no longer be watching! They eliminated some of the best. #notamericasvote
To more @BrandonDMusic  in the next few days!You are just so good and full of surprise!Cheeers!!
You ALL are amazingingly talented!! I cannot fathom how the judges made their decisions. So difficult! Thank you for letting us in on your journeys. God Speed and keep singing!!!
O cannot believe you cut Layla Spring... You know with the fans she would have went very far. Kept Catie#bringbackLaylaSpring
Bring back Brandon  #AmericanIdol
I Love You
mas ok nenhum eh fave
Trash picks #SpringFever #SaveLaylaSpring
I’m so disappointed in the outcome of tonight’s show!! Layla was top5 for sure.
@laylaspring should’ve won 100% and I’m mad

@CapitolRecords Come To Turkey For Witness World Tour we missed you TurkishKatyCats 

how'd u keep track of all those no's :O
See https://twitter.com/Mgfaruk2/status/983391823312781312?s=19 …
Diosty

LIKE/RETWEET/POST! 
ARTIST: @anikaaaamusic
PRODUCER: @ajistall https://soundcloud.com/anika-k/alone-prod-tmhwks …
thats a v specific #
Wig collab with Gaga sis
Cute
So you’re saying there’s a chance?
BITCH WHAT
Good advice Katy 
I kept following my dream (you) but u never notice me. 
I love you

@katyperry look mom i made this draw of your eye because it’s the most beautiful eye i’ve ever see and yeah i don’t speak english so that’s all lmao te amo mucho caliente fuego leche callate silencio  #katyperry …
ok
We miss layla
I have it recorded but haven’t got to watch it yet either 
Hi You are Awesome..
YES!
Brandon shined like no other! We’ll see him in bigger & better places.
Good
You guys cut @TrevorMcBane but keep Maddy who LITERALLY Sounded just like the artist and ONLY made me want to watch boogie nights.... really y’all?
What about @lainehardy_
@katyperry @laylaspring #bringbacklaylaspring
you screwed up not keeping layla. I'm done watching now  #bringbacklayla
Can’t believe Jonny was selected over LegitDominique or Brandon
Such truth to that statement Katy. Thank you @LukeBryanOnline and @LionelRichie for everything. 
You sucks katy perry....kay kay was the best singer on american idol...and you pick catie over her....are you tone deaf
@laylaspring deserved better
Bring back Layla
yes, you are famous in China. We like listen to your songs.
Gabby was much stronger with @JenniferNettles

Katie Perry I love your hair it’s amazing
Do you care about anyone's dreams but your own? Nuns have a right to their dreams too. You could purchase any property that you want but you instead you choose to crush the dreams others. I have no respect for you.
what if u become a heartbroken girl can u keep beilivin in love?
Did you really eat human meat? Tell this story on a French radio station?
You eat human flesh? Wondering about your description of it, you sick b*tch.
You knew who to put first!! #BringLaylaBack
Katy, you are such a light  and inspiration.  Love u so much! 
SOS CHARITY: like every fan is involved in "people" life adoration, my proposal is 3 years of gift of blood (help cancers, surgery in wars) to REALY meet a people during entire week ends. Billions for Charity.
Its the soul,never give up.
Yes! Swinging in the rain and more!...
Some of these people should have stayed so sad to see them go.
@laylaspring should not have been eliminated she was amazing! Way better than Michelle No one is feeling that 90s overdramatic singing and acting so cheesy. You guys are not doing them justice by not giving them good criticism . Only puffing them up when they have work to do.
Please stop scaring Catie Turner ! It HURTS TO WATCH !

Whats your favourite animal ?
Gabby barrett is good hoping she stays a while
Bring @laylaspring back! She is better than some of the ones you kept
Positively!   
@BrandonDMusic I would love to see you sing with Making Movies! It would be such a natural fit! @mkngmvs
Terrible terrible terrible decision to cut Layla Spring.  What we're you thinking?
Should’ve kept Layla.
Yall judges are doin a great job. I love how positive yall are and how entertaining you guys are as judges. My wife and i joke that your the next lucille ball or lily tomlin and lionel   to see his wisdom inspire others is heartwarming. Luke is funny and gentle
You judges don’t know what real talent is like come on
You are such a wonderful soul @katyperry
She was one of the best! I was so surprised to hear she didn't make it! She should! A voice like that, wow.
Inspiration
Had to be the dumbest move I've ever seen cutting layla spring was a lot better then some u kept.
Katy believes in Satan
really there is a lot of talent there, but it is a competition and very complete, I encourage you guys are already stars have shown that this beautiful experience fills them with understanding to continue that great dream, because if dreams come true 
Katy e seus spoilers 
Incredible words of wisdom, Katy.  I am sure they appreciated your words.  And although In the  end, there can only be one, they are all idols using this show as a catalyst to kickstart their musical careers!
yes that is good advice never give up
yes they were awesome was sad to see them go
You keep that Jonny guy who looks scared out of his mind while up on stage and you discard @LegitDominique and  @BrandonDMusic ?? What the hell? Sometimes I think people are chosen cause you KNOW they won't last til the end, making is an easier final.
@kaykaydna is more deserving than Catie
No offense. But I find shows like this can be dream killers for people, it can be really disencouraging for people to hear that they are not as good as the next person and I find that is NOT the mentality to have. You should never compare others to others. Be yourself
Bring him back as a wildcard .
His talent is amazing.
Y’all sent home the best singers and let the ones who didn’t do so hot stay! 
@katyperry @laylaspring @LegitDominique @BrandonDMusic @kaykaydna @TrevorMcBane

Only goddesses can count the number of no’s  so proud of you mom 
Should of sent kaykay through instead of Cadie. Big mistake on judges part
You counted? 
I love your Twitter statement Katie perry
Follow your hearts and dreams !
Sign my petition to bring @46Landle Layla back and share! 
https://chn.ge/2H93hKV  #bringlaylaback
Everyone was so good last night Idk how you guys were able to choose.The ending had me like OMGosh
Some of the most successful @AmericanIdol alumni where not the winners
First of all @katyperry ...My daughter and I are such huge fans! I've followed you since day 1, and my daughter thinks she's your mini-meWanted to voice my opinion about @LegitDominique ...think y'all missed out on my B'ham boy! 
#talentfordays #bringhimback
#DeleteFacebook
Ilysm
Idol

잘자요 
Great advice Katy. x
Those no’s probably came from some Evangelical whackadoodles who are close to you, not record execs cuz ur the package they all look for.
hi katy pary you are so cute ;)
I love that you show that you really care about the people and that's one of the great thing you are doing telling them not to give up on there dreams
I know it probably was one of the hardest things you have had to do telling someone it's over is a very hard thing to do I have had to do it many  of times in the Marines
Yes, mam we will keep following our dreams. Keep following you
pq vc solta spoiler assim
Love you katy..
My loveeeeeee  Katy charm  
I LOVE U SO MUCH BB
Such a legend queen

Awesome

Keep trying or she'll eat your flesh guys! That human meat .  Katy the humanoid alien , brain damaged .. sad.
Can’t wait to see you in Melbourne on your Sunday show!
I love you,miss you you are strongI’m @tigerlena_08 on instagramlove you so much @katyperry
Keep swinging 
Trust And Believe 
Yeah,listen to Katy,she know about what she talking!!
Katy Dear! You are sincerely invited to join World Freedom Federation as an Official Dues Paying Member. Your work on American Idol has been superb! Contact Me, I am your President, All the Best, @info_saint
