Heading out to enjoy the evening after being starstrucked by a discussion that was chaired by President @BarackObama himself. @ObamaFoundation is here to make waves. 
Are you referring to the same unaware world that's also unaware of your history as a CIA asset in Kenya? 
Thank you for continuing to support people who need our support the most. Thank you for bringing hope and change to other areas of the world. We need both Hope and change right now in America
I hate to say it but right now I am not very proud to be an American
Then leave punk
What about Chicago?
we really want to have your president's support.
Hahaha if you agree RT....
America needs to step back and follow the lead of these other nations.  We need to focus more on education in the US, and Betsy DeVos is doing the opposite.
I have a believe that America should have Free education for everyone as long as they maintain a B average.  This should pertain to College, Grad School and any other type of secondary education.  It would make America much more productive!
Greater education = better productivity, better innovation, less crime, more equality, and voters who actually know what they are voting for, so that we don't end up with another Donald Trump!
This is coming. Be ready. 
Saturday Night Massacre 2.0
The only way for him to escape is to blow his own flipping brains out in the Lincoln bedroom.  I can pray!
As my dad would say, "Let Us Pray!"
The world is a better place today, thanks to @realDonaldTrump and thanks to, that U R gone!
That'd better
Obama 2020
Congratulations Mr. Obama. and Thank you.
Would you come to Middletown NY for my birthday and have lunch and see my friends who voted for you and I.the date is June 20th a Wednesday Mr Obama. Hope to hear from you soon .
Miss you
Thank you for continuing to represent what makes America truly great and remaining graceful and humble. Thank you for using your platform for good and altruism. Thank you for representing our country as a dignified voice who uplifts others and never punches down.
Yes! We can miss 44, but we MUST not get bogged down in this understandably sad phase. It is urgent that we step up in @BarackObama's absence and do the work as Americans to repair the damage done by 45.  #RegisterToVote Volunteer for qualified Democrat candidates, #BeTheChange
Please stay there we don’t need you back in this country
This is a real president with real ideas
This is what a President looks like. Best wishes for all of your endeavors. Always with you!
You are a true hero President Obama.
Cool
I am a 22 year old student & my concern is destruction of nature in countries. Singapore is a modernised country & most of its infrastructure are man-made. Nature is being torn apart. Could we envision all women getting skills / jobs yet seeing the great nature has vanished?

lol no
What works is that ? A world with one power one leader? No, that’s your agenda and the demons in the UN
Mr. President, please come back. We need your help. Trump is destroying this country. Trump is destroying all of your hard work and dedication to this country.
If we can THINK IT, God will help us, if it is right and just:)
Sir you’re great please contest elections for USA again
Did you know: You are my cousin? 11th cousin 1 time removed our connection is Matthes Waltz... I knew the connection with President Adam's and John Q... but then both Bushe's...come to find out 15 president's! Who knew? xxoo
You're a creep
I suppose you could check up on the 29 million in that bank account while your out there sir
Thank you, God, for B. Obama and family. They give me hope at this dark, bizarre time in our country's history.  And, yes, the history of the world.
I like u Mr Obama but I hated d way & manner u supported & imposed a wicked weak & unintelligent person like M Buhari as Nigeria's President
Must know 
Who is supreme God?
Why created this universe?
Which way of salvation?
Who is this God who has Selfish Interest?
Life is about solving for x! Young people - discover that y!
Thank you, sir, for ALL you have done and ALL you are doing.  
Any comments on the scandals surrounding your administration w apparent corruption at nearly all levels?  Surely you knew, but when is the question.  And how much direction did all those agencies receive from you or indirectly from you. What happened to our freedom of speech btw?
Any comments about the CURRENT liar in the White House? Are you aware of the corruption going on TODAY?
If there were the corruption going on we had in last administration our potus would be crucified already.  What are your top 3 concerns? Let's discuss it.
A man of decency and morals. Both of which are missing in the White House right now.
 Mr President u are in singapore?!?!?!?!?! Where can i see u?! 
Miss your decency and moral integrity
Oh Gawwwd !!
Really ?
Go Away Obonehead just 
Please Spare us here in America
I like the picture
Come back to the presidency and save us Mr. President.

Can you stay there?
#Plummer4Sullivan
Peer reviewed through John Hopkins:
We can get prescription eyeglasses to the world's poor for $5 a pair
National Geographic's Chasing Genius Award Winner 2017
Hi.I´m an English singer. Best wishes. Andrew
SCARBOROUGH FAIR https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VyIUZWSCbA … …
SUMMERTIME https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiUt9PeXAGI&t=15s … …
SOME ENCHANTED EVENING https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ye4husW7X6Y … …
MUSIC OF THE NIGHT https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSO2A_2HMiQ&t=15s … … . #Phantomoftheopera  #musicals #Classicalcrossover
My phone +967777476170
Thank you for making us believe again.
This is great. USA also needs you to speak out about the insanity happening due to trump.
Very good point Gale. With what is going on there is in affecting every other country! Time for every other country to raise their voice as well!!!
Lillian I am totally baffled. Just saw his approval ratings are up. What kind of maniac thinks he is close to being sane.
And what's even scarier are the people that continue to follow him...the country is truly broken if this is the leadership that you think is wonderful???
Things like Fox and Breitbart just fuel propaganda. Roger stone was on fox today saying a civil war is expected if trump is impeached. But that appears to be acceptable
Good grief...
Miss you 
These amazing young people are so lucky being in Obama's presence . He's such an inspiration..
.
You’re inspiration for many young people also me well done and keep the fight..... I hope meet u some time on my life god bless you @BarackObama
We
you are a human
Hi
I just returned from a 3 year assignment there. The people respect the rules, children respect Teachers and most of all, there is zero crime. Only the military carry weapons. They have an excellent immigration policy that allows overseas workers to come in under watchful eyes.
I want to be friends

Our school will hold the Model United Nations Conference on May 1st Labor Day. The topic is the protection of women's equality and feminism.
https://youtu.be/MOOELG9LT3w 
did you really say this....?


#Trollhunters
Thank you.
Hi..I in Singapore
Saludos desde México. Coatzacoalcos, Ver.
Good to here from you.
@ganeshmuren gudnayd
Yo, Barry. It’s not a communist world they see. Calm down.
The world misses you leading the USA. 
:)
Godspeed.
Never ever realized how much I took for granite that we would always have a good human being for president until now. President O oh how I do miss you.
We miss you so much!! It was great to have a Pres who didn't pay off porn stars, collude with Russia, send out delushional tweets daily etc!
Let me GUESS, ur OVER THERE putting this COUNTRY down AGAIN. Like ur BUDDY, HRC that went over seas, 2 insult our GREAT SELF thinking WOMEN, that knew BETTER than 2 VOTE 4 a slimy candidate like HER.
Instead we got slithering slimeball trump. And i thought things couldn’t have worse.....
Nobody cares about you, except that they want you to go away.
Wow @Twitter censor much? The first 25+ replies are praising the worst president the USA has ever had.  #FolllowTheWhiteRabbit
Stay in your home territory you Monkey....
Saludos. Desde Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz.

Prophet #Muhammad said : the best of #Islam is to behave with gentleness and tolerance 

http://fly-cards.com …
गोरख से ज्ञानी घणे ,ये सुखदेव जति जिहान।सीता सी  बहु भारिया ये संत दूर अस्थान।।सत साहेब
अवश्य देखिये साधना टीवी पर रात्रि 7:30 से 8:30
Hey SlojamMan swing by for a coffee. I live around the corner from the Shang.  The welcome mat is out, bring your better half too.
Hallo.
Am from Uganda, Mukono.
Am the best Muthi traditional healer in East and southern Africa.
My consultation fee is $10,000 cash.
I read your email and responding back to inform you that am ready to help you.
Call me on +256753161510
Use mota and water with the power
Can you please come back home and work to remove Trump the Traitor, help us amend the Constitution (I mean, it's a REALLY flawed document these days!) and then run for a 3rd term before the traitor ruins everything?  Please? Miss you and @MichelleObama SO MUCH it hurts!  
Singapore huh? Has that stash been frozen yet or are you good? #QAnon
You are still the best!
Hope you’re enjoying my home country :) Try some nonya kueh and chicken rice 
#GITMO #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #corruption
@POTUS 
Oh!! my 1st question to @JoanieLum when she does my summer of 1994 follow-up interview? Who wins d year 2004 Illinois US Senate race Obama or I if I did NOT leave Rep. Mel Reynolds office in #April1993? Michael Madigan knows d answer!! & your wife too my #politicalsister!!
Hussein is a traitor.
Stay there.
Thank you President Obama!!!
Wonderful Mr. Obama  (Mr. PRESIDENT )
Hih
Well
We miss you
Meanwhile the #Orangeman .....
Lol what blind sheep you liberals are. You can’t see that Obama was president for the world just not America. He has been doing everything that is anti American. Anti western, pro Iranian and pro Muslim brotherhood. But hey. Don’t let facts open your eyes.
Start with the Mothers and Kids at home plz #MothersReVolution #FreeJasmijn
Hi, we all miss you so much. Regards.
We miss you mr obama
Ülke olarak işgal edipte öldürdüğünüz çocuklar ne olacak @BarackObama vicdaniniz rahat mi
Are you still calling in “Saul” to help you and all your worshipers of UI’s so complete the change?   Justice and Peace be upon us.
Sound familiar???
Awesome! Let us all make it a duty to support Education.
Dear President Obama it’s so amazing to see your positive and loving an uplifting and healthy tweet versus the moron we have in office now what a stark difference #KnowHowMuchYouremissed
الحمدالله
So excited that you Will be arriving in New Zealand today.  Hope you get to see some of our beautiful country while you are here. Bring lovely Michelle along next time! 
Just a quick question can Barrack run for POTUS again. Genuine question just not to sure of American Politics.
No, but I wish!
You gave America hope, spent 8 years giving hope. HRC promised more hope.  No public option, nothing about student debt, 8 wars. . We still hope.
You’re such a phony. 8 years & U did NOTHING for the common man in this country. Started 5 more wars killing poor ppl, let oil companies put pipelines across the country, let banks get BIGGER and now you want to gentrify the south side of Chicago who are you Mr. Soetoro?
Good day ,Mr Obama,can you help Buenaventura Colombia to become bilingual ?
Thanks for coming online and giving us positive news! Didn’t care for some of your policies...., but have considerable respect for you!
@realDonaldTrump will never, ever , ever be loved or respected this much!
God we miss youi MR president.
Thank you for everything, Mr President.
I think that it is wonderful to work while admitting each other regardless of region or race.

I support you.
Im from #Canada #Ontario and I hate politics.. but i just want to say for what its worth.. u
U Need to take back the Presidential Title like Yesterday! Never seen so much political bullsh*t since #Trump took over. That guy is a War waiting to happen! #reelect
Ummm you've done enough maybe go play golf
I don't understand we had that before world war 1 why now we don't??
@BarackObama
You r my ideal

...
Thank you Mr. Obama for just being the person that you are.
The work you are doing in Asia is the same work that should be done in America. I am from Canada and watching Trump and DeVos destroy American Education is hard to watch from here. America will need you again when Republicans are our to being America back to a 1st world again.
But, President, the country is burning to the ground... Please come back... help... please...

They have been willpowered, and have managed to achieve some goals. We need people like these in Africa, particularly in Angola , so we can eradicate illiteracy.
Come home, Barry. The baby sitter is molesting the simple minded among us. Help!
Hey
オバマさんこんにちわ
アジアも未来に向かってゴー
Stay strong
I miss you.
En Singapur con los jóvenes que están abogando por la educación, empoderamiento de las mujeres jóvenes e involucrarse en Sudeste de Asia con un compromiso profundamente optimista para construir el mundo que quieren ver.
He made waves by ruining our country.  Hope he does better with you all.
Great news President Obama you will always be address as President from me a great honor
We know why you're REALLY in Singapore so save your BS. You won't be able to claim Kenyan citizenship when you're indicted. #LockHimUp
Obama is hiding out in Singapore, because if he came back to the U.S he would be arrested for treason#
We need our leader back.
Recruiting for isis, huh? Oh, and what a surprise, ASSenstein’s right there in the #1 spot with his signature sphincter worship. 
They're doing fine without you, barack. Do you want to mess them up like you did to us?
Present situation in society young woman are competing with young men in all categories even in airforce also, in future they are also entering into the all armed forces
Why are you acting like you are still in office?
@ganeshmuren please stay there

Oh man really wanna take a picture with this man! @BarackObama
Retweet if you want Jeff Bezos to buy Twitter and shut Trump's abusive account down?
Ppl took you for granted.  You are a true legend.  Still my President.  Thnxs for giving us hope
Wish you were here today.

Can't wait till your back in the America, we are making it great again! Gitmo is ready for you hurry back.
#barackobama #worstpresidentever #obama
Sit down. You had your chance to shine and squandered it. 45 will fix things right.
Love you Mr. Obama. Saw you on the Letterman interview and miss you as our leader. 
Watch your wallet
C vrai
Thats real much respect
@ganeshmuren
Lucky Singapore 
If only the current had 1/2 the sense, class and dignity you have, the out right disrespectfulness of a slogan like “make America great again” wouldn’t have even been thought of! Amongst other shenanigans!!!
Love it
What better place to be. Singapore is a jewel in its own right.
Very My son,daughter in law and 3 year old grandsons live there.
Thank you for continuing to lead w/ grace, smarts & hope!   #Worldleader #stillmypresident
