
Have you NOT seen how the Liberal Leftists MOB RULES mentality has been ACTING OUT lately?!Just imagine if they knew that NO ONE could PROTECT themselves,it would then be these Leftists who CONTROLLED our country.They are already DESTROYING our CONSTITUTION in so many other ways!
Our CONSTITUTION is as CRITICAL NOW as it was back then!

It is an EXCEPTIONAL document & we are KEEPING OUR GUNS because of people like you would do not care about it & want to destroy it & also to avoid a tyrannical government.
The U.S. constitution was put there for a reason & is meant to stand as a living breathing document. And btw, how do you think people are allowed to speak at large gatherings? Why,it's the first amendment dude!! And that first amendment is guarded by the 2nd amendment
Exactly! Thx for your input Catherine as it helps to have some vocal support on this thread for the importance of our Constitution and how the 1st Amendment is guarded by the 2nd Amendment. Without one we wouldn't have the other.
Young people did not make this happen.The students billed as leading the gun control charge“from their parents’ living rooms” after the deadly high school shooting in Parkland,Florida,RECEIVED help from SEASONED LEFT-WING ACTIVISTS who Organized this March
I agree.But it happened from the beginning where the Leftist Organizations were reaching out to the kids from the very start as well as the Leftist MainstreamMedia giving them a platform but REFUSING to give the students at the same school a platform if they were Pro2nd amendment
It was a march to ban assault weapons not to take away the 2nd amendment. Some schools do not allow peanut butter to enter the building. Children should not be afraid someone is going to come to school with an assault weapon and kill them.
Your spewing leftist left and right. Pun intended. Is not helpful and clearly just divisive. There were a lot of people out there today. Get ready for change
I have studied up on this issue from past shootings&I know that it takes a multi prong approach.And in this Parkland shooting more laws would not have helped as there were already laws on the books that the Corrupt Police ignored.Laws are only as good as the people enforcing them
-or maybe it was the GUN. Was that the correct word to put in shouty caps for emphasis?  I hope you enjoy the right to carry around a semi automatic while grocery shopping or taking Fido out. I am more concerned with the dead children than I am about your right to carry an ar-15.
Banning semi automatics will not tAke away the pistol you could have packed while grocery shopping or out walking your dog.  It's worth it to save one child. Pray on that at church on Sunday.  Good bye.
This says it all  #MarchForOurLives
 THIS says it all #MarchForOurLives
If you honestly believe that owning a gun (especially an AR15) will somehow help you magically defend yourself against the US Military should anything happen at home, it is you who is in desperate need of professional mental health care assistance immediately. Seek help today.SMH
  watch the video. Then buy guns. Lots of them 
Austrian WWII Survivor Kitty Werthmann Draws Chilling Comparison Between Hitler's Version Of Gun Control And What The Left Is Attempting Now 
There are no guns (legally available to US citizens) today that could beat the US Military. None. Tired, old, worn-out argument. Comparing 2018 USA to Nazi Germany and/or Austria during WW2 or our founding is fallacious, at best. All rights have & need laws, limits & enforcement.
Yeah. First amendment should have restrictions on saying stupid bullshit on Twitter.
How about millions of voices teaching parents how to parent? How to be involved and present in their kids lives? How about raising children to be productive responsible adults.
How about both?
A daily public service announcement focusing on the family and encouraging parents to be present and involved in their kids lives would serve a better purpose. But hey that doesn’t get ratings... parent education will save this country, gun reform will not.
Um
..ok.
I didn’t need parenting lessons. My parents loved me and parented me = I learned parenting. AND They taught me that guns are used for one purpose - killing. I will never kill. I will never touch a gun. It’s not necessary. Food is necessary. Love is necessary. #NRABoycott
So, are u saying every single child who shot up schools had shitty parents? You're sadly mistaken. It's easier to blame parents than guns.
I never said that... you missed the point
In response, why wouldn’t you clarify your point? Are you sure she missed your point?
You inspired us Mr. President!
This is today in Fort Myers Florida!
This is me and my wife  @gringiver84 at #MarchForOurLives in Fort Myers
This March is not for Gun Control, but a March to vote for the Democrap Party in 2018. These kids are brainwashed with Democrat Party talking points about Republicans. These kids are being used as a Pawns to vote for the Democrats. So disgusting to see. #MarchForOurLives
At least they arent being brainwashed by the Mercers, Bannon, Kochs, Alex Jones, Fox “News” and Cambridge Analytica
And at least theyre not being used as pawns for the uber wealthy corrupt Russian oligarchs and Saudi/UAE/Trump royals families
Liberals will destroy this country and have us under the thumb of the 1% in no time at all. Thanks for making it a reality for us Obama.
Meanwhile back here in reality your savior Trump just signed a very liberal spending bill!
luv you dad x
U are so deeply missed. But on days like this it's like u are still the president because this is exactly what a president should be saying 
-I recall your speech after Sandy Hook.
-I recall how u kept a piece of artwork from 1 of the kids killed, in your study so u could remember what we’ve lost as a nation. 
-I remember u saying this was the worst day of your presidency. 
Today, we recall how you fought 2 save lives
There were more school shootings under Obama than any other President.
That’s the reason he wanted better gun control, but was opposed by GOP hogs.
He had the majority in Congress. Could of passed anything he wanted.
Obama had the majority in Congress for four months during his entire eight years. And that’s when he managed to push the ACA through.
Exactly. He pushed through a Republican healthcare plan when he could have passed single payer or at the very least a public option.
Don't blame Mr.Obama  for this, Trumps in office now. How many shooting not only in schools but other places ,concerts, churches  not to mention by the police.
You must have forgotten about Sandy Hook...everything should have changed after that.
⚘
You ran on hope and CHANGE!
Eight years with hope and CHANGE we still got Parkland.
If you gather loved ones
Your policies and inaction brought these horrific acts on.  Hope you and Michelle can sleep well at night, Lord knows I don’t.
@realDonaldTrump Listen and learn! Barack dunks on you again.
Ok can we have you back as president. Please
Wrong.  Millions more telling them to shut up will stand in the way.

We miss you
Hurry Buy This Barack Obama Is Still My President Blue Coffee https://etsy.me/2pCnTRX  via @Etsy
These kids have made me PROUD to be an American!
These kids Make America Great Again!
We Miss You and Michelle!
#MarchForOurLives #NoMore
Michelle and I are so inspired by all the young people who made today’s marches happen. Keep at it. You’re leading us forward. Nothing can stand in the way of millions of voices calling for change.
I truly wish there was a way to get you back in office. Our country needs leadership that has everyone's interest at heart. Your response to the tragedies and natural disasters that we have faced showed us your character and courage. God help America. We miss you- come back soon?
Obama had eight years to fix the gun issue and he did nothing, yet you praise him if he did something about guns while he was president these tragedies may not have happen
Your "prized" GOP happily blocked ANY legislation by Obama. GOP wanted to FAIL Obama, they FAILED THE COUNTRY AS-THEY CONTINUE TO DO-INSTEAD
Obama had the majority for the first 2 yrs, before he lost it in the midterm. The Obama administration approved the selling of bump stocks, which trump is working to ban. Obama could have used executive orders like Trump did and there are some Democrats under the NRA payroll
And you think this administration can get it done.. If they do it'll be because they are afraid these "kids" can/will vote their azzes out..
Difficult to vote while high on Tide Pods.....
We want Change ,drain the Swamp of Frauds,you were a Number 1 Fraud that stated the Braking down of America,the only thing you Built up was Your Bank Account! God will save us despite your evil workings
https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/obama-trump-travel-costs/ …

http://www.newsweek.com/trump-properties-special-interest-political-groups-spending-786016 …

https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2018/01/trump-has-done-a-great-job-profiting-off-the-presidency …

http://money.cnn.com/2017/10/12/news/secret-service-mar-a-lago/index.html …
By fake news cnn lol
And he is in France!?! Why the heck is he even in this debate?
I don't understand nor try to understand this "bot" crap but I guess I would expect nothing more from anyone who listens to fake news.
Must be awfully convenient to dismiss all sources that prove you wrong as "fake news" 
Sources. Lmao......try watching @cspan once in a while you will see your fake news medias getting caught in many lies.
1/20/2017 
Just a another liberal waste of time.
No Barry, they’re leading us backwards, just like you did.
Mr. President thank you for all you did in office , and to your family. Michelle is very inspirational woman. Sir I am a junior in college (30yrold)and daughter of Mexican immigrants. Thanks for being an inspiration to many. Gracias
2020' we will re-elect President Donald J. Trump. You were the president for the illegals, you turned ur back on us American citizens! M.A.G.A you and your should persue politics in Mexico .. we don't want you here! we Americans are fed up with all these illegals!
mass shooting is not a new phenomenon. You were president for 8 years Barack, why did not you fix the problem back then?
ASK THE REPUGS WHO BLOCKED EVERY INITIATIVE,
Well, Larry! How about Barry took an oath to support and “defend” the constitution, which gives rights to bear arms. He didn’t honor his oath! How cool is that?
Larry isn't even an American. He knows nothing about what a Constitutional Republic is.  Invalid participant
I HAVE studied Your So called Constitution. It is something that we in the BIG WORLD need to know about because the Fucking USA uses it to oppress us. The SAME USA that has been oppressing other Nations for 200+ years. It is an outdated failure that Americunts use to justify Evil
Don't you have some court shit coming up?

The change we needed has already happened 
Little blood on yours and Mr. Obama.
More than your lazy ass did in 8 years...no credibility.
GO AWAY OBAMA!
Don't forget the old!
It seems a lot is standing in our way.  Words are not enough.  We need action.  You have the power and connections.  MAKE IT HAPPEN NOW
2nd amendment stands in the way..Why do you want to disarm us?if you open a history book you see why we have the 2nd amendment (to protect us from tyrannical governments) threats foreign or domestic.. also, historically when a government does this mass genocide tends to follow...
Love how nobody sees it this way.
The children are being used as political scape-goats.
An AR-15, (armalite rifle)
Shoots the same rounds as my handguns.. and a bump stock eliminates accuracy (at a high fire rate).
Also states aren’t required to report back ground checks on a federal level.. So your crazy neighbor can still passs and receive their gun....legally. Fix a broken system. Don’t take the LAW-abiding citizens right to protect themselves, family, or whatever it may be.
I have a short shot gun loaded with #7 low base rounds for home protection.  However by the time I hear an intruder, pull the gun out, locate the ammo and load it the attacker is on me.  Get a black belt or learn to throw a knife.
Pre load it and lock it under your bed
Mr. Obama is the true President of American,Vice president Biden is just that.
We need you back.PLEASE

Except that little thing called the Constitution...
President Obama you're exactly correct! You are so missed you were and still are my President. We desperately need a true and real man like you.
You don't know the real evil Obama, look into before you hop on the bandwagon, because I was all about Obama until I seen the awful truth
So share...and not from some conspiracy site..a factual site.
Your the best 
Get rid of your security system - who carry GUNS
Beautiful when the country comes together. They learned unity from you Mr president Obama.
You must be so proud. 
I know I am.
#StandAgainstTheHaters
#BlueWave2018
#LoveOneAnother
#MuellerPleaseHurry
Trump was saying  yesterday.. 
Obama is a druger..
Hopefully those guys vote. They are restoring my faith in your country.
Just go away. Maybe step in front of a speeding train?
You were an AWESOME PRESIDENT AND I TRULY MISS YOU. YOU WILL ALWAYS BE MY PRESIDENT. BEST WISHES TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY
Look into the awful things he did, he embraced the patriot act.. he passed so many executive orders at midnight because how bad they where
And look what Trump doing is he any better
SAVE US!!!
Thankyou@for this tweet to these amazing strong young people. I was blown away in awe of them. Yes they are the future generat
God Bless America if this is what's coming as the next generation. We are gonna need all the blessings we can get
You’re a stinking FASCIST. You’re back to Community Organizing again but this time it ISN’T going to work. #TheGreatAwakening YOU belong in #GITMO for your SEDITIOUS crimes. That WILL be justice.
@POTUS will make sure Obama's next stop on his hat in hand money grubbing tour for the cabal will be 
#Consequences
#TheStorm
#NoLibraryForHussein
#PrisonLibrary
#TheGreatAwakening 
@qanon
Mr. Barack &Mrs. Michelle Obama & family hope all is well your greatly miss
Happy Easter
As always, we miss you
No we dont
Speak for yourself
He speaks for me too..why you miss this coon? He did nothing but leave the brothers on the plantation..He's a puppet for the slavery party
Let me guess, trumps doing more for me than Obama ever did? Am I on the right path?
Exactly. entrepreneur? That's capitalism. Obama hates that. You didn't build that. Remember that?
I’ll be honest and say I did not see any actual difference. As much as he preaches there has been no real affect to my business. Sorry to disappoint.
Please come back. We need you
Lol no we dont
In 8 years Barack Obama destroyed America, culturally & economically, creating a war against our police and causing a massive racial divide. 

In just one year, Trump is changing everything. Just imagine what the USA will look like in 7 years. Nice to see that America is back.
No doubt!!!

It wasn’t millions, it was minions
A financed initiative of Soros. Mostly adults. 200k. We want change. We want Soros treated like the enemy of our republic that he is.
How about the KOCH brothers? Get your facts!!
Crying myself to sleep over this revelation! 
Uranium anyone? 
Wire tap, Dossier??
Mr. President, and I will always title you such because you were phenomenal and a superb leader given ur oppositions. The young folks are our future leaders and they stood for something. I too as very proud.

There is any leadership left in this world what’s going on in Indian occupied Kashmir and Palestine did any one care? It’s become crime being Muslim?
Hey, forgot to change your masthead. You AREN'T President anymore.  (Thank GOD)
Omg! I just 
Maybe they can also ask for real change and have the US Government stop killing innocent children in other countries too..
Let’s start with not killing innocent children here. #DefundPlannedParenthood   Anything less would be hypocritical.
For 8 years u didn’t do anything and now you have the audacity to say you’re proud and inspired?
He did do something, the Republicans blocked him at every turn
Pretty sure the constitution can stand in the way....
It's obvious you and your wife are still trying to bring this Country down...can't you both accept that the devastation of the 8 yrs you were in office was enough. You need to let the real @POTUS take care of this Country and try his best to repair your damage.
Class
Yep we finally got change and hope! Thank U President Trump.! 8 yrs of nothing but divide  Thank U President Trump for the change we have waited for. MAGA
#follow everyone who loves and #retweets this. Love!
My assistant bought some items from your store for a #giveaway Keep giving good prices to people that need real #discounts! #bitcoin is the future.


Please help... these brave young souls should be nominated for the Noble Peace Prize. I am contacting the selectors but I need help!
The brave young crisis actors? David Hoggs changed his story multiple times! He also went to school in California originally and his dad is CIA.. so stop with this utter bs
You are a criminal.  You weaponizing Federal Agencies, DOJ, FBI, CIA, EPA, IRS, EPA, DOE against American Citizens who did not share your political ideology.  You will pay for your crimes sooner or later.
I admire u but do u realize Emma Gonzales picked on that kid. Do I agree kids killing kids no but I sure don’t want a cool kid bully telling me about gun rights.
So Obama do you have enough brain washed kids to do your bidding . I wonder if they like being communists !
You are so missed!
You are and were nothing but an America-hating coward. You sided with terrorists and sold our country down the river. You're a disgrace and will go down as the worst President in history. Nothing you say matters. You and your legacy are finished.

Your policies were making our country poorer. Glad you are gone.

Thanks for your quality leadership.
Good parents don't have their kids sit and listen to the equivalent of a KKK Grand Wizard -

Obama was a member 20 yrs in Racist Bigot Uncle Mentor Rev. Wrights Church- had his kids baptized by that POS.

#GoodParentMyASS
Trump @ 50% approval vs Barack @ 46% on April 2nd. Difference?  Trump has 98% media attacking him negatively while media praised Barack 100% of the time & covering up all his massive crimes.
#Trump 50% approval rating amazing considering POTUS receives 100% negative #FakeNewsMedia coverage- 
#Winning #MondayMotivaton…
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS is giving priority to ALL American citizens, including ALL races.  Illegal immigrants only overload the alrdy fragile US economy & invites dangerous criminals to our country.  The @SecretService  is FINALLY on our side!  THANK YOU!
Oh how I miss you both y'all wisdom and your knowledge but most of all the understanding you have for the people of God love you to life
They don't truly believe in god..look into it
For some they think they are a God but there's only one and sooner or later he is going to send his wrath down I know it he said it, I believe it and that settles it
You were the good parent? Bawahahahahahahahahahaha  You mean the most divisive P in the history of the U.S. The man who tied the hands of the police, let the ME do what it wanted and created BLM and Antifa... #Resist my a**
THE MANCHURIAN CANIDATE NEEDS TO GO HOME. BE QUIET AND WAIT FOR THE JAILERS
TO COMEFOR HIM.
thanks
I guess you ARE the bad parents, no photos of Trumps kids smoking pot or showing their ass at a concert
If young people marched for pro second amendment causes, you would not see this tweet.

ITS TRUE OBAMA CHANGED USA. BUT IT WAS BAD CHANGE.  IN 8 YRS OBAMA TURNED USA INTO A 3RD WORLD COUNTRY. WE ARE BETTER THAN THAT. LEFTISTS WILL NOT WIN ANY MORE ELECTIONS FOR AT LEAST THE NEXT 20 YRS.
Shocking picture of Africans being held and sold as slaves by Muslims in Libya 
Nobody cries for them. No International Body moves a finger. 
In the meantime - BLM makes allies with these same Muslims in USA.

You can thank Obama and Hillary for facilitating this.
Lol you gun control freaks need to stop and think, drugs have been illegal since the 1930s....... People still get them, so all you will be doing is taking away protection from law abiding citizens, work out well for germany in the 30s and Britain is doing great with gun control
By "change" you mean steps to giving up our rights?
Mr, Has been, i you will do anything to keep discord goin g in this country that you hate so much.
And never inspired you the little ones that never march because they were aborted? Millions of silenced voices that never had the opportunity. Murder.
Thank u for your inspiration after reading your post i feel confident that things will improve with time
Yes Sir! I am also proud of these young folks standing up as well. They understand what is going on and they do not need to be 18 or 21 to be viable. They already understand the truth about what is going on, and what needs to addressed.
Can we have you back?? Please  If only...
The young people didn’t make it happen and everyone knows it. They’re are being abused for your antil American agenda. Millions on the other side know it.
Mr President 
Still waiting for the follow back
Follow him, please!!!!!!
Thank you Mr. Real President! Refreshing after tweeter tantrums today from the REAL FAKE president @realDonaldTrump a sad bitter unqualified individual creating chaos for no apparent reason.
My rights are not up for discussion.
Your rights? Your avatar is a movie character, lol.
“These civilized people? They’ll eat each other.” -The Joker-
“Those who can’t argue quote movies.”
What makes you think I can’t argue?  My rights nor anyones are up for discussion.  Period.  End of story.  For anyone to think that they can dictate how anyone defends themselves from potential harm, most of whom they never meet, is absolutely demented.
Literally everything you say, coupled with the fact that you hide behind a fake name and picture. Portrait of an individual with no friends.
Name calling.  Says the one who thinks I can’t argue. Have a good one.
Ah umad, adorable. The Twitter troll is throwing a baby tantrum.
You have been the most miserable “leader” this country has ever had with the possible exception of Benedict Arnold and of Benedict wasn’t born here either! Contemplating 1000 of you brings nightmares.
Naaaaa the worst is @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS who will continue to be Putin’s puppet and run us right into the ground. Ps before you call me names my idiot self voted that sick  in also. Ashamed. #Resistance #LockHimUp
Not going to call you names. We appear to have done the same thing. Voted for one who disappointed. There are many things about Obama that offended me, but (as a 40+ year Dept of Defense guy) and federal retiree, the worst is that he and Eric Holder took oaths that neither kept!
As the former wife of a high ranking USAF intel officer I understand fully.
Actually, there is something standing in their way. The Bill of Rights and millions of armed, law-abiding citizens. #FromMyColdDeadHands
i know you currently not the president  but youll always be my Prez
You are truly missed Thank You for your service.......
Thank you so much Mr President I am a disabled veteran who truly believes in the core values of our country please keep your voice strong
okk
Amen!
I stand with the ones who did not march who see the globalist gun grab you push , the ones who see we have rights that you can take away and millions of voices stand strong for our second and you cant stand it that your communist movement will never succeed
BET founder: Trump economy brings black workers back into labor force -
Except the dictator and his American oligarks, like the Koch Bros. & Robert Mercer, who are destroying our government every day. Privatization is what Putin did in Russia; take the people’s government aaway and give all our wealth and power to them.


Truth.
What dose change mean to u?  Turning this country communist???
No more kids being killed in school that they go to everyday to learn n get educated my kid worries everyday is he gonna b shot ? If that makes me Communist????  Then call me #RED
These young people are inspiring, brave and focused, in spite of the harrowing experience and #ptsd they’re bound to face. I hope their exemplary action inspires others; I certainly am.
@Comey #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #data #BoycottYetiCoolers #BoycottAmazon @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle @dbongino @seanhannity @thebestcloser @joeygiggles @WhiteHouse @Rachael1417 @DRUDGE @MichaelBreed @Hoosiers1986
NO! Don't keep this going it is creating controversy and problems in this amazing country! Plus, if you ask 50% of the people marching they have no idea what the march is about! @realDonaldTrump #Trump2020 #MAGA #TrumpTrain
Mr. Obama is so inspirational, as always
I MISS YOU
So in love with you and Michelle and everything you do. You are such a good example of a solid family and marriage. I, too, am inspired by the young people. So much more savvy than we were in the Sixties.
Barack, we miss you here in Amsterdam. Now you, Michelle and your beatuiful girls can come incognito and REALLY enjoy our art. Forget the Rijkmseum. Visit the Van Gogh Museum, the Amsterdam Hermitage, the Stedelijk. I'd love to be your guide. 
Thank you so much
Say more, please. Speak out.
Thanks for inspiring!
I'm inspired that you'll be tried and convicted of sedition and treason in the very near future.  You and your administration are a stain on our history that we'll never get out, but we will ultimately see justice.  The #MuellerInvestigation has exposed you all.

#LockThemAllUp
b.o.
Be Quite, you've ruined enough.
I'm sure that the positive encouragement from you and Michelle will help to keep them strong!  #lovebarackobama  #lovemichelleobama
You right, my president.
...except possibly the rights of an entire population, when the millions marching want to remove/restrict that right.
Thank you two for inspiring the world!
Barack Obama will be remembered by his ridiculous appeasement of foreign enemies. Giving the rise to Islamic Caliphate, the rise to Islamo fascist Iran and the rise and expansion of Russia power
We miss your integrity
Your words encourage us and remind us to stay focused.
Thanks for the inspiration
Bless you, sir.
Hmm...seems to be a pattern here.
Nothing like an old document called the Constitution standing in their way.  But you didn’t have a problem Rampling on the Constitution
LOL, you are hilarious!
Thanks for the work.
Beautiful said Mr. President. The younger generation are the ones that have to change things.
I love you all Can you please send this to all GOP’s?

Dear Mr President nicaragua need helps, the police kill the people, students, citizens and young people, recently die a children by fire gun of the police, please need helps
Kinda like the millions of voices that called for hope and change 10 years ago?  That didn’t end well for you... Donald Trump is your legacy.
Help us help THEM! A major law changed and no one is talking about it! We hope you will join our movement >> http://www.paytheinterns.com  #paytheinterns @BarackObama
We miss you. 
I enjoy hearing from you Mr. President
Greaet President BarackObama
Yes we can !!! You spent 8 years in the Whitehouse with a little achievement. So I don't really know what you can achieve now?
BathHouse Barry in the house
You mean Michael & you???


Thank you Mr President I always annoy your educated, friendly response, comment, speech and more. What we have now in the White House makes me sick
Then u don't know the truth about Obama
The kids who follow you eat Tide Pods and snort condoms up their noses and out their mouths. They complain about having to carry clear backpacks to school, when 17 of their classmates are not alive to carry these clear backpacks. These are the kids who worship you.
Your right and Trump is changing America for the http://better.My  paycheck is $60.00 more per week so $240.00 a month that's a lot for most people who works hard .That's what happens when taxes and regulations are cut.Thank God we live in America.
Just wait 24 months when it all disappears and your deductions too!
No he is going to win in 2020 America will never allow a jack with no morals like Hillary or Obama  again they al.kst destroyed the U.S. Americans love their jobs and like their taxes low as possible.We also like our gun a d most of all we are sick of political correctness...
We miss you come back !
Instead of watching TV, I listened to all the speeches on MSNBC.  I'm a retired HS English teacher, It was wonderful hearing all those young voices so articulate and so moving.   They give me great hope, but, you're right, they must keep at it and we "grown-ups" must support them
Yes, our young people are leading and speaking up and making us proud. We must all join with them, raise our voices, and stand with them in every sense of the word. With passion and dignity, in peace. Testifying to the justice of our cause.
im not even from the usa but u still being my president
The change came when you two left office. Best day of my life!!!
Mine too
Sir is because you led them by example!!!
Most evil president ever... Obama
That's a positive impact on the world.
Barack&Michelle Obama your words of wisdom and encouragement will enlighten the Worst and Best of are Nation. Thank you.
Dear President Obama , Great leaders like you are needed morer than ever to shape our families and make a positive outcome for future leaders.I'm praying for restoration of the United States of America for genaration to come.
Stand up and be heard young people
History will show that your policies regarding race, economics and foreign interactions set this country back 50 yrs!
You are truly missed, Mr President!  Regardless of who is in the White House, you will always be my president.  One voice leads to another and another working towards a common goal - change.
We are talking about someone who bombed 7 countries
That sounds about right coming from you, fits the left's agenda. What about the ones who support the #2A? Oh thats the right of the people that is trying to be erased so everyone can become enslaved.
Nobel Peace prize recipient.....

What a joke
Yeah the only reason why you were inspired is so that you can brainwash and twist their mind and what you want them to do you're as bad as Hitler
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends @VP @TomFitton @lthomer175 @TuckerCarlson @RealJamesWoods  @WhiteHouse @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity @ScottPresler
Dude get move somewhere out side of the U.S and shut up
Corrupt globalist puppet
Please be our president again 
Thanks you the world foremost President, we felt the effect of your economy and peace reform to the shore of Africa
screw you obammie & moochelle!! you had your time, go away.
My beautiful surrogate Father was a black Baptist Minister. Very popular in San Fran. Best parents ever. And now Trump is best President ever. 
You guys have not helped in the slightest. History will tell.
I miss having a real President. #NoDramaObama. #ComeBackBarack.
President Obama, the 6-12 owners of all the media’s decide what the issues are. They meet once a year to talk about what & how to promote their agenda. If people don”t realize it, they fall victim to it. I figure that’s 90-95% of us. The realty is this: kid’s don’t know anything.
Great. Thank you sir but please visit our gofundme page and help our cause by leaving your donations. Thank you.
Ugh  man he’s talking so much BS
Ur 1/2 right nothing will stand in the Way of the millions on the trump train calling for change and the undoing of everything you thought you would get away with are you feeling the heat tick tock its going to be great to see you in handcuffs #MAGA #KAG2020 #ObamaGate
Amen

This is not a change America stands for!
Young people rock!
Whatever
Thanks for your  great comments for the young youth
lol what a joke the great race divider speaks, destroyer of our immigration policies, this man is a traitor to Working Americans. We can expect the retirement age to be raised to 80 years as we need to pay for the foreign Invaders, being added to welfare & Medicaid wake up Billy
