We’re excited to announce Obama Foundation Leaders: Africa, a one-year program to train and support 200 emerging leaders from across the continent to drive positive change throughout Africa. https://go.obama.org/leaders-africa  

One day, years from now, there is no doubt in my mind that you will have your own holiday. It’s already overdue!
Maybe we can get him on a $100 bill too 
They are gonna put him on food stamps which is more fitting!!!!
Bot 
That’s the only reply you mindless liberals say because you are not clever enough to have a debate!!
That'll be about the time the  is hitting the fan and you'll be exposed...

As usual 
Dear President Obama,

Help us next!

Love, America
I love you
You love a spineless turd??
We love you.
Come back!
Leading the way to life.
Bruh they just caught the waffle House killer you think this a good time to talk about this not that?
COME BACK

We miss you!
We certainly do Mr. President!
What?! Lazy bum you've been off for 2 years and have not gotten around to showing up to a charity that is named @ObamaFoundation ?? This summer LOL! Sure!! Just like last time right dead beat dad!?!
(This is your rebuke brother) 
Of course I'm completely full of crap but are you?
You are doing 1000 times more for this planet away from the presidency than the current president is doing to hurt the planet. Awesome job.
@BarackObama is still the Moral President of the United States. The other one is just... a nothingburger
#FlightRisk
Thank you, Mr. President, for being a REAL leader who is constructive and inspires people!

(...unlike the current Resident who only complains and insults everyone.)
@BarackObama you are my hero.
can they visit you in jail?
Thanks for making Melania smile for the first time in years. Come back. We miss you!!
True 
How soon before the Obama foundation becomes exactly like the Clinton foundation?
JOEY M IS A RUSSIAN TROLL FACTORY BOT WHO HAS GONE BY JOEY MANNARINO AND JET BENEDETTO... MAKE UP YOUR MIND TROLL!
Hope you are doing well.
Everyone misses you.
Lots of stuff happened.
Pretty hard to list it all.

Until we see you again.
Stay cool.
Education counts. Education differentiate between the actual and the former President of the United States.
And: The world miss you, Mr. President.
Best president in modern history!
...
I'm so glad that we still have you to represent our country in the world. Thank you.
Unselfish making the world a better place for all. 1 child at a  time. RESPECT.
@BarackObama


Its ending.
Dude. What planet are you living on?  It came out over the weekend that the fbi had ZERO intelligence to open the investigation into trump.  Flynn’s been exonerated.  You’re in for a huge ass chapping because you refuse to believe what Nunes has found out. Enjoy.
Zero intelligence? You mean Papadapolous flapping his gums isn't evidence?
Apparently not. Lol
Well that's how it all started. But here's some evidence:
This has nothing to do with trump. Not part of his campaign. Not part of his administration. You’ve got nothing. Still.
We so miss you and Michelle! You are so amazing and I hope you know how much you are loved!
The $20 Trillion debt Obama left the US cannot be written off even in the fantasy world you live in.
Real leaders know how to bring out the best in people....you, sir, continue to do just that!  God bless you and your beautiful family!

Could you fix Chicago first?
This is the sort of the thing our President should be tweeting. You are missed Mr President.
We miss you, sir!
We miss you so muchMr. PRESIDENT
I'm juh too jealous of SA

You see, Barack? This is why this new leader of the free world will never be like you- you just know what to say, other than the chump who just tweets nonsense, constantly. God bless you and your foundation. And I do miss you.
Fier de toi
Missing you as a POTUS I am proud of & wishing you & your family all the best. You deserve it.

PRESIDENT OBAMA THANK YOU FOR BEING A GREAT AMERICAN INSPIRATION, FROM WE THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA " GOD BLESS THE USA "
You can come back anytime now.
Please b our president again 
President Obama, we miss you. Please come back!

So much class 
He’s a REAL GENTLEMAN! @BarackObama ! WE MISS YOU!!
Yes he is!
Thank you for continuing to be an inspirational force around the globe.
Also,
That's so cute!! 

I was just about to post this meme. Something said, scroll 1st. Damn it, you beat me to it.
Post it again! Important to get it out there!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkPSbp3zTfo …
 Come Back, Barack - SNL - YouTube

This is everything
I'm in hell; dreaming of you and Michelle! Love it!
I actually play that song a lot, even when I'm driving.
I don't blame you. Seems like that video was out 10 years ago! In trumpland, time is at a stand still!
It has been a very longgggg 15 months
When I see your tweets it's like witnessing a shooting star on a dark night.

Miss you so much!
Thanks for making me smile and giving me hope.

We  you dad!
Hey I just came to make fun of you lames.
I just come by to report your tweets, lame one. Buh bye.
Is there a mosquito buzzing?

I blocked that MAGAt bot.

Bye Felicia!

Obama brings all the bots to the yard. 
No kidding! There's a few twitter accounts that bring them out by the billions. Anything #44 is a guarantee. I miss that man, his family and their high ethical standards every damn day. 
Let's reminisce of happier times!
Oh, sob!!
This is what the Presidency & being Presidential is all about. Going out to the world to sell the US, not putting up barriers to anything & everything. A free trade nation does not penalise others with pathetic tariffs, e.g. aircraft from Canada, 300% tariff!
I need to go all my words are wasted. I love and want President Trump 8 years at least.
"Why are the United Nations and the rest of the world so quiet about Hazaras being killed in Afghanistan?"
#StopHazaraMassacre
Clapper is an old crone FEM Dem while Tapper is a cute fascist FEM Dem
I love you!!!
Seems like you’ll share your empty @NobelPrize with an American president that actually did something to deserve it. 

#MAGA

That will be hard to do cuz you’ll be in GITMO.
Blah Blah Blah

Not one peep from you on the Korean War ending.....says a lot!!!
And you did nothing.  You had the power to change, instead you gave speeches we are too stupid to understand what you did.
@Christo72066620

Check out my we Got hope song Obama

I support President Trump and our nation all the way. That being said, don't disrespect our former President. I disagreed with him a more than I did not. He was still our President and it's wrong for anyone to disrespect him. When you disrespect our Presidents you disrespect 
We are all AMERICAN and it's time that we acted like it!
New talent in my country for the future but I failed. I think you will
ابو الهول عندي سر قبل ما انام # يوميات القيامة العظمي هههه هههه
https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocratsLogic/photos/a.1648005522084023.1073741829.1646874365530472/2099905323560705/?type=3 …
I want you as president again but I understand!

Trump is making Obama look like a totally incompetent wimp. The difference between a do nothing politician and a billionaire businessman running the country. I’m sure Obama is a great guy & family man but terrible POTUS.
Hello dad m'y dream IS to live in usa to do what for get a visa
Dear Ex President Mr. Obama , if possible please let me know how can I contact to you Directly ? I am Iranian and I live in Thailand ...... Thank you very much
هلا اباما
Hi mister Obama 
Im not for certin, but i think your enjoying how im handeling matters this term as the presidents man Sir/ if so thats good, stay tuned our lifes have more time, than not.
Always the class act!
I agree because you want to promote new talent in your countries. I trying before 20 year for promoting my
Did U know this about “ME” at B.A.S.E.?

B.A.S.E. MARIJUANA DOMAINS

1. N.S.C. (Natural Seed Cannibus)

2. H.D. (Hydroponic Dope Organizations Cannibus)
nice
Obama Family and Strzok Family go back decades...
Good job and good luck. A saying goes like nobleness enkindleth nobleness in the same way this good effort can bring amazing results. Wish the foundation all the best
War criminal...South Africa doesn't want you here!
What about here in the inner cities and rural country side why not here first. Why Africa first.
Although it has not passed the age of the United States of America is not only about 250 years, but it has spent 93% of its life, meaning 222 years in various wars on other countries a
Apa kabar Pak Obama?...i can't imagine the world without USA... greetings from Indonesia.
The Jerry Seinfeld Presidency. Meaning your presideny was about...
Sounds to me like another clinton foundation,you crooked pos!
你是个善良的人
God bless you
Yesssss, I would love to be there!
Recognizing opportunity and taking advantage
and using that skill with education is the challenge....i wish them great success!
You are so lame!
Just wondering what you did to deserve the Nobel Peace Prize other then bomb the shit out of Syria, let ISIS roam free, and do nothing to your home town of Chicago. #Fraud #Obama #ObamaGate #WorstPresidentEver
talented: eyes to see in
front and the distance,
nose to tell if everyone can keep alive there, hand and foot to work, ear to hear somebody's advice and explain, mouth to communicate and warn?  as you know.
We have a president that is taking the country to the gutter, feel completely hopeless and depressed and I am afraid he will get re-elected .,can’t focus on anything else !
hello  Barack
يسكيوزمي
This is what real leadership looks like, you sorry POS.
奥巴马先生，您好

Hey you had done your best while you were in the whitehouse

and the occupation of all over the world ... More than 90 war and aggression, including war crimes Which shows that it is the hottest and the most brutal civilization has been through history according to that black list:
Back in your homeland. Good. Stay there.
Intelligent...... talk
Miss your class and deportment.
To make AMERICA BETTER (not Africa) you need DRAGON ENERGY.
Apparently, you don't have any of that.
I love how @RealCandaceO and @kanyewest think.
hi baracka

Good for you captain
It will be a great day when you are finally in Guantanamo!

Welcome home Mister President
Mr. President please go to Chicago and tell them to stop tge killing. They will listen if you go. You represent our freedom. Speak and they will listen.
Building a better tomorrow
You are so are awesome
I WISH YOU http://THE.MR .OBAMA.GOD BLESS YOUR LEGACY

So many concrete goals, so little time!
كيف حالك يا اوباما عساك طيب
