Happy Presidents Day!!
Little Alien loves you and your family 

#ObamaWasBetter
Happy Presidents Day, President Obama @BarackObama We will always love you, respect you and appreciate your excellent leadership, diplomacy and economic restoration!
#ObamaWasBetter #TrumpTrollDay 
奥巴马先生你好。我来自中国，也是你忠实的粉丝。衷心的祝愿你和米歇尔夫人健康快乐
That's so sweet & beautiful picture
Full of love and happiness
It's like: I just call to say I love you
Sweet 
I agree
Mr.President Happy #HappyPresidentsDay  #ObamaAppreciationDay #PresidentsDay2018
ＬOV E100%
Can you make our Hackathon a better place too? It's March 2nd & 3rd on Howard University's campus!
@aunyks do I roll thru? Lol
Shooottt id be down. I’m helping organize it tho so I probably can’t hack

I miss you in the whitehouse
@maria
Hi
So nice to see a First Couple who’s clearly in love with each other.  God, I miss those two. 
They’re SO unlike the two creeps currently squatting in our WH. #TRUMP only uses Melania for arm candy, & she very clearly despises him. (Rightly so)
Come back
 Seek Some Help!!

Wish you were still President. I miss feeling safe.

America misses you.
Love
Hello mister president for me u still the president I do not know the stupid poppy they put after u I hope now you enjoy the fabulous moment with ur family god bless u love from  
Finally, just watched your segment with @Letterman - My wife, @iamracheljolley + I are determined to shake your hand sometime soon. Thank you for giving us hope  #bestpresident
Michelle for President 2020 !!! Wonderful !!!!
,back to yeah, 
Obama's.
No words  ok, a few...please come back. Pleaseeeeee
What a beautiful couple! You are great role models for everyone (especially for young people).
Happy new year happy birthday happy Valentine’s Day
Love them!
(⊙o⊙)哇 秀恩爱
哈哈哈
Lovely photo,  best wishes to you both.
Best Wishes!
COME BACK DAD
SUPER COUPLE 
I love you both
Vére good
Miss you former president and your princes Michelle
DROP DEAD BARRY & that also goes for your BOSS Wealthy Iranian PRICESS & TERRORIST Valery Jarrett! —-> we have been ON TO YOU FOR 8 years now & you have NOWHERE TO RUN TO & NOWHERE TO HIDE —-> we have ALL THE EVIDENCE we need so don’t worry CNN cannot help you now #ObamaGate #NRA
Miss you two so much! But I totally respect the rest you must need from all of the attacks from the dregs of society.
I spam all your precious moments not only because I like them because I Want you to become president again
100% transgender baphomet confirmed
I'll say congrats to two of the best pass thru the white house and admire the relationship u both got all the best to each and everyone of u.
Hi friend
You and Michelle look so happy Mr President! We were told the be reflective by #45  today.  I think of your kindness and all you did for us.  look through your wonderful photos, how you are such a leader, I miss you but happy for you too! All the best!
They’re so perfect. 
All about class.
Love you guys♡
Hi Obama family
"Bad and Boujee - Migos"
Love you both.

you two are way too fine!!!!!! love you bunches!!!!
A beautiful photograph of you both...this is a late message, but may love be with you always.
Seeing Barack and Michelle is like melancholic, like thinking: “man, those were the days” when there was peace in the White House, now it’s like they closed all of the nut houses and put all of the feeble minded people in one.

very nice
Beautiful
You have an excellent personality sir, official as well as personal...salute
Beautiful Wonderful and Gorgeous!
Friendly and warm...are the words that come to mind when I look at this lovely photo.
My father
My hero that I have seen during my life time & we will be always remembered your legacy dad
Love this picture of the both of you. Mr. President Obama thank you for all you did and are continuing to do. May God bless you and your family.
You both are beautiful couple
Beautiful. I miss you both President Obama and First Lady Michelle.
ఐ లవ్ ఒబామా (I LOVE OBAMA)
Love you two!
Thank you so much
You were a great president. better for negotiations. with canada free trade not trump we miss you your kindness.
Happy Valentines Day
Hermosa pareja linda foto hermoso el paisaje.
I love you guys immensely. Have a jolly good time.
i’m cry
WE MISS YOU TWO! COME SAVE US FROM THE TROLL & HIS FAMILY THAT ARE LIVING IN OUR WHITEHOUSE!!!! PLEASE!
Hello I am hmmong vietnam
Obama is not  as good as trump
Overheard, two 60 something white women at Starbuck's DuPont Circle, Washington DC: " I miss the Obama's. No bragging about p_ssy grabbing and talk of Russian prostitutes urinating on him in a Moscow hotel"
nice pic both of you :)
Gd bless you....
In whole universe nobody like you dear Mr. and Mrs. Obama. Your ideas more inspiring me because there are lovely ideas for social work. So in the world I love both of you and your ideas very much.
how I can speak with Mr Obama  ?
Happy Khmer New Year

......................................................................

Ap2!.
Boy oh boy I remember when you visited my grandparents house in Cleveland Ohio on Holbourn ave. And my grandma made you guys pies omg you made his day that day every since he and his wife passed away and I just want to say thank you!

Every woman would be Blessed to have a Barack Obama in their lives, So Blessed
Too cute
Beautiful couple
Oh how I miss seeing a first class first lady in the office!@
What are Mr.Obama and Ms.MichelleObama,big family are fine.And actyvity Mr.Obama now.
#beautiful
Simply Beautiful Good-Lookin Pic My President Barack and First Lady! You will Always be my President. However, Since I'm a Real Christian Believer I will always Pray Without Ceasing  for Donald Trump ,and All White House Constituents etc. according to the Word of God!
Cute gay couple
Now that's what u call really life 
Ae da khar bchya
Beautiful moment
America misses you both.. You both Rock. The hater are now stuck with a lying, racist orange baboon destroy our democracy and raping the economy and his spineless colleagues are too afraid to stop him. We will stop  this Putin puppet when WE vote again. WE ARE THE USA not trump.
Lindos
It may be a little bit difficult to respond to this, due to the large amount of followers and funs a like, me being one of them, responding to ur tweets. But I just wish one day, very soon for that matter, you will visit Africa, Kenya to  be specific.
SALUDOS desde Nicaragua que romántico esta esa pareja
يازينك
عناقاحميمألوكأن في اقاف الحروب
Dharm
Aww 
I am a student at Tanzania country l wanted to join the higher level education in United States of America but am low in financial ability I looking for somebody to help me thank you
May Allah bless this couple
Great!  The Obamas are great!
خيليم عالي
You too.
Beautiful
Cherish the LOVE...Bofayall!
Miss you two so very much.  You’ve got a lock on how it is live a happy, giving life.  Enjoy, and please stay in the mix of what’s happening in DC these days.  We need your sane and helpful thoughts on how to navigate trump’s brutal, wannabe dictatorship.

Bellos!!
Big mike and six fingers. Lmao
very nice
That's what we call love 
It's nyc
Go away. Please.
Did you feel that way while having your affairs?
So sweet Barack Obama i wish I could meet you your my biggest inspiration
As a white girl.    Not about color.  Just trying to get color.     When the sun is shining!! God Bless You and All Girls!
Sweet!
I'm fan
LOL ESTAS Mas Delgado PEña Nieto :V
Beautiful 
Hpy dy
Mr.and Mrs Obama Every day of giving selfishness Love not just gifts,but Love from within. Your Love for each other displays the inner beauty that the World Love. You made us all feel warm and giving Love to our family. Love Hide a malitude of sin. 
We Missed You!
いい感じー
Beautiful couple
https://soundcloud.com/elithamedic/im-hungry-prod-by-elithamedic402 …
Nice view
خزي عليكم ياضياع تحشنوا شويهه اجعروا
Fuck your excuses.
Fuck your inaction.
Fuck your thoughts and prayers.
Fuck your ignorance.
Fuck your "If the teachers were armed..."
Fuck your guns.

DO something already.
братан молодец
Beautiful picture.  I pray that God keeps you and gives you the desires of your hearts. 
Author Pamela Pettway
#GetOnBoardHaveHeart
H. C. E. P USA copyright 09
You both brought so much grace, humanity, and culture to the offices of President & First Lady & you're both so damn good-looking. Please come back. <3
这小日子过的
We need you guys back omg. This new babysitter is scary.
In-fu**’n believable! Why oh why don’t you & Mike take a hike. If the world’s lucky you just might get lost
i wish you would retweet this security guard in a federal building throwing around a sr citizen veteran and he is a federal employee! sorry Michele.
Sir you and your wife' have helped to civilised the world..There can be no greater praise than that...hands up' there's an officer an deck! Thank you continually for your magnificent terms as president..hershy
Americas' favorite scandal/cheat-free FIRST COUPLE! <3 Amazing!
Gitmo is looking like you new home
Aww thats so kind of you!
Lindosss
if you need professional Logo Animation intro video for your business  and company... please Check it out! i will create 12 animated logo intro  video for $5 on #Fiverr -
Nics
Mr. formal President BarackObama you and miss Michelle Obama looks so beautiful and happy  I know use are enjoying every day
You looked so relaxed now! I can say I wish you were still in the White house,you are the most down to earth people. we miss you. <3
Love you both 
Nice love, long love. You are great man in the world. er.q.azam
Aw 

bien venu en haute loire Mr et Me Obama.
a gauche au fond le pic de Lisieux ,à droite le Mezenc, et au sommet du Mezenc vous pouvez apercevoir l homme à la parka rouge..
I miss you two!
99
I love you two xx
Love!!
Nice.
Though late, my sentiments are not diminished in the least. I wish to you and you family absolute love on this day of acknowledgement. I pray for your continued good health and well-being. And I thank you for all that you have, and continue to give to the people...God Bless you.
Nice... They are special!
[+]
[++]
[+++]
#DrainDeepState
#DrainTheSwamp
#CorruptCongress
#SecretSocieties
#ObamaGate
#LockHerUp
#ExposeTruth
#GreatAwakening
#TheStormIsHere
#WeThePeople
#AmericansAreDreamersToo
#AmericaFirst
#ReleaseTheCures
#MAGA
#QAnon
#Mockingbird
#MKUltra
#FakeNewsMedia
#Deplorables
You're an amazing classy couple... THANKS FOR everything....
Dünyayı yaşanılmaz bir yer haline getirdiniz.Tebrik ederim.
Respect

PLEASE COME BACK AND SAVE US!!! PLEASE
Come back Barack and Michelle <3
The best First Couple ever! @CarmenDeVito
So Happy To See My President and First Lady Happy and enjoying Life! Well earned! Thank You for the service to our Country and lifting all AMERICANS! Michelle don't get into politics and keep Barack away! Only way to enjoy your family and Life God Bless!!
I miss you guys so much
How do you stay sane after an 8 yr (amazing) presidency?!
We love you guys so much! Thank you for displaying excellence  in all you do!!!
I wish you were still presedant. I hate Trump. Your better than him. Please try to become presedant again i really miss you.
Happy Presidents’ Day Barack and Michelle!
We love you and miss you! 

Please, gather all former US Presidents and speak out against the insane unfit unhinged 
Current Occupant 45. 
We the People cannot take this anymore!
Wish these two could still occupy the White House.
Happy Presidents Day President Obama God bless you and your lovely family
supper
Happy Valentine’s Day President Obama and First Lady Obama! God bless you and your entire family! You are loved and missed!
爱你.
You both inspire me every day! Thank you both for being lights in this ever negative world. We all miss you both.
Hi
Come back Obama!
Sir i say think one.. looking so cute..
Thank GOD they’re not in the WH!
wow


Still using #Blackberry，sir？
MISTER PRESIDENT, who is @dbmain? Was joking about killing me. You were the 2nd person to follow his account. Who is he?
@MicheaLeeNelson
@terry_vestal
@LisaMei62
@cparham65
@DwyerEllen
@JackTsJourney
@DasHitman
@SueDTweets
@outdoorwanderer
@JVH241
@AnonymTipster
@SunnyDayUSA1
Wow
A great president and First Lady.
I really miss the both of you. You will always be my President and First Lady.
Happy Valentine's Day Guys
-Love 
#IAMCHEFVITALOVE  let me make you guys dinner if you ever come to Hollywood
Le Couple OBAMA ET MICHELE EST UN COUPLE EXEMPLALAIRE C'est comme Ma CHERIE EMILIE  ET MOI  ON VIT DES HAUTS  ET DES BAS MAIS ON S'AIME TOUJOURS ! J'ADORE MA FEMME @Emilie_RNT 
