I wish you was still in the white house
Delete this.
I think this is the first time I’ve ever shuttered at an Obama tweet.
"Shuddered".  Unless you literally got up and closed the shutters on your windows. If you have shutters. Duh
me @ my grammar
Is Obama aware he's not running for office? He can be honest on this one
He is the kind of guy who looks for, and tried hard to find, the good in people.  That's why he's so beloved, as opposed to the Orange Menace (who assumes everyone but him is a jerk).
Look as you may, there is nothing good to find about Billy Graham and his spawn. I agree with the person that said, Ok, President Obama you are no longer running for office, be straight about B. Graham.
The same could be said about you, Mr. President.
Kind words for a noblel man of God
I love you Pres Obama but I respectfully disagree.
That is big of you to say.

As always, Mr. President, you handle everything with grace and class. We love you.
Thanks for all you do and all that you stand for Mr. President!
Thank You Mr. President,Wish you were still here.
We miss you Mr. President!!!
Btw, I don’t care for Evangelicals! They are the original cause of the evil and division in US
Well said.
Wasn't really feeling the love and guidance... He may have done well by many people, but the man also hurt countless individuals in the LGBT and other communities. We don't need to celebrate his death, the same as we don't need to celebrate his life. 

Ex.
Rev. Graham didn’t direct his teachings toward the LGBT community. He simply preached the word of God, with great passion. The word teaches against homosexuality. Therefore, Graham taught against it as well. He simply wanted everyone to try to live according to the word of God.
If “God” made ANYONE he made EVERYONE!!! That includes people who live in ways you may not understand. That isn’t their problem, it is yours! If you call yourself a “Christian” then love like one!!! The “Bible” is but a book written by man
Well if you don’t believe the Bible why would u elaborate on how u feel a Christian should behave?I just think it’s funny u telling G how to live based on a book u say u don’t believe http://in.lol 
Your tweet screams schizophrenia.its like me telling u how to fly a plane but I don’t believe planes can fly.
We miss you so much
We don't !!!!!!!
Come on.
He could have just said nothing. It's not that hard.
Thank you for being everything a President, and a human being should be.  You would be sorely missed with, or without the inhuman tyrant we are currently dealing with.  Thank you, Mr. President.
the government care more for churchs than America what a disgrace to America.
Too bad his message was lost on his son.
...my mom loved Billy Graham
Go away
You are the best PRESIDENT EVER!!! I WISH YOU COULD'VE DID A 3RD TERM!!! WE MISS YOU!!! CLASS AND ELEGANCE!! WHAT WE HAVE NOW IS A MESS!!! WE LOVE YOU BARACK!!!!
He was not great.
Just like nobama the fraud
no he was gross
Such beautiful words for a hater !hate is a sickness and Graham was one of the haters no grace no love no compassion no nothing ...
Nah.  I don't do biblical religion.  Actually he was quite horrible to my favorite minority.
Humble Servant Prayed Wisdom Grace Hope Guidance Thank you Billy Graham! 
Come on @BarackObama . You are my favorite prez. But Billy Graham Evangelical Association continues to advocate gay ‘cure’ therapy on its website. The guy is jerk.
Agreed. Too bad his son is a tool.
So do you!
You are kind Mr. President. Especially since Billy Graham, motivated by racism, broke rank with his long tradition of never endorsing a candidate for president to support Mitt Romney in order to keep you from being reelected. Yet, you show great class and dignity by honoring him.
To bad the folks in the Oval missed the message.
He was known for locating love in Christianity. Let’s see if he can help us from behind this earth
WTF Mr. President? Billy Graham was a money grubbing divisive fake Christian. I can't believe you tweeted this.
Pretty sure he'll say no, but can you tell Trump to stop sounding like a fortune cookie when he's supposed to sound remorseful?
You didn't pay respect at his memorial service.
Thank you, this is an appropriate time for thoughts and prayers.
How is it that you get things so right and yet @realDonaldTrump gets everything wrong?
#JusticeForAsifa India
He wasn't humble.

Prayer is the least effective action one can take.

Lying to people about a nonexistent god only constitutes false hope.
He prayed for the eradication of my people. He was a monster. Why are eulogizing him?--you have no more races to run.
He prayed for salvation very different.  You can still be saved Jesus loves you and will forgive you!
Billy Graham conned $30,000 p.a. from a gullible friend of mine by promising her it was God's price for a place in heaven. 
He was a despicable con-man who preyed on people's fears.
What a lie.
He also preached fake news  when will we teach our children facts instead of bible stories.  Trump is one issue then we have Republicans and evangelicals. Science is real
Obama is not an atheist....
Besides why is the way you feel about this more right than someone else's? Everything is just aroms colliding in space, the truth is inconsequential.
he absolutely called you the N-word in private conversation
Was someone recording this like they do.whenever the president has a conversation in private
Oh wow “here is what obama Did this week Instead Of attending Billy Graham’s  Funeral... not be attending any of the memorial services for legendary evangelical minster”Really
Ok
Black people's money is as green as white's.
nah
Yeah and why were you there hmmmm??
You are missed so much you were the best president ever
Remember when we had a great leader that gave a damn?  How is it now?
I really want to go back to having a sane, sensible president. #RepealAndReplaceTrump
Like this guy
Mr President your grace and eloquent style is so missed.  One of if not the best oratory speakers of all time.  Your contributions are duly noted...
Thank you Oba
you dont have to do this kinda shit anymore you know that right
You do know that Barack’s church hates gays. He went to that church for over 20 years. But hey you blindingly follow him.
wow. your right. i hate gays now. thanks for opening up my eyes
No dear. Not my statement or my premise. What I said was Obama flip flops. His pastor for over 29 years did not care about gays https://www.queerty.com/wrights-conflicting-gay-views-20080320/amp … yet you praise Obama where Obama did zero for gay causes.
You hating Graham for one statement on AIDS which he apologized for publicly two weeks later  demonstrates your alliances are easily bent.
oh i get it now. obama is bad for being anti-gay but the dead preacher guy is good for being anti-gay. makes sense. thanks for setting me straight
You could not follow logic if it but you in the arse. Obama has done zero for gays yet you praise him under false idéations he has. Graham has never done anything to limit gays but you vilify him because you just want to. There is your hypocrisy
my initial tweet was definitely praising obama and was definitely not implying his tweet is bad. youve caught me in a web of lies of my own making
@BarackObama
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982723421326004224 … 7306
Are you Viking lovers ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/cy7tde 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/cy7tde 
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time
…
Billy Graham was simply a humble servant of the Lord. He allowed our Lord to use His mouth to preach repentance and salvation through Jesus Christ. We'll see Billy Graham again in God's kingdom. Blessings to you and your family Barack Obama!!!
So nice of you to skip his funeral.
ارسل عشرة الف دولار
@RyanColpaart
His need to be PC is why we have @realDonaldTrump. I’d have tweaked it slightly : Billy Graham was a charlatan who prayed for so many - and who, with arrogance masquerading as humility, gave false hope and misled generations of Americans.
And never once did he ever out of the words God damn America
Obama you’re above this. Billy Graham was a homophobic bigot who made lives for countless LGBTQ Americans more difficult to this day. The world is a better place without him. Delete this tweet.
Authoritarian much? That’s really humorous to me, that you think you can order the former President to censor himself so that you don’t have to be uncomfortable.
Who is asking for censorship? Graham was a tyrant. Obama was a great leader - it’s an insult to his own legacy to mourn the loss of a bigot.
You did, clearly. When you demand someone not say something because you don’t like it, you are calling for censorship.
I’m demanding Obama acknowledge that Graham was not a good person, and his life’s work was to actively undermine progress Obama enacted particularly on the LGBTQ community. I don’t want censorship, I want obama to call him the bigot that he was.
Exactly. You can “request” whatever you want (misguided though it may be), but in no way do you have any authority to demand *anyone* to say what you want them to, much less a former President. Ever heard of the 1st amendment?
Yeah. I’ve also heard of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell and the Defense of Marriage Act. Both supported by Graham, both ended by Obama. Considering the president is a civil servant elected to work for his/her constituents I’m within my rights to demand a consistent message.
Except that he’s a civilian now, and kind-hearted Twitter posts don’t equate to public policy anyway. Obviously you have the right to *try* to control the opinions of others, but it’s a silly approach and it is against the spirit of personal expression.
Tendi foi nada, mas vc é o cara, vem aqui pro Brasil acaba cm a corrupção, traz a neve e os iPhone barato e diminui os impostos e.. vem logo cara tamo na merda.
Amen.
Obummer, you could have gone there to pay the proper respect.
You are full of you know what:
With immense respect Mr President, I believe it was Billy Graham who ‘founded’ Christian fundamentalism in the USA, which today is responsible for the rise in white supremacist groups hiding behind their faith while they carry out atrocities in the name of God
But did Graham anticipate this and is he responsible?
He never spoke against it, so yes, he is.
This is disappointing
It's revealing.  Barack Hussein Obama  despises Christians.
Ummm but ya never paid your respects... to such a good and godly man ... shame shame on  Y O U!
Disagree on this one, Mr. Obama. Do a little reading on Graham and the LGBTQ Community.
Isn’t he the guy who wanted Nixon to drop the nuclear bomb on the Vietcong? Man of God. Sure.
You're such a nice man. How come I can't find a photo of Graham meeting with you during your time in office? At the side of Presidents throughout history??!! I don't think so.
No
He was a bigot who personally sought to cause LGBTQ people to commit suicide. Shame on you for elevating this charlatan.
Don’t believe the propaganda against Graham. He never hated gay people, only held a view of marriage that excluded them. To call him a “bigot” for that is to do a disservice to the word, when other countries literally deny human rights to LGBTQ. And he never “sought suicide.”

with all due respect, Rev. Graham was a bigot whose backward beliefs harmed many people.

Florida school shooting survivor calls Melania Trump a coward https://susanorji.blog/2018/02/25/florida-school-shooting-survivor-calls-melania-trump-a-coward/ … via @suzdick
Respected, Sir your Good Wokre Americans, Sir  I am  H.Y.@HYUDAYKUMAR  @PMOIndia  INDIA MAN Sir Thanks to you Sir
He brought me to the Gospel. I pray you find Jesus too
Such a shame that Franklin is destroying his father’s legacy.
Dear me president. We miss you so much.
R.I.P. Billy Graham! Billy Graham never did get get involved in the civil rights movement.... I wonder why?

Empty words...you didn’t even make the effort to attend his funeral... Quit grandstanding!
But your schedule is so busy, U could not go in person to pay respects like Clinton and Bush? One can only speculate the TRUE reason.
May the Almighty bless the departed soul Eternal Joy.
YOU'RE SO TWO FACED, WHY DIDN'T YOU SHOW UP AT HIS FUNERAL?  BECAUSE HE WAS WHITE,?  BECAUSE HE WAS A CHRISTIAN? BECAUSE YOU WERE TOO BUSY PLOTTING AGAINST OUR PRESIDENT? BET IF IT WAS JACKSON OR OLD AL, YOU'D BE GIVING THE EULOGY.
Unlike you Barack
He was also a homophobe and a well-documented anti-Semite; not with you on this one President.
Y'all voted for THIS guy TWICE.... LOL.
But you’re not attending his funeral.
Just shows your moral fiber @BarackObama 
Because I feel that Billy Graham failed to support you as other presidents. You are the finest of fine #MYPOTUS4EVR
Anybody who believes in God and the bible could never say homosexuality isn't a sin!!! Smh...you don't get to pick and choose which parts of the bible are correct..either you believe or you don't
It’s never a sin to love your nexts.
To believe in god doesn’t mean that you are stupid and intolerant. Love is love. Nobody should bee doomed because of who they love.
Don’t throw the first stone.
Life is too short, take care of your life. Be good and don’t judge people. 
Welcome Zanzibar
Please show some mercy on syrians ..all world leaders ...sir u can bring back peace again in Syria it's horrible to see all those children crying for their lifepls do consider sir
🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒
Fuck this bullshit.
Billy Graham was a huckster and charlatan, and his infiltration of the political system set back civil rights for decades.  I know you feel you have to be diplomatic here...but you really shouldn't. You're a private citizen now.
So why did you not attend the funeral?
I will not celebrate anyone who hides behind fairy tales to justify discrimination against gays and lesbians.
Billy Graham was a 99 year old agent of Satan, a fraudster, and lier. He finally took his dirt nap. Wait until he’s hit with the reality that’s there’s nothing but hell, fire, and brimstone waiting on him, instead of the pearly gates he expected.
The American people need our  president back
@RoamingMil I understand why you liked this but I’m trying really really hard to forget this failure of a president and block out those 8 years from my memory. When you like stuff like this... it dampers my recovery. #healingtakestime 
He only prayed for the presidents and for our taxes that presidents gave to him.  All those Pastors, Rabbis,  Prices, etc etc. are at least milliners, many billionaires, and child molest and papers.  Go to hell with all of them. and the presidents who protect them too.
Yes, we should start some kind of prayer union. I believe doing this will bring our world peace and help spread love and kindness.
Let’s not forget his decades-long crusading against the LGBTQ community 
Oh, well, if that’s true.
You couldn’t attend the funeral of America’s Pastor but you could be in Shitcago promoting your Library! #WorstPresidentSinceCarter
Graham was a multi millionaire reverend. For the first time I do not agree with you. He dumbed down the American voter.

https://youtu.be/BSIPSiWL7Us 
ලස්සනයි

Really? Did an evangelist hack your Twitter feed, Obama? You may want to look up what the word HUMBLE means.
Sir please talk to Donald Trump to caution his self the way he talk with emotions to whatever happens, like what he said that the teacher should also use gun, to cub the gun from the society is the solution
Yeah, you coulda used some of that guidance instead of having sleepovers with Sharpton.
True, l salute him
Why didn’t you go to funeral ?? Not right religion ??
Exactly
https://plus.google.com/114150787101604978003/posts/7T5CHFJJL4p … 

https://plus.google.com/114150787101604978003/posts/a24LU2owdWH …

https://plus.google.com/114150787101604978003/posts/HFx8rdY5hzk …

https://plus.google.com/108393526531135292764/posts/LMn6diFyV8e …
The Constitution calls him a terrorist; unfortunately for what reasons may be, senators don’t. They call him president as if the emoluments clause and establishment clause were just for OTHER PEOPLE but not for their Fuhrer. https://twitter.com/mfinizza/status/969547614315163648 …
https://youtu.be/_w6eqHOE2qo  

https://plus.google.com/108393526531135292764/posts/KBbc7d8eyem …

https://plus.google.com/108393526531135292764/posts/7P6RPymGWeD …

https://plus.google.com/114150787101604978003/posts/UwbpGvdEwhB …
Ok barak.. on te suit. . La ou tu vas.  C est Toi le boss
Love you. You are great.
With respect, sir, you are so very wrong here. He was a hateful, homophobic, antisemitic man who raised a son that is even more so.
Thank you President Obama. If all the people who say they loved Billy Graham (who deserves much honor) would practice what he preached, what a better Nation we would be.
Yeah and you choose to hang with Rev Wright. So glad ur GONE!!!
I prayed for your family as well as my own. I wrote u my story but u never even read it. And u talk about  God .my name is Elaine Ridley from  Nashville Tennessee.
Not only in america but also the whole world
You spied on trump...bwahahaha
Sir, respectfully, Billy Graham was an anti-Semitic bigot. He may have supported Israel but he urged Nixon to rid the country of Jewish influence. He also organized and promoted Protestant ministers to oppose JFK because of his Catholicism. I have to respectfully disagree.
From Rolling Stone: ”he was not only a virulent homophobe, but a few other not-so-Godly things as well: Jew-basher, aspiring war criminal, back-stabbing political operator and Christian Dominionist predicting imminent apocalypse, for starters.”
Unfortunately, he was a vile homophobe.
And a birther! You didn't need to say this one...
I meant Obama didn't need to weigh in on this.
My dear, and greatly missed President... that description also fits you! Thank you for who you are, and for the inspiration you daily bring to our lives.Yes, the audacity of hope-we still have it.
Rev Billy Graham was a real worldwide servant; he will be missed, we need people like him on this side but, his spirit will remain forever!
Nope.
Didnt really kno Billy Graham.
I love Obama. This is certainly not the first time I’ve disagreed with him. Meanwhile, I thought Billy Graham had died a long time ago. Now we have to deal with his horrible son.
"Horrible" by your definition, not God's. Billy Graham never died.
And loved God and Son of God a faithful man a servant of Jesus Christ #BillyGraham #manofGod
Merci pour ces bonnes explications
Not only generation of america, he has gone but never forgotten in Africa and all over the world
He was a POS who raped children and STOLE MILLIONS from poor people...
Said with grace and eloquence as always #missobama
Barak Obama, Billy Graham would ask you, "Who do you say Jesus is?"
...and an elitist anti-Semite...but who can doubt the self-righteous?
Ilaveeyou BarackObama
How about not being President?
Mr President, he was an enemy to lgbtq Americans   Full stop. You would not support him if he was racist. Why forgive his homophobia then?
I am your biggest supporter, Mr. President. But in response to this Tweet - are you not aware Billy Graham was an outspoken anti-Semite?
No, he was not.
Are you serious, nobody cares what you think.
That he did for sure and no matter the belief he was a very good man and left his mark here on this world.

You should never talk ill of the dead, only good.

Billy Graham is dead. Good.
Also champion for civil rights
God Bless Billy Graham’s Soul.  He was a humble servant of God.
He would be disappointed that you could memorialize him without mentioning Jesus Christ.
Thank you Billy for the Hope you’ve left behind. Till we meet Rev. Hope
Did your pastor really say all those nasty white comments?
And did you just say something nice about an actual Man of God. And do you think for one second your scam is not obvious to educated women and men.
Thank you Mr PRESIDENT!  
C Nolen Hudson
I beg to differ. He was a vile, controlling homophobic bigot, not a Christian. He created hate and division within communities and was motivated by money and the control of those who fell under his spell. The world is a better place without him.
He was a homophobe and an anti-semite. He only gave hope to those he didn't feel the need to condemn. Love you but you missed the mark here.
How could you?  This was not a humble man. This was not a good man. He was a trauma maker, an end-of-times fearmonger, an anti-semite, a homophobe and worked to mobilize AGAINST federal efforts for equality and justice. He was a toxic force against humanity. #RevisionistHistory
A homophobe for saying homosexuality is a sin. Oh okay then I guess the apostle Paul was homophonic for saying homosexuals must be born again and won’t enter Gods kingdom.
I didn't know the apostle Paul was a musician.
