Is it not apparent?  Pres Trump is vindicated by Comey, yet Reed insists there is "burden" on Pres Trump  What burden?  Word manipulation.
I've been a dem ALL my life and I'm 60 yrs. I will NEVER EVER vote for another EVIL, LYING dem! 
False! You know better than that. The burden was on Comey, he vindicated Trump, DNC charade is over.
OOOOHHHHH I HOPE SOOOOOO AND SOON!!
Personal memos written to his self are not classified. Try to keep up.
How can he claim vindication when the probe is still going on?
He'll come forward but he will lie his way thru it taking an oath means nothing to him!!
President Trump was/is not under investigation.  Seems some of you missed this...or ignoring. Shocking.
He was not under COINTEL investigation **at time of Comey's firing**. Also, he IS under CRIMINAL investigation via NYAG RICO case.
investigations will continue through next 8 yrs.There are a lot of people upset Hilary lost$$$
Has nothing to do with HRC losing. Sounds like you're so mired in partisan tribalism you can't fairly judge your own party's behavior. Sad.
I won't bother to respond with a personal insult. I do hope 1 day u wake up. Good luck w/that.
How embarrassed are you going to be when Fake President is in jail with all his commie GOP'ers? You got conned. Only Fake News was to u!
Can't take u seriously.Thanx 4 the entertainment, tho. Good luck in ur delusion.
Seth Rich, DNC staffer & Bernie supporter was murdered,days B4 he was to testily about voter fraud & DNC emails.
CNN is cracking me up! How is it their reporting is completely opposite and full of BS?!
Are you freaking dreaming?  How do you know if Trump is telling the truth?   He isn't known for being truthful on anything so far?  Why now?
GROW SOME BALLS DEMOCRATS! FIGHT FOR OUR COUNTRY & OUR DEMOCRACY!!!!!!
He did ,comey lied and leaked
Trusting the President to tell the truth is like asking the dog "who shit on this floor?"
Oh lord, Trump is probably is into that too.......
He's been attacked by msm and dem politicians with a false narrative to destroy his presidency..he owes you contempt...you're a joke
ever heard hedging ur bet? Ever think why comey gave up he leaked? Ever wonder who l
not talking classified or not he LEAKED he didn't have anything to go to superiors
don't play dumb when in office if he felt so strong he should have gone to DOJ
NJ, high school students have Trump logo photo shopped off their t-shirts? Censorship by left 2 minimize popularity of Pres.  Manipulation
OAN is offering 100K for information re: murdered DNC staffer, Seth Rich.  Wikileaker? Email Tips@OANN.com  DNC has not contributed?
Is Reed demanding yet a sixth committee?  How many R engaged in finding dirt on Pres Trump but nothing comes of it except another committee?
Why ??
it's not a trial Jack -  by Comey's words Trump was never under investigation - so the matter is dead - its over - grow up- golden girl lost
The #POTUS was vindicated yesterday! He had every right 2 fire #JamesComey or ask 2 drop Flynn case. Dems, and @CNN obsessed!
BET he has some excuse not to.
u wish, good for CNN ratings bad for Country last thing @POTUS need is to continue fueling this nonsense
The President has shown his burden the burden is on Comey to show he didn't commit a CRIME.
Release the undoctored tapes.
Conspiracy News Network.
Leave POTUS alone, you need to look at the Clintons and Comey as they are the ones hiding stuff, Let POTUS do his work.
44.5 would climb a tree to tell a lie, rather than stand on the ground and speak the truth.

He can't remember.
Hook him up to a lie detector while he testifies under oath & he might be truthful half the time. Most likely he'll  fight testifying.
Comey said it.  Trump is not connected after all yr constant accusations for months. U should apologize.
Interesting. Better get a lie detector. Although some people revise history & believe it so firmly they could pass
#CNNisFakeNews
Any chance he can be strapped to a lie detector or perhaps truth serum?   LOL.  Not for me but rather for the sake of GOP and his cult.
Trump had half of the Senate that was to question Comey over for dinner. THIS caused a change in all their attitudes. More corruption.
The burden is now on president Trump to go forward and Implement agenda for the American people and leave this behind..
drumpf will never swear the oath, couldn't make stmt w/o miller or bannon writing what he should say, have you seen his depos, can't read!
Not going to happen  little Reed. CNN is a good fit for u they listen to anybody against our president.Fake  news CNN.
He doesn't have too. He can fire, close  an investigation & do what he thinks best. Your crazy news organization still sucks and is FAKE.
You will be burdened with more lies nothing else his WH DefenseTeam+Lawyer are trained2lie
http://www.amazon.com/Sharia-Exposed-Farzana-Moon/dp/0996663452/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1458732620&sr=1-1&keywords=Sharia+exposed …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
Bahahahaha Bahahahaha Bahahaha Bahahahaha
The problem with this is that Trump is a liar and we won't be able to believe a word he says.
Rogue Comey is a CONNIVER! Comey impugned HIS OWN credibility! He acknowledged trying to 'manipulate' the coverage, was deceptive.
He can not tell the truth. If anything makes him look to be wrong he will lie. He's been doing it all along.
No it isn't. It's for you to get back to work...
haha all the slimy Democrats will start caving.
Innocent until PROVE guilty applies to all citizens including the President! He doesn't need to do a thing. Comey would make a poor witness
The burden is on you to stop putting out fake news like you recently just did with Comey.
Lets see if CNN stops pushing fake news now after Comey statements. Ten years ago CNN was credible. Now it is a propaganda machine.
Keep doubting Trump supporters CNN, we as his supporters have proved you wrong many, many times so you are now FakeNews! @realDonaldTrump
Lol....
Under Oath only!!
 it'll never be enough for the rabid.
POTUS does not know how to tell the truth so don't expect anything from that man
Comey a FBI Director took no notes on Lynch & Clinton,Day 1 took notes on Trump, only came forward on claims of I HOPE, STUNNED, after fired
He doesn't have to tell you a damn thing!You heard from Comey,if that's not enough,tough!
Prez Trump's only burden is FAKE FRIGGIN NEWS
Comey has stated under oath no one tried to stop investigation: Now he is trying to claim he felt, & Stunned,he knew Trump did NOTHING WRONG
Why should he he's not under investigation or use don't believe that rate CNN of course
Why Comey told us NOTHING! @POTUS never Interfered nor tried to influence any investigation @TheDemocrats talking points are #FakeNews
@POTUS RELEASE the tapes!
Wow the Russian crow elitist had to swallow-now on to horrors of carbon emissions & bigots that hate Muslims to whitewash Islamic terrorism
More crap from the #FakeNews smoke machine known as @CNN ...
#TheResistance Turn your damn transistor off so we don't t hear your deplorable bullshit!
God you people are literally the New World Order
Well yeah. 

If he was an honorable, or even an intelligent man.
He already did. Just because you don't like his answer though, the left has a tantrum and cries foul. Grow up ffs!
TRUMPF-DRUMPF DRAFT DODGER. i HOPE YOU REALIZE THAT THE ONLY CHANCE YOU HAVE TO MAYBE GET THE TRUTH OUT OF TRUMPFIS BY USING A LIE DETECTOR
During questioning Comey specifically said at the time he left the FBI Trump was not under investigation 4 anything. Quit spreading Hysteria
Comey spoke under oath. Trump need only do an hour-long interview or spend a day uninterrupted with his smartphone to doom his presidency.
Why would u want 2 "doom his Presidency" just because u don't like him. I'll keep that in mind, next time a Dem get in.
Cue the tapes. @realDonaldTrump's "tapes" should clear all this up . #TrumpTapes #TrumpRecordings
Omg, he wanted comey to tell the public, 45 isnt under investigation like he did 4 hillary during the election.
Trump said he hope comey can let this go as in, i hope you can hlend this quick by pegal means. Because this is hurting america
Don't hold your breath.

Not going to happen. Asking him to do something he's never done in his life, good luck.
@POTUS doesn't owe you a damn thing.

NOPE #JamesComey said Trump was glad abt the Russia investigation & check his "satellites" and he fired #Flynn. Plus @POTUS not investigated
Not happening .
But.... he will not
