Seattle- Dem lawmakers demand police call "suspects", community members?  I'm a community member, if U R in a zip tie, you're a suspect!
Dem party is banking on #'s they can get  frm illegal loyalty. In return, they R not illegal but undocumented.  Not suspect, commty member
The Democrat Spin u & the rest of ur ilk need to get over the election results. BO said: "Elections have Consequences" #LyingLiberals
#LyingLiberals #LiberalTerrorists #SethRich #Clinton #MAGA #CNN #Comey #LynchObstuction  @yashar @ZaibatsuNews @abcnews @NBCNews @CBSNews
Jack your fans do not watch fox
Comey made it perfectly clear, mainstream media reported untrue leaks, from un-named sources.  This is manipulation to alter your truth.
San Francisco - Requests 4 food stamps R down 50% over last year & new apps R down 17%.  Fear of deportation cited.  Illegals take our tax $
President Obama just moved into a new mansion in DC.  First thing he did was build a wall around it.  Probably used 400K from Wall St,
America, vote these obstructionists out in 2018.  They would rather take down the country than see Pres Trump succeed.  We are winning!
Americans who resist invasion from Mexico are called racist.  We need the wall.  There is more danger than just Mex. Anyone can enter frm S
They need illegals & immigrants to take back the WH.  They don't care how they do it. U are being manipulated to believe this is compassion.
Fox FAKE News???
Unemployment 4.3, lowest in 15 years.  Dow up 16% since Pres Trump was elected.  Dow set new American record.  Remember when Dems said crash
Let's talk about the Comey Lynch conversation.  Lynch interfered with Hillary investigation.  She ordered Comey 2 avoid saying investigation
Distract, deceive, & disrupt with drivel. It's what today's Dems do best.
Where was ur call 4 Obummer 2 testify about Benghazi,IRS,Clinton emails. W/friends like u who needs enemies?!  jackass
Ur focus needs 2 B on OBSTRUCTION, not ASKING, or HOPING. bCUZ ANYTHING SHORT OF OBSTRUCTION n ur party is extinct. Green Party surpasses u
@nytimes @washingtonpost COMEY didn't have to be ASKED to do something, didn't matter with COMEY, but it does with intell CHEIFS. NONSENSE.
COMEY was never asked but u say he was ordered by "HOPE", Heads of intell were nevr ordered or pressured but being ASKED is NOW IMPORTANT.
U want people to believe that the word "HOPE" is an order, But saying one was NEVER ordered/pressured doesnt mean they weren't asked.
@nytimes How come IT MATTERS if the heads of intelligence were "ASKED", but with Comey it doesn't matter. "HOPING", to u, is ASKING/ORDERING
Listening2U, BunchofCrap!It'sAll PhonyBabble.TheTruth is starring U in yer face.STOPSpecialCounsel,IT'S ABOUT JobSecurity4U&SWAMP
I can hear that crap show in my living room as my dh "informs" himself with it. Maybe you can infuse some reason into the "news" tonight. 
Sen. Reed, u r a swamp dweller & WTP voted for @realDonaldTrump to drain the swamp!
Russia Russia Russia.... give it a rest already, you people lost the election take a nap @SenJackReed
Tired of this witch hunt and waste of time/taxpayer's money. Need to move on since there is no evidence of Russian collusion. #DrainTheSwamp
Some of the answers Reed Ur given Wallace are questionable to me Are u sure u mean what u say hmmm! Ur not choosing the right words
Can snowflakes just leave @realDonaldTrump alone so he can rebuild our country? So much bullshit in that interview and all Comey related
You're witch hunt against a sitting president w/o ANY evidence borders on #sedition .  #RhodeIsland #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
Senator u must of been at a different meeting when Comey testified Cause everything I heard is totally opposite of ur version Delusional!
Don't forget to read #Demwits handbook of lies
Theres alot to keep up with. Work thru August and get to work! Earn your pay ffs #MAGA
You have no evidence and you are burning our tax money for doing nothing but waste time. Go to do some work and earn your seat  looser
Watching. Ugh. Another hack. Says nothing new. Just more #fakerussianarrative. America needs differnt reps that care about US!
FOUR TERMS?!?!  Time to retire and make the #Senate great again 
YOU ARE SUCH A WEASLE! SICK OF YOUR BS! RUSSIA HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH MY VOTE! CROOKS IN DC LIKE YOUR SELF INFLUENCED MY VOTE!
You would not even answer the questions given to you. Resign!
Stop investigating and start passing bills.  The president is trying to get things done that matter to the American people.
Great Jack...Thanks. Please move to impeach asap so criminal charges can be made and the nightmare.can end.
we , the American public, are sick and tired of the Democratic conspiracy of collusion..there's nothing there !
You were great!
Did you investigate @AGLynch ? Right! Answer is no. So biased! So disgraceful!
#witch hunt - LET IT GO!!!
Reed will NEVER let this go. Same crap went on during Obama-you did nothing! You don't care one bit about what Americans want! #loser
LYING DUSHBAG DEMOCRATS ARE A JOKE..AND U KEEP PROVING IR RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA BLA BLA BLA U SUCK WE WILL HENCEFORTH VOTE REPUBLICAN
@SenJackReed bashing @POTUS &administration, disputing under oath testimony at #intelhearings. critical issues face U.S. & dems sabotaging
Watching U on @FoxNewsSunday makes it even more clear  U dems r grasping at straws. U have NOTHING. Move on. @realDonaldTrump 
#RussiaHoax
Does this man have a cancerous tumor under his eye? Chris Wallace softball interview was disgraceful @seanhannity @HowardKurtz @brianstelter
Typical Democratic derangement.  This Reidsville needs to go w/Harry.
Where is ur proof of anything? U & the rest of Dems should be sued for Defamation of Trump.Tell the WP DumbA to refer 2 Alan Dershowitz/auth
The left just won't give it up.  There's so much on the Dem's side that should keep you busy investigating.  Stop wasting our time.
YOU SIR~NEED 2 B ON THE RECEIVING END OF AN INVESTIGATION! ANYONE WHO LIVES IN GLASS HOUSES SHOULD NOT EVEN THROW A PEBBLE RT  JACKIE BOI...
How can Prez obstruct an investigation that Comey admits wasn't aimed at @POTUS?  I call BS #DNC #GOP Look at Obama/Clinton! Uranium, reset?
Sessions did not tell our PRESIDENT to get rid of comey dick,Rosenstein did and you are trying to confuse American people by being a selfish
Brown trying to undercut American car industry costing American jobs
You know real crimes , or how about dick Durbin and South Korea pulling thaad,endangering 24000 in Seoul
You ALL need to get back to working for the American people on creating jobs, good health care and restoring infrastructure!
Since Lynch and Comey covered up for Hillary will there be a new investigation into Hillary?
Saw you, you could not disguise your partisan narratives. Phony political agenda just keep this up 2018 is soon.....
How about looking into wasserman Shultz obstruction , Pakistanis hackers hired by house democrats,and how did they get out of country .
You looked like you want to create an issue with @realDonaldTrump instead of finding truth. Stop the side show and get on with business.
When is Comey going to be charged with leaking government material? When is Lynch going to be charged with obstruction of justice?
I am a regular American citizen. When I watched Comey I concluded that he IS a nut job! You all are nut jobs!
Independents and conservative actually have a brain . This with hunt is to deflect from crimes from previous admin . Comey corrupt sob
Sessions will waltz thru your questioning because he is not guilty of anything,you guys should focus on American people.
We the people demand a special council to investigate every one of you politicians to see how y'all make millions while in office.
Democrats are full of crap, now only threat to American people is the fake news, news generated from democrats . Stick to liberal rags
There's nothing left to investigate!!! COMEY IS A NUT JOB! WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO TO HELP BETTER THE LIVES OF EVERYDAY AMERICANS? WASTE $!
Stop blaming Russia for  Obamas #DeepState crimes!!!!!!
Name those crimes? Evidence or supporting articles or such? None? Didn't think so.
I was appalled by everything you said on the show, you are desparate and keep on with the same old questions. Sham
Thanks to #Wikileaks we know that the corrupt CIA, NSA, and intel has the cyber tools to hack and give appearance of Russia. #Vault7
Yeah I'm watching and you are a liar,go to work,you are talking about POTENTIAL legal problems on the American peoples dime,go to work loser
Democrats = liars . What happened to looking into crimes we know occurred leaking , unmasking, sharing classified information with Hillary
@SenJackReed  the only question you could not answer is......  What actually is happening with Russia?  All you say is questions unanswered.
after listening to your interview with Wallace it become so clear that you guys are off your rocker as Democrats
Senator,  We the people are tired of being led to think Russian attempted to hack our elections. WHERES THE PROOF.
Russians, Russians, Russians is all you democrats have to hang your failed candidate, Hillary's lose.
You keep pushing on nothing, Intelligent officers not pressured u dems are lacking credibility, u are pushing conspiracy theories, 2018
Your senators leaking info that was false and they knew it was bs .
Comey a political hack leaker and numerous instances where chain was broken leaves me to conclude the some Intel doctored evidence
We the people are so sick of politicians like you. If Hillary would have won would you be investing the Russian collusion fallacies?
tell the truth
Your a gosh damn liar, they stated no they weren't obstructed . I don't know what hearing your listening
Your employer the taxpayers are going to sue the Democrats. If they don't stop this witchhunt against POTUS.
Your are fake buddy you are not investigating you stirring crap
What questions r u talking about. U dems will do everything to stop the presidents agenda to get America in the right directions. Shame on U
They are relishing in fact that all these whackjobs in Congress continue to lie and fabricate Russian stories to waste all  thru fall break
All at our expense
stop exploiting the taxpayers dollars you're solving nothing stop the stupid hearings
Even reed slips up and mistakes comey and Mueller 'nut job'
Complete obstruction of @realDonaldTrump
Wow,listen to you,no evidence,you keep referring to as "questions", u are the reason why county is divided,your party lost,sit your ass down
Senator you are a master of distortion. Their is no Special "Prosecutor". Words matter and your dishonest portrayal is disgusting. @POTUS
We need investigation into your conduct. Have you proved u r clean?  RI politics are notorious for corruption.  Special counsel ?
People like you made me #DemExit
wow the bots are out in full force on this feed today 
Try telling the truth today ok!!
11) That's why Trump got elected - Russians had Nothing to do with it.
10)you people get along.Quite frankly, the President was elected because We The People are sick and tired of the deception in our government
9) But your right ... Comey has been doing a great job as director of the FBI in leaking classified information. Geez - I can see why all of
8) should need to have her secret clearance revoked ... because he doesn't have any problems leaking our country's classified info either.
7)No, Comey is not a crazy nut job - he's just a leaker - you're right, Mr. Senator. Makes complete sense now why Comey didn't think Hillary
He's a nut job too 
6) white rabbit, with No Evidence to support anything - give it a rest.
You can't give a straight answer on if there is any EVIDENCE on Collusion because there is no EVIDENCE! Stop being a #PoliticalHACK!!!
5) sense that Trump would have the Russians also back into his own political party's servers to gain campaign info. You all are chasing a
4) merry-go-round. You blatantly disregard the reports that whoever hacked the DNC servers also Tried to hack into the RNC servers. Makes No
3) questions on, but you Dems are just conjuring up any question you can now to try to make a case. We are Sick of paying for this
Why can you not accept that he won? Maybe you should interview VLAD too.Stop wasting my money. #nosummerrecess #fixfailedobamacare #sethrich
And wasting time trying to make OUR VOTES NOT COUNT.  This is treason Reed.
2) and you people are wasting taxpayer money with this investigation. It would be different if you Actually had some evidence to base those
Watching you right now mumble and stumble through useless yacking with turkey neck Wallace. Can we get some uglier people on set please!
You should be embarrassed that you are involved in such a witch hunt.  All Dems have become desperate, delusional and deranged.
Oh yippee more collusion conversation that never happened you go Jack you go baby!
Do you always sweat when you lie Senator?  You sound ridiculous with ur Russian rabbit hole! Democrats and synonymous with evil
1) Oh give it a rest, Senator.  We are sick and tired of this investigation based on "questions that have been raised." There is No evidence
The only questions raised were leaked to the press by Comey.  Reed, you represent a witch hunt.
There is NO story. Stop wasting my money and get on to running the country. No evidence. Why don't you revisit the tarmac meeting?
I totally agree......  Nothingburger when it comes to that!
Hey dopey when is the last time a sitting president testified under oath??? Didn't see u calling for Barry Obama to testify for all his lies

Good luck. Just getting some Covfefe now and will watch
Don't back down
Make it strong coffee & Give 'me hell, Jack.
Jacks nothing more than a dem operative.  Cares not about truth.
Don't embarrass our state anymore. Admit Trump is POTUS and he did nothing wrong. Start working to fix real problems here in RI
Too bad he did do something and he should be president
Well he is POTUS and Reed peddling these ridiculous conspiracy theories about Russia makes our state look uneducated. Need more GOPers in RI
That is wrong. Everyday it is coming out that Russia is real.
Uh huh. 
