It should be a National Holiday so that people can have the day off to vote. Many U.S. citizens work weekends.
If it were that way then many would take a long weekend and go out of town. And not vote. Better solution is a long early voting period.
You are probably right. Maybe they should allow early voting the weekend before instead. Give some flexibility to weekend workers. Keep Tues
In NC we have 2.5 weeks of early voting, including the weekend before election day.
That should be adopted in all States.
I like that
Great idea.
This and automatic registrations are nonissue. Anyone who really wants to vote will vote no matter what.
Wouldn't that take a conditional amendment?
@SenJackReed would love to see this happen. Think you could get some fellow co-sponsors and try to push it through?
I'm sure you could even get some support from the Rs. This is something the american people would like on both sides
 good idea. Though I'd be surprised if RI Dems would allow same for all elections: giving up a structural GOTV advantage
This democrat would welcome a full weekend election. We could get even more people to participate in democracy! It's a great idea!
Next best thing to having an Election Holiday, I think.
Do it
yes, please
With all of the major issues in this country why is this bill even running through ur brain @SenJackReed?Worried about losing next election?
#MovingElectionDay. Why?
Bad news for GOP voter suppressionists.
Sadly this is wrong.  Low wage workers work more weekends.
But greater flexibility in work hours, getting away from work, babysitting, etc.
There's no flexibility now you think anything but national holiday will let workers get out to vote?
1/Have you figured the cost of paying city/state employees overtime for work on weekends? and the cost of opening public bldgs on weekends?
Constitutional Amendment required to do that.
They better allow people to bring all their children with them then with child care not being open on weekends
Imagine going to vote w a shitload of kids lmao.
RI SOS's office introduced a Saturday voting bill in 2008 after small exit poll showed 95% voter approval.
@chrislhayes @SenJackReed refund the money Price!
Great.  NOW, Congress MUST pass leg to ELIMINATE ALL "ELECTRONIC" voting machines- the GOP's EASILY-hacked, "TOOL"!
@chrislhayes @SenJackReed Agree  percent! We should be expanding people's ability to vote not restricting it. 
I strongly support this idea.
Sure.
Should be a national holiday! But of course the republicans don't want it.
Long overdue.  But Republicans won't go for it.  They only win through suppression of votes.
Imperfect solution? Sure, but a great start- with bonus points for getting to watch R's twist explaining why more people voting is bad.
2/is it both Sat and Sun? Do we open and staff ALL polling places for two days for 12-14 hours?
That would be fantastic.... however all the overworked tired RI teachers won't get a day off.
Nice...more time to round up the illegal votes being cast i.e. Dead people, multiple residences etc. These Dems have no conscience
I work weekends and weekdays and have kids - I managed to vote  sounds like another week to vote multiple times
Absolutely the best solution.  But God forbid we make it easier for the working folks of the country to vote. Voter suppression be damned.
Establishment dems want to make it easy to vote in general, hard to vote in primary. Both should be simple. @DraftBernie @OrganizeRI
Just make it holiday. People have enough trouble getting to the polls cause of work you think they're taking time from their Saturday?
This is so incredibly dumb.I can't think of one type of person who'd say, "Saturday? 7a-9p? Fuck yes I'll be waiting in line at the polls."
Jesus god man. No wonder no one recognizes politicians as actual human beings. Get a fucking clue, Jack.
Brilliant! (But GOP will hate it because they hate the actual idea of democracy.)
This has been done before, no? https://www.nytimes.com/roomfordebate/2016/11/07/overturning-election-day-tradition/make-eleciton-day-a-national-holiday?referer=https://www.google.com/&nytmobile=0 …
It needs to be a national holiday, full stop.
Good

Good idea! People work in weekends too, so maybe we can add to the bill a longer early voting period? #ILoveTheRightToVote
I'm for it!!!
A reasonable question is why Democrats don't introduce these bills when they control the government.
That makes entirely tooooo much sense. Won't happen
i'd like to tack on a rider to that bill - that anyone convicted of voter suppression will be trebuchet'd into Lake Michigan
and also, uh 30 million dollars of tax payer money to support the perverted arts
I got a BILL! Let's make Election Day the day after election day so there is no buyers remorse.
Make that weekend a national holiday and it's perfect.
Just make it a national holiday like Christmas and Thanksgiving.
It's the first Tuesday after the first Monday. And it requires an amendment.
Good idea but could be better on 1st Monday which will be a public holiday.  People can have and organize voting parties. Guarantee turnout!
It's a great idea, so expect all Republicans to oppose.
Will never pass the Republicans - it would allow too many black people to vote.
Hmmm...that wouldn't suck
For Pete’s sake, voting by mail works in my state.
He might as well introduce a bill declaring Obama gets a third term.
Trying to suppress the procrastinator vote! You know we'll all put it off till Sunday and then forget.
@chrislhayes @SenJackReed Absentee ballot if can't make it, then if you do your precinct will pull it when you show up & tell them.
Plus in PA voter registration book will list you as absentee voter so no double dipping! LOL!

UH-oh, bad move @RIDemParty , the teachers unions aren't going to allow that.
It is not first Tuesday now.
Blame the voting day on your loss? Blame CNN and their fake polls. Told viewers Hillary had a 93% chance of winning and lazy dems sat home
Just make it a national holiday.
LOVE IT. Of course it won't go anywhere since the last thing the GOP wants is expanded voting access.
Include automatic voter registration and we'd have ourselves a real democracy. #electionweekend
It's time for a National Election process for ALL states to use.  Registration, early voting, printed receipts for voters/auditors, etc.
Most states have early voting.
A weekend so more people can vote....that won't do...that won't do at all
I know it won't fly, but the Republic would be better served by voters having to pass Civics test.
How about The Presidential candidate should have to pass a civics test?
Would require a constitutional amendment. I'm all for it.
Why?
That hurts military reservists/guard who drill on the first full weekend of the month.
Pretty easy fix. Absentee ballots distributed at the drill center.
Excellent!
Yeah but the GOP doesn’t want more people voting, so…GL with that
"The first weekend after the first Tuesday after the first Monday" has a nice ring to it
YAAAAAAS
Didn't they try that around five or so years ago?
