Thank you, Senator!  So proud of you - Rhode Island, we have the best!
Thank you.  She is among the worst of a horribly unqualified selection of Cabinet nominees.  Our kids deserve much better.
thank you
As someone from her hometown, thank you
Thank you Senator. I could only hope my senator would follow your lead. He won't.
She wouldn't have flunked her hearings if she had gone to public schools. Oh well!
thank you for putting Amerca's children 1st. Thank you for doing the right thing.
I’m relieved to read this. I love your state. My childhood is filled with wonderful memories of Watch Hill.  Thank you!
Good job sir. Now vote no against Sessions. #stopsessions
So then make sure she isn't confirmed.
#PrivateSchools are much better for children. Extremely higher test grades 4 children in #PrivateSchools too! #WakeUPdemocrats
Thank you.
Thank you for standing up for our students. You are a hero to RI & all U.S. educators!
THank You! For standing up for kids and great education #DeVosnotqualified
Thank you!
thank you!
Keep up the fight against DeVos, urge your constituents to oppose her nomination.  Our children deserve better.
and please vote NO on Jeff Sessions!
thank you, thank you, thank you for voting no on her. she might have passed, but knowing you voted no helps the sting a bit.
This shouldn't even be newsworthy. EVERY Democrat should be voting against all of his nominees.
There is nothing wrong with Betsy DeVos that could not be solved with a trebuchet.
- thank you, Senator.
thank you senator
Thank you. Thank you for taking a stand. We are doing all we can out here.
Thank you senator, please now follow Senator Whitehouse and denounce Jeff Sessions for AG
Thank you Senator Reid.  Now what about all those other equally bad nominees.
Our public education system is failing, violent, and dangerous.  What has Reed done to fix it?
Thank you Senator Reed!
thank you for doing the right thing Senator
Thank you for your support. Please continue to fight any nominee who will harm the very department 4 which they are nominated.
Thank you @SenJackReed.
U flunked but they voted for u . Bad vote
FYI @SenJackReed: In one RI group on FB, the news that you voted no on BDV got 468 "likes" in < 3 hours. RI is watching and counting on you!
Ty
As an educator who watched every minute of Devos' hearing.. Thank you!
@RobertAWalshJr thank you for your unwavering support for the public education system and your "nay" vote
You flunked your full statement.
thank you!
thank you Senator for valuing @PTU958 Ts experience and knowledge that we should #DumpDevos
thank you!
Typical Lib; wants choice to murder potential child in womb, but no choice for parents to educate their children!
Thank you - she is last thing our country needs
Thank you Jack!  Keep fighting for Rhode Island.
That is your opinion!  Put on your man pants and vote with Republicans and President TRUMP!
THANK YOU!!!!! Dear GOD don't let her get confirmed!!!
thank you for voting No!  She's not qualified.
Just a democrat who cares what he thinks.
I'm proud to call Jack Reed my Senator. No to DeVos is the right vote!
thank you Senator!!!!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Reed.
Did you vote in support of Ben Carson?
Thank you for recognizing the importance of PUBLIC education for all our our country's children.
thank you!!
Now please try to reach across the aisle and get some of your Republican senators to understand, and put children above party.
Thank you, Senator!
#TheResistance I urge you &  fellow lawmakers to have Trump's mental fitness formally assessed - he is a danger.to security!
thank you!!!
Thanks for jumping aboard. Several other upcoming noms equally unqualified / malevolent. -constituent in a Trump precinct
thank you!
Just another Democrat putting unions first and kids last. 'Flunked' indeed.  @SenJackReed
Thank you, Senator Reed.
@RIProgDems @RIFuture  
Thank you Senator - Now let's hope @SenSusanCollins will as well.
well at least you've said no to one.
