I'll be wearing red!
https://1776united.com/products/keep-calm-and-carry-on-red?variant=397110001 …
#GunSense
#WearOrange
Except if one of your guns happens to be a certain model from Remington then you might really be red #RemingtonRifleDefect
Save a life, lock up your gun! We don't want to take them we support training and bg checks. But no simple answer to many gun violence probs
Clinton passed ban on automatic weapons, Bush comes in & overturns it. Obama couldn't reinstate
Bush didn't overturn anything. Get your facts straight.
Yes be did. The very first thing he did, besides giving himself raise to $400,000. Fact check
Factcheck: the bill sunsetted.....
I'm with the movement, but does this include war? Cuz that's just a tad different. and if it doesn't include war then holy sh**!
Does not include war. These are Americans at home :(
Look what happened to the Native Americans when the government took their guns away#2ndamendment
Save a life, lock up your gun! We don't want to take them we support training and bg checks. But no simple answer to many gun violence probs
How many of those deaths were accidental and suicides? The murder with gunns numbers are impressive enough without including the rest.
They always include suicides to pad the numbers
This does include suicides. Save a life, lock up your gun! We dont want to take them we support training and bg checks. But no simple answer
What are you guys doing to promote suicide prevention?  This number y'all push is disproportionately self inflicted, but you never say that!
We say it all the time.
140,829 Americans killed by guns since Sandy Hook. Too many are suicides. If someone in your home is in a bad place, please remove your gun 
Ask Eric Holder that question. Operation Fast & Furious was a shameful attempt to create a narrative re: US guns walking into Mexico.
The left trying to revoke another amendment lol. First the #2A now the #1st. And we're the fascists?
Why don't ya try ta stop the criminals? The guns do absolutely nothing unroll a criminal picks one up.
I'd like to know how many of these are minority on minority, white on minority, and minority on white crimes.Real numbers from a real source
STILL waiting for an intellectual reply for what I thought was a fair question.
Or wait... did you not run the numbers for the minority on white portion because that's never a hate crime or racist, am I correct?
What about sharp pencils?  Should those also be stopped?  What about trucks that mow over crowds?  Butcher knives?
Gop and NRA will never stop selling guns, they don't care what lives are taken with these weapons
Margie your assertions are preposterous. In addition you have no clue what is in a persons heart to make such a ridiculous statement
And you can thank the likes of @elizabethforma @SenWarren for these things. She likes to create anger/hate by her word "FIGHT" - always !
think AGAIN! the left now believes that we are disposable thanks to obama. So yeah we saw clearly and can never not SEE how much danger we
I hope you dont own any guns from remington.... They tend to cover up any defects.... #RemingtonRifleDefect
Guns did not kill anyone. Deranged, sick PEOPLE did.
With guns
And hammers, and knives, and shovels, and their bare hands. Good luck banning everything someone can kill with.
It's a matter of numbers.
U r the party of baby killers. Who r u trying to kid?
143k is a spit in the ocean compared to 60 million aborted babies since 1973
4.5 million since 2012  http://www.nrlc.org/uploads/factsheets/FS01AbortionintheUS.pdf …
Because if you think after we have seen the DEPTHS of the VILE HATE from the VERY TOP to the bottom on the LEFT we are giving up our guns
How many people die each year from prescription drugs, texting while driving, illegal drugs that a border wall might help to curb.
Let's maybe give those a bit more attention. OH!... And a body count.
There was no massacre at Sandy Hook. No dead bodies of children taken to hospitals or mortuaries. No Adam Lanza. It was an evacuation drill.
delusional
How about a breakdown of the numbers. Remove the illegal use of guns first. Should police be banned from carrying guns?
English Constables on Patrol (Cops) did not need guns when I was a child.  Pretty sad.  What are we?
Liberal Politicians should b wearing orange permanently!!! They've turned into the biggest corrupt Mafia in history!!! Keep your gun!!!!
And how many have been killed by Isis which you clinton and the other global elites created to push us over edge to world government
are now in from within our own country.
Sorry buddy but all other methods of getting killed like car accidents and knives etc..are WAY up there and some FAR BEYOND. and by the way
Guns don’t kill people people kill people and do it other means
What kind of a Socio/Psychopath condones killing a baby? Utmost in evil!!!! Genocidal maniacs!!!!
Obama opened borders and released thousands from prisons. Hell yes we need guns!!!!!
Break the numbers down.  Most are suicides or accidents. Others are self defense. Chicago and NYC are outliers of course. Run by Dems. Yep!
Some Americans need killing.   How many murders?  How many murders outside of democrat cities?  Yeah, not many.
Unrelated
the guns did nothing.. PEOPLE KILL not guns and when they wanna kill as we have seen they will use ANYTHING like trucks or machetes.
Give us a break everyone knows SH was #fakenews #falseflag #BS.  @SenJackReed knowing your ignorant followers are waking up must scare U.
And almost a 1 million children are killed yearly by abortion.
And how many foster children do you have or support?
WHAT YOU are trying to do here is disarm the American People so that we are not able to defend ourselves against the evil of the LEFT
Now I am a liberal democrat but believe in my right to carry and protect myself & my family. Criminals don't care about laws they are out to
Harm no law is going to change that. I would rather know I can protect if faced with that. The world is crazy Tump is head of the circus smh
The terrorists in London used  a vehicle and knives...they had no guns.  Insanity is insanity.
Wear orange to defy Traitor 45th. His use of 1st Amendment causes death to Intel Agents & endangers 322M of US. Protect Constitution & 2A.

How many lives were saved because a good guy had a gun?  How many abortions were preformed this year?  Don't the unborn babies count?
Of yall really cared about Americans, yall would protest the killing of the most innocent in our society, but no its a woman's "right".
Abortion has killed more

I'd like to see how many deaths weren't gang-related or suicide. That's the real number.
Are we raising awareness about mental health or guns? Last time I checked crazy people killed people, not inanimate objects.
Oh you one of those AllLivesMatter people. How's about we care about all those things, but we are talking gun violence as a whole right now
The gun lobby is crazy
I hope these fools are protesting in Chicago the state with strictest gun laws and highest death rates.
Still using tropes from years ago I see. The hand gun ban was overturned years ago. Not that it mattered u can drive 5 min and buy 1 anywat
Thank you for becoming a fan and following my tweets. 
Yea don't think that's something I'll be doing
This is a lie.  Medical malpractice, car wrecks, and heroin killed more in same time frame.
People use guns to kill people. Guns don't kill anything. Guns kill people like matches start fires.
Guns don't kill people , it's the bullet tearing through flesh and organs disrupting metabolic processes that kills.Ban all guns and bullets
Thanks to the @NRA 

National 
Ridiculous 
Asses
Unfathomable.
Is this the type of "freedom" you want @DavidLeyonhjelm
Let's start with mandatory sentencing and tougher penalties for those committing crimes while using a firearm.  Min 10 years no parole
But then you'll have the bleeding hearts yapping about the disportunate amount of african Americans in prison
I found some orange shit around the house to shoot at today in opposition to your bullshit movement.
Canada has strict gun laws, especially for hand guns.  As a gun owner I support this and we have a fraction of deaths per capita that you do
Orange?? 
When will Congress reject the NRA and realize that the Second Amendment allows robust and rational regulation of guns?
The 2A does no such thing.  Nor does the constitution.  You should read it sometime.
I wear my Sig Sauer to defend against criminals and stop their handgun violence.
The President's job is to protect the people. What about these 143,565? What about the 200,000 that die every year due to air pollution?
where is the outcry for such crimes against humanity?
SANDY HOOK NEVER HAPPENED.
Not a hoax Wear orange
The Resistance
Here's a crazy thought... why not get rid of guns?!?
Then only those who do not follow the laws would have them.
What if there was 10+ years jail time for anyone caught with a gun?
Ask the 10s of millions of ppl from asia to Europe (russia) killed by their gov right after gun removal... wait ya cant cause they dead.
Idc where the stats come from, it does not matter. ITS NOT THE POINT. We all have the same goal right???? Stop people from being
Killed all the damn time. Thats it. Thats the point. Everyone stop verbally attaching eachother and WORK TOGETHER FOR FUCKS SAKE. Enough.
0 Americans have been "killed by guns" since America's founding. 
Actually, 0 humans have been "killed by guns" ever. 
#WearWhateverYouWant
The majority in Chicago with the strongest gun control in the nation.. Sooo?
what are you doing to stop the gang killings in chicago?
More w Muslims my very bumb boozo friend
One is too many
Boop beep, End Progressive killing gounds "gun free zones". Stop making your offspring vulnerable to predators. Be sheepdogs, not sheep.
Boop beep, No when bad meatsacks want to kill other meatsacks. They use anything. 
2/2
Boop beep, you meat sacks think by rendering yourself defenseless will save you?
1/2.
And that was just planned parenthood!
And how many have been killed in car accidents?
Still not a patch on the Bowling Green massacre...sad, very sad.
250+ Million Americans have become enslaved by sinster programs hatched by Obama and Warren and Pelosi. Not enough, they want more! Beware
Orange is the new black...
Good. Wear orange and kiss my entire ass.
50k died from OD last year, but sandy hook was 5 years ago but that's none of my business 
How many of those killed were by 'Muslim' terrorists?
We sincerely mourn the 22 kids killed in Manchester, but @NRA & Americans ignore 570 US kids killed MONTHLY by guns. #TheResistance
As a #Dutch citizen these numbers truly shock me. #mindboggling  We don't carry guns here at all, and that gives me quite a save feeling.
How many were committed by legal gun owners?
You know most of those deaths are suicides right? the rest of them are drug related. so mental health and the drug war are the real problems
Theyve stated about 3 times that these numbers dont include suicides.
@elizabethforma Yawn.
Wow- just wow. But, not an issue, to far too many people
Wearing colors and "raising awareness" does exactly zero to stop bad guys from killing good guys.
Most gun murders are done by impulse
So wearing orange and a hastag will do what?
Raise awareness that maybe if you are impulsive you should decide against buying a gun
@elizabethforma 

There are more Alcohol related deaths than guns & Marijuana together! Let's fight this battle!
meanwhile in Dem controlled Chicago?
Can I wear orange and carry my Sig at the same time?
1. Put felonious criminals in jail 2.stop importing terrorists & gang members & 3. Mentally ill not allowed Guns=People kill people Not Guns
Over 300 million wpns n US what could possibly go wrong? #militaryindustrialcomplex #puppetmaster #spin #greed US #1wpns dealer n the world


Our gun-running #POTUS44 should have been impeached. He armed criminals & terrorists all the while attempting a gun-grab from US citizens.
Evidence Obama tried to take your guns or it didn't happen...
Allow me to snort derisively.
1 person could have stopped Sandy Hook. Get trained. Protect yourself and others. It is your Constitutional right. It can save your life.
If the gov't ever gets our guns, we're screwed. #2ADefenders
389,500 Americans have been killed by abortion since January 1st, 2017. Shame on us indeed. http://www.numberofabortions.com/ 
Prove your stats.
obama is not president anymore, i'm sure the fake killings will slow to a crawl
Billboard doesn't say anything about "being killed by Guns" #fakenews
Im tired of all these colors but no changes. Laws need to change and cures need to be made available for cancer. Enough of the colors
Many are from small cities which is sad. Every illegal gun was once legal. People dont care about going to jail no more
And how many children have been killed by liberal policies?
Yes, and over 90% of those are from criminals... people who chose to break the law... les then .6 % of all deaths are from legal gun owners
You want to stop handgun violence ? Don't throw rocks at a person with a gun, are you that smart, doubt it. Clear you don't support2A.
Talk about a fashion statement. Orange definitely clashes with pink pussy hats & severed heads.
Who's ready for str8 fools to not blame guns, but blame the people who use guns? Weakest fucking point on earth.
But muh guns!
What does the ORANGE MAN Trump say about this just asking
GOP doesn't care about this. They just keep trying promote fear re: immigration> What stupidity!
And dems keep trying to obfuscate/confuse  two different issues 1 is LEGAL immigration the other is ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION.
Stop blaming inanimate objects for the acts of people.  That's just foolish.
To pretend suicide, domestic violence, spree killing, murder to support criminal enterprise, & accidents have a single solution is folly
Never forget FAST AND THE FURIOUS! Obamas gun selling legacy
Just think how much higher that number would be if we weren't allowed to be armed to defend ourselves.
We need to stop the suffering of our fellow citizens! Guns are a problem when it so ready available,
Ridiculous. Without guns, other methods are used. Airplanes, vehicles, knives, poisons, ...

You'd think they could've fit "by gun" on to the billboard.
I'm sure you'll feel better doing this.
