Being under oath doesn't mean shit to these people.
But once he testifies under oath and then changes his story as he is want to do, they will have him for lying under oath at least.
Did they do anything about Sessions lying and having to come back and give new testimony under oath? Nope... These people lie all the time
How do you tell when a politician is lying? Their mouth is open.
Some aren't as bad as others or they have the sense to lie well!!! These people don't care if you know they're lying to your face LOL. Odd.
How much money says that Jr can't shut up like his lawyers are going to tell him to?  The nut doesn't fall far from the trea, son!
SURE......like he wouldn't lie under oath....
Do you honestly think he would tell the actual truth or instead stick to his own version and understanding of reality? #SeriousQuestion
I ask mainly because the burden of proof is on the committee...how would his testimony be evaluated and verified?
Oh, come on. What does being "under oath" do? These are pathological liars and criminals. You think an "oath" will make them be honest?
He'll lie under oath. Why stop lying now?
He will lie under oath.
Yes, yes he will..  Unless he knows ahead of time that there is evidence that would put him in line for perjury. Then he will beg for a deal
Thank you for you tweets about the Russian debacle. I am happy that you speak out about this horrible threat to our democracy.
Apple doesn't fall far from the tree does it. Lol. The offspring must be ripoffs in business and perverts as well. Ivanka and daddy?

Trump Jr met Kremlin-linked lawyer after being told it was part of Russian Gov't effort to collude and help Trump.  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/10/us/politics/donald-trump-jr-russia-email-candidacy.html?smprod=nytcore-iphone&smid=nytcore-iphone-share …
When all the i's are dotted, t's crossed, treason is proved and Trump just pardons everyone and has a huge party with Putin..America's dead.
Then we can add contempt of Congress to his charges?
Does anyone truly believe "under oath" means anything to these people?
This is treason. Russia is dangerous. Take this seriously, ACT NOW.
Why had to? Daddy made him?
@20committee people change their stories when they have something to hide...what are trying to hide Jr????
Who among us thinks he'd be honest under oath?  Not me!!!  He's in so much trouble right now, what's a little perjury?
He can lie under oath too...
Under oath means nothing to the Trump Crime Family.  He'd lie without batting an eye
Even if Trump Jr did what he did, the end justifies the means. He's a true patriot and should be honored. He's next in line in the dynasty.
YES he SHOULD, BIGLY!  And HEY! 
His dad said he would "100%" testify under oath as well!
Pops testify on Comey,
Jr testify on meeting.
Win!
No, we're not
Reed ur story is consistent u lie u lie u lie jack wagon reed is a lier consistent
How about tweeting out your solutions to issues like lower taxes, jobs, health care, and immigration.
I'm more interested in the information the Russians may have. You should be too.
Yeah! and the entire Obama Admin plead the fifth! @DonaldJTrumpJr is a private citizen and does not receive taxpayer $ as a salary.
It'll just be a mantra of ' I don't recall . I don't recall.  I don't recall "

Keeps changing or adds more detail and context?
Seems reasonable

"definitive account" HaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHaHa
" I *had* to meet with the hitman who was proposing to murder my wife! What could I do, not go and report it to police??"

-Jr, the big tard
@steveweinstein And you think "under oath" would change a thing? These ppl care only about survival, power, $$. Truth be damned
Veselnitskaya, who serves powerful clients, had one shot to present her cause to DT Jr, but speaks only nonsense? Ha!
He'll lie anyway.  Does not matter to this bunch
@Senate @Congress @SpeakerRyan Intention To Interfere With A USA Presidential Election With And Enemy - Russia Is Collusion & Maybe Treason
Yah, he had to listen because dad told him to.
Oh, was it at gun point? Do we need tighter gun regulations?
Dweeb.
They lie under oath Jack my dude, 7 of them have lied on forms or under oath. Get off twitter, get on with doing something about it
Do you really think being under oath would make him tell the truth?
Like an oath means more than a squirt of piss to these people.
Because no one under oath ever lies.
He'll lie under oath
He has admitted intent and has roped Jared into it as well. BOOM!
Him n manafort lied n said they hadn't had any meetings w Russians just 2 weeks after this meeting w russians! Theyre caught! Amateurs
Yeah, because a Trump would never lie under oath.
Testify under oath in open session.
as if his oath would mean anything at all.
You really think he'll tell the truth under oath. Like his daddy, they do nothing but lie.
Lie under oath. Betcha there are tapes...then you have Jr where you want him.
He will lie under oath. Being under oath means nothing to the Trump family. Just look back Big Don. He's lied & lied in depositions.
FBI interviewed him day before Comey fired, if he LIED about this meetin, his ass better be in prison, Martha Stewart served time for LYING
She's a Saint in comparison.
Under oath.  Pshaw  - no difference.
As if "under oath," means anything to this group. They lie until caught then admit, then justify, then diminish crime. Hoping for truth.
This could very well be the meeting where Trump promised to change platform on Ukraine as Good Faith Deposit for hacking help
Putin made him do it
Publicly.
Because he would *never* lie under oath...ummm...right
Do you honestly think he would tell the truth under oath?
Who made him listen?
Yes he should testify under oath and hope to God there are no "Tapes" of his meeting or Natalia reporting back to the Kremlin after meeting
He will lie. Hes already lied three times.
Can we just arrest him ?
For what? One private citizen talking to another who happens to have Russian citizenship?
if someone intends to have todo w/ capacity
Learned from #ConmanTrump incapable of telling the truth, he is a #Trump. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Or perjure himself so we can lock him up
But The KKK is all in with Jr. That will get him off.

http://www.politicususa.com/2017/07/10/trump-white-house-coordinating-white-nationalists-defend-donald-trump-jr.html …

#TrumpCrimeFamily  #RussiaGate  #TrumpRussia
A definitive trump lie about the account
And then he'll lie anyway. Why would you believe any Trump ever? The do nothing but lie to suit their own purpose.
@POTUS There's the smoking gun re: ? of collusion, even though the Russian reportedly had nothing to offer - conspiracy nonetheless!
He went there with the intention of getting damaging information from a Russian about a presidential candidate opposing his Father! Unreal!
Family of pathological liars.  I look forward to watching you cut through his B.S.
Trying to tell us they talked about the campaign but he didn't talk to his dad about the campaign. Got some oceanfront in Syberia too.

It's becoming clear that Pappa Trump recruited Donald Junior to commit a crime. Now he is throwing Jr. under the bus
https://thesternfacts.com/proof-trump-knows-agent-who-setup-russian-meeting-with-trump-jr-cd68fd2621b8 …
