Another fool heard from. Where were you for 8yrs. While obama committed " TREASON" against this Country ?
Mueller should be fired.. conflict of interest, don't u think? Against law to be so entangled with Comey
Great job!!
Thank you Senator Reed for the logic & content of your questioning of AG Session today.

Blatant obstruction of justice ..Comey, Loretta lynch, Hillary..felonies.  Democrats close eyes and make up,this whole charade
Have lost ALL FAITH in Jack !
Great questions, ask the same question four different ways! Way to go "nut job".
Zzzzz sleep much? Zzzzz think much?
find sessions in contept.
Best questions thus far. Great job!
I wonder if we could find a statement by Reed in the past yr knocking Comey? What do you think?
You did a wonderful job of showing America that Sessions is a liar.
I missed that.
It was great it may never go anywhere but still it was great
There is nothing great about what is happening in our country right now.  I hope someday you people can focus on USA instead of propaganda.
Could you tell me what you spoke to the Russian Ambassador about when you met with him?
Thanks so very much for Session's Fox news quotes!  Best exchange of the hearing!
TY, U fixed conversation after @KamalaHarris debacle! @KamalaHarris wanted 10sec viral video, you wanted 2 investigate! #ImpeachTrump
Who in Senate is watching the HealthCare bill while it's being changed behind closed doors? What is your plan to stop this?
Thank you Senator! You made Rhode Islanders proud today!
WELL DONE today.  Thank you for fighting for USA!
No executive privilege...hold them all in contempt for refusal to answer questions.
Trump = Mafia Leech 

Follow Trump's $$$$$ to-&-from Felons:
Weichselbaum
Sater
LiButti
Napoli
Cinque
Staluppi
Genovese
Colombo
Russians
You were so impressive today. Thank you for helping to shine a light on the shadiness of #JeffSessions & Co. #FactsMatter #Impeach45
You asked relavent and important questions and made fantastic points in using prior statements against Sessions supposed reasoning 4 firing
Thanks for your excellent preparation for & participation in Sessions Hearing.
You referring to the witch hunt? The joke of the century. In 2018 you will see what we think of this entire fiasco.
You lied on MSNBC , he already signed an executive order for cyber , sessions complained yesterday of democrats lack of interest
Your questioning was brilliant and on point! Thank you!
How many times have you met with a Russian official, national in the past year?  Dates, times, conversations please.
I wish you, or @KamalaHarris, #SenWyden, #SenHeinrich, #SenWarner asked if Trump req. him, or others he knows, to verbally pledge loyalty
Great job Senator!
Great job, sir!
Your attempts to keep this fishing expedition going are getting ridiculous. You have no evidence of nothing. We will make you pay in 2018.
Why??? He doesn't answer your question! If Sessions knew Russia was Trump's reason for firing, then duty to recuse!
You said you "assume" he would have recused himself. It was the most important question of the hearing and he just gives you a blank stare!
Let me enlighten you.  The MSM has been slamming Prez about Russia, you people and Comey new truth, lies & leaks - Specially pee story.
THANK YOU for your fine questioning of Jeff Sessions.
wow,you suck,you were more nervous than the SESSIONATOR,go away and dream of another conspiracy,hillary's computer,ringing a bell yet.
Great recalling Fox News interviews
Wish you would spend your time and effort to fix your State. It consistently   ranks last or next to last in most state rankings. How Come?
great questions to sessions. thank you!
Great job, Senator Jack Reed. Excellent questions to Mr. Sessions
Are you worried about Comey or the Russians & Democrats have not one proven factTrump or his people having anything to do with Russians
Excellent questions!!!! Impressive! You nailed it, sir!
Look at you Senator Reed! slow and steady wins the race! Well done!

Fantastic job, sir!  I'm sorry your colleague from NC who chairs the committee is more interested in party than country.
Actually the chairman, I would hope, would like to see most of this committee working on legislation rather than Russian/Lib propaganda.
Great questions!
You Sir are awesome! Great questions.
