Please share! PLEASE help! Thank you.
 htpps://www.gofundme.com/3asxhtk
sanders was endorsed by the pharmaceutical industry. Majority of democrats are endorsed by Wall Street of CEOs.
met send Reed in 98 an eye opener. Thanks. #Caritas
You need a SUSTAINABLE system not the People's ATM.
great idea
@CoryBooker This would be great! Really think DHS Scty will support? No profits for POTUS friends (pharm CEOs)!
Will we even have a Dept of HHS after Tom Price and Trump are done with it?
Team up together and fight for a Single Payer Health Insurance Exchange that Senator Sanders supports.
Senator Reed Instead of worry about pharmaceutical Drugs we could focus on the American Farmer and none GMO food.
thank you!
.@SenJackReed @SenSanders Excellent! Lets hope ALL Democrats vote Yay this time around!
Time to vote in some RI GOP   in Washington   Let Trump do his job. U guys lost.
Y aren't U asking Y the cost in US is so much higher than in Canada in the 1st place???
I already buy my prescription drugs in Canada, huge savings.
better go kick patty murray and maria cantwell in the nuts so they vote yes this time
Bravo! Thank you Senators!
Senator Reed any comment on the Awan Brothers and the 20 Congressional office break-ins.
safe and affordable drugs for all Americans
Bernie wants to raise your cost of living because we know when you higher corporate tax they just pass it on to us.
Dems who want their popularity back should JUMP on board with @SenSanders!
#ProgressiveWins
thank you for joining @SenSanders in the fight for lower priced perception drugs for ALL Americans  #NotMeUs #WhenWeRise we Win
Thank you for this Bill. long overdue!
Affordable, just like the Affordable Cara Act is affordable.
Not just seniors that need it, any American struggling to pay their premiums need it too, a lot isn't covered now
work with with Trump on this. Set an example. The people matter most.
at an affordable price these guys will save millions doing deals
Cheap way to achieve that: End government monopoly on Rx drug industry and cronyism for big pharma. Markets FTW
good man, Thankyou.
Thank you both for working together on this. Please make it for everyone!
It's insanity this hasn't been done for years. Obviously this is the pharmaceutical lobby
good for you! Keep up the pressure!
"other advanced countries" what a joke from 1st powerfull nation
but will Big Pharma and the politicians they're in bed with allow? Stay tuned to find out..
thank you
1)Get Insurance Companies out of Healthcare 2) Add Social Medicine 3)Stop Pharma Ad's 4)Legislature has same care
Thank you!
please win this
not just seniors!  Disabled, even working class!  Some of these RX's are hundreds of $$ every month!
Why not from China? I bet they could do it for 1/10th the cost. Get Government out of medicine and we all win.
The FDA is just Corporate Favoritism and Protectionism.
please hurry.
what took so long?
Thank you for efforts to help Seniors. #BePeace
@LovelyLowEnd @SenSanders is there a fund reserve in this bill to pay to implement it or will you need pt of order & 120 votes?
This just means you want to regulate to death the importation of drugs from canada that is all you are doing
thank you .  Our Healthcare is a shambles. #resist #ImproveACA
I hope you guy are right, but suspect not. Fact is Malcom X & MLK warned us 50 yrs ago
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FqxpY2MdNMw …
🛇
at least its an admission their drug scheme is broken
Most prescription drugs are made in India. Is that a big secret?
so the US can ride on the back of other countries Pharmaceutiical subsidy schemes
well done, thank you for helping @SenSanders. The #PoliticalRevolution looks kindly on you
The only way to make it safe and affordable is to take production back from evil pharma (pardon the redundancy).
YES!!! One of my scripts - tiny bottle of eye drops 3/4 filled is over $200 every few weeks. Others have it worse!
DT acknowledged #RareDiseaseDay. For me, it's every day. This is what it costs. Vouchers & tax credits won't help.
I'm sorry. This shouldn't be allowed to happen to anyone.
Thank you. W/o patient assistance programs, I wouldn't make it: the unfortunate reality in America.
not just seniors!!!
Give them one of the safest most effective medicines on the planet. Cannabis. F#ck big Pharma
Thank you!  I am one of those seniors.

we don't DO legislation anymore-DJT
Thank u from a senior 4 joining w/ Bernie & the others for affordable/safe prescription drugs.
#BigPharma is a JOKE! Bernie Sanders you are a fraud! Discover Marijuana Already! #RunFromTheCure #CannabisOil
Diabetic people w/o prescrip. ins. pay over $100 for each vial of insulin. This would help them.
this will ONLY MAKE THEM SICKER!!! If they want REAL MEDICINE they should GROW IT THEIR SELF!
just don't ask for help from Corey Booker!
surely everyone, not just seniors?
i have V A i earn every bit of it thats the problem todays  to many hand out & you dont help matters socialism!
no imports, make them here, make them affordable
tell Cory Booker to get on board.
Thanks @SenSanders! 
just for seniors? All Americans should have access to properly priced medicine
We don't need to import drugs from Canada; we need to import the Patented Medicine Prices Review Board!
I am a senior taking 5 daily meds. I notice inconsistent results from day to day w the generics mandated by insur
Good thank you! @SenSanders
Thanks

here's the real problem
Make it happen.
@MarkWarner @timkaine Virginia voter here -WHERE ARE YOU MARK AND TIM!
More power to you both
Why not simply make the pharmaceuticals to charge the same there than they do abroad? It feels cheaper and safer
good point. It also creates a possible competitive market which would drive down costs here, maybe
Congress is too bribed by big pharma for that to work sadly.
hopefully something good will come from it. I work with drug patient assistance programs-
Thank you!
