Lol only Russia interference was u giving Comey clintons paid dossier that Russian wrote . Old creep . U take money from soros the Saudi rhat was arrested and Lynn Rothschild
We need a Special Prosecutor to Investigate McCain/Soros/Clinton Ties to #FakeDossier and #falseflag #russiagate
We're way past a Congressional committee. Independent commission now.
Will you PLEASE just finally admit that you are a brain washed Liberal and change parties so we can unload you??!!! Tired of your BS.
Retire already. You're not even a Republican. You're a traitor.
Russian and Trump working together
Yes but when can the impeachment start? That is the real question. Stand up for our nation!
please get GOP to put country over party. Need to know about Russia interference; please help now
You are screaming for neither just like I am neither of what you just stated. Unlike most - i dont treat politics like sports teams.
How about looking at the facts and seeing truth or does ur politics not involve truth?
There are way to many things being covered up by the intelligence com. Not to believe something huge has been planned and it's not good!
Why don't you just switch party's already? But first something foul is amiss. Yup, I think its time to change your diaper.
Is this the official democratic response? Retire you troll.
U are the most arrogant person if stories are true of your service how dare you judge our @Potus you lost to Obama you gave us him howdareU
Removal of Comey only confirms he was a putz...kinda like you.
כוס אמק מניאק
Thank you for being a patriot
Thank you Senator McCain. Now go give @LindseyGrahamSC a good kick in his ass. This is about our country, not your party.
Dems can't make up their mind! #FIRECOMEY he's reason #Clinton Lost!
Wait..you fired #COMEY! He was going 2 prove Trump colluded w/Russia!
once again the voice of reason
Thank you sir! Get on this before Comey loyalists leak enough about investigation to make Wikileaks look like the JV team. Quick.
Senator McCain,  it's time to rally the troops and get this wannabe fascist dictator out of the Whitehouse and all of his cronies with him.
Thank you
Thank you! Totally agree. America needs you help in making it happen.
We need a special prosecutor, please
We need an independent special prosecutor.  Please.
It's time for all republican representatives to stand up for our democracy. This has gone too far and our future is at stake.
Please back up your words with actions, Senator.
@clmazin So courageous with your Tweets, Senator. If only there were a venue where you could vote against him in some way...
Thank you Senator McCain. This is a constitutional crisis.  Please help.
Please join your fellow senators and get an independent prosecutor involved. It's the only way
How bout investigating your role in ISIS? hmm?
Are you going to act on your words? Will you get @JeffFlake on board? #RussiaCoverup #COMEY
Why do none of the GOP stand up?  Are all of you party over country?  History will not be kind to any of you for being spineless. M
Independent investigator @POTUS is dragging the entire @GOP down
YES! Please take leadership on getting this done. Too many feckless legislators!   You are not.
Retire already. 
I dont see that happening now that Hillary didnt get in. 
You're thicker than two planks.
Such projection. Which party is trying to silence free speech under the guise of meaningless "hate speech" again? That's fascist behavior.
#IndependentInvestigation

Democracy is dying.
No interference 62 million Americans voted for the President! Get over you ran and lost! Move on to HC Bill, Tax Bill!!
With all due respect please make it happen speak to your colleagues this is unheard of. #coverup #IndependentInvestigation #TrumpRussia
Not select cmte, special prosecutor!
Con Man Trump says McCain not a war hero. McCain too much of a pussy to reply.
Believe it when you hold everything up until u get your way.
dude! Get off of Twitter and #DoYourJob ! Seriously, you guys are elected officials, we are counting on you to fix this mess!
All of congress should be on this now! #CountryOverParty
What do you actually plan to do to make this happen?
Deputy attorney general can handle it no worries
No, not a select committee, led and staffed by R's. Non partisan Special Prosecutor a must!
SERIOUSLY!?!?!YOU should be,"Investigated!!!
#draintheswamp
Are you going to do the thing or just say the thing?
Thank you Senator , Senator Udall and Senator Flake also, want this.  Perhaps the 3 of you could insist this happens.
Talk is cheap sir. When will you act?
Duty, Honor, Country!!!
Americans must finally understand that the Fuhrer Putin is really conducting a hybrid war against Western democracy! Putin is new Hitler!
you know as well as every one else there is no investigation with Russia.Comey said this 3 times.Clapper said no evidence
Please put country over party & actually do something about this…
he does put country over party

I'm still trying to figure out which country though
Suck on it! USA loves Trump!
Except he is the most hated president ever... but who care about facts?
What needs to b removed us u from office u represent no republicans u r a corrupt soros puppet
It actually baffles me that McCain is still a republican. He should be the mayor of Berkeley. I think that post will be opening up shortly.
Or maybe he belongs ....
cant expect much from "trump my potus" than a childish meme.
Oh grow up we put up w Muslim obama and had a life to move on to u should try to do same
President Obama is not Muslim, but the fact that you think being Muslim is some sort of taboo is morally reprehensible & un-American.
/sarcasm btw
same goes for hillary
If that means I get one for Trump, then so be it.
You are a disappointment. You are allowing this to happen. You take away our health ins. Yes take away. I can't afford 147,000 yr.
You want to be a real American hero McCain! Be a man and expose the DNC or are you afraid for life! We all have to die sometime.
You  need to crawl back into your hole, and let a true American do his job. America doesn't need another obstructionist
Sir, go home and quit being a sore loser. You and Palin blew it, now let the real people get busy and get rid of the freeloaders.
@SenJohnMcCain @SenSchumer @SenMarkWarner @RepGoodlatte @CNN @MSNBC @maddow  On new developm'ts of today, 400 @GOP members R failing 2 file Art of Impeachm't & crim convict Trump on what @nyusao @NewYorkFBI have on Trump's RICO crimes commit'd at Trump Towers NY & WH 2 Mara Lago.
There has to be a way to get 
him out,  please
All you ever do is cheat betray criticize and look at how Bad you lost to a one term senator who ruined our country Shame on You so awful
McCain? Are you apart of agenda 21 that calls for a mass purge of millions of Americans? If people think ww2 was bad just wait!
Comey was an incompetent political hack. In a rare show of bipartisanship, Dems & GOP wanted him to go. Stop the politics. We support @POTUS
Please put country before politics Senator! Investigation using an independent counsel!
Why don't you just change parties love that camera don't ya
Dear Senator keep Trump Administration Honest. His Russia Connections are very disturbing. Continue great efforts to investigate him :)
McCain u r a war hero u r a veteran of V N, if u vote 4 McConnells h c bill u will betray all veterans. Put vets & ppl before party vote no
Will you formally switch parties first?
Snake!
John, I have lost all respect in you! This last straw you made many errors play the games and you don't do your job! You should resign!
Which has what to do with the issue at hand? The WH just fired the guy in charge of investigating the WH. Does that not concern you at all?
. @SenJohnMcCain I'm very glad to see you sticking to patriotism over partisan BS!  #Republicoverparty #democracy #Trumprussia
with McCain don't pay attention to what he says. pay attention to what he does and he has been very supportive of Trump
I hear ya. We shall see. I would hope that someone who was a POW he would stand up against a domestic threat
he seemed kinda supportive of the torture during the W. admin.. as a senior he likes going on sunday shows and getting good press
We need a select committee to investigate you. You're part of the swamp.
America Needs YOU BE A HERO AGAIN
You need to retire.  God bless you and your service.  But you no longer have our support.  Good luck.
Thanks for speaking this truth
As a veteran that honors my brothers, i have very little respect left for you. You are part of the swamp that needs to go.
Thank you for being the voice of reason in your party!
Be sure you get one for this as well Johnnie.
Ps. Your Jealousy of POTUS is obvious and alarming.
Bad seed.
John it is obvious how you feel about Trump. Comey did a horrible job. FBI job is to investigate only. U know it and so does ec1 else. 
Who's side are you on? You have done nothing good for this country since you lost your presidential bid to Obummer. Leave politics now!
What is the matter with you. No help. I get your obsession but please put others first.
We need an independent board of Psychiatrists to examine your head. You have clearly lost your mind and obsessed with opposing Trump.
Emanuel, Patriots come in RED & blue, Ur buddy is a Patriot!! ALL blue, no Republican. He hates Trump, undermining him every step! Y?  EGO ?
Why isn't every congressman/woman outraged at this? If you can't do anything, we're doomed. t is unstable. impeach 45 already.
Unfortunately, that would require @SenateGOP to have courage and ethics vs being #TrumpPuppets. 1 would hope @SenJohnMcCain wld lead effrts.
you have been a RINO for awhile now!! Time for you to change party's or better yet retire!!!
The firing of the guy investigating you, is already in of itself an impeachable offense. We don't need to prove anything else.
You're a slimy, snake in the grass aren't you McCain. Always swinging for the left. I'll never forget that you sold out your fellow soldiers
John your still mad at Trump get over it and do what you haven't been doing for your fellow VETS you greedy RINO
Maybe they should investigate you as to why you are determined to fight against the Republican president in ashamed of the ones in both hous
Ok, now actually do something about it. You have so little cred left, and there is that cushy job for your wife.. What means more?? Patriot?
Yes! Stop talking about it and get it done! This is country over oarty.
Hope you are the strong senator who can stand up to the party & Trump, who is systematically firing those involved in the investigation.
We need you to speak loudly and clearly. You may be the only sane one left in government
So sad, they already f-ed Hillary, so it doesn't matter anymore.
Mr McCain- please help save democracy before Trump gives our country away
Talk the talk, walk the walk, Senator. I know you're capable of doing that.
Please make it happen
GOD BLESS YU
Meanwhile u don't mind if we investigate you and your wife's ties with the clintons your wife made a very generous donation during election
how much is the Progressives or Clinton paying you?
make it so.
McCain, why don't you retire you washed-up, has been!
Comey was incompetent or corrupt he should have been fired over a year ago. You sir have been blinded by too many years in DC
No it only confirms your need to go to AZ and stay SHUT UP
General Flynn's investigation.
Thank you, Sen. McCain. RIght now, our nation is in peril. These are dark days. We need patriots, not partisans, to lead us.
Not good enough!  1) Special Prosecutor & 2) Select Committee/ Independent Commssn on Russia & 3) Congressional inquiry into Comey firing.
And Sessions involvement when he recused himself.
Id like to investigate why McCain's VA hospitals in Arizona are in the condition they are?  HUH?  #MAGA
Who are you?? And to think that I voted for you for pres. Shame on me! You need to get behind our president!! (I'm sure you won't read this)

It is clear the (1) President lied, (2) Vice President lied, and (3) Attorney General violated the terms of his recusal. THIS IS NOT OKAY. https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/862802422783234052 …
When R U you going 2 stop being a mouse in the corner & STAND up 2 this dictator-in-the-making?/We need an INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION.
Yes indeed it needs to be over but also hope Hillary's connection with Russia is also investigated with her other many crimes
We the People pay our Congress & our security bureaus to investigate!We are not going to waste more money on an investigator! Do your job!
Scared?
Your next McCain #drainingtheswamp!
lead the way John. Country first.
Blah, blah, blah. Quit talking if you aren't going to do anything about it. The #GOP has supported Apricot Pol Pot hiding his taxes, etc.
Fight for it sir. Action is needed now, not just political maneuvering and punditry.
Please sir!! We needa patriot!
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIANS RUSSIANS RUSSIANS RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA Here we go again! THINK
we need an independent counsel now
When are the sensible Republicans going to stand up to what Trump has turned the Presidency into? This needs to stop.
Go ahead. Try to divert attention from your crimes in Egypt, Libya, and Syria, and arming ISIS. It won't  work.
For a guy who looks the other way so many times I think we need to confirm the Russia investigation become your Haman's noose
thank you for staying the obvious. We know you are a hero, but America needs you to step up once more. PLEASE.
Wish you & other RINOs & Dems were as interested in China's influence in US affairs & the misdeeds of HRC & BHO as you are in Russia. @POTUS
@nashdan it's called Country over Party 
No party is perfect but you sometimes have to go agaist your party to protect your Country
HELP the American people! Trump is incompetent and a LIAR! Our Country is in DANGER! We appreciate YOU! HELP US NOW! COUNTRY FIRST! COURAGE
Yes, Senator, but we still need an independent investigator.
Agree & thank you for your vote today. As SenIntelComm ex officio please act to make this happen; @SenFeinstein @MarkWarner called for same.
Need to Investigate: John McCain, L Graham, Pelosi, P Ryan, Reid, Lynch, Waters, Boxer, Schumer, Feinstein, McConnel,Boehner
You have been such a disappointment. You need to accept the results of the election and support President Trump.
With only 36 percent of registered voters approving of Trump's job and 56 percent saying they disapprove, time for you to stand up to him.
 1 year, still no THERE/THERE lol Give it up. @POTUS is your man! USA 1st, so get over it. Your 81, live life doing nothing,like now! 
looking forward to your retirement
Thank you, Senator, for being the voice of reason in the GOP.  Independent investigation NOW.
Thank you for speaking out, sir. We need an independent investigation of this matter NOW.
Special independent prosecutor. Not @SenateMajLdr. Come on John. Mitch only cares about the @GOP
Too bad to see a once great warrior fall so far. I once had the greatest respect for you sir. Now is the time to get out.
Hope you are enjoying your last term in office. You won't get another.
You talk a lot John, yet always fall short of doing the right thing. Unfortunate that #repugs choose Russia over their own great nation.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
Flip flopper
Good God man!  Get over the Russia crap and concentrate on being a good senator!!!
Retire, do you Really believe the Russians influenced the election AS MUCH AS COMEY???   Think, he cost HC the election!  Bless his heart!
I feel for you seeing your party collude with that treasonous orange halfwit.

maybe you should be investigated
Another one suffering from #Russiaphobia
Thank you Senator. We need to defend our democracy.
We now see their is some young smart people who are honest and able to serve our country as responsible representative s
when you going to tell the world you're a real democrat
Senator Mccain,  so what are you doing to ensure this happens today?  History is watching.
Respect 
Thank you! Expose and depose!
Also confirms obstruction by trying to taint the future testimony of witnesses. Same tactic used with Mexican heritage judge
You are a sickening, senile old man!
