Wish we had some republicans who R as bold & focused as the Dems.  They attack Pres regularly, while U weaklings stand by.  Fight back or go
Of course Jack...yet you must be waiting for a rewrite on OCare so you can vote Yes...anf then maybe read it! B.S. at its best
You're right Senator Reed, Trump is crazy and must go, along with his corrupt administration!!
Time 2 attack drug industry, not Pres.  Drug industry sold enough opioids 2 medicate every American for 3wks, around clock!  Cost 2 HC 45B!
Pres Trump & his base, help to put Replcns back in WH.  We can find another Republican who is more cooperative w/Pres.  No fight in Replcns!
Your career is done. Hot mics are a bitch arent they Senator?
Trump won, you didn't. You #traitor
Now let's pretend that we don't know why drugs are so costly?  Congress knows, because they helped them w/favorable legislation & screw us!
You are awesome.  I've been a fan since seeing your performance at the hearings.  Keep up the good work!!!
Shame on you and it should be ur insurance Obamacare that all of u liars should have like the rest of us ! I'm paying pyramid scheme
Umm- hey, genius- the Senate DOES have "Obamacare" for their insurance.
Beahahaha
Revoke drug industry monopoly agnst Medicare; Med Mod Act. Taxpayers shld know how congress screwed them 4 Drug czars.  2003 donut hole born
Gee what a surprise a libtard voting no hmm wow I seem not surprised at all lame duck democrats lame duck democrats
Punish Drug industry, they knew frm obscene sales that epidemic was real.  1st stop in controlled substances, they did not control, peddled!
U R voting no, because you are a closet Demorat.  That vote was about allowing discussion.  You are against discussion?  You are the problem
LIAR
You are a fake American . I love my country and I support my commander and chief. YOU are crazy. You should beg Pres Trump for forgiveness.
What you said off mike was disgraceful Senator. You owe an apology, but that will never happen. Have you been to RI? The State is a mess.
It sounds like a corrupt politician who wants to have people dependent on the government. No thank you!
Thank you! Now do whatever it takes to stop this awful repeal. #wedeservehealthcare #wecandobetter
I'm going to #VoteNo next time you come up for re-election.. bye snowflake
The left is so filled with hate. So oblivious to it and look at her hat! 
I support your vote.
Time to get the freeloaders off Medicaid.
You voted No for debating. Obviously you don't even want to discuss it.  So, you are a bullshit artist.
Please explain how this will blow a hole in the budget.
Democratic jargon for you have no other plan.... #Resist
What's the solution? Should we keep Obama Care and continue to see people loose health care because they can't afford the premiums?
Hot mic:  love your honesty. THANK YOU!!!!!!!
Thank you for calling Trump crazy, I'd vote for you any day if I ever move to RI!
Thank you for your hot mike honesty. Saying Trump is crazy is an understatement. That was being kind.
I grew up in Maine and now live and vote in Rhode Island.  So delighted to claim both you and Senator Collins as my own!!!!!
THANK YOU!!!
But you have no idea what you're voting on???
You think Trump is crazy, Senator?? You are a Democrat.  This is the proverbial pot calling the kettle black. Deep breath. It will be fine.
Just make it so that you and your fellow legislators fall under the same healthcare plan.
Thank you, Senator Reed.It's a shame more of the GOP didn't have the guts to vote "no." FWIW you're not the only one who thinks he's crazy
Thank you Senator, and yes, we are thinking Trump is crazy too!
Please vote yes.
 thank you!
Thank you!
Nobody cares how you vote! By the way how can you or Sen.Collins call anyone unattractive.
Thank you for your no vote!
Also, on that other thing, millions of us agree. He is crazy
We pay 20K/yr O-care premiums w/ 12K/yr deductible & NO INSURER left for us in individual market in 2018 STOP THE LIES! Is the mic on? #MAGA
Thank you for admitting what most of us have known for a long time. Trump IS crazy and dangerous to the US.
Hot mic? Best ever! Speaking truth even when you think no one is listening. Love Sen Collins for doing what is right over what is expected
What Budget??? The one that is a Joke?
Thank you and thank you for pointing out what any sane person already knows, he is crazy!!! Keep speaking the truth!!
Can you keep the mic on for more politicians. Please and Thank You!
You and Sen. Collins should join Dem party & leave the GOP. The ACA's is a failure that voters want repealed & http://replaced.Support  Trump
What He needs to do is stop Tweeting like a child.  I can not believe our so called President has all that down time.  Embarrassing.
You're an obstructionist and extremely unprofessional with your hot mic comments. You and @SenatorCollins should be ashamed of yourselves.
Them? What about that #IdiotInChief ? HE is the one who should be ashamed.
Thank you ,and don't worry about the hot mic moment more than 1/2 the country agrees.
Well done sir!
Thx. And Trump is crazy? LoL...not mad at ya
No, you're voting no cause there's no money in it for you and because you're another Dem in sheeps clothing. Hey, Mic's on!!
Thank you for pointing out what we all see is clearly evident in trumpcare as well as the trump administrations crazy behavior
Lie some more

And this is why Trump was elected. These kind of jerks.
free advice - make sure mic is off when you wanna do some smack talking. We alllllllllll heard it. Douchebag
yawn....
THANK YOU
Thank you!
Thank you. That's the right thing to do.
Thank you!
You rock Senator Reed!
Thank you!!!
Thank you!
