at least 50 electoral votes for Trump may be illegal as they didn't reside in the districts they claimed to represent.
You lost bwhahahahahaha
He also doubted I served in the military, surprise I did and I can prove it.
I could always screen capture my honorable discharge and all my medals. DD214 has too much info
we need an independent hearing Sir.
No we need a civil war to weed your shit out!
Or the leftwing progreesive democrat controlled media which the Russians exposed!
But it was you hack.
Maybe you can convince the #DNC to allow the #FBI to investigate the #Russian hacking and give them access to the servers.
#FAKENEWS
YOU'RE RIGHT!! IT'S BS!! DOESN'T TAKE A PHD TO KNOW THE AMERICA CITIZENS DECIDED THIS ELECTION
It boggles my mind many Trumplestiltskins are OK w/Russian interference b'cause he won, but if it was Hillary?

They'd scream bloody murder.
Forget wasting time on the damn hacking!!!  You look ridiculous to the American people.  We want you to MOVE ON damn it!!!!
The DNC got hacked  NOT the elections..and why didn't the FBI have access to server?
Wasting our time and our money.  There has been NO EVIDENCE of hacking, only media and democratic cry-baby hype.
@inspiredjen Talk, talk and more talk meaningless. You should have ACTED and signed to contest Electoral College on Friday.
Putin's goal was to weaken the office of POTUS. Based on headlines, looks like he succeeded. @SenJackReed
TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS   TERM LIMITS watching your vote!
I support @tedcruz's term limit proposal. Do you? @SenJackReed @SenWhitehouse @davidcicilline @jimlangevin #PublicServants #TermLimits
WHY DIDN'T YOU SIGN OBJECTION?? Trump Electoral college win certified despite Democratic objections
http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/06/politics/electoral-college-vote-objections/index.html …
As it stars any foreign entity interfering with the intention of swaying the results of an Presidential election by its perfect intent 2/3
For all your Trumpeteering, you easily forget or are just to ignorant to know that the Constitution of the United States was violated 1/2
Does that include a sitting #American president, on national TV, encouraging and enabling illegal voters. 

Just curious.
Obama knew of Russia hacking long ago. Put blame where blame belongs. Weak POTUS, weak security.
Lots of evidence Obama spent our money to influence Israel's election.  We are SICK OF IT! Change or Democrats have no future.
All voters R not American citizens. Voter registration s/b a special voter #,  issued by state w/proof of citizenship. Period!
Right!  Americans have decided that we want & demand "term limits".  Servin should B a patriotic privilege, not a gravy train.
WOW DT says American majority is STUPID! Politician MUST Boycott inauguration! Investigate Russian Connections! #Trumpgate!
Why won't the #DNC cooperate with the investigation & let the #FBI find REAL proof of #Russian hacking? Not anonymous comments
Why didn't you object to Russian hacking & 50 illegal Trump Electors voting on Election yesterday? What is wrong with YOU?
To be nullified and another election held forthwith . It's not about party. It's about everything we fight for and defend .our Country .
So where we're you when potentially illegal elector votes needed a Senator to challenge them ? Where was your patriotic sense then ?
The "hacks" started 2011 and ended March 2016. How did it decide the election if we didn't know the nominees?
Hacking meant nothing if not for the evil content in the emails. Hacking Happens! Don't email embarrassing stuff.
Well it's a great thing then, that our elections WERE decided by American citizens .. wouldn't you agree ?
@brontyman Where were you today when you could have helped put the brakes on?
@SamSanderson123 Why didn't you sign the objections today?
It was decided by American citizens. NO Russians voted! We rejected your awful and pathetic liberal policies!


.@SenJackReed It was decided by American citizens. No hacking of results. Had DNC/Clinton had no corruption to expose, maybe diff outcome.
thank you Michelle good points well said
Hypocrite - Why did you not sign on to the objection today? I view the entire US Senate as cowards. Be ashamed. @SenJackReed
@summerbrennan please explain why you did not stand up to challenge this illegitimate vote today
We needed ONE SENATOR to object to ECV
The citizens voted. Trump won.
Thank you @SenJackReed Americans deserve an independent, select committee to investigate Russian interference with our election.
The American people needed political backing today regarding the Electoral Collage! What happened?!? Smh!
@kathyprojo you really think the Russians hacked into the Warwick RI voting booths? Wake up! Trump won, deal with it. #MAGA
AMEN!!!
Why didn't you or any other Senators stop the electoral college certification?
@summerbrennan Our democracy & institutions are more important than Donald Trump's feelings. #InvestigateRussianInterference
@leapgerbils Thank you, Senator.
@RIDemParty Show some EMOTION about the threat to our democracy, Senator. Trump is going to leave you in the dust. Get MAD!!!
@summerbrennan get testimonyThey brainwashed US Citizens to believing lies it was pounded in red states who r easy to believe
So when will our new election be held?
The election WAS decided by American citizens. Stop trying to find excuses for Hillary just sucking THAT bad.
@aliasvaughn it was Putin the whole time not Kellyanne that got trump elected that explains alot
Yes, the Russians told the swing state voters not to vote. U R Funny Jack.
clearly gets it! This is an attack on our democratic processes (not about voting booths) and we can not stand for it.
Our elections should be decided by American citizens, not foreign hackers, heads of state... My full statement: https://www.reed.senate.gov/news/releases/reed-statement-on-release-of-declassified-report-on-russian-interference-in-2016-election …
@summerbrennan then why did no one challenge the EC confirmation today?
@summerbrennan agree completely but wonder why no one i the Senate objected to today's EC vote validation
Thank you, well said.
@summerbrennan TREASON ain't cool at all.  @SenateMajLdr deputy Dawg knows how to shamelessly flush MY FREEDOM.  #vladblowsDJT
