So, where in the Constitution does it say a ban on foreigners of any kind is un-constitutional???
Pay attention! They are detaining & questioning US citizens and those with Green Cards! This is UNCONSTITUTIONAL!
How do you know they are US citizens? there were stories of fake "green cards" found in Muslims countries months ago!
how do we know YOU'RE a US citizen?! Probably some Russian infiltrator
I can prove my lineage all the way back to the Revolutionary War & before that!!!
Well then, you should be especially concerned.
& they must have done some right or people from other countries wouldn't want to come to the USA!!!!!
exactly what a Russian interloper would say
Another grandstanding prosecuting his own country! Shame on you leaving our country without it's leaders. Intentional harm USA
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator.
President Trump has not even had a chance for foreign policy you goofus. We, the people, are sick of your lies.
THANK YOU! 
@AtStampede please explain the unconstitutionality oh the President's actions. Surely a politician can make sense of this.
A sitting judge's opinion of constitutionality is relevant, but I wouldn't expect an answer from a legislator.
If someone is going to put on big boy pants and call something unconstitutional then prove it.
I hear you. No argument there.
how did that work out for you Senator... if u work together I would vote for you..You don't even know there is no muslim band.
no sir you are, words matter it was not a muslimban you and the dems lie! #Tillerson  #MuslimBan
Thank you for your opposition to both Tillerson & DeVos. I hope you will also stand against Jeff Sessions.
Thanks! Also, Senator Sessions would not treat our communities justly. We must stand in firm opposition to his nomination also.
@JohnnyTabs what you are saying is so not true stop this negative  propaganda President Trump is doing just fine #veryfakenews
what about Sessions? #NoOnSessions
Thank you, Senator.
thank you sir ... get a few Senator friends to do the same.
thank you! What about Sessions?  Sally Yates standing up to Herr Fuhrer and being fired.  Just wrong.
Thank you for the sanity in an otherwise insane time....
DEMAND an Independent Russian Espionage Investigation away from Congress so no Trumper sabotage #GetThemALLout #NoPence
Not a #MuslimBan. 
Totally constitutional. 
Tillerson is awesome.
Can agree on #StopDeVos
THANK YOU!
Please vote NO on DeVos and Sessions
be honest jack you're planning to vote against everyone in Trumps cabinet and will will vote against everything he does.
Thank you Senator Reed.
- thank you, Senator.
thank you, Senator!
And Jeff Sessions?
I wish this country had more senators like you !
why  not  when you are  standing  for mulsims
Thanx Jack!
THANK YOU!
thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator. For the first time ever, I was ashamed to be an American this weekend. This President cannot speak for us!
I'm from RI and I think you are wrong. Do not vote against Tillerson much better than Kerry
@PamShumate #f this Russian supporter. All o il right rex
#teamjackreed!
Thank you.
Thank You! Vote against DeVos too!
She is horrible!
Thank you, senator. 
thank you #RefugeesWelcome
thank you Senator.
This is progress, but how could you support #Pompeo and #Carson?
We support you Senator, thank you and stand strong.
There is NO Muslim ban. Just from countries known to export terrorists. Why do you love terrorists? Traitor.
classy. Great skin tho
His relationship with Exxon and Russia should also bother you, Senator. @SenJackReed
Thank you Senator!
Keep up the good work!
@g_ratnam THANK YOU. NO TO SESSIONS AS WELL! AND THAT WITCH DEVOS
@georgelittledc Thank you Sir! We support you!
Thank you Senator. We appreciate your leadership.
Strongly support your decision!
Thank you, Senator Reed.  But you must do this for every as-yet-unconfirmed Trump nominee.
I am glad you represent my state!
This Citizen supports that statement!  Thank you.  National security council too!
good call.
Mr. Reed this is approaching coup d'état  in the white house. Legally binding court orders are being ignored. What's next!?
How about #Sessions?  Will you vote against his nomination?
Sir you are so wrong. We the American people spoke on Nov. 8th. I hope that you will try to work with President Trump.
thank you!
YES!
Where was your outrage when Bill Clinton was sending Haitian refugees back to a dictatorship in the 1990s?
Thank You! Putin does not need another reward for helping his pal DJT! #ImpeachAndReplace
vote against everything Jack. Everything this administration does !
Thank You Sen Vote againist Betsy DeVos to please
Thank you #noban
