Medicaid? That's all you need to know. It's all about the $. That's it. So much waste and fraud in that system and they will get exposed
They don't feel the need to debate. They're willing to sacrifice American lives for their agenda.
They will be debating it w/ Bernie and Klobachar Monday nite CNN.
Bernie is giving a speech about Medicare-4-all TOMORROW in San Francisco. He’s evil. #SaveACA
They will be debating it w/ Bernie and Klobachar Monday nite CNN.
Evil??? Bernie is trying to bring healthcare to all, in the exact way all westernized nations provide heathcare to their people
Exactly.
I want healthcare for all but dont think now us best time. Too polarizing when main goal shld be to get rid of Trump. Fix Ocare for now.
It's academic so long as the GOP controls Congress.
It's stunning that 47 GOP senators are so blinded by their prejudices and greed that they refuse to accept this.  THROW THE GREEDY BUMS OUT.
It's stunning that you would believe the liar Slavitt.
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @LindseyGrahamSC Does any of this give you pause? How many expert opinions do you need to stop the crazy train?
Well, considering Slavitt lied to you and the "expert" opinions numbered at most 12 and possibly just 8...
Billionares don't need managed health care..hourly pay..reasonable rx prices..that's how they can shit on the rest of us and smile
And yet, Andy, the supporters of this horrible version of #TrumpCare keep lying to us about it. We see you, and here's even more proof.
Speaking of lying, that's EXACTLY what Slavitt did, and you swallowed it whole.
There is no getting around this correct? Who will the brave R senators be to kill this bill this week?
1/Anyone who has ever had exposure to State HealthCare bureaucracies will immediately recognize this letter as the most honest summary of...
Except that's not what it was.  Slavitt lied through his teeth to you.  So did Valerie Jarrett.
Very huge
Yeah, but Obama was a black man. And he was president, you see. The GOP has to erase his legacy.
You are so right
No, he's not.  Slavitt lied to you.
According to the wsj journal I just read, this statement is complete bs
Thx @ASlavitt this is significant.
(Tho NAMD @statemedicaid had issued stmt on BCRA)
#GCHJ
http://medicaiddirectors.org/namd-statement-on-graham-cassidy/ …
BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
It's a significant lie, is what it is.
Truly unprecedented.  It appears that the only people who like this bill are a few old, white, GOP men.  Why force it upon Americans?
Are there any groups, other than the GOP that think this bill is good? I'm confused, why GOP lawmakers think this is what Americans want!
They do not care what we want. They want Koch and merger money
@SenatorCollins BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.
No they didn't.  Slavitt lied to you.
Kill the bill!!! Kill the bill!!! Kill the Bill!!!
@lisamurkowski BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.
@ScottWalker @GovWalker "The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from 50 states issued neg statement abt Graham Cassidy...READ IT Walker!!!
WSJ has discredited @ASlabvitt's tweet.
Yet @BillCassidy and @LindseyGrahamSC continue to lie to the American public
Either they are truly very dumb or they believe"WE THE PEOPLE ARE!.............. We aren't!
Thx for the info. Voting will change how politicians act if there's a cost for doing the wrong thing. 2018 will tell us if we've learned.
BIGLY big. & it's almost as if Jimmy Kimmel was… right.
Except...Slavitt lied to you.
@barbipesc @dnvrsangel @mcalister_kathy
this is what it's all about right here
I volunteer to give him his next heart surgery for free, I am not a doctor but I would love to cut a bitch.
Reported.
Not all that big:
Need to sent this to Chris Berg
I guess we leave the Democrat-passed ACA in place and see how people like it. Watch the insurance companies run for the hills even more
GOP will pass immoral Graham-Cassidy come hell or high water. They think only their voters will punish them unless they repeal. Oh so wrong.
@SenCapito have your staff read this and tell us that you care about WV, assuming this is not fake. You owe us.
The letter's not fake, but Slavitt's portrayal of it is a lie.
...1/2 not cave to big insurance companies & big pharma. The money is in the salaries & bonuses of their execs, not everyday people!!!
