I see you never TWEET about things like jobs lower taxes or better roads in Rhode Island.

Eric please tell me this is a joke ? You must know this is total BS.  John McCain was never pardoned by Nixon . Facts are important!
Chuck is too busy counting all the babies murdered in the womb on his watch. How can you have compassion if you allow babies to be murdered
https://twitter.com/FoxNews/status/901548854742577153 … @Hublife
On "Hannity" last night, @MichelleMalkin defended @POTUS's controversial pardon of @RealSheriffJoe. http://fxn.ws/2wxNTCH  
Where is the Outrage? Trump poses a threat to our Democracy.
Get real, Clinton pardoned his brother. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CE-dH6DP-X0&feature=youtu.be …
Obama pardoned violent drug dealers and what did Reed say ? 
Nothing
Reed needs to go.  He is clueless and should lose the next time around.  Bill Clinyon pardoned his brother LOL https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CE-dH6DP-X0&feature=youtu.be …
#traitor
Add Clinton's Marc Rich/tax evasion pardon & BHO commutations of Manning/espionage and Rivera/terrorism. Missed ur outrage at those.
Get real, Trump did the right thing.  Joe was denied a trial by jury.  You are clueless, follow the truth.
Just curious! Are you outraged by all other presidential pardons of guilty people?  Totally disingenuous!
Did you complain when obama pardoned TRAITOR chelsea manning.....NO YOU DID NOT
A court order that was laid down by a Liberal judge who is not fallowing immigration laws himself. Get rid of Liberal judges!
An order that tied the hands of his dept. to search for illegals. It was a no profiling law.  Hillary violated national security protocol. 
1. Why are you relitigating that? 2. If you go after Hilary, then half the Bush admin is fair game. 3. Flynn, Conway, Spicer all same thing.
Even Donald Trump?
Then we're good to go.

Now you better look at Senator John McCain who was pardoned for TREASON by Nixon. Look at criminals pardoned by obama!!
You found so tough. Are you donating your salary like president Trump?  Thought not. Your in it for the money and the perks. Not to help
Go Trump Go !!!!!!! God bless President Trump
Congress should have told trump if he pardons him they would start impeachment paperwork!!
@SenJackReed you fake SOS!  It is NOT illegal to arrest law breakers like illegal immigrants.  I am so sick of you lying globalists!!
If so, why aren't you outraged that sanctuary cities violate federal law?
@xychelsea was found guilty of leaking classified material. Where was your outrage over that pardon?
He got the idea because every time he does something to put America and her people in danger or breaks Constitutional law you PARDON HIM.
DO SOMETHING!!!!
Yeah, well, @realDonaldTrump has little respect for the rule of law. Only interested in feeding his #rabid base and annoying Dems. #grumble
What we need to remember is that the fight will always be for the hearts and minds of Americans rather than the fear of a demagogue.
How many times did Obama minions ignore court orders? Can count them, can u?
So what do we do Senator? Seems Trump's path is clear for his family and all his cronies. Just Xerox the pardon and replace the names..
Dems need to bring Americans together! We need to know what U R about bring our Country back to #1. We need leadership not insults! 
PLEASE!
@realDonaldTrump
Trump immunized official who violated citizens' constitution rights. Means no limit to Presidential power. #SCARY
The charges were not valid. Made up and you are so studio you believed them  set down and shut up
Boy oh boy...what a crime..not as bad as dealing crack and weed, but no problem pardoning them..or your just pandering
Where was your outrage when Obama pardoned terrorist Oscar Lopez Rivera?
Stop with the crybaby partisan teeets, you sound like Cicilline.
A misdemeanor. Where were you when terrorists were freed from Gitmo, and felony drug/weapons criminals let loose???? Please
Obama pardoned convicted terrorist Oscar Lopez Rivera whose group killed 4 people with a bomb in New York City & set off hundreds others
After political prosecution by Obama DOJ bc Arpaio was critical of them. This is justice and Arpaio has been fully exonerated
Another reason to #censurethebastard
Guess you should have had a better candidate to run for president.
Go away
The pres. of the US doesn't respect or even understand the US CONSTITUTION -- think about THAT for a minute, #MAGA
You are supporting a NAZI
https://twitter.com/DisplayDaily/status/901262423071510528 …
Democrats support breaking the law; Immigration, Border, Voting and Marijuana. Support lying about Russia and spying on Americans.
whats outrageous   when   rhodeislander   contacts  ri  attorney   general  about   a crime   and gets ingore
and  that's   fact   and   thats    why   i  didn't   vote   ri  election   had  on my  birthday   aug  22
What did u think of all the Obama pardons??
Arpio will never pay his debt to our society now. Unlike ALL those who he put in his stinking tent city.
True, so how do you feel about Obama pardoning the traitor Bradley Manning, whose betrayal cost American lives?
Didn't pardon Manning. He commuted her sentence. She is still convicted of her crime.
Get off your ass & do something!
When we look at Jack's investments he will be going to Jail!
What's next for racist POTUS pardon the racist who killed Ms Meyer how can GOP support that lunatic
POTUS showed to everyone what a racist he is only a pardon would pardon a racist cop who snubbed his at the he sworn to uphold sad day today
He never was allowed a trial. That liberal judge stepped all over his rights
He also told Flynn, Manafort, etc it's okay to ignore GJ subpeonas. He will pardon the contempt. Ref- @tribelaw
Too Bad!!!!!!
He was never allowed a trial
And didn't Prince Obama pardon criminals????
And what about the 100's of drug addicts pardoned by Osama Obama
yeah a bogus one
Then sign articles of impeachment or use 25th Amendment before the country goes down in civil war.
Do that and a Civil War is guaranteed
Do you need your safe place and coloring books now?
One crook to another! They want Hillary in Jail for some stupid e mail server bullshit but let a corrupt cop get what he deserves? Oh NO!
And so what are you actually going to do rather than just bleat about it?
THIS PRESIDENT IS DANGEROUS
He never had a trial
A federal law Trumps a biased court order. Pun intended.
He detained people in tents in the middle of the desert. I can't swallow this one. NO MORE!
The people of Maricopa county elected him sir - do you think they were outrageous too?
2 words - Bradley Manning
Where were you when #Manning was pardoned? Did you have an opinion then about pardoning a traitor to this Nation?
Step up @TheDemocrats @SenateDems get the job done! We are going2ban together&VOTE out @GOP in every election! Start writingbills! Weneed
Please do everything possible to get 45 out of office!! We can't go on like this!!
He don't give a shit.
Why aren't you working to fix healthcare? That's what's outrageous.
Call out his outright racism, Senator. That's what people want.
Joe never had a trial
Samoa Joe needs another title shot
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHA
A President that does not respect the rule of law should be impeached. Impeach Trump
He never had a trial
Exact reason why we need term limits for judges. .....
Well you all aren't doing anything about any of the crap Donny is pulling....why?
Who's Jack Reed ??
Then do something about it.
Hey Hack do you want me to start listing Obamas obscene pardons? Holders refusal to prosecute list? The guy is 85 you dufus
Then get to work and impeach this pres
What is outrageous is Americans still not having healthcare reform.
A pardon that goes against the fourth amendment rights of every citizen is not also outrageous?
This bigoted jerk is showing his traitorist agenda and rubbing our faces in it. When the investigation is complete...NO MERCY!!!
Trump wants to run a police state in America. Congress must stop him!
He never had a trial
are you just stupid or dont remember obama pardoning drug dealers/ and murderers? or clinton pardoning his pals in whitewater?
Trump enjoys hiding behind the 8 ball to do his dirt as our President Was it possible he colluded with others completely behind the scenes??
Absolutely 100% yes l!!  he's the king of distractions!! Expose and impeache..
Joe never had a trial
Is that good or bad?
In so blatantly mocking rule of law, Trump renews our capacity for outrage.
Joe never had a trial
He is Dirty Harry
Senator my 86 year old goes to mass every day aunt gave a stronger response.
And not just any court order, but one meant to protect the 4th amendment rights of Americans. Dt has no respect for Constitution.
