Dope!!
Absolutely gorgeous. Everyone looks so happy
Weed will do that
Hence why weed should be legal but that’s besides the point
it is in my state
Need a roommate? Bahaha
Yasss
Damn sasha about to steal offset from cardi b
Dang, their daughter grew up so quick
She looks like Barack with long hair
Word.
Why Offset look like a whole snack though! What’s crazy is I didn’t realize how fine he was till Cardi got with him!
Me too , #thepowerofcardibpersonality @bardigang_cali
Awesome
This is the real Sasha Obama

Even the daughter looks like a communist.
Somebody's trying to get brownie points huh...
Your comebacks need some assistance, if you like I can help you.
Why offset look like meek and future combined together
Omg! so grown up! It seems like only yesterday.
Yehhhhsss
Sasha is gorgeous

She's beautiful! And shout out to my favorite couple!
Not sure that's Sasha Obama.  1) Sasha has no need to wear hair extensions, 2) She'd be with her secret service detail and they may or may not approve this...3) She also looks older than Sasha O.  (Just sayin'...)
Neither do white girls but they do...she's grown she approves herself and she looks like her parents
Do it for the culllturrreee 
Step aside Niki Manaj - Cardi B is on the block!! - with the president's daughter no less.  #Foreva
Omg that doesn’t even look like her
I don’t think Mr Obama would like you hanging with his little girl

https://youtu.be/S7J_LYDkZq4  
Love it!
Sasha is so beautiful, she looks  just like her handsome dad....
You go girl
Beautiful pic
Gurlllllllll.  You are too good to be true …

Sasha whoever took this pic is telling on you and they dint diddy crop offset which is a crisis
If to haffi really to date a gyal
Me ah go date Cardi B
Woah, gyal so sleek
Gyal body hot like water weh yah bubble inna bath @shattawalegh @RhynoGh #Gringo
She look outta place like a MF
Why is there steel mesh on the windows? Where you at? The South Bronx?
I think those three were chimping out at popeyes
#SashaObama
She is so pretty
Her legs go on forever 
Nice photo!

wish i was in Offsets shoes, haha
wwq1Ppole
Love u cardi

Who really cares
Cardi B and offset both look like Muppets
This the younger one right??
#ThanksObamas!
Sasha is GORGEOUS!

She's grown up so much!
Black power

They really look like Mom and Dad

what a lovely and lucky young woman...and how exciting for Cardi & Offset
She smoke a blunt?
Awesome photo
sasha stunning
Lol
Kinda creepy in a trump way
I love it!!!!  Black Excellence is in the building! Power! Sasha is beautiful young black women living life to the fullest! @iamcardib check out my pic....album shot out! In Red 
Innocence.
Oh my gosh!!! 
Someone get Sasha away from him
is that real?
Came to dripping
They all looks sooo cute !!!
BEAUTIFUL Picture of all
They look so good
Nice Diddy crop...
#Legendary
Never thought I would witness something like that 
Nice picture
Sasha Obama is a beautiful young lady
Yes, she is!
i want to show this to my kids in 20 years
Sasha Obama is so beautiful 
She’s grown into quite a stunning young woman.
Sasha there looking like a full snack 
Sasha is so beautiful & grownup now! I can't believe how mush time has passed.
im confused, what the fuck goin on in the nawf?
@iamcardib have u listened to gringo by @shattawalegh how he describes you is off de hook
Looking like City High lol

Nice
Looking like her mama 
Let that girl live!
#dat's_wonderful
She had blossomed!
1 sister awkward...her , diamond in the rough..
Sasha, is so beautiful. Hot pix
Sasha 
Protect her at ALLL COST!!! @OffsetYRN @

Sasha "CAME THRU DRIPPIN'"! 
This would've been a great/epic pic had offset not been in it...
damn.
Bush did 9/11
Trump caused 9/11
Thot life
Wow
You're bitch wanna party with Cardi
Why do i feel like 'baby bardi' will look like sasha as a teen lol
She's so pretty 
Slayyy, girl,slayyyyy 
Not 100% but I’m pretty sure they were playing this
#BlackLightning #BlackPanther #BlackMenSmiling  "Ghetto Hymns"  
This is so cool!
We are not far from our full version. And we are facing some challenges at this stage.  Please motivate us and help us achieve our dream!
