You’re sexy no matter what @iamcardib
This bitch deadass makes pregnancy look soooo sexy!
Yes she does! 
Baby girl it's OK. U still rock!  I just had my baby 3 months ago... IDK Wat sexy is anymore lol but I will again one day  it's mommy time! Enjoy day shit boo bcoz its beautiful!!!
when my bitch give birth she gon be back likeeeeeee
Fashion Nova not fitting sis?
Fashinova is turning hood to many ratchet girls have it n closet
you'll always look beautiful and amazing in anything
In my eyes u will always be the sexy rapper with dat baddie vibe # I love Cardi 
Nah it fits sexier now
Cardi it just might fit a life tight but I wish I had your stamina
tu bebe
You still look good Baby momma
You’ll snap back bardiiiiii
Yeah but girl embrace that baby belly while you got it because youll be back on your shit after that baby comes.  You only get to dress for pregnancy for a lil while. 
Disagree! You are one of the sexiest pregnant women and I love your style! Every piece you put on... You inspired so many of us to keep grinding 
@iamcardib you’re sexy af.  You’re looking like a snack and an entree at the same damn time.
Anything you wear is sexy girl! You beautiful from one mother to another own it!!!!!! Love ya
I felt the same way 
cardi i have the body of a refrigerator you get back to being hot in less than a year i never get to
Honestly honest I like that
god kept me humble with this body
Awww Its Okay Cardi Boo I Truely Believe You Will Make It Work And Still Look Smexy.Believe Me I Know lol..
Please Retweet!
"They call me Cardi Bardi, banging body. Spicy mami, hot tamale." ALWAYS
But you're still so pretty
Why u always lying
Why da f**k u lying??

Thats ok you still sexy boo
haha
Issa whole lie sis!!! U cardi bardi bangin body spicy MAMIIII
Hot tamale
Hotta Than A So-mali
Fur coat- Ferrari !!!!!
stop the shit, you look bomb
YOU'RE PRETTY IN REAL LIFE SO EVERYTHING LOOKS GOOD ON YOU! ESPECIALLY THAT GLOW OMG 
Girl you are killing the game, your belly is beautiful! Rock that shit!
 It gets greater later sis
Aww
Lol still sexy thou 
sad 
You have to stay out of Gucci 
Girllllll you still sexy af!! Stop it!
THE MOST SEXY THING UV GOT MOMMAZ IS GROWING ON THE INSIDE OF UUUU....
This was just the other day Cardi. Lookin BAD AS HELL. 
Dancing for  OFFSET
Yup
Buy #ChunLi on iTunes
Strike a pose
U look beautiful can’t wait to see the baby  
Aww Your Still Beautiful Regardless

You are still sexy and beautiful no MATTER what?!?! SLAYY
Girl bye u r so fly come on u wrk it
Girl! That birthday suit fits perfect on you gorgeous!

That’s normal lol !!! If I can look good after 8 you have no issues ! 
It's okay sus ir gon come back 
Ur perfect
What girrrl
@iamcardib ...hey but look at it this way there's no better feeling than the movement of life inside of you... you'll be back to your size...oookkkrrr?!?!...
It's okaii you look beautiful in anything
GIRL YOU LOOK SEXY ALL THE TIME WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT

That’s okay, Mama- you’re beautiful pregnant. And you’re fucking killing it. #Goals
ur pregnancy glowis the sexiest thing that u could ever put on. #facts 
You’ll always be sexy asf you’re da bitchhh
But you're still my role model love u
Its like that
You my Spicey Mommy
HAHAHAHAHAHA SCREAMING
https://www.mediamatters.org/video/2018/04/22/fox-guest-candace-owens-police-brutality-not-issue-facing-black-community-whatsoever/220014 … @RealCandaceO what do you think of this?
You'll stay sexy no matter what.
I feel you girl! Last month of pregnancy and nothing is cute.




I love you so much cardi b the bronx always showing you mad love 
WARS.
Can also talk shit about you and u don liked this!!! So im so happy lmao. Where's u BARDIGANG THAT SUPPORT IN EVERY MOMENT??? 
Bish ..
Talk shitt about ya Bish.
You scary bird
I tried to buy your album but they said you only released it digitally and they didn't have it... Sending you blessings and prayers... @RasputinRecords

Your the best cardi b
no time for sexy, is time for be mommy
Stop everything fits prefect on you btw I love bodak yellow
ITS OKAY CARDI YOU STILL LOOK GOOD AND CONGRATS 
Cardi quit playing!! Yo ass know you have that sexy mom glow tf
You Came along way I remember when I first met you funny thing is you might don’t remember me ... congrats on the baby
MY DAUGHTER IS GETTING MARRIED ON SEPTEMBER 21 she is 24 yrs old The wedding is at the @ Marina del rey by the water in throgsneck we mixed dominican and puerto rican la vida all good.
Can we get some @OfficialOzuna, Bad bunny or @JBALVIN today 
You can still fit your skin right...cause last I checked you been bad since birth b

U never looked sexy
You beautiful in whatever..GET CREATIVE 
Motherhood is sexy. Make it work! #blackpuffinbird
Please block me already
Beautiful B!!!!
Did you see @SenSanders shouted you out?????? Such an honor.
You look cute either way but just enjoy being mommy right now You'll be back sexy soon
GAS
U look beautiful and sexy in anything cardi u have no reason to doubt urself
you are still sexy girl
Babe you’re sexy no matter what! 
https://www.instagram.com/jersey_tha_rapper/ …
Hey at least you're pregnant. I'm just a fatty..lol
You are beautiful! Inside and out. 
You fix ya phone yet?
Girl you’re always sexy.
You on my beat! 
Let me tell you something 
PREGNANT WOMEN ARE SEXY
AND  BEAUTIFUL ANY CLOTHES A PREGNANT WOMAN  WEAR ALWAYS WILL LOOK GOOD,BEAUTIFUL AND  SEXY 
AND NEVER  UNDERESTIMATE  THE BEAUTY AND POWER OF A PREGNANT WOMAN
girl u be beautiful no matter whatttt!!
Mama you sexy !!!!!!!
YOUR REALNESS KEEPS YOU SEXY CARDI B! 
Lol I remember those days
Girl you sexy no matter what you got on
https://youtu.be/VzYYjvdDaVo 
Awww boo it’s going to be ok... keep smiling and shining
Not 2 be debbie downer, but please embrace your pregnancy. It's truly a blessing & many women would love to be in your shoes. You can still be sexy right now, while focusing on having a beautiful and healthy baby Shoot, didn't I just see you twerking at Coachella. U good girl 
You way too cute mami. It's the sacrifices we make as mommies. Bless up 
Me going into spring and summer with my winter body.
Cancelled
You are though
AWWW!!! Love you cardi
Your still beautiful to me <3
@iamcardib you can wear a hefty bag and flip flops and still be beautiful. Your humor and positivity makes you radiant-wishing you a healthy pregnancy....
Know the feeling and not even pregnant  urghh 
Hey can you tweet me back your phone number I'm trying to get started rap I ll let you know the details if you message me
Girl you look good in everything

Bin weevils
what the devil? even sexier, your blessed with carrying a little life inside, a gift from GOD......Sexy at its sexiest gurrrrl!!!!...and if nothing fits sexy on, DONT PUT ON SHIT!
Its temporary
Awww bless

TheGifted0xLEADERSHIPVlog001 out now!!!!!! Happy 4/20!!!!  https://youtu.be/6uwPXTeehYw  | #TheGifted0 #LEADERSHIP #PlayaShit #Panache #DigitalMarketing 
You're sexy no matter what. You're powerful that's why God has placed an angel within you. #STAY SHINING
You still Beautiful 

you  can  have  a  tummy  and  still  be  yummy 
Tru
I like jlo NO FUCK THAT I LIKE CARDI B
Ooh cardi did you go to Coachella?
It's ok cardi at least you have a ball of joy awaiting
That's nothing......after the baby is born no more baby bum
Girl stop playing ... u looked sooooooo good in that Lil multi colored number u were wearing last week... I absolutely loved it with ur bump poppin!!! Embrace that shit!!! Make it happen girl cmon!!
Remember Cardi, there are men out there that was prego porn & your better than that 
Enjoy the beauty of maternity.... It all snaps back.   Flick it up "celebrity pregnancy photoshoot" - less is generally more.
Hang in there....you're gonna be just fine
Being a mom is sexy babygirl#claim it!!!!the blessings lol
Lol its ok your gonna be so happy once you see your baby it's so worth it
Money baaaaag
motherhood is sexy
YOU LOOK BANGING IN EVERYTHING MAMA


Been there. Keep listening to my favorite song. Come up ten after the birth of your baby girl. @iamcardib I really support you and love your new CD. I want you to know I purchased my copy. LOL. Yes, I'm bragging.
Awww 

You’ll bounce back
Cardi, I play your videos on my tablet when I do Lyft rides.  My 12" speakers really put some customers in there ebb and flows.  Some customers, I scream when you come on and i skip to the next video so they don't hear the explicit language.
Sis you be fye  #MilfinOnA100
Be naked, then!
Lol shut up! Yes it does!
Queen 
You will be back better than ever. You're breathing life into your baby and the baby needs more room to grow right now. You are still gorgeous pregnant.
Sis. Listen.......
At least this aint you Sis
dont worry you’ll be poppin after you give birth 
@Shelby_Ryan2125 
u still the most beautiful woman tho
Cardi B, I love you, I made a comment and I was blocked, can you please unblock me. I want to eat Cardi steaks smoke Cardi Bigars. You can be and entrepreneur bigger then Diddy
You’re a sexy mama 

You're awesome
@pupusaaaa
#CardiB #Art #PopArt by @ArtistCarolina
Please. You MAKE things look sexy. Not the other way around! @iamcardib
YES you are!!!
Aww don't worrie you look good
Lol
I caught you on ELLEN, you're as cute as can be! I'm a 58 year old grandma. I find you refreshing. I love the fact that you do you and there's no fakeness about you! Yes! Get the brown interior, "it will be baby friendly".  You'll see when those diapers don't hold up! 
When did it ever
Glad to see you are finally keeping one of your pregnancies. Is it 4 clinic visits and the 5th one's free?
Ahhhhhh Cardibut it’s all gonna be worth it.... a whole precious gift that’s gonna change your life forever !! Hang in the Queen... u are still the most prettiest human being 
Enjoy your pregnancy ! Wear what chu want. Being sexy isn't about clothes; it's a feeling; and you got it in spades girl.
Really....your going to be a mom....no need to be sexy anymore
