No artist like Belcalis Almanzar. None !
Maybe she doesn’t know Offset is the father of that other baby yet
Google the alleged doctor that signed off on it lmao he is clearly an anesthesiologist in Florida #BIGCAP
Worst pres ever
You must have skipped history class in high school
I’m ashamed you go to Rutgers, embarrassing my university like that.
I have different political opinions than you do, which has nothing to do with the university I attend.
FDR is not the worst president, if you’re over exaggerating it’s not clear. It doesn’t have to do anything with what uni you go to, but if you went to Rutgers then you should be educated enough to know that FDR isn’t the worst, if you say he is then prove it
IM SOUTH AFRICAN SO WHO IS FDR?
Franklin Delano Roosevelt, American president in the 1900s
Oh okay Thank you babes...
FDR told me to tell you to release the I Like It video
and to release physical copies of Invasion of Privacy. How does an album that big come out with no physical copies 
@AtlanticRecords

NEW MUSIX TUESDAY IF U LIKE TO HEAR NEW MUSIX FROM NEW ARTIST CHECK OUT THIS FREESTYLE  FOLLOW FOR NEW MUSIX EVERY TUESDAY  https://soundcloud.com/dsgyv/2020-davision-walk-it-like-i-talk-it-freestyle … 
Agreed. What are your thoughts on President Taft?
He thicc
He dead girl I love you
He is also no longer the president. both things are irrelevant because she is simply saying that she believes there has never been another president like him.
I thought he put Japanese people in concentration camps?
but your argument , however, DOES substantiate. a counter to her statement, and DOES actually make for a decent debate and interesting conversation.  :)

I love you Cardi, please don’t align yourself with Bernie the bitter old grandpa. The majority of America hates him and for some reason he thinks he still has a chance to become president. 
I’m sorry but who hates Bernie Sanders? Isn’t he like the least hated democrat
Bernie is actually the senator with the highest approval rating.
I respect that, Cardi, but for me, it's Theodore Roosevelt.  He cleaned up the New York police department, started the first national wildlife refuge, and refused to shoot a innocent black bear cub.
And these things make him the best president of ALL time????
I take Abraham Lincoln 

I really enjoyed that
That’s wsup
I think she meant as in economics he helped rebuild the Great Depression and she’s all about that money so that’s why she said that because in Obama’s term he didn’t do well economics wise but he did do well bringing us together in hopes of being a better country which is bomb af
CARDI FOR PRESIDENT 
its actually disturbing how far down the replies I went without seeing a single mention of japanese internment camps :/
They also don't know that BLACK PEOPLE have been the ONLY group to NOT receive reparations for the atrocities suffered by the US government. Look at Japanese Americans then look at Black Americans.
I had to Google this dude like I shouldve paid attention in school..
Like I was lost at first but I caught on quick lol
No I mean like recognized the name and how my history teacher droned on endlessly about him I just don't remember anything about his presidency 
That's why he the only one that worked three terms.
Actually it was 4
He was also one of the most racist presidents in the history of this country. 
Putting Japanese people in internment camps & leaving all minorities(blacks & Hispanics) in poor neighborhoods & increasing poverty, while giving white families the upper hand

If only you knew history
The most damaging President in history. Obama gave him a run for his money though!

ayooo Cardi  @iamcardib 
make bickenhead a single!!
Until this happens  #CARDIBERNIE2020

Obama a close second tho
Offset Sidechick baby saying Woo Woo Woo Woo Woo
If you like FDR May I interest you in his wife Eleanor aka the real mastermind?
And Obama!
He wasn’t all that good... he left office with so much damage...

why is it that most of these replies aren't about what she actually tweeted ? 
FDR is president now , trump your cancelled
that new deal though >>>
Can you please follow me?
cardi for president
Confiscated gold and interned Asian Americans. What a swell guy 
You're forgetting adding more Supreme Court Justices favourable to the New Deal to the Supreme Court, so it wouldn't be ruled unconstitutional again.
JFK?
When he put Japanese people in internment camps 

I used to love him sis but that bitch was for eugenics and white supremacy :/
She’s becoming Kanye
I hope you're not praising him cuz yknow he had legit concentration camps so uhhh
Okurrr
BERNIE 2020
Who Is FDR???
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Which president flooded urban communities with cocaine ? I can’t remember 
JFK would of been the best president of all time.
They shut him down real quick tho!
They sure did... they blew his head off as soon as he would not take us into war. We have been sending our troops off to make ths rich richer ever since.
I named my dog after him
social democracy is pretty good. thank u cardi
I LOVE A QUEEN THAT SPEAKS FACTS
Ok
Most of y’all bashing FDR, did you know that if it wasn’t for him, your elderly parents and grandparents wouldn’t be able to get social security?
Unless our grandparents were Italian, Japanese or German.
Social security is for everyone
And that still doesn't make up for putting my grandma in a prison camp where her sister died.
FDR didn’t put anybody in a damn prison camp. You’re confusing him for Adolf Hitler
Wow. You need to study American History.
Slips Tea !
Yess Ms.liberal
He did round up Japanese Americans in Internment camps. However, i agreed on most of his policies.
when cardi b said “no president like FDR .None !” i felt that...
What about the fact that he sent Japanese Americans to internment camps?!?!?
What do you like about him?
President Sanders 2020
WooooOooo Love CARDI Out here supporting progressive, innovative politics! Thanks, girl - we turned the hype into a fundraiser to flip the Senate  https://www.etsy.com/shop/BernieCardiB …
No country like Nigeria
I'm tryna see u run for prez. 2024
That's kagiso rabada
Yep........... so?

I pray u have ur daughter on my bday or my sons bday lol Mines is July 27 my sons is July 28 congratulations on all of ur accomplishments u
Me too. That means they will babe will be a Leo 
He was great, but his use of internment camps to warehouse Japanese people was problematic. Still, w/o him we would not have many safety net programs thru his New Deal.  He’s one of my faves, too.  There’s a great documentary about him (incl his struggle with polio) on @netflix.
He was also incredibly racist towards minorities (white & Hispanics) and is a huge reason why there's so many of them in poverty today and why so many whites live in such great neighborhoods.
This racist POS made it happen.
didnt FDR put Japanese in internment camps on the west coast?
for reference:
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internment_of_Japanese_Americans …

I’ve never loved her so MUCH
I was trying to mathematically and alphabetically put Obama's and Clinton's initials with that but it didn't fit in the equation so help me out sis. Please explain cuz Roosevelt? Ummmm
- Social Security
- President during majority of WW2
- New Deal put many Americans to work with massive public works projects
- Loved so much he was elected 4 terms (before there was an amendment limiting the President to two terms)
- All while being I a wheelchair from polio
I see you chose the 'literal' path of response. I was being sarcastic. If someone is  nom'd as a candidate, they clearly have something to offer. Pretty sure ALL of the Presidents have a list as long as California but it doesn't mean they were the right guy for the job.
Oh, it’s hard to tell sarcasm through text sometimes  sorry. I tend to judge past presidents based on the merit of their achievments and the longevity and imapct of said achievments, so that’s why I like FDR (despite the horrendous Japanese internment camps)
LOL so true
You just lost a follower.
Why? FDR basically created the modern day Democratic Party base and created the most popular social program of all time, Social Security. Oh yeah, and practically won WW2
Oh I agree, I just read the tweet wrong. I thought it meant in a way to dislike FDR.
Also there’s like Washington and.. Lincoln... Obama.. so like.. I still don’t 100% agree with her.
I don’t know, Washington owned slaves, Lincoln wanted to send the freed slaves back to Africa, and Obama (unfortunately) couldn’t actually get much done due to an obstructionist congress
Let's turn his Second Bill of Rights into reality!
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Bill_of_Rights?wprov=sfla1 …
Bernie/Bardi 2020

but what FDR achieved, he achieved through a cooperative Congress. What he tried to do alone (e.g. expanding the SCOTUS) didn't go so well.
Republicans starting with Reagan have tried to undo everything FDR accomplished. They don’t care about anything except eliminating social benefits. Shameful.

Bernie agrees @iamcardib  @BernieSanders #2020 #votecardib cardi/Bernie 2020
I prefer JFK 
Except for the whole Japanese internment camp thing
You really are so lit, beautiful — Smart — down to earth — you seem hella sweet ... your such a real person
FDR
Ha
@Chrispy_Cream
Trump! 
girl huh
He sent Japanese American citizens to camps

FDR wasn’t the best president ever he didn’t bring the U.S out of the Great Depression WW2 did.

Cardi 2020 
None!!
Hi queen I am from Algeria
queen
Did you sign a 360 deal?
what about obama
Uh, what about the honest president George bush?
Which one? The “read my lips no new taxes” one, or the “Iraq has WMDs” one?
It was sarcasm lol
Damn straight!
Please tell me what makes him better than the man (Abraham Lincoln)who freed our people from slavery!?
Chill baby Lincoln is the shit, everyone knows that, I hear you.

My favorite FDR moment was when he forcibly rounded up Japanese Americans and put them in concentration camps. How about you?
When he saved America from financial ruin and then beat the Nazis that was pretty cool
Our wise government overlords have a very loyal subject in you, citizen! 
We are proud of your fidelity to the State!
thank you so much for this tweet! FDR is my hero and again, thank you for perhaps inspiring your fans to know more about this great president/human being; blessings!
You two should meet. @DOB_INC
True but I'm more of a JFK kinda gal. 
Pays attention in choach Youngs once
Ummm okay
I hate politics so I’m just going to eat this ice cream  and listen to Thru ya phone and think of you  instead of all the  going on right now 

See that’s why, nm
Cardi spitting truth
Having been to the museum where Manzanar stood, I have to respectfully disagree. He gave in to the hatred of the times, and let innocent people get hurt because of it. Japanese internment was a travesty. May nothing like it happen again.
Naw homegirl exact quote by FDR "We have room for but one flag, the American flag... We have room for but one language here, and that is the English language... and we have room for but one sole loyalty and that is a loyalty to the American people." SO FUCK THAT FOOL TOO.
While I tend to like his domestic liberal policies he flat out invited the Japanese to attack pearl harbor by moving the Pacific fleet to Hawaii against the advice of his military commanders. We had broken the Japanese naval codes months before pearl, possible he knew day too.
You got it right!
I hear you sis!! Since you here can you please check out my friends Zumba choreo to I like it and let me know what you think!!
Read his 1941 State of the Union address, which contains FDR's proposal for a Second Bill of Rights.
I’ve always said this. I loved learning about him in school. And Eleanor was pretty bomb too. @iamcardib
I know you know your presidents girl. JFK is my favorite.
Cardi for President
You got it right 
None after 1989.
deadass

What did you like most?  Was is taking everything from, and imprisoning AMERICAN CITIZENS who happened to be Japanese?
Lol US "political pundits"
Facts! He was a principled man, lot more than we can say for so many politicians today
I agree.  Especially his war efforts against Nazi 
Agree queen
Actually there was another #Socialist Pres. Like him that was #WoodrowWilson yeah their shit didn’t work out well
He's my hubby's favorite!
You are aware FDR did nothing to pull the US out of the depression right? It was the war.
He is my favorite too. I love the memorial in DC for him and I hope you got to see it!!!
Except for maybe Presidents who didn't intern the Japanese and probably prolong the great depression
Teddy
Good point, but FDR didn't give civil rights to Black people. Then again, he was a product of his time. I prefer Barack Obama.

Crazzzzy https://www.instagram.com/p/BiLG77olX_nvYQXQXM699PFWQb87QuHmTz9OFg0/ …
I respect your opinion Sis
My daughters love you!!

well teddy was pretty awesome too so....
Eisenhower was low key better
" NO PRESIDENT " LIKE " F.D.R " 5T , HOWEVER, ONCE I GET THE HOUSE THERE'LL NEVER BE ANOTHER LIKE ME. 
5T
G       OD
JFK
@MacWilson86 I wonder what the D stands for 
Please FDR métete  en sus sueños y dile que haga el vídeo  de "I like it" and tell her to invite me to the shot.
I love FDR, too!
Yeah.  Right 
@millispencer
Did you mean L*DR

As in @LanaDelRey
Dwl

My favorite president. Had to deal with the Depression, WW2 and Hitler all while suffering from Polio and a bad heart.
Bill Clinton was the best to me.
No even Obama?
What about JFK??

@kkwbeauty @kanyewest   https://youtu.be/wkgBJ2osy3U 
Who paid you to post this?
AMEN
Damn

Speak the facts baby 
Eleanor was better tbh
my realest gripe w FDR was his treatment of Henry Wallace.
he gave us social security why are people being mean to u
Very true that no other President put an entire group of people into internment camps.
True AF! The last good president that's y they killed him
Well said, girl, well said... 
Hopefully no more like trump.
True dat
Exactly. None!
???
tell me how though.. i can't knock an opinion without seeing why y'all feel that way
http://youtu.be/wmy6QgTGaNs  go and listening to this guys dope music
Ok @iamcardib but can you ou give me some of your thought on him cause I’m literally writing a report on him for my college history class And I agree he was really good!!
gleeeek Gleeeeeek #GDFN
There's nobody like Cardi B. Nobody.
Truman.. The buck stops here.
I 100% agree
Pardon Me ~ President Ford

Im dead; im waiting for drip music video
I mean if you think about it...
What about Calvin Coolidge?
Fidel Ramos?
Release I Like It music video
We want the I Like It MV
Roosevelt*

he was a real one
Can’t beat Bardi tho
Preach queen
Who is your pastor?
No basketball  player like LJ
Where dat come from?! 
#NewDeal

Can’t disagree
JFK B.  Bush Sr was there that day you know..
Cardi...I dont even know if a good president like JFK could fix our messed up system! Imagine our kids grown...and their kids. What will they have, can they even feel secure in their future. Sad 2 think about it
When we gettin the i like it video 
It was wife making the moves but yea... He straight
NO DOMINICAN LIKE BELCALIS!! @iamcardib 
#Summer2018
Facts 
I say @iamcardib and @HennessyCB for  the 2020 election!!!!   #countrygonnabelit
Truuuuu
I imagine you binge watching the History Channel while you're nesting 
Who?
sista yes like preach um yes
Name the babay FDR. you know give her a name with the same initials so when she's president it'll be dope as hell.

You got me banned from Twitter because your fans live in a bubble lol.
FACTS
Belcalis is a Queen of America
https://twitter.com/ifaiiapart/status/990679092684099585?s=21 … rt
https://twitter.com/ifaiiapart/status/990679092684099585?s=21 …
