I do, I like it, get up 10
And Ring
True!
To be honest Her whole album is Poppin’ 
Money Bag, Thru Your Phone, Get Up 10, I Do, Best Life, Drippin, I Like It.. THE WHOLE ALBUM!!!
All of them. She went in. She was underestimated and @iamcardib delivered
her next #1’s, I Like It & Bickenhead
Money bag
Thru your phone 
Bickenhead!!!! 

I like it
They all soooo good from moneybag to thru the phone to bickenhead to be careful to ring I can literally go ON AND ON
THRU YOUR PHONE!!!!! GURL GOT ME FEELING THEM FEELS AND IT AINT EVEN HAPPEN TO ME!!!! QUEEN
My fave songs on #InvasionOfPrivacy are: Get Up 10, Drip, Bickenhead, Bodak Yellow, Be Careful, Best Life, I Like It, Ring, Moneybag, Bartier Cardi, She Bad, Thru Your Phone, and I Do.  #CardiB
she bad she bad ayyyye
Best life with @chancetherapper
I knew Cardi B album was hard when I kept playing Be Careful and Ring, and I’m not even heartbroken
I LIKE IT feat. @badbunnyPR & @JBALVIN
Be Careful
Be Careful is my jam!!!!  #InvasionOfPrivacy
I like it 
Thru Ur Phone 
Ring, Thru your phone, Drip, Bickenhead, best life,
All of the tracks are  Babe. #CardiB has taken rap to a whole new level phenomenally! #RESPECT #InvasionOfPrivacy
I like it !!!!!
All of them
Bickenhead
Who cares
Yeah.... Who cares, is my favorite track too lol
I like it & Best Life
It changes everyday, but today it’s “I like It”
Bickenhead and I like it
“i like it”, “money bag”,”thrue ya phone” , “best life”, “get up 10” ... All hits 
Thru Your Phone, Ring, I do, Get Up 10 & Money Bag n She Bad runners up...ugh Bickenhead, Best Life and I Like It too
BICKENHEAD 
I Like it Like that 
Thru Ya Phone 
Be Careful 
Ring
Money bag , I do , drip, 
The whole album
I like it ft Bad bunny & J Balvin
Be careful
I Like It! Party feel!
I do, i like it, ring, thru your phone, all of them!
I like it
I like it like that
Bichenhead 
Be careful 
Best Life!!!  Eooowwwwww
Thru your phone
Bartier Cardi
I love the Barbie Tingz joint
Get up 10 is my fav but tha whole album is dope asf
I like all of them but my TOP favorite is Thru Your Phone  @iamcardib
I Like It Like That!#bombsong
The whole damn album!!!!!! @iamcardib 
Be careful with me
Get Up 19 
Thru your phone!
She Bad
Nun cuz i havent heard it & i dont want to
She bad
Drip She Badman the whole Album 
Get up 10, Ring, She Bad... whole album slaps honestly!
Get up 10!!!! 
She bad and best life
Get up 10 
I Do
I Like It
I do!! What I like I do I dooo!  #shmood #allsumma18 #InvasionOfPrivacy
BICKENHEAD. that first line got me. I was like, So that’s what we gon start with??? Fine by me
Drip
Money Bagz, Ring, Bickenhead, Thru Your Phone
I do
I like it & I do
She bad
All of them. I can honestly say I dont skip any songs. Its a solid debut
drip
I do
She bad
She bad and Ring 
Ring is fuckin 
Ring for sure!
be careful
I DO- Cardi B is 
My special favorites are:
 Ring, Thru your phone, Bartier Cardi (party with CARDI), Get up 10, Money bag, Bickenhead, and not last nor least... I like it.
Ring, Ring, Ring
ALL OF THEM Thx @iamcardib
Get up 10
Moneybag. But the whole album fire . Be Careful, I Do, I like it like that, Bickenhead and Get up 10 in that order
Depends on the category lol(I got the whole album on repeat
#1 ‘BICKENHEAD’ - naughty QUEEN gettin money anthem 
#2 ‘BEST LIFE’ - follow ya JOY money moves Anthem
#3 ‘BE CAREFUL ‘ - in my BAG -but still smiling because it’s filled with money I made anthem
  #BICKENHEAD 
I can't choose I love them all! Cardi be doing the thing
I do with may love @sza
So beautiful
I do, thru your phone , bickenhead, get up 10. 
but I do stays on repeat 90% of the day lmao
It’s between I like it & Drip  can’t really decide 
Be careful
Ring ft. Kehlani
Bickenhead
Rimg@cardi
hell I don't have a favorite, I love bickenhead, thru your phone, I like it, hell all of it
She bad then bickenhead
Bartier Cardi
All
I like it, and Bikenhead.
Get up 10!! Goes hard 
ALL my girl SNAPPED, hell I felt what she was saying on EVERY SONG 
Ring ft Kehlani

Best life just makes you wanna go to California and vibe #bardigang
best life, ring, thru your phone, bickenhead, be careful
It's really hard to decide,  I love them all 
I love ALL OF THEM
The whole fuckin album is  @iamcardib KILLIN the game 
Be Careful, Drip, Bickenhead... maaaannnn fuck it the whole damn album 
I like it
Bodak Yellow, Get Up 10, I do, Best Life, I like it, Be Careful, Thru your phone, Money Bag, Ring, She Bad, Bickenhead, Drip,
Get up 10
Best Life
Thru your phone
My fav is Ring....
Bartier Cardi (21savage) / She Bad (Yg
Get up 10!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I Do
Drippin
Get up 10 iz saying something on tru
But then again Cardier Cardi hard azzzzzzz fuk too. This album iz Platinum Plus quality in my opinion. 
Much Luv Cardi B !
1-5....don’t get me wrong I love the entire album butttttttt 1-5 is enough!
I like it, be careful , I do
I like It 
She Bad
I like it
Chun Li
Best life, up at 10, thru the phone, I like It and I do all fire as hell
Get Up 10! Started the whole set with that 
Ring 
Lick ,be careful ,drip
Get up 10!
Y’all I like it and ring
Best Life
You don’t even know that you this close to dying thru your 
Drip
I like it like that
Best life
Thru your phone, Bickenhead and I do are tied for me.
RING WIT KEHLANI
@iamcardib #bigboy #InvasionOfPrivacy literally every single song. When I get in the car I can’t even decide what song to play first.
All
Money bag & I like it
All of dems
I do ft sza 
Awesome
I like it, thru your phone, I do, be careful, ring
Aye! How com ur new moring crew is Hispanic? If Blax WON'T b hired 2d.j &host their own music, who else will hire them? I heart radio SUX 4 this! Political propaganda! It's common knowledge that MOST Hispanics HATE Blacks, especially Mexicans! So ur new sho is a slap n th face!
Best Life
The entire album is banging! #Facts EVERY SONG
I do is definitely my favorite
My fav so far is Drip...to be honest to whole album is ...luv u cardi
Be careful
I like it is but i literally don’t skip any song 
Get up 10/best life/ring /money bag
Ring ,thru ur phone, get up, money bag the whole album
All of them!!!;
Ring & bickenhead
All of them joints. I bang the whole thang at work everyday and then come home and bang it again. 
I think we're looking at "Album of the Year" and Cardi B "Artist of the Year.  Keep bangin' us Cardi.
Bickenhead
Get up 10
All of them this is the best album I've heard in a long ass time I don't skip a single song 
Best life 
I do 
I Like It
The whole album..!
Barrier Cardi
I like it and Bodak yellow
Love the whole album but Get Up 10 & Best Life are my top 2 
Get up 10!!!! But, I can listen without skipping one track!!!!
Through your phone
Thru your fone & Ring
Ring
There are too many to name!! But Best Life is definitely one of my top 3! 
I Like It, Get Up 10, Bickenhead, Money Bag, Best Life, Thru Your Phone
Steal looks... Steal music too Barbie Tingz
All of them
I do
She slayed this song, I almost passed out! Get’em !
I Do, Ring, Thru your phone, I like it, Get up 10
Get up 10
Damn not even one single negative comment, ILY'all 
Get up 10
All of them
"I like it " for sure
Money bagggg
