
I think all of us have a positive and collective part to play, not one person can do it all.
Big facts
Cardib, Obama's 1st 2 yrs he had full democratic power. Didnt pass anything but Obamacare and hundreds of regulations against the usa. Trump's 1st year, he deregulated everything and we are great again. O did nothing for blacks. - Truth
Damn. Were you paying attention? What did he do for the country? I can  guarantee you’ve been misinformed. Not your fault. I thought you were making a break through when you were talking about how much you paid in taxes. Keep looking for truth.
Just for starters
I guess you forgot about thing like the 873 billion dollars in regulations Obama enforced, the 301,000 manufacturing jobs Obama lost, the 732 billion dollar trading deficit with China in 2016, The fact that he never contained ISIS, and divided our country racially.
It’s not really a deficit if you’re exporting more overall than you import
OMG, I’ll bite. Please explain how you deduce no deficit? What’s “overall”?
If you sell more than you buy you don’t have a deficit regardless of the country
So what your saying is if China sells us more than we buy but Mexico buys more from us than we sell, it’s a wash?
I don’t know what you mean by a wash but to answer your first bit It means you have a trade balance or revenue so you’re not loosing any money. This is basic economics they taught us in school at 14
He did NOTHING for Chicago, our healthcare was unaffordable. Our boarders were NOT secure. 50 Million more AA were on foodstamps. Isis was running rampant, and the GDP and economy were in the toilet. So, yeah, he did NOT do enough
True I don't see any  changes on the South Side
U see anything better with Trump do you even think that ur gonna see anything better with Trump PRESIDENT OBAMA was surrounded by a group of white men who fought him every step of the way Chicago is not the only city in the U S that's having social and economical problems
Uh, yes I do see better with Trump. My 401k is olff the charts after 8 yrs of NO MOVEMENT.
Your gains are short term. Take it from somebody who’s been around for a long time and lived through many recessions. All the indicators are pointing to another one. The losses in 401k plans during a recession usually exceed the gains made.
Ur absolutely right Cindy cause I've experienced that loss as well and a loss is something u'll never get back
Facts!! He did enough while trying to be stopped at each turn.
What all did he do? What all did he do that benefited black Americans especially on a wide scale across the nation? Name at least 5 things he did to SUCCESSFULLY better the economy for EVERYONE.
Girl please what have you done. People want to point fingers but not doing anything themselves. Be blessed.
I literally asked to name 5 things he has done to help the economy and black people nation wide and you refuse to answer my question. He was president. Not me.
Bailed out the American Auto business. Bailed out a sector of Banks. Reformed to partially clear the recession of 2008 (which isn't his fault, and Trump is also taking credit.) Dropped the unemployment rate and his 2010 tax cuts. Your welcome.
Unemployment rate was actually increased under Obama. Businesses continued to move over seas. Recession actually started under Obama (extreme increase in housing prices). Obamacare caused a large amount of people being dropped from their health insurance & paying outrages fees.
and the majority of corporations in this country started T-Rumps term with excess capital already, they did not need the tax break.
That’s kinda vague. Like what?
They never can name anything except “he killed osama bin laden “ 

He was the only President Who never reached a 3% GDP in all his years You call that good? SorryHe FAILED at best He had a lackluster Presidency & history will remember him as such
Just goes to show how bad the recession was. I'm not saying Obama was great but I think history will show that between Bush and Trump he was not as bad as people make him out to be today.
He had no intention of sparking growth he deliberately kept the economy down Why was he asking HOW? When Trump was campaigning & promising to bring jobs back? No clue? It wasn’t in his wheel house to do so He had an agenda He is a globalist & was in a race to the bottom
when cardi is more politically aware wake  up @kanyewest #Geminifuckery
What did he do for black folks? What did he do for Chicago at least? I'll wait...
Presidents before him were declaring war on drugs for African American communities, stop and frisk affected tons of the same communities, law and order as well. Not a single seated president went to a jail to see the mass incarceration issue in America. You wanna know who did?
remember to think for yourself no need to speak for shit u dont know about .. ongod
What'd he do? Genuinely curious.
He brought dignity, integrity and intelligence to the White House. Something that seems simple but is much needed.
The situation in Chicago has  a lot of factors playing into it. 
1. Gun laws
2. Justice Department
3. Police Brutality
4. Gang activities
5. Republican obstructionism
6. Media coverage
7. General public concern and outrage
8. Economic status
How about the people killing each other? Why is it the government's responsibility to fix this? The citizens are more to blame than anyone.
By the people I hope you don't mean mob justice. 

Who investigates the criminal activities in your state. 
For some reason when it comes to POCs... Never mind.
The 'good' police officers need resources and intelligence necessary to fight these crimes.
Go ahead and say what you want. You obviously think one way.
. Projection expect
Emojis do not fuel debate. You laughing at my responses shows your lack of respect.
Yes he did plenty and Republicans fought him every step and of the way!
As both sides are doing to President Trump now He has accomplished more in 15 months than any President in all their years of their administrations
You just won the prize for the stupidest and most misinformed tweet that I’ve read today. Congratulations.
LET.THEM.KNOW.
He didn’t do anything at all.

Everything he did was a failure. Trump has erased his stain on America in one year. Liberals hate America. That’s why they love Obama. Anything that destroys the Constitution, liberals rally behind.
You swear you so smart bc you know a couple fun facts about the presidents.
Lmaoo what do YOU know about the presidents ?
LMFAOOOOOOO I’d rather be able to write basic english words correctly than to know fun facts about presidents.
What was y'all thinking when you was voting fot Trash Trump?,what change was y'all expecting him to bring?, the guy was already a joke acting like a puppet while he was still campaigning..i say you only have yourselves to blame, dance to your own music
you sleep, Obama is one of the biggest reasons God is going to destroy America . he made it possible for men to marry men
SHUT UP
Yeah ! So what did he do?
HA HA He did nothing .
and none of them supported him while refusing to pass any bills he proposed!
Now Cardi is Politicien
Lol my dude you can’t come for her and you can’t spell check  I’m pretty sure @iamcardib can have an opinion.
For sure
He literally destroyed our economy and healthcare, made bump stocks legal (trump banned them) & was corrupt and wire tapping illegally. Lmao. What????
The lies the unemployment rate went down which build up out economy. Trump hasn't done shit but undo what Obama has passed and fuck up some of our allies.  
But possibly deneuclarizing NK??? Lmfao and actually that’s not true at all  should possibly do some research cuz that’s 100% false. 
Yet he wasn't even born here.
He was.
Proven many times.
Clinging to any other narrative serves your racism.
All yall are really saying is he did nothing for chicago, so since yall so pressed comment in 4 years what trump did for chicago fuck
He did A LOT for Chicago. People just forget how bad things were and could’ve been.
I swear he did but apparently not everyone feels the same
@iamcardib @BrunoMars 
What was the relevance of this comment?
Nothing just drawing
Oh ok. Was just curious.
Oh okay
why u drew her no ass tho
Umm no one is perfect I was just having fun drawing that is all
You must read readers digest! But you don't can you name some books ill wait.. but i don't use hate words to get at people just they own knowledge.  But since you don't have any i guess I'll use these words. Stop hating on people and be proud of their actions. Be positive not neg
Been there done that read to my kids every night do you.. i see you looking for attention you don't ever have no followers your insignificant. By peasant
First off @iamcardib is not a hooker she was a stripper. Now she is an entertainer and great at her job she had never back down from her truth.  @iamcardib is one of the realist rappers out now. She is looking better and talking better than she did.  We are all a work in progress
TRUE INDEED SISTER
Definitely not your platform. We sea you getting to it. But stay there.
she can do what she wants with her own platform
your right butt....
but what
What does she know about politics? I thank her for the opinion.
What do you know about politics?
What does Trump know about politics.
Money
http://dauntlessdave.blogspot.com/2018/04/so-you-claim-obama-was-born-in-us.html …
no he didn’t Cardi. Don’t let ya millions fool u now big baby. My life is finally better when he got outta the way of progress. If u wanna talk to a real mf ask me
and while y’all here watch my sza joke
Maga!!!
You Know Oboma Aint Do Shit in Office 
He did nothing wile he had full power of the house, the senate, and the legislative branch.

I have smokie eyes  hold on, I have to flip these 
Bar-B-Q ribs.  just acting silly. I'm still taking my knee. BLM.
Apparently you forget how Obamacare was passed.
Yeah @KimKardashian  sooooo step down with your husband as well.

Look at u getting all political and shit
I LOVE YOU BITCHHHHH
and Trump aint doing anything to keep these gas prices down. As soon as he's in office, gas prices skyrocket again.
Speak on it Boo!!!!
Did enough? Hahahaha wow. I've done enough for this country. What an ignorant statement!
this is cardi b's mother I just want it say I am so proud of u baby i knew when I squeezed u out u would be somewhere big! love u xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxxxoxoxo
Facts
Omg I love this bitch
He didn’t “accomplish” a whole lot because the plan was to block every attempt he made. Most likely the plan was to ensure he got portrayed poorly. However, he did make attempts and he also accomplished a true healthcare initiative; though he admits it wasn’t perfect. #respect
What did he do? You might want to do some research on the good and bad he did...
What did he pass while Rep were in power? He passed Obamacare & banking reform while the Dem were power, but after the lost they house & senate I can’t think of any major legislation he passed, he signed a bunch of executive orders that go away as soon as the next president wants
Fam Obama deperoted more people than any other president in US history.
Girl
Damn right! Love you Cardi!
Cardi B - you are extremely intelligent!  And you are so real.  You are my Tupac reincarnated into a females body.  We love you Cardi!
Thank you  #StayWoke
Go off!
@RCB3 your girl
Omg love her.
Right.
Whattttt?

Ain't do enough for Chicago tho


Well I did like you 
people cant just say anything whether its good or bad without somebody trying to have a counterclaim....smh.
Democrats had the house AND a super majority in the Senate for 2009 and 2010. So false. Also they had caontrol of the senate all the way until 2014.
Louder Cardi!
you do politics?
Amen
If I wanna date a girl I will date @iamcardib wow girl so sleek.. @shattawalegh voice on #Gringo
Come on @iamcardib
THANK YOU!
Define "enough".....did not realize that all a president had to do was "enough"
I absolutely love political cardi 
Even Cardi saying It
I’d LOVE to hear you explain a few things Obama did lol...
First complete speech therapy, then you will be allowed to have political views
So do you give Republicans credit also? Ofcourseeee notttttt
oky
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
You smart as hell they don’t even know who the damn vp is Cardi we luv u don’t even sweat that shit I know you study politics . Have a nice day I’m going to a funeral of my friend real young died of cancer. I’m going right now her dad came from pr .
@squeak1967
Yes, until @POTUS44 no President has ever doubled the National debt!!
This ain’t Cardi B talking

It’s nice you all like her but she’ll never ever even now that you are alive and on this planet
#FACTS
Fuck did he do ?????
And what did Obama accomplish that was enough for the United States?
Iran deal, TPP, health care, Paris deal, recovery from recession/financial crisis, deported the most dangerous immigrants while creating a path for dreamers, aggressively pursued civil rights violations/police reforms, pardoned non violent drug offenders, etc
Nightmares incoming Lol!
Amen
Peach 
politically woke 
What did he do that was enough cardi? He did just aight OK, enough is too much to say 
@iamcardib come to my civil war fair may 14 at 9:36 to 10:36 dm me for my school address
And let's not forgot he had a super majority when he was first elected and didn't pass one truly progressive piece of legislation. Could've given us a public option, broke up the banks, or legalized weed and didn't even reschedule it. Sad!
people expecting a savior to do all the work for y’all. Come here & complain he didn’t do anything for us. He was and is the 1st black president EVER. Period! Now, like Roosevelt once said : Don’t ask what your country can do for U Instead ask what U can do for your country! FOH
U don't even know wat you're saying so dumb smmmsh
Louder for the folks in the back! 

And what we’re not gonna do is slander President Obama in these comments!
Why niggas keep saying he didn’t do anything for black folks or Chicago idk. Some niggaz are in college because of him js..but he wasn’t just the president of Chicago y’all.he walked into presidency of the country knowing how fucked up bush left it and tried to change it
Oh I see u r already playin the political game. U signed with Sony right? Gotchu. I feel for ya Cardi. But pls if u can stay outta politics.
Man idk Cardi..imo he spent so much time on pushing gay rights..but kept quiet when it came to human rights..most of those executive orders relinquish all rights of the people to government control..its all a bunch of bs..
And just to be clear I'm gay and have been all my life..but if you look at those orders starting with EO 11000..its some dictator type fuckery..we deserve better..
FACTS
Girl...
You mean like bombing Syria?
Obama did what he could, but 2 many republicans were against in the House!
Some ppl are just clueless

Half yall RTin & don’t know what he even did lol
Emphasis on "enough".
Kanye is shaking
In laughter because Cardi B is a moron? Yes me too
esta pendeja que sabe
Thank you Cardi!!!
Why do y’all think the pres supposed to make the changes in your specific community? “Obama didn’t do anything for the south side of Chicago” He has the whole entire country to worry about and even then didn’t he make that big brother program? Go complain about your mayor.
he also deported more people than any other president in united states history and was a major contribution to the civil war in syria but go off
Yes Obama did a wonderful job now trump is tweeting like every 5 seconds it’s like Twitter is his pycoligist or some shit every shit that happens to him in 2 min he’s on Twitter. You know
Obama not even in office anymore , so can y’all stop trying to compare him to trump lmao because honestly trump couldn’t compete w Obama even if his life depended on it .. Obama did a damn good job & if He could have went a 3rd time he would have won the 3rd term #facts
Term* .. Obama cleaned up the mess that he could you can’t expect him to clean up all of it when it was a complete mess  he is one person over 50 states  he can’t just focus on CHICAGO get out y’all feelings
Say it louder for the people in the baaaack!
What did she say? How about facts? Opinion is nothing.
You were stripping during Obama’s presidency, you know nothing about this.
You need to perform “She Bad” at the royal wedding
I’m gonna tell you something, ex-stripper to ex-stripper, you’re smart and i like you.
See, that’s why I’m mad at both of you....you’re both really smart AND people paid to see you take clothes off. I’m really smart and I’ve been offered money to put clothes back on! It’s just not fair 

Fortunately, I’m rather decent at making pretty women laugh, and I can cook, so I’ve got that going for me!!
Cardi B for President 2020
Obama +Hilary are SATANIC globalists! They hate us!! We are slavessss! You are supporting veryyyy evil ppl, evil to the core, they are trying to corrupt your soul tooo! They do baby rituals be careful!
Oh so we all just gone forget what happened with the libya situation further destabilizing africa and crushing any hopes of finally breaking free of colonial exploitation
You should just give up in life and do porn
Still my president idc
That mandatory insurance tho 
Facts @iamcardib . Facts.
Compare Obama to FDR (who had 80% of Congress who were Dems). Obama was that good.
He brought us out of the recession to having 4% unemployment rate! He did so much yet Trump wants to take credit
Stupid answer.
 what you want

Whos obama?
@acarlossss idk man
Whattt
all I know is when Obama was in office I could fill up my gas tank with $20 
Did you even vote? You my bitch, but do you even know where he stood on forien policy ?
Amen sister.
I love you.
What do you know about What Obama did, Madame, suddenly everybody discusses Politics, even the ones who know nothing about it.
Smh

Cardio shut up and twerk
A president can only do so much to put safety and laws in order but what is Chicago doing for themselves? What Americans doing... killing eachother and belittling one another. It starts with US!
I don’t like his insurance changes but other than that, I love what he did for LGBTQ+ right. I miss the Obama’s. :(
educate the masses, sis!
Have to disagree. What did he do.. peace in the middle east? Jobs? Fix schools? Fix national infrastructure? Opium?  Korea? Veteran Care?
They gave him so much shit too,  they did everything possible to make it difficult for him.
#tmzlive
WE WILL STAN FOREVER!
Not true. Obama left Syria as is,
Iran and Russia unchecked, China ravaging our country. Our country’s deficit at 20 trillion up nearly 10 trillion. And his first two years both chambers were democrat.
"Obama did enough TO this country..."
We won't forget.
@yardyabby  for me he did nothing!!! During Obama no work but now there's work
I AM IN TEARS! 

What did Obama do exactly? Trash AF Obamacare? 

Celebrities don’t have to be Democrats. Call that dude out for his mediocrity. 
Ok cardi no he didn’t...
He did a lot of it illegally and should be made to answer for it, along with 'her'
Yeah he did a lot of shit to hinder our country that's about it.
@iamcardib has GOT TIME TODAY!
Real talk
Alright you a good rapper and all but Kanye is still a hop hop legend slo down
She’s talking about Obama not Kanye
You're right! Obama did a lot for this ungrateful country. The orange circus peanut #45 makes me angry and sad. Sad for our country
I like it
The entire government is corrupt  idgaf . We at some point let the government go from helping better the country to bettering their pockets. Shits sad.
Yessssss

Queen
Yea he did lie alot and give Billions of dollars to the Iranians.  Thanks Obama.
Rainha sensata do rap 
Baby u deserve a good man I like u and nicki but sometimes be a hardcore like nicki oky coz u rilly gonna get hurt
@HeadRaven What did he do for OWS economic inequality protesters?
Shes not black
Trump is big gay
what did he do cardib?

Like what? I'd be interested to hear specifics. That's what really counts.
So many great things happened in America under Obama! He inherited the worst economy since the great depression and less than 10 years later, his successors economy is booming. #ThanksObama
Yeah, after the Democrats lost the House and the Senate by mismanaging the Crash
Who typed this for you because you are not smart enough to know that or make sense while typing it

I think he went far above and beyond “enough”

Only #facts 
facts for lyf and history was made at the same tym
He definitely did! He gave #BlackPeople record high levels of #poverty and use of #welfare. He stagnated the black community and promoted dependency. So you say he did enough. I'm surprised #Obama do worse the black community and Chicago.Maybe it was because of the Republicans 
Preach!
Obama did almost nothing....and the few things he did have been killing this country.  Trump is reversing the effects quickly.
Like wha?
Ikr! He increased the national debt by 10 trillion. Raised the cost of healthcare by 500% and what is going on with Guantanamo bay again? Oh right.. He gave us alot of broken promises.

