PRINCESS OF RAP !
Iggy*
iggy is a major princess of flop bye
Hun, she’s got talent something Cardi can’t relate to
Nicki ended her
Cardi is unbothered breaking records
So is nicki
Nicki Minaj's 'The Pinkprint' is the best selling female hip-hop album of the SPS era (chart units; in the US).
We been knew.... anyways moving on
So why can't we let them both succeed?
Cause Nicki started some kind of stupid war 
Cardi started it dear
Well no Nicki gave her truth and her fans started going on Cardi’s page wishing death to her unborn child ... The fact that she did not stop them from doing so is absolutely disgusting  The timing was also laughable as fuck ...
What is SG2? 
Doesn't she have like 5 albums out already? Lmao
She only have 1 studio album. The rest of it just promotion album
Stars dance? Revival? All the albums she released with the scene?
Stars dance and revival were solo
QUEEN OF RAP

The Swift fan should stay out of this but you’re allowed to do what you would like.
APPLAUSE!!!
Google asked me which song i like on the album,I cant choose coz I LIKE IT all,I DO i made it my RING tone coz I love the way it sounds THRU MY PHONE.hey my girl @iamcardib SHE BAD for sure this industry beta BE CAREFUL coz she's taking it all,this album is DRIPping in FINESSE
Well, Taylot hold this record before Cardi broke. Not to mention Taylor do that with only one single ‘Look What You Made Me Do’ . Btw congrats 
oooookkkuuuuuurrrrttttt!!
ariana and nicki are coming to break it
You are the best rapping girl congrats on your Album 
@iamcardib LOL Spotify is better
 don’t support a fake hater

She’s coming to dominate the female rap, Nokia I shaking
Great! But y’all Swift stans and Nicki stans can’t hate rn
Nicki stans will be pressed hahahahahagahagaha
U stan Dua Lipa sweetie, don’t get brave
Well
Lol the thirst is real
dont get brave nicki is coming
stream Barbie Tingz and Chun-Li btwwww
Céline stan with taste 
Nicki is a damn legend not my fault sis 
Madonna outsold fadriah and fadline.
she outsold the entire music industry x77372727272 sis wym?
Madonna? We been knew
Congrats cardi, but don’t forget to buy Barbie tingz
Yeah don’t forget you don’t want the alleged queen of rap to go broke lol 
Thanks hassan for showing us the definition of a weak drag, try harder next time
Not weaker the those two songs released yesterday
Fadcki Abortaj Who? 
Abortaj? Really? At least Nicki knows how to create a sentence.
at least cardi has an album with better reviews than all the whole discography of Fadcki

I love her drip! Drip!!
#nm4 is coming
She's a fraud
Is this just for rap? How can it beat the visual album Beyoncé or Lemonade?
Who's her?
How?
Need you to here it for real. I killed, i couldnt post pray for me, but that shit fire a lik faster papopops@gmail ill get it to you.
Eeeeooooooowww

that's sad
It is but I hate Nicki Minaj & Taylor swift fans . So it’s worth the retweet
@iamcardib Stay who U are! Be true to yourself and keep living YOUR best life! When "they" go LOW, U go high...IGNORE the haters! #URBlessed for real, for real!
Congratulations love u boo #BARDIGANG @iamcardib. U continue shining mama keep on shyttn receiving all the love....

Yessssss!!!!  The album is crazy!!!  It’s been on repeat for a week in my truck and while workout out at the gym. Album of the year.
More love to u
Iconic 
before nicki releases hers ofc, sis wont hold it for long
Trash Album.
What has been ordained... Can't be messed with!! @iamcardib .. love you..
Yessss
SHE DID THAT! haters are so pressed,.

Nicki Whonaj?

When does the actual physical cd come out? #ImOld
#dillydilly
Yasssssssss
Damn, Cardi did that.
Nicki gon beat that
You the Illest! Best Female Rapper Hands Down! I've been a fan and praying for You ever since LHH. So proud of you Gorgeous!  Congratulations to you and Offset on your little angel. God bless you always 
They say by now that she'll be finished hard to tell, her little fifteen minutes lasting long as hell #InvasionOfPrivacy
congratulations!
Congratulations on all your success @iamcardib
"Ghost streaming" inbound. 500,000 spotify accounts set up to stream on repeat. Gg
ag4 is coming
up and coming rap royalty 
Queen of making multiple fandoms pressed
HOW ABOUT WE GET 2 WOMEN POWER PLAYERS!!! I don't care about beefs... we need them both!! Ugh
Bro all the stan accounts on this thread are kinda hilarious. U spend your time bashing your idol’s enemy on twitter, they dont even know yall exist. Yall dont even come this hard for ya own self... pls do something productive
@TanishaDeshaan
Saw this
What does Stan mean?
What a queen
Of course 
She show her baby on SNL
Why is it always a competition.. There’s room for everyone to win BUT on some other —Nikki is wack though-  don’t  @ me the only reason she was on  is because there was NO COMPETITION, and women had no one to rep for them Cardi is a lyricist- Nikki is a Rhymer
Shes winning
I totally respect your tenacity @iamcardib, the expansion of your kingdom is so inspiring and your story gets me out of bed chasing my dreams. More then that, I feel your spirit. Please come to South Africa some day  we love you
QUEEN OF TRAP/LATIN TRAP.
Payola
Ugh her mind
Queen
I came in the thread sure that Nicki would be mentioned, for whatever reason. I wish Cardi could have her own career lol
Me too. There's room for both. I hate the negativity and pettiness and the outrageous stan wars. Nicki stans are doing the absolute most.
Everytime a female raps "But Nicki..." Like damn they not in the studio rapping with Nicki in mind, sheesh. Like whats Ideal for them? No other woman rapper ever?
You and I replaying Bickenhead and Thru Your Phone @PerlaAura
You go, biiiiiiiiiiitch!!!! My new fave!
Sis is getting it!! I haven’t & won’t stream but I love my Cardi! You go girl!

Yasssss bitch @iamcardib
Beyoncé is coming.

Yessss C a r d i B

Its been on repeat this whole time. My man likes it.
Why can’t we just say, “Wow, congrats @iamcardib good for you!” Instead of constantly bringing up OTHER artist. People have to make everything into a competition, ridiculous 
Woot wtg
@melllcrespo it’s a new generation 
Dat Way 
Congrats!!! Well deserved.
Stream #invasionofprivacy

UNBOTHERED.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Chun Li and Barbie Tingz out NOW
Don’t bother it ain’t good
Doubt you even heard it. It's good
I did when it came out yesterday but completely disappointed.
YASSSSSSSS SLAY!!!!!!!
Yaasss Queen
Kongrats!
Nicki: Minaj
Ye, uhm, #AG4IsComing
I love a record breaking humble queen. Cardi deserves all the success  #InvasionOfPrivacy

It’s been 11 years since this masterpiece was released and left us shook. 
the new queen of rap
@iamcardib !!!!!
Legend in the making
Wig
The trap Selena Q did that.
yes
Queen of trap/ Latin trap !!!
Ariana and Nicki is Coming
I love both but bardigang so trash
Good on her but Queen Nicki coming to destroy her record and every other record there is.
Yaiks payola
NICKI RIGHT NOW 
almanac baltazar is doing JUST FINE.
WHEN WILL PLASTIC GARBAJ
Cardi Did It First!
Until NM4 and AG4
cardi ended everyone New Queen
Wack
Reputation Outsold,next
Cardi is slaying
@SOTERDIPALMA ma chi


Doesn’t mean it’s good
So happy and proud of her. It's what she deserves
Nicki killed her
She can try
she continues to break records :)))
WHY CANT WE JUST SUPPORT NICKI AMD CARDI LIKE
Album full of bops
NM4 is coming to ended her
Y’all better beat it again for AG4
Nicki and cardi are queens stop hating 
nicki will break that record with NM4
Or Ari will 
both queens who we stan
tea !
Definitely
Yesss we stan both queens
stream #BarbieTingz & #ChunLi we don’t care about farty b
I’m so inventive right? also, celine legend outsold all our favs
lmaooo you are jdhshshsh and yassss wbkk
Love cardi and spotify ia still brand new as well. Congrats to her.
“Spotify is brand new” hell where the fck you live?
Ummmm didnt spotify just come out in like 2014???,,
No, it came out in 2006. I guess you’re talking about Tidal
nicki is coming to outbreak
Doubt it
she is but ok
Nicki is better
Cute but Nicki still the queen of rap and still relevant
Not in my book
Queeeeen
"cardi b is over"
Ring is the best  grats Cardi B !
Nicki will take that title when she releases her fire album
NM4 is coming so enjoy it whilst it lasts
its what the album deserves
Buy and stream Tinashe's new album Joyride.
The album is so good!
stream whatever it takes instead
Pressed haters coming in 3...2....1...
ended stan twitter
Nm4 is coming
Streaming is cancelled
Stream Barbie Tingz and Chun-Li

Princess of rap
Sry but that’s Iggy
Iggy can't rap live tho
Just because of what happened in  2013?
Stream chun-li and barbie tingz to celebrate
NM4 will outstream
Ffs shut up. Like...nobody that is mature cares about that made up beef
It's what she deserves
She keeps winning while others stay bitter 
and cry their mad feelings out 
apple music sweetie
