I feel like you’re gonna get her a house. You’re such a loving person! Whatever you get her she will be happy with it 
I think thats what is to I know she kept saying she wants to get her mom a house 
Ahhhh I Love her.
Brazil needs your help! Use the #iCarlyToBrazil hashtag, we need an iCarly concert in Brazil
Brazil needs your help! Use the #RainiRodriguezToBrazil hashtag, we need a Raini Rodriguez concert in Brazil
So I went on a Cruise This past Weekend to Mexico and Filmed a Music video to @iamcardib Best life for my haterz! I love this song so so much! 
Love the video!!!!! Slay
Aww Thank u Glad u enjoyed it!
you show those haters "Don't f*** with me"
A car or house
She can afford both what does it matter
If it's a car she should of bought her mother one first that's all were saying  PERIODDD.
Even though mother's day hasn't even happened yet. and it's clearly a gift for mothers. day. .. yall obviously never buy your man gifts because again, wtf does that have to do with mothers day
Bruh... Like we were saying IF it's a car she should've bought her mom one FIRST instead offset or w.e tf his name is  y'all annoying asf
I definitely wasn’t talking to you so you can stop mentioning me in your tweets, thanks
Cardi use your money to bring iCarly to Brazil!!!!!! #iCarlyToBrazil
It’s yo baby ain’t it bih lmao
Are we getting an I Like It music video?
I wonder what @OffsetYRN getting you. it better be good nigga. And thoughtful from the heart.
I know is to give her a baby girl and name her cardi b Jnr
You celebrate American or Dominican mother's day? Or both?
Don’t let this distract y’all from the fact that Nicki Minaj is hating on Cardi cause she not on top nomo
Love my new t
Drippin in finesse !!!!!

Wanted to share a pic of My beautiful daughtet
A granddaughter 

#ChunLi and #BarbieTingz video coming This Friday!!! Also, Cardi is TRASH! Terrific!
Nicko needs to step tf down like Queen and them did to make sure the new generation has a future in this damn shit 
#ChunLi and #BarbieTingz videos come out THIS FRIDAY

I call my mom (RIP) momma bear, too! Happy Mother's Day to yours!
Should put her name on it
#weloveyoucardi
Your name was honoured in #gringo by @shattawalegh please check it out and appreciate his efforts
Blessed to be able to do that and I bet it’s the best feeling ever! 
I cant wait to take care of my parents soon

Someone need to get you one to!!!!
Can’t wait too see

Great feeling when you can spoil the people you love !
Link in BIO @BhadBhabie 
My Mother’s Day gift to my momma bear is going to be so special this year Hopefully i can get it on time thoo . TYPE BEAT

My Mother’s Day gift to my momma bear is going to be so special this year Hopefully i can get it on time thoo . TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
Girlllll one of the best feelings in the world is giving something to your moms that’s you never thought you be able to give her in life @iamcardib best feeling ever keep doing it mama daleeeeeeeee your future makeup artist
@iamcardib do you celebrate one or two mothers days?
This is gonna be your first Mother’s Day!!
I'm sure whatever you get her will be special. I'm sure she gon love it
you're gonna get her a house? 
Congratulations on becoming the most beautiful thing that our Heavenly Father has ever created... #MotherHOOD  WE Love you Cardi!!!!
What's happening Cardi? So far you have not released the video d I Like it ... will do the same as you did with bartier cardi? No, that's not cardi
God bless
She will LIKE IT LIKE THAT!!!!  Stay up miss cardi...keep doin ur thang!!!!!
LETZGETIT @cardib
Your absolutely amazing 
You go girl! I hope you and your family has an amazing Mother's Day
https://poetfinest.blogspot.com.ng/2018/04/the-true-meaning-of-life.html?m=1 …

Hello guys, check out this poem blog
My fave is that video of you and Hennessy giving your mom roses made out of $100 bills
Is a house probably,
The typical ,

Now that u rich ... “”
Too early tho.  Save the alert.
I love your new album @iamcardib it’s on fire 
I can’t wait to buy my moms a house 
I know it feels incredible to spoil her 
I wish I could buy my mom gifts I really be by myself and Father’s Day as well 363 days apart.
NICE! YOUR AN AWESOME DAUGHTER! mommas never expect anything from our kids but we greatly appreciate them for always taking care of us! I'm pretty sure she'll love it w.e it is....KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK CARDI QUE YO VOY A TI 
when is mother's day again ?

Islands always take so long to go through escrow 
It will be great no doubt! I'm sure your mama is already super proud of u
Humans life 
Yo baby?
I would love to do a big gift to my mother, but I don’t have enough money.. :(
The house
This time next year everyone will be calling you momma bear!
That house
I wish I still had my mama they only thing she will be receiving is flowers to be put on her grave
Remember when you got her red bottoms and she thought that was expensive, she gonna drip this year
I'm also planning something special for my mommy.. can't live without her..
 
Bloody shoes?
As a mother, it is the best feeling when your kids show their appreciation and love. GOOD SHIT Cardi
That would be so sweet
It’s the baby right?
Makin her a gramma

https://youtu.be/S7J_LYDkZq4  
will you help me buy my first home! please please please!!
Everyone thinking oh Cardi got money so she needs to buy her mom something expensive. How do you not know just the simplest gift would make her mother happy? Just her success I'm sure is pure joy to her momma.
Cardi you're so sweet, you give me cavities.  meyawwwww!
Get Ellen to help you out
I would make her an album dedicated too her that will last forever
Please tour with iCarly!!!
Check your dms on IG
Your baby?

can u tell people about my youtube (alicia sowiked)???
Her house?
That’s beautiful  I’m sure that whenever it comes, it will be right on time  
Just realized that your a mommy already, carrying your baby before birth makes you a mother. Happy Mother's Day
You're Such A Good Woman!! That's Sweet

Is it the baby???? Cause that’s when im due too!!!!
What should we do for you mama?
EOOOOOOWWWWW  @iamcardib yass DOLL.
Ok 

U know if not, heads gon roll!
Me tooo
I will laugh so much if you mean your baby ? What a way to save money girl  love you x
a house??
The house? 
You’re bringing your baby as your present!!
I love you so much cardi b be ma sugar mommaI’m serious tho
Well we know your due date now!!!
Omg cute
<3
I know what it is
aw omg it’s gonna be ur first Mother’s Day  for you ? How you feel ?????? 
You’re amazing
a lam
Me I hope you get her a house to make her proud
JINGLE JINGLE YOUR MOM IS GOING TO LOVE HER NEW HOUSE. IT IS SO OBVIOUS HOW MUCH YOU LOVE MOM WHEN YOU SPEAK ABOUT HER YOU ARE LIKE A KID ALL OVER AGAIN.
It's the baby 
congrats
Cardi, Ima need a new grill in a minute. My BF gone soon knock my shit loose if I play your album one more time.
<3
What u think of this https://youtu.be/Yo5x5i7WYx4  I will b releasing a new song every sunday
I love how humble and honest you are it’s a breath of fresh air  long overdue
On time to mother's  day here or Dominican mother's day ?
Heyyy Beautiful love you girl hope everything is going well behind camera You a great woman deserve it all Hope offset behaving n treating u as he should Dont know what he got till he lose it my thoughts hope too meet u oneday
U so sweet Cardi

<iframe style="width:120px;height:240px;" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" src="//ws-na.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/q?ServiceVersion=20070822&OneJS=1&Operation=GetAdHtml&MarketPlace=US&source=ac&ref=tf_til&ad_type=product_link&tracking_id=19910d0-2
You so thoughtful I hope you get it for her
You don’t have to get a Mother’s Day gift. The Mother’s Day she got was you 


You bought the building she lives in and kicked all the other tenants out
Don't forget to take them away to the islands like you said in your video.

https://soundcloud.com/toyhollow/old-ways …
Me too!! I want to get mama the most expensive gift but I ain’t sure what it be thoo.. Trip to the Caribbean?? What do y’all think.

What is it I need ideas. Dm me. Don’t wanna spoil it for her.
You bouto go broke off this lawsuit and the money you owe your ghostwriters and you worrying about a gift for youe mother who you cant afford to move out the hood because you in a 360? Wow..choices
You better get her that damn house
