These numbers you guys have provided these last few days makes me question if Cole put a halt to Drake's 'God's Plan' and 'Nice for what' dominance. I could just be reaching tho. Love what both guys have given us, I just figured this was Drake's year.
Just wait until Drake drops. Just wait... haha.
Oh believe me I'm waiting patiently. The Cole release was unexpected, but this man Drake has came out swinging in 2018 with Ali hits aimed at the faces of his fans. Not a single miss yet. Lol
You're right. We actually wrote about this. Here's how he's done it:
(Shameless Plug) Love it. I'm an avid reader of you guys and definitely caught this one. Glad you guys brought it back up. It was just a way of analyzing other artist's formulas and seeing how they stack up to Drake's.
This is drake year? You sure about that? Every year is drake year my guy
Bro you can’t tell me last year wasn’t Kendrick’s year
Drake gonna rape this in June
How can Drake be #2
@A7medSDawood
احنا نشوف الحاجات دي بكرا ف المكتب
تمام
Cardi you will be numer 1
, 

. 

. 

,. 

,
Drake is so consistent. King. 
@JorWellbrock Dua Lip is in the top 10!!! Our girl!!
love her so much
.
Thats love   Good music needs this response. Dont forget about about @BIGKRIT album 4eva is a mighty long time too! Brother independent n needs them streaming #s
Y’all be hoeing @NICKIMINAJ
. 

,
Bad bunny killing it ....like expected!!!!!!!!!
More people need to listen to @sabaPIVOT's new LP, #CAREFORME. That shit is powerful.
Why is Avicii #3 ? Should be #1 with a crown on top in heaven
are streams a measure of value of the quality of the artist?
@PostMalone today is no. 1 with 1 zillion
. N 

.. No 

L M. 
, l 
. On 
. 

. 
M 

. 



.
People hate on J Cole cuz they probably the embodiment of everything he raps against
I needs to know were @SabrinaAnnLynn is shes the most played on my spotify
Numbers really don’t matter. As long as the artist and the audience are happy, then it’s all good
It's crazy how this man can be so relevant after every two years of silence all with a few twitter promotions!!  Read his interview on http://vulture.com  earlier today mehn!!! That's what it means to be self conscious and enlightened!!!
Number (5)five!!!!!!
.  L
Map
Yeah J!
Y’all wait until @Drake drops his.
Where is QUEEN NICKI MINAJ ?
The ppl of the world doing as I pray is trump pushing the read button ahahahaha either way.. #Putin etc .. Jehovah...
Ayyy Dua
Nicki??
CARDI B OF COURSE
lol wait until post's numbers
@JasonStier3
the fuck?? where’s ariana grande she is definitely up there
She sucks
LMAO J Cole stan getting brave
Lmao i dislike a singer and automatically become a stan
ariana outsold & out performed. 
J may have most of his songs in the top 10 but he’ll never get that #1 spot because ari is already there
@TeamDreamville 
https://open.spotify.com/album/2WMLNLXu3jeHa2PNzA6t4F?si=ONHBKUaXTayi2P8iRNDkqQ …
Bad Bunny go hard don’t what he sayin tho
https://youtu.be/Zt32fVe3iww  7:30 pm
Cole World 
Post will be #1 by the end of the day.
The only female in top 5 
Khalid in the top 10. Bright future ahead for this young gentlemen
Khalidddd ayyyyy 
J.cole the Legend
Site your sources
The real always 
Really just people tryna give his album a second listen cause the first wasn’t it
I gave it 6 listens going for 7
J.Cole is killing them
J Cole is killing it. 
I myself have been listening  to J.Cole all day on repeat since that album been out
Mad Love for @JColeNC  #KOD
YEAHHH MY SON OZUNA AND BAD BUNNY!! THEY UP THERE . U TOO CARDI
No, Kendrick?
He hasn’t dropped anything in awhile
Where the fuck is @lilpump at on there
KOD
That's what's up
Amaze balls.
Woah
#ColeWorld
