This is pathetic... all the way to the blue on the tongue of this poor baby
You can go fuck yourself with a sick dick
Why is everybody so pressed about his tongue!? He is a CHILD! Fruit juices, candy, suckers, etc can turn a mouth different colors. Wtf is wrong with people.
u're right. I guess it's just because it seems unhealthy for a kid that young to be consuming things that would have that neon, unnatural, blue color to them. Also not a fan of the msg in Cardb trash music, throw that into the mix with the mother chanting 'drip' in a ref to coke
“Diamonds on my wrist, they drippin’,” is referring to coke? C’mon now, I know common sense ain’t common, but you can’t be serious right now . And as the child’s mother, she can do whatever she pleases as long as she’s not abusing him and he doesn’t look abused to me. 
THANK YOU!!
He was drinking Gatorade we just came back from dunkin doughnuts 
My kids just found out sunny d has a green apple drink so their mouths have been green all day .
Blue tongue on a lil boy?
Gatorade he had a fever this morning lol
Phew! For a second there i thought you gave him rohypnol, am sorry i jump into conclusions, don't blame me blame nigeria
I dont even know what that is..I only give him Tylenol..hes only a year old
They cray cray sis....
That's the actual name of rufies AKA date rape drug. Smh.

STOP PLAYING WITH HER BABY!
Oh shit..tf I look like giving my son some drugs..yo thsts disrespectful af dont ever try much parenting like that..and thank you for letting me know I had no idea tf he was talking about
You look like the type of mom who lets her little child listen to strippers music. But nah, giving your son drugs is WAY out of proportion, right?
Leave her alone, you sad fuck!

He's the reason I listen to cardi when he was smaller she was the only rapper he would dance 
That’s so cute 
He's the sweetest
Thank you
Who me or cardi??
Thank you! Hes good just getting a few more teeth
And @iamcardib   so not something u retweet... Shit not cool  #godhelpthisworld
Actually we listen to all types of music in my house from gospel to cardi so miss me with your judgement, my son is a year old he knows his full name his birthday his colors his shapes and he counts to 10 so what I do with my son doesn't concern you move along
Wow.. u lettun a baby bop to Cardi.. i love Cardi MUSIC but def. Not for kids.  #SADWORLD
Who are you
Cardi b is the shit
She really is!
Sooo cute... and omg.. how does it feel to get Retweeted by ms. Cardi B herself?
Yo @iamcardib made my day again! She is the illest and thank you!!
No problem
Why is Jay Z with this child
Que lindo
 Aww this was too cute 

TheGifted0xLEADERSHIPVlog001 out now!!!!!! Happy 4/20!!!!  https://youtu.be/6uwPXTeehYw  | #TheGifted0 #LEADERSHIP #PlayaShit #Panache #DigitalMarketing 
Awl
Omg lolol. He’s adorable. Funny... <3
Girl this song inspired a piece of art #dripdrip all day honey

Adorbs tho
