My favorite song on the album
But when u say "no bitch spitting like me since 08" u came for Nicki. Now everyone will say Nicki is problematic but u threw subs at her and she caught it. Am still a Barbz Bardi so don't @ me trying to fight cause nobody loves her more than me
So barb is the only one who can throw subs at ppl? To Remy Ma, to Cardi, to lil Kim. Like?? I really don’t get this statement. Barbz has beeeeen throwing subs at mans. I mean, I still like her, but this comment is kinda hypocritical. #bardigang #barbz
I stand misquoted. I didnt say she doesnt have the right to throw subs, but that sub wasn't necessary because 08 was the year Remy went to jail and saying that implies aside Remy there's been no better rapper till she came.The Nicki Remy beef doesn't concern her. Let her avoid it
If you throwing subs at ppl for a long time, someone is bound to throw a shady line or two back.  just saying, I feel no ways when Cardi said this and if she implied it for NIcki. NO WAYS
Y'all love to see females fight. U saying Nicki throws shade at others, do others not shade her too??  They are constantly ganging up on her and I don't want Cardi b to join the bandwagon. Her  neutrality seduced me now she is being messy like the rest. That's line was shady
Sis. Pls stop. If Nicki hadn’t been throwing shade these past few years I would agree. Yet, she does. You can’t expect other not to shade her? Like 2 whole tracks gone to waste... just to diss and stomp down on other rappers. Smh
Those tracks are fire btw. U mustn't accept it. We are not even arguing about Nicki here this is not her mentions. I stand saying Cardi b should not join the bandwagon she should do her thing and be a Queen in her own light. There's space for the 2 of them.
I completely agree to this statement! But it’s not completely sure that she was coming after Nicki. But I see what you’re saying. But Cardi is doing her thing now being humble and unbothered 
You can’t even write ur own music  stay in yo lane sis 
You do realize the first name is Cardi’s realnane right...
Ok but who tf has that many writers in their song?
That’s not proof hun lmao
Safari can’t even write his own music  What makes u think he wrote for nicki ? He has credits for helping with management not the actual MUSIC. Bye sis
The conversation for you was canceled at Beyoncè.

Which is the BEST Rap Song? 

RT - #ChunLi - Nicki Minaj
LIKE - #BodakYellow - Cardi B 
Bodak Yellow 
Yall Reaching if yall think Chun-Li is better than Bodak Yellow 
Lever even heard of Chung lee wtf
Lmao Petty
Lmao I’ll have to sometime tomorrow maybe look it up on YouTube just to see wtf all these Nicki fans over here making noise about
Lol yeah go listen to it
Just went to it I heard enough smh 
Lukifer lowhaightluke I swear you inspired me @iamcardib
Who tf she talking about ?
Its a song on her album.
I know that but I don’t remember her saying butch at the end
Yes she says it at the end of the song.
Girl I heard it!!! She says it twice. This my soooonnnnggggg!!
I listen to this song ten timrs a day, she says bitch CLEARLY!
If y’all say so ig she did it just looked so little petty to me
U still pressed baby mama
You are on her page, under one of her tweets and you’re asking if SHE’s pressed?
https://youtu.be/3ATQvgkXT9E   she speaks  Spanish now wow first they hate now they wanna join your fan base
Sometimes love comes around... 
THATS RIGHT QUEEN SHOW UM WHAT NEW YORKS ALL ABOUT SLAYYYY
i love u so much
yessss BITCHHH 
Ughh love that TRACK!! 
Fuckum girl fuckum!! U winnin
Ok

I've watched your career from the beginning you are and always will be true to what's real love me some cardi
Speak on this & why u talkin shit bout drake & Gucci too https://twitter.com/fameolousent/status/984615697891274752?s=21 …
Oh my lord
I love cardib 
That’s right cardi Only the strong survive u go gurl 
You should start being direct sis. I guess you’re not as real as u claim
@autumnhughes7
I get up 11 times
okuurt!!!
You still winning
Is she?

That’s what us alpha chics do! All day...

Period sis
oh shit...
Soft
did you buy Nicki’s new songs yet?
I felt you saying this 
I felt it in my heart
This is my #themesong so much that I quoted it in an HR session to a coworker... This. Is. Life.

Nicki fans raiding the comments. She’s not even think about Nicki,but yet they are still her assuming. I’m positive she’s the last person on her mind.
I like Nicki as well,but attacking Cardi when she’s not Ben talking about her is ridiculous. Get a grip smh
I mean....if you got knocked down 9 times you can only get up 9....unless you was already down...

Me tryna figure out how you can get up 10 times if you only been knocked down 9
I can’t breathe lol
Why are Nickis fan obsessed with Cardi? Y’all all are literally following her and have your post notifications on for when she tweets, y’all are FANS
 they comment under every post !! They more faithful Cardi fans than us smh
EXACTLY! We don’t even be getting a chance to say anything first before their stalker asses pop up. It’s like they have a “copy and paste” comment ready for whenever she posts anything fucking wierdos
Girl I be like
this song needs Iggy
Hey cutie
#ChunLi #BarbieTingz 

 PURCHASE: Barbie Tingz - Single by Nicki Minaj http://itunes.apple.com/us/album/barbi … 

 PURCHASE: Chun-Li - Single by Nicki Minaj http://itunes.apple.com/us/album/chun- …
They already flopped
Why is you here ? Go stream drake.
Why are you here? I know yall fans its okay sis
Y’all kno she always tweets her lyrics n pple lovin get up 10 rn so stop wit the theories
queen of rap.
Damn you got @Ninja on your team ?
Child....

Bitch stay in yo lane
buy chun-li and barbie tingz on itunes
buy I Like It
Purchase all THREE! Let’s support female rap!
Yes we do!
Let's support Invasion of privacy & Nicki releases.
It's time for female rappers to take over the music industry!
y'all minds! 

Cardi please stop subbing. How you gonna say you cool with her and then throw subs a few days later?
Shes not subbing anybody
This is HER lyrics from HER album that she JUST released
Correction not her lyrics
Was this supposed to be funny. She be writing but go awff
LMAO funniest shit I read today. She be writing. Gtfoh
Which song sis ???
Gods got your back!

Queen of rap
lol.
Ok but I like it is gonna debut at #9 on billboard and I need you to drop the video some time within the next two weeks to secure our second #1 yes I said ours bitch
She Bad deserves more.
The worst song on the album? NOPE !
Oh my god you’re deaf? Bless your heart.
YG Killed any potential on that sonng, Cardi ATE but YG made it hard to listen. I love him but that chorus was TOO long
Idk I think it’s perfect it’s meant to be a twerk anthem Cardi did what she had to DO.
Doesn’t she mean nine? You’d have to get knocked down ten times to get back up ten times right?
Yes. And I’ve always been frustrated by the improper math.
Meaning she gets back up and then some... she returns +1 equaling 10 because she came back stronger. It’s not that serious but it’s also that sad you read into this but didn’t want to get the point...
It’s get up 10 because she came from nothing.
Yeah that’s stupid.
It's knock her down 9 times, get up ten because she remains standing...ur math is improper not hers
The first time you stand up doesn’t count since nobody knocked you down first. Think it through. There are entire web pages devoted to how incorrect this ancient proverb is. Learn your shit before you try and throw it back on someone.
Ayyyyyyye!!!
Yes bitch this is a true and amazing thing all girls do #girl love #true
Yuck


And you gon' have to learn to hold your tongue or hold the gun (brrrt, woo)
And we all know you ain't that type (no)
I smack you and the bitch that you act like (yeah). My favorite lyric in the song
Remember when they were doubting on you, now you ain’t going NO WHERE with that baby counting on you! #Cardib #Getupten
Is this addressed to Nicki? 
It's her album lyrics 
Hey Cardi, keep doing you

You Must Suck At Fortnite
#cardibisoverparty

Which one of those 15 ghostwriters wrote this verse?
STFU Cardi your days are numbered now sis.  #RIP
Just like yours too
Get out of my mentions lame
Get out of cardi's
Make me
You make me 
Still here?
Yeah why not

#ChunLi and #BarbieTingz on iTunes!
Depois não precisa querer dizer que são os fãs delas que fazem intriga viu
e onde que eu estou fazendo intrigas? lkkkkkkk sai loco
Até parece que aqui é Times Square pra usar de divulgação
assim como eu já divulguei Bodak Yellow em varias postagem da Nicki, to fazendo isso agora com a postagem da Cardi, você leva a sério pq quer. Mas o melhor disso é que eu gosto das duas, não sou esses @ que viram “fã” de um dia pro outro pra criar rixas
falou tudo, viraram fã da iggy quando ela estava no auge pra irem contra a nicki, não durou muito ela se foi, agora tá fazendo o mesmo com cardi tentando diminuir o tamanho da importância da nicki no rap......
Ur not Blood Line descendant of 12 Tribes of ISRAEL no matter if U got fucked in. Be thankful Nikki M's two singles appear 2 be trash right now: she tries to re-create 90's B.S. like UxBruno - I ain't heard Chun whatever yet but BTigg x Resse say it sucks 2. #BloodInBloodOut #Fad
WHO KNOCKED YOU? Chileee please!
A cala boca card
I'm happy you put this song on the album ! My fav 
fav
Yaaaaaas Kweeeeeen! 
Nicki is all around better than you 
Guess i'll knock you down again lol bitches these days don't get the message
Yall still under her stuff talking shit?
Love you 
You speaking facts for everybody in the hood 
Go back to stripping on that poll Hun
@NICKIMINAJ @iamcardib Divide and Conquer... There is room for two queens and two palaces.  Get this money, battle it out, but at the end of the day... Fuck them haters and get this paper!!! Shit an album with both of y'all 
Babe I love the punches  you threw in your new album @iamcardib
BITCH STAY IN YO LANE
I FUCK WITH CARDI SHE MY HOME GIRL TF 
Cardi took 9 bichos and threw up ten nuts
Okay but Keep it cute girl
Por pendeja me cai. Por chingona me levanto
@Darren_Cle @dimg_20 Eliodor’s next caption on ig
Rrrrr... but knock Nicki down once, she gets back up 7 times
Fighter spotted.
Impossible. To get knocked down 9 times you would only have to get up 9 times.
buy chun-li and barbie tingz on iTunes
Instead of all this back and forth. Can you just address what Nicki said? If shes right agree and apologize. If not then tell us the truth.
It’s crazy how people think they are in the industry up here, going ham and shit But continue what you do, I’ve followed you before this stage in your life and you have remained just the same. Continue what you do, you are awesome and congratulations on the marriage and baby!!!
PA LANTE pa tras ni pa coger impulso!!!! 
BARBIE TINGZ 

Yassss, go off bae 
Can we all support Cardi B. please stream her music and buy her album Invision of Privacy is out now!!!!! Her album is a hit and fire.
Even Cardi B knows CEE-C is a strong woman. She is gonna scale through the 10th Eviction. #BBNaija
okurrrr

HUSTLERS ANTHEM
10 times outta 10 
Facts bihhhh


My personal motto!
Wtf
That’s the way to do it!

Watch your mouth
U can throw ur shade on anyone but nicki bitch !!!
Knock you in the right place you won’t get up at all!
@iamcardib don’t even allow the negative energy in. Plug out on they ass. The haters are necessary, that’s when you know your shit is on point. “You need one to know the other.” Congratulations on the new life growing daily and on your albums. Best believe CardiB Nation is HUGE!!
KNOCK ME DOWN 9 times but i get up 10 BITCH!! TYPE BEAT
Professor Stephen Hawking has died at the age of 76, his family confirmed. TYPE BEAT 
Yasss girl
And steal tracks like moneybags . Lol
Cardi you deep af

Every time the beat drops on this song
Is that how you feel??? 
Follow me if you're a fan of @iamcardib
all ready 

Hey Twitter Fam,please watch me freestylin to @wizkidayo #SOCO vibe,please share your thoughts and help retweet too 
@wizkidayo @WizkidSource @TERRI_RYN …
always it's a given
Bless
My second favorite song on the album! Love how real you were!
Look myself in the mirror I say we gone WIN ! You won sis !
Cardi b don’t let no one still ur joy you work hard to get where u at like everybody else keep doing u boo
That's the spirit

There is no stay down in strong woman.... never knocking her all the way out.
@qeezar  Sounds like you in fortnite
Like you did to Nicki huh
hating much...
That’s my favorite joint on #InvasionOfPrivacy 


Blink if you need help cardi. Offset is 
So happy for you and all your success!!
Cardi B, Nicki M or Remy M 
Cardi B: I'm a rich bitch and I smell like it.
Me: I smell like I got work to do.
My Bitchhhhh
Gaga’s fav lyrics btw
Yaaaaassssssss QUEEN 
Respect Nicki, if you do not want to be massacred, okay!
I'll be back soon guys
Tell ‘em Boo Ain’t no crying in dis rap game Biiiiihhhhh #Invasionofprivacy

FACTS!!!!!!!!!!!
Yasssss

Love u b 
NOBODY KNOCKED YOU DOWN.
YOU WEREN'T STRAIGHT UP.

YOU & YOUR MIGOS TEAM TRIED TO THROW NICKI UNDER THE BUS.
SHOULD'VE KEPT IT 100. AS YOU CLAIM TO BE. DESPITE BEING EXPOSED FOR STEALING FLOWS & USING GHOSTWRITERS.
AND TELL YOUR FIANCE TO MIND HIS BUSINESS & STAY IN A MAN'S PLACE
Yaaaasssss Queen  !
Nick fans bullying Cardi but when Remy dragged her y’all was wiping her tears FOH! But Nicki knew who 2 fuck with and Remy was here for it!

You get knocked down 9 times, you only need to get back up 9 times
classic New York banger 
relax
#Cardiyear bitches
Nikki back we don’t need you anymore go back to the strip club. Her album bout to finish ur once upon a time career
How have you got 10 steps higher  say this after a month i will back you up ....Girl Sit down
Motivation 

@Donnieradio said it in his gospel song but not as hard.

I didnt think Nicki was bodied until her Barbz started begging other fandoms for help to stream her new singles.

BE NICE!! 
Copying tweets?
what if we knock you down 10 times?!?!?!?!?!?!?!

Mathematically this makes no fucking sense
YASSSSSSSSS
Cause your a PHENOMENAL WOMAN so you shall rise each time stronger and stronger
Hey boo
Please don’t reply to nicki please
