Worst pres ever 
He's cool but he did have concentration camps set up for Japanese Americans after the bombing of Pearl Harbor. Other than that social security is cool and fighting polio while being sexy is commendable.
A lot of fuck shit happened between the Japanese and US during that era they where at WAR !they was not playing fair with each other .Glas both countries is passed that now but nothing is fair during war
Japanese Americans were not rounded up and forced into contrentations camps “because of war”. They were forced into concentration camps because of this country’s white supremacist racism. German Americans weren’t subjected to the same treatment. FDR is partly to blame.
You would be the best president tho. Vote BARDI 2020
His new deal policies lenghtened the depression by about 7 years according to economists at UCLA. He also forced Japanese Americans into internment camps. FDR didn't want to accept Jews from Europe as immigrants
Holy shit bro she really answered 
This is the most famous I will ever be lol
We need a photoshop of Cardi’s face superimposed onto that pic of you arguing with protesters on campus lmao
They weren't protesters they were members of RU progressive and just wanted to start a debate

release the i like it video
Wonder how he gonna explain this
Obama out presidented
We living through the worst president ever...
Really? He lowered your taxes he put your people back to work, he got North Korea to stop the war with South Korea, and isis is no more. But go ahead and tell me he is racist

ayooo Cardi  @iamcardib 
FDR reinvigorated a nation. TF y’all smokin?
Adolf Hitler did too. I’m not taking away from FDR in any way shape or form, but you’ve gotta be careful with your words.
I don’t have to be careful of anything, outta my mentions with that. FDR was great, byeeee
I’m trying to help you for when an actual idiot comes along and tries discrediting your point but go off.
He instituted concentration camps for Japanese Americans, forcibly taking them from their homes, lives, and businesses and then we have the nerve to brand it today as some shit to protect them when it was actual racism and xenophobia
Bardi queen of politics, hillary your cancelled
Explain sir
You can say that again @iamcardib
@iamcardib my favorite song is moneybagg
His “New Deal” grew the scope of government drastically. These same new programs also needed more tax money from Americans. Plus the safety net programs he started were only suppose to be temporary. Now more than ever Americans are dependent on government programs.
you go to a school that is subsidized by government tax dollars
And that is why tuition is WAY TOO DAMN HIGH
Explains it all right there

FDR on big business, high finance, war profiteers, etc: "They are unanimous in their hate for me, and I welcome their hatred."
Social security, ending prohibition, welfare, his foundation finding the cure to polio, and he turned the tide for the allies in ww2. Dude acting like FDR is considered top 5 president lol

I LIKE IT VIDEO!
HOW TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
Japanese interment camps. Indecisiveness entering wwii that LITERALLY led to millions of deaths.
A shame @slicedGabe can only reply using gifs and using references from Google  He knows none of that shit
I didn't Google any of this... Please tell me which part you think I googled. This is twitter, not a scholarly paper, so theres nothing wrong with using gifs in a humorous manner

If you would follow me I would love you forever pleaseeeeeee 
Lol what happened to your likes?
Ppl just need something to say ignore them idiots boo

The New Deal prolonged the Depression not end it. The Depression ended due to the necessity of industrial overhaul as a result of WW2. So essentially, free market.... not regulation... ended the Depression
teddy was better
Eisenhower is under rated.
no yaassss 
He’s obviously uneducated 
Lols
That’s cause saying stuff like that  the only way they some people know how to respond
Did you hear Anna Wintour?
Awww lawd
So what’s the truth
https://www.spinrilla.com/mixtapes/tootie-bite-the-apple … SHOW LOVE TO UPCOMING FEMALE ARTIST FROM THE BRONX  ITS HARD OUT HERE TO GET SOME SUPPORT SMH  CLICK THE LINK AND AT LEAST LISTEN TO ONE SONG 
***JFK
Best president out there @iamcardib anyone willing to argue I’ll be happy to explain.
You know he finna say some white shit

FDR has always been my favorite president.
 https://soundcloud.com/boom2bomb/kung-lao …
We got Trump WFT

ur amazing cardi i love u so much!!!!

Listen to my new song "Purple Hearts" ft lilnappyboi  follow my IG : mightyjoeee if you like it                                                      https://soundcloud.com/oey242/purple-hearts-ft-lil-nappy-boi-prod-by-xtravulous …
yeaaaaaaa!
WUEEN
