What was this about?
That’s not even me so get off my dick
#ChunLi and #BarbieTingz videos drop this FRIDAY!
And it’s gonna flop like the singles.  Y’all need to stop going hard in Cardi’s mentions and worry about reviving Nicki’s career. That hiatus didn’t help her at all. She ain’t Beyoncé. She can’t just drop off and come back. 
Reviving her career? Do you see Chun li’s sales and streams?
I seen it dropping down the charts.  Go worry about Nicki and less about Cardi. Bardi Gang got her. Exit stage left, we don’t need you here.
Was I ever here? Am...am I even there?
The biggest pop star without a number 1 hit. 
more like vs Nicki
I was gonna say it. Everybody be in love with Cardi
Including you
I legit said that in a separate comment. I love her to death. I'm part of the BardiGang honey.
Leave Nicki outta this. She ain't do shit. She's literally off social meadi rn so why Nicki still being mentioned?
She not off social media tho
I'm pretty sure you got what I meant. She wasn't on Twitter or Insta today. Nicki don't even pay attention to cardi. And I say it in the nicest way possible.
i definitely need their fon numbers especially Nicki's
Stop beying victim, youre wrong too
Lo único que saben hacer los Barbz es odiar, largo de aquí. Ella a demostrado que no ha hecho nada malo.
Cállate porqué lloras????
We all know how is the one crying
My sis looking pretty even when she’s crying  thank u for the pic
omg..she's pretty
Legend beautiful queen
Omg what a babe even when she’s crying we stan
My nails 
Eeooooowwwww
I’m team Cardi 
Or Cardi B VS Offset alleged baby mother
Naw its not, we want to see you win, but you could’ve let kash drop her version of she bad
that was the labels decision, not cardi  the record labels control this stuff.
Girl i know. But i was just stating why people are coming for her. I could’ve reworded it but o well. Atlantic records is a messy ass record laberl anyways. They offered lady lushurr a $300k deal just to diss nicki
Label*
It wasn't even her song at first, and when she heard it Kash Doll wasn't on it, so how sway?
How what?
How was she suppose to let Kash on the song?
I didn’t say she needed to “let kash on the song” i said they shouldve let kash drop her verse. The song originally was yg’s and he wanted kash on it so she sent her verse to yg back in January. Fast forward, yg ended up giving the song to cardi... making the song hers
Aw it be the haters to be the first ones on her tweet , you lose
Right must have the notifications on.. Loser.
Because you most definitely follow her
We do love a good Sherlock Holmes tea

I swear I was JUST looking for this video!!
Sounds like a good album name
Or Cardi B VS Offset Hoe Tendencies Vs The Worlds Commentary on it

Stand alone and watch from the throne 
What throne? Girl.
At the stripping house sis
Dang but for y’all to be some Nicki fans y’all are under Cardi tweets I love @NICKIMINAJ she wonderful. But damn why be rude  hell they both winning
I Loved Cardi B, But i was hurt beyond measure when I found out what she and Atlantic Is Doing To Nicki Minaj, I will not stand and let some racially ambiguous girl and her white washed label blackball and try to take down a strong black confident woman. IM NOT STANDING FOR IT.
I feel you on that. 
Yes Sis

@iamcardib
Okuuuuuurrr @iamcardib
No Cardi! We're Clearing It Up Right Now!! you Good sis
Aye! Blanco bro! 
Whats good bro bro!u know the #beehive gotta look out for Cardi
Yes! Real niggas United!  Much love Blanco!

I like this!
You got the crown that’s why.
Honey never, nicki will always have the crown and throne

Nah not even!!! You have one hell of a fan base! Don’t you worry your pretty self at all, give is more music and be a great mommy  that’s all we ask  #TeamCardi
She doesnt have a fan base. She tried to create a fan base too late in her career. Basically she has the gp, and they are dropping her by the minute because of what she did to her manager, Nicki, Kash and others in the industry...Atlantics Antics.
Ok
Wait so 3 million followers is not fan base what the hell is that then??
Followers. Just like you said. Just because they follow her doesn’t mean they support her music too
If she didn’t have a fan base her music wouldn’t be even reach the top of these charts.
I didn’t say that she doesn’t have one. Having x amount of followers on social media doesn’t mean her fanbase is the same size.
Im responding to the whole Thread boo, not jus you! But either way followers or fans, they still taking time out their day to watch what she does!!!  Fan behavior #JustSaying
Cardi all the way! 
TeamCardi 
Team cardi
Team cardi
Team cardi
Team cardi
Team cardi
Team cardi
Team cardi
Team cardi
Team cardi
Team cardi
Team cardi
More like cardi vs cardi
More like you vs. Your face
you went from being stripper to label puppet whoosh you did that
being one toy of subjection to another 
you ain’t built for this sis
I mean I’m a die hard nicki fan but I still love you as a person girl you’re funny and sexy af I even love some of your bops I hope u stick around but u won’t unless u support other women in the game and show genuine love! On a high note I noticed u went from 2M-3M followers so
when are u gonna drop the i like it video
girl remember you got your supporters here too i know it’s shitty :(
 meanwhile keep securing those bags
girl you are here to stay & they can stay mad!!
Sad asf. Keep winning we love you and try not to let the hate get to you and remember ya fans love ya 
You 1st, they LAST
Kashdoll been had a problem with cardi b
Retweet and spread the video 

@celebslovecardi @trapselenacardi @CardiBGlobal @CardiUpdates @CardiUpdates #cardib
For the sake of you and your career, stop caring
She will eventually. She’s still new to all of this.
*Cardi B & #BardiGang vs The world
No D  pls don't tell me look up to this hoe 
 look up to, no. But her songs be jammingggg why you don’t like her??? Lol
Nah not true: mad people are with and love you @iamcardib and we show you when you make record..record sales!
RECORD, RECORD SALES, AHHHHH!
It’s been Nicki against the world for 10 good years. Next case...


#TeamWorld 
#BARDIGANG #BARDIGANG #BARDIGANG #BARDIGANG #BARDIGANG #BARDIGANG #BARDIGANG #BARDIGANG #BARDIGANG #BARDIGANG 
FUCK YOU.
Im team world
There's no one like you,Remember that
Get up 1000000 
U already winning no matter what.
im about to fight the world on behalf of Cardi B
@janelle__bailey JAN THROWBACK TO WHEN I HAD ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA WHO CARDI B WAS and you showed me her first semester senior year in Media with Bynum and we used to make fun of her tongue I’m weaaaakkkkkkkkkk look where she’s at now 
Weakkkkkk those were good times in media class! She big time now lol ... I warned you lol
cardi b vs. basic grammar
more like tell the truth instead of lying
More like
Best revenge is ur paper! Everyone will have an opinion, but none of their opinions matter!!! #FuckEm keep doing ur thang, u have genuine love & respect babes 
and you winning baby
It may not be all but a lot of us are still routing for you, like we always have.  #BardiGang 
You new album is  @iamcardib
Mmmm, I’m sure you left Nicki Minaj to fight against the world and be made to look bad...karma
Nicki couldn't even fight against Remy when she dragged her
Her songs charted sis that was a fight Remus could never win.
She lost half her fan base behind that shit & has been taking L's ever since ARE YOU DUMB? REMY BODIED THAT BITCH
Pray and talk to god. He will give you the answer you need.  Stay strong  #weloveyoucardi
Sis you have #BardiGang and that’s all that matters. 
More like Kanye vs the world rn lolol jk
BUT WE LOVE YOU...
U winning B! 
No it’s not! I gotcha back baby. The real know the deal
But these mfers won’t stop your bag. Believe that. #BardiGang
collab with gaga
Nah, more like Cardi Vs IG trolls. You LOVE playing victim.
It’s
We get it, you’re graduating college
U got a problem with education???
I was literally his roommate. It’s gonna fine
Let that sink in

You don’t need to show us ur house foo
"Us" oh yeah....am showing it to your 3 followers
That's what you think 
Your an inspiration and I honestly have been listening to your album on repeat everyday! From home to work it’s been getting me through some things and I truly love your music! Your amazing  and going to be a dope ass mom ! #bronxgirls #afrolatinas
The world loves u babe 
This is jus how u kno u doin some right
My suggestion is 2 continue 2 do u n live ur life 4 ur little 1...dnt let nobodies allow u 2 not enjoy all that GOD has given u.. Stay blessed #remymafia #BardiGang #BeeHive #Love4Cardi
Cardi pac!  
That’s what happens when you’re on top of the world. Everyone else jealous.
 da  jus keep shining like da  u dnt need validation from no 1 hunn  its plenty pple dat luv u..we jus dnt have as much free time as da trolls do 
Love youuuuuuuu
Girl it only seems that way you have a lot of us that love you just for being you so just focus on the lovers and forget the haters! They looking for responses so just say nothing at all make them look just as crazy as they are
IS LIKE CARDI B VS THE WORLD TYPE BEAT

Nah just you vs the bitter hoes you shitting on. The more they hate on you, the more you win.
That’s what happens when you shade Nicki Minaj
You ain’t got time to WRITE some raps but you definitely have time to “ clap back “ at peoples comments 
Do you know that @NICKIMINAJ is part of the world  .
#bardigang ilysm cardi b thx for inspiring me!  Just ignore the hate they are just jealous cuz the wanna be you and can’t!!!  KEEP SLAYING!!!
You look like Mariah on American Idol, playing the victim
you won't last another two years
Go on playing the victim
You’re an artist, that is creating art for the world but also a human that has feelings too!  I’m flawed as we all are! Take what resonates from what I say/message &move forward! Dont crucify a bitch for havin an opposing opinion. Disclaimer: As long as nobody is getting hurt!
It be like that girl. They chew U up all the time & tomorrow you’re praised again. It’s a very toxic,fickle relationship with the world when your privacy is taken away from you & you’re put on a pedestal you didn’t ask to be on.
More like nicki vs the world but ok
Cardi, if God is for you who dare be against you. God is more than the whole world against you. Be strong, brave and courageous. 
Anytime you respond to a hater they have an orgasm, so stop letting them CUM!! Okuuuurrr
Love yhu fuck tha haters
Nah ah. Its Bardi Gang vs THE WORLD
my money on cardi
that’s what happens when you on top and old bitches get bitter with no wedding rings, baby, or #1 
Y’all really got no life
#WeLoveYouCardi
Could be worse .. you could be Kanye

BlocBoy JB 
Feat. Lil Pump 

'Nun Of That' 
You on top .. so more like Cardi B vs.a selective few. Anyway did you see what Serena Williams tweeted about You?
Cardi vs noki
Love you
Depression is real don't be please!!
This is the feeling
Yhoo too deep
And I LOVE YA JUST THE WAY YOU ARE ! You and ya sister @HennessyCB are as real as it comes, most people that  y’all are everything to me  stay blessed sis !
Most** people hate that 
Flip flops remix @BhadBhabie 
You poppin' though 
No it’s Cardi b AND her fans against the world @iamcardib we got you  #BardiGang
I’m on team @iamcardib
I'm on. Yo team
You all needs to take a break simple.
That should have been the name of your album homie.
I got your back folks
Whether its @iamcardib or not who gives a fuck!!!! Its about making music for every generation.... there’s so  many strippers in the world that stick anything up their couche’ these days #GETOFFCARDISDICK 
It's always been you vs the world lol stop acting like you ain't know Cardi that's what made you the "spicy mommy hot tamale"  you are today!!
World ain’t got nothing on you!!!
Next time don't fuck with nicki
Except babygirl we the fans are on your side.
Is like you and @NICKIMINAJ Chun Li 
Ur gonna win
@iamcardib  @iamcardib @iamcardib @iamcardib @iamcardib  tag cardi to see this
That’s Bc you’re winning it be like that! Keep going
Its like Cardi B VS Rappers who write their lyrics
nah, you are YOUR OWN COMPETITION #cardiwins
It will always be that way @iamcardib u on top so the hate will be relentless...
When you’re doing great things the world will try to bring you down! Keep trustingand hustling 
Fuck em 
Us never them #BardiGang
Do you need an assistant?
That’s how it be sometimes 
Don’t let it get to you cardi! 
Chile’ Bye! 
More like Cardi B vs. @NICKIMINAJ vs. @kashdoll vs any other female rapper with any ACTUAL talent. 
How about we stop re-writing verses and getting people kicked off songs... then “hiding our hand” ??
In my @realdreamdoll voice... Okay?! 
#WereOverTheExplanations 
I’ll be praying for you also. If your reading this...PRAY!!! Btw you liking comments is only stirring the pot. I’m not saying your not titled to your freedom, but you could move less silently. I’m just a real as person. “Gone speak faxz till the def of me”
Your name was honoured in #gringo by @shattawalegh. The biggest song in Africa now
Nah the world isn’t against you. We are with you 
We LOVE YOU ON GOD!!!!!!!! And any FARB got a problem Pull up Pull up! Yes Cardi! Let’s have this baby and get back to checking and smacking bitches!!!  Love you Bardi!!!!
Just a bunch of bitter ass hoes afraid of failure so they try to put others down with them Twitter bitter fingersBardigang
DONT U LET THAT DISTRACT U..ITS EVERY ONE VS. THE WORLD..NO SLIP UPS MAMA..STAY FOCUSED ON THE 
i’m with you 
33 weeks pregnant!! I'm wit you cardi!!
Naaa chill
Nah babe we still got mad love out here for you 
It’s because, you are a WINNER!! Head up, Solider
I feel like this every single day, but things will get better. I promise, Cardi! I love you so much 
Nah I’m fighting with you sis... 
TEAM BARDI ALL THE MFN WAY SIS
We love you and are praying for you and your little one
Not true I got your back!!! Fuck  them. They ain't got shit! That's why the sitting on their cheap little phones probably eating noodles talking to you bc they got no life and they pressed
nah it’s your world and we jus living in it
It's oka girl...You still the shit, and they mad...keep doing ya thing ma.
Nah we love you ma!!
Cause you WINNING BIHHH
You was just Trynna make bangaz.. tell these lil bxtches they in danjaaaa! Eyyyy
Never that we love you
Looks like you're winning  that's why they mad
#WeLoveYouCardi
I support you sus stay strong head up my G 
You have supporters sis
Bardi gang gang  all the way we to real for this fake mofo
The people love Cardi 
Cardi-B, you are a Humble, Talented Rapper. You are focus on your personal life of carrying a precious gift from God, your healthy baby ,your family and your career. You certainly don't have time for people who act childish and ignorant. Keep ignoring them!
@sashumphreys
Poor girl.... playing to be the victim again? HAHAHAHAHAHA... you're pathetic
@iamcardib girl what's wrong with u? Girl u r from N.Y.! Bitches was talking when u were a regular smegelar girl and u were still doing u..Now that u r living ur best life keep that N.Y. fuc it attitude u had struggling...love u babe
Sounds like an indie video game title. Not sure what the game would be about, but I have a feel a lot of tables would get flipped!
Girl get over yourself  Nicki goes through 10x worse than you. This is not that deep.
Just keep making music and focus. Don’t worry bout the ppl. When you get annoyed just check ya acct balances and tell God thank you 
We got your back Cardi!

Cardi B will succeed.
Lil Uzi vert vs the world
#TeamCardi here 
I’m saying! You can’t have your moment for nothing!  ily 
And you win 
I’m on your side Bardia bih hate to see you doing better than them  keep your foot in they neck , keep em against ya 
@mollyhopkinss I can picture her saying this in my head 
I’ll always be with you
Yes it is
You can handle it Cardi, you wouldn't be who you a if God didn't think you can handle the real world!
Cardi vs the world type beat
A talented queen
No ma’am @iamcardib love u sis 
Nope we’re with u Cardi at all cost... 
When you do clownery... it comes back to bite you in the ass mommas
I still love you sus
Bardi ! We Fucking love you girl , but you shouldn’t respond or read any comments during that delicate period that really affects your baby , and we want you to have a safe delivery with a healthy baby 
Babe screw em...they are jealous hoes
Is cardi b and her fans VS the world. We got you boo 
