Truss me yo, I know the feeling. Oh well, their loss not yours. 

Is it only me who read that in cardi voice and accent??
Every time she tweets  and when she is serious she sounds like she wanna fight and cry at the same time
She’s sensitive I like that about her! Passion, expression and glitter all in one! 
Me too. It is so innocent
Me wishing you and your baby the best....
Ma'am!!!!

Jealously is sabotage, it’s painful, it’s lonely AF. And, integrity rocks, it’s sexy AF. Appreciate the experiences you had, release, move forward. Focus on your health as that influences baby Cardi’s health. Play some Motzart, eat healthy fats (baby brain food) & chill. 

Well I hope your child learns how to properly compose a sentence! 
Yo cardi you fw this ?  or 

Everyone can’t go where GOD is taking you. Your destination is filled with too much greatness 
He did u a favor. Trust me 2017 I went through physical and mental abuse. Then in 2018 I’ve been having the best year sooo far. God does things to help us and u prob don’t see it now like I didn’t but u will @iamcardib 
YASSSSSS POWERFUL SISTER ............BEING A MOMMY IS THE BEST JOB YOU CAN EVER HAVE IN YOUR LIFE .....OVER HIP HOP
"I'm glad that he took them out before my babe gets here " lol God sounds like a weird assassin

Keep believing  in yourself, there will come a day when others will have no choice but to believe with you.
Amen. Thanks for sharing this Cardi. I been going thru some shit too and wondering what I did for it to happen, but like you said God’s got bigger better plans than we can make.
You don't need toxic or fake people in your life. Congrats on the baby and enjoy your maternity leave. Also, congrats on 3M followers. Much Love to you Bardi!  @iamcardib
Awh you’re already doing a great job! That’s the mentality to have
When we pray, we have no idea what the answer will look like. Keep trusting Him. He knows the heart of man and our motives. Love your growth. #Blessings
Cardi-B, God will always show you who your jealous enemies are. The devil will put the wrong people around you to hinder you but God will always reveal to you who they are and move them out of your life . #YouAreFree
Anxiety : they hate you
Me : who hates me
Anxiety : they
God's timing is always right! he has a purpose for everything even when sh** hurts & it don't make sense in the moment always have #hope #faith
Sometimes we have to cut people out of our life to allow our souls to grow and prosper - it doesn’t mean we don’t love them, we just have different vibrations now that don’t mix. Say thanks for your part in my journey and move on to better times! 

Amen 
Bless up
You are an angel . I understand this . xoxo                    
You're right. Love u @iamcardib  It's my birthday and a new chapter in my life too #pettyprince  #happybirthday #pettyking #CardiB

Mama you better put a little red ribbon on the baby to keep away the bad enegry aka “ojo”
Yassss let her know stef

Love you 
The lord is your strength dear,every disappointment issa blessing
Wtf? This is sick.
What do you mean
@iamcardib you need to hop on this
 type song  #np on #SoundCloud
I wish God would help you stop lying so damn much.
He's an on time God. Trust him and do good.

Turn thoes L into Lessons. Now fix that Crown  didn't they know this is Bloody Shoes!!
For your protection and for the sake of the little one he is moving your enemies and bringing them to light the true test that we trust his plan is to keep those he removed out of our lives...he will replace them with those who celebrate you not envy you..bless

A mother like you makes it most likely for this baby not to get dissed in the playground even by teachers
I love youMay the Lord bless you and give you strength!!
Sometimes you try to do your best for others and they always want more. When you can't anymore you become the bad one. It hurts but getting rid of negativities is for better health. I got in such bad place because of negative people 
It’s God @DonDivaDC why I had the same testimony
Yesssss That’s The Testimony For 2018
Love you baby 
@kandacemae9
@lopiiiiiii


@antoniotsmth love her or hate her, this crazy chick is so wise sometimes 
I continue to tell people sometimes the blessing is not in what is given but rather in what is taken away or removed from your life
Stream #ChunLi on Apple Music
Lo que nos hace daño hay que sacarlo sin pensarlo ni mirar atrás me alegro mucho por ti  como dice @Ozuna_Pr de mi vida te bote bien por ti
God sheds toxic people out of your life before your biggest blessings. I damn near have no friends, and it doesn't make sense how it all happened so quick & bizarrely... But that's how I know I'm about to be blessed, and certain people did not make the Divine cut.  Blessings!
Awwwwww :(((((

Sending you lots of love gorgeous 
It’s a bittersweet lesson to learn & one I’ve had to learn a few times.  If He closes it, leave it shut cuz it really is for the best. Things make sense in God’s time. Congrats on your sweet baby on the way. You will never love ANYone more than that sweet little one. God Bless
C’mon@iamcardib

AMEN AS U GROW THE SCALES ARE REMOVED FROM UR EYES AND U GET TO SEE WHO U FRIENDS ARE. NEVER A GOOD EXPERIENCE AT THE TIME. BUT WHEN U LOOK BACK IS NEVER REGRETTABLE...GOD IS GOOD ..THE MORE SUCCESSFUL THE SMALLER UR CIRCLE U MIGHT FEEL LONELY BUT GOD WILL NEVER LEAVE U

Waaw..such a inspiration and shattawale story just came to my mind.
The reason God remove them is because he is taking you to another level and not taking them. It’s called blessings #KeepRising
Hope her name is Libra (if its a girl)
yeah sis, you need to get Baby Bardi kylie-d 
I feel this
These are part of life . but they gave lesson to be careful like that ppl
Yesterday my supposedly “best friend” told me she was pretending to be my friend for a while now & that she’s “outtie”...
Glad she’s out of my life now but she really did waste a lot of my time. Like I always say, the door is always open and you’re welcome to...
Stay if you want to be my friend. But once you leave that door is closed for good. I don’t have time to waste being friends w/ fakes anymore
... I’ve had so many ppl walk out on me from family and friends that I thought cared and loved me. But the good thing about it is that...
I don’t have to be around those ppl anymore and can focus my attention to the good ppl I have in my life. It may hurt to see them go...
But that pain is only temporary. Glad that bad energy is no longer with you @iamcardib  you’re gonna be a great mom! 
#ChunLi and #BarbieTingz videos coming this friday. NICKI IS THE GREATEST RAPPER OF ALL TIMES
@iamcardib Congrats On Ur Baby! I wish you the best of luck and I bet she will slay like you and she will be so pretty!!
Or boy I’m so sorry idk!! But they will still be pretty/Handsome!!
Girl, who hasn’t done you wrong? I’m starting to think you’re paranoid You just ended your last show saying, you’re gonna have beef forever w/ someone. Now you don’t want negative energy around...
Pray now more than ever that God surrounds you with people called to protect and support you in your purpose.
Truefacts @iamcardib ... GOD BLESS
God remove people out of ur life for a reason and a season and he place new people in ur life as well somw people have negative energy that can bring u down and thw positive can lift u up I'm a living witness
Every cant go with you on your journey! Sometimes you have to tell them to stay with the asses. s
King James Version
And Abraham said unto his young men, Abide ye here with the ass; and I and the lad will go yonder and worship, and come again to you.
It’s all about energy and keeping your circle small and particular 
when you pray to God to protect  you from your enemies. Don’t be surprised when you start losing “friends”.
For sure! Buh i'd really appreciate if we could know the baby papa.
Stay Strong
Facts
LOVE YOU BARDI!!!!! you the one!!!!
@Xlv_Mykayla 
Sity XX - Marie's interlude  Full song in bio
I really hope doesn't pertain to Mariah Lynn
Awwwee the bible says the ones that are closer  to you are the ones that stab you in the back the most!! Not those exact words but close to it. But he will bring love and have a few people in your circle that will you. I'm sure you know who those few ppl are yaa @IAMCARDlB


Felt this same way before my son was born.. and still do! I had to cut off a handful of people. #GetThatNegativeEnergyAway
Keep pushing Cardi B. Don't let nothing or nobody stop your success. #YouWinningBig
LOVE U CARDI UR THE BEST
CAN'T UNDERSTAND WHY WOMEN WANT A BABY FIRST AND NOT A HUSBAND
You be surprise how many close friends wish you wrong on the down load.. and that my dear it's a fact.. .. always pray 
Dude join the club it’s a blessing not a curse , b happy . Now their negative energy is out ur life keep moving forward don’t let any of theses weak b stop u 

god always does what’s best for you! live your life baby
Sometimes god takes people out of your life for a reason .
Yas Girl cut them out!!  
God has a way of cleaning house 
Making money moves & mommy moves at the same time...we see you @iamcardib ... 
Facts


God will remove and add people in your life. Stay truthful and let him guide you. Live for your baby and self and God will take care of you.
Ya whole life is bad energy sis

Man Cardi the last few years been the same for me too... it’s crazy  & unimaginably stay strong boo it all happens for a reason
God took them out your place for a reason!
Your name was honoured in #gringo a song by @shattawalegh from Ghana Africa
Whole fact!!!!!! Out with the old ... in with the new .. and better 
PREACH IT QUEEN!!

Amen! @iamcardib Be happy and take care of you and yours.Only GOD deserves that praise.Fake friends gonna flock in dozens chasing UR $$$ What's so funny is how by association all you are accomplishing the Fools are convinced they got you there or you changing but they JELLY
@iamcardib there’s a reason for everything. And sometimes it be like that, it hurts but you gotta do what’s best for you & yours.

You’re a protective momma bear!  This is the only way to be!  Protect your baby from negative vibes 
Premium Quantity Gas @Dm or Text  +1 719-426-5192. No BS. Get plugged in today legit plug.Prompt deliveries
lil mama will be loved from everyone. Here on earth or heaven. 


 #Invasionofprivacy @iamcardib X @sza I DO  
God is always on time sister! I wish you continuous blessings and happiness
When you become successful your success weed out the fake friends. Jealously is a powerful emotion. 
Don’t feel sad, you are BLESSED! Surround yourself with positive energy and people who truly love for you (before the fame)
Yes some people are just in your life for seasons... And congratulations on motherhood you will be great
True
I totally agree with this one! #CardiB I hope you like my reaction vid to #InvasionOfPrivacy
Baby jabs 
You date   offset /21 savage
*are
I'm wishing you and your baby the best.
Aye
It’s painful but you’re doing the right thing. I had to cut my ma loose 8 years ago and I’m glad my daughter doesn’t have to be around that kind of crazy.

God will definitely clear people out when they were not part of your destiny. Thank you God
Yessss 
Amen Cardi
Congratulations @iamcardib for such lovely babe
Aww this is so cute. Praise the Lord 
There’s a good reason they’re out 
Everything happens for a reason.
Sometimes it's for the best .. trust me I be knowing. Don't stress it just focus on all your blessings ,
Have a happy pregnancy journey Cardi! Wish you all the luck and best to everything 
That’s right Cardi. You gotta protect the innocent. 
Hi good morning I love you and I am so proud of you! You winning 

If you need a new friend I'm totally available. Love you Bardi.
Sometimes having them removed is the best thing for you. Especially with baby on the way no toxic people allowed with new baby!
Amen. 

This is so precious 

Won’t HE do it!
Please help with your RT
Please I need your Rt... To get @kwawkese on a track.... @Makrooneey ft @kwawkese.... Plsss 
God bless u cardi...I admire u.I've been there were u came from n I'm soo happy for u soo therefore I'm sending u lots of love n blessings n positivity for u n ur future n may god keep blessing u n ur family abundantly...congratulations.ur going to be a great mother.
You're going to be an amazing mother. Love you x
Love you
You’re soooo buuuute
God is Great
God is looking out for you always! Keep on moving forward with positive energy, love,and happiness for you, your family and your baby. 
Everything happens for a reason  Trust your journey always.
Burn some sage boo. Get that neg energy from your aura
Amen 
God has a plan for everyones life!! Just continue to do the right thing and it will fall in place!! Love conquers hate!! We love u @iamcardib !!
That's a good mother right there!!!! Give Mama Cardi a hand!
Sometimes that better then keeping them around

Yes dear! Look after yourself and your future baby is all that matters.
Keep praying
Everything happens for a reason momma!

Zz z
S

God bless you momma 
Won't he do it?
It's all I/O. It may seem far out and crazy but today is as simple as everyday that has ever or will ever be, good, bad, doesn't matter. The only real things are the things you make Those 1:1 connections that you hold as dearly as they hold you.
Cardi, always be strong for your Baby.
It always be like that!
Girlllllll, your friend deleted her whole social media!! That's tea honnneyyy. No more Celina!!!
Can I come to the baby shower ? hope all is well
Awww Cardi!! God loves you too much to let them stick around 
Word
Reasons and Seasons; Blessings and Lessons.  Categories people in your life fall
Definitely 
you'd make such an amazing mom. best wishes to you and your soon to be one cute family. love you queen ♡
U to cute
Amen girl!! 
God Works Miracles In Our Lives.And Maybe God Wanted You,@Offset And Your http://Baby.In  Your Own Little Circle Together. Because When GOD ALMIGHTY Moves In Your Life.God Is Never Wrong.And I Am So Proud Of You And Your Family. And I Pray For You All. All The Time.IJCN.

This is true af
Amen. God bless. #noweaponshallprosper
True
 only Light beings in your circle
U glad he took them away, but you've cried for them. WTF
That's so true cardi.... No bad vibes around Lil Cardi
Amen

Same thing with my fiancé with our baby girl.... lost a bunch but since baby girl arrived, nothing but happiness and joy.... keep your chin up B
Stay positive no stress mama think about your child it all about the baby , once you have your heart in your hand you thought you grinder before look out world cause you about to take other woman hip hop I been a fan since you started on the gram , glad you prove those MF wrong !

Everything happens for a reason! In the long run, you’ll see it was actually a blessing to get rid of those negative people.
yeah cardib let G work it
God has a way of blessing us w/o notice.
The Lord is ur strength...
Pay back your manager girl
I dead love you, I need to read this right now
Letting the toxic people go hurts at first but that’s when you know that you’re growing and bettering yourself. Keep your head up!
Is it a girl or a boy??
There is sooo many people that God took out my life in these past couple months .I have cried and ask God how can these people do me like this when i loved them soo much ?but Im Glad that he took them out before my babe gets here TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
@sydneyjane14
Im reading It in her voice 
