Had to 
But u can’t ADDRESS This Motorsport situation for the record  man I’m disappointed in you Cardi 
“For the record, I set record..record sales” #InvasionOfPrivacy
Yung Yae - No Hook by official yung yae
Nicki's net worth is 75 million+ and cardib is 1 million+, Nicki has more experience in the rap world than cardib. When Nicki supposed to be cardib's role model, she's now her hater. Nicki is fake! she is using bad publicity to sell her songs. I love cardib  because she's real.
Nicki wasn’t even close to what Cardi Has accomplished when she first came out.. facts!! And they hating!
But look where she is now so stop trying to use nicky mame in every sentence your mouth must not even say her name
Ok and? Cardi is just starting, so what the hell is your point? You can’t compare them to each other.. Nicki’s resume is longer but if you want to compare their come up.. CARDI has it!
Cardi. Got rich they upset
Congrats!!!
 
Queen of rap
Nicki sweetie
Ugh god. Y’all need to shut the hell up and let another woman be sucessful.
Great job. Thanks for sharing from http://www.LoyaltyRewardStamp.com 
You deserve it so much
I could. or i could say some shit.
Girl u need to apologize to nicki
For what?
Cuz Nicki Cried?
Fake tears research the original verse. She took a dig, everybody knows who Nick Lombardi is. Then this style bitter haven't Birth anyone style. So who was she references? Tears was sooooo damn fake
@AlBendickson91
All the way from South Africa, Keep shining CardiB. It is your set time and season. The heavens have agreed overflow honey

Like if u a Barbzz Bardie, and u not planning to pick sides with anybody 
I love you baby
That’s because Beyoncé’s album wasn’t released to apple sis lol
Rihanna sell more than bey wtf
Well then take that up with Cardi B cocky ass from so arrogantly tweeting this shit  i still love her but she is tripping
well..she wasn’t lying when she said “for the record, i set record..record sales” @iamcardib
You deserve it girl, keep shining...
Barbz are so pressed... Nicki released two songs and only thing peoole were talking about was about her and Cardi b. On top of that the nest day Cardi is trending for breaking a record. Must suck for them.
For the record your music is dog shite, anyone listening to this has to be death.
L!!!!!
FOR THE RECORD, I SAID RECORD, RECORD SALES!
I like niggas that be in and out of jail
They say by now they all be finished how to tell!! 
my little 15 minutes lasting long as hell!
Ehhhhhhhhh!!!!! 
Since it came out sis   #BardiGang #InvasionOfPrivacy
I been streaming non stop
Nicki gon smash this lmfaooo I don’t even like you anymore 
She don’t even have a #1 yet 
She don’t have a #1 what?!?!?!
Single
Who single not number one go on Apple Music.
Apple don’t got nothing on billboard 
Bodak Yellow went #1 months ago
& Nicki 10 Years In more for more songs to hit that chart in history and still don’t have 1 

Straight from Shady Detective y’all...I’m done 

shes probably still stealing some flows and verses for her next album ...give her 10 minutes 
We Got you all the way @iamcardib WE LIKE WE LIKE !!!!
Congratulations much 
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!
I love all the mad Nicki stans here y’all say “there’s no competition haha Cardi losing” but you got her name in your mouth and talking about her right ? LMFAOOO ya funny. Anyone that argues w me is plain stupid .
@yellaboi_dee Nicki is dead 
Yessss. In my Cardi voice thank you Jesus.  Thepispo
Album. I wake up ready for work slapping hard# Facts
nicki minaj will prolly break that record when her album drop
Stay Winning beautiful  congrats
No lie 99.99% of those streams are mine!! I already had every song memorized within two days
Congratulations! Keep doing you!
No thank you for the album!!
Salute!
Congratulations http://cardib.You  deserve it.
Let go cardi!!
damn .
Nicki didnt have to go on an interview to cry, she is considered the Queen of rap no doubt, she has nothing to prove..but she's feeling intermediated by cardib, instead of showing  her love....Cardib should not apologized cuz she said or did nothing  wrong. Cardib is humble.
I love both Nicki and Cardi
BARRRDDDIIIII
Im very happy for a underdog always keenup the good work boo and can’t wait to see little cardi! @iamcardib
I’ve kept your record on replay for a week for sure. Congrats!!!
Haven’t even listened yet and you best
I love you cardi. You will b a great mom.
Those 15 minutes lasting long as hell!! Love u 
All I know is the Illuminati is using these girls to keep blinding y’all and making all the men turn into feminine women, and I’m gay been gay 80s baby before the mind control was real
Of course! I downloaded the whole album on release date early in the morning listened to the whole album on the Marshall speaker at work at T-Mobile... opening the store lol got mad when I had a customer and had to pause it 
This really what they shedding tears about @iamcardib
This is all I've been listening to for a solid week, the whole album is perfection. Love you @iamcardib
yassssssss
Don't matter what's on the charts or who you Retweet playing your tune if you don't know how to treat and do right by people. Fame always reveal who people really are. Things can be taken from you just as they were given to you. You think you untouchable and cocky as fuck
Yup streamed the whole album during a nice warm bath!! @iamcardib 
Fake News!!
You go Girl.  Get your Diva on.  This album plays constantly imt house
Keep doing ya thing mama!!! There's always that one hater!!! And we all know how that goes!!!!
Everybody saying Cardi needs to apologize, send Niki to apologize to Kim and Remy first!!CTFU
Sad day for music , Really for only streaming and not buying music? The people are killing the music industry. You should be ashamed of yourselves.
I like both Cardi and nicki they go for the same thing:money..fame..and two bitches trying to stay out the hood'and get their money. We go back and fourth when all of us have diffent taste in music. They'll be songs you like and some you don't like.
Okkkkkuuuuuurrt
For the record !!!Thank you !!BardiGANG type song  #np on #SoundCloud
y’all in these comments fucked up we are supposed to be here supporting women and their achievements not comparing them to someone else’s 

Awesome ... she never forgets anyone

You keep on breaking all the records. Congratulations @iamcardib!!
Only  cos Giselle never releases to apple music Beyoncé is just too much
Apple music jus came out 2 years ago , Nicki will top this best believe it 


So why "the quuen the barbi" change it make it sound n be beef w/  a newbe sounds like you're  the type not to support upcoming female artist. That's the image you at least given us .why you mad? @NICKIMINAJ  u a queen get over it Nena 
Apologize for what uggh
Big Congrats To @iamcardib for The New album "Invasion of Privacy Such Great Work. Let Em' Know What the Bronx is about!

Go Cardi! I love that my two fav. female rappers are just winning winning winning. This serves for QUALITY music. I am so please.....I shall be spending, spending and spending.
You deserve it, queen! 
No sales? They just streamed?
ComeThrough Cardi
Her 15 minutes sho dnt look like 15 minutes to me and she don't need to apologize to no mf Nicki let them both do them damn
I can’t help but play the whole album! #thankyouCardi!
@AppleMusic
Winning winning winning!!!!!!!! Congratulations!
U have the crowd , congrats! Can't stop a moving train!
It’s crazy how the Beyhive transferred over to Nicki supporters. Y’all really need to stop online bullying and allow Cardi fans to enjoy her accomplishments in peace. The better Cardi does, it actually helps Nicki. This is a business, not High School.
Only onika because she is perfect hıhı 
FAN BASE STRONG BOY WACHU THOUGHT??!????
That’s right queen you deserve it
If all y’all really care for @NICKIMINAJ and @iamcardib, you guys would respect the fact they they both said stop comparing them. You guys are not fans, y’all just shit starters. 
Ima hate when someone come after @iamcardib and try to walk in a similar character...when you too real they lock you in a factory #facts
Nicki somewhere crying lmao she so trash
Congrats!! You’re amazing!!
Motorsport song issa Migos song, not Nicky Minaj song.
Congrats 
EEEEOOOWWW!!!
apologize to her please, we love u #bardi 
Thank you, cancer community
Thanks to me, I listened to this album over and over on a 12 hour plane ride
Congratulations happy for you and your grad I like your music and everything I think you dope specially when you on that New York shit and there’s really no comparing you and her honestly because she can rap her ass off real talk
Overrated
Correct overrated
I love your album and congrats too
You’re most welcome  #NickiWho?

Please, release "i like It" for next single
So You plan your pregnancygirl you be lying why you ain’t just say I want a baby by Offset
Cardi lil 15 mins lasting long asf 
Love u cardi b keep doing u let tha haters hate I download the whole album n I love it
Awesome
https://twitter.com/jaredogden212/status/985135051905024001?s=21 … go retweet my pined tweet
WHY did they bomb BEFORE the Inspectors had even started their investigation on the ground? #SyriaStrikes

For real
Ayyyyyyyyyy queeen 
That's about as fake as your butt implants
"I set record breaking sales... bish!" 

Hi
ZaU
Yes Cardi!!! Keep being you boo, that's why you're succeeding!  Eff the haters!
Gurl you killin tha game! #NoPulse
First female rap album I’ve purchased IN DECADES!!!! Swear to God!!! #InvasionOfPrivacy
@next Queen b
Why yall so mad ctfu  can a bitch be successful ???

Because of bodak yellow we know the real facts they always saying she broke a record but it don’t be real facts so over hyped for what 
U rock girl my best female rapper in the world u are my role model
As good as your album is doing, it will end up becoming Billboard album of the year
Tell em #CardiB
I pround of you my queen
YOU THE REAL QUEEN SIS !! 
https://krystal-clear.lnk.to/zSE3nQC 
No problem girl happy to be one of those downloads you are lit my friend

Keep being you... Nobody changes that but you... #InvasionOfPrivacy is lit  congrats on the bundle of joy.
You go girl #BardiGang
I LOVE YOU!!
S/O all the people with an IQ less than 100 for supporting this
Cardi B You have an Hip-hop Rap Music beef with Nicki Minaj?
Bitch you know I been playing your album EVERY SINGLE DAY. I love you so much!!!!! 
Nicki must of went the POS Trump route and hired a bunch of bots! That or "Nicki Fans" spending more time Stanning TF out of Cardi's page instead of supporting Nicki on her own MF'n page!

Thats AWESOME!!! You definitely deserve that success! I’m in love with the album. Keep slaying my love!
Welcome 



I'm a barb I love the wae u trap.... U  cul
Yeah you should give Nicki her props, that can be you in a couple of records 
Yup!!! Just as I had thought! I only subscribed to Apple Music just to listen to this album. No other artist made me do this before! #applemusic #bardigang #cardib #stopthedrama #justappreciatethemusic #spreadlove
numbers don't make you a good artist
Keep knockin walls and breaking records...we got your back! Congrats
Innovator
Congrats @iamcardib  well deserved 
For the record,  your record don't count because you have a team of MALE ghostwriters. But you call them Co writers right? Please don't sneak diss Nicki Minaj when you know she paved the way for YOU.
Bardi who
Yeaasss
Boy cardi doesn’t have to respond to nicki cardi b drop her album and one hour it got  500k copies sold plz explain why y’all nicki people always do this cardi is minding her business everytime a female artist gets to the top she has something to say like let cardi enjoy her fame
Nobody can never enjoy there fame becuz of nicki always got shit to say
Yeaasss queen
Ayyyyyyy fineseeeeee gurrrrllllll
Knock me down 9 times but i get up 10
EAAWWWWWWWWWWWWW
So they’re not willing to pay for it??? So called “fans”.
damn I never seen so many people that want these to Queens @Iamcardbi and @Nicki to beef there both great artists in there own way its not worth it like look what happened to Tupac and biggie for beef off of bull shit like us women should be sticking together not beefing
Love you
Chun-Li
I’ve had it on repeat since it got released
@iamcardib u rock girl.... 
Aww Cardi B you slay
EEEEEOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We love you boo
