Unbothered queen
Omg a barb with brains? What kind of miracle is this 
Nicki and Cardi are both queens of rap!!
Yasssss sis Loving the positivity
YES If only all barbs were like this, they'll collab. Nicki & Cardi winning. 
this is the thread i live for !
The positivity of this thread... I love it
Chun-Li - Single by Nicki Minaj
Please leave this is for cardi fans only
Sure but still bye and stream chun li
Buy*
That shit is ass
Invasion of privacy? Wbk sis
Cardi B is the best female in 2017 and 2018 straight facts/ Nikki Minaj is the worst female singer/rapper
Q-tips so you can clean your ears
You and Iggy, so please can you both hop on a track together !!!!! Please #BardiGang #Azaleans
Iggy tho ???
I figured they can both rap on ah beat like this
I just feel iggy time has came and went
If she does something magical I will support 
...
Deadass. Ignore anyone tryna bait you to use your name for attention. Also remember to drop your video for I Like It in a timely fashion thank you
You explained it perfectly. Now in videos with Quavo like nothing ever happened. The hurt feelings comment and tears were all a publicity stunt!!
She said he apologized, also she never said they had beef in the first place.
That's interesting from someone who snaps off all the time, even on Twitter when somebody come for her. 
She cant respond because she knew she lied.
She said Nicki changed her verse. And Nicki did change her verse. Can you point out the lie?
She lied cuz she said Nicki changed her verse implying that Nicki was intimidated but in reality she was intimidated and told atlantic to tell Nicki to change her verse..Nicki tweeted about this yesterday.
No. Nicki had to take Cardis name out her mouth because Nick Lombardi is a coach and she called Cardi a player, in her original verse. Basically saying she's a level above Cardi, being a coach. You don't diss someone you're on a song with.
There was nothing wrong with the verse . The text messages leaked she was intimidated by Nicki
and you're sure they were real huh lol
As real as cardi baby bump lol
Denzel said it best... Cardi B can’t wait to see your performance at #Coachella2018
Her performance is tomorrow right? Around what time?
Cardi B set to hit the stage at 6PM and Dej Loaf hitting theatre 4:30PM.  #Coachella2018
9pm EST
Yeah it absolutely depends on where you are in the world  , but Cardi B will be on #Coachella2018 today so check your watch and be ready...
Just like Nicki mentioned her the day her songs dropped 
Mentioning something is talking about something with going into to detail. Nicki was asked or whatever and she clarified her side of things so...
Without*
But hold up...how are you not gonna get involved when it was you and your home boys who called HER to do a collab and then when the interviews come out, y’all wanna talk like she was hard to work with bc of scheduling? Of course she’s busy, boo. She was working on her album too.
Nicki has every right to pressed over a collab that she was asked to be a part of. Nicki has been doing this a lot longer than Cardi. I never said Cardi wasn’t good or Nicki was better. Im just saying, RESPECT the people who paved your way. Apparently she didn’t get ONE thank you
LOL she shat all over lil kim. She's always been bitter. Im glad cardi isn't giving her attention. Cardi came up on her own.
Oh let’s NOT bring Kim into this. Kim ruined her own career. Don’t be mad. Nicki is not afraid to let people know where she stands. That’s the whole point of rap, right? 
She attacks those who she sees as a threat even when they say nothing bad about her and she still has the nerve to play the victim.
Nicki has been heard in MANY interviews giving credit to her idols, which include Kim. Kim got upset first and it all spriraled out of control from there. Nicki may consider herself the queen of rap & that’s her opinion. Kim and Remy just need to sit down or get on top again.
She liked kim before she got big then after that she kept throwing shots at her so kim released black friday. Now we have crybaby nicki wanting respect from the new female rappers...karma is real.
This guy needs to fact check again, there is videos of your Nicki saying disrespectful shit about Kim before she was even hot, one quote being “I think if anyone can fill Kim’s shoes it’s me, Nicki Minaj can fill those shoes” something (cont)
Y’all started the “HYPE” lol dj AKADIMICS Just did a whole video putting all the facts out. I’m not a barb that just hate you I never hate on a woman success but after watching that video you kind of being sneaky
How did we only hear one when Cardi was the first one to tell her side then the migos. Nicki is the last person to speak on the situation. Cardi started it in that interview nobody asked hey Cardi did nicki change her verse she just said it and didn’t even tell us why
The fact that Nicki wants to now talk when Cardi just dropped an album and she just dropped new music is no coincidence. #PublicityStunt
Nickis label wanted nicki to drop when Cardi dropped to out shine her but nicki said no because she respected Cardi and waited a week.
STOP! Let's not act like Nicki cares about anyone but her damn self. She is selfish and cold hearted! She should have spoke up sooner
So you know Nicki personally? Y’all just make up narratives about people
Nicki didn’t wait she went straight to twitter and people still called her a liar. This is her first interview since Motorsport y’all she had every right to defend herself
She is a lair and that's FACTS! She decided to go in hiding instead of speaking up, than return with fake ass tears #Yikes  #ClownAssBih
Nicki Minaj music is repetitive as hell!!!! 
Cardi B is THE REAL QUEEN OF RAP 
LMAO WHICH IS WHY BODAK YELLOW SOUNDS LIKE MONEYBAGS #ctfu oh ok sus 
Actually, the tune is from No Flockin 2, by Kodak black. He gave her his endorsement on the song.
She rapped the exact same way she did on bodak yellow. Sorry but I’ve actually played them side by side  not changing my opinion just as much as you aren’t abou #nickiminaj
Bring sza out tomorrow. Pls.

X DON'T WANT SMOKE  @xxxtentacion 
W
Your puppeteers didn’t tell you what your next line is yet?

Too many lies to keep up with? It’s okay we’ll wait until Atlantic makes you do something messy .. AGAIN. 
#ChunLi and #BarbieTingz Available On All Streaming And Purchasing Platforms 

mannnnnn! Facts 100%
Too rich to get into a fight 
Nicki tamed you GOOD GIRL
Seems the other way around, got bitches crying and shit 
We hype over ur album tho
Like a true unbothered queen

Denzel have spoken  keep riding the female empowerment wave. Don’t believe the hype.
You dont need to either , keep winning bae 
Have you seen this?
My grandma called me today to ask me if I knew who @iamcardib was and I was like LOL obviiiiiously she’s my idol!!! And she’s like Skigh I love her. She’s so real and honestlike yessss don’t get caught in the hype KEEP DOING YOU  me n my grandma lysm
Yeppei  my Idol 
Dat way
i can't wait for your performance at coachella you are going to kill it!!
Stop half addressing it and just do you. Don’t even make it look like it’s something.
She’s tweeting her lyrics to “Drip”
If you didn’t want to be involved you wouldn’t of made the tweet just saying
Its lyrics to drip. She’s been posting lyrics since her album dropped lol
I know I was being sarcastic
I hate that stan twitter has made yall forget that Nic has normal fans outside of “stans”. Its hard watching both sides go back&forth when ur a fan of both. I almost feel guilty for liking both artists. I just wanna see them get along but fans from both sides are preventing that
You been above it before it even started

I actually like this 

I rap & sing. What ur prices looking like ?
Dm me
What hype? La Chat SLAUGHTERING you or Nicki putting you in your place??!?!?!
What place, the top? 
Oh Cardi's at the top? Omg when did Nicki die? Because the last time I checked, Nicki is still very much at the top!!!
Good. It's never worth it.
Yasssss!!  Just slay everything.
OFFSET LYRIC! From “Drip” 
Don't worry, Cardi B. U will be okay.
Just keep on enjoying the fruits of your labor. #BardiGang
Let them argue with their selves
Do what you have to do and keep it moving.  I’m rooting for you
LMFDDHHIII
U are the hype
Realist fucking statement on this thread
Who cares  y’all still on #Motorsport IT WASNT @iamcardib SONG Cardi released her first album and is about to have a beautiful baby. That’s the only hype she’s concerned with The foundation of this beef y’all trying to create is so weak. Let Cardi be great
Minaj is intimidated. The video seems so full of shit... So petty... you don't need that from anyone no matter the status she has...

You search your name just to talk shit
BARDIGANG. Show the world how real fans act. Don't respond or acknowledge anything negative against Cardi. Let the haters dangle in the wind. Resist the back&forth with ignorance. That's what they hungry for STARVE THEM!. Be forever unbothered! #UnbotheredCampaign
And you shouldn’t. There’s room for everyone at the top. Keep slaying 
Love you baby!! I wouldn’t either, the only thing that matters right now is the health of your baby which includes the well being of yourself.
Word don’t need to drag none by them inches
QUEEN
Facts
To be honest, you played a part in CREATING the hype... And you know that.
There is no hype, a huge publicity stunt 
STREAM BARBIE TINGZ & CHUN-Li
Good! That’s why we call you Smarty B
Or Smardi B bam
Like Queens do
Yes don’t fall for the crying act with no tear drops 
That’s your best bet. You’ve got a cheating ass baby daddy and fetus to worry about.
Your attitude to this on here vs ATRL 
I'm glad you're taking the mature route! Keep shining, keep winning
Dont shawty cause its all fake, and yous a real one queen  #BARDIGANG 4EVAA 
Loving the positivity 
Just make a song and finish her
Yes sis ! you winning 

Let Em Know Baby Positive Vibes Only 
tea
I see you learned how to spell
How much Atlantic paying you to keep this Nicki hate going? 
Lolll she wants to comment on this Nicki situation soooo bad!
Lmaoo she really does
Her publicist or PR rep or whatever they called is smart lol
Cardi ain’t as crazy as she say either. In the text she told Offset she wanted to beat Nicki ass but she forgot we all seen her get her ass beat
You gotta update me sis lol I need receipts!
It’s all over YouTube and the her sister jumped in lmao 
aw lawd lol *hits YouTube*
STREAM CHUN LI ON EVERY PLATFORMM
When you always doing something “wrong” that means you’re doing everything right and people can’t stand it. #NoOneCanEverBeGreat
My crush
~Why would I hop in some beef, when I could just hop in a Porsche” ~ Cardi B
Baby you are the hype 
That’s why I’m such a big fan of yours you’ve always kept it real
Do not sista!
Support this Bop sis
 **ATTENTION** Service announcement:  Everyone go buy & stream #ChunLi & #BarbieTingz @nickiminaj  available on #Spotify #AppleMusic #iTunes, #Tidal #Vevo #YouTube. Get it at a store near you 
Don't even sneak reply
You're doing amazing sweetie 
When people say they are unbothered but they truly are. I liked ya album and tucked with you since day one . The truth behind motor sport has me giving you the side eye and the migos. FYI congratulations on your pregnancy  lol if that’s even true based on recent photos .
Fucked with * typo
Can we just get an apology and a thank u for MotorSport? Y not? I want ya to get along 
The thank you would be to Migos, not Nicki lol. I thought it was clear Nicki wasn't calling any shots. I mean clearly when they made her change her damn verse lol.
It’s a thank u for making a song with her. These changes happened after she allowed Cardi to be on the song. Any new female rapper would be honored to do a song with her. Is it wrong to ask for a thank u? And an apology for the interview being misunderstood?
Oh please. Nicki is not entitled to nothing. She doesn’t seem to realize that she’s not actually a Queen. And why would the Migos need her permission to put Cardi on THEIR song?
Nicki fans jump on every cardi post  nicki aint gotta be bothered. You guys are tho 
 you and @NICKIMINAJ stay beautiful. They want to divide what they can’t conquer. #blackqueensforever
PERIOD 
Right you have nothing to apologize for
How about they’re both good rappers  god damn
Whatsup Cardi, it be your boy Brian.
You Could Of Not Get Yourself Involved If You Would Of Kept It Real!!! Just Saying rrrrrrr
publicity stunt at its finest!  #VerySmart

i love nicki and cardi
Don't let no one diss you tho! Or lie on you!
Exactly keep calm until you see them in person and see if the HYPE is real
#ChunLionItunes #BarbieTingzonItunes

#BarbieTingz:
Apple Music – https://apple.co/2GXalab 
iTunes – https://apple.co/2quP2FZ 
Spotify – https://spoti.fi/2qrhBF4 

#ChunLi:
Apple Music – https://apple.co/2qx14yC 
iTunes – https://apple.co/2v7K7Ai 
Spotify – https://spoti.fi/2qonOkm 
y’all not real fans of either if y’all bringing all this stress to them both, let them focus on the music and not this petty beef y’all want to happen so bad
You got put on blast for lying and there are receipts!!!! Fraudi B. For someone who claims to be outspoken you really are playing puppet to @AtlanticRecords . NEXT. We bored.
Yesss!! Waiting on that @JLo & @djkhaled collab 
Don’t
You ain't getting involved because you know you started the shit and you gon look like the fool in the end 
You already know you’ll beat a bitch ass. Tell her to come to you as a grown ass 40 something year old woman.
Don’t. Stay true to yourself.
No need to when you’re already winning!!
Collab with lady gaga.  please
Please don't keep focus
Pa que cardi todo ese chisme, get ur money!
THANK YOU!!! I BEEN WAITING FOR THIS TWEET! 
baby u are the hype 
So she decides to bring up this beef during the first week of @iamcardib debut album? Something seems smells like "pussy salad" gone sour.
Yess sir
This is new 4 u
She know who to fuck with
Buy & Stream Chun li and Barbie Tingz
Why not? Why be a hater? Join the hype! Or.....
There you go !!!!!!!  Don’t fall into the traps. The industry is full of fuckery, trust me I know. Focus on your career only & keep building . 
Cardi is a big part of this mess, watch this lawsuit she gon get for definition of character.
Give thanks to Nicki.
That's what Denzel said. 
Barbie Tingz & Chun Li out now
nobody cares
Listen to Gizzle I Like It by GIZZLE Themonster #np on #SoundCloud
https://soundcloud.com/michael-whitehead-6/gizzle-i-like-that …

Either great minds think alike or you jack my song 
Don't
Dont, enjoy your pregnancy, shop for your baby, and walk a little more in the last few weeks to prepare for yourself a beautiful labor! We love you! 
https://soundcloud.com/k-london/kimi-baby … 
Nickis 2 corny ass songs keep dropping on the charts lol.
That's right keep all your beautiful energy not even worth it... Baby Cardi doesn't need any stress either...Keep shining mama 
Denzel Washington said don’t believe the hype. Wise words to live by!
DONT!!!!! Focus on you and the baby. Take it easy mama ...Okuuuuuurt 
And you shouldn’t... you don’t owe anyone anything. Keep working on yourself and your music!
More like- this shit is petty. Nikki’s being petty because cardi never fan-girled her. 
One has to keep it real 
Where is Dinero with JLo and khaled 
Yasss sis 
This is the growth I’m talking about!! 
That's right babygirl! Stay focused! 
#CardiClan
Smart queen!!
Uncle Denzel said it best @iamcardib
Keep doing and being fabulous you @iamcardib
Please don't! Your growth is showing and you about to be a mommy. You don't have time to entertain narcissist.
That’s what’s up. Focus on your life — your present and future. That other stuff is noise to try and throw you off your game. Do you, sis. 
#InvasionOfPrivacy is a dope album. Mega shout-out to you!
That's right sis. Enjoy your success. Either way, bitches gone flip everything around any way. #LongLiveCardi #LongLiveNicki
I feel you keep doing you! U shining!!

Ain’t No Humble  in the Jungle  
Please don't boo 
wbk, love u so much

Don’t Cardi 

DRIP DRIP
She was clearly feeling some type of way about the album drop. I listened to those songs they ain’t even dope. In the meantime I’ve been listening to the WHOLE ALBUM NONSTOP. Sent careful with me n thru your phone to my homegirl who just caught her newborn baby daddy cheating



 can’t stand you
For real tho. I haven't really liked a new artist IN A LONG TIME. I look for the whole package. I need to relate to feel to love. And I love everything about you! Your whole album is . You always keep it real. I can sense you are humble and a sweetie even tho YOU BAD 
MY GOD CONTINUE TO BLESS YOU
#VIBEHIGHER #CARDIB
When Nicky bullied Miley cryus at mtv awards now she crying saying cardi b don't like her  #dethrone #fakeass #won'tmeswithrealbitches #whatsgood 
Pls help share this link miss @iamcardib
After Cardi deliver her precious baby, let’s do an old school Rap battle and see who Bars are authentic and who needs help writing their music. My Money on Cardi...Remy Ma shredded Nikki and she needed help from her boys..

#InvasionOfPrivacy @iamcardib | @allicatttx @Drea_KnowsBest @kidrl @ItzDyvon 
Straitttttttt Ignoring #Haters 
@iamcardib they asked u on TV about u being a Blood but dem corny ass lames forgot to ask da real question... @iamcardib were u blessed in, jumped in or sexed in?
Libra’s ALWAYS keep their cool! Strategy matters, we don’t lead with emotion 
LOVE YOU BOO
You had no problems getting involved before Nicki called you and your 3 baby daddies out
Don't you to good let them weak bitches stir up trouble.

hi cardi
how are you
Some hate some people don't !
Yeah cause she wasn’t lying and exposed y’all so there really isn’t anything for you to say 
Unbothered queen. Love you Bardi 
Gangstaville Radio Approved Str8 Slammin
Started my day off wit DAT invasion of privacy.... Cardi I no you busy and  got a lot on ur plate...But can u think about coming out wit some perfume??? Love u gurrl.
@iamcardib Good for you  !!  What would be the point?? You have created your own lane (as did all the great Ladies of Hip Hop has done before you) and NO ONE can remove you! #Bonified #HipHop #jumpinyourporcshe
@iamcardib always get involved with the hype girl tfff
And please don't you got more to focus on
https://www.fiverr.com/brf_services/provide-50-blog-comments-manual-work-dofollow-backlinks# …!
"offset" I'm too rich to end up in a fight..

(2 RICH)
Yes dont allow negative energy 2  distort the development of your child. It is importat that you protect your energy Change what you watch listen to and eat as it all affects the vibrations of your child and the type of soul that will be attracted #slayingApep #pregnancy #CardiB
You have blessings that others could only dream of. Live in your glow
That’s the best way to be Love!! You got sooooo much Positive going on in your Life!! And it ain’t good for you or the baby! 
I love Cardi and Nicki, since I’m not either of them I can’t say who’s in the wrong or right. I’m still gonna support the both of them cause at the end of the day, they’re both amazing artist who make great music
Don’t!
L I N E  ‘ E M  U P  I S  H E R E  ! ! !

https://youtu.be/Xa1OtajCawI  via @YouTube 
Boo...you one of the biggest artist in the world.  Who going to stop you? It's hip hop at end of the day. Tell us how You feel.
Chun li 
Thank you
I love you boo for life 
Nicki is OK but I would never buy or download any of her tracks...Keep up the good work Baby Girl...#staypositive
Heheh
STREAM CHUN-LI AND BARBIE TINGZZZZZZZZZXX
She lied! You lied! In the end! You cAme out clean! On Top!;)PEACE
You KNOW LESSON #1! FROM @PublicEnemyFTP :!;)PEACE
 Kode Beats

 $20• Lease (buy 2 get 1 free)
 $60• Exclusive (buy 1 get 1 free)

http://Kodeinz.beatstars.com 

#needbeats #beatsforsale #freebeats #producer #samples #artist #music #soundcloud #beats #trap #rnb #hiphop #DJAkademiks #WorldstarHiphop
Please dont
Same. That's why I have no idea what you're talking about.

No need to love your ARE the hype!!!
That was up
Unbothered!stay winning...
I’m not gonna say nun 
Enjoy your pregnancy !!!!
Nice
