Nicki has beef with literally every celeb. Maybe she’s the problem?
Maybe you need to get the fuck outta my mentions
Hun you’ve been retweeted. You’re gonna have a lot of people in your mentions :)
I mean obviously it’s been an hour
Then eat your big bowl of “obviously” and sit tf down. Smh
Then gtfo my mentions duh!
Beep beep it’s me again bitch 
Sis go eat some mashed potatoes or something.
That line was towards Remy not Cardi
Wtf are you even talking about?
About your tweet...
My tweet had nothing to do with remy. I was actually talking about cardi.
You quoted the lyrics of Barbie Tingz
No... I was really calling her a dummy.
You people want an apology for something that has nothing to do with you. The fuck is wrong with people, lol. Fuck Nicki - cocky bitch is old news.
Bitch you’re old news too tf fuck outta here
Quite the mouth on you child. But your insults are as weak as nickis verses.
Says a fan of a girl that says “I get upset off”
I don't do the "fan" thing. But let's get one more song from nicki claiming she's the queen of rap. same lyric, every song. Young $ is the only reason she is still here. ppl rob her style - what style? lil Kim's look? Remys flow? MA? Her "style" is all over the place. Plz.
Go fix your crows feet sis.
Girl them smile lines, it's what you get when you live life instead of trying to fight the Internet. I'd be worrying more about that sour mug you rockin right now. Life's too short to be a nicki Minaj fan. 
Okay Cortney
You know youre not wrong for having opinion but why you gotta tweet tge shit for is attention what you really need so bad i dont know i dont want beef im just stating my opinion sis btw love you cardi and nicki we trini bitches rule
Not my fault she search for her name.
lmao
Fuckkkk youuuu
I would’ve complimented you but it’s fuck you too!
Lmfao after looking at your profile pic  bye no need to keep going
Lmao get the fuck out my mentions then hoe
When you're trying to talk shit on the dl but get exposed
How imma talk shit on the dl if I @ her? Dummy.
Cuz I'm positive that when you posted that Cardi is a dummy, you didn't think she would retweet it and expose you 
I wanted her to see it duh!
 okay 
She retweeted u 
Like the dummy she is.


Cardi  please publicly apologize for your rude and disrespectful actions towards Nicki Minaj. You as a human disgust me and to think I streamed your album so much. I’m genuinely upset as a fan of you. I can’t believe the rudeness from you and Quavo.  @iamcardib @QuavoStuntin no T
She'll apologize when Nicki says sorry for saying fagot and not offering condolences for the orlando nightclub shooting
Everything doesn’t have to be public you know? Pretty sure she donated to the victims of that shooting so please stop.
Yeah.. imma need more than " pretty sure" ama need receipts she can't be private with her lgbt support when the lgbt are so loud in their support for her
Go google that shit if you want proof fuck outta with this shit
I did google it and there's nothing about Nicki donating anything to the survivors. Either Nicki don't like the lgbt or she keeps liking em very, very private
What she does doesn’t have to be public okay?
She’s a public figure! You dumb twat.
Make sure you purchase #InvasionOfPrivacy on iTunes
why is there a problem I bet you one of them folks that looove to speak about women supporting each other but you right here calling someones mother “a dummy and a bitch” get it together my love . have a blessed day though 
Didn’t need your 2 cents anyways girl
i had an opinion just like you had  okay let me go ..
Unnecessary anger...Cardi B is doing her own thing while Nicki is doing hers. I love having so many FEMALE RAPPERS to choose from to rock with. Lets not be bitter 
Was never bitter
 you're mad about SOMETHING. But, never the less, I wish we could just have a bunch of successful ass female rappers without all this unnecessary drama that seems to come along. I just want some dope ass features with Cardi & Nicki. Kumbaya up in this place please. 
Maybe tell cardi to be honest next time then
WE don't know what truly happened. At the end of the day, this drama shit doesn't matter. It's just celebrities trying to get their coin or just loving to make music. I just wish for banging music (which both Cardi & Nicki deliver on). Stan twitter makes everything so messy .
If you can take the heat dont run your mouth little girl.
Bitch what heat?
Dummy is you grow up
English please?
that was english ... go learn how to identify it properly first before getting brave
“crackhead” that’s seen more on the charts than your plastic fav ... and we got @thepinkhoe suspended for calling her that ... don’t .
The word “retard” is offensive and vulgar. Please reconsider using it in the future
You tell her Melissa!
Ya'll should watch this maybe it would clear out some air about the 2 of em
Fuck outta here with this shit
You're hurt...we all love Nicki though

Lmao you turnt af 
I don’t see why
Speaking about nicki is a no no, hopefully you’ve learnt your lesson!
Not cool. Didn't your parents ever teach you if you don't have anything nice to say...
Guess what? They’ll say the same thing I said  goodbye
Ok...why you hating?
Cardi Fans Butt Hurt By This One Tweet @AliRose1_ I Think You Ruffle A Couple Feathers 
right now they in my dms like “kys”
They so mad about facts
Why you hating? Is it cause you couldn’t make it out the hood???
Lol DF? Learn to recognize yourself before trying to gain the recognition of those to whom you are NOTHING.
Instead of tweeting @iamcardib with this shit, you need to ask if you can borrow one of her hairstylists to deep condition that broccoli on your damn head... She might hook you up sis..
No thanks

Eat a dick... you may feel better.
Um no thanks. That’s your job.
You cardi and nicki are getting your bags
Wrong person! That was meant for @RealRemyMa https://youtu.be/_62w_bxTZrg 

But here's the whole story behind the scenes! https://youtu.be/aZRasB91wiY 
Why you sending me this for?

U mad cause cardi is better? Lmao
Nah so bye sis
#BARDIDAY LETS GET IT VIRAL ###
Just something else that cardi & her fans can copy
Too bad your queen of rap is PRESSED and my BABY CARDI is #unbothered by her shenanigans.. LIVING HER BEST LIFE Bless Nick heart her little feelings hurt!  SHE NEEDS CARDI PRAISES!!
Gotta be “unbothered” what can she do? She’s pregnant.
Okkkuuuurt 
Y’all be the same one Bumping Bodak Yellow Loud Asf Now All Of a Sudden Everybody Want To Hate On Cardi 
Btw are y’all not seein the chain effect? First bodak yellow she takes Kodak’s flow, then barrier cardi, then be careful, and money bag sounds just like bodak yellow I mean does she not have anything original? Please go to bed ....
No bithc you just Fug-Li 
Oh girl you did the fuck not 
Well I did, wassup

 lemme join in as well
Tag me in
LMAOOOOOOO
Stream #ChunLi & #BarbieTingz  out everywhere
Nobody caresssss
Cardi fans are MAD is this tweet a threat to her career?
Are you mad?lol
Shut up you ugly Nicki Minaj troll looking ass bitch. Shut yo oversized Teletubby looking ass. The real Miss Piggy looking ass bitch.
teletu-Bi lmfao!!
Yoooo
Yes drag that woe  #ChunLi
You stans are wack af
I’m so happy Nicki did redo her Motorsport verse. She gave us way more life and bars and she didn’t big up Cardi! DUMMIES
If she is queen why is she is so pressed with Bardi? You barbz are one of the reasons people dont fuck with nick
#bardigang assemble
Be careful bitch
Said by pardison
Don't @ me if u under the age 18 pls! I don't play with kids.
No you didn't with that pissy looking bathroom! Watch out lil bitch
Nicki dropped 2songs and they both  are Wack.. @CardiBNews Wins again..  Case closed
Nicki dropped two songs? Hmm....didn't know!
Yeah Courtney she did  and they both flop 
Thankfully your lil 15 min WONT last long as hell
go suck
Her stans are her downfall
Stay mad hoe
Cardi new album sure does have u Beez in the trap BUZZIN' ...We all know if you ain't got no haters, you ain't poppin.
That's rude what did cardi ever do too u are I just a hater..
Every track she drops is setting a new record. She is 25yrs old & changing the hip-hop industry. So who is the dummy, sis?
This ^^ I meant. Lol
Meanwhile..... I get to eat this and read. Lol
Yo mama!!
Wow
Who hurt you mami ?!
And your still broke dunmy leave cardi tf alone she dont care about none of yous especially if your broke
Y’all say cardi not worried about nicki but she did this petty shit so her fans can try to drag this person  cardi trns play victim
so you telling me you didn’t get happy when cardi retweeted your tweet? not even a lil heart palpitation?
Plenty of room for everyone. So much hate for no reason in a hate filled world. Enough is enough.
 this chick got chall mad for no reason
Wrong move
That insult is too much it will get her sick
Now.... LET'S ALL TAKE A MOMENT TO ENJOY THE NEWS OF COACHELLA FEST 2018. "BEYS IN MY BACKYARD"!!!!
So are u

Ahahaha, someone needs to lay off the haterade
we should stop fighting over celebrities. They're out there working on their lives and we're here fighting over shit
         
@Keeks518
Cardi nd Nicki have two different styles they not even rappin about the same shit Yu cant compare them
Lmfaooooooo
#teamcardi clear out please. Cardi is dodging all of your hate just like Kim doing this dodging dance.
You are as much of a hater as nicki grow up baby its sad
lmao who are you to say that
Lmbo
Al li leave cardi alone
I like both 
Hahahaha nothing wrong!
So much hate. Y’all know we can like both artists instead of creating beef right ?
You got the recognition 
@iamcardib and @NICKIMINAJ be making bank while y’all hating 
Wheres the lie?
Lol, gotta love nicki stans 
Lmaooo why would you retweet this i love you @iamcardib
Mfs like you need to shit yo ass down somewhere like move around @AliRose1_
Lmfaooo sus your wack, is cardi hurting ya feelings that bad ?
This whole entire thread
Wait what???
Yall know damn well that its cardis fault.Yall just dont wanna acept it by bringing up another subject that she is better than nicki dhe is unbothered and shit.Stfu and think for a second.
LMFAAAAOOOO
Bitch stfu you real pressed asf hoe .. lil hating ass.. gtfoh I’ll bake tf outta yo fat neck ass
Someone wants attention
#invasionprivacy

Your mother
She said she’s got enough bras she don’t need you to support her  Stop feeding hate! Let these record-breaking, grown  queens  handle their own stumps. Both are 
bx stfu
Dismiss tf
Oh naw sis ... whole on you getting too Spody nah
#bardiganggg 
Yall really in the comments  beefin like yall these people bestfriends 
Stay pressed.
A dummy with a Grammy nom, a number #1 billboard single, an album that is #1 in 51 countries and is co host on the tonight show and is making money in her sleep lol what you got?
Maaaaaaaaan #facts

NICKI WHEN SHE LOGGED ON TO SEE CARDI BEING SUCCESSFUL 
In the words of @iamcardib "thank you to all my haters for buying and listening to my music...it only benefits me".

You just mad her lil 15 minutes lasting long as hell
Iggy was out a while before she dropped too 
Let’s see
Get ur sugary azz off this page with that way ish!!!
Lmaooooo drag this irrelevant bitch!
And she’s not worried about ya or this situation or else she would’ve been addressed it!! Idk y ya so pressed for
Why are you so mad? It's never this serious
Okay yeah look I don't like what I heard I'm not finna @ cardi Twitter like Nicki wasn't shading she was speaking facts  so stop it 
Wtf  B
but i’m sure her music in ya playlist lmao sit down
sit down and make some money then talk ur shit
relaxxxx bruhhh u mad she making moneyyyy 
Best retweet EVER!!! #CardiB #bardigang #invasionofprivacy
??
Wow..what was that for? Tf
Shut your pale ass up before I knock ya teeth down ya throat bitch
 ....watch out now!!
I'm shaking... Lol.
Ya'll stans really amuse me
http://itunes.apple.com/us/album/chun- …

http://itunes.apple.com/us/album/barbi …

http://youtu.be/BidS_rcf7UU 

@NICKIMINAJ 

#NickiDay #BarbieTingz #ChunLi

Fat pussy ass bitch
cardi b was a real life stripper just 6 months ago... for $50 you had a chance to see her pussy... 
Live your life
She’s striking while the Iron is hot ....Cha Ching ...
Lmaooo! I live for Cardi B retweeting this! We love an unbothered Queen
Bitch shut yo dumb ass up
#clapback
And you a ugly bitch
Your mama 

I love Cardi B
you just talking shit. you mad because both women successful and they both making it. and if twitter gave me more characters i would drag yo ass
And you’re broke. I guess that makes you a loner on this lovely evening.
how?
#bardigang
YESS DRAG HA SIS. YESS PRINCESS CARDI
Facts sis we been knew

I like a girl who retweet’s a hater
Same and ayee army 
Ayee! 
I KNOW YOU AINT TALKING ABOUT @iamcardib
Ha, queen retweeted a hater
Cardi sis
Looking for sympathy
Thats not it. I just dont want her rt this stuff
How does it feel to want
@Billtrust Clients now have the ability to use @FlywireCo to streamline international payments!  Incredible partnership of like-minded people who deliver value/results!
