buy no tears left to cry on itunes
no
yes
yes x2
Yes x3
I’m not even mad at this. Ari returned with a banger.  And the video... 
Oh heck yes, she did! Are you guys gonna watch her on Jimmy Fallon tonight?
collab with Taylor
Nooooooo
i want it tho
No but Taylor... no hun no
i mean... i like them both but I respect your opinion! 
Well thank you for being so graceful about it I guess you're entitled to wanting collab also
Girlshhh is Coming EEEEEOOOOWWW!
Always a pleasure to listen to your music, be blessed 
omg give us a clue!! 
Hey Cardi you are not better than Nicki
Because Cardi is the best
She never claimed to write everything on her album. She didnt cancel her tour w/Bruno & still went thru w/ Bochella even tho it was booked last year. Not only did she go thru w/BOTH performances fully pregnant, after costs-she paid THOUSANDS of $$$ to perform for her fans.
sHe nEeeVer cLaImeD .....
Right. Take "Be Careful" for example.. the writer I'd given credit on the track.. what rapper do you know these days writes every single thing they put out 100% on their own w/no help from anyone? They are putting out music to "ENTERTAIN" so why wouldn't they go above and beyond?
Nicki
Okay... maybe you misunderstood what I meant... "Chun Li" for example was written by Nicki AND Jeremy Reid. So.. it takes nothing away from her talent. It's just reality.
I mean.. people are entitled to their opinions & I'm new to Twitter but I'm seeing people can get belligerent. But you cant argue facts. If you're gonna downplay someone's talent based on one fact, then be prepared to do the same to the rest.
Amen  can't wait to see what you got cooking, B
Probably sh**
Callateeeeeee
Your name was honoured in #gringo a song by @shattawalegh from Ghana Africa
Nicki is Much better than Cardi. If you disagree, FUCK YOU. #BarbieTingz video out this FRIDAY

God is good 
Yo Quiero Yo Quiero 
Loooove u B
Who cares
Exactly  no one
But u took the time to comment on her page
Can't wait to see you on Wild N Out
Yesssss girl

“BLAME (Prod. HADES x MISSMAYY)”
DROPPED GO CHECK IT OUT https://soundcloud.com/northsidekjng/blame-prod-hades-x-missmayy …
Your album is wack
Callateeeeeee
Girls with Bebe, Charli and Rita?
Yes he iiisssss!!!

Love you Queen!!! #BardiGang is so proud of all the hard work you’ve done to get this far!! Keep it up Queen! 
Nothing but respect for MY president !!
Why did you say nicki not nice to you ?
Nicki Minaj: I could just imagine how many girls wish they could have been on a song with Nicki Minaj, and I’m not saying it in a cocky way 
Collab with Selena Gomez!
Noooo
You album is lit af every song is on my playlist like the whole album
If you fw Cardi give this a RT 
One of them isn't performing at NDMF
Dont be butt hurt
I'm not just stating facts
Cardi B : Inhales*
Barbz : Nicki can inhale multiple times in one sitting, she sold blah blah blah records and paid my rent and tuition.  She is a queen.
Girl keep playing on the playground, this is not place for u
The* place — This is not the* place.
Wait till nicki start stopping them bags fake talking about she not nice girl she been showing you love and your fake ass never  did Karma going to bite you in the ass  @iamcardib  gotta do better nicki been on
" Is she a stripper a rapper or a singer...
A stripper
Bruh I keep seeing you if you aren't a fan, get off her page?
lmao it's a line from her song ''Drip"
I'm not that stupid u know?
Cardi you probably never gonna see nun of my tweets but I really wanna go to yo weddin!!! Please omg 
Go listen to #gringo OK @iamcardib
Girlllll we ain’t goin nowhere - you know we #BardiGang
Yessssssss!!!!! I can't wait and yes GOD IS GREAT all the time.. I love you Cardi 

Amen
Yes! All the time 
Sty? Std? Stay? Sly? C'mon Cardi *cardi B voice*
Gaga collab?

https://soundcloud.com/toyhollow/old-ways …

JLO - DINEROOO FT. CARDIII
LOVE YOU QUEEN!

Go at your own pace fave! You already doing amazing!!! We do proud of you and Henney 
Feat @agnezmo...?
The poor man’s nicki minaj 
I love both thoo  even if she’s the poor man’s version, she’s funny & badass af
Why tf you sign a 360?
How you know she signed a 360?
Her lawyer confirmed it
God is so great we need to thank him on our knees for the grace he gives us!
Can’t wait  I know you do!
Is one of them karma? Cuz yea that's coming for u too

We are watching you and your success grow. Keep it up.
Omg!!!! If Lady Gaga liked it, there must be a collab coming.
Thanks for getting rid of that manager I tried to book you 3 times in September & he treated me poorly I sent you many DM’s on ig about it
He is great
Can a sister sing for you
Ok
Yesss!!! #Godisgreat
u should come to South Africa one day 

Exactly. Everyting  The Lord sends blessings  the devil try throwing  a wrench  but don't let him stop u ....he's  a liar. #WE NUH FALL FI FAKE NEWS#
I’m happy for you keep doing your thing.. 
I like it video?
Do a song with @SnowThaProduct  
FEAT WITH GAGAAA!!!
I can’t wait for these videos u got coming it’s hard to be patient lol
Yes and no amount of hate can stop it!
@iamcardib you know you poppin aaaoooowwwww so happy for you. God bless
,
I told Y'all
Today and everyday
Patiently waiting @iamcardib 
GO RT MY PINNED TWEET!!!!
He truly is!!! God is so good !!!
Won't he do it 
yes
So is my beaner
You deserve it, for sticking to your dream, grinding hard & NOT LISTENING TO THE HATERS!... GOD IS GOOD....QUE DIOS TE BENDIGA!
 Your baby will be blessed just like you!
Won't you give us a little time to recover first?
Where are the music videos, sis? 
Your the best Cardi.

Ayyyyyyy get on my single pz #RunninShyt ft CardiB
Yay
stylin getting released soon?
That is wonderful! Congrats on all of your blessings

Yes he is!!! Amen.. Good morning @iamcardib
Million dollar deals right???
Please cardi B come to Sweden we love you 
Like ya bundle of joy! Blessings...
I didn't take u for a saint. Contradicting images going through my mind ryt now abwt wu u r. ,(much love)
I really love your songs from Ghana Africa
If any girl i wana date a wana date @iamcardib the girl soo fin #gringo by @shattawalegh
Stay in the Blessing zone... God got you 
No Cardi, there is no god. YOU are great and you are doin this on your own

can't wait
Amen  Washington heights

Excited alreadyyy gimme the new music

 Bardi, can you please help the children of Mitchel Houses in the BRONX stay fed this summer??
Pls donate anything you can to
I LIKE IT VIDEO PLEASE Luv U Icon
I can’t wait
Yup I look forward to Gods Plan #Drake
Would you collab with @agnezmo ? 

I can't wait
Assurance
Like #Dinero  

Cardi b I'm back
What god are you speaking of?  For certain that's not the God of Abraham....be more specific demon
keep it up!
GIRLS GIRLS GIRLS @RitaOra
Yeeeeeeeee...!!!!!!!!!
Patiently waiting.  Love you bardi
Cardi Up
Ya are gonna receive great things than ur expectations
can u pls pay my tuition. it ain't much in dollars
Girls ft. @BebeRexha @RitaOra @charli_xcx 
God is good, amen
@iamcardib check out the new single from #Gringo by @shattawalegh... Your name was honoured on it.... #Gringo is the biggest thing in Africa now check out the dopest video shot by an Africa artist on YouTube
mentioning you in my English assignment 
We  you, Cardi 
Which god
cant wait for BIG THINGS from you
I love you! Jah bless <3
God *
Jah and God are one in the same stupid.
Check out @shattawalegh new single #gringo the track is for u...
@adinahoward embrace cardi b . we all gonna get on
Waiting on u sis
Bardi always remain yaself the streets fuckin love you! Stay  and much blessings to you Offset & y'all baby
Always behind you gal..
Yes ! I hope it’s the I like it video. And please don’t get involved with the hype.
Are u ready to be embraced in funk music? U gonna be like adina howard and if blues bro 3 go down lawd that would be nice
Much anticipation cardi......kip doin u and we kip praying u get bigger.....much love boo
Yow Cardie,wish u 2 never leave GOD on yo side....
I LOVE YOU AND CANT WAIT FOR YOU TO HAVE A HEALTHY BABY AND END MY LIFE ON THAT FINESSE TOUR!!!!!
My funny big aunt, #Happyworkersday
Bbgurl help me see @BrunoMars here in the Philippines  please i beg yooou in the name of holy eeeoooowwwssss
tour??? come to uk queen.
Check this queen
Ariana added I Do on her spotify playlist♡
hey
lit ish.
Cardi: "AMAZING THINGS coming"
Everyone: OMG A COLLAB W BEYONCÉ
Cardi B: Nah fam I'm pregnant. I gotta baby coming eowwww
We love u cardi!
بنتظر جديدك ي ملكتي
We'll stay tunes alright
We now the kid is gonna come,  what else?
Blessings your way #BXLove
Congrats mama you deserve it.

YAAASS CAN'T WAIT SIIIS
Night @iamcardib and baby cardi. Want to bless my little clout with a RT lol 

I got Soo many AMAZING THINGS coming .GOD IS GREAT !!sty tunes  TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
YES CARDI STAY ABOVE THE FRAY BOO
When we will get the I Like It MV??
Tru do your thing CARDI and be humble 

Love ya ass
Mixtape
Love you Cardi~~~~~<3

ft lil kim

Cardi

You a fraud
I don’t know how much more I can’t take @iamcardib! You’re killing shit hands down.
EVERYDAY!! 
#stayingtuned
Cardi Baby
I do music video plz
Yoooooooo join the trump train B ...
Keep them all
Collab with Gaga 

I luv u, Cardi.
Cardi
Release I Like It as a single & video!
You’re name got me dead af the fucking shade !!
Yow girl,chill out,I mean wat is dis all about?
Do u even know what she talkin' about?
Obviously lol I’m talking about the fan page name not cardi
I know girl,I was jst sayin,so how u doin?

You get what you deserve @iamcardib
Oh she will
fuck it up sis 
