I thought this was asap rocky at first lmao
Ha ha you got jokes huh...  I'll keep it classy
You lost me when you said you listen to this artist when feeling down. She as fake as they come.
We all have our opinions... Personally yours means nothing to me.  She REAL as they come... But of course a FAKE ass wouldn't know cause only REAL RECOGNIZE REAL... ijs
your black lips rocks
YAAAAAAAS they do don't they 
That was my favorite part of the song
Ikr... Mine too Fasho
You are so freakin cute. Love the shades!
Thank you 
Off topic, butttt where did you get your nose ring? I love it!
I got it at "Be You" in the mall where I'm from. They do piercings.
Thanks!
I am glad your mood picked up! What's your favorite song from the album? And  Do you like my #CardiB  reaction vid?
I have no favorite song because they're ALL slammin. Absolutely NO skipping songs on this album.  Been following @iamcardib  for a while... Back when her ig was constantly shut for just keeping it real.  I'm very proud of her accomplishments & happy she's living her dream
bey gril
#WeLoveYouCardi 
Aye she killed it @Arnebotha1 
Yoh killed it for days, that must be her fav tune
I swear thru your phone is everything its like Cardi B been spying on my life..I love the album..Men feel some kinda way..Make something for them to Card I B..
Yasssss!!!!
I loved the glasses part...had to watch it again.
Daaammmmmm!! U go!!!
Music is life  
I agree!! It does lift your spirits!! 
Omg your so pretty!! What’s your secret?
Wow, a queen 
Okoooo
Loooooooove thisss!!!!

Fucking SHMOOD 
#facts
Dang hey pretty girl 
YAS! PERFECT! AND THAT FACE THO @ THE END! 
yesssssss
You are ugly
Love Cardi B

Hahaha you riding hard on that Bartier Cardi girl... @iamcardib is the realest y'all
Damn sis!! You killed it
Same!!!!
Killed it though... I was hype af off the glasses parts
OOK she killed it
Ikr
Yassss
http://www.Reboundlovers.com  #MovingOn is the next step to happiness. #ThursdayMotivation #love #dating #onlinedating #relationships #facebookdating
