We’ll miss you Bardi. Have a safe and exciting delivery. God bless you and your baby. 
Awwwww that is a nice reply
Excuse me ? Jmbalaya is next week ...don’t play with me
I’m saying, first Kevin Gates now her
I’m all for supporting the pregnancy but uhh I need to see her ! They better roll her out in a wheel chair or sumn , I’ll take that . Idc
Hell nah 
The fact that you performed your whole set at Coachella TWICE shows how strong women are. Pregnancy is not a handicap 
Cardi, it’s okay to schedule breaks and relaxation, too. Make sure you set aside time to rest. Meditate, sleep, relax. You and your baby deserve it 
Are we gonna get a Get Up 10 or I Like It video in the future?
The ‘I Like it’ video is dropping tonight during the Latin Billboards!! 
Oh perfect!
That’s ok sis. Take your time. I wouldn’t be mad if you took a lil time off after the baby. Real ones will understand and support you through it and ride for you the same. 
Yep. And it’s sad to see how many people are angry at the fact she won’t be performing at JMBLYA 2018. Selfish people.
Exactly. People need to put their selfish wants aside she has a baby who needs her in just a few months. Half of them complaining probably won’t even go see her on tour and don’t really fuck with her music like that  Just lookin for something to critique per usual. Headasses
I am so bummed you won’t be at rolling loud I wanted to see you the most 
Me too 
I’m so sad like I have been anticipating seeing her for so long and when I heard she was at Coachella I knew she wasn’t gonna do rolling loud anymore smh  so disappointed
I don’t even wanna go to rolling loud no more literally got it for her
I’m saying!! 
This is the saddest day ever . But i can’t even be mad she mad pregnant it was expected but DAMNNNN
Is ok girls, there is gon be Cardi for a long time 
That’s a fact when she tour I’m in there .  I’ll live but I’m still sad lol!
You’re a straight up inspiration for us New Yorkers from the hood. Salute 
Get some rest @iamcardib the fans are not going anywhere. #cardibfanforlife
Dropped two mixtapes in six months, what bitch working as hard as me? 
you’re a powerhouse and i love you
You’ll kill it. We have no doubt. 
Will miss u lots at wireless but understand why 
A Rihanna feature?
As you should maternity leave lol
rolling loud should be your last performance 
Cardi please can you continue to use IG throughout the pregnancy/birth/newborn baby stages!! I wanna be there with you and experiencing it  love you
Stalker
*big fan actually ..........
Yes we Stan Cardi all day every day is called: fan love
Good for you, I’m also a fan, but not a stalker. Great!
You just exaggerating, I don't think she mean like every single second but a hit here and there, chill!!
Can u release the physical coppies of Invasion Of Privacy? All of us are looking forward having it z
I'm proud of you mommy. You accomplished so much in so little time. 
We will be here waiting " Cardi Bardi,  bagging body,  Spicy Mami "
It's OK to take time off for that BABY! Don't worry honey we won't forget your talent and SHINE. @iamcardib we LOVE YOU!
A hard worker , God bless you, you deserve it.
Omg yes , take care too 
You 
What about Jmblya concert in Dallas?
Keep baby Bardi safe and healthy sis. Ill see u in October ready for this Bruno tour
Just make sure you and baby Bardi are good mama 
Best Female rapper 
ITS OKAY!
She gonna come back with more heat anyways .
Cardi real love from West Africa Ghana 
I want to talk to you please 
Surprise me +233267666827
Followed by...can I have your bank account info please? I’m a billionaire prince who will repay you with 10 billion, but first I need to borrow 2 million.
Don't have that kind tho  , want some money to get visa and ticket to travel to the state and face the new me
okay sis, before I drop a bag on these JMBLYA tickets and AirBnB, is you performing or na?
her last performance is Broccoli Fest so no Jmblya
Damn I been planning this forever now, but it makes sense why she can’t make it. 
Aww cardi ima miss u 
Dont over work yaself, u gotta bundle u needa spend time with!!!!! BUT all I ask is u dont forget about us!!! We dont wanna see yu leave that number 1 spot!!!!!!!! 
We will wait, well you know some just can't but a couple new features for the summer will be dope. You and Henny need a lip stain line yall both have amazing lips . Gotta include mom in that deal yall three together The New (Tina) helllooooo.  Keep that bake shop rested ILY
When was the last time a rap queen got pregnant? It's a first for me and I'm loving it
Girl better be a feature with @ladygaga y'all queens
*continues to stream Invasion of Privacy on the way to work*
@iamcardib we will miss ya and I wish ya safe delivery... Be strong,like u have always been strong...we love you from Nigeria
We believe in you. Bring us good music like this


I feel u
And respect that about where u come from and stand for too aswell as Nicki!!! You and her need a star on the walk of fame and be the  females model artists as needed!!!
Just think without you and her where would rap be for the Ladies  world wide!!! Right nowww as we SPEAK????seeeee
@crystohhhhhh @DemiJuliet
Oh hell no
Wait so you won’t be a broccoli fest?
Imma be so sad if she not! cause that's this saturday and mannnnn I been ready to see Bardi smh lmaooo I'm lowkey tight but I understand..
I know me too. 
You and @RealRemyMa  and @LilKim  and @MissyElliott  need to make a collabaration 
That just made my whole brain smile.  A @Timbaland production, tho. #fortheculture
Yes ma’am 
Am I the only one who read this in my head in her voice lol 
So no @RollingLoud ?
After may right?
I've had drip drip stuck in my head for like a week help me cardi!
Relax and enjoy your pregnancy!!! 
But you and I will be breathing the same air at Rolling Loud right?
What about rolling loud??
Make sure your resting enough for that baby, you must be so tired.
@JetLifeJaszy
I love u @iamcardib take ur time and most importantly take care of yourself and the baby.
Come to El Paso after you give birth!!! We all wanted to twerk with you girl!  love yaaaaa
You better do that xtina collab
Do what you gotta do but make sure don't forget to bless us with some more Cardi B sound. The album is #dope #different @iamcardib
Do you!!! And give us a Prince  you will be back like you never left 
Just come to Jmblya get a comfortable chair. Drink some water. Shoot you can lip sing for all I care. I just wanna see you sooooo bad 
Take it easy. Baby Bardi’s health is the most important.
Take your time and do what you need to do. I know the whole world is thirsty for you, but it will still be there after the baby. And we will be just as supportive.
Rest up and enjoy your new bundle of joy your health and the babies health is important 

You couldn’t wait two weeks for Rolling Loud 
Please remember to rest!!! You don’t owe us anything, we just want you to have a safe and easy pregnancy and enjoy your start of parenthood  you always come first cardi!!!!
My inspiration , she kept working hard till somebody gave her the time and know she shitting on all them people that said she couldn’t or can’t gooooooo Cardi 
Knew it. You won’t be at JMBLYA I’m guessing
I know I’m so sad  I think my bf and I are gonna sell our tickets
No worries!
You have my grind mentality and I’m on baby number 9 
I needs to be apart of your team let me be HER   #ARMORBEARER YOU NEED ONE SIS
Trust that The Lord has your back and front. Girl, you are covered. Focus on the baby for this moment, these are tender times. You will win in the end. I love your style, your character, and your sense of humor. Every girl I know has a little CardiB in them. Smooches
I’m all for the pregnancy and relaxation, but damn you can’t just drop a fire album and go into nesting! Okurrrrt!!!
U got this....when u do come back it's gonna straight 
Do what you have to do and come back we’re waiting for you #Foreva #BardiGang 
Bitch I got you a baby name offset
I wanna say I’m okay with this but not, rolling loud is days away I bout to cry. A BITCH WANNA PARTY WITH CARDI @murraykayte
Don’t worry I’m sure you will manage to do it! You are amazing & will be a amazing mumma 
De Diosrest time is the best for Mamas Neva’s
I love you thank you for being a queen
If you were able to make it this far after everything life threw at you, you will for sure keep it going now. 
Enjoy the ride #mujeresalpoder
#rp aka #mj yea u prob should relax tho .. no need stressN it .. u will snap back soon .:)
Luv u BCARDII  #ilikeit
M so saddddddd
Cardi pls still do rolling loud we NEED you and Cardi bb there
@iamcardib  Congratulations you deserve to take this time for you and the baby. Loved you since cheap ass weave.
I really hope Post Malone is involved with one of those tracks , if not please collab soon cause that will be a bangerrr
Will you still be at JMBLYA Dallas May 4th?
Please callab with Ariana Grande and bhad bhabie
Take your time
You can take a break babes. You’re growing a person.
No doubt B @iamcardib , gots to rest N let ya mind WORK to put in that studio time.. Stay at ease N watch the rest flow wt the breeze 
It’s all understandable. You done a great job already :)
I so look forward to everything you do in life. 
Congratulations you deserve it
Do jmblya in dallas then stop preforming
ARE U STILL PERFORMING AT @RollingLoud
Relax and enjoy your pregnancy. Mad respect for a working mother to be. Stay humble and the rest will follow. Can't wait for you to come back harder. Love you Cardi 
I’m just wondering if you’re going to do rolling loud. Because I love you and you’re the only reason i bought the ticket.
her daughter gonna know how to rap before she comes out from listening to her mama 
So no Cardi? @RollingLoud
So proud of you don’t be afraid to take some time off if you need the real fans will stick by you  God bless you and your fam
Rolling loud in Miami won’t be the same without @iamcardib 
Shit get it girl can’t wait for ur hits girl @iamcardib
Love you
Am going to fucking missed youuuanyways I can wait 
Mmm.. goodluck
@iamcardib make that money! But take it easy too! Balance momma! And if you ever need a reliable assistant? Holler at me on tha twitta!  #respect
It’s all good... best wishes to you, your baby and your family
So this means no Jmbalya? I might  as well Sell my tickets .....
Bless you and that bundle of joy that's already taking your breath away! *blows kiss @ belly*
Does this mean no Jmbalaya? Asking for a friend lol I’m not that selfish 
Girl u better still be performing at JMBLYA 
We love you Cardi you got this mama
@McRaneyy
#Nesting wine down @cardiB #winedown prepare your #nest for yor #babygirl

i am happy4u #motherhood
#plannedparenthood hates u bc u show love 4 unborn!
#CardiB u r a #ROLLmodel
u show young mothers
They can be successful with a baby
They can embrace baby in the womb
Prepare Nest
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BITCH I WANNA SEE U ON MAY 4TH DO NOT DO THIS
Cardi and offset better dedicate a banger to that baby I want a top 10 billboard all year long
Your missing rolling loud!!!!! FUCK!!! Im gonna go cry now
Can’t wait for the ‘I like it’ video 
Just come back for the @BrunoMars tour in Boston the end of September!!!
Take all the rest you need mama! You deserve it!

Rolling Loud ??? 
Please come to @RollingLoud 
ummmmmmm baby you better be at jmblya...... don’t play me like this
FFS @OffsetYRN PULL OUT IS WEAK
So you’re trynna work with @ladygaga or what?
Take your time girl , enjoy your first baby  

 WE LOVE YOU
What about @RollingLoud sis.. 
You got this! Just don't overdo it. Enjoy this journey and the new addition to your family.
:-((((
@iamcardib We will miss seeing your beautiful face and even more beautiful energy! Take of you and baby Bardi! Can't wait to see you return! In the mean time #BardiGang will be playin the #invasionofprivacyalbum. Shit the GBMV 1&2 too!! Amor Bella #KeepUpTheHustleMama
Since you working on that music what’s your Mgr info to send beats
Enjoy every beginning moment of motherhood! You are loved! Congrats again!
We still gon be here supporting you sis! Take time to love on your baby! Talent doesn't die it grows 
You are such a superwoman. I really hope that you are also fitting in some self care 
Enjoy ur pregnancy queen can’t wait to see the beautiful baby 
Hey @iamcardib rest up we all understand especially since you are a first time mom  go get going on the nursery grllll
Wish you were still coming wireless
U not coming for jmbalaya fest??
But I was supposed to see you next weekend at jmblya 
Congratulations Cardi. You are goin on leave as the biggest star in the world. The more established entertainers are lowkey relieved you ain't gonna be around to outshine 'em! 
You got this boo!!!! You’re Superwoman right now!!!
YAS B FUCK IT UP
Take your time sis @iamcardib
Keep your head up Mami, we will be here when you are ready.
No Dallas ?!
 you got it Queen
Take your time boo Try to get much rest as you can. Keep living your best life!!!
You got this Cardi you didn't climb This far just to be easily taken... #HustleHard
Ma we got you out here! Cop those bags and ink those deals from the crib. You and lil shorty need a break! You go hard and EARNED everything. Fuck the haters. NYCARDI
Ummmm will u be in DC this weekend for Broccoli City????
Yes, she will. That’s her last performance
Thank you, I saw the video
I’m the same with nesting. I started nesting at the top of January and since my due date is right around the corner, my nesting is at the highest it’s ever been.
Aww boo it’s gone be okay! Yooooo fans gone hold you down regardless 
U got it boo . As long as you love us lol
@RollingLoud ?
Schmood
You’re a professional! You got this!!! 
Relax, relax and relax 
Don’t be afraid to say no sometimes.  You have earned some rest!  The baby needs you more than the label and fans do.
Does this mean no jambalaya????????
As you should  soon you’ll be working with me @iamcardib #affirmations 
You’ll be fine. You got this
Nest on beautiful 
You got this girl!
Mira Coño just as long as you don’t be working with Kanye and ruin your career. Que le vaya bien Bella!
Only just discovered your story and massive props sista for your drive. Now it's time to sit back & put your feet up and let that man care for u while u carry your baby.. don't risk losing it over hits. Respect.
Hope this is hinting to being on Rita Ora’s new track, bring the flavour sis we here for it
Baby Bardi Gone Be Like 
PLEASE REEEEEEST!!
Have you heard of JJ fade
This is why I love Cardiii! Puttin’ in all that work
So excited to see the baby do what’s best for you!!
Blessing.
You can do it mama! God speed!
I love you Cardi! From PH! Please rest okayy? 
Omgggggg I won’t see you next week in Dallas at the Jmblya fest 
Can you Finish up “stylin” for us mama?
don’t forget to relax too momma
You remember the 5 second rule
Sooooo... who’s gonna be taking your place at JMBLYA?
Work momma! Make time for yourself too tho!
But are u gunna be at broccoli fest this weekend 
Cardi-B, You are a wonderful young lady . You will continue to stay focus and strong. Time Management will help you in all areas of your life . Self Care is no:1.We love you being yourself. You really makes your audience laugh . I watch some videos of you on Ellen Show yesterday.

You got this!! Don't over process what has to be..#your sacrifice over your health and  your precious unborn childs wellbeing is beautiful
http://www.datpiff.com/GriZz-Lezner-Majin-Buu-Saga-The-Mixtape.888256.html …
Too much work ain't good for baby you need to chill
You need a baby sitter ? Sis
Take care of yourself and baby Bardi 
I just wanna see maternity pics with you and offset.
Take as long as you need . You have been working so hard and need as much rest as possible .
Be strong.
We love you
I’m so proud of you, sis 
Okay so i might be off from doing performances for a couple of months but in the meantime imma be working my ass off .So many songs, features to do .Working on a lot of deals i sign up for and most importantly nesting  TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 

@BigSean       https://youtu.be/ve8DNag1sdg 
Where is tour @ tho?
As long as you worried about you and the baby health you can work your ass off sitting down!!!  love you ma
Will you do a world tour after that? 
We love you boo!
whew!! I hope you have someone in your life who focuses on helping you find time for yourself, find balance, quiet time, force you to go to bed when you need it, etc. xoxo.
@RollingLoud no cardi b then ??
