Nicki is coming
She came. It was boring I was disappointed and I went straight back to Invasion of Privacy. You can go enjoy her new tracks though!
Cardi cancelled what female rapper is on the charts as old as the Queen.But if cardi the better version of nicki she would take nicki's spot and have nicki behind her.
She don’t want Nickis spot you weirdo. Nicki just mad that Cardi is making noise in the rap game as a female rapper
Everyone wishes they had lil Wayne, Drake, or Nicki’s impact - let’s keep it real


Check the singles at the top left tho. #NICKIDAY. When Nicki album is released we claiming that apple title too. Cardi and Quavo is cancelled.
You think it will stay on the charts? It’s the second day of release? That shit gonna fall straight to the bottom of the charts like no frauds did.
You thought ha
Wow my two favourite song by Nicki are doing so amazing did you notice that? She released them yesterday but they are breaking the internet #NickiDay
Nope I didn’t see Nicki in trending just a lot of advertising #thirsty

She release singles
Two songs I know
Yeah which clearly aren’t good. She is playing it safe you can’t compare these two singles with cardi’s album
The songs might be also in her album
Well crap. I hope she has better songs
Lmfaooo tbh i find nickis new songs are doing better than cardis singles no shade tho #NickiDay
All Nicki fans will say that soo...
Okurrrrr! 
Why do people have to take sides? I love Nicki and Cardi and I wish them all the success in the world! 2018 is the yr of the female rappers. Be positive and happy that FINALLY us ladies are on top of the rap game. JS
It’s only #1 on the HIP HOP section not the overall charts lmao, cardio could never
Chun li 
Cardi just came in the game and nicki been here for years. Cardi came in doing major things and still is...
Onika making waves on Belcalus page
Wtf is a loski
Y'all Forgot To Mention That Nicki Is #3 & #4 On The Chart Already 
But you see Nicki everywhere 
so shady lol
IMA SPEAK ON BEHALF OF THE UK (CUZ WHY THE FUCK NOT) AND WE LOVE YOU CARDI. THE WHOLE ALBUM IS FIRE AND REAL AS FUCK. YOU A INSPIRATION! KEEP WINNING  #QUEENCARDI
aferin doğru taraftasın
Tum kadın rapperları destekliyorum artık no fightin
nicki hariç hepsini destekliyorum ahahahjaha

Why is everyone talking about nicki in this thread


Fake
Kylie Minogue is number 1, Cardi 6... check it 
@brotharolle
