Prayers are for those of faith.  Tell us what your Christian faith preaches.
- You do not represent  the people. You represent the NRA. Shame on you!
Your prayers are hollow. NRA bought you for $9900.  You have blood on your hands. Shame on you and your NRA colleagues.
@NRA we don't need your prayers. We need your vote. Please stop voting for the NRA.
Thanks.
You took how much from the NRA?  The blood is on your hands.
By voting against background checks, you permitted the Orlando mass shooting. What have you go to say about that?
no mention of LGBT, did you vote for the anti gay legislation just two days later? Constituents would like a response.
Keep ur hypocritical prayers unless u want 2 donate $3.1M from #NRABloodMoney to victims & pass meaningful gun reform #Enough
Wonder if you'll send prayers instead of voting for reasonable gun legislation?  Guess we will see
little hypocritical considering #GOP anti-LGBT laws and constant arming of America - Time 2 stop the gun insanity
2 million from NRA? Do you pocket that money?
Instead of praying actually help do something to stop suspected terrorists from getting guns. You know thats your job right?
#MakeItStop
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT WE DON'T NEED PRAYERS WE NEED CHANGE!
stop the violence. Stop making these choices that are "logical". No civilian should have an assault rifle.
do something! Prayers without action mean nothing. Keep assault weapons out of the hands terrorists! #Enough
we need more then prayers, you have the power to do something, why not do it?!
I'm from #CedarRapids #Iowa & I've tried to leave a voicemail for your office - please know I support the #filibuster #Enough
Your prayers need to be for forgiveness for not taking action. Do something. Close the #TerrorGap. #DisarmHate
how about action, instead of prayers, to keep another tragedy like this from happening? Step up! Enough is enough! #filibuster
#Disarmhate & vote for #guncontrol. Prayers aren't to protect us. #filibuster
Lady- you got to do better in this world! You have to stop taking money from the #NRA. U have to value our lives over ur power
I would be honored if you would listen to this perspective on the need for action.
What will it take to get Congress to pass meaningful gun reforms to #EndGunViolence ?
Keep your prayers and do something.
Prayers won't make change. Your voting makes you as guilty as shooter. Time to ban assault weapons now!
Accept that you are WRONG and DO something!! SENSELESS yes! This is all SENSELESS just like you!
But you voted that people on the FBI watch list could get assault weapons?? You're part of the problem! DO something about it
why have u accepted thousands of $ in donations from the NRA? Why did you reject the 2013 background checks bill?#Orlando
.@SenJoniErnst after the money you took from the @NRA to do NOTHING to restrict access to 45 round/min guns, these deaths r on ur head.
What have your fellow republican Senate & House members done besides offer prayers after every mass shooting?  Try action??
Prayers mean nothing
Do more than pray, take action. Pledge you'll stop taking money from the NRA and work to ban assault weapons
is with the terrorists. She helps them by putting mass assault rifles in their possession legally. Nice work, Joni
instead of silence, we should all blare our car horns, blast heavy metal music. You in congress are not hearing our cries.
don't bother saying anything if you don't mean it. If you do actually mean it you'll actually do something about this. Please.
the prayers haven't worked yet, try something else.
Wow, another hypocrite politician that can't even type the letters "LGBT", imagine that. All of you just need to stop.
ACT. Enough with the prayers. Prayers aren't saving lives.
@SenJoniErnst
how about you donate some of that 9000 gun bucks to the survivors
prayers don't do jack shit to help anyone and certainly don't comfort atheist family members
as one of your constiuents...do your job and pass laws against high powered killing machines. Prayers are NOT enough!!
I don't want your prayers, I want you to do something about gun control and stop taking NRA blood money
Why weren't "your prayers" with them while making legislation against them & ALL of us U #NRAtool? #GunSense4AllHumans
I will be doing my part to vote you out of office. And I'm not alone.
Thank you! @SenJoniErnst
Praying all the way to the bank, you'd rather have the $3,124,773 the NRA put in your bank rather than common sense gun laws
More prayers. Yep that should do it. Moron!!
Do you accept the blame for this tragedy because you voted to allow those on the no fly list to buy guns? This is on you.
your prayers are meaningless - you took $3,124,773 from NRA to keep these events happening. Hypocrite.
did you or did you not block a bill that would have stopped those on watch list from owning a gun?
.@SenJoniErnst Thoughts and prayers aren't enough. Pass common sense laws NOW to keep guns out of wrong hands @MomsDemand #EndGunViolence
¿Last time you supported either gun control or queer equality? Ur prayers not only fail us, they created this shit.
senseless= The fact that you vote to allow terrorist suspects access to guns. #NRA lapdog
what will you do as a Senator to reform our gun laws to limit the severity and frequency of these all too common acts?
stop praying and start doing something about this. What about a ban on assault weapons or wouldn't your NRA masters like that?
your prayers are great but I would love for you to do your job you were elected to do! There's legislation we can start with.
.@SenJoniErnst Ur #thoughtsandprayers mean nothing. By taking $3M from NRA & blocking gun control, you're complicit in #Orlando massacre.
their blood is on your hands
give back your blood money. Your campaign donation from the @nra leaves you with blood on your hands. You support murder.
Prayers aren't enough.  Do something.
@HappyOldSoul @SenJoniErnst prayers aren't anything full on gun control and the removal of assault rifles from the streets is
Call, write, tweet UR federal lawmakers till they vote common sense gun laws If the dont VOTE THEM OUT @BethK75 @SenJoniErnst
i already do. Daily. I work in politics. I am not the one you have to remind.
Thank you! Ive not had the time 2check out your profile. Im just asking in general, to caring americans, not meant to offend.
I feel that! I am a big activist!
That is fantastic! Keep up the fight, we'll get there!
-- So soon??! Make sure to wash your hands before you pray!! (Blood gets sticky before it dries) #GUNCONTROLNOW
YOU have $3,124,773 worth of NRA contribution blood money on your hands. You do NOT get to offer prayers!
You're partially to blame. Every time you vote with the gun lobby, you contribute to the next mass shooting. We all know it.
blood is on your hands
can you say Islamic terrorism?
You continue to be an embarrassment to Iowa. Your prayers are especially meaningless; your actions contradict your words.
$9,900 from NRA in 2014 buys a prayer and guarantee of no background check legislation.
which you assisted in with your hatred and bigotry.
And the NRA gave you how much money?
$9,900 in 2014:
