More gop lies    this is about the rich and coporate tax cuts   out in 18
Capitol Police officers discussing tax reform in the House gallery. One of them says: "I don't want to lose my state deduction."
We're living the nightmare of the last tax plan. The past 30+ yrs slow salary growth, no pension plan, a recession, etc. & #TheRichProsper
"Offshoring funds", "tax havens", "shell companies", "corporate welfare cheats"..say it, Joni , say it!
GOP"s Plan Cuts BILLIONAIRES Tax $3 TRILLION: cut 39% rate ($530), estate tx ($268B), AMT($350B), Sm Bus Tax ($1.5T), PLUS $1.2T for CORPS
@GOP tax plan is to coddle the rich and stick it to the poor.
WHAT'S BEING DONE ON #CHIP????? Are you going to let it expire in 2 DAYS, risking coverage for 9 million kids lapsing??? MAKE A STATEMENT.
You know this tax plan is terrible. But you'll vote the way Mitch and the Koch brothers tell you, anyway.
New #TaxReform hurts middle class: removes personal exemptions, bottom rates upped, 401K taxed, workers taxed 2X investors, pass-thru scam
But the senate SCREWS us everytime. Why don't you have majority vote? Really tired of tbe senat effing us over!!!!!!
Tax cuts for the 1% only help the 1%.
Get rid of the filibuster rule and get something done… Everyone knows the Dems will nuke it as soon as they have the chance
I agree except you should substitute "America's" for "Iowa's"
Ok in return for reducing the rate on corporate they must bring back there overseas stored profit. Good luck with that.
Your even more far right than Ted Cruz.  Do we look stupid?  You could care less what we think unless scared of defeat.  Then just lie
Senate R's.  From your silence, we can only assume you ALL agree with Trump/Ryans TAX PLAN for BILLIONAIRES.
You are right that small businesses need relief. However, most tax savings will be from the wealthy and large corp who are making big profit
Why should other states pay for mismanagement of high tax states?  we need to eliminate state tax deductions and level the field now
Joni for President!
Time to learn the difference between stated tax rates and effective tax rates...hardly any corporations pay the stated rate
usa cpa's say this is not true joni............
whens the last time you stood at start of day #pledge, senators that are not present for pledge should not vote that day, #ShowUpForPledge
How many "small businesses " will be affected by cutting estate tax? I predict major problems if Republicans are not honest about tax cuts
Thank you ma’am
RIGHT-ON!
More just talking the party line - how about tying the corporate tax rate to the number of jobs and amount of infrastructure in the US?
We the people will be watching every Senators vote like a hawk u let us down on repeal & replace obummercare we will vote accordingly#MAGA
This is not good for middle class Iowans...I hope you hear everybody..because you haven’t been..can you say one term?
Let's hope only 1 term.
Just don't let the ambitious grab first. It may be a start.
Hmm so you are also controlled by your billionaire donors!
Senator, quite a statement; however, have you EVER looked at or considered the FAIR TAX?
Why are 274 House bills still in the Senate?  Get off your @$$es, show majority and START DOING SOMETHING!
The loopholes were inserted by the GOP to let their cronies avoid taxes, and very few firms actually pay 35% http://money.cnn.com/2017/09/06/news/economy/united-states-is-not-highest-taxed-in-world/index.html …
PR people dying and Jodi Ernst working on tax cuts for the ultra wealthy donors who own her. SAD
Effective US Corporate Tax rate (after all the loopholes) is actually 19% per the CBO, not 35%. To reduce to 20-25%, loopholes must go
Joni Ernst- Hobbies include tax cuts for the rich and taxing the middle class.  http://politicsthatwork.com/voting-record/Joni-Ernst-412667 …
You should do what Reagan did by spending months developing a strategy in a bipartisan manner that addresses the issue in a revenue neutral way (not a deficit funded falsity that tax cuts increase revenue). It may take longer, but it will be stronger and better for Americans.
Your god-emperor will benefit by 7 million dollars according to his 2005 tax return.
How are we going to pay for all these tax cuts that almost exclusively benefit the rich?
This is a the tax plan in a nutshell. it's a thread if you want to know more.
Bottom line: Nothing in this #TrumpTaxScam for the middle class. Big, fat giveaways to Trump & his friends.
Kochs and Mercers need the old payola, huh? To the victor goes the spoils! LOL.
None of them pay 35%, some of them even get refunds. Trickle down does not work, it has been proven, studied.
@SenateGOP thanks

A middle-class family with 4 children will LOSE at least $4900 of tax benefits under #TrumpTaxScam
that's my worry!
Republicans are lying,just look at all the programs they have gotten rid off,so that trump&this staff can spend our tax money on themselves.
The plan out now is a huge boondoggle for the wealthy, and doesn't tell how you will cut needed services to pay for it. Nope. #notonepenny
What BS. Have you read it? People over party.
.. NOT RICH PEOPLE OVER PARTY. put your constituents first... Not YOUR agenda
Please stop trying to pretend you won't be for what the Koch Bros tell you that you should be for
You have consistently put these entities last. Why should we trust you now.
The Republicans are going to have to Raise Taxes to pay for Trump’s Vacations then add in his Cabinet!
I don't see it going anywhere.  Taxes equal power
