U& @marcorubio would do better by your voters if you spoke out to scrap the "MEAN" AHCA. Keep the ACA!!!!
Is this anything like your #wealthcare legislation that #trumpcarekills people? How much in donations did you get for that?
POC,  there went any hope of equal justice under the law.
Lil Marco get some pride and stop kissing Trump's ass. I hope he hands you some tissue to wipe his ass. #DonaldTrump #MarcoRubio #impeach
It's difficult to feel empowered without proper healthcare.  Please follow your heart NOT your party and #VoteNoBCRA #CountryOverParty
Rubio you are an embarrassment!! Doing everything to help a man that insulted you like crazy. I guess Trump was right to call you Lil Marco

If you want a wealthy nation you need a healthy nation first. #NOAHCA @marcorubio
Let me guess: empowering states means cutting needed funding to the poor in GOP speak.
23 million Americans with no health care is a "small percentage"? Say that out loud ten times to savor how callous and clueless that is.
Everything Marco does is gold!!!
This is nonsense! You should be working on fixing healthcare not nonsensical things to "fix" poverty when you don't understand the problem.
Looks like a big gift to the states, who can pocket federal money and do little to help people. But it is all a shell game.
How about voting NO to Tcare bill. That would be a start.
Right.  Let's combat poverty by reducing those in poverty by enacting Trumpcare aka death.
Explain, Sen Rubio, why trust Gov Scott with govt funds?  Medicare fraud in his past and questionable ties with $$ while governing...
I will read this.
Sometimes you come across as human in words, and then you prove you're not with actions. https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/06/22/upshot/shifting-dollars-from-poor-to-rich-is-a-key-part-of-the-senate-health-bill.html?smid=tw-nytimes&smtyp=cur&referer=https://t.co/uMIRQIrDj9?amp=1 …
hahaha vote down this healthcare replacement or all this work will go right down the drain
Trumpcare will place basic healthcare out of reach for millions-you can't care about poverty and still support Trumpcare
Which means you are voting "NO" on Trumpcare! IF you vote for it you will impovrish more than your legislation will ever help. #VoteNo
HOW FUNNY Since RUBIO  Voted NO to expand Healthcare in Florida and Favors LOW salary jobs"
How is Senator Rubio voting on the health care bill?  You refuse to acknowledge the residents of Florida!
All lies
THOU SHALT NOT KILL. remember that commandment? Vote NO on the senate bill for wealthtransfer. /Keep ACA for people's health care & lives.
That's really great news Marco is working hard for our Country!
Awesome! I appreciate all of your hard work on this bill.
All you are seeking is more power for yourself.
When people die bc of the healthcare bill YOU voted for, that will make you a murderer. #NoAHCA
Let's start combating the impoverished hand-to-hand
Vote health bill.left wants to impeach..hold onto your power.convince other republicans..vote health bill..
As you rip healthcare away from millions, literally putting millions into bankruptcy
@marcorubio  please #RubioVoteNo
Dear brother. please repeal and replace Obama care. Tq
I love the euphemistic names for things that aren't good.
What BS. You are taking away Medicaid, throwing 23 mill off insurance. How is that helping??!?!
#MAGA
Bull$&@(!!!
Here's an easy tip to fight poverty: don't bankrupt people over their healthcare.
What?   Just b/c 2016 Ohio Medicaid study and Consumer reports study finds current access to HC helps ppl.  IA women's pvty rate is high.
When our reps have exactly the same health care choices we're being offered I will be satisfied!
U.S. Capitol Switchboard Phone #:2022243121
Best thing to combat poverty and empower states...would be to vote NO on the AHCA! 
Republicans are killers
No get the health care bill done, if not you can help me out with my massive premiums and deductible, cancel the summer recess
Empowering the disabled citizen includes #NOCutsToMedicaid - lease vote no on that.
3% of introduced legislation becomes law.  Good luck honey
Please vote NO so many lives will be destroyed Fl. Is a place to live not Die save ACA make impact on GOP Please
While he takes away healthcare for millions of other Americans leaving them to die.
Oh...that must mean that Rubio is now willing to end the H1B Visa?  His Sugar Daddy Sheldon Adelson wouldn't like that now would he?
Please leave office.  You embarrass Iowa and makes us all out to be hill people.
Waiting to see if @marcorubio supports top secret Senate Bill. Many in FL depend on ACA and Medicaid. Senate Bill takes $ from Poor to Rich.
If they vote yes w/o amending & creating viable solutions they will have blood on their hands. VOTE NO
this will never pass it would give the states their constitutional powers back.
Well after you destroy Medicare it will be interesting how you conquer a problem you are going to make worse. #whyhatethepoor
Getting worse daily, open eyes!
This sounds promising.  Glad to see the benefit to the states, which should be more honest and efficient in serving their citizens.
Yeah - cutting Medicaid will certainly help the poor.
It would help the poor taxpayers who r funding this mess from their pockets in order to enrich the insurance cos.
You don't fight poverty while cutting health care to give tax breaks to rich! If it's so good why don't you use it? Don't exempt yourselves!
You really need to find a better group of friends.
Go Marco ..counting on you and your passion for this country.
TY! This is the right legislation. States are closer to people than federal government. They can provide programs based on local demand.
Don't try to hug him or @IvankaTrump will wanna cut you.
Bullshit. Exactly what unions do. Except they tie it to a living wage. That part you don't want. Up yours.
why isn't that $700B tax cut for slashing Medicaid coming to working families? Why only to 1% billion airs?
hey joni, you are a sell out. so sad u are to represent the great state of iowa.
I trust you Marco 
I know you won't sign anything that takes Medicare away from your mother.& children that are born w birtH defects!!!
I trust you Marco & I know you have Florida first & the country's best interest at You are the real POTUS & Leader
Yet you enable a cycle of poverty by voting yes on #Trumpcare preventing recovering addicts the care they need to turn their lives around
But first lets take their healthcare! @MMFlint @PoliticusSarah
I think this IS there answer to the new healthcare bill. I feel as though they're using this to answer for the cuts to Medicaid
I called you today about health care. If you vote for this bill. I will do everything to elect your opponent. I live in 50322.
