Republicans obstructed Obama for six+ years. Don't pretend you're all so high and mighty.
Obama was given 7 cabinet members 1st day of office. DEMS backlash on your Senators will be bad. Enjoy!
I was referring to after the GOP had majority house.  And both my senators are Republicans, for now.
oh, not just "for now" Shayrul. 2018 more to us!  Again, thanks for your crazy anger and uninformed brain
oh and you won't get "more" from my state, since each state only gets 2.
The more u rant march with silly pink hats Chucky keeps saying no in Senate = MORE SENATE SEATS 4 us in US 2018.
we'll see
I think we need to take names and use the list in 2018 to take them out of office. These stalling tactic hurt USA Gov't
can you explain the Merrick Garland situation for me?
.@SenJoniErnst IS IT THE SAME OBSTRUCTION THAT CAUSED THE DO-NOTHING REPUBs. TO OBSTRUCT WITH A SINGLE PLATFORM OF "ONE TERM FOR OBAMA"? :-)
What did you do for Merrick Garland? #hypocrite
They have a lot more to answer for, don't they?  GOP should stop nominating slime balls that have to withdraw.
I have three words for you. Pot meet kettle
and @potus @realDonaldTrump are calling for more enhanced vetting of refugees?  you do know what "irony" means, right?
It was ok when the GOP did it to Obama wasn't it what goes around comes around
I support #science and hope you vote against #Pruitt who denies Global #Climate Change.
you're such a partisan hack. Enjoy your job while you have it Joni.
Yes, the #Repuglicans taught us well.  The GOP set the precedent and tone of how to do things, last term.  Thank you
Two names Loretta Lynch 161 days and Merrick Garland never given hearing over a year. Do your job or resign
You are a hypocrite & embarrassment to Iowans. You obstructed Obama at every opportunity!
Really? lets go call Merrick Garland and let him know.
Delayocrats? Did you come up with that yourself? You're adorable.
You know DeVos is wrong for our children. The people will cheer the Republican Senator with integrity who opposes Betsy DeVos
this is really rich coming from a Republican. #Hypocrite
Well let's see. If I remember right, your party stopped a Supreme Court nominee for 293 days. You still have 259 days left.
you mean exactly like you and all Republicans did for the past year! You refused to even consider a nominee for supreme court!
like with President Obama's supreme Court pick??
if there is on thing the GOP knows about, it's obstruction - Not going to sit by while GOP destroys environment for profit
hypocrite
I do not appreciate you calling your constituents names. Smacks of  bullying. I thought you were against that. I vote.
shame on you. Name calling, hypocrisy, selling your vote to an unqualified billionaire. My kids, IA kids deserve better.
I can't believe you have the gall to say anything about obstruction. Resign. #NotsupportingIA
ur a disgrace to Iowa's children, teachers &schools. We've had some of the best schools in the nation- you've voted this away
Can I shit on your head?
And what exactly did you call it when you would not even support a hearing on Obama's SCOTUS nominee?? HYPOCRISY!
you are a hypocrite!
#VoteNoDeVos You wouldn't want someone who only owned a hospital to do ur surgery, you'd want an expert surgeon. Same w/ Ed
Public Education - The foundation of democracy. Well-funded, the strength of our nation. DeVos an ignorant elitist
selective memory -- Republicans weren't at ALL obstructionist over the last 8 years, right? Ask Grassely for a refresher.
oh you mean like how this guy treated Merrick Garland. 2016 McConnell vs 2017 McConnell https://youtu.be/_H6rjextSrM  via @YouTube
Give us a nominee who isn't corrupt, self-serving, and radical anti-constitution..no problem with confirmation!
isn't that what you did during Obama entire term? Hypocrite.
Irony, thy name is Joni Ernst. You will block victims of a criminal regime by claiming more "vetting" needs to be done
ALL the GOP obstruction from the last 8 years! Worst in history. We're still here and we won't forget! Don't play that card!
the children of Iowa and all of America need your NO vote on Devos.
Can't wait until YOUR voters find out about this!
if u believe in vetting, u know @BetsyDeVos is #unqualified according to both sides of the aisle. Pls be a courageous leader!
1 of ur constituents, I support thoroughness. info is power U have it now ur fault if the nominee fails America Accountability
this is only the beginning, get used to it. America won't stand for Trump/Bannon Bully platform. I hope you don't fall victim

I wonder where they learned obstruction? Did you call for a vote on Garland?
Iowans are begging you to vote no to DeVos!  She is unqualified based on experience and her history against public schools.
Yes. Yes. That is how we felt about Merrick Garland, a legit candidate with a mind and a heart.
ohh, thanks for informing us what obstruction looks like. We've never seen that before from the GOP. #SMH
The Democrats have had excellent teachers for the last 8 years.   Didn't Jesus say "Let he without sin cast the first stone."
Republicans repeatedly obstructed action during Obama administration. Merrick Garland comes to mind. #goldenruleinpolitics.
how dare you talk about obstructionists? Your whole party delayed even listening to a nominee for scotus #hypocrite
The Cheeto administration has done zero vetting.  Ask to see Cheeto's tax returns.
Perhaps you've  heard of Merrick Garland.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! Hypocrite much?
After 8 years of #Republican #obstructionism, this is really rich. #karmaisabitch
Obstruction, grandstanding, hypocritical/suddenly caring about forlorn issues, straitjacketing Prez to nation's hurt. MAGA!
Hypocrisy much, Joni?
Thank you Senator for your common sense and leadership!
Says one of the supporters of delaying Obama's Supreme Court Nominee for a full year.
So you #Obstructicans did a great job giving a hearing to Judge Garland?
HOW DARE YOU!  After what you and your party did to Obama's nominees, this is just inexcusable hypocrisy.  Shame on you.
And how do you justify the fact that YOU did exactly that? HYPOCRITE.
find a way to work together. If you're trying, try harder. I'm asking the other side to do the same.
Merrick Garland. Please explain.
Republicans OWN this now.  Whatever happens now is YOURS.  Essentially, your out of excuses...Get your shoulder pads!
And what was your position on Judge Merrick Garland?
Agreed everywhere. #ExtremeVetting does quickly become obstruction. That's what #RefugeesWelcome are saying too.#QED
Former Miss Teen South Carolina is more qualified and has more integrity than most of the nominees --
So you think a nominee from a loser in the pop vote and that has record disapproval ratings deserves more respect than Garland
who is univerally recognized as qualified including by Gorsuch and was nominated by a POTUS who won 2 pop votes.
suck it up Buttercup
Or similar to what the republicans did in 2013 for Gina McCarthy? http://www.vox.com/science-and-health/2017/2/1/14472008/senate-democrats-boycott-pruitt-vote …
