That because he is unfit to be in office we deserve better
vote no for Pruitt matter how many questions  he answered.  #nopruitt #savetheEPA #cleanair #cleanwater #resist
The number of questions is irrelevant - it's the answers he gives VS his record VS GOP credibility, which at this point is 0
...more so than appointees of past 4 yrs, his track record shows he's likely to eviscerate the EPAs ability to meet that goal
= bought.
Complaining about this but looking away while administration commits treason? I'm ashamed to have voted for you! #NeverAgain
wanting to know that the head of EPA believes in #science is logical. People are dying now from #GlobalClimateChaos. #climate
.@SenJoniErnst Are U trying to say that providing answers to 1200+ questions, qualifies him for the position ?
Bullshit
when you call the party of half your constituents names, it devalues the office you occupy & ensures you only serve 1 term.
.@SenJoniErnst does what her handlers and corporate owners tell her to do, not what her constituents plead for. total puppet.  SAD!!!
You have been getting over 1k calls from concerned Iowans.  Where are our answers?
I would ask the same question. Where are your promised return calls?
no GOP has any right to criticize obstruction. YOU set the stage for this, it should be no surprise.
...because he doesn't believe in climate change.
vote no for Devos.
Unfortunately, Ernst toed the party line and sold out Iowa's children and educators.
Did you see the emails they just released?
@ChuckGrassley I'm ashamed to be from Iowa with the way you two are voting.#iwon'tbesendingkidstoCampFoster. #NomoreIowavisits
delayocrats? immature much?
Thoughts on F rating for ozone probs from Am. Lung Assoc and mercury level rising in OK? Also Devon Energy speaking for him?
Right. B/C he is the single biggest threat to our environment.... but i'm sure your farming constituents don't care about that
he is disastrous for our environment and not right to lead EPA.
EPA was created to, bizarrely enough, protect the environment.  It's not hard to see why he took 1200+ ?s...
#ScottPruitt is bad for our kids' health & their future. The desire for clean air &longevity should be bipartisan. FromLogan
Or is "hypocrite" not in your vocabulary.  I mean, it should be, it suits you tremendously well.
Pruitt is another bad choice. You do not represent the best interests of Iowans.
It's not the # of Q's, but the quality of the nom that matters. D's had concerns about Pruitt & asked Q's. That's responsible.
That's because he's more than 1000% unfit for the position than the incoming noms from the last four admins
Also, does it count as Irony that you're using #delayocrats when the GOP delayed voting on a Supreme Court nominee A YEAR
So, you voted for DeVos anyway.  What a major let down.
just heard your vote for Betsy. Thank you Ma'am! Yes I am addicted to Fox News and Business... Is it that transparent???
Name calling? Is that the best you can do? You and Senator Grassley both need to grow up and do your jobs!
but Scott Pruitt values profits not the safety of the people which is directly affected by the environment.
Answering more questions than anyone else does not qualify him to serve as head of EPA. I don't agree with the Dem boycott
please vote NO on DeVos. It's nonpartisan. This is America-we can do so much better than her, for our kids and our country!
A PGOTUS who compares our leaders and military to Putin's murderous thugs! How proud you must be! DO SOMETHING!
Maybe there wouldn't have been so many questions if he was even remotely qualified. #NoPruitt #NoDeVos #NoSessions
vote no on DeVos
Vote No on DeVos - she will not protect our students or support public schools. Cabinet seats are not for sale.
vote no on DeVos
No on DeVos. Never DeVos.
oppose Betsy DeVos  she knows NOTHING #impeachtrump
these nominees are not up to the USA standard and you know it!
Vote for DeVos and you 
WILL BE REPLACED.
thats because this is a cabinet of misfits and neo-cons. Really you want to compare these inept class to any other admin??????
PLEASE listen to constituents #NODeVos. We need a qualified candidate with education experience-She can't answer easy ?'s
Pruitt answered more questions because he is questionable candidate for EPA.  We can do better.
Putin assassinates opponents. Turning Hungary into dictatorship. Trump & Tillerson welcoming Russia influence. We're next!
Put an end to this melodrama "by-design" from WH, Prez Bannon! Distracting tactics obvious.We're supposed to be world leader!
Plz subdue mental PGOTUS...dissing Australia, Mexico...all our allies...provoking Iran, etc. DO SOMETHING!
Plz vet mental PGOTUS! Full investigation (next 4 years) into botched ill-advised Yemen attack, death of soldier, innocents!
Pruitt hates the position he wants to take on. He shouldn't have to be delayed - he should be REJECTED, soundly.
I'm not paid to contact u. My Taxes pay u to read this. Publish that u fulfill that obligation. Majority voter.
are you in Mar-a-Lago collecting "donations" in order to successfully confirm all of Trump's picks? @GOP are greedy AF!
I thought you were an advocate against bullies here in IA. Great example you hypocrite
because they were actually qualified
Defending a Fracker from Oklahoma?...earthquakes increased 600 times! Sued EPA repeatedly. Vote NO! Phones ringing off hook!
Yeah because he clearly shouldn't have the post. American land protection is nonpartisan but you use it to divide. Shame.
This is not just picking sides. This nominee has a frightening record! Sharing recent email to you. #noDevos #blockPruitt
you should put that on Google Docs and send out open letter links to EVERYONE!
Please consider
Never dreamed VOTERS would see Republicans BELOW their CORRUPT corporations, religious FANATICS or military EXTREMISTS Admin.
Again, what did you do re Garland? GOP senators are masters of obstruction. Why was it OK for GOP, but not Dems?
if the President picked qualified people vs his loyal pets..maybe so many questions would not need to be asked #noDevos
Senator Ernst, please prioritize America's children over partisanship and campaign coffers of some of your colleagues.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE VOTE NO TO DeVos
You sold out the people of this state to toe the party line. That's our office you're in, and we're going to take it back.
Very disappointed in your support of Pruitt.
The previous administration did not nominate people who wanted to destroy the agency they are heading. And insider trading...
Pruitt is not compatible with clean water and clean air. We the People deserve better.
Ma'am:We the People believe that our children's education should be non-partisan. IDEA is proof. Vote No on DeVos.
Ma'am:We the People ask you to review the IDEA and fact Ms.DeVos doesn't know what it.is or how important. Vote No
Deplorable!
Dear Senator, please vote NO on DeVos. Investigate her failed experiment in MI. She is unqualified. Thank you. Co. Bluffs
let's not call names. Your constituents are listening and you're not doing yourself any favors.
Not as fun when your tactics are used against you? I'm saddened that you represent my gender. You're a waste
That should be a clue he's not qualified for the position.
Joni making America Flint Again. #senatorthatdoesn'tcarethatyouaredrinkingpoison
Follow your conscience like @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski
Did u come up w/ a way of combining DELAY w/ REPUBLICAN when Garland hearings were delayed until Obama left office? #hypocrite
That's because they actually hold people to things like 'standards,' 'ethics,' & 'book-learning,' unlike you.
Good; keep it up @SenateDems. By the way; that thing about 8 years of obstruction from Republicans..... #resist #indivisible.
We remember.  Going to be a LONG 4 years for republicans. @kmoc01 @SenJoniErnst @SenateDems #resist #Indivisible
And in case you needed a refresher #resist #Indivisible
perhaps b/c you are not listening to constituents #EPA/Pruitt/incompatible
Republicans OWN this now.  Whatever happens now is YOURS.  Essentially, your out of excuses...Get your shoulder pads!
well Obama didn't pick unqualified morons that most of Am. People disagreed with. Get used to it.
Actually, yes, yes he did. He appointed academics and lawyers to virtually every post. How is that "qualified?"
Good god you have an extremely short memory.  Rethuglicans invented obstruction over the last eight years. Karma!
No, Democrats invented the modern form of obstructionism when they were trying to prevent the Civil Rights Act.
That's funny. Different times, different parties.
Different times, same parties. Democrat Party just traded segregation for government dependency.
Ok, kyle
Nobody in Iowa voted for you to make their environment dirtier! Where is your moral compass?!
this has become a familiar tactic on both sides. So hard to find the middle ground or Common good anymore. #stopthenamecalling
