It was a bit ago, but I seem to recall your fondness for castrating hogs. Yet you suck up to, and live to to suck up to @POTUS. He gets to
keep those worthless marbles, and, perhaps you keep your seat. In the meanwhile, your constituents lose healthcare, and your financial back
-ers get a tax shave. Bravo, thou brave and honest creature of special interests! You will go down with Little Donnie Two-Scoops as a craven
example of what not to do when you gain a powerful seat. It is to be hoped that the people of your state realize this, and vote you out in a
landslide. I further hope to see you featured with tar, feathers, and a rail. Hugs & Kisses, Jay.
No mention of healthcare? You want to give the people good care? Give us the same plans you and your cronies negotiated for yourselves.
Talk to physicians who practices before and after ACA, we are going backwards as med knowledge goes forward. So much preventable now.
As a disabled woman, I implore you to vote no on the AHCA as it will make me immobile due to not having healthcare. #noonAHCA #pleasevoteno
The people's priority is to not get some toxic healthcare plan that @POTUS doesn't even understand.
PLEASE work with the democrats to fix our health care system. Is too important for one party do alone. Fix the ACA. Don't repeal only.
The people voted for u to repeal Obamacare. What changed?
Less than 30% of Iowans support your so-called priority of gutting health care. https://uw-media.desmoinesregister.com/amp/479841001 
Now you will have some extra time to decide not to cause nearly 150,000 Iowans to lose their heath coverage. Vote NO on BRCA. Start over.
Vote no on Trumpcare and save millions of lives
All these people commenting here did not vote for u. Iowa voted for you. Go back and refresh ur memory with what u promised. Execute now.
#FullRepeal #FreeMarket #UnitedForFreedom
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/887172147839414272 …
Please vote NO on the health care bill!! Iowa deserves better!
#FullRepeal
#UnitedForFreedom
@POTUS is too busy pimping his golf courses to read the TrumpCare bill.  Could you send him a picture book that explains it to him?
BCRA takes away employer based coverage protections. Nursing home less affordable. Hurts MIDDLE class, not lower class. Tell the truth
Work with democrats, make something better, pass it, claim victory. Not a partisan issue. GOP  would be praised. Is the right thing to do.
The people have overwhelmingly said that don't want millions without healthcare.  Are you going to listen to the people or play politics?
Keep your promise to #REPEALObamacare completely! #FreeMarketOnly! #UnitedforFreedom!
The best way for government to work for the "people's priorities" is to stop intruding in our priorities, especially healthcare!
People's priorities: Access to affordable health care; quality public education & investigate 45 Russian ties. Please protect our democracy
your priorities are NOT ours! medicare for all, no pre-existing conditions, lower Rx costs
Stop the crap. Get with it joni and stop being a Rhino and be a change agent. Help trump


So Joni, when will you stand up for yourself?!! Every Iowa representative is an embarrassment!!! #steveking
Want to be a hero? Champion Medicare for All. #medicareforall
Take out tax cuts for the rich. That is what is killing Medicaid. Then fix the ACA stabilizing the market. Either that or single payer
Senator, your colleague @ChuckGrassley is doing everything he can to show that his only loyalty is to the Trump admin. Are you the same?
The people of Iowa expect you to vote NO to trumpcare and leaving millions uninsured.
You already screwed Iowa by voting in Betsy Devos! You won't get voted back in!
Vote no on Trumpcare

It is infuriating that you would get elected and ignore major population. Democrat or Republican your comments are insulting vs behavior.
This video is a joke.  Your performance is old disingenuous crap the people are tired of hearing over the years.  Sounds like chuck too.
You mean like: why didn't DT Jr notify the FBI that a foreign government wanted to interfere in our Presidential election?
What did you do for 20 minutes a year ago?
The startups that need tax help & the middle class.
NO TAX CUTS for the wealthiest citizens.Corporations only pay ~12% w all the loopholes they have. They don't need tax cuts.Its
tax cuts to the wealthiest Americans. Tax Reform is not the same plan POTUS had announced. He was going to tax the wealthy. No
You are NOT working on the ppls priorities taking HC from millions & making it useless or unaffordable for the rest to give
Save Medicaid! The elderly, children and disabled are counting on you.
Joni, stay the course. We old Rangers need you.
Ralph you are wrong and apparently from Indiana.  I'm old too and don't need the same BS I have heard for more than 50 years.
Now if you guys would quit flying back and forth every week, that would be great. So much wasted money.
Please make looking out for Iowa kids your priority. Improve the ACA. Stand up to #BCRA, which hurts our kids, elderly, and disabled.
You know what's not a priority? Having a super-secret squirrel health care bill pushed through by one side. We prioritize full & open debate
People's priorities.. do you even care what they are?
Or hiding from your constituents. Telephone town hall w/ 5 questions, 8am town hall 90 min from Des Moines. Still can't say how you'd vote.
My priority is not losing our country to a bumbling Russian puppet crime family.
I think you meant "start" not "keep." Other than supporting Harley's bottom line haven't seen anything you have done.
vote NO on trumpcare!
To ram a healthcare bill down our throat?
If, by people's priorities, you mean a bill polling below 17%, you're better off going home. Just sayin'...
Come on now Joni, is it the people's priorities or the Kochs and Mercers? Time to listen to ALL Iowans and not just a chosen few.
How bout standing up for our democracy!!!
When will you denounce Trump and his family for colluding with the Russian's to undermine our election? I forgot; you only attack Democrats
You mean you couldn't get #wealthcare passed before July 4, now your peers are even more skeptical. Time for manipulation and arm twisting.
Don't you dare call taking insurance away from 20 mil the ppl's priority.   SHAME!
Yes it is nice that you are "Working" a Little more then 2 days a week !  It is So hard on you!
This might keep me from tearing up my voter registration card  .  Might !
And our priorities are to NOT have our healthcare taken away!! Do the right thing! 17% approval rate of new plan. That won't get u elected
Lack of Senate progress on so many things proves that you're not spending enough time together. Need longer weeks and months!
