he is against women's reproductive rights. Seriously.  I hope u get voted out.  Do u stand for women?  Or party line fascism?
It's becoming increasingly clear that @IowaGOP stands against women, children, air, water and for the donor class
I truthfully think as this people are voted out they will find their party dead for at least 2generations
*these
Voters will realize that Gorsuch has a history of ruling in favor of BIG CORPS NOT THE PEOPLE!
Enjoy the last two years of your job.
Resign. You don't support Iowas best interests.
Gorsuch 10 years ago is not Gorsuch now & being qualified for that post doesn't make him qualified for this one. Out of step
you want to be almighty and righteous now??  Guess what not EVERYONE in Iowa shares your views!  Start listening !
Yes, the people spoke last November & almost 3 million of them voted against this regime - Gorsuch's decisions are atrocious
Neil Gorsuch #notfit for Supreme Court Judges temper passions A check on extremes left and right. Gorsuch is 2 extreme
Yes on Gorsuch, no on Bannon. Please.
yeah, if we have to choose...
I expect the Democrats to extend the same grace and consideration that was shown to Obama's nomination for this seat
In the past I have respected both you and Senator Grassley. My respect is gone, to the extent that I am considering leaving IA
Your term will soon be coming to an end. Iowa will remember this.
true statement!!
NOW is the time to come together? Republicans did nothing but obstruct the last administration. What comes around goes around.
Progressives have been to eager to work together for too long-DONE
and as you represent me, I expect you to hold your party's line for the last year and refuse to confirm him. #stolenseat
Zing!
Only have 253 days left to wait.
Interested in your thoughts on Merrick Garland
Neil Gorsuch supports so-called “religious freedom” laws that legalize discrimination. This does NOT represent Iowa!
Judge Gorsuch repeatedly shown does NOT support all Americans equally. Must be SCjudge without bias, consider carefully
#Garland #Obstruction #republicanhypocrite
If the bar is the voice of the people and "emminent qualification" then you admit that the GOP should have confirmed Garland.
Gorsuch No, Garland YES. Remind Mitch McConnell of that! He was proud to keep a vote from happening for Garland!
he is a friend of trump's so won't be impartial
Bothers me that he was the president of "Fascism Forever Club" in school.  Reminds me of white supremacist Bannon.  
What comes around goes around. Where was this Tweet the last time a nominee was made?
You haven't EVER worked "together" as we expected. Enjoy your glory days...2018 will be your reckoning!
Sen Joni Ernest, you ask that Senate Democrats play nice with Trump's pic for supreme court judge. Mitch McConnell didn't!
@SenateGOP no way
NO REGARD FOR YOU WHAT SO EVER!!
@SenateGOP your constituents expected you to work together the last 8 years.
The hypocrisy within the GOP is simply SHAMEFUL. What about your treatment of Merrick Garland? America will protest
to bad u tbad repukes dont &  didnt do ur consutitinoal job tho like all the time rump putin pimpn u to
Merrick Garland could have done too, how much of a hypocrite can you be and still look in a mirror? #BlockGorsuch
Well said.
after all your party line votes on inexperienced, unqualified nom's who lied and hid things your opinion=worthless
@SenateGOP This kind of defeats the purpose of Twitter. Try MySpace instead.
Then DO NOT put through Sessions. We know his white supremacy ideals are not fit for the post of AG.
Well said Senator Ernst.
@SenateGOP I don't think so Joni on Supreme Court nominee Gorsuch. @SenateDems JUST SAY NO. STAY UNITED. FIGHT
time to work together 8 years ago but GOP decided couldn't let the black guy do good oooohhhh noooo might get more
In reviewing his record it is clear  he puts corporations above individuals - he is not a good choice for the U.S.
.@SenJoniErnst @SenateGOP Garland was qualified also and you did not give him a chance. You reap what you sow.
@SenateGOP colleges is for all. No exception. Raised wrong. Sentence belongs to parents she need both. Educate together.
So sad for Iowa when both our Senators are hypocrites.  These years will go down in history as corrupt.
perfect keep on doing what you do.  The Rs have more Governors and Legislatures than ever push the agenda through.
Since you can't read, how would you know what's in his case summaries?
you're right. The people spoke and the majority is against a Trump SCOTUS pick.
In fact the majority also disapproves of Trump so yes the people have spoken but clearly your partisanship has made you deaf.
you're a hypocrite.   No vote for you in 2018.
Doesn't look like the maj of the people agree. We'll be ready next election. Learned that lesson. Where were you with Garland?
cool, have a statement on why our state has taken a 180 turn from governor Ray's (also Repub) policy of welcoming refugees?
Supreme Court Judges have to be fair and impartial with no political agenda.
So was Obama's Pick!
"time for Washington to work together" - pretty hypocritical don't you think? Where was that attitude for Judge Garland?
You're delusional if you really believe that. How dare you ruin our futures to tow the party line
This is a STOLEN seat, the majority of VOTERS wanted someone else, and Gorsuch is an EXTREMIST. 

VOTE NO on confirmation.
How did an extremist get a unanimous vote from some of the same @TheDemocrats for the federal appears court?
Politeness I suppose. But looking at his positions puts him to the right of Scalia. That's extreme!
This vote doesn't change 5-4 though. This isn't the right time for fight? 2 more coming in 4 years
When is the right time? The high ground is protest re: stolen seat. That's reason enough, IMO.
The nuclear option would allow for Repubs to get simple majority. Guaranteed change on court. 
So...guaranteed change if you vote for...guaranteed change if you vote against. +
That's the seat they really want to flip to reliably conservative.
yes, the people spoke.  The people spoke that they wanted Hillary Clinton. Why does the GOP keep making the wrong argument?
What people? The 92 counties? If you want do the popular vote stuff, why do the @GOP have 36 governorships?
All you care about is the GOP. You have never tried to work with Democrats.
Where was your willingness to work together last year when the seat was open then?
The majority of people spoke by NOT voting for Trump.
Republicans Blocked Obama 8 Years Democras can do it for 4
...you should have worked together to approve Merrick Garland.
I feel like most of this statement applied 9 months ago.
You lie. You have NO interest in working together. You are nothing but a bread bag wearing partisan hack.
"The people" were the ones who didn't vote for @POTUS ... By 3 million. Biggest popular vote loser of all time. #Shame
We can wait 4 years for a Democrat! When you get Voted Out!
if you were concerned about constituent opinion you would've filled this position when it opened months ago
Ahem, a year ago
Sorry, no… it’s unfair to paint it this way. Garland was a moderate and you couldn’t play nice. Hard to expect anything.
You blocked President Obama for years but now it's time for us to just follow what the GOP wants to do?  Good luck with that.
Democrat need to Stand up & Block & Stop getting walked over!
So I am glad to know that you are against Citizens United and Hobby Lobby decision.
