Do you punish your students when their parents break a law?
For Gods sake, you really know nothing about DACA do you?  Cmon, this is seriously your answer?
Wow, you are a teacher? Disgusting
Thank you for your hard work Senator Ernst! So proud to have you representing in Iowa, supporting the President and GOP values.
AKA, white supremacy
Right. Because half the country that voted for Trump is a Nazi and racist because of white privilege  This is why Trump wins again in 2020
The more the MSM and you keep labeling people that aren't racist or Nazi's as such; the more you'll lose elections. #OutOfTouch #Deplorable
We hope this means that you are willing to work across the aisle to come up with a solution that equals immigration reform. #DoYourJob
Rule of law?!? AYFKM? You didn't care about the "rule of law" when Sessions perjured himself twice. How about pardoning Arpiao?
Rule of law? Like pardoning Arpaio?
Ah thanks. I knew I was probably spelling it wrong but dgaf about that racist criminal.
Didn't notice spelling...lol. Call him racist MF if you'd like.
Considering other than native Americans we are all in a sense immigrants what's problem not white enough for you? More racist bs
Sign on with Durbin and Graham and pass their DACA bill. And, yes, there has to be citizenship involved at the end of the day.
This statement is meaningless, you're a Trump puppet, you don't care about your constituents. #DoYourJob
It is incumbent upon YOU to act, and if you do not you will have been complicit in a disgraceful act.
Wow, another GOP non- statement statement. 
Rule of Law, my ass.
That's not really a statement at all.
So these "Dreamers" can serve our country in the military, possibly die, but not have security of citizenship? Shame on you. Shame on #GOP.
You're really not saying anything Joni. Cuz when push comes to shove you will cave and do whatever your party demands you to do
"Through no fault of their own" and they have pristine records.  You clearly do not support the path to citizenship.   Heartless
What about the young people in our workforce and military who will be affected by #DACA? Will you turn your back on fellow soldiers?
Only words again. Time to put those words into action.
You talk more than anyone I know, but somehow manage to say less than anyone I know at the same time.
Thank you for taking all sides on this issue and not really saying anything.
@SenJoniErnst is just one more toe the line #GOP.As a veteran,she thinks its ok they be sent to war,but not have the security of citizenship
That's almost word for word what the governor of IA said, too. Do either of you think independently or are your words written for you?
So if they are not at fault live here obey laws have established residency for many years why not make them citizens
Explain why you don't support giving them citizenship?  I'm curious.
So is that statement a way to try to satisfy your constituents but what you're really saying is your support this kicking them out
Bravo, senator!
Quite the non- statement... very typical of you @SenJoniErnst Be bold for once and support these children who only know the US as home.
Hoping this can be lead into Congress working together for the good of all.  We need reasonable immigration, health care and tax changes!
Path to citizenship should be a priority.  Please reconsider
If these children, now adults, are contributing members, why can they not be given citizenship? this is their country too.
You like @ChuckGrassley  @RepRodBlum are just an embarrassment to the great state of Iowa. Election time cannot get here soon enough.
Those taxes they pay? Student loan payments? Who will and how do you expect them to be reimbursed? The consequences to our country immense.
Please get it done.  Great statement
Maybe you should hear words of Reagan & Bush on immigration & children of those who came here illegally. #compassion
Reagan And Bush Sure Sound Different On Immigration Than Today's Field - Newsy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBWUOOzuWIY … @karenhunter Show @SXMUrbanView 126
Also. Your family took 500000 of our tax dollarsfor your farm.entitlements.kicked little children out of SNAP and school lunch. So so sad.
You have the nerve to say you adhere to our laws. Explain how your hubby received a lot of$ when you were county auditor. You approved
Why should they not be allowed a path to citizenship??as you said it is no fault of their own
Why don't you support a legal path to citizenship?
What "issue" do you mean? You went back and forth so much, it's difficult to discern your position on Trump's announcement. Please be clear.
A typical politician response...better get off your butt and not treat this like the healthcare bill.
Children of illegal immigrants are born on American soil and deserve a path to citizenship.
Are you a Christian? If so, then act like one.
@joniernst is a Trump Christian. In other words, a #hypocrite
What the hell does this statement mean? A bunch of empty words.
Are you gonna lead the charge and reach across the aisle????
If you agree "no fault of their own" why cannot they be granted citizenship?
Joni Joni Joni, you're a real piece of  #lastTerm
Why does Donnie hate brown people sooo much?
There should be a pathway to citizenship.  You can legislate a solution. Have courage to do your job #DefendDREAMers
You didn't actually say anything in your "statement".
Give them some type of way to citizenship yep reward law breakers.  If you do make them go to the end of the line to get it for years.
#solve lol
Thank you and I hope Congress does the right thing!
They've done just as much as you to earn citizenship.
That's a whole lotta words to say nothing. What the hell do you propose? We'll make you squeal in the next election. #DefendDREAMers
So where's your bill?  You propose nothing but vague platitudes.
A bit weasel-y, but a hint of humanity lacking in most of heartless #TrumpGOP . A #cruel decision. Zero Christian Family Values #SaveDACA
Senator-There is no compassion in the GOP for the poor, working class and immigrants of this nation. #DACAWorks
where is the plan to replace the 47,000 iowans healthcare policies being terminated by aetna on 12.31.17 JONI??.........priorities JONI!
That a great statement BUT how can you do both ? As you say we are a nation of laws. IF you are not born here U have to apply 4 citizenship.
It is appalling that you do not support a path to citizenship. DACA folks are model citizens and offer our country so much. Shame on you!
I hate when people post pictures of text.  You do this in your home too?
Why don't you support a path to citizenship, Senator? DACA recipients are required to be educated with no criminal record.
(1/2)
#DACA
These are friends, neighbors, & family members. They contribute to our society & economy. For many, America is the only home they've known
2
Whole lotta nothing there...
Thank you for the strong statement. Please put your words into action by leading on this in Congress. Will you cosponsor S.1615 (DREAM act)?
it would be great if you guys would show some compassion to the legal immigrants who are being treated worse than these illegals are
Why do so many @GOP Senators and Representatives care more for these criminal aliens than American citizens? Build the wall.
