Your not helping Iowans, we can see the way your voting.    Disgraceful
If you really believe you're voting the will of your constituents you would release your office contact stats re this bill.
She also wouldn't have been afraid to have town halls either. She is a coward
She had a "telephone town hall' and she wouldn't take MY question - because I don't support her position of ripping away our healthcare!
@RepDavidYoung was the same way
I heard you voted against repeat.  Did I hear correctly?
Joni have you been around the state soliciting comments from all - not everyone hates the current healthcare.
You ma'am are a fraud. You don't care about Vets, the elderly, disabled, or children. You're where you are because of Kochs and SuperPACS.
We know what the approval rating of repeal is in Iowa. You didn't vote for what constituents wanted. You voted for what big donors wanted.
how many of your constituents called in support of ripping away their healthcare?Not brave enough to release them?!#ACARepeal
Update: Still haven't heard anything on my FOIA request. Sent requests to both @ChuckGrassley @SenJoniErnst.
Wow! Good for you. Let us know what you hear.
Sure will
You didn't listen to Iowans. I'll work hard to vote you out.
actually, she did... more than one opinion you say? 
Patricia, honey, you are clearly in the minority here.
 with a statement like that, obviously
ultimately the maj leader can amend everything so the debate doesn't matter
ACA is Obamacare is Romneycare. It's time to work on a non-partisan solution & making the necessary changes to the ACA for success. Vote NO!
Setting America back to where women are nothing. How can you support such hate for women
You're about as corrupted as Trump and are nothing more than a McConnell puppet.  It's about getting rid of anything Obama, not about Iowans
As a constituent, I don't feel that is progress.  You need to use regular order, and create decent legislation, THEN we'll support it & you!
Don't do it!! Iowans & Americans need affordable healthcare!!
@SenJoniErnst please keep our Alzheimer's research funding!  We need this to find a cure!  @ALZIMPACT #ENDALZ.
No, it was a step backward. The majority of American's want YOU to work at making the necessary changes to the ACA. The BCRA is a disaster!
To be clear voting to debate a bill you haven't even seen yet is a step backward
And making these decisions that affect thousands of Iowans without info is irresponsible and will result in actual Iowa deaths.
Your wrong on the death part though. Please don't listen to crazies about that. Single payer is what will cause death.
you had the chance to represent iowans and you chose the wealthy and insurance companies instead. shame on you.
What a medical case this is
repeal the mandates
You haven't given any solid ideas on reforming healthcare. Missing opp 2step forward to be advocate for the vulnerable.
I'm glad it did not pass. I have a preexisting condition
Make changes to ACA. Obama was pres for healthcare bill.Repeal & replace looks racist, uncaring and financial ignorant. gop is embarrassing
Women do not look kind upon their country losing healthcare coverage. We will remember.
Well the problem is people not women.  And single layer is bad news for all people. Gees care bigger please.
And we will remember this when you run for re-election.  Enjoy your first and ONLY term.

Let's see you step up and value the health of Americans. What do you value, Senator? Stabilize ACA and keep it!
Joni hang in there. If Obamacare continues I won't have insurance because companies will continue to pull out.
I have a special place in my black heart for those who would harm their sisters and children. A deal is a deal. 30 pieces of silver for you!
Today, you took the big step towards one term as a Senator. You are choosing party over Iowans.
You mean you voted to close rural hospitals and let Iowans die?  I just heard u drop by another point...2020 can't come soon enuf.
Thanks to all who are putting in the effort to get this right!
I wouldn't be bragging- Karma is a bitch and midterms are coming. #SaveACA #NeverRepeal #FireGOP2018
Beyond sickening. I'm going to need the ACA even more now as you and Chuck are making me ill.
I am ashamed of you.  Your vote was the deciding vote to take health care away from 20+ million people.  #Shame
It doesn't matter if it's just to debate..your leading the sheep to slaughter, it's just the first step and your the one pushing from behind
How can you look at yourself in the mirror... knowing that 20+ Million will lose health care? You voted to kill them..not someone else.. You
I must reiterate following the party line will be destructive to citizens & the economy. Please repair #ACA, not repeal it. Bravely Vote No!
Did you have bread bags on your feet when you took that step?
You are not working for Iowans when you voted today. Stop letting the president threaten your 2018 election.
Can't wait until you're  up for re-election.
Great! Convince a Dem to put forth amendments people need, not based in partisan politics! 50 "no" votes/deplorable! People are suffering!
How many people call you to say yes or no to this healthcare?? Transparency would be great!
5/ abundantly clear that you do not care about our most vulnerable citizens
4/ learn to be left handed. He has vision loss. He relies on Medicaid to attend school, to receive additional therapies. You have made it
3/ Brain when he was 6. He had to learn to speak again. He had to learn his sisters' names again. He had to learn to walk again. He had to
2/ margin of victory. We will not forget this vote. We will remind you every day. My son suffered a spontaneous rupture of an AVM in his
1/ You don't know that what you voted for won't raise premiums 1000% The number of Iowans that could lose insurance is greater than your
What's next Ernst? Drowning kittens?
I'll be moving out of Iowa over the weekend. I look forward to not having you as my Senator anymore.
This should get you Voted out of Office! One good Thing will come from your Vote!
#Pitchforks.
The Republicans get Dumber and Dumber! And Meaner and Meaner!
You just Voted to Kill Thousands of Iowans And End the GOP when the People see the Damage you have Done!
Thought you had not decided. Still reading bill .. you took a step backwards with constituents
#retirement2018
Senator, you've had years to debate and offer alternatives. All today did was show how morally bankrupt 50 of you are. #ByeByeIn2020
Thank you! Paying for maternity care at age 63 was a bitter pill!  I look forward to the debate!
And I'll be the one paying for your nursing home care long before I'll need it for myself. That's how insurance works.
Thank you for pointing out the obvious. Not sure why so many are stuck on this nonsense/haven't a clue.
Wrong
Senator stick my fingers in my ears and say I can't hear you over and over. You're a disgrace.
You lie. You lie about health insurance and you lie about trump.
Who are you going to blame when rural hospitals close? Didn't the Kochs warn you?
412 #Doctors STOLE $1.1 #BILLION UNDER #OBAMECARE How Many @SenateDems  TOOK #election CASH from Same Docs. @SenatorMenendez DID #WTF
All I want is healthcare that works & insurance that covers. It ALWAYS seems to fail. Please keep at it & find a way for Ins to cover ills!
Americans do not want to pay more for less care. I don't want children or grandparents to die for a tax cut. No.
Thank you Senator!
For what?! Tell us. Please.
One small step forward for the GOP, one giant leap off a cliff for healthcare in the US.
One-term Senator, @SenJoniErnst One-term Senator.
You will not get my vote in the future.
You need to lose your insurance as well. Shame on you!!  Hope your family stays healthy or at least has insurance. Shame.
Coward. From MTP to vote w no public hearings, no Dem input, no credence given to patient advocacy grps, no updated CBO. This is a farce.
You're going down in history (if remembered at all) as a party whore who sold out Iowans/Americans. Here's what real debate looks like...
Shame on you!
That's one "step forward" and 22 million back. Choices: 1)ration care or 2)improve efficiency. How sad when you choose 1 over 2. WWJD?
So, what is it you're voting to debate?
Shouldn't this have read, "Today we made the mistake of...."
Who do you think your constituents are? Your irresponsibility & craven behavior will reap electoral consequences.
You did NOT listen to your constituents, @SenJoniErnst. You're a disgrace. Iowa deserves better.

Shame.
Iowans deserve better, @SenJoniErnst. Call 1-844-311-1880 to remind her to #VoteNo on every #ACA repeal bill. #ProtectOurCare
Just vote to repeal it! And then concentrate on how to reduce the cost of medical rates.  No need to replace it
It is not a step forward to ignore the thousands of voices of hard working Iowans.
Thank you! The premium increases are killing families! Time to #RepealOrBeReplaced Be sure your colleagues know how determined we are #MAGA
You're a bot.
Hello .@SenJoniErnst - if you're trying to kill Americans, why don't you and the rest of the .@GOP ask Putin to poison our water supply?
You voted on something you haven't seen that will most likely cut care for millions of elderly, disabled, and kids. You are great! SMH
Yours is the face of cowardice. Shame on you.
https://twitter.com/imillhiser/status/889664780084137986 …
Joni Ernst needs to voted out.
u should be shoring up the exchange instead of throwing granny out of the nursing home!
You and your brood get the best free healthcare in America, yet you want to take paid healthcare away from millions. Please #RESIGN
Hopefully not with the shitty bills presented so far.
Shameful
It's so good to see your stance on this subject. I've called and called waiting and now AFTER your vote we know your stance! Unacceptable!!
You heard from thousands of people from Iowa & across this country that were DEAD SET AGAINST this bill & still YOU think you know better!
This new bill better live up to the hype & be everything Trump promised in the campaign! coverage,  costs, every1 covered no caps!
Oh, Gail. That'll never happen.
I'm afraid you're right...
You know what you must do.
You are a traitor
Kind of wish you'd have missed this vote 2020 #Guilty50
You mean you took a step BACKWARDS! Thought you had integrity Joni but instead you blindly follow.
I'm curious Mrs. Ernst, are you listening to the people of Iowa, or you just being a follower?
Choosing to support policy that will decrease the # of Iowans with healthcare & freeing insurers to offer junk insurance is not "forward".
Why do you continue to work towards taking away health care from those that need it most? #iagov #iapolitics #iagop
I will never understand how politicians who call themselves Christian can read the Gospels and then treat the poor and the sick like dirt.
if you can't come up with your own plan, why not just fix what's in place? Instead of shrugging off the lives of your constituents..
You refused to reach across the aisle and work with a single democrat on this.  You've forever lost my respect and my vote.
Vote of no confidence in Ernst.
Sen please vote NO on whatever bill comes of this debate. We know it'll take healthcare from millions, and Iowans want you to vote NO
Trump promised better health ins lower premiums & deductibles & every1 will have coverage. I expect that if you repeal ACA. Promises count!
Start off with amendment to strip Congress of its health insurance so it can be free.


#SinglePayerNow
How can you say it's a step forward when you don't know what's in the bill?
Today we took a step forward and voted to allow the full Senate to begin debate over repealing & replacing ObamaCare https://www.ernst.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=FC96AC42-CF84-4ACE-A88D-C38EAAC752FF …
Because the Koch Brothers told her so.
Why wasn't the full Senate allowed to participate in crafting and hearings? Why did you reward this behavior?
Because she's beholden to her corporate masters. Vote her out.
And betrayed your constituents, especially elderly, disabled and children. Shame on you!
You should be ashamed to consider this bill which will hurt so many citizens
Haven't seen any racist Obama posts by your husband lately - did you take away his computer?
Who's her husband??
Yep, Mr. Ernst bragged about how he was going to kill his ex-wife and watch her running in the yard in blood. Shoot her again if he missed.
And wasn't he married when he and Joni started 'going out'?
I've heard rumors of that, but just can't believe he would publicly brag on FB about shooting the mother of his 2 oldest kids. Sick father.
Selling out millions of Iowans is a step forward?? coward.
