What are you going to do about this President? Get him out of office now!
The President said there were some 'very good people' at the white supremacist rally. You agree? If not what are you going to do about it?
Then root out racism from the White House, Senator. The GOP stood by and let them hijack your party.
Hiding. Not good enough. When will you disavow the leader of your party, Trump, his actions & his Nazi friends? Will the mil obey his orders
Now do this, along w/unequivocally ending your support for the president & rest of admin who encourages it.
We call on the President to take the steps to remove Steve Bannon – well-known white supremacist leader – from his team of advisers. .@CNN
Tweets by Joni signed JKE?  You can't say this yourself?
My father and uncles fought in WWII AGAINST Nazis. I'm retired mil. Your weasel words do not condem the man giving aid/comfort to Nazis,KKK.
Glad you recognized it as racism & called it such. Call on other leaders, incl POTUS to do so, and don't support racist political agendas.
However, it apparently does have a place in the White House.
You support hate, racism, Nazis & supremacists with your votes & total support of Trump / Pence. If you think it has no place then resign.
Spine-up!! Homegrown terrorists as Neo-Nazis is our PGOTUS' & GOP/Putin legacy. Democracy first! Requires more than 140 characters from U!!
Why can't you call out the President, you miserable coward?
Are you calling Senator Ernst a "miserable coward?" Wow. That's all. Wow.
Yup. Afraid of crossing President. Knows he is wrong, will not say it. Her statement is a half-measure, and it is cowardly.
Her statement is not cowardly, nor is it half-measured. You no doubt have a LOUD case of the backside w/ ANYTHING not clearly left. Got it.
just vague enough not to get the president to launch a tweetstorm against you.
Please as our elected official stand up to the President and tell him this is unacceptable and deplorable.
OUR President Trump is completely against racism & violence.Tell The republicans in DC to stand with POTUS on this. Oh, & get to work.
Thank you. Now please denounce the president for what he said yesterday.
You're in the wrong party, Joni. Racist hatred is all that President Obama got from the GOP for 8 years. You all brought this on yourselves.
Yet you support racist voter ID laws designed to keep blacks from the polls. You can't have it both ways.
Empty nothing burger statement. Your words mean nothing, your actions prove everything. #GOP is #whitesupremecist #antiWomen
I agree with POTUS
if you feel so strongly, where is your statement and action to denounce POTUS statements of yesterday?
You realize that that racist hatred that has no place in our society exists in the white house right now? I need to hear you say that.
If you won't say that, and if you still stand by trump then you by association are a Nazi sympathizer.
Grassley
@realDonaldTrump   Say his name: Donald Trump

Trump: “You had a group on one side that was bad, and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent” 
yet you voted for Jeff Sessions as AG.  Too racist to be a judge.
That's... Kind of ok. I mean, what you said. 
I wish you could just say"Nazis are bad". 
Not eloquent, but clear. 
Maybe give RepKing a call
White supremacists!! Say it with is Joni!
You support this hatred by supporting the president. You share the blame.
You own it
Please work hard to protect voting rights and to remove the white supremacists working in the White House
hold your president accountable. He brought the white nationalists to White House. He emboldens them. Hold him responsible.
YOUR president hasn't condemned it as terrorism, Senator. You and your conference should withhold all support for his agenda until he does.
#complicit
You are talking about Trump & GOP Base !
Well the Guy You Support is the Biggest Racist! Trump!  Trump is embodying the Racist!
Can they walk all the way to PA Ave to meet there leader for dinner at the WH? 95N all the way. BIG WHITE HOUSE on the right
You created this . You must own this. This statement means nothing.
Senator, I have been one of your strongest critics but I commend you for speaking out against this vile act of cowardice
Vocalize same to our president
It has a place: the white house. @realDonaldTrump , Bannon, Miller, Gorka. You don't care, Joni. You've ignored the warning signs.
Then stop supporting them.
Seems to have plenty of room in your party though.
You and your ilk including trump, inspired these creeps. You own this. #Charlottesville #WhiteSupremacists #domesticterrorism #ImpeachTrump
Tell it to all the libtard protesters who take to the streets and cause mayhem. No sympathy.
Good statement. Thank you. - From another American
Also fueled by racist fear. Many alt right wore helmets, flack jackets, leather gloves some with brass knuckles. Ready for violence.
Indeed. So if we could stop hating people based on their skin color (regardless of what skin color that is) that would be awesome.
You have no place in this society. Buh bye.
Thank you for calling it like it is
And the racist hatred has no place in our society. It may always exist, but it cannot be tolerated.
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; /1
Good start, but you enabled this hate being thrust into the center of the Republican party. What will you DO now?
BLOOD on YOUR HANDS ernst
BLOOD on YOUR HISTORY ernst
BLOOD on YOUR HANDS ernst
BLOOD on YOUR HISTORY ernst
TRUE EVIL & YOU are COMPLCIT
Your words are helpful. Your actions of support for POTUS are not.
Because obviously supporting President Trump helps Hitler win. /wrist
Then impeach Trump now.
Then do your job at go over to WH and tell him it is time to go. Talk is cheap you and your fellow congress men and woman are weak
This is a good start, Joni. Will you be calling for the removal of White Supremacists from the White House? Actions speak louder than words.
You have been complicit.  You are as equally responsible as 45
Yet you supported a birther for president.
It is also fueled by Soros paying Antifa. Soros is a huge threat to democracy.
You are just as responsible shame
Repeat after me, Senator:  Nazis, white supremacists, alt-right, KKK Trump followers.  Note the pucture.
Do you equally condemn the Leftist domestic terrorists known as Antifa, as well as the racist right-wing thugs?
who did Antifi murder in a terrorist attack today?  Own your side - stop with the deflection.
Tell that to your racist congressman from Northwest Iowa.
So glad it took you like 6 hours to tweet this.
Stop saying you abhor racism and are still complicit in suppressing minority voters. #votersuppression
Hate against whites, that is. As much as I disagree with the hate group, BLM, they have a right to march, so do these idiot white supremists
thanks for the unequivocal statement, but --THEN STOP SUPPORTING THE PRESIDENT WHO ENABLES IT.
Thank you for speaking out against hatred. We have to do better.
Technically, she spoke out against violence, not hatred. But I hope she meant both.
