The violence in #Charlottesville that is fueled by racist hatred has no place in our society. (1/2)
You and your party own this Joni!
Then DO SOMETHING about it. You were elected to the senate to listen to your people and make a difference. Now. Is. Your. Chance.
Uh... Almost 24 hours since your president went off the rails. Care to comment?
@POTUS @POTUS The hatred, racism and violence is inspired by @POTUS Unless he @RealDonaldTrump is Impeached I fear it will continue unabated
Joni, he defended literal Nazis as some being "good people" at the news conference today. Do you agree with him?
He is a Nazi sympathizer.
well that's a pathetic response...what about what Trump said?
If you are not against him, you are with him.
Don't just tweet about it. Grow a spine and fight back.
You're right we can't. Problem is that you still support our racist President. Your words are empty without action to back them up.
If you don't support Nazi and white supremacists how can you give continued support to the POTUS? IMPEACH now before more blood is shed!
Where is your statement denouncing the presidents acceptance of the KKK & Nazi's?
U took an #Oath twice to protect and serve this Nation and it's people. Now U need to do your job and #ImpeachTrump
Time to take a stronger stance against Trumps support of hate groups, Senator. You look complicit...
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
Be brave; make a statement against unAmerican, racist remarks of Trump. He is no longer your commander in chief. Represent IA
#WomenLead Impeach now. The country needs you to step up. Will you?
Nothing more after your man defends Nazis @senjoniernst? You and your party are Cowards. And implicitly nazis for allowing this to continue
1 of your constituents here. Trump has to go Joni. Republicans need to do the right thing.
Thank you, Senator Ernst.
You need to act to impeach this man. He is dangerous and unstable and a racist. Words aren't enough.
#Impeachtrump 
#Impeachtrump 
#Impeachtrump 
#Impeachtrump 
#Impeachtrump 
#Impeachtrump 
#Impeachtrump 
#Impeachtrump 
#Impeachtrump
Then you need to denounce the false equivalencies put forward by the president.
Events in Charlottesville today were predictable and in fact, predicted. You can't support this POTUS, staff & AG and also condemn racism.
Agreed! Applaud ur stance @SenJoniErnst but seems bit contradictory 2 support a president who just defended the KKK & Nazis. #Iowa #IA01
Now that @realDonaldTrump has doubled down on his false equivalency and defended Nazis, will you agree he must go? #25thAmendmentNow

Dear Republican leaders: The moment is now,  Speak out or go down in history as a coward! 
Senator, I am a constituent. Will you stand by and say nothing while the President compliments white supremacists and Nazis?
You own this guy
Trump: “You had a group on one side that was bad, and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent” 
Your guy help lead the way for them~ stand up to hate,  bigotry and racism-he is nor will he ever be my voice-stop bans walls and hate

Well then quit your support of '45! He has incited the violence we have seen!#Charlottsville Impeach
Have you ever gone to one of @SteveKingIA rallies?
Why do you sit and let Donald talk more shit about the free press than a fucking Nazi??? #LastTerm
Stop kissing white supremacist leaders, Joni.
Thanks for these words, @SenJoniErnst , but they're meaningless until  you demand that YOUR POTUS call out this enemy by name.
I fear it is too little too late. Repubs have courted these types of  folks for years - Trump exalting & empowering white supremacist
Thank you @SenJoniErnst
Your @POTUS is a Nazi and there are other known Nazis in the White House (Bannon, Gorka, Miller). It's on you m'aam. https://twitter.com/Lilyachttty/status/896464203900264448 …
It was @DrDavidDuke who carried @POTUS over the finish line.  You're only now realizing that was a bad idea?
Be part of the solution and not part of the problem. Stop supporting this racist  administration, Nazi in the WH! #wewillrememberin2020
We cannot stand for a POTU who will not condemn these acts as racist&terrorism.  Bannon, Miller and Gorka must be removed  from the WH
This is on you until you stop being a rubber stamp for Trump and his administration.
Words mean nothing.
Great, now do something about it in Washington or these words are useless.
White supremacists are Trump's base. GOP and Trump linked.
Congratulations.
your public denouncement of the events in #Charlottesville is the right thing to do.

Follow the $$ from dad to grandpa Drumpf & those eras
@realDonaldTrump has no place in our society
#DoSomething
stop taking money from the mercers.
Call it what it is ! C'mon Joni you can squeal it, White Supremacist.
Senator this is caused by the extremist wing of your party.
So please DO something about it!  Talk is cheap
You know why these people felt free to do what they did. The president must be impeached immediately.
indivisible?
You stand beside @realDonaldTrump and his staff of white nationalist advisors. You are part of the problem. Too late to feign outrage.
Demand Steve Bannon be fired, senator.
Walk your big talk, Joni. We remember your words, actions, and encouragements.Wish I could believe this tweet was not just posturing.
You and your party have been stirring this hatred for a long time in order to get votes. You are partially responsible. Own it.
Then denounce  the white nationalists, you are judged by the company you keep.
Too late - reap the whirlwind that you've helped to sow
This is your fault. You allowed trump to spew hate and bigotry. There is blood on your hands Senator. May God forgive you.
Except you voted for it.
Thank you, Senator.
Sen. Ernst, you of all people know what to do with supremacist pigs, don't you?
You might mention this to YOUR president
Will Senator Ernst&other GOP congressmen&leaders in 1 voice say POTUS fell far short in his comments & that he should try again w/humility?
There you go. Thanks for acknowledging the truth. We need amended open carry laws, too. Assault rifles are intimidation.
Thank You Senator Ernst.
Actually, "under God" was added to the Pledge of Allegiance when Eisenhower ws prez & only because of the Soviet Union.
You're wrong. We are VERY divided right now. By not outright condemning these Nazi terrorists, you are part of the problem.
So what are you going to do about it?
You support a fascist in the White House. You knew: birther, attacks Mexicans and Muslims, sexual assault, and you still support. Complicit.
Please explain how your ideals match with those of the Nationalist Party?
Talk to Steve King lately? He's gots calves the size of cantaloupes, or so I've heard. Oh - and @blue_bunny loves him.  #boycott
Then why do you support trump? Why is he the leader of the R party? You can't have it both ways. It's time to denounce trump.
You built this, Republican
Joni, 
I agree completely that we cannot stand for this...however how is it that you vote with someone of the Nationalist Party?
So what are you going to DO? Bannon/Gorka in the White House. KKK declaring love for Trump. What action will you take? Tweets change nothing
Thank you. We need bipartisan hearings on who they are, who's organizing/funding them, and how they have no place in our society
Get DT put of our WH!!!
How do you explain slavery then?  Didn't God exist then?
Oh I bet you WILL stand for this terrorism. This is what your party has become.
Sorry but when you add "under God" you're dividing us. A full quarter of the US don't believe & many others don't worship the God of Abraham
Thank you! As an Iowan I appreciate you making this statement. Nazis are the epitome of evil and oppression!
Excuse me, but didn't you threaten to shoot government employees? Look, you're complicit. You support the Nazi in the WH.
Yeah, joni...remember 2nd amendment solutions?
Thank you.  Please say this directly to the President.  We need to save our country from this hate
Thank you Senator for taking a stand on this.
It appears we are divisible.  Why haven't you called this behavior out before?  Work towards a more perfect union, justice, not theocracy
E pluribus unum.  Honor the intent of our FFs by calling us a secular nation. Not under your God,or anyone else's.
Then senator why isn't Trump from your party not calling these Nazi terrorists out? Hold Trump accountable or is being GOP more important?
You support a racist Administration. Point invalid.
BLOOD on YOUR HANDS ernst
BLOOD on YOUR HISTORY ernst
BLOOD on YOUR HANDS ernst
BLOOD on YOUR HISTORY ernst
TRUE EVIL & YOU are COMPLICIT
Birther started it all. Trump is ur guy! He wanted ppl on stretchers. Remember?? Now u get ur GOP Great Leader's wish. So sad!
Trump has Gorka, Bannon, and Miller. U condone them. Shame on GOP and the party of Trump and David Duke. Shameful! He is a sick Man U r with
Well Joni Ernst, I recall you shooting Obamas healthcare bill with your rifle...an act that was hateful & threatening from my perspective!
Trump has a New KKK and u say nothing about them? U support by condoning hate against ppl standing up to racist GOP. White supremacy stinks!
Out of many, one.  That is our motto.  Thank you for your statement.  What will you do to fight this?
Senator, it;s urgent @realDonaldTrump calls out #WhiteSupremacists specifically, for the terrorist act in Charlottesville. #FireBannon
That's funny. These Nazis acted in the name of your God.
"One nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all." The original is so much more patriotic.
That "original" was 100 years after our country started.  Why don't we use the pledge promoted by the FFs? BECAUSE they didn't start one.
At what point @SenJoniErnst do you stand up and renounce this president? You're reluctance to criticize is equivalent to Trump on Putin.
Keep up your strength, Joni, you are going to need it in the weeks and months ahead.  #Americansfirst
I'm an atheist.  You keep your god where it belongs out of politics.
Fueled by Trump and Bannon.  When is enough enough?
Tweets are cheap. Stop supporting this racist administration.
No. We are not. @realDonaldTrump has encouraged this behavior. We need a real President. Like Obama. Or Clinton. Trump must go. Now.
Thank you Senator.
I see you waited to see what stance #potus45 would take. At least you came out against domestic terrorism.
I don't have to believe in a god to detest the alt rights actions. But i bet everyone of them is some form of Christian.
Will you call out your fellow Iowan @SteveKingIA for his part in stoking these rascist fires? Iowans are complicit if he continues to serve.
Yet @realDonaldTrump surrounds himself with these people #25thAmendmentNow
True,  but both sides and the Media fuel this hate,attacking the President,hate filled rhetoric ,condoning and inciting violence.they guilty
Your party is enabling this behavior.
Did you tweet this when ANTIFA animals beat up @realDonaldTrump supporters?
Animals?  Hyperbole much?
We are one nation, not under god, but under the good will of the people. We'll be strong.
Actually the motto of the United States is not in god we trust but E Pluribus Unum. Out of many one. All of us regardless our heritage.
Please also use the words white supremacists, and Neo-Nazi. Ask the president to fire Miller, Bannon, Gorka who are white supremacists
The @GOP God these days is @realDonaldTrump and no one in your party is willing to call out his subversion of our democracy.
This is good but maybe doing/saying nothing like this during the height of birtherism  and stoking this for gain empowered these idiots
Time for the GOP to step up and see what they are condoning by tolerating 45. Bannon, Gorka, Miller. Out.
The leader of your party is a racist birther.  What will you DO?
Then do the world a damn favor & STOP ENABLING SUPPORTERS OF IT!
Thank you.
but Senator, you are standing for it. You enable it, & do nothing to stop it.
I don't believe in God. Am I not part of your America ? Fucking right wingers.
You're enabling these Nazis.
You own this forever.
@maggieNYT Where do you live.. I'd like to move there..
Lots of unicorns to pet there.
Your party is enabling this, in the form of your President and your leaders. Until you actually do something about it, Senator, you own it.
respect
I wish the Constitution provided some way for you to check and balance the President's power so that you could pressure him to renounce it.
GOP this is on you
White supremacists cheer Trump’s response to Charlottesville violence
The GOP brought this hate to the peoples house
Yeah but you seem pretty okay with ideologically fueled hatred.
Oh please, you're one of them, no credibility!
Is Trump being sarcastic by not acknowledging what happened ? Oh, maybe he's joking.
Thank you for calling it terrorism. Please get @realDonaldTrump to comment on bombing of MN mosque too.
Tell that to @realDonaldTrump because he doesn't seem to think so.
Please address this to @potus @realDonaldTrump , he seems only able to give a full throated response to everything but Putin & Neo Nazis
Pressure your party's President to fire Gorka, Bannon, and Miller.
Call it for what it is: White Supremacist Terrorism!
Its only when whites orotest that everyone wants to tweet and the gov calls in Natl Guard.  That doesn't happen when Antifa and BLM riot
white supremacy terrorism
Better late than never. I guess the State Fair took too much of your time. I hope the butter cow was great.
Finally.
White supremacy is evil. Say it, @SenJoniErnst . Bannon, DeVos, Miller, Trump. All white supremacists. Do something. Or you own this.
Your president promoted it
Well I'm surprised in a good way for once since you called it what it is: racist terrorism. Now get rid of Trump.
You really think they didn't plan these "spontaneous" street fights? Lol
Thank you for finally speaking out on this and calling it the terrorism that it is. Will you publicly press Trump to condemn it, as well?
When will antifa be declared a domestic terrorism group? 
stop stop stop blaming others for everything you do. Please learn some personal responsibility
Amen
