what is "Palestinian land"?
The land on which Israel stands. The land that has always been there before Israel was created in 1948.
ok cool. So no Israel. In any form.
One state solution - Palestine. All peoples coexisting. No checkpoints, no occupation, no apartheid.
you know one state means eventual eradication of Jews,  right?
he knows that. That's the whole point.
You hate Muslims obviously. You think I hate Jews based on me being Muslim - that's Islamophobic.
stand firm against injustice Senator. The pandering strategy has gotten the democrats nowhere.
Well said Sir. Israel appreciates and values true friends
You'll find that Arab armies led a genocide war to kill Jews. As for settlements ALL the land was given to Israel IN LAW.
Could you please explain your statement?  It seems like this doesn't jive w/your normal human rights policies.
I'll explain. He's a bought. Fuckin. Hack.
Hey guys, I kinda just want to hear from him myself.  Thanks tho.  Peace and love to u this holiday.
hear from him yet?
Booker is a Dem, so humanitarianism means terrorizing whoever has the least $
these settlements are internationally illegally & an obstruction of human rights. I expect better from you.
you shouldn't. He's the smiling celebrity face of the corporate machine.
Before UN Resolution UNESCO declared Western Wall a Muslim holy site, negating Christian & Jewish history.
.@SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker @UN goodbye, 2020 run
.@SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker this shameful statement is why your silly 2020 ambitions will fail. What Dems do you think support apartheid?
(I fear the answer is too many.)
Lmao. Now I see why they hated you so much in Newark. Your brand of Democrat is done in 2020.
if you plan on running in 2020 you have lost my vote
anyone who doesn't think booker Is bought, don't let the door hit you on the way out
oh honey no
How do the settlements support a two state solution? Like what?
@NaphiSoc @CoryBooker @UN Mr. Booker at the same token request Israel to STOPsettlement on Palestinian land and respect law
the land Israel lived on in 1200 B.C.?
so after Iran disaster now u have a change of heart...I smell 2020.
The Israeli govt has power to keep resolution from moving forward: respect human rights! Disappointed in U.
it's sad when a guy known for principle over politics chooses politics over principle
I agree 100%, but how then am I to understand the H in ur profile picture?
and I guess I don't agree 100%, booker was never known for having principle.
l have no time for your type of idiocy. Go back to the fantasy world you live in.
wtf?
might actually help if you read the resolution, it's based on the law, and it's about universal justice.
What is wrong with you? My biggest holiday disappointment. Hoping 4 solid leadership from you.
.@ArrowofArtemis @SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker @UN Shame on #CoryBooker, standing with #Trump against #GenevaConvention. #Israel #Colonialism
Booker is a wimp. Israel violates Palestinian civil rights. the U.S. Can't allow that to stand. #BDS
you don't have the decency or courage 2 stand against apartheid & human rights violations? shameful statement.
building on someone else's land is illegal and how about the Nukes they won't admit to. Time for Sanctions.
thank you for the support senator! This shows how's pragmatic you are... Bravo!!
you should not support oppression and apartheid. I hope you reflect. this is bigger than politics.
"Balfour Declaration...one white racist promising another white racist somebody else's land."
supporting Israel "settlements" aka land theft, apartheid, genocide? You've been bought or compromised
"I support apartheid and war crimes would've sufficed."
ever think that maybe Israel isolated itself with its own policies?
normally love you, but you're wrong on this. Israel has flouted intl. law. They deserve peace, but not thru occupation
settlements are illegal Israel takes advantage of USA  but breaks human rights standards every day
Now we all know you're in the pocket of AIPAC. Thanks for showing us your true colors. #sellout
Noted: Booker supports apartheid state. I will never vote for you for any office.
Another thing, Booker: you SHOULD be discussing Leahy Law wrt Israel and military aid. And nuke disclosure.
Booker, grow a pair. You work for US, not Israel. If we pay $38b aid & say stop settlements. They stop.
.@SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker @UN 

Absurd statement that does you no credit.
@AmyGunthorpe @CoryBooker @UN > and destroy homes& lives of innocents. Kissing Netanyahu's ass won't win progressive votes!
@AmyGunthorpe @CoryBooker @UN So, Senator Booker, your plan is to allow Israel to continue breaking international law »»
My only guess would be Israel is vital to Mideast intelligence. Certainly not expansion.
clearly ur out of touch w majority of dems, Am jews, african-americans, young people and the rest of the world
What exact problem do you have with resolution? Give me a break man, making Israel follow what the agreed to?
Booker has it backwards. Statehood is prerequisite to making a meaningful peace
"One-sided resolutions"? You mean when everyone recognizes the obvious?
I'm disappointed w/ your statement,  seems out of step with polls showing most Dems oppose settlements.
Most Dem Voters may oppose Israel's illegal settlements, but most Dem Pols 2 scared of AIPAC
Israel chose to isolate itself.
ha what  a sellout uncle Tom.
Sincere question: What do we (US) get from friendship w/ Israel? Seem to ignore us, except 4 $ and weapons
clinton lost pandering to donors, it takes the people to win. think about that b4 issuing this thoughtless crap
Booker! $434,326 in the pocket to Israeli PACS FUCKING SHAMELE$$
what the fuck happened to you?
super  disappointed. You chose politics over principles. Sick of spineless establishment.
Why don't you believe in Palestinian human rights, @CoryBooker? #FreePalestine
Booker - be honest, not a mouthpiece for AIPAC. Confront apartheid instead of appeasing it.
. What has Israel ever done for us? They just steal our nuclear secrets. Divest from Israel! Free Palestine!
I'm a citizen of New Jersey and one of your constituents. This does not represent my views. @CoryBooker @UN
Booker is echoing what @realDonaldTrump just said! Its yr typical politician saying what lobbyists tell him
BibiNet does NOT want a 2-state solution -- nor does Trump or Friedman, his choice for UN envoy to Israel.
So, Bru. You telling the People that it's okay to steal land... To just forget about it???  That Yo msg?
You Democrats do not understand the public any more. Lobbyists funding both parties nothing for the people!
leave the Democratic party if you don't support basic progressive values. You're unwanted.
I have to disagree with you on this issue. I am Jewish but I cannot support settlements in Palestinian land.
Cory Booker, Trump supporter. Future of the Dems, folks!
wouldn't have been expected this response from you.
So forget any progressive support when you launch your futile Pres run.
gross Cory. You wouldn't accept apartheid in SA. Why in Israel?  Oh. Money.
Israel stealing land, building settlements, and upholding apartheid will not get us to a 2 state solution
you should be ashamed for upholding apartheid and human rights violations. Get AIPAC out of your pockets.
terrible
Wish you were that outspoken about AMERICANS losing healthcare or social sec under Trump's plans.
This is why the Democrats lost. People don't vote for Dems bc you all isolate ppl & have no courage.
Show a spine Booker! Embarrassing groveling at the feet of rightwing Israeli extremists. Shameful.
excited to see you flame out in 2020.
Barack Obama you will never be. Politics over the common good and human rights is never the right answer
Why is the US congress so servile about Israel, it's a criminal rogue statelet.
mr booker you will let injustice continue as long you political career boost is shame.
senator of which country--us, or Israel
I'm extremely disappointed in you.
statement that current Likud  is moving toward "2-state solution" is patently false. Support @UN #NotInMyName
https://ihl-databases.icrc.org/applic/ihl/ihl.nsf/WebART/380-600056 …
But you did nothing, Senator, before it happened. Just like other Dem senators. Your statement is worthless
Yeah.. Well... What does a re-tread caught in his own impotency and lack of self esteem do. @ggreenwald
@Israel: Let's negotiate for the land and natural resources we stole from you!
you and @keithellison are major disappointments. So sad your ambitions supercede justice.
.@SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker @UN Very few citizens in @Israel itself think expanding settlements is good idea. Many Israelis want 2-states.
You're pathetic! Life Malcolm said - careful or they'll have you believing the oppressors are the victims.
'targeting Israel'
Somebody's getting ready for the Dem primary I see.
@bartolodinger you see what I mean
How much money have Israeli lobbyists donated to your campaign?
This bs is why the Dems lost 1000 seats since 08 and will keep losing. You're phonies on human rights. @CoryBooker @UN
How do you negotiate AND expand settlements at the same time?  Not everything an ally does is worthy of support.
it's about time @POTUS had the sack to stand up to bibi and admit the truth.
Surprised to learn that you and @realDonaldTrump share the same views on Israeli Apartheid. Who owns you?
Your fucking kidding us? And we thought you were the humane and intelligent one. You cave to the cartel.
This should be the name of pro apartheid Israel faction, the copperheads.  @SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker @UN https://twitter.com/senbookeroffice/status/812383986362224640 …
@Bernie_Facts @CoryBooker @UN I look forward to your defeat in 2020 by an actual progressive.
you should be ashamed.
Sorry that you're standing with Trump on this one. May you earn history's forgiveness.
I'm extremely proud of you Cory ! Thank you for standing for the Israeli people.Good job sir!
I pretty much agree with everyone else.  A little confused about this.
Cory Booker is a shining light at the end of this dark tunnel BUT I disagree with him on this.
don't believe the hype
You are on the wrong side of history here.
Cory knows the moral equivalency & that Israel cares about human life . Well said Cory .thank you
Predictable and pathetic!
Sir:It is unfortunate that you are committed to the last mandatory form of bigotry in the Democratic Party.
you should be ashamed to support apartheid while claiming to be a champion of civil rights
get you a senator who can do both
C'mon, man!
Cory has a very strong point on this issue, however prejudice and anti Israel sentiments run very Deep.
Israel's own Supreme Court has ordered the dismantling of many of these settlements.
Couldn't disagree more. We need to allow the rest of the world to speak instead of continuing to obstruct
you're pathetic, you're in full agreement with Donald Trump in supporting apartheid, rather than workers
You've lost my vote in the 2020 primary, Senator Booker.
Resolution moved forward with US abstention.
What do you say now?
They also cause suffering, as they're built over the lands of displaced families.
