Senator Booker. You are only one voice, but your voice is strong, and a needed light in so much darkness. Never waver. Please.
Since there's nothing you can do about it other than p--s, moan, and LIE ineffectually through the media, really Cory, WHO CARES
So it was ok for AG to run with "Hands up Don't Shoot"?  How about Al Sharpton for Trumps AG
thank you for this. You have integrity and a spine. I applaud your fairness and honesty!
Thank u, Sen. Every one of your Dem. colleagues should follow suit. Sessions is a clear and present danger.
clear and present danger to go after racists.
And to go after people trying to lawfully exercise their voting rights. My comment stands.
also there's this he did to Rosa Parks.
Does that cancel out calling AfAms "boy" and "n***er" or joking the Klan is OK? What is your point?
thank you
Thanks for this powerful statement, Sen. Booker.
well hopefully you can make his confirmation hearing interesting
I guess an AG who makes back door deals w/ persons under federal investigation is more appropriate for position. U made this bed
JEFF SESSIONS ENDED SEGREGATION ALABAMA! #trumptrain #draintheswamp #lockherup #kanye #mars #friday #blm #latinas #black #aclu
Seeing many friends on Facebook say "I sure Hope @corybooker runs in 2020"...ME TOO!!! just hope we can survive the next 4!
"Our" Congress must NOT CONFIRM that racist as ATTORNEY GENERAL of this nation! UNACCEPTABLE!
We need your help Senator! Please sign and share if you agree:
He wasn't elected. Putin hacked our election. As my senator, what are you going to do about it...
You are one of the strongest voices right now. You have integrity, openness and a passion for justice. We need your leadership!
Excellent statement, Senator. You should be involved at a very high level of the new Democratic party, in need of repair.
Tawana Brawley
Remember how congress didn't confirm nominees? Not listening now either. Guess that's those "election consequences" at work,
Sir, you the responsibility to maintain the dignity. Use the same gridlock tactics 2 keep balance for next 2yr. #Believe
never SESSIONS never! #resist #civilrights #RestoreTheVRA

you are correct on sessions, he is unfit.
Well said, Senator. Wish more of your Democratic colleagues did the same.  Too silent on this ultra important selection
well done. Can you convince more colleagues to do same? Most barely above a whisper.
thanks for standing up, Senator. I stand with you. Proud you're my Senator.
I am a Republican who voted for HRC. I'm out of GOP, joining a new conservative party, but would love to see you run in 2020!
His name is "sessions" hehe
Appreciate your eloquence and fortitude always.
all of the choices are alarming and terrible. How does a regular citizen stand up to this?
tenets∗
bar's set so low seems like media's letting so much slide with barely a mention so THANK U for not allowing anything2B ignored!!
that's ur opinion and ur r entitled to it. But ur side/logic/platform of repressive govt lost resoundingly. #MAGA
Sessions fought the kkk while Bill and Hillary were embracing sen. Byrd and flying the confederate flag.
Such a great statement. You're awareness of what's real and what matters in America is always on point! #staytrue #corybooker
How do you write this with a straight face?   All the things you rail against were done daily by Obama and his people. liar
.@CoryBooker Thank you. Keep standing firm.
Please keep speaking.
I LOVE U, DIDN'T READ IT YET BROTHER, BUT THOUGHT I'D TELL YOU NOW!! KEEP WALKING BY FAITH & GOODWILL!
#SweetSisterMissionary ;)
Thank you, Senator Booker for speaking out. I'm not a Jersey resident, but I am proud you are one of our country's senators.
well stated. Now looking forward to your statement against Mr. Flynn.
thank you. You give me slight hope
#Thankyoucorybooker
embarrassment to you. The mission of the AG should be to enforce the law not choose what color of people should be prosecuted
the last two AG were more corrupt than any I can remember in the last 50 years. The fact that they were both black should be an
My statement on Cory Booker, is to stop messing with God. You are acting very strange, perhaps Hillarys lesson didnt get to you!
I hope you guys can Filibuster Sessions or something.
Pls don't permit this nomination. The other nominations will set us back but we'll recover. This one is near criminal.
Shoot for the compromise. #Sessions for #MerrickGarland

please just tell us on Twitter.  These cross links to FB are not good
thank you Senator
thank you for speaking out! Much love!
I wanted to disagree with you but you are right. We need more Corys in office!!
I am not a Jeff Sessions fan, either.  I don't see him as a light for justice for all Americans.
then you're not looking at the light!
Its why his chief of staff is Bannon. No surprises here.
i would really like to see you take a leading position in the democratic party. take the wheel, cory.
thank you senator booker
This is going back to the 1950s. Glad Jim Crow is dead. All these people are mentally ill.
please do whatever you can to stop this madness!
Thanks for the truth, may it set us free!
Just posted on my FB page & request that all those that follow U share as well.We all need 2 FIGHT & it's not going 2 be easy!
#NoRacistsLeadingUSA #NoNazisLeadingUSA Time to PREVENT Trump's foreign take over of government is NOW. #NoTrump
Excellent.
Do all you can to make this World a better place. Your statement was informative. Thanks for keeping us in the loop.
As OUR President SO accurately stated, elections have consequences. How is this different than him selecting Holder & Lynch?
@JoyAnnReid @DebraMessing @TessRafferty
Thanks for looking out for all of us, Cory. I mean that sincerely. Keep fighting the good fight.
Called your office and went on record agreeing w/your statement!  We're w/you!
Sessions shouldn't hold public office! After escaping the Keebler Treehouse Bakery that Napoleon Syndrome Extremist #Tiny&Bitter
Thank you for your vigilance and clear voice of reason.

yes we get it .  Dems are flawless people .  Everyone else is racist .  We get it .
know it's bad when I'm beginning to feel wistful about the departure of Chris Christie.

his appointment must be blocked. We are already behind in having a fair justice system please stop him
Thank you Senator Booker for taking a stand against Sessions. #WeWillRise
it's horrifying just not surprising. Please do not back down.
thank you! Please make sure your fellow Dems understand this. Especially @SenSchumer
One of the few things that could make me consider moving back to NJ, being represented by @CoryBooker
My statement on President-elect Trump's intention to nominate Jeff Sessions as AG: http://cor.bo/2grraBm 
For the sake of comparison, what are your views on the way that Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch served? #AttorneyGeneral
The appointment of Jeff Sessions is a travesty.
Thank you.
thank you for always standing up for America's principles and values.  It's heartening that you are in the Senate.
JEFF SESSIONS SOUGHT DEATH PENALTY 4 KKK! #maga #draintheswamp #lockherup #flynn #kanye #mars #friday #blm #latinas #black #aclu
death penalty is abominable in itself END DEATH PENALTY NOW #NotMyPresidentElect
RUN FOR PRESIDENT IN 2020
thank you for standing standing up.
it's called obstruct I don't care if kushner and Ivanka donated to yr campaign show some balls
thank you.
This is a VERY weak statement. Please, step up your game, Cory. We all are.
Thank you very much for such a strong and clear statement.
This does not go far enough.
