AHHHH I LOVE NEIL
You only stifle growth and patriotism with your RACIST and Divisive propaganda and agenda Booker!
Too much greatness within one smart phone lens... #modernheros
Leaders among leaders
So will you admit SCIENCE confirms there are only 2 genders?  You cant pick and choose which facts you want to acknowledge. Stupid Liberals
@CoryBooker Hope you ate at Good Karma Cafe while in Red Bank! It's the best vegan restaurant in NJ!
Uh...peacful protest? You seen the antifa out in California? Go protest them.

Let's get less political scientists then.... Let go of your agenda. Objectivism....
Yes
So, true. You guys rock. 
Okay, that's pretty funny. Neil is an adorable scientist! Thanks for the smiles this morning. Now go protest.
Will you be marching today? Always great to have a supportive senator with us.
If @neiltyson says we need to become science activists...then you become a science activist!
You need to work with the President we elected or get out.
I love you and Neil. Awesome to see you together. Hot smart guys are great advocates for mother earth.
#Science shows that this planet must go #VEGAN to survive. Pols like @CoryBooker & scis like @neiltyson must shout this from the rooftops.
Love it!!
Love what both of you are doing!
How can you let up on peaceful protests when Mr. Soros continues to pay protestors
Keep trying to educate and use science and facts to make America great again!
Make America Smart Again!
@CoryBooker where do you stand on Ann Coulter being denied her right to free speech? Take a stand!
very true Mr. Booker my hope is that Millenials start to stand up.
I agree, plz help us impeach Trump
Love!!
Get Dems and liberals to protest without violence.
You are a terrible politician bro
Couple of really smart and caring men in this video. Thank you both for teaching and enlightening us.
Awesome! Did you tell @neiltyson that @tferriss wants him on his podcast though, Cory?
AND there was dressing room short film?! I love it. What a fun and informative night that was. Excited for people to listen to the episode!
Two of my favorite public figures... great to see you working together @CoryBooker!
Love you guys! I would love to meet you both. How can we make that happen?
I have few heroes but @neiltyson is one. As artist I know science + art are besties. Why? They share TRUTH + IMAGINATION.
Mr. Tyson, you're AWESOME.
You're a true leader, Senator Booker. Thank you!
My favorite senator with my favorite scientist --- makes my NJ public school earth science teacher heart sing!!
really digging this conversation. there should be more of them. salute
Still waiting for your visit to @Rutgers_Newark Biological Sciences #cool #science with some cool #biologists #justsayin
Please stop supporting charter schools. They are terrible for our society and what they do to public schools.
@jeo0822 See Jeo. People like this Help the world. does your Kpop Idol, do anything to help the world?
Am I seeing the next U.S. President with his future Science Advisor?
I love this! Can you be the president?
You guys are awesome!
Bravo and well stated!
Science curriculum in school needs to be remade.
I was waiting for the, "and for just 14.99 a month..." haaa just kidding - fun plug for science!
I love u Cory 
I love seeing these two souls together!!!! A whole lot of science and whole lot of 
Booker 2020

I have to work tomorrow but I'm wearing my Science shirt to work!
Two perfect examples of this...For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God.
@CoryBooker @neiltyson
Two of my faves in 1 vid! Thanks for the encouraging message and both of your efforts for the US
Two inspiring men making me smile.
Can we see a 2020 ticket..Booker- Tyson?
They are absolutely right
Love both you guys
Have a great weekend, guys.
Omg!
So much brains... need a wide angle lens to get it all!
Please invent something that will enable Knowledge to penetrate a Trumpkin Head
@CoryBooker + @neiltyson Neil in the same podcast? YES PLEASE!!!
Hopefully, if you were protested, you wouldn't use the silly Washington speak to say: Their positions are without merit and unfounded. Hack!
Problem is your socialists comrades can't protest peacefully. Always turn into a bunch of paid, masked, and violent criminals.
booker stop your nasty anti american protesting and try to act like a pro American us senator
Hello to a fellow Bronx High School of Science graduate!
Spot on!
tech nodes sold them out for dialing for dollars with the trumpster dumpster.
I so agree. Cybercrime is a growing threat to our national security & if our leaders don't get their act together & address it we're doomed
I love your tweets, but you need to fix the tweet to say we *can't let up...
Or *can not let up
A great conversation ... and let's be honest, NDT is awesome! 
And so is @CoryBooker. I cannot fathom them on a room together. Too much energy at once. It's great, but I would combust.
Agree ... since he posted it, I thought that was implied lol 
NDT is so awesome! I could listen to his velvet voice telling me stuff I rarely understand all day long! #spacerocks!
You did not vote for the supreme court justice, I don't care WHAT U have to say. I live in new jersey. #notmysenator
"Peaceful" -doesn't look like it.
