Here are what the premium markups would be for various health conditions: 
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/04/20/430858/latest-aca-repeal-plan-explode-premiums-people-pre-existing-conditions/ …
The future is here and brighter days are ahead! See:
#stress #depression #anxiety #SuicidePrevention #mentalhealth
The #Evidence - actual text showing no protection 4 pre-existing conditions - needs much wider distribution. Where R the ads?? #Illuminate
GOP Lying. Are YOU Listening to LIES ??  If so -- what did you learn ?
How about we ask the 'Insurers' about higher premiums on pre-ex? Can they say/guarantee they won't charge higher?
Daughter was born severely disabled so her very life is a preexist condition according to them. As if cost of her care isnt high enough.
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Please help us and stop Graham -Cassidy! No one can afford this, & people will die.
2. ...on this, it appears that you have. If you re for socialist sickness coverage, why not just come out and say that?
1. Isn't this what "insurance" means? IE: standard operating procedure for real insurance companies? As someone who hadn't taken a stand...
INSURERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO CHARGE ANY PERSON WITH PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS ANY AMOUNT THEY DESIRE AS THEIR PREMIUM.
Not good!
REPUBLICAN ARE SUCH A GOOD CHRISTIANS WOW, WOW
@copperbird7 
1) The poor will pay.The only problem w that is, they are poor & can't pay. Neither can the "middle class" afford
2) the Graham Cassidy death plan. Bottom line they're taking hc from the needy. Heads up Louisiana. We're paying
3) for Cassidy, Graham GOP and others healthcare. Vote Blue. Get em outta there.
#GrahamCassidyKissMyAss
States have already rewritten The Compassionate Care Act. In Florida it isn't very compassionate anymore.
If this passes, the Republican population in the United States will literally be decimated.
I have zero problems with that. Make it happen.
What is the context for the exert of the legislation???

So if your state coverage is insufficient, simply move your #specialneeds child to another state. Simple! So says @GOP.
#noGrahamCassidy
So now Americans have to choose the state to live in??? The states should receive federal funds accordingly...  LITTLE HELP LITTLE MONEY!!!
Another atrocious monster to defeat! Can we please just fix and support the effing ACA??
fuck that shit
Imagine the increase in donations  to the #GrahamCassidy campaign funds by insurance companies #Healthcare
#Trumpcare is not the answer.
And remember that REPORTING human violence is a pre-existing condition against VICTIM.  https://www.amazon.com/dp/1634241592/ref=cm_sw_r_tw_dp_x_SzQVzbE027NVH … Even CHILD RAPE VICTIMS
I guess this is the reason for the avalanche of crazy awful trump tweets...
Distraction...
You cannot " insure " pre existing conditions.  You can only fund for treatment. And that is why it must cost more, much more.
@LindseyGrahamSC what the hell is the matter with you? My college-age kid (preexisting condition) should not be insured?
That is correct. They see this as a matter of personal responsibility and of a free-market solution.
What a business 2b in Lobbyists donate $ for Legislators to do nothing 4 insurance to inject themselves as go between w/greed as a business
@JimInhofe @SenatorLankford STUNNING OKIES are already hurting. Is this what Jesus would do? SHAME! Repeal and Replace 2018
#HellNoVoteNoGrahamCassidyBill Time to Clean out the Old Repubican Party now. #ReDoRedParty #BlueWaveComing2018and2020 #DestroyRedParty
That explains why the turtle  likes it.
...as they should. More expensive care = higher payments. Is this THAT hard to understand?
Um, yes. That is a problem. But more importantly is what qualifies - an uncomplicated completed pregnancy is pre-existing? That's disgusting
Pregnancy is perhaps THE exception IF an already completed pregnancy is considered pre-existing. (Though general pregnancy is a choice.)
This is the meanest, most immoral bill yet.  If this passes, there will be rioting in the streets.
They don't care about jobs because this will cause healthcare workers to lose their jobs
And @SenJohnMcCain is lobbying for this. He really wants his only legacy to be killing sick ppl
Americans need some economic stability. That's what #ACA gives us. #GOPfail with all these nasty repeal #ACA bills.
Trump's despicable behavior continues and Republican's silence proves they are as much a racist as he is!
Deplorables
These fuckers are like Michael Myers. They get their asses kicked but just keep coming.
@lisamurkowski I know it's a pain but I have to ask you again, please be a strong No on this bill. Alaskan's won't be fooled. #Resistance
Shameful.  The Republicans are embarrassing themselves, trying to sell sh*t like this. History will be very unkind to them.
I normally don't wish people ill but wouldn't it be nice for the sponsors of this bill to experience pre-existing conditions first hand?
@RoyBlunt Please do not back this bill. Missourians need you to take a stand for us, not trump.We trusted you!
Well who on earth thought @LindseyGrahamSC could fix anything? he wants to be the #RepealAndReplace guy? He can't even be my latex salesman
Darling! It wouldn't take much to fix you, just find the other 90 parts of your narrow mind.
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Kill the goddamed  "Graham-Cassidy bill" you immoral bastards! You work for US - remember?
This is disastrous for all American except the super rich
So trailer park Republicans are IN FAVOR of being charged more for pre existing conditions? Interesting.
And no one is even talking about how they're wasting OUR money bringing up this disgusting shit AGAIN. Our money and their time.
Wow. Premiums are already skyrocketing ahead of this. No wonder people in some states are remaining uninsured hand paying the penalty.
#HADM3322
Be sure the insurance companies will ALWAYS make out just fine.
Oh, hell no!!!
Finally the #winning has begun and it all started on the back of people with pre-existing conditions. Wow. I for one am excited.
Light up the phones people- GOP are trying to destroy Obamacare! Tell them NO!
For me, the pre-existing clause in the Affordable Care Act was a godsend and an absolute life saver, as it was for millions of Americans.
Draconian healthcare bill MUST NOT PASS. Worse than previous bills. Letting states control. BAD!!
Resist resist resist resist resist
Fight back against #GrahamCasssidy  #Trumpcare   Twitter toolkit take action FAST #SaveACA  http://factpower.org/healthcare-tweetstorm.html …
let's all do whatever it takes to ensure the CEOs rake in fifty million a year. fooking SAD.
Not to mention reimbursement to ACA's and Hospitals peanuts. I have seen pt's suffer and die because hosp are penalized for admissions!
Needless to say they are discharged with minimum care in ED. Physicians not respected by Admin and expected to work excessive hours.
Does anyone realize the mark up in Healthcare Insurance! Look at your EOB! They are making billions of not more of money.  1.
Oh error *if
Perhap Rs shld consider that G-C wld inspire a huge % of the population (who can get as many  as they want&have nothing to lose) to revolt.
Shameful that Cassidy could screw over people needing healthcare while using his physician license as credibility to get elected.
Nope, nope, nope.  Single Payer.  Now!
It should go without saying. Coverage for pre-existing conditions is the essence of Obamacare. Repeal is existential for the GOP.
Graham & Cassidy need the same insurance they want to give Americans. Who are they to take away what we have?
Have people forgotten how bad this was?  It wasn't that long ago that people with pre-existing conditions couldn't get coverage.
What does southern bell Lindsey want from Trump? And, will McCain vote for BFF's bill in order to redeem himself w/Rs?
This affects anyone who has ever had ANYTHING, from a kidney stone, to any biopsy even if benign, to arthritis and everything in between.
Plus under #CassidyGraham they can increase your premium at any time for any amount for any reason.  We're all screwed under this bill.
This bill will make insurance affordable for the rich and healthy people under 40. The rest of us are disposable under #CassidyGraham
Think I'll read the bill before judging it. I've seen a ton of inflammatory short bursts, probably cherry picked or taken out of context
Again and again I wrote to my SC senator LG re preserving ACA pre existing protections.  His motive is not to help SC.
BAD NEWS for America!
OMG,stop now,or go to single payer,Medicare for all. Most Americans Sick from all that junk poison in process foods,Rx meds they give us!
They also give to children some addicted into teens..PLUS, guess what they have stocks in Insurance Co. that's why they bailed them out!
Graham-Cassidy - you both need to know that preexisting conditions happen to all people as they age. You two included.
My insurance is never charged on my personal behavior/risk. It's all about the pool of my peers. So conservative theory is screwed on this.
Why aren't those who propose shit like this not eligible for the death penalty ? Why should they be able to live ?
It's not rocket science.  
You are already sick. 
It is no longer insurance but your share of medical cost of your illness!
What is their endgame for bullying peeps with "pre-existing" conditions? In my mind, a condition is pre-existing.. Until you solve it.
That's really a bombshell? It's the only way they can get GOP support and that is to screw people.
Did they exempt themselves again too? Pure evil!
2001 - insurance cost - me 324/mo., husband( pre-existing condition) 3600/mo. This will bankrupt or kill many- tell them no on this bill!!
They should call it Graham-Cassidy -bribe-the-senators-to-vote-for-it Bill.
Senator, are you really now with us? True you've sworn off Big Pharma $ and are supporting single-payer? God I hope so...you could be the 1.
The #gop doesn't give a damn about health care for Americans. Merely a conduit to enrich corporations.
Nothing in this bill is good for the people.
CALL, CALL, CALL
Fuck!
Amen! Vote NO to #GrahamCassidy!
Text is gibberish.  Who writes this way?  Clear as a black hole.  Red marker didn't help
@LindseyGrahamSC Why don't you want you us to be covered by health insurance, Senator? You're signing a death warrant for my grandson & me.
The GOP have made it very clear that they care more for corporations & lobbyist who sponsor them, than they do for our Republic & its people
These republicans need to stop trying to jam this crap down the Americans throats . If so good let them sign up
Figures! Some of us are doomed.
#AHCA #BCRA #GrahamCassidy We are doing this again?  Why don't they just say "we don't care about your health" and stop giving it new names
@SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain The bill's worse than the bill u voted no on last time. The bill will HURT ppl. That shld be enuf 4 a no vote
Unf***ing believable. Jesus Christ 

Call all senators  I am   need to put pressure on
I totally agree. Give them a taste of their medicine.
Not acceptable.
That's literally how insurance works. If you have more accidents your car insurance is going to cost more
If they didn't charge higher premiums, they wouldn't be insurers but wealth transfer bureaucrats.

Great. So I can pay premiums for years but as soon as I need to use it, premiums will skyrocket so that I can no longer afford it.
Graham-Cassidy fail the American people in working for a viable fix for Obamacare.  Who's interests are we working towards?
I can't believe this. It makes me so mad.
So everyone else should pay more because others have preexisting conditions? If the company knows you will cost more, shouldn't they charge
Life is a pre-existing condition. Everyone gets something eventually. That's why insurance was mandated. Spread the risk, helps everyone.
Very slimy
n. .,,.
Then what's the point of coverage?
Vote it down
Cassidy is as slimy as a politician can be.
I knew it!
Everyone complains about everything, always
Please do not let this pass
This country can't afford to be Republican.
Medicare for all.  It is the Only way.
KILL THE BILL!! TownHalls next week!!  Time to call senators again!! This is ULTIMATE BULL!!
All they're doing is proposing the same shit bills from before and shifting Medicaid $ to get the prior nay votes
Is being a southern belle in man's clothing a preexisting condition? You must use a ton of fabreze stickups in that closet , linsey
Thanks for sharing, I didnt see this part anywhere else besides on hère!
This will take away medical needs for my son & thousands of others A death sentence!
@jimmykimmel rule violated by @BillCassidy
When does this all end. Didn't those town hall meetings & protests sink in? Dems 2018!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC & @BillCassidy We pay for your healthcare benefits, it his high time for you 2 reprobates to reciprocate.  You are jerks!
Tweet these Senators to save the ACA: http://Trumpcaretoolkit.org  takes 10 secs
My question is,if Trump is so unpopular with Congress and his base is dumping him,why are those traitorous Senators trying to repeal H.C.?
You're so right about that.
why marriage defocus led in life
What's going on @LindseyGrahamSC ? This AND perpetual enrollment which allows insurance co's to raise premiums all year?? WTF
umm @AskAnthem is this something your conversing about, participating in, influencing?
"We will cover you except for any illness you have."
A good explanation of Trumpcare. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YU28NAwwgzk …  The US needs Bernie Sanders for at least one term.
Glad for info, wish Twitter would let us have an angery face.  Will be contacting jackbooted thug 'pubelickens.
How MUCH higher? Necessarily immoral?
Where is the complete sentence?

Call, call, call.
The GOP loves the idea of throwing millions off healthcare they're going to make a porno so they can all jackoff to it.
How's this a bombshell.. what's new about any GOP plan..
And let me guess. There are provisions to prevent not for profit Insurance Unions?
Check out @MapLight to see which companies are paying which reps to vote which way on this.

It's horrifying!
Kill em all
The fight is not over yet. 
What people are paying for health insurance now? PRIVATE ins. (not free universal healthcare) is ~100€ per month in Spain for a 47 year old
Yes, I reported that Thursday
You were expecting justice in US healthcare? Reality check!
Ok so they know this ghoulish attack inevitably means single-payer, right? We are headed there anyway, but they *could* make it harder.
What is with GOP's desire to destroy millions of Americans lives?  What did the American people ever do to them to deserve such evil?  #2018
Call your Senators, people!!
If we are lucky God will strike both of the horrid creatures down before they can do harm.

This is just plain cruel sir. @LindseyGrahamSC May u never b impacted by the wrath of this bill;Imagine theimpact on ur frnd @SenJohnMcCain
@SenCoryGardner going to take a stand on this? Do we have to wait to see what your donors think? "As a dependent" these are children!
Once again, what the hell @LindseyGrahamSC ?!
Healthcare should not be a business. Period.
Scoundrels

Just plain evil.
So basically @LindseyGrahamSC & @BillCassidy had lobbyists write up a  bill to line their pockets w/donor money. Color me shocked 

Single-payer solves this and all greed-related issues.
Yes. But I think we also need to be honest about the downsides too.
Under ocare w/no pre existing cond my prem tripled to $18k and deductible went up 5x to $25k per year and no one on the left seems to care.
anyone who believes any current republican health care plan wlii benefit the public, should seek help, if they can afford it.
Because the record-breaking profits insurance companies are bringing in just AREN'T ENOUGH.
What the hell?  Do these two asinine senators think we can't read this bullshit too? That they have no voters with pre-existing conditions?
@SenSchumer @SenGillibrand @RepJohnKatko I hope this isn't true. I am diabetic and ckd stage3 d/t a birth defect and NP prescribing NSAIDS.
Also d/t genetics..diabetes, heart issues and cancer run in my family. Not my fault..it is all genetics. Most likely fault of US Gov.
KILL THAT BILL. KILL THAT BILL.
Mandatory reductions in opioids are the gateway to reductions in all meds, so insurance companies weasel out of paying out those benefits.
Insurance SCHEMES abound. The opioid 'crisis' is based on FALSE DATA, to begin acceptance of medicine reductions, so ins gets out of paying
 well , ain't that just great news !! who will PAY the premiums when ppl die bc of such  coverage ?? TY billionaires !! 
Bombshell is a good term for it! Yikes this is horrendous!
Healthcare is very important. And increasing it for pre existing conditions is a violation of the ADA as well as Obama care.
That means most Americans - diabetes, high blood pressure, hepatitis, cancer (any type), psoriasis, lupus are all pre-existing conditions
Better healthcare at lower prices is possible with a national plan. But, the Capitalists aren't having any of that. Pay more is their idea.
Worse than what existed under Bush its a death sentence 4 millions of ppl they r sadistic loathsome nonhumans
When was the last time u or ur office met with a #bigpharma or #wallstreet lobbyist?   In hours, please.
@LindseyGrahamSC IF YOU DO THUS YOU HAVE TO LOWER MEDICARE BUY IN TO 55 #Healthcare
Once again there is a penalty for being a woman. When will this madness end?
