How is the law discriminatory if it applies to everyone?
In this day and age there's absolutely 0 reasons you can't obtain a valid ID.
NC was way more than voter ID. GOP requested demographic data on minority voting patterns & made changes to disrupt them. Read the decision.
There's racial gerrymandering, select targeting certain communities harder w/ ID laws, & in most states IDs cost money. Voting is a right.
Of course voting is a right, but how does having an ID discriminate against anyone? Poor people have no problems getting social services.
Then you obviously haven't read the previous court decision.
Not every poor person is on social srvcs. 55% of those living under the poverty level work. Only 38% of those in poverty receive govt assist
I didn't say they were, just saying people have no problem signing up for social services, so the poor people can't get IDs is nonsense
Of course it's good news for you; now NC Democrats can steal as many votes as they like.
So the legal system only works when you approve the decision. Got it.
Pretty much.
Admitting to having a problem is the first step towards recovery. Keep it up.
You better get around to admitting it, then.
I admit to being addicted to pointing out hypocrisy. In my defense, you did make a public admission of guilt. Sad. 
Did the Donald draft that reply for you? And how many fetuses did you finance the killing of on Mothers' Day?
Wai..wha? Really tingling those dendrites with that superior wit of yours!
Please give me an example of discrimination for asking voters to bring ther ID with them to vote?  I must be missing something.
Of course we need ID for most everything in today's society, but democrats cry racism when the same rule is applied to voting. Dishonest!
That is great, great news. I think we have a better country when we are not only allowed to but encouragred to vote!
Next step MAKE ELECTION DAY OF EVEN NUMBERED YEARS A NATIONAL HOLIDAY.
Don't underestimate the KLAN, they will find another way. After Brown v Board, Va & other KKK states did all they could to keep segregation
ID to buy Sudafed or open a bank account but not to vote. This is about illegals voting it's not about disfranchising  Blacks. False Flag
As a new jersey resident I'm proud to have you as my senator fighting for everybody who has the right to vote
No I'm not kidding I know you feel empowered now that Trump is president. Right wing ppl try everything to suppress votes it's so sad
................and you voted AGAINST John Roberts, why?
Yay! Discrimination is still illegal in America. Hopefully gerrymandering will not be allowed to disenfranchise American voters.
Some say those who get welfare have ID 2 get welfare.Then those pple do have id since they used it to get welfare right
Finally a branch of the government actually holding the other two in check. Keep trying to get the legislative branch to do the same.
Did all 9 justices rule on this?
They refused to even hear the appeal. The lower court ruling stands. Appeal failed to meet standards.
This is huge!! Studies hv found Wisc voter ID laws cost Hillary the state. NC was also a close election. Voter suppression must b stopped
Thank you ! NC amazing people amazing state....my home
Only thing standing between annihilation of our laws & constitution is judiciary branch. Other branches trying to destroy this republic
There's hope after all -Gotta love the Supreme Court justices -give normalcy to our country!
Pretty sad a senator wants to make it easier for illegals to vote. Smh what a dumbass #DumbShit
Important decision although Justice Roberts may have turned it away on a technicality. I'll leave interpretation to legal scholars
I found it prejudice and insulting. The message sent clearly says that Black Americans are to ignorant or incapable of finding the DMV
Wow, this is so prejudice to think minorities don't have id's or a liscense. Shameful!! Don't understand why closing election fraud is bad
Lol.  SCOTUS turned it back based on a procedural issue, Senator.  It will no-doubt be back on the SCOTUS docket in short order.
We the people will win. Because we are Americans and we will only stand Trump and his cohorts before we blow our tops. And kick them out
Ban News for USA. They say your guys are to dumb to get an ID. Sad
@Marina_Sirtis @nytimes Republican voter suppression overreach smacked down. Celebrate!
Right, because it is SO wrong to have people prove who they are and that theyre registered to vote. Oh and that they are alive and not dead!
Someone please explain to me why you support this? Do you want illegals to vote? Or do you really think its that hard to get an ID in NC?
So what do black people do when they need to pick up their kids early during school? Because I need to show my ID for that.
So are you saying black people aren't as capable of getting an ID? Why? I think every race is equally capable? Why can't they?
Yessss!
Too bad libs can't win an election without cheating.
That absolutely rocks!
Enjoy your time in office! You will be voted out next time!
I think the Dems need some sound bites to make it clear to the average person why voter ID is a problem.
Excellent!! 
Yaaasss TY Senator. PATRIOT every darn time.
Good! Something for the people finally 
Because its a hardship to show someone your id, as I would anytime i used my credit card at jack in the box huh?  Why can't they get an id?
Voter suppression not working out so well for the GOP?!  Awwww, no doubt Trump will throw a hissy fit!
Great news!!
I'm so happy. Now remove the orange dude.
Fabulous! Love your response 
Quick Q: is there any reason one should follow both of your accounts or does following one basically get me everything?
excellent news
Booker approves of vote cheating, only way to win,
How? Give me the reasons because YOU KNOW BS...
Your basically applauding a court saying blacks and Latinos lack the knowledge to get an id and your black lmao few steps backwards sir
Lmao Even tho you have to possess id for everything in this country,guess I get to vote more than once,everyone to NC to fuck their election
Good news that you don't need an ID?

So I can walk into your office with no id? Of course not. 

#hypocrite
really? really? really? hello black kettle.
How does it discriminate Senator? Are there laws that disallow particular US citizens from obtaining identification?
Why are you opposed to voter ID?  What do Democrats have to hide?  Will you be introducing a bill to eliminate ALL requirements for ID?
you wanting the good o' days, whites males only who are landholders? You Republicans just need to be honest about your purpose
I hate to break it to you but you can get a Drivers license or state ID without owning land, or anything. Or being white. Or rich.
That's because we are going to have a federal law. Voter ID and election rules across the board. Sick of this cheating!
Federal law? Could've sworn states rights was all the rage? 
My reaction to this tweet.
Bring on the Voter Fraud
.@SenBookerOffice if #Pres Trump colluded wth Russia, where are the leaks to destroy him, from #CNN, NYT etc?
As a NC resident...so very happy to hear this good news.
Are you a legal American? If so I would think you would want I d done to protect your vote!
