@CoryBooker are premiums with a 100%+ increase under #Obamacare not cruel? Just curious as to your thinking.
Done!
Please WHITE PRIVILEGE. This bill HELP me. NO TAX PENALTY.
do they listen to our voice??
You're my senator & you know I want you to #VoteNoAHCA & you're pretty awesome BTW
I did call you to support cheaper meds for the US. You didn't listen, why should I believe you now?
I've called your office and you're never there!
We need YOU to help #KillTheBill 

Let's make this work

Full doc here:
http://goo.gl/Ucwpes 
Both my Senators have already tweeted in opposition to Trumpcare, but that didn't stop me calling anyway. @SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein
Yes Call n Let Them Know To Change or Repeal Obama Care! Tell them U R fed up w/Premiums  increasing n minimum plan  options!!
Cory, please find something about Russians! U told us russians were the cause of everything. Please, oh please, tell us it is the Russians
can U give is your #. We have been suffering for 6 yrs under YOUR deadly, bankrupt tax ponzi scheme. So many families, business' destroyed.
Insurance companies are legal extortion & we are giving them more $ b/c they lobby & give perks/donations. u r killing our society & govt
Insurance companies &their CEOs love it-every time they raise their prices, repubs blame President Obama.
You're my Senator and I already know you know!! Should I still call anyway?
Please people, let's get those phones ringing. We need to do our part and win this for our families. Thanks Cory!
I'm from CA, so my Senators are already fighting this cruel bill, but thank you for also fighting the good fight.
Senator the Dems need a message for 2018. Saying we're not trump doesn't work. Get in it what is that message
you would literally fight fire extinguishers if republicans liked them
You passed Obadma care without even seeing it. Would NEVER call you for anything
Thank you for fighting to protect coverage for the 23M Americans who could lose their care under #Trumpcare. @StandUpAmerica Thanks.
I live in DC and I don't have one!!  I'm also a women's health care provider and my patients have so much to lose.  Help!
SAME. Now what?
I went 2 many town hall meetings in 2009  urging my representatives not 2 vote 4 the ACA & they still did. They'll do what's best for them.
What if you are my Senator?
Protect Hillary and me-shell s retirement non-profit Ponzi scheme. Online audits and jail.
You should have taken steps to save Obamacare 2 years ago when it was showing signs of failure.It's imploding.
They should be calling you. 28 million uninsured. Can't afford Obamacare. Premiums too high. Deductibles too high.
Thank you Senator for NOT supporting Trump's Wealthcare bill. An atrocity to Americans.
Will pass the word, tweet,or text#Thefightison
You are my Senator: so, where is your Plan?
Cruel is paying for healthcare that doesn't buy you anything but pays for everybody else that don't pay a dime.
Why don't you hop on board.
You are my senator and I thank you for the work you do for our benefit.
We are calling and calling! 
Stand your groundSenatorHeller-forget theGOP SUPERPAC threatening you-your constituents will remember and support you-thank you 4protection
Typical Dem #LOSER  - Obamacare sucks and everyone knows it!  It is failing!  U and your ilk R running USA in2 the ground!  #MAGA @POTUS
I'll tell you what's "Cruel" - Obummercare!! Millions more lost their insurance than were helped. The few it helped cld have gotten Medicaid
More statistically relevant to call switchboard or them directly?
Go For It!
You are my Senator, along with @SenatorMenendez.  I assume I don't need to call you on this one.  We agree Trumpcare sucks, right?
Head down to Freedom Fest in Mercer County. Oh, and don't vote for the bill.
Call Booker and ask him why he voted against lower drug costs. Backstabbing hypocrite.
Also call your liberal senators and voice your distaste for ACA. Also call Cory Booker and ask him to be, for once, honest.
done and done.
Remember the health care they get!!
Cruel ???? Do you have Obama Insurance in the Senate ??? No you don't ! Obama Care is cruel
we make this country run not the govt. yall need to get your shit together and stop taking payouts and do your job
reality is we wouldn't be in the state we are in if you politicians would get your head out of your ass and start caring about the citizens
When will Dems announce their version and start real negotiations with the Republican'ts?What are you offering to oppose them? Have A Plan?
Republican'ts didn't have a plan after being against ObamaCare for 7yrs! You guys should have a Plan to fix the ACA,make it Affordable Again
Any plan would be a good plan if it wasn't run by government. It's just the Dems looking for more control over the American ppl.
Here's me, "calling" you. And @SenatorMenendez, of course.
You're my senator so I'm going to call and say nice things!
I like this bill Cory. Imo, having to see your social media posts and listening to o your garbage is cruel
Obamacare was cruel. Massive premium and deductible spikes while losing doctors and carriers. #Bookerdementia
I don't think I need to call you, do I?
take the politics out of healthcare & work together to make the plan better for all instead of complaining & doing nothing a call wont solve
Thankfully you are one of my senators.
Cory did u read the top of each page? it clearly says DISCUSSION DRAFT. r you DISCUSSING or just ranting & complaining, Do something!
#DoYourJob Booker!  Join Joe Manchin and negotiate. The obstructionist theme ain't workin for ya
And let me guess , the poolboy is the next Ambassador to be appointed!
So glad I don't have to call you! Thank you for standing up for NJ!
Mr Booker! It's not Bill! Obama,just step in in office-he start Torture our Fam(I really don't know-Why?Trump,promised for Wom-Stop Torture!
Obama,didn't Understand Seriousness of this Situation-Remote Surveillance Injury,Literally Burning w/Radiations-Human Flesh!
IT'S MUST STOP!
I TOOK MY SHIRT-I NEVER HAD ANY SPOTS ON MY CLOUTS SUDDENLY APPEARS-HORRIBLE BROWN SPOTS ON SHIRT-THEY REMOTELY MAKE 
IT'S ALWAYS-WAS SECRET
IF AMERICAN PEOP DOING REMOTELY W/ SURVEILLANCE TERRORIZ NEXT DOOR-HUMAN!WHY YOU SO UPSET W/ PUTIN-SURVEILLANCE  ACTIVITY!HE IS STRANGE MAN!
FIRST,U HAVE TO STOP THIS BANDITS TERRORIZ NEXT DOOR PEO W/MODERN REMOTELY SURVEILLANCE-TECHN ! THEY HARDLY CAN READ,
BUT BURN HUM-HE IS #1!
Red states, California needs your resistance
Booker us from NJ?
It's not cruel. The word @realDonaldTrump used was "mean."
@CoryBooker my concern is that GOP didn't care what we thought when they blocked SCOTUS nom. How about you guys do the same
what is the Dem plan to stop this? If it's just us calling, we are going to lose like we did in the house
I'd love to see Ds say screw reelection this is more important, like the Ds did who passed #ACA the first time
right here right now we can have a moral victory or an actual victory. I'm tired of moral victories. #Resist
My senators don't take calls on the weekend. I was told to call back during office hours not that anyone had ever actually answered.
.@SenBookerOffice .@CoryBooker looks like you haven't read the bill either...
Why are you not fixing ACA?
I will and I will tell them to repeal and replace Obama care, and will I am at it, you too
You are my senator.  

I think you & @SenatorMenendez already know.  

Should I call anyways?
That's Great, Doesn't change fact that's last health bill you passed is FAILING!!.. SO DOING NOTHING ISNT THE ANSWER...
You are my senator and I thank you for fighting against this horrible bill.
So fortunate to have @CoryBooker as my senator fighting for New Jersey and all americans. #thankyou #ACHA
My Senators both have full voice mails. Seems that this needs to upgraded. They are always full which leads me to believe they don't check.
CORY You are trying to make Chicken Salad Out Of Chicken ShitYou fall short as usual You are in your last term Senator Watch & See, U R Done
Cory, both of our Senators are Democrats and will fight the Senate health care bill.  Should calls still be made to supportive Senators?
Democrats can't do crap to stop it
@seanhannity @TuckerCarlson Cory  Calm Down take a Deep Breath and Hold It for 20 Minutes. It is over for you and your weak ass party.
What do we do if our Senators already are openly blocking it? I'm in MD and have the amazing @ChrisVanHollen and @SenatorCardin
Texan senators don't answer.
Life's cruel. But this Obamacare lite crap isn't what was promised
You are my Senator please fight this bill.  We all know that it will raise premiums for all.
Actually will lower
Done. Feels good. Even had busy signals today. I recommend making the call even if you think you senator us a lost cause.
Email. District office visits. Some areas are doing vigils or overnight campouts at district offices.
Awesome!
Thank you Senator Booker...proud you are representing NJ.
Our Senator, Roy Blunt, seems to be missing much like our congressman, Sam Graves.  These guys remind me of Abbott and Costello, a joke!
His constituents should still visit him and let him know he's missed. You can always leave a letter stating why this bill is cruel.
I have written and called.  Mo. has the most cowardly Republican representation in the nation.  Blunt and Graves are both cowards! #vote2018
Proud to call you my senator, sir. My mother is on disability because of injuries from domestic violence, and this bill will hurt her more.
Yea? Wondering how?
Really glad I don't have to call my senator. Thank you Mr. Booker.
He has done nothing but lip off. Obamacare sucks and will leave everyone without coverage and all he does is point fingers. Horrible rep
Why don't you dems come up with something better than o'care which has resulted in millions uninsured because of high deductibles and premiu
Well one candidate ran on single payer and people called him a commie. 57 attempted repeals and never an offer to improve ACA.
Im the NJ non-profit Henry's Halos for families with seriously ill kids and our families will be CRUSHED by this bill.It IS life or death..
Kids will not be harmed by this bill. Booker is lying through his teeth.
The kids will eventually be adults and responsible for their insurance. And will be penalized for having childhood cancer etc
Have you received my faxes??
SENATOR BOOKER WE IN CONGRESS HAVE A DUTY TO THOSE WE SERVE AND TO GOD AS WELL AS THE CONSTITUTION TO PROTECT AND SERVE !
Does the constitution say everyone gets healthcare?
Blessed because I live in NJ and my Senator is for ALL people
You must get it free.cause soon you won't have any insurance when it fails.
@BenSasse  & @DebFischerNE do not listen to or care what constituents want. They vote straight party line. DeVos perfect example.
Visit their offices anyway. In numbers. @Action2getherUS
None are from my area. @DebFischer just held first TH, not very informative. She ran to her car, away from crowd, last time she was home.
Doesn't matter. Leave a letter with their staff. They still have to track the info. They want to say, "none of my constituents opposed it"
Yep. VMs full, FB blasted, letters, twitter, Senate offices We attacked on all fronts. Deb game lame excuse for DeVos vote. Lost voters.
you are my senator, and I thank you.
