Not only that, there are certain states that make it legal for police officers to shoot homeowners' pets during raids. That makes me mad
Piss on you. While your rolling a joint ????
He's a twitter troglodyte
It's not a drug  it's a plant that God put on earth so stop making a big deal out of it bring a drug
It's not a drug   It's a plant that God put on earth just remember that
Create jobs for them, not away to sit around and feel sorry for their selves. WPA camp's instead of prison cell's.
Awesome, lets legalize drunk driving, theft, definitely meth. Then we'll have even less 'crime' Thank you Booker! Fondly, the lowlifes
This probably means you'll need a prescription.
I'm not against it, but just like the cancer stick  (cigarette) don't smoke it around me.
Difference is marijuana has been proven to greatly help cancer patients, but its absolutely your right to not be exposed against your will
Ok.
Weed K-Cups: Pot-infused Keurig-style coffee pods are now on shelves
There is no war on drugs...it's an excuse to bother black ppl
Alcohol kills 90k Americans every year. Marijuana -0-
Another ASS hole, bad as Sharpton and the rest of Chicago 7.:-)
William Randolph Hearsts  propaganda&paprinterestsovrhempis dead Anslingerslawszaneytosaytheleast it'stimewewokeupandrealizedits2017!
What he wants, is the slice pharma's promised to him after the drug companies have a legal monopoly over a fucking plant. Well DONE, humans.
CORY BOOKER 2020!

He's a pharma bro.
Swampy, just for a second let's assume you are right about @CoryBooker . . . So? . . . Is that a good reason not to support him on this??
It's public record that he has taken sizeable donations from pharma, as have many. It's disheartening when we are trying to get ppl covered
But legalizing pot will pharma the biggest. Right now millions are learning pot helps far better than pills.
Go Mr Booker. You are absolutely correct.  It would be a blessing if your bill was passed
This is a good step, now @CoryBooker needs to stop taking big Pharma $ and voting no on lowering prescription costs. No 2020 run otherwise.
The AG doesn't make laws, they enforce them.  It's your responsibility as a Senator to change the law.  Are you really that stupid?
What does he want in return? And what does that mean for non-violent drug offenders already in private prisons
End the 'Prohibition' on Marijuana: Great that Senator Booker couched the argument with this weighted term. 

#Smart
Actually, it is just removing the political language we're used to and speaking in a straight forward manner.
Finally someone with common sense
Lol my birthday is on 4/20  it's a damn good day for me
One toke over the line sweet jesus!
#ThankYou For #SteppingUp For=#GodsOil
#Reschedule #Marijuana #As #Wine~Rv6:6
#Police #Military+#Employment=#ALLWIN 
https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&vertical=default&q=Police%20%401993FreedomAct&src=typd …
Thank you Mr Booker. What a great petition and a positive note for the pain industry.  Count my vote.
Cory Booker, keep trying, this is important. Imagine if there were jobs for everyone, healthcare for everyone, almost Eutopia!
Uruguay had done it already with success..follow that example.
Don't forget, we also need to reinstate their voting rights!
It's about time someone with some sense came to the table thank you for your hard work Senator Booker please run for president in 2020
Thank God! Please run for president in 2020!
Love this guy 
You are a wise man..this ABSOLUTELY needs to be done.
One thing as a citizen of New Jersey I can say is that I'm proud we have @CoryBooker.
Great day in America!!! Pray for this bill to be furthered
thank you Senator Booker for caring!  we love you!!
https://www.gofundme.com/lossing-everything-need-help …

I was fired for using medical marijuana, man claims http://dlvr.it/PSMRrV  
He can't be alone on this . Is he??
Frank discussions needed. Decriminalize. Treatment.
The taxes collected could help fund the Medicaid expansion in every state easily
It's not a drug. It is a natural plant. Start there.
Good for you! Booker for Prez!
Few laws more meaningless than those prohibiting marijuana. Less dangerous than alcohol & easily grown, should have been legalized yrs ago
It has only been illegal for a little more than 70 years before that they used to give it to babies to help with colic.It's all about money.
Are you insane ? A Nation of Pot Heads ? What's next ? Heroin ? Cocaine ? Dems are complete idiots.
can we stop using the term "Marijuana" it's called cannabis, you bigots!
It's tax revenue pure and simple!  You can't wait to spend that money for political gain!
You have my vote
Maybe don't vote against lowering prescription meds next time.
I'm all in
It will also make more room in prisons so we can keep away from private prisons.
People are so uneducated on this topic! This is as natural as growing tomatoes in your back yard! It has done wonders for ptsd. I know!!
The war on drugs was and is a multi-billion dollar scheme to ensure that an entire generation of black men stay off the voter rolls.
Nobodys life went to hell after cannabis. All sorts of medicinal value. Govt hate it cause makes you mellow and think twice bout their bs
All drugs shld be legalized and under the control of governments instead of in the hands of mafia and gangsters. Especially drugs that heal.
First smart thing this guy has said since like ever!!
yes.
@SenSchumer @CoryBooker 2020
@CoryBooker @SenKamalaHarris  2028
so you people think marijuana equals all drugs?
The only way a politician wants something is so they can make more money for themselves.
Or more money for all of us..
Hey @CoryBooker, are your pharma masters okay with this? They'll lose some money. Just like the Canada deal.
Good luck with Granny Clampet as Attorney General.
But @CoryBooker is against buying less expensive weed from Canada because he's in the pocket of pharma companies right you hypocrite
Amen To that!!!
I don't trust him one bit, legalize, yes, but keep this guy and his drug company owners away from it.
what is your plan to get money out of politics?

Too bad it'll never work
u must be smoking it Booker u racist.  I didn't know Charles Barkley was your older brother?
If you want for the bill to pass in 2050, tie it to race and gender. Make it a SJW thing.
In my county the court just sentenced a cop who was a pedophile and incest for 10 years. Then a man caught with 2 pounds of pot 40 years. BS
But how will we keep prisons full?
Modern slavery/Full prisons
So fucking happy other people know that! Keep exposing it.
I know a guy serving more time for holding pot than his cellmate who stabbed someone.
Because the stab victim wasn't big money. Thanks!
Dude is part Senator, part superhero
Anti-hypocrisy man. GOP needs to put down the Scotch, legalize MJ, & end war on drugs.
Makes complete sense to a normal human...gop would prefer a coal powered, oil based, pharmaceutical infused plant...just saying... peace!
Pink Floyd was right all along:)
