WHY WE NEED TO HELP: Trump cut enrollment in 1/2 (then cut more), moved deadline, slashed 90% of ads & gutted 40% of in-person help. 2/
WHAT IS THE GOAL?: I love how co-founders @loril & Jish Peck put it...
SOCIAL MEDIA INFORMATION: Please follow at @GetUSCovered. 4/
I'm proud to serve as a national co-chair along with @Alyssa_Milano @VanJones68 @WhitfordBradley & @drjmariomolina. 5/
Oh but the hospital heads still need to make a million $ or more???
Thanks for all the reporting you've done on this.  It has helped me post my FB newsfeed.  People are hardly saying anything.
I would suggest making the copy and dates more specific: "To get 2018 Healthcare you must signup between Nov 1 & XX"

They are signing people up in Walmarts as well.
Actually they are not signing ppl up at Walmart that was a mistake
Without subsidy payments don't know how this will do us much good. Can you explain please?
Take away congresses health care and give them TRUMPCARE.
Does anyone know what impact, if any, the EOs will have on this year's market? Could I buy a policy & then find changes made or price ?
Republicans like Derek Merrin love to ensure children have no protection against lead poisoning too, right @dmerrin ?
New guidelines and I no longer qualify in TN.  Pre. went from $200 to $900 per month.  Where do we go for help?  Ugh! Pres. is going to kill
ACA worked for me. Better health care, lower premiums. Paid back subsidies at tax time.

Yeah, this needs to get out to everyone
Just got notice from Blue Shield in Cal that they can't quote me a renewal rate rate yet due to "our current political climate".
AmCitizens lets fight2replaceCongressmen that will work4 our country. We need 2 replace the do very little 2 nothing Senators/Represenatives
Will the exchange still offer assistance for this next year?
If UR fighting for indigenous people, big pharmaceutical healthcare is a punishment, another Forced Government “right” #APHA2017
Great! Hmmm, healthcare or rent payment? 1 insurer-so yeah, 50% yrly premium increases. Hmm.... $8k deductible. Sure, sign me up.
Honest question: Do people who need coverage know what "open enrollment" is? I'm moderately well-informed and pretty unclear on the concept.
From my experience - yes. It's how employers refer to it and many have interested at some point. They also generally know its "in the fall"
In the context of ppl who might not have experience w/ employer-provided plans is "open enrollment" more informative than "get healthcare"?
Obviously lots of research & msg testing I'm not aware of! Not my area. Genuinely curious if it's effective for target audience tho.
Cheapest policy in CT thru health exchange. NOT affordable for middle class that can't get subsidies or tax credits
Oooh. Look what I get to give out at @AdvocateKids grand rounds next week! ACA enrollment stickers from @choo_ek 
#GetCovered @ASlavitt @GetUSCovered @Alyssa_Milano @WhitfordBradley @VanJones68 
@choo_ek @DrAnitaRaghavan @pedspophealth
Yes! Also @2018ACASignup - you guys are awesome, and I used your banner for my Facebook background
I the creativity with the stickers! We're thinking of doing t-shirts (the iron-on kind) with our B/W design. DIYw/ impact!
I would get one of those!
@NancyBtown
Why should people even try now. No one has stopped that evil shit stain who IS successfully killing Americans (P.R.) & will continue via HC.
Any orgs filling the funding gap to navigators in cities and states? Would love to help.
Why aren't the state AGs taking Trump to court for his unlawful efforts against ACA? What he is doing will clearly harm people!
They are.  This is NY state AG today.  His press conf is on his FB page:https://www.facebook.com/eric.schneiderman/?hc_ref=ARRIPf-g7hr0HnZwnx13R2Fx0UlVk4B36uJr8FdhnyIyZmMdzagFn57ybRYiiqTqlAQ …
We need a coordinated National Health Insurance Day. Rally influencers, involved media and tech giants, encourage families to talk.
Why are we adivicating to pay the high rates rather than allow people to advocate lower costs & choose what’s best for them?
if you don't get subsidies marketplace is out of control. What do we do?
Please, I implore you to listen. My insurance went from 80 bucks a month to 220 bucks a month after the ACA was enacted. #dothemath
THoughts on Health Share plans?
HURRY UP! THEY'VE SHORTENED THE TIME FRAME, SO GET IT DONE NOW!!!
Please read Jerry Story on Go Fund Me Page, link in bio
Deport them charge them what it costs. Better yet let Chelsea take them in her home!?
Not the government's job to give you medical insurance and you know it. #Disingenuous route to #Socialism. #ChelseaHubbell
Please retweet this message.
Better hurry up- GOP/Trump has been in full sabotage mode since day one on ACA and has stepped that up since January
#PC2A to IG & Reg'l Directors HHS & to CMS abt shutdowns & no promotion of #ACA during Enrollment Details&Addresses https://pc2a.info/OpenEnrollmentACAshutdowns …
Let us know how please.
Thanks
Join the military if you want healthcare coverage.  Obamacare just a massive ridiculous tax hike that Rs don’t have the balls to repeal
One bit of unasked for feedback...  move the "get America covered" to the right side and it could be a twitter banner.   Thx for all you do!
Thank you!!
Being covered is not the same as being able to afford copays and deductibles. Still, coverage beats no coverage.
The Libertarian/GOP Dream: to have all social services (including public service announcements) provided not by govt but individs & corps.
I just learned the administration plans to shut down the site for 12 hours per week during shortened enrollment
done
Yasss
Presuming ok to copy image & broadcast w/ others of like mind, please, Andy? And #gratitude for your hard work to push back on Trump #ACA sabotage.
Andy Slavitt  -- advertising shill for private health insurers.  Stop being a walking billboard ANDY and help implement REAL HEALTH REFORM!
Absolute best health insurance and care reform for America is pictured here:
Are there any ways we can get involved locally? Volunteering?
thank you Andy!!!!
thank you!
NEW: Today launches an effort for American citizens to do what the Trump Administration refuses: #GetUSCovered.…
Keep the ponzi scheme going, folks!
It is awesome that you care enough about all of us to do this. Let us know how we can help.
Judd if you can't pay for your own damn health insurance premiums......find a new career
I have medicare, but I retweeted every tweet that mentioned ACA & open enrollment. Not many followers though.
I just found out enrollment is closed on weekends?!? Make that visible in your campaign please
The website will be “down for maintenance” most Sundays. Not entire weekend. Still ridiculous.

Is there a way to donate to get more advertising?
.@ASlavitt - thank you for doing this.  So important!
I'm one of these people my meds cost $352 a pill I need 90 a month. I need help. I'm out of cancercare meds Saturday!
and progressives think that we need government to do this stuff.  Thanks for proving that wrong.
Commercials are on again and again
Can the TV stations pls run some PSAs for individual health insurance markets?
NY has its own
Some other #ACAsignup graphics compiled here
American citizens dont want it-its why Dems have lost 1000+seats. Progs want it. So many have suffered, gone bankrupt and left uninsured
Are there offline actions people can take, to reach pops not online? Would flyering help?
I would love to join
I received my .@BCBSAssociation letter yesterday telling me from 01Jan2018 the #SilverPlan will no longer be available. Thanks #TRump #Fail
They won’t be offering any plans here in N GA or Atlanta. Leaving most of the state.
With funding for navigators cut, does this effort include recruiting groups that will deploy CACs?
Yeah, here in TN, enrollment means zip since no doctors or hospitals accept it. Just ONE reason why I would NEVER vote for KILLERy. #MAGA
More Anti-Trump BS from you resistance haters. More interested in resistance than governing. ACA has failed, and it's all on you.
#NewMexico go to this FB page for info to help our citizens complete timely sign-up for #ACA #nmpol #healthcare https://www.facebook.com/groups/NewMexicoACAproject/ …
PLEASE JOIN me in sharing this. Trump trying to sabotage #ACA by cutting enrollment ad budget by 90%. Not on our watch! #GetUSCovered.
DJT said he didn't care about people's back pain or knee surgery! Global issues and NK, and NFL are more important! 
.@EnrollAmerica connector tool still up, managed by @YoungInvincible to help people get in-person help. Would you add it to your site?
Are there different individual state rules? It appears there is a diff timeline here in KY for those "re-enrolling." Little fanfare on it.
The letter I got stated I could choose another plan or 'do nothing' and keep same plan. If changing, I had 15 days before and after national
That sounds about right to me. If your plan is available for 2018 and you want to keep it, you probably don’t haven’t to do anything
2 years in a row, I’ve been notified my plan won’t be available and have had to reenroll for my family of 5!
KY initially won awards on ACA signup but not NOW as KY (R) Gov Bevin is part of team sabotage. Refuses to maintain system. He's not alone.

Thanks that would be a great day ahead of me I will need a little bit of medical care and a home car and the start of my life
Admits Ocare has failed
Jesus Christ haven't you people done enough damage? Bc of u my premiums doubled & my deductible quadrupled. Please just go away. You are hurting people who need help.
Do you have a full time job with insurance? Do u have a pre-existing? Do u know ACA's being sabotaged? Because of u, things will get worse.
Yes, because it is altogether fitting and proper for young healthy men to be compelled to buy maternity care by the federal government.
Having DearLeaderCare isn't enough, you also demand perpetual marketing of it. Imagine being the kind that demands the govt provide for them
How can I volunteer to help people navigate the enrollment process?

https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=odfd5qf9oiQ …
The ousted crook had already put Obamacare sabotage in motion. DISGUSTING...
I will miss you
This is a nice sentiment, but all the plans available to me are either very bad or way too expensive.
LMK if you need my team to work on graphic resizing for you. This is too big for Twitter header. And the logo is hidden by avatars.
Can you do it? I'm reaching out to Twitter college groups willing to push with headers.
Will I be fined?
@SenBobCasey @RepBrady 

Don't let neglect hurt #RealPA
REMINDER: Thanks to Trump site closes down on weekends, when most people enroll. Enrollment time is also cut short!! Register early.
I couldn't afford it last year, I hold out little hope this year will be different.
I assume you might have been able to if Florida had expanded Medicaid. It is one of the state's which opted out.
Your 100% right.
Any way to edit this graphic so that the website is right/ justified. Good to use as FB cover but not in this format.
Some other graphics here
Thank you! trying to share a note with graphics ppl that they should think about this. Cover photos make great advertising billboards.
It would be nice to have a website setup with enrollment  flyers for each state.  Are there legal issues with being a volunteer navigator?
Some other ACA enrollment graphics are compiled here
Like your post! We would like to invite you to see a cartoon about Trump.
