3 GOP Senators are heroes tonight because they chose the country over party. Thank you McCain, Collins, and Murkowski.
48 Democrats & 3 GOP saved the ACA my Mom, Aunt & I thank them all.
Thanks for staying united and opposing. Glad to be from New Jersey, stay Jersey Strong.
time to do some non-partisan work...you guys can do it. Take the lead...time to work for all Americans
they can't work together they want single payer hell no
Hopefully Tom, they can work together. Everyone is going to have to give some, and compromise. No one can have it only their way. #hopeful
time will tell
make it easy give the American people same plan you have
The entire lot of them are ridiculous as well as their leader
I can now go to bed in peace thank God!
Thank you!
Great news. Now let's work to reduce the costs.
celebrating really pathetic
Meanwhile, as you celebrate, the exchanges are folding like cheap suits and premiums are rising exponentially, great work? Hardly party 1st
Thank you and @SenJohnMcCain
Sir, you're usually spot on, but this time I think you fell short by not recognizing the three Republicans who voted against the repeal.
I prayed everyday they didn't pass this no good bill great win for the good american people
Thank u for fighting for Americans well being, happy to have you represent me in NJ! So relieved!
Indebted to you & @SenatorMenendez.  Yes, the fight will continue & we will be there with you.
Cory Booker is a fraud.
SENATOR YOU AND ALL !MAKE PEACE WITH THEM !WE SHOULD LOOK TO THE FUTURE !WE ARE ALL IN THIS TOGETHER!
Keep up the good work!  ALL Americans need health care, not just wealthy Senators!
Thank you @CoryBooker for standing up for American ppl + defending our right to health care! #Trumpcare is a farce you saw thru all along
I'd rather say the democrats winning effort to save the ACA.
Thank you for your steadfast support the last few months during the ongoing efforts to dismantle the ACA!
Just read in @ChrisMurphyCT's email that you were super sick and struggling yesterday. Thank you for fighting into the long night for us.
Thank you for your hard work and dedication to this important cause.
Thank you for all you do to stand up for NJ. Your vote was appreciated.
Just remember when Obamacare fails your to blame lol
Thank you. Now u and rest congress need 2 look at fixes 2 ACA. Healthcare is not partisan.   U all need 2 remember u rep USA and work 4 us.
Great to hear that it failed! Thank you! Now what about bills to ACTUALLY fix the ACA?
Hey Sen, can you give Collins, Murkowski , amd McCain some big huggos for us?
Thank you Sen Booker for all your hard work! Hope we can get work in bipartisan way! Hope U R feeling ok 
Thank you Cory for being that guy to stand up for NJ, I'm born and raised in NJ and I love my state and I love that you have our back....
http://www.philly.com/philly/news/politics/nj/effort-to-decriminalize-pot-in-nj-sees-camden-in-leading-role-20170717.html?amphtml=y&mobi=true …
Thank you Senator Booker, you fight for all the American people, and we appreciate you, your effort, and your voice.
Thank you for your passionate fight to save healthcare for millions of Americans. Much appreciation!
I want the entire speech on you tube @CoreyBooker
And today will be a victory for New Jersey with your resignation. Thank you in advance for recognizing you serve yourself, not constituents.
Thank you Senator Booker!
thank you senator! Finally some good news to wake up to!
Who cares what this idiot thinks?
Proud of the Senators from NJ @CoryBooker and @RobertMwnendez
Did you whisper something in McCain's ear during that hug? I bet you did. Thank you, Senator.
U will never be president Biased Booker
YOUR the one I have to thank for MY high premiums and shit deductibles. NJ will have a say when your election comes up.
Healthcare is a right. If it's not a right, then repeal EMTALA such that unfunded patients with emergencies in the ER are no longer treated.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator for all your hard work on defeating this. The people of New Jersey and the country thank you.
Thank you for your steadfast leadership. You represent the American people and stand up for us when @GOP won't. #trueleadership
Now on to drug price reform.  You pay the HIGHEST in the world.  How are YOU going to vote Senator??  FOR or AGAINST the People? #Resistance
@CoryBooker how will you fight 45s sabotage of the ACA? He is currently cutting off help for those who need it.
Your speech tonight was very eloquent. There's been so much crazy that when you hear something civil and eloquent it is quite moving. Thanks
You talk a good game Cory but will you vote for #HR676 #MEDICARE4ALL.... I think not!!  I thought that you were a good guy!!
Thank you for your hard work.
Pls run for president.
Thank you Cory, but the fight isn't over. Stay strong, the American people need people of integrity to stand with them!
Thank you Senator Booker 4 ur leadership & passion on this issue. Now, please chase Russian Rat out of WH.
Thank you Cory you are our fighter 
the chance for the democrats to come up with concrete ideas for a way forward. enough resistance, action NOW!
Ask extremists to take a seat (Congress & voters). Moderates can make this happen. Take the best from all ideas. Compromise and consensus.
Thank you.
Thanks for your hard work tonight, Senator Booker.
Thank you for standing up for us. Looking forward to seeing the bipartisan solutions to the weakest parts of ACA.
Thank you for your hard work and amazing speech againt the bill! #SaveTheACA
Thank you for fighting so hard.
THANK YOU SIR. Heartfelt appreciation. Well done!!!
Thank you for your hard work, Sen Booker!
Thank you!!
Thank you. God was watching & listening.
Thank you, Senator! I couldn't be prouder to have your service to our State! Keep up the good work!
THANK YOU!
Hallelujah... I can sleep soundly tonight
Thank you @CoryBooker for your tireless work, we appreciate you!
Thank you Senator.  
How you didn't gain more "NO" votes after your speech opposing the "skinny repeal" is beyond me!! You are a genuine man of the people! 
I've been just about holding my breath for the past hour. Thank you so much for your part in this vote!
Get to work fixing it together now...well soon
@KudzuCoalition @KudzuFrannie
Senator thank you for your impassioned speech and your general awesomeness.
Big sigh of relief!
