It’s clear that the Trump administration’s intent with this executive order is the same as it was with the first.
They are trying to exclude refugees and immigrants of a certain religion from entering the United States.
The previous Muslim ban was rejected by millions of Americans and blocked by the federal courts.
This reckless and un-American executive order once again blatantly defies our nation’s highest ideals and makes our country less safe.
I will fight every step of the way, this renewed attempt to play the worst kind of politics at the expense of our most cherished values.
As history has shown us, so will the American people.
See you in court (again), @realDonaldTrump
Can we slow down the dismantling of the Environmental Regulations? Or is that a lost cause?
Booker this not Muslim ban it's a terrorist ban w/impact 2 improve safty in USA. Rmove hate open mind & understand reality
then Mr. Booker you take them to your neighborhood and let them live with and beside you sir
-- @CoryBooker has done just that and so have I.  Newark & NJ is a tapestry of peaceful immigrants.
I wasn't talking about immigrants  about grown men not fighting 4 their country/no néed 4 refugees
I respect your opinion & hope that if you are ever in need others are more generous than you.
So, if it is a Muslim ban, why then is Saudi Arabia unaffected?  They are all Muslim.  Top 5 Muslim nations not on the list
Saudi Arabia work side-by-side with the United States that's why they're not on the list they actually were some of the people who helped funny 911 and we owe them a lot of money they're very rich and they have a lot of oil so American do not mess with them
In 1972 Nixon negotiated the petro-dollar with OPEC.  In exchange for military protection the Saudis (and others) agreed to only accept U.S. dollars for oil and to reinvest their profits in dollar back securities.  

Any nation that attempts to leave this system gets "liberated"
Trump did not ban Muslims from countries he does business in. This obvious exception is not being reported. Why?
At what point did your IQ chart slope down and to the right?
So.
You have  a problem with a ban. Adopt you up some and enjoy
And you are still a phony racebating leftist Dem who takes big $ from Pharm industry, while smearing honest Sen Sessions.
@brickcitylive Yes it is. Suck it up
Stop trying to keep us divided. You know damn well it is NOT A MUSLIM BAN!
@wendyvoss @SenBookerOffice it's a terrorist ban prevention...
let them stay at your house.
how many live in your neighborhood? Your house?
..When Obama did the same thing...Did you object!!!!???
Please explain how a ban of a religion works when 90% of the areas where this religion is, is not included?
And your point is???
Should clean up his own town and leave the country to our @POTUS. . Stop whining!
LIAR.
can you just focus on your tax paying constituents and their welfare for once?
Douche
#MuslimBan is a good thing. Wake up. Nothing good ever comes from Islam. Ever.
your suicidal with your life and more importantly the lives of Americans.
There are 196 countries that have a Muslim pop. We are saying 6 countries. exactly how is that a ban? @RepStevenSmith
So?
not a Muslim ban Dufus!!!
yup
please explain how it's a Muslim ban when Indonesia, Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Kuwait I could go on with the 89% of
Muslims NOT affected by this travel ban, please for once in your life quit lying
keep supporting terrorism and you will loose every election.
Exploitable votes over national safety ay senator.
You make a bold statement but you're too much of a coward to defend it. Go on @nj1015 and discuss with @BillSpadea #COWARD
How about working with the President instead of against him? Sick of the fighting and the name calling. It's not productive
You and the rest will be the first to cry out for tougher restrictions the next time one of these "refugees" does us harm.
Rebrand this - how about supporting the actual citizens who you were voted into office by? Protect us, not the illegals.
What visa tracking system do we have? Collaborate, don't hate. Give us infrastructure.
if @SenateGOP @HouseGOP continue 2 defend/support dangerous paranoia of DJT/Bannon @GOP seats will b LOST-Careers Ruined
sir it is not Muslim's that are being banned. It is a terrorists ban.
Thanks for the simpletons analysis.
let's talk about @realDonaldTrump  & Russia & tax returns. Don't let him deflect what's really going on here!! #Resist
If all entrants from those countries are banned, then it's not a Muslim Ban, is it now?
I mean, far be it for a Canadian to point out the obvious.
But lots of OTHER Muslims are permitted entry, aren't they.
It's almost as though you're spinning something for outrage points.
Seems like cherry-picking.
Thank you.
Amen
@davidcicilline Speak truth to power!
Did Mr. Booker not know that most terrorists in the world are Muslim ?
THANK YOU
Ur a racist liar, and u and The Dems need to stop spreading the lie of a "Muslim ban" cause u know that's a lie.
@CoryBooker Proud to have you represent me sir! You & @SenatorMenendez seem to be only sane senators.  Keep fighting.
it's not a Muslim ban though....
actually it's not clueless Cory.
better than it was but what's the point? Can 45 even make the vetting process more safe? Already 18-24 months of questions.
Thank you Senator Booker! #MuslimBan #MuslimBan2 #NoBanNoWall
So there are no muslims in Iraq, Saudia Arabia, Pakistan, England, France?
wow, who would have thought an US senator would lie?
go away! Americans want America to be safe!!
Then maybe Trump should listen to national secuirity professionals who say this ban makes us less safe.
but it was ok when Barry did it....?????
Read the news- FBI probes involve 300 people admitted to U.S. as refugees: congressional sources
What are you proposing to protect us?
if only you understood the difference between a ban and a temporary halt. Quit virtue signaling.
I'm Irish but lived w/Muslims, wonderful ppl! Look @ Israeli airport 4 safety, 2nd 2 none! 9/11=none came fr. banned cnty's
Yes, your Simple. I want a safe America.  Nothing new here Booker
OMG...and you are actually a Senator. You and the Dem Party are self- imploding. Sad!
@sparkychick3233 Don't take your eye off the ball. Trump/ Russia connections. Now maybe money laundering for Iran
Says the man that is for  the paharma company.  Says the backstabber and  self centered  senator. Liar , liar.
someone just posted a screenshot of the WH website that STILL says "Muslim ban" so...
@georgelopez
WRONG AGAIN
shame on him.
@georgelopez it's not a Muslim ban lmao.  What the media does to y'all is dumb
You are using #AlternativeFacts and making 1B+ Muslims into non-entities, because they are inconvenient to your agenda.
Your logic will be ignored, the muslim ban narrative fits their agenda better.
@kathyprojo Always politicking aren't we Cory. cant wait for 2020 can you. lol
yup like I always say--you can put lipstick on a pig....it's still a pig!!
@theonlyadult Damn Senator, you've got a large Russian following. #RussianTrolls
You know you're on the right side of history when you read the comments by those who don't think this is a Muslim ban.
Still unconstitutional.
The only travel ban Trump should sign is his own:
Do your job
You're still very very ignorant.....

Plain and simple, your constituents say you're an embarrassment to New Jersey
@DameJEMarshall
you are a disappointment on many different levels.   lost confidence and trust in democrats & there you are sucking up
#Liar #FakeNews #Resign
A rebranded lying Democrat is still a lying Democrat.

Plain and simple.
yes indeed!
So was the Iranian ban, and the one Obama did.
funny you use the word "rebranded" since Islam still practices slavery in the world 
do ur job!!! Protect American citizens
What's been done about those actually hurting people (pssst...they're white men)?  #Racism #WhitePrivilege
@DaShanneStokes 

I will just leave this here.
Can you give me a list of people who the countries in this Muslim ban have taken hostage?
Keep going Senator the more you push the weaker your whole party will become!
@DaShanneStokes  your clueless its not a ban against Muslims read the provisions #doyourjob
Simple would be the best word for you sir.
@SenateDems Hyperbole is still hyperbole.  There is no #MuslimBan. These orders affect only 15% of Muslims worldwide.
#DesperateDemocrats plain and simple.
He's still trying to put lipstick on a pig. It's still a pig.
@Zac_Petkanas Not a #MuslimBan. Please learn to read. Stop the fake narrative
How can it be a #MuslimBan if 85-90% of all Muslims aren't affected?
it was never a Muslim ban in the first place
I'll cut to the chase--You'll never be president and sign #ExecutiveOrder s.
and you are still clearly unfit to serve..plain and simple
@realDonaldTrump @TuckerCarlson  Cory You are being Educated by the Best as you Followed the Worst.
Then stand up and declare your opposition to continued white supremacy.  All of Congress must do this NOW
wow you are a comedian gone sour
The new ban is a new gift to ISIS.
and a Senator who says one thing and does another is still a lying hypocritical shitpile !
6 countries is Not a muslim ban !the Idiot Liar in congress is LYING !
Stop Lying booker. same as U did on Sen Sessions! Commonsense has come back 2 America!
Should have happened many yrs ago. If they were just targeting blacks would u stand for it? Not
If a majority of Muslims from every other country can come here, it's NOT

Where you when Obama did this? Under his desk
Call it whatever you want. Purpose is to make America Safe, and you want to fight that? Where were you when Obama  did it?
I called you 5 times about ACA repeal being this week. Come on be aggressive against it
@babsben if DT intended this "travel ban" to be a "90 day review" of current policy, shouldn't it only have 53 days left?
No it isn't!   You are lying!. Muslims are mentioned #pathetic
270 million muslims are still free to come here but of course that doesn't fit your agenda.
Its pretty much the same ban minus Iraq. This ban will also be struck down in court.
Care to bet a paycheck on that?  I made money on the election with a bunch of you folks.
.@SenBookerOffice It can't be a #MuslimBan if it contains no ban on Muslims. 

Plain and simple.
#asshat
it isn't actually. I still don't see all Muslim countries banned
A hypocritical Senator is still A hypocritical Democrat
do you  want to keep America safe?
Why is Congress dragging ass about immigration reform?  That should be the way to curtail this idiot.   @SpeakerRyan
yes, that's what I figured.
