Obamacare is failing,inner cities & education are in shambles,people are over taxed,but your mind is on weed & reducing criminal's time. SMH
Obamacare is not failing unless you're in a state with bullish leadership who refused to expand Medicaid
you must be in a red state.....
I'm in a Blue state and it's failing here too. Stop lying to yourself
Which state?
NH
Thanks GOP bullies...http://www.unionleader.com/article/20170801/NEWS0621/170809896/-1/mobile?template=mobileart …
Yeah, nope. Sorry, there will be no bailouts at the expense of the tax payers this time.
Good thing he is focusing on important matters. 
American citizens wasting away in prison for having grass in their pocket? That's damn important.
Not to mention a welcome alternative to prescription opioids that lead to addiction which usually leads to crime.
So your "logic" is no crime associated with weed. MS13 proves you wrong.
I honestly can't believe you're this dense. If it's legal, then gangs won't be suppliers of it anymore. Legal business will...
Because the cartels have always shown a trend towards peace.
No, they aren't peaceful. But people won't be buying from cartels because they can buy legally from US businesses. This is not complicated.
That's also more taxable product for individual states to profit from and reinvest in other state run programs. See Colorado
I have been an opponent to you before, but I am glad to see you on the right side of this issue.
It's a great concept, but Conservatives aren't going to fund rehab programs
Not a requirement, really. Drug usage rates fall with legalization anyway. Tax money can easily be re-appropriated to fund them later.
Act like you're talking to a conservative. I don't disagree. Whole war on drugs goes down, tax revenue goes up. But there are ppl against
There are certainly people against, but I think there are strong arguments to make to conservative small government types.
We need to eliminate this ideology where we defeat a proposal before we even try out of fear of Republican opposition.
But if we can legalize it federally, that is huge step and possibly doable. If we have to spend to do, won't have enough votes #Government
It should not require a cent of spending. They just have to change its drug classification.
Hope it passes! The SECRET COMBINATION OF BUSINESS AND POLITICS hates Marijuana: it's replacing OTC drugs @worldTHumP
Finally!
The widow of #Indianapolis officer Lt. Aaron Allan thanks you for deluging the streets with this hallucinogenic. NOT. 
JUST SAY NO!
Go, Senator, go. Don't let anyone turn you around.

Thank you!!!
You may be a #Libtard but you're a good libtard.
It's about time to bring this out in the open for legalization.  Marijuana has been stigmatized as a gateway drug, no proof.
Thank you for your leadership on this issue. Economic justice and racial justice is central to marijuana legalization. Sane and overdue.
Anyone else see this as an emancipation bill? #FreeTheEnslaved
Thank you
It's a long shot with Sessions as AG. Sessions mind is petrified. His policies are archaic and destructive. He wishes it was still 1950.
Thank you! My mom has been in horrible pain for 3 months, even tho we have med marijuana here her Dr refuses to prescribe it for her...
Instead he prescribes meds that have terrible side effects or are addictive. That's not a choice! I hope your bill gets the support it needs
As a chronic pain sufferer for 10+ yrs, I can empathize. I would like to give this a try. Medical marijuana laws in NJ are so strict & don't
Medical marijuana laws in NJ are so strict, yet you can smell illegal Marijuana in parking lots of convenience stores.
How does this help us. Do your fucking job and bring jobs back to the US
Thank You Senator Booker for doing the right thing. No child deserves to lose their parents over a plant. Ever.
Oh please. This is more virtue signaling for pushing for a bill you know won't pass, just like GOP promises for repealing Obamacare. 

He's the best

Legalizing MJ will help rid this country of its opiod  addiction
Pharmaceutical companies make a shit ton of money off the opiod epidemic. Can't have people switch to a drug they can grow in their backyard
Still don't trust him, Still won't vote for him
Insane that it's illegal. & insane thinking those bloodsuckers you work with will pass this (or anything that makes sense). But it's a start
Thank you #MarijuanaJusticeAct
Your bill isnt landmark. Just stop. Its already been proposed by one of the greatest women to serve in public office. @TulsiGabbard
Yeah it was a bi partisan bill that I dont think you supported, but you gonna try to steal her ideas and pass them as your own. Classy.
Decriminalization isn't the same thing as legalization. Decriminalization just reduces penalties. Good article on it-
here is the of HR1227, the text calls for Deregulation of Marihuana, and Removal of Prohibition of Import and Export
https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/1227/text …
Did @TulsiGabbard already propose a bill to end the Federal Prohibition on Marijuana?? So you want the brownie points for this?
Its time.  Legalize.
THANKYOU !!!! ABOUT TIME!!
Keep up the fight. Jeff Sessions hates it, but he's unfit to serve. You're very impressive on @RachelMaddowSho tonight.
This Booker... we're watching
Watch out: He's probably going to help Monsanto & Bayer take control of it.
This is the text of Tulsi bill 2 remove it from Controlled Subtances and Remove the Prohibition of Import and Export
https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/1227/text …
Thank you!!! Best cure for ibs & ADHD - but it would make me a criminal. Why do I have to suffer while humans just hours west of me don't?
You should move. I did. Back to work after decade disabled from autoimmune diseases all thanks to pot and #Colorado
Unfortunately I'm divorced & my ex is a firefighter - the kids need us both/so my kids or my health? @SenSasse @SenatorFischer please listen
We know why...
Nice... Now how are you and your Ilk going to take back house or Senate in 2018?
I support this 100%. It is an important issue to MILLIONS of people. Don't let the naysayers tell you this isn't virtuous enough a cause.
Jeff Sessions isn't going to like this.
You must be pretty excited to finally have the chance to experience marijuana.
Percs, Oxy, & Xans, are the gateway drug straight to the boy, Heroin.
What about all the pharma and banking money you take ?
You are as corrupt as your republican friends.
#PrimaryDems
I think it's a good idea Taxes from it could help rebuild infrastructure and provide healthcare for all Americans 
@CoryBooker -I know ur intentions r good however from a medical & pharmacist standpoint here's what marijuana does. http://www.saragottfriedmd.com/top-10-brain-and-hormone-effects-of-marijuana/ …

Landmark Bill? Talking in 3rd person? I've seen this scam b4, rehabilitated Dem now a people's champion. Another BULLSHIT re-brand attempt 

My pain doc won't prescribe my regular non-opiod med if I also use marijuana because even though it's legal in CA, it's not federally legal.
I pray this could pass this Congress but with the GOP and Trump my hopes are pretty dismal
Good luck with Sessions as AG

But he'll still keep taking TONS OF MONEY from Big Pharma right?  That really helps the Opioids addiction I tell ya.  Hypocrite!!
He's receives more contributions from right wing Israeli PAC NORPAC than any other politician in the country!
it's about time, the states that have legalized it are making tax $ in the millions
Didn't he side with big pharm not to reduce the cost of meds in his state?
It was never about weed. It was about taking away the voting power of young, liberal, and black America. Ehrlichman admitted it in '94.
Its about time SIR!!!!
Absolutely. 
It's about time! Nice work, @CoryBooker!
He hopes that this will give him more name recognition and help him gain more popularity for a presidential run.  He is a clown!
Thank you! I have friends who live in states without legal pot that could use it for pain! Instead, they get harsh opiates! Awful! #Legalize
This bill has no support, because you call the plant marijuana, it's called Cannabis for a reason buddy.
@creyes143 @ColeWhrit our guy 
Cory Booker is the coward who talks tough when people are holding him back. Where was he when Obama could have rescheduled cannabis?
Any conservative that supports limited federal government should support this bill
Senator, thank you. This should be a nonpartisan issue. I'm a conservative who supports this. There are many more like me.
@KyleKulinski @davidpakmanshow I guess big pharma lost their bid for cory.
Never happen while GOP is the majority.

Cory Booker is high
I have been off opiates almost a year now & using #mmj instead. Got my life back!  This needs to pass
The man makes me shiver but #LEGALIZE it already   
You go Cory. Ridiculous and racially based law from the beginning
Shelia likes  " Gardening "...Me too...
"Grow your own" is my motto

Green Hearts
Go @CoryBooker - you are back on my good side. 
Hope Sessions and his gang don't campaign against it! Thank u @CoryBooker! About time!
Ive never inhaled, but the, "War on drugs" is not what stopped me. Or my 4 children. Trillions wasted. No more wasted money. Ha, "wasted" $$
Too bad we couldn't even get a Democratic nominee for president to support it. Millions of people of all races and genders are effected
Well pass it then we'll start to talk if you are eligible to even start to think about running.
Should focus on improving health care, reduce the cost of prescriptions, improve the  quality of life for seniors and veterans and more
We got you on this - focus the resources on education and infrastructure- and healthcare
.
there is bigger fish to fry leave this for another day please Your day will come after You guys do something to stop this draconian admin
It's Time!
Go get em Booker! My kid had cancer and pot brownies allowed him to hold food down. It wouldnt be here if God didnt mean for us to use it.
Yaay!
Thank you Senator. We got to get back to common sense for greater good.
Cute, sure your pharma donors aren't happy, but this isn't gonna win over progressives, try introducing Medicare for all
My father is suffering with cancer but can't get relief because it's not legal in our state.  
Wait. How will Jeff Sessions fill his friends' private prisons?
When I think of...
Booker: Multitasking mo-fo. The world can't stop bc trump is an idiot

Pot: Nevada. Legalizing exceeded our expectations
Hey Booker I see you are down to begging for the pothead vote lol
thank you!!!
wouldn't taking away its Schedule 1 designation be easier/faster? Or is this part of the bill?
Corey doesn't work in the best interests of the people. He works for the best interest of the corporations that pay him.
You get my vote
Yeah but how are we gonna keep those for profit prisons that our AG has investments in we can't have rich losing money
Legal weed and free college. That's my type of America
Thank you! Someone who is educated on cannabis
thank you
.@SenSanders & @SenRandPauI should back you on this! #endprohibition #legalizeit #legalizemarijuana
Seriously. Let's end this scam that marijuana is in any way worse than alcohol.
Let's see what happens if the Dems take back the Senate. @CoryBooker will backpedal as fast as possible. His donors aren't having this!
Thank you. It's about time somebody puts out a bill that makes sense and actually benefits everyone.
Landmark?  Walking from 1920's prohibition is OK and running from 1980's drug war is great. Just be sure of the trend you are marking.
I hope this bill passes with the key components. You'll have issues with the funding for rehab and school programs
Thank you, Senator Booker.
Confused Y U would introduce this now when it doesn't have a snowball's chance of passage with a Rep Congress and Mr. Reefer Madness in DOJ
put it to the states, you #haters can vote on it; too many unnecessary resources and $ spent on fed enforcement go @CoryBooker
So big pharma donors can can make more money...
God bless your soul
Good!!! Thank you, Senator Booker
Everyone needs to get on this bandwagon. You're exactly what we need in Washington! #Legalizeit #povertyawareness
Prohibition on marijuana? I'm allowed to possess 9lbs under CA 215 law 
Let .@jeffsessions pry the hash vape from my deftly stoned hands
This just makes good sense. It's a fucking plant.
Legalizing MJ will help rid this country of its opiod  addiction

about time
How about you get it off schedule 1 first so can be better studied.?
We will see how committed he really is!
Well done.
That's really good b/c I'm going to need to start smoking the fun stuff if impeachment doesn't roll around soon.
Thank you for introducing this legislation, esp retroactive. We also need funds for medical research & quality control. #LegalizeCannabisNow
Cory Booker eager to play Trojan horse for big pharma!
You're the best!! Please run for President.

This should be at least a states right issue, if not legalized nationwide.
@SenatorHassan @SenatorShaheen @RepAnnieKuster please support it.
Thank you. And I don't even use the stuff!
He must be up for reelection.
Likely the one and only time I will ever like a tweet by u. Hope u get some bipartisan support on this.
I mean cool and all but describing your own bill as 'Landmark' is like when authors describe their own paper's technique as 'Novel'
do it do it do it ..about time

What thug life is.  Google Durango CO homeless problem.
Make the war on drugs smarter, but not merely looser.
http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-40793540 …
A true war on drugs must start with incriminating celebrities.
Alright I gotta ask where's all those who've had or know somebody's life saved from marijuana & cbd?  This should be re-tweeted WAY more!
He could be a contender for 2020
Holy shit!!
It would keep most of his people out of jail
...

This will never happen w/Sessions at the helm who's personally waging war with the violent (haha) pot heads. Too bad. So beneficial to many!
@stalag13resist @CoryBooker .Don't get excited folks, it's just a lesson in futility'
You are amazing! #Booker2020
We also need to release everyone from prisons who are still locked up on mj charges
Not a dem but I support
Bad idea
Thank you Senator Booker. As an adult American, I have enjoyed the freedom to associate with honest business people when I buy cannabis.
This business already exists in every location in the country. Legalizing it just means we get better products, and better oversight.
Thank you! I have lupus and it would help me so much if it was only legal in my state.
Thank you. I'm 66-y-o & live in Washington the BEST state! Marijuana is legal here! My body thanks me for my last trip to the pot shop!
Superhero keep up the awesome work I know the Jokers hating on you. Love ya. I stand w/ you Senator Cory Booker.
Thank you cause the top lobbyist against Marijuana big pharma, beer co.,police union, jailer and prison union.
Yes! Marijuana better than cotton clothing,1st bible was on Hemp paper, great for Health & Beauty, great use for fuel no war over pipelines

Anything you can do to stop Beauregard is fine by me. That arrogant racist needs his mouth duct taped shut for all eternity.
Thank you for this!
@BernieSanders PLEASE CO-SPONSOR, Sen Sanders!! Cash cow for the gov! Single payer could be a reality!
Thank you.
He needs to be worrying about why he voted for Wray honestly
There's no way this happens anytime soon, even though it should
just so you know, this will not earn you the millennial vote in 2020
I'm sure this has nothing to do with Pfizer wanting in on the marihuana industry. You know. Your big pharma buddies
My Uncle just died of liver cancer via Agent Orange/he was a Vietnam Vet. Helped tremendously in pain management & appetite bc legal in WA.
Holy cow...do we have "weed LOBBYISTS" ,now???
 Please cosponsor this bill @SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein.
Weed kills millions of people each year. Oh wait that's alcohol and cigarettes.
Let's get my reps involved. Cosponsor this bill @KamalaHarris @SenFeinstein @CongressmanRuiz
excellent. could be making ton of tax dollars instead of real witch hunt. it is archaic that pot is illegal.
I would be happy to testify, even if I will lose my job for it and worse! #Marijuana saved me from Dr. prescribed/stolen #OxyContin!
Great work 

Thank you.  At least someone is finally trying.
@Wescalade28
I thought this was a #Libertarian thing?? Smart move though...building in ideas
This is a human thing!
That timing! Right after Deval Patrick announces 2020 bid. Sometimes, I love politics.
Myyyyy Nigga 
Democrats will be winning again with this, since Sessions is pushing the 80s War against Drugs failure. #MarijuanaJustice  #nhpolitics
LMFAO why didn't Obama do this?
Bc Obama is a republican.
Alcohol is legal and it will destroy over a period of time every organ in a person's body !
Rustle up some libertarians! (Old joke: What's a libertarian? A Republican who smokes weed. )
Cory, you need to be working on healthcare - and impeachment - instead of smoking your doobies.
Thanks
Its fucking arkansas what do you expect 
@SenDonnelly time to step up and help progress
You too @SenToddYoung
Thank you Sir.

@SenDems PASS THIS BILL so @AG cant PUT people in Prison for 20 yrs. 4 POT! Think I'm Kidding?  Sessions Mandatory Minimums

