A much more important issue than people realize. Touches on so many other issues. Would solve lot of problems.
Also creates problems - people aren't really looking to hire potheads
It's time to get rid of those reefer madness misconceptions. For example, we now know that MJ can heal the brain:
No one is saying medical use doesnt have benefits
The point is, the "pothead" reference is a term held over from propaganda discredited long ago.
lol from my experience in life I have met many people I would call potheads
And some people who drink are drunks. But most are not &, unlike alcohol, MJ has medicinal & nutritional value, and is remarkably non-toxic.
Pot is illegal. That's the bottom line. Jail those who use, deal, or possess any illegal drug. In this, I believe you're wrong Mr. B
You should look up the history of why cannabis was criminalized, & how many millions of people have suffered. Unjust laws must be changed.
BTW, saw your profile pic, clipped as it is, says fighting cancer? Learn how cannabis can help. Do you think you should go to jail for that?
Marijuana is a drug that shld stop being glorified.
Kids think it's ok to smoke this crap... It isn't!!
Look up endocannabinoid system. You have one in your body. "This crap" could one day save your life, and the life of your loved ones.
Any actual medical facts to back this up?
Google cannabis/marijuana on PubMed, the resource for medical studies. Over 16,000 studies documenting it's medicinal value.
I'm on the side of all drugs are bad and should be used a lot less. This entire country has a drug problem and it should be stopped.
Regarding the serious opioid crisis, overdoses are down avg 25% in legal marijuana states. Theres at least 3 studies on that.
Still don't see the value of legalizing another drug. And in OR, driving under the influence of marijuana has gone up. Not good.
Appreciate your concern however 1) It is so non-toxic, defining it as a drug in the traditional sense is a stretch and
This is great news, Senator. This could have a positive impact on so many people and communities!
How does legalization of an abusive substance have a positive impact? These people need jobs not drugs
I need this for the pain I'm in all of us aren't pot heads
Recreational use is different
WARNING!!!!DUMP ALL SQUARE STOCK...BEFORE THE BOTTOM FALLS OUT
@C_Beach24
Weed ... this is the right way 
Booker is a idiot!!! Just what the United States needs more legal ADDICTION DRUGS! Booker ever hear of the OPIOIDS addiction problems???
Cannabis healed my opioid addiction. Peace.
So your one addiction was replaced by a different addiction!! Man you really got a stupid addiction problem!! Get mental help not drugs
I have a genetic condition that causes chronic pain. If you think I should live with chronic pain, I'm not the one needing mental help.
Pain is just a state of mind in weak people! What's your lame excuse??
Only a weak person would be so angry about something another person does for their healthcare.
Thanks, Cory! Marijuana is bad medicine, but I hate to see the fools who use it sent to prison.
How about less jail time, more community service,and counselling
How about no jail time or counseling, just community service.
How about no jail time or counseling or community service how about that
How about people should just do community service because it's the right thing to do?

Thank you @CoryBooker! It's time @SenateDems & @SenateGOP move to decriminalize marijuana and let non-violent offenders out of prison.
Thank goodness
Legalize it!!
Legalize Cannabis!

#CannabisCuresCancer
Thank you sir!
We appreciate your efforts, Senator. Thank you! #LegalizeIt @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell
Kiddos sir. I'll be following you.
That's great but can you also introduce legislation that gets our incarcerated loved ones home. #CJReform
This would also retroactively free incarcerated persons under federal penalty. He can't change state laws though.
That is fantastic for those with marijuana charges but we need legislation that works for other drugs and white collar too
Actually, I looked through this bill, and I was wrong.
Finally. I was hoping Obama would have accomplished this task. Now we look to you. Kudos, Senator.
did Obama pursue (or threaten to pursue) legal action against states that legalized recreational marijuana?
No, never. Sessions is, though.
@jeffsessions Please monitor this closely! @POTUS This is a very bad move! It is totally irresponsible! Federal Law prohibits this drug!
I would like to watch you introducing revamping @FERC to due real impact studies on proposed pipelines.  We need your help Cory Booker.
Thank You
What about an act to ban lobbyists from big pharmaceutical co's
WARNING!!!!DUMP ALL SQUARE STOCK...BEFORE THE BOTTOM FALLS OUT
The yes c
Made if you saw how marijuana is a gateway drug before young people start & look for other drugs you wouldn't be so keen on passing this
Just come around our own state here in Jersey & almost every person with a drug problem will tell you they started with marijuana.
Definitely sad & disgusted that you support this
Hi Sen Booker, we're working w/ Karuk Tribe in California to take the pain out of cannabis permit applications. Excited by your leadership!
I own a Medical MJ Collective in CA. I specialize in treating cancer patients and vets with PTSD. Cannabis SAVES LIVES.
Overgrow the government!!
I'm not a user, but the state's who legalize it, make a lot in taxes.
Why waste your time? This probably has zero chance of passing.
Drug trade beneficiaries on both sides of law would suffer under decriminalization. Please proceed!!!
I'm all for it Mr. Booker, but being that you have been known to be on the side of big pharma, I'm a little suspicious of your motives.
my son lost his driver's license for 3 years for having the minimal legal amount of pot on him when his GIRLFRIEND got pulled over.
WARNING!!!!DUMP ALL SQUARE STOCK...BEFORE THE BOTTOM FALLS OUT
Marijuana has been here since the beginning of time and is mentioned in the Bible.

How's about you stop the crime in Newark so I can go watch my kids play sports in the high schools without going thru a metal detector
an how much money are you going to get from this?
@SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein please support this bill! 
That's what I'm talking aboutttt
Let's hope it happens
You should try and work with Jeff Sessions on this....he would be very helpful
thanks for showing don't respond to anger with anger. Jesus was.courageous but cared for poor and elderly a forgotten fact
Good luck, hope you can get the old farts to forget 40 years of anti pot propaganda.
Yes I'm voting 4 u if u run .... 4 the whitehouse. Go Sen Go !!
I wouldn't vote for Corey he took big money from the pharmacist an voted no to lower the price from Canada
Honestly there is still hope for our country.  #movingforward
2/2 smoking in parks, movie theaters & outlawed places but not enforced. Please use edibles so we can share the air. Be considerate.
You make a valid point. With PROPER education, that can be easily enforced, as it is with cigarettes and e-cigs today.
1/2 We need better solutions than jail, but don't forget you share the air with those allergic to marijuana. In states where legalized more
I support the decriminization. But not necessarily the legalization.
Who do I have to call to get this more support?
What is the difference between your plan and the one @RandPaul introduced?  Why not work with him?
What?!? And work across party lines?? One thing at time. 
How about legislation to legalize it nationwide?
Congress can't make state laws.
Will help the opioid epidemic, free up current revenue, generate new revenue, create thousands of jobs, and help sick people. WINS!
My man Cory Book... 'THE PEOPLES CHAMP'
Listen to this mans interview on the Axe Files. It's brilliant.


See @Lesperado1 reply. Better to rename as the Cannabis Justice Act (Contact NORML for their input, too.)
Admirable efforts, Sen. Booker.  I don't feel optimistic it will pass Senate & House at this time, though.  Good luck with it.
Senator, this is great. Just imagine if every state promised to use every $ of rev [from Marijuana] sales for education. $ for $. Wow.
IF TRUMP HAS TAUGHT US ANYTHING, IT'S GO BIG OR GO HOME. LET'S DO THIS 
Kudos to you, Senator. Perhaps the states that have already made Marijuana legal should take on the "retroactive" part now? WA? CO?


 heal,s. I,m a patient that feel,s like I finally came back too life. Don't underestimate the power of the flower. Sis lov,s bud.
What a shameful, race baiter! Making drugs easy for children is your big stand? What is wrong with that brain. Massive problem you support.
Do drug dealers check IDs? No
Is any system perfect? No
Better than black market? Of course
This should be obvious to you.
Yes, anything that is bad for us, our children, our society should be legislated to make easily accessible to all! Thats the ticket.
How about less pandering and a walking tour of camden,alone,alone term dark, and unarmed...
Before any politician can introduce bills he/she MUST first eliminate all crime in his/her state? I'm not a huge Booker fan but come on...
Thank you, Senator Booker. I'm proud to call you my own. #RepresentNJ
Do something about longer sentences for people of color ie don't let mandatory sentences given out like candy
well done.
Please refer to marijuana as cannabis. That is what it is. "Marijuana" is the word used to demonize the plant
Either way it's good stuff.
run for president we need  you
Above all else, be there for the people. 
As a person rx'd opoids instead of actual treatment for YEARS,, I can honestly say medical marijuana has saved my life and my family
Disagree
Why?
Absolutely necessary.
Good luck with that Congress
Ily
If that's fancy talk for making it legal then that's a good idea, if it's just reduced punishment keep trying till you get it legalized
thank you senator!!   We need this NOW!
This is DOA with the current R majority. Also, AG Sessions wants to reinstitute the failed 80's war on drugs. I support it but it's doomed
Leaving Boulder CO  as we speak. Marijuana is not an evil. Quite the contrary. #boulder #Colorado got it right.
Book on Cory!!!
Enough already!  This is slowly becoming a lawless society because of people like you! Plus smoking causes cancer!
1) He's properly trying to change a dumb law 2) It doesn't need to be smoked 3) Smoking cannabis has not been proven to cause cancer
Smoking causes cancer. Period!
Good luck!
I know ppl on medical marijuana, helps pain, stimulates appetite, used PRN, calms, plus it's a natural herb w/many routes to administer it.
Enough! This is slowly becoming a lawless society because of people like you! Plus smoking causes cancer!
Thank you, Senator Booker!
I Sir, believe if your hit by a DRUNK, (like me), and literally loose my future,&the option of mmj. I'm prescr. Marinol shows medical value!
given 31/2 years,and almost killed me!! I don't want more pain pills, benzo's, antidepres, I should have the option of mmj if it helps life!
You tell him chuck. Your so right. I back you up, we take a stand this time. Congrat,s on getting off the pill,s.  heal,s. Sis
Our 5 year old depends on medical cannabis to survive. Thank you from our family https://www.facebook.com/Lenislaw/photos/a.556434781191369.1073741828.556151087886405/558864797615034/?type=3 …
No you are NOT our friend
From Washington state, we cannot fathom anymore that people did time for this. Marijuana arrests destroyed lives and families. #legalnation
DID Time? Come on down to Florida.. it s fn stupid here!
Ok I'll give you points for that.
Everyone in Delaware County are related somehow.No Justice
The cop that hit my son claims he didn't see him. I have not received a formal apology. My son was riding his bike- the cop had a stop sign.

Delaware County has something against the black men. A white cop driving a unmarked vehicle hit my 15 year and left the scene
#justmercy #bryanstevenson
My son is a college student and Delaware County is trying to give him a felony. His GPA is a 4.0 OH MY GOSH.
Thank you Jesus my son and friends put their money together and purchased 100.00 worth of marijuana. 25,000.00 bailfor smoking.
Evidently they didn't,t have a med. card or old enough to purchase where you live?
LONG overdue. 
I support this 100%  

it will make us all safer

@SenSchumer @SenGillibrand PLEASE support this!
Good luck! In THAT Senate, reasonable legislation is DOA, matching @GOP integrity.
Good for you.   The Conservative Right is gonna have apoplexy 
If it was at least legally available for medical use it could help with the current opioid crisis.
I think it may be time for a law such as that; for many reasons.
Also Senator you might want to read up on NJ A1114 i NJ that you were unaware of when I mentioned it on Sat.
Thank you
An important first step. Thanks Cory.
Get it done!!! @CoryBooker Get it done!!!!
Thank you Senator Booker, but good luck getting the GOP / Sessions on board.
Thank you for doing work!
Today my Senator! One day perhaps my governor of president? Thanks for all that you do!
I'm rooting for you, but given republican majority, 45, Sessions..
He still watches Reefer Madness
To be fair, I think he starred in the original.
#chingon
