What a narcissistic chump.
Two-faced, back-stabber! No other term so aptly applies.
Then kristi u and those of u who "think" alike can Pay 4 them out of Your pockets not mine!!
stop lieing cory! get to work! congress having a 10 percent favor rating tell you anything?you guys dont work is why daca will be gone.
So take the next 6 months and make it legal and equitable to ACTUAL CITIZENS THAT PAY TAXES. You're elected to represent the citizens!
Can't justify unconstitutional actions through emotions. Nice try there kids.
Turns out he meant "take care of them" in the "our phones are tapped" sense.

congress needs to do tax reform / healthcare then immigration reform in that order / get off your butts and work
Sessions is actually gleeful during his announcement
Of course he is gleeful. He is a white supremacist and mass deportation of POC is their dream scenario.
When is this man not told a lie.  He won't go after LGBTQ but he already why does anyone believe him
Taking care ..as in .if your mom or dad is my wet nurse / lawn gardener sense..sure...
Rs will not let non-white immigrants become citizens b/c they know they will likely vote for Ds. Plus Rs need to pander to racist base.
#Laughable if I weren't in #tears #notmypresident
Chuck Schumer in 2009, we do not support illegal immigration
CS in 2017:  I do not support whatever Trump does even if I supported it in 09
Yeah like all his other promises - he lied and broke it. He really is a moron.
See, big heart, just what Jesus would do!
Oh yeah they are "taking care" of everybody"!
trumps wet dream act.. amnesty for all who serve at my resorts for free (dom)
Why can't you assbags just get along judas priest with this petty bs
Trump rescinded DACA, which was illegally instituted, so that congress will get up off of their asses and do their job!!
As well pres Trump should! 1 reason he got elected!!!
start working then! get your goon squad,nancy pants.chuckels.and rest to make deal with trump and or repubs.close boarder daca=back...
He Is.
Arrrgghhhh!
@SenBookerOffice 
....everybody [that I want to]. That was the true meaning. Then he makes it Senates to resolve. #policycoward
As usual, in his own words.  Shameful. #DefendDACA @realDonaldTrump
He got Sessions to do the dirty! Trump is a stain on mankind & known wealth all his life, He's on a path to rip up @BarackObama legacy too
What legacy? Destroying the oilfield? Or destroying the farm industry? I'm sure there's other choices to choose from
6 months to solve daca for good is taken away? exe orders dont count http://cory.you  no better. come on...stop lieing .
"I have a big heart" my fucking dickhole! #trumpisajoke
We thought he said he had a big heart on DACA, but we misheard!
Like really
What this POS "really" meant by "taking care" was "to get RID of" those he doesn't like!
If Senate Democrats are so worried about #DACA Dreamers get off your A** and do your job!
Lies haven't you all caught onto that and his evilness?When is this disturbing person going to be out office, To save Our country he Must Go
Clearly he meant "take care of" in the sense of "you take care of those pirates; I'll take care of the ninjas".
Trump is a liar, has always been and will always be one. He is a hateful, weak excuse for a man, & has proven he is not a leader
How about their parents who put them in this position?
There's a difference between #legalimmigration & illegal Illegally in US is criminal offense & will B punished Could've done it right
Good job Mr. President
It is time Congress take the bull by the horn an qct
looking for schoolarship in masters if any inform 0799527315
We love DACA save our American brothers and sisters
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi you guys sure do a lot of finger pointing, just remember every time you point your, 3 point back at you. #doyourjob
@SenSchumer this whole DACA fiasco is a direct result of pure cowardice. First you let Obama over step his office, followed by inaction.
You had 8 years under Obama, but you settled for illegal executive action... how's your mess taste now?
You know by "everybody" he means wealthy white people like himself, right?
He can't even take care of his hair.
Wake up now Dems. Wake up and save this country.
@realDonaldTrump how are you taking care of them?
Everything that spews from his mouth is a lie, why be surprised. When will you stop him in tracks instead of stating what we already know
And we are surprised because...?
His heart is cold, dark, and empty.
You need to stand up very strong in support of DACA without giving into fund the wall!
He wants them to build the wall on their way out
You should never have confirmed Sessions. Law and order AG for the past.
We have to uphold the law if we don't then what good is a constitution
But you have the opportunity to fix it, so quit playing around and do something.
Hes right, as usual, only congress makes laws, so he put it to them...go for it you should have done that long ago
They are not citizens
Trump may have a big heart but it is Black, Lying Donald
If Ryan and McConnell bring legislation to the floor to protect Dreamers it will pass. We must push them.
Laughable. Liar in chief shows who he is once again. #ImpeachTrump
List, liar, liar liar, Yellow, mustard-wig on 
Fucking list, liar, pants on fire!
You know Trump has a condition called PATHOLOGICAL/CONGENITAL LYING. He was born with it that's why he exhibits NO SHAME. He is a born liar!

Protect the dreamers! Don't let the President's and AG's inhumanity define our nation. Our table is big and there is room at it for many.
You people r fools if you don't know TRUMP yet. He plays chess NOT checkers.. SMH
What a shame!!!
His "take care" means to #deport 
AMERICA IS FOR AMERICAN'S NOT ILEGALS GO DREAM IN YOUR COUNTRIES OF ORIGIN COME TO AMERICA LEGALLY AND BE WELCOMED BACK THIS IS THE WAY FREE
Nobody believed him did they?  Who trusts this man?
Perhaps it's time for to stop the hateful resistance & work together to get a deal done with the GOP... It's called doing YOUR JOB!
The law is the law Chuck
Sorry Cory the truth is that he has given congress 6 months to pass something. Try being honest for once
What are you doing Mr. Booker?  Please fight for us!!!!!
But he IS a LIAR!
and by turning it over to Congress to fix the broken immigration laws maybe we can put an end to all hiding behind someone elses mistakes
@realDonaldTrump is a LIAR ! Wake up people!!!!!!!

Yes we will gingerly Deport them all!
He's a stinking liar!!
So do your job and create legislation the fixes illegal immigrant problem; instead of continually spinelessly kicking the can down the road
Trump is an evil, pathological liar. He craves the adulation of his power base of white supremacists, bigots, & conspiracy theorists.
Hahahaha Another Obama stain on America Removed. No legacy left for criminal @BarackObama. Remember Losing isn't winning. #DemsAreCriminals
He .  Imagine my surprise!
What kinda world do we live in
LYING SOB!!
Ever notice how delightfully giddy Sessions gets when he gets to do trumps evil work? His whole face lights up at the thought of doing evil
So far he's taken care of no one but himself.
He meant like Vincent and Jules #feedinghisbase
Well what did people think? Coming from a pathological liar and time-proven cad...
>smh<
Plz help me
DACA is not the way you fix immigration and then trade the wall for Amnesty for the dreamers
You can't even take care of our own veterans. VA is worse than ever yet you speak of this? Send the Dreamers to fight the next one.
A small minority over the majority? Congress 
What did you expect from a dam liar?
DONALD TRUMP, THE WAY I SEE IT YOU ARE HERE ILLEGALLY MORE THAN ANY DACA PERSON. YOU NEED IMPEACHED FOR EVADING LAWFULNESS&FOR INHUMANITY!!
Okay we all know he's a liar but we also know you write the laws. Get a bipartisan bill and pass it. Tweeting laments isn't helping DACA
Pontius Pilate Trump has spoken through his goon, Sessions! This WH is a mockery of our institutions!
Duckie has big heart. No cold. I know you like Annette Marion and cpms
You have a big heart from all the steak with ketchup you eat.
WORDS "I have a big heart."
ACTIONS "I am residing DACA."
CONCLUSION = POS-OTUS Trump is heartless and a liar.  But we knew that already.
He did take care of them. He booted them out the country
Add up what we spend on illegals,&what we spend on r own,& surgeries we paid 4 in military transvestite.& abortion,this is r vote,that's why
Maybe because it's your job to take care of them. If you pass the law he will uphold it. Do your job.
Just proven once again why @realDonaldTrump is called the liar in chief. Whatever is coming of his mouth is pure garbage! #impeach
"These Dreamers are Americans in their hearts, in their minds, in every single way but one: on paper." President Obama
Liar
Trump's word is worthless! He's not a man with integrity or heart. Texas is still waiting for his $1million donation for #HarveyRecovery
Every day is a new heart breaking announcement / news report/leak...
See he has a heart
Played!!!
Should have been legislated but as usual you all kicked the can down the road and the Obama took illegal action - give me a break!
What did you give to Texas?  What did the Dems give to Texas...here's your answer USA  don't be fooled, they take and greed is the Devil 
Blame Trump if it makes you feel better, Obama created programs by Executive Actions that are unconstitutional and circumvented Congress.
@CoryBooker Why are you people surprise? U people are the most disappointed group I seen in 48 yrs of voting. Watch to much .
Watch out when little-t says he's got your back. He most likely has a knife in his minds eye.

Cruelty to Cruelty. DACA or no hurricane relief spending. Looks fair to me. DACA AMERICANS ARE NOT PAWNS FOR WALL FUNDING!
Why haven't you passed an immigration reform bill by now? Some of you have been in office over 30 years and just talk. Get off your asses!
Look at OBama about illegal immigration before he broke the law!

He lied!! AGAIN!!!
So much for a day of prayer which did little to change that heart of stone.
May all these filthy Republicans go straight to hell and do not pass go do not collect $200 
Get busy making friends across the aisle.
YOU had the opportunity to correct this under our previous leader you @SenateDems chose NOT to!
@realDonaldTrump
It needs to be rescinded.  Americans first.  We are tired of paying for all these people   When do we get a break?
Just like he has always taken care of things so we're all winners....such an artful dealer...
Please get him out of our White House.  #trump
Make DACA legitimate as an amendment! Then #ImpeachTrumpAndPence and by all means #FireSessions!!!
Jokes
A president in chief who has told the most lies of any president -he disgraces this country daily
@CoryBooker
Republican Senator On DACA Fallout: President Obama Created This Unconstitutional Mess http://trib.al/fBPrIwF 
LGraham saying DT was right,Obama overreached,but Congress will try to find solution-didn't Obama try to get Congress to act but they didn't
That's my recollection-Obama went to an ExecOrder b/c Congress didn't do anything-If that's the case YOU need to speak up NOW.
What can you do about it?? He's also derailing ACA, EPA.
Let #CongressDoYourJob  #DACA
This is not right. Defend DACA
He'll have to fire half the staff at his golf courses and Mar-a-Lago! Maybe Melania, Jr, Eric and the gang can do the housekeeping.
Impeach to whole evil lot
The BIGGEST LIAR was Obama on DACA. Listen to his own words in "selling" it to US Citizens. Just like ACA lies.
Oh right, because Congress would've passed that for Obama. Just like preexisting conditions.
Who has a surprised face?
DACA was Obama's "Deferred Action" and not permanent by his own admission.
#anotherone of his disingenuous statements on national television. The Republican majority of voters morality must be at an all time low.
How can you protect the children and send back parents. Of wait you can not.  That is all you care about voters
They are illegal.
Humanity has gone. It's all about money/greed. People need to love one another & care for others. We are not just here to live for ourselves
It is very sad when Children have to point this out to you @realDonaldTrump seriously. Get a heart for gods sake. Money isn't everything.
Not about #DACA...it's about #Obama
Jeff sessions is the biggest slime ball. Do u see his smirk @JeffSession
The only thing t this idiot does is to undo everything good that Obama did #FuckTrump
With a reasonable roll out. Now Congress needs to do their job. Those that were under DACA can be protected. Start legislating.
Yep, cuz they've done a GREAT job of passing legislation since they won the trifecta of the House, and Senate, and WH.
Exactly right repeal unconstitutional unauthorized law DACA.  Idiots!
The US is not a charity.  If you want to "take care" of everyone, then pass legislation that makes Dreamers legal.  No more ignoring laws.
AMERICA FIRST!
You forget where Trump is from and his background. He didn't mean take care, he meant: "take care of them". Like in concrete shoes take care
@realDonaldTrump is systematically destroying every element that makes America great. How is it possible we let this happen?
Bullshit!
@SenateDems Get your women together!  Cross party lines!  Earn your salary!  Do something!  Save these kids!
He did! Got'em up outa here! 
Step up and save DACA. Do the right thing.
You know what to do. Please do it.
Do you damn job. Help the hard working Americans rather than these illegals. Idiots.
TtRump saying, 'we'll take care of everybody', means only if you are white, christian & male. #IMPEACHtrump
It's sad to say, but that's what he is saying, with these law's he is passing
2/3ds of the 3 Stooges, Pence is MIA
He lied,Its just that simple.
Ummm...didn' DACA just expire? And isn't the daca decision actually the business of congress? & wasn't obama's EO unconstitutional?

What a con man Donald Trump is!
