hehehe band thora idealistic hai. My mum's not here, i can totes feel where he is coming from
done. Elon Musk ka rishta invite kau cancel kerun phir?
Two birds in the bush are better than one in the hand hehe
hahaha it actually does
Love this!
Please everyone pitch in what you can, ObamaCare was not able to fix Cory's Bug eyes.
Happy Mother's Day!
Thank you. That was very touching. Thanks for sharing.
Thank You
Thank you for your activism Sen Booker
Thank you, Senator Booker!  Your mom did an AMAZING job!
Cory Booker puts some sense back into our lives. Thank you, sir.
Thank you Senator Booker for your incredible passion to stand with the American people. We appreciate your commitment in these trying times.
Thanks @CoryBooker  IMO you must have had a hell of a Mom!  Good job, her.
Thank you every in so much, who can live without a mother
Thank you Cory. 
Love you!!
How does she feel about your horrible voting history against your $ friends in big pharma making it harder for older mothers to buy Rx?

Thank you, Mr. President!!
Happy Mothers Day... just don't ask for Healthcare or Prescription Meds because @CoryBooker @SenBookerOffice is a sell out to Big Pharma!
Thank You 
Thank you Senator Booker 
Please keep working to help women with their healthcare
God bless you and have a great Mother's Day celebration:)
Thank you for your incredible, loving message and words!
Thank you
Thank you!
Incredible & unconditional love. That's what makes a good mom!
Wish I lived in America so I could vote for you! More politicians the world over need to care about people the way you do.
Thank you Senator Booker! Happy Mothers' day to your Mom & All women with love & compassion in their hearts!
I will have the best Mother's Day ever in 2020 if you are our new president
Thank you, Senator.  
Stop with the photo ops.
A simple loving message is appropriate.
Thank you! And thanks for tirelessly fighting for all the moms & children of this country! I hope you have a great day!!!
If I weren't a happily married woman...
TY SENATOR BOOKER
First, thanks Cory!! 2nd: I didn't realize Happy Mothers Day messages were political, bipartisan or anti-trump. Less hate, more thank!
How in the world did you find that message from Cory Booker at all political
I didn't. That was my point. It was just a nice, heartfelt message. But looking at others responses..they were trying to make it political.
You are an honorable man!!

With so much passion and love...Thank you! How do I surround myself with more people like you?
Thankyou Sweetie
This is beautiful! Thank you!
I'm a #Newark-born Adoptee, relinquished by coercion to the #adoption industry 50 yrs ago. For first mothers, today is maybe not so nice.
#booker2020
Thank you 
you aren't going to be President, Cory.
Oh stop!
Happy Mother's Day to your Mom, Senator Booker! You, sir, are a fine example of a job well done!
Thanks so much for recognizing ALL mom's! I'm a Godmother if three great kids!
Big hugs to your fabulous and fierce Mom! 
REALLY! W/the PC crap all the time Gimme a break. Cant u just say Happy Mother's Day to the moms? Ur "inclusiveness" diminishes from moms
Wonderful message Cory. Thank you.
Thank you, sir!
Amen, brother
love this, thank you
Thank you!
what a nice message ; Sounds Presidential.
Thank you @CoryBooker for your kind words to women. 
Well said
Thank you, sir!
Cory. Everyone hates you. Including your mom. Just FYI. She tried to abort you, but waited till you were 12, so the procedure failed.
I'm sure your mother is proud.

And thank you to all of those moms who fight to keep their kids in great PUBLIC schools, and don't want your vouchers.
Thank you!
Ah for mother's day I'd love for you to speak at my kids school! The principal used to work with you!

Except for the Mothers who would benefit from cheap imported drugs. Or the ones foreclosed on by the big banks. They can go screw, right?
Thank you Sir appreciate you and your hard work.
Make your mother proud , and don't run for president
