TRUTH:
#DACA REWARD PARENTS WHO BREAK THE LAW,
BY CARING FOR THEIR OFFSPRING;
BUT PARENTS&KIDS WHO COME HERE HONESTLY,
SUFFER WITHOUT JOBS??
TRUTH2: #UNCONSTITUTIONAL #INJUSTICE UNFAIR
CANADIANS & EUROPEANS BENEFIT MORE THAN LATINAS & AFRICANS!!
~WHY REWARD ANY ILLEGAL BEHAVIORS!
AS A MISSIONARY, I SEE AMERICA~
STUDENTS START A COLLEGE DEGREE & NEVER FINISH, RAKING UP LOANS, WORKING 2-3P.T. JOBS~
#DACA IS A LIFESTYLE!
FINALLY #DACA IS THE UNJUST SCALE, TIPS THE BALANCE IN AMERICA! HOPELESS YOUTH & REG. STUDENTS, HAVE NO JOBS, BECAUSE OF #DACA CheepLaborers
CHEAP LABORERS IS:
~WHY IMMIGRANTS ARE FORMED FOR SLAVERY
~WHY WARS/DIVISIONS #DisruptCities
~WHY SANCTIONS LEAD TO STARVATION
ALM #EndDACA
LASTLY~LETS BE WISE & PRUDENT!
THINK AHEAD, REMEMBER GOD WILL NOT LET U "FLEECE OUR OWN SHEEP FOR LONG!"
#WoolOverEyes UNCOVERED! #EndDACA
yet he allows illegals to do illegal work all over nj,dangerous gaspipe work,water that can caus eHealth issues,mold.does nothing to help.
Poor @jeffsessions is clearly allergic to telling the truth.
Think population control..humane but responsible..don't deport but don't encourage further law breaking..accountability?
I can actually show cory over 100s of illegals,illegal contractors and others doing work ilegaly in nj.to homes people buy.no issue here!
Economic Justice,Criminal justice Reform
Should be Obamas pic

What did you expect from the 1939 Nazi germany GOP REGIME of 2017? Goebells would be proud. Borman beside himself w/glee. What's next? Jews.
Please! See Obama's Jun 15 2012 on this issue. It's about the law.
It is about the law.A law that could have been left alone.However, it is more about #GOP's puppet trump's timing&manipulations. Who's next?
Certainly not tax paying federal employees who were furloughed because the Demo picked DACA over them. Shameful!
Dreamers are hard working people. Students, tax paying Workers, Soldiers. The Backbone of our Society. This is Insanity.
 ARE YOU KIDDING ME !!  No they are not the backbone of this country. They are the cancer in this country
Don't you have a cross to burn somewhere?
Sorry that tired old comeback from the silly liberals doesn't work anymore
There are very few liars and miscreants on par with Cory Booker.

Geez why didn't all those people apply for citizenship while they were waiting for whatever. The law says they need to go home. So go.
Education. You should try it.
Constitution, you should read it.  CONGRESS needs to pass legitimate reform.
I never see you this vocal about black issues
This is an AMERICAN issue
Yea well I'm black never really been "American" as u say so HYO
If you are a citizen, I would consider you an AMERICAN (even if you dont) & defend ALL your rights regardless.  I wish you health/happiness
Yea well how come when "lm" killed by these cops u find them not guilty...
I don't believe a have been on a jury where an officer was being charged for a crime against you, but I assure you, I would vote on evidence
My hero
Incredible! Thank you Sen. Booker for shining a light on this issue.
DAILY ACTION: Tell the Senate Judiciary Committee to hold a hearing on DACA ASAP and pass the DREAM Act!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P23L-zY8CeY&sns=em …
What About These Lies Corey???? I'm Waiting!!!
Trump rescinded DACA, which was illegally instituted, so that congress will get up off of their asses and do their job!!
Sing it Senator!! Keep exposing the hate, lies, and fear mongering coming out of the white house! #NotMyPresident
people buy these homes,then have to pay out ass to fix these issues. a lot of stuff in nj is so bad to.dangerous to people. were is cory?
not one liberal vote for bush when he tried to get amnesty done,not one. yet cory big on daca now? wow...this guy is amazing at lies.
ya im cory booker,i dont lie! look at newark! its best city ever...nobody there needs a job. young blacks are fine.they all have jobs!
I understand very clearly what the President is trying to do on these issues you mention. And we support our president! USA
Thank you for clearing up these lies.
At the highest moral level you break the law ...is this IT Gandhi?
But factor in living wage, jobs Americans' don't want to do ..dreamer parent responsibly...help me understand
Neither will Importing More Poverty!! #DACAisaSham
Name one!  I like the one about how Congress continues to let them down by not passing a legitimate law to help them.  #AmericaFirst
MY BAD... the one about  Congress isn't a lie


Who cares what your left wing liberal ideas are.  He is better than the previous president who did nothing.
Corrupt Cory you will never be President ! Stop bashing Our President and encourage progression not division ! Democrats had 8 years to long
This is what it looks like to middle America.
No, it's the Democrats spreading lies about DACA IS DISGRACEFUL!  Watch past videos of Obama and Schumer saying DACA cannot legally happen
$10,000 from the Menendez Cartel.  The world around you is shrinking.
what did you spend that $10,000 on #Menendez PAC gave you.
Everything this admin does seems it's just another evil scheme.
Further evidence that consuming vulpine news meat clogs brain and heart arteries.
Obama by his own words explains daca executive order would by unconstitutional hung by the tongue
Obama admits daca was bypassing the constitution
There sure are a lot of Russian bots replying to .@SenBookerOffice he must have struck a nerve. #DACA #Dreamers #Resist
BS
Your a crook. Get lost.
.@corybooker Even your messiah erased Obama says #DACA is unconstitutional. You have 6 months to solve. Stop whining.
Why don't you do your job & stop the speeches. Get to work & draft an #ImmigrationReform that works. @Potus gave u 6 mos. Stop whining.
You are the one spreading misinformation.  
Obama himself said he didn't have the constitutional right to do what he did!  
Until he did it.
Thank U Cory for speaking truth to the blatant lies of The Racist lying Trump Administration! SESSIONS IS A KNOWN RACIST &  PURGERER!
Are they Americans? No?     'nuf said.
Sen Booker #DACA is illegal. You swore an oath to protect, preserve & defend the Constitution. Either honor that oath or resign.
QUIT LYING!
A country without borders is no country at all
Talk that's all Congress does
When you have kris kobach goes on Msnbc and lied about the Dreamers saying they are criminals and take from tax payers that is a lie.
Why in the hell do you think American citizens should foot the bill for citizens of http://Mexico.You  work for US.
Trumps political philosophy is malice. Where no aforethought, it's become part of his inner being & go to move.
Keep calling Trump out;he is the big diversion on diversity!
YOU @SenBookerOffice  HAVE U.S. CITIZENS NOT BOUGHT HERE BY THEIR PARENTS VIA BREAKING U.S. "LAW" UNDERGOING THIS: https://twitter.com/i/moments/819630790942347264 …
We're dealing with a racist liar in chief. Unfortunately supported by other racist minions. Sessions, chief racist toady.
I agree all of 45 lies as well as is racist hidden agenda.
U sound almost as convincing as Obama. All lies and political sweet talk to all the idiots out there, getting screwed for votes.
Please, that's a misclassification. Clearly he's another Gollum or a Troll, perhaps a Gobblin out of mordor but not an elf.

Ok, well, maybe he's an evil dark elf...
We shld all be offended by these lies!!!
The only misinformation, half-truths, and outright lies I hear are coming out of your mouth Mr. Booker.
C'mon Cory, Dreamers were never safe under Obama's executive order. It could be overturned by any President at any time.
HOW ABOUT YOU FOCUS ON HELPING LEGAL CITIZENS!  AFRICAN AMERICANS NEED HELP POST OBAMA!
DACA. D = Deferred = Time’s Up!    It was Amnesty wrapped up in a falsehood.
Stop it!  You know its illegal as did Obama, Clinton and every Lawyer in this Country!  Executive Branch overreach by Obama!
There is nothing Trump won't say or do to promote racial hate and social bigotry, this division supports his beliefs and gives him pleasure
Dreamers are hard working individuals paying taxes and social security, they are taking care of you sitting on welfare, move over leach.
Uphold the laws we have senator!

Once again, you said it well. These are people who are either working or seeking work. They are contributors. They are NOT criminals.
Is it a lie that an undocumented DACA miscreant murdered Jamiel Andre Shaw a young African American robbed of his potential.
Is it a lie that they are not legal immigrants? No? Ok, yeah, go home.
Not quite clear what the info, truth & veracity is, concerning modifying some policies and implying that means immediate negative actions.
Are you going to run for President? Please? I will vote for you.
Amen!!! I've been telling conservatives this for years now!!! Smh  their morons brother. Thanks for putting it out their though. Salute!
how come these dreamers can't apply legally for immigration if their such amazing 20-30 yr olds?
False!!  You and your democrats are looking to pad your social welfare votes!!  Crooked NJ senators!!!
Sadly, Trumpites believe the lies and half-truths. Sessions is a devious, scurrilous little racist.
I value a reasoned argument. But it won't work. Appeal to emotion, like your opposition. Backup emotion w/ facts. You're missing the point.
Cory, Why don't you have this much passion for our Veterans who are in desperate need of health care, jobs, and housing? Simple question.
Senator Cory, you are the best. Run for Pres. please.
I don't trust you. Your too close to the kushner's & their family. The whole family gave you $$$$$.
no
really Obama kicked the can down the road..someone needs to deal with permanent
Thank you for being a voice of reason.
Cory you failed us in Newark, failed us in Washington and now want us to believe your spin!! Resign

Disgusting how everyone on the left claim the DACA kids r just 'poor kids' when some R disgusting criminal POS. Libs love 2 ignore FACTS!!!
U r despicable!
Republicans realized that past, present and future immigrants want be participating members of our society and that's become a problem.
Use your energy to work for these youth and have Congress give them immediate citizenship no more Mickey Mouse pathways
You need to quit spreading your contempt for Trump and you need to learn to be united and work for the people quit being divisive!!
Any person or persons that understands the purpose of labour rights is a significant threat to the Republicans long game plan.
They BROKE THE LAW period end of story
\
YOY re the one spreading lies DACA & TRUMP..it is INEFFECTIVE. These youth need to be granted immediate citizenship ASAP by Congress.
Thank you @SenBookerOffice, @CoryBooker! #DefendDACA #ProtectDREAMers
What we need to ask ourselves is:  Why one party wishes to end labour rights and the other party wishes to protect labour rights. DACA
No lies, there aren't enough reasons to allow illegals into our country, Obama needed to go to Congress with this bill but decided not to.
It's gonna be a dog fight, Corey. I hope you are ready!
No single answer outside of $10,000.00 a head in each household. Is a start. Laws were broken it's the only equitable way to cover costs.
Obey the law or resign
I am glad you are being honest for once. Now work on the rest of what you are doing wrong.
TWO WORDS BOOKER
ILLEGAL ~ UNCONSTITUTIONAL
Do you remember the oath you took? Was it to ppl from other countries, here illegally? Or was it to uphold the constitution?
As long as get registered by Oct5th can continue same program 2more yrs.Your job is make law-what are you afraid of?
Think we can't smell the  you're shoveling? You took an oath to uphold the Constitution. Honor your oath and do your job. DACA is illegal.
Stand up and defend the dreamers. Thank you.
Aiding, abetting, harboring, hiring punishable by jail time or both-8USCSEC1324 #ICE #DHS
They even pay taxes which we all know trump doesn't even do.
You are amazing! Thank you for exposing the Keebler Elf and Cinnamon Hitler’s outright lies! #TheResistance #SaveDACA
We all know it but nobody say it. @realDonaldTrump  is a Racist. Good Job America x)
If they are all in the shadows as u claim how are so many in college getting a free education?How do they have jobs? shadow argument is bull
Here is all u need to know. It's congresses responsibility to pass laws. Do your job Cory

From the mouth of 44, here you go libs, #DACA must end! .@POTUS, it was meant to be TEMPORARY, not a path to citizenship or amnesty #EndDACA 
https://twitter.com/StockMonsterUSA/status/905259422615666688 … EVEN OBAMA said he was UNCONSITUTIONAL obviously so are you
President Obama is the cruel fool thinking we wouldn't find his town hall clip of him Denouncing DACA as unlawful !
 
#NewJersey If you're tired of lies, vote out Sen Booker. Hey Booker, even Obama knew it was illegal when he did it & said it was temporary




Liar!
#Obamination said what he was doing WAS unconstitutional b4 he did it!
Congress makes laws in case you forgot!
It was NOT legal. Read Art I sec 8 of Constitution giving Congress plenary authority over all things immigration (except nat sec matters).
Stop the http://whining.You  now have 6 months to enact legislation that is the proper legal path under the Constitution.
You now have opportunity to legalize DACA within the framework of reforming our immigration laws and their enforcement.
2 bad u dont know about the constitution or laws. Obama admitted DACA wasnt legal, but did it anyway. u will probably b voted out next yr
Hope it's more than probably.
I just was having difficulty finding the lies? 1. Obama enacted DACA wrongly. 2. Trump is asking congress to do its job, legally. Issue?
U Tell Em Cory 
DACA Kids R More Law Biding Than Their Accusers
That is why you are the AG, Booker!  Bahahaha
Is anyone else sick of the Do-Nothing Corrupted & Criminal Congress not doing what they were elected to do & not working for We the People?
Tell it like it is Cory. Thank you.
Thank you for what? Every member of Congress is compromised and corrupted. They have been for a very long time.
DACA has nothing to do with the President, we have a constitution that sets out 3 branches of Govt each with their own responsibilities.

The DACA program is unlawful. For an explanation, look no further than President Obama's own words at a 2011 town hall with Univision. 

From the mouth of 44, here you go libs, #DACA must end! .@POTUS, it was meant to be TEMPORARY, not a path to citizenship or amnesty #EndDACA 

Stand up for Americans
The only way I could agree to amnesty for those here would be a 50 year halt on immigration.
The only lie that matters is that DACA is constitutional.  Innocents are no longer innocents when they turn 18. #SelfDeport
You're a US Senator and you don't even know the law.  That's not surprising.  You and the Dems are afraid you'll lose some illegal voters.
God literally everything you talked about in this video is a half-truth of blatant propaganda. You conveniently ignore the thousands...
of DACA recipients who have become citizens through a green card loophole or the thousands who have committed felonies or the fact that...
despite your team of "legal experts" saying its constitutional, Obama said it wasn't. This is exactly what liberal propaganda looks like.
Go to the senate floor and help write a law to remedy this. We're ready to support sanity. Are you in Congress ready to provide it?
My heart is grieved.  This is inherently evil. #DACA
Will you speak of the evil perpetrated by the democrat party? The party of slavery has found a profitable alternative to lynching
Pls listen @RepLanceNJ7
Thank you for all of your public service
You can try to be the next Obama, but you'll never be the next Obama.
Proud to call you my Senator! Keep up the great ( and exhausting) work of speaking for those without a voice.
We just hate your facial expression and cheap voice so much when you talk. Go teach at a votech school.
It should've never been done by exec order.It is now in your hands in congress where it should've been.Can u get passed? Prob not. #useless
It shouldn't be done, period.  It's not fair to those who follow the rules.
They DIDNT follow the rules when their parents decided to bring them her ILLEGALY. God the left loves to IGNORE this simple FACT!!!
Regardless of where ppl stand on this it will be funny to see the clown congress point fingers when Potus put ball in their court. #useless
EXCELLENT! Thank you, @SenBookerOffice.
LIAR
What Would The Trump Administration Do?IfThey Could Not LIE? Because Telling The Truth Is Not Part Of This EFFED UP Administration!PATHETIC
Obama admitted the DACA violated the constitution. Why are all politicians hell bent on telling lies to achieve their personal goals?
It's all about looking good to Hispanic voters for their reelection!  Screw the American citizens!
Hispanic voters are not Americans? We're not Anglo, Asian, or Native Americans, nevertheless we're Americans. My family here since 1635.
Agreed! I only want to see the invasion of illegals criminals stop. There are man great people who are here illegally due to other fault
Remember the cost burden to tax payers $122,000.00 per dreamer we have paid with our tax dollars toward their k-12 education.
debate me on this:
http://trump-fraud.blogspot.com 
it's terrible so many were forced to lose half their wealth because of Trump flip-flopping
Talk about half truths.
Thank you. Thank you for putting the truth out on DACA.  Thank you for your truthfulness, character, caring and service to our country.
Sen. Booker. You know I love ya.. This Amendment was written for a reason, Trump fits all of the reasons. So when will congress use it?
Why would they do anything different now?  That's how they're keeping their base. Lie, blame others, deflect...its all they know.
Thank you for sharing this Senator Booker. It is important that the public understand facts blinded by the shallow agenda of the President.
Don't have to do either really. I was born here, thank you. 
C'mon, u and @KamalaHarris take.him.down. then no photo ops and handshakes w/ur colleagues who stood by silently,complicit..End this.
Then, do something.  Talk is cheap!
You are amazing, Senator Booker. Thanks for putting this together. I wish everyone would watch it in its entirety.
Now watch this one. OBAMA knew he was being UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
President Obama is the cruel fool thinking we wouldn't find his town hall clip of him Denouncing DACA as unlawful !
 
Never thought I'd be rt you - good job and my pleasure.
Now watch this one. OBAMA knew he was being UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
President Obama is the cruel fool thinking we wouldn't find his town hall clip of him Denouncing DACA as unlawful !
 
Just like the lies you are spreading about Trump and DACA
Your buddy Bob Menendez trial starts today. 105 Mil medicaid fraud, child sex trafficking. How you gonna 'bend the arc of justice' here?
Thank U Mr. Booker 4 setting the record straight & telling the truth.DT would not know  the truth even if it smacked his tiny hands.
#RESIST
Congress can work together & pass a DACA law bc they work for ALL Americans not just liberals & not there 2 resist like children do FACT!!
Thanks, Sen. Booker, for the facts! #StandWithDACA
Here's a fact . OBAMA knew he was being UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
President Obama is the cruel fool thinking we wouldn't find his town hall clip of him Denouncing DACA as unlawful !
 
Wish you fought as hard for the rest of us as you do ones here illegally.
Thank you Senator Booker!
Listen up. FED. Court was shutting #DACA  down. TRUMP IS giving Congress a chance to make it legal and fix it.  Get it. Hello
Reason stk mkt tanked today"DACA" Look who was @ stk mkt waving goodbye Wells Fargo who is for DANA. THEY WANT THESE DREAMERS TO STAY.
It always lies. His whole life is built on lies. This is really a sickness. He really needs to find help for this illness!
God forbid is this how you treated and brought up your kids. No wonder you were divorced twice. These women couldn't take it anymore.
If only we had a governing body in this country that could write and pass legislation to solve the issue.
Watch how @dnc and RINOs work to save illegals but cant get hc & taxes done. Vote them out in 18.
Is it worse then you not voting to lower drug prices as you take those pharma dollars?

I hope to watch when security escorts him out of the building....little bigoted troll...embarrassment 2 Caucasian Americans! Disgusting!
What lie. Are they here legal, no they are not. So therefore they have broken a law.  Dreamer or no dreamer, illegal is illegal.
No human is illegal. Learn some compassion.
According to the LAWS in the great USA illegals ARE illegals PERIOD! U should LEARN some LAWS!!!
