Here's what the Graham-Cassidy bill includes: Call your Senators
If you have any of these preexisting conditions you will be screwed. Think about it.
How many times do the American people have to hungry hungry hippo this deal away from elected officials?
Think of all the time and money, OUR money, GOP has wasted trying to take away ACA medical coverage. They must be promised a BIG payout
They all have insurance, really good insurance. But they might actually want to do some work here or be voted out. All of them/clean slate
Between gerrymandering, voter suppression, rigged electronic voting machines with no back up or paper trail GOP believes they now have all
U R right on. Got to fix the g'mandering, then the voter suppression, then vote fraud, IMHO.
just so you remember its not VOTER fraud, but vote fraud on the other end. "voter fraud" is just a smokescreen and serious suppression tool
Grham-Cassidy is as odious a bill as all that preceded it! Call your Congressman/Senator
Worse. Far worse.
http://www.whoismyrepresentative.com 
Call script:
Last Push on TrumpCare: Tell Dems to Run Out the Clock -- with sample call script! http://ow.ly/MPcy30fccCe  #KillTheBill
And don't forget you can use @botresist too!
Thanks for this!

5. And Planned Parenthood says Graham-Cassidy "is the worst ACA repeal bill yet" and "especially terrible for women." 
This bill is the same horrible shit that didn't pass last time.
Wake up Chuck!! Small business owners can't afford insurance!!! @business @businessinsider
Only increase because Trump has destabilized the market with his threats to stop paying subsidies.
No true. It increased while Obama was in office also.
And republicans decided not to expand Medicaid in their states yet blame Obama if it makes you feel better!
Medicaid stinks also!! Ask a senior.
#OpposeGrahamCassidy #NaziBucketChallenge White Nationalists are Nazis
#ACAFixFund
#LOVE_YOURSELF 
#ABetterDeal 
#BetweenDoctorPatient
Senator Schmidt start by telling Bertto shut up. Stop the awful republican bill. Tell McCain to quit flip flopping and do bipartisan plan
Sorry. Should not type when exhausted.  That is supposed to be Schumer and Bernie
I'm so sick of congress wasting time on this. How about fixing the current system?
HERE IS MY VOICE TO YOU SCHUMER RESIGN AND DO YOUR CONSTITUENTS A FAVOR.  YOU ONLY REPRESENT ILLEGAL ALIENS NOT VOTERS WHO PUT YOU IN OFFICE
Are they trying to kill us?! WTF @GOP
The GOP dream is to keep us sick poor stupid divided & isolated.This is the last throes of this & why they colluded with agent #Resist
@realDonaldTrump @VP @GOP Thanks GOP & Trump for screwing the "little" people!
Unfortunately, they are screwing the whole planet, not just us. This administration needs to get out before they irreparably damage the USA.
Sad but so true. But if we don't stick together at the polls they will continue to kill this planet
Democrats have already killed it, it's to late.. The Democratic party needs to be wiped out of existence.  period
What the hell r u talking about?

It would be great if you offered bipartisan support to get this done for americaBernie on debate  why weren't you on sharing your ideas?
Seriously debate grahm and cassidyno more tweets and talking puts. Pls get going on HC too many hurting in nystate
Everyone that wants Obama care isn't paying for it, I guarantee it
I called both my Senators today. McCain and Flake.
What did they say?
Absolutely nothing. Just took my input.
When are you going to endorse @SenSanders #MedicareForAll , @SenSchumer?
Maybe make a proposal that would fix bs Obamacare. You broke the middle class.
Please send this tweet to include each GOP Senator in each of these states so their supporters see it. They won't see it on your tweets
I VOTE WITH BERNIE SANDERS.  #StillSanders #MedicareForAll #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
Looking forward to your voice being quashed when you are not elected to office paycheck collecting democratic party senator obstructionist
I'll add my voice!! PASS IT!!!!!
Death Eaters have infiltrated the Senate, I see. #FridayFeeling #Trumpcare #SaveACA #WWWResist
And dementors marched in Charlotte
Glad I'm not the only one seeing all these Harry Potter alignments
So relevant!  JKRowling story holds true today.  Just wish I could get my dang wand to work!
Keep working at it. As I was reminded today, we all hold magic.
Oh brother- you people are delusional.
Have you read all 7 books? The parallels really are striking. Well written literature with a lot of social issues addressed within.
Wands up!

ENTIRE CONGRESS MUST WORK TOGETHER FOR ALL AMERICANS.

That voice good enough for you? STOP DIVIDING to distract!!
Pass the bill, or just repeal Obamacare!
You are pile of manure. You need to pull your head out of your ass!  You would rather shit on Americans.  And worry more about illegals.

So back #singlepayerhealthcare, instead of taking this from the healthcare industry :
Stop protecting #Obamacare  #theIntenetIsalwaysWatchingAndNeverForgets  support #MedicareForAll @BernieSanders @jimmy_dore  @JayarJackson
GFY
You re the biggest moron ever elected to the senate.Screw the American people because you don't want the repubs to succeed!You're a sick man
The GOP are evil for harming Americans and not stopping propaganda about healthcare. This assault on Americans has to be stopped.
IMPEACH INCARCERATE ALL. FREE GREAT COMPLETE HEALTHCARE DRUGS FOR ALL ALWAYS. WE CHOSE PHYSICIANS.
Understand you threatened any Democrat who votes with Republican that you will primary them.  NICE LEADERSHIP @POTUS
@chrislhayes Chuck and Nancy to the rescue! Please.
TRUMPCARE, LMAO chucky. You own obozocare chucky. This was the planned path for single payer, but your prize pony hillary come up lame.
Red Alert Chuck! Single Payer system is the way to go!
Perhaps putting in a good word to your friend Donald will help. I have to live in hope.
repeal and don't replace....free market not free lunch.....ny voter
get Ind/Dems/Rep TOGETHER 2 fix what exists. Dont put party ahead of PEOPLE. LEAVE EGOS AT THE DOOR! I believe in all of U. LEAD, Sir
Stop dealing with that a--hole!
Mr 1%.@SenSchumer your a fake and a fraud deep in Soros’s pocket Donate the millions you took to pass obamacare & give it to the schools
Excellent emoji game 
I thought we were done with this nonsense. The GOPDT are so feckless. URGENT CALL TO ACTION RT&SHARE COPY SAVE & post often #SaveACA
You can also text resist to 50409. Please call or text. We must stop this cold every time GOP tries to put it forward.

Ashamed-but not surprised-a senator from my state is pushing this crap and to top it off he's a doctor. Time to join my 4 kiddos & leave.
We need to be louder about how this bill sucks, how cruel and unfair it is. If it passes sue their ass off and make them own it
I support #MedicareforAll, but it's not being voted on yet, we don't want even more people uninsured before it makes it to the floor!
I'm not fighting for the ACA. Like Lucy with the football they use the ACA whenever they need us then they disappear once they get theirs.
Me either, just don't want them to somehow pass Trumpcare to screw over #MedicareforAll
If you really believe in #singlepayer then the ACA is an impediment. It mollifies liberals who don't mind corporate shit and then no change.
What was the name Hawkeye and BJ always called Frank Burns?
Oh yes, Ferret Face
Chuck Schumer has never had a real job in his life. He profession is getting reelected and saying anything to get votes
You and you alone will be held responsible for the demise of the Democratic Party! What you have done to the party is a disgrace.
obamafuck screwed America
#GrahamCassidy is an immediate threat to #ACA! 
Call your Representatives 
Town Halls Next Week
Be heard 
Snap  #CallToAction: #ACARepeal is back & it's called #GrahamCassidy. Congress is on recess this coming week. Let's kill it at #TownHalls. 
Red alert is right! We must stop Reds like Schumer Pelosi Waters from continuing to destroy efforts for true health care system. !!!
So it's done ... who the hell is going to pay for the huge increases in premiums and deductibles? Too many can't afford to use OC
https://www.contactingcongress.org  Fax w/https://resistbot.io 
WOMENS HEALTH CARE, COVERAGE FOR PREEXISTING COND.........
Always a fight!
Way it's been CONSTANTLY since POTUS invaded the WH !
Can't give up!
When are you going to start working for the people???
You are a Trump hater.  Stop it.  Do what is good for the country.   Can't wait till you are out of politics.
And that is on the Dems ... the raises in premiums have been occurring for a few years already and they did NOTHING.
For the son of an exterminator and a homemaker you've done well for yourself as you're worth millions what do you done for us lately?
Can you tell us more about the bill? Details, please!
Its bad. Follow this guy for dets and calls to action
 I'm also hearing there may be no *full* CBO score for Graham-Cassidy--no coverage analysis.  https://twitter.com/topherspiro/status/908732849611735040 …
And @ASlavitt
Yes. Or Indivisible or this...
Our toolkit to pressure Senators is back. Target list, phone numbers, graphics. Let's go! https://trumpcaretoolkit.org/ 
Why you democrats are not trying to help?
You're a horses ass
U r such a snake. How can we get rid of u. If u ever said anything positive I think u would die.  Shameful
Hey Chuck, who provides the jobs in this country? where are our 401k plans invested in? You say the rich don't deserve tax cuts? think again
Mr 1%.@SenSchumer don’t act like your one of us the 99% You make out like a bandit on taxes but you want to play as your one of us Step Down
I had 2 file bankruptcy because I couldn't pay the $47k in copays 20%+$846month insulin w/ ins. from hubby's http://job.Now  no this
No, they are pushing this because of sept 30 deadline
Perhaps you forgot to see the press conference where all these senators supported Single Payer... but it's never good enough for you guys...
Destroy Obamacare; it destroyed our healthcare.forced down our throats&cup our asses by dem pols-liars!
So, Trump likes you. 
How does that help you or us with his GOP hitmen?
Wise up. He will sign the bill if it passed.
it's
We need better leadership!
Call Senators to STOP #GrahamCassidy #STOPTrumpCare DC Switchbrd: 202-224-2131 #ProtectOurCare @Shareblue @UniteBlue @thinkprogress @actblue
Let's go trump care 2 let's tell them democrat idiots to shut there damn mouths 
Yes let's call our congressmen and senators and tell them we want trump care too
What is the best thing I can do to help?  Dem from Oregon


Looks like they want to "kill off" all opposition
How about stop  obstructing America Now make our country great again
Sick what have you suggested in 7+ yrs to improve, nothing as always
Please vote against the GOP healthcare bill.
Oh, for God's sake!!!!!
MEDICARE FOR ALL!!!!
Don't we have to pass the bill to find out what is in it?
Let's hope @SenDeanHeller votes this down. His last chance to possibly get re-elected.
Y'all need to stop the . I'm fed up with this gross negligence of the American ppl. Here we go again. 
And you thought he was your new best friend.
Tell him you'll fund his wall in next yrs bdgt, if he kills healthcare bill. Then blame inability 2 fund wall on #climatechange & hurricanes
Tell him they are acts of @god and beyond your control. You had no way of predicting this because @EPA & @NASA no longer do climate science!

This is a surprise?
I thought Trump liked you, Mr. Schumer?  Took one baby step left and another giant step right.
Single payer would greatly help business,large and small,to keep from having to provide healthcare to employees!What Repub could argue that?
Start #SinglePayer  get moving and stop tweeting. All lives matter and no one can afford premiums.
Unite or your fired!
@SenToddYoung Do the right thing and vote no! I'm a voter in IN and I won't forget your vote!
Amen! Vote NO to #GrahamCassidy!
Healthcare = life
Why haven't you come out and supported @SenSanders single payer health care? It's time to move forward on this. We need you. #Medicare4All
Then back single payer
I am with you and the other dens.improve afca
GET ON THE PHONE202-224-3121
I've called my Senators, Traitor Ron Johnson, Treasonous Ryan, and my Wonderful Tammy Baldwin! I'm gonna keep calling!! EVERYDAY! Thank u!
Yes!! Thank you too!!!
Amy's brother or.......
Just fix what is not working with Obama care! Because trump care will  harm cricticly I'll and do more harm than good!
Only reason health plans are backing out is because of trumps big mouth! There afraid of not getting reimbursed from gov.
Here, Senator Schumer; let me be the first to respond: NFW!
Vote for Trumpcare! Save us from Obamacare! Even Schumer says Obamacare is bad!
Pass the bill jerk
I just got on SSI, I'm on medicare (forward health) & care wisconsin. i have moderate cerebral palsy and bad anxiety.
i'm basically fucked if i can't get insurance.
Stop that crap. We ALL deserve excellent health care
We are paying for it why don't we get it. 
Could that be the reason for DACA deal/No Deal?
Naaawww, couldn'tt be ....... could it ....? 
Please ReTweet! We need to get the word out. Call Senators, Representatives,  Your Mayors.  We need a big push
Everybody call reps and sens

We've listened to your kind for the last eight years and look what it brought us. Drain the swamp 2018
Please don't you have any republican senators to say no?
How appropriate Democrats calling a Red Alert
I throw in my voice.  Consider the plan with a spirit of bipartisanship.
@sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson don't think for a minute that your constituents aren't paying attention. Say no to #TrumpCare!
Health insurance shouldn't cost more than my car payment esp when I use car every day and health ins I use 2 times a year
Nieghbor on OC. OC spent 100k for new knee. Will not pay for surgery to install the knee. A f**  up system. 100k tax payers dollars wasted
Tried calling your D.C. office. Put on hold then disconnected.
I'm exhausted by this his continued threat to my handicapped sons care 
Those assholes just can't let it go, they're determined to kill us all
Call it what you want just make it affordable, also no matter what they come up with it still Obama's legacy, try to roll that back DJT
As a New Yorker, tell us what to do to help stop this!  We know you will vote against it, how can we influence others?
Please CALL about this.
@Only4RM Lord how many times do we have to call.
You libtard assholes who signed without reading need to shut the fuck up. Obama care is not sustainable you morons
I hope no vote
The GOP have been like a plague for 8 years on this issue. You may not remember but GOP NEVER wanted the people 2 have healthcare.
From what I read it is unacceptable! No Medicare for all, NEED pre existing unless you want to be known as murders. People CAN'T afford!
Can't the Democrats just run out the clock?

We demand ACA saved.It's maddening that @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @POTUS & @GOP R deaf,blind & indifferent 2 'a needs.Greed is their God.
If Democrats use the ACA as a cudgel against single payer, people will have to support a repeal. Get the fuck on board.

Bernie is not a Democrat.
Your gonna lose O care is toast !!
Repeal and replace racist republicans 
not this shit again
We will continue to be in touch with our representatives to encourage bipartisanship. Healthcare for all w/o touching Medicare.
Ditch #Trumpcare.  We want healthcare for every American.  We want #MedicareForAll
Indeed. I really can't believe they're still trying to kiss insurance ceo ass after all this time.


Impeach this moron @realDonaldTrump and then repair the AHC -
We need Democrats to start taking a proactive role, and introduce legislation to fix Obamacare. Stop waiting for 2018, or you'll lose seats.
Repubs won't pass anything like they promised.  Can't we just fix #Obamacare ? Please no #SinglePayer .  Thank you.
He's planning his coup...
NO NO NO NO ... crazy ...
Here's my voice, get out of the way, stop lying and let us have our healthcare without Dem interference, you effed it up when you did it!
No one in america wants trumpcare cept trump himself fool smh @realDonaldTrump  we want to keep obamacare
No morals!
Time to mobilize!
Is no one even looking at @SenSanders Healthcare plan? I would like to see ALL plans side by side for comparisons & CHI scores.
Look to western Europe  and learn how to do it right.
You want to ignore federal law , let the states pay for it

We need Medicare for all! Lets make Healthcare a right. That would make America greater. Or at least save ACA!
how many do-overs do these losers get? #losers
OMG Noooooooo!  When are they going to stop beating this dead horse!  Our minds have not changed, why won't they listen to us?
The shameless will never quit. That's sad.
Just wondering if Trump doesn't come up with a better racist travel ban in another 90 days will he throw a fit & alienate R country further
Repeal Obama care and then stay out of healthcare. Ins. Sold across state lines competition brings lower price
Chucky , your party put us in this absolute mess , can I have your insurance, because I lost mine with Obamacare...
@aarp its time to hit the phones and hitting the streets and marching on washington
I plan to write my Senator, Mitch Mcconnell.  He's pro private pay because of Humana's corporate office is here.
My voice says for you to step down Chuckie.  Yo are an obstructionist.  Go away and shut up.  
@JessASpecs
Play by America's democratic rules. If your plan doesn't have enough votes--your plan does not pass. Democracy 101
We would like to see it
This issue is killing the American working class. Our leader meanwhile ignoring and taking $ from HMO's $ Pharmacist for 30 years!
States are responsible ,,open borders harboring illegals ,lack of law and order is raising healthcare cost . follow federal laws
Trump tweeted a video of himself assaulting a former First Lady and U.S Senator-the Senate should respond to this violence and investigate
All of Congress have been paid over $90,000,000 since the election. How about earning some of that money and getting to work instead...
That shit is sad the leeches in the GOP will not let go.They act just like little children,when is congress going to grow up!!
For fuck’s sake Chuck…we can’t keep doing this
ALL #AmericanS can find #Senator #Representatives  your State to SPEAK4 U to #KeepObamacare  HERE>  https://www.govtrack.us/congress/members …
We do not TRUMPCARE, it's worse than ACA, just work to fix ACA.
Maybe Curry in a hurry with Donald next week?
You could stop being a front for Union thugs and start winning elections.  That would be a start.
#trumpcare: an oxymoronic compound word that wishes it were a portmanteau worthy of Lewis Carroll. Oh! I hear some #slithytoves gyring...
It's time again for Congress to hear us roar! Let the roaring begin!
Repeal Obama care asap
https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/senators_cfm.cfm …

^^searchable list of all US senators and their contact info^^

Once more into the breach, dear friends.
Oh my God.
Stop trying to save megaprofitable ACA and do what we need and deserve! Shocked & sickened at your sell-out. Disgusting. You've lost my vote
Who needs #Healthcare any way, the fucking stress of this @GOP Congress is enough to kill us all #MuellerHurryPlease
FLIP THE HOUSE!! #25thAmendmentNow
