Mueller-part of the Swamp
You don't say? Kindly share your super-duper-double-secret- access- to-insiders-only info... I promise I'll keep it between us only.
I guess the "swamp" nowadays means all thinking people who are not zombies.
Yo! Speaking of...

?
You know who donated to Clinton in the 90s? Fucking .@realdonaldtrump
Omg. Rly. Maybe she worked for the Russians too. Puppet regime? Did she use his money to gain access to Putin to sell our Uranium? Too woke
Shit Bricks time for President ClownShit McTreasonWeasel.
Must be code for, "I can't communicate without vulgar words and complete thoughts" translate please with accepted words. #poorlibs
Nope - seems pretty straightforward to me. Actually - cleaner than anything I can say about Trumpy
You might be a lib if you can't say two words without cursing and using the word Trump. You might be a lib if you think Hillary isn't a liar
Bahahahahaha - lemme guess - you are on the troll clock since the announcement of Mueller impaneling a new grand jury?
I want the truth but all things so far have implicated Hillary and the Dems. If mueller can be honest and prosecute the guilty, I'm for it!
Probable Cause... We will take it... It's Mueller Time!

@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity What's up bitches? #Trump #TrumpRussia #DonaldTrump #Mueller #GrandJury #Resist #Impeach 
It's Mueller Time 
Will they send Trump to clown prison? Or regular prison?
One of Session's private prisons that is looking to fill their beds.
Definitely clown prison.
I object to my likeness being used in this manner. Expect to hear from my attorney.
It's good to know that attorneys aren't hurting for jobs in the DC area.
Trump has been a boon to the legal industry. Soon he and his #TrumpCrimeFamily will be a boon to the prison industry.
At some point  @realDonaldTrump will start BRAGGING that NO president could match his level of corruption! PERIOD. #TrumpClownTrain 
He already has the lowest approval ratings in this stage of his presidency and the highest staff turnover, so he is winning at SOMETHING!
God I would love to be on that Grand Jury.
You totally lost me by insisting Mueller & Comey aren't friends. By law, Mueller should have recused himself. No Grand Jury for Hillary?
The fact that Dem voters are fine with this means the Republic is in self-destruction mode. The idiots are celebrating. FF predicted this.
Yes, Mary, we are fine with traitors to the United States being exposed and prosecuted. It's called patriotism. You should try it.
Need Probe into COMEY LEAK, LL tarmac meeting . DWS and IT guys, who are banned from GOVT.  DWS is a fraud!!
You're are not going to investigate Obama Non USA Certificate you don't have your priorities set correctly illegal Alien president
A US president born in Kenya Africa is a United States American
Kenya born man US president unconstitutional Barry Barack Obama I as an American would never forget
'Muel-head' wont find anything so he will resort to making it up. He is a 'Clinton Fixer' who needs to be investigated for his crimes!
How about using grand jury 2 C what's on DNC devices that were hammered, hidden & police threatened over? Russia hacked them but no inquiry.
Been there, done that.  The horse is already dead - leave the corpse alone!
When was that? HRC answered for destroying evidence?
Two investigations concluded there was no wrongdoing.  Look it up.
HRC destroyed evidence, sent phones to the FBI w/out simcards, & mishandled classified info. These are crimes. HRC & co. belong in prison.
All of that shit has been debunked.  Deflection does not negate the President's misdeeds.
Sorry to break it to ya honey, but those crimes were ignored, not debunked. I'd say go ask Loretta Lynch, but she refuses to talk about it.
@realDonaldTrump Merry Xmas!  No one is saying that anymore. #xmasinAugust
As a total aside, I hate how people say Xmas is 'anti-Christmas'. My gran was writing it back in the 30s and the X goes back over 1000 yrs
Longer than that.  The Greek letter "chi", being the first letter of "Christ", looks like an X.
I know ... around 2017 years, eh. 
Not quite that many.  But yes.
Democrats in congress are HYPOCRITES as they try to hide Russian collusion within their party.
Geeking out over here. Stuff real now.
Yeah, and I'm sure he will fill the grand jury with Hillary supporters like he did with his investigators. This whole thing smells
Fun fact, 45 donated more to the DNC up to 2008 than the entire Mueller team combined. Hell, Ivanka held a fundraiser for Cory Booker.
It's ok Trumpsters, Trump fought the good fight. 

But the good fight fought back.
No Grand Jury in Clinton investigation. But for Trump and Repubs...
What a Joke. Nothing there.
...he said, his voice breaking slightly.
Is this the major announcement Trump is making in WV tonight?
Doubt it. He's still pimping the emails of clintons. That Russia is a fabrication. Blah blah blah how can they listen to his gibberish
CORRUPT Special Counsel Mueller ... there I fixed it for you.
How is he corrupt? He has broad bi-partisan support.
Bi-partisan support, you say??  So .. WHY are all of the attorneys, on his investigation, Hillary supporters or DemocRATS???
You will have a loooong wait
Spicy do you find it strange the the whole world sees it and Fox claims everyone but them is fake? Propaganda
The news is literally everywhere but one network.  I find that odd.
No one controls my mind. Feel free to believe an entertainment opinion network to your heart's desire.
Dun.  Dun.  Dun.  Dun.
Dundundundundundun...
"the #GrandJury is “confirmation that this is a very vigorous investigation going on.”
"#Mueller wouldn’t do this if it were winding down.”
Meanwhile, at the White House...
Please indict him so we can get him out of office
This is the best news I've heard in MONTHS!
I love it! Especially later in the summer!
Thank Let's get out and in jail Ivanka jr eric Bannon Conway huckabee Spicer Carson Flynn page manifort Melania all the Arrest all of them

I live how trump supporters have nothing and now are on repeat with name calling and trying to divert attention to HRC. This arouses me.
God speed this inquiry and prosecution. Our national character and future depend in it.
Looks like things just got real . There's such a thing as karma and it's coming back to lying Donnie ten fold.
Tick Tock, tick Tock  the clock of justice ticks slowly but surely !
'Cept if you smash it with a hammer. #HillaryforPrison
Gwen for August Bot of the Month!

Think there's any connection between how quickly the wheels are coming off and Stephen Miller's sudden rush to thump (legal) immigrants?
N order 2 have a more perfect union,Mr M should work his magic-get trump&his kids out of the WH 2 save our country. Enuff lies,harm2 the ppl
YES!!!! Vacay may be permanent
Omar comin


We will need more popcorn sister.



I would quit my job to be on that grand jury.
I'd lay down all of my fun money to fly out there and watch.
 love it. Fun money
What a travesty of justice. The #Mueller investigation is a fraud. The #RussiaCollusion lie was created by #HRC and the #DNC.
Have some self-respect, guy.
That hard for him to do with his head that far up his ass.
Looks like #ComeyDay is giving way to #GrandJuryTime.
Hard working Americans dont care about Russia we care about how are we going to pay for our family health ins & taxes & JOBS! Trump Got IT!
Oh, hard-working Americans can multitask and care about both.
Did you care when OBAMA meddled in Israels elections? Should we have a special counsel to investigate that too?  WASTE OF TIME & MONEY
Maybe it is. LETS FIND OUT, SHALL WE?
Unfortunately it wont create jobs and help the needy. Let keep our priorities on what really matters!
Surely we can do both! You're underestimating America! Jobs AND a Grand Jury!
This is just a diversion from wiretapping&unmasking crimes by Rice Powers Rhodes Clapper Brennen and the entire Obama Admin. Sad Day America
Could be. Let's find out if you're right! Tax returns would help settle the matter pretty much immediately.
@ShepNewsTeam WHERE is the proof 2 ppl I have ten that know what is going on that say you all are full of SH*T!  So SHOW PROOF or apologize!
typically in america evidence is presented in court not during investigationn
No, On which planet do you live on? They will hold back info but they tell the press enough to prove they are right!
what are you talking about. He will only be proven right when it comes out in court mueller team has leaked nothing bc its small. most leak
are coming from WH not FBI or SC
What? 
I don't buy anything from the 99.9% of the "press" and nothing from the WH or congress without PROOF!
u dont have 2 believe press (i do 4 most part) but GJ assembly has to do with investigation and facts/evidence not what is reported in media
It is happening. Drip drip drip & then whoosh # TrumpRussia. Hannity's shenanigans is backfiring big time.
What does impaneling mean?
Congress is going to be in a lot of trouble if they let this happen. The Trump base is going to raise holy hell
@steph93065 @immigrant4trump
@LouDobbs Salem Witch Trials II

My body is ready. 


@MrSportsAreLife
The investigation isn't partisan. Mr Mueller is highly respected, across Party lines and Administrations. But, nice try Twittler...
Holy S---!!!!
Good!

Gotta go with this one, myself
DEMOCRATS ARE GUILTY
Be quiet bot
 (i.e., words fail yet this seems a positive development)
Thank God!

I'm pleased to introduce your new Command-in-Chief... President Mike Pence! #MRGA #DrainTheSwamp

Tick, tick, tick...
Here we go...

Let's get this show on the road!
It just got really serious



I WANT TO BE ON THAT JURY!!!
Not sure I would have an open mind but would tell them I do
I'm a Libra, I'm perfect for the job.
Is this what Trump is trying to bury with his "big news" tease for this afternoon from W. Virginia?
This is YUGE!  Wouldn't be happening if there were no potential illegalities to be tried. Those who don't already have lawyers, watch out!
 I want him to be thorough but I also want him to get his skates on!
Yes this nightmare is going on too long!
BOOM. 

So weird that they would hire 16 prosecutors and impanel a grand jury with no evidence 
Prosecutors who specialize in money laundering investigations.
Indeed
Uh oh


Oh my
You go, Mr. Mueller. We MUST know how Russia meddled in our elections & NEVER let it happen again. Thank you 4 your service.
Russia Russia what a bunch of losers just hurting this country.
You might want to check your facts... turns out no grand jury was impanelled.
: Fire him now ! !

Isn't this guy getting stones since he knows weak knee & spineless @Gop is trying 2 back the swamp w bipartisan bill @Richzeoli @Himself3909
BO
They'll get manafort and not trump
Investigate the Clinton's collusion with Russia & Russian hacking of DNC. AND dirty DNC activities uncovered.

THIS

It's happening!
Lock him up! Lock him up!


@realDonaldTrump

Intentional or oversight - you failed to mention one of Mueller's team Jeannie Rhee defended the Clinton Foundation in court AND donated
How fortunate our country is to have Muehler leading this effort. Americans suffer from Trump fatigue but justice will overcome!
.@realDonaldTrump You've won a lovely grand jury investigation, followed by indictments of your friends and family. So much win... treason

Oh, it's on.
Why don't you report about the spy ring in Congress that had a secure network of laptops and blackberries that was configured by Imran Awan
It's MUELLER  TIME  #lockhimup

AH HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA *deep breath*
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA *wipes tear*
Is it too much to hope for that this "takes down" hillary, obama, AND trump.
This means that they think they have enough evidence to warrant indictments. Not a good day in TrumpWorld! 
I wonder who he is going to indict?
Yay!!  He's probably sick of the whole mess, too. Good way to move it along quickly.

THIS is Make America Great Again
Whose got odds on how long it takes trump to fire him?
Fake news? @jlnevadasmith @sallydenton
@realDonaldTrump   Fake news right?   WRONG. You and yours are in deep doo doo!

Oh! *Giddy*

. 
Love by it.

Hell Yes!!
Special Counsel Mueller impanels Washington grand jury in Russia probe http://on.wsj.com/2u5bpCw 
Oh no!!
Trump is a gonner!
Mueller must be fired.
This investigation doesn't have end...
Everyone celebrating, yet Mueller has zero jurisdiction on whether or not Congress pursues charges.
True, but if they ignore evidence then they are complicit at worst, incompetent at best.  Drunk on "power".
The firing of Mueller is imminent.
Judge Analyzed This.He Said It Was Common As FBI Introduces Summary,Lawyers For All Possibly Charged Also Need to be Notified..I Hear Comey
Nothing like a great fight where you make rules as you go!On 1 side the SWAMP,on the other side the OUTSIDER..Thought thePPL had decided,NO?
Oh shit  sleep tight tonight!

YES!

Yes! Big step!
Don't get too excited, window lickers.
The SS Trump has entered rough seas. Standby for heavy rolls, port and starboard.
I wonder if Russia is bidding yet on private prison contracts for the US.  I hear Siberia is lovely this time of year. #askingforapresident
Tuff job. He has to vet every politician in WA (well, almost).  For the PEOPLE sir.
Barron Trump is next.
@DelWilber As a fellow VET whose NEVER had theBenefit of TRUE character nor service it's good2C pacesetrs take theLead #MuellerTheGreat
Oh how I'd like to be on that grand jury
shit just got real...
Dance party!!

Imran owned 12 houses had part of 22 businesses w a 160k salary access to top level security was just arrested Oh but there's no story there
yay

Yuge!
It has begun!
.@washingtonpost Taxpayer $'s are being used 2 pay for this MASSIVE Investigation bc, 58% of white women & 65% of WHITE men put DT in office
Holy S! This is a big drop in the drip, drip of this story!
Here is the Clinton Impeachment timeline.  It’s a slow process.
Special Counsel Mueller crashing through the “Red Line”!
Dun da dun dun........
Mueller be like...
He'll resign, Pence will pardon.  Life goes on.  Oh but Vlad might not be happy.





Obviously last month as you notice the Dow 
Winter is coming for House Trump
The State is Deep and Shadowbama is waiting, like a America's Executioner, in the wings.
Crazy they just won't give up ! How much money did he donate to Hillary?
.@maddow really, you take this week off?
WE LOVE THE WSJ!!!! BOOM!!!! GREAT JOB!
Guys who love craft beer but know nothing about laws just creamed their corduroys.
When do we start?

No no no no no no go away Mueller. Go away.
Go Mueller!

OMG OMG OMG!!!
This is wonderful news!



@__0HOUR1_

Keep going, good for America
Heat it up!

Oh oh,....this just became  more serious
Chances are he will be fired or worst sooner rather than later.  When you corner a rat he does what?

A charming Twitter tale in two acts, starring @realDonaldTrump, @MedvedevRussiaE, and #Russiagate #trumprussia 
Not Russia, DNC dumped Sanders, Koch Bros, Mercer, and other U.S. oligarchs used Crosscheck purges & other voter cheating to install Trump.
#DrainTheSwamp I like that idea!

Did anyone understand that #MAGA was Code for Trump is gonna snitch on you to save his hide?
All that fakeness in one nice address!!!
Hmm trump: more lawyers please. Fake news till we get caught. But....
