Must find a new job within 60 days of having a newborn or lose coverage. That's criminal. All of it is criminal. But that one stuck with me.
And who's gonna take care of the 2 month old?
Fit into your good suit for interviews. Hope your tits don't leak. Hope your stitches hold. Put your best foot forward on 2 hours sleep.
Screw that.  A mother taking care of her baby is performing the most sacred duty known to man.  Uninterrupted medical cover, not that BS.
Not according to GOP apparently.

9. Is the same as 5. Its a choice not a right to have a child
11. Same as 5,9 and now 10 which leads me to believe the writer is personally involved in this matter
3. If you get knocked up its not anyones responsibility to pay for your irresponsibility. Insurance covers contraceptives.
14. Pregnancy is a preexisting condition. It cost employers time off paid, insurence premiums paid by employer ect.
You wonder why infant mortality in the US lags behind 27 other countries?  This.
If we cut coverage for female conditions, let's also cut coverage for male conditions: erectile dysfunction, prostate problems, etc.
Seriously?!
If you women make a good rip off of Muslims I am with you! Ah what a fun to look them eye from slave owner to self managing working slave 
Yea, wondering how this abortion ban wouldn't immediately be contested in court.
Abortion ban but won't pay for maternity. How does that make sense?
explain how you can be pro life AND have pregnancy considered a preexisting condition and related care unaffordable.
15. Its a moot point what you have prior to being employed or getting on medicaid because by definition its a preexisting condition.

7. Same as 1 but now they invoke race to stir up the white man is gonna get yah muwaaaaaaaa
Which one is it? You can't say the bill excludes creation of families, and denies Planned Parent Hood extermination of families! Libtards!
6. Again a generalization
If this passes, women better vote. And not Republican!
Is anyone making sure they are REGISTERED to VOTE? Just protesting doesn't count. REGISTER + VOTE = POWER 2 PREVAIL.
Remember when ya'd say 'war on women' and Republicans would laugh 'n laugh 'n laugh as if that made you magically wrong?

Dear Republicans:
Ok Women?-No birth control? No abortion? No maternity? No newborn care? ANSWER!! NO SEX! NO VIAGRA!
It's not as useful as it could be w/o hashtags
15. Cont. Why are these people waitimg to be employeed or get on medicaid prior to being diagnosed? People need to be held accountable
13. Same as 7 race is irrelevant
5. Is the same as 2. But you should pay more to take off or have a kid its not the companies responsibility thats a choice not a right
where is your  E V I D E N C E ?
Wait - PRIVATE insurance not allowed to cover abortion? PlannedParenthood not allowed as a screening provider? Republican  #WarOnWomen
Equality 4 men! Deny abortion isn't murdering a human life, then it must be a new body part from sex! Lib lies & lying about the bill, too!
10. Same as 9 and 5
12. If you get a job and off tax payer insurance this lowers to 3,000 and 6,000. If you can have a kid you can get a job
8. Us whites gonna suffer as well but in reality race does not change this issue one way or the other so its irrelevant
4. Id have to see this restructure. It seems this scare sheet couldnt locate an evil so they generalized to invoke fear.
Why any woman would support a Republican at this point is beyond me..
Bc they're married to them
Sadly
You can be married to one & still vote against insanity! Thank God I've got a good ol' liberal husband!
No kidding! Your vote is yours.
There are still plans that charge woman more.  Unfortunately I was on one last year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Bullshit
Outrageous.
Small businesses just can't afford the better plans. It's sad.  I don't blame the employer
2.When the non birthgot on the i need 12 weeks off too this drove the cost up to the point companies cant afford for you to be out that long
1. Planned parenthood will no longer exist this is moving that way.  It was founded on the premise to stop ethnic groups from reproducing.
@IvankaTrump is this how you and GOP will help working women?? We need actions not words.
GOP Cannot be Pro Life & virtually prohibit women from having children. How does this help working families? @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
The bill isn't about healthcare. It's about finding money to give tax cuts to big donors. #KilltheBill
Look what I found
@BadLuckBuffy very good lets put this into action! ....what why would anyone want this?????!!!!
The GOP is freaking salivating over it!
what's their argument
One:
Kochs pledge 400 million to GOP if they repeal Obamacare.

400,000,000 / 32,000,000 lose insurance = $12.50…
@PrincessBravato 
Guess when trump says women should be punished for having abortions, he meant * punish them all just in case *
GOP wants states to figure out healthcare but are telling women what can or cannot be covered by insurance? This from pro-lifers? Not right.
@senrobportman vote no on this bill. Show Ohio you have guts to stand up and protect women, the elderly, children and many others.
THIS IS SO DISGUSTING!
Wow! Pure BS
they really do despise and fear women
@lydiaslattery did you call your senators?!,!?!
Of course I did.
But they great! Smh.
Nothing in life is free. I shouldn't have to pay for coverage I don't want or need to subsidize others. Stop having kids you can't afford.
What is so hard to believe that anyone would actually believe this crap.  What is your goal, to create the actual 'Idiocracy'?
@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy @SenateGOP Shame on you all.
what's in it for men? free Viagra, Cialis and Levitra?
@realDonaldTrump it's about time you actually read a health bill
@ThePointBeing Ah, if only RePugs could bear children, they wldn't need us. We remind them every second we have the power
Wonder if @VP would allow his dear wife to be harmed by this terrible bill?  How about friends? Where's your moral compass now Mr Pence?
https://www.aap.org/en-us/about-the-aap/aap-press-room/Pages/GrahamCassidy.aspx …
fuck.
Giving millions to States to vote yes is still a bribe!
@SenatorHeitkamp @lisamurkowski @SenateGOP
A legal bribe is stil a bribe!
#StandTall
@SenJohnMcCain #StandTall your healthcare vote affects the United States of America NOT just Arizona! Legal bribe is stil a bribe
#StandTall
They r very scared of women being free 2 gain power, so they want them pregnant & tied down with sick kids so they stay at home.
CONSERVATIVES, REPUBLUCANS GOP CONGRESS DON'T CARE ABOUT THE PPL ONLY THEIR DONORS !!!
75% of coverage didnt offer maternity, could a large number of those be plans for men? Now men must have maternity coverage...wtg government
Not all people with metastasized cancers are women!
@HEINSLERJAN lies. Just like "you can keep your Dr & premiums will go down"!
Why is it only the men of the Republican house that work on the healthcare bill and the part that affects women?
Smdh...Graham n Cassisy will get  sick one day. #KarmaIsABitch
Somebody please stop the insanity.  When did I stop having rights to medical care?  @SenTedCruz   DO NOT GO FORWARD WITH THIS!!
@JoyAnnReid so they love our fetuses but don't care about the health of them or us. Ok cool, got it.
It means they think we don't count. It means under this bill...we women are screwed!
Where are all the fathers on this? This affects them and their wallets too.
Do neither of these men have mothers?  A wife?  Sisters?  Daughters?  Nieces?  Female friends?  Souls?  A conscience? #ProtectOurCare
Hello men with wives, daughters, sisters, mothers, nieces, granddaughters, are you thinking about how this effects people you love?
It's just outrageous!!!!
Some TERRIBLE s**t!!!!!
Sneaky way to end abortion, or at least ensure only well-off can afford one.
Too bad there wasn't time over all these years to get input from female colleagues.. or mothers, sisters, wives, friends (no women friends?)
and it will not stop till these old white christian extremists and nazis are out of government for good
Have you see the #RedPillMovie
If this is accurate  no sound mind person should even consider this bill. Are these politicians this far out of reality
Sit down fix it rite
Planned parenthood does not support cancer screening, if your first point is false, your list is suspect
#WoW #gopWoW  time to resurrect WarOnWomen?   But good news, ED appears to be covered!
Heed the warning!
2 questions...where's the man's list of "not covered" or higher premiums AND will the stork be covered? Geez, do these guys have mothers?
I'm tired of paying for maternity I'm 51 years old I don't need it
It looks like the GOP wants us to vote Democrat in the next election.
Looks like the old boys school is really giving it to the weaker sex, eh?  What does #Melania have to say about this?  Oh right, piss all.
Made so many calls today they got tired of hearing my voice. Called each location. All day.
It would be cheaper and quicker to supply a gun to the Republicans and tell them to kill 10 random women. It is essentially the same.
Thank you Lord for letting me be born Canadian
But if U block grant everything couldn't U make up own rules? Wouldn't this all go to court bc each state would have 2 come up w own system?
Thank you mr. Dean for keeping them honest
It  means working poor dont qualify  for shit...  #illegals get free med ins +  hunk of government cheese up their ass!
Graham has almost never expressed any interest in legislating healthcare. Why now? Why this hard-right turn? Doesn't make sense.
All about the end of Medicaid and tax cuts for the wealthy...
New moms shouldn't have to live in fear of not being able to care for themselves.
Are there NO women involved in writing healthcare bills?  None?
RT the crap out of this PLEASE!
Source?
How fortunate that we women have strong  men to take care of us as we don't know what we need. Vote them out!!!
This POTUS and Repubican Congress does not care about the future of our country. Their actions and words in legislation is proof enough.
This. Effects. Everyone. 

Though it's esp punitive to women. And elderly. And disabled. And anyone with the preex condition of "breathing."
This bill is a travesty of our democracy. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP you will throw the poor elderly into the streets.
I'd mean women would be 2nd class citizens for #Trump like people to treat like rag dolls. #Outrageous 
IT'S called single payer!
"if useful" is the kicker.
What is the GOP trying to do to America? Destroy it?  Trying to ram through a phony healthcare bill without discussing it with the citizens?
Get a real job.
Pro-life until you're born...
Does @LindseyGrahamSC have a hidden issue with disregard for women?
He’s not married. He knows Foreign policy Domestic policy not his forté?
@JohnCornyn @tedcruz More women die from childbirth in Texas than any other state, so cutting our healthcare more seems smart to y'all?
This literally makes me ill

Something, something Obama. Something, something Clinton. #MAGA - shit idiots say.
Ladies , ladies relax Viagra is covered ! Cheers!
Only men could come up with this throwback to the 50's.
Wtf is wrong with republicans, what happen to Christian values.
and your plan #oldLady is what??
@realDonaldTrump FYI
I don't know. This is a subject you should avoid at all cost. You know how you always say the wrong thing. Here 
READ  THIS   VERY   SLOWLY
even if their last name is trump?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!
or pence?!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!
Inconceivable that GOP is even CONSIDERING this!
Can u share this on fb so the "mature" women I know will see it
No way.
backward we go.
Why do @LindseyGrahamSC & @BillCassidy hate women so much?
Good question.
Hey there from Canada. So, is Graham-Cassidy like David-Cassidy? Or Shaun-Cassidy?
It sure is nice up here with our Universal Healthcare.
I swear these R's are evil to X-Medicaid from people in serious need so their rich overlord's can get more tax brakes to be even more richer
Girls, we've been discriminated since the dawn of time. Get over it.
aaannnnd backlash in 3...2...1...
.@SenJohnMcCain Can American women rely on you? Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy! #NoRepeal #TW
Not partisan-always voted for both Ds and Rs.If G-C passes, don't think can vote for another R. ACA does not affect me-but this is so wrong!
Right....does this bill really care about this or is this some kind of sap for Trump's demanding a bill has to be gotten to him post haste.
SAD more so since in some other countries women get 30 + days to recover. BUT #experts say moms really need 1 year.
#ProLife my ass. 
#GrahamCassidyBill
But it's "pro life," right?
If any Republican female senators vote for this, they are bought and paid for. And I hope they rot in hell.
Keep in mind that this is NOT about a "new healthcare bill." It's about more obstructionism, even after Obama has left of the White House.
@SenCapito women's health, women's health. I would believe this would be a topic you may personally and politically interested.
Disgraceful.
This is not true
LOOK AT THIS--THEN MAKE CALLS “@ASlavitt: NEW: What would Graham-Cassidy ACA repeal mean for women?

RT if useful. ”
I always knew being a woman was a pre existing condition. Just like I always knew the #GOP doesn't give a toss about anyone but their donors
this just made me sick.... Pure evil!
Why are they so hell bent on gutting these much needed services? GOP’s hatred of women is akin to Hitler’s hatred for the Jews!
# 3 is nationwide ban on abortion thru ANY private insurance!
It is amazing how Repubs are so determined to hurt people.
a death sentence to women. @GOP are misogynistic assholes, should be held criminally responsible for all deaths if this passes. #KillTheBill
I reposted this to Facebook for what it's worth most everybody over there is mad at me.Turns out I have too many GOP friends.Not friends now
They won't give up until they force this on women everywhere... gee, why does it sound so familiar?
Let's take a look at the facts of obama care objectively.  Let's face it, neither plans probably do the right thing.
Wouldn't it be nice if both sides would come together and do the right thing instead of firing darts at each other
It's all about taking away care for WOMEN!
Awful things of course-Republicans don't care about women. They don't even trust women to make decisions about our bodies.
It's this simple: Republicans don't want people to have insurance. But ACA has forced their hand. Abolishment makes them look like assholes.
Something else nobody is talking about is how all of the kids protected until age of 26 will no longer be. ALL ACA protections will b gone
If you buy a $40 campaign hat & let POTUS grab your whatever he might give U an Xtra $100 on the bureau to cover an STD lab
It would be a disaster for women. Try telling that to @SenDeanHeller and @GOP #GreedyFucks don't care about US! They're trying to KILL US!
They are all women haters and apparently all of them hate their mothers. Sisters.  Daughters. Etc.
How is being pregnant a pre-existing condition? When I was born, I did not come into the world pregnant.
Despicable, hurtful, anti-family. Men again deciding the fate of women's bodies. Hateful tactics that hurt families. Rich men don't get it.
Oh good Lord. What is wrong with these people?
They only care about Viagra and
Dm their teeny weinies.
Horrible. If u don't have good prenatal you're paying for a lot of sick kids
Sounds like the He-Man Woman Hater's Club drafted this bill...
It would also take Medicaid away from millions of elderly women in assisted living or nursing home care. (More women than men there.)
@esglaude I love how all of these assume nothing will happen instead of the fairly crappy ACA.
What is the source for your list?
Also add that Planned Parenthood cancer screening includes both pelvic and Mammography. This could put a lot of Mammo Ctrs  out of business
you know we all got along fine without Socialcare !
On the flip side #GrahamCassidyBill will offer free aspirin to be held between knees of women as birth control
Nothing good for women comes from the Republican party.
why the hell does the world need women anyway?
Anything Debra Retweets I take with a grain of salt.
@SenatorFischer Under #GrahamCassidyBill, being a woman=preexisting condition. Vote NO!
Nothing good there. I'm still trying to get my head around the people who continue to vote and support these representatives.
@lisamurkowski Under #GrahamCassidyBill, being a woman=preexisting condition. Vote NO!
@SenCapito Under #GrahamCassidyBill, being a woman=preexisting condition. Vote NO!
@SenatorCollins Under #GrahamCassidyBill, being a woman=preexisting condition.
