Republicans are thugs assaulting the weakest citizens, VOTE THEM OUT. For now let your anger be heard, flood their offices with calls
Planned Parenthood is a political organization and should be treated as one.
Obviously some "Churches" are political organizations also.
All churches are political organization in use power to control people while telling you to believe in a mythical Sky wizard.
I feel sad for you, why would other's beliefs matter to you at all?
Atheism is worse than any religion, you prove it.
@PPFA Roe V Wade was decided by male lawmakers too.
Would you like to cry sexism there? No...?
Thank you pro-birth wife and anti women's rights wife. You worry about your body and let the rest of us worry about our own.
 I love when you people show your side's ignorance like that. Bravo!
Don't worry. I'll make sure that my next donation to Planned Parenthood or one of the abortion nonprofits I support, is in your honor. ;)
You wasting your money doesn't harm me honey. And it won't prevent them from losing this fight. Go for it.
9 male jurists codified abortion in 1973. Perhaps we should retry Roe & Doe now that there are some women on the Supreme Court? #DefundPP
Just because men finally did something right doesn't mean that they should go ahead and do something wrong like defund Planned Parenthood.
PP doesnt need public funds: kills about 1,000 prenatal humans daily, most of whom are people of color. 

#BlackGenocide
#DefundPP
So being male makes it less credible of a bill? If this was made by women would it be a good bill?
PP is a feminist liberal group that kills babies... they hate men, conservative women, babies, animals.
https://saynsumthn.wordpress.com/2015/01/19/the-day-i-saw-abortion-first-hand/ … you chop babies. You have no say in anything murderers
Mind your own body. We can make informed decisions about our bodies without your pro birth, anti women's bodily autonomy nnutjob input
Shania. How short sided. The majority of people who get abortions are women who are married with kids already. And where's the blame at men?
Planned parenthood is the organization that kills the unborn baby ,there is nothing else you do thats the fact ! #DefundPlannedparenthood
my new van love driving it spreading the message
I found your worst fear
Don't call it Trumpcare. That'll make the redhats love it more. Call it what it is: Deathcare.
Murdering babies everyday.  Don't know how anyone could work there
Many quit and require PTSD disability.
Abortion is legal - you want an abortion - you pay for it!  My tax dollars shouldn't be paying for it - Defund Planned Parenthood Now!
Awe too bad.  You will have to fund your baby parts mill without tax $.
No tax money is spent on abortion. Take a minute to inform yourself.
Are you joking?
Interesting article but no evidence to show PP money being fungilibized in this way. This argument could be used  question the use of funds
I'm a musician and just started chemo. Medicaid is my only insurance.  Don't gut it !
You tell people you are created to help pregnant women but refused to help many. You collect $$$ only for abortions. Babies LIVES matter
Defund PP. Baby murderers.  those babies lives mattered. You chopped their lives short. Sick and evil 
Graham/cassidy is flawed because the fed. Gov. Was never meant to play a role in healthcare. It isn't perfect, still better than obamacare.
Another day, another attack on American's access to healthcare, seems to be the way it goes these days.
Come one! Come all ladies! Step on up and have your baby chopped on up.  A 2 for 1 special today, 2 kidneys for the price of 1!
Baby killing Nazis
Thanks for listing all the benefits. Anything bad about the bill?
Portman won't change but this won't be forgotten. Screwing Ohioans 3 times in a row, will bring a very interesting next election.
This organisation is deeply rooted in racism. It was first suggested to stop African Americans from having children. WAKE UP SNOWFLAKES
I'm sure that the babies who didn't get the chance to live actually have the worst healthcare '
Hahaaa, cry me a river. At least it won't be a river of baby parts.
Planned parenthood has lied to many of you people
Call you senators to pass this bill to defund planned parenthood no more genocide on unborn babies stop killing babies

How many babies did planned parenthood murder today? Few thousand? How about last year? Over a million huh? How many Americans dieD at PP?

To clarify: That nationwide ban on private abortion coverage would kick in IMMEDIATELY: http://acasignups.net/17/09/19/important-graham-cassidy-abortion-catch-22-especially-ca … https://twitter.com/aslavitt/status/910315346070065154 …
You'll get new funding through your OKCupid joint venture......
deadly serious
#stopGrahamCassidy
Like they are saying:"we have no more arguments,and we don't care"...
Correction: 
-that doesn't force millions to buy unaffordable healthcare
-doesn't spend our taxes on murdering babies
#KillTheBill
People with metastatic cancer will pay $142,650 more a year to get coverage.
Lol no but in your little world of fake news it does.
Why do a bunch of old white men think they know what normal people need or want in healthcare?
I'm surprised #GrahamCassidy hasn't included the hashtag #VotingBlind concerning CBO scoring.
Nobody is losing coverage. Stop peddling BS. Oh, stop infanticide too.
No tax money is spent on abortion. Take a minute to inform yourself.
We have to point out they're males so it makes it sound even worse to the lefties because as they all know, men are just baddddd
Don't forget the big tax cut thingy.
By take health care away from millions you mean allow people to choose not to buy healthcare. Doesn't sound very pro-choice of you.
It's hard to believe conservatives are motivated solely by greed here.  Hard to escape conclusion there's some sadism at work as well.
Of course!!! FORCING ppl who outright oppose abortion to pay for it is the Planned Parenthood way. Pathetic.
How about some basic economics, "idiot"? Every $100 PP receives of public $ frees up $100 of their own $ to pay for abortions.
Sounds awesome
TrumpCare Is Fatal For 20 million Vulnerable American s It Will be Hell for McConnell and Trump! Jim Rickard s and I agree @nytimes
Fatal! The sky will also fall!
Another words, make healthcare affordable again for all of those who pay for all the deadbeats and welfare queens.
Graham+Cassidy would sharply _increase_ healthcare costs for everyone, and deny healthcare to ~32 million Americans:
Tell your Senators to #SaveTheACA & #SaveMedicaid, to prevent that.

And cut out the bigoted nonsense.
No tax money is spent on abortion. Take a minute to inform yourself.
Planned Parenthood moral compass be like....
It's nothing short of #DeathByGOP
Yes, just like you need to stop killing babies
No tax money is spent on abortion. Take a minute to inform yourself.
You're lie are despicable
Everything in @PPact's tweet above is true.

Also: PP is the single largest _preventer_ of abortion in the USA, by providing contraception.
Publicly-funded contraception programs, especially through Medicaid, prevent 460,000 abortions/year in the USA: https://www.guttmacher.org/sites/default/files/report_pdf/contraceptive-needs-and-services-2014_1.pdf ….
Graham+Cassidy would cut those programs, _causing hundreds of thousands of abortions_. To have fewer abortions, #SaveTheACA & #SaveMedicaid.
Stop the murder of millions of unborn babies. Don't forget to add that in.
Is it really murder if they don't have a functioning central nervous system?
That is the lamest excuse there is. As soon as it has the potential of becoming a self sustainable person it is murder to kill them.
Where the hell did you get that nonsense. I'm extremely pro military and law and those that enforce it. Anti liberal more like it
I didn't realize how bad ObamaCare failed DOUBLED American's healthcare  rates $5000/yr more for average family & nearly eliminated choice!
And? People have been telling them to fix it and they prefer to screw up your healthcare for optics.
Yea shouldn't spend money on a company that sells aborted dead babies
No it doesn't liars. It actually keeps everything the same except how the money gets distributed.

Use your voice!

Keep the pressure on!…
Obviously you're not enrolled in Oblamacare.
