2. It's so cruel, there's a long & growing list of nonpartisan orgs that oppose it:
3. http://350.org  @350 opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
4. ADAPT @NationalADAPT opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
5. Alaska Wilderness League @AlaskaWild opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
6. Alliance for Retired Persons @ActiveRetirees opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
7. America’s Essential Hospitals @OurHospitals opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
8. American Academy of Family Physicians @AAFP opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
9. American Academy of Pediatrics @AmerAcadPeds opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
10. American Association of People with Disabilities @AAPD opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
11. American Association of Retired Persons @AARP opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
12. American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network @ACSCAN opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
13. American Civil Liberties Union @ACLU opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
14. American College of Physicians @ACPinternists opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
15. American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists @ACOGAction opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
16. American Diabetes Association @AmDiabetesAssn opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
17. American Federation of State, Country and Municipal Employees @AFSCME opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
18. American Federation of Teachers @AFTunion opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
19. American Health Care Association @ahcancal opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
20. American Heart Association @American_Heart opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
21. American Hospital Association @AHAAdvocacy opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
22. American Lung Association @LungAssocation opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
23. American Muslim Health Professionals @MuslimHealth opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
24. American Nurses Association @ANANursingWorld opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
25. American Osteopathic Association @AOAforDOs opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
26. American Psychiatric Association @APAPsychiatric opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
27. American Psychological Association @APA opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
28. American Public Health Association @PublicHealth opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
29. Association for Behavioral Health and Wellness @ABHWorg opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
30. Association of American Medical Colleges @AAMCtoday opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
31. Big Cities Health Coalition @BigCitiesHealth opposes the Senate @GOP health care bill
My brother in ur state in poorsville pensauken...state run facility...help please..go tour down there...looks like a bombout village poor sj
It's more than just that.  They also want to satisfy vocal minorities and to "punish" supposed system "moochers."
You took their MONEY, Cory. DO SOMETHING. Stop running for president. No more Incrementalism. PROGRESSIVE.
So propose interstate health care, and tort reform and let's make a real difference.
Yes truly....WHY?
And YOU joined the GOP & voted to block the importation of drugs from Canada. Why?
Exactly! Is this a genocide of the poor & sick? It sure seems so when you read it. A despicable man to try to shove this down our throats!
because of an ignorant electorate ; senators who are bought by special interests; and the flaccid Democratic Party.
The democrats need to come up with a plan.  Now
The strategy is to let GOP pass their crap then people will see for themselves...them unveil Obamacare 2.0 with fixes...
I'd rather my friend, who is a transplant patient, NOT become a martyr in the process. They can't let this become law.
Sorry to hear that and I understand but the Dems are only a minority party and can only stalled things. The dumb people in this country
Have given the GOP party all the powers to do anything they want. The only chance are the people fighting back and resisting...

Congress Members tearing apart ACA to force us to accept AHCA:
Vote for it, you own its unpopularity
We won't forget
http://www.businessinsider.com/poll-ahca-obamacare-approval-ratings-2017-6 …
Do what u can to stop insanity. I will lose mine for PE condition. That's sad. If u all had what #GOP wants us to have it would not happen.
Exactly
I'm going to pay a fortune paying out of pocket for my medication. Very disappointed the drug cuts never happened, esp with #Trumpcare.
They aren't going to regulate OR negotiate with big pharma. They are some of their biggest donors.
They are @CoryBooker s donors too
B/c the Koch bros & other conservative groups don't want us to have healthcare.
•Sen. Booker, great list of groups that oppose AHCA, but the most important group should be on there:

•Citizens.

http://www.businessinsider.com/poll-ahca-obamacare-approval-ratings-2017-6 …
Stop scaring people -  #NJ sent you to D.C. to FIX things not to divide the country.  Show us your Plan, bc #Obamacare is really dead.
Ocare not dead, but is being killed by 45 and gop. Just bc liar in chief says so doesnt make so. This is not h/c. It's a path to elimination
If more people are paying the penalty NOT to join it then are on it ...I will give you it's on life support.
Fake news... 7 mil paid tax. Some 20 mi ppl have gained coverage under Ocare. The U.S. uninsured rate dropped to a record low 8.6% last yr.
Still pissed at you for your unfair comments on obama speech fees BUT very pleased you still have some heart left ...
I'm pretty sure @MichaelJFoxOrg and other Parkinson's orgs are opposed to the #AHCAKills Bill too.
Thank you for this extensive list, Sen @CoryBooker !
BOOKER FOR PRESIDENT!!!!!!!
Plain and simple
@BurnettCynthia @GOP Why? Because unaccountable psychopaths run America.
So tired of hearing the BOTH Sides on this. Neither Side is helping the people. You should ALL be thrown out of Office. We are JUST FED UP
It is NOT a health care bill. Call it what it is: Trump's proposed Millionaire's Tax Cut Bill.
But when the Senate had a chance to vote to lower pricing on pharmaceutical drugs, @SenBookerOffice voted against it. Hypocrite
that was a one-sentence non-binding resolution that would not have resulted in cheaper drugs even if everyone voted for it
But it showed his true colours. He's a hack and in the pocket of Big Pharma.
1/ It's important we put the GOP on the spot to identify everybody that is support their bill.
2/ besides GOP congressmen, potus, ins cos, and wealthy individuals I see nobody lining up in support of the AHCA JUNK BILL.
No tax cuts for the rich on my back!
Is this the longest thread in history? Dude post on Facebook and tweet the link. This is madness!
True - but you lost your moral high ground when you sided with big pharma against your constituents on prescription drugs
Bring out the single payer bill! Can't have a war of ideas without some ammunition, and they're already killing the ACA.
Good catch, Captain Obvious.
Speak, Booker! From the mountains 2 the valleys, from the cities 2 the villages, let your voice proclaim these TRUTHS! #StandUpSpeakUp
Income redistribution to the wealthy so Thurston Howell III can buy rare endangered species loafers for $50k.
What did you get from the Koch meeting? Have you turned into a Koch man now? How did they do this to you?
As long as healthcare for profit exists, the incentive will ALWAYS be placed on profit, and the @GOP will ALWAYS support it. #trumpUNcare
What are you going to do to help reign in drug prices? Will you insist on a #PublicOption since you are against #SinglePayer
Price was on tv this morning, and the blatant lies, or is he that stupid, were insulting.
Please add  @MarchofDimes to your list
Not only a tax cut, but a retro-active tax cut!  WTH? Did GOP really see ACA (RomneyCare) as class warfare? Do we need insurance companies?!
U still on my list!! WHY WOULD YOU DO ANYTHING WITH @IvankaTrump ???
What's your fix for Obamacair homie
Which will affect me and my family who are YOUR constituents. Why do we have to suffer? We didn't elect these people. (I know, I know...)
Yes
I always hear a lot of talk from the Dems but see very little action
Epic! Thank you!
I'm not nor never will b in top 1%. Damn sure if I was I still would b sickened by this bill.
Bless you @SenBookerOffice for sharing all these agencies @GOP @POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenMcConnell Pay Attention!
Because Republicans are are all about the money. Theirs! @Michael36776349
Yes, the GOP Death Party is only interested in themselves and their wealthy friends 
Rep blocking access to 
HC for millions,causing
unnecessary deaths by
reducing Medicare/Medicaid!
To give millions back 
to Wealthy 10%!
I am still mad at you for your vote about denying import of drugs from other countries. #VoteNoHeller #HellerVoteNo
But, but Jamie Dimon CEO JPMorgan really really needs more than his $13,500 an hour . . .
Please run for president.  Will assure us Trump for 8 years. Please.
#GOPDeathParty
How do I explain to my grandson why his 3 day old brother, via Medicaid, will lose that along with him. Baby's heart murmur=preexisting con
Trump and the Rich have a giant hole in their soul that they just can't fill it with enough money. So they've taken to kill. #HellerVoteNo
Fantastic thread - thank you Senator Booker.
GOP- Greedy Old Pricks
I wouldn't want to be a rich person. No way. Not now.
Imagine all that bad Karma weighing on their souls.
Please read the thread here by @SenBookerOffice
Sen. Cory Booker for President 2020
Call it what it is- #McConnellcare Oh, and #McConnellcareKills
It's GOP Wealth Care cause GOP only cares for the wealthy. GOP champions of the parasite class.
So what r u going 2do about it and the Big Pharmaceutical.. Can u start raising more hell start kickin ass maybe in all of them top down

Are u still takin money from Big pharma.... ????
The  reasoning behind it all is to line their greedy pockets!
Actually, @SenBookerOffice, They also know full well that passing the #HealthCareBill is a form of oppression. #TheyKnow
And to punish people for being poor and sick and old. This is not economics - it's hatred.
We get it.....so why did you vote against cheaper meds from Canada??!!!
Thank you, Senator Booker, for fighting 4 us.  #Resist  I see Booker 2020.
But every lower middle class Trump supporter thinks he/she is going to get a big tax cut.  LOL
Pretty obvious that Trumpcare is disastrous!!! Healthcare professionals who make their livings caring for the sick prefer ACA!!! WISE UP!!!
They are not humans or beings or Christians or atheist or Budda orvwhatever they don't give a shit
Yep and these people helped write it. Do you think your health is their main concern? Why didn't my representatives answer my calls?
And this is my representative @SenateMajLdr is the definition of taxation without representation! Didn't we have a tea party once because
Wrong. Congress does not Tx patients, American's are DOCTOR 
vulnerable. Wise up.
BRAVO 
Stop taking $$$ form Big Pharma before ya start preachin', Rep. Booker.
If they take our healthcare than we shouldn't have to pay for theirs. No healthcare for senators
LOVE this!
Please share this list on Facebook!
Thank you for doing this, thank you for fighting so hard for us.
You mean like the millions of Americans that are now and will be stranded as Obamacare continues to implode?
No one says they can't go get insurance. Get a job and pay for it like I do. No more free rides!!!
TBH anyone should oppose it. Unless you aren't and never will be sick, and rich of course.
No problem.  You'll stand up to big Pharma cos for legislation that will help us get more affordable medications.  NOT. #hypocrite
Senator Booker - thank you for the list.
What's  the solution?
What are you and the other elected officials going to do to STOP this massacre on our healthcare? Talk all U want but Im not seeing a fight!
No LIST the Insurance Companies and Big Pharma who "Donate" Millions to @Gop for this bill like Starr Companies, Blue Cross, Aetna et al
Who donate to McConnell & Ryan
Starr Companies BIGGEST donor to all followed by Blue Cross check @OpenSecretsDC has all donations
Ask the Republicans on TV, "how is kicking millions of Americans off their H/C, where 100's of thousands will die, a Christian act?"
So, everyone but 47 @gop senators seem to reject the bill.
It's sad that the United States treats us as dispensable.
YOU FORGOT:
Sideshow Carnival geeks oppose
Midgets w/lost digits oppose
Men w/hats oppose
Men w/out hats oppose (It's a Safety Dance - LOL)
Yes because we don't matter.   It's all about the rich what about us hard working people don't we matter?
These tweets resemble something...what? Hmm. O yeah! Filibuster by amendment! Any chance Dems will do this where it counts-on Senate floor?
Yes, traitor Rs will change the rules on you. So what? Please go down swinging! Then retake congress and use their rules against them!
Please fight for, Universal Healthcare Coverage for All Americans.
Have you spoke with your good friend Jared Kushner about this?
This monstrosity won't leave people stranded. It will leave people dead. #TrumpCareKills #GOPKills
WHY? Answering to corporate overlords, rather than working "for the people"
Wow. That's a compelling list! GOP - you should be mortified at putting this horrendous bill before the American people. Vote NO. THANKS
#HellervoteNO
Why Lie Cory? Why Lie Cory?? bet it is because you want to be the Democratic candidate to run for POTUS in 2020. You sure Look Ugly to us.
Democrats can't seem to find a way to stop it. WHY?
The fact that a conversation is even happening about a "trade-off" between tax cuts and human life is deeply disturbing...
The ugliness has pushed to the surface like the scum on Donald's swamp.
It's not just the $$ it's a Trump/Ryan/McConnell obsession with erasing all things Obama out of pure Hate and racism.
Get off twitter and get to the negotiating table they claim is open and if it's not the start bitching about it again
Congress doesn't care about citizens...strip Congress of their healthcare.  @Change #Resistance
I can repeal in one sentence. "The ACA will no longer be referred to as Obamacare under penalty of law." There, all done.
Who made you god?
Life is sacrosanct! We all have stories. But when left w choice b/w buying med ins & paying my Federal taxes, medical ins takes precedence.
You are so right! Keep fighting!
