yes Please Block everything!  No Seesions. No Tillerson.  No Mnuchin!!!!!   Bannon needs to be out !  Push
you, liberal media & your party are a complete joke when it comes to this travel ban. If @POTUS we're banning(1
*were
when will you stand with Americans first?
And how did you not understand that the Senator's speech and the kid's letter were about Americans?
islam requires allegiance to their god. You cannot serve two masters.
That is bloody laughable. What religion doesn't? Where do you cranks come up with this nonsense?
stop all Muslims...they are terrorist!
you're an ignorant hater who knows nothing about Muslims. Go preach your hate to your alt-rights.
I'm preaching it to you because it's your KIND that's destroying America
anyone who leads with hate will destroy America.
that was Obama
who exactly did he hate?
America...white people...the police
Good thing he doesn't then-one less thing for the extremely busy Cory Booker to do.
If Cory Booker asked me if using Ann Frank's death as a political prop was a good idea I would have told him no
.@SenBookerOffice .@CoryBooker Thank you Senator.
Right Booker - typical Prog! Leave out the phrase "Radical Islam" just like you do "Illegal immigrant"
If trump creates Muslim registry, everyone should register.  Millions of people on there makes it invalid
@gates_mcfadden @CoryBooker Anyone who is a legal citizen can stay. Parents and media are creating false fear in these kids
no Trump's administration is putting fear in ALL Americans including children.
Dear Senator, You are extraordinary! Thank you for your integrity, honor and your grit! I applaud you!
Last night my granddaughter's friend's daughter - saw my Time mag w/trump pic on cover and asked me...
"Is he (trump) gonna send all Black people to Africa?" I asked her why she thought that, she said her friend
at school told her that was going to happen.I tried to turn the moment into a teachable moment...
but, sadly, I think I failed.  When they left, I sobbed. Senator, THIS can'T STAND!
If they're truly American Citizens they have nothing to worry about. It's cause of the false info ppl like u spread.
That's beautiful, I completely agree with Kerrigan
I hope you wrote him back and told him you would fight for him
... but we all know that it is a lie propagandized by the Dems. your are all a bunch of melting snowflakes
Muslims, he would add ALL of the Muslims all over the Stop w/faux outrage. We kno ur trying to rile ur base (2
.@SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker THATS HOW YOU THINK, LIKE A 7 YEAR OLD!
You are worried about kids, and as an opportunist lie that Trump wants rid of Muslims. No..its called vetting.
lol
< radical Muslims stupid!
: Fills me with so many emotions. Keep fighting #IAmTheStorm #corybooker
you are despicable for your pushing the idea that @realDonaldTrump hates muslims. you can hide behind the kid..
, yes & yes
a 7 yr old is more emotionally, morally, and intellectually intelligent than most Trump voters.
Good Job tonight. SAY NO Pruitt  Puzder Devon!!!!!  Get with all them Democrsts. Where is our UNITY?????
we are outraged  we can get threw to voice our opinion. We need him out he is mentally unstable.
another contributor to fake news. Sad!!!
Thank you for being so honest today on cnn... nice to hear someone say the actual non-kid gloves truth!
boo hoo. Help americans first.
illegals not undocumented
Great message (but terrible background music, cut it out). Thank you! I moved to NJ in 2015. Glad you rep me
We have too many homeless and veterans living on the streets and eating from garbage cans in the U S....God requires us to help our own !!!
Oh, yeah @Marina_Sirtis, let's manipulate the vulnerable children to needlessly scar them with fear to help our politics ...
7 year olds are not tax payers.
posting this just adds to the fear mongering.  Falling right into line. Great job Senator!
See a 7 year old has been common sense than our president.
@gates_mcfadden @CoryBooker Dear Cory Booker, I would like you to vote against Big Pharma, not for it. - Phil, age 33
Tell like it is..Radical maybe, the rest not going anywhere.. You sure no President talent!
is he real like T Bone? Never know with you
It's about fear not hate. Hate is a deflection. 9/11 is deeply branded in our minds and the fear of  Muslims.
go away with them!!!!!!!!
although a 7 year old could do a better job with Newark then you did.
Hold your head up high, Kerrigan! We're in the streets for you.  Your name is on a piece of paper in my pocket
I would prefer Kerrigan aged 7 as President of US to Trump. Let's pray for his impeachment. Shame on Trump.
now we're going to start to listen to 7year olds. Give me a break.
is this made up as well?!?! You seem to have all these made up quotes #fraudstercory backstabbingcory
You, sir, are not teaching that child the truth: that his friend will be taiught to hate him and all infidels.
but if kerrigan's family couldn't afford prescription drugs then you'd stop caring about him. Right Cory?
If another Senator tries to lower drug costs, I expect you to tell them yes!  Otherwise, you're a Republican.
@realDonaldTrump  Once again Cory is out of control and tugs at heart strings. Cory we all have your number and a once promising career is 0
My 8-yr-old feels the same. I wish we had someone we had voted for in office to speak for us. #redstateproblems
please lead me impeachment of him. We are in grave danger. It is not even one week. Please stop him now
Russia Russia Russia Russia
Russia Russia Russia Russia
Russia Russia Russia 

Stay focused
Dear @SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker Did you do the responsible thing and inform this youth it is lib hype and they don't need to worry? #maga
UR WHINYING LIKE A LITTLE SKOOL GIRL! 
HAVE U CONSIDERED WORKING WITH POTUS AS OPPOSED TO JUST BEING A BUTTHEAD
he's just getting rid of the bad ones. ..if the shoe fits. .....
she wasn't messing around, she expects a letter back . She enjoyed meeting you. Thank you!
Thank goodness the democrats are no longer engaging in cheap political theatre...okay, I'll add "not as often".
@SenFranken My son in 2nd Grade at Prairie View Elem, Eden Prairie MN is also worried about his friends! Sad!
WOW!!!!
seriously, you could be great! If you would only stop taking money from big pharma.
Marco Rubio did in 2016....
but he still ran ... dropped out ... then ran for Senate. Cory could do the same ...
What's amazing is @POTUS reply will be written as a series of tweets lacking such sophisticated use of grammar
I'm with Kerrigan.
someone is practicing good parenting. Nice to see!
We have been nothing but terrorist in the M. E.. We occupy their lands, & start wars 4 oil.
I am weigh Kerrigan!
No! Please tell the president Yes!!!!!
bahaha! No one has said that. Man you leftists are paranoid.
thank you for standing up for our rights.
I  think that the House of Senate, need to take action to protect the country and the world. #madasacutsnake
+1 Tell him no!!  We need our leaders in office to stand up, be loud, and be compelling.  #ResistTrump
Senator, you gotta start building solidarity by opposing ALL these awful nominees, and delaying them — please!
It is illegal to do this, the constitution protects freedom of religious rights!
But we can kick Russians out!
Kudos to those parents for teaching tolerance and love to their child! We are all equal!
How about voting no to the horrid cabinet choices too? I once was excited to follow your career.
Thank you for the bravery you've shown & hope you've given us. It matters.
