Lmao ...or just tell the lazy fucks to go get a job...
Um, most can't get jobs or already have them. Are you talking to disabled children or the handicapped elderly?
So...what are the parents of these kids doing? Sitting on their lazy asses? Most of them are I'm sure. Ijs The gov has enabled them
BRO. I know you're smarter and more compassionate than this. I'm going to break it down for you...
If they're middle class, how do they possibly qualify for Medicaid?
Because their child is disabled.
And that's great that it helps.BUT,my argument is about those NOT disabled or elderly.It's about those who are plenty capable but are enabld
So, should all in need be punished because a few take advantage?
Medicaid is protecting your neighbor ? How about a job that pays their insurance ?? Which is actually help ??
What about the elderly, children, and the completely disabled?Are they supposed to just find jobs?
Government has ABSOLUTELY NO BUSINESS in healthcare. Period! You want insurance, get a job. I know several of disabled ppl that work.
Oh yeah? And just what karma might that be? Please elaborate...
He can't come for me if he doesn't exist... #believethat
How about: love your neighbor. Single payer.
How about: love your neighbor. Reject rationed care.
BOOOOOOOOO
Log off
No
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Can't argue with stupid. Best to ignore!
I'm disappointed Queen. I thought you could do better for yourself than calling someone stupid to justify your position. That's just lazy.
Sometimes the simple answer is the best answer. Now take your 96 followers and log off.

SINGLE PAYER.
If Democrats "compromise" and help Republicans fix ACA, we can kiss Single Payer good-bye for at least 10 years!
FDR tried to do it with Social Security and it didn't work then, during an era of massive bipartisanship. We need to fix what's broken first
FDR did not have an "era of massive bipartisanship". And you're right, we need to fix what's broken not patch it!
Well he had bipartisanship enough to get most if what he wanted with both repub and dem support.
My medically fragile child's life at risk w/o #Medicaid pls share to raise awareness
'At just 8 years old, she is the strongest human being I know' — this mother wants to protect her daughter from Trumpcare 

Sorry to say I have issues too. Doesn't mean I'll fight against him, just cautious.
I just want the truth. Jared needs his clearance yanked. And so kudos for his #ACA saving. But, #Kushner... #TRumprussia @corybooker
The clearance is my primary concern for public safety.
@CoryBooker Sir U have to do more! We're in a crisis! I need ur help, please contact me before more people die!!!
Did you clear this RT with your health care industry benefactors first?

#Diabetes not covered under #trumpcare #ahca #trump https://goo.gl/pzQGFA 
Why aren't religious leaders being carried out of McConnell's office in protest of the GOP healthcare bill instead of disabled people
Or the effing lobyists
why don't you give that big pharma money to the people who are about to lose their health care
"Blessed are those who are persecuted for righteousness' sake" (Matthew 5:10)
#SaveACA #SaveMedicaid #FacesOfACA
Booker stay out of politics! Not your strong point! Can't believe the education you've earned. Although not a lot of common sense!
Amen.
So now, the left wants to reunite church and state when its convenient in promoting their policies while separating them when it's not.
If my neighbor is; black, mexican, gay, transgender, refugee, educated or muslim, then Fuck Medicaid.

~ any christian republican
Did you give any of that big pharma money back like you said you would Cory?
Amen!
American way doesn't include punishing 
poor/middle class blocking access to HC
Mean spirited,cruel bill just to give 
tax break to wealthy!
Illegal immigration needs to be stopped. We can't keep rewarding bad behavior.
Booker, you r a lying, calculated POrabid ! U   You don't know anything about love!
Uh...you're first sentence completely negated your last one and proves you don't know anything about love.
also myself and a good portion of the people I know and love
YOU ARE SO RIGHT!!!!! too MANY SENIORS & THE DISABLED NEED MEDICAID!!! THE CHIP PROGRAM IS NEED!!!!
Lololol
I don't live in Jersey any longer, but I'm a Jersey Girl at heart and this heart loves Cory Booker! I know you will keep resisting...
SAVE ALL POOR PEOPLE ,THEY ARE OUR BROTHER AND SISTERS
THANK YOU. ALSO: ALL 250M w/ priv. H/C will lose: no pre-x,no lftimecap,mental health,kids to 26--we only have BECAUSE OF/since ACA
Loved mr booker when he ran for mayor in Newark New Jersey then he became a sellout like all politicians
GOP ups Medicaid $71b, more than enough.
Your information on the contents of the AHCA comes from FOX. Read more. Read more widely. Read what's actually there and how it compares.
Change does not mean u can't get maternity coverage. It means every1 isn't forced to buy it. It removes the mandate. Gov is not stopping it!
Are you aware of the term "Adverse selection" as it relates to insurance?  Look it up.
Answer to the majority @CoryBooker
love your neighbor in camden, your benign neglect is appalling. ..
Why don't you work rather than doing nothing.
@CoryBooker Mr. imbecile go sit on the steps hold up a sign resist & don't forget your pink p hat.
Hate the messenger all you want but the fact still remain, we have to love our neighbors and protect Medicaid.
The American Citizens are on the hook, and a certain Senator, benefited as he took sick, was treated. Btw, we paid for his healthcare!
Not, Cory Booker. But a Senator, who is pushing Appeal to ACA. Let's let our voices be heard at voting polls when re-election occurs!!!
American citizens, research OAP, & FEHBP. Healthcare coverage "Congress " is covered under. OAP, is modest Annual fee of $503."We pay for"
SINGLE PAYER.  NOW.
by all means ! the dopeheads need medicare to pay for their dope.
Thank you for all you are doing including that rally on the steps
TY @CoryBooker
Corey Booker: Love your neighbor, make him pay top dollar for scripts.
Flowers for my Senator for doing a great job. #resist Vote NO to #trumpdeathcare ask ins co step up
Love your neighbor from a distance! Tough Love is still love! Quit giving handouts and promoting dependency!
Those "devout christians" seem to have forgotten those words.
Love your elders!!!!!!!!!!!! Love vets!! Love children!!! Women in shelters, etc.
Great sign!
Amen brother!!!!
Protect your employers, expand medicare to everyone in this country.
Medicare for all, please.
eat poooooop cory
Love thy neighbor's health insurance as thine own.
Yeah until he votes against it anyways @corybooker already sold us out before
Really eh? Sigh
Yup -he voted against buying medicine from Canada - some of his big donors were pharmaceutical companies.
Ugh
Wow
But most important of all VOTE!!!!
government is machinery - best to keep this in mind
TrumpCare: a repeal of the Travel Ban to Death
I'm sending the love !
Why does your ilk conflate voluntary charitable giving with gov forced redistribution of wealth?
Some days it takes more than others. 
To a senator who hands are greased with pharmaceutical money who voted no on cheaper meds to the American public
Love your Neighbor put them to work.  Medicaid should only be for those who physically can't work.
Fight this bill tooth & nail, please.  It will b disastrous for this country.
What if your neighbor is Mitch McConnell?
I'd do what I'm currently doing to my hateful next door neighbor-cleaning the litter box & fling!
I have 3 carts and 3 boxes. LOL
Compassion is at the heart of the Democratic party. Thank you Senstor Booker.
You mean give people not willing to work freebies 
Loving one's neighbor means charity, not govt power schemes
How about support single payer.  For profit health insurance companies needs to go to the grave
Amen
If history is any barometer at all, the Emperor must take care how he is judged by his neighbors as well as his people!
So filibuster by amendments
Called my 2 senators and rep. Talked to real ppl.
this
so proud you are my senator
How about Single Payer Medicare All. Oh, that's right Corey you're a well funded Corporate Dem that's against it.
That's being Christian. Serve the poor and disabled.
Love your neighbor, force them to pay for your healthcare!
Love yourself too. #TrumpCare will set coverage standards for ALL health insurance. Why do you think the lawmakers exempted themselves? 
Thank you, keep speaking out, try to sway those undecided Republicans with examples of how it will hurt Americans.
Cory, we need your leadership in higher places 
Then you better start fighting alot harder because they want deaths by the millions
Hypocritical leader, Nancy Pelosi's lap dog. COME ON MAN !!!!
Steal your neighbors hard earned cash is what it really says. Idiots
Medicaid is not something that should be done away with. Children and seniors especially need the benefits to stay alive
You hypocrite! You really disappointed me! You're no better than the Repukes!
#TheResistance 
#Trumpcareless
WHY DON'T YOU PAY FOR THEIR HEALTH CARE SINCE YOUR SO CARING?
The Lord instructed to do the same
My daughter has epilepsy and her seizures are not under control.  Thanks to Nikki Haley not expanding Medicaid it took 10 years to find help
Govt theft is wrong nd redistribution to protect your reelection not a single thing about peoples needs. You only care about total control
To all the negative do you have a child or loved with that depends on Medicaid? Probably not.
senator booker, are you willing to use the amendment process to stop the republican health care bill and protect medicaid?
I've been blowing the phones up here in Ga . Call your senators people .
stop ,Trump save medicad
You're a whore to Big Pharma. Go away.

Useless and Impractical message, you know better Cory Stop the Pandering to our people,it is an abused system and needs corrective decisions
love your neighbor. Stop the push for #FightFor15
Seattle's minimum wage hike (which I thought was a great idea) may actually have cost low-wage workers: https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/seattles-minimum-wage-hike-may-have-gone-too-far/ …
Yes, protect your neighbor from Muslim terrorists.
I have my own set of problems, I should not be expected to pay for your problems nor do I expect you to pay for my problems.
Then you've completely missed the point of being American, of Christianity, of functional society.
As an American, can expect you will be out to fix my roof? Might as well work on the well while you are here. Be at your place next weekend.
Awww! Thanks for the gibberish reply! I know how hard grammar and syntax can be for bots. But I appreciate you trying nevertheless.
PS I'm gonna try to get you suspended like your other account already is...
You have a command from God to care for "the least of these" & when American political games are over, u WILL stand before God &give account
Alot of people are on Medicaid that shouldn't be
I just don't understand. Does Medicaid have guidelines? Who qualify people for Medicaid? Do they have to provide proof of income? Assets?
Obummer made it alot easier to get on it,they should be some kind of rules so people that could afford to buy insurance buy their own.
Not suck off the government.we have to many free loader on government assistance
True dat
Love America. Vote to lower prescription drug costs.
RT @CoryBooker: RT: Love your neighbor. Protect Medicaid.
Meet Rowan.
I don't want this to be ignored, so please use white text so it's more easily legible.
I'll see what I can do. 
I wish everyone felt that way. Never expected to receive wishes of death upon my disabled child's life
'At just 8 years old, she is the strongest human being I know' — this mother wants to protect her daughter from Trumpcare 
No one is wishing death on your child. Far from it. If politicians expect a 6% and only get a 5.999 % increase it's a massive cut that
Keep everyone dependent
trying to manipulate scripture with misguided failed worldly systems is big no-no... #Praying4U to repent.
After AHCA, GOP will focus on next powerless group to siphon remaining wealth from.
They're going after the old and sick children. It's disgusting.
STOP spending money YOU don't have! Cory get in there and come up with solutions not sound bits!!!

@SenBookerOffice the American Taliban hates the religion of love thy neighbor
Come on Senator!  Wouldn't you agree that the elderly, the disabled and children have had a free ride long enough? #HowRepublicansThink
The truth about Dems scare-tactics
My 1st job on the Hill was in '83. The Fed gvt spent $19 billion on Medicaid that year. When I was at the WH in '01, we spent $129 billion.
which has everything to do with democrats and nothing to do with insurance and pharma execs jacking up prices and making care inaccessible?
Mr. Booker, please get informed. The new proposal on health does NOT ban Medicaid.
Medicaid is critical for extreme conditions and severely needy. Medicaid is not a trade off for a new Caddy or 50" TV. Best run by States.
if u can get the Dems to come together & stop tearing each other up we would be able to protect Medicaid...right now the Dems are in turmoil
#Reform Medicaid so it works better to help the most needy.
#Medicaid is already an efficient program. How about the Republican Senators repent & turn from their wicked ways. #SaveMedicaid
Many, the elderly for example, aren't helped enough. Both parties need to work on it.
Help? Rob our poor, our most vulnerable to make the rich richer...that's cruel.
Matthew 25: 31-40
Lol same neighbors that spray painted and burned a cross in the yard lol ok
