Senator Bob Mendez is undecided on Sessions.  He can be reached at 202-224-4744.
Mendez mailbox full what no twitter 
I guess you weren't taking your own advice when you voted against lower prices on drugs?
Why did you give up on Americans getting lower prices on prescriptions? I don't want to hear about the safety excuse either.
very disappointed about big pharma. Come on senator you are better than that. We're gonna need you in four years
. Who said that. Benjamin Franklin
If Booker and the other Democrats are so concerned about drug safety, why did they vote for the 21st Century Cures Act?
Nor is it a time to deny reality.  Far left or Far right agendas are the problem  Do not need cheerleaders, but problem solvers.
Please keep holding the Trump administration accountable, we all have a lot of faith and hope in your leadership
yet you're in bed with big pharmaceutical companies you and Trump are one in the same. Do anything for profit...smhhhh
--For a start- everyone should go to http://petitions.whitehouse.gov  and sign any petitions they feel are important
ITS TIME TO PRAY!
MAY THE ANOINTING OF GOD 'FOR THE PRESIDENT' DONALD J TRUMP,
FLOW FROM HIM TO US! #UNITE
ESPECIALLY TO U, SIR!
I SAW U THERE!! GOD BLESS U TO SEE: #BernDidNotBoycottNorSenWarrenEtc!
MAY YOU KNOW ALL WHO SPEAK HATRED, DO NOT CARRY IT OUT!!!
THERE ARE CONSEQUENCES FOR PREJUDGING THE NEW POTUS~REGISTRY
~HOW U WOULD FEEL IF IT WERE U AS PRES!!
#WhoAsked4ATownhallInstead
GO ALONE!! TAKE MANY SELFIES, MAKE FRIENDS & SUPPORT THE SISTERS, BUT MOST ESPECIALLY BE BRILLIANT! FIND SOMETHING NEW TO SAY!!
#AllLivesMatter
WOMEN MUST BE TREATED FAIRLY! #RESPECTFULLY
U SUPPORT SAFETY & EQUALITY FOR WOMEN!
#CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS 4 ALL

Dear @UN & @NATO

Liberal America did not abandon you…
You sold out
but it is time you stopped making a fool of yourself. Nice CNN Interview while hanging with Soros funded disruptive rally.
Thank for standing up for diversity and equality, Senator.
Amen
But for you, it's a time to save up and buy that new house you've been longing for.
Counter on you to fight these deplorables

You have no idea what you are talking about...just a shill for the collectivist you are......
Trying to get you to recognize March 1st--Women of Color Day, annually. 2017=  30th year; 25 states;5 nations. Suzanne Brooks
It's time to vote for the pharmaceutical industry!!!
then stand up for what is in the interests of your  people, not your pockets!
this is a time for America to unite behind Donald J trump our legally elected president
I agree its about tomorrow not four years from now.  Please work hard to fight for us in D.C.! I got your back in ATL
no it's not but progressives have given up on you. Stay home in 2020
No, now is the time to support big pharm.
will you march with us today? Hope to see you there!
please give a shout to the women's match in Trenton!
says the guy who votes for big Pharma and against the people!
booker voted for the wyden amendment which would have actually lowered drug costs:
WHERE ARE THE DEAD CANADIANS?
call Senator Booker 202 224 3224 and ask him why he voted against a bill to import Rx from Canada 50% cheaper than we have to!!
fda remember them? And then when someone dies from unregulated drugs you'd be yelling at cory for that instead!!!
I am not yelling at him I want him to be a progressive Democrat. Not a sell out to big pharma making him a corporate democrat!!
arent you a trump supporter? Shouldn't you not support this?
No I am a nationalist not a Globalist!
uh, then how do you account for your pharma vote?
thanks for the reminder: not the time to give up
We no longer trust you. You sided with the drug companies. You should be ashamed. You chose your own career over saving lives.
<--- this guy is a cringy-snake.. i'm not donating my pharmaceutical dollars to him anymore, because of the edu corruption 
You could have run for president. Your more qualified.
You have better get your shit together.  Dems like you are on notice.  #losingmessage
You're considered by many to be a potential candidate for 2020, please connect with progressives and drop the big pharma money.

did you and T Bone attend the inauguration together?
but tonight can we just drink up?
you're part of the problem!!!
says BigPharma to the distinguished gentleman from NJ
Then why did you vote down the drug import law? Do not help these jackasses. Also, stop taking big pharma money.
@marceelias except when big pharma calls. Shame
Impeach Now!
Time for you to run for governor! Please! New Jersey needs you!!
I don't hurt, I don't fear!!!!! Stop it, that's utter nonsense.
why don't you handle pharmaceutical companies with the same conviction?? Instead of taking money from them?!
Why can't you take your blood money and go quietly ?
.@CoryBooker Cory give back the money you received from the pharmaceutical lobbyists. #ResistFromDay1
what is that Ryan?..
@HouseDemocrats @SenWarren 
I don't know if this is true....I hope not!
As a disabled citizen,I will  contact Republicans, Democrats via Social Media at every opportunity.
Thank you Cory for putting up the good fight!
Only that right now I really don't want to hear from the likes of YOU #sellout
except when its against the phrama industry.
woof woof!
unless its big pharma telling you to do so
I hope you see just how scary  this is DC KKK march with police escort  Jan 20th 2017 the New United States  my God how why?
This is supposed to UNITE  us !!!! We are going to NEED more then encouragement. . We need you guys IN DC TO STAND UP
@brandi_e_hudson why would you take pharmaceutical donations and then vote against the people's interests?
I stand behind u on not importing meds from Canada or anyplace else! That's y we have fda regs! No other country does!
We're all still trying to figure out how the people whose salaries we pay to protect us allowed a career criminal in the WH #SMH
@TexDem16 I'm showing my disrespect to Trump Senator. I hope you oppose him well.  Fascism starts when good people do nothing.
You have no credibility left. Neoliberal corporate sellouts like you are the reason Donald Trump is president right now.
Time to take one from their playbook.
Help,,, 2020.. We need you..
thanks so true.check this out why does Melanie Trump back turn to speaker Ryan?
But apparently it's a time to break windows at Starbucks?
Oh we know and we won't!
Thank you for your leadership and courage.  Know you have our prayers.
So nice of you to accept money from White Male Big Pharma Donors lol. Bernie got TED CRUZ to vote for his cheap drugs bill
You sure Tweet like quite the fool
We appreciate your determination to make things work, with focus on what is right for all!
but it's time to sell out to big pharma right?
really?? Really??? Willing to fight for America when it's convenient for your wallet, eh? That's called morally bankrupt.
Now is the time to come together as AMERICANS. To do anything less is UN American & disloyal to Our Great Nation & our People's!
: It is in every American's interest, especially black America, that you "NEVER" become President. This is all about YOU!!!
Keep up the fight Cory. Let the detractors talk drugs, we've got a much bigger battle to fight. Never got good meds from CA
I know Cory, but I'm doing just that today. I'm not ready to accept this man. He's everything I taught my sons not to be. #Sad
You hosed all of us with the canadian pharma vote.
thank you for your great words 
thanks for you positive words.

you sold out to big pharma and now you are going to rally the troops?
So hard, because it feels like it
Brilliant. 
Pitch perfect.
Agree! We need that kind of encouragement.
Yes #truthtopower #uspoli attends #TrumpInauguration .@CoryBooker This is not a time to curl up,give up or shut up.. http://cor.bo/2iS7PFi 
unless big pharma tells you to...
with u Mr. Booker. But leaders HAVE GOT to show that something is being done about the stolen election. Or its all just words
@ActDontReact No. it is the time to vote for access to imported prescription drugs.
don't listen to the haters sir. The American people need you. Keep standing up against hatred, we'll have your back.
sad to hear you are going to the BIG PARTY today
Class act! Everyone should read your comments.
While you're busy not shutting up can you give a better explanation why you voted down drug reimportation? Explain donations too
I hope Dems have started impeachment process already. We are counting on you.
you're done son.. take ur Wall Street money and go home. You'll never be president
if your not part of the solution then you are definitely part of the problem
#CB2020
no it's not...know ur Federal, State, & Local Reps..call them, email them, just do it!
Your right Cory now is the time to show a little tiny bit of CLASS then SIT DOWN and work w President Trump. SHUT UP if you can't be nice...
... If you can't do any of that JUST GO AWAY for the next 4 to hopefully 8 years. Cause you aren't ever going to be president.

When will you co-sponsor the #TermLimits bill?
CORYBOOKERPRESIDENT#46 #CORYBOOKERREALLYMAKINGAMERICAGREATAGAIN #CORYBOOKEROURHOPEFORANEWTOMORROW
I still think you should join your fellow Dems and boycott the Inauguration.#unity
anybody speaking up & standing up is my guy at this point. Go Cory, go.
that's it Jersey! It's time to bring the fight to them, for us, truly for America.
...or go get your Passport & find a nice warm beach  to enjoy while America goes Crazy.  Rest up & be ready for the 2018 fight.
if your not there you are curling up, giving up , and shutting up, no one can see you from your living room but they could there
Exactly!Jersey Shore
Shore girls for booker!! Love what he did for Newark! Even if I couldn't get my drugs bc he was campaigning by my hook up spot
I am curling up until this damn day is over. Let me curl. Tomorrow we begin to think of 2020.
sellout
politicians not at the inauguration for personal reasons are not representing the people only their own personal gains #sad
Actually, any time would be a good time for you to shut up since you don't actually represent our values or interests.
he represents mine.please don't speak for everyone! #2020
You're right, I don't speak for everyone. So you're aware of him voting against cheaper prescription drugs, then?
yes, yes I am!! The fda is around for a reason!
I'm not saying it isn't! I agree with the FDA's existence, but your information is skewed. Would you mind watching something?
would you mind going and effing off? I have my opinion and u have yours?
Excuse you, asshole. I never insulted you, merely offered evidence. People like you are the reason the country is failing.
@CheckingTheMath you as well #MrBooker. The party is looking to you now. #Democrats
unless it comes to healthcare. Amiright?!
one third of population here in New York are still curled up. Those whom sleep don't speak.
correct this it a time to celebrate our great nation at the swearing in of the 45th president and put personal feelings away
Irony in ur saying that sir,
   we have a new president,  all need  unite behind him in  common bond as Americans &pray for him
.@CoryBooker People are very angry with you, sir. Endorsing Keith Ellison would go a ways toward amends. A fourth action - Man Up.
As the Eagles song went "Get over it"!  You mohht also trto " Get over yourself"!
you should of took that kind of action against the pharmaceutical industry
it's fear! We are frozen with fear.
lost respect for you.if you run in http://2020.You  will not get my vote
keep fighting and don't give up make your presence known. This is only the beginning
Word!
I think you should give up
Yet some members of your party need to learn that sometimes, like TODAY, it works best to SUIT UP, SHOW UP, & SHUT UP!!
boycotting the inauguration me and millions are not interested in this nonsense..
Cory time to grow up u did not have an election defeat u had an election if the results were reversed thus would not happen we r Americans
WE the people shall over come!  Yes WE can!
"Nothing will stop us from serving, helping, sacrificing, & struggling for ... America" except my big pharma donors. #shill
no more listening to news without fact checking and reading! We have to be better informed. People do not get complacent!
There are zero electoral votes in denial so how bout trying a little unity for & healing the division that exists be a leader
Thought u would b sitting out the inaugural with our boy Lewis. The people are watching.
shame on u for going to this farce
It is the time to stand up and speak up.
You're the ultimate 'rebel without a cause' ...or a clue.
#NMP!!!!!!!!
Agreed. Also a time to STOP taking money from Big Pharma, you hack. Start working for us.
I'm not giving up, fight!
this is the time for unity God bless America #Inaugurationday
It is time be act like adults and proud Americans

big pharma owns you. Actions speak louder than words sir.
Be polite, but have a plan for self-defense.
Henceforth we must consider every white person a potential white supremacist/Dylan Rood and act accordingly;
Hard to believe you all can't see that McConnell is part of this Russian campaign. How we give a mole our nuclear codes IDK.
or sell out
Thank you, Mr. Booker. We're behind you 100%.  From CA @SenWarren @SenSanders @BarbaraBoxer @POTUS
Poor excuse of a senator, promoting so much hatred & dvision in this magnificent country that we live in. Bottom line, you lost!
Hes just show boating. Preparing for a run for POTUS!
NEVER MIND WHAT THEY'RE SELLING IT'S WHAT YOUR BUYING!!! quote Fugazi #organize #resist #makeonefist #WorkersOfTheWorldUnite
but didn't you do just that on the Canadian pharma vote?
When you're well paid, you have to fall in line.
Democracy is not a spectator sport and I bow to become more active.
of course if #Resistance is trending global all day would be great as well
but the more social media hype today,the Don will take&twist to all turned out for him. So silent today and VERY LOUD tomorrow
Thank u for putting our fight on your back & praying for you to have the strength to help us see better days together in America
Doing better. Keep it up.
u better shut up cory! you are as much of a problem as is DJT! you like some social issues better,thats all!
it's a time to fight!
then let me ask you AGAIN, will you support the Devos nomination? If you want progressives support you should be a no vote.
ty he already said he was concerned about her nomination..
your party did that long ago.

https://www.jacobinmag.com/2017/01/betsy-devos-public-schools-teachers-unions-charters-privatizations-democrats/ …
Just want to live a regular life. https://www.gofundme.com/just-want-to-live-a-regular-life&rcid=26a35c8e3f7b4b38b9fbf277a0243330 …
It's time for you to pipe down. Enough.
Thank you for your WORDS! #Resistance
Why RU planning on vocally protesting at today's discrediting accession?  If u won't put up then curl up, give up & shut up.
you give good speeches but I've lost my faith in you, Cory. Very disappointed in you.
i support him
time to work!
True. But to difficult to watch. Will march tomorrow.
I agree! That's Y Senate and house need to #dosomething now before #Trump sells us down the river to Russia
