Too bad you guys lose constantly $ can do nothing about it.Maybe deal with the corruption of your own & just maybe you won't be such losers
An American President that can't get loans from Amer. banks, needs Russian $ & meddling. LOL Hmm
What loan? What bank? Because on the record there is no evidence I am aware of...
Just google it, or wait for Mueller to finish. You want to ignore, you will ignore. Your choice.
Come on give me source make it easy for me. Google isn't helping.
Already pointed U info.& sources. I have actual children to direct in life. Uchoose ignorance.
@TheDemocrats @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems - Dems need marketing help. Stop policy tweets & hit w impact - FLINT is COMING to YOUR TOWN
This is why #ACA is under attack because Dems didn't SELL IT EFFECTIVELY. Dems may be intelligent but they are ignorant of people's motives
Awesome now we can have the great taste of chemicals.
Closing the #FlintWaterCrisis investigation, was the first strike.
Can't we all just do a citizens arrest of this administration for crimes against humanity?
At this point it seems like we need too do a citizen's arrest, for Embarrassments Against Humanity.
How do we get it started? And yes, I am serious!
so sad.. despicable, really.
How the hell does he figure this is making America great?? It just makes no sense like everything he does.
Every member of the Trump administration who doesn't have the guts to stand up to this Bully & stop his insanity is equally Guilty!
Let us never forget Stephen Harper
This is in essence attempted manslaughter on a criminal level; dereliction of duty on a political one.

IT is disgusting how this man, has NO care for the environment, and how he has cut the EPA program.
Yeah and he actually put a climate change denier as the head of the EPA, Pruitt has actually sued the EPA now he's the boss that makes sense
Keep spreading the news!  And keep up the good fight!  Booker-Harris 2020!!
Harris-Booker 2020. Fixed it.
Seriously, when will he be stopped?  He is doing nothing but undermining everything President Obama accomplished because he's jealous!
He doesn't care, his base doesn't care, it won't be important to them unless they are directly effected. Even then I wonder if it would
Booker is gone!
As we learn nothing from the tragic #Flint debacle.  Real good @realDonaldTrump you are truly an arsonist of all this is good
Just in time for worse health care.  Is he literally trying to kill the country?
And somehow it'll be  Obama's fault that he rolled back the clean water acts as this so-called President does no wrong he's Mr.Perfect.
Clean water for non-rich?? Preposterous... Evangelical Hypocrites better pray for bottled water.
Nothing epitomizes stupidity like the current WH resident. #TheResistance
Trump started to roll back clean water rule. So I in 3 Americans will now be drinking at risk. Killing Americans, one drink at a time.
and that's in flint michigan where 11 people died and the snyder gov just gos around like and is nonthing ,so what
Explain to us how this makes America great again ... oh, wait ... that's right ... it doesn't!  SMH
I cannot believe how little they care about population health! Can't you guys do anything??

@SenBookerOffice  @thinkprogress
This makes no sense.
Kinda funny under Democrats 50 year control y'all managed to poison Flint Michigan residents and put the blame on bus now you blame Trump
And getting news from think progress is like getting your news from North Korea that's nothing but a far left anti American propaganda rag
Apparently, this is how we MAGA 
Angry very angry  get him out now
Thats why jailtime awaits Obama
And our water was clean in Flint under Obama ?   Hahahahaha.Another.False promise by demorats
WHEREVER President Obama name is, the lewd & ignorant Trump who is full of envy, wants to destroy it.  He cannot wipe the name Of Obama out!
Obama couldnt even wipe his ass
and if he gives you $1,000 you will vote for his roll back.

Why doesn't Congress remove this inept dangerous President?
How can anyone still believe this administration is doing "good" work?
One in 3 huh? Really? Give it up man
Sen. Booker, have U returned monies paid to ur campaign by #JaredKushner ? Please do so, as keeping it constitutes a conflict of interest.
No water or health care or food stamps. Thank god we still have subsidies 4 big oil, big agriculture (not small farms), & lower taxes 4 rich
Donald is trying 2 undo everything that President Obama put in place 4 our protection. President Obama's leadership will never be forgotten!
Gotta love the administration of #FuckFaceVonClownstick - which is now trending again mightily!
However Cory all that money u take from his son in laws fam is OK
Where the F was Hussein when Flint had bad water?
Only rolling back, undo, repeal, what does he plan for USA? MAKE AMERICA SMALLER AGAIN
Only poison water I remember was obamas Flint water disaster. yea, u did great on that with your 'legislation' solutions. Silly guy
oh no, were all gonna die! We see youre back to the old poison the water line of crap. No one buys this junk anymore. Canival barker.
They really, really don't give a fig about the Amercian people, do they?
What a way to make America great! I'm disgusted with the greed of this administration.
Making America Sick Again....Trump is not good for the US. He must be stopped.
You're a softball

Trump's incompetence & insanity will destroy our water, our air, and our planet. He evidently can't even have empathy for his grandchildren.
How many protections will be enough?  Can't we simply refuse to allow the racism of #45 to risk the citizens of our country?
Republican cruelty strikes again
This is scary!  
But hey Berniebros want all river's water replaced w champagne! Sell out! CHAMPAGNE NOW! CHAMPAGNE NOW! CHAMPAGNE NOW!!!
This is still America, right?  A first world country and leader?  Oh wait, the #BillionaireBoysClub doesn't care about people, just tax cuts
He's an irresponsible president
no he knows what he's doing its game
And his base will get sick and die but still be wearing their red MAGA hats then blame Obama
The irony is, he's poisoning the very people who voted for him & they're still cheering bc they haven't figured it out yet. Sad.
I think Trump should be forced to drink the contaminated water to suffer with the rest of us.
You're being disingenuous as this rule has was never enacted.
Immoral!
SORRY ! WRONG AGAIN DRAMA QUEEN
Another hit in the mega hit album by the ever entertaining  #GOP Oh how we hate Americans   with their bandleader #trump
They need to be drinking bottled Flint City water in the WH.
He wants us all to drink his KoolAid instead of the water.
Did anyone actually take the time to read the article?
Thought it wasn't constitutional.
Flint has been drinking toxins for 5 years. Obama was useless.
Oh, great. Goodbye, clean drinking water...  Trump is a *disaster* for this country!
Big Pharma Phony Cory Booker take the money . Cory Booker cares about Cory Booker constant scare and divide people sickened
Of course.  #followthemoney it's  all #payforplay with this bunch of #crooksandliars #sellingoutamerica every chance they get
Congress needs to stop this one man wrecking ball.
@CoryBooker What can Congress do to stop this foolish,  stupid, DANGEROUS repeal? This impacts national security.
Thank God he's getting rid of those horrible regulations keeping us poison-free!
Sick ppl, please also rt
Since when did a liberal label like "Clean Water" Rule mean what it says on the tin? Usually it's the exact opposite.
Hope the first place to get hit with polluted water is that garish place Mar-A-Lago!  Sorry but have had enough of this "nut case"!
Nonsense.
What the hell
They want to ruin America
Yeah clean water was so great under Obama
@ngeiling Boy does he sure hate president Obama.More people love Obama then love trump,he don't like that
And here's a sampling of the costs to fix problems in 1 city where the GOP decided not to care:
Like to repeal him....
Donald Trump and his team thinks it's okay to poison working and middle class Americans if they can make $ off it.
https://www.paulajean2018.com/ 

