If our reps are a solid no do we call other ones?
yes! call Fitzpatrick of PA- they are answering calls and taking records. He is undecided- 202-225-4276.
Haven't made it through yet; I'm taking that as a good sign. Flood those phones!
Tom Reed is a yes.
Then get more people to call him and don't stop.
Lawrence Jones Obamacare failed my community
Please call now!  It works.  Just spoke with congressman Bank's office and gave a young man an earful!
For so many elderly, increased increased insurance premiums would mean less  for other essentials.  Are we to suffer in golden years?
Suffer in our golden years while Trump sickly enjoys his golden showers?
Say "NO!" The healthcare bill is unfair to people with pre-existing conditions.
Call and get others to call
The number given for Coffman is "not in use."
Call main number on bottom they'll connect you
That # does not ring...
Mine flipped to yes this morning, buying this garbage, Called him a anyway.  Pleaded.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP will Lose the VOTE of Every Voter who Loses HealthCare. @GOP Voters r watching & need #ACA Work w/ Dems 2 improve ACA
If we live in a Dem district, is there anything we can do?
call Fitzpatrick of PA- they are answering calls and taking records. He is undecided- 202-225-4276.
Do out-of-state calls help or hurt?
Sorry, my error - had my fax on sending faxes to every rep I have a $ for!

Twitter Handles of all Reps by State here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Kv7QhPqssImqtKhhCyv5abgFhHj01VokIrMdVFUI02c/edit?usp=sharing …
When I put in my zip code it hangs  up. Obviously Upton of whom I'm  constituent, doesn't want to hear from me. You will in 2018. Bet on it!
All the phones were off or set up to not take calls.  I tried
just called. I am sickened by these small  minded egocentric entitled bigots that will be the cause of so much pain & suffering. Furious
Made my call...Denny Heck (R) Washington is a "No" on the bill.
I'll be calling my rep to vote yes. Thanks for the reminder.
I call my Rep continually and I'm ona first name basis with workers in office and @TGowdySC  doesn't care.  At all.

Voicemail box full, will not accept messages, second phone number tried this am. Horrible bill, health care bill should be about health care
MY REP @repjimcooper #VoteNoAHCA NOW DIFFERENT STORY FOR #NOTMYSENATORS @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker #FIXNOTNIXACA
Thank you for this.  Made it possible to call, tweet and Facebook these people while at work.  Excellent!
Have called them all, and most messages are full, so moving on to emails
Mail boxes are full!  Hopefully that sways them!!
ACA is under attack. Find/Call your rep: https://www.house.gov/representatives/find/ … 
Enter your zip. Find "Contact" 

CALLING is better.
Lawrence Jones Obamacare failed my community
Those pussies hung up on me lololol
@JosephScrimshaw @CAPAction why must we keep telling them we don't want this? Why do they need to be shamed into doing right?
the number I'm using from the Toolkit for Young is not in service. do you have an alternate?
My Rep is already voting no but I called anyways to let him know I support that decision!
Those who go on record voting for this fiasco should never win another election
Voicemail boxes seem to be pretty full for most.
Done yesterday and today.
Topher: RED alert so appropriate when there's approaching djt disaster.  If passed, we'll go after ALL Rep House seats w a vengeance! #2018
Never had I hoped to, grow Older any quicker but, hurry up congress elections!! It's time to replace, most of this prez lap dogs. Then, him!
People. Get on your PHONES!! Get ready to, let then HAVE IT wen, they return home!! "By any means necessary"!!! Show ur ownership of...,
congress’s mailboxes are full and they’re not accepting messages - tweeting can work: 
https://twitter.com/cspan/lists/members-of-congress/members?lang=en …
On top of that. They don't want any CBO score, ahead of any votes. Wow. Talk about being told to "SHUT UP", u pesty constituents!!!
They come out n evening. Profess to have the votes. Wana vote 1st thing next day, so as not to give constituents, a chance to voice their..,
Thank you!!
The so called "honorable" Tom MacArthur 's phone is not taking messages. #shocking
Every mailbox is full. The operator is very nice tho... #zombietrumpcare
HOW DO YOU SPELL AS-HOLE?
SPELLED AS EVERY REPUBLICAN 
WHO VOTES FOR TRUMP CARE!
THIS PARTY AS A WHOLE DOESN'T
CARE ABOUT THEIR VOTERS
Reichert VM full and not accepting new messages.
@Alt_DeptofED @CAPAction Thank you! I called ten...all mailboxes full...but will keep calling
Called my reps in idaho. Thanks for the info
My rep's mailbox is full. Other suggestions?
THANKS JUST CALLED! PLEASE CALL AN RT!
Or... http://house.gov  has a directory to tell you who your Rep is and their direct office number. And senate.gove for them.
Please add WA State (R) Rep Dan Newhouse to call list.  He lives in a blue state & saying he is voting YES on #Trumpcare 202/225-5816.
called n staff said they're so many amendments 2bill , they don't know what they plan 2do
Called no# 3 times. Was hung up on
Is this for real? All i get is a request for me email when I click on the link
FYI: If you're calling reps not in your area, please look up the zip code for that rep you're calling so they log the call & it counts! CALL
Many require a street address!
link not working!
I got through on 2 of @HurdOnTheHill numbers. 210-921-3130 n 202-225-4511.
Not too hopeful; Koch Bros PAC backed him. Am for Prosperity
Make those phone calls!!!  Stop #Trumpcare
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan
 This is a red alert. Only a TIDAL WAVE of calls TODAY can kill Trumpcare. 

Call 866-426-2631…
called reichert.  Had to leave ICU and patient care to do so.  Staff said undecided.
https://twitter.com/zmcb40/status/859594072046129152 …
@RepMcSally no
.@RepWalberg is refusing to say how he'll vote. Aides won't even say how calls are tallying. COWARD.
For those who want to fight against the AHCA but don't know how to proceed, here's a short thread:
1/4: 
If your senators and reps aren't saved in your phone yet, text your zip code to 520-200-2223.
If my rep is Tom goddamn MacArthur, do I call?
Yes, tell him why you are opposed and how you will work to make sure he is never re-elected. Be polite but forceful.
For Rep Coffman select Option 3, not 2 and you will talk to a real person.
I'm in Permutters district.  Do you know if Coffman will even talk to people outside his district?  Coffman is a problem
Good question: most times he has been strict and only talking to CO06 constituents, but on two occasions he did not seem to care.
Thank you!
Meanwhile we revisit @HillaryClinton and now it's verified what was said here: http://truepundit.com/fbi-director-comey-confirms-true-pundits-exclusive-thousands-of-classified-hillary-clinton-emails-on-weiner-laptop/ … @true_pundit
Issa voicemail full. Rohrabacher line busy (good sign) 
@BrettArends @CAPAction trumpcare in onamacare out ! Anything better than obamacare you fools!
Call even if the rep isnt in your state. AHCA will have adverse impacts on employer provided plans also! Especially if ur emplyer is nationl
Have a street address within Rep's district!
My rep (Costello) seems a hard no - I called him again and just Facebook messaged all of those on this list. Everyone needs to do this!
PLEASE CALL THIS NUMBER AN TELL YOUR CONGRESSMAN TO VOTE NO ON THE AHCA BILL.  I JUST DID.
Got through to several people, there are real humans taking calls. Keep calling!
Just called. Told my story. Pre-existing condition. Would be dead if it weren't for the ACA. Doubt if it will get to the rep, but it's done.
Maybe wise to emphasize that NY & CA Reps are most vulnerable, esp after AHCA provisions take effect. Also, go hard on Ferlinghuysen in NJ.
Please see Gmail
Done!
Done!
I called to vote no. I was connected to a republican to explain why. He was SO rude! Don't let them bully you! Call!
Me too. I got hung up on. Don't let it get to you call anyway!
My rep was a no yesterday. Is there a new list? Rep David Young from Iowa?
people can enter their address to find their Rep's contact details and call/fax/tweet:
Enter your address to get your Rep's contact info (including sending a Fax thanks to @faxzero) to stop #Trumpcare: http://cau.si/o/1020/z-dMe 
@johnastoehr @CAPAction Thanks!
Thank you. Actively using it atm however it keeps crashing.
FYI, this could also be called Toolcare Trumpkit.
Just sayin'
I called rep. Morgan, SW Virginia, please vote against bill
