sure wish we could at least have cheap medication from Canada
Hope you will check out the Legislation I introduced with Sens Sanders and Casey to do just that.
I will, but to be honest really don't expect to be impressed.  Reps are just concerned about next election cycle....
true
knowledge is POWER

stop he never said Medicare would be defunded it will be left to the state so i guess you will just have to get to work.
@Ivanroberson
dramatically reduce treatment amid the opioid epidemic
reduce healthcare access for Women by defunding Planned Parenthood
Other than abortions and abortion advice, they provide nothing more than referrals.
In sincerity, would you like to come with me to a clinic to see all they actually do? I'd love to bring you.
They are trying to stave off consequences stemming from bad behaviour by saying "Well, Yeah, we did that, but we do good stuff"
My life philosophy is to embrace and build on good stuff everywhere I find it. I keep my eyes are wide open to catch it all!
- Insure 15 million FEWER ppl
140 characters is no excuse for bad grammar.
All a bunch of crap!
that's not any of the thighs he is doing now get your facts straight before you shoot your mouth
You forgot it will push grandma over a cliff. Same song second verse from the left
I think...
I'm so ashamed. When did greed become "Making America Great Again"? I'm so ashamed.
by rich you must mean those who have been brought to poverty by Obama care premiums. You've never had a job, no real insight
Wrong your a liar or "what is it the liberals say?" a bot. Heh, heh ha ha were voting you and your incorrect ideology of America out. leetle girl.
I think your crystal ball is faulty
@RepJohnKatko Please vote against this destructive nonsense. Do what's right. #Ethics
Thank you for being 1 Senator (R) that speaks up y is not intimidated by truth.It is a big issue with me y the Wolf pups y bears
Happy St.Patricks Day Sen.Booker! Thank you for fighting for the  people's health care. We can't let it. Be stolen! Lives at ris
so in summary, Obamacare might've cost more money, but Trumpcare will cost people their lives.
Didn't the GOP vote on the ACA and put things in and take things out?
not one GOP voted for the ACA in 2010. Also we did not know what was in it till it was passed
We? Did you have a vote?
Infant. She's right. Ask Sluggo, I mean Nancy.
no more than Obamacare. Stop the mean rich rhetoric. Waste free ride spending needs to cut.
Appreciate you speaking out telling the world, the horror the Senate has passed to 4 no reason . Killing off our Alaska wildlife
Not if you and congressional mates stop him.
please keep fighting and what's with our congressman?
can I add.. .and stop being a sell out Cory?
O,watch and see. Citizens need to go back togetting their own health insurance. Why is the government. Involved?
oh and obama was a saint, how about that billion dollar solar deal he did, and they went belly up
The people must speak up call your Sen y Congress .Don't leave it undone! It is your life your families lives so BE HEARD!
WHY DO YOU LIE?
good facts. How much money would collaborating healthcare with Canada save #followTheVotes #followTheMoney
fix it vote against it!!!
once again, more lies, deception and twisted truth to try and make your point... therefore you have no point.
WOW how can this be stopped
thank you for your hard work and commitment to all people!
it was the plan if Hillary was elected we would now have government run health care, Obama care a big lie
so true! Thank you for all your hard work
Please don't let them dismantle Medicare
We need to form a Northeast healthcare plan. Give free medical school to students in exchange for service There are ways.
that was Ryan's plan all along #heisevil #zeroCompassion
Thank God on dis mantle of medicaid. Get rid of the freebies. I work so can they
Tell me Cory? What is your purpose in making these statements. I mean, exactly what are you trying to accomplish? I don't get it
@clarkstreet *fewer
Your 2020 campaign will go up in smoke like the @HillaryClinton campaign did; you're a liar and a sleeze just like her!
How dare you pretend to be against Trumps healthcare bill when you're in bed with the Pharm industry; sleezy corporate Democrat!
And how dare you slander my country of Canada to excuse yourself; we have stricter drug regulation than you do!
For where envy and self-seeking exist, confusion and every evil thing are there.
James 3:16 NKJV
You just keep Lying! The CBO said people by CHOICE would opt out of Obamacare! Because it's CRAP,
Sounds AWESOME!  Making America great is FUN!
for each one that voted for trump and loses heath insurance i have no sympathy for them at all. They voted for no insurance
this is what the republicans want. The relublicans are traitors to their supporters
Look this is what the American people wanted. Either by voting for Trump or not voting at all. This is what America wanted.
please name the republican health plan "Trump Care" and say it every chance you get.
AKA TRUMPDOESNTCARE
@scottgranneman you forgot to add destroy lives. Hope you're happy @SpeakerRyan & @GOP you "win" #StopTheMadness #TrumpDontCare
The rich shouldn't even be considered in the health care plan. They can afford healthcare.
"...tried to tell those 'trumpsters'! Their hate for the Honorable Obama has put all the 'less fortunate' in a bad way!"
@SenBookerOffice what about cross state line? No more penalties? Allow employers to hire f/t employees again
please fight tooth and nail against this. We have your back!!!!
@SenBookerOffice Cory, my wife and I root for you for the next @POTUS electiona go get them
everyone needs to start planning for their parents grandparents and crazy uncles to come live with them.
lies lies....all lies you Libtard!
#ohmy  Coach Booker what can we do to help?
Considering you talk to Ivanka and attended her Wedding maybe you should just tell the family. We'd appreciate it.
Cory, Cory, Cory always giving evil doers the benefit of the doubt. You're short some 9 million souls.
No one talks about how universal healthcare would make US companies more competitive worldwide. One less huge expense.
I wish you would stop with the same rhetoric as the mis informed. The 'rich' pay 95% of federal taxes. Hardly fair.
when will we be rid of this diarrhea in the White House?
you liar!!
honest question...where can I find unbiased information about this ? You need to site sources to back this up.
.@CoryBooker I'm going to miss breathing.
corporate Democrat who takes 300k from big Pharma. Votes against the working guy. Nice post.
What do you care? I don't see you fighting for single payer. I wonder why that is Senator.
will 
- not be re-elected cause he SUCKS
Yes Cory and that is the good news as the uninsured will rise to 24m over time. This must not be the law of the land
misleading lies. Majority of those are ones not FORCED to buy and would CHOOSE not to. My choice, not yours!
Help us!
 why does this NOT surprise me.
thanks for fighting the good fight!! Don't let #Trumpcare through
the care has gone up under your watch. Support something or come up with a solution.
@RangersMBA *fewer.
@chitadelmundo But it will pay for 4 years of #45's weekend golf trips by decreasing the budget $300B. So that's good #AHCASucks
really helps those who don't need help. So we should wait 10 yrs 2 get more affordable ins.  Hospitals will b hurt most.
now we watch DJT demean the CBO & any other organization that doesn't approve this plan 100%. Gov. should protect the leastof us
Trump promised care 4 all. This obviously doesn't do that. Repubs just want the tax break 4 the wealthy & insurance companies.
@SenBookerOffice so the GOP accomplished their goal.
thats for starters cory tell them the rest 52 million uninsured by #trumpcare bils sucked out of medicare
Thank you for speaking out against the GOP.
@PatrickMcHenry Sir, your reply!
@gassee Those are all wonderful things! On the other hand I'm not a communist dictator want-to-be.
yah but Cory think of how much richer Trump is going to get w/ business friends pay'n him off 2 make this baloney become reality
It's almost like Trump is an awful president or something...
Opt for Wealthcare over Trumpcare,  maybe? Demonizing on personality is why we're losing the ACA in the first place.
It can't be more expensive!! Mine is $700 a month with a $6,500 deductible. That's $15,000!
I think Donald is in the process of dismantling our government and the GOP is standing back letting him.
#Stop them
@SenBookerOffice They want to wait until after the elections,so the dumber voters won't know Repubs took away their health care.
Let's just call it what it is : EugenicCare
please help stop the madness. I feel like our country had gone back 30years.
I had emergency surgery. Without medicare I would have died.I guess my life doesn't matter to GOP.
ahhh to healthy and rich...
@kathie_konka2 -Senator it is your job to make sure this doesn't happen
Call it what it is!
So critical for us to better understand. At a minimum many will know someone impacted. Will be devastating for their health.
Those who stand to lose more than $7,500 in subsidies voted for Trump by 58-39. Voting against one's interests again.
Senator-another point. Steve King should be called to account for his racist remarks. Aryan Nation or what? Speak out!
All for money to the richest Americans in tax breaks. Not a patriot in the bunch. Will replace them all next election.
Higher costs for older Americans who have often lost jobs to younger people now working p/t min. wage. Outrageous!
It will throw older women not yet on Medicare but often impoverished into the street with higher costs just for them!
We should also stress Trumpcare will take years off the life of Medicare.
This hurts Granny and anyone who wants to live to 65+.
#corybooker2020
I love you Senator but my inner lingweenie feels compelled to tell you it's FEWER, not LESS, ppl. Other than that, you're right!
& let's keep calling it #Trumpcare. It's telling he doesn't want his name on it (unlike everything else).
I wish your tweet said *would* instead of *will.* Not much hope for us, is there?
You got a better idea.
"what then must we do?"
Bill refuses to force 15 million plus to buy health insurance. Freedom my friend.
geeee oh peee! only a republican health plan would include a friggen tax break and yet still leave most the nation uncovered.
And this surprises you why? Time to energize 2018 congressional campaigns. Make sure voters know why they will not  be covered
@SenBookerOffice we have to stop this. For sr citizens in nursing homes, Medicaid becomes essential for survival.
Find new solutions to help our people. Please!
@thebigotbasher But, make rich white guys richer, so... Mission accomplished, right Donny? @realDonaldTrump
that's not true, you are lying 100%. U need to resign, ur a fool
that's basically what I thought. Tax breaks usually mean that you have to put money out of your own pocket.
The tax breaks come as a tax deduction on your income taxes at the end of the year.
don't call it trumpcare - it's not his fucking plan. call it republicare, it's THEIR PLAN.
@SenBookerOffice #RepubliCare
maybe some day term limits will happen and we will not need to worry about people like you occupying a position for life liar
oh and Corey, you're a LIAR, you know it and so does any voter that is actually informed! Did you vote for ACA before reading???
looking forward to discussing your support for opposition.  See you Tuesday. #ObGynAction #acog
good, s you're saying it is a huge improvement over barry-care
Fewer (you can count people)
Trumpcare aka RyanDontCare not going to help American people All Americans should have the same healthcare that congress has
we know the potus is a liar and republicans are supporting that.  Are we all in danger of never trusting our government again
since your rich also that must make you happy then
what can we do to stop Trumpcare?
I got hurt bc of Obamacare not just hurt obliterated there are just as many ppl who got hurt by aca so I say negotiate
sorry to hear that.. at the same time, my colleagues in fashion are all freelance and could not afford a policy before ACA.
thank you. Trumpcare will literally leave me financially and geographically unable to continue treatment for a chronic disease.
...don't tell me you guys read it before voting on it like obamacare...
AND LEAVE MY BIG PHARMA FRIENDS TO HIKE PRICES TO THR HEAVENS. CAN U NOT FIGHT BIG DONORS SENATORS.
Should be called Don'tCare.
well, then 15 mil will have to get out on those streets
Have you even READ the bill or just repeating what your staff feeds you.   Or..the Pelosi way, pass first then read it! DUMB
*FEWER not LESS still outrageous!
@BeauWillimon Just sayin' but isn't it a bit ironic to read "Trump" and "care" in the same sentence? Let alone the same word?!
but at least we get to read the bill before passing it!
Good talking points. Obamacare will crash and burn. No Universal Socialized Govt control of my Dr! Let's try the open market .
heard that the "net-net" would be better care overall. Is that because the poor and sick will just die quicker?
no joke here Trumpettes, thanks a lot.
our representatives need to do whatever it takes to stop this repeal and replace.  this is life and death for some of us.
And it's up to the Dems to stop it. Ryan has audacity to give "I don't know" answers to cost, who'll be covered etc. Kill it
It's insane & clearly about greed. We will lose health care. My husband & I are in the arts & just can't afford pre ACA costs
Is that all?!!! I was SURE they would make Trump EVEN RICHER thannhe claims to be! Wait! He'll get tax breaks too!
@jenbfischer - these things are all Ryan's goals!
the rich should live and the poor die
Fabricating facts again arent you Cory??
Good job America 
Stop thinking about your AMBITIONS...and start working to MAKE THINGS BETTER
MY coverage went up 60% under ACA...you didn't seem to MIND that...I faxed your office a letter about it...GOT NO REPLY
shame on you Cory Booker for false accusations.
With love and loads of respect… *fewer.
Why do we give tax breaks to the FILTHY Rich that have enough money to by TESLA Auto's? ...Medicaid is a state program..
Nice narrative but it's #Ryancare Plz get it right.
keep the truth coming! I feel like they are trying to sell us some magic beans and in the end we will get eaten by the Giants
Now we know which stocks got bought up on election night. Or at least in which industry...
if everyone has insurance why do we need medicaid?
U just keep spreading lies, ask yourself how many Americans paid the fine & went uninsured & died under Obama Care !
@SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump Shameful
do you have a source?
The old scare tactic "oh the Reps are coming after Medicaid". No they're not. You can't say how many, if any, will lose ins.,
there's no way cover age will be more expensive now if competition is opened up as it will be. Coverage is going through
the roof with ACA and that's a fact. By the way, what does the new health bill have to do with tax breaks for the rich? The only
tax credits I see in this bill are for low income taxpayers so they can afford to purchase healthcare. What's wrong with that?
wonder if they have jobs in insurance after politics like in 2003 drug law
What's it doing to Big Pharma? We know you wouldn't comment otherwise...
What are you worried about you get free health care for life. For doing nothing! Get a real JOB!
so I still won't have insurance, so I still don't give two fucks.
did you get this data from "T-Bone" ?
American money belongs in #Detroit not #syria
Taking 15 million illegals and crooks off of Obamacare. 
