Yes they all dreaming if they believe they are staying in my country illegally!
Apparently even our president dreams
Protect America Children they also dream
.@DNC @GOP 1986 immigration reform act said no more amnesty, become legal or get the f out.
Dreamers are illegal
I respect your sympathy but you would continue to allow children to be abandoned to a dark unknown journey. Trump wants them to stop coming.

I got an idea!!!!  How about protecting American citizens for once?  Ohhhh yeah, new voters.  
As a man, moved to tears, just thinking if this was my kid!
Senator, protect legal immigrants too. Their children are deliberately excluded in #dreamact.
Get them out of America now.
He has not determined  what will become of those here. But children exposed  to rape and kidnapped along the way has got to stop.
Protect American legal citizens not illegal ones These people did the wrong thing and should NOT be rewarded for breaking the law
Don’t allow it to become the Deport A Child Act. #DREAMAct
You do know the average age is 26, don't you?
Keep DACA Alive@coryBooker
what about these DREAMers?

#NeverVoteDemocrat
American need to come first
Protect the American Healthcare!
The America First ideology has caused us to lose all sense of compassion in our country!
These “Dreamers”?!?!:
Talk about biting the hand that feeds you...
deport them. They can dream all they want where they came from. Booker u racist crook please get on one of the busses
Thank you Senator Booker! Thank you for your tireless efforts in protecting the dreamers as well as those that desperately need healthcare!
Don't defend a policy of allowing abandon children to make a journey with grim results. Trump has made the right decision.
If dreamers want to be Americans they should flow the laws of the country .
I'm so fucking tired of u Democrats! Worrying about all the wrong things instead of the American people!
No! What about low income Americans inner city kids rural kids all chasing the Dream but you are passing them over? Disgusting
Mr. Booker with all due respect you must be out of your mind. We're going now declare amnesty for 800,000 people along with their families.
Not all of them.... you know one of them is already conspiring against this country!!!!! Now go find  him or them!!
Help them become citizens, and if they won't become citizens, goodbye!
I'm missing something I know, I'm better off being an illegal alien here in u s rather than a poor citizen
I don't need everything is provid
Only if they become citizens.
Cory? Where is your bill??? Haven’t heard of it, perhaps it is lost in the noise of your rhetoric.

Disgusting that you want law breakers to cut in line in front of family members legally waiting for years.
What is gained by making the lives of Dreamers a nightmare!
If experiencing racial hate makes you sick to your stomach, get a patch, wear it, share it. Know you are not alone. http://equalitypatch.com 
Traitor.
Illegals
How about protect Americans not illegals but your record with blacks speaks for itself . You're a pandering loser
Thank you for supporting these valuable young people who add so much to our nation!
Get ALL ILLEGAL ALIENS out of the US.
I'm sending strength to you I can only imagine how hard it is seeing this type of judgment every few seconds of the day
Cory, Cory, Cory. There you go again. All things to all people. How’s NJ coming along? Credit rating? Pension deficit? Menendez? Corruption?
Your job is to uphold the constitution, maybe you should have someone read it to you.
AMEN!
Can I please have a list of laws we actually have to follow?
Protect the unborn Mr. Hypocrite.
Take the sign down, they are Illegal  Case closed
All about protecting dreamers but let's remember that their parents are #ILLEGALS here and that they need to be deported and vetted. #LAWS
How about Americans
Yes
Stop it. How about the average americans? Booker you are an BLM member. Come forward.
Voted against lower pharma costs..corrupt lying panderer
How about protecting the USA citizens first. Before we go to Press ONE for Spanish and then AMERICANS PRESS TWO
Hmm...
Wish this fool cared more about AMERICAN dreamers.
Well it's up to congress now. Let's see if you can do more than run your mouth
#DEPORT illegal aliens NOW Keep American Citizens safe from invaders who only take advantage of USA 
No Dream Act EVER or YOU lose your seat
I'm dreaming are you going to protect me. I'm having bad dream at night that your government is using my tax dollars for illegals to be free
What next DREAMERS LIVES MATTER, FUCK THAT MY BROTHERS IN ARMS BLED TOO MUCH FOR THIS COUNTRY. DO IT LEGAL OR GET THE FUCK OUT
I BELIEVE AMERICANS SHOULD COME FIRST.
Try standing up for citizens and legal immigrants.

No more free rides, get in line the right way or go home.
Give them citizenship.  This is the only country they have known.
Will NEVER happen... Dream On
Never say never my friend.
Liberals mock religion then use it when they think it can serve their needs, not fooling god, how about the dreams of the middle class 1st.
Protect your lawn from erosion! Get the finest gutters on the market, Grim Reaper Gutters!
Let's protect Americans first, end of story!!!
39K homeless Veterans & counting. These Demoncraps only care about votes from illegal aliens not about REAL patriots who've served
Who is more important dreamers or American citizens,please answer
You will never get a answer from Mr. Democrats,  they know how to avoid questions and look for the bigger plan to Obama-change America.
History tells us gov't only protects the rich and pretends to take care of everyone else.
Booker does not care about History.  BILL to destroy monuments.  pOS
Can u find a sign saying protect our health care 2! As a single mother of a disabled 8yo son Im terrified at how the GOP only care is a win.
Drea, if u had to choose 1, helping illegals or 2. Helping Americans like urself what would u chose
Choose there is no choice,  this country has the abilty to protect all! As a country based on immagrents which my family was u help all!
Those who are willing to contribute and work should be able to. To remove them will destroy the economy!
No it wont it will create in inflow of jobs.Hillary lost as Obama said elect hav consequences, these R the consequences,
My message to Dreamers: get in line!
And our healthcare!
Maybe if you cared about people you would have not voted against cheaper medication via canada. #Virtuesignalling
Why are you using religion for political means? Make a policy argument and defend it honestly.
How about representing American citizens before you help illegal aliens breaking our laws
protect ALL immigrants
And patients.
700 billion for military? are you for real?
