Sen. Cassidy to reporters at briefing this AM on his repeal plan: “We’re probably at 48 or 49, talking to a few more."
2. Imagine you're a trapeze artist protected by a safety net. Graham-Cassidy cuts the net into 50 pieces & distributes tatters to states.
3. The shreds get smaller and smaller each year. Millions upon millions lose coverage as urgently needed funds are pulled back.
4. That description may sound harsh. In fact, it's generous. Read the specifics. The crazy thing is, though–
JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
5. If we don't push back now, hard, relentlessly, we've got to believe that the GOP could actually pass this thing. Senate # is 202-224-3121
6. You might be wondering: How could this possibly pass? Here's how: McCain could flip. Some say he already has.
McConnell trying to build momentum for bill by telling reluctant Rs that McCain is on board. Govs will be key in stopping bill.
7. McCain voted against repeal last time b/c no hearings or regular process. That hasn't changed. But Graham is his best friend.
8. If McCain does break his commitments to demand proper procedure, there's still hope. Murkowski & Collins still strong. Then there's Rand.
9. Rand Paul says (just now!) that Graham-Cassidy doesn't go far enough. That's... better than supporting it.
I can't support a bill that keeps 90% of Obamacare in place. #GrahamCassidy is not repeal or replace, it is more Obamacare Lite
10. The problem is that, as we saw with the last repeal attempt, a theatrical Rand Paul "hard no" can quickly turn into a quiet "okay fine"
11. To re-kill this zombie before it kills us, we need to flip some Rs. Key targets: those who voted no in July. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/07/25/us/politics/senate-votes-repeal-obamacare.html?mcubz=1&_r=0 …
12. The "skinny repeal" that almost passed was like reverse Graham-Cassidy. Attacked indiv market, left Medicaid alone. G-C hits Medicaid.
13. Good news is, a lot of Rs voted against Medicaid-gutting ACA repeal bills. They're supporting G-C now. But we haven't risen up yet.
14. It's 9:26am. Plenty of time to call your Senators in DC at 202-224-3121... & then all of their in-state offices:
15. When you call in-state, ask for a time to come in and talk about this. Get a meeting and bring friends. Can't get meeting? Go & protest.
16. If we hold Rs off of public commitments to vote yes, CBO score could swing momentum our way. Need to dial up pressure NOW. Call & share.
16. Our job is to turn this into a false alarm. Per @TopherSpiro: non-zero threat is serious threat. Fight to win.
1: RE-FOCUSING ON THE THREAT OF REPEAL: Here’s where things stand. Bottom line: A non-zero threat is a serious threat.
17. I know you're exhausted by repeal fight. But here's the good news: there's a real deadline. After September 30, can't repeal w/50 votes.
18. Repeal push uses budget reconciliation rules. The budget in question expires at end of fiscal year 2017, on Sep 30. Thus GOP scramble.
19. Deadlines have a way of focusing the mind. This one's focusing the GOP. So it's got to focus us, too.
More in this thread re how to think about this moment:
1. Disagree w reporting on the Graham-Cassidy ACA repeal bill premised on "meh, GOP need 50 votes and they're still a vote or two short NBD"
You forgot: Graham-SC-Cassidy-LA 2 of most corrupt states LA is #50 & SC is #45. Block grants to states to use funds 4 whatever-more corrupt
I find the thought of Cassidy being able to sway anyone kind of funny. He looks like one of Gomer Pyle's bunkmates in that USMC series.
Any republican plan will be profitable for insurance companies, drug companies and too expensive for millions of citizens.

Wait:
Graham/Cassidy gives insurance companies the right to raise your premiums the minute you get sick?
If so, monstrous. https://twitter.com/topherspiro/status/909082137311285248 …
#graham-Cassidy forgoes the Kimmel test and has designed and presented us The Walking Dead test for #healthcare
It pits red states against blue states. Trumpcare Is making Vladimir smile.  It's #PutinCare!
@datagoodies @sarahkliff
Here's a list of Senators' phone #. Call everyone-not just yours or blue state GOP. PLEASE CALL/even if mailbox full-call another & another.
Here's a thread about what the Graham-Cassidy bill does and what the consequences are
The Republicans are again trying to pass a "healthcare" bill that hurts the American people! Call your Sen & tell them NO on Graham-Cassidy 
Oh heck oh heck!
Defeat it, strike hard and annihilate it!  Send it back to Hell and Duggary!

IT IS LITERALLY THE SAME EXACT SYSTEM WE HAD BEFORE THE ACA. HIGH RISK POOLS FOR PPL. WHO SOUGHT TREATMENT UNDER ACA. Treats sick like DACA
The @GOP #GCHJ is a #DeathPanelPlan.  #SaveLinda #FixObamacare
#CALLTOACTION People once again MUST call Reps & Sens to stop their evil plan. We cant let it slide 1 time If we do we will lose.

Godless GOP. The Devil's work is never done aye? Bow to your dark master while shafting the American people. You'll never escape this evil.
Graham-Cassidy will be voted out!
You all need to follow @LittleLobbyists , the parents of kids with complex medical conditions, who are scared to death right now
@GOP DO NOT PASS THIS BILL
I call it the Graham-Cassidy Abortion Act.
Cassidy is a snake.

They got the best health care money can buy why the f##k they care if you have any and they call their self Christiansbut they take frompoor
Text to 504-09. At least send a message to Resist bot if nothing else
If they want all out revolution they will get it with that look for it u Senate crooks
We need to defeat this. We need to let them know this isn't what America wants. Everyone deserves to get healthcare and have insurance.

WTF @LindseyGrahamSC ??  Call Your Senators!! Stop this Zombie Repeal #ACA
What happens to nursing home residents if they pull back on Medicaid?  I work with people who would not do well at home.  That’s why in NH.
Great question! I know a woman who has MS that  needs infusions wkly. She has already lost her coverage months ago due to Flake & McCain.
Argh! They are so greedy!
The ONLY solution to this insanity is to replace EVERY @GOP that we can in 2018 with a democrat.
@lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain @SenSusanCollins Please do not let this bill pass!  Americans cannot lose health coverage, that's cruel!
GOP gotta save that money by cutting Medicaid for the poor &vulnerable to pay for cutting corporate and wealthy people's taxes.Amoral.
The GOP is amoral.  They actively support a nazi and a fascist government.  They have to face some kind of retribution for this!!
yeah, this bill is NOT good.
There should be no way the #GrahamCassidy  Bill makes a floor vote! How can Congress cause more people to die sooner! (We all die sometime)
@sarahkliff Can they do it in 3 weeks? Repubs are just horrible! #ACA #Obamacare
Q: What will happen when states get to set enrollment criteria & benefit levels?
A: Just what happened to Medicaid.
Has anyone identified a sound policy reason to destroy Medicaid? No?
The GOP wants the $ from Medicaid, Medicare, & Social Security to pay for their TAX plan. Has been Ryan's DREAM FOR YRS. Transfer of wealth
@BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC @SenToddYoung @SenateGOP Cruel. Taking HC away while retain for selves at tax payer expense. #WarOnSick
When all else fails kill all the people.
It's not good for Americans. #voteNO
Liking the Dem plan...sell it hard
They'll all pass it out of spite for Drumpf working with the Dems.
They are greedy THUGS!
Oh God, NO!
I can only hope that the Trumpsters are the ones who scream the loudest where their Medicaid disappears!
Still don't understand the mentality of @GOP (who were elected to serve the people) who want to strip millions off healthcare. Cruel.
Killers
People in Texas and Florida will need the safety net of Medicaid now more than ever .
Wonder if Florida and Texas Senetors are 48 or 49
Tillerson gets his order from Putin. Putin has put Trump in the Time Out Corner.
The only possible defense is sweeping 2018/2020
African/Mexican/Muslim/Native American
Women Bernie Hillary LGBTQIA
United we are unbeatable
I don't want to hear another word from Graham. This is a travesty.
I thought they had bipartisan committees working on a health care bill

CO voters: Call Sen. Gardner at (202) 224-5941 and ask him to vote "No" on the cruel #GrahamCassidy bill!
@SenJohnMcCain If U change your NO vote 2 a yes vote U are a hypocrite! U said "let's go back to REGULAR ORDER"!!  Lindsey's BILL is not!
@SenatorCollins Please vote NO for this horrible new Healthcare Bill that Lindsey is suggesting! Standup for women! Thanks.
More inequality, please!More!
@lisamurkowski Please fight for women!!  Vote NO for this horrible Healthcare death Bill that is coming.
Why? Just to make trump happy? This is really the best they can do?
Lordy, It's so painfully obvious that Republicans hate America and that fact needs to be capitalized on.
So like, exactly where they were the first time it failed. Progress!
We'll be ready to fight on. Let go of my aca
Abolition Act or Demolition Act?
light rhe phones up
@SenJohnMcCain please stay strong &vote no on Graham health bill. A fellow cancer traveler. It will be bad for my health
It's kind of surreal to be facing this simultaneously with MedicareForAll -- it's very  "Cake or death?"
Sadly this is probably the only abortion funding that won't pass congress
ABSOLUTE INSANITY.
Trump signs law rolling back disclosure rule for energy and mining companies:
Stealing Iraq's oil:
The Staffers Handling Health Care for Your Senators https://www.indivisible-guide.com/resource/senate-health-care-staffers/ … via @IndivisibleTeam
This plan is the worst by far.
Do your damn jobs
Resist Resist Resist: Call all Congress people. Even the idiots.
I guess they figured they'd get away with thus while ppl are distracted with other crap. 2017 is a real  year. Can't wait for it to be over
Can anyone f'ing believe we're talking about yet another, MEANER ACA repeal bill, again??  Coming to a Congress near you.
@LindseyGrahamSC shame on you!!
Graham-Cassidy legislation to repeal the ACA is just as bad as what the GOP tried to do last time. Call your MOC's today at 202-224-3121
They better not!
Not about Americans caring for Americans
Awful. They are betraying the middle class.
I met @BillCassidy once at @yale . Chillingly banal man. Like #PaulRyan in twenty years.
@JoyAnnReid domestic terrorism!!!
Being raised by a single mother, showed me how selfish American men hoard this country's resources & leave women & children to go with out.
Yet they proclaim to be prolife! #Hypocrites!
Abolition isn't going to work, people need simple words..
Yes, use common, pithy words. End Medicaid. Kill, starve. destroy. When a Trump voter said she didn't know what misogyny means, I got it.
Nope  No  not gonna hapoen
This is really bad ppl.
@JoyAnnReid It seems like with every iteration it gets worse! Repubs are really outdoing themselves, out to kill more Americans.
Still after those tax cuts on the dead bodies of American citizens.
Where can we get a rundown of this bill?
Follow @ASlavitt and @KaiserFamFound.
Thank you! Will do.
You back the socialist party LMAO if you think the DEM party is dead your right the SOCIALIST idiots have taken it over good luck with that
Hideous is The dying ObamaCare!
I have a hard believing that the number is even that high.
I called McConnell's office. Told the girl to tell no on this bill. Taking money from Ky (expanded Medicaid) to give to states that didn't.
I called & McConnell's VM was full. Couldn't leave message. Left one 4 Paul, Collins, Murkowsky, etc. To take ACA from us is form of MURDER
Just called my Reps in DC and state office told them vote NO on Graham-Cassidy Medicaid  #FixTheACA
Stop this assault on the most vulnerable of our citizens. 
#sleazyTrumpadmin
Serious question: Shouldn't the fact Graham has no family make him a dubious decider of healthcare that will affect millions of families?
I'd argue many uninformed men shouldn't decide healthcare policy for women. In our system, men legislate "for all" on any subject they pick.
Thwy're still the ones that Hate America
Our most dangerous terrorists
. @SenCoryGardner office has nothing to say but "passing along the message" #CO 
Given Graham says they are at 47 to 48 and Rand says 46, I'm guessing Cassidy is fudging the vote to get McConnell to do a Procedural
Gotta take health insurance from millions sobthe wealthy can get huge tax cuts. How do you sleep?
Graham is one of the biggest pieces of shit in the world, not just politics. Anyone who thinks he is one of the good guys is a sucker.
Hateful people, aren't they, to want to destroy so many lives. Evil running amok.
Wha-at is this???  My daughter's clients, who are all mentally ill, depend on Medicaid!
This thing is bad.
what is wrong with these lunatics? if they ever managed to pass something like this it would just make their lives a living hell. insane.
That tweet right there. Dems need to reframe things better. Please Take over the DNC. Kthksbye
#resist
Everyone to the phones! This nightmare called the Graham-Cassidy healthcare bill is as bad as the last run at ACA! Tell your reps/sen. No!
(202)225-3121 Congress Switchboard
      OR
(202)224-3121
Senator's Offices
Thank you for the numbers.
This bill might actually be more noxious than the ones that were voted down weeks ago.
Graham has become venemous. He is a nasty snake.
@IndivisibleTeam #resistance Where is coordinated attack vs this? Sanders providing distraction wMedicare for All story.
It is infuriating that he couldn't wait until after 9/30 to introduce his plan.  It is just a distraction right now.
Deliberate.
Important health care thread! A must read!
It's called the purge...
We can't leave this on the back burner!  These are human LIFE'S at stake. PERIOD
Seems their strategy this time is to bribe Republican governors of states that didn't expand Medicaid with money from states that did.
New name: Sick & not wealthy? Die...soon...
Unfortunately, the only thing NC can count on from @SenatorBurr @SenThomTillis is to bury us in the burden of @GOP's greed!
1 Timothy 6:10 
True

Resist bot too.  504-09.
Shredding ACA NOW. Insurnce broker friend says can only inform clients abt Medicare/priv insurance; no longer can sign up those needing ACA.
I'm an agent, took the courses,  & I can't even find a link to sign up to sell on the exchange. It's insane.
One of my senators is @SenRonJohnson. I call and call and call. Any suggestions to make my messages more effective?
Show up to his offices.

