There is no alt right. White Supremacy's roots trace straight back to the Democratic Party. Classic deflection. Your Party owns this one.
The party names may have switched over time but it's still the same hateful small minded people
He is preparing them for war, on our own soil if he is impeached he knows if he sides with them they will fight for him when truth comes out
WHY is Sen Cory Booker SILENT on ISLAMIC LEGAL SLAVERY of Blacks Today in Sudan, Somalia, Qatar?
And what do we do?  This is terrifying being Jewish.  He's now given a huge platform for these hate groups .
Trump, with Jewish family members and the hero of Israel, and you think he's a threat to Jews? Are leftists highly suggestible to propaganda? You do realise that from July 2015 there's been a coordinated smear campaign against Trump, yes?
This is the central problem, agreed. But what are you doing to stop him before it's too late?
He needs to go away!  He's making everyone miserable!
He's making at least half the country very happy. Try not to appoint yourself the voice for an entire country; it's kind of arrogant, but typically left-wing, unfortunately.
If i Am correct about history, the demoturds started the kkk
True.  Still not voting for you.
BS
This liberal PC garbage has gone too far,like ISIS far. I propose that any black person named 'White' change their name then.Let's go for it
ASK SEN. CORY BOOKER: Why Were Confederate Monuments Fine for You during OBAMA 8 years? #LeftLIES #Hypocrites
Your racism is showing Cory, do you need a mask.
@POTUS HAS DENIED THIS GROUPS FOR 30years. SHAME ON YOU FOR GOING ON W/ Enemy Propaganda you DO NOT LOVE Our Country
It's also repeatedly showed more loyalty to Russia and then to America
Yeah, better to accuse them of an act of war by cyber attacking the US, like Hillary and the Dems did. Silly Trump trying to develop cordial trade relations with overseas partners; better to recreate the Cold War.
... seriously man you have degrees from Stanford and Yale, I know you know how to see both sides
He is not an ally, Donald is a RACIST WHITE SUPREMACIST. We need to say it. We are being dragged backwards.
Obama set race relations back over 50 years.
Please consider running against him.  We urgently need healthy intelligent voices speaking against him and his amorality that enables hate.
We love you Cory but be sure you let Trump know personally that his behavior for 7 months has been appalling and that he has no honor.
Would you please stop dealing with Trump's so called Racism and stop the accepted racism against native born blacks in Newark!
Not so!  If you would take time to listen you no make such a foolish remark!
no Cory, it's quite simple, he showed himself mentally incapable of holding the position yet you seem to ignore impeachment opt
you have shown yourself to be for the alt left that burn and loot stores that hard working Americans fought for.
https://twitter.com/jus1_kimberely/status/901154496163844096 …
Out of curiosity, how many jobs have you created in your life? How many people have you managed at one time?
Mr. Booker what can be done? We are losing our collective minds over this maniac.  Please help!  Signed, The West Coast (WA OR CA)
No what this actually shows that Cory Booker mr. senator has sold out to the highest bidder making him the enemy to the people that all righ
How's that Mr. Booger
Please do something. This is horrible.
Your party lost to that
Ur racist just for thinking that! Where in his past was he a racist Cory? Hmmm? Oh u can't answer that bc u won't find it.
Nope. He completely disavowed those guys. Are you insane?
Liar
And Dems hv shown imcreasing support for violent communist groups AntiFa & BLM.
This is true. And heartbreaking. 
Dems stand for nothing offended by everything
This is the alt-Left YOU support :
Yes, he's willfully dividing the nation, a neo-Nazi sympathizer, obstructionist using dictator tactics. Congress: work to impeach/25th amend
We lost Dick Gregory,& Jerry Lewis. Confederate monuments symbolize the humiliation,oppression, "they" are proud, I am proud of Dick&Jerry.
He never allied with those radicals groups.  He denounced them from Go!  Problem is you don't want to hear truth.  You want to malign. Hater
U confuse history preservationist w/racists.  Pres Trump stated not all on right belong to WS or Nazi groups, some protested erasing history
You do too. What have you done specifically to improve the lives of Black people in this country ?
#TrumpGo
And you align yourself with whom sir? the group that hates @realDonaldTrump? There is an Alt-left you know, take a good look around!
What a lier .
Cory
#25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump
You are a champion of Black Life's Matter! Taking money from socialist Soros.
Say it enough times.
the democrats are the white supremacist you are closer to be a http://socialist.You  supported Senator Bryd who was a grand dragon KKK
No he didn't. Remember, when you point a finger at someone, you're pointing 3 back at yourself.
You need a psychiatric evaluation along w/@NancyPelosi and @MaxineWaters He never said one word in support of them. Stop making up stories.
djt sez they were there 2 protest statue removal but they were chantng jews will not replace us. why didn't the obvious discrepancy hit djt?
Senator rober byrd, democrat, was a member of the klan
Being A Democrat is like asking me to enjoy a western ... I'm cheering for the Native Americans fyi.
IF you had common values YOU would NEVER be a Democrat. It's like saying it's okay to be a Nazi bc Hitler's dead.
Indictments and hearing? When are they scheduled?
Because  after Russian hoax scam, its all we got folks.
Wow! That's Big ole LIE! But UR showing Yourself To be on the ANTIFA/BLM ride! If u can't admit there's racism on BOTH SIDES-you're pathetic
No, but you did by using it for self promotion, knowing he is by no means a racist of any kind. Shameful MLK says Shame on you! #MAGA

No as Commander in Chief, something you'll never ever be, he proved to care about the Law, and who had a permit, and who did not! #MAGA
Just stop.
DO NOT LOSE FAITH! You do what needs to be done.
Trump's moving 4ward w/out regret for his remarks.#GOP Congress needs to move forward w/ impeachment.Dont look the other way #DoSomethingGOP
If the #GOP in #Congress insist on giving Trump chances after chances, the country will plunge into a free fall & it's on u #DoSomethingGOP
More lies from Cory, Obama lite wanna be
Get together with your colleagues and get him out of the White House.  NOW!
#HeatherHeyer
DOJ wants the IP addresses of 1.3 million visitors to a 45 protest website http://mashable.com/2017/08/14/search-warrant-trump-resistance-website/#clJe.R.dliOU … via @mashable
Why aren't you condemning BLM, Altleft, Antifa? Cause the shoe don't fit and you support them, that's why you piece of nothing
Keep telling yourself that until you finally convinced yourself that it's true.
What about "I condemn in the strongest possible terms" don't you understand @CoryBooker pure politics & new low by you & left
How do you come to that conclusion?  You would have to mentally challenged to say that!  You are a racist you know it and so do others.
BS
So, your Presidential campaign is going to be racebaiting, identity politics & Liberal ("if you like your doctor") lies?
What can we do about it?? Who is listening? Who is checking him?? Certainly not the GOP. Don't you all talk? Can't u unite v this shame?
I agree, well said Senator Booker.  Thank you!  Please run for President in 2020.
Please STOP calling them alt-right!
Please
You are sad.. You have no understanding of simple statements.. can you read, maybe that's the problem
You have the power to do something that's why we picked you to represent us. #ImpeachTrump
Now if may ask @CoryBooker, did you really follow the rally or is what the media was showing. The both side are to be blamed for everything.
Booker/Warren for 2020 or Warren/Booker for 2020 
Either way Trump wins
Please shut up and tell all the old guard like @NancyPelosi to do same..let @realDonaldTrump bury himself and the GOP no need for dems
Please stop saying Alt-right that is made up label yo cover Nazi or white supremacist. Call a pig a pig
That sir, is a bold faced lie!
And u should @ him for this. Call him out by name. Thanks for speaking out, but... @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #hepaysattention2twitter
Wrong
It's kind of like when Obama doesn't don't denounce the BLM when they killed police officers. Can u send me your text about that incident?
you're wrong he cares about the United States he cares about the people more than you do you don't do nothing for Jersey
Cory Booker, the leader of violent, anarchist, racist hate groups. The goofy, self absorbed dunderhead, capable only of dividing Americans
He's clearly supporting fascism in America!
The AP today announced it will no longer use "alt right." "It is meant as a euphemism to disguise racist aims..." Please, Sir, do the same.
Do tell Mr Booker, cause all I heard him do was call them repugnant, what word would he have to use to please your high and mightyness? 
So true!
You sound like a racist, uninterested in facts.
Mr. Booker, he needs to resign or be impeached.
Not defending alt-right at all but where did alt-left happen to get pepper sprays from...? (If didnt take to confrontation intending to use)
I don't think this is a surprise
He said there's blame on everyone. What if someone died at the Berkly fire. I don't like these gross neo Nazis or anything there about
#NOCURE4STUPID 
President Trump condemned all of the violence!
And this is why I was sick to my stomach on election night.  I prayed his campaign rhetoric was bluster & things would change.  #SAD
Not.
Is anyone on the Hill (other than you) listening? HELP!
You and your republican counterparts need to show unity !  #healAmerica
We must always take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor. @eliewieselfdn #MoralCourage
I'm with you.
PLEASE BE THE PRESIDENT

Stop the B.S. Trump was right. There was violencee coming from both sides. ALT LEFT had clubs, helmets, pepper spray looking for trouble
"More of an ally"? 45 HATES America and her people

BS.  Like you know.
WLM or BLM, both are racist hate groups that perpetuate identity politics  #unitythrudiscourse
Senator Booker, you state the obvious. But as one of our elected leaders, what do you intend to DO?
Trump showed  himself 2 tell the truth he called out white Supremacist aligned with the American people try it it might help
And what about BLM is everything they say and do OK by you?
I will listen to you if you present your argument HOW DID HE PROVE HES A WHITENATIONALIST??  
Concerned voting American.
NO TRUMP SAID VIOLENCE ON BOTH SIDES WILL NOT BE TOLERATED!
You guys will lose another election if you don't get it together THIS IS USA
A President who fails to unite our country against the forces of hate is not our President!
You sir are the bias racist person is what I see. Smh
How is this happening?
Then take them to war with u in Korea
Here are your peaceful protesters
You are a liar. He said that both sides are too blame. You are a typical politician that twists words to fit your narrative.
He always was.
It's ok his father would be proud of him. Trump name will be remember for Racism!!!!
I find your prevaricate statement genuinely discommoding where no consanguinity exists between the two. Sad.
So with this statement can we get some proof and also appreciate your continuing to divide by adding unnecessary comments keep ruining us
Really Cory you are the racist one true Americans know this already
So is @POTUS a Russian spy? Or Klan member? I think it's called projecting?
Sen. Robert Byrd, KKK leader. Clinton: "True American original, my friend & mentor". Obama: "True champion & voice of principle & reason".
Byrd, was in The kkk and, they named a highway after him, go figure Mr Booker,didn't Byrd have a D, after his name,
You are a liar, and you know it. Russia didn't work, so we're back on Nazi, white supremacist? Enjoy losing. This strategy got you here.
Shutup
Sorry Booker, but I don't share your value of ANTIFA assaulting ppl w/bats & bike locks, throwing piss & shit on ppl.
Leftist values are not common values!
That is the most ridiculous comment I've ever heard. You are only trying to divide and bait others to hate. Did you see the video footage?
It's not going to work Cory. You played the polls card, electoral college card, Mental illness card, Russia card, & now repeatin racist card
Mr Booker. I'm sorry. Didn't think that you were blind. On both eyes. May your healt improve. Greatly.
How many millions dead under Communism? Both Antifa and BLM are Communist umbrella groups. POTUS is correct. Both sides are evil.

At what point does his position become untenable??? No way he can continue to lead on this evidence. Hateful man.
Than being President.
I know you are trying but, Please help US! I am seriously fearful of what is going to happen next.
We need more from you #DEMANDTRUMPRESIGNATION
Blah blah blah
https://goo.gl/photos/WXrsaMesd915QiKS6 …

Stop lying about our fine President. Trump has ALWAYS denounced all racism & hate. You libs never give up your evil ways & your hatred.
An "ally?"  Maybe. But at some point don't you become one of the people you choose to surround yourself with?   Maybe this is who he is too.
Because this is the alt left
Both Sides: Here we see an old man beating-up Antifa's fist with his head.
No Alt Left here. 
#AltLeft #BothSides 
Do you support Antifa and BLM? For I didn't hear you say boo about Micah Johnson.
From the very start so I'm still shaking my head and always asking myself why
And you show yourself to be more of an Ally of the alt-left/black supremacists than our couture and our most cherished values.
This was the worst press conference of Trump’s presidency. The most offensive, the most unhinged, the most absurd.
He is not just an ally. He is one of them.
@realDonaldTrump doesn't understand or care that white supremacist aren't just pro-white but want black people, Jews, and others eradicated!
Trust me your words idle Booker.
People keep saying that 45 needs to talk about his agenda...he IS TALKING ABOUT HIS AGENDA...WTF...How does this end...
Please continue to speak up, inspire, and defend our nation from the blight in the White House.  Thank you for serving.  Booker 2020?
It dishonors the greatest generation who fought and died to defeat Nazis in WWII.  It's a sad day in America and for ALL AMERICANS
Any American who hasn't seen VICE just released film interviewing Alt-Right in Charlottesville must.
We KNEW....they KNOW, and chose to vote for him, ANYWAY.
that's just your racist take you fraud and crook.
He already showed himself to be more of an ally to Putin than America, so what's one more?
#25thAmendmentNow 
#ImpeachTrump
(He's a Nazi, Cory.)
His choices of his cabinet and staff have foreshadowed this recent speech.  He has been planning the whole escalation of overt racism.
...or any beliefs of others, but please try and use your education to see both sides of arguments
"we the people" refering to less than half the population
...can and cannot believe in, that would be classic interfere on 1AMD rights. I don't want to b disrespectful to you for your beliefs...
... whether the group he's defending are a bunch of inbred racist or  hugging hippies it's not up to you, me or anyone to say what you...
