Senator Booker needs to pick a side.
Hey! Faux Trumpet: He's got enough on the ball to replace the current occupant.
Booker is shallow,bends in the wind will not stand firm on principle.  Opps,sounds like a Clinton, wassweman Shulz,Lynch, Holder, Emmanual

- Cory Booker should not be a public official.
Blood is on YOUR HANDS!We will NOT accept innuendo and bullshit stories! Russia debunked.Nowu ruin 35yr served Sessions?!Who u think u r!?
At issue is not just perjury & obstruction of justice but the glaring incompetence he revealed in his testimony. He can't lead DOJ.
No he shouldn't.  He's sneaky and not too intelligent. He offered to resign and we're still waiting for that resignation.
Trumputin shouldn't be POTUS, what else is new Corey?
This is why I hate the media!  It makes uneducated people think Trump has some connection to Putin.
The media didn't do that Trump did that himself he said it.
See what I mean!
Be careful of making heroes that zeros humans have clay feet and they'll disappoint you.
By appeasing on MSNBC do you support their statements that ISIS should bomb Trump properties? You support mass violence and intolerance
Agreed he should not be attorney general. He is too rattled easily and can't remember a lot. His testimony under oath clearly has untruths.
Jeff sessions does not need to be Attorney General. That's the nation's top cop. He should be above presidential influence.
Comey was the one that went against DOJ regulations NOT Sessions. Maybe the asshats should have asked valid questions HEARSAY doesn't work
Will just agree to disagree. The truth always comes out. I'll be the first to say I was wrong after it filed over but as a trump supporter
Some hard truths. I'm no longer a republican I am an independent. If the investigation proves no wrongdoing I'll be the first to try wrong
And you should not be senator no respect
Mnogah hochish, mahlah poluchish...
Here's RACIST MUSLIM Cory Booker.
You need to stop this nonsense.  Now.  You are part of the problem and have blood on your hands.  Stop it and let the man lead..
Some Democrats should not be in office....
Anyone ever report on this guy's rap sheet?  He shouldn't be in govt, but hey he's a democrat so criminal past doesn't matter.
Did anybody really think he would do anything but lie under oath again? I just can't forget how obviously he was lying during confirmation!!
White House suggestion of dismissing special counsel has tainted process. Need for Congress to  appoint independent counsel to investigate!
And booker should not be in our White House
Well he is and your not
I agree @CoryBooker    That confederate monument needs to step down
Cory please run for #President That means 8yrs of #conservative rule I am a 1 item voter maybe 2 Hello #NeilGorsuch 1 maybe 2 by next summer
The Democrats are the party of corruption. Whenever they oppose President Trump, they oppose all of us. SHUT UP CORY BOOKER.
Guess i forgot this u liberal hack.  No, didn't forget, just don't care.  Sorry!
https://twitter.com/realJuniorPardo/status/874756230614593536 …
Accusing AG Sessions of lying is pathetic after lies by Obama, Holder, Lynch, Hillary,Podesta, Lerner-----oh I could go on
I couldn't agree more. Very good post and TRUE!
Why because he made the democrats looks like fools today? Or because he further burried your fake Russian conspiracy story?
Answer: Because he won't answer the questions...!  He could have put some closure on the matter.  All he did was raise more?s. Not D/R issue
I saw the proceedings, and he did answer the questions. What he did not do is play the liberals' games, and put them in their place.
I saw the proceedings as well. He most certainly did not answer.  You might want to watch again.
you should not be in congress.
I think you are so awesome I just love watching you on C-Span
Hilarious . 18 is going to be a further disaster for Libs.
Who are you to judge Jeff Sessions, DUMMY!!!!
Exactly! If he can't be involved with what many considered an act of war against our democracy because he is recused, he must resign!
Do you consider it (whatever that is) to be an act of war? Any facts to support? No rhetoric.
A cyber attack on our democracy is a modern act of war. Our defense dept agrees
Who then Loretta Lynch, a political corrupt person and clinton crony?  Booker is a joke if he belives have any legitamacy.  Sessions is good
You are an abomination 2 all the values this country founded on. We KNOW! All about Soros, Chalupa, Ukrain; BS Lynch Obstruction. Resign!
Hillary should be on trial for treason!
You should not be a reporter!
cory booker should just shut up and stop the hatred. people who have no life or intelligence are listening to him.
@FassihNazer amen to that. We do not need attorney  General who lies on every word.
Cory Booker should pay NJ residents back 24 million for his 1st special election
Go away
Him to shouldn't be in congress.
I agree Cory Booker. I have so much respect for your Insight, Clarity and Leadership!
@CoryBooker 
Then why in the hell did you let him get confirmed.
Stop spreading the hate #AlexandriaShooting #
Yeah. That means a lot coming from a left wing robot with no morals and no principles.
nothing but bigoted haters here.
You make NJ THE " Suprano State".
Excuse me, but wasn't he already approved?
A MEN! Let's get him out. Should not have been confirmed in the first place.
You want that job?
Because you said so??? You should maybe retire based on the same logic. You also fib!!!
people should have listened to your words when you questioned sessions in open hearing.  You have gained my trust :)
You are a RACIST!  You supported ag holder (impeached) & ag lynch (obstructionist) w ton of evidence against them @potus @TEN_GOP
You don't get to make that decision son.
AND YOU SHOULD NIT BE A SENATOR YOU ARE CORRUPT AND DISHONEST!!
This is a Thick Skull man
Booker should not be senator.  Did nothing for NJ
I agree
And @SenBookerOffice should not be a senator!
He should not be a lobbiest either he should be in jail with his lies and deciet
How about Hillary as AG? That give you fairness? lolol
Sessions is honorable...YOU DO NOT REPRESENT NJ...This is ALL ABOUT YOU..and NOT US in NJ!  SHAME ON YOU!...ELECTION will come again!
You were right.....
My president happy birthday PRESIDENT TRUMP!! We stand behind you!!!!
Go get him! @CoryBooker
Why Cory because he is smarter than you?
Why you voted Sessions in the 1st. Place#After this shooting Trump better realize he makes Americans Afraid,Again#This is just the beginning
Google newark watershed
We The People demand Cory Booker be removed from the Senate! #RedNationRising #Tcot #MAGA #WakeUpAmerica
Cory Booker shouldn't be in congress! Big mouth idiot that has done nothing for American people!
Shut up Corey, you are part of the problem.
Haha! Bring back the obstruction of justice queen Loretta Lynch.
And you Cory shouldn't be in public service.
Cory Booker shame on you attacking honorable man like Jeff Sessions.
Amen
Booker should "not" be a Senator!
@CoryBooker should be #REMOVED from the #Senate ,Seems the #Democrats are #Finished, Washed Up , NO #MESSAGE but #HATE ,#Divide,#Obstruction
But he is. So shut up & get something done & quit spreading hate & violence. You are there to work for Americans. Not get your way
Amen to that.  Was there ever a person less fit - I think not.
Cory Booker actually said that? Things that make you go hmmmmmm!
#CoryBooker how are you going to change it? Plan, prepare and perform. Where is the base? Rally troops. #moreworklesstalk #RallyTogether
Cory will say anything to get attention and keep HIMSELF in the news headlines and tweets. It's a big political game of power!!!!!!!
Obama had his political hacks as AG twice.  Trump is still one behind.
Why don't you just shut up?
Booker stop the nonsense  all that drama enough 
Time for Congress start working and stop wasting our tax money we work hard 4  @CoryBooker
Stick to Russia BS , your fake news is great reading
I suppose lynch would be your choice.
Corry you shouldn't be such an un apologetic shill for Pharma !!
Real Dems are going to support progressives & you missed the boat !!!
@CoryBooker hey booker, how was big Pharma treating you lately
You would not know a honest man, if he walked up and shook your hand corey
love to know if u recall every single conversation that u have had in the last several years in detail??Sessions wrote a letter part of job
NAVYUCLA: Booker "should not be Senator from New Jersey" See, I can say completely stupid shit too...
@Morning_Joe @Lawrence @CNNPolitics ...or was it Trump tweets about Comey being a snitch?
@CoryBooker You should resign from Congress You are a liar and a fraud & an embarrassment to this country You fit on @MSNBC
@Morning_Joe @Lawrence @CNNPolitics  If the head of U.S. Justice can't remember things happened within  last 2 years should resign.
All the racist, come out of the woodwork
Caught in FAKE NEWS again!
Such BIASED news.... no republican in their right mind would ever watch this CRAP NETWORK!
MSNBS should be ashamed for what they call coverage!  Look at each story, what do you see? HATE, HATE and more HATE.  It's all DEMS.
YAWNNNN!!!!!!    SMH!
@SenatorBurr & @SenJohnMcCain helped Sessions to get away with lies, devious waffle & prevarications. Alarming!  #StopInterruptingSenHarris!
What happen to your good vs evil. You are not being nice or productive with your tweets.
I so agree.
Then you should have been livid when the previous AG refused to answer 78X.  Partisan much?  Your bias is showing.
Agreed.  @realDonaldTrump and his associates are immoral liars and traitors.  They must be brought to justice #GOPDestroyingAmerica
Just cannot stop laughing at u. Eric Holder Murders Agent Terry, Runs guns illegally, Lynch subverted democracy in Clinton Inv. Not a word
Still no proof. Stop the ridiculous witch hunt and focus on something productive.
Doesnt he have the qualifications? He fits ours Of dubious character The Bondy.defence wOnt OOOPS cant recall. Ashamed to show his notes
Funny how your outlet thinks you can make a bias statement like that
Google "Booker + T-Bone". @CoryBooker made up a person to tell a story. How this liar and clown is US Senator is a joke. Really New Jersey?
Correct. The AG should uphold the law not obstruct it! #dumptrump
Why ?  Cause you snowflakes can't find any evidence on anyone ?      There is none !!!!!
You could apply that formulation to the entire Executive branch: "[Name] should not be [position]."
We got the point five months ago. Face it he's the AG, just move on!
You should be removed and next election  probably will be.
Ya think??!! Took you this long to figure this one out...
And what are you going to do about it??????
I agree!  A typical POTUS choice...not smart and clearly wants to stay in Trumps' good graces or he would have quit.
I agree. 
Yesterday was quite a performance by #StonewallingSessions 
He should resign.

#ImpeachTrump
Keep up the good fight Sen. Booker. America needs you now more than ever.
#MakeAmericaFreeAgain
And donald should not be in the Oval Office.
Will you PLEASE run in 2020?
So he did the same thing you all do when asked a question.  You dance all around it and never answer. Hypocrisy
AG Sessions is the most honest, honorable politician we have. Thank god the despicable, lying, Loretta Lynch is no longer in our Government
I wouldn't want him to defend me on a parking violation.
WOW! His hypocrisy is unbelievable. Cory Booker is the rising star of the Dimm Party. HA. They are dead.
Did 2-faced Cory Booker check with Jared Kushner for clearance to speak. Booker is in Kushner-Trump pocket
Cory Booker should resign. He is a liar and his actions are undermining our democracy.
The DERELICTION was when COMEY was NOT fired back in JULY...it was the PRIOR administration that was Derelict.
You should not be a Senator! NJ folks didn't elect you to enact zero legislation! Opposing the President isn't a full time senate job!
You should hear some of the stories going around Newark about Mr Booker. What a Phoney
@CoryBooker So you think Sessions is a Russian spy. Was this a 30 year plan to get a guy from Alabama to do Putins bidding. Your sad
Why in the world would this down home southerner  decide after working in government for 35 years to collude with Russia to elect DJT...
Neither "should you". Ever.
Cory Booker should not be a Senator! What's wrong with him?

I think yesterday cleared that up, he is going to make a great AG
Who is Cory Booker? 
Another liberal playing politics since there is no evidence unlike the last 2 liberal ag's!
He is a great attorney general. You do nit get to choose. You are an enemy of democracy & this country.
What has Cory booker ever done?  I live in NJ and he's nothing but a blowhard.
he never did Sh#t!
Hard to take seriously wen u were silent on holder contempt & lynch ordering Comey to stand down
You should not be a senator
I'll take it a step further and say Trump shouldn't be president.
Swamp monster 
That statement ranks with trump should not be president. #1 & 1A.
Everybody knows you are planning on running in 2020
And that's why Trump will win again. I HOPE @RepAdamSchiff will be his running mate or vice versa #Add2MoreLoserstoList of Democrats
After listening to Cory Booker speak, the only advice I can offer him is to stop consuming lead paint
When is the Senate going to Censure Crass Senator Gilibrand for saying FU to Our President Trump???
Blah blah blah... nothing on Lynch being outed?! #justamatter
NO you resign, stop wasting tax payer's money, find something productive to do, Sessions kicked ass and took names yesterday, you mad.
He couldn't "recall" anything & became very defensive when asked tough questions. How is that successful? He is not fit to be AG.
Let play their game.  Someone form the DNC needs to meet with Putin and ask him to hack and meddle with the GOP in future elections
Sessions shut down the panel, can't wait to hear the new fabricated demos stories/lies
How stupid
and Booker needs to understand that he should not run for President
Honk honk ... you're a political lightweight!!
Yes! Thank you for speaking out!
Dogs bark also. I understand what a dog wants when it barks. But this guy he's a weasel. Nothing inventive or any advice on problem solving.
And #corybooker should not be a senator! He's a corporatist, weak, spineless, loser!
Oh stop it. You would object to anyone that Trump appointed. You & ur dem buddies just want to block this admin. A little get even with..
Sessions is smarter then all Democrats trying to take him down. Cory Booker does not want someone smarter then him in office.
And you should be thrown out of office on your ass
Sick of hearing from you. Worry about getting re-elected. Your sneaky.
Too short???
Ur a poor mans Obama. Shaddup nobody cares
Cory Booker, sessions has served his country better in a minute than u will do ur entire life. Ur a fool, a skid, a baffoon
Sessions has proven himself that he is extremely politically on the right and not independent as he should be &a the whole DOJ
Then do something!! You can change this!!
Agreed.  That sneaky little weasel.  It's all over his face!!!
Holder and Lynch were the most corrupt in history   But because they are black that's ok for the racist Booker
last we looked, dem don't pick the ag. they lost election and rep pick. He has no proof for anything aganist session, only speculation
Obvious why Sessions refused 2 answer, it would incriminate both he & Dirty Donald 4 scheming 2 rid Comey over Russia invest!
Give us a break with your self righteous BS. Bet you were in full support of Obama AG's.
@_Hope2017 can't say Cory Booker the con is any better!
him again
And Cory Booker should not hold an elected office
booker shouldn't be in any public office!
And #trump should not be POTUS ! And the Senate should not work on healthcare in a closed secretive way.... but this is our reality HELP!
MSNBC should not be considered the media
You should not be a senator!
Tomorrow he'll change his tune #Complicit #Hypocrite
