BREAKING: At least *19 Jewish community centers & day schools in 11 states received bomb threats today: AL DE FL IN MD MI NJ NC NY PA & VA.
How much are u gettig paid 2 sell off the US? U R a traitor 2 ALL MLK stood for..vouching 4 Islam ideology that MLK condemned.
MLK fought oppression, fought for equal rights...your boys at Muslim Brotherhood are deceiving everyone just 2 make US Islam
To Martin Luther King, the Bible wasn’t some strange old book that didn’t have relevance.. It was God’s word...
You mean like that you and your colleagues have been spewing for months?
simply put, the President can "say" he condemns these acts of hatred, but his actions against religious freedom condone it.
I it's all Bannon and his version of KKK. O don't think #45 would hurt hurt his daughter this way. She's Jewish.
love for daughter ends st her. Not community of religion she's apart of
@PeterAlexander Amen! Len Swidler
hate crime want to be stop...
YUP the hatred that Muslim Obama left us with:pure outright HATE..people behaving as savages becuz they get paid by Dems 2 riot
Then when it stops being a trendy topic, fake activists stop pretending to care. Not as fun to snowflakes as making Trump jokes.
You have to find who is behind this and stop them as well
Somebody needs to knock on that cockroach Richard Spencer's door.
@PeterAlexander it's hard when the "President" @realDonaldTrump, better known as 45, is the very one who incites the violence.
Thanks for sharing; SAD
Thank you Cory! Can't help noticing that POTUS once again did not.
At least some of you are speaking out, but until this gets squashed from the top the hate groups think this is what POTUS wants.
starts from you . You are putting us against each other .
 Love One Another!
It won't stop with 45 or President Bannon.
starts with you.
this is despicable!
You are so right, the hate must stop, the president needs to speak out
Progressive racism Bannon platform admiring these acts as needed! He's Trump puppet master 3rd person character!
Muslims and Jews repairing together: yes!  Attached to Soviet-style political theater and Hamas?  No!
#your too little too late
trump !!!!!! Do your freaking job and speak out against hate!!!! Instead of worrying about SNL etc
'attempt to intimidate' << isn't that a definition of TERRORISM?? I think it is.
, read the heading properly.
agreed but where is the condemnation of the shooting deaths of the two Indian gentlemen in Kansas?
we never hear it. The Charleston shooting last year saw an elected official murdered on home soil & no outrage
: Cory, we finally have a point of agreement. Thanks for posting
where is el presidente in this?  His daughter is Jewish for gosh sakes!
I agree and I condemn these bomb threats.
@christinacooks 
where is the president in condemning this or attempting to stop this? Obviously, nowhere to be found...
THANK YOU
This is not only the type of hatred Trump brings out, but also the type he fails to seriously address!
Been following you since the article in Esquire years ago. From one Jrzy boy to another keep the train rolling and thank you.
the kkk is emboldened.  Maybe the attorney general should... oh, never mind, he is one of them....
Donald Trump make America great again IMPEACHMENT NOW.
Thank you Senator Booker
our so-called President needs to call an end to this hatred, but unfortunately he enjoys it.
@sandia1134 and silence from President AssHat
and RI
Silence by Trump & GOP breeds approval of their hateful racist actions.
@arampell @PeterAlexander 20. ADL office in SF
WTH is happening to us?
I just don’t understand how any president would not address this and condemn it. By not doing that, he makes this ok.
thank you for speaking up against hate!
talk to #realDonaldTrump the culprits are his ardent supporters!
How Sen Booker.?  Action speaks louder   Unless the community acts on the same page, nothing will happen.
@DaShanneStokes but by you we can't question Israel, asks this old Jew
zThe @NSAGov @NSAGOvneeds to backtrack those phone calls.
@PeterAlexander thank you for speaking out against hatred.  Now let's DO something
Unfortunately, the current administration continues to be silent as the right wing spews this type of vile hate!
@realDonaldTrump needs to stop spewing his hateful rhetoric before incidents like this will stop.
Agreed! We will stand together to protect any victims of the xenophobic hatred unleashed by this administration
these should be investigated as hate crimes and determine if they are independent acts or coordinated efforts.
where's T Ivanka and Jared ? Traitors
It is straight up terrorism of children. I don't want condemnation, I want arrests.  Who is investigating???
My JCC in Cherry Hill, NJ and my former high school in MD were targeted today. I hope we will see a swift and strong response.
how long does it take to see statistics on things like this? I'm interested in data about rise in hate crimes since 2015
yeah Corey, so why do the dems keep egging it on!
start with yourself and your party
thank you for your support
La Jolla, CA also.
it's crazy... I guess it just a coincidence that these hate group are coming out the closet... Bannon???
Please look to 2020 to help all of us. Please!
@PeterAlexander is finding the source impossible?  Maybe we should look in the whitehouse..... Bannon's office?
we will stand together and fight this hatred.  This will only strengthen our resolve.
Cory, Cory, Cory! 
How about standing up&
Condemning Obama/Hillary's Corp,Hollywood& 
Violent followers,
&lady#Dem s inCongress
@realDonaldTrump  Heartbreaking. Why the continued silence from POTUS?
it's what happens when your party imports hundred of thousands of immigrants who are hell met on destroying them & their culture
It was probably your Hamas friends.
Time for you to give Trump a jingle like the rest of us we've had it
As long as we have white supremacists in the WH there will be more acts of violence and bigotry
thank you!!!
heartbreaking that we have come to this. We are better than this. We must rise above prejudice and violence.
@aramiscat Getting rid of Bannon would help!!!
Yes, he should not b there in the 1st place but either should dt, but that wld take rest of the yr & then some
This is absolutely wrong on all levels, the hatred is unacceptable.
Watch: They will all be from White Radical Fundamental Christian Supremacists
you showed how you feel about Jews by supporting the #IranDeal
us consistent on social justice, issues if hate and inequality 
https://www.google.com/amp/blog.seattlepi.com/seattlepolitics/2015/08/14/sen-booker-on-black-lives-matter-their-tactics-have-forced-them-into-the-discussion/amp/ …
i'm a Democratic that voted for Trump, I want to see my party work with the president to reform the ACA
appalling any word from do-called prez @realDonaldTrump?? Hmmm thought not
wondering if there is a news channel covering this?  Sounds serious
Your hatred, you are a failure to the people
this conduct must stop. now
@SophiaBush Bannon and Co. are trying to divide us little by little. We won't stand for it. Bannon must go.
all on the same day leads one to think this was a coordinated phone terrorist event. Hope the FBI is on it.
I'm heart sick over all of this hate. #makeitstop
disgusting! He unleashed so much hell on Earth. Oh wait , but it was such a huge margin in the EC count that he doesn't care!
what on earth is happening??!
we MUST not tolerate this hatred. It's 2017. We must act accordingly.
@realDonaldTrump  and your facist comrades are to blame. Not Muslims or Mexicans. White American Terrorists!
Heartbreaking.
@jimtom455 can u tell me where the supposed potus condemnation is. I am so sick of this FAKE PRESIDENT I can't take it anymore
@nobendgardener who is investigating? Who will prosecute?
Why is the WH not taking any action on this?
We need to find a way to send domestic terrorists back to their homeland, although Germany's ok now, so maybe Antarctica?
bet they are from Trump supporters. Look how he is ruining our country #Impeach
thank you!
we need to talk about the REAL terrorist threat in America... hard core right wing-nuts
@PeterAlexander Why don't you do something about it instead of just talking. Tweeting is not going to solve this. Get to work.
they just vandalized a bunch of Jewish headstones in a Philadelphia cemetery. what the hell is going on?!
telll that to the dems.
The trump effect gets worse. GOP now enemy of people if they refuse to even do much as investigate Russia ties.
Horrifying! Can they not find and prosecute these people?
they will only do something when it affects them. Anyone else doesn't matter
Yes! It cannot be tolerated or ignored. The silence from some is deafening! @Action2getherNJ @standcnj
where is the president? He started this, he'd better stop this.
these are CHILDREN we're talking about in these buildings.  How very shameful each and every day has been as of late.
Thank you for standing up for me and mine. I will continue to do the same for you and yours. You and they are also me and mine.
No. We need to catch the POS that are calling them in and desecrating cemeteries.
also a court house in NM was evacuated for a bomb threat.
@PeterAlexander Omg. Horrible news.  Its trump,  bannon,  and people like them who are inciting this violence.
@johnpavlovitz @PeterAlexander And what exactly is the admin/FBI doing to investigate these crimes?
we must continue to point out that #ThisIsNotNormal. The brand of white nationalism in this administration is not normal.
This happening after Trump's election, it is not a coincidence. #AltRight #AltReich has been empowered by Trump himself.
The entire Republican party is responsible. Because if they allow this to continue, they are just as guilty.
In Connecticut today as well.
dear Senator Cory!! You are so compassionate paired with humane.
this is madness !
@PeterAlexander We must convince more conservative politicians to speak up and encourage peace and understanding #unity
we The Real American People are Fed up with u DemoCRAPS n we know what u r.Evil.Demonic.LOSERS..lie..fight Start riots.blablabla
This is so sad, all the energy used on this bigoted, useless hate from these sick, sad, scared people.
oh no! Where will we end up?!
WH silent. reprehensible. Thx as always for speaking out
Trumpsters
comdemn or do something about it? Catch who did it.
- trump's america. No resemblance to America.
this is so frightening . murder in KS by white terrorist. Trump is so busy taking rights away. Where is his outrage about this!?
Time to cut our losses and end this disaster #RemoveTrump #LoveTrumpsHate #MakeAmericaSmartAgain
@johnpavlovitz New Orleans had one last week!
@IDontGiveATrump It's hard when the president is a hateful racist bigot. Trump makes others like him comfortable with hate.
This is terrorism pure and simple!  Please press the "President" to address this issue!
Trump clueless that his rhetoric unleashed these anti-semitic dogs. (I hope he's clueless?)
Wink! Wink! It's horrible that these people filled with hate see this administration as saying, nevermind what I say in public
What has been the WH response??
who left our men in Benghazi to die..whose email server was in her basement..who was taking favors from our enemies for  money
thanks to the trump foundation retoric
@PeterAlexander When you have a so-called pres who does precious little to denounce it, what do you expect??
thank you for speaking on this. What can be done? @USRepRodney
Blame Scum Obmmer..hes the 1 inciting riots with  leftist thugs...whos the one giving billions to our enemies.n Urinum to Russia
@IowaGOP is this normal? Acceptable?
rhetoric of @realDonaldTrump #SteveBannon needs 2 change A throw away denouncing of Alt-right does not change actions @iamfonda
Rhode Island also.
Trump and his administration have signaled that bigotry and acts of discrimination are the new version of "politically correct."
why is there so much hate towards Jews? I thought it was Muslims that were the target?
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity  It Is What We get When we Open Our Borders to Illegal Immigrants,Especially Muslim Terrorists BAD
tell that to black lives mattet
it's sad that this is what's happening thanks to Trump
welcome to trumpland
oy vey
yes really
The Orange Male in the Oval Office IS Responsible for the Increased "Hate Crimes", occurring in this Country!!! 
Wonder how Netanyahu accounts for Trump's silence? Proves he doesn't care about Jews either, but for chosen few who are family.
@PeterAlexander @DemocracyValues WHERE IS POTUS WHEN WAR IS BEING WAGED AGAINST AMERICANS?
you mean when Democrats are waging war against Americans, Democrats failed veterans
Well, egg, new account with few followers, and anti-dem talking points, welcome!
They are only dead since voted to against giving them access to affordable healthcare.
we must Fight Back!
@paulvigna tell the @HillaryClinton cartel to stop doing this.
@PeterAlexander Welcome to DJT's racist America! Has he said a word to condemn?
#DEMOCRATSOBSOLETE
#DEMSIRRELEVANT  
#BOOKERDEMSHOOKER 
#DEMOCRATSFINISHED
thank you.
Good luck with getting Trump on board
We agree, and we do, Senator.
AG Sessions must get FBI to investigate and find culprits.
this terrible! I blame it all on Trump! This is what he caused because of his BAN!! AND YES HE SAID BAN!
Especially if it's the left creating phony hate crimes, which is too often the case.
@SenBookerOffice when dose the Democratic Party scream out like republican do when something needs INVESTIGATION ?#doyourjob
agree
@PeterAlexander Here in WI too...  
Our fearful leader and his idiot cronies are probably cheering.
This hatefulness breaks my  & makes me  simultaneously! @realDonaldTrump your silence on this is deafening! Shame on you!
Senator on this we can agree/ rise of #Antisemitism around the world and #USA is mind-boggling #NeverForget
so sad, hate breeds hate. Trump stands for hate and I can see it breeding in USA
thank you.

Just watched Street Fight. Mad respect. Keep it up.
I think RI had one as well. Madness
*Except when they're Democrat hoax artists sowing a narrative, or new Muslim citizens we're hoping to pander to and ensnare.
what will be done about this?  Not the first time it happened in nj.  It's beyond ridiculous that it keeps happening.
#domesticterrorism #TrumpsArmy
Louisiana also
#AdiosIn18
Yes! this is not normal. This is not America! How can the GOP sit silent?!
I always knew they were cold & greedy but didn't know they were cruel & sick.
