#realleaders
@RuPaul 
#MYMARYLINLOOK
#REASON
#LIFE
#DRAGRACE
Jesus Christ this is lame
Thank you for fighting for lives
Oh - the guy who shot down affordable prescription drugs and the guy who said he met Bill & Hillary Clinton at the Civil Rights Marches
3..subsidizing the rich - by buying the overpriced sh&t they're selling. including HEALTHCARE!!! I want healthcare & I want it NOW. #NOMORE
2. repubs say they don't want 2 pay taxes (spend their $$) 2 subsidize the poor. I feel the same way. I don't want to spend all my $$
1. this is going to happen! no more going broke just2 live, no more spending all my money to enrich corporations, NO MORE!!!
Booker is a fraud - in the pocket if wall st/big pharma, propose some single payer policy or atleast don't vote against cheaper drugs *smh*
what a wonderful photo! that's pulitzer prize-winning material, particularly given the content of the conversation!!
Thanks for having made and shred a little History!
Amazing what a powerful photo can do. This is so historic and iconic.
"Hero?" The same racist who wouldn't attend Trump's inauguration? he has become a gutless, partisan coward who rationalizes his own bigotry
*FAP*
Represent your constituents & not yourself.  Think of the well being of the hard working middle class not those who rely on entitlements
Gives me good kind of chills  @repjohnlewis-a living HERO.  May we always find ourselves on his side: the right side of history, justice 
This is not the end of this fight.  Keep the movement going..
this story made my night better!  thank you for your leadership  
Posed pics are magical?  Get a grip.
it's just like the song: I'm just a bill, on capitol hill
Too Bad @CoreyBooker is a Sell Out to Pharmaceutical Companies. I am soo sure he will be on the front lines fighting for Medicare-4-All Haha
God, that's beautiful 
This was beautiful... really... Inspirational. You helped so many people keep positive with this. We support you all!! #Resist #Impeach45
True leadership!  I love your willingness to listen and speak for the majority of Americans
What a fantastic picture
Great photo op with great people. You represent the true American spirit. Thanks for fighting for us.
Just magical!!!
What have you done for African Americans lately.
Cory Booker and John Lewis, you two are Rock Stars!!
Thank you to these great men & those who joined later showing what leadership & democracy are meant to look like. We all need to be engaged!
This was inspiring. Thank you for starting the dialogue. I hope with all my being that the right people will listen.
What a joke.  Another staged vignette from Corey Booker and his boot-licking lackeys at AmazonFakeNews.
Thank you Ben for making me feel a part of that amazing gathering, it must have been joyous, really. So happy by the end.Will keep fighting
I tip my hat to each of you gentlemen. THANK YOU for fighting for our lives! As a Mom w/ severe #disabilities this means everything! *hugs*
Yeah, UNFORTUNATELY they supported the WRONG candidate last time around.Do I HEAR CORPORATE?
Yes, John Lewis is a civil rights hero, but you say it as if he can never be wrong on policy as a Congressman. Just stop.
Uh huh. Totally organic. Cameras and people totally not there as a staged propaganda piece.
Lewis hasn't been a civil rights hero in decades  and Booker just takes orders from the DNC like a good little drone
What the everlovin', man.
What is this, "Between Two Columns"?

Stoppit, man, yer killin's us here.
You should turn this into a Moment on Twitter
Something genuine this way comes.
Whose photo is this? How to order a legit print? #Love this.
Are we sure Corey wasn't talking about how much money he got from Pharma companies before he votes no on Rx importation?
Wonders od wonders.
Lewis going to make up another story of people saying the n-word?
Read the whole thread and am crying. Thank you, thank ALL of you there!
Coordinated and planned propaganda LMAO!

Was his imaginary friend #TBone there too?
Must have been an inspiring event. Imagine Congressional leaders acting like real people concerned Americans I wish I was there
I have never met Sen. Booker but have had the privilege of meeting Congressman Lewis 4 times - he is my real life superhero
@ShaunKing @CoryBooker @repjohnlewis A wonderful thing to wake up to. So much is scary and disheartening, this is powerfully good
@ShaunKing Putting down that astroturf for the aristoDems.Ws @CoryBooker actually handing out pharma smpls,or did the boss give him the day?
