As a Republican, this is the only issue I agree with Democrats on.
The only? Maybe an eencie weencie exaggeration..... we all have way more in common than all our partisan rhetoric 
I can't think of any. Because the Left wants government to help with everything. I only want the government to do like 8 things.
What are the eight things?
Military, infrastructure, police, fire, national parks, limited EPA, limited regulatory agencies for consumer protections, DHS, CIA, FBI.
Then you believe the gov shouldn't be all up in people's reproductive business or sexual preference? That's a thing Repubs usually want.
Don't get me wrong. Your list is pretty solid. I don't get why the GOP sticks their nose in bedrooms, when they're for "less government"
Democrats want you to use the bathroom of your choice. When a 6'5" hairy dude goes in your locker room at the gym.. that's Democrats
I agree but who are you going to let grow MJ? Are you giving this to large businesses or the people?
How do you plan to get this by the batshit crazy Keebler elf @jeffsessions?
.He doesn't have a say. #Congress passes the laws. @AGJeffBSessions has to implement them. Only #PresidentJackass can veto (unless 2/3 pass)
Sessions is the figurehead of all that is corrupt regarding drug policy in this country.
There is a lot wiggle room in enforcement of our ridiculous drug policies. Sessions always wiggles the same way...
.Well, the #Dems tried 2 not confirm him 4the 2nd time in his life, but the #GOP #persisted. He should be removed from office, not B4 #Trump
We're under a Russian coup. Either they all go, or we're still under it.
.I couldn't agree more.Maybe @AGSchneiderman can find a way2 include all of them. I'm including #GOP leadership in "all", they're complicit2
I do believe a fair number of GOP leadership are legally complicit in treason, so yeah. First gotta get coup out, so minimize pardons.
Legalized marijuana is fine, but punishment for unlicensed growers & dealers should be more severe.
It shouldn't. It should be the same punishment as there are for bootlegging. Plus, legalization will eliminate the black market for weed.
It won't. There is still a black market for alcohol even all these years after prohibition ended.
Surely it's not robust at all.
It is underreported. There are more deadly substances getting the attention.
You're comparing weed - which has never killed ANYBODY - to alcohol, which is far more dangerous. Freedom is for everybody.
You actually can't prove that weed "never killed ANYBODY."
Prove it has killed a person. I'll wait here.
Alcohol was illegal during prohibition, ppl still drank alcohol but the mafia enjoyed the profits. If you legalize MJ, it ends drug dealers
Boom.  Well said.  #POTHEALS #HEMPISINN #TAXPOTNOW #PEACECORE

Great shirt

Absolutely, such a waste of money and resources keeping it illegal. Most dangerous part is it's illegality. Be honest.
You know this is a sin?!
Cannabis is not a sin.  Any medicinal use is encouraged, not merely permitted.  It is vis a vis wine for social use.
Fun fact about the CSA: it classifies substances on a substance by substance basis. Cannabis is therefore considered roughly....
Roughly 300+ substances in one. The only way I could possibly be reclassified or de-scheduled is through an act of congress, @potus or AG...
We don't need more research, 1000 years of research and they MIGHT consider re-scheduling to Schedule 2. The system is fucked...
An act of congress is the ONLY way this will happen. End the racist corruption brought on by prohibition and #legalizeit
#BookerHarris2020
Yes!!!!!!!
Well, duh.
Unfortunately,
Morons Are Governing America.
Thanks again, Trump Chumps!
#SaveOurChildren #Legalize #Regulate #ALLDrugs The more addictive the substance the MORE it needs to be #LEGALIZED  @AlisonMyrden @AskGoo
What's the status of your #marijuana bill? #MarijuanaJustice
weed is not a gateway drug but weed laced w opioids is. This is how the dealers are getting kids hooked.  Please talk about it!
This why weed needs to be legalized so it regulated and less luckily to be laced
Legalizing marijuana may have certain advantages. However, it won't equate to automatic minority votes come election. Just so you know.
Agree, my only concern is DWI, need a valid test, that will stand up in court
What we need instead is a war on addiction and its causes.
laws have to be implement in a way that doesn't encourage public marijuana smoking, just as we reduced tobacco smoke in public,
That already case and it make it harder for medical cannabis users. We should be able to smoke publicly like cigarette smokers can
Yes! I know people who suffer from seizures & cancer and I see this as an amazing thing! You are right!!!!
.Many young children have benefitted from oil to really reduce their seizures and yet there are still states that outlaw medical marijuana
It absolutely should be used medically.... but that's it, like any other prescription drug.
My ex has used marijuana for so many years, but he quit smoking cigarettes. He was diagnosed with cancer of esophagus last year.No signs now
congrats on what sounds like BEATING CANCER!! Im smoke free now for barely a year... no small accomplishment there either. Congrats!!
DECRIMINALIZE this FOOD. 
DECRIMINALIZE what should have NEVER been criminalized.
That is the stupidest thing I've ever heard that's just going to cause more problems like Rap numbers increase and more people will OD
Allow Veterans Equal Access to Medical Marijuana @SecShulkin @POTUS @jeffsessions @US_FDA @DEAHQ  #NORML #VETERANS #Marijuana #CBD #MAGA
I wonder who's making money on NOT LEGALIZING. Remember prohibition? You can have a gun but not a joint!
Prohibition is unconstitutional n is deep rooted in racism.which makes it equal to slavery.end prohibition now..nature belongs to all humans
Hit me up on DM and I'll tell you a freaky story and connection to Anslinger.   #POTHEALS
Yes sir!!!
I think you mean lose the war in drugs. NJ has got to vote this clown out.
Ron, what in your experience is the worst thing anyone has done while using marijuana? Now think about the  for the people in prison for 
Went to the polls and voted for @CoryBooker
Oh your rhetoric  except seriously - my bet is that you blindly believe "war on drugs = good" without any real thought involved.
You make me wanna to move to Jersey!
The war on drugs is a huge budget drain. Though not a user, legalize pot so we can more easily regulate consumption and help abusers
I don't think so... sy
Tax and regulate! #addtoBill
.@SenAlexander @SenBobCorker are convinced wasteful  #marijuana arrests are good for #Tennessee. The TN majority says legalize, tax regulate
I'm with you! Let the ATF and the DEA go fight crime on the streets and leave the stoners be! We need protection from the gangs!
Go Cory Go!
I'm with you
Pot is a drug
@joerogan please have this man on the podcast, setting the bar for integrity and civility in modern politics!
Well, we now have several real world case studies, from Colorado the Washington. But so-called conservatives won't consider the data.
This needs to happen does anyone live in a state where this is legal and have seen the benefits I have ?!?!!!! Get it legalized
I'm good with that!
What about laws that protect those that don't smoke. Not against marijuana but their needs to be laws to protect the public too.
Booker is a total misfit in government. His drug position is Anarchy and does not reduce fatalities in Chicago or among Blacks in America!
#yourmycandidatefor2020
I made the photograph working for civil rights attorn Herb Porter in Los Angeles

Watchin' Mama Listen
at the Courtroom Door • 1968©jt
It’s time to end the perversion of racism too but you will do neither until it gets clear how much #DrugWar is a product of racism

1968©jt
vote out the career and anti-cannabis politicians right the hell out of America in 2018 they are all dirty rats.
Wow, What a great idea.
Im with you Corry
Is this really what's on your mind right now? Ya,weed is good, I voted for it too but seriously,there are more pressing issues on the table
@ThatGuyMelts
This would save taxpayers billions and increase freedom in the US
The war should be on addiction and abuse - alcohol, drugs (prescription and otherwise), nicotine etc..  fought with taxes on said items.
I like this policy but doesn't change the fact that you are a Wall Street & big pharma tool!
Maybe you could Cut Government spending instead of trying to Dumb Down voters with POT
Don't kid yourself, this isn't about anything but how this criminal can take more $ in, these "taxes" will only benefit crooked politicians
Thank you Cory !
Im fully support on a legalizing, but u need to know, when human be given more freedom, they will lose something equivalent to it.
No , it is a gateway drug !!!

it will just lead to another drug that you guys want to legalize. Where does it stop cory?
Chronic pain patient, war on opioids causing extreme hardship for us to get the help needed. Be informed about chronic pain
Smoke another one Cory you pimp!
pm me for your deliveries
Go, go, go!  Get 'er done!
Recreational use of marijuana should be legal and controlled and taxed like alcohol. But it should not end "the war on drugs"
Marijuana works for serious medical conditions. I'v been involved over 50 years with pot. Legalize it everywhere. Tax it! #committedtolove
Your friend Sessions wants to do the exact opposite.  We need you and your colleagues to put that misinformed, racist in his place.
I hope this isn't the only thing you disagree on with your party! Florida is making it as difficult as possible for you to get meds.
Right on,legalization is working well here in WASHINGTON State.
End the war on drugs. Decriminalize and legalize drugs.
It will reduce political and police corruption.
Your incompetent!!!
I'm not your biggest fan, Cory, but I really hope you pass this bill.
I know u did an "experiment" with living on "food stamps" a while ago. What was your final analysis?
well you don't have to like some doing the right thing.
It's about time
Don't agree
As Adults Are Capable of Making Our Own Decisions!
#MarijuanaJustice #LegalizeMarijuana #Hemp - #Security #infosec
 #StartUp #Tech #Inventors #Scientists #Creators #GreenEnergy
#Health #Hemp #Cannabis #IoT #CyberSecurity #infosec
https://youtu.be/lRH2uRn0HXc  
https://youtu.be/Lf5y0HAzg3w  #LegalizeIt
Another poll same results..92% want cannabis legal nationwide ..end prohibition..your bosses have told you what to do now do it or get fired
Have look at all parties & have decided that the most reasonable party is the Democratic Party. So I declare I'm a Dem. They fight for all!
Cory for Dem Candidate 2020.

Not against Kamala have to brush up. I have followed Cory more. Also Sen Warren.
Dem 
Decided Im Dem tonite!
Take your helmet off or pop that thing
I agree with the principle but I don't want to smell it walking down the street, coming from next apartment, more at concerts than I do now.
Damn straight..Love You Cory Booker Keep up The Good Work
Way past time

Thank you Sir!
I agree with you brother Corey. I need to chat with you later about some things.
Enough rolling the clock back when inappropriate and so very costly! Concentrate on what matters.,
Well that's nice... but how about getting that passed for New Jersey first before you go after brownie points.
I don't really see a chance in hell, but it's a start at least.

Put it to a nation-wide majority vote.  now we're talking.
Advice from a crack head?

Demand your senator supports the Marijuana Justice Act! http://petitions.moveon.org/s/nn3odb  @moveon @CoryBooker
How about drugs in general?
LATE. Why was this not done during Obama administration? #P2
Thank you for your message, Senator. I agree. It's time to abolish needlessly aggressive drug laws.
But, Cory, then how will we fill up all those for-profit prisons?? What about all those shareholders??
sessions is over here limp dick flapping his lips about marijuana XDLOL just like all that healthcare talk for 7 years. smoke and mirrors.
Please like I believe that you would actually support this bill if it had any shot in hell of passing.
Why do we want to make legal weed? For recreational and medical use, or a simple why for the gov to earn more taxes.
Please also be as energetic about opposing the RAISE Act
Thank you for speaking the truth!  Hopefully this will work - as Canada is waiting for American permission - then can - remove it from CDSA
I would like to see it get legalised in Scotland, medical marijuana anyway but I think I'm going to have a long wait.
Hey Cory go speak with your NJ bros about the effects of marijuana long term @Camdenhealth  and @Corey Waller. #getthefacts
I guess since we can't enforce the law - we should just change it...
too expensive to do all that legal work, move to Canada instead.
Legalization means growth. Social AND economic. #MarijuanaJustice #RightToPartake
Thank you!
Preach
Im a constituent & I approve this message. This state cld use $ after Christie ruined it.
Take it all the way Cory! Lets incarcerate the villains at the CIA who have been supplying the cartels, as per HST Americas War on Drugs
Sure, but I don't trust Big Pharma nor you. What's in the fine print? Big Pharma can copyright weed seeds like Monsanto does with corn etc?
FINALLY I AGREE WITH YOU ON SOMETHINGI HAVE CHRONIC PAIN EVERYDAY AND MARIJUANA HELPS ME. GOOD LUCK WITH THIS
yes it is! @SenateDems @SenateGOP @dscc @SenToomey @SenBobCasey prohibition is bad for the USA, PA, and all the people; legalize & regulate!
isn't crime at an all time low? - keep those resins comin' -I just cant seem to motivate myself to commit heinous crimes...wonder if gov't..
Criminalizing marijuana is nothing short of controlling social recreational drugs by the elites who live in suburbs #Now it's opium
deschedule is correct or Pharma will try to own this but they still can duplicate results of whole plant medicine but they'll try
Yay
its just for a show,Democrats had way better chance with Obama and Eric Holder than Sessions and Trump. they know it won't get anywhere.
stop term marijuana, govt implemented Mexican term to scare American pop due to illegal immigration prob.  Cannabis is the accurate term.
Finally talking sense when it comes to Marijuana.  Thank you!!!
Why haven't you ever smoked marijuana?
@LizCho7 Amen!
Old arguments against legalization pale in comparison to studies proving the dangers of alcohol & tobacco. #EndDrugHypocrisy #FreeThePlant
Decriminalize Cannabis
Yes it is and the American people will support you on this.
@CoryBooker  what a sell out. Passionate about the weirdest issues. Makes us wonder what you stand to gain, cuz that's how you roll.
#3 is sh!+ pot idea. Appeal to the courts. So basically you want sell inmates a dream.
If it lets people grow their own, and keeps corporations from putting out dirty, overpriced product, then I'm all for it.
Does it really help with glaucoma and other ailments?
From the studies and personal experiences I've heard so far, yes. Not a cure all, but definitely has legit health benefits.
Ok.
Thank you senator Booker, I would like to interview you on your bill proposal..
YES... AND... 
can we start the war on ignorance and political corruption?
Thank you for recognizing this and trying to move forward. It's time to put an end to the bogus and costly war on drugs!
Schedule 1 means no medical value yet there is plenty proving its bullshit..keeping it in place is criminal on our politicians part.end now
How can prohibition still exist when there is no evidence to back it yet plenty proves its a bullshit law placed on Americans by criminals
Prohibition is unconstitutional.It was ruled by the Supreme Court.. Rewording it doesn't make it legal.it infringes on our God Given Rights
CORY BOOKER 2020
@WeedFeed less do it
Weed crimes are no worse than liquor sales. Yet kids lives are turned upside for POT, while bars can serve drunk drivers who KILL PEOPLE!
Support Mr Bookers Bill.. Make America Great Again with freedom n liberty for all Americans not just the elite !
Thank you for having the bravery to push this Cory! The nation needs more restorative justice!

Very true
I agree wholeheartedly
You da man! PASS!
Don't worry 'bout a thing, 'cause every little thing gonna be alright...
This is similar to Prohibition!  Look at the crime & tragedy that caused.  Legalize a plant that actually helps people w/illnesses improve!
@coreybooker #Booker2020
I've been saying this for forty years.  Glad to see you people are starting to listen.
,you freakin CALeft 
- Lets make sure you're unhirable except mini-wage
- Jobs worth getting-drug test
- YES that's the Left agenda
Don't blame weed blame the pharmaceutical
These are the same Machiavellians that want to take away the food    stamps, and healthcare from the poor. because they have money and HC
California is already having problems with legal pot. Now snowflake liberals who supported are complaining about the SMELL. I am not kiffing
They are kiffing but I meant kidding
One has to ask why was this plant created by God? I've seen it work miracles in cancer patients. Nothing wrong with it if used responsibly
This is good. More of this. Now please back single payer.
Immigrants need their convictions vacated. Expungements don't fix immigration problems
and reimport our pharmaceuticals
This is what this country needs ! You go booker !
As long as we don't start another addiction that a few years from now is as big as opioids addiction problem of today!
Cannabis is not physically addictive like opioids, alcohol or nicotine. It can however be psychologically addictive.
Thank you @CoryBooker! Thank you!!!  #letmypeoplegrow
I don't use butt believe in it's legality ! #MarijuanaJustice
It's totally criminal to go against the people's will..end prohibition now..We The People have spoken! End this racist tyrannical unjust law
lots of info out there on Bayer, Monsanto, Miracle Grow etc. interest in cannabis as big cash crop. We do all the work they spoil it.
Smart to hammer on this. Add big corp intention to dominate, buy up, big cannabis growers & eventual gmo cannabis.
It's not just not that. My husband used it to treat his ADHD and it worked.  Beats the cost of $389 for a prescription.
thank u 4 finally joining @SenSanders. bring more Democrats in,pls.since,they hav a hard time listening 2 "outsiders" like him.
Legalize Drugs , Criminalize Lobbying !
Fight 4 Single Payer, Support the bill 2 control pricing of subsidized drugs,fight 4 govt power 2 negotiate & buy drugs from outside.
Fight 4 Money Out of Politics...Stand behind All Progressive Policies 100% &  ppl will support u w their money (small donations)in yrs 2 com
fight 4 public financing of elections,so u can commit all of ur time 2 productive work , not wasting it on Donors & their needs.U r young
Please keep this up.
They won't do this because then how will they throw our black men and jail and try to keep our homes separated?
You have my support on this
Doc put me on Oxy in 2013 3xday then upped to 4xday now I have problems with my teeth and had hard time getting off but still in pain
I agree
Yes, I see your point.
You are the Man!
Funny how poor folks can afford pot but need assistance for basic needs!
God bless you. God bless you. God bless you.
Finally I agree with something you've said. The Rt can agree with you idiots, sometimes. MAGA
No, Bad idea, leads to more harder drugs
It was time to end it about when the Rockefeller laws started. Former Baltimore Mayor Schmoke (sic) would be proud!
Wonder if you're still putting a "pause" on donations from the pharmaceutical industry? #328k
Yes! Attorney General Jefferson Beauregard Sessions the III needs to put aside his GreatGrandpappy's racist ambitions & end #PotPersecution!
I agree!
Treat it like they do heroin. Wake em up, give them some doritos and send them on their way
Grand Jury Duty saw 65-70% of cases dealing with pot and all got jail time, all with children!
Yes! Call Your DC Reps and Say: #Cannabis & #Hemp #LegalizeIt!
Support & Share Everywhere!
White House 202-456-1111
https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ …
#LegalizeMarijuana #Cannabis #Hemp For #Health & #GreenEconomy 
#Startups #Security #IoT #infosec
Miraculous #Health Benefits of #Cannabis Answer to
#Addictive #Pharmaceuticals Many Medical Issues
#Startup #infosec https://youtu.be/Qhi_9TE0zvo  
Studies on effects of use by teens conducted... http://www.cbsnews.com/news/marijuana-linked-to-brain-memory-schizophrenia-teens/ … Federal Government needs to stay out of this...enough overreaching!
Should be legalized for adults. Crime drops after MJ prohibition lifted. Legalizing wld let us focus on violent criminals. Raises taxrevenue
