So this was the proof you needed
Yes, Comey & Loretta Lynch obstructed Justice. Comey also admitted he leaked. #comeyleaker
AND that YOUR President IS A LIAR, but you already knew that
Lol Comey lied about why he leaked the memo under oath... his timeline was all fked up ...
Comey didn't leak anything. It was not a classified memo. Kasowitz got timeline wrong. Kaz can't spell "president".
Plus he said he leaked. Apparently you didn't watch
TESTIMONY:
Gen. Clapper: Unclassified is not leaking
@CNN has no credibility at all. I'm lobbying to have their press pass revoked & given to the national inquirer #fakenews #fakecnn #cnn
You are fake news. POTUS HAS the authority to order the investigation stopped.
#Hillary obstructed too many times to count. Why would a "victim" bleach her computer instead of turning it over 2 investigators? #hypocrite
The POTUS HAS THAT RIGHT TO STOP / Direct James
 Conley, in this matter. Cory, stop the Bulls&$t
Remember when a US president & his Johnson attempted numerous times to hack into states voter data basis?
Not obstruction.... ignorant of the Constitutional Authroty of the POTUS... he can stop or start any DOJ investigation he want
Luv your spirit, sense of justice, How can we do it under this dictatorship? We need your strength. You have my support
Hey @CoryBooker are you smoking crack? 
#WTF 
#NewarkWatershed #CoryBookerJustAnotherCorruptAhole

@realDonaldTrump
@SHSanders45
It's practically a requirement to get elected mayor of #Newark remember Sharpe James???
I agree w Michael. He's done nothing 4 #newark except grandstanding photo-ops. Plus who can 4 get the #watershed??? #booker
In front of the media, Comey laid out all illegal activities done by Hillary & her St Dept, yet nothing was done. Deal with it.
Remember when a US president probably wiretapped lawmakers to obtain blackmail material to control his Anti American agenda?
Remember when a US president ran a cache of assault weapons to Mexican drug dealers? $ in his pocket?
I totally agree with Senator Booker, this is unlawful conduct by then candidate  Trump and his staff.
Look at this simp.
Remember a US president Illegally robbed hardworking folks Medicare/SS to feed a mass of Illegally alien that showed up at his invitation?
Pandering? All the hype in the world will not save your soul. Something to consider when the lights go out & your alone with your thoughts!
Remember when a US president loaded 1.7 billion$ on a boat & attempted to finance terrorist state of Iran? Times without being caught?
You can't even get the streets plowed in #newark. Oh & we didn't forget the #watershed. U taking lessons on enriching yourself from #her?
Go get him Cory
Yeah and Hillary did everything wrong but we can't prove intentions.....crooked Washington from Dems and Liberal Media...Voter Fraud Anyone!
Did you and I watch the same thing??
Let's talk about something that really matters! Something like.... The Right To Deny Consent to be Governed..... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consent_of_the_governed …
I hooch vnl up, off оки ок но по ци
Mr. Booker, Twitter can be a scary place looking at some of the trolls who have tweeted you. They live in an alternate reality.....show. SMH
Putting Trump under oath and expect him to tell the truth? Ha!
When did you pass the bar exam?
What where you watching Comey is a traitor to this country quit trying to stir an empty pot
@CoryBooker Please run for President in 2020. Our country needs someone like you to bring us back together and finish @BarackObama agenda!
U libtards lost snd cant get over it, get over it!
Cory BS AGAIN.
You must have been watching reruns of Sesame Street
So convince your senate cronies to do something about this...Don't stop talking until they remember they're Americans first & GOPers second.
True story
James Comey laid nothing butt a foundation of BULLSHIT! YA KNOW, like you often do!
It is said you represent the people of New Jersey your false statements against our president is very said indeed.
And! Are you getting your fellow required number of folks to move constitutionally? Indict Dont want impeachment!
Stfudan
Kushner. Security clearance.
First, leaking relates to classified info. Comey didn't leak classified info. Second, I had a great boss who would say she'd like
To see the agency go in a certain direction. That was our cue to get it done.
Didn't you listen? No crime!
";;;Let the work of justice continue..."
Thank you!!
Now that we all know you knowingly lied and misled us about the russia thing, when will you roll out your new conconcted accusations?
Put DT UNDER oath
Please give it a rest, stop dividing us, and represent the people who elected you in constructive and positive ways.
@warbirdVQ1 @CoryBooker Hey bot, so you're cool with a hostile foreign state engaging in cyberwar with us?
You do know that's called treason, right?
Neither should it be over-blown, CB. Your outrage is almost convincing, that is if one hadn't witnessed it's selective application.
Bro you are part of a Russian conspiracy that does not exist.
Keep up the good work
No it should lead to him testify before Congress about his criminal charges
Corey,if you took Kushner money give it back or give it to charity. Don't get on wrong side of this. We need your voice. Set yourself free.
He said nothing of the thing he did point out Obama knew about Russian hacking in the 2012 election and he did nothing that's the real news
Fake news
What was proven. ?  Nothing more than. COMEY lied under oath. Leaked information and. No Russia contact liberal. BS. Libatatards are a joke
@warbirdVQ1 @CoryBooker @POTUS So you're cool with a hostile foreign state engaging in cyberwar with us?
You realize that is called treason, correct?
@Cory booker No Trumpcare !
Seems to me Loretta lynch should be jailed.
With Sessions, BOZO, FLYNN
Please stop taking dark money. Please work with Progressive Democrats. We are watching
Totally agree. And when this is done we can move to collusion with Big Oil, Big Pharma and Big Banks to undermine our middle class. Right?
Wrong!
Correction obstruction charges for Lynch. What were you watching ??
You really completely missed the point... no surprise, though.
He is not concerned about the people clearly the President thinks he's above law & he don't care nothing about the less fortunate people.
Not true.
That's the exact opposite of what he said, AND a POTUS has the LEGAL right to stop any investigation, especially since he wasn't part of it.
Trump could've pardoned Flynn and killed the investigation LEGALLY, just like Bush did for his buddy. Stop spreading disinformation!!!
The only obstruction Comey testified to was from Lynch telling him to call the HRC investigation a "matter", damn u guys got 
And Comey said Flynn was not important to the Russia investigation, and Trump was not being investigated- obstruction of what? 
No charges period idiot.
Thank you Cory. What's sad is that the Americans that believed the Russian misinformation are still unable to realize that they were conned
What sunk the Clinton machine 2.0 was the information that the public wasn't supposed to see. OVER-informed versus MIS-informed.
Amen.
But it will be minimised Teflon Don won't be touched, probably not his inner circle. Dems concentrate on Next election!
Wow! What we're you smoking when you watched? How about you do some reason work? Jersey is screwed and over taxed, but who cares? Right?
Looking bones in a bowl of milk!remember Hillarys - 
"What does it matter" - Benghazi
Can we get on with it then? Seems like this liar POTUS been burning this dumpster fire long enough.
If they pull the trigger, there are actually rules to be followed, unlike this tactic of "suggesting" wrongdoing without actual evidence.
But what is going to happen?  No one is being held accountable meanwhile the GOP is pushing through all of the bills they want. GOP winning
Comey proved he can not be trusted. Funny you wanted him fired over Hillary
.You guys are sooooooooo full of .. Only obstruction Comey the butthurt ex-employee talked about was from Lynch..
B A L O N E Y!  Presuming something to be a directive does not make it so!  Your hatred for Trump is driving this, P E R I O D!!
Trump must be held accountable for this. Will you fight to do this?
Why are you cozying up to the Trump kids? Bad show. People watching you.
You obviously did not watch hearing or comprehend the powers of the President or the law. It's clearly written
Actually #bigpharmabooker, Comey laid out perfect foundation for obstruction charges against former @AGLynch but keep pushing a non-story.
Booker, stop the bull and get to work
James comey also perjured himself but you probably will ignore that fact
Love you Senator Booker, but you have to admit this matter is a Pandora's box that will unravel pre election shenanigans on the dem's side.
Is Corey booker on the same planet as the rest of America?? Booker needs to wake up and listen to the inept Comey also admit to be a leaker
There was no obstruction. All made up. Comey is a leaker of confidential material which is a FELONY. PRISON for Comey. He is a  
Okay so today you are a Democrat again? Did Comey now provide you with enough information to turn your back on @POTUS? SMH
... And just because you are conservative doesn't mean that the people you are voting for are sharing your same values because they are not
I just want to say to Oklahomans and all other red States do you realize that you have no idea what you are really voting for?
You are nuts!

Do your job and lay off the cameras.
@CoryBooker It will continue to be minimized as long as @GOP has a majority.
What's the deal with your Canadian drug ban?
Foundation?  Please.  The only foundation that needs justice begins with Clinton
You people still bashing Clinton are hysterical. Your POTUS lies daily and insults our allies while embracing Wahabists! You won get over it
Hopefully Mueller has the rest of his testimony and evidence to start impeachment. Yes, I said the "I" word!
Right on @CoryBooker and stand firm. You have the truth on your side now seek the justice #ImpeachTrump
Stop making Dems look bad. Loretta Lynch told Comey directed Comey to call the Clinton investigation a "matter".
@CoryBooker, what hearing were u watching? President Trump did NOT obstruct justice. But Comey however needs to worry about leaking! #MAGA.
And attempt to convert FBI into his personal, loyal police force.
Lets also not loose sight of the investigation his #ObstructionOfJustice was about. #AbuseOfPower to hide a stolen election.
Gonna be a long eight (or more) years for you. He won. Comey and the rest just make your refusal to admit it look even worse.
He Stated There was NO INVESTIGATION on POTUS Trump! U HATE @POTUS because he is a outsider n U know he will get things done.
Comey needs to understand:  from a junior, it's a request; from a senior, it's an order.
Sounds like you're not gong to let this go even now that it's been proven you are lying. Hope you get voted out of office for good
Actually, Comey said it was up to Mueller
misnomer of the investigation not being concluded, tangents a treasonous person who deserves death but whose only penalty was being fired.
@RenaSofer @POTUS really? Really??? Obstruction falls on the head of Loretta Lynch and the entire Clinton tribe
#Booker2020
No he really didn't Senator, but you voting down the government's ability to negotiate with big pharma is an obstruction of justice!!!
.....who campaigned and got votes. Trump and Ryan want us to take Trump serious and we give him room to "make innocent mistakes" governing.
Absolutely it should not be minimized. And Paul Ryan saying "Trump is New at government" is a total cop out. He is a grown man......
If you believe that you should resign because it means you can't even read. The only obstruction evidence today was on Lynch.
what about Lynch????  I'd like to see a grounded politician use common sense and not be far left or far right!  Just 1!
Your so full of sh!t just like the rest of your colleagues. The people of NJ see right through you and can't wait to vote you out of office.
Not once did Trump ask about the details of the Russian attack on our democracy, he is only concerned about his own image and ego #unfit
Agreed Senator.   Don't you think we  have had enuf of Donnies antics ?
To think Pres. Clinton was being impeached 4 having sex outside of his marriage given Russian coll facts yet we can't remove Trump out of WH
Impeachment Day is coming! I'm baking the beautiful chocolate cake!!
uou obviously don't know the constitution.  President has the right to end investigation into an individual (flynn)
This a skit for Saturday Night Live?
Not really.
He also admitted to a plethora of felonies by AG Lynch and himself. Little Ironic, don't you think?
No he didn't. You are just another deceiver.
Did kush authorize you to talk about this? Wouldn't want to upset your donors, would you? Of course I mean the wealthy ones...
No he laid out obstruction of justice foundation on himself.
Are you high

Thank you for saying this.  That man is a criminal and so unfit to serve our country.
Umm - foundation = no smoking gun - move on PLEASE!
Come on with yourself. Stop the treason and fall in line. You Dems are a bunch of babies. The FBI director admitted to being a coward.
Aren't You In Bed With The Trump CREEPS???
Oh Corey you will never be more than a libtard from Jersey sad to say that's where I am from
What about Loretta lynch? Forget about her because she's a democrat?
Stop it, get to work
your right,  he laid the foundation of obstruction of justice charges,  only against Lynch though not Trump.
Yes. Agree completely!
You lose booger.
Dont skip any words. Tell me all the words he used to male Comey stop an investigation? Im Listening?
Please look into Loretta Lynch first ...
@warbirdVQ1 @CoryBooker @POTUS So you're cool with a hostile foreign state engaging in cyberwar with us?
You realize that's called treason, right?
Obama did more against Israel than Russia than Trump! Tell me all the words he said that made Conehead stop an investigation. Im waiting
Obstruction of what justice? Tell me word for word what he did to obstruct the USA in 30 days? Im waiting. Putin is laughing at u bad. ?????
Booker! Dude! You guys are losing your minds. Your charging him with less and less every day. Look at what other people u know did beforehim
what did he do? let a prisoner go? He did NOTHING. If Obama would be on trial for saying Maybe or "sorta" or Kinda" would you call that ?
First you'd have to prove that Russians meddled in the election - not just take the word of a bureaucrat who did no forensics on DNC servers
Obstruction of Justice doesn't rely on the result of the investigation trying to being obstructed.
#MylittleCory
Hang the POS. Better still, allow me to be the hang man. I'll be slow......and methodical.
Hey Cory-Ivanka and Jared aren't gonna like this!!!
He also did the same thing for Hillary Clinton on the e-mails. I didn't hear you complaining about him not recommending an indictment then.
CoryBooker, "Pull your head out"! Most people believe you as much as they believe James Comey, which is VERY little!
Sure, Comey's the liar. Not Trump who lies every single day. Repukes are such rubes. Voting against your own best interests over & over!
You must be high
Proves that Comey was expecting some big reward and so kept quiet
Only when fired he started crying
An FBI director so naive that he continued with calls without reporting it even after Trump supposedly told him to "let it go"
Did big pharma sponsor this video?
It was one on one and he himself said he could be wrong on the assessment of the whole thing. Comey confesses to be a leaker.
Gain consensus w others in House & Senate.
What a crock of !
Covfefe to you bot
UNDER OATH COMEY LAID OUT A FOUNDATION FOR OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE BY LORETTA LYNCH #SmellTheCoffee #DEMcesspool #Liars
Really??? Obstruction was when the morons let Hillary walk...
https://youtu.be/77LoT2ii9_k 
thank you Sen. Booker. Keep making noise, but please don't forget to fight against #TrumpCare Someone has to look out for US.
Are you crazy? I heard the testimony - Loretta Lynch better worry - give it up or get a new job
Here comes @corybooker looking like a bitch in heat looking to cash in...Come on buddy this is just thirsty...Give it @ least a day or so
@BeSeriousUSA @POTUS Beautifully stated, Senator Booker.
4 once get passed your Democratic agenda and do what's best 4 the nation. You wanna get elected in 2020 b different than your party
Already happening.
Completely wrong Tbone. He admitted to leaking. No talks of Russia, only talks of Trump. This is an impeachment hearing
so now that the foundation has been laid down, when will Dems continue with the construction project?
