#ThisIsTheGOP #PartyOfTrump #PartyOfPutin #PartyOfTreason #PartyOfLies #NewConfederateParty #PartyBeforeCountry #GOCCCP
Back to people choosing food & rent over health insurance, bankruptcies and job loss over untreated sickness.
"Back to?" That's what people are currently doing....
Such bullshit.
The only people with those issues are making too much to get subsidies.
If you're just a little too well off to receive subsidies, cry me a river.
Not in any position to even come close to needing subsidies.
@SpeakerRyan 
The ONLY health care that works is single-payer, when ALL enroll, drug $ negotiated, no pre-existing, no life cap.
That's why Trump installed those inexperienced $$ ppl in those positions=to line their wallets off the backs of lo & mid classes
inflammatory nonsensical Tweets Texts posts etc. is Now commonplace instead of useful positive dialogue
and #Ryancare will make many of us literally sick too.  #RepealAndReplaceRyan
just don't know how they sleep and look in the mirror everyday  #nosoul
Senator Cory Booker answer me one thing have you said one positive thing about the President or the Republicans very bias Man
and they'll succeed unless you guys strong arm, stop treating this as the usual politics. It's not.
Don't see how the Dems have the leverage to "strong arm" anyone currently.
other ways to do it other than legislative power. Use of more intense language through media sources, organizing.
So stomp your feet and yell and you'll get what you want?
no, but being soft on language rather than rallying people isn't going to work. Get people to vote.
maybe a dose of reality will make feel better
@gibsonpaulles89 The Democrats are the sick narcissistic people including the dummies that followed them!
@TheSaiLife It was evident that Trump only cares about the wealthy. Just look at his cabinet!
you think?
and whT is our plan
u already pull the rug from under! He's replacing it with a new rug!!!
@SenBookerOffice Cory what is the plan..oh no don't say it cell phones microwaves tv's all are spying on us ..JUST DO IT
Obamacare implode ruse! #GOP may convince insurance companies to bail-out #ACA in all #RedStates for failure! @crazylary51
Yep, me too. Except that I won't be able to afford to be sick.
That's their mantra @maddow
perhaps you can take them behind the capital and give them a @JoeBiden ass whooping just a thought
please investigate Russian connection
@SenBookerOffice we will all be sicker soon
@crazylary51   We need your help trump must go!!
at least you have the congressional health care plan to cover you when the GOP gets you sick. What will WE do when WE get sick??
@SenBookerOffice me too. I am thinking about running for Congress.
Cheaper drugs would have helped- ya think? You're  disgusting Neoliberal fraud U really should consider leaving #DemocraticParty
@SenBookerOffice Yep!  That's all the White Republicans are good for!  Greed, power and selfishness!  They don't care
@defenestrate161
Paul Ryan is still an Ayn Rand true believer, meaning that he believes that those who aren't rich are culls
You taking kickbacks from the Pharma co.s doesn't?
Trumpcare or Ryan Paul care - also known as the "Undertaker's Income Enhancement Act"
@DaShanneStokes @KevinMcCarthy Ur Losing Your Seat MuthaPhukka!! #persist #resist
@orangepussygrab - Even his sign is crooked. Aside from that, I'm really beginning to see the smallness of Ryan. Counted pennies
: Trump likes his name on everything. 
It's TRUMPCARE RYAN
: Hey Ryan - it's called - TRUMPCARE !
@defenestrate161 The GOP does seem to have that effect on people these days
@defenestrate161 Cory, all of us R throwing up about Trump. We can't treat them with normalcy.We must treat as hostile take over
@sallyholmes26 it also Pays ins. Execs millions!
you must not let this happen.  I am so scared of losing my life.
Vote them out as soon as they are up for re-election. They must go. It's always about money and not people.
What makes us SICk is that you think you know what you are talking about!!
#neverbooker
as Americans we deserve more than this hot mess they are trying to give us..
We need this msg on TV air time in 2018. I really don't understand why the 99% vote Republican. Do you think they don't realize?
PUKE & VOMIT & BARFF!!
You are not the only one who will be sick under the @GOP plan! #Trumpcare Not!
@KymmeeJ as long as your are the minority you are powerless as this perfect storm brews in DC.  Time for revolt by any means.
Typical of the GOP. More "trickle down?" That's why they now all live Trump.
HOW is this a tax break for the rich? #TypicalDemocraticResponseToEVERYTHING
HOLY CRAP! Take a good frigging look at YOURSELF @CoryBooker. You just described yourself and your CORPORATE DEM friends to a bleeding TEE
@DaShanneStokes The focus needs to be on healthcare and not for-profit insurance.
Really? Tell us how much money you get from the pharma companies.
click bait...
That's a lie Cory, and you know it.  It's you and your racist friends that make us all sick.  Racial dividers and haters you are
Is there any liberal critique of the @GOP which does not end with 'giving tax breaks to the rich'???  #BrokenRecord
And a whole lot of people will pay with their health. Thank you for all you do @CoryBooker . Do you ever get any rest?
started own business because we could go on marketplace preixisting health ins $$$ and may have to go back
you telling the truth and shaming the devil...
Thank God you don't have Tryancare.
Isn't that how the GOP rolls?
Are you that out of touch, Senator? Let me quote @NancyPelosi "We'll read the bill after we pass it."
if you want to be a serious candidate for President quit playing so rich vs poor cards.
please stop the insanity!!!
Trump and his henchmen are worse than common crooks! In 4 years they're going to rob this country blind. This is all for profit
.@CoryBooker @AddendumBooks It will eventually make tens of millions of us sick.  Thank you for speaking out.
don't get sick ..carefully line up the grievances and pick away..
reword: GOP is trying to pull the rug out from under AMERICA. beyond policy matters... they're letting state dept fail. russia is everywhere
For the first time in forever I'm really freaked out.  Don't Repulican congressmen & woman see what they are doing?
How can we trust a man re Health Care when the sign on the podium he's standing behind is hastily put up and is CROOKED!
ME TOO, CORY
ME TOO!
me too!! They've already made millions. We must stop the corruption and keep the ACA!! Please keep up your good work @CoryBooker
@SpeakerRyan me too, Sen. Booker. The GOP is an unAmerican disgrace.
Please try to stop them before it's too late!!! 
Senator I did loose my doctor and my monthly premium went up 200% why don't you reach out and help fit it
Stand your ground we need to hold the republicans to the fire and make them accountable.
please Senator criticize Republicans but don't run of the true that Obama care was not what was promised
@antipandemonium we are under attacks from those at the top. You can thank the 80,000 who fell for all the lies.
politicians who refuse to work w the other side and only obstruct makes me sick.
The US is now blatantly '$ vs people'. Thank you for being on the right side!
sort of like y'all giving to all the non-working folks and making working folks pay for it.only folk's benefiting is nonworking
Fight them will all you've got!
Keep fighting for us Cory Booker...
all you left want free stuff paid for by honest workers while you tear down our good values, education, for communist fascism.
Does anyone else suspect that Trump brought the Marine Scandal to life as a healthcare diversion?Wiretap diverted from Russia.
5 LIES------that the Democrats told about the new health care law

VIDEOS http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/5243545/1/ …
6. @CoryBooker I can stand behind the bumper and be protected from a few rocks, but bumper alone doesn’t get me to work in the AM.
maybe the lazy left who leans on everyone elses work could get back to self reliance. Sinful words to libs.
There is no rug under Americans, Obama pulled that out years ago.
think the best thing is the economy crashing and an end to entitlements period.
hold off vote till Tax Returns can give more accurate numbers.  is that so unreasonable to have actual numbers?
tax cuts4rich school cut grandma eating dog food like drty water & air racist sexist Do u ever get tired of dem talking points
5. @CoryBooker maybe a better analogy is that I can only afford the bumper of a car.
how much longer are we to endure these self serving racists? 2018 elections seem so far away. What can we do now to clean house
@ihatepundits They make me sick and I'm enraged.
Resist and Protest!! It's your funeral!
And the leader besides trump is that evil rotten heartless SOB Ryan  Karma will get him though his family ,watch!
@realDonaldTrump Cory What Makes me Sick IsYour Pandering and making UpYour Own Crap FactsYou are acting like Hillary and Barry.
then start impeachment process's against them for cheating the american voters.
I agree and we need people like you to keep them accountable. Thank you for all you do.
Going to challenge prescription drug prices anytime soon or roll over like last vote? We're watching to see you stand up for us.
#ltsmymoney not yours.
the Republican are selling an empty can of nothing to us. The rich get richer with the best healthcare. America don't get sick.
please let the nurses and doctors people who are on the ground be involve we can't turn back the clock now. Thx !
you cannot bring a 4000 dollars to the hospital to access care when an emergency room visit can run into thousands of dollars
COREY BOOKER for PRESIDENT: 2020!
catastrophic insurance does not cover cost GOP is trying to sell the American people down the river
they are all very sick. We need you to keep fighting more than ever these days.
because access to care don't mean you can pay the bill this is why Obamacare needs to be fixed not repeal
The only ones who do not believe this statement are the Trumpian Cult members who honestly think Trump is there for only them.
Question Does this bill give people access to care or coverage ?
Agreed. What happened to coverage for all lyin Trump told us about? Hard to help the uninformed. Sad.
Totally sickening!!!
GOP got elected and won power. So the question is why Americans put them in power & why democrats did not go out to vote!
#gop IS COMPRISED OF #MORONS THEIR ONLY CONCERN IS HOW MUCH MONEY THEY WILL EARN FROM INSURANCE CO, THEY HAVE STOCKS IN THEM.
Obamacare, 50Mil promised would be enrolled, only 20MIL, out of 20MIL 12 MIL already had INS, WHAT GOOD IS HAVING IF U CANT USE!
Mr Booker for those of us that see this happening, how can we stop it?  Protesting will not prevent it,  we need action now
You r just like obomie, a. Liar ,keep your Doc, insurance  Booker lie's
You read this in the Washington Post?  Seriously?  Lol
I can't agree more with you. It's sickening. The Trump voters are going to get a big reality check!!
Serving it up with a side of entitlement.
makes me angry and sad for the thousands they are sticking it to with lies!
What should make you sick is PASSING a heath care package w/o even LOOKING AT IT, and w/o Republicans looking at it in 2010. hmm
you are a liar... Quit spreading false rhetoric. Explain something positive that you've accomplished
I am in my 60's, now...trying to retire...may not be able to afford healthcare...I am so very worried....losing sleep over this
won't u have Medicare
I appreciate your effort even though it seems like wasted effort. Now I read of toll roads to further the Corp agenda.
we work, are insured by,  pay taxes for and buy from Corps. Soon we won't be able to drive without paying their toll.
Why does that make you sick? Don't the rich pay more in taxes? What would make me sick? Cory Booker as President. OMG!
Me, too...Keep fighting for us, Cory!
remember when you voted against importing cheaper meds? Makes it hard to believe you care
..me too.
t bone disagrees he told me that this will lower insurance cost by 2500 per family
@InSpiteOfTrump The GOP have the votes. Unless YOU guys persuade them otherwise. Pull out all the stops and do it!
does GOP bs count as a pre-existing condition?  Lol
Better bs than socialists bs.
what else is new
hopefully not sick enough to need services under the republican bill, bc you might be at a disadvantage...
the GOP is trying to "weed out", who they consider to be the undesirables.
Which is the majority of our people.
good thing you have a great insurance policy
you have health ins if you get sick....what are you going to do for us?
Always assumed 3rd world was the only place susceptible 2 being fooled by 'noise' 2 C USA in same boat gives me hope for Africa
you make us all want to puke, even members of your dumb party.
What can we do about it other than object on social media? The GOP are hiding from their Town Halls, they rarely take calls. 
Write to local newspapers & put your ideas out at local radio and TV stations.  They will be on record.
Good ideas. 

#resist
As long as I have been voting, the GOP has always operated this way, big business, extreme wealth, the rest of us be damned.
me 2, over 50 yrs
Me too, Sir.  And millions of us agree with you.
It's the trickle down medical theory. Get ready, Bend over and cough, or gag.
Cory stop the scare tactics it will not help your party. You people are acting like children. You already failed Americans.
Need "Harry and Louise" style ads to show Americans the pain their neighbors will feel losing healthcare.
sad to say, but this is about undoing anything good that has President Obama's name on it, regardless of the impact.
It's bad reaganomics all over again. trickle down theory has filled the pocket of corporations and the CEO fill Camen island $
stand your ground against this injustice for New Jerseyans and all Americans.  We're counting on you!
LIAR.?  The rich always get richer when Dem's in office. So do Dem politicians.
To deny that this gives a tax break to the insurance companies while we can see the numbers, how stupid do they think we are?
You won't be alone. Lack of care will make many sick. As a doc, I can't take care of those who can't reach me. Protect ACA & PP.
-THANK YOU!
#racebaitingposloser
Me too. But Repub. put personal bottom line first;corp. & campaign donors 2nd; party 3rd; American people distant 5th-6th maybe
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @MajorityL @RonWyden @SenJeffMerkley 

As are the vast, vast majority of Americans.
 #trumpcare
It's like watching a bad horror film unfold right before your eyes. It's surreal. But don't succumb. We are following your lead.
Don't get sick! Have you seen the new healthcare bill?
it makes us all sick...figuratively now....literally if they pass it. :(
#impeach45 #resist What can we do!?!? Devastated
it really is disgusting . The extent of their greed is incredible
It makes way more than 50% of us sick, Senator - and the others will learn the hard way...
What about the big Pharma cost you helped to stay? How is that any different?
Educate yourself before you point fingers...
what is the difference? Booker only fucked over one age grp at a time? is that it?
GOPs motto has always been "If we dont need it you cant have it." As long as they r able 2 transfer $ 2 the 1% they r successful
Is exactly what they are doing,Cory
Voters will return the favor-pull the rug uder eveyone who votes for this -vote them out of offfice-they work for the public.
Please help us they are Also not separating church and state pushing beliefs over what's good for the majority of US.
*sigh* It makes me sick too. AND if it passes, will make folks sick in a less metaphorical sense. Truly terrifying for families.
replace "all while giving" with "all to give"
Agreed! Makes us sick too. Please consider filibustering even one of Pres Trump's nominees. Even just one. Please.
Repeal is a Trojan Horse containing massive gifts to Republican donors so they will give more to a Republicans
