Why have you not voted to support @BernieSanders #MedicareForAll bill then?
Because it won't pass in a republican led Congress, the bill is symbolic rn, not realistic...we've GOT to vote in dems next yr /mid terms
Dems. still have a big voice in Congress ! They must use it !  
YOU CANT VOTE FOR A NONEXISTANT BILL- why is it Bernie fans are so utterly ignorant on how Congress works?I just answered my own question 
Okay, so *speak out* in support of the bill, Margi.  please relax
We seriously need to make sure they don't repeal ACA before the 30th instead of fucking around with this symbolic Unicorn bill
You're why our country can't have nice things - like EVERY OTHER MAJOR COUNTRY. Shove off w that unicorn, hillbot.
Who?!! Wtf? You ppl are mean as f for no reason! Jfc chill out
Please stop them.  Change focus to Medicare for All and get rid of tax cap so rich pay their share.  I have dying son, while ALL of you sit.
Hopefully we wont have Middlemen (ins co's) in the near future. They take 60$ then, pay the hospital with the remainder. I C where to save$
Here's my plan: keep the ACA and extend Medicare to those 50 and over.
Here's my plan: give health insurance decision back to people. Buy ur own damn insurance.
.@SenJohnMcCain - Please stand by your convictions & vote no on this bill. Millions of lives are at stake. #SaveOurCare #ProtectOurCare #ACA
I agree! Sen. McCain, I called you, Lisa, and Susan "The Power of Three". Please vote now and have the Power of Three show its true power!
Expand healthcare and make it affordable!
#Cover PreExisting, 
Say NO #UnfairAgePenalty 
#NoBlockGrants 
#KillTrumpCare 
#BlockGrahamCassidy
Are u saying the young should pay the same amount as the old and sick? Are you imposing a penalty again? And those choosing not to work?
I guess we'll count you out for social security and Medicare.  Thanks. :). Can't have the young paying for you. #Sarcasm #SaveACA
Come up with a plan that works. Obamacare is a disaster for health care as it is
As bad as Graham-Cassidy is, it's not even close to how bad Obamacare is.
Oh yes it is. They need to fix that part where your deductions were too high. Or where you had to pay too mach annually
What do you hv Chuckie? Oh..it's nothing? Democrats =Greed Can't give up that control n $$$. Send it to the states.
God there's nothing this looser likes that doesn't come from a criminal.  Buma, Clinton. They disgust me as an American.
Please don't ever call it trumpcare if he isn't able articulate any or none of it... Never did any reading of it... Never wrote a pt. Thx!
! Is there a limit on how many times you can try to push a bad bill through. Very little bills get read, so why not read this dinosaur ?
Your plan is failing now you want single payer plan like Bernie gov health care ???VA doing a great job????? You should live Obama care????
I hope you all go on Obama care like everyone else
Obama care is horrible. Why aren't you investigating away to fix it? Oh wait, you have great health insurance so what do you care? Work!
#RunOutTheClock #SaveACA
You are the poster child for everything that is wrong with DC
Love this. Obamacare only works if you don't!! So true!
Where is your plan-CHUCKY?
Fucking establishment.
Kill obama care altogether,go back to how it was before,I'm not paying for lazy bums that don't work
Call your members of congress - right now - 202-224-3121 - tell them to vote NO! You elected them. You pay their salaries. Go ahead, call.
Anyone on Obamacare doesn't work so you aren't paying anyone's salary! The paying Americans don't hv insurance!
They think that by renaming the bill over and over again, they can trick Americans into accepting it.  Not the case!
I don't want anything from anyone in Congress unless they have the same. Bernie hasn't taken Obamacare. Why?
Chuck you and the rest of the swamp are suppose to be educated.  What does illegal mean.  Seems simple enough to me.
You should support Medicare for all vs your donors.
When is your better version coming out?
You are no judge of anything reasonable for America. After all you passed Obamacare.
The real test is is it worse than ACA? Repeal, no replace.
You're doing NOTHING to improve HC except cry and complain. We're sick of it. DO YOUR JOB!!!!
Not surprised and Graham keeps going on about it. The GOP is totally inept.  Please keep it from passing. Stop harm to all our med programs.
here's one more in case you missed the first two frauds

maybe you should have done a better job of dealing with the corruption in Obamacare.
Anything is better than Obamacare. The Black Plague
PLEASE continue fighting against this cynical and cruel effort to deprive Americns of health care.  It is incredibly important!
I stand in opposition to #GrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidyBill.  #SaveOurCare #SaveACA #ProtectOurCare #ACA #Obamacare #Trumpcare #Trumpcare3
We are dialing the phones but the two moderate Republicans in suburban Philadelphia are no show. Are they even real?
Chuck obummer care sucks! Why did you vote for it? You are the problem
As your party voted without even seeing it! Now we have a collapsing system that these men have to fix...#demofailure
We need to stop them.
You are no Doctor!! Leave it to the people who do this for a living.. Mr Rand Paul has it correct.. You are making doctors slaves
Obama care is worse. You know it but are trying to save a dead legacy.
NOTHING IS WORSE THAN UNITEDHEALTHCARE!
Thanks to Obamacare our employer stuck us w/this scam insurer who denies all claims & is killing us!
I hope a stake can be driven through The latest Trumpdontcare bill!
Maybe try a bipartisan effort and stop being the torpedo in every forward movement while lining your own pockets #crook
So much for the bromance with 45 and his crew!
https://photos.app.goo.gl/H5gmvlN655SnkHIS2 …
That is absolute nonsense
But it's a million times better than the already proved failure ObamaCare.
Tim, do you know that Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act are the same thing?  Just checking.
Affordable Care Act is an oxymoron.Another Obama lie! It made medical insurance prices skyrocket. But belive what you want in your delusion.
Because of ACA, my sister can actually afford the therapy and care that my 10-year old nephew, who is autistic, needs.
Schumer you are the swamp! You need to pull your head out of NP as$ and learn that if you don't start playing well with GOP the DNC is over
F Chuck Schummer!
You know what? I don't care how you do it, but you'd better stop this. Appeal privately to @SenJohnMcCain's better angels. #DoSomething
Terrible. Are they just evil people, hell bent on destroying Americans' lives?
I don't understand why you all aren't addressing the providers of health care instead of the insurance companies issues.
I don't know Chuckles can you out bromance Lindsey this late in the game?
It's all better than Obama care or single payer!
It's better than what you came up with which was nothing!!
SENATOR, DO ALL U CAN TO STOP THE #REPUBLICANS.  IF THEY REALLY WANTED TO HELP, THEY WOULD HELP THE MIDDLE -CLASS LOWER THEIR RATES.

Well at least their trying to do something rather than sit on their ass all day and just criticize the POTUS like you do....
Okay clown, what did you do besides nothing when it was known that the ACA was a complete failure?
Anything is better than ACA. Haven't afforded insurance since ACA. #RepealAndReplace
You must be quiet! NOW!
Stop being a drama queen.  You and your colleagues wrecked the whole system for 10% of the population to gain power. #singlepayer?
Repeal and replace. I've got no insurance thanks to the 400% increase of premiums under Obamacare.
Senator Rand Paul agrees that it won't work. Any bipartisan plans for a complete overhaul of ObamaCare? Everyone knows it's needed
so why are you actively fighting against #MedicareForAll ? How much funding did your campaign receive from big pharma/insurance?
I say if they are going to try & pass this every politician including Don the Con they have it too.We are tired of footing the bill.
Lol trying to coin a phrase?
Where are Merkowski and Collins?
Kaiser plan for myself $1474/mo. Dental is $74/mo, full benefits received if my Dentist has that particular contract w/Dental. Ridiculous.
You are still jawboning.  Do something productive. Give up Senate/Congress exemption to ACA .(OPM rule 78 Fed. Reg. 60653-01) CC  @POTUS
Nothing will EVER be worse The ur beloved obama care
I look forward to having Chuck Schumer sign onto single payer. Let's go Chuck we need you.
Yes. But, maybe you should have worked with @SenSanders on his bill. #nystateofhealth offers little.
You got to pass it to see what's in it, remember?
Where's your plan to help out Chucky
This is not good news. Haven't they had enough of trying to cheat the people so they can help their family & friends with more of OUR money?
You Sir and your agenda are Done ! Eyes wide open thanks to outsourcing, American Pride is Steamrolling all your efforts
Why don't you just shut your mouth quit tweeting and start to work WITH the GOP to make a better bill Chuckie. Maybe you're not smart enough
Let's speak up and demands better bill
OBVIOUSLY... dumb leadership = dumb decisions #MedicareForAll is the right path and you know it
Stop them!!!!
Why does the GOP hate doing the right thing and taking care of the people? #Trumpcare #repealandreplacethegop
Ok.   hands on deck!  Will the GOPers start at nothing to make the lives of the poor and middle class more miserable?

Ho,d meetings with the republicans and convince them not to vote for it
And #Obamacare was a hoax by #Democrats that costs us billions.

You forgot "In searching for a viable solution to a imploding solution."
Americans better pay attention!Get involved Make that call! Don't let GOP take our healthcare away! We must stand up & fight! Call-CALL-CALL
I'm sure you read the bill....
If u r against it, we need 2 hurry up & PASS IT! Thank u Chuckie for the obstructionism & resistance! U make us STRONGER & more DETERMINED!
Jam these bastards
REALITY CHECK: GOP Trying To Run Another Replacement For Obamacare Through That is Even Worse Than The Last. Must be Stopped!
Liar! How about proposing something that works for Us? Insurance is not care! $1500 premium & $8k deductible, I have ins but no healthcare.
Getting Healthcare Right http://lagomhouse.org/?page_id=620 
The plans from @gop kill more people and @SenateMajLdr and @SenateGOP will go down w numbers on healthcare.  #TheResistance #trumpcarekills
Dear SenSchumer, thanks for your honest voice and having our backs!
and you're back with that same clown makeup!!!...

Warning. It s a thread about the current state of healthcare insurance and its bleak future. It's very blunt. Crude. And it's our story ..
GREED KNOWS NO END
@EM4G4   Please stop them!
REPEAL ACA (OBamcare) then get the Government out of our healthcare all together.
Rrpeal & Replace Obamacare. It's like having no healthcare at all.
This is not a drill. Failing Obama Muslim care is about to go under. Chuck says he needs your hard earned money to fix it. Pay up citizens!
My reps will NEVER vote for it. What other steps? GOP back door dealings are reprehensible. 45 providing cover with outrageous behavior.
Surprise!
But still better than Obamacare
This is like telling a waiter your chicken is burnt and all the chef does is scrape the burnt pieces off.
My senators are against it. @PattyMurray patty and just @SenatorCantwell maria. What else can we do to help.  I tweet like crazy.
you all need to drag out some archaic blocking mechanism against these pirates and be one step ahead of them till 2018!
A  by any other name is still . Flush it and FORGET IT! Jeeez. How many times are we going to regurgitate the same ? #SaveACA
we demand single payer
what can we do
You're worse
Then give us what you have?
Why can't he be stopped? He is ruining our country what can we as citizens do??
Not any worse than yours
If you feel the need to pay high premiums, by all means go for it. The rest of us should be freed from #Obamacare.
Keep resisting attempts to take affordable health care away.
If it keeps getting worse it will soon be as bad as Obamacare! Or, it will be Obamacare but just sucking up more taxpayer $'s.
What's your plan Chuck ????
All you do is get in the way  show us what you got
Wtf is their problem?
It sure as hell is NOT as bad as obamcare which mor than 60% of Americans doNOT want & NEVER wanted YOU keep it 4urselves & stay out of ours
Chuck, this sounds silly. How much fluff can you fit in a tweet? Maybe you should put this much effort into drafting Schumercare.
#GrahamCassidyBillKILLS
Unless you fail infinitely it's not a fail they'd say...
If it gets rid of Obamacare it's worth it
Why don't you pass it, so we can see what's in it?
Time to fight against
Do your jobs Congress and kill the bill.
We'll see how ppl vote once deaths start occurring in his base.
Gotcha so does this mean you want us to like trump but not the GOP keep it up you will lose all credibility #TheResistanceIsMadOnline
Demand great healthcare for every American as Trump promised not WORSE healthcare - we want the same FREE GREAT healthcare u get @SenSchumer
no surprise...Trump played you to distract from what Graham was doing behind your back...you can't rely on "traitor" McCain  this time
DonCare?
I oppose Obamacare & even I think this is stupid Wrong way to replace Obamacare GOP should use Federal employee system to insure everyone
People will die. Is that their intention?
The #GOP are Pathetic ! It's Time to Drive Them  Out of Office !
Why don't u go back and kiss #trump's ass more & get nothing in return again.
Yeah, it's like they keep thinking the problem is their last plan wasn't awful enough.
Well don't leave us hanging. How is it worse?
If your Democrat do you really want prick to be the leader of your party
Not near as bad as THE one you and OBAMA'S care .
You can text the word "resist" to 50409 and send a fax or ten to your legislators expressing your outrage over Graham/Cassidy
Chuck don't you have anything nice to say
Unfortunately no visionary or forward thinking offered as alternatives. Both the environment & healthcare on the hit list. Sad
What the hell is wrong with them!
It keeps getting worse hoping folks will just give in before it's even more horrifying. Keep calling and fighting!
Its something to start with, you got a better bill?
Good.  Now shut up Chuck.
Can't be worse then obamacare
@TrumpFamilyScam That's right&guess what they're going to do without you because trump used y'all to make them mad so they would
Repeal Obamacare please. I want care connect back!!!  Please
what are you doing to help? all you do is attack what is your solution to the disaster your party created???????
. @SenSchumer  Stay the f out of r healthcare Get the hell out of bed with big farm & insurance PACS! We're tired of you lining your pickets
Does that mean Trump doesn't like you anymore, Chuck?
Best plan is true free market.  Almost a century of government involvement has really screwed everything up.
Perfect time to endorse
Anything is better than what Dems passed with corrupt Obamacare.
The GOP has to make it worse in order to get more Republican congressmen on board.  They'll never get their support if it's improved.
Can't be half as bad as what we have now
SAY NO
Senator, why are your @GOP colleagues so evil? Is every one of them on the take?
Obama care is imploding..You OWN it.
Work with Rs on a Repeal & replace and be a Hero.
@realDonaldTrump wants to deal.
Forget politics, make it happen!
