Thank you Corey
trying to check on our 97 year old Great Grandma who is staying with cousins in Guayana. They have no generator and are running out of food
Sen. Booker we need to get US Puerto Rican's mobilized to protest and march on NYC and EWR until that aid is moving.
Thank you for this Senator, its worth reminding/informing ppl that the residents of Puerto Rico are American citizens
No there not us citizens or Puerto would be a state
Sen Booker my husbands family is in PR and still have no food water or electric but Trump does not care
There is a lot of people willing to go help but is no planes going to the island please help to fix this we need planes to go there!
@CoryBooker who's taking care of him?

#DontEverVoteDemocrat
Howard/Ivy League/Stanford/Cal. Only 10 African American senators in US history. Would love to see more & from different trains of thought.
How can we expect change in Washington if everyone comes from the same academic background. People only know what they are taught.
Someone needs to get a group together&organize this mess... WH can't be trusted. US COMFORT is not on its way, it's 9 days out! Too late!!

Over 10K sets of Boots on the ground in #PuertoRicoRelief efforts sent by #Trump it is a huge disaster & will be handled huge effort needed
I am convinced Trump had no idea Puerto Rico was a US territory before this disaster
Funny, congress and WH can work 24/7 over a wknd to put together multi B $ "relief" for big banks, but won't do the same for CITIZENS.
No. We actually take care of illegal immigrants more than our vets...
Already there.. how do you not know this.? Work much? Where are you?
Its all about the Trump bashing, people see through it now...

Oh except the brainwashed ones
This is a good tweet!
@CoryBooker do people actually believe your s**t
AND the American thing to do would be to reach out to all the island nations that have been ravaged. Suspend #JonesAct
Thank you Senator! Maybe you can get Trump to repay the millions owed to PR for his bankrupt golf course!

Thank you for showing leadership and the responsibility and morality. Your voice it's urgently needed during these times: Thank you.
https://youtu.be/OcJqjgB4tyQ 
Do something!! He's not fit for office. Seriously something is truly wrong with him.
Yes it does
Why can't we Air drop the supplies.
@CrowleyMaritime container leg enough to feed 2 million sitting on the port in PR. No truck driver or trucks avail to move containers
Cory How much money water and food did u send to that territory? My quess would b none of the above
Who said no? Why are you playing this game making it look like America isn't taking care of other Americans? Stop your bullshit!!!
Jones Act passed by Woodrow Wilson he was a Democrat yes you Democrats keep making it worse and worse for the country
Senator, it is good to see that someone is looking out for the citizens of Puerto Rico even if top leadership is slow to respond.
Reduce our taxes ... Keep state and local tax deduction. Add 80/20 health care paid for employers
Yes, its sad when the @NYGovCuomo brought a plane full of supplies last week and @realDonaldTrump seemed to not have heard about PR til Mon.
Phony Booker. 3 massive efforts going on at one time, bigger and better than ever before. Such divisive and hateful lies you spread. Sick
Please do something! People are dying
THANK YOU, Sen Booker,for being our voice in the Congress. 
As you said, This is a moral test for the Congress and the nation.
God bless you
Help is on the way senator, RELAX; or will you turn this into a racial issue too, like ur colleagues always do
See this for exactly what it is..take off your blind fold it is RACIAL
Or at least we're supposed to....
Yes sir!
Trump's dragging his Chronic Foot Spurs because he believes these  folks to be foreign, Hispanic and against him.
Thank you, thank you, thank you. We must help them, they are citizens and deserve all stops pulled out to save.
https://www.gofundme.com/dy9qef-hurricane-irma-assistance …
Light on the unjust treatment of the most vulnerable of us in American society, HELL NAW! CAN'T have that!
Stop making this into another division!!  Of course we take care of Puerto Rico.
wow! take care of our own! isnt that what @POTUS has been saying all along but you want to take care of illegals & refugees.
It appears PR has not been forgotten
Yeah! When know that! FEMA is on top of it! But thanks for the heads up! Without it, we might have forgotten! You are so smart!
Lifting the Jones Act would be a good start. Thanks for taking the lead, @SenBooker!
The same way Colin Kaepernick was taken care of?!! I don't believe a word ANY of you say! Kaep's being blackballed and for what?
Besides Shannon Sharpe, who is defending Colin Kaepernick for excercising his 1st amendment rights? Not the coward NFL owners!
Thank you, Senator Booker!  I'm proud that you are my Senator.  Thank you for trying to help my family on the island, our fellow citizens!
We put a man on the moon once...
This is demonstrably untrue. But it's a nice and completely empty thought we share to make ourselves feel good.

We are watching people die.
Keep your loudmouth off twitter.
cory, you live off taxpayers, send your salary to help.
Oh, and countdown before Trump and his scavenger developer friends become acutely concerned with “rebuilding that island paradise”.
Trump is sending aid quit lieing
Political grandstanding at its finest
Puerto Ricans don’t vote in swing states. Why are we tiptoeing around the real reason Trump is letting them drown?
Thank you!!!!
Thank you Cory!! 
Please pressure the DHS on the Jones act!
I agree, the Jones Act needs to be addressed and now...
Called your office to ask you to help PR and USVI. Please act on it ASAP.
What are you doing about the Equifax debacle
Good job, but while you're here, why were the Trumps hosting a fund raiser for you? Just want that cleared up.
have you personally donated to help #PuertoRico
The White House Is Not Ignoring Puerto Rico http://www.nationalreview.com/corner/451757/white-house-not-ignoring-puerto-rico …
Sen. Booker! Saw you on Chris Hayes! You are SO Awesome! I stand with You All the Way! Thank You for Your Words on Puerto Rico & NFL!
When someone tells you that you aren’t as patriotic as you should be-it says more about their patriotism than yours. TY Sen. Booker!!!
Thanks. Why can't we use helicopters to access areas w no roads? Drop food and water on a line? Is it possible?  We have to get supplies in.
Thank you, Senator Booker! Keep it going. PR needs help ASAP.
Thank You!
For too long Puerto Rico has been treated as second class citizens. Commit to rebuilding this beautiful
Island fog today & future!
Flint
Booker 2020!
I'm with you Cory Booker
Don't forget the US Virgin Islands they too need all our help
Thank you!
I called your office yesterday to thank you for all that you are doing.  But I was on hold for forever and had to go.
So thank you for all that you are doing!
Same here! 30 minutes. Thank you Senator Booker!
Send the USNS COMFORT to Puerto Rico!
They finally are!    I don't know why they didn't send her & have her sit off-coast until she could go in. Use copters to lift elderly out.
