It is NOT a right! Itshould be made affordable by congress doing their job for the people, and not special interest groups!
High costs r due to lobbyists who protect big pharma and pay DEM & GOP in congress to legislate in THIER  (not our) favor. Bernie talks about it a lot.  You should too Senator, especially if you plan to run.  Harris/Booker 2020???
It's a right
Not a right a choice if u want to pay!
Be glad when he memorizes the Bill of Rights! He's still getting it wrong!
Congress Dem & GOP should be ashamed not to give citizens the same Healthcare that they due to us voting them into a position where deny us.
Please show us where in in Constitution we can find that healthcare is a right.
Just checked #COTUS - Nothing in there about health care being a right or a federal responsibility. #SmallGovVA11
It's there, ya boneheaded 1% lackey. Whole purpose of our govt includes "...promote our general welfare." Which word was too big for you?
See
Bwahahaha! So it's "plain English" & "no interpreting" when it suits the right wing, but a link to obscure propaganda when it doesn't? SMH
So how would you define the purpose of the 10th Amendment and the specification of powers in #COTUS?
That question has been definitively answered by courts more times than one can easily count. Read a little bit, ok? https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&as_sdt=3,31&q=%22promote+the+general+welfare%22+%22tenth+amendment%22&scisbd=2 …
Actually I read quite a bit. So do you hold a Hamilton or Monroe interpretation of general welfare? Obviously not Madison.
It's not.
Medicare for ALL is needed but its not FREE!! It costs money. Come Onnnnn Now!!! Stop It!! 
Physicians, Prescriptions, Xrays. Apply Logic.

By the way... What is your stand on Congressional Term Limits?
Why do Canadians
 (with money) come to U.S. for major medical?
Thanks Senator. The time is now for Medicare for All! According to SCOTUS, healthcare is a privilege, but it should and needs to be a RIGHT!
WRONG!!
RIGHT !
The constitution has been amended and interpreted differently many times. It is time to get it right on healthcare. @SCOTUSblog #mc4a
Always on the back of the working middle class! We're sick of it! We can't afford our own ins and you want us to pay for everyone #noway
The amount saved in premiums and copays is more than tax increase... You're arguing for 1% insurance parasites, not for middle class.
Sure don't.  I started working in the 80's. If you wanted insurance you got a job, and even then they took the funds for insurance out of your paycheck.
It is not a right and something that the government has any business attempting to manage.
Our government is a bunch of incompetents.
Healthcare may not be a "Right";but it IS a "contractual obligation" between government and its citizens - and a moral obligation of leaders
My healthcare under bush cost me $1190 annually. Now cost me more than that each month. Thanks Cory Booker.. yours is free....
Using language like this is not helping your case. Words have meanings and they are important.
Morals, compassion, words
So that's the thing, it doesn't have to be a "right" for it to be a moral imperative.
Human rights
I still think it's an unhelpful twisting of language to call healthcare a human right. Sorry.
I live in Canada,it is a right.So is voting,freedom from religion,and hate speech.USA worlds greatest democracy! In name only.
How much are you paying in taxes???
The price is for 90 tablets. Seniors from the US come and buy meds here. Google the tax comparison.
Everything is a right if you pay for it.
From the left point of view so is education welfare food stamps but who is going to pay for all of it?
You would borrow an extra $32 TRILLION$
You seek to murder the US economy
I'm all for universal healthcare but right now we need to focus our energy on stopping #GrahamCassidyDeathBill Call, email, tweet, fax!
No.  You are not entitled to the labor of others.  Ever. Not one single time. A right is only a right when it doesn't infringe on another's
So is medicine Booker. Wish we could buy our meds cheaper in Canada. Oh wait you voted against us. SMDH.
Fraud/racist Booker takes bribes from big Pharma mostly from his state of NJ businesses to fund his candidacy
And it will follow you. Your career is toast.
NO! I am now on Medicare, no  prescription coverage, have to get a supplemental plan to cover all that Medicare does not! $$$$$$$$
.Recheck choices on Advantage Plans. Many of ours have "0" monthly premiums for 2018 and have lowered 
total out of pocket copays including prescription drugs. Some cut back down to $3600. from $6700.
#MedicareForAll BUT for now you must fight to squash another attempt to trash the ACA! We NEED the ACA while working on #MedicareForAll
Sorry Cory, health care is not a right. I don't believe that it is in our Bill of Rights. Maybe you should read it.
We either begin raising the lower & middle classes up again, this being part of that, or it will end up being taken by violence. #ItsThatBad
No one has a right to someone else's labor. That is called slavery. Ask nurses, doctors, hell even the janitors if their labor is your right
If it's a right, who provides it?
Everyone
So according to you everyone is a provider and everyone is a consumer. I am unaware of any example that resembles your model.
Yep. Everyone who participates in the earning & spending of money. Unless we expect children, seniors & the disabled to pay taxes
You have seriously not given any thought to this. Do your research and bring something intelligent to the table, please.
Mhmm.
You see the privilege of driving is allowed with a license and a car. No license, no car, no usage. Not exactly like healthcare.
Okay, well my "license" is my birth certificate and my "car" is my human body. 
Where is that in the Constitution? Since you claim it's a right, where is it? Or did you just make that up?
It's a human right, it doesn't have to be in the constitution to be a right, if you have a moral compass
It does have to be in the Constitution to be a right. Health insurance is a privilege, not a right.
That's why lawmakers are trying to make it a law/right. How awesome would it be to get an amendment guaranteeing healthcare for all?
Who is going to pay for it Squeaky? You?
Go blow your "true gospel of Jesus" somewhere someone will believe your hateful rhetoric
The ACA is almost broke. It is self imploding. Socialism doesn't work. It never has & never will. Venezuela is a great example of that.
Venezuela isn't like the US at all.
I don't believe anyone has the right to demand doctors work for them....which is what that is.  Or nurses or hospital janitors.
you don't understand universal health care at all.
I don't like what I've seen around the world or even with Obamacare.  Any chance you have unrealistic ideas of how fabulous it will be?
It certainly can't be worse than the direction we are heading. And if you'd been in an er lately you would see we already have univ. HC
took my son to ER last month. It was horrific. Next time i will drive back to Canada-it'll be faster
I am sorry you had a bad experience.  The last time I took my son to the er we could not have asked for better service.
How about the people who don't want healthcare? Is it really a right if you have to force it on people?
Yes because if you get sick, die or get injured someone has to pay the bill when you can't, won't or don't
Thus proving my point.
I can argue with stupid, so I won't
I'm stupid because I presented an alternative view? Are you saying it's unfair that you would have to pay for people who don't want care?
Everyone will need care sooner or later
And you're going to be the one to tell them when they need care?
Hate to break it to you but it's not
Please show me where in the Constitution where it says that it is a right.
How are you paying for this? You should be defending the ACA...
And as everyone is talking about this they are bringing back round 2 of Trump Don't Care. Call!
So this will Save us $15 TRILLION  over 10 years. That's 15 MILLION, MILLIONS. Umm who wouldn't want that?

Dear @CoryBooker get real! Don't buy this BS campaign, we have a Republican Congress. PLEASE Work Hard to #SaveACA #AmericaThanksYou
Then focus on saving the ACA. Not Sanders ego trip.
Cory, you are not helping. GOP is trying to kill ACA and you're going on about Medicare for all. Get out of the Independent's pocket!
@KamalaHarris but the ACA isn't safe. Please please please don't put on the attention on #Medicareforall yet. We're terrified here
I'd like to ask @GOP (who get FREE health care) WHY they   don't want ALL Americans to have GOOD AFFORDABLE health care? Pls RT
Medicare for all Americans, protect preexisting conditions for the sick !
The Supreme Court called it a tax!
ONLY IF YOU "EARNED " IT.
Retweet if you think Cory lied at T-Bone was a made-up person.
Freedom is a right too and I wish to be free from single payer

Yes!
You finally revealed the truth about yourself: You are a Communist/Socialist, no longer a democrat. #ComradeBooker #BookerIsASocialist
You know that's not going to work doctors get played for insurance they are not running clinacs old people don't have a chance @CoryBooker
I agree! Enslave all doctors, surgeons and nurses! It is our right to their services!
No. It is an individual responsibility, not a right.
You are using wrong terminology, health care is available to everyone, health INSURANCE you purchase neither is A RIGHT.
even illegals are using us healthcare to multiple and replenish this country at our expense.
it would b a right of the recipients are legal and paying for services.x
Nope it's a service
not a right that gov't needs to supply it
I don't think healthcare is a right. But I do think it's esential for the US government to ensure that all of its citizens have healthcare.
@jimdigs it's not
RT if you believe no one has a right to your life, liberty, or property.
No, not a right. No matter how many times you Bernie bots try and say it is. I'd you think it's a right, you don't understand them.
That healthcare for all is even a topic in America in 2017 when other countries have provided it to their citizens as a given defies logic.
It is our right!
In the Netherlands....affordable full coverage healthcare $120/mo $400 /yr deductible .     ( dr visits are 100% covered)
Wrong
UnitedHealth care insurance stock went up 600% since Obamacare! So again the government needs to stay out of healthcare!
Nothing that other ppl have to pay for is a RIGHT.  Not that we should not try to provide but it is not a RIGHT.
Healthcare a right? Im all for healthcare. It is a benefit not a right. Not in consitution  2 make it a right.but need to repeal and replace
Only 30 million full time workers in America in a population of over 300 million not enough ppl paying taxes to pay for a 400+ billion plan
I work 60 hours per week and am middle class don't care where my taxes go but, we have to be realistic about this. Not enough revenue
Don't tax the individual directly for healthcare place small taxes on products and services including National Marijuana legalization
That would generate the revenue required plain and simple.
"...until every American has a basic security that comes with having access to affordable healthcare..." -Cory Booker <-weasel
Say it with me, universal, single payer, no copays, no out-of pocket, no deductible, no pre-quals. Not this doublespeak crap, Booker.
@LadyGwendolynB uhh yup, look up Canada.
@choo_ek @Loud_Lass @Briankmcneal @ProgressOutlook @Lilyachttty @LiberalResist @michaelhallida4 @mmpadellan
@RealLucyLawless Does a person who spent $200K in student loans and 11-15 yrs of life to be a doc have a right not to be a slave

agreed
I'll reread it, but I'm pretty sure that our founding document didn't say, "life, liberty & the pursuit of happiness, if you can afford it."
It certainly should be in any civilized society, particularly one that tries to ride the high horse of morality and human rights.
Who's paying for it? Who's paying the proposed 32 TRILLION it would cost. Health care is not a right. What's next? Mortgages. Car insurance?
Mediocre for all
It is? I don't remember seeing that in the constitution…
2020!
One of the biggest lies ever told
Healthcare is deserved right in every nation. Happy to RTweet.
Who would be paying for the right? Doctors, researchers, insurers, pharmacists, nurses, distributors, etc. have a desire to be paid.
Is it though? Don't remember reading that in the Constitution. But, liberals threw that in the trash years ago. Free market!
Richest country it has to be a right. No tax cuts but raise on the 1% to fair share & use to erase poverty, improve infrstre, education.
YOU GOWING TO PAY FOR IT ASS WIPE ????
It will never be affordable as long as government is involved.
Health care is not a right it's a paid for service.
Must have missed that amendment.
I believe it should be affordable
Technically, it's neither a right nor a privilege, but a service.
In fact, this free healthcare B.S. just proves how LAZY, IGNORANT, AND SELF-CENTERED DEMOCRATS ARE.
And even though I've read it several times, I cannot find the clause that says "You get free shit!"
How much are You willing to give? How much money you slapping down on the #MedicareForAll Table?
Funny i told you at dinner that night when OCare was implemented that the Governement can't run our Health plans and alas i was RIGHT!
Stinks like another taxpayer funded handout to Bookers welfare brothers and sisters
ITs NOT A RIGHT
I hope that you truly do, Cory. Fight for it until it happens and you'll be believed. Your rep will benefit more from it than status quo.
that same "right" was used to push the most expensive health care plan, pushing people into being without! Hypocrite
If you don't believe this then you believe some ppl don't have the right to live. To have health care is necessary to live.
Cory when you join us on our plans and not have your own special plan you may be able to comment
I think you ran into too many burning buildings.
This is the same as saying auto insurance is a right and I need it for free
If you're a member of a race of parasites, of course you'd think this.
@HouseDemocrats @SenateDems Do it on yours Bernie's, Liz's and Kamala's dime. Tax payers are fed up with the two-faced Obamacare Congress.
Is having a car a "right"? Having a house a "right". U liberals kill me.
So the Meth head walks in w/ no teeth and says... 
"Fix me, health care is a RIGHT dammit!"  
(Oh and hurry up, my dealer is waiting)
RIGHT!
I'd RT but I don't want you to run for Pres. School vouchers are a bad, bad choice as we've seen in Ohio and you're not for pharma-reform.
A Right???  So if true, can I get all my money back I paid in already?  You know what kind of Doctors your going to get
Who going to pay for it
So you think they should have it given to people. While we over pay for some people to get it free! Seemswrong to me!
What would t bone say about this? Corey booker is corrupt
@CoryBooker supporting this OBVIOUS propaganda ploy from BS is NOT in your best interest.  There is NO way this will end well for those who
might be thinking of running for President in 2020.  It will benefit BS.  His fans will NOT vote 4 you & will resent that you run aganst him
Well why don't we all have access to insurance that want kill us if it is a right.Some people get free medical!
get a grip....a privledge
"Access to affordable health care?"

NO! "Every American deserves HEALTH CARE."

Not "access to affordable" you shouldn't pay for it.
Name one program the government has ever created and ran efficiently? The answer would be none. Stop trying to take over healthcare.
No it's not a right, who's paying for it? I can't afford any more taxes out of my check
Wrong!
Hell no!!!!
I am SO a happy you agree with @SenSanders! #MedicareForAll
It's not a right if it's mandatory.  It's required
As an independent, I look to quality people like you to fill a void in today's gov't. But FULL STOP - this proposal is idiocy in reality. 
And taking millions from big pharma to vote down re- importing cheaper Rx drugs is your right I guess.
We will remember this and we will remember your unethical immoral ties to big pharma.
I appreciate that you came around on this
WE don't trust you #Kamala or #Booker!
WE Don't Believe a single word you say!
#NEVERKAMALA
#NEVERBOOKER
#NoHillaryClones!
#NoDNCsellouts!
@CoryBooker are you still waiting to get paid off again by #BigPharma?
#NeverBooker!
Got your back
All I beg, is that if you do this..please take the time to do it right..
Healthcare is not a right. Show me where it is written in our constitution that healthcare is listed. Is it next to freedom of speech?
Where was the outrage at drug prices when an import bill was brought to you and you did't endorse it?
So is working and paying taxes
YES, A RIGHT.  GOOD LUCK.
If you keep wasting Trillions on idiotic regime changes and needless wars, how are you going to fund #HealthCare?
You're splitting the party on an unachievable bill, why don't you fix and strengthen ACA. Get unified or you'll fail. Find a leader Asap
Thank you for supporting #MedicareForAll
Start with voting for drug importation.

Seriously though. What about your Wall Street donors? Is this likely a real event or are you gassing up the electorate?
Can you tell us where we find healthcare declared as a Right?
You and Kamala must live in another http://country.You  support Sanctuary Cities against our laws.
You support an illegal Dacca executive order.And,now you declare healthcare as a Right.It's time for you to move out of the US.
Didn't expect much from you, but I'm extremely impressed by this! Proud that you represent my state!
How much have you put up to pay for all the freeloaders? Put up or shut up!
#
The money for the wall should go towards healthcare for all I'm with you Cory we need healthcare for everyone
Yet Trump wants to spend billions for a freaking wall that will serve no purpose and tax breaks for the rich give me a break
No it isn't.
Difference between them and us.  It's a right NOT a privilege @gop lie and trash any system that is more efficient than theirs. DISGUSTING
I've tweeted you in the past, but again, you need to run in 2020.
No, working People  Needs AFFORDABLE  INSURANCE. WELFARE NEEDS LESS AND ILLEGALS. 
Anything Cory Booker says isn't worth RT. Backstabbing big spending liberal imbedded in the senate taking care of himself.
I believe we should have universal health care but no it is not a right! It is not freedom of speech or religion.
Are you saying Healthcare is a right?
I agree the time is now health care for all thank you senator
Studying the Bill of RIGHTS. Nope, not in there.
Thank You sir...
also internet. can't very well find a job without the internet
RT if you believe Cory booker is just doing this to run for president in 2020
