Fact:  Common Core, massive federal intervention, and teacher's unions are destroying public education!  Time for vouchers!
Talk, that's about all they can do, they lost and have little power
Power is what you have, but we have the truth.
Truth Dems can't handle the truth! Plus they wouldn't know truth if it bit them in the a...
Time with tell. Trump has surprises for everyone, some you might not like. Won't say I told you so.
Then when he follows thru and becomes one of our best Prez I promise I won't say I told YOU so. Lol
We already see that can't happen. Already lost in the Twilight Zone. Look at cabinet. DeVos. Why???
Why to stop liberal agenda of innocent kids of course!Do you want kids talking back to parents and protests
If being liberal means their brains work and they can think straight, everyone should be liberal
having fun yet? This is so childish when you have an x president that doesn't have a birth certificate and denied God! Americans?
@suzannede4 doing what they do best, whining!
Whatever flavor you like-she is an unqualified lobbyist-DRAINING THE SWAMP! THIS SEAT IS NOT FOR SALE.
yeah because you all have done such a great job in the last 8 years start with inner cities numbers that you all ignored great job
@POTUS Devos will get in, sorry teachers and their greedy unions, your day of reckoning is here
yawn, another ignorant teacher basher who would likely die from stress after one day in the classroom.
Enjoy! Betsy won!
Rep ignore constituents to vote Dingbat Devos--vote em out in 18': Flake, Wicker, Cruz, Fischer, Heller, Corker, Hatch, Barrasso.
@MaddowBlog republicans have no balls. Can't do what's right for country, no one hears the people's voice. Partisan Pol as usual
Corey Booker the new face of liberal white guilt/anti-white narratives coming out of the peace loving liberal propaganda machines!
Why don't you EVER show the other side????????!
another attempt by Demo libs to block the outstanding cabinets that Donald Trump is attempting to put together
Does a great example of IQ deficiency.
@CoryBooker is a great speaker! He real makes you feel human!
waste of time and taxpayer dollars. We need cooperation, unity, and results. Stop the theatrics and get to some real work.
Dem needs to learn with todays Gov. Not yesterdays corruption with agendas to remove the People's Right of Choice!
Thanks Dem! Love you for the effort & feel great that you LISTENED to your constituency.
@MaddowBlog Broken News: GOP Make Education History
bunch of losers wanna keep the failing teacher's union happy
@14News Nancy Pelosi, Elizabeth Warren, Chuck Schumer, keep bitching will vote your ass out next time
Our public school system is falling our children just look at our rankings to the rest of the world We need a change she can do it
I have been all night in support of their efforts. Now if they would only impeach is ass.
correction-watch democrats filibuster because they are powerless due to their failed elitist racist campaigners who lost
Why aren't they speaking out against Ben Carson and his appointment? Both have little experience but we want change not experience!
W that photo, r they trying to have us believe Cory Booker,who publically defended Devos,is heroic defender of pub edu?
keep talking. She's bad for our education. Change isn't bad but ignorance is. Give us a qualified candidate!!
Dems have no interest in helping low income constituents stuck in failing schools Refuse 2 let them choose  Rise up peeps demand it
no one cares what the democrats want. #MAGA
Democrats rioting and burning, along with beating and betraying America. You oppose anyone who disagrees. Sickness.
Don't let the Dems keep pushing their liberal endoctrination of our kids! Otherwise we get protests like we have now. Vote DeVoss!
DeVos taut me en3lish and hou two tipe. I learnt soo muwch... w3 n33d herr as edumuwcation secitary #phonics
stalling
It's a legitimate political maneuver. They're just doing their jobs. The people they work for want this.
@CoryBooker proves that liberals aren't whining. We are grateful for the privilege we have, and prepared to work for what we don't.
Of course; dems don't want Americans to be educated which would make it harder to keep their control over the poor people. #Butch52
What, of her platform, makes you think that she will improve the current state of education on the whole?
I hope every person who votes for her is voted out in their next election. Our children's education doesn't matter to her or Dump
Who's crying?
Well, objectively that's not true. You may have a distorted view of the world.
What I see is civic engagement. Just because we have a tradition of laity, doesn't mean it's permanent, or should ve
we are watching and praying that one GOP senator becomes a hero and says NO to DeVos. She is grossly unqualified
@YeaYouRite This is EPIC irony! Cory Booker loves charter schools. Ask his brother! 
I LOVE CORY BOOKER!!!!!
@YeaYouRite but said NOTHING about bombing 7 countries
@MaddowBlog What ever democrats have to say People are just tired of hearing get over it.Its over Mrs Devos is an Excellent choice
She has a high school education, never had a job. She is a wealthy sofa cushion.
Why  we do not want a repeat of what is going on in schools today we want that gone!
BRAVO!! Fight the GOOD FIGHT!!
#holdthefloor education matters...this matters
I'm a republican and I will proudly speak out against her.  She is utterly unqualified
what is it you don't like about her
fuck democrats.
that's proof she's immensely qualified
What is. That she is dumb as a stick? Couldn't even answer quedtions

KEEP GOING DEMS!!  THANK YOU!!! #nodevos
No tks waste of time
#holdthefloor
@SenBookerOffice Preach Cory! #holdthefloor #DeVosvote #voteno #ChildrenMatter
.
I'll just imagine the whining and vaginal slosh.
DEMS: "She doesn't share our views, we like being near the bottom on education. RESIST!
@MaddowBlog @NBCNews No thanks.I think we all have seen enough of communist democrats. The masks are off. Full display for the world to view
hey look at that the Democrats showed up to work I'm glad you have a video of it
Showing what assholes the DEMS truly are. Assuring generations of GOP voters who don't want to be like them. Horrible role models.
How's that? I believe they're following biblical model of compassion for their neighbor. Does that make them assholes?
GO DEMS!!!
// Dems haven't worked this hard in years... They must be really afraid of something...
Yes, afraid our students will be as ignorant as Trump appointees.
@MaddowBlog thanks for the heads up 
Today DeVos tomorrow some other nominee. This is all a game but the ppl will remember #2018! #draintheswamp  #MAGA
@MaddowBlog so proud of you @CoryBooker America is watching you guys fight for our kids!!!!!
Betsy DeVos is not the right person for the job!hope enough senators recognize!Anyone who votes 4 her should get opponent donation!
#noDevos
Devos plagiarized her questionnaire for nomination. What message does that send to kids? (that she's never taught)
keep up the good work Dem!!
From the dumb guy in the senate !
bedwetters aren't my thing! Bahaha MAGA # you are Fake News!
putting it work - I like it. I'm down with Mattis and a few others, but DeVos gotta go.
Just ONE republican to come through for the educational future of our country. Be a star!
#YouAreFakeNews
Devos's response: "I support accountability"
Oh no! The Teachers Unions aren't going to have their puppet in control for the 1st time in 30 years. Sad!
you are sad
= #fakenews  @CoreyBooker is #fakeAmerican
@MaddowBlog  Go Dems!!
@MaddowBlog keep going dems
