@kerrywashington @CoryBooker @allinwithchris speak it and tell it! Thank you Senator Cory Booker!
there must be a lot of Trumpsters with smirks on their faces right now & probably the same ones with preexisting conditions #AHCA #NoTOAHCA
Unfortunately they can and they did.  Which is why we need #Booker4President2020
#NoToAHCA #AHCA Contact your Senators now!!! It's no longer an option.
Gropenfuhrer Shitforbrains and the Repugnicants will never understand how to Make a Nation great!
Did you think 'genital mutilation' should be covered in YOUR plan and did u discuss it at your meeting the other day with muslim leaders?
You seem proud of your big word, craven. Its a fail. So many have died, lost homes, lost business, from obamacare. How heartless can u be?
How do we stop the runaway trump train? This administration is going to destroy our country 
Please continue to have the courage of your convictions. As a cancer survivor don't make me a victim, my grandson was born w a genetic issue
I'm so fucking done being a Republican. Where I come from, so many folks who voted for Trump are going to be harmed by this, and they...
... don't even know it! Terrible.
Love you Cory keep up the good work Paterson  via  N Myrtle Beach  SC
I'm not American but I have so much respect for @CoryBooker.
Thank you Senator Booker.
HOW DARE REPUBLICANS USE "AMERICAN"
IN THE NAME FOR DESTRUCTIVE,PUNITIVE
RISKY AND ANTI-AMERICAN HEALTH PLAN.
THE BILL WILL KILL AMERICANS
Really want to know how to get the republicans to listen.  They don't care about 60% that did not want this.  It is such a disgrace
It hurts everybody!
PLEASE RUN 2020
We need to depend on you to help us. To bad 'we the people' don't get to vote. This is a said day for the USA.
Stop the Rhetoric and speak some facts.
"Let's stop playing politics " are you for real Booker that's all you know and do you big Pharma phony!!!
If abortion is murder, this is definitely involuntary-manslaughter
How do U sleep w/ UR melodramatic lies, saying people will DIE is careless & irresponsible. Where was UR passion when ACA rammed down!
We don't care what a racist like u has to say.
This bill cannot stand
Says a liberal
AMEN
Sounds like GOP is trying to play God except they're acting like God's arch-rival.
The ambulance, don't make him a victim. We ate your people, we support you now stand for us.
Don't Make him a victim either. My son is a mobile intensive care nurse and due to hours helping others developed clots in his lungs from
Booker is a fkn fraud he sold out US citizens when he did the pharma Co.'s bidding. Look at his $support from them and his votes on drug law
Nothing but deconstruction to build Putin's plutacracy here in the USA. Oppress all they can and dominate. Shameful!!
So now we all must begin the work to Completely DRAIN THE SWAMP IN 2018, IN REALITY, NOT FANTASY!!!!!!
Well then stop it in the Senate
Some say dismantel the constitution, I say there is the ones who need TGTFO, of are USA, they are the ones who rip are moral fiber apart
We are REALLY depending on you.  This is deplorable. Truly deplorable.
We want pre-existing conditions covered, we want lower co-pays.
NO HEALTH CARE FOR ILLEGALS! It will save $ to cover Americans
@SpeakerRyan
There would be a lot more available  for government healthcare if people that are not citizens weren't getting it for free.
sad day for americans #healthcare
I am saddened by whats going on & praying for a miracle. As long as Trump is president I believe our country is at risk in all areas of life
Thank you Senator Booker. Continue to fight for our rights.
Well get evetyone not to vote it in dont cave in on the dumb dumpster man up
Comey shld be charged for violating  Hatch Act, y doesn't someone DO this? He did it to throw election, it worked, Hillary shld have won.
bill keeps crashing and burning just like trump will do  because he's unstable, unfair, he lies, cheats,  steals political  seats (Comey)

27 Public schools in his district have lead levels that in the water that dogs would die from. Where is the outrage?
Will you refund/donate your campaign contributions from health industry?
You'll fix it all when you become prez! Like your dr keep your dr!
Are you going to cry like your Daddy Chucky Schumer? C'mon just a few crocodile tears just for fun.
Utter FAILURE by the soulless @GOP 
We will also not forget to Repeal & Replace GOP in 2018

Deplorable! Shameful!

#Trumpcare
Thank you Cory! I really hope this dog does in the senate. I'm very concerned about the GOPs apparent ability to strong-arm its members.
Correct
Good. Maybe you'd prefer a full repeal and sending health care back to the free market where it was meant to be.

LOL, voting no to bernies pharma bill, was so much worse. You are bought and paid for hypocrite
We need more ethical and responsible senators @CoryBooker
You think we put any weight To what you say you will be voted out next election.
Senator, you are like a clear light shining through the fog of the dismantling of our 
Democracy and Constitution. Thank you.
Well said @CoryBooker
It's not that Obamacare made it affordable, he was giving it away to some people and the people who paid for it were going  broke.
THANK YOU Sen Booker for being the strong voice for all of us low income people who are will lose everything including our health and life.
Terrific and passionate interview, Cory!  It's obvious that the GOP doesn't give a hoot about the need for health care for all!
#Never President Booker
@GOP @HouseGOP If you really care about Americans you'll take a few moments to watch this plea from @CoryBooker .. Don't hand this to DJT ..
You are wrong in your supposition and are killing 320,000,000 AMERICAN's with a failing system that will destroy our medical community.
Nailed it, Sir !!!
"craven"-perfect word for entire GOP & Trump Organization. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @jasoninthehouse @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @DevinNunes
#GOPOUT
#IMPEACH45NOW
#NEWVOTE
#PAPERBALLOTS
It is cruel and wrong for the last administration to give false hope with a bad bill and untenable system. It is evil.

Thank u Senator!!
Traci may I ask what health insurance you have?
What this bill does to Americans, shameful. How the GOP Congress and Pres Dum Dum can live with this, pathetic. And they are crowing a win!
Well said
Thank You Senator, As a populace being "ruled" over by a fascist majority in the branches of
Gov. We need your and all the help and pressure you can gather to stop this criminal action.
you mean Obamacare?
Go away.
This is a man who would make a great president! Thank you Sen. Booker for standing up for those who need you! We all need you.
Thank you for speaking out for us New Jerseyans and all those who rely on the ACA.
#GOP # Equal Access What is happening to this country #So the rust belt states now will now b unemployed & uninsured.
Go 'head on, Senator. 'Craven' is right word; After 30+ yrs self-employed/insured (robbed), am finally on Medicare. Shock @ change.
Your precious Medicaid Expansion is still there for states who chose it except they now have to help more in paying for it.
So glad I have a sane, humane senator. Thank you, @SenBookerOffice !
You can stop lying now. The replace bill is Obamacare lite without Individual Mandates and state opt out if they produce lower premiums.
What happens 2 caring 4 the American people that can not even buy ins today if they don't have a qualifying event? They have 2 wait till Jan
Som1 called me 2day 2 buy ins & w/out a qualifying event he has2 wait till 1/18 b/c of ACA what do u say 2 these poor Ppl that cant buy ins?
Tell them to call their local news channel & see if there is a public service reporter willing to listen to their story.  Make it public
That's why we have a senator and look we can not even get a response from our senator why?
Why does NJ not allow husband & wife businesses to purchase group ins? B4 Ocare all types of biz were aloud to? What's ur plan?
Great talking points on All In. Love to hear from you. Keep fighting the good fight. Americans are behind you!
If we can't stop this health bill, what makes us think we can't stop Trump?
Heartless & uneducated Americans voted for this, the land of privelaged healthcare- Meanwhile Monsato increases rates of cancer x10,000,000
Senator Cory Booker is right he speaks the truth & he speaks for me as an American Thank you!
Thank You @CoryBooker . Spot on! Preventive care is necessary & saves $ in the long run. Ppl use the ER for MD's office w/o it-retired nurse
Sen. are u aware that an ind or a biz with 1 employee has only two health ins opt in NJ & none cover out of state? What's ur plan for 2018?
My 2-year old daughter has a lump in her breast - a "pre-existing" condition.

These @housegop assholes want to throw her to the wolves.
Being born and raised in Germany universal HC is as normal for me as the sun rising in the morning. I can not understand how putting profit
and greed over people does comply with a country that insists like no other western civilization on Judaic-Christian values. It's just wrong
so sad to hear about your daughters fate and I hope that this bill can be stopped for the sake of all of us and your child. I am not moved
easy but this is making me so sad...


 “#VoteNo” by @DeepStateAI
