tired of being portrayed as the bad guy when all I want is you and black people and the media to tell the fucking truth
I'll say it like it is Booker. You're nothing but a black racist like Elija Cummings posing as Congressmen
obstruct, obstruct, obstruct. It's why a once great party is now just the lunatic fringe.
What? Didn't you take money from  big Pharma, too?
how did that work out Cory go away
. Your a sheep with a big mouth.
.77 blacks killed by whites per 100000 9.83 whites killed by blacks / per 100,000
Cory Booker you just go ahead and ignore me too that's what everybody else does but I'll make sure you motherfuckers remember me
with or without your help that lie is going to die black victimization the biggest lie in human history
until you address the straight up facts you're nothing more than a race-baiting huckster and I hope we have the Civil War
mr. Booker you really should talk about black on white crime and hell out of proportion it is and has been in America for ever
your wasting your time!
sad I remember when you were bipartisan and you brought unity now you only divide
he should not be supporting someone who wants to completely get rid of healthcare availability for ALL. Think.
what part of Obama care doesn't work don't you  get  getting rid of healthcare lol smh
I'm sorry I honestly don't understand what you wrote.
black men are 7% of the country and they account for 40% of all murder
I know because I've been called a honky and a Cracker by all of them in the last five years
and that they have been lying about some type of victimization for more than half a God damn century  let's have a public debate
every year as a century we've had more black on white murder than we've had white on black murder look at the pop. disparity
dylann roof in my eyes is a patriot he is a God damned American Hero only because black people won't  address their crime rate
Any one this nut is against is probably a shoe in
@SenateDems behavior by the left is appalling and unacceptable.
if you believe it isn't then let's have a debate in a public forum most civil rights leaders are scared to back up their words
.77 blacks killed by whites per 100,000 9.83 whites killed by blacks per 100,000
having to bring black people up to speed with a math lesson before a debate is aggravating as hell they truly don't get it
could you educate Black America on the concept of per capita population disparity and weighted averages please
countless elderly white people beaten to death by black trash in home invasions. Where are the white on elderly black victims?
liberalisum is a brain disease caused by VD.
thanks for getting our backs and protecting your constituents from the tangerine nightmare and his band of lunatics
@GailBrehm explain this divide you speak of?
Please speak out against Scott Pruitt, the worst polluter and hater of the environment. Him in charge of EPA? So ironic and sick
Booker is a nut case, also racist just listen.
@sharonstone 
Funny how you did the same thing to AG Sessions! Backstabbing is a big trait in yourself isn't.  Remember that Karma is a bitch!
- thank you and vote NO to Price!
thank you
Exactly why President Trump won. Tired of division/ liberals calling everyone racist/ bigots. Wake up Americans no longer fooled
How'd that go?
Used to be an admirer before you joined the herd. Thought you were a free thinker. I was was so wrong.
At least your showing up to work for once. Good job Cory your corporate sponsors should be proud..#Lame
We appreciate you so much for fighting for our healthcare! It is our lives in jeopardy.
Let's NOT forget where your big salary comes from. So show us why you are in that position by being smart an constructive.
strange you don't hear you guys talking about those types of comments. Why is that?
what are your thoughts on Senator Tim Scott who's being ridiculed by liberals?
Going to clean it?
I used to admire you. Not liking how partisan you have become. Dont be caught up in group think and self interest. #DemsUnhinged
thank you for being an advocate for the US children and citizens
is that what your supposed to do vote against every nom.did Republicans vote against y'all for obummer on every nom.
and we care because? Keep playing your games! You are all an embarrassment to our Country!!!! Tom Price will succeed!
more obstruction
don't disappoint us senator Booker fight for what's right!
you've made a political career outta opposing anyone not labeled Democrat...
you go!!
Thank you, thank you!  After last night's debacles at GOP town halls...#resist
you continue to be a #LiberalDomesticTerrorist at your own political demise.  #deplorables rise up and get ready for elections.
Hope you find ur way..you and the democrapic party r finished and it's refreshing to expose you and the likes of how u r fakes
WHY? Becuz a DOC as HHS Sec is a bad thing or becuz UR a Dem partisan hack? Hmmmm...Yup, UR a hack!
Thank you & others for letting world see we in USA oppose the dictatorship kakistocracy being installed.
Because? Let me guess. He's a conservative Republican and opposes Obamacare. Will u vote for any of Trump' nominees?
It figures. You're on American Grandstand.
why was the vote in the middle of the night?
Would like to see u run 4 President!
go talk against yourself
trouble makers you definitely should start to support your president
Better bring some water,  Cory, In case you get thirsty. Don't you own your own water supply in Newark?
I am embarrassed to be a part of The medical community with Tom price. He absolutely is anti-medicine and this is repulsive
your done Booker. We won't forget you voted against Bernies prescription drug legislation. Your a fraud
GOOD LUCK.  PLEASE save us from this lunacy.
You're a Big Pharma SELLOUT
you may have committed career suicide when you testified against a colleague who helped you #back biter
I was worried about deVosse then Sessions,now Price, and the EPA, please stop some of these horrible people.
now what? Our Seniors are doomed
thank you for your hard work and determination. 
democrats can't get over Hillary lost why don't you just get to business and govern this country
thank you
look everyone in headed to the floor to start more unnecessary race bating BULLSHIT
@SenateDems By this time in his tenure Obozo had most his treasonous Cabinet approved! But yall keep fighting & pissing off USA!
oh good luck ..  rooting for that.  Block grants is the kiss of death to taking care of granny!
you voted YES for Sessions - disgusting
sir I would like to know why you would do that instead of creating cohesiveness in our capital
Must see TV.  
Thank you and your staff for your eloquent and passionate advocacy. 
nevertheless, you persist. Thank you Senator Booker, @SenSanders @elizabethforma #sistergiant #theresistance @Action2getherNJ
THANK YOU for standing up for sanity!!! You are very much appreciated
#FAVOR =) BLESSU!
You never get tired of the BS your shoveling. Most don't know the true you from Newark. A sell out and a liar. .
@SenateDems don't care race baiter
wow, when do you sleep?! Thanks for all your hard work. Lucky to call you my Senator.
Dr Price great pic
Thank you!
Please continue to oppose him. I'm 71 & NEED the Medicare we were promised and have paid for. And of course, reproductive rights
Keep it up
@SenateDems keep moving left, the Democratic party will be split in 2 years
Go get 'em Cory!
Good Luck. :)
proud to be one of your constituents
good job!
So do you approve of any of his picks?  #partisangames
Thank you for your hard work, three nights in a row. May your intervention be televised for your words to be heard nationwide.
This is Medicaid It is a constant fight to get people to take care of this person If they cut it He's doomed
dude you're slowly eroding confidence from moderates in you, do not go the way of the lunatics or you won't have a shot at pres
@SpeakerRyan  why not bring a bill for those members who vote to replace ACA should relinquish their government insurance
Keep fighting the good fight Senator!
Preach it Senator.
thank you! I spent the day with my mom in the hospital after a double knee replacement. Only happened because of Medicare.
The NAACP-----gave Jeff Sessions an award

Pictures http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8066672/1/ …
The Democrats are SORE LOSERS

They have protested against every person that Donald Trump have nominated for his cabinet
that's right! It's a cesspool of billionaires who go against the very department they will be in charge of!
Thank you, Cory. His so-called replacement plan is a disaster and very dangerous.
Thank you. Say no to #UnqualifiedCabinet members. No to #TrumpSwamp, #SwampMonsters
please run in #2020
thanks for continuing to speak out
why don't the Dems stop obstructing and start working.  We deserve to have a government that can work together on issues.
Good luck with that! Aren't you tired of losing yet?
stop obstructing and work together respect the president as we respected all the others prior to this one.
go get'em
the NEW party of NO. Sad isn't it. Schumer leadership tarnishing the party even more. What did they offer you?
God Bless Senator Booker for fighting for all of us.
Go fight the good fight
@SenateDems Don't let them touch Medicare. We paid years into the fund.
keep fighting for us. One of the good guys in the Senate.
keep up the fight god bless you for us who feel we have not words sometimes
Keep fighting for the People.  We appreciate it.
@DNC gave us Trump n the Wrecking Ball Cabinet when they "knew" better n subverted democracy. Now you can't stop Rubber Stamp
@SenateDems why are you wasting your time - not good for your image
Cory, keep fighting, stay in front of all the cameras you can find, we are watching and following your leadership.
Thank you Senator We stand beside you
a proud moment for Booker to whine with fake sincerity before he gets voted down again by @SenateGOP .... sad.
beautiful...poignant...especially the visual of Price's statement about Medicare being an "intrusion" 
Of course you are.
thank u for standing up 4 the people! When u decide to run for Pres, I will be 1st in line in SC to work to get you elected!
fight the good fight!
Your energy & determination to stand for what is right is truly an inspiration to keep #TheResistance strong. Thank you.
@SenateDems I wish I could believe your words but you voting down the drug importation from Canada has removed your credibility
@SenateDems but of course you are
thank you for doing that but all of the previous horrible choices still got confirmed.
You are nothing but a carpetbagger.  Another Black politician lining his/her own pocket at the expense of all Blacks
Keep up the good fight!
go, Cory, go, Cory, go, Cory!
@SenateDems yep, obstruct your way right out od your seat.
Thank you, @CoryBooker. Go give 'em hell!
@SenateDems please keep the pressure on, all of you!  Every bit of resistance matters. Thank you!!!
#resist #resist #resist We are counting on you!
@SenateDems thank you Senators! Keep saying why these nominees are not what we want. #Persist #Resist
Give em hell, Cory!
Thank you! #WeStandTogether
@SenateDems Thank you!
stand tall and stay strong!
#RESIST
oh great. Can't wait 4 him to stop acting like he cares abt the working class of America. #DEMSLie #NeverBelieveADEM
@SenateDems you go Cory. #Booker4POTUS2020
I've got your back. I'm watching you! #thankyou #fightforus #iamwithyou
THANK YOU!!!  And thank you for the term "outrage fatigue" from your video.  It helped me so much to identify it and keep going.
keep on persisting, we appreciate the fight here in #NJ7
@SenateDems keep on speaking because it is just hot air. Must suck being on the losing side now.
@schefferwill SLAY CORY SLAY!
@SenateDems You need to go to the podium with a recording of Ozzie's Crazy Train and just stand there while it plays.
@SenateDems 
Thank you for fighting so hard for all of us, Senator!
@SenateDems HEY DEMOCRATS, Wake up! 2day's "GOP"R Anarchists trying to Dstroy America by privatizeR NATION'L ASSETS. Fight now!
please don't let the people down.  Be a true democrat please
thank  you!
@SenateDems thank you
@SenateDems Thank you Cory,we appreciate you !
YOU GOT THIS!!!
@SenateDems keep talking 'cause they don't let us women folk speak in the Senate #resist #ShePersisted
Thank you!  2020!
@SenateDems Good Luck Sen Booker.Glad you are there on the floor with us. We welcome you !
@SenateDems keep on fighting. This country deserves better than these nominees.
@SenateDems #FlintWaterCrisis #frauds
@SenateDems I hope they locked the doors before you get there.
just fucking answer the question is Tim Scott an Uncle Tom
