To the 24 million Americans who stand to lose coverage, to New Jerseyans who would pay thousands of dollars more each year for insurance
To the families who would lose guarantee that essential health services like birth control, prenatal care & mental health care are covered
And to the people who could lose access to coverage just because they have a pre-existing condition...
I will fight this morally and fiscally devastating health care bill in the Senate every step of the way.
Go Cory!
Stop spreading lies!
He works in the SENATE! Are you kidding me? You can't possibly be this self-damaging to yourself and everybody around you?!
Just because he is a Senator doesn't mean he doesn't lie. If you think he is beyond telling lies maybe you are the one who is self-damaging.
Gee, I dunno - The very fact the consensus has spotted that all this does is guarantee deaths and denials of healthcare SHOULD say something
I'll continue to pray for wisdom to those that are blindly believing the lies that lots of ppl are gonna die from this new bill.
You mean continue to pray for the deaths that people like you will cause. Get out of your own way or suffer the consequences if it passes.
What will my consequences be if a bill that I have NO control over passes? Oh, & I only pray for peoples healing.
Only that you embody that very same mindset that's getting it passed. Except you're not Congress, so you'll find yourself in danger anyway.
Here's a thought, maybe the legally elected Democrats should remove the illegally elected president. Find. A. Way.
We're working on it, Cairn. It will take some time, but we will be the winners in the end, & the GOP will have become despised & shunned.
Maybe, some sweet day, the Democrats will tap into the brain trust that is the American people and get this over with.
Black women suffer disproportionately from poverty. It does them no benefit nor society to have babies &large welfare families.
PLEASE beg your fellow GOP Senators to vote NO. I want to see my child grow up and will die without health insurance. #ObamacareHelpedMe
#casualtiesoftherepeal
I feel like I'm living in an alternate universe. This health bill is a death sentence for cancer patients, diabetics, etc  @realDonaldTrump
Pre-existing conditions are covered. Don't believe the lies the @democrats are saying....they are the same idiots that were singing

Obamacare almost took my life due to a 5k deductible and over $400 month payment  smh
@chelseaperetti @GOP almost as much as you voting down the bill to make pharmaceuticals cheaper for Americans.
Because the ACA has been so beneficial to my family as we are now paying over $2,500 a month for insurance. The ACA has been a disaster
How much were you paying before ACA? And how much will you be paying once AHCA passes?
Thank you, Sen. Booker ,for your bold leadership. The Lord leads you in a worthy path to protect your fellow man. Praise His Name.
The Dems pull the same lines out of the old hat every time! Stop you know Obamacare is toast! Step up and be a leader and make it better!
I am very frightened for the future of my mentally ill, LGBTQ young adult daughter. As a mom, I want to know she can get the care she needs.
No shit!
It did not. ACA saved my life when I lost employer coverage during cancer treatment. Need daily meds, F/U care but that's now preexisting.
Help us and tell us what to do, whom to write, go on streets to protest  Who's with me? We must act! Now!!LetsJoin2gthr
Like they treated President Obama, always show they own it #RYANTRUMPDON'TCARE
How's that?
Liar,liar, pats on fire!  This will not be the same bill @tedcruz and the more conservatives will make it right before its past!
change your plan to Obama care from your cushy plan... see and feel our pain...but do what liberals do cry and pout
Don't let it  pass the  Senate. IT looks like it won't.  Drag this out, impeach Trump  then retain ObamaCare. U hv enough to impeach him now
I know you will #VoteNoAHCA to #SaveACA #ProtectOurCare and #SaveOurCare, but I still ask you to do so.
U2 line from song God II "the rich stay healthy & the sick stay poor" is very fitting this day. Verse ending.."still i, i believe in love"
What is your stance? You need a platform to take action. Don't just resist, act!
As a nurse I've seen this bef. ACA. Insured will pay for uninsured. Hosp CAN"T refuse 2 care/pt's. Will cost more $ in the end2 whole system
Too bad you didnt help pass that bill that would let americans import drugs at lower cost. Oh thats right u got donations from Bigpharma
I'm sorry to be crude, but I think we just watched the House GOP give Trump a happy ending.
No. What's really crude is @GOP celebrating ripping live-saving coverage from working Americans over Bud Light in the Rose Garden.
I'm relying on you! My husband's life depends on it!!
And most of those voting "yes" didn't even take time to read the bill.Just left that to their staff. This is unacceptable! This has to stop!
Proud you are my senator with a heart!! ..I'm a nurse this bill  is wrong!!
Hopefully the Senate has more sense than those fooled into voting for Trump <sad>  Counting on Dems. to sway a few across the aisle 
You need to throw your back into this!! This is insanity. I would hope that you already had your GOP friends lined up. You better! FIGHT!!
Right. So, Medicare for all @CoryBooker !
That's all u got to say Cory. Time to play dirty
How?
Please stop this travesty!
Yeah but what the hell is going on with Dems? We need balls, need someone that can fight these evil rich bastards
Not if you keep it from getting through the Senate. Do your jobs!!
Doubtful. Prior to ACA there was  medi-cal & Medicare and it will continue after. So. Silence. Let it unfold. ItsGood
Work to defeat this in the senate. We will work to defeat all who voted for the heartless travesty.
Can we please call it Trumpcare.  It is too dignified to call it AHCA.
Tell me about it! I had cancer. The Repubs want us to die. UNIVERSAL/SINGLE-PAYER HEALTHCARE NOW! No healthcare for profit!
Do you really believe that?
Dude it's hard to take you serious when you take money from big pharma...
I am begging you to run in 2020!
I'm so fucked. I can't afford my bipolar II disorder meds without it. These people have no conscience or compassion.
YOU LIE  DEMS LIED TO PASS ACA KNOWING IT WOULD NOT WORK. 30 MILLION HAVE NO ACA BECAUSE EXPLOSDING COSTS. BOOKER STOP HATING AMERICANS.
oh god. My mother has fibromyalgia. What are we going to do
Cory: what do we need to do?
Very true, but remember when you voted against cheaper prescription drugs? I do.
True, but to the @GOP the only lives that matter are Rich White Guys lives and they can afford to pay cash for their healthcare..
A travesty!
#CallitTrumpCare #Trumpcare #AHCAKillerCare #AHCA
That's right. Time to get even at the ballot box! #Resist #BlueMidterm #VoteThemOut
Cant blame politics an paper on ppls death can ya?words change health problems?policy kills?and u work ,where?ask 4 a frnd?
Sen. Booker, fight this ugly, horrible bill. These R's are heartless. America needs legislators w/compassion...like you.
You should have helped Bernie's bill. Would have been something.
That was the whole point.
cory, i spoke at your rally to help save the aca in newark new jersey. i spoke with my heart and soul and i feel it was for nothing.
the GOP are cowards & the #AHCA bill is an atrocity posing a  potential risk to the lives of all Americans #NoTOAHCA
Well, citizens need to take matters into their own hands and stop going to hospitals so the healthcare system is forced to shutdown.
To all those who are against Obamacare, it has its faults, let's just fix it, not replace it!
Their blood is on the "YAY" votes hands!
You make this bill sound like a carbon copy of Obamacare
We all need to get up and fight the good fight. Go to your district senators and let your voice be heard!!!!!!!
#VoteThemOut  #Booker2020
It actually saves lives. #DefundPP
Thanks Senator.Nice to know that compassionate Republicans like you are there to fight us
Another case of GOP's Party before Country.
This is a catastrophic healthcare!!! Sad day for the American people!!
What the heck did you think ObamaCare is/was?????????? Maybe if the @democrats would work with the @republicans instead of obstructing !!!
SINGLE. PAYER. Say it Cory!
Do you have a plan in place to combat this?
Sniff Sniff...You gonna cry like your buddy Chuckie?
There is NO Constitutional purview for the Federal Government to be involved in Health Care. NONE. State issue at best.
Big surprise
You are right, right, right!!
Hey Booker at least you knew what was was in this bill unlike the other one. Right? And who is losing coverage in your state sir?
If  you're talking about planned parenthood. I am totally for not paying for abortions, Spread the word to men. Buy condoms
No it won't-----start telling the truth----Obamacare was awful and expensive!!
You realize that people like you (elderly) will be paying 5x as much for medicare right? Such ignorance
Today they instituted sarah palin's DEATH PANELS. USE that analogy..
Waaaaaa
You and your colleagues who are sane must do your duty and not pass this abomination of the house bill
Then how did it get passed? Don't these congressmen care for Americans?
Ans: NO THEY DON'T AND NEVER HAVE
I despise the house GOP! Evil has taken over our leaders. Where is the GOP moral compass? How can that act in such a reckless manner.
Who ever said Republicans have a moral compass.
https://twitter.com/Nov_6_2018/status/860206127178534914 …
So so sad
I want to see how each congressman voted so we know who in the hell to get rid of. Where is this information available?
Get the Countable app on your phone. It notifies you each time your rep votes- Hold your congressmen accountable for their votes.
I try to always understand both parties but in all honestly I cannot understand why the GOP is doing this
people's health and wellbeing? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ oh well. Let them drink their shitty beer.
Liar! Liar 
Are you 12?
My brother Freddy passed from Cancer, in 2009, at just 36 years old. He was denied coverage and therefore proper treatment. Too many have
So sorry for your loss.
They want us to die. Point blank.
#RecallThemAll
Didn't you literally just help kill a bill that would've made medications more affordable? Sit down.
Please, keep fighting this!!
And @gop @HouseGOP @POTUS are about to celebrate it. Beyond belief. We're counting on the senate to save 25 million+ from #Trumpcare
@SenateDems @GOP Quit lying.
If it does cost live we're sure you'll still find a way make their vote count 
Vote them out
It's a death knell for old infirm young and ill, addicted those with pre existing conditions masquerading as health care.
OH The HUMANITY!
#AHCA I can't even breathe. Like election night all over. Thisserves. 7M Vets lose credits.SpecEd #GOP #SoullessMajority
Thank you for fighting. Many U.S. lives are on the line. I've often questioned @GOP positions but never thought of them as evil until today.
Please urge the Senate to stand with Americans. This is a horrific bill.
Sorry Cory Your guys did not get the Job Done,, Work Harder
When do the senate vote on this bill?
#votethemout #AHCA #midterms2018
I urge you and fellow Senators to vote no on the AHCA.
36,000 people a year according to new estimates. The GOP sold their souls to the devil.
Cory Booker voted in favor of his big pharma donors to keep Americans from having prescription drug costs.  He's a fraud!
It must die or never see the light of day in the Senate. We are counting on you and sensible republicans (if they exist).
No CBO Score

Sad and sick
They just sealed the deal on 2020 for the democrats and independents with this decision.  No one will vote them back into office.
Thank you for working to protect us, sir. I have family members who would not be here if not for this law.
Sad day! As a person w/#CHD that just lost my job I am scared! Am hoping u can make this right Sen @SenBookerOffice!
Together we can make sure it's DOA in the Senate. #TheResistance #AngierAndMoreEnergized
May the Senate have better sense. Fight it, Corey, with everything you've got. Thank you.
