Thank you Sen. @CoryBooker and all the @SenateDems who are STILL speaking out tonight against #Trumpcare. We MUST #ProtectOurCare.
.@CoryBooker: "The power of the people is greater than the people in power."

Keep demanding (202-224-3121) your senators #ProtectOurCare.
Single Payer Healthcare for all!!!
Lewis and Booker are the best of America. Love of country, humility, hard work and dedication to making America a more perfect union.
Lol for sitting on the steps and not trying to fix ACA.sad you must get it free
Nah, it hurts me when people rape the word "right" like that
Uh dud dud ugh me"s duh wanna it's be free duh my don't wanna no horse An no land too much work
Dems want people dependant on gov't for votes.  To control them.
Ha ha, omg, Democrats want to control..... what do you think dictator Trump & Republicans want ?? Dems want human rights, GOP wants Gulags
Question to Republicans: How many humans losing their health insurance would Jesus be cool with?
Respectfully, health care is an individual issue. Docs oath is to "do no harm" not control you. Solution=Patient centric direct care. TY
Have you really read what GOP has planned for human life in America? This diabolical plan is worse than when before Obama gave us a chance
@CoryBooker as someone from Canada and know the importance of health care for all, I agrees strongly in what ur fighting for! In a fluke...
I was captivated by John Lewis &yourself, ended up watching close to all 3hours,nothing but class from the both of U!Wish more felt the same
I PAID  MY UNIVERSITIES DAD CATHOLIC HIGH SCHOOL. ELEMENTARY.  FREE COLLEGES UNIVERSITIES.
Nothing is free
WE PAY  TAXES  FOR  EVERYTHING  UNFAIRLY  UNCESSARILY  WE PA THEIRS TO STEAL
coming from corey who took 300K from big pharma to block import of cheaper prescription drugs...yeah shut up
Wonderful. Now how about they get on-board w/#SinglePayer #MedicareForAll, AND how about @corybooker quits voting for Big Pharma???
Just cause you say it is doesn't make it so. Life, Liberty and Pursuit of happiness. After that on your own with safety net
That man belongs in prison right next to Maxine Waters. And you have the nerve to call Trump crooked? Hahahahahahaha
Not a civil right issue. Where do you get off saying that?
1/2They're correct but Corey Booker has taken from big pharmaceutical & I think he speaks out of both sides of his mouth, lost my respect
2/2 I used to really love him but no one in politics should be taking money from big business and special interests
FREE  COMPLETE HEALTHCARE DRUGS OPTICAL DENTAL WE CHOOSE PHYSICIANS ESPECIALISTS HOSPITALS
heath care is a privilege not a right!! If you want health care, get a job nad pay for it yourself!
So having a healthy mind and body is a privilege? Employers are the last people who should decide who gets that "privilege."
if it is a civil right how come the middle class and small biz owners dont have it.. how come we have to listen to politicians who have it
Beautiful. Leaders lead. Continue to explain how their proposals effect ppl in real meaningful ways. Discuss how to fix what we have now.
Fighting for our health.
It's delusional narcissism 
I've looked it up
@ ACLW  @repjohnlewis  PAY  TAXES  . DISGRACE USA HASN'T PROVIDED GREAT HEALTHCARE FREE WE CHOSE PHYSICIANS
Thank you two for your strong leadership and for being willing to sit on the Capitol steps & let spontaneous expression take root. Democracy
Why can't we have a choice of Medicare buy in or ins. exchange in ALL 50 states
@seanhannity Cory&John all you appear to be doing is Pissing In The Wind that's why You are all wet You waste our time, Just a Politico Hack
Thanks for all you do for all of us!  You are greatly appreciated and your names will be remembered for a long time!
Bring race into everything right? How ignorant of you.
The Old World, had to suffer 2 devastating Plagues, before realizing that universal health care is essential to social progress, will we?!!!
Health care a human rights issue? We should be paying no more than 50 dollars a month for unlimited health care.
I am a vet and I want to say thank you for your strength and courage keep up the good fight
For health care to be a human right we need to curb the profit motive, are you on board with that yet? <3
Can they please answer what was their vote on Single payer?
Let ACA fail on its own.then Democrats will be at fault
Love these guys! Thanks for standing up for Americans everywhere!
It's not ok to except dependency and loss of personal responsibility. it's institutionalized racism at the hands of calculating socialists.
Come on now  you know Cory Booker  and John  Lewis are sore  Democrat. What ever the republican do they are going to be against.
Sorry, don't hide behind the argument of civil rights to spread your hate. The Rev. Would one hundred pct disagree w yalls rhetoric
Two racists.
Reagan believed no one should be denied healthcare if they couldn't afford it. Bet he'd be saying the GOP left him today.
Reagan also said that you'd be responsible for paying back that healthcare you received but couldn't afford, too. Even if it bankrupted you.
Great job guys!!!
We thank you for fighting the good fight.
Maybe IBM's Watson should take a stab at fixing our healthcare.
Too bad health care is NOT a right. Nor should it be.
Hey it's the tax evader John Lewis putting his burden on the taxpayers.
Two of my favorite people, @repjohnlewis & @CoryBooker 
(fangirling out!)

Too bad these two "civil rights" leaders sold out their integrity to BigPharm & Private HealthCare Donors. Kucinich remains a man of the Ppl
Lol..no ..no he's not...
Then why did he vote no to import drugs from Canada effectively reducing drug prices and lower costs?
U are correct but not at the expense of taxpayer subsidies in the form of corporate welfare to insurance co's. While congress gets lobby $$$
These two criminals could care less about your health. Or for that matter your civil or human rights either. #DemocratsAreCriminals
No..they're referring to civil rights and liberties in the DECLARATION of independence
It is neither. You do NOT have a right to the goods or services of another solely because you exist in this world.
Grow up.
Yet they campaign against medicare for all? which is it?
Aaand this is why trump will get a second term
Hope the #mean13 tune in to learn why!
@JohnWisniewski we should solidify #SinglePayerNJBill now, so it can get signed after Christie leaves office.
