Bannon stated that Trump admin. selected Cabinet nominees to intentionally destroy their Federal Agency.
please keep fighting trump style politics is moving to Canada  we need you to succeed
Se
Can you please be specific on how we fight. What should we be doing?
Keep taking that pharma money man.
Thank you Sen Booker. Now please be President soon!!
defeat little lying donnie trumpie!
Dem. Party is the party of the KKK, anti-Christian & anti-Semitic 
See @RepKeithEllison & #RobertBird
Where is the Equal Rights Amendment in this video?  We need a Constitution that wholisticly includes all women
what are you really fighting for? Pharma profits?
@TeresaBerkowitz @CoryBooker another kook
persist
Fight the good fight
@CoryBook blablabla"my state NJ is a shithole but I am to occupied with shit in DC and I have no power and am a tool"
Is this Men's Black History Month? Or BHM for women who remain Constitutionally inferior as well? Where is ERA?
Another cause: people being able to afford the meds they need to live. Big Pharma's legal bribes-->forgotten
yes- i have bever gotten much into politics until now- there seems to be an urgency to stand for right
please stop your bogus statements. POTUS IS FOR WE THE PEOPLE not like you ELITIST
You're kind of awesome, Cory Booker.  Never get sick and tired.
defeat little lying donnie trumpie!
That's correct and "we the people" need our elected representatives to keep fighting for us now more than ever
defeat little lying donnie trumpie!
Inspirational, thank you Cory. Keep leading the charge, and keep listening to the needs of the American people.
defeat little lying donnie trumpie!
G-D bless you Senator Booker for helping fight to keep Americans liberty 
Yes, the cause of "our" country. We need to preserve and protect home first, so we can offer something 2 others
Our eyes are on you Sen. Booker. Your voice is ringing clearly through a very opaque time in American History.
No truer words (spoken)-we MUST start/continue the fight of Injustice & Inequality....there is No alternative!
Sen, Booker.  Agree.  However, when will the cause of our own be placed on the first page?  As every other
. Did you jusr recently hang that photo of Mr. Douglas?  Transparent, very.   Vote NO on Seema Verma!!!!
I every way possible; I will resist this vitriolic hatred of everyone who is not a WASPM.
It all depends on what your advocating. The days of generalized, lemming party politics is waning...
u said we should fight but can u explain why u voted against lowering cost of meds are u fighting for d poor?
please pple are dying cause they can't afford their meds wat u saying is dat u don't care or u dey should die
2020!
STOP TAKING BIG PHARMA MONEY
@LauraJSilverman 
We can We Did WE CAN
Time to live in the present and quit using slavery as a crutch
 Its getting old.
Clown You don't look like no darn slave to me. You need some boxing gloves n a ring
Inspirational words. Thank you!
I'm pretty sure Fredrick Douglas wouldn't want to take public school money and give it to private schools
Cory Booker for our next President
What safeguards insure Trump can't sell citizenship to Russian Mob under EB5 thru 1 of his real estate deals?
Inspirational, but you and Ds need a jobs message to win elections.
K, you're forgiven. #Booker2020
how about we concentrate on America& Americans we need jobs this protesting bs is your party pandering go Trump
- Thank God we have had our first and last black president. Hang it up Cory, it ain't going to happen!
I hope one day we celebrate you on President's Day.
thank you, for fighting for humans against GOP hate, racism, lies.
defeat little lying donnie trumpie!
Senator, your videos keep me going.
I have heard too much Civil Rights bullshit come out of your mouth over the years own your words be a man
I want the lie of black victimization end it once and for all I civil rights activist to answer for their lies
How do the People Impeach Trump &Save if Congress refuses to act? Seriously,What do we do?
I will not be ignored forever I'm not throwing bricks at cops on national TV I I want conversation
No?We will Persist2Resist this Tyrant!How do we succeed against a Congress supported Coup&ensure Survival?
mr. Booker is the dylann roof option our best option since you refuse to acknowledge black on white crime rates
Lighter note every time I see this ... you look like David Price Red Sox How's your fastball
Has Frederick Douglass seen this?
@ArianeBellamar @CoryBooker #TrumpRussiaDossier
#TaxReturns 
#Sater 
#EmolumentsClause 

How many reasons do you need?
thank you for inspiring us all!
try working more and doing less videos.
"....and yet, she persisted." Thank you for this poignant reminder.
. Every year in February I research for a positive person, and this year I am listening to you.
SLAVERY? Really? We're American's and none of us support slavery.and you fit nowhere in what USA thinks
Thank you, Senator. Very inspiring words in these difficult times. #resist
your right thank God for President Trump America first
Cory, please stop being a stooge for BigPharma. Truly become an activist for change.
Appreciate the motivation, greatly needed these days. This country is in chaos.
@pebbles2day @CoryBooker Amen Sir
What is it exactly that you're fighting against? Please enlighten me. What is the point here?
Some1 has to stand w/ppl but U can't take & represent at the same time!  #ChangeBeginsNow
we as citizens have a right to see our laws enforced
#CorybookerforPresident
Fredrick Douglas,Republican, Served with Lincoln,Grant,Hayes and Harrison. He would not be proud of Dems today!
@TheDemocrats @dscc @dccc @CNN @CBSNews @NBCNews @nytimes @ABC  -- *
-- *Sun.
vote no sometimes booker you Know what's right,
Too bad that you are all talk and no action
need to start running the government find common ground and help citizens first not refugees
Thank you for the continued inspiring words on Frederick Douglass' birthday!
. We agree on immigration and equal rights.  How about clean air, water?  Climate change? EPA?
you gave up when OBAMA was president
@jpondrenning @CoryBooker Independent investigations. Its up to YOU. Hear the outrage of the people?
defeat little lying donnie trumpie!
when any cause, sets aside the will of The Father, you will run from wall to wall, and find no remedy..
what r u fighting no body else is fighting. u just need to liten and learn
STOP PLEASE YOUR INSULTING OUR INTELIGENTS  .
Thank you, CB for your always uplifting messages. I so look forward to hearing them every day! Strong together
that's what I said when wee had Obama just keep on praying see God answers prayer
I love you, Mr Booker, but, you crushed me when you voted against drug importation from Canada. Reconsider.
by which you mean "never give up, unless your corporate donors tell you to"?
May God continue to bless you and give you the strength to keep going. You seem to be the only one. Thanks you!
Booker is starting to look like one of the more credible 2020 candidates.
what makes him credible? Selling out to pharmaceutical companies?
Always inspirational.
Let's just cut to the chase and IMPEACH TRUMP already. Trump is NOT going to get any better!
It is a fight worth fighting.  Thank you for doing you part!
