#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
I called @SenToomey today to voice my opposition to #CassidyGrahamBill and #DACA deportations.
I did too. Also emailed him. He responded with all the disingenuous GOP talking points (LIES).
Thank you for reaching out & keep it up! Contacting our reps, voting, & voicing our opinion is how change happens! #GrahamCasiddy #DACA
Please explain why this is such a bad change
What change are you referring to?
So, by my informal count, it's only these 5 @SenateGOP and the ( oh yeah, Luther from @Alabama fame) believe in the #garbage Bill Cassidy
Lindsay Graham is totally clueless about health care so he is perfect to inform the liar dope @realDonaldTrump what's in the GOP's bill. SAD
@GOP
The immoral GOP is willing to hurt millions of their constituents so the Kochs will open their pocketbooks again for them.
how much u pay for insurance Cory? How about phony Kimmel and his nonsense? U mega rich elitists have what NO Ocare sucker has. Phony liars.

http://slate.me/2xlTGf2  obamacare sabotaging!
This deadly healthcare bill must not pass!
Yeah...we want the deadly healcare bill we know...not the deadly healthcare bill we don't know. #progress
Yeah, they represent AmeriKKKa w/o hoods.
You do realize Lincoln was a Republican, correct?
yeah he was, LOL a Democratic one.
AL would have taken individual liberty away for a government controlled healthcare system. TR and WW can be blamed for that shift (2of2)
You're speculating about what he would have done, but whatever.  I was pointing out AL as a Republican, at that time it wasn't the same.180°
Your Wikipedia quote was speculation.
The ACA expects the younger gens, already burdened with massive student loan debt, to pay for older gens healthcare. Boomers are needy.

Instead then, how about some massive changes in the pittance doled out in billing coverage to doctors, and their huge malpractice burdens?
@CoreyBooker @IronStache Ticket 2020?
Ponderous how invested GOP are in UN definition of genocide, per Article 2 on P&P of Criminal Genocide. 
Can we appeal to UN?
@SenSanders
these egghead, power-crazy, insensitive, heartless GOP jerks, leave me speechless!!!
Shocking
FOCUS on FIXING & STABILIZING ACA with a bi-partisan bill! With the right changes, it will make MORE folks HAPPY! Below is AK prem for 23K
You found your thesaurus! We'll prefer states handle the money instead of medicaid whores who want to save their asses. 3rd world obamacare
Booker in 2020. Best way I can think of to assure 4 more years of Trump.
Corey, I love you. You can succeed without taking any more big pharmaceutical money. Just say no.
It is so much better to see premiums and deductibles skyrocket while providers and benefits vanish. #ACA #Obamacarerepeal
Dems had a shot with aca. Failure.
Hope this means you're going to get out of pharmaceutical companies' pockets and act to allow us to buy drugs from Canada.
Thank you. That's what I just told Corey.
keep fighting!!

I am here with you!
Lucky girl! 
@rjdv27 All these men are DOTARDS! Vote them all out!
Ha! That's what Kim Jong un called trump! A dotard! 
Its True! If 45 & his family is going Down, he plans to take America with them.
I feel like I'm holding my breath!
45
These people have no compassion.  They need to get the same health care we get.   See how fast things get fixed then.
Does this not say enough!
Shame on GOP.. lost all my respect
And yet these so called representatives stand there telling us all that they are champions of the people. GTH.
They look so angry & desperate to do this to the people they say they are trying to help. You know evil is at hand here to do this.
Keep fighting and push Democratic agenda nationwide. Folks are still confuse on what the Democrats stand for Corey!


John McCain is a hero and a senator with a spine...he is going straight gangsta in the senate and saving lives! Keep up the great decisions!
Is there anything that can be done about these assholes trying to ram this down our throats? I mean to the assholes! Recall? Lets Fk em up!
These guys don't care about ppl,they're   main goal since 08 is to kill everything pres. Obama tries to do. Politics as usual to them!
Come on L Graham u r better than to push this bill. Admit u r making a mistake that the promise is not feasible and work with the democrats
Exactly!Contrary to the common good for all Americans;a demonic drive to destroy lives is alive&heartless!An evil loyalty to their leader!
Hi guess Lindsey Graham is showing his true colors and not caring about the American people just got to get it done
Texting "RESIST" to 50409 will automatically send faxes to your representatives. I did it - it works.
But the Koch's will have more money to bribe congress to their bidding as our Constitutional framers intended.  
Oh, wait. That's not right.
Craven and cruel - also aptly describes current GOP.
Somebody tell Lady Graham she's on a self destructive path.
Real problem is none of the GOP actually care about the American people!They care only about themselves!They need to be voted out of office!
Oh good. I see you got my phone call.
Craven! I don't know about the rest of you, but with this admin I have to keep the thesaurus nearby. Still there are barely enough words...
@CoryBooker Contacted my Republican senator @ToddYoungIN Told him to vote no on Graham/Cassidy bill. Will call Joe Donnelly
And I hope all the elected officials are shouting, stomping, screaming, as your constituents once again fire forth.
@LindseyGrahamSC #voteout #NoGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidyDeathBill

Our reps see this and say, 'Let's cut healthcare, put $80b more in the military, and never pass an infrastructure bill. That'll fix it!' 
@HamillHimself you didn't give a shit when the implementation of ACA hurt millions. Hack.
Yes sir, but the Christian, family living @GOP is right. They are the almighty elitist.
As if this imploding disaster called ObamaCare isn’t already hurting millions. Heaven forbid the fed gives some decisions back to the states
Then why on earth are you guys letting Bernie sanders debate Graham with a single payer bill?
But the Senator's will MAKE millions $$$
Almost every major health care org opposes Graham-Cassidy. 62% of Americans want a bipartisan ACA fix. The only people who favor the bill?--
--an insufficient # of GOP legislators & their lgst campaign donors. Simply put: THE GOP IS PUTTING THEIR JOBS B4 THE HEALTH OF AMERICANS.
The GOP doesn't care...it's all about Koch money. They are not going to let anyone stand in their way to get it.
if states expanded their Medicaid program & excepted ObamaCare subsidies-their state Medicaid program will fail right along side ObamaCare
Thanks to democrat like you MR Booker who voted for PHARMACUAL interest before the people.
It's put together by murderous scum, so it should be.
Please continue ur efforts to defeat this bill
#shameful #amerikkka
GOP can give 2 shits all they want is a win
GOP doesn't care, only big donors like kuok brothers matters!
You & @SenatorMenendez & @RepLeonardLance MUST vote NO.
The GOP's collective insanity continues.
Doesn’t look like Graham is going to get to be President next time around either. GLAD.
Meanwhile millions loosing their lives to no affordable healthcare! Dr's want more $$ as does congress! We r so screwed!
Yep, the agree it will hurt millions, but r they really gonna do something bout it?! No they will have another useless meeting! Blah blah!
Corrupt @GOP investments in medical & insurance markets are motive. Growing new energy business would be the smarter choice. #TheResistance
We should be world leader wind, solar, and non-residue nuclear energy. Instead we will end up buying it from #NorthKorea #TheResistance
This bill is insane, cruel nonsense. It's all to destroy Obama's humane legacy.
How much hatred can one possess simply because of the color of ones skin?
BOOKER Face facts you care nothing about the American workers but will fight tooth & nail to preserve Obama's legacy Obama CARE
It won't do Lindsay and you knew that months ago.
Are YOU doing your part for this not to go through?
This is the moment, for the GOP 2 step up & represent the People with a healthcare plan that works for all Americans. We get nothing. 
Well could someone please tell Bernie to take a seat n let this bill crash on its own?  He's making Dems look really bad!
When can I have that asshole arrested? I'll bring media...
Cory, you need to stay away from Bernie. His ego is bad mojo.
Listen to the experts Lindsay
Explain why.
Stand against them.
Booker every one of your insane lib positions hurts the American workers high taxation economy killer illegal immigration suppresses wages
Quit whining.  Do you ever work?
Why did you vote in favor of a $700 Billion military appropriations bill?
It's Unacceptable to lose Medicaid money!
Obama CARE already hurts millions who actually work for a living and are burdened by high taxes working Americans who you don't care about
CORY here's a novel idea fight for lower taxes and let American workers keep more of their money . They wouldn't need  your phoney schemes.
Besides @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP and @FoxNews - who is for #GrahamCasiddy?  VOTE NO!  #goplies #GaslightingAmerica
The American taxpayer is going to take their country back
Haven't you guys realized there's not enough votes to make a difference anymore so why don't we do something that will work for a change
If your against it, probably a good bill.
NO #GrahamCassidyNO
Yes #HealthcareIsAHumanRight #HealthCareForAll @SenJohnMcCain @DeanHeller @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenCapito #SinglePayer #healthcare
I think the word cruel is an understatement. People will die

These Republicans are hurting their party and the country
What else is required, other than the silent majority to stand up to these heartless bastards.
I doubt that.
I bet they do. This is another lie by democrats! Only ones that it will hurt is all the illegals!
#midtermelections
Lets work on this together
ACA is failing and cant be fixed. Hanging with it will hurt more!
Democratic Party is letting American ppl down by allowing Bernie to USHER IN Graham-Cassidy b/c of his inability to compromise. #LifeLongDem
So the states can't pay for it but the federal government can?  Help with that equation please
So sad how yall have no clue how shittie Obama care is. It sucks donkeys balls
Ironically the lack of diversity in the photo reveals the lack of depth in their thinking.  They don't America as She is.  An oath betrayed!
Either way the Republican Party is doomed. Pass a cruel bill or keep Obamacare -double jeopardy. Dems 2018!
Look who pretends to care about people over profits, Booker!!!
A last ditch money grab by GOP Old Guard, fattening up their retirement accts with dark money bribes before they lose seats 2018 #Resist
So who, exactly, is in favor of this bill aside from the Elephants?
So you think single payer is better for us? What gives you the right to decide our healthcare? Why is the government involved at all? MONEY?
...but how else do we pay for all the private jet expenses of Trump cabinet members?
This is a Bill that Ambushed,  and Mugged the American people,  and all People of Conscience should vote against it.
If they know it's going to hurt millions and people will die because of this. It's manslaughter!
I have my own health insurance. No one helps pay my health insurance premiums so why should I pay for them?
Some deserve Medicaid, but many do not.  We need to end entitlement programs for those who won't work.
Why should Americans pay for free healthcare insurance for those who refuse to work?  Stop entitlement programs!
FU Booker, GOP big #DonorsLivesMatter. Without a repeal (& maybe a few dead people) Koch Bro's don't get what they were promised.
So much winning! @GOP
All that matters is that they follow through on their promise to the very people who will suffer the consequences of this rash & cruel bill
Thank you for speaking out against this despicable bill & for being a powerful voice for us.
I look at their faces and I see nothing. They have one thing on their minds & that is money!
All 50 Republicans want to kill Medicaid.
This is unprecedented! Ironic that the GOP says "give states control" and yet the states say "nope we don't want that"!
We can't let this bill pass so many will die so many will not have insurance my sons autistic I'm a single mom it will make it even harder
Cory, will Senator Melendez be available to vote?  #CassidyGrahamBill How long, Lord?
Get something done will you. Leaving health care alone is absurd
This map makes me throw in the towel.  I hope you don't! Please run out the clock if needed.
http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=85327 
@LindsayGrahamSC looks grotesque when he is being craven and cruel. Like his true form is trying to burst through his flesh.
These Repubs keep lowering their already low standards. Heartless...sorry but they need to lose their insurance. Walk in others' shoes.
I agree Senator Booker, but I'd like to know why you voted on expanding the military budget.
Graham wants to do something in his career. So it does not matter to him how many million he medically hurts.
He is out to kill health ins.
GOP has to get this done so they can say they did something & more obvious, want Obama’s name off their ! Shame “We the ppl” will lose!
Anyone come out against the $700 billion war package?
Oh wait, you voted FOR that.
Cory Booker you know nothing about truck driving so please do not meddle in it!
Insurance crackdown/czar. It's the only way that America can ensure that all Americans get healthcare. No matter color or standing in socity
Everyone knows that's a bad bill except the old white men who are idiots. The rest follow because no brains for over 8 yrs  
Here's a deal, get rid of Obamacare, deport all illegals, #BUILDTHEWALL, cut welfare rolls, Lock Her Up, and we GET OUR COUNTRY BACK. #MAGA
Listen, comrade, most of us here in America are against this bill.  It's not your country.  It's  our country.
Don't let the #dotard conversation distract you. #KillTheBill
Please do what you can not to repeal and replace wote no
These people trying to push this nightmare of a healthcare bill through are truly the Deplorables.
trump  cant fire these  50  directly  but  he is working  on it  !!!
You know that doesn't matter to the GoP. They want to destroy the government, hurting the very idiots who vote for them.
Millions w/o insurance saving http://billions.Tax  Reform gives it to http://BILLIONAIRES.LEGAL  GENOCIDE BY THE RICH.SHAME ON U @GOP #GOP
Obamacare is failing. Higher premiums and deductibles causing 20 million uninsured.They can't afford it. Where has Cory been?
Obamacare is failing.Medicaid expansion is draining Federal funds at the expense of the most vulnerable. Where has Cory been?
They don't care abt that... they don't want to lose their funding from their big backers. More proof Citizens United Must be abolished!
And at least two GOP governors oppose it - Ohio and Massachusetts
These Republicans have lost their minds. No rational person will be in agreement with this.  #FightOn
Cronies bought off by globalists who want to collectivize EVERYTHING and make the common person suffer. Sane people aren't buying it.
