How about coming up with your own solution to the fail Ocare. You know very well it doesn't work. Where are your ideas? Resist? That's it?!
They won't come up with their own solution because they want to see it fail. So they can blame Trump when it does.
Not true at all.  Dems fought for over 2 decades to bring the people a healthcare plan like many other industrialized countries.
It sucks only good to the people getting it free or really cheap.middle class is paying for all of it
That's not really accurate.  Most of the cost is offset by taxing the rich and corporation.  Facts matter.  Republicans don't like the truth
So if it’s offset by taxes why am I paying $160 a month for a med I need & had to decide to live without another due to the price
2-but they don't want it to work, even refuse to work on the foundation it provides.  It's a good start now we need to get cost down for all
3-Many bosses are being forced to provide insurance.  Including mine and we are and insurance office.  Trickle down never works.  Rich keep$
Still, you have no background in economics or healthcare. Stop trying to muck up what the president is doing. You're not smart enough.
Well I DO have experience in both with a nice degree behind me.  So still saying it's not failing, it's something to Improve upon.
Time to apologize to Hillary Clinton @SenSchumer you are losing a lot of Hillary people who pay the bills at the DNC
Well, if a 10-follower bot who can't spell says so...
Why can't the healthcare system in place for the Military being expanded?  Why aren't we working to bring down prices of medicine and care?
Thank YOU!!!!
Thank you Senator Schumer for all you do. Repub's simply should not be doing this. Why are they going against the majority of Americans?
The GOP is not against the majority of Americans.  That is why Trump won.
congratulations @AKNwitch Trump has you under HIS spell !!
No, he doesn't. There are things he has done that I wouldn't defend.  Do you stand with left blindly?  Are you under Hillary's spell?
I stand with any leader who actually is qualified for the job and knows what they are doing ! Cheers. (end of conversation)
Y'all need to do EVERYTHING POSSIBLE to stop DeathCare from passing.
@SenateGOP are acting like suicide bombers: intending to kill many people to make an ideological point, & self-righteous in their nihilism.
Obamacare is killing the middle class. No health insurance and losing their savings and homes.
So, rather than fix the cost/affordability problems, you would rather @GOP get a "win" by repealing the ACA, which helped millions get care.
The Dem's fix is forcing the middle class to pay more at the exclusion of their own health. We're tired of being forgotten slaves.
You sound like a bot. Got any original thoughts? or are you just a mouthpiece for billionaires & their political thralls?
You know how a bot sounds because you are one. Don't hate me because I speak the truth Ms. Liberal.
ACA is failing.Higher premiums and deductibles cause over 20 million uninsured. Can't afford it.
ACA is failing.Medicaid expansion is draining Federal funds at the expense of the most vulnerable, the original recipients.
Fight the good fight. Trump is out to destroy America.
Booker is an add wipe
If you hate it, it must be great for hard working AMERICANS!!!!
Trump guaranteed health care for "everybody."  Make him do it or lose yours. https://tinyurl.com/yasd3ofz  Inalienable right to life, or else.
You damn well better vote yes to repealing Obamacare.  I am a NJ resident and I vote.
Thanks folks!
The ACA is the best healthcare I've ever had. First time I've ever had eye care and dental care. The peace of mind of having it is priceless

YOU ALL NEED TO Remember THAT WE ARE ALL EQUAL..BET MY SHIRT NON OF CONGRESS THINKS THAT WAS HYPOCRITES
Think they are all hypocrites
Thank you sir.
THANKS FOR NOTHING
Hmm Chucky invoiced with Mandenez too??
I am encouraged by your actions in standing for those who are "The least of these". Senator Corey @CoryBooker gave an impressive speech!
Thank you!
Facts not fiction! Please tell the truth
Talking is not enough, you gotta fight for it
Please support our elderly and their families who rely on Medicaid for dignity in old age. Support the healthcare jobs for working families.
No such thing as Trump care. Maybe, Republican care...
Can you look into removing obsolete electoral college? In a democracy, popular vote should be the rule of land.
WRONG.. THEN THE BIG CITIES WOULD RULE THE LAND .They HAVE TO LEAVE IT ALONE. MAKES IT TO EASY FOR THE CLINTONS TO CORRUPT VOTE
Thank you all for standing up. We Stand With You! 
Repeal and don't replace.goverment needs out of health care business
GET RID OF THE TAX..RIP OFF FROM OBAMA
I'm a New Yorker and know you and @SenGillibrand are fighting on our behalf.
You need to get on with Universal Health Care. What is wrong with you not recognizing the people suffering? SHAME! 
I call on Congress to give up their elitist healthcare and live with Obamacare with no subsidies. Only then will they understand. 2/2
Millions of middle class now have no health coverage because of Obamacare and Dems don't care. 1/
My friend has a wife and 2 kids they have ACA its 378.00$ a month with a $15000 deductable what good is that??
Because it's politically expedient?

Sign on to #MedicareForAll
Wing Nut Schumer would and will oppose anything put up by  Gop no matter if it's good for the American People he is an obstructionist Hack
The truth #Trumpcare 4.0 needs 2b on @FoxNews & other conservative sites Surprised that @realDonaldTrump iso blind as to affect on his base
Thank you for continuing to fight the good fight. #FixObamaCare
Typical Democrats don't care about the middle class
OCD of the GOP, they are like junk yard dogs, whack them over the head with a rolled up newspaper, tell the "release" LET GO! #keep&fixaca
Please, please stop this bill. Here in #Arizona, we stand to lose health care for way too many people.
And did he share his "sell out" playbook with you in return? Oh sorry, forgot you wrote it.
Thank u! Keep fighting.
Get off your pedestal and go to work with #POTUS Trump and help #MAGA 
Stop your ridiculous  lip service and constant theatrical bullshit
Thank you Chuck, fight the good fight. Let's kill this bill and move towards #MedicareForAll !!
We might listen if you also faught Obama on #ObamaCare.  You did not even know what was in it and let it slide. It sucks and needs to change
Wearing the Patch on your clothing is a clear, non-aggressive statement that you embrace race equality & reject racial hate in all its forms
Please do everything you can to stop this.
We the people want it repealed & this is step in the right direction it isn't all we want, we'll keep working.. Figure out who u r working 4

Because u r an obstructionist right no then because u do not get any lobbyists $ that's it nothing 4 chuckie maybe citizens win this time
Why are you fighting latest bill?  Oh, wait, we can't believe what you say.
Thanks fake tears schumer but i dont need you to take care of every aspect of my life.
Improve on ACA with #MedicareForAll - it's what the people want
Where is Warren? Sanders??????
You mean you met with Booker to TELL him what to say about it? Because none of you DEMS can think for yourselves. Nothing but lemmings.
The Dems are obstructionists, admit it. You're still bitter about losing. Get over it.
Please don't threaten to slow down the Senate to kill the Graham-Kennedy bill - DO IT.
You can pull it off, guys. Fight hard for your fellow Americans - we are counting on you.  #healthcare #grahamcassidy #savetheaca
were you paid 134k by insurance companies to vote no for Medicaid for all, as well as other dems? Please do tell!
Stop taking money from the healthcare industry. #MedicareForAll
Nothing gets done because you want TRUMP TO FAIL..ALL YOU DO IS OBSTRUCT...
YOU LOST THE ELECTION...STOP PUTTING PARTY AHEAD OF COUNTRY.....
Instead of voting NO! Why don't you do your jobs & write a bill that will fix #ACA .Your delusion that #ACA works will cost more seats lost.
you'll need to find more than 2 Republicans to team with you to stop "Repeal"...you can't count on Graham's "new" puppet @SenJohnMcCain 
still amazes me that the GOP don't care about anyone but themselves...aside from erasing Obama and kicking MILLIONS off healthcare
Citizens who PAY 4 HC hate OC; We can't afford it !  "Working America"can't afford 2 see a Doc!  PASS TC Bill= Can Tweak Later
Everything is fight, fight, fight, no wonder we as Citizens are in trouble.
Mr. Bull and Mr. Shit got together in the bathroom to talk crap. #Morons
Why can't we get people in the streets like last time????!!!!
You people should be talking to the Republicans vs everyone that agrees with you. He was elected by the people who wanted ACA repealed.
Keep fighting for us !!!  Thanks for your hard work.
Did you just talk to Nancy about the embarrassing event took place with her base "the Dreamers?" They do not appreciate what they have. Fail
Please don't let this bill go through...This is a battle against the flow of corruption, drugs and dirty money.
Your a joke
Not good enough. I want my careconnect back
You mean cry foul for everything Corey Booker? Yes, his voice is heard, usually crying...like yours.
Bring Senate business to a crawl. No unanimous consent for anything, even potty breaks.
Fight 
#GrahamCasiddyDeathBill 
#GrahamCassidyMurderBill 

This killer bill is an outrage to ALL Americans, incl. GOP families. 

GOP 4 
Maybe it should pass then watch what happens in 2018 when GOP lose their seats & Trump has to wash the egg off his face!
Keep trying to call it trump care & try to make citizens forget how Obama & Democrats completely F'd up healthcare, you own it chuck!
If I were you I wouldn't fight it because when the Dems run for office again the only thing the people will remember is The crap Obamacare
Because if the fix ACA you won't need to rob us with a poorly run socialist healthcare system
Paul Mannafort hearts Vlad Putin- WHAT ARE YOU DOING about this COLLUSION and ELECTION Philandering? TAKE OFF YOUR LULLY WHITE KID GLOVES!!!
U R fighting it,  for 1reason,  it didn't come from democrats #ANTI AMERICAN
Sad we had such a great health care system before Dems decided to take over healthcare???
Why are you giving that loser, Booker, ANY attention? Stop this script where you are trying to prepare his 2020 run. He has ZERO chance!
Resistance is futile you are fighting for something NO ONE WANTS
Fight on, Chuck. Make your fellow Democrats proud. #TeamBlue #TheResistance #KilltheBill #SaveOurCare
I wz born wo enough bone &have undergone 24 orthopedic surgeries, learned 2 walk 8xs, lost my house+filed BR due to medical debt.#SaveACA


Thank you, @SenSchumer @CoryBooker  @ChrisMurphyCT  America is counting on Democrats to stick together & vote 'No' on Graham-Cassidy plan.
Hmmmm 46 votes doesn't cut it
Tell Booker to worry about Newark. Kids are killing each other there. Crime and drugs are out of control.
You & @NancyPelosi better fix this fast. We're here again in part bcuz taking the heat  off the debt ceiling gave Rs the opening/time.
Blah blah blah

Please stop them-I have 2 autoimmune diseases 2 procedures this week infusions every other mth cant sleep now due 2 worry re losing hlth ins
Alert : Schumer caving to give up some dreamers to save others . Could it be true? He does have a partial brain!
Chrissy will walk you through it, he loves walking!
Are you on ACA......no,....why not.
Thank you for fighting for the health of the American people!
Yep two idiots talk to each other you mean one from New York and the other from New Jersey
The DNC must systematically evaluate strategy, start playing chess- No More last minute panicky spread the word bull !
I want Universal care. I want equality. $2500 per person per year is $1,000,000,000,000. Thats a trillion. How do we Pay for this, Senator?
Please keep up the fight, Chuck! And thank you!
Unless YOU Chuck and all of Congress repeal ACA and apologize to 120 million people it has affected poorly to you should all be fired
I guess u dont have chronic illnesses that require ongoing care/treatment. Im alone, dealing w/my conditions & awake now due 2 worry abt ins
We're making calls but you folks are there with power. Please use it.
Wire taped a campaign? Shame on you.
Booker will do anything to protect "Obama"care.  Please remind him Obama was half black on his father's side. Asterisk  *1st Black President
You just want to keep lining your pockets like Pelosi. Big pharma bought and paid for. 

is it cause you both get so much money from big pharma? That is what I c in common between you two
Imran Awan
Can you talk with @SenJohnMcCain
@SenJohnMcCain Graham-Cassidy bill will remove close to 2 million vets off of Medicaid. I don't think that was your intention. Couldn't be!
You will not get much wisdom from Corey Booker.  Sounds like he may be the next DEM Candidate for Pres. Just airbrush his record
Chuck, you're a weak man. Can't be a leader on anything.
Your all crooked
Cory.  What health insurance do you have
Chuck.  Tell us what health insurance you have
More lies and deceptions
Please do better. This is not a game or a sideshow to see who's most popular.
DO YOUR JOB!...FIX OBAMACARE!


How's that working out for you? http://www.msnbc.com/hardball/watch/nyt-prosecutors-told-manafort-they-plan-to-indict-him-1049338435957 …
Just retire already.  You not for the people.  DEM AGENDA.
. Chuck is a turd.
Eat CROW ASSHOLTRUMP WAS WIRETAPPED AND ALL YOU LIBERALS BULLIED HIM FOR MONTHS. PATHETIC RATS
No he wasn't.
Your office took my call. Thanks. You & @CoryBooker need also consider no donations from Rx industry. Vote #NoTrumpcare
Get the hell out of private industry responsibility.  The govt is not an insurance company and we're not socialist
The gov't is in the healthcare business it's call "medicare" ever heard of it? And it's not socialist when we the people are paying for it.
You would fight a bill that cured cancer if Trump had a part of it.
Thats an overused stmt & having personal exp/w cancer, it's nothing to joke abt Furthermore its Trump who cant stand anything Pres Obama did
As someone who has lived in all three of your states, and is related to multiple cancer survivors, thank you! Don't let up!
Cory Booker is a failure in his own right.
When you had to pass it to see what's in it, we knew it was a fail! Now the only ones that can use it are the ones who get it for free.
I can tell you from personal experience that your statement is wrong.
Chucky anything you are against must be best for the people.
Not true
...and no more cozy dinners with the eponymous "care" guy, OK ?
Destroy us
Cause us to hate one another
Lie to a TV camera
Curse all that is good in America
Break us
Spend us into oblivion
Cheat others
Look what they did to Nancy. They will turn on you.
Just another Wealth Care bill.
Isn't that nice...YOU & Corey Booker standing beside Senator Bob Menendez while he's on trial. 
He's a CHILD RAPIST! EXPLAIN YOURSELVES!!!
Cory Booker is a racist. You are a joke.
What's UP Chuck I just can't believe that IN your heart you believe Obamacare IS. NOT a POS.
Seriously?!?! Of everyone you could have reached out to you went to @CoryBooker??  That says it all
Pls keep up fight! Ppl w/chronic diseases stand to lose coverage! Don't understand why some Pols hate their constituents so.
#SinglePayerNow say it! You can't. Good day.
Thank you all!
I thought Booker was watching his $20,000 invest as in court.
Chucky y'all fighting it because we the people won't be stuck paying 4 the Congress & ur staffers subsidies & 4 all those freeloaders
You know what? Im not a freeloader. I pay my ins prem evry month. W/a pre-existing chronic condition, Id likely die under this proposed plan
Blind leading the blind.... #maga
NJ can't stand @CoryBooker - guys the biggest fraud
#DoNothingCongress. Figures, all NO and no plan.
Well youre certainly triggered. I guess its hard accepting the fact that Trump is in over his head in a job he's not remotely qualified for.
Hey GOP, I need my coverage for chemo to live. I have grandkids that love me. I'm a real person with real cancer. I'd like to live please
Exactly!
Thank you Senator!
.@SenSchumer .@CoryBooker .@ChrisMurphyCT, #SaveOurInsurance #SaveOurCountry
How does any GOP member expect to be re-elected? You would think this would be political suicide. Surely they know this. What am I missing?
Either they're counting on the idiocy & short memory of the American voter, or they're counting on Putin.
U talked to CoryBooker, did not know he could every time I have seen him open him mouth all that come out is scat, Same with C. Murphy trash
There's your 1st problem!!
Cory booker...lol
Laugh long at the idiocy of Booker the King of psycho babble and toilet bowl philosopher
3 heads are better than....well nevermind
if you like your plan (if you can afford it)you can keep your plan. Hey Chuck,  has cory invited you to camden?
You're investments are in line with Obama care and you can't switch quick enough. You stand to lose millions. #Backtoworksenaor

Did @jonfavs @jonlovett & @TVietor08 enlist Cory Booker to do a nightly Facebook Live talk show called "Pod Save the Senate?" @crookedmedia
If you care about your families HC, then make sure you check out how bad the @SenateGOP HC proposal really is, understand it & say hell no.
That's because that is all you do Chuckie, obstruction n w/ Cory the theif.not surprising.cant wait till you are investigated! Dirty money
Fighting for our lives again thank you!!! Get one more #gop
Gov't needs to get out of the healthcare business. American people can make better choices for themselves! #ABETTERWAY
You should be talking to McConnell and The current president of the United States with you like him or not. Put us first
Why don't you get busy talk Impeachment of that godamned traitor Trump & contest the 2016 election that we all know Russia stole
You need stronger meds buddy...delusional 
Chuckie why aren't you working together to produce health care that  helps the American people and that's fiscally responsible?
It makes me sick to hear you talk about healthcare when you line your pockets with ins and pharma money and don't support Medicare for all
Crocodile tears chucky.... U r one of the reasons people hate liberals. Congrats on being a great plus for the GOP
talk about how we can have same insurance as you ,and not pay for it
Hope this fight will be successful! Too many America's will be hurt is Republican's repeal ACA!
Ask @SenJohnMcCain and others why they support a bill @votevets says will cut 2mill vets' care.
.@SenSchumer @ChrisMurphyCT
Two things;
STOP Trumpcare in Senate.
Push @CoryBooker to
run for Pres in 2020!
Thanks.
I'm not sold on Booker. He voted against a bill for cheaper drugs from Canada. He took pharma  & said Canada drugs may not be safe. .
Thank you
#KillTheBill
Shouldn't you be talking to Trump? You fixed the debt now do this
Booker makes thousands a year off of pharma companies

Nope
THANK YOU for keeping up the fight !!!

