This will define this country. What is your point Corey? Btw, nice wording "republicans plotting"?
oh no wait stop the AHCA. Leave Obamacare in place do nothing. I have my popcorn so I can watch Obamacare implode on Booker voters
How about the massive #Obamacare That No one read and Pelosi said "we have to pass it to know what's in it". #transparency?
You LIE @CoryBooker
PAUL RYAN'S BILL NEED TO BE PASSED,THIS IS THE ONLY WAY TRUMP'S FOLLOWERS WILL SEE THIS WILL DESTROY THEIR FAMILIES, THEY DON'T BELIEVE IT!
Says the jackwagon who voted to deny us lower drug prices. #DemShill
See above for links debunking that

Not American health care there's nothing American about it
Snowflake
I saw this starting to happen before the #ACA. This proposed bill should be called Republican Death Care, making sure burdensome people die.
I'm sorry but why is anyone still listening to this Big Pharma jag-off? He sold us out years ago so his pretty populist talk don't mean shit
Hi Kyle, you must be referring to Booker's vote w/ more than a quarter of the dem caucus on a nonbinding amendment.
Is Sen Booker for single payer? Or is he going to continue taking bribes from big pharma after the "pause" ?
What about that trum money @CoryBooker
I'm praying that it will be worthwhile. But how can a WH not for all the people do what is necessary?
Just obstruct it's the democrat way to ruin the nation for us !!
President;Trump and his sneeky Machiavellian posse, who have not heart   for the poor! Mean healthcare bill!! God don't like ugly!!
And your moral high ground includes killing babies in the womb? Please, don't preach to me about giving a shit about anything but you!
Here is a tax dollars. I pay for my HC but cant afford the deductible seems fair not
Has this dude ever looked at what has happened to Obama care?
You still don't care about the poor you still let them die in the state of new jersey
YOU MEAN LIKE OBAMA DID BEHIND OUR BACKS AND MAKING US TAKE IT? IF WE DIDN'T WE WERE FINED ON OUR TAXES!  You FOOL
Why wasn't this important when Dems did it.
you are talking about Obamacare, Obamacare was done in secret. Go home, you are unhinged
You're lying. No one could even read the damn thing until AFTER it passed. 1000 pg. ACHA killed many people but you don't report on that.SMH
#Obamacare has already defined your party hurting millions of Americans #RepealAndReplace #MAGA
Another water down centrist Democrat - nope
And NANCY Pelosi held it up and said we have to pass it before we can know what's in it
What a hypocritical load of carp!

Obamacare was crafted the same way,

voted on in the middle of the night, 

with no one having read it.
Plotting are you kidding me you are a shame to this country!
Deja Vu sorta like Obamacare
I'm done with Booker. 
Cory Booker joins Senate Republicans to kill measure to import cheaper medicine from Canada
I used to think you may be president one day Cory but finding out you took money from kushner then defended him changed that
Booker did NOT support kushner, he said same thing Schumer, Sanders and other dems said which is kushner should be investigated
he did not come out saying he should have his security clearance revoked when news broke of his lying about his meetings with russians
As opposed to the shit storm it is now. Created by you and your filthy people? I'll take my chances.
Hey Booker people chose on Nov8th and decided they didn't want this crap called ACA
This episode of Key & Peele isn't that funny.
oh...@laquacious_lf maybe we spoke too soon :/
Just like nancy Pelosi said we have to pass it to see whats in it.  HaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
We have faith in you Sen Booker you make NJ proud 
Just like obamacare only then you kept yo mouth shut. Come on now. Who u kidding cory.
More DEM Selective Dementia aka HYPOCRISY. Let me quote @NancyPelosi on the DEMs failed attempt at healthcare...

He's lying along with piglosis and all the little shills the only people that will lose HC are illegals who have no right to it
and how is this any worse than passing one without reading it in its entirety? that put the screws to anyone 70 and older?
Where was this when the AHCA was being passes??? Oh, wait they were silent. Transparency in all Government  #TermLimits #transparency
Selfishness is the cause of most man made problems. Selfishness is the opposite extreme of being good in the eyes of God.
Obamacare was a compromise that took money from people who could not benefit from it. It was unjust for many and now it's going bad again.
The biggest problem is the business profit approach to health care. I believe it increases costs 20-25%
@missjennjenn71 @CoryBooker thank you corey
SHUT UP!!
Sen. @CoryBooker  outstanding words, you have a strong voice for All America, thanks for your Leadership & Commitment!!
But how do we stop them from passing it? They are breaking every rule! Not listening to us!
Since secret changes to the ACA will negatively affect millions of insureds, why aren't we allowed a national vote?
#DemandTheSamePlan
SHUT UP ALREADY!! HYPOCRITE!!!
What have you done for me you hack?
We're done for . It's over.....
Why didn't you back Senator Sanders bill when he was promoting that very thing, @CoryBooker?
But it's about the money. Surely you don't want them missing out on their bonus
After what Obama and Dems did to us with Jonathan Gruber, how dare you!
Thank you, Senator Booker, for speaking up. Such admiration.
Mr. Hollywood is back. Seems all he does is have his face in a camera. Suppose there's no problems in NJ or country
dems did the SAME thing w/ obamacare
Corey stop crying! I vomit when I watch you talked  remembered Obamacare Don't tell me it work cost me $30k per year for family of 2
This guy is an idiot. He said Clinton News Network- CNN that the Russians are coming. The Russians are coming. Well where are they?
I would like 2 meet with u or someone n your office the next time I am n DC.  Working together 4 workforce issues is essential 4 our future
We are with your Cory @SenBookerOffice, keep speaking truth to power.  #SaveACA #TrumpDeathPanels #TrumpCare #AHCA #BoycottTrump #Trump
He's right we can't stay silent in the face of this
Hey Cory why are you silent on how the pharmaceutical companies pay you to do their bidding
Have you asked Ivanka and Jared what they want to do?
where were you on cheaper prescription drugs!
Please read @mattklapper 's 3 comments to answer your ?
Saw one and responded. Haven't seen the others. Sorry.
Oh well GOP pay back to your liberals guys! Don't cry Corey! Remember Obamacare huh?
While the issue of health care certainly will affect you, it is a matter for adult discussion, not childish idiotic spittle.
I just told Corey the true I agreed but your liberals don't want to work with GOP at the beginning to fix the mess Obama create
Please read @mattklapper 's 3 comments after you posted
Much respect to you for being open. 
Most sincere. 
Knowledge is power. Never stop learning, seeking.
Share truth, fight for all, bring all you have to the table of life.
@BlackLucifer8 @CoryBooker make your daily calls to the staffers, etc of your Senators.
Thank you! Motivational, Our Government-Our Health Care!
He wants your money to subsidize premiums rather than actual healthcare.
Take a look at the ad for @IronStache for congress from Wisconsin.  Inspirational!
Please do all you can, I am doing all I can.
Amen!!!
