Ask Why the same drug cost so much more in US than Canada anyway.
Sure, man, whatever. Good on you but we'll NEVER endorse a Booker campaign for anything EVER. NEVER. EVER.
Can Booker promise he hasn't hidden some financial goodies for Big Pharma in the bill?
Read it for yourself. Proud to have coauthored the bill. http://www.booker.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=546 …
why only Canada? Q: Why not rest of industrialized world?? UK, FR, GER, Scandinavia, Belgium, etc  A: #donorschoose
Yep.  Donors are going to need some long-term study of all these places to make sure they're drugs aren't dangerous.
I think @CoryBooker meant that the original bill was dangerous.... for profits, HISTORY DOESNT FORGET Mr. Booker
Booker in 2020 - "I led the way with Bernie to lower drug costs, yada yada." Let's file the real story away for then.
Good job! A step in the right direction! …still not voting for you to be president <3
So no diff to Bernie's Amendment other than pages of FDA SHIT that was a given anyway. @CoryBooker @SenSanders @SenBobCasey
Don't thank Booker.  He stood in the way of this reform until backed into a corner.
All those rules will definitely stop half those who need the help from getting it. 
@Varidienne @CoryBooker @SenSanders @SenBobCasey Thanks!
Fact that Ted Cruz supported this before Booker is shameful.
You are still not getting my vote in 2020, Booker. Once a #sellout always a sellout!
he has earned my support
Yeah, good for you, someone who thinks Bernie supporters are "white supremacists". I happen to be Bernie supporter and a POC.
but I don't trust politicians but I don't work and I read the details of the bill?
We have been waiting for you. Sincerely, The Progressives. @SenSanders @CoryBooker @SenBobCasey
i will send my march paycheck to any senator who stands up now to yell "you lie!"
@billm9 @CoryBooker @SenSanders @SenBobCasey is there a fund reserve in this bill to pay for implementation or nah?
You already took your misstep. You don't get a second chance. But thank you for trying
awesome!
wonderful idea
sounds good. Still not sure if the "safety" requirements will hamstring it.
if ur behind it I'm behind u!
why only Canada?
glad to see this! Let's hope Booker quits taking $$ from RX lobbyists!!!
Seriously, how many Americans died while Booker was lying about Canadian drug safety?
This is great but also crazy. If they are affordable in Canada why not here?
#whynowandnotthen?
what chance is there that the bill will pass with pharmaceutical companies objecting?
Anything to lower drug cost is amenable! Choosing heat, food or meds is not a joke.
Who's paying you to push this?
Please make this happen coming from one who has had to rely on imported meds!
thank you Cory  My PM addressed this issue. Thank you I remember your selflessness during superstorm Sandy. 
Awesome but corporatist stigma u faced won't subside until consistency in votes favoring Amercans
you support buying foreign instead of American?  Why cant our companies do it cheap?
yeah you better vote right 
Glomming on someone elses work. Typical booker, do nothing, but always in the PR photo
Please hurry. I hit the donut hole in September.
if u start buying drugs from Canada, Pharma companies will increase prices to Canada.
All for this Bill. But @CoryBooker needs to wash his hands of big pharma money!
could you put some twinkley gold in your gif,maybe .@realDonaldTrump needs help. #ACA @CoryBooker @SenSanders @SenBobCasey
this all sounds good Corey! Now, just keep them from lining your pockets by saying no!
a couple of drug dealers. Meanwhile theres an epidemic going on in this country
Thank you! Now pls defeat #hjres69 & #SJRes18 to protect #wildlife in #Alaska
Gonna need lots! Thanks you!! Prayers for faith strength Fighting good fight
Thank U!! $395/mo on 1 rx is too much on fixed inc,w/pt D. Help us please!
Yeah, well it's on your shoulders to make this happen, since you blew it last time!
This really needs to happen!! Hit the pharmas where it hurts In the pocketbook!! Wham!
I'm with on this one. I support @SenSanders as well, but the law must be clear!
blah..blah..blah
then why did he vote against your first one? #Bernie?
some of these requirements are a little too much, but Im very happy with this, Senator
had your chance last month f*cker, go join corporate profit protectors in GOP, no more neoliberal centrists in Dem Party 
You should've endorsed Bernie!
Noticed @CoryBooker gave himself top billing. Hahaha
I assume you're in damage control after your shameful vote last month. Never mind w/ your Pharma talking points
thank you Senator Booker for making moves on this issue
don't vote against this one Cory please.
After term limits and congress agrees to use obama care for life
That won't happen cause politicians are hypocrites
If Booker in on this something not right
you're talking about drugs appvd by Health Canada? Usually same as US
US Pharma will make sure Trump will charge import tax making them expensive again.
why don't we just negotiate drug prices like Canada.Drugs sold in Canada/US not diff.
Good job senator...it won't get anywhere in the Republican Senate but keep it up :)
it would have passed last time but booker voted no. Corporate pos
It still wouldn't have passed, also wouldn't pass the house or Trump either
if all of the dems voted yes with the few repubs that said yes it would have passed the Sen
Doesnt matter...wouldn't have even gotten a vote in the house...no way in hell Trump signs a bill like that also
then we shouldn't get upset that our Democrats didn't vote yes. It may be symbolic like the no on cabinet noms but it's worth it
∗THAT's∗ your "solution"?

I don't even know where to start.
/ Where can we get the prescription drugs at or from
why even needed its 2017.  this is grandstanding.  do your job
- thank you all. Your efforts are greatly appreciated by this #T1D
Too little too late @CoryBooker. You had your chance. And I won’t be voting for you for president.
bout time he helped @SenSanders and the #PoliticalRevolution
I'll vote for that.
thank you!
Right now Medicare is not allowed to negotiate drug prices-fix that.
Might be a good bill, but read the small print. Booker's taken big $ from big pharma.
we deserve the same health senate/congress has good goose good gander
just let Medicare compete on drugs like the veterans A.. Can buy Canada now
thank you Senators. What is major difference between this bill & the prior bill?
Backpedal, Backpedal, Backpedal, oh no it failed! See I'm progressive! Lol
Who pays for research by our drug companies? Would destroy another American industry?
Still mad about Cory's previous voting habits when it comes to big pharma.
We will now see the lobby come to life and rationalize why they need to make more $$$$
Thank you, Senators!
This bill needs to pass. Call your senators & congressmen/women
senator, you really let me down with your prior vote in the Senate about this issue.
Thanks! Prices for rx are crazy, and pharmacies don't help. Cost of one RX @Walgreens: $550. Same RX @ non-chain: $14.21.
didn't Booker vote NO to import drugs from other counties?
only Sanders cares for the people.  You two are just trying to salvage your 2018 seat.
Why not vote yes on it last month? Not impressed with them!
nothing would impress you. No need trying
the original also required FDA approval, just not as explicitly.  I guess he just wanted his name on it.
Thank you & good luck!
BOOKER IS DONEZO
came back to grandpa Bernie huh
really? Those pharm co's putting $$ in Bookers pockets isn't gonna out kibosh on it??
Glad to hear you listened, waiting for your action.
gooooood. But we will still primary you Coreyyy. #Organize #Resist #Demand
Welcome back, Cory.
you gonna actually vote for it this time, got permission from ur donors? @jimmy_dore
Please vote FOR it this time, please
So I love you Cory but that vote was a bad call. I get it. Money, NJ, big pharma.
Didnt Booker vote against your plan to bring cheap meds from Canada..F**k @CoryBooker
Yep he did
Thank you for changing your mind. We need all the support we can get.

Thank you! This is needed by so many.
Jersey Shore
I like when when a person says  HERE'S HOW
Ok, maybe I can fully forgive you now! Great job, Senators!
@NoFascistsPls @CoryBooker @SenSanders @SenBobCasey so Booker won't vote against it this time?
this is NOT sOCIALISM and is NOT 'oNLY USA'!! 

you'll RUIN YOUR REPUTATION !! 

LOL
LOL you must be joking Candice
way to cover your asses after the nay votes on the first one
Your and Casey are in with the Pharma companies, how much kickback  did you guys get.
Excellent idea. Am being killed by Rx costs; will still be when on Medicare, I learned
Was prescribed an inhaled steroid for my Asthma. $400 & Ins didn't cover-Did without
lets called it the "let's break Canada's drug distribution network act"
So why did you vote against it?
this is how you put America 1st. Fix a BIG problem. Thanks
thank you, Senators, for all of your hard work!
Too bad you vetoed the last one. It was good enough for citizens, but not Cory's bosses
Thank you Senators! We can count on ya'll!
I love it!  That's a start for some good change
Thank u for coming up with a viable solution to this enormous problem!
My pharmacy orders their pharmaceuticals from Canada, so why can't we the people?
no $ in it for Our Elected .... sux
why? Nonsense. Bring down prices here.
