@dj_mac_nificent you are so wrong.  What is wrong with you?
why am i wrong what are you accusing me of ?
what was said about Anne Frank. I did my college paper on her.
i never said anything about anne Frank
not youbthe crazy senator you quoted.
that guy is nuts
GOOD MORNING pretty lady
@ChelseaClinton I do not believe that prove it
Muslims were allies of Hitler because the Islam, the Koran, the Hadith are anti-Semitic!
Um do you remember the Mariel Boat Lift in 1980 that gave us #scarface and the Cocaine industry in Miami?
Wasn't that President ROOSEVELT who did that?  The same guy who interned the Japanese?  #muslimban
Yeah so what? Don't we know the right thing to do now?
You really think anyone who disagrees with you is just WRONG, don't you?
No. But it seems you do.
I didn't raise the issue on Twitter.  I'm not politically invested.  Huge waste of energy.
So why are you here?
Never forget how American Banks supported and helped empowering the National-socialist Party.
I thot I'd found a Dem worthy of respect.But now Booker compares barring slaughtered Jews, to barring slaughterers. Thxalot
@ChelseaClinton was #Democrats #DemocraticParty Roosevelt who sent #Jews to Hitler's gas chambers https://www.ushmm.org/wlc/en/article.php?ModuleId=10005267 …
@hydewright so now its our fault sombody else killed her? .liberal logic
Amen! And thank you, Senator, for pointing this out.
U R INSANE! Sever oversimplification & lacks context or honesty of circumstances.Utter Nonsense! Shame on U!
@kdgoody not true. A lie
True! Democrat FDR did deny Anne Frank's family entry into America. As long as it is a political point, tell the truth!
57% approve the ban, stupid rhetoric that you bting up Ann Frank from WWII, different world now in case u been sleeping
Democrats abandoned Jews in Europe. Democrats tried to stop the Voting Rights Act. Democrats were for slavery.
Trump will help the refugees more than anyone ever has by SOLVING the problem. As, you soon shall see 
sure thing T-Bone

Look up votes on 13th, 14th, & 15th amendments 2 of which were pased w/o ONE SINGE DEM VOTE. They have blacks & Jews
Also he refuses to admit that ALL anti-Jew policies come from the DEMOCRAT PARTY much like their policies on blacks.
Cory Booker is lying to you all. He has refused to tell you ppl that this policy was instituted by FDR - A DEMOCRAT POTUS!
How abt you be honest for a change Booker & tell the ppl that it was A DEMOCRAT PREZ WHO DID THIS! FDR
and which party controlled the government back then????
And so did the netherlands.
Can we also remember we gave 500,000 lives to free them from the Holocaust?  Seems more important than attacking a Dem Pres
@PPact And PP and other abortionists denied pre-born babies their access to God-given Life.
Such a terrible part of our history.  I hope it is not in the process of repeating itself.
my Holocaust parents came after the WWII they were vetted 4 1 yr. learned English & swear allegiance to US 2 b a American
It was a democratic president that denied her entry to the US and sentenced her to death. Your analogy sucks.
@luvauntyruth 
So you're saying the Holocaust was a result of FDR's policies?  Not in the history I learned.
weve gone 8 years turning our back on Israel and now all of a sudden we care about Jews?
Anne Frank was fake to?
Not sure I knew that. Bcame obsessed with holocaust.  Started at 12 yo with Judgment at Nurenburg & then Rise &Fall. Horror
I believe that we can thank Steve Bannon on the timing of the release of the travel ban. He doesn't belong on NSC.
it was cowardly of you to withhold confirmation of J. Sessions. U have become a paid slave to George Soros.
Lastly Senator I am a NJ resident who always always admired you. I beg you not to lie or pander Or behave like a coward.
When all else failed the Franks requested entry to Cuba It wa denied and sadly by that time the US and Germany were at war
That is not true at all. The Franks family never was able to even request entry to the US.
and remind me again who the president was at the Time?  FDR!
Where do you get your information?? Very stupid and hateful post.
different times, different President!
@JackSussek Never forget that on that same day the POTUS appointed a white nationalist to the Nat Security Council
@Zalman888 2016
As a Jew and an Israeli I am banned from visiting very many Muslim countries. A visit may cost me my life or freedom. I've seen no protests
@IsraelSpeaker What has the puppet Booker done about that since he has been in office? Same as McCain- ZERO!
@RonRogersNC @SenBookerOffice @IsraelSpeaker
What a comparison!Jews will glad to hear of it! Circonstances & reasons were quite different.Revise your histor. knowledge!
well, i'll never forget when you voted against that cheap drugs bill,  but who was anne frank again?
never forget that it was FDR who did that. Never forget he also put Asian Americans into internment camps.
The US is no more at fault for the Holocaust than you are perosnally responsible for every Syrian child who dies #AdoptOne
Anne Frank and her family weren't trying to destroy our country. They should have been allowed to come. Not people who hate us & our country
The Irish immigrants were going to destroy our country, the German immigrants we're going to destroy our country etc. Enough.
You don't understand what is happening where I live. I have Muslim friends &work with them. The extremists hate the US & want to destroy it.
.@SusanT2010RN A lot of people hate the US and are destroying the very fabric that makes it what it is. Except they're in charge right now.
I hated what we were becoming under Obama. We disagree. I come from immigrants. I'm not saying stop taking immigrants. Just make sure safe.
.@SusanT2010RN We are safer when we don't ban immigrants. Everything we hope America represents is safer, and we are literally safer.
.@SusanT2010RN We're throwing all international credibility out the window at the moment. And helping fuel hate movements with these actions
.@SusanT2010RN Oh we're not helping the worse off people in the world? But we're still gonna bomb you? That doesn't sound radicalizing??
#WeRemember

sadly she's not here to defend herself against people like u who use her for personal gain. Despicable
@JeffreyGoldberg on Holocaust Remembrance Day: DO NOT FUCKING USE A TRAGEDY FOR POLITICAL RHETORIC.
@ChelseaClinton
Think of the many splendid things she might have written and we might have read, had she been granted entry.
@JeffreyGoldberg And let's also never forget that the current WH communicated their remembrance with NO mention of Jews!
@JeffreyGoldberg That's not true Cory.  Too many were actually turned away. Franks never got that far
@JeffreyGoldberg  yes president FDR, listened to Limburg, Joe Kennedy, and southern members of @TheDemocrats before WW2
@PeterBeinart @JewishVoice As Jews We Stand With Our Muslim Brothers & Sisters! #TheJewishResistance #MuslimBan #NeverAgain
Stop lying about "Our Muslim Brothers"
France: 2 decades of #antiSemitic acts R Islamic Antisemitism
French Silence: https://www.gatestoneinstitute.org/10513/france-islamic-antisemitism#.WT1RBc73slA.twitter …
Conversely the US took in Werner Von Braun and many Nazi scientists.
@JeffreyGoldberg Anne Frank died because Nazis killed her.  America saved the world.
Tell me, Senator, how many refugee families are living with you?
@JeffreyGoldberg America First was super popular then, too! It's *retro* inhumanity.
Thank you, Senstor Booker.  We are all depending on you to force this mad man from the office of the presidency!
<<  let's remember this clown voted against lowering drug prices yet pocketed pharma payoff $

#MAGA #PresidentTrump
Some people have the common sense to know when not to speak... be one of them.
Good maybe Trump provokes nat'l convo on DISGRACEFUL behavior of FDR #Democratic hero during WWII against Jewish refugees!
Yea probably because Anne Frank wasn't hiding c4 under her shirt
"holocaust" a story created by British Intel to cover up Jewish Bolshevik atrocities before, during, and after WW2
It was a shame as Jews weren't going to try and kill us like so many Radical Muslims are committed to trying. #notsamething
@Carlos_Perez and what are you going do about it? Do more then tweet fix this.
Jews WW2 and so called Syrian Refugees are not equal. Stop hijacking the Holocaust you Fool !
photo of my grandparents Murdered by Hitler. Stop Equating Muslims in 21st C to Jews during WW
yeah,,,except it was FDR the DEM! And he denied the Nazi's, much like Obama denied RADICAL ISLAM
Quite low even for you....
do you care about the target you have put on the back of the 5000 troops on the ground in Iraq?  That blood will be on you!
Democrats, Start saying NO!!!!!!!!! Just like GOP did
but the jews never blew themselves up and shot places up in the name of judaism.
You should be ashamed.
News flash to all the left who think this situation is their opportunity to take Trump down. It's not.
.@SenBookerOffice @thepacketrat Correct, #Democrats are scum.  They put people in camps too
#NYC #JFKTerminal4 #NYCcabbies #RefugeesWelcome Bring them hot coffees!
.@SenBookerOffice So, you agree that Franklin D. Roosevelt was a jerk. What took the Dem Party so long to recognize that?!
And which party was in power at that time? I forget...
@CarolineFinn06
The jews are not violenta,the jews are not dangereux to the others peoples.Only Coran and his Sharia legitims crimes.
America sent them back to be tortured and murdered. Why? Was this when AMERICA WAS GREAT?
yes a Democrat did that, and now they're importing major anti-semitism via radical Islam
Being Jewish, I'm offended every time someone makes a comparison between the Holocaust and the Muslims conducting terrorism! PLEASE STOP!
why should this repeat a million times? It should not. #lovewins #Peace #WomensMarchOnWashington #WomensMarch
yeah, because Americans were the real bad guys of WW2. Still wondering why you guys lost?
Thank you Senator Booker for your post.  This is a picture of my Mom's Nazi era ID card.  NEVER AGAIN! #RefugeesWelcome

Not based on religion
done
oh i just did a little research was the leader who did that was a dem
Yeah, FDR and the rest of the Democrats were a bunch of anti-Semetic dicks, weren't they?  

Oh wait, THEY STILL ARE!!!!!
Here in the United States of America we are witnessing the making of evil! The sad thing about it all is watching it happen
Booker is another commie, folks
you're disgusting
ONLY VETTED REFUGEES WELCOME
FDR was a Democrat. @SenBookerOffice
@ChelseaClinton I think you need to tell the whole story Sen Booker. Not just parts of it.
Yeah. Who was President then? Oh yeah it was Roosevelt. A Democrat.
@TheVoiceOfCalm America should be embarrassed!
if that start a Muslim registry me and my husband will register to show solidarity!
like all the Cuban refugees you supported denying entrance?
Cory Booker, please take your medication... please.
Did you fact check this? And do you rmember the Democrats controlled the country during this?
- YOU ARE A SENATOR  Do you even KNOW WE HAVE LAWS ON THE BOOKS? Immigrants come to the USA LEGALLY not illegally
Or forget that, were she alive today, Anne Frank couldn't access affordable Rx from CA, because "Patient Safety"
.@SenBookerOffice comparing us with Muslim refugees is insulting. I hope you never even get close to a dem primary
.@SenBookerOffice  hey attention lover. Us Jews never wanted to kill Americans and were never a threat to the US. Don't compare us with arab
Context: we refused German refugees, we fought (and won) against oppressors - why don't we fight the Syrian/ME oppressors? @SenBookerOffice
She would've been a beiliber...
sweet
Democrats did that. Not to mention internment of citizens of Japanese descent.
President Roosevelt decided that Jews with relatives in Germany were security risks.
And then history goes and repeats itself, even still!
I am furious.
I think most of the world is. He is indeed, frightening!
I am surprised he didn't include Mexico-  Oh wait, that's coming next! Hope my brother's family returns to Canada
History lesson, when immigrants came through Ellis Isle they were vetted. must know history Booker
Booker get a clue
what's funny is that the president during the time was FDR, a democrat, or do we just overlook that? 
Booker trying to get Jewish support already, There is no comparison,there were no terrorists in Jewish refugees
@Glock35Gal  Sen. Booker - Save our nation and all that it stands for, from our "president".
http://truthfeed.com/breaking-the-past-six-presidents-have-banned-immigrants/49400/ …
It's good to know he had a change of heart. Thank you for this, Pink.
@adamhjk Common. I’m not anti-Semite but “official” story of Anne Frank full of lies. Use real stories of Jew murdered WW2
Le Journal d'Anne Frank était mon bouquin d'enfance "important"; je le dévorais; il suscitait beaucoup
2-  d'"émotions" chez moi.
J'irais jusqu'à dire qu'il a contribué à mon éducation "humaine".
Don't forget that Democrat FDR was in charge then.
we won't forget because Anne Frank will b replaced by a Syrian family name in the years to come. Way to go Drumpf
ISIS wasn't chopping heads off then.   I support vetting them more.   Trying to protect Americans is a  good thing.
@ChelseaClinton that is terrible looks like history repeating
Thanks for not using this solemn day to make a political point.
and plenty of people came here after vetting. This is a war. This is what happens, lets not be in denial of what war is
How many of those muslim countries would allow Christians to settle and become citizens ?
okay but Jewish people didnt cause terror attacks 
Shame on you and your statement.
@SenBookerOffice Your comments are clearly your grandstanding to further your political gain. You cannot really be that ignorant or naive.
.@SenBookerOffice The real equivalence is Obama Admin lack of help to Christians and Yazidis persecuted and killed by Muslims in Mid East.
Yep. Their entry to US was denied by DEMOCRATS 
@CNNPolitics @AP @AP_Politics @UPI @ABCPolitics @NBCNightlyNews
never forget that obama and the democrats treated Israel like our mortal enemy enemy for 8 years. You condoned that
never forget you signed off on that Iran deal. We Jews haven't forgotten that you did. Don't use Anne as your prop.
Read up.  US not the only one. UK may have  been even worse
we have a long shameful history
Thank you!
wow between this and Japanese internment... the Democrats really hated immigrants back then.
well said Please do all you can to stop this mad man from destroying your country's reputation
Disgraceful association.
Great sentiment. Now apologize to those you screwed over.
let's remember that the president back then was a Democrat
You must have agonized over how to wrangle the Bush family into this.
wasn't FDR Democrat potus at the time? Try fact-checking your biased post..
What he posted isn't completely accurate and it's actually a simplistic view of the facts.

We can thank the narrow minded #democrats at the time for that.
Those who forget history are doomed to repeat it
Senator Millie Perkins May 12, 1938 
Passaic, New Jersey, USA. She playedAnnFrank in'59& She'd be ashamed of NJ NOW!thx2U
FDR
Wow....talk about pathetic reaching. What about the people being accosted by the like of MB, you know, 1s YOU support?
Esp considering the Jewish people hadn't declared war on the US. Thanks for acknowledging that FDR was an awful president.
and if she was still alive today you could vote to deny her affordable pharmaceuticals #pharmaowned #corporatewhore
