We must demand Congress pass bill to stabilize health care marketplaces & lower premiums

We beat back repeal. We'll beat back sabotage 5/5
With McConnell CBO Report its,
Garbage @ACLU Lawfirm @MaddowBlog @kylegriffin1 @tribelaw
The Democrats want to save a system which is like the Titanic, except they want to keep selling tickets.
It WAS working, but GOP stripped it, it's STILL working, but not after what DT did.
No maternity care, higher senior care, pre-existing care
No one has touched the unaffordable healthcare plan, it's self destructing all on it's own, apparently you use MSNbc as your news source.
and u?
Which one are you?
The one taking the photo.
Glad you cleared that one up. I was worried about you fogging up your glasses...
no, just love watching repugs getting their facts.
Are you still receiving money from Big Pharma?
What makes you think that taxpayers want to pay for services they will never use only to have them used by someone else?
Cost sharing ? More like corporate welfare for a failing uneconomic program.
Why can't you support Medicaid for people with needs instead of saying sabotage like other dems pass his plan before reading it o.k.
Dems wrong on everything
YES! Please, we need ACA badly!
HISTORY MAY NOT REPEAT ITSELF. BUT IT DOES RHYME! Mark Twain
The ACA cost sharing payments are unlawful. You can fix it
Great!  Now what’s your plan?
Actuall trump makes a rather compelling argument for Single Payer!
Democratic word of the week. “SABOTAGE “
Trump is disrespecting the clear will of the People's votes to keep the ACA,throwing democracy under the bus. He is DICTATING what he wants.
"ACA" IS NOT AFFORDABLE AND IT IS FAILING ON ITS OWN.
WRONG
So actually following the law is "sabotage"? Exhibit A why Democrats are unfit to govern.
That’s easy. Repeal. You’re welcome.
You know he’s distracting from his failure to implement Russian sanctions as required by law, right? And the election hacking?
Cory you are smarter than the old liberals
Doesn't @realDonaldTrump know he has just removed the Healthcare for his 32% of supporters, The MORON and Chief just hurt himself.
Thank you for all you do @CoryBooker

But half of Congress doesn't understand and won't support
The effect on HIS BASE WILL BE HUUGE THEY WILL BE MOST AFFECTED BY HEALTHCARE LOSS 
BUT THEY DON'T VISIT HIS HOTELS & GOLF CLUBS NO  4 HIM
There is no such thing as ACA cost sharing payments anywhere .Those payments were made by Obama not congress which is unconstitutional
If U corporate Dems had voted to regulate big pharma and passed Medicare for all instead of corporate welfare, this wouldn’t be happening.
Yes.. Comgress should pass a bill. Current funding of insurance co. Subsidies is unconstitutional and illegal. Is it not?
Doesn't mention that these so-called "cost sharing payments" were declared illegal and Obama violated the Constitution when he did this!
white ppl, u got opioid and meth epidemics, crack infilteration, alcoholism! How u gonna pay 4 all that rehab now? Gettin Greater by da day!
Then DO something about it.
@CoryBooker myself and my family are three of the millions being most effected by this: make a little too much for assistance, but the...
Cost is still untenable for us. We have a tiny family business. My mom is recovering from cancer. I have multiple pre-existing conditions...
that need constant care and medications. I may have to leave the business so my parents can afford to pay their own insurance.What do we do?
Cory, haven’t heard your proposal to health care.  My talk about the moon is meaningless until my footprints are there.
.@corybooker shouldn't engage in bald-faced lies as CSR payments to insurance companies are illegal. Rather than criticize, negotiate.
How is this happening in 2017USA? It's  a nightmare!    Looks like country's  exploding from inside by gov't. WTH?!
Booker why ain't ya'll fixing ACA it's ya'll messed up bill
If they pass it will the president* enforce it.    How are those Russian sanctions going?
Be more popular and see the tangible results of physicians and nurses in their society instead of just an insurance card in their pockets
?
Improve access to care by mandating Med students do a rural medicine rotation. It’ll improve training and access. People will find this to
This is why their agenda is clear. Btw single payer and not repealing the aca the dems agenda is confusing for the general population
The democrats need to repeat that they will improve access to care and then do it. The #gop is always clear and repetitive of their goals
Isn't that the point to make Congress do their jobs and do it leagle unlike previous administration
Time to raise your voice for single payer
Illegal cost sharing payments Booker, or don't you know what Obama did was against the constitution? And your a lawmaker!!!!
Get out of The pockets of Pharma Companies Stop taking their money & fix the problem Healthcare is too expensive ACA is not affordable
Mr Booker PLEASE GET YOUR NOSE TO THE GRINDSTONE SO YOU CAN REPLACE THIS FOOL IN THE WH IN 2020 IF HE LASTS THAT LONG!
Every morning I wake up to watch the news & every morning,  this disgusting neanderthal has found another obscene method 2 take our rights
We must negotiate for better RX prices or be able to get branded RX meds from Canada. You promised. We are waiting.
Yes, congress needs to repeal & replace with health care that works, and is affordable! NOT GOVERNMENT CARE! Be a leader, and work with DJT!
It is a white lash
What else can we expect from a man-child, trashing everything President Obama accomplished ACA worked needs fixing, having NOTHING?Man child
Ask yourself Cory........what have YOU done to help the ACA?  Get off your ass and #doyourjob
Cory I will admit you have a forceful personality. However, it stops there you're an empty suit.Trump will prevail, overall it'll be better!
sir, what are you & your colleagues going to do about this?Many people are depending on our representives in Washington to do more then talk
Haven't you figured out yet Washington doesn't care about America citizens
I'm terrified my daughter has #22q11 and will always have preexisting condition. I implore you enough is enough please invoke the #25thAmend
For what he is an elected officials by the people
What will Congress do? Do R's care? Rs failed 3x to get repeal through. POTUS effectvely signed it away.
No you didn't beat back repeal, you stood on the way, like the good little socialist that you are.
This President is not a President for the people he is the president for himself just like GOP puppets for donor's
Senator why don't you just WORK WITH @realDonaldTrump? You would rather fight, waste tax dollars & smear a good man. No re-election for you
We must inform low income voters that they are supporting policies that are not in there best interest. That is how to stop this train wreck
So demand Congress birth unicorns then? Ok.
You must get out of the health care business period.
I'm uninsured bc self insured. Monthly premium $2,460. Unaffordable! Help the self insured cost 2B reduced. ^300%
Efforts to sabotage the ACA elevates Obama's accomplishments. Congratulations, @realDonaldTrump, on highlighting Obama's greatness!
Obama accomplished SO much with everything against him, JUST because he cares about America& ALL in it. Trump is a Man child taking fits SAD
With all due respect who cares about threads now?? PLEASE DO SOMETHING to protect . #UnfitPotus #ImpeachTrump
What obama did was against the constitution. Too bad we didn't impeach him before he tried to ruin the country.
Now who's taking advice from the Russians.
My insurance doubled when ACA came into play, & I couldn't afford it any longer &lost my doctors with Obamacare.
Pay attention
Would love to know how Dems will address this? Approval of the budget, seems like a good opportunity to pressure GOP on ACA Cost Sharing.
This nitemare was Dem's baby from onset. Yet not 1 Dem wants to help fix the Atrocity. 
Typical Dems-Screw up & Blame others-
Incompetence
THAT is a lie. The ACA needed fixing but what is happening now is 100% the GOP & Trump. Dems also asked myriad times to help & Ryan said NO
Please fix this!
The subsidies are illegal! Period! Full Stop! There is no argument for unconstitutional actions of Obama!
Amen!
Hey Cory, we tried to warn you Obamacare would fail. The failing system in place is exactly what your party voted for.
So What r u in congress going to do about it Booker! All talk no action!!!! Impeach the evil lunatic in chief NOW
pl explain what POTUS has done 4 impeach. He's working for the good & your not happy.#Trump2020
Dem's gave us ACA, now shut up and pay your rising bill!!  You'll love it,  Nancy Pelosi said so!!!
Amen! Thanks for speaking out and telling us to stay positive and fight the good fight. We need all Dems to speak about SOLUTIONS!
Cory, when will Dems spt a plan that preserves our freedoms by observing natural and inevitable competitive market forces? These fake plans are just pol pandering.
That speaks of socialism, just like they have in Venezuela, look how they turned out!
If you pay taxes and use public schools, the fire & police dept, public roads, etc THAT’s also Socialism!! SMH
Kill Obamacare now
You are just upset your big Insurance donors are getting cut off
