I loathe you Dems that think you can force me to buy something! Get out of our capital
It wasnt devastating for the donald he took advantage of buying up property cheap and nor paying workers much to work on them
Thank you for today's #SaveACA  We The People will continue our responsibility to @RockTheVote  and support all who R  #PatriotNotPartisan
Can't quit now !!! Keep resisting
No charity care? That's right, make the working people pay for the poor and low income. Don't you see what that got with Obamacare?

Always wonder how you can lie to your people as you FLEECE their pockets!! Just like the flim flam preacher of the "movement" that seems....
to be among the "ELITE" of the CAUCUS you belong to. SOCIALIST UNITED is what it is. 
COMMUNIST at heart, CROOK ALL THE WAY!!!
@ananavarro @SenSchumer @davidaxelrod @ldforry @RepValDemings @chrislhayes @kurteichenwald @tribelaw @HuggyLowdownDC @KeithOlbermann #obama
@nursenancy23
Dear Elijah E. Cumming , question - when can we expect you to add mass shootings to your list of exploited subjects for political gain ?
I'M A DEMOCRAT AND I AM EMBARRASSED BY THE BUMBLING & SHAKING NANCY PELOSI !!! STEP DOWN YOU SHRIVELED UP OLD PRUNE !!!! GO AWAY PELOSI !!!
I cannot believe that my elected official is taking political advice from an idiot like Jimmy Kimmel Obamacare is a disaster and you know it
My #beforeTheACA story of fighting for my life, I lived in Atlanta then, our paths crossed @BerniceKing spoke to me:
Thank you Rep. Cummings for fighting the good fight for all Americans!
Elijah Cummings is the biggest racist in Congress...F him
Who pays for that? You? No. Us? Yes. I want into YOUR health plan.
And hebis trying his best to provide that for you. It is GOP that is attempting to strip your health care.
Dear Tia Will , question - since when is ACA healthcare comparable to U.S. Congressional healthcare benefits ?

An Emirati social media activist arrested by the authorities on charges of sympathizing with Qatar
#Free_Ghanim #UAE
PLEASE TELL NANCY PELOSI TO RETIRE. NOT CUZ SHE'S A WOMAN OR OLD, BUT BECAUSE SHE IS DIVISIVE, AND CAN'T ARTICULATE A SIMPLE POINT !!!!!!!
Jimmy would be electable, but there's Franken in the senate, stonewalling how you showbiz gits ripped my guitar to make trouble with I.S.
Like ur colleague from San Jose, Zoe, whose office features VICTOR, like other young DDs who help pigs suppress due reports, but he's ESL.
America hates Obamacare and we are getting rid of it. FYI, you are just an employee, we are the employer. Got it?
Please tell Nancy Pelosi to retire from the united states congress !!!! She looks like a decrepit corpse bride !!! Go away.. I'm a Democrat
Absolutely not!
LOL what a JOKE just like YOU
Dear Rep Cummings;
I hope you have completely recovered from your heart surgery. Make sure you take some time for healing!!
#noahca
And pay for it yourself....Oh that's right you want others to pay for your luxuries
Cummings crocodile tears again...You want socialist medicine then all of you leftist ban together and form your own co-operative.
We should never want to return to these conditions
The most racist corrupt person in Washington DC
Are u off the trump wagon now
Obamacare is responsible for OPIOD abuses.
@LNDRN  @DarlingPauline #BeforeTheACA #NOTtheGOODoldDAYS
focus eli
Health Care is not a right, Fascist Cummings, it is a privilege. And I'll not be paying for YOUR privilege. Serve The People by resigning.
We need better healthcare not this garbage the republicans trying to force on us. Healthcare should a NON-profit utility.
Were you moved by the two girls murdered by MS13 gang in Brentwood LI? Several gang  nemberes were ILLEGALS. Thoughts vote panderer?
I hope you show up for THE #Hearing next week?
Why dont you have obamacare @RepCummings
Come on!!! Jimmy Kimmel is a damn comedian!!!! Grow up @RepCummings
Link 2 docs in article.U don't need msm 2 tell u what to think. Biggest gov story of our time & total msm blackout.
I'm in a blue state and my Healthcare premiums increased in record low numbers. The republikkkans sabotaged the ACA.
Dumb people wish for legislation against their best interests. The money is there for Single Payer if we stop the rich from ripping us off
You people are puppets. The money the republikkkans stole for the middle class since 1980 with evil tax breaks will cover Healthcare
Praying for a full recovery. You are greatly needed to offset the right wing madness and treason of Trump.
Appreciate all of your hard work & tireless efforts sir.
May God keep and bless you during ur surgery.
Donald Trump was filming the Apprentice, he's qualified...NOT!
FROM ME THIS IS A COMPLEMENT " OUR REPRESENTATIVE" PRAYING..
Bill Parcels said (football coach for the uniformed) U r what your record is.  Since Trumps win, R's 3-0 D's 0-3,  Amer people undefeated
Hahahahaha...tell Eli to pay his taxes or else he needs to go to jail.
Praying for a quick and Speedy tune up #We need you back on the Battlefield ASAP
there are many ways to nail the trump Circus, one is The RICO ACT.
agree
https://twitter.com/Moondragon_1/status/867872013733572608 …  to you and speedy healing
@RepCummings will be having heart surgery.  He has been one of the biggest leaders of #theResistance
Let's send him our love & thanks. 
remember well.Denied tests
had a mass on my liver.Husband had to fight with Ins Co. Added more stress.test showed it shrunk.saved me surgery
Preexisting condition is not an issue!!
#TheResistance
Best wishes on your upcoming cardiac surgery
God Bless You!  We are so lucky to have you @RepCummings
It's ironic, Obama could have had single-payer but the Democrats were taking money from insurance companies and Dems gave us  ACA
How about working day and night to  create jobs, eliminate MS13, School choice, reduce dependency on government programs!
I know #JimmyKimmel's story moved you and it touched us all as did the sickening evil attack on #freedom in #Britain, don't you Agree?!

 PAY ATTENTION 

"We finally have proof of inappropriate financial dealings with Russia." ~ @Liz_Wheeler 

…
Satan is your master
You hav been a coverup for the Obama administration big time. You have no moral compass.
Im with Ghosts Rider
Thank you Elijah! We love you for your care and support!!
A phrase just used in the Manchester attacks hit me hard. The Republicans are Terrorists they pick on the most vulnerable of us!
My son is a brain tumor survivor. Diagnosed at 3.After 5 surgeries,70 weeks of chemo & countless tests,Donald effectively says "screw you!"
Thank you, Mr. Cummings!
The real COLLUSION IS PODESTA TAKING 453 MILLION FROM KREMLIN WHILST IN THE CAMPAIGN, HRC URANIUM DEAL THAT'S COLLUSION WITH EVIDENCE
Coverage of preexisting conditions, in all cases, is single payer.  Call it what it is.  Countries using single payer have taxes 35-40%?
Love you, man.
Please ask Mr. Comey how he could allow his personal memos/gov't property to be leaked. I have no confidence in any investigation of leaks.
Thank you sir.
Your a joke, "working say and night " lol. Look at Baltimore City, put some time in on that. #alleftliberal #doesnothing
Yes, which you all Probably benefited from and orchestrated well. Clinton and Warren did well, didn't they? American people lost.Typical dem
You should worry about the Illuminati and satanist and how you support them. Do not speak of Christ and then work for the devil. repent


Be fair and see the illegal, the self serving and lies that you  do by ignoring Hillary and Obama. Speak the truth.
WBlower laws do not protect! SarBox limits claimants to a 180 window at OSHA. Many WBlowers r so abused they can't think straight. Extend!
Few people could actually use Obam Care.They had to pay to have the insurance & then pay full price 4 doctor as though they had no insurance
20+ Years of service and you haven't done anything for Americans other than site in your position and eat high on the hog. What a disgrace!
BS protecting your own self.The people voted for Trump and against the Demacrats
It's hard to understand why you support riots and a tax on the innocent people
Former Dem. Why does it take a celeb. to move you? People with preexisting conditions a lot poorer than Kimmel suffering for a long time!
your a racist piece of shit, its garbage like you is whats wrong with government, what about hillary
This preexisting patient now pays $1,193 mo. for healthcare thanks to Obama! Former Dem from generations of Dems.Wil NEVER VOTE DEM AGAIN!
Quit hogging the camera!!!! Move on.
You need a life.  Get one.  Thanks!
Dems have colluded with the Russians there is proof.Selling uranium obama on hot mike saying he'll have more flexibility after the election
@nytimes @washingtonpost @ABC YOU ARE THE PARTY WHO MURDERED SETH RICH. YOU ARE TH CORRUPT PARTY, AND A MAJORITY THINK UR PERSONALLY CORRUPT
What is wrong with you! Are you purposely trying to destroy this country  you and the democrats are accusing our president
Cummings has to fight Trump because he doesn't believe in democracy! Has to save his ass not the country! #tcot
Do you think the American people are as stupid as the people in your district who still believe "hands up don't shoot"?
You don't even believe in democracy lying piss ant Cummings!
As you can see momentum is picking up taxpayers I want to see your health plan benefits I will remind you everyday until u show benefit
What would you know you don't have ACA u have Primo insurance paid for by the taxpayers why don't you show your benefits and how much u  pay
Thay charge what they want now, demos are trying to destroy America because they lost, we need term limits.
After Obama care our rates doubled, are you awake?
it had always been part of trumps health care.  Where have u been
Idiot!!!
Do car ins co's cover damage prior to you switching to them? *GASP* they should be stoned!!! PPL and their PC correct whiny nonsense SMDH
Y'all want to talk about golf. At least trump is making deals on his golf rounds not just because he can.
tell people the truth, ANY COMPANY after a certain period of time, cover ANY preexisting condition. I know, I have several.
Or Obama. He was a real joke!!! Get us further in debt... lied about Syria and countless others. Paid for his family vacations every month
You have a Special Group looking at Russia & Trump Dems don't need DO your own Investigation - YOU need to GET something done 4 America
The hell with the parties...I pick who I think will lead this country the best... it sure as hell wasnt hillary
in the meantime do the right American thing and pay your f****** taxes
You all seem to be forgetting this! 
Oh, you just look so fierce, we're so scared, when president Trump is Vindicated what's your next outrage going to be?
Just watched your briefing. Sounds like a witch hunt to me... sounds like y'all trying to cover up your own stuff by drawing attention away
A discrace to his race.Cares about $$.YouTube video:Why no black should EVER vote DEMOCRAT. Malcolm X said it best.MLK was a Republican
You have become delusional. Pack it in and leave.
Today just as expected & You told the Press to Stay on this so you can drink coffee talk with Schumer & see what Crap to spread next
You seem to think that you know better than what you seem to think that you know better than what the people truly want
I challenge you to invite me to address. But I'm afraid you will prove me right that you don't really want to hear what the people want
U forgot about investigating the leaks. So now u want to get this nation back in track. I'm independent-u feel Dems got it off track. So sad
Democrats need to do something 4 this Country b4 this Country goes broke & stop the Darn "Resistance"work with the GOP & try & do Something
I'm not even a citizen yet but the way your party has acted through the last 10 years gives me cause for concern. Obstructionist petulance
You make me physically ill. I can assure you I know people that can't WAIT to elect you out of your position. Your a WITCH HUNTER!
As you say. This is my feeling.. my feeling is you are still crying about the election. No prove what so ever! Get out of your diapers!!!
Great conference today after the briefing!
You say you represent the people and we want you to do this witch-hunt but is a lie. You represent yourself and selfish self motives
Your a cockroach! You are making shit up and there is manure caked all over you!
By blocking every measure designed to protect the integrity of our elections, the Democrats have proven they have absolutely ZERO integrity!
This is covered! What are you considering pre existing?
You are obviously moved easily! Really....jimmy kimmel! Give me a break!
This is just another discriminatory action on your part! We are sick of it! You don't work 2 hours a day who are you trying to fool! LIAR
Amen! 
Now go put on a diaper and get some sleep you old fart!
I agree the GOP would have impeached clinton for what trump is accused of.The problem you fool, the accusations are unfounded and false!
You rock, Rep Cummings & thanks for your efforts in getting to the heart of the investigation!
Disgrace is what comes to mind when I hear the shit that comes out of your mouth and the way in which you deliver it!
You are the most obnoxious obstructionist rep I've ever seen u and Maxine Waters are the biggest rons ive ever seen

The only Hillary resistance campaign I want to see is #CrookedHillary resisting arrest! #LockHerUp 
this guys crooked as hillary and a racist, vote him out
We must never go back to Obama care-that, by the way imploded! And I wish you would call for a special investigation on Comey!!
U guys r the ones that screwed up our health care system. Take responsability & help fix it. We will remember in 2018. U r 2 long in office
I wish there were more MoC's like you! Thank you for your dedication to the American ppl.
@realDonaldTrump Repeal and replace Obamacare. Democrats only care about being reelected. Did not have Americans best interest at heart
Democrats forced Obamacare on American based on lies and unfulfilled promises You can keep your plan if you want to you can keep your doctor
@RepCummings we had a discussion one on one you promised me you get back to me after the conversation gave me your email never heard back
We where at protest downtown infront of Mayors office right after @fox45 interview your assistant was with you We Shook on it You promised
We needed a pen for you to give me email. I had you just speak i record it . Sent multi emails . No reply ..
