Why aren't you screaming about Trump.  We will talk about healthcare tomorrow
Please look at all of my tweets. And we need to be able to advocate on multiple fronts.
#AmericaSpeaksOut I lost my healthcare when Obamacare too effect. Anything at this point is better than nothing, which is exactly what I got
How exactly did you LOSE your health care? The sole purpose of the ACA was so EVERYONE can get coverage.
I can't help what it was suppose to do.... what it DID NOT DO is cover EVERYONE!
Cory.  This is what I want a hearing on
But I bet you cried bloody murder when a few Trump supporters yelled "lock her up" at his rallies. Shame we can't debate rationally.
Bet I didn't.  I laughed at their childishness because she didn't break the law.  This motherfucker tRump has.  Yuuuge difference. Bigly
Laughable response actually. Between the 2 of them, we know her husband was paid $700k and she arranged to give Russians rights to uranium!!
C'est La Vie!
So, Humana, United, Aetna and Blue Cross have opted out of Obamacare. Cory, it's Obamacare that has hurt Americans. #recognize #MAGA
My premiums are sky high, Obamacare is crushing small business and the unsubsidized middle class #AmericaSpeaksOut
Yeah, but the RupubliTARDS keep Giving 6 Billion$$$ to Israel Annually. just so that THEY stay on the job  #CongressSellouts
What does that have anything to do with Obamacare?
Meet my son, Patrick, directly affected by #AHCA in a terrible way.
A triple whammy for ppl w/ disabilities.
#AmericaSpeaksOut
Bullshit. Stop swallowing the propaganda from the left. Sheep
We don't have to have a story to know that's this plan is immoral and one side for the rich
D. Trump needs to be stopped.  He is hurting so many people. He is turning everything into a disaster.  Many people are going to be affected
SERIOUSLY NO LONGER CARE ABOUT THESE CUTE SPEECHES YOU GUYS ARE MAKING!!!! @TheDemocrats
seriously Cory? You voted not to lower prescription drug prices and now want to know how Trumpcare hurts Americans? Look in the mirror
Only moral & ethical solution is single payer Medicare for all. Oh, that's right. Corporate Dems care more about their donors.
Thank you for your compassion and sanity
Some Pre-existing conditions: taking statin, diuretic, any anti depressant, arthritis.  We need health care for all- single payer.
Why not hold a hearing on what to do when Obamacare drives out competition among insurance carriers and becomes completely unsustainable?
My bills in order of most to least expensive:rent,Rx,car ins,cable,food,elec. Way out of whack! Retired nurse on fixed income. 0-dental,eye
Says the party that voted for the nightmare that lost them the election called Obamacare
You do not even begin to understand the FAILURE of Obama Care...you want to hear a story...Obama Care FAILED! Period...
Please impeach TRUMP first!
We can't keep up. This is a whirlwind. I feel like I'm doing overtime as a citizen lol
This is brilliant!!
My story:  since ACA I pay $1600 monthly with higher copay every year. Was $900 prior.
share my mom's story!Her premiums went up cuz of OBAMACARE an my dad is having trouble paying for it! #AmericaSpeaksOut
Remind me how I love my obamacare at 10k a year
How can you people even focus on healthcare at a critical time like this? ALL your time should be spent on #TRUMPRUSSIA come on, priorities
Understandably
Yes, we need to carry on about our business, but we need to keep the Russian collusion investigation going full throttle as well.  Cory
Repub Senators should ask Dem Senators to give a show of hands who likes ACA.  Done!  They like it so keep it the law of the land.
One way is not negotiating better drug prices, or taking @BernieSanders advice.
Dear Senator, my wife and I were moved to tears by your compassionate words. We would contribute to get this entire hearing out on DVD, etc.
#trump is despicable! He goes from horrible to horrible to distract from #TrumpRussia no matter how many millions are hurt!
Try 675/month
It will hurt no one that can pay for it just like baracks HC bill. I know people paying 5000.00 a month for ACA. Ridiculous!
Can I tell you how Obummercare hurt me? Do you have all day???


Cory, why don't you just go away, you are a very annoying person of very little quality or intelligence, you are just a talking point, shame
@CoryBooker @TheDemocrats actually it's going to cost my family less $$. We'll have the freedom to buy the coverage we need for best price.
Obama Care is already hurting people after its full implementation.  The House AHCA is only a first step in replacing a bad ACA.
Go get 'em, Senator Booker!
How it may hurt...I have 5 close friends who have  ACTUALLY been hurt by Obamacare.
Shameful, hateful, disgraceful, dividing bullies= Democrap! The party that screamed for accepting everyone now spews hate at half of U.S.???
Term limits
Cory, You did nothing when my Deductible went from $2600 a year to $8k under ObamaCare ! Shame on you. I dont have that kind of $$$
plan a hearing on how Obamacare has hurt people?
@SenateDems Thank you for not letting healthcare get lost in Comey scandal.
Thank you for being a bright, positive note in my twitter feed.
If it's so damn great why isnt anyone in Congress enrolled in ObomaCare?
It's too bad that you didn't allow these types of hearings on Obama care.
Not half as bad as Obuma care
Wife is disabled I pay her insurance.  I can't afford higher costs.  Now disabilities may not be covered.  I will be filing bankruptcy 1/
If it goes higher her and I may not be insured.  We are struggling out here.  Please GOP stop thinking of party and help our country
Get rid of Dems nothing but delusional fools.
From their home have access to vaccines, well visits, eye surgery, foot surgery, HEART surgery, OT, PT, speech. They can be cared for.
I had Obamacare, let's get a plan in that actually works. How about you help work with the Reps on this one?
No time for video & 100 reasons 4 me. My students. My students in the foster care system. Medicaid allows them from the time they are remove
Oh go f*ck yourself you dickhead.
Could we have a hearing on Trump obstructing justice too? Pretty please? :)
So I'm guessing if I recorded a video explaining how it would help me and the majority of people I know my video would probably get rejected
My parents lost theirs in TN. Cousin in AZ would pay more than mortgage for his so he dropped it. That was with a $9500 deductible.
oh my...whatever happened to the mantra: 'ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country'
Too bad so sad ...body lotion and rub fast it will all be over in 7yrs. If u need help call rubby.
You Drop Your Privilege HC n go on Obama care! Y n Your Cronies would repel it. , my Premiums R  Up n I had no Options to choose from!
Thank you. I don't want to die; I can't fight for politics or anything once my health insurance is gone. Don't kill citizens for tax cuts.
When #Obamacare was rammed down our throats did you ask middle class workers getting hammered for their story? No? Didn't think so..
Mr Booker we Need all hands on deck trump is above the law
#AmeriaSpeaksOut I'm fortunate, I don't have an awful story to share. But I want ALL Americans to have affordable quality healthcare.
If PE goes away, all loses. ER up, MC rev down, taxes up. Not all about premiums. MC is the problem here.
In 2011, I was denied coverage for asthma. Luckily, I had COBRA when diagnosed with breast cancer in 12. Pre-existing is huge.
@nj11forchange #AmericaSpeaksOut https://www.instagram.com/p/BSrPyj-hZ0Q/ 
So ur asking 4 OBAMACARE stories & how it has actually hurt numerous Americans since started cuz "Trumpcare" isn't the law @ this time
What is your strategy to help states that have 1 or no choice of insurance companies.....Please do not say more government spending
Those funds can generated from taxes levied from the legalization of marijuana plenty of funds for health care for all no higher taxes
I can tell you lots of stories of how Obamacare hurt Americans
Both of health care issues are bad no one should worry about paying premiums when considering health universal care is a must lack funds
What's wrong you don't have any stories to tell yourself LOL
Booker is right to do this. The Resistance needs to multitask. Trump/Congress can do real harm while we "wait".
@SenStabenow our problem our community is how Obamacare has hurt our healthcare.Very limited options for care. High deductible
This happened in April 2004. And yet @usreprodney told us to 'back off'... https://youtu.be/ZXFTr-6XGNI  #AmericaSpeaksOut
Make this insane clown go away! He's ruining America!
Republicans running TV ads extolling Trumpcare.  Using media to deceive the American Public!
Lying loser..Obamacare is hurting Americans..
I am not a mindless prog so I know it still has to go to Senate and conference. You on the other hand...
#americaspeaksout uninsured get charged 4 to 5 times what an insured person is charged and usually end up paying double what insurance pays.
Great  ideal!
Can we start with how Obama care hurt us? 700 month 7k deductable get off your complaining butt and help with the cost reduction.
Why don't you have a hearing on how to improve healthcare rather than all negative.
Why aren't dem senators holding town halls in vulnerable R Rep districts?
Send to Keith Ellison
Single payer is the only solution.
I vote for Dems being the only payers
Personally, I would be happy to leave Trump supporters with zero health care.
With high monthly payments and high deductables you already have.
Good news.
Today the president has fired an FBI Director leading an investigation into his collusion with foreign enemies! #PRIORITIES
House Dems Shouldn't have agreed to the budget without a CBO. No confirmation of FBI Director without Special Prosecutor
U know the story congress gets off on stories of the poor n sick U know damn well how Trumpcare is gonna hurt ppl wtf u waiting for a movie
Divorce your wife, make another baby with her. Move in not married. She can collect all kinds of stuff. Just ask around.
Will you also discuss how Obamacare hurt millions of Americans; huge premiums & deductibles, lost doctors, subsidies, etc. stop socialism!
ACA saved my life and my small business,  if I lose HC 5 people loose jobs. I will take my biz, $ and move to MX where I can afford care.
1) Confiscate wealth from every Democrat
2) Put every Democrat to death
3) Have well-funded healthcare system without garbage humans
4)create facist state where only one political view exists(also see no.2)
5)build that fucking wall 6)become North Korea 2.0
Trumpcare will definitely help my income.
Honestly, Trumpcare at this point takes a backseat.  More worried about the Oligarchy, ineptitude. #comey #conflictofinterest
Easy to say if you're not living with a debilitating illness. GOP will keep pushing on all fronts; @SenateDems must be able to resist all.
Nothing is easy to say right now.  No disrespect intended, simply the core is rotten- remove the core
Small business, Americas biggest employer has been "hog tied". Restructuring business to accommodate Obamacare has lead to unemployment.
POTUS is the opposite of obamas anti business, anti growth weak leadership.
SUPPORT HR676! Healthcare is a right, not a privilege.
I can't find that in the Constitution can you show me where they mention healthcare is a right
It may not be written overtly, but read the preamble. And with good conscience and any logical definition of a right, you would see it.
ALL politicians together have ruined healthcare and education
SENATOR - YOU HAVE OUR SUPPORT - TAKE THEM ON - HAVE NO FEAR - GOD IS WITH US - PLEASE DO YOUR DUTY WITHOUT BEING AFRAID SENATOR - WE  YOU
My healthcare costs have increased significantly. Longer wait times.ACA sucks. AHCA will probably suck. Dr Umbehr healthcare seems right.
My son has Type 1 Diabetes. Kids with T1D would literally die within weeks if they can't get insulin, but it costs thousands/month if cash.
I don't see anything in the new plan to keep procedure/drug cost down. If everyone loses or can't afford ins. How will they ever see a DR?
There should be some sort of profit limits on care for the uninsured.

With all due respect, if we don't have a democracy, HC hardly matters. Saving the republic should be the Dems focus today, period.
Yes, things ARE that serious. That Dems haven't stopped everything &organized to present a strong united front is incredibly disturbing
Today is a critical day in the future of our democracy. This is it. How is it that the Dems don't see that? Heartbreaking and terrifying
Tracey! Good questions. As I see it Dems only care 4 their party. WE Real Americans only matter to them when they're running 4 reelection.
With all due respect the only thing the Senate should be discussing is #TrumpRussia while he sits in Oval Office meeting with them today!
Please name ONE piece of evidence that Trump and Russia colluded. I'll wait....
Nothing should be passed after #TuesdayMassacre . Pause all and focus on trump . Is that possible ??? We don't want trump or his care.
Funny how you say this now. Didn't you vote AGAINST getting cheaper prescription drugs from Canada? @CoryBooker A fake progressive.
healthcare is not a priority today. No business until special prosecutor is appointed. Period. Country in crisis. #Trumprussia
Easy to say if you're not living with a debilitating illness. GOP will keep pushing on all fronts; @SenateDems must be able to resist all.
Cory, you guys need a leader man!!! come on... you know you wanna.. after your DNC speech last year, I think you'd do well!
Can we talk about impeachment first?
All hands on Russia. Full stop
THIS GOES TOO FAR! It is so obvious it is a slap in the face to our country, THEY DONT CARE!
White House spokesman: "Time to move on" from Trump-Russia investigations http://hill.cm/EO9oTLZ  
Please name ONE fact that ties Trump to Russia collusion.  Ill wait.....
"Obamacare" the ACA saved my life without a doubt last year.
That was more than likely the doctors not Obamacare
And you're serious?!?!??? OF COURSE IT WAS THE DOCTORS THAT SAVED ME! Good god!
Oh yeah let's not forget all the other Trump damage that's being inflicted on the public
Like what?  Ill wait......
where should the videos be posted?
Looks like under the hashtag #AmericaSpeaksOut
there should be a meeting on how Donald Trump is hurting us PERIOD.
Trump is hurting your period?  Get a tampon.
This is egregious
