So somewhat like @Snowden then.
Clearly the dumbest tweet of the day..
How so?
Figure that out for yourself, it's quite obvious
Thanks, that's helpful and constructive.
Like your original tweet. That's brilliant
Unless its a protest you dont like, then you whine and cry.
Really...how sincerly ignorant of you. The protesters are all paid 15.00 dollars an hour. OPEN YOUR EYE's, & Listen...
both on the ZIONIST PAYROLL 

the main thing BLACK AMERICANS need is a STRONG FAMILY
BOOKER has no WIFE or KIDS = FAIL
How does not having a wife and kids make him a failure?
Obviously somethings wrong, it's abnormal behavior at that age.
How can he relate to us,
CORY , WE ARE ALL PULLING FOR YOU TO LEAD US!PLEASE RESPOND TO OUR TWEETS  ONCE IN AWHILE SO WE KNOW YOU ARE LISTENING
he doesn't care
You falsely smeared Jeff Sessions stellar career fighting for civil rights.  You wanted him to bend the arc (break rules)
@SenBookerOffice @deray Amen to that!  You are a true gentleman!  Please do not ever falter
Unless it contradicts big pharma.
Westboro baptists say the same shit.
@senbookeroffice I still have the award u gave my dad for serving wwII n the card at his death n flowers n u danced 4 PR
PAID protesters, VIOLENT, have no clue why they are protesting...
In that case, try it sometime.  You might like it.
You are to far left and is not respectful to the president whether  u voted for him or not.
@SenBookerOffice @deray comununist
i hope everyone realize the strong voice the black community brings to every election,
: protest=truth.  Hmmmmm, I don't think so, Corey
When telling the truth, you should tell hoodlums to avoid damage to properties. Get police to protect pt at your cost.
I hope that congress and senate will press for the truth on how far the hand of Russia plays in this White House.

How can you say that with paid protesters where some don't even know what they are protesting.
why don't we hear any from @deray anymore?  He still mad over the election?
this guy would share a quote from a racist that created so much chaos. And people vote for him?  Sad
TYVM Sen. Booker 4 voting against Sessions etc.This is some sorry, messed up Administration. Its embarassing R country.  @deray
@SenBookerOffice @deray Peaceful protest and universal suffrage, these are indispensable to safeguard equality 
Word.
Then tell the truth about how much $ bribes you took from big pharma to vote against the working people of American!
Protests USED to be genuine public outrage on display. Now it's bought and paid for to cause chaos and turmoil.
its a shame that blacks only say something in February but the rest of the year you never see them.
well I wish more blacks stand up and speak in front of the world not behind the doors.
@dera  Never Forget! Stand up for our democracy. It's a slippery slope to autocracy! Protest Nonviolently! Speak Truth To Lies!
Black life does not matter in Chicago, Where are the protesters? 8 yrs of silent? You lead we'll follow you.
please keep speaking the truth! Your voice speaks for many.
Translated..."whitey don't belong."
You say the Corniest things!!! Your not MLK!!!! Wannabe!!!!
except when I don't.....#sellout bought and paid by big Pharma. 
LOL, whatever, obstructionism at its finest courtesy of the donkey party.
your only worried about the poorest people not the working people that keeps this country going
is March white month I get so sick about hearing it's black month did y'all forget bout whites
so all the rioting the left  supports is truth telling ? I agree the truth is the dems promote violent rallies.
Say's the guy who voted no to lower PX drugs. Booker has received more money by big pharma than any other senate democrat

HAHAH little cory .when was last time you told the truth? HILARIOUS
 Really!!?!!
Please push for a bipartisan investigation into Trump's Russian entanglements and conflicts of interest.
you don't have what it takes to know or understand the truth
keep fighting for us senator Booker!!
verizon cut my bill in half -truth
when will you tell the truth about T Bone?
you mean you are going to try it for a change you might be kicked out of democratic party
is Tim Scott and Uncle Tom or not?
WhoINeverMet
~TELL WHO IS THE MOM OF #AllLivesMatter?
& BlackLivesMatter #BLM WLM BrLM..~TheExamplesOfIt
INTERESTING?
I'LL FOLLOW UP FOR BUSINESS, BUT U HARBOR A FUGITIVE!!!
#IdTheft @FBI See BLM WIKIPEDIA~Plagiarism
THANK YOU SIR! @CoryBooker @FBI
HE WILL HAVE HIS OPPORTUNITY IN PUBLIC & IN COURT
BLM IS #GLORY4GOD I APPRECIATE @SenBookerOffice WITNESSES
@SenBookerOffice @deray I am in so much trouble! I do not know what to do? I am so sorry for causing problems for other people!
how much money do you get from corporations ? Are you gonna stop talking money from special interests ?
Have you ever told the truth Cory?  Protest us usually just mob rule, at least form democrats.  Most have no clue.
that's stupidest thing I have heard today.
@SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker @deray What is anyone doing to stop the take over of Trump's Russian agenda and the white supremists and bigots
just because the guy's eyes Blink..doesn't make the pic any less ridiculous...lol, Grow Up Cory!
In the spirit of telling the truth, did you know Imam Qatanani was linked to terrorists when you marched with him?
Fake ,racist, stirs the pot of discontent.Born looser and liar, soon will be a bad memory of the alt. left. Born failure!
"truth telling"???! What rubbish... More often it's just your preference or opinion, no "truth" involved
Stop all your jabbering and start doing some real work. TALK IS CHEAP
What do you think of protesters who destroy property and attack and beat those who have a different political view ?
you don't want to know what the TRUTH really is
as Jack Nickelson said Dems can't handle the truth
You talk a good game...but alas words words words only words?!?
Truth anywhere today is at a premium...and then it is someone's version of the truth.....exhausting!
Do you disavow?
Hands up don't shoot that was truth telling at its best right Cory?
Mr booker you wouldn't know truth telling if it slapped you right across the face,spare America of your nonsense please
unfortunately, several states, including mine, are in the process of outlawing peaceful protest.
when was peaceful protest Berkeley the day of inauguration please tell me when
unless one of your big donors object-Dems gave us Trump by election fraud. Same old use em for votes-cash in DNC rhetoric
well then Canadian prescription drugs are unsafe?... liar liar pants on fire.
Tell the truth about why these left-wing protesters aren't at work everyday ? I think they are afraid of work. 2018 !!!
protests R a group of shared feelings- so there is truth in many gathered in protest stating Big Foot needs protection?
@KristieK929elle @deray @CoryBooker,ask your pal, Gina Raimondo why Goldman Sachs is involved with CCRI? No benefit to students.
#notmysenator
Then how come your hiding in your GAY CLOSET with your boyfriend? 
we see you rioting and we as Americans want to know why it's so out of control and violence isn't PROTESTING
thank u!! call
out! @GOP sold US sov 2 Putin & the WH to white terror.
#Deray is a puppet, bought and sold by rich old white people like #GeorgeSoros and #The Woods. #BLM is a joke...like you.
SoreLoser!!!  #SoreLoser!!!!
the truth is that charter schools hurt more children than they help. When will you & McKesson stand up for ALL children?
Truth is one thing..Dems thugs & protestors have destroyed lots public & private property..No xcuse.!
Why did you vote against Bernie's proposal that would allow pharmacists to import cheaper RX's from Canada & elsewhere?
because they are not properly regulated by the FCC there is a chance there maybe other chemicals in them
just be civil  an respectful to property and others that don't share ur same views
Booker you would eat your own if you could run 4 president. Ur a dismal liar. Glad ur a liberal socialist back stabber
then tell the truth about how ur in bed with big pharm!!
exactly! Go peek at maxine waters tweeter. Ugh
if booker gave a 5 word speech he would have to read it as he does everything written for him
Amen! Many thanks for sharing!
Exactly! Freedom of speech. Unless POC are protesting, then somehow it gets termed "riot."
right. The most peaceful riots in history, save for those teaparties queen Victoria threw. Those were wild.
than come out and tell everyone you will always vote in pharmaceuticals favor when  a vote is in  their interest?
I am so glad we have you on our side. Please take the fight to the fascists.
hey man still voting against you in the primaries after your vote against Sanders' amendment. you suck bad man, peace out
why am I not surprised you live in jersey. And you said you were doing something about the people below the dam. 
no man i said i'm just using them to score ideological points on twitter, like you are. that makes us good people
lmao at what you do on twitter matters.  Bwahahahahahahaha.
if it doesn't matter, then how am I supposed to feel morally superior to those elitist celebrities?
feel however you want.
