While I disagree w/your pharma vote, I applaud your efforts to block Sessions' confirmation. So important.
Corey I am Boston supporter, why did you vote down protecting the affordable care act ?
just a year ago you were giving high praise to Senator Sessions, why do you call him a racist now?Ur being a hypocrite
nitwit
Isn't this the guy that wants poor people to not have their medicines and die?
@SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker 
You did not cite 1 fact, but only spoke in generalized broad sweeping attacks. Disgusting.Self-serving
that was my thought throughout. He had no facts. That's when it was apparent was 4 attention
And you don't hear a peep from him now. Like a sneeze: feels great when it happens, then over
u were soooo disgusting today. Tell me, what's it like to not have any character?
Tell the good folks about T-Bone Corey

interesting that you extol virtues of the good senator in Selma but now he sucks? Ah, u liked him before u didn't. LOL
John Carruthers Stanly was largest slave owner in North Carolina he was a democrat and he was BLACK @NAACP !
we appreciate you Booker!
Why did you cross the aisle to vote down cheaper meds? Corporate Dems are worse than GOP - wolves in sheep clothing.
It won't be forgotten. You can count on that.
Lying Dems, dishonest Dems they are killing themselves off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoi5JrLT1ME … @Blacks4Trump16

https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=YFJrQ7XRC_g …
grandstanding doesn't do no goood. Maybe vote the right way, and not what your donors say. Neoliberals are done
@RepStevenSmith @michellemalkin booker is a hypocrite
@JudiciaryDems @CoryBooker represent us or get out of the way for someone who will. #stopsessions
http://ln.is/dailycaller.com/.../LZNMF …. Bet you wish your hypocrisy wasn't available right? LIAR then? or Liar NOw? pick one Be a man
It appears as though GOP doesn't care about any of the nominees background, history repeating.

"I feel blessed & honored to have partnered w/ Senator Sessions in being the senate sponsors in this important award."
Senator Cory Booker 
@stockedwood @amprog @CoryBooker @DanScavino if this guy will just be a real man he would be faithful to what he says.  Man-up!
Hope like you are bringing
Liar
so you were lying 1/24/16 on CNN about Sessions. You are a Fraud!
thank you for standing up.
then sellouts americans because big pharma owns him, pitiful., a sham like trump, putin on a show
You voted AGAINST the people by voting down Sanders amendment for cheaper drugs #CorporateShill
@SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker Senator Booker thank you for fighting for our democracy and civil rights! You have my full support!
Til he stabs u n the back to get ahead
it's interesting you trust trump
He's not a dem or a rep both crooked he's an outsider who happens to b rep in name only
Trump is so crooked! Dems and reps together and on steroids could not come close to how crooked trump is!
see He's your president now.......Give him a chance.
he had chance to release his tax returns,divest his business,conduct ethics clearance of his nominees
What he did and will do is all legal....what's wrong with that?
https://youtu.be/yCMz2LLzZ-g 
Cory is getting his name out for 2020. Help NJ create jobs. Help Newark. Cory has done nothing
Like the empathy that you demonstrate by smearing an innocent man? Sessions is FAR from a racist!
Did you forget this?
From the man that praised Sessions last year. Hypocrite.
thank you for being a man of integrity, and standing up for the rights of all Americans. #grateful
bullshit. Besides its all moot anyway. @SenatorSessions will be our AG. but nice try!
LOOSER......
Oh the hypocrisy of the Democrats just makes me laugh.
like who ?
Plz ask re receipt of Phyllis Schlafly Award for Excellence & ans. to questionaire on Eagle Forum site.
do always have that stupid smile on when you doom people to die unnecessarily? The desolate one awaits you with glee.
sad you misrepresented who Jeff Sessions is to further your career. I had higher hopes for you.
I would note Sessions has prosecuted more Klansmen and enforced more school desegregation cases than you.
Thank you! Now is the time for greatness, for healing, for compassion, not for hate & fear. @amprog @CoryBooker
came off as two faced, but, that's a liberal trademark. Praising and stabbing for politics #Sessions deserved better
whiff
You made a horrible mistake voting against Bernie's amendment good luck running in 2020.
Look at me Cory says "I want to be next Obama'.
but lets not lower drug prices for American, hypocrite
These Democrats just voted against Bernie's amendment to reduce prescription drug prices.
You're such a sellout. Bernie will obliterate you in the primaries in 2020.
we see you  for who you really are bruh
we  will remember your vote against lower drug http://prices.run  for president,you will lose.bought and paid for
make sure he has a mirror.
as long as "hope and healing" doesn't include any prescription drugs. #Corpocrat @CoryBooker just made sure I can't afford those.
@SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker 
WTF is up? U voted against Bernies Big Pharma bill? Who r u? Closet GOPiggie?
yet @CoryBooker supports facism is Israel and their apartheid against Palestinian people. Hypercritical.
Please don't run in 2020. We don't need you.
GOP rep: Sessions attacks part of ‘war on whites’ http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/AAlMlLR?ocid=st …
.@amprog @CoryBooker Why did you vote against making prescription drugs less expensive?
But you were OK with the Clintons. SMH No coat tails for you.
<-#shameless. You voted on the side of big #pharma instead of the American people.
but he can't vote a yes for cheaper drugs?!? Senator Cruz voted YES!! Rand Paul even voted YES! You are not progressive!
Bookers a racist who doesn't like Sessions because hes white. Enough with a the race card Corey! That's why Trump won. Sick of it.
yeah, 'cause you showed empathy in the Senate vote on healthcare policies this week. your words are hollow, shill
is a NEOLIBERAL and is contributing to the fall of the Democratic party. #BigPharma #Sellout #Hypocrite
Hey Cory why in the fuck did you vote against Bernie's prescription drug amendment?
u hv always bn my fave but YOU KNOW sessions is the rt pick to uphold the law. I'm embarrassed for you
yeah stand up for cameras Cory then screw us with your big phrama vote in the middle of the night. No more donations 4 u
We do NOT need criminal justice reform!
You are TOTALLY WRONG about what this country needs in an AG! Thank GOD we won't have another Lynch or Holder!
Oh you mean like your guy Eric Holder?  He was very racist and hostile towards whites and conservatives. What say U?
More #liberalhypocrisy Did you forget the praises you gave @SenatorSessions 
#ConfirmSessions

what the hell is wrong with you? Some of these prescription drugs cost a small fortune! You & Gov Chrispy-creme: A JOKE
it's over for you Cory, I will do everything in my power to stop you, think I can't, time to come public
I thought Cory could be bipartisan, and not hack.  Then, I saw his viscous attack on Sen Sessions. What a disappointment
You literally do not get why your side lost do you. Everything you have said the last 2 days is PRIME EXAMPLE
give them some other kind of award but do not abuse the Congressional medal of honor
that is for those who fought so bravely IN BATTLE DURING WARTIME AND SAVED OTHERS LIVES WITH THEIR OWN!
And you dare ask for a congressional medal of honor for marchers? Are you totally out of your mind? that is for
but when blacks literally SET WHITES ON FIRE! and kill them or torture them like Chicago barely a blip. Well no MORE!
even thought we Southerners had DONE NOTHING TO DESERVE IT! We were TRASHED! Our graves were DESECRATED! People HURT!
We are tired of the media blowing stories like Dylan Roof into a situation that nearly burned the South down again
WE WANT someone like Him that believes in TRUE JUSTICE for those tortured or burned alive by blacks! WE NEED THAT!
did u enjoy your 15 minutes of BS just 4 attention, going down like the Titanic, be part of the solution not the problem
Who fucking cares when he turns around and stabs us in the back with a vote on lower drug prices?
and it is BLACKS again and again and again! So YEAH we out here are not feeling SAFE from them and we WANT
you DARE question Jeff Sessions? You just want attention. WE AMERICANS SEE WHO ARE CAUSING THE PROBLEMS!
and having torn this nation apart racially and allowing blacks to target whites everywhere & shame whites constantly you
You have a lot of nerve saying this when it is you and Obama etc who tore this nation to PIECES racially!
Hey Senator, how could you vote against lowering perscription drug prices? Paid off much?
HAHAHAHAHa funny you talking abuot courage and then voting in favor of your Pharma buddies so you can get paid. #traitor
did you or did you not previously say, ON THE RECORD, that you were proud to serve with him-That he was a great man?
Booker owned by the pharmaceutical industry apparently.
<--- Bought by #BigPharma
We will stop you.
This is unbelievable.  We will be providing the list today.  PhRMA & Corporations own these people. Time to stop them before they kill again https://twitter.com/davidsirota/status/819443345995038720 …
phony baloney, you just praised Sessions in February.
Bravo!!!
Cory how does it feel to be a pawn? You're a puppet for your leftist masters. Nice. You could be so much more. #sellout
THIS IS EXACTLY THE REASON THE THE DEMS LOST THE ELECTION BIG TIME & PUT YOU IN THE MINORITY
You bent over for big Pharma...why?


Terrible Vote Mr Booker voting against the Bernie ammendment .You are on the wrong $ide of this one !! Pharma gave you $

What an opportunist. Would the real Cory Booker step forward? https://youtu.be/chkAASced_0 
https://www.hermancain.com/video-flashback-total-fraud-cory-booker …
and so does everybody else




Why did you vote against lowering drug costs for Americans?


https://www.hermancain.com/video-flashback-total-fraud-cory-booker ….  you fraud
You mean like the 2 last political racist hacks your party put in??
you voted against lowering drug prices you opportunistic fake SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME
@SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker Why did you vote against lower drug prices tho? #BigPharma your priority?
Senators who receive most $ from Pharma (voted against lower Pharma costs yesterday): Hatch ($343,310)McConnell ($322,750) Booker ($267,338)
The Democrats are the only ones out there calling for hate and division. Pathetic.
Booker voted against cheaper meds from Canada. This is why Trump won. Because of two-faced "progress"
RACIST!!
@OlgaCollette Take no ptisoners Give him hell No racist should hold an official pub office! He will yes you until hes in
hey @CoryBooker why did you vote against lowering prescription drug prices yesterday?
No respect left for you!
this was an embarrassment. Just a pathetic man trying to get his minute of spotlight. Shame on you
what happened to you? Throwing accusations of racism? You were respectable in past. I won't vote for you as POTUS, stop!
There R young folks who don't know the hatred of which U speak, until they receive it from you.  Vicious cycle.
You've convinced me in your racist rant   that my decision to no longer b a dem was a good 1. Your actions Augustus me!
is trying to sound like obummer "hope" ok, I see someone trying to be politically relevant.
is liar! and he only did this to gain attention for himself not for anyone else. Sessions couldn't be a BETTER AG!
Hatred & racism runs both ways.  Those people like yourself & Lewis, have not healed, U R damaged  I am sorry.  But
U R definitely "not" advocating healing. U found fault with order of testimony, thinking John Lewis was disrespected?
It contradicts other statements you have said about @jeffsessions change ur ways or continue to LOSE, ur choice, u look pathetic, really
and then u retweet???LOL your like Obummer, HRC, tell the crowd ur in front of, what they want to hear, SAD
Cory, go get a testosterone shot, you and the rest of the Dems have become whiney women under Obama
if u find Senator Sessions so evil y the funk did u co sponsor the Golden Selma Marchers Award with him? U r a hypocrite
Will T-Bone be grilling the future AG as well?
Yes definitely and We The People have to select better qualified and "Do The Right Thing" people!
#jobsearch #techwriter Contact me, I'm looking for a job.
A heartfelt appreciation and gratitude for Sen. Booker's endorsement!
@SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker waiting for politicians to stop dividing us into colors and start working to bring us together #unity
Why did you vote against Bernie's prescription bill? You should tell us.....
you are a hypocritical moron. Unfit to be president
"Hope and healing." Like voting AGAINST lowering prescription drug prices for the American ppl? Haha, you're a joke. 
progress is You shutting up. If you knew history you would be educated in the truth.
What a dick move! It's clear who the racists are in the Senate. All black men trying to hammer Sessions!
The season is over jerk. Now my sport is keeping an eye on douchebags like Booker when they do this stuff.
Sen Sessions will be a hell of a lot better than Holder or Lynch, that's for damn sure
Joke
You made a fool of yourself, Cory.
you got used. You sold out. You used your race to attempt to smear a white man. Who is the racist ?
What a #traitor as a Black Woman I'd never vote for a #traiter like Cory @jeffsessions
Only thing wrong with Sessions is: he ain't black! Reverse racism on display with Booker and Lewis.
your actions showed you were auditioning for President! Laughable! Yesterday showed how bad the Democrats truly are!
an embarrassment. A political circus in an attempt to audition for president 2016. Won't happen. We see through it.
Booker is a racist!
thinks by opposing a good man (Sessions) he'll have a chance for Pres in future. NOT after BO!! The Giant has awakened!
that is exactly what Sessions is bring - equal treatment under the law, which has not been the case under @BarackObama
one doesn't get to go to the head of the line by deceit..... go away you fool
duh, I lied.
You're an embarrassment. Sit down & go home. I hope Americans see through your BS.
booker needs to be shown the door. He's a zero, a propaganda liberal who believes he can run for president. Good luck
dick move with big pharma!!!  Thanks for selling out!!
In a crowded field of more than 100 collegiate teams nationwide, the team from SUNY Old Westbury takes top prize in sixth annual Campus Competition! Learn more by reading the official press release. http://ow.ly/ohTs30jSAUk 
