Is there a reason why you're putting your focus here right now? What's the benefit to this legislation at this point?
Perhaps the massive opioid crisis in our country?
Opiod crisis can't be solved by legalization of MJ.
There are few problems with one simple answer, that's not what I'm saying. This will however be a huge help.
Not disputing that. I asked bc it seems to be coming out of left field right now given his other stated concerns.
If u kept up with other proposed legislation you would see it's not a new idea. We have to legalize it so we can study it! Schedule 1 is BS
There's a lot of assumptions in that there tweet. LOL Im asking abt strategy. Folks have provided some clarifying responses.
hopefully Cory will have better luck than others who have tried 2 get legislation through. Apologies, most PhDs pay attention 
Yup! Because kids today would never drink alcohol underage, since, ya know, they know it's illegal
Can you prove that you aren't? Do you have sources or data to support your idea that kids would have a mass exodus to weed if legalized?
Or, is this just that fear mongering you've been fed about the Dangers of marijuana
When in doubt, and you have nothing to back up your claims, just block. #TheTwitterWay

 I'm already battling secondhand smoke health issues. This will make it even worse for people like me who live in condo buildings.
No it won't.
There are already people in my building smoking illegally. I will have no recourse for my own health and wellbeing if legalized.
Good. So your point is this will have zero impact because it won't change a thing. Thanks for your support!
Now I can have police show up and confiscate or charge for possession. If legalized it will continue to be an issue. Is that clearer?
Cigarettes are legal, if people smoke those what is your recourse?
Besides the prescription eye drops I need to take? Nuisance laws as well as NJ & NY have smoke-free air acts
So then you're covered by state laws...and delisting cannabis on a federal level would 100% not impact you.
Can we also legalize hemp farming so we can use hemp as protein source and fiber for paper and cloth?
Amen!!!
If it passes, will you support overturning the sentences of those in prison for non-violent marijuana-related charges?
Hi! The bill automatically expunges federal marijuana use/possession crimes + allows ppl in federal prison to petition for resentencing.
What about the ones that are not in federal penitentiaries?
we will need to build a lots mental hospitals , because ,lots of our youth are going to go crazy with this drug and end up with psychosis
I love you Sen Booker!
Thank you for your rationality
Leaving this here for everyone wondering why #BigPharmaBooker is getting behind this legislation.
Look who else likes MaryJ 
#NeverBooker
Booker is a scumbag. showed who he rlly is when he voted NO on importing cheaper drugs from Canada. He is cut from that HRC cloth not Bernie
He didn't vote no.  He pointed out clear flaws in the language and came out with own version of the amdt a week later w/ stronger safety.
Sander's proposal as it was written would have allowed pharma companies to write their own safety regulations on imports.
It was the lack of language.  Booker's modifications forced foreign sellers to register with the FDA and comply with 1/2
Some who doesn't understand what words mean, I guess?
why don't you introduce legislation to make prescription medications affordable instead. That would be a much greater benefit to #America
Bernie's already doing that
and corey voted against it
I wonder if his donors had something to do with it #BigPharma
if it doesn't at the very least make you wonder .... #bigPharma
Thank you and good luck with Sessions!!!
Another soros soldier. This is bad for America.
Anyone can make a meme to push their propaganda. I really doubt that Soros said anything close to this and if he did...show me the source.
like this
Go Corey, let's make America stupid so they will vote Democratic again. Dems are down to buying votes from uneducated and loosers.
i guess you think the government should control what substances adults use then?
Wrong initiative w all the serious issues that need the be addressed.
This would help so many who are suffering from chronic pain and have to tiptoe around jobs for medical mj. #lesspain #moresanity
This is not ENOUGH Sir. Did you get my e-mail appeal?The flawed 2016 CDC Rec must be rescinded.Our civil r being denied & we are scapegoats!
Respect
You must hate the youth of america
Yes yes yes... tax and regulate it!! It's a plant and proven to help with pain.  Make it easier to get .
Any GOP on board? Hemp patents included?
1/2 of the Congressional Cannabis Caucus are republicans.
That seems like a poorly named bill
Legalizing marijuana & hemp would largely solve MANY health and environment problems. Kids need this solution.
Thank you for all you do Cory Booker!!

Schedule 1 designation is completely false and should be changed at the very least.  Legalize now! #cannabis #legalize
So @GovChristie just had the munchies? #nachogate #chrischristie
#NoMoreWalls #Mexico #immigration #alliances #ImpeachDonaldTrump
Thank you Cory Baker
The war on drugs hasn't worked & it has permitted the imprisonment of nonviolent mj users & in turn disenfranchised those convicted. 1/
Not to mention the countless people with cancer, PTSD, anxiety, parkinsons, as well as many other conditions afflicting...
those that stand to benefit from access to the drug.  It's time to end the prohibition.
This is probably the only issue that I agree with you on. Legalize marijuana at age 21 just like booze
Stupid is as stupid does!
What can I do to push this? To make this happen? How do we help you keep others out of prison?
Yes
Yes every state needs those taxes and adults shouldn't be penalized for using it.
It also saves the lives of children everywhere.
Mr. Booker, shouldn't this be called the Cannabis Justice act? I thought "marijuana" had Mexican/Hispanic racial overtones historically?
Omg thank you first good news out of Washington in a long time
Oh to dream, to dream. Thank you for doing this!
About time. Let's legalize this across the board and get that tax revenue!!!
Glad you have your priorities in order.  Another embarrassing politician from New Jersey.
Govt OK with tobacco, kills 200,000 a year, if it was a person it would be called a terrorist.
@CoryBooker not sure if your fellow members will feel the same but we're with you.
Go Cory! Take out the black market,collect taxes, fund schools and watch crime rate drop and stop locking up kids for putting a plant in bag
Kids shouldn't be smoking, but it should be legal for adults if they want to use.
Agreed, of course they shouldn't but 16, 17 year olds do and should t have their entire lives ruined bc of it.
Agree, it's not worth anyone's life being ruined. It's harmless, but kids using is a huge sticking point, even tho kids drink alcohol too.
@SupaJoint 
Good news!
Thx fo the heads up on this awesomeness homie :)
In time for your Wednesday Show Week in Weed updates! ;-)
@CoryBooker statistics from the state level show that legalizing it has allowed the states to decrease their debt. Why not use it for fed 2?
Thank you Senator. Way overdue.
Thank you, Senator
http://cannabis-legalization.com 
Yippee now all the potheads will vote Dem.
How's it going

Sorry the healing/soothing benefits are real #cancer
How do your big pharma owners feel about this
They love it, they plan on making bank of it. But everyone should be allowed to grow their own medicine in their backyards.
Or our tiny nyc closets
Cory, for the first time I'm disappointed in you. We don't need to give people ways to be dinner and lazier than they are
I don't understand... what dinner and what if any is the relationship between weed and lazy?
Autocorrect. Dumber*. I would say there is, w/o doubt from personal experience. Most studies I've seen (So far) have been biased, either way
SLike any relaxation/fun thing incl drinking or watching soccer. But considering medical benefits & cost of surpression legal is nett plus
All for any medical good that can come of it. And decriminalized - just heavy civil penalties
Ppl need to learn to handle it like they do with alcohol. Decrim is big step forward... will also help lower usage as it is frankly boring 
I think we need to handle the issues that lead people to use any substance. Many many cases are people who cannot cope with the real world
True. But there is also the simple entertainment value which, if kept reasonable, I have no issue with... again - alcohol as comparison.
Great! Millions more snowflakes walking around like zombies. #sad
Can we get a live stream of Sessions when you do it?

Such hypocrisy...advocating to legalize one illegal drug, while complaining that not enough is being done to combat another illegal drug.
Not hypocrisy. One kills, ome doesn't. One destroys lives, one helps people stop using the deadly one.
THC stores in the fat cells in yr brain and is psychologically addicting.more people will get stuck on stupid
Bs. Every ounce of data says you're talking out your ass. Adult consumption is far safer than cigarettes or liquor.
I had dbl mastectomy Cuz of brst cncr. I've been prescribed over 200 oxy's in 6 weeks. Imagine having access to pot instead.
I was given oxy after my dbl too but opiates make me nauseated. Vomiting for hours with painful incisions and drains was hell. We need MJ!
I luckily didn't vomit but I know how painful just sneezing was after surgery. I hope you find another pain reliever. I can't believe this
Check this out before u do
Outstanding. Long overdue. Time to end the short-sighted war on drugs. Treat addiction as a medical concern, not a criminal one.
If they don't get started by doing illegal drugs they can't get addicted! Weed should not be legalized
Yeah, because being illegal totally stops people from doing it...
Not my thing but good luck I know a lot of people enjoy it
Make sure to include language that then releases all people in jail for this offense
About Time!!!!!
Thank you Sen. Booker. Measure of this sort is long overdue. You are going to make Jeff Sessions very unhappy.
Neat!  For recreational or medical purposes?
This would also help service connected veterans with pain and treatment for PTSD! Thank you for your courage!!
THANK YOU
Marijuana &alcohol R the gateway2other types of substance uses esp w young kids who have no real guidance. Not good Can't back you on this!
Good Lord!
This is a great thing
I hope it passes and I hope it makes Sessions want to quit.
Yo,u will be known one day for addicting ppl. This stuff is BAD and getting worse.
Are you hoping to have a different President when this comes up for signing?
Good.
Let's see if conservatives can square their prohibitionist ways with their stated principles of free trade and personal responsibility.
Thank you
Thank you. Best news out of DC in weeks.
HECK NO! WE SAY NO, NO, NO to legalizing weed. Yuck, grotesque! @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand @foxandfriends @JoeNBC @GovMikeHuckabee @DRUDGE
You'll promote legal marijuana but not affordable, made-in-America, meds from Canada? - What a tool you are Booker
Before trump ran for pres. and was still a DEM...
Booker & friends should follow trump's lead & join the party they belong in also
I vote No
Very brave to introduce DOA legislation when you are out of power. Couldnt have brought this up in the majority?
too late.

we know the score now thanks to ur vote on Rx imports

"language" was dealt with, but you still said no.
Booker2020?
Good way to make America stupid - again???
Its better then the legal opioids people are dying from....given to us by Doctors & VA hos
Doing this because he knows it won't pass. Just like GOP did w/ ACA repeal. Obama had 8 yrs, did nothing. Don't fall for this BS.
@RandPaul your silence is deafening
Yes!!!!! Hope it goes through. Long overdue
Thank you, sir!!
Any chances it'll get some traction?
Long overdue...should at least be decriminalized by now
@TheGifKing lost generation!
@SenBookerOffice  As a DAV THANK YOU! FINALLY a Bill that WILL actually WORK!!
Not a fan of pot but I think this will help ease the unfair impact of the criminal justice system on minorities. Sentences are too harsh.
My hero.
Thank you.
As long as your #BigPharma overlords get to corner the market right?!
In full support.
Si you can get it!!!
Thank you
How many votes do u have?
You will never get support from all the old blood in both houses. 2018, bring up then
At this point you better make it legal for anxiety after what this administration is putting us through.
Thank you Senator Booker. I certainly hope your colleagues can pass this legislation.
Thank you! I'm a spinal cord injury patient and a chronic pain patient and it has helped me reduce my pain pills. I moved to CO for it.
Your bill would allow those “aggrieved” from their incarceration to sue? Now you want to pay these people for their crimes? #HowToBuyVotes
Last yr, U #SuperDelegates had opp. 2 back cndidate who loudly advocated #Marijuana, #SinglePayer, etc Went w #HRC. I don't think U mean it.
Awesome #medicalmarijuana
Should be legal at fed level to stop mass incarceration, then let states decide if they want to place restrictions on its use.
this isn't the only part of the bill Austin
It never is. See: Skinny repeal
I would hope that you wouldn't endorse this bill .... the policing portion of this bill regarding race is illogical
finally.
YES! Thank you! So much good can come from this! It will be an uphill battle because it will effect many industries but it will be worth it!
Really ? Amateur ...do it at 420
Does your plan address incarceration of people for possession (including those still incarcerated)?
Beyond brilliant.  The Mexican drug cartels will find themselves severely defunded, too
It would be great for Florida if it passes.
how much is Philip Morris paying you to do this?  we know you only do your job for outside money
I fully support legalizing marijuana at the federal level. It has worked great here in WA. However, please keep big pharma out of it.
Welcome to the Pharma industry that people actually want. #420iQ
Nothing productive offered but you're doing drug legalization?? Yeah I know "Marijuana isn't a drug!" Whatever! "What a maroon!" Bugs Bunny!

Shouldn't flip off Booker. Not polite!
Lovely.  Prove your idiocy and Satanic tendencies by legalizing a gateway drug.
When should I send the FBI after you?
But let's not forget that I voted w/ pharma NOT to approve cheaper meds from Canada!
Thank you. How soon folks forget
we have lost our way
Shut up you like Chris Christie
As a medical marijuana card holder, I can't afford actual product in NY, THANK YOU @CoryBooker. #CancerSurvivor #CRPS #Lupus #legalizeit
Common Sense Legislation...When alcohol and tobacco are legal and promoted at such a high rate.  Thank you @CoryBooker
Let this pass for the benefit of the Country
100% behind this effort. Can we sneak this past the neanderthals/pharma-industry-puppets who call themselves "conservatives"? While they...
fight over the table scraps left of America mostly sold out to oligarchs!?
With the Repubs in power you know it has zero chance of passing- How's that big pharma money treating you lately?
Will people jailed be let free with clean records? Will there be fast-track & capital for African Americans to enter billion $$$ Business?
This is what ur DOING! Legalize weed, u got 2b kidding! WORK ON THAT Laughable OBAMA CARE STOP RESISTING it's NOT WORKING 4 THE DEMS!
Hey Corey we have a drug epidemic currently taking place in the United States so your way to deal with it is to legalize it
Under that premise you would legalize murder in Chicago nothing to see here
If you would have the people selling the dope get real jobs and educate them that wouldn't sell dope
The hypocrisy regarding MJ is ridiculous. Alcohol is a much more dangerous drug and helps no one. Wonder how much Sessions drinks every day?
I've asked Sen @JohnCornyn to co-sponsor. Somehow I don't think it will happen but it would b a great issue for an across the aisle meeting
Democrats are really getting desperate for votes
Thank you so much. I'll vote for you in 2020.
I'm an independent voter & this will make me vote for anyone that supports the #MarijuanaJusticeAct regardless of party
How can I help
I disagree with you on most things, but this has been a long time coming. Good luck to you sir!
Thanks, we're gonna need it..
bold action 
@SenSchumer @SenGillibrand As my senators I BEG you to listen to this
Why don't you figure out how to get it studied in depth before mass legalization.
No don't do that it just leads to harder drug's
Bullshit
Stupid idea. Marijuana is a gateway drug to heroin and cocaine. Seems like another way for Democrats to dumb down the country.
Thank you. I have a spine full of tumors. Cancer
#MakeAmericaHighAgain
This is for the haters: Please have a look at the Marijuana related crime numbers in the Netherlands and compare it to yours..
I would be dead right now because of hospital mistake if not for marijuana
GO, CORY!
thank you!
No it will never happen federally
Good for you, but I hope it stays illegal.
it's about time! thank you
Shout out my boy
oh yeah.. wrongfully imprisoned. democrats care now!
Sir, I watched your video. Although I agree that Minorities may be disproportionately affected, I disagree that legalizing Pot is the answer
Cory Booker 2020
Marijuana could solve the opioid crisis in this country. VA should be able to prescribe medical marijuana instead of opiates!
Gain tax money, lower criminalization
figures you dope head
I fully support this. I live in Maine and legalization hasn't caused many problems. If anything it will release tons of people from jail.
@realDonaldTrump Knock Knock. Who is it? Inevitable. Inevitable Who? The Inevitable Marijuana movement so let me in. Make America Great NOW!
Would this bill legalize use for vets without jeopardizing their benefits? Too many are prescribed too many opioids that do more harm
Thank you Senator! All the advocacy groups are with you. @NORML, ASA, MPP. and more!
The hipsters in california will rejoice because now they'll be able to flip their weed money to gentrify outside of SanFran, LA, & Denver
Love it. That will create jobs, improve state economies and shut up Sessions

YES! People have lost their lives buying marijuana from unregulated dealers, most notably in Bucks County PA
Please do! Just delist it federally and let states decide where they want to go from there! The racist histrionic bs over cannabis is crazy!
Thank you, Senator. Hopefully now we'll have more resources to fight the opioid crisis and other dangerous drugs. 
IT IS ABOUT TIME!!!   SAY IT AGAIN FOR THOSE IN THE BACK!! 
Did you clear this with your Big Pharma donors, or did they share with you, their forthcoming domination of the marijuana industry?
Oh wait.  Here it is. Shout out to @GeoffMiami
Can you use some of that tax money to fund the drug treatment programs that will be needed for those who progress to harder drugs?
