I assume these women committed crimes and were found guilty.  Prison is not a country club...so avoid crime and you won't have to go there.
Providing basic sanitary products, allowing moms to talk to their kids would go a long way in keeping kids less damaged--not country club.
Don't commit the crime, don't do any time.  Taking your argument further, Dad's should be geographically close to visit their kids.
We are morally required to provide basic needs to our prisoners: soap, toilet facilities, food, etc. Are tampons really too much to ask for?
You are a good guy.
Pathetic attempt at winning favor with certain parts of the voting block
Hey genius ......maybe they deserve to be in prison!
No one deserves to be subject to inhuman living conditions, disease and lack of adequate medical care. 8th amendment yo!
Adolph Hitler, Charles Manson, members of the KKK, Child molesters , - they deserve all of that and then a bullet in the head
Fuck usa this is the fruit of ur freedom of doing what ever u want to do
Unconscionable that we don't meet the basic needs of women who are incarcerated. They are paying for their crimes. Must we be inhumane?
Maybe  less social engineering and more  mothers and fathers raising their children we might have different results
Senator Booker - I just caught you on CNN. I'm very proud of you and the work you do. You are a very good man, and a great human being.
Thank you.
This sounds like a stitch-up.
we are not going to incarcerate ourselves out of addiction or mental health symptoms.
Likely to be able to reincorporate to society should have humane treatment. We can't go on rewarding people who do bad things that's wat ...
I've never been to jail in my life, let alone prison. I couldn't even imagine. 
and I bet you never broke the law
Plenty of times...just never got caught
@jeffsessions setting policy's that take us back years of progress
Sad..
reduction.  Diversion and Drug court programs are effective with MH/CD pops. 4
About kids and family so why should they be a burden on law abiding taxpayers money. Then there are those who are in there bcause they ...
Destroys our justice system. Women who are bad criminals should not expect to be treated like queens when paying for crimes. There should be
Such a great cause and about time we did something about our poor excuse for a justice system.
Might be a better idea to help fix your broken Obamacare for hard working citizens .
So a uterus is a free pass for crime? Like dad's don't suffer being separated from their families, smh.
A uterus is a free pass for a lot of things these days.
really disheartened by the callous attitude of responders to this worthy program.
Gee, why not suggest they stop breaking the law! That would pretty much ensure they stay out of jail.
what a concept
A tough program that can allow a woman in this system to reform and work their way back through psych evals and work programs then receive
Glad we have representatives who stand up for women! Thank you!
Thank you for your work on this bill. I appreciate all you are doing for women & families. keep up all your great work for Americans.
America nominates morons to senate as well
This is a travesty.
programs with supportive supervision has better out comes, quality of life and cost 2
this conversation can't be described on twitter, best practices, community based 1
Small tokens of humane treatment. Isn't that the goal of a correctional facility to try and correct the individual. So answer is yes and no!
....I'm sure you leave that to the state courts..
Committed crimes out of desperation to help their families they are loving mothers some with no previous records so these that are more ...
I think it should be determined in case by case. Some of these women are just straight up criminals wit no desire to change. They don't care
Thx for standing up for humane treatment of #incarceratedwomen! Now let's work harder to keep women & girls out of prison. #WomenUnshackled
Maybe they shouldn't have committed crimes? Make changes 4 women (moms) and you will have to make changes 4 men (dads). Where does it stop?
Woman wanted equality; equality is equality in public or prison.
"wanted"?
Are women not wanting that?
@CoryBooker and @SenWarren..you're hell bent on making changes for mothers in prison but what are you doing about equal parenting ..
Your country is going to sh** and this is what you want to talk about. Booker/Warren ya' ll need a Therapist ASAP!
Feminine hygiene products, YES

Incarcerated close to family, YES 

Female guards for showering etc, YES

M & W treated differently, NO
Mr. Booker, I suggest that if prison wasn't a business that many of your peers are heavily invested we wouldn't be having this conversation.
Prisons should be prisons Not RESORTS.
we shld nt empathize nor sympathize wth ppl who are convicted of crimes a jail is hell period
Cottle people through life, cottle them in prison, hope they dont murder you when they are released early.  Liberal logic - oxymoron.
Help them preserve their family units, or you'll be setting up second-generation offenders. Don't make them choose between tampons and calls
Once women are in the system, do things that make it easier for them to be successful outside of prison. Treat them humanely/ train them/2
Good points. We incarcerate more people than we need to. It's expensive, taxpayers. Smarter consequences for non-violent crimes are needed/1
I thought they wanted equality? 
It is sad.Mad,crazy or drug induced women are dangerous.U want equality.Do crime,go to http://jail.Capital  crime,execute.lower death bar
.@Piper Just like you've have been telling us in @OITNB 

.
OP-ED: @CoryBooker and @SenWarren are trying to change how women are treated in our prison system 
How about first working to deprivatize prisons. Fix things at the fundamental level first.
How can i help?
https://www.bop.gov/about/statistics/statistics_inmate_gender.jsp …
Give them pads or tampons. It's nature and can be dangerous if not treated hygienically. Stupid that this is still an issue in 2017...
Go figure. Sanctuary cities/women in prison. Fighting for the lawbreakers and to hell with your law abiding citizens/constituents. SMH
They are treated no worse than male inmates
Maybe they shouldn't break the law...js
What about equal rights?
I haven't committed any crimes, but yet I still have to pay for my sanitary products.
How do you expect people to take this serious if you have Elizabeth Warren in it?
For such a superpower American is fucking backwards.
You could be fighting for law abiding American Citizens. But no, support murderers, child neglectors, burglars, scammers, fraud, dealers..
So they break law go to jail and we have to pay for room and board. Then they complain ? Lot of roads and ditches need to be cleaned.
I have been to prison...it is not supposed to be easy...it is punishment for the crime they are convicted of.  Zero sympathy from me!
Cory Booker needs to seriously run for Prez. Seriously.

Happy this is getting some much needed attention
Why are all these innocent woman locked up?
If you don't act like a criminal you won't be treated like one Pocahontas. Are you for real or just seeing how far you can go?
Release them to make room for 45 & his ad-minion-stration! They r more criminal than most women there! #resist #TheResistance
So what your saying is Obama administration had a war against woman! All this didn't happen the last 5 months.
Cory Booker Elizabeth Warren two of the biggest Liars in the Democrat Party make me vomit one's a fake Indian the other a fake hero
We incarcerate more people than any other country on the planet because we have Democrats
I was in prison years ago it's horrible . Returning  citizens need more resources as well. Nothing changes
We also need to acknowledge the dad's in the prison system. This needs to be a two-sided talking point.
If you can't do the time, don't commit the crime, simple!
Crime or no crime, basic access to sanitary conditions, medical care, decent food and humane working conditions fall under the 8th amendment
Pass a bill for both genders then.
Focus on rehab!
R U suggesting these women did not receive due process of law & been found guilty? Or your votes can't get to the polls now they're jailed?
Right now if a woman from burlington county nj is arrested  They are sent to Alantic country.  Miles from family their children and help.
That's well and good, but can you please work on getting the lying, treasonous @POTUS out of office first???
We did Hillary is not in office ;-) anymore.
USA prefers human commodity 2 fill private friends prisons-
Women r treated like available p***y 4 prison guards same n juvenile whose going 2 believe them "ur n prison." Make a humane change 4 !
What % of these women are married or in a long term committed relationship? What education level did they finish? What D city left them back
A F-- UP NATION ... PATICULARLY WHEN THE WRONG PEOPLE ARE IN JAIL!!! THIS CURRENT ADMINISTRATION INCLUDING THE (R) CONGRESS NEED JAIL TIME!!
Hey, they wanted equal rights. So now they have it. The men miss their family too.  If you can't do the time than don't do the crime.
Very enlightening.  I never thought of all of the injustice and inhumane treatment of women in prison.  I support your efforts.
Don't buy the koolaid. Prison is not supposed to be a country club. It's 
Supposed to be cruel so people won't break the law again.
What can we do to help
Call your representatives.  Engage.
why didn't Obama let some woman out when he released thousands he let Peyton Manning out who sold us out
Is this supposed to be humorous?  I'm relatively new here.
The purpose of a prison system is to minimise further crimes. But stripping people of their social nets and their dignity does the opposite.
How? The people they hang with didn't stop them from committing a crime. Maybe they need to find a whole new group of friends.
What kind of friends do you think will a first time drug user make during a mandatory minimum?
Really, what DO you envision will happen?
So don't commit a crime....it's called consequences...simple really. OR you can give them a big leftie hug and tell them it will be alright
Loser
So stupid. Deal the criminal. Are they all innocent? Mothers obviously commit crimes.
Wait, thought we're all equal? Big chest puffing and faux outrage to make 2 weak politicians look like they are doing something. Nonsense
What's wrong with the human race that people can't imagine what its like 2 be in another persons shoes. The human race makes me ill. EMPATHY
What do you do to a criminal?Pat them on the back?Jails have been around forever. They nailed Jesus to the cross and he didn't do anything.
Lofl. 2017. Being this dillusional. How's that working for you?
People with dumb things 2 say like don't break the law I'm sure have drove drunk at least 1. They would be crying like big babies in jail.
Women are already so privileged by our justice system.
https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2144002 …
I'll talk to a woman who's a mother who separated their own self from their own families and say "stop breaking the law!!"
So men can call/email their families without charge? Or do we just not care about men?
So do we want equal rights or not?
Thank you both for speaking out on this issue.
Yes

What is this about?
Looks like actual statistics, unlike the buzz words and misleading statements that saturate this video
Looks like it would not be terribly onerous to implement some of these common sense changes then, right?
If there's not that many of them, give them tampons and let them see their kids.
Many of those incarcerated broke lesser laws than treason.
But this tweet isn't about Hillary, so...
You misspelled 'Trump.'
No. checked it. It's spelled correctly.
How embarrassing for you.
23yrs ago,1994 CrimeBill signed. $9.7bn given 2fund prisons!
IMAGINE LIFE 2day IF $9.7bn went 2create TopNotch schools,better transit,Jobs,
And treatment!
Hope the male 85%???got twice the time getting girl in jail. Lesbians are ok? No! Put them in a separate complex. Most kids best no Jail Mom
What?
Warren & I must have just watched the same movie "Orange is the New Black"!my review: PASS don't watch!!
Lord this country is just....
here's an idea. don't break the fucking law
So you believe that because someone broke a law, no matter how small, should be subject to lack of resources and sexual assault? Really?
Pehaps women could choose NOT to commit CRIMES in the first place. What are Booker & Warren doing for the VICTIMS of the crimes? Nothing !!!
Nothing? Evidence?
I searched and found ZERO articles about either one of them HELPING crime VICTIMS, plenty about Warren & Booker helping the criminals
When compared to men women get lighter sentences for the same crimes. So they actually get raped and abused less than men in prison.
Based on what?
Research isn't just published in books and journals anymore.
Fcuk these shills, can't take anything they say seriously...
They wanted equality well here is a great example.
You didn't actually read about the program.
