Is there a moment with all your tweets about this? I'm trying to send it to a friend but got tired of scrolling down your timeline.

Thank you for that! And thank you for all you've done and will keep doing!
Why don't we care? Because Democrats (like Republicans) have created this partisan nightmare we're in - now they want to appear cool headed!
You're not innocent. You're not cool headed. You're complicit! You helped make this! So, if there's no Republicans sitting w/you —
@benwikler is a legend in his own mind, no one else's.
Tonight, something kinda Democrats did some kinda thing on the steps of the Capitol. And most people don't really care!
This tweet did not age well, even in the short term. People are passionate about their healthcare because their lives depend on it.
And it was two Repub women and 1 Repub man who ended up saving it with democrats. I guess getting a death diagnosis like McCain clears minds
 awesome!!
Sorry to be cynical, but maybe Cory Booker should have voted to lower prescription drugs back when he had a chance to make a difference.
And John McCain voted 61 times to repeal ACA but he came through this time when it counted so I am grateful for that. Perfect obstructs good
It was amazing!
Thanks for this.
Thanks for all you've done during this struggle!
It starts like this:
We Have a Complete IDIOT in the WH that is Unfit 4Any Position, much less "PRES" ?? We DESERVE BETTER !
Amazing... thank you for sharing.  I love how you unfolded the story in the same way you experienced it.  I wish I could head 2 DC tomorrow!
This is what real democracy looks like. Thank you @CoryBooker you give me hope for America again. 
If Cory is your hope, God help us all.
Excuse me but WTF?
Getting a kick out of #Trumpets blaring abt "scripted" & how MSM missed it (thus happen).
FYI1: NOT EVERYTHING NEEDS A RALLY
FYI2:covered
Great shot
ENOUGH MADNESS ! The Republican Party has Revealed its "Total Incompetence " 2Lead & Must Be REMOVED ASAP! They have LOST CREDIBILITY !
Not a bunch of creeps huddling in a room in secret to do bad things, but open gov't with active listening, real concern & a desire to BUILD.
When did they do this w/Obamacare? NEVER! Dems NEVER read it! I think Paul Ryan  the only 1 who read it! It's why Dems lost House,Senate&WH
In 2009, the Senate Health Committee spent 60 hours over 13 days marking up the ACA with full GOP participation. @ConservJean @benwikler
You are full of it! Never happened!
Did. Historical fact. But don't believe me, go look it up on http://Snopes.com  for verification. @ConservJean @benwikler
Snopes?? I trust my analysis over their biased BS.
Does anyone have a job and pay for Obamacare/healthcare insurance on this site? How much do you pay? Do you work? Trump is the President 
We Need More than "Magical" right now? 4 Love of Country- We Need 2Stop this NONSENSE & Get Serious People in the WH that actually CARE ?
Nice Story & Glad You felt Inspired! Here's My TAKE: I am ASHAMED of MY COUNTRY ! We Have A Corrupt CLOWN SHOW going on in the WH! Dangerous
Great story in this thread
Thank you for sharing this
2, It starts like this too.
Anticipate kick ass response by the greatest activists in the world! We love New York. Ground Zero for change.
#RepealObamacare
This made me weep with hopefulness. But then I saw the date, and some despair crept back in.
Thank you Ben! #Fight4OurHealth
#RepealAndReplace
Can't tell you how many times I've viewed this... when I'm about to lose hope I can always come back to it.
Obstruction!
How embarrassing.

You should change the first letter of your last name to "H", and the third letter of your last name to "t"........ #MoveOnIsEvil
great pic, thanks for sharing
#Democracy #Resist #Indivisible #TheResistance @NBC @CNN @MSNBC @MaddowBlog @amjoyshow @Lawrence
You should stop trying to hoodwink the American people.  We aren't all ignorant, some of us vote Republican. 
Like unicorn magical or Democrat bullshit magical? No snark. Just asking.
Think Soros will save you ? Patriots are going to hunt you down the minute Civil War Starts, Think your SB boss Soros is going to save U?
Hey AH you forgot the wad of cash Soros gave you to start a Civil War, you are going to be hunted down the second Civil War starts SB Loser!
Awesome replay! Hope you were able to get some sleep-
Freak
Ben, try as u might we have a two term President! We see u and ur ilk for exactly what ur are. 
Efing Obama already took our care, homes and so often country, President Trump is restoring us to pride

That would be a slightly better photo, with a tiny bit of HDR enhancement.
....just happened to be there. Just as random as a friend of Hillary's meeting her in the woods.
Gathering of Very Fake News sit down. Heard about it. Lmao
yeah and ended with all the dems kissing eachother....tongue kissing that is
Passing a joint around? I know its legal in DC.
Holy shit @benwikler How did I miss this? I'm completely blown away.  Magical moment my friend
This is america hanging by a thread ..this Thread..pls read

#Trump2020
Where is your fake apology clip, Kathy? Shameful!
Really interested in copies of some pictures, how do. Contact you
Booker 2020
Very cool and normal.
No question... This IS what democracy looks like! .@benwikler .@Vegas4Bernie @HellNoTrump .#ThisISwhatDEMOCRACYlookslike! #Trumpcare #RESIST
Thanks, Ben. Even though hope is an intangible, esp now, instances that give and support hope r so needed. Thank you, these sens and tweeps.
Good place for democrats, out of the white house.
These two Congressional leaders spoke more eloquently than @POTUS ever does and they were just talking on the steps not in the WH.
Thank you for sharing this Ben! Fills me with hope!
Would love copies of some of capital steps pictures, what do i do
A Up Lifting moment from this week that renewed my faith in America & Americans.
The goodness of America in spades...
@nohannahbars
OCare is killing Americans. It's a screwed up mess. So why do Dims want to continue hurting Americans? Why are you obstructing?
This is beautiful and so inspirational. Thank you for sharing!
Democratic Party is alive and well!
Same, great to shed tears for all the right reasons !! Health care is a human right !!
Looks like a staged photo op for a couple of establishment Democrats who pretend to be working for the people.
That's a beautiful thread...only I was at the Convention and I saw the people who fought the progressive platform...all Dems. These Dems.
That's. Why poor people don't have ins.they can't pay for. It we are nothing but dogs to the rich what happens when the money is gone
Sorry, was probably paid to do it! Corporate Dems don't get out of bed for less than $20k. Did he have an earpiece telling him what to say?
This music came on my phone when reading this... Ace!
#Wow #UnitedWeStand #GodBlessAmerica #GodBlessTheDemocrats #ThanksForGreatLeadership
#ThisIsDemocracy #AmericaAtItsBest
Wow A new kind of Leader and Leadership Born to change America and America ways. Bravo.
Looks like staged theater, but if you can put on a show and get Dems excited at the prospect of being a rational party again then good.
Thank you
great victory today for freedom. the WOTUS rule from the EPA is being rescinded by Trump.
Get rid of dark by lighting a match. So pleased by this.
Crying...with hope.  Thank you @benwikler
Thank you so much for sharing this! Wish I could have been there! #renewedhope
If I retweet your first photo (#1) will 2-19 be attached? I I would love to show this to friends. Thanks.
This  how miracles appendix God bless this miracle and enable these Good people to make it GROW and GROW and GROW !!!!
Beautiful, but do not miss the insanity inside the beltway.
Just curious; why call it "Trumpcare" when it should clearly be called "Don't Care"?
Thank you for sharing this awesome gathering. Seeing  a glimmer of hope once again.
Crying as I read. This was wonderful.
They need to do it evryday when the republicans get back in town, we will not stand for this #wealthcare #Trumpcare we wont be quiet #resist
Thanks for capturing this moment of true democracy.
Lol
SO INCREDIBLE!!
And of course it was just so, so, I don't know, spontaneous? Hahaha! Brian the Liberal enabler, puppeteer of leftist propaganda
Oh my, that is such an over the top, quixotic reach that it would make one laugh if not for sickly sweet nausea it induces. Fool
Now if we can separate Booker from Big Pharma and other corporate ownership we'll be in good shape.,
Truly magical

And this is why we need @CoryBooker to run for President in 2020.
This is trash
Bravo America! I am so proud of you for standing against the cruel trumpcare!
Magical is killing a bill about affordable prescriptions and getting kudos for theatrics about affordable healthcare
Thanks
Like it all! Power to the People !
@CoryBooker incredibly inspiring. Very exciting stuff.
@JoshLehrerPhoto here you go!
Amazing lift to the spirit... this IS what Democracy should be like. Thank you! Now we move forward with "people power" to do what is right!
All flashmob and no fire
Amazing things still happen as symbols of hope in the darkness of D.C. Govt
Booker-Schiff-Gilibrand-Murphy for POTUS. Get started!
Great to see democracy in action, was starting to give up on u Americans, till I saw this will RT
Senator Cruz, remember the message of Jesus who came to bring good news to the poor. Don't contradict you faith with politics or greed.
#NotTrue! It wasn't spontaneous or organic! You never said why you were there to begin with? Was it because you WERE THERE FOR PLANNED EVENT
We watched on FB. It was amazing. Our senator @SenJeffMerkley was there. Got his tweet. Retweeted & then saw this. They just don't get it.
2. This is history written small, personal and democratic. Like we started
Is it possible to get copies of some of your pictures. Ok if shows your name and caption--would actually prefer
Inspiring story. Will be with you in spirit at #PeoplesFilibuster. In person but for chemo treatment. Currently no ann. or lifetime caps.
One person can change the world. Everything starts with one person, "be the change you want" (Barack Obama).
"Something kind of magical"?  No. Whe he means is a carefully staged and heavily publicized event to make Democrats look good
#NeverCory
This is wonderful, thank you. Can't wait to come to DC now!
What an upbeat story. It only takes a spark to ignite a fire storm.
Sounds totally spontaneous. 
The most magical thing America wants these days is for you to go POOF,  disappear, before you completely wreck our beautiful Republic.#magic
this is the most wonderful tweet stream I have read in a very long tim.
This is what democracy looks like! What an amazing story! Thank You!
Incredible-read this thread! You ROCK @benwikler ! Thank you!
Reminds me of my childhood...
 I'm Just a Bill sitting on Capitol Hill
I loved every bit of this story. God bless everyone on those steps.
Thank you for sharing this
Interesting time to be alive. A real live 'star wars good verses evil' time. It feels good to be on the right side of this battle. #Resist
Good luck to you Ben, good luck to all of you and keep fighting. This Canadian wishes he could be there with you
They can go sit in public because republicans are not trying to kill democrats.
Y'all look like the preschoolers and mental midgets you are, sitting around in a circle, telling each other lies and fairy tales. 
Amazing thread - thank you!...
Not so much ancient spontaneous democracy as Cold War obvious propaganda shoot
Whether you are Dem or Rep, let us agree that this is really magical.  Thanks to all who  fought for such freedom. #LandOfTheFree
No "kinda" about it. Magical with a capital "M"!
Wow, what a genuine moment. Someone call Ken Burns. 
I hope history takes note - this was real, live democracy in action. Awesome.
Today I set out to create propaganda...  there, fixed it for you.
This would have been a lot more "magical" if it wasn't too perfect.
@benwikler awesome thread!  Great to see leaders at work and sharing with the people.  @kerrywashington for heads up 
Thank you.
Cool story bro.
I know , that was amazing

As authentic as Hillary's "walk in the woods".
MoveOn. So this was a paid for manufactured stunt.
This is dumb and will accomplish nothing, only simpletons are impressed
Yes we need to get the health care together that new commercial with women falling off club is horrible
thank you for sharing this beautiful gathering
Hopefully this is the beginning of the end of the GOP and not otherwise. We're at a breaking point.
Thank you for sharing.  It was magical and a sign of hope
Beautiful!
We are so lucky in the UK. This is compelling <3
That Guardian article about death rates in UK hospitals says otherwise.
This is a good idea for a flash mob. Have a couple people start, then others join in. Have a man with a camera ready.
Donald trump 1st embraced twitter. Now Corey booker embraces Facebook live. Considering softball shooting, kudos CB sat so open & unafraid.
Respect. 
This. Is. Unprecedented.  This. Is. Beautiful.  This ... brings hope. Thank you @benwinkler @CoreyBooker @repjohnlewis #Resistance #America
Spontaneous LOL, a Launch of a Presidential campaign maybe.
Wow, this all seems totally organic and not astro turf at all!
GASP this is HOW it should and is suppose to be done.. THEY have GOT to pay attention AS they WORK for US !!!!
Easily the coolest way to see democracy. Thank you for showing up so close.
This was amazing. Pls watch kinda long but very inspiring
I see no thread, no video
As real as:
Looks like staged theater to me too.
*FAP*
@Walkers_Class you gotta read this thread
I already did. I follow him. It's amazing.
Twitter storm 7/7/17 at 7PM EST to retain integrity in health care. Let's break the internet and show them our power
Finally. This is totally organic, totally democratic. 
Wanna buy the Brooklyn Bridge?  I'll sell it to ya cheep.
America
