Graham, Booker writing bill to block Trump from firing special counsel http://hill.cm/a6cSpws  
Drip drip drip ... The swamp became a lake that soon will become an ocean! . Meuller and crew will wash Trump & his rats out of DC!
The rats have been the problem in D.C.!!!
The rats Trump brought with him from the billionaires club have been a problem for the past 7 months! Flynn changed his story today! DRIP
Those billionaires earned there money , they didn't steal it from the taxpayers and make deals with lobbyists to sell off us
Tillerson and Exxon pay the lobbyists to make laws in their favor. Trump put corruption in the White House! Meuller will take care of it!
Will he take care of HILLARY? And all of her lawyers he hired as well?? How about wassmen? And it guy? And 37 other dems??
Get a clue. Congress can order independent counsels when ever they see a need. This one was ordered for Donny and friends!
They will find the end leads to non other then the Clinton's cartel! That's y she couldn't except defeat. She already planned her victory!!
To protect America from the American president. Unprecedented!
Yet, in this case, extremely necessary!
I mean, how obscene is it, even to think of it? *sigh*
Basically; a gang of criminals got so bold as to take over the system, rather than having to fight it.
Here's how bad it is. Rep Swalwell House Intel Committee. Hard to argue that visual. Research each individual and it's overwhelmingly clear.
You could draw the same graph between Obama and the Muslim brotherhood. Get real posers
I didn't "draw" it. House Intel committe produced it from the evidence they're gathering. As an American, you should be very concerned.
Meanwhile Trump is just making America greater than ever 
amazing quote on the subject from @Kasparov63: "Americans are learning from Trump that much of their democracy was run on the honor system"
We never realized how much of our system is based on a moral and ethical character. When someone has no shame or ethics, it can destroy us.
Ethical norms are usually more resilient than laws, which lawyers can always circumvent.
And also of course, every democracy in the end depends on the honor system.

Eventually you have to honor being voted out.
Yup... But autocrats and dictators don't honor those things.... this is why young democracies suffer... America is an established one though
240 years is a short time compared to, say, China. What we have now is growing pains. How we come out of this will determine our future.
True. I fear for what we will be left with post Trump.
I suspect we will be left with something much the same ... except Congress will reverse decades of giving the executive more power.
bc of him, unspoken best practices and rules of decency have to be spelled out ... in crayons for him
Amen.
Good news from Sen.'s Graham & Booker. Thank you Mr. Bharara. @Michael36776349
They should hurry up and write a bill for the nukes too!!!! Hurry please!
They better codify quickly
Mueller's investigation has to end before there's even a glimmer of hope for that.
Preet you sure you don't want to be the Governor of Michigan?
Fucken just put weiner in jail
Hurry!

If these aren't laws by the time Trump exits, we can never assume in good faith that they will be norms again for the next president.
That's the thing about shattering norms. They don't regenerate behind you. You have to put up stronger walls for the next person.
And perhaps Rs are considering that a Dem might come along and do the same things.  That should put the fear of God into them.
This is probably why they have no intention of killing the filibuster entirely.

ARREST HIM TREASON 

HE FREED ALL TERRORIST 
YET WOULDN'T GET BACK OUR CAPTURED…
They better hurry
Trump + his corrupt lot have shown that whole load of laws need to pass to protect from this kind of flawed characters will ill intentions!
Seriously You people 
 Your lies 
 Your hate 
 Your rhetoric 
 Your paid for souls 
 Should be ashamed 

Leakers & corrupt kills Real humans
In my business, a church's by-laws are a history of soft norms that were violated, with traumatic effect. #ShouldGoWithoutSayingButDoesn't
Now if only U can stop his drawing red lines to distract Russian investigation. IMPEACH this UNFIT corrupt buzzard willing to end Earth!
This admin has definitely shown the weakness in our system, and now we can plug those holes to ensure our ethical governance going forward.
In the the spirit of play Hamilton, let's have a program where As of every stripe discuss the A majority will go forward with. Who are we?
Look! Lindsay Graham found a spine!
He is in deep in the swamp
One thing the Dumpster is teaching us: how the framers never anticipated a malignant narcissist would ever pass through electoral crucible.
Where have the electors been? Staying quiet, given all the blood they have on their hands?
I am happy that the Congress is blocking every chess move that the buffoon makes with a bill. Hope he is checkmated soon.
Putin is gonna learn today, that America is not for sale! Thank you Congress!
Tell that to Bezos and the other billionaires that already own your clueless derriere.
You shouldn't be on twitter then. Hypocrite!
I guess you think Bezos is making cash from my tweets... great point, by dog standards,
You said billionaires which includes the founders of Twitter. I didn't say becoz is making money of your tweets..
Twitter is profiting from me... how exactly? What is the hypocrisy?
More users= more Ad revenue. You just said I was pandering to billionaires so are you ..
To its a sign of how much they don't trust him, and if they don't trust why should we? Why keep him there
Good question
Respect, a simple word with so much weight...... the President has to earn it. So many republicans don't respect him at all.
Why not just create an independent commission rather than harden a soft norm @LindseyGrahamSC @CoryBooker
Obama destroyed this Country, enabled North Korea and Iran by his weakness, no economic growth in 8 years. Corrupt spying on Americans
Bull shit this is an attempt of the Deep State to destroy the will of the people. We The People voted in Donald Trump. Get over it.
Loretta Lynch needs to be investigated along with Eric Holder and the clintons as well as Lois Lerner
Treason should never be rewarded. Democracy requires hard laws of protection not rely on honesty of pliable by cash politicians.
I hope they follow through and they better hurry.
No longer can common sense and loyalty to country be assumed.
BOMBSHELL! Comey’s FBI Helped Set Up Clinton / Lynch Tarmac Meeting http://truthfeed.com/breaking-bombshell-comeys-fbi-helped-set-up-clinton-lynch-tarmac-meeting/99099/ … via @truthfeednews
BOMBSHELL! Comey’s FBI Helped Set Up Clinton / Lynch Tarmac Meeting http://truthfeed.com/breaking-bombshell-comeys-fbi-helped-set-up-clinton-lynch-tarmac-meeting/99099/ … via @truthfeednews
Smoking Gun: AG Lynch Caught Talking to Clintons
The worst POTUS ever!
Preet is just sore cause he got fired!
Perhaps necessary now, nevertheless I fear the codifying of norms is further evidence that we have lost our way beyond our capacity 2 fathom

Losing
God speed in your efforts to stop him from further destroying our country any further!! For god sake article 25 get him out of there now

"Under Trump, gains against #ISIS have dramatically accelerated"
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/under-trump-gains-against-isis-have-dramatically-accelerated/2017/08/04/8ad29d40-7958-11e7-8f39-eeb7d3a2d304_story.html?utm_term=.36a5f1e5d94f …
Judge Jeanine: Why do we let them get away with it? https://youtu.be/FO3KIx-jvbM  via @YouTube
An upside to the Trump presidency?
FOIA Dump Reveals Collusion Between Lynch, FBI And Media to Bury Clinton Meeting
Yes, however if Trump were to fire special counsel immediate action would be taken against him. So who are the R's really protecting?
Loretta Lynch CAUGHT RED HANDED Using a FAKE Identity. She LIED Under Oath! http://truthfeed.com/loretta-lynch-caught-red-handed-using-fake-identity-she-lied-under-oath/98528/ … … via @truthfeednews
I can write a book on all the crimes committed by Obama and the Dems and all those who are covering it up.Nothing 2 say about Wasserman?
You are the ultimate in hypocrisy! Your record is dreadful!
What was inevitable before Trump was the corruption of the judiciary exemplified by you.
I believe your  firing Preet Bharara was obstruction of justice
We are living in the Rabbit Hole, an alternative reality with a "fake" alternative POTUS.....extraordinary measures are necessary....
This is just an attempt to keep the clown driving their agenda btw fuckups
Is wrong how can Illegals uneducated come here make more money than Black People and send 250 Billion dollars to Mexico, whose money?
You and Booker are so lost. Allowing illegals and criminals to enter this country is alright but having fair laws to curd it is wrong.
The danger in the special counsel is what if they intend on making up some b.s? Thats how much ppl distrust the left/deep state.
To bad this did not happen under Obama!
Credit where due: trump will be a pressure test for our democracy
Surely this would require a constiutional amendment seeing as President is head of Executive and can fire anyone?
Whatever it takes
@CoryBooker Have U returned money received from #JaredKushner? Time to divest & put it where Ur integrity is. Good Luck on this venture.
I was just thinking of him
Graham no flip flopping.
Yeah, that sounds like a great idea. Do you want the US to demonize your President further? That's what will happen. Weird grandstand, bro.
That's one good thing that may come out of all of this. We had to codify the two-term precedent President Washington set after FDR's 4 terms
WOW!  Just WOW!
So, is it weird that the party of values has twice now had to write laws to protect us from POTUS-ical misdeeds? 
#AskingForAFriend
Silver lining!
BOMBSHELL : Wasserman Schultz Forced to Admit SHE LIED http://truthfeed.com/bombshell-wasserman-schultz-admits-to-major-lie-in-tech-scandal/98098/ … via @truthfeednews
He's probably gonna try to fire you
Should've not fired Comey
Is that some sort of 'silver lining' to all this?
The exact opposite of what is needed from the GOP.
High time.  While they're at it they need to legislate financial disclosures (tax forms) for those running in the general election.
I bet that if that becomes law right now starting 2020, he wouldn't even try for re-election (if Bob Mueller doesn't get a hold of them 1st)
Aunt B needs to go back to SC and buy a pair!
Damn right! After Trump, all "norms" should become law! It needs to become LAW for every President to disclose their tax returns before 2020
When you all are in the bread line and see a doctor, maybe you will be happy!!!!!!!!!
Can't see a doctor is in your future!!!!!
If that's what it takes to see the taxes, eliminate nepotism, being able to remove security clearances, acting ethically - then make it so.
Bill protects Mueller's investigation to the extent that there is no CAUSE for firing. See what Graham told Fox News about leaks and blame!
NOT SO FAST. GRAHAM WARNS MUELLER AGAINST GRAND JURY LEAKS. A SET-UP.
We never thought we'd have to legislate decency on the Presidency...
Good, we need this shit set in stone when we literally can't trust the President OR senate/house politicians...
Makes me sick to my stomach but this is so gd important
True!
Not inevitable. We could turn into a fascist state if we are not vigilant.
Trump is fighting an uphill battle, you have a lot of people wanting to do a hit on him, no more than Graham who is still pissed he lost
Seriously - I'm so sick of hearing "He violated all possible norms!" Yes, WE KNOW THAT! Make the laws that STICK.
We've never had to enforce our system like this before in recent history but our system works!
Let's hope this is inevitable. 
Creating a kangaroo court to chase a false narrative while ignoring all of the Dem crimes is not a soft norm or an American principle either
Taking away the President's Constitutional authority is not a "soft norm". No wonder you were fired. we certnly don't nd a lecture from you.
Just a little late look at what has been destroyed already.
Boy democrats are really worried I used to like them but they are whiny pieces of shit.
Does anyone believe this will actually STOP #TyranTrump from firing Mueller
Don't underestimate his capability of destructive behavior.
The Cinton machine needs to be invetigated by a special council along with lynch
Can't we just put Trump in the ring with Conor Megregor
Sometimes unwritten rules are not enough, and written laws are needed - they are much harder to ignore.
Have you checked your 401k recently ? Oh that's it you probably don't have a 401k .
Have you looked at the jobs numbers today?
Like the clintons have honor and morals .I think not.
How about we add "all candidates for president MUST publicly release their tax returns" to the list...
Completely agree. Similar legislation needed for conflict of interests, emoulments, tax returns etc. Need to learn from mistakes
Dumb like the POTUS will not veto it. Bharara is one of the biggest liars in media, he can not even wipe his own THATS right I said it
Let the  people know the  facts and three facts and the country  will be safe.   - Abr
ham Lincoln
It is a true test of our forefather's vision & of the American people's ingrained values those founders have instilled in us.
So well said

This will never become law. FACT Preet fired
haha you got fired
Go Booker! He's a rising Democratic star.
Exactly. Because Trump has no sense of decency
It's like working in a large company: the obvious rules need writing down because dumb/dishonest people exist.
Thank you Senators
Semper Veritas, Honoras, Dignitas en Decorum.
You are truly an honorable man. Gracious recognition where it deserved and spot on support where it is warranted.
Very well said.
@maddow I keep saying instead of putting up guardrails GOP need to get Trump out.  Problem solved.
He is a lot more worried about what Putin will say or do than what's best for the country. ( Puppet ). Country before Party.
DT thinks he can have SC vote in his favor too. And who knows? He might be right
This is why many question our justice system. Bharara is investigating the very man he condemns daily. 3rd world.
Simple, we new how corrupt Hillary was and felt she couldn't honestly run this country. She even stole the nomination from Bernie.
And the people who voted for that lying piece of filth did it hoping for smaller government.
Preet, please run!  We need your brains and moral compass
Do you honestly think Hillary would've been any better.If so then you have turned a blind eye to all of her sandals.
Obama sold our country out when he made that bad deal with Iran.Hillary would have sold us out to.
Trump is the first American President, installed by a foreign enemy, with the express intent to destroy our democracy. #TreasonousTrumps
Very sad that It has come to this.
Will these "ethics " laws apply to everyone in office ?
Why couldn't you put this in effect when O pardoned traitor who sold out our country? You are a bunch of wackos who don't use common sense.
Yup. Seems to me they outta just impeach 
At least they are working together for the greater good not based on party lines
Benedict Arnold here in person fin traitor
That this bill would be unconstitutional does not seem to bother anybody on the left...
I'd like to see it made law that presidential candidates publicly disclose their income tax returns.
Sounds good to me. Let's see what's in their wallets.
Those of us here in Canada that are religious are praying for U. They rest of us are just drinking..ALOT!!
Congress is slowly rising to the occasion. Given the Supreme Court the judicial branch may not be an effective check on WH exec power
How do you protect your family from the head of ur family? Welcome to the new America in the era of Trump.
To include not profiting during Pres., tax returns teeth to ethics office or conflict of inteterst prohibitions, anti-nepotism in key roles.
Mueller will be Trump's Virgil. Down the River Styxx we go !
Skank!
When soft norms bc law; freedom is codified Not a good sign for a thriving democratic system. Integrity, honor can't be written into law

more like efforts to violate separation of powers and impose unconstitutional efforts.
Great idea. The violation of our Democratic norms is so blatant. It's as if they just threw the playbook out and said 'eff it'.
Lindsey Graham is becoming my new favorite Republican! Give em hell Lindsey!
Very much needed as well as not being able to pardon family members. Only good @POTUS has done is uncover where refinement is needed..
Why are you defending a witch hunt and not POTUS. Also go after Dems unmasking and ect theses are crimes
... and constitutional amendments.
New regulations - Republicans are gonna love it!!
I can hear the complaints of future Republicans already.
Nah they'll use whatever tools are developed vs Trump to hound the next dem president.
That won't stop them from complaining about "all these stupid laws" they find inconvenient.
True
As was your point as well. Curse the loss of subtlety that accompanies keepin it 140.
It does seem like we've been relying on norms and tradition too much to preserve our nation.
The special council that broke the rules went out of scope and is wasting taxpayer money?
Thank goodness- these folks are patriots like the Leakers!! There's a Treasonous jerk in the White House!!
Incredible to see that it's come to this in It once was the global template of democratic nations
The reason behind every policy rule or restriction has always been to prevent abuse of power. Trump wants those all removed
@CoryBooker
8) Unless Mueller 'not fire' bill becomes an Independent Counsel re-enact bill
45 will go free no matter what he did & we won't hear or know
I never realized how much the ins and outs of our govt. have been accomplished by mutual agreement, how little of it codified. Thanks, DJT!
If there's anything to (ick) thank blotus for it's the weaknesses he's exposed & the holes to plug to prevent an attempted coup by traitors
It's just Lindsey.
Pretty bad when GOP have to right bills protecting the US from the president
Fine by me.
And, not noticing that it is being done.  Do you think laws will eventually be enacted to identify "normal social discourse" ...
When you elect a clown you get a circus.  Please protect America at ALL costs!
Never in my lifetime has there been another instance of the Congress FORCING the president to do the right thing.
I´m glad there is some rational republicans left. I understand they can´t publicly confess Trump´s madness but that´s a good way to respond.
Too bad you've got that little thing called Separations of Powers to deal with 
I never knew so much of the presidency relied on the honor system until we had a president with no honor.
Dont u have the intelligence to see through the fake news & all that is being done to fix what liberals have destroy in our country
Here's the start of a dream team; Swalwell and Bharara!

Corruption galore!
If only you voted via paper. None of the russian collusion would have done anything.
Graham is a ass,why S C keeps voting for him I don't know ?
Darkness is catalytic for identifying and preserving shared values
I never dreamed that a criminal could be president. Never.
Oh yes, let's "codify" the "soft norms" of an unconstitutional mechanism to distract & destroy presidents. Better:
#FireHannity
#FireHannity
#FireHannity
#FireHannity
#FireHannity
#FireHannity
#FireHannity
#FireHannity
#FireHannity
#FireHannity
RT RT RT
I never thought I see the day when we write laws to protect America from its own president. Astonishing! And, they said Obama was bad?
