We're coming for you too, traitor!
Not wise to sacrifice Booker for dreams of Bernie. Bernie has been suspeciously quiet & too willing to work w/ Trump
Some sacrifice; Booker sold out American ppl for hundreds of thousands of dollars in pharma money. W/ Dems like that, who needs GOP?
The safety standards were the issue. Booker at least is standing up to Trump unlike many others, I credit him for that.
It's no talking to a lot of them, they helped to give us Trump.
We don't have time for them, and I'd implore other Dems just to cut them loose, ha.
Yeah, well, get your fellow Democrats to find their spines and get the fuck to work and resist! We need you.
yes, I'm like wtf are they doing?
Being typical Democrats
yes I'm like the republican  party all through Obama terms were very vocal. I'm like the dems need to get some balls!
excuse me? You don't know me so please stay in your lane. Thanks!
you don't know me you assume you know my political views. I don't " praise" anyone stay in your lane please and thank you.
@KatCapp
Tally
1. Defended big banks in 2012
2. Voted down RX bill
3. Voted for two Trump picks

Three strikes you are out! 2020
this is a nice video, to bad half of your party is just rubber stamping his cabinet picks
yeah @CoryBooker and Betsy Devos are old time school privatization buddies. They go to the same fund raisers. Gross.
He already stated that he would vote No, on her confirmation. Not good enough for you?
yeah. As long as it continues.
2020
@SenBookerOffice @POTUS @FoxNews @foxandfriends Trump has done more in 5 days than Obama in 8 yrs. Obama shd be embarrassed.
we don't need a cheerleader, we need you and your @DNC colleagues to ACT.
The first days of the Trump Administration have proven that we must continue to resist. 
Continue grandstanding Senator....Your virtue signaling is beneath your office sir.
Thank you ....I have never in my life hated a president like I do this man!..I will be 70 yrs old soon and I am still marching.
You're a crazy nut.
Seven Inconvenient Facts About Trump's Refugee Actions - Breitbart http://bit.ly/2khyYGn  via @BreitbartNews
Thank you so much for your video. So important that this "doesn't become the new normal". Disabled & scared, as r others like me
resist those payouts from Big Pharma first & then we might believe your rhetoric. Actions are louder than words,sir.
@BelkissObadia HOW MANY VOTES HAVE YOU CASTED FOR HIS CABINET?!?!?! RE-EVALUATE YOURSELF YOU'RE NOT READY!
We are finally making progress after 8 years of wishy washy obama
@UncleRUSH I'm going to resist by keeping prices of medicine high....
FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD fits BOOKER TO A TEE. Mr. Crooked. Thinks he will be President on day. HA HA LEAVE THE CULT FIRST. BIG LOSER.
is that what big Pharma told you to do? They are your masters, correct? #BigPharmaBooker #sellout #pawn
no you're are trump's pawn! Lol
I made my phone call to my house rep. David Price. I marched in the Women's March, this is a movement! I will call every day!!!!
@SenatorCollins @SenAngusKing  can help you.  Leave @CoryBooker to represent me
Seriously? Get another job Mr Booker because even your own party is not behind you.
No need to Resist this White male long-time Dem who voted for Trump cuz of the BLM THUGS and HRC corruption U don't want Whites
Resist? I got what I voted for! Something that would never happen in overregulated, unaffordable NJ.
The National Council for Formally Incarcerated and Incarcerated Women and Girls loves you!!!!
I'm so tired of you Democrats so Bill Clinton said we needed a wall but cause Trump says we need one u gotta fight..Total BS!!!
@SenBookerOffice No cory you Dems look like obstructionist fools.  Obama  failure anti-working class regime is GONE
Mr. Booker.... resist what?  What have you done to help Americans?  Your almost Emmy-like performances where you pretend to care by showing your outrage and your crocodile tears is .........!  Do something besides call for resistance.
Many thanks Senator Booker for all you are doing! We are fighting #RESISTANCE and praying along with you!
Thank you, sir. You are an inspiration!
shut up. Thank god for president trump
@SenBookerOffice Why aren't you working with him to make America a better and safer place? Because that's what he's doing.
You should be ashamed of yourself, your supposed to represent all the people not just one side. Keep on dividing the country.
resist what?
sorry! You lack what it takes to be the next prexy of the US!! Stop struggling and pandering and just do the right things!!!
we must resist. We must investigate. We must impeach.
Sadly Booker folded today and helped confirm a Trump nominee. Bernie is the countries only hope.
@neeratanden Resist how? By protecting drug companies?
by rubber stamping all of Trump's nominees, duh
how about resisting those cabinet picks?? that might be a good place to start
He ain't resisting shit! Booker votes with Team Trump. #traitor #spineless
Seriously, Cory, you're my Senator and I'm counting on you
then you should call him and ask why he voted against a #BernieSanders bill to lower drug prices
Bernie is not king of Democrats. I voted for similar policy in CA, but it didn't even pass here.
Why don't you put the country first & quit trying to tear the POTUS down constantly? You do have a while until you run in 2020
u really should not be in the Senate you really are a disgrace to our way of life may God have mercy on your sole
Thanks for your message to build the momentum of the movement.  We all need to do something everyday!
we will keep this republic safe from foreign and domestic TREASON, OUR FOUNDING FATHERS PAVED THE WAY AND IT'S FOR US TO FOLLOW
Yes We are engaged and we won't stop until we save our democracy. Our founding fathers gave us a republic and asked us to keepit
yes we must but we need to know that you and the dems will not allow a pix to go through for the supreme court
don't listen to those purity "progressives" who don't understand (along w @SenSanders ) the way government works in real life.
Yeah.. looks like you couldn't resist going along with the cronies and lowering drug prices for everybody. Next election we'll resist you
.@CoryBooker Thank you for your passionate message+call to action. Stay strong+we'll stay strong w/you. #Resistance #Hope
you're a leftist political hack. Where was your outrage w/ Obama lying about everything.UR just another militant Blackman hating
all Democrats resist. You just want to stir the brotherhood; the problem not solution. Educated fool!
@artminded_s Cory Booker, Run for US President! You are Charismatic,  Smart, Kind!!

. Smart and
Dr Martin Luther King, A Great American Hero!!! DIARY OF AN ANGRY WHITE MAN, LETTERS TO AMERICA. Amazon books, RoseDog Books
@artminded_s Resist not but Stand Up, Voice our concerns and take Action to help everyday PEOPLE.
He is mentally unstable.That is the problem  NOT FIT TO GOVERN.Those who let him continue r complicit
...it's 1775 and I'm a colonist... Common Sense by Thomas Paine...King=Rich?
@EWADJD_D #impeachtrump
Did Martin Luther King give his life for a welfare Check? READ Diary of an Angry White Man, Letters to America
sure coach I'm willing to fight but what are the rest of your party doing, other than playing along with DICK-tator don
I sent you an email thru your website regarding the @NJ_CASA 5K in May. My way of making a difference 
To much wining Booker learn to get along Obamas agenda wasted eight years of our lives come up with something new that works
.@CoryBooker @TheRebelPatient @SenBookerOffice #Share: just so happens @SelimYeniceri comes out #newmusicfriday  #IAmTheStorm 
Dem's lost 1044 seats across the country last election, the "NUCLEAR STRATEGY" will accomplish further selfdistruction! #MAGA
"Patriotism means to stand by the country. It does not mean to stand by the President."
---Theodore Roosevelt
.
please take a listen to my song #StrongerTogether all proceeds are going to the @ACLU 
your words about @POTUS have no substance. I count 1 alleged lie about crowd num's, who cares?! Have u nothing better 2 do? #GAL
who are you to disrespect your president?!?  And you are an elected official? You should be ashamed of your remarks.
my mother survived Mussolini.  she would describe Trump as another Mussolini.
Sen. Booker - don't we have 2 do something proactive to get him out? we are going to lose this nation. i promise u.
Give every American citizen an ID must show to vote not that hard but I'm not a lawyer step up tired of stupid resistance
Running counts as resisting, @CoryBooker! #2020 @CalZunt
Thank you for that encouraging message.
@UncleRUSH Powerful reminder
powerful video. I needed to see that. Thank you!
have U 4gotten that U all lost & U still don't get it ILLEGAL SANCTUARY CITIES against fed law

any chance of impeachment.are we in danger of a Coup?
Yes! #resist
thank you. I was feeling overwhelmed with all of the horrible news coming out of the White House. Thanks for the inspiration
Make sure all the big talk includes issues around CLASS.  Thanks Love.
somehow the Dems Leadership have to help structure groups so the Resistance is coordinated and meaningful.
you should prepare for 20/20
Thank you for sharing your words of wisdom of hope.
@SenBookerOffice Resist the voters all across the land who put Mr. Trump in office? That's why your side loses. Out of touch.
WHY Resist??????   WHERE IS UR ALTERNATIVE IDEAS, SUGGESTIONS, WORK WITH WHY WORK AGAINST???  FOR WHAT GAIN? 
JUST BEING A JERK?
you are a joke ..
how about you getting you hands out of big pharma's pocket & represent the people who trusted you!
your not even full black dude look at your skin stop starting hate
Thank you for your words of encouragement. Love you!
#PotusIsAmericasEmbarrassment
@SenBookerOffice @repjohnlewis, Rally ur colleagues to start the impeachment process. Trump isn't mentally stable 2 be president
Not only must we resist Trump's dangerous plans, but your obedience to #BigPharma as well.  #Pharma13 #Sellout
you need to actually look at what is happening in America rather that to spread false rhetotrtic
You can start talking to me about resistance when you stop voting with Republicans. #RepresentYourConstituents
What the hell are you talking about? So we should fight against him and hope he fails. Pls find something to occupy your time.
This guy's a DICTATOR! AMERICA IS UNDER A DICTATORSHIP! GOP LOVE EXECUTIVE ORDERS NOW! LETTING HIM DESTROY THE COUNTRY! SHAME!!!
DONALD TRUMP'S BIPOLARISM MAKIN USA  ISOLATIONIST! MAKING BIG ENEMIES! CREATING HUGE DEBTS! DIVIDIN RACE'S! THIS IS A NIGHTMARE!
resist what !! Change!! #maga
Absolutely!!!! #truthwillprevail #truthmatters
great job in Newark.
The first days of the Trump admin has proven that we elected the best man for the job! Donald Trump is a super hero!
Every Thursday @ the Az Capitol, I register citizens in the REQUEST TO SPEAK system, bcuz initial reg. must be done in person.
R2S allows voters to follow Bills, show support or opposition & give a reason why.  It becomes part of permanent public record.
@SenBookerOffice Corey, you need to practice this by example. Stand up to the Trump regime. We're counting on the dems.
resist enforcing the law of the land?  Why
@Africanfighter you lost my support when you voted against Senator Sanders pharma bill. You care about donors not the rest of us
why are you doing this for the President hasn't been in office a week and are putting him down SHAME ON YOU
then stop acquiescing to his madness you spineless fuck
thank you for this! And please continue to inspire us! We need you now more than ever!!!
keep on him about his taxes & the pipe line like he did like birther movement.
love from 07853 - not everybody here is R!! Please keep strong and Resist!Lots of us r watching&needing some Real Dem leadership
# you are telling everybody to stick up for what's right" no" YOU stick up for what's right the Lost victims of the mother's
@UncleRUSH # i heard what U said now U HELP
over 100,000,000's of family praying
The system is corrupted
Booker is a big reason we are in this mess , he doesn't represent the people ! No more corporate Dems !!!
keep resisting and find yourself on the wrong side of history
Dems need to step up - play the game - hardball. I am disappointed in my Dem Leaders. Where is their voice? DC, get a grip.
can't resist if our medicines are expensive.
I am 100% with you.
Cory for President!!
It shows that we have some fascists and racists at the White Housemen#Resistance for We The People #Democracy
Sen. Booker, please keep going and we will go with you. Your leadership is greatly needed and applauded!!  2020 is coming soon!
Is this why you voted with your corp donors against cheap meds from Canada instead of helping American people?
what happen to the last 10 keystone pipelines will drilled into the last 8 years why is this one so so important to you
empty words if you're approving his cabinet picks, Senator. You were one of my favs and the pharma vote and now this...smh
you voted for some of DT cabinet picks!Why?Hard not to lose heart when the only 1 with back bone @HillaryClinton you all dumped
you are just stop.
I will if you will
Veterans are mobilizing.  We have a Petition http://www.thepetitionsite.com/582/332/787/veterans-have-a-message-for-donald-trump-resign-or-be-impeached/?taf_id=33111467&cid=twitter#bbfb=960363404 … and we will March!
well said, Mr. Senator. Statesmen like you must stand up to the rhetoric of the angry white man who now occupies the White House
@SenOrrinHatch
@senatemajldr
@PattyMurray
@SenBobCasey
@SenToomey
@robportman
@Sen_JoeManchin
@MapLight
http://maplight.org/us-congress/interest/H4300/view/all …
thank you!
Except I'm not seeing much resistance from you or any other Democrats. #talkischeap
sir your voice is our voice please Stop Uber x operation in Nationwide to save local cab limo business
Always! #Resist #corrupttrump #IllegitimatePresidency #illegitimate #ResistTrump #resist
@chicoscperez Mr Booker you lost me  when you voted against Americans in favor of BIG PHARMA.
you low life! Your yet another reason for the division between the people of America! Use your influence to make us one!
Wait. What? Short term memory loss?
Cory Booker dreams of a world where poor people can't go to school
Get world leaders to boycott Trump, not meet with him
thank you
Fight back stay diligent! If you are not registered to vote get on the books! We need to take back the congress and senate 2yrs!
@UncleRUSH resist what? Like I said earlier. Be apart of the solution and help fix America. That's why you were voted in office
then why are so many Democrats voting for his choices? @SenateDems need to band together and resist this dictator Trump!
Yes continue to resist the great changes Pres Trump is making for American people & you will continue to lose elections.
I AM on it!! STAY STRONG  # RESIST !
keep fighting T-Bone.
so you are positioning a run in 4 years. We will see.
@dmpatino ugggggg and to think u were the only Democrat I liked!  Not after what you just said!
Thank you for voting NO on Betsy DeVos for Education Secretary
is this how you resist BOOKER?   Really!  @NJDSC @PolitickerNJ @starledger @washingtonpost @NJ_Politics @TheRoot @nypost
Perhaps we should inform your @SenateDem colleagues who seem more about going with the flow? Disappointed and PO'd.
you voted against us with prescription drugs. We will defeat you......
@Merri__Magic resist Mr. Booker, good luck with that!Getting ready for !2020 I guess ehh??No Trump fan but better than Democrats
made a decision 2 inform the spanish ppl even without a computer n sick w/ #lupus will do my part #resist no #alternativefacts
I don't believe in the Democrats ability to fight. Republicans are ignorant AF & that helps them in a fight. Dems, aren't as hungry
@SenBookerOffice BLA BLA BLA BLA BLA SHIT BLA BLA BLA SHIT BLABLA BLA BLA BLA BLA SHIT BLA BLA BLA SHIT BLABLA BLA BLA BLA BLA..
So DO that. Resist! Vote against all appointments. Filibuster any and all SCOTUS nominations. This is war!
YOU ARE A FRAUD
Hey nice suit who bought it for you Pfizer, GSK, or Merck.
"Keep fighting for kindness, decency, and love." 
@ILUVBNAMOM43 Cory can we get an organized coordinated msg coming fm Dems...@POTUS has provided so much ammunition n a few days.
Thank you for this great reminder and for your positivity!
I bet Donald Trump wishes his hands were as big as yours! I love you.
Resist! Is this your new slogan? Yeah keep us Newark folks in the same craphole, dangerous schools. You fake, phony #emptysuit
People hate Trump since he is undoing the damage done to USA by Barack Hussein Obama, Cory Booker's hero. Forget it Cory POTUS is not yours
resist like you resisted against big pharm? Clown.
how about you #resist taking money from big pharma to block lower cost Canadian drugs #stopplayingbothsides
Help! Nothing seems to matter. Where are the grown-ups???!!!
you are a disappointment...
fool,,take your medicine,,the people have spoken,,,and crushed the liberal progression machine,,,get used to it,
Great video, Cory.  Thanks for keeping our spirits up and keeping us motivated!
Right on Cory Booker!! We're with you!
So inspiring...We're building a movement one postcard at a time. Just hoping to inspire others. #PostCardResist
...Why, exactly, didn't you run for president? Aside from the whole "okay, so all the racist jerks and high stress" thing.
Be ready to lose friends on this four year mess folks. The alt-right closet is open & those inside are sensitive to true light!
