We've tried Cory, they're NOT listening.
Try this. They're counting calls.
I tried.  Busy and voicemail is full. Will keep trying.  I can't afford to lose my healthcare insurance even tho coverage stinks.
Thank you so much for calling. They were busy when I called too. And voice mail was full.
Cory Booker all the Democrats are on American they are so corrupt they need to be all put in jail for trying to disrupt America
Geesh why can't they just fix Obamacare? Oh I forgot because obama's name is attached to it phuck 22 million unsecured Americans
The fact that ACA is called Obamacare is R's fault. The Rs didn't really repeal ACA b/c they knew they can't get 2/3 to pass Trumpcare.
Boom! And trump supporters don't even realize that it's the same thing
That's like saying if 100 prisoners escape from prison, you calling them "homeless". WORKING CLASS FAMILIES CAN'T AFFORD ACA!
And when was the last time CBO was right?
CBO lied about obamacare and was off by billions and billions
Full Repeal, Cory. Do it for the culture.
People in NHs had to literally spend every last dime they had over  $2k to qualify for Medicaid. They couldn't afford health ins for 1 mo!
Sounds good to me. That is what happens when people are allowed to choose whether or not to have insurance.
Not a choice. It's forcing people out who can't afford. Go back to the sand box. Stick your head back in it. Thank you.
To care they can't afford!
Nobody wants to be uninsured.
Don't R's have mothers in nursing homes &children with pre-existing conditions and desire to avoid bankruptcy too? I don't get it.yes craven
Oh yes, let's talk about mother's in nursing homes who have most likely been there before Olosercare. What ever did we do then? ::eyeroll::
We paid for it w/Medicaid-cuz most can't afford nurs. home care long term. Sen.&House bills decimate Medicaid.No eye roll-sarcsm not helpful
Thus an outright LIE. Your thought process and behavior is in question. Truly you are a ignorant fool
You must be selling the Kool aid as well as drinking the Kool aid.
Poor choice of words. Big difference between lose and choosing NOT to get insurance. Silly liberal Dems
Cory Booker and all the other Democrats need to find another job cuz they're not worth a s*** in Congress
Your too busy counting the money U get from big pharma and Kushner family! Your wrong again! Primary you seat!!!!! BYE!
@dalseyd 
Cory Booker, Let Democrats stand up.  It is Time.
Can uninsured citizens in the 19 states that rejected Medicaid extension start lawsuits against their GOP governors and/or legislatures?
Of which, 15,000,000 within the very first year! Can some good rich people offer health insurance on the exchange to counties without plans?
Leave it to the Leftist Progressives to make the rest of us subsidize their healthcare!! Like we owe you or something! #RepealAndReplace
Total horseshit...giving people an option is NOT cruel!  Forcing it down their throat is CRAVEN & CRUEL!! #RepealAndReplace
You always talk about health insurance what kind of health insurance do you have I bet it's a whole lot better than what I ever get
Come on man.   Use some real numbers.  Quit trying to scare everyone.  Guess what?  That bum on the street corner has no insurance today.
And premiums come down... and the deficit improves...
yep let's just let the current one implode. Then no one has health care.
We constantly hear about people W/ opioid addiction who will lose treatment due to Medicaid cuts but what about seniors & disabled in NHs?
POTUS cares more about 70k miners than 22 million Americans. Funny how that works. What a joke.
Big difference between forced to buy and choosing not to buy.  Wise up.
The poor can NOW get jobs.
Yes, lets all go vote for Rs since they love their fellow human beings so much r should I say ppl making over  $250k #GOP #greed #trump spin
Keep drinking the Kool aid
Why would you lie Cory.... ?   Really. Smarten up
Amen
For a well educated man you are an economics failure - get a real job and then you would know why Obama care doesn't work.
We must Stop Them around Fourth of July! No Matter How Much Time!
Please be part of the solution - don't just protest - this will only get fixed by reaching across the aisle #problemsolvers
Here's my voice...GIVE US an ALTERNATIVE solutions! Obamacare isn't it either!!!! Do something constructive. Solutions not obstruction!!!!
Agree it needs some work Cory but how many lose when Obamacare craters. It's already 50% there!!!! Little choice and crazy premiums!!!!
Bull, no big deal, way better than the Obuma no care.
That's 22 mil MORE
Thank you Corey !!
Well done, keep it going!
Thank you for your inspiring leadership tonight @CoryBooker! NJ is proud to have you leading the fight to save our healthcare!

#Obamacare, aka the un-#ACA, doubled my health care expenses.  Of course, #TrumpCare just tweaks it, not a repeal.
most crucial problems, unable to take care our sick, disabled.  politician fight for stabilizing staffing ratio, bosses set standards ratio
@TucsonBlonde We call the GOP bill here in Oklahoma. Polite Genocide!
Why don't we Beta test their plan on them?
Obamacare has crushed med care. Somethings got to give and I for one am tired of paying for others while paying for my family.
Obamacare only covers 10.3 million Cbo said it would cover 22 million
BIOMI, #CoryBooker. We already know you're an establishment tool.
I say let it pass. The country needs a catalyst to get people to understand today's GOP and hold them accountable in mid-terms. Let it go!
How can the leadership of our country look themselves in a mirror in the morning each day and think they are doing the right thing (crazy)
Hate to see them stop breeding and get a job.  Personal responsibility.
Senator, can you give your constituents examples whete the CBO had been correct? Furthermore it is based on how many MORE will be eligible
Why don't you talk about how many lost it on Obamacare because of high premiums and lack of insurance companies to choose from. Hypocrite
Then repeal it and shut up
If the CBO score was ever reliable USCitizens would be concerned. Based on their track record of constant inaccuracy CBO has no credibility.
What's your plan Senator?  Those who do nothing, complain. Those that lead offer solutions. If you don't like the bill offer alternatives!
Time to simply FIX the ACA!
Vote against
15 Million Will Lose Coverage in 2018...........Unconscionable!!!
Yes. And how about Jared Kushner's security clearance? And Ivanka's? Withdraw them for the safety of all of us!
It's a lie Cory and you know it. CBO CANT predict the future. People MAY loose insurance if THEY CHOOSE NOT to carry insurance for 2 months
I wholeheartedly agreed.   I'd love for @SenateGOP and @SenateDems to work together anew and come up with a bipartisan plan we can ALL love.
My Arkansas Senator is complicit in this! Thank u for working for us.
No! A majority of the 22M no longer FORCED to be extorted by O-care, and they don't buy insurance.  DIFFERENCE between extort and want/need.
Stop taking Big Pharma Money Phony Booker your cruel explain
How many have lost their coverage under Obamacare and will lose coverage? What are those numbers?
How is this #MakingAmericaGreatAgain @realDonaldTrump ??
Booker and the usual suspects must be stopped. Only interested in their agenda which is single payer.
Dems have given it away. It's all about expanded Medicaid. Federal outlays skyrocketing. Fraud running rampant.
Obadma care stinks. Why don't you help them instead of bitching about it. I will vote you out.
YOU our senators are supposed to be our voice. Our senators are not listening. Citizens dial and dial. This is frustrating.
I read the @USCBO you should too the 22million is the estimated # that CHOOSE not to be cover since there is no gov mandate STOP LYING
Thanks for fighting against this, Senator. Please do everything you can. No time to play nice.
When has the CBO EVER been correct? Why do we even put any stock in what they say? Yet, we treat these pronouncements as "fact".
In the Future, don't Vote for these Republicans!! with there Machiavellian ideas, and princables! They care not about the poor!
Ask to meet with the President and/or the GOP to work out the kinks.
Just complaining is not productive.
do you have any info on the percent of the time the CBO is actually correct?
. #Trump and #Republicans will view this as #winning 22 is less than 25 compared to #AHCA -- so discouraging
i would like to see the GOP and others do an actuarial analysis up to 25 years from now of indirect remittances and costs
You said it, @CoryBooker

The ACA is better than the Republican plan, but we the people want something different than both. What is your stance on SINGLE PAYER, Cory?
yeah the cbo is known for its accuracy. ..fear mongering dems at it again. .keep your health care. ..I want yours.
Have let all my @gop lawmakers go for it.
Please fight this!! Please 
And under the Democratic health care bill Millions more couldn't afford it like 300 million
Oh yes let stay with fraud Obamacare that was sold on a lie! And has just about destroyed our healthcare system. Idiots this horse is Dead
#Obamacare is working well here...affordable, pre-existing conditions not an issue...
Your GOP colleagues don't care. They have no compassion. They have no soul. They only care about tax cuts for the wealthy, not protecting 
No American people know who the grime reaper is Democratic Party! The American ppl are awake! You are the death Squad don't forget it!
It is the Handmaid's Tale Bill. Women will again be dependent on men and low income will die out.
#DNCFraudLawsuit  #Demexit continues
Yes.  And Booker is proof that one can opppose the GOP bill while simultaneously remaining a corrupt corporatist hack.
Almost everyone loses. Think your employer based plan is safe? Nope Premiums up Services could be restricted All to give the 1% tax break
6.5 million are signed up under Obamacare and estimated 10 million will be signed by Jan  so how can twice that number lose their coverage?
What was the number who lost their HC plans because of OLOSERCARE? Was it 30, or 35 million, I forget since I'm old as dirt and all.

you are my Senator and I know you are with us in vetoing this cruel and disgusting bill. Thank you
@CoryBooker My AZ senators don't listen to us. Fight hard for all of us!!!
More libtard lies from the fake hero!
How many lost thier coverage when the ACA became law? How many othets were forced to buy what they did not want or need?
27 million have no insurance NOW under the ACA. That is craven & cruel as well. Advance & advocate for ALL Americans: #MedicareForAll
#PasstheBILL ObamaCare is useless & dying! We need a sane, non socialistic approach to insurance that focuses on the free market & choice.
GOP disagrees. Many of 22 million will be permanently removed from uninsured category - i.e. dead.
...yawn...
HEAR THIS! You OWN the mess that Ocare! Derilict in your duty, YOU NVR EVEN READ IT B4 voting! Time 4 U @SenatorMenendez to GTFO
This is America Cory not some Socialist Faux Country. Stop your Lies now you Panderer and Obstructionist
Let O care mature. you own it buddy
I called Senator Daines office today (yes, I live in MT)... it felt so pointless. 
Thank you mb. Keep calling anyway.  All of them check their daily call counts. Dont let them wear you down!
ThankYou @CoryBooker for Cosponsoring #DCstatehood bill #S1278 2017, to "Let" voteless DC pop "voice be heard." Ask @SenatorMenendez join.
It maybe mean but it will show trump supporters how stupid there decision was Voting for him
Love thy neighbor. #resist #shame
I know my senator @SenBillNelson will vote NO; but @marcorubio doesn't care about Floridians - he only cares about himself.
@marcorubio If she's right, we will make sure nobody forget where you stand.
He refuses to hold town halls.
If it acts like a pig....
Please fight the Senate GOP bill. Unfair to Americans.
I'm considered to be covered. I pay 3 times more than I used to. To the point that it's worthless. I cant use it AT ALL. It means nothing!
As long as some of us are forced to pay more to cover other ppl, we wont be "covered" even if you count us as covered. It's a scam
the ONLY way to teach the GOP y this is bad is to take away their "people paid for" insurance plans.the only good healthcare wil involve GOV
Please keep fighting this insanity Senator Booker. The irony that this most adversely impacts "core Trump voters" isn't lost on most of us.
My god!!  What has happened to human decency
The message that Republicans are sending is survival of the fittest. Not everyone is meant to live and prosper when resources are limited.
And how accurate was CBO with prediction of how many would be covered by Obamacare? Only off by 13M & Est 10M added to Medicaid - Act. 14.4M
I'd like to see a CBO score on how much "Big  Pharma" money goes into your pocket this year.

#CelebratingA4ThOfYourLiesTrump: Next Stop Impeachment & Jail Time. Sincerely yours, one combat veteran. 
CT is against the bill so who can I yell at.
@CoryBooker talk to your rep colleagues!
The whole system is broken. $10000 to sit in a hospital bed for 3 hours. No wonder insurance is ridiculous. My dr got paid less for working.
Stop it with a dem counter proposal for ACA revision!
thanks for the info...we will
Thank you, Senator. My 88 yo mother paid into this system her whole life, as did my dad. Don't let @GOP kick her out of her nursing home.
"Paid into the system" meaning Social Security, not HEALTH CARE. Imbeciles. Truly.
The taxes my parents paid for decades also pay for Medicare, which pays for a large share of nursing home care in this country.
Yeah how many of those are the ones being forced to buy it?
Where is your voice, Senator? I want to see your face everywhere decrying this bill. I want to be sick of all Senate Dems.
I'm so disgusted with the creeps and ghouls in the GOP.
Absolutely disgrace and despicable!
Senator Booker, @KellyannePolls said that people who lose insurance need to get a job with health benefits.
do we have a breakout of how many illegal are in the 22 million and how many of the tens of thousands (per Pelosi) would be  illegals?
We demand an ammendment filibuster;any possible way to block this bill coming to the floor. Call out @GOP @SenateGOP lies on TV! #AHCAKills

@CoryBooker @@ million won't lose anything Cory, They'll have a free choice to buy or not to buy Health Insurance as opposed to a mandate!
You don't understand what the CBO score is about. Find out - then talk in an educated way.
,
,
a Senator with leadership skills would ask to meet with Republican and address the bills faults, not just stand on sidelines and complain.
Are Republicans still going to deny that this bill is awful for middle class/poor Americans who are sick/old/have pre-existing conditions?
Could be worse...

No, no it really couldn't
its called Obamacare
The thing covering 22 million more?
You do understand that a good percentage of that number comes from the elimination of the mandate to by insurance - Obamcare itself is dead
So?
So most of the 22 will choose not to have health insurance
If not affording = not choosing then yes
No they will not choose to because there is no mandate - only 7% of the population even uses Obamacare
The CBO score must be reviewed. Obamacare was going to force millions out of the system already due to high costs
Why is the @GOP so intent on harming millions of people for the sake of scoring political points?
MONEY that travels from drug&ins cos into GOP coffers and I suspect directly into some pockets
Hey sexy. How are you doing? () () () :) :) :)
Keep up the good work @CoryBooker.  This health care bill will have devastating effects on Medicaid waivers
What are you and @SenatorMenendez doing to delay this vote? Please use all options at your disposal (cc @SenSchumer)
Lies..they are just terrorfied OC is history because that further damages their socialist dreams
