It’s Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?
You voted against lower drug cost by importing and took cash from the industry #shamefulhypocrisy
I hope u look closer. I voted against a non binding resolution - would have achieved nothing but wrote binding legislation to allow imports
@POTUS seems to forget ACA is still the law of the land and no one has lost coverage YET! Who knew health care would be so complicated?
What about a bill that all government employees must have the same insurance options as citizens? No exemptions.
I would be in full support of that unicorn bill.
What about a referendum that would repeal that exemption (for Sen & Reps) in the current bill? If it passes, it might get interesting.
Pay attention. They fixed  it!
Perhaps you need to mind your manners, son.
So much for strong women!!
Sorry you don't know any - we're awesome.
Have 3 beautiful daughters  that's doing just fine!
Why don't you give back the $500,000+ you got from big Pharma to vote against Bernie's bill to lower drug prices by getting them in Canada.
Thank for trying to help stand against this monsterous vote.
@CoryBooker u claim ppl will die bcuz of the proposed plan. Where were u & @TheDemocrats when vets were dying bcuz of failing VA? Hypocrite!
We will fight with you.  Rewrite it fixing the problems with ACA or push for single payer. Time for real health reform.
Good!
You will do so for 2 reasons: because it is a republican bill, and to grandstand for 2020.  You are devoid of principles.
I won't need to call your office because I know you will never give up the fight! Thank you!
Kellyanne Conway, on FoxSpecialists, asking the viewers what YOUR accomplishments are in NJ. She gonna run?
Senator We're counting on you. We should all declare pre-existing conditions. 321M+ cases blows up this heartless plan created by hypocrites
Thank you for your tireless support @CoryBooker <3
Cory is Lying
and come election time, you will be voted out
Thank you!!
Please...don't let us die!!!
This Guy is a piece of work. Bought and Paid for by big industry but will clam his a little guy. His eyes bug out while lying too
Cory Booker is a nut case. Perfect example of too much booze!
Why don't you Demoncrats get off your "high horse" and start serving the American people ! We voted and elected our President Trump! !
Thank you C Booker
Thank you!!
Will they give you more than hour to debate or a CBO score first? Or cram it through like the House.  Embarrassed of my country
Mr. Senator NJ.keep fighting to keep NJ voters OBAMACARE..HIGH PREMIUMS..HIGH DEDUCTIBLES..NO COVERAGE..NO CHOICE..YOUR HEALTH INS GOVT PAID
But it was ok for you to deny us lower costs for meds while accepting hundreds of thousands from the industry...#DemExited
Shame GOP 
#greed #trash #trump 
#Imapreexistingcondition
Are you going to tweet or get to work? You have lost my confidence.
If only NJ's Congressional House Representatives were all as enlightened as its Senators.
I don't believe for a minute that you care a/b your countrymen's health. Not when you don't support M4A -we know your vote on meds-ur owned.
Will you please come out in support of #MedicareForAll ? Dem Party must stand FOR the ppl. We will die without affordable hc. Help us
all you people had health care given you by pols who didn't even know what was in it ! give your Pres a chance
Thank you .@CoryBooker - we are counting on you and your fellow clear minded Senators to make this right!
Thank you
Thank you Cory
I'm praying the Senate insists on the CBO score getting done. That should prove the evil that is the AHCA bill.
At least youll be given the curtosey of reading it before voting on it.
HOW DARE HIM!!!"HE"will NEVER have to worry about healthcare! I've dedicated my nursing career to caring for ill children.He should go to 1!
Senator, we have spoken, and now we need your guidance on what to do next to let our concerns and outrage be known. A death sentence for me.
While fighting against Americans trying to buy more  affordable meds from Canada .
God be with you
Will u sponsor legislation for Congress to receive AHCA and pay for it?  Thanks for all u do.
Thank you! 
Thank you Cory Booker
Ridiculous statement. If this bill passed the senate 20 million ppl would loose insurance.  Nice try but we're not all ignorant as you.
Thank you, Senator! After 8 years of criticizing the ACA, the GOP came up with this piece of "legislation"? Hope the Senate cools their jets
It's not a health plan. It's a hate crime.
Thank you! We are with you and we are counting on you.
Thank you. As a disabled woman with a disabled child, I'm stressed out. I can't believe how this MAN (so called pres) thinks it's ok? 
Love you, Senator 
I know you will!!! Many thanks Mr. Senator!!!
Yea yea yea @CoryBooker your a crook just like the rest  @TheDemocrats we need to flush you all down the toilet
Hard to say, Jerk! And Rape is a preexisting condition!?! You are F'd up!!
How can we help?! This cannot go any further
Cory Booker tirelessly puts my vote for him to work. #SometimesIDoTheRightThing
Thank you from NJ
Enough! #VoteNoAHCA
Love ur big money donor cronies on ur twitter. U Feed their pockets with crap plans that screw us as your personal wealth grows tremendously
Senator: thank you! We need your leadership on this!
Ocare is Horrible for 96% ouf us,a freebie for 4%. Most of them are able bodied, lazy, bottom feeding takers. Let medicare care for needy.
Please.  And, thank you.
Obamacare is a rickety, failing ponzi scheme that has cost so many their health, jobs and business'. How heartless can you be?
Please don't let this bill survive the Senate.
Too bad you didn't vote to allow us to buy Canadian drugs. Will you cave on AHCA also? Shameless craven. I used to admire you.
Go get 'em, Cory! #RealLeadership
@realDonaldTrump Cory Booker 4 2020 President
You rock.
@realDonaldTrump Not as many That r going 2 under ur plan
@realDonaldTrump Can't wait till ur out of the WH so everything u have damaged is overturned!!
My son and I did - 2018 - TOGETHER.
We have our trust in you and so many others.
#ArrestTinyHands Now and Save A Bundle On Your Funeral! #ArrestPotusOligarch #BREAKING The Boundries Of #BreakingNews And Inmorallity!
Mr.Booker, working people are just tired of paying for generation welfare people & all these illegal.just that simple.
But will you support single payer, Medicare for all?
You go buddy ! Borrow some Clinton Saudi funds and fight !
Fix ACA in a realistic way where people are covered, coverage options increase and insurance companies profitable. preferred single player
Thank you for serving us well.
Please do not call yourself pro-life if you penalize people for having a preexisting condition.
@SenBookerOffice please make sure the republicans inhumane excuse of a health care bill doesn't make it out of the senate.
Yeah...you were pretty solid on the bill allowing people to buy prescription drugs from Canada
God bless you, @CoryBooker, for standing up for the citizens of America.  We deserve better than this.
Parasite sarsour now coat tailing on healthcare issue.
My wife had open heart surgery to repair her aortic valve. #ACA helped save her life. Please protect her from the pre-existing nightmare.
I donated a kidney, so I guess I too have a new 
Preexisting condition
Yup. Even having a kidney stone is a pre-existing condition.
Thank you Senator @CoryBooker
What is so craven? Ocare was merely RENAMED - same boondoogle different name !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My mans 
So, what's your position on Medicare for All?
But only if your for profit health care and drug company donors tell you to right Corey.
Thank you so much Senator
More empty words from a man who speaks tough but does NOTHING!
Sure you will, but will you suppory HR676?  Lol, I think we all know the answer to that...
As many people as you have decided shouldn't have it @realDonaldTrump  you swine!!!!
@RenaSofer please don't get political. I really like you on @BandB_CBS!! Don't make me quit watching the show please.
You'd better!!! So far you've done nothing of value!!!
Thank you, @CoryBooker!
My dude.
Thank you! Don't let up!
Proposal.Since Republicans think this is a fantastic bill they, their families should be subjected to buying their healthcare from Trumpcare
Brick city up....@CoryBooker I believe in you Please fight for it....#Voteno
Obama Care Saved lives. ...
Not you 
Not #realdonaldtrump 
why because the surging healthcare premiums of Obamacare are what the people want?
Maryland announces surging rates on Obamacare exchange http://washex.am/2pehien  
Thank you Senator :)
Thank you.
So you'd rather the dead unaffordable care joke?
Thank u Senator Booker. Keep up the great work for our awesome state of NJ.
I will be fighting along with you.
After the vote 24000000.
Thanks
@realDonaldTrump  what has the last craven 8 years got us?
Thank you Sen Booker
Thank you for your leadership!
Not enough that care about society & community.  Too many that care only for themselves and heir own personal wealth.
And if @realdonaldtrump survives 4 years hopefully you can beat his ass in an election too. #ImpeachTrump #DonaldJTreason #DonaldJTrussia
You won't fight for S___! Big Pharma paid you $300k and you voted to screwed over the American people to get reasonable meds! Vote you out!
Thank you sir !!!
I need you to stand up be heard even stronger then the good Chuck Schumer!!!
You are going to be the next Democratic president I need you to be more voice full like Bernie Sanders and Chuck Schumer
Loved you on @PodSaveThePpl. Thank you for fighting. We are counting on you in the senate to hold our R reps accountable.
BOOKER OR THE CROOK 2020(trying out campaign slogans)
I'm one of your constituents. PLEASE DO SO!
thank you for fighting for "us"
Thank you @CoryBooker, for having the backs of those whom the President of the United States as well as many Republicans, do not!
How do DC Republicans sleep at night? Oh, that's right, POTUS doesn't.
Thank you, Senator Booker.
Thank you, sir. I pray that you and your colleagues are able to do the right thing for those Americans that need the protection of the ACA.
Senator, I'm from Nebraska.  I feel my senators don't listen.  What can I do now until the 2018 reelection with Deb Fisher?
We are counting on all of you. PLEASE don't let this pass. It's an inhumane disgrace.
this bill is truly a war on women. Thank you for fighting for NJ
Please do Cory, please do!!! #VoteNoAHCA
Today I was ashamed to be an American.
I watched ELECTED OFFICIALS
sentence millions of citizens to needless
suffering/death IN ORDER TO WIN
Maybe you can talk some sense into Sen Toomey?
24 Million and counting
@MikeLevinCA   Thank you.
Thank you Senator!
Darrell Issa cast the 216th vote for #Trumpcare, putting it over the top.  Join our grassroots campaign to beat him:
I have donated!!!
You can keep your doctor & your health plan....sound familiar?
Thank you for having my family's back.
45 is out-of-control. He is running this country like it's an episode of the apprentice. I seriously think there are some mental problems.
Thank you, Senator. The Senate appears to be our last hope for sanity, compassion, and moral values.
Thank you. I called Rep Frelinghuysen incessantly and I'm glad there's someone willing to fight for the people of this state.
Thank you Senator Booker! Please fight for us!
What's chance, timeframe for this when it gets to @SenateDems ?? Omg. We have to pester all the @SenateGOP ? This is so unfair @CoryBooker
Please be our president in 2020.
Senator Booker, Thank you for continuing to fight this monstrosity. Your efforts are much appreciated!
Pray that the Senate snags this thrash!
DT
THANK YOU!!!
Unless he gets a better offer.
maybe we can get some Canadian meds now?
Imgine that fighting against something that could work n fighting for something you know doesn't worked! The liberal way!
Fight diligently!
Thank you Senator!
Good. Tell me how I can help, because I have zero faith in either "representative" from Arkansas.
Thank you, Senator.
SHAME on the House GOP 4 voting #AHCA Trump's #Deathcare 

Jam -lines of GOP Senators. Phone #'s
https://twitter.com/animaeme/status/860303065693339648 …

#VoteNoAHCA
 Senate needs 50 votes to pass #AHCA 
 GOP Senators to #VoteNO 

If messages r full TEXT Resist to 50409 & send Fax…
Cory! Senator, you MUST withhold Unanimous Consent on ALL legislative motions until they restore our Constitutional Rights to LIFE!
The Constitution is apparently understood in different ways. The Dams need to re-read it. Come back to Earth please!
@realDonaldTrump OK Bookeryou fight for that shit but you can't fight for New Jersey our taxes are too goddamn hi do something
You'd better because you're vote against being able to buy drugs in Canada tells me you are a patsy of big pharma
Cory please lead the way out of this disaster. #thunderdome
#rosegarden
Why are you fighting for Obamacare? Have you seen the premiums going up? Why not fight to help us instead of fight it because TRUMP! Scum!

I stand behind you Senator and will work to help you fight this travesty
Why not try being constructive rather than destructive?
Booker is do nothing political opportunist/has never led and will never lead. Just look at disaster Newark is today.
Please run for President.
Thank you Senator for actually caring about the people in NJ. #VoteNoACHA #ResistTrumpCare
Is #45 going to declare a national holiday today, "Lose Your Health Care Day"?
Thx Cory Booker
And you will lose like you do everyday!!
Thank you, sir.
And this is why I voted for you.  #fightfightfight #nevergiveup
Says the fuckin clown that voted to keep pharmaceuticals from being imported and affordable. You're not off the hook just because of Trump.
Will there be a CBO score on this current crap bill? Or is that obsolete now?
McConnell says they will wait for CBO before any votes... but he is a garbage person so it is unclear.
Sad day in DC. and across the US as GOP in house butchers ACA w their hideous GOP healthcare bill
Thank you, Senator! We're counting on you. Do not let this cruel and unusual bill become law.
Thank you. Show the @GOP no mercy, Senator.
Yeah because Obamacare is so great and all! SMH!
Thank you.
Thank you!
How about trying to make a healthcare bill that actually works not just fighting to stop it.
Good luck. We're counting on you and folks like our own @clairecmc to get it done.
The ball is now in your court. Thank you for your tireless fight for us!!!
With Trumpcare, can I keep my own Funeral Home?
great word on this dark day. You keep fighting the fight-we have your back.
