Then pass the subsidies, they're illegal.. stop blaming Trump for failing to uphold the Constitution you should know that.
Wow you mean I might be able to buy insurance now? ACA screwed me
You'll be able to buy short term insurance that covers nothing again.
Maybe regular insurance like I bought before aca thatcost me half and covered double
I'd love to see that insurance policy and what exactly it covered.
Covered everything but pre existing Lockheed Martin is a great company but when you force mandates and tax medical equipment stuff goes up
That a 2nd joint replacement surgery is preexisting, that high cholesterol make a heart issue preexisting.....
Had great coverage two times cheaper
It's about time this circus ends. Impeach him now. Act like a #GOP and obstruct and lobby, without regard, for impeachment.
Are you really that shocked Mr. Booker ? Really ? You knew he was a monster all this time but the dems twiddle thumbs .
I don't know that Dems could really do anything. If they start screaming for impeachment, they'll be dismissed as partisan bickering. GOP are the ones who have to do something and they obviously refuse to.
They refuse to do it right now, but trump can’t get his tax reform passed, they have to impeach.
It was bad move to expose his Russian alliance. Would hv been easier to talk to Putin to pass what the Senate wants 
Kick the GOP out, Nov 6 2018! https://www.facebook.com/events/258223401286347 …
Undermining the ACA is undermining the American healthcare system. Impeach this traitor already. #Trumprussia remember
Really??? My sister pays $900 a month for just her. Now how good is ACA?
You’re a liar the most expensive platinum plan in ACA markets is under $600 with pre existing prior to ACA I paid $1800 to blue cross liar
I don’t know what state you’re in. I’m sure my sis would LOVE to pay 300 less.
Some states refused the Medicare Expansion, which increased premiums in those states.
MEDICAID expansion.  Big difference. Try less video games and more educating yourself.  Start here:
Thanks for that article. Very enlightening
Np! It's a shame we have to dig for the truth. It's been that way for a long time. folks 2day take memes and partisan news as the truth. Smh
#Truth

#25thAmmendment 
#25thAmmendment
#25thAmmendment 
#25thAmmendment
#25thAmmendment 
#25thAmmendment
#25thAmmendmentNow
@realDonaldTrump
Didn’t the republicans raise holy hell when Obama used executive orders?
Yes, and if you objected when the other guy was doing it, you should be objecting when your guy does it. The flip side is --
If you didn't object when your guy was doing it, you shouldn't be objecting now. I don't recall Sen Booker's position on prior use of EOs --
Our country needs statesmanship and we don't get that when positions are partisan-based. No Pres should legislate by EOs. #consistencycounts
I agree. It’s up to Congress to enact the will of the people, not the president.
Amen. I just want our leaders to take consistent positions -- and put country above party. Too much hypocrisy in DC on all sides.
Very true.
So call for impeachment 
The GOP knows he is dangerous
Can't impeach somone over a legal Executive Order.
The man is a snake oil salesman, acting like a President, in an adult day care center
Cory, this HAS to stop now. We can only call, send letters, have protests so many times. You guys HAVE to do something. #EnoughIsEnough
So rich after how democrats got us in this mess to begin with.  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA,  Obama care was jammed down our throats
It's mass murder and he knows it and could care less he only wants to undo everything Obama accomplished. That's his one and only goal!!
Override it, Senator Booker. Congress may not abdicate its sole Constitutional authority to legislate to the President.
Yup - impeachable offence, right?
lol liberals get dumber by the day
STOP TRUMP’s TAX SCAM
Since ACA is the law, and he took an oath to “faithfully execute” it, isn’t that another potential Article of Impeachment?
Impeach him. For the love of all that is good. IMPEACH
Lol at all the moonbats losing their minds over a POTUS issuing executive orders. How do you feel about Obama's 276 executive orders?
More like execution order amirite
Sabotage is ObamaFAIL! @POTUS is fixing this bill that was FORCE on us!
By now he knows he isn't going to be impeached, so he figures he can do whatever he wants. Very dangerous.
Sen. Booker,this will bring low prices and personal choice to http://healthcare.You  made stuff like this for charter schools! Support it!
Then you are making the case for Trump to give him the funds to build the wall w/o Congress/Senate's vote..
They r winning & we are doing nothing but whining. Dems must develop a unified plan of ACTION. Not enough just to resist. We r the MAJORITY.
Majority has no real power in an oligarchy. Just ask any Russian.
@GOP keeps outspending Dems in every election (esp. on social media)
Good point. But then, what can be done?  We cannot just shrug and roll over. None of this is normal.
Rigging the game doesn't really help the @GOP in the long run.  They need our institutions just as much as Dems. Begin w/ #gerrymandering
Absolutely agree with that. And fight attempts at voter suppression.
At what point can congress stop this madman?
Self sabotage.  Remember we have the truth on our side. They unfortunately angrily cling to their guns and bibles.
So purchasing across state lines is bad because?
Remind me which state has the fabulous and affordable healthcare? Which one?
Bob, I'd hope u know this is more about buying in numbers as large groups.  Exactly what the left has be asking for, for years.
Ray - tell me which states insurance you're thrilled to now have access to?
So tell me why anyone would be against this.  Beside it was introduce by trump.
It's now #Trumpcare - Trump owns it now
If Congress wanted to fund insurance company subsidies, they could.  But the fact is you DON'T have a majority of senators or Americans.
That's why you're reduced to lying on twitter.  #PatheticDemLiars
He doesn't have the right to change the Law, that's Congresses job
Obamacare given to us by America's false god, needs to go!! 
Thank you, Trump!
Cory, you should start now, and be running for President in 2020
@SenateDems Sorry Cory, the American people r w/President Trump all the way.We don't fall 4 ur left zombie brainwashing tactics
The next move will be hackers obtaining all of his digital footprint and exposing him for what he truly is.
Please take a moment and look at what this guy 45 is doing. The attemptto erase Obama. Take a stand.  #Impeach45
Call it what it is now:  TRUMPCARE. Obamacare/ACA is  officially DEAD, completely gutted, corrupted & perverted by the GOP & Trump.

MAGATS!
TRUMPCARE IS:
- Skyrocketing premiums
- Redistributing $1 trill from poor & middle class to the top 1%
- Slashing benefits
- Killing people
#ImpeachTrumpNow
For Trump? And might I remind you that the president is TAKING AWAY THE PUNITIVE FINE!!! You followed the wrong person, bud.
With the fact that he MADE people buy what HE wanted them to buy and then fined those who couldn't afford it.  It's okay for Obama not not
Um. Obama forced people to buy what they couldn't afford and then fined those who couldn't.  So, don't be pointing the finger until you deal
It's WONDERFUL !!!!
This isn't important. What's important is why democrats and Republicans are NOT doing their jobs and moving to remove him from office. NOW!
Now, inarguably, Trump Care
What happened to three coequal branches?
Don't you or anyone else ever call any healthcare plan Trumpcare. When you have an idiot in place who says who knew healthcare was hard? NO.
No one is going to do anything!
You nailed it! Pure and simple,! Hope he's IMPEACHED  REALLY SOON before he totally Destroys this country!
He just can't stand Pres. Obama being so loved.  He has to erase his legacy.  (He can't...we all remember!)
Y’all need to DO something about this. #GOP has to recognize the stakes. I’m voting the party that dumps Trump, whoever it is. #DumpTrump
Didn't he say he would never use Executive orders. Wasn't it part of his campaign? #presidentmoron #25thAmendment #Impeachtrump
Instead of talking about it, do something about it. If I had the power, 45 would have been gone long ago.
Yet you had no problem when Obama shoved the non-viable, expensive & illegal OBAMACARE down our throats... 
At least that bill was voted on and not put into law by signing an executive order, Which by the way is the only thing Trump has done
Don't worry Senator. I'm sure your pharma and health insurance donors will stick with you either way.
Harsh but fair.
Hmm. An American Predisent sabotaging his own citizens, h/c, lifes in PR & California, Niger, CHIP, threatens WWIII, alienates Allies, won't enforce sanctions on russia? When do we call Treason? Or the very least Deriliction? #25thAmendmentNow?
Total agree
I believe it's called dictatorship.
Isn't it also technically a violation of his oath of office?
Do something!!!!!!
DO SOMETHING! Is protecting your position worth the destruction of us all? Stand Up! Impeach Trump. We need action, not commentary. Please
And Insanity.  #25thAmmendmentNow
You propped up aCA illegally with taxpayer money from the treasury. http://www.scotusblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/HofR-challenge-to-ACA-DCt-5-12-16.pdf …
Trump is unfit to hold the most sacred office in world or It was before Trump got into it
Thank you for "coming out".  I believe the reason the rest of the GOP hasn't come out is because they agree with trump w/ some exceptions.
Impeach him already, Trump is not stable
@realDonaldTrump knows elections have http://consequences.You  &RINO's had to know this would happen when Senate HC efforts failed.
WHOA! 
Apply the 25th Ammendment!
The reason for the stoppage was a May 2016 federal court ruling that the payments were unconstitutional.
Well at least he gets to own it. When his supporters finally understand what Obamacare was and meant to their family perhaps Trump is ousted
Call for impeachment!

Will Insurance industry support ACA regs or go with cheaper plans?  Will doctors & hospitals accept plans that don't have ACA credentials?
And we deserve our forces to counter him since Congress is worthless. We can save the face of ACA's progress ...
& what is being DONE about that?
Please...Get off your ass & do something. Need out of the box thinking. Normal remedies are NOT WORKING. And before it's too late.
Well, Senator, take action. Enough talking and Tweeting. Take action!
@realDonaldTrump Before u use your dictator skills to kill the ACA, you should research the success stories.
@POTUS doing his best to hurt real US citizens. His bigotry and small mindedness is beyond reprehensible.
Um...#Obamacare was sabatoge to begin with. I’m not crazy at all about him using exec orders but desperate times call for desperate measures
Trump doesn't care, we should stop calling it Trumpcare!
@rainebow5360 This turkey is a jiveass bullshit dude, but he, at least, calls it "trumpcare"
You folks should be looking at the problems with Obamacare and trying to correct it. Instead it it criticizing as usual. Losers come to mind
Listen all of y'all it's a Sabotage
On Health, Safety & 1st Amd 
#ACAsabotage
#IranDeal 
#PenceStunt #NBCLicense
#VoteBlueNov7
He's deliberately hurting Americans. He must be removed.
No ones going to care until his rural, poor, and coal mining friends start dying.  It's not going to take long without money or healthcare
Stop him. Now.
So DO SOMETHING ASAP!!!

So do something about it. Get some balls and impeach the Cheeto!
Ya think???
Not only is it sabotage, it is a death sentence for many.Do not make this a political game.Use your voice and position to demand impeachment

Thank you Senator Corker for having the courage to put country ahead of party & speak out. I wish there were more republicans like you.
Do something, Cory
Impeachment or all of congress will have to answer for his decisions
Yeah my family is gonna have a tough time. We just got a tax hike for having pre-existing conditions.
I’m glad you got it right. It’s no longer O Bahma care; it’s Trump care. By changing it he now owns it

Impeach
.only you senators are in the way of the majority of the American people and the President of the United States! Stop obstructing!
oh stop it, you took that big check n sided with Big Pharm not too long ago 
it is fantastic and is actually following federal law..something Obama never did!
obamacare is imploding. Why should we throw money at it simply because you don't like to have been found to be wrong?
This is complete bullshit are forefathers said of this government isn't working we have the power to change it 2 the time is now f#%k Trump
His treachery to get his way and hurting millions of United States citizens is TREASON.  IMPEACH! What are you waiting for?? @SenateDems
25th Amendment NOW!! 
This man doesn't know he's the president of the US Virgin Islands!!
Do something @SenBooker, actions needed, words have failed
The @GOP did this. They know TRUMP is murderous, psychotic, and unfit, but they want to drive our debt up by Trillions giving  mobsters ( why call them 'Donors'?) #TaxReform
ever seen the animation movie #thelionking? Remember what Scar did to the Pride. It's the same. The USA has a difficult future
Stop him!!!!!!!
Impeach the insanity.
Is that legal?
If your IQ was even equal to room temperature you would know that Trump is repealing UNCONSTITUTIONAL Obama executive order.
Wow, the hypocrisy and demagoguery of p.o.s. excuse for a senator booker knows no bounds.

In some cases it's murder.
Would those of you in the Senate please get rid of this arsonist?
President Obama embraced the Obamacare nickname b/c as he said, "Obama cares!". Trump took the "care" out of the ACA so it's now Trumpcare.
AND WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT IT!!!!!!!!
The end of democracy. Can't get change via the usual democratic process? Just be a king and make it happen regardless.
But what is the Congress going to do? Majority of Americans don't want ACÁ taken away unless a better plan is put forth
Actually, it's the rule of law. The aca was illegally passed and a federal judge ruled as such. One of the few things trump had gotten right
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
Cory: It IS sabotage! For sure. #SEE #imain48
What can Congress do about it?
What is sabotage is the garbage the Democrats shoved down the throat of the American people.
Under what ground arw you going to impeach? Comical and pathetic. Stop being brainwashed by the democratic party
When is the GOP going to grow a pair and impeach the senior toddler
So DO something about it. Why is Congress ALLOWING a madman to become a dictator and take over the country?
There are many serious problems with the ACA though, maybe the silver lining to all of this is Congress finally gets together and fix it!
@SenBooker, I really believe u and @RandPaul know how to make it a million times better, why can’t you guys collaborate and Improve it!
Do something stat! U& @RepJoshG @SenatorMenendez need to step up &IMPEACH!!!
Who protects the people from his temper tantrums?
#impeach45
WORSE THAN SABOTAGE! WILL AFFECT HOSPITALS, DOCTORS, ETC. THE DOMINO EFFECT!!!
DO SOMETHING PLEASE..Begging u Cory, do something PLEASE
When governments fail to provide affordable healthcare and education that country is doomed to failure
Aww tissue?    Obamacare failed on its own.  Call @BarackObama and voice your concerns.    1-800-liar Our @POTUS will make things right!
It's dickery.  Millions of people in red states will now lose their healthcare because they won't be able to afford premiums. Trumpcare now.
And the piddlie $25 added to seniors SSI per month is laughable as premiums will be too high to go see a doctor #America genucide
People will die when they cannot afford insurance. It's murder.
So what is the real truth of why #trump is in office?
o go suck it
His entire existence is a sabotage
So what can be done about it?  Cause I'm feeling like a prisoner in my own country!
WTF, are we a Democracy or a dictatorship?
If I were a petulent 6-year-old with unbridled hatred for & prejudice toward my predecessor, & s#¡++y ideas, that's how I would do things.
He just murdered my husband. I am in complete despair.
What was it called when all the dems rammed through Obama care? Not 1 vote from the other side!
Next dem leader should also conduct healthcare via executive order.
& I will ask again. What is congress doing about firing trump? He's still in office. What will it take? Killing us all? No wait,
Let's wait and see if, 1) he pivots 2) becomes presidential 3) bullies more women, senators, media 4)grabs more pussies. Nope, wait til he
Bomb NK? Nope, how about if he drops dead in office. Is that when you will oust him?
How about Congress get their shit together & come up with workable plan instead of not doing ANYTHING but trying to make President look bad!
BUT he's not getting rid of the individual mandate, which means that more Americans will be penalized for being unable to afford insurance.
One of my meds comes with mandatory office visits & tests, which I can't afford out of pocket (I can barely afford the meds themselves).
It's the democrats fault, you should've pushed for single payer when you had the chance,  instead of passing ACA aka Romneycare! #RIPDNC
Why is this possible? Why do we have Congress & judiciary if president can simply negate the law?
Only way he has anything on the book-by EO-don't believe there has been anything he and his GOP congress have done together-Trumpcare
IMPEACH HIM SENATOR
His way or nothing-I don't feel safer or better off.
Sorry Cory- Congress has to appropriate my tax dollars, it is illegal for the President too
You mean after you lied to the American people about them being kicked off O-Care. Keep crying Corey
Arguably true Senator. But bear in mind that the bad results will surely be blamed on the GOP. I believe GOP will lose support due to this.
Senators, congressmen, it's up 2 U now. Americans will remember well what U did or refused 2 do.
I WANT YOU TO GET MAD!!!WE'RE MAD AS HELL AND WE'RE NOT GOING TO TAKE IT!!!!
It most definitely is sabotage . And it's very childish
obama used EO to create the worst nightmare this country has ever seen before.
Impeach Trump! #impeachtrumpnow
people claiming AHCA will help them get insurance does not understand it. ACA NEEDS FIXING! NOT REPLACING! AHCA cannot happen!
So with all of the laws and the emollients clause why hasn't impeachment proceedings been started?
Cause Obama never skipped over congress
How is this not an impeachable offense?  People are dying and will die.
More to point, Senator, it is INHUMANE.
Health Insurance Industry #corporatecoup 
Trump is an imbecilic puppet.
Then stop being gutless and do something about it
Obama was the one trying to sabotage the country. Obamacare is a joke that needs to end so we can get affordable healthcare
And we are helpless
Thanks. Now I have Beastie Boys stuck in my head
#25thAmendmentNow
You had your chance.  YOU FAILED!!
YOU'RE FIRED!!!!!!
Trump isn’t a smart person.
So do something.
Call for impeachment
Sounds eerily similar to how Obamacare started.
Failing to convince the courts their actions were unconstitutional, or affordable Dem's blame Trump for their actions.
So sad so dangerous
listen all y'all its a sabotage...    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLrTqbW0zIY …   trump is destroying the attack on america during the last 8 years. correct.
