do u think Dr. king would have voted against measures to import cheaper medication...like u did. #vote
He voted yes on the Wyden Amendment to lower drug costs.
he had a real chance the other day to make a difference but he's controlled by big Pharm
again, he voted for Wyden amendment.
Don't defend Booker the master of sellout dems. Please do something better
Don't smear Democrats when you don't even know the basic facts.
the "basic" fact is he voted against a measure that even 13 republicans backed. Wtf?He receives tons of money from big pharma
He's given his reason. Do you know it? Do you know how much he's gotten from pharma industry?
For such a nice guy, you're awfully deep in the pockets of special interests...  Odd dichotomy.
You know who else took a lot of money from big pharma? Bernie Sanders
Show me proof from a valid source or else your words mean nothing.

BS.  This has been doctored.  I just went to http://opensecrets.org  & found no such information.Also the D next to Sanders' - dead giveaway
HRC supporters can't seem to get over that they voted for the wrong candidate
I didn't vote for Trump.  I voted for Stein, but I do like him & he won without cheating. He is the president & he deserves a chance.
I Can't agree w/ that. I think DT's a bigot w/ the emotional IQ of a toddler.
Shame on you @CoryBooker MLK would NOT approve of you.  He fought and preached AGAINST politicians like you.  You should never say his name.
Deplorable racist using alt left talking points. @johnny743726
 you're a joke. You follow none of MLK's essential philosophies; you're nothing but a blow up doll for PHARMA  you puppet
& he really thinks he's Gona be the next Obama  2020 he'll be looked at as a democratic joke
My fav part was when gave the middle finger to his country in support of BIG PHARMA. Wait, that was you.
MLK DID NOT LIKE CORPORATE DEMS LIKE YOU
One more because boy howdy! @YERBOYBLEAU01
Nice try putting these kids up as a pathetic attempt to shield, deflect and distract from your bigpharma vote.
Useless Bernout misses point, attacks only people who can help.  @BrianDonovan3
you received over $700,000 from pharmaceutical companies, which would explain your vote against importing Canadian drugs
Fauxgressive shit talking 12 yr old  @DillonEvans420
talk about anything but how you voted for big Pharma profits over human beings. POTUS run in 2020? As if.. Go away
Spends enter timeline attacking Dems. All of them. @CurtisMichael44
don't you dare align yourself with Dr. King.
CAN WE REPLACE THE INSURANCE HEALTH CARE FOR GOD CARE?, BECAUSE ONLY GOD CARE IS THE ANSWER FOR US!....
Thanks for sharing!
I wish MLK talked about getting cheaper Canadian Pharmaceutical drugs then you'd vote for that & not lobbiest money
,  Great pictures.  Please do not vote to confirm Betsy DeVos. She will not improve Public Education but destroy it!
Oh, hey! It came true!
Pharmaceutical puppet! People are watching and paying attention more than ever.
You disrespect MLK's message by ignoring more than half of it; MLK was for economic justice & against militarism.
you don't even know what that means
I have a dream that big pharm will pay me to influence my stance
Beautiful presentation.
Thanks for sharing @CoryBooker!
why do the Democrats hate Charter schools?
yeah,let's vote for Hillary again who did not have time to save 4 Americans in Benghazi.
"What difference does in make"
i had a dream once a dream that the dem party wasnt full of corporate shills ...shilling for big pharma
would have thought of you for president but can't stand the grandstanding
So inspiring!
SENATOR SIR
"40 Democratic" Leaders HAVE FORGOTTEN DrMLK & GOD!
#ROMANS_1:15-28
THEY DoNOT #RISE
WHEN Repubs GO LOW #DemsGoLower
HELP SAVE FACE!!!!
BLM CHILDREN WILL WATCH THEIR ABSENCE!!!
PresOBAMAsLEGACY ENDs IN SUCH SHAME?
#UNITEDWeStand TeachThemToPray
ITS VIOLENTLY NEGATIVE, IT IS NOT TEACHING OUR BLM CHILDREN PATIENCE~ WAIT ON GOD~NOR GOOD SPORTSPERSONSHIP!
#CultOfSoreLosers!!
CONVINCE THEM TO BE THE RESPONSIBLE CONGRESSPERSONS, #GRANDMAMAS VOTES PUT IN OFFICE!
WhenElseCanWeSeeThemProudly! SITTING HIGH!
U HAVE NOT GONE ASTRAY, THANK U SIR!
WE LOVE U~BE OUR LEADER BE OUR CONTENDER!!
U FIGHT FAIR~NO PettyGIMMICKS! U SHOW UP & #WIN
REP JOHN LEWIS NEVER GOES TO WHITE PRESIDENTS INAUGURATIONS
I have a dream that politicians like @CoryBooker, who only works for big pharma, would stop associating themselves with MLK.
ask yourself: would MLK have voted against cheaper prescription drugs?
Ruined career by voting against lower drug costs, the first of many estab Dems. You're done goodbye.
good job gutting the Public Schools
wow, a watershed moment for you
http://www.politico.com/states/new-jersey/story/2016/01/newark-watershed-corruption-staggering-even-to-jaded-observers-029688 …
Treasonous creep! For you you fake dem!
Apparently MLK liked high pharma prices. You do. You're fried. No president for YOU
The backlash gotta hurt
you can pretend to be a progressive all you want. nobody is buying it.
Cory Booker is a fraud! He's a selfish traitor! Don't trust this man! He's controlled by reptilians.
You're done. Step down.
vote on pharmaceuticals so unlike Dr. King.  Tough being a shill, eh?  https://www.facebook.com/bernlennials/videos/1926306654256206/ …
are you seriously gonna use MLK as a distraction to not BEING what u say u r? At least your votes should show your values- wow!
Americans have another dream, that prescription drugs were affordable and our politicians weren't complete corporate SELL OUTS!
I have a dream that these kids and their families can one day have access to affordable medication. Right Cory?
pretty hard to listen to anything you say with you being against lowering prescription drug prices - and all for your own gain
Dr. King would have been deeply disappointed by your vote against lowered drug prices, Cory.
@SenBookerOffice Worst part of MLK Day ising u r attending #tRumps Coronation! Unprecedented Xs call 4 unpresidented measures!
beautiful. Can't wait to show my students tomorrow. Thanks for making my holiday joyous 
I have a dream you will stop your racial grandstanding
Shame on you. Sell out.
Booker u ruined yourself. I think you need to resign. Immediately. Give back the $400/k you took from Big Pharma NOW
@SenBookerOffice @GOCSchools are you boycotting inauguration
How can you oppose Sessions and not stand w/J.Lewis? What are you afraid of? Isn't Donald Breitbart Trump worse than Sessions?
Why are you a member of the Party that fought against MLK? The Party that implemented Jim Crow.
"I have a dream that one day little black boys and girls with little white boys and girls will be able to join hands
Unfollowing you, your actions  are not consistent with your rhetoric.
Not only U. Cory had an appt w/UnitBlue but was canceled after he wouldnt vote 4 Bernies drug amndmnt
Good.
so you can abuse it for bragging rights to return to the senate and vote against public interest? #Sellout #Corrupt
Very disappointed at your decision to attend the inauguration of the illegitimate President,weak stance ,
MLK also said 'Of all the forms of inequality, injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane.' Sad you don't agree.
Hey @CoryBooker Watch this!  It's MLK on Economic inequality..Maybe voting with Pharma was a bad idea?
shame for attending  inaugural. Forget 2020.
conveying legitimacy to that schmuck is a big mistake.
Get rollin, you are one of our leaders
.@CoryBooker @GOCSchools You sellout hypocrite liar, MLK would be sickened by you screwing the poor for your BigPharma owners
His activism was beyond the border.
how about you tell these children on why you denied them cheaper medication?
Your hit job on Jeff Sessions makes it clear you don't have what it takes to aspire to the presidency.
i have a dream that all senators can act in favour of the people who elected them rather than those who fund them
Yet you follow the master of greed, and hate! Go figure!
cory, nice redirect, say and quote kind words. how about your vote supporting the pharmaceutical companies. won't work.
@thehill is reporting u will attend inauguration. This and big pharma= ur future political aspirations are done. We won't forget
Please don't abandon the public schools.
great speech! As good as Lincoln's.
30 democrats now -
I wish these quotes were discussed more...http://www.salon.com/2015/04/30/fox_news_mangles_martin_luther_king_jr_9_quotes_you_wont_hear_in_the_mainstream_media/ …
I had dreamed you were for us not for pharmaceutical giants......but they pay better.  Really let us down Cory
senator, please joking your courageous college mr. Lewis and boycott the inaugural ceremony
u sold us out Booker. #bigpharma u #dino
Thank you @CoryBooker,  I believe in you and your judgment.  You make Democrats proud!!
How could U take money from big pharm I looked up 2 U
U can fix this Give the money back vote 4 the people Be our leader in 2020
Dr. King would have voted for a bill to lower prescription drug- NOT for Big Pharm & against his people, like you did
-NJ Voter
I want to support you.  But need confidence.  Will you stop taking $$ from unions, private sector wrkrs, & PAC's?
You know Cory, somehow I don't think you and the shit your trying to pull, would set to well with MLK . You punk.

@GreatOaksLegacy @NewarkLegacy ! Thanks for sharing!
did u vote against pharma regulation lower prices??  Very disappointing if you did
here's your speech praising Jeff Sessions
why didn't u vote yes for us to get our rx from Canada? Oh yeah bc u r with big pharma. Disappointed in u. May not vote 4u again
would hope you decide not to attend the "Illegitimate Inauguration". #IStandWithJohnLewis
who do you serve Booker? The people or big pharma?
Future of a Diverse AMERICA #MLKDAY
if you go to the inauguration you lost my vote and support
i am sure students in New Jersey's great PUBLIC schools are able to recite that amazing speech as well.
Why did you vote against lower drug cost? Disappointed with you.
sad big pharma bought your vote.
where is the part where he says about voting for bigPharma & against poor people
Attending @NationalAction MLK Breakfast reminds me 2 keep the faith & that we must do more 2 teach & reach the youth
Ya know, MLK was anti-capitalist. So it's a bit ironic to see you praise him; as you accept money from big pharma.
Audacity. Your votes matter.
I'm not sure MLK Jr. would have taken so much money from big pharma...  :/

@GOCSchools
will you stand with @repjohnlewis and skip the #InaugurationOfHate? Great day to announce that! #MLKDay #HonorHisLegacy
nope, he said he's going. Can't miss a golden opportunity to meet his Wall St backers.
Did they pay you for that plug, too?
Of course. The vid only shares White-America-Approved parts of the I Have a Dream speech. #ChainsOfDiscrimination ;)
