And all the best to you.
Buddy...you're making a fool of yourself. Start working to improve your voters lives instead of a dem ticket 4 potus
We see you Cory.
HahHa it's gonna backfire on ur fellow liberals; let the truth come out, Mr@Booker! You're not gonna like the truth!
What will u do with ur President if he is found to have been elected through the interference of Russia?
We now have a special counsel! Former FBI director Robert Mueller! I hope he's up to the job
WE THE PEOPLE demand special council for Clinton emails/Foundation, State Dept/DOJ, surveillance -under Obama & much more!
Bernie has over million more followers than u, Maybe U should have invited him to the ideas convention. U leave Bernie out you divide party!
What do you think about Mueller's appointment?
why do you like regulations so much? It hinders the American people and the progress that we are going to make
I don't understand why you don't trust your fellow congress folks to investigate.  Tell us which ones are incompetent to do their job?
The American people vated based on true information that came from a leak in the DNC. Not Russia and not fake news. Actual facts. The end
Praying dems are exposed and removed , liars and hypocrites
Demand Cory do his job! Stop your BS hold Trump accountable. Cory stop taking money from big pharma! 300K. Election time! U Sneaky sell out!
Ok mouth piece do something stop talking and do your job. Do you need say 300k like you got from big pharma? Trump out It's not hard to do!
FBI has been investigating since July. Comey won't change that.  You partisan nitwit.
What do you DO for a living anyway??
Not a clue. Obstructionist 101 tactics. OMG, he actually said "RUSSIAN". I can't believe it!! In the middle of a fake Russian scandal !!!
Thank you for being a voice for me that I don't have in my own red state. I am so grateful to have you in the Senate.
children, farmers, poverty...infrastructure... ...U.S. female, white, born in Aleutian island in 54 Navy hospital = we've been sold out
Nut Job
When is it going to be enough! Get this crazy loon out of the White House!
Trump's senior staff is afraid to leave him alone with foreign leaders for fear of what he might say http://nyti.ms/2qoXTuE 
Keep the pressure on, Cory! Distinguish yourself before the street fight coming!
Thank you for helping us to know what we can do to participate in the process of getting to the truth, and I believe Impeachment is next
Please run for Pres in the 2020 election.  We need younger Dems in all branches of Government.  Let's take back the White House & Congress!
Because of you I called every Republican Senator, and told them we must have an Independent Counsel, if this continues Impeachment started
Please obstruct and stop all Senate business until an independent prosecutor is appointed. It is time to resist
THIS GUY IS A REAL KNOTHEAD & A PARTISAN ONE AT THAT!!! STUPID & A DOPE!!!!!!!
We'd like for congress to start doing something about the president's illegal behavior. America is better than Donald Trump.
and earns my support. [2/2]
As a viewer and a future friend, it looks like you are a bit frantic in the video. The message is clear me with me and [1/2]
A special prosecutor is too narrow, we need bipartisan commission to investigate Trump and his campaign so we get more immediate trnsprncy.
Agree so #withholdconsent until a special prosecutor is named!
Delete
Please DO something. @IndivisibleTeam suggests you withhold consent; stop Senate business until a special prosecutor appointed.
i pray that president pence can save america from the horrific disastrous failures of trump. God help us all.
teliing russia classified secrets, can we impeach him now? doesnt that make him a traitor? isnt that treason?
you look nice in this video, don't let those people clown you, you don't need makeup,  you have natural beauty,  like me
.. AND no FBI director confirmation until investigation concluded #trumprussia
Hurry Cory maybe you can claim you rescued someone in the Teterboro plane craah today!
Publicly denounce any acceptance of corporate money to your campaign. You have enough exposure to change the entire democratic landscape
So, like, can you and @BernieSanders @SenSanders run for the Oval Office in 2020 so that our hell can finally come to an end?
Where were you when Hillary was found to have sold our uranium deposits to the Russians and found to have illegally used a private server.?
The Russians Are Coming! The Russians Are Coming!  Maybe YOU can play the Jonathan Winters role!  Because as he often was...YOU ARE A CLOWN!
Now u know the russia theory was started by hrc and her flunkies the day after election support the president and do ur job
According to Maplight, Cory Booker received the 3rd highest donations from pharma interests: $267,338 #draintheswamp
What you're saying is that you don't trust the FBI.dont worry. Clinton,Rice,Lynch will be investigated.  
#draintheswamp #realDonaldTrump
OMG - this again? Really? You know every real person thinks this is stupid & incredibly boring. Just move on. Do something real.
Why don't you trust your colleagues in Congress & the Senate? I thought they were already looking into this? Let this go! It's not playing!
Please run for President immediately. Also, I'm a wartime consigliere. You don't need me, by any means, but I'm around.
Corey Booker, are you ready for a street fight in 2020?
Your correct.   We all know he asked for Putins help
or just start impeachment based on mental incompetence. GET DJT out of there ASAP!
Maybe the Russians could have taken ads or conducted street polls as our media does in other countries elections. Where was it and with whom
I voted and did not see any Russian influence at my polls. There were a lot of Mexican influence going on by Hillary and Obama.
The United States can influence elections in France and other countries through media and other sources. Here comes Russia phobia.
INTEGRITY is the only inoculation against interference or leaks, Russian or otherwise. Clinton, Podesta, DNC didn't have it #wishawayreality
Here's a documentary about Trump's ties to Russian mafia that's worth a watch.
@SenBookerOffice Laughable I tried run as online independent b4  talk w/Trump+ accused him of treason. Threatened+hacked
Please make this happen!!!!!
Just saw you on Amtrak going home. Keep up the great work. And please keep the pressure on.
#DNCFraudLawsuit
Independent Investigators needed to find out if your really insane or just pretending so you can help your party members lose!
God bless you for your leadership.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=45&v=0sYjwZa1ACM … #corybooker #dnc
independent council to investigate cory booker https://politistick.com/10-quick-facts-con-man-cory-booker/ …
Cory Booker, Trump, Pence Ryan, McConnell, Sessions are destroying Democracy. They made their choice & chose money from donors. Corruption.
Cory Booker, I can't abide Paul Ryan, he is mean-spirited & cruel to the American people. For whatever reason Ryan's hateful to the people.
Cory Booker, then the new version has to go back to Congress where they look at the bottom line, then to Trump. Paul Ryan can't mess it up?
Cory Booker, when they are both done they go to conference & hash it out. Congress has voted already, does the Senate cast their votes ?
Cory Booker, are you working on the Healthcare Bill? I am not sure I understand it all, let's see. The GOP is fixing theirs,Dems are too....
Senator Cory Booker, this Bill you voted against a few months ago. I'm sure we're on the right path. Affordable Safe Drug Importation Act!!
No @CoryBooker, what's important is #Medicare4All #SinglePayerNow #FightFor15 #NetNeutrality #MoneyOutOfPolitics
#Liberal #Nutcase
SO THE FBI CANT GET COMEYS RECORDS ON TRUMP/RUSSIA?THEY NEED A SPECIAL COUSEL,WHY?SO YOU CAN PUSH YOUR FARCE ON THE AMERICAN PPL?
but the Muslim in the White House and now the indoctrination in our schools was and IS not on your menu? Putin better than MuzzieSkank O
You nuts listen to the same media, the same politicians saying @realDonaldTrump had no chance of winning. Russia didn't sway a vote. Fools.
Was the Firing of #jamescomey Obstruction of Justice? https://www.lawfareblog.com/was-firing-james-comey-obstruction-justice …
#TRUMP 's business network reached alleged #Russian mobsters
they are going to ruin your career
Sit on your hands when you talk you might make more sense
Tour hands wiggle and your mouth  flaps but no sense comes out. Must be related to Maxine Waters
Why did Dems applaud Obama at Romney debate when Romney said the Russians are the biggest threat to USA?Obama and dem joked and laughed then
TRUMP2010
#StayFaithful
I agree, there should be a special counsel...however possibly to look closer at HRC, as well as DNC related voter fraud...
Liberal Crackpot.
It's very important for an independent investigation to investigate your criminal activities. Your a crook and a bigot.
what a clown, go back to harlem
What about one for HRC?? Goes both ways
so it will go on for years so you all can hold on to your crazy conspiracy. Please dude...
You and the Sen leadership must grind Senate business to a halt to force Republicans to appoint independent investigation. Please.
Wow, what an intelligent person and role model you aren't
Did you say anything when Hillary Clinton signed off on giving the Russians 20% of our uranium? If the Russians are coming ask Ms. Clinton.
Do you realize what an idiot you are?
LOL. Booker you r up n coming swamp creature that would take up criminal activity post Clintons. SP ONLY serves to keep focus of U criminals
you are the biggest crackpot in the gov today, but embezzling money & treason are not crime you can plead insanity to
that cushy little no show job gotcha': Newark watershed fight emerges over disclosures from Booker's former law firm
"Russia!" is just the Democrats excuse for Hillary's embarrassing LOSS. She & the Democrats were rejected by America.

Look! I found proof of collusion with Russia in an election year on tape!
"The 1980's called & they want their foreign policy back." - Barak Hussein Obama on Russia. Democrats are so fake.
LOLOLOL The investigation is still ongoing & was not affected one bit. Make up your mind.A few months ago U hated Comey & wanted him gone.
not according to the Thought Police
Bla bla bla I'm a great talker. Please listen to me I want your money I live to feed you. Lol
Why did DNC allow Awon Bros to have access to foreign intel without sec clearance?
Get on board the trump train and start talking about facts we know that are true
The Russians are coming! The Russians are coming!
What about Skyharbor tarmac meeting with WJC and Lynch?
Fine. Investigate away. Are you actually doing anything worthwhile to earn your salary besides talking  about that?
What crime has been committed? Feinstein said 0 evidence.  stop propaganda.why did DNC deny FBI 2 investigate dnc servers after broken into?
There's nothing there and nobody cares you bonehead. #MAGA Trump 2020
You're an embarrassment to NJ. There is no Trump Russian connection, so cut the 
There IS a .@HillaryClinton Russian connection
OH THE RUSSIANS ARE COMING LMAO
What crime has been committed?  When you find it, then call for prosecutor & one for HRC as well. Russians are coming & the sky is falling!
Hey Cory forget about the Russians are coming The Lord Jesus Christ is coming REPENT SEEK God while He can be found YOU HAVE LOST IT
The Russians are coming the Russians are coming you are a smuck I believe I already added you to the plantation driver list shameful
You are a joke
How about we investigate how poorly Newark did under your terrible leadership.
Not ONE shred of any evidence that anyone did anything regarding Russia.  BUT we know what Hillary did...she got caught! You lose...Hahaha!
it's a shame you can't read or remember that THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF POTUS COLLULLION and we have your Saul Alinsky approach of lying
No. It's more important for you to stop lying. At least try to have an once of honor & integrity. Oh yeah. You can't. Your a democrat
Why is your president always calling people names and get away with it? That's immature and unprofessional.
Sadly, you know you are misleading your constituents by continuing this foolishness-creating a toxic atmosphere, tearing our country apart.
You are certifiably unqualified for office. Nothing more than a political hack pushing the "russia lie". Hillary lost & s/have been jailed!
Wow, I think this guy actually believes his own False Narrative. Have all these socialists/dems completely  lost touch with reality?
Hey whack job, you are aware that @SenFeinstein already stated there is no evidence. I can't wait until u lose this case just like election
I agree. I fear however an out come that makes Paul Ryan president. He is after all the architect of the AHCA.
Hey @CoryBooker how about doing something productive for the people of our state instead of trafficking in lies. Support #POTUSTrump!!!
More delay tactics. Stop the nonsense and do your job. Such BS
Everyone on this thread is an idiot. Everyone including the guy at the top, he is the biggest.
Hypocrite! Wisdom of Solomon
Pride leads to all other sins.
I have never seen such melt downs in my life time.
Core B. Is your natural born library that follows the pack
