It’s Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?
Darien&New Canaan,affluent+v.Wall St voted against Trump,tax cuts+lower reg for greater good-GOP is now a rare breed of greed
Lost:

Presidency
House
Senate

SEVENTEEN governors

#Democrats = simply a rare breed

#EndangeredSpecies

#MAGA
we haven't lost purpose,integrity,moral compass-how is this helping you outside of slogans?Trump is not your pal.
The Democrats are not my pal ... EVER

I lives with those rats most of my life in #SF

I loath them all
so you're against people,that's not being for something or giving respect you'd expect.
Speaking of respect, u shouldn't put words in my mouth

It's an extremely divided country - not possible to agree w/everyone
gloating, slogans,+dismissing people as vermin(which can sometimes be trained to spot landmines!)helped divide this country
More psychobabble 

U STILL have nothing to say

My hatred of the 'smile in your face, stick it in your ass' Dems IS NOT gloating
while  the secret service ask for 60 million to protect trump while he does not serve the American people
He's serving me just fine
happy for you. You can have him. He is not my president and that is per him. I see him as a liar and thief
How did you see the last 18 years of leadership in the country?

#Obamacare is biggest lie EVER yoked on country
there can be changes but cutting funding to EPA,PP and science while filling cabinet with Wall Street is not helpfl
stop this madness Mr. Booker!!!
How many people would have been hurt by Trumpycare? 24 million heave collective sigh of relief
solution
and no real choice in alot of places some take the penalty... what do you say about that... instead of politics why not walk
I don't know why I'm shocked. You'd think I'd be immune to his hate by now.
yikes
they had 7 years. They got played. Stay strong Sen Booker!! More of their agenda coming. Ugh.
Look B.S.....ahain
Hey Trump, no one lost healthcare today - that starts after you sign legislation. You know that! Disingenuous Donald!
...and every wealthy Democrat will, of course, NOT take advantage of these "cuts", as a matter of principle. Same old class war.
.
@realDonaldTrump is taking tax cuts because of the laws you and your fellow senators signed into law. It's your own fault.
Need a copy of the Constitution?
OBAMACARE only passed as a tax mr booker... and futhermore it does tax people if they dont enroll... and with higher premiums
It's like it doesn't matter who's in office. It's always gonna be shit, because our people act like shit.
Ask Congress to use the same I health care  plan as the Republicans propose.
@realDonaldTrump It's Saturday Mr. President & how many of your health care bills have passed?
Trumps Healthcare bill didn't pass yesterday or today!  This feels like bipartisanship at its greatest!!
@realDonaldTrump How many lost good, low cost healthcare through Obamacare?? How many died because of the regulations??
Thank God we still have politicians like Cory Booker who are committed to 'do the right thing'.
Does he really care about anyone but his self?!!! He's a liar and a strange old sole!!!
if we lose health care it's th republicans fault! Your boneheads. Thinking of yourselves and
Obama care stole money from Fannie Mae if private company would be securities fraud. Why does big government get a free pass?
across the aisle mr booker and go help give input.. wise person once said only complain if you have or want to be a part of the
You've won me back over. Just B careful about who you accept donations from. Your good deeds will take you farther than their $.
At least give him credit for correctly identifying the day of the week. Baby hands, er, steps, here ...
tweet is from 2014
And the Sen. was only getting around to replying yesterday? No wonder my party is in such trouble!
@_Hetrick Working middle class got hit hardest & were the biggest losers from "free" Obamacare.$50 copay is now 5000 deductible!
Copays & deductibles R 2 different things & if u think ur friends in insurance game R done #NoHope4U
I understand copays and deductibles r different. PreObamacare it was an era of copays. Now: HIGH deductibles
Just remember, "free" has a cost. In the case of Obamacare it's a massive cost.
I would lose my mind if I had to work with this man. In what reality is Trump operating? #KilledTheBill
They won't lose care still can buy it.
please explain how if you have a $9000 dollar deductable that you are "insured"?
don't be discouraged Cory booker I believe in you...what you're doing for us is making sure we don't loose our healthcare ins.
.@realDonaldTrump Millions haven't  lost coverage cuz ur Trumpcare (Putincare) hasn't passed yet. Duh. @CoryBooker don't engage the loon
fake news. Obama care stole $900m from Fannie Mae
@chillin2150 oh come on, nobody likes Ryan bill, but retweeting this poor slob?  Cory Booker?  Seriously?
@SenBookerOffice Is it true you can't fillibuster because it's a #budgetcut not a #healthcare bill?
.@CoryBooker Please do all you can to fight Trump Care. Don't let him bully all of Congress.
you are right less poeple will not be on Obama care. Because they will have a choice not forced to have insurance
@realDonaldTrump This new health care bill is a disaster for the American People and We The People and the USA. #No
@realdonaldtrump is bitter that the one who lost today was him. So be nice Cory! (sarcasm )
how many of you guys actually recognize that Trump tweet isn't from Thursday 3/23/17 but from 2014 
prioritize your $$, healthcare is more than going out to dinner and buying clothes.
thank you. let's keep #Obamacare , and keep 24 million insured
Cory!! Help! they are RUSHING this and r listening to the wrong ppl in healthcare!!
@realDonaldTrump so far nobody as it hasn't passed
@SenBookerOffice 45 is so ignorant. We won't lose until 45 can convince GOP to be as heartless as he is
way to go Cory!
Maybe they should call John Boehner for some tips....
@realDonaldTrump  No one did!!!!!  ACA still rules. Fix don't repeal or replace.
- yes, it is. 24M will lose coverage but Mr @POTUS, how much more money are you and your cronies going to get?
Trump is ID 10t. The rich get richer the poor get poorer. Does our prez care about his constituants? I think not
you're still spreading bullshit!
did you dig through 3 years of tweets for this? SAD!
it is not over has the bill passed@potus
So true!Jersey Shore
. Corey stop with the REGRESSIVE BS.
healthcare is not an entitlement.
@_Hetrick I am all for giving to people. I am not for taking from others unless they are ok with it.
@_Hetrick How much is enough when it comes to entitlements? Remember: to "give free" to one group you you TOOK from another.
20 million uninsured in US. They dislike the mandate. They can't afford Obamacare. It's time to replace it.
well at least he knows what day it is. *sigh
This a bipartisan effort Cory.  You have the opportunity to be part of a BFD.  Put up or shut up.
you get your health care for the rest of your life what are you complaining for
first @realDonaldTrump has to get it passed #nothappeningtoday #nothappeningever
clueless
Not me!
I wish they would jist leave it alone, and let Obama care crash like it was designed too, your so dishonest!
@bkerensa the only ppl who are going to lose health care are the ones the Government required to have it who didn't want it
It's crazy that this is real. No one can make this stuff up...smh
why can't the American people enjoy the same security you have with the insurance congress& the Senate enjoy. Tax payer funded
Senater Booker, you are so right! Keep up the fight! 
@realDonaldTrump MR FAKE PRESIDENT TRUMP IT'S THURSDAY&SO FAR NO ONE HAS LOST THEIR HEALTH INSURANCE BECAUSE NO VOTE DONE YET
that's completely false. U are lying and fear mongering. U are bad for the future of the USA. Try to unite, not divide
stand firm
...Mr. "President" has obviously let his prescription run out....again...!!!
he doesn't deserve that title
Cory booker has lost his mind.
Please keep fighting for us, Senator Booker. We need you!
why isn't healthcare viewed as a fundamental right?
He such an imbecile,. Please #impeach this #LIARINCHIEF
@realDonaldTrump Cory You Are Incorrect If You cant understand the reasons for ObamaCare failures then you cannot be in office.
He lost today but because he couldn't get enough votes to kill ACA 0 people lost healthcare!
Only if they choose not to buy it. Try honesty, makes you feel good!
right now trump talking health care with truckers, what the truck? I'm not impressed he is reading everyword including potholes!
what I would not give to show T the real state of education. It can not be fixed with funding, but with radical accountability.
Essex thug in a suit
#donaldtrump  You are a joke oh orange one. Even if it passed it wouldn't affect anyone right a way!
Did @POTUS play golf yesterday?
His unprofessionalism is mind boggling.
Times interview shows @realDonaldTrump has a truly confused and muddled mind that is incapable of understanding the truth.
none I hear they may not vote at all so they aren't embarrassed that they don't have the votes to pass
@POTUS nothing to be proud of .... shameful
yes, not today, today is the same as yesterday but this day next year ask the again and the answer may be quite different.
Hey Cory, how about deregulating the Pharma industry for cheaper medication that affects those 24M people?
He's lost his mind. That tweet defies logic, even for him!
@realDonaldTrump too many but there is hope in 2018 and then there is always impeachment.   We dont want to $ for ur family trip
Best throwback Thursday I've seen in awhile
the 24 mills just have to sign up again for the new healthcare bill. Hope and pray it pass
So #45 thinks this is a joking matter.  Must be nice to not have to worry about insurance matters.
But you blocking cheaper drugs from Canada is all fine and dandy.
Poor & underprivlidged don't exist to him. He's concered w/$$ only. If it passes it will cost more to pay for uninsured-Ret. RN
he'll never be truthful about it sad
gawd how can we get DT impeached?
off insurance they don't deserve. The cost will drop then. Democrats like you are embarrassing to our nation. Hope you sleep.
@arsenalsdove Give it time everything is gonna blow up in your face.
Is @CoryBooker really digging into the year 2014 just to be able to insult his President
@realDonaldTrump walked right into that one. Sad.
Should the Govt just let the prices of Obamacare 2 cont 2 rise, either ppl will lose it under Trump or not afford it under Obama
he is so awful. The aca needed a bit of improvement, not decimation!
People forced to buy something can't use, whats next what car they should drive, what to eat, purple socks maybe? LIBERALISM?
that's your story!! You could care less for the people that have been suffering for 8 years under Obamacare!
you turned your back to Newark, Paterson and Camden....smh
Thank You for standing your ground.
He is finally correct about something.  It is Thursday.
I guess we should just leave Obamacare alone and let the ppl in Arizona figure this healthcare shit out 4 themselves.
Trumpcare doesn't help Arizona. Let's tweak not throw away all the funding for healthcare.
Arizona is 1 of the worst places for Obamacare, skyrocketing premiums and probably only 1 health insurer also.
Stop him and stop this bill!
@GuthrieGF @realDonaldTrump
TaxReformWOLF 
in HealthcareReformSHEEP clothing
NOBODY'S BUYING THIS SH*T 
we're smarter than you
Hey sexy. How are you doing?
he doesn't care it's all about his&his people's addiction to ego and power.

he is as dumb as a box of rocks!
I hope it doesn"t pass 
For once he isn't lying. It's Thursday. Tick tock, tick tock...
the 24 million left out is a Liberal lying scheme and if the bill hurts people it won't get passed by the "people's President"
Why is he in such a hurry to inflict pain?
this bill better not pass!!! All they care about is the Rich!! Thanks for all u do Mr. Booker!! Dint give up Dems!!
-@realDonaldTrump is such an ignorant fool. Does @realDonaldTrump think this is a joke?! Again UN-FRIGGIN-BELIEVABLE!!!
It's difficult having no control and being powerless on this one huh?
Yes, but that's all he cares about.
he's kept great promises that we the American people support! He said he won't sign it if it doesn't keep promises
The Bill does not meet his promises. He is pressuring them to vote yes. Please educate yourself on the issues.
please don't let this pass! Our elderly can not afford to pay for the high premiums
that's just wrong. U should be able to enjoy ur life and retire at 65 if that's what u choose
People won't know how badly they've been burned for some time. By then 45 will have someone else to blame.
Maybe those of us who will lose care can get a rich person to pay for our care so we can, you know, stay alive if we get sick.
Excuse my language, but 49 is such an ass!
Ask us again at about 7:30PM
the President has supported various replacements including across state lines buying options & optional health savings accounts
What happened to this? .@realDonaldTrump: Replace Obamacare with Universal Health Care https://youtu.be/TPJfKdp3bDs  via @YouTube
and what are you doing to stop this bill? Besides its not his bill it's an idea pushed by Speaker Ryan.
He's not remembering his promises b/c his words were in quotes. Everything is going to be better 4 all you voters. Oh yes? How?
and why is maternity care ONLY a woman's problem? Doesn't it take two?  @SpeakerRyan
Such shade. Much Cory. Very wow.
you are a fool, Dems should've worked to help Americans get better Ins, not kill it with the conservatives. ACA will die anyway.
Best. Shade. Ever.
The AHAC will allow Doctors like those at AtlasMD to offer Direct Patient Care  $50/mth fr adult  $10/mth fr child
U TELL THEM CORY!!
this is political genocide 
Money over humanity, time and time again, the beast snatches away the scraps.
Is it true that the tax cut benefits primarily only 400 households?
The GOP is disgusting!  How can their supporters back them?  This isn't in their own best interest!!! Crazy!!!
can you talk to your boy @SenPatRoberts & tell him to treat women like we're, you know, people? Because we are. His mom was one.
if this passes it's a disgrace add black mark on this country. #TrumpcareIsWorseThan
Today it's just another day for common people to be afraid of things to come thanks to Trump and his detachment from reality
Maybe its time instead of throwing a little tantrum, you get there and represent the people that elected you? #Realleadership
Cory is representing us and our viewpoint. You perhaps helped to put this unqualified liar in the WH.
That and $1.95 will get you a cup of coffee at Starbucks unless you leftists burned it to the ground.
You stuck people with ins with a 7-10K deductible and told them the HAD to buy it. Life expectancy predictably has dropped.
and he's hoping to kill millions of Americans.
Insurance and big pharma huge profits are more important than lives here. Free market capitalism on steroids.
If I die, I hope my kids can still get insurance
I wish you and yours well. American greed needs to be cured
you are a stone cold liar Cory, look into #pedogate #pizzagate while you are not busy
Fight. Fight this and fight Gorsuch. #StolenSeat 08817 Constituent
26 million if you accept the OMB findings.
How is it looking Cory?
"It's Thursday" is the only accurate statement he'll make today.
i doubt lol
@realDonaldTrump BOOM!!
Cory are you voting no on Gorsuch?
