@TheFreak5000 self serving, ambitious low life
thank you for continuing to fight for us.  You are my inspiration!
Morally bankrupt Booker is simply auditioning for a presidential run in 2020. He'll fail spectacularly. #dtmag
Booker is nothing more than a slanderous, desperate, partisan hack who wants to get his name in the game.
: Nothing more the liberal grandstanding. Such total BS. Obama got his lousy picks done in 8 days. You are just plain evil!
@Weltenbrandt Thankyou, Senator Booker, for fighting for us!
Stand tall...hate will try to dismantle and normalize what is wrong in every crevice of our being. You are appreciated.
had better have more to say than recycling #MLK quotes. From what I've read, @jeffsessions is an honorable man.
Thank you for everything you do for ALL of us Mr. Booker! 
you are awesome.
I read all of the stuff about Sessions. I read things about you Admired you both.  Now, I admire one of you; its not you.
Cory Booker political self serving hack and racist. Typical Establishment problem
And that is exactly why your effort at injustice in this case will lead to your descent rather than ascent.
If MLK were alive he'd find you despicable. Your goal = STEAL & throw crumbs to those you intend to oppress & keep down!!!
Thank you for standing up against hate!
MLKalso said judge a man by his character, not the color of his skin. U violated that by supporting Obama. U R unqualified
you're just a grandstanding politician. Looking to make a name for yourself on the back of a good & decent man. Shameful!
so proud of you & thankful. A DT presidency will be difficult and call for a lot of first's bravo!
very proud of you! Justice and love of country most important!
THANK YOU SENATOR BOOKER for standing up for all of us in testifying today
So what the hell does that have to do with Senator Sessions? Are you still butt hurt because your candidate didn't win?
- Laughable putz. He's gonna be approved anyway. And where's that gonna leave you, cupcake? Your "movement" is almost dead.
And you know what about Sessions? Answer..nothing. You're just the chosen troublemaker..being used/abused by your party..
Thank you Senator Booker for speaking out for what's right.
proud of you for standing up. Thank you!
typically democrat. Only you with your innuendo. No evidence just your option which is always right. Dems=Buncha jackasses

@CoryBooker 
look at me-look at me
the real party of no is back
Thank you
Your a partisan hack and a disgrace. Sessions basically destroyed the KKK as Atty Gen of Alabama. Disagree, scream racist
do you really think this is something to be proud of? this is all about @CoryBooker, nothing else.
@TexDem16 to stand for what you and your constituents believe ...you must feel like superman. Cape up but you are not alone
Thank you God's blessings on your words
@jimmyj48125 thank you for being one of the few representatives left in US who actually represent
God Bless you !
65,844,610 Americans are very proud of you for standing up against hate, we are there with you in spirit! #TheResistance
@reesetheone1 Thank you @SenatorBooker for standing up & protecting us all! Bold & necessary move #BlockSessions
Any chance that Senator Booker's imaginary friend "T-Bone" be at the table with Cory and the 2 Congressmen??
Kudos to you, sir.
Thank you for your courage, compassion and conscience! We need you!!
Proud of you, Senator Booker. You speak for the people.
Please let this be the beginning of the end of this Trump nightmare!   Thank you.
compared to the race baiters Lynch and Holder, Sessions will defend the police and LEGAL citizens, not illegal aliens.
just another corrupt new jersey tool. Sessions will be confirmed and we'll finally have HONEST justice once again.
You're a dirtbag.  Looking forward to Session cleaning house with the lot of you traitors.

RESIGN.
This guys is more MLK than Booker - Martin Luther Cream.
You are a hero!!!! Thank you!!!! Save OUR precious democracy! 
Godspeed.
...can't wait for you to make a fool of yourself, even more than you already have...Democrat strategy: Whine.
@MoondanceGiving Thank You, proud to have u rep New Jersey.  Others should join you, he is trying to steamroll everyone
@JulieLB. Smart thing to do.  Stand up for what is right
Thank you for your leadership, Senator Booker!
Thank you so much. What you're doing is so important. Thank you.
Interesting. So you disagree w/ MLK's niece, Dr. Alveda King, who supports Sessions based on his history prosecuting KKK?
Thanks for standing up to him in this process.
Booker is a Marxist sleaze - karma karma - he is obviously against law and order,  preferring rapist and thugs on our stree
proud to have you as my Senator - keep up the good fight and know we have your back home. Say no trump 100%
You've got our backs and we have yours!
Get 'em! Huge fan of yours, sir.
Thank you, @CoryBooker for doing the right thing.  Can we expect the same of DeVos?
Thank you for standing up for what you believe is right for ALL Americans.
Truth to power! So proud of you. Thank you thank you THANK YOU!
So proud of your commitment to justice, Senator @CoryBooker! Proud to be your constituent. Will keep resisting along with u
Thank you Senator!
thank you Senator Cory &Senator Lewis. I was able to take a big breathe having read your announcement. Namaste'
Bravo Senator Booker. Please inspire your Democrat colleagues to do more of this. Now is the time for courage not cowardice
We are counting on you.
sometimes you've got to stand up to unethical behavior, proud @CoryBooker is strong enough to do this! #ItMatters
Kick some ass Senator. Don't let any of these losers get in. #Resistance
Cory Booker, class act.
