 I'm also hearing there may be no *full* CBO score for Graham-Cassidy--no coverage analysis.  https://twitter.com/topherspiro/status/908732849611735040 …
Reckless & immoral sounds like the Republican way. Isn't that how they do everything?
Is Congress that broken that they will pass anything regardless of the human & financial impact. VOTE 'em out! @SenToomey @RepSmucker
Do you really think the Republicans care one whit about that. The entire Republican presence in Congress is reckless and immoral.
I can't believe people actually keep voting these bastards in. The elections must be rigged, hacked, bought. All is lost if we don't stop it
I'm so afraid people will so distrust the electoral college, voting machines, etc. they'll stay home in 2018
Me too, I hate the observation that I mention above but I do believe it. The only way elections have been honest is by overwhelming numbers.
Anytime it has been close  they have cheated. It is disillusioning especially for people like me a deep red state who rarely seems to matter
It has been getting worse. I know a lot of folks voted for Trump. I don't believe 60 million did. We must increase turn out.
Have you known people were are scared to vote? I have, most younger people shrug it off and seem apathetic. I have known older folks that...
...we're more blunt. Most but not all were poor black, native or hispanic native born. A few were poor whites. It used to be common.
This was the world they used to live in. If you voted & the preferred candidate of the local powers lost you were targeted in assumption.
Did the Democrats do that
IOW, typically @GOP
When did @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan or @GOP actually care about the consequences of trolling .@TheDemocrats?
So obamacare was fully vetted? Your memory is as terrible as your political beliefs
Indeed.  But that's the GOP.  Reckless and immoral.
Nothing new for the GOP, this has become part of their MO.
Well we are talking about reckless and immoral people.  #resist
Oh God, they're at it AGAIN? Now I have to waste time digging up all those old memes from the Spring? Damn you Trumpsters!
That's the Congressional Republicans' MO.
Hmmm was it not your pal pelosi who said " we have to pass it to know what's in it"?
No one has accused this admin of doing anything guided by morality. Why start now?
To be fair, "Reckless and immoral!" is the new GOP motto.
#RecklessandImmoral...the modern GOP.
Yes and ?? This the republican party you are talking about

ATTENTION: Senate Republicans may try to repeal the Affordable Care Act and gut Medicaid AGAIN. Time to make calls!
But we already know they are reckless and immoral.
Instead of fixing flaws in the bill, they skip analysis.  Like fixing that weird noise your car makes by turning up the radio.
Democrats campaign for 2020: Sheer gov't controlled #insanity. Take your #welfarehealthcare strategy where all #Dem ideas should go--trash.
No the Graham-Cassidy is hoping to shove this through the Senate with 52 votes.
...so par for the course for the GOP.
And yet again the GOP attempts to screw the American people.
Yes, reckless and immoral. The perfect republican bill.
In other words, very Trumpian and modern Republican.
So, how much does a used guillotine go for these days?
That's what this feels like
..
It's a lousy bill. Medicare for all would be better. Keep protection for preexisting conditions & portability to other states. I'm a republi
If the GOP truly cared they would've returned to "regular order", too persist shows a blatant disregard for we the people. #foreshame
Despite the strong resistance voiced at town hall meetings & protests they do this?  Sounds like political suicide!
trying to pass it with full analysis: also reckless and immoral.
So...standard GOP procedure.
the GOP no longer stands for integrity and public service.
Of course not, cowards!
@LindseyGrahamSC introduced his new new "kill the poor" #Trumpcare bill. They seem to be hell bent on causing maximum carnage in America.
Same as the one before and the one before that and the one before that and... #GroundhogDay
It's as if they haven't tried this twice before. Hmmmm... #SaveACA
What is the objective here?  Seems like they are proving over and over it is just spite.
Sounds on par for this congress.
derp dop doowop ima corporate robot
Dispicable
It will still destroy healthcare for millions of Americans. They really want the $ for their tax cut for the wealthy. Gotta b defeated.
Reckless and immoral? Never stopped em before.
This wouldn't be the first time someone tried this. If I recall correctly, Pelosi tried this exact same thing before.
Insane, reckless, and immoral is the new normal.
It's not about good legislation, It's about "WINNING".
Don't need facts. Gets in the way of convincing rubes that its good for them.
Ah yes grasshopper, quickly forget Nancy Pilosi said the same thing for "un"affordable care act. pass first read later. That's no Gouda !!!
Unfortunately, reckless and immoral is @GOP, @RNC & @realDonaldTrump's middle names! #RESIST & #PERSIST! Call, fax, tweet ASAP! STAY WOKE!
@CoryBooker @TopherSpiro -"reckless and immoral"--in other words, republican.
Reckless & immoral. . .Hmmm. . . Sounds about right for that crowd.
Nothing to worry about then. The GOP leadership would never do anything insane, reckless, or immoral. Oh, wait....
Reckless and immoral is what maga hats say when you look at them through the sunglasses from that John Carpenter movie. #TheyLive
#CBO
Reckless and immoral. You just described the GOP.
Reckless and immoral? Is that something new and unusual for this Administration?
They don't care. They are ruthless.
And that would stop reckless and immoral Republicans because????
Would be a wild guess to score it as each state would do something different. Look how far they have been off on one-size federal models.
Since when has this administration demonstrated sanity? If you're looking for sanity try Canada 
They have 50 votes to override all the Byrd bath violations?
No. What Obamacare did and Obama's LIES saying that if you liked your healthcare plan, you could KEEP your healthcare plan was immoral.
@delong @TopherSpiro What happened to McCain's"regular order?"  Does ignoring it mean he's a no?
Perfect for the GOP!
Sound familiar........different dog, same tricks.  Dialing finger goes back to work 
I think "Reckless and Immoral" is a mini series about GOP coming to HBO
It's not insane if it is the only way to pass a crappy, unpopular bill.
Ezra, in 2017, that's an evergreen tweet.
are you surprised republicans are terrible, ezra?
Trying to pass it **with or without full analysis** would be immoral. Equally immoral, IMHO...
It's reckless and immoral to take healthcare away from millions of people so I doubt this would bother them.
Since when does "insane" stop these guys?
Just like obama & THE Dems passed the current health law, Ezry? It's about to self destruct! Obama will look even more the dumbass!
Anything coming from Cassidy will be worthless. All he wants is to kiss Trumps a$$!
So why should being reckless and immoral be an issue for them?
You must be new here.
Republicans modus operandi. Not surprised.
Insane, reckless, immoral... AND REPUBLICAN!
Are they even going to pretend to have hearings? Or just announce they passed it sometime in the middle of the night?
Yep, so scrap Obama Care and all. There is a better way - one that does not kill the Const. or the economy. States have to implement.
Republicans are governing in the dark, gerrymandering legislation!
Reckless and immoral is the Republican brand
Trying to pass it at all is immoral.
But there's probably a downside too.
We should stop pretending that the Republican Party is not reckless & immoral, & stop being surprised when they do reckless immoral things.
OK. But in the meantime call your senators and representative.
Anybody seen Regular Order over at Graham-Cassidy? Appears to be AWOL or in a blindfold & handcuffs hidden away somewhere in the Capitol.
You saying the Republicans should think of the consequences if they pass their shitty bill is adorable.
Psssttt @ezraklein sweetie you're talking about Republicans ... reckless & immoral is their motto
Same old, same old
Do you even hear yourself??? The entirety of the Republican party is immoral! Where have you been? This is business as usual.
This means McCain has to be a no. Right? RIGHT?
"reckless and Immoral?" So what's not to like about that?
So it fits in with the Rep agenda.
Ezra, your point would be...?
Since when did that stop the GOP.  They haven't been moral since Pere Bush.
Surely you are not surprised? Wash, rinse & repeat seems to be all they are capable of. Who knew governing is so complicated?
Welcome to the GOP.
They don' t care. With everyone focused on the hurricanes and DACA they think they can sneak it through
Again? It's like déjà vue over & over again. Just stop already! We see you!
2014 all over again but got it passed.
"Reckless and immoral" TM GOP 2017
Reckless and immoral = the @GOP
This is ridiculous!!  Repugs will pay if this goes thru.
Hasn't been a disqualifier so far 
Isn't "reckless and immoral" the @GOP 's motto for 2017?
"Reckless and Immoral" is the GOP slogan.
So much for transparency.
So, typical Republican process then.
I don't know why they don't want to be scored by CBO. Those nations said ACA was revenue neutral
Ah yes. The only play in the GOP playbook.  At least the only one that is написал на английском языке!
As if "reckless and immoral" has not been the watchword for Congress since Trump election? E.g. Last ACA repeal effort?
Insane is the new black
Reckless and immoral - GOP specialty.
So you're saying they're gonna pass it
The democrats did exactly that with Obama care however I think it was designed to fail so Hillary could move it to single payer
And you know why red states get more HC funds? 2018-2020 Elections. Everyone else in blue states gets screwed.
reckless and immoral is exactly where they stand
Basically, this is HC bill that takes funds from blue states & give them to red states like AZ to get their senator's votes. Another scam
What's new
Yup! And this is America.....my heart is sick.
So @SenJohnMcCain would have to be a No, right?
Not necessarily, besides to me at least Lisa Murkowski & Susan Collins were so much more brave & strong
Yeah just like last time
its a republican bill what does that surprise you?
Where's that guy that said that folks were over reacting?
Insane, reckless & immoral are the Republican way.
If McCain had a problem with BCRA, et al., because no regular order, no way he goes for this.
It won't pass without the CBO report. I don't think?
They have tried crazier shit
I believe Reckless & Immoral is the new GOP slogan
Welcome to the GOP.
nice to see GOP learn from their mistakes.  The defn of insanity etc etc etc
Reckless and immoral? It's the GOP platform...
Reckless & immoral is this administration's motto.That quote will probably make that small handed orange clown happy @realDonaldTrump
By "reckless and immoral" you mean Republican?
It's the GOP. "Reckless & immoral" is all they have. Support #DougJonesforSenate! He won't stand for #GOPbs! #FlipItBlue #DigDoug2017 #ALSen
#KeepAndImproveObamacare   #Bipartisanship
Let them! This is the paragon of conservatism. #DEFENDACA
Yep - the combination of insane, unusual, reckless, and immoral just about sums up the GOP these days.
"Reckless and immoral" is the GOP's middle name nowadays.
Right, so what's your point? They've done reckless and immoral before. And insane.
"Reckless and Immoral" is the textbook definition of Trump and the GOP Congress
Which means they'll do it anyway.
Sounds exactly like what they will do.
Math is not the Republicans' friend:
Have you missed the last 9 months?
So, we should count on the same 3 no votes as before?
How can we ensure that @USCBO will do the full analysis? For (R) this may be a win, but for American ppl, it's our lives they're messing wth
@jonfavs that is the modus operandi for @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr screw the public, pass anything to cut donor taxes
So you're saying they will definitely try. Fantastic.
"Reckless and immoral..." so standard, current-day GOP? Awesome. What a time to be alive.
Reckless and immoral? Just how Republicans like it!
Yes, it would.
I think trying to pass it at all is immoral and reckless because it will kill people.
When will you people ever come to understand that predicting the future is not pussible? And trying to use a CBO score is trying to do that!
If you knew the reality and weakness of things such as statistics you would understand, but everyone got lazy! Results, last election!
Reckless and immoral, where have I heard those words before?
Gotta say Topher, the CBO has not scored 1 single Health bill without scoring Coverage Analysis. So, I don't believe you are right here.
That doesn't sound like Republicans at all...
So, what you're saying is, get ready for them to pass it next week? #recklessandimmoralisthenameoftheirgame
I'm sure @BenSasse would want a CBO score first, since he's so adamant Berniecare gets scored
so desperate for "a win" they'd do anything, #TurnOverTheHouse 2018
Oh, if it's reckless and immoral the GOP definitely won't do it, so problem solved!
Remember EZRA U have to pass it to see whts in it/WAS THAT RECKLESS & IMMORAL/Keep Ur Doctor Keep Ur plan?
what is the @GOP if not reckless and immoral?
at this point, up to 49 Rs are (still) reckless and immoral about healthcare.  This is why we need more than ACA fix: single payer
Mo senator Roy Blunt is already chomping at the bit to screw his constituents
Proud to support @lindseygrahamSC @billcassidy bill that would provide better health care for Missourians http://bit.ly/2ya7Kpw  (1/2)
Well then it's business as usual...
In other words, Republican.
This. Again.
For Republicans, a win is a win, damn the consequences, they can blame Obama for forcing their hands.
What do you expect from these Republicans? They never do what's in the best interest of the public. Gotta get those tax cuts for the wealthy
Reckless and immoral. That's the modern GOP in a nutshell.
And we know trump n @GOP would never  reckless n immoral..O, wait, that exactly what they are
"Reckless and immoral" is what these jackasses are trying to do on  a daily basis !!
And that bothers @LindseyGrahamSC ??
Your point?
Republican Party should change their name to the Immorals
Well, clearly it can't happen then. Whew.
Can't wait to hear how @SenJohnMcCain votes!
Yep. They're bragging about how they were "plugging away" today while we were 2 tired. Can't be tired. Lives are at stake. #ProtectOurCare
So Topher is right then, insanity is the GOP's fallback position.
Unfortunately you've just described the M.O. for all of the GOP's repeal plans this year... inertia.
Speechless . Other than wealthy people in perfect health no support from GOP
Has that ever stopped the @GOP before? They have no ethics and no morals.
Then the same 3 @GOPers should be no's for sure.
Yeah, but we need wins not effective thoughtful policy.
It would Republican, which yes, embodies reckless and immoral along with a whole lot of other negative traits.
"reckless and immoral" is the official GOP slogan.
We got to start @GOP for ALL of this. They need to be bombarded by their own hand
Yes, reckless and immoral. What's your point.
It would make sense, they are desperate to jam something through....
Aka business as usual for the GOP
