Great comment on MSNBS just now! Well said!
Thank you.
Thank you
You "boo" America.
Trump must go. That must be the dialogue going forward.
What part of the First Amendment don't people understand?
I think it is more of a timing thing really
They thought they had it bad! Things have continued to go even farther down hill since the 60's. Who could've imagined, right?
And how has it went down since the 60's? Please explain.
Oh ok it's better then.
I think it is in ways. Bad in others.
Spread the love, not the hate.
You love a socialist America. The majority love a capitalist America. Thankful your party is no longer in power. Keep moving left.
https://www.facebook.com/missmellierainbow/posts/10154971420058803 …. You are so invited!  Will be in Jersey in December 
When?
You say we.  Who exactly are we?
Dawn knows..
I still remember and respect John Carlos & Tommie Smith for their actions on that platform that day in 1968. Tremendous!
As hindsight is 20/20, I hope that future generations will recognize the parallels between this moment and NFL protests of the present.
No you don't. Your entire platform is about HATE.
Right on!!
Tearing down all the civil war monuments or anything the BLM find offensive is O.K. well, start tearing down the black monuments. Offensive!
Cory any comment about this @IDFSpokesperson soldier that was murdered by a Palestinian terrorist
Tell me what you did for Newark ?
Whoa. List listened to you on All in with Christ Hayes. Sir, that was the most eloquent statement on the #TakeAKnee issue I have heard!!
You love your version of America. Just like Moochelle. Remember what she said?
This is awesome.  It is so sad that many don't understand, the raised fist or taking a knee.  It's a peaceful sign of protest.
Resisting & supporting kneeling is NOT what a person who loves this country does. Bet you voted to “fundamentally transform” this country, am I right? You don’t Fundamentally Transformed something you love. Love isn’t a fist in the air either. #SitDown. You don’t love, you hate.
Who is we?  'Cuz my Black a$$ most certainly DOES NOT!!!!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ym5KciNlx_0 …

Perhaps this will help
https://www.facebook.com/newlypress/videos/1895420577388981/ …
https://youtu.be/RYWLFdOUhAk 
I do not believe you do.  I think you hate a GOP as President.
We too?  Who do you refer?
by hating it?
As a Trump supporter i dont agree with a single policy u are for, but I am 100 percent behind u trying to strip NFL of tax exempt status
then why would you try and destroy it dingbat ?
You love to DESTROY it! That is all
Amen!!
#StandForTheAnthem
It's time to help the rest of us.
 x 1,000,000
You are also a hero to many of us.
If you love America why are you proposing a healthcare system that will bankrupt our country? Higher taxes, less care!
They never forgot about our protest against Amerikkka. those who still remain never got over it so their showing it #Now
Until big pharma pays not to
Loving America does not mean supporting this President! In fact quite the opposite!
Gd bless America! 
Yes
Where's the emergency response for millions without power in PR?!?!?! #PuertoRicoRelief
Peter Norman, Tommie Smith, and John Carlos. Just re-read their story yesterday in fact.
You - all of you - are loved and matter to more than you know. #TakeTheKnee
Very proudly We are fighting oppressors Uniting against a  that sold us to Russia for profit Follow the money! Distracts not ok
I know you do.
my senator.
Then show some respect...
Then, show it rather than obstructing and resisting anything and everything   outside your liberal ideology.
See the button of inclusion and protest on the Australian champ?  He too was ostracized, but his gov't came around before his passing.
While it lasts!
Doubtful. Get your statistics straight then. Stop trying to make everything about skin color you racist.
I, Too
I, too, sing America.
I am the darker brother.
They send me to eat in the kitchen
When company comes,
But I laugh,
And eat well,
And grow strong.
Tomorrow, I’ll be at the table
When company comes.
Nobody’ll dare Say to me,
“Eat in the kitchen,”
Then.
Besides,
They’ll see how beautiful I am
And be ashamed—
I, too, am America

Langston Hughes
I'm growing old, waiting for that tomorrow.
Just take a knee...
With you sir.
It was the white guys idea
I don't know what you mean.
The idea of the fists in the air. The bronze medalist, the white guy thought of it.
1968 Mexico Olympics
Langston Hughes reference!?
Remember
The very Big Pharma Phony Booker at work doing his usual hypocritical best to deceive where's the money you Phony
You're so "woke"
Because we love America we care for it by asking questions, calling out injustice and welcoming everyone to our important conversations
We all do.
Just not the white people in it. bc they're so racist etc
Please watch and #TakeAKnee #TheResistance https://www.facebook.com/trevor.barnette.9/posts/1585647768149286 …

You are part of the problem, Obama wanna be.
Show it
We Americans!
Yes, @CoryBooker. You love America so much, you decided we Americans don't deserve affordable prescriptions. Nothing saws love like that
If you mean meds from Canada, you're wrong. Uncontrolled meds maybe lethal. Prince died from mislabeled Fentanyl. @CoryBooker was right.
Love America BS! Every word that comes out of your mouth shows you to be a Bigotted Racist who hates white people! Total hypocrite!
No you don't you love the idea of what you can change it into which is a nation no different than any other. It won't happen
And T-Bone.
Yond Cory. All things to all people. Exactly where do you stand ? Or, kneel ?
Don't see it
No, u don't. ProgSocLibDems hav no idea way it means to "love America".
#Anti-America
Love you Cory!
Are there pharma dollars in there somewhere?
Anyone that takes the knee DOES NOT love or respect America
Some are offended by those statues. Maybe they should be taken down. Can you have a more phony, set up photo than this?
"Protest beyond the law is not a departure from democracy; it is absolutely essential to it." - Howard Zinn
Players have only done this to be seen-how are they helping the unite this country oh not enough glory for you! Unite!!! N
Keep speaking, Senator.  So many of us respect your ideas and leadership!
Then do something about the black children in Chicago with your love
That statue should come down.
I find this statue offensive. Take it down!
Looks like you only love the black portion. Good for you. I'll continue to love all of us.
I know that's why blk ppl built it for free and still haven't put the foot in the asses of the people who forced us to.
Thank you. 
Ella H. Knight
It is time to Impeach this racist person. Unite America. Let’s clean the Trump Swamp.
Trump is so slick, he just expanded his base by bashing #NFL & celebrating #NASCAR 
BINGO!
Trump did it again.
America scrambles & divides.
Wrong... obama and the dems divide...Trump points out reality
Its not about race, Its about attitude.
Who is Corey Booker??!?!? Never Mind...really?!?!???
We too too love America! That's why we elected .@realDonaldTrump 

#Trump2020
You love White America only. That's why you elected #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
You have a funny way of showing it.
liar!!
I cant believe the dynamics. There's basic respect. If you feel disrespected or hate police ask why and what actions caused? Dont use NFL
I this- thank you for tweeting!
Why is it so easy for Donny to label everyone who doesn't kiss his ass to label them as Unamerican when the opposite is true? Defend America
Great. Maybe one day you won’t view America as we vs you... Division is the issue.
Who took this? Beautiful picture.
Thank you!
And America loves you, Senator! Thank you for your hard word and guidance through these challenging times!
Thank you, Senator. I, too, love that poem.
I was asked to sign a petition for NFL players to get fired for not standing by someone I went to HS Unlike you I am ashamed to have lived
In an all white town..most are racist stupid and I am ashamed to know them..i integration was a waste of time..
.@CoryBooker No you don't.
Now is your time to run for president..
All the more meaningful considering how African Americans have long shouldered a burden white people don't carry & many won't  acknowledge.
Let's get that federal bill going you're working on. Legalize cannabis. Thank you.
great feeling, and the 20 or so cops made me feel real safe. You should be ashamed of yourself and your city!
I need a poster of that for my school.
If you're going to hang a picture of athletes holding a Black Power salute, it's time for all of us to homeschool our children.
Hey Cory, had to go to a Newark schools football game recently, spent 20 minutes in line to get a metal detector wand ran over me, such a
Senator Booker, PLEASE broker a meeting between Kapernick and our elected officials to start the conversation. Take the lead! #TakeTheKnee
Wanted: Average, decent Americans with the courage& determination to create racial peace non-violently. Wear a patch http://equalitypatch.com 
Racism will continue to rot under trump & long past his *legacy*. Slavery built U.S & still sustains it with   Neocolonialism. Run Cory.
C-Book you're a CLASS ACT and I'm one American who appreciate you brother....Signed, Your Biggest Fan
No one said you didn't. The nitwits taking a knee during the anthem don't.
Suggest Puerto Rico should go to the top of Senate agenda business.
Well it's a tie now that North Korea is going to kill us because of the Accidential President #HurricaneRelief #NoWar
Does amerikkka reciprocate ? When someone show u they hate u believe them
You're such a hack... I know you will dump AMERICANS when it goes against your pharmaceutical donors. They get returns per usual not us.
You dont love America
You love YOUR America, senator; not MY AMERICA. My America supports rugged individualism, hard work, and honesty; ur liberal beliefs do not
Me too and I love this shot, its very powerful!
Yes we do & respect our patriotism. It allows us to rely on certain rights. What we are unable to do is rely on Trump to understand that.
If your talking about healthcare, it is not a right.
Talk economics, everyone who lives in the U S  or immigrates to the U S  uses Black America's productivity to flourish
I am dam tired of the lies about excellence of others when we Black Americans out pace & excel most.  White Trash  days are over.
It's not up to others to tell us that we are or are not patriotic or how we should show that patriotism. #IStandWithThoseWhoTakeAKnee
Spitting on the country is your way to express patriotism? Okie dokie. 
You can mis characterize all you like.  No one cares.


We've always loved America from the Revolutionary war, Vietnam war and Iraq we just want to feel loved and respected by America.
YES WE DO!
Not when you show us a Stalinist raised fist!
The raised fist as a sign of solidarity predates Stalinism by... a lot.
I'll remember that the next time I see the union workers on strike

Amazing museum
Lol, represent NJ much lately?
Proud to have had John Carlos as a counselor at my high school although it wasn't until later in life that I realized how heroic he was.
That was disrespectful then and now
Ohhhh.  That's a well staged picture.  Drama suits the left well
Together
Powerful photo brother Booker @CoryBooker
Run for President.
