Who will pay for their transition therapy?? tax payers???  What about our rights Cory?  Will you stand for them??
If you don't want to help Americans with your tax money, you shouldn't get the benefit of other people's.
Hey, tax money doesn't go for non medical issues.
POTUS is right. Booker is a wanna be king race hustler looking to further his hate msg.
Draft dodger @POTUS discriminating against all volunteer force sad, sick man ! Pathetic excuse for president
But that doesn't mean we should pay for their transition surgery. That is a personal choice, not a medical necessity.
And college is a personal choice. Should we cut those benefits too Rochelle?
Not even remotely close to the same thing.
Yep not the same. One you risk your life the other you don't.
Hey Gary, I was referring to the military giving soldiers college benefits. Rochelle hates paying for one personal choice but not another.
It's considered a mental disorder and mental disorders disqualify recruits daily.
Actually it isn't.
It is
So you just straight up ignored what I showed you just now?
About how you lied about that not being sourced? You don't have a response to that? Just clarifying.
Tell everyone about your red dot
You didn't show anything
Totally agree, Men and Women have been serving for years. There is NO DIFFERENCE.
You pay for their penis inversions Cory!
Sorry but a person is born the gender that God decided u would be not what a person thinks, if man can't bear a child he's a MAN!! Simple
Ha ha...Yes! It's called Science! Chromosomes determine sex. Either XX or XY.
Then Einstein why does the Bible say "He knew u before u were formed in ur Mothers womb" and I know the male determines the sex of the baby
So God knows everything and everything is already predetermined? Is that what you are saying?
If u read the Bible u would know the answer!!!!!!!!!
I find the Bible to be full of contradictions. Ex. God is all knowing/powerful. He has a plan. So does God ever change his/her mind?
Why would God ever change HIS mind HE'S always perfect!!!!!!!!!
Then what is the point of praying? Gods gonna do what Gods gonna do? People pray for all sorts of things, healing, find someone, love etc.
I agree w/ Potus, a Transgender join the military it would be for selfish reasons, our good men & women fighting 4 us don't have time for BS
"A Transgender" they are human beings who want to serve their country. What is wrong with that? Nothing. It's ignorance pure and simple.
Thanks Corey for standing up for human rights ! Keep it up !!
Typical bullshit , Cory ! Trying to get votes
I #Wholeheartedly agreed @CoryBooker The Whole #Truth loud and clear @realDonaldTrump so unprofessional, uneducated unfit President of #USA!
Transgender also have a 45% suicide rate! Can't afford that our suicide rate is already too high
wow keep them out to bend the curve of suicide percentage OK 
https://williamsinstitute.law.ucla.edu/wp-content/uploads/AFSP-Williams-Suicide-Report-Final.pdf …
POTUS IS 100% CORRECT.
Cory, Cory: you have rocks falling out of your head.
Hey this from marble head
Wow, Suzy homemaker....that must have used up all your brain cells to think of that little ditty!!!
Blocked liser
Do ne of u realize this was the military's call?
Way to talk about popular issues while taking big money from corporations maybe people will focus on this instead 
Treating human beings equally is not a military decision and should NEVER be up for debate!
That is so messed up! This from a man who dodge the draft. Trump is disgusting!
I'm a vet I wouldn't  care what gender the person would be beside me as long as I know they got my back. Shame on u Mr. President.
Bless you Shawn. I wish more folks had that attitude 
#POTUS is constantly #wrong. Most  Americans are getting #FedUp with his #ineptness and #stupidity. He is totally #UnfitToServe!!!
Sue   What do u mean!  Trump constantly right. Wake up before too late
Wouldn't it be funny if you guys all got so distracted by this that you forgot that he secured funding for the wall. Oh wait that happened.
All who voted for this guy are a disgrace as well...and deserve every bit of pain his policies bring. The Left needs to totally abandon them
No more engagement or debate. No more appeasement. No more Blue states paying for Red states. Leave them to the fate of their own making.
You do know that California has the highest number of welfare recipients,right?
No. Not like everybody else. These cucks have a mental disorder. Way different
No outrage for people with: diabetes, obesity, flat feet, color blindness??? They can't be in the military either. #selectiveoutrage
As a taxpayer, I should NOT have to help foot bill for a transgender military person's medications to help them transition.  That's on them.
But footing their college and pensions don't bug you? Transgender reassignment therapies are an infentesimal fraction of the budget.
I'm more than happy to help pay for their college and pensions.  But I feel like the decision to transition is one they personally made.
So is college. So is spending 20 years serving to get a pension. These are all personal choices. The difference is one rubs you wrong.
I see your point.  But college is a requirement for some jobs.  (I.e. Must have Masters Degree).  So in a sense, college is not a choice.
And transgender men and women have provably better psychological well being post transition. So in a sense? Not a choice.
That's debatable. One could argue that the sex re-assignment surgery might make them less psychologically stable as they adjust to new life.
I mean one could. But they'd be wrong.
What is going to happen to the 15K plus serving in the military? The #TransgenderBan says 'in any capacity'. #TrumpPinkSlip #No2Hate #LGBTQ
Who knew there was a higher concentration of transgenders in the military than in the normal population?
No one is disputing thier bravery for volunteering for the military Corey. The issue is high suicide rates and cost.
Gee, I can't imagine why the suicide rate is so high. Hmmmm
Not sure if you're agreeing or not. 
But the facts speak for themselves. Post trans have a higher % chance of commiting suicide.
So maybe we don't add to their trauma by treating them like crap?
He's saving trans lives. How is that treating trans like crap?
No, he's not. There are Trans folks who may want to serve & now they can't...because of who they are.
Rather than thinking it through. You just watch to blindly rage at a perceived wall.
Trump should send his straight sons to served and protect  America 
Excuse me?  Obama set this in motion just 2 years ago. Trans genders in the military was never a thing until very recently. Find me a hero.
Not while they are in the military. I don't care what they do on their own time, but when they are defending me, no hormone therapy.
@SabrinaSiddiqui Heard you vote NO this morning.  a'ho for helping to keep ACA alive and working for us.
Booker you are crazy
$250 K for a stupid #transgender operation. Pay for it yourself, Cory Booker.

They are in the military to get free gender change. They are freaks who don't belong in our fighting force. Democrats are SICK & DEMENTED.
Except other people have been denied enlistment for far less. Foreseeable future surgeries gets other people denied the ability to serve.
Corey you R wrong Transger is abomination to God WHY SHOULD AMERICANS PAY FOR THIS EVIL Hero's are those serving for love country NOTSURGERY
Besides Muslims hate homosexuals You hypocrite You don't stand for your beliefs
A diabetic cannot join the armed forces... where is the moral outrage on that.
Stop weighing the military down with social experiments.
There are many health issues both mental and physical that go along with trying to change yourself from what God made you to be.
No really they aren't.  There may be some but the cost outweighs the benefit. Many joined just to get a ticket to medical transformation.
I would join if I got a free face lift tummy tuck and it made me younger  love my president don't waist my money #
Well he is in fact the President, Mr. Booker. You are not.
Why would you vote to increase drug prices?? #November2018

You Dems Just don't get it
One of the reasons President Trump Did this its going to cost as taxpayers millions and millions of dollars
Only 23% agree with you Cory, so I guess you're talking to yourself
Then hire them to be your security but your money were your mouth is#irony
Except they cost us millions each to cater to and natural born folks don't. They are a distraction. Look at Chelsea Manning. Nuff said!
No one is disputing hero status of transgender Americans,only the reason they have signed up in first place!
Nah Corey booker is wrong transgendered people are racist
They can metamorphosis either before or after military service. But their change will not be paid by the government. Not a job expense
So are people with bad hearts and bad eye sight and the other stipulations we have to serve. Sorry this could be war not a science project
He's deflecting.He won't do a damned thing becuz he's nothing but a bully.These r salesman/strongman tactics tht only wrk on the vulnerable.
We the People of the United States Should Not Accept or Allow
@realDonaldTrump to Be @POTUS any LONGER!
They r in there for the sex reassignment surgery and the free hormone replacement therapy that makes your donors in Big Pharma rich. Amen.
This is the first thing that this independent has agreed with you on. I do agree that TG's should be allowed to serve.
When were your years of service? Didnt think so. Maybe the 99.7% heterosexual military servicemen should have some say in this. Obvious
Agreed!
A bi-polar neighbor was shamed and discriminated against by military and denied service. Booker never fought for him to bravely serve. Hmmm
My 400 pound friend was fat shamed by obama and his military. He was denied military service. He just wanted to serve, but Booker didnt care
Its been the policy ALAWAYS. Only for last few months it changed when coward obama lobbed this grenade onto military on his way out the door
Demagoguing Booker. Many issues involved that are REAL, military is not your progressive playground. Many good people denied from military
How can someone who lied to avoid the draft decide who's fit to serve and who's not?
I've heard he was dancing up a storm with "foot spurs"!
http://dailysignal.com/2017/07/26/why-forcing-the-military-to-pay-for-sex-changes-would-be-disastrous/amp/ …
Cory Booker is a fraud.
I love this:  “Let’s meet face to face and you tell me I’m not worthy”
That's pretty good. Disqualifying some who want to serve and the healthiest President ever getting a medical waiver.
Too late. Already there
Too late.  Already there
He's wrong about basically everything.

I can't wait for you to run for President. We need you!
You want the Christine Jorgensen Overhaul,
You pay for it.
Wasn't Pence leaning to be gay in college?  Didn't he get "SAVED" from being gay?  Sounds like a Pence agenda!
heroes?  Senator, come to your senses!
Thank you senator booker
Transgender has no place in the military....a constant focus and no distractions from the purpose of those positions.....need psych exams!
Oh, hush up Cory Booker! Trump is correct! The potential for abuse by perverts, freaks is obvious! Think as American not a coward Democrat
Yay Cory! Trump makes it harder everyday to be a US citizen. He is truly a hideous embarrassment and will surely be his own demise. But When
What a hypocrite - lost a lot of votes there....
This is what happens when you have trump and the GOP above the law disregarding their oath and abandoning the constitution
Trannies are screwed-up people, the last Hooker I hired turned out to be one...
You definitely seem like the type of dude that had to pay for sex
Everyone pays, one way or another...sooner or later...some collect cash, others don't...
Nah I think it's just ppl like you who can't get laid without paying
I am sure your partner? Pays all the bills..and you skate free...so that makes you what? She pays when dining at McDonald's...dude..?
Not even close
Thank you Sen Booker for standing up against discrimination.
What's wrong is having people on the battle field who r confused and mentally unstable! Kind of like u Cory! #MASA #MAGA
R
Trump plays all of U like a fiddle.  Meanwhile while U all run here & there he does his dirt work behind closed doors.HE IS LAUGHING AT U
He does & says anything 2 keep US distracted from lying Kusher, greedy brand promoter Ivana, Russia & his personal income & investment in RU
Its amazing how u foolish distracted folks continued to be manipulated by this sick person you call president.  Don't U GET IT!  U BEEN HAD
Sad for everyone below the 49th parallel...
We welcome Cdns of all sexual orientations and gender identities. Join us! #DiversityIsOurStrength #ForcesJobs http://ow.ly/7IVI30dW2xY  
Bull
Lol they can't be deployed
I guess we should not accept their taxes either if we think they are any less human. Shame on Republicans
He's acts like he's worried about ISIS destroying America but he's trying to start a civil war.
No Cory they are a distraction and a health risk.  Taxes should not pay for surgery
Transgenders has always been in the military.
He is not just wrong, he is discriminating and disgusting
I don't want to be represented or connected in any way with those freaks
They do it for their own gain ,thought it was a way to get their surgery paid for and trump just put a fly in their oatmeal
Mr booker you should be ashamed of yourself pandering to the lbgqt when black people are paying for this crap also leave the poor alone
Its about time a president with enough sense to say bs why should taxpayer's pay for their surgery give us a break
Transgender in military ? Why on Earth would they want to fight for a county that hates them? See: Ali, Mohammed.
Lawmakers have the right to challenge us authority on this issue. It's questionable he has the right to decide composition
When are out congress and senate going to speak out against this idiot in the Oval Office? I expect more from moral people to speak up
He does not have the constitutional authority to do this. If Congress rolls over and allows this, we are past done.
Hate this narcissist  must be stopped
I Trump but I disagree. They should serve. They were tough enough to cross over. Gutsy full of balls
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS. Very HOMOPHOBIC and a very BIGOTED administration.
Thank you very much for your support, Senator.  It's very much appreciated.
#45 is following in Putin's footsteps. #ImpeachTrump
If a trans is captured what will happen to them will be horrible I would not want to be the person that gave the ok for them to serve .
Please #impeach him!
Trump is an ass. Who cares about gender
It's ok to be a racist,narcissist,traitor, sexual predator and become president but not ok to serve this great country if transgender? How ?
POTUS has been wrong about pretty much everything. @realDonaldTrump
Private insurance does not cover personal choice personal $$ !! DSM 5 list as psych dx. Our military needs to be physically & mentally ready
Why doesn't he just do to us in the LGBT community what they are dojng in Chechnya and have it over with!
As usual he bases his policies on falsehoods and lies harming loyal and patriotic Americans!
THE ATTACK ON NATURAL IDENTITY of every male or female - XX or XY is being perpetuated by TR@NZ to abu$e & mock science & REALITY OF TRUTH!
http://www.isna.org/faq/what_is_intersex …
Military needs limits. This is one.
Excluded by a so-called president who claimed his personal Vietnam was avoiding the contraction of Venereal disease...  bigotry
Thank you for standing up for ALL members of the military today and for the right to all to serve their country!
Please save us, Senator Booker!
This is just a distraction. Trump trying to  stop us from focusing on Russia and the investigation involving Trump jr.
Thank you for your stands for justice.
@realDonaldTrump is a 5 time draft dodger who hates anything @BarackObama supported. Let's be clear on that. #impeach45 #25thamendment
Cory. How do you think it would work out if the marine corps to ran out of TAMPONS while they were taking fire in a muddy ditch somewhere?
the military is about sacrifice before self.  Gender dysphoria should be a disqualifying condition.
Then Mattis is wrong as well since he recommended the change. What were his confirmation numbers again?
When are ignorant and disrespectful people like you I'm going to learn that God made a man and a woman with a different sex organ..for life
more transgender volunteers. Only. Period. Stop. The pres. is wrong and his statement is hot air, not supported by Congress or Military.
Patriotism, bravery, and service do not depend upon gender identity. Anyone who steps up to serve should be honored and welcomed.
You don't care about LGBT. Just pandering to your shrinking base.
his input is the only believable source, and that is not what he said. he did say he'd like a 6 month pause to assess taking more
Trump also taking away a job opportunity, a move that benefits no one. Thanks for supporting all Americans & job seekers, Cory!
The president opens mouth, and never gets it right. I can't believe a thing he says, Nor should anyone until you hear from General Mattis,
Please get him out of office, can we revoke his citizenship, deport him to a boat in the middle of sea.
They have my respect I just don't want to pay for theur sex change
If you serve in the ditch, you would know the real truth. Gays have a tough price on military, trans will make it harder. Moral will be weak
ARE*
NO THE FUCK THEY ARE NOT, CORY!! THEY ATE WALKING DISTRACTIONS WITH HUGE EGOS WITH SOMETHING TO PROVE AND NO VALUE TO ADD. HEROES MY ASS!!

Transgenders in the military?   Read this. https://twitter.com/jrsalzman/status/890233643179716608 …
high profile celebrity @Caitlyn_Jenner got exactly who she voted for... welcome to the real world Caitlyn.. it's ugly and brutal.
He is always wrong!
Why don't your sissy boys defend America
We will need more leadership from you & your colleagues guide your constituents in what to do to make the change needed @potus is wrong
Don't see trump boys in service do we
This is so wrong what @Potus is suggesting. Thank you @CoryBooker for speaking out.
@SabrinaSiddiqui   Dear God, DT has lost his Rabbit ass Mind!
Impeach Him Please.
Trump avoid NAM .During  02 war debate @GWBLibrary  only 1 sen. had child serving, no reps (now McCain's @McCainJack do) Let's #honorservice
He will back with this position
Americans hv their hds n th sand if they think tht trans ppl hv always frm th beg served n our military STAY WOKE PEOPLE
Crazy decision.
Says the same guy that voted to cut funding on equipment to keep the hero's safer.
Trans ppl serve to have their surgery paid for, its not a necesity. I serve and we all wanted this, you have no idea what i like in the mil
@CoryBooker I don't want my tax dollars paying for transgender needs in the military or prisons. That is a choice not a right.
Amen to that. They risk their life. More than I can say about @realDonaldTrump the Quack
#Impeachtrumptheidiot
Y doesn't he go make a law that actually means something, or has value to all Americans?!  Oh that's right he can't, he's not smart enough!!
@realDonaldTrump is wrong on everything. That makes him consistent
Thank You Mr. Booker
Five time draft dodger & sexual assaulter along with fellow bigot @MikePenceVP have insulted these Patriots. @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Why does he put people down. Who does he uplift. Everyone is beneath him in his minds eye.  Only he is great. Not.
These men and women are willing to risk their lives for their country. They should be applauded, not denigrated. #transrightsarehumanrights
Why do we have to have prejudice against anyone. Why is 45 always promoting bias, racially, economically, and socially. He always put ppldwn
#CoryInTheHouse2020
lowercase trump is a capital C Chump
@becceryoung
Then do something about it? Actions speak louder than words?
Infinitely wrong in any permutation. We are subject to the whims of a fucknut lunatic & nothing is being done. This is a State of Emergency.
Trump is sliding down the rabbit hole again....we need not follow him!
As a veteran I say if you're willing & able to pull the trigger when needed, YOUR MY BATTLE BUDDY! Trump needs to send his sons & daughters
Into harm's way! Their a family of COWARDS, willing to sit back & let others take the DEADLY risk of serving! Take the oath & your A HERO!
Donald Trump is ignorant and insecure
Since you know so much about transgender what will they decide when in battle will they be men or women or something in between
NO IF TAXES PAY FOR SEX CHANGES
Thank God we have a president that cares
Cory please help us. He is insane.
#HateTrumpsEquality #BigotryTrumpsEquality
Just joining to basically get a free surgery is what's wrong here. Cmon Booker
so your okay with taxpayer funded sex change operations?smh
You are SO CORRECT!
Vote him out in 2020 he is showing us every day that he is a fake and a con we don't want a President like this potus u see how he lies.

The other 99.99% of service members have rights also! Did you ask for their opinion?
A soldiers job is to follow orders not espouse their political views. I honorably served, and military is not place for social experiments
When will this nightmare end? @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP #Standup4HumanRights you are #Complicit @realDonaldTrump #unhinged #unfit #RiseUp
Your a fraud Cory
Trump's ignorance is disgusting. Why do we continue to allow our govt to move backwards. We cannot allow this continued assault on decency.
#potus. I think he wants us not to talk about Russia today. @vp. @GeorgeTakei   Worst president ever.  Ugh.
