The last time a presidential firing raised this many questions, America was in the middle of the #Watergate crisis.
The need for an independent special counsel to investigate Russian interference in the US election is even more urgent now.
The Russians undermined our election—how exactly they were able to do that with so much success is a question we need to answer.
Comey wasn't investigating anything. He was a director not an investigator. Stop fueling the mainstream medias false narratives!
@realDonaldTrump 45 is fully aware that not ALL Americans are blind to his shenanigans & cognizant of his deceitful ways! #BOOKER2020
Forget Russia for a second. Trump has interfered with a federal investigation against *himself*. How is this not an impeachable offense?
Everyone cool off. The FBI continues--any investigation continues. In fact this almost guarantees Trump is clean or he'd never have done it
You should have those eyes covered in your avi pic instead of the headphones because you're blind as hell if you believe that
Dude, the Director does NOT investigate, he delegates everything.
Comey, Yates and Clapper, all testified, they got nothing on Trump
They didn't ask Yates about Russia did they? They asked about the Muslim ban thing, & then the cowards Cruz & co got up and left. Your blind
Constitutionally, @POTUS has the authority.   This is nothing but political smear, American people are tired of insubordination; propaganda.
Comey said there was no investigation, stop spreading lies
The FBI Director doesn't investigate ANYTHING, his field agents do.  Try to keep up, it's getting sad how foolish Democrats sound these days
Not really bro, the documents are all still there for you aholes to look for something criminal. What a waste of tax payers money.
So you have so little faith in the rank and file, as well as the remaining Officials at the FBI that they CANNOT do investigation w/o Comey?
An investigation that you seemingly can't give us evidence that was taking place.
You lost! This is all you have to cling to! Haha 8 years of pain. Enjoy!
Or not
The person heading the agency conducting a counterintelligence investigation of the Russians, which may or may not touch the campaign
You mean the person Democrats wanted fired back in October 2016?
Only alarm bells across the country were answered when Trump was elected as President.  Alarms had been going for years before...
@realDonaldTrump World is watching. POTUS fired 4 people connected to Russia. Evident he doesn't want us to know.
Ring ring ring... ringing the Russian bell. Dems are TOTALLY screwed if there are no Russian ties found. They have NO message except Russia!
Another trial balloon!
So what is your intention in reply to this?
And it does, sir!
Trump has committed 3 counts of obstruction of justice and treason and more, now we should also hold the greed republicans accountable, out
Impeach #45 now and demand a special prosecutor.
Americans demand a completely independent investigation and a Special Prosecutor! We deserve the truth! We are watching you!
President Trump is a great President, 109changes for the better. The news needs to report the truth, proven facts, not lies & speculation.
was only a matter of time, sir. Please be our voice!
He also fired the guy who said he wouldn't prosecute Hillary - - are we being set up for a bigger distraction?
How is that not obstruction of justice. He must be impeached
It certainly has! The question now for you and the other members of Congress ... what will you DO? @CoryBooker 
Wrong Cory Booker
Wrong Lynn O'Brien
A special prosecutor is needed.
Please appoint a special prosecutor.
Makes u wonder what's he hiding behind the doors of the white house one does ponder
They're ringing.
Get ready for the fight @SenBookerOffice  Do it for all US citizens
Who starts the investigation into #TrumpRussia - House or Senate?
Across the world.
Please Senator be unrelenting and demand #SpecialProsecutor.  Then #ImpeachTrump
Doesn't pass the smell test does it?
And nothing will happen. He'll appoint one of his guys. Business as usual
it wants to appoint that mobster Giuliani to kill the investigation!
Shocker
@LegalEagle60 @POTUS this is a fire siren!!!! Alarm bells were long ago!
Ding ding ding ding ding ding ding!!
.Then meets with Lavrov the very next day.  Will he be giving suggestions?
Should change of LOCK HIM UP start now??  Watergate looks clean in comparison
Alarm bells have been ringing for months... when will they go off for the GOP? Keep up the fight, our country is in serious danger...
This is getting a little too scary. We r the United States of America! Wtf!?
No, we are no longer the United States of America. As long as trump sits in the WH, we are the United States of Russia!
Well my fear is how correct u are! How'd all the @GOP watch RedDawn and actually root against TheWolverines I Joke otherwise I'll freak out
I know exactly what you mean. My fear energizes me. We are on the right side of history, We the ppl shall prevail!
Seriously hope ur right
America  became a great nation because of its ppl. Those who put themselves in harm's way & those who stand up for them!
It was the media & massive protests that exposed Watergate for failure to act! Will GOP put country over politics? It's their choice!

This should tell all he is alarmed,taking action,circling his wagons,&showing signs of WH withdrawing from "normal" gov't.
You seem like a leader Senator Booker & country needs one now to force checks & balances to be applied to save our Democracy. God's speed 
That's not a threat, that's a promise!
Alarm bells are loud & clear of what has to be done. If @congressdotgov does not do their job, we the ppl will do it for them.
@alaskier @POTUS  Jersey or not...... your vote for big pharma? 
   Blow me.
Do something!
IT IS...it's RINGING LOUD! And now important to have independent prosecutor to investigate Trump's ties to Russia
thank you for speaking out!
It is.
We are calling, we are rallying, we are boycotting, we are swinging left and sister districting. But what else can we do?
WHY NO ALARMS IN THIS GOVERNMENT!!!!!
Better set em off in the god-damned SENATE!
This is terrifying. Very thankful to have good honest people like @CoryBooker fighting for democracy! #Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump
Please demand an independent council to investigate the Russian hacking. Please!
But you told voters to ignore Comey investigating Hillary during General?!  
Please make sure u vote for Special Prosecutor.  It's very urgent
It should, but will it?!
Oh it will!!!!! #TheResistance
It should have set off alarm bells when Comey gave an asinine reason why HC shouldn't be prosecuted.
It does set off alarm bells!! #TrumpRussia #Putin
#Trump is a #Dictator.. #NotMyPresident #America #Amerikkka
And in such a low-class way. Not even inform the guy before going public.
I demand a special prosecutor now 
Trump using excuses months old is really obstruction justice- Session who "recused" proved he didn't recuse
We need an independent prosecutor.  The DOJ and FBI are compromised. Enough is enough.
And a lot of screaming
He's following the Dictator Playbook Manual, read the Chapter CYA, just sayin'. Will fill the slot w/a "yes" man to @POTUS, his next move!!
Why aren't the democrats in an emergency meeting?
what are you going to do about this besides tweet? #impeachment
We already had a room full of alarm bells.  Enough.  You and your colleagues need to band together and somehow force things through. Action!
@CNN @MSNBC @FoxNews  So true Sen Booker has some synergy to the Nixon days.! Has Trump and the admin have something to hide. Tax returns!!
Should also bring charges against Sessions, who recused himself from the investigation but then stepped in and prompted Trump to fire him
The USA people NEED 2 demand answers, this includes politicians Dems & Reps! EVERYONE NEEDS to be concerned here! #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!! DON'T TWEET, ACT. YOU'RE A SENATOR!!!! DEMAND A INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION!!!!
Fired the person who saved HRC from indictments
No worries @SenBookerOffice. AG appointed his deputy to handle the investigation he recused himself from. FBI can do the same. Duh.
And who gets to appoint his replacement??  That has me even more worried.
False, Any pending investigation will be finished!
Maybe next time get the president his Attorney General (and deputy AG) more quickly and it won't take so long.
It has.
Well what would you like us all 2 do? Seeing as how Congress is suppose 2b our 1st line of defense, but you all seem 2b lost all the same!
Get him out!  Impeach!
My alarm bells have been going off for months, Sen. Booker. Today as always, Donald Trump is an incompetent, lying, narcissistic sociopath.
just six months ago half your party pubicly called for his firing
Hypocrits
Should set off alarm bells in maj party. Sadly, they stick w the horse they rode in on, tho' that horse is turning out to be a honey badger
@LiuWendy8 @POTUS Amen!!!! WTF is happening up there? We are ALL gonna be screwed! 
Oh please, we all enjoy some bananas with our republic
This entire situation is so frustrating.
Five alarm bridge is closed in Jersey alarms!!
@teganandsara @POTUS alarm bells have been going off incessantly since Nov 8! What's being done about it?!?
It has. Now we need our elected representatives to do more than talk about it.
#Impeach. Something fishy is going on. Time to end this disaster.
On the advice of a person only on job for 2 weeks?Was able to literally fire the FBI Director?Can we hire Rosenstein to head impeachment?
He seems a guy that can get things done!
But what can #WeThePeople do? Seems like we take 2 steps forward then three backwards. This is so frustrating!
Can u actually do something about this???? When will u all step up. Democracy is crumbling on UR watch.
Needing a few million folks to show up in DC demanding this madness stop ASAP! It's time to be like Pops & Ma in the 60s.. prorest! Massive!
Come on make some noise about this!!!
With all due respect, Senator, the only place alarm bells aren't ringing are in the legislative branch. If they had been we wouldn't be here
It does set off bells. Pres. Trump went from mocking handicap ppl, to attacking every skin color,also bragging on grabbing a woman by the P
To trying to Destroy every1 in his path; That stood for 1 Thing;JUSTICE. He attacked Curiel; saying he pissed I'm building a wall.No,MR.PRES
Through Trump Univ; you destroyed lives. FBI Coney; Destroyed HC 4 You. You get rid of Him,Invest-U. Ties; Russia. Your trying 2 STOP TRUTH
YOU HAVE DESTROYED ALL PROGRESS ppl in US has obtained; For your Personal & Political Gain.Lie to Ppl;Blame every1;UR Responsible.Puppet MST
It does, Senator. We The People are counting on you to use the power with which we've entrusted you to demand an independent investigation.
I stand by you I agree with my fellow Americans Sir we need you Senator the  American people  has spoken
We are counting on you Senator to lead the fight against this obvious obstruction. Thank you for your service
We need a special prosecutor
Independent investigation immediately
What happens next?
