yes were a country of immigrants but has anybody read the history of Ellis island
Thank you for having the guts to stand up to this evil man & his enablers, Pence & Ryan.
Are you threatening a US Senator with violence?
anytime. I've work with dozens every day for decades. I know these people, you know propaganda only
Very fake news, dear.
Thank you for standing up for immigrants. I hope many others will join you.
I find it sad & appalling that you feel the need to threaten me bc my views differ from yours.
My dad came as a child from Lithuania. He followed the rules & learned English. No more 911
four years cannot come soon enough
please help get him out of office.
you should probably sleep in a tent at the airport. That seemed to get idiots to elect you 1st time
I can't believe they put a racist madman in the White House!
@POTUS44 invoked 6 times same section of 1952 Act to ban certain aliens from entering the US. Forgot so soon?
Where are our American ideals?
is this legal? I've heard some EOs need to be voted on
what do we do besides writing our hands and tweeting about how horrible it is? WHAT CAN I DO RIGHT NOW???
how will you fight and how can we, the people, help fight too?
can you stop this?
We have to do something, this cannot be legal.These people have been vetted, have visas being held at airports
IMPEACH! There must be an effort to impeach NOW. This is beyond terrifying.
Thank you for this important message. I assume that you will immediately introduce legislation to override EO.
What are you doing about it? We demand action! After the Muslims who is next? What value is next?
Poverty Pimp @SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker Living Off Of Misery

Failure In Newark
Failure as US Senator

Voted With Iran Against America
Please continue to fight and tell us what we can do.
. Good. Trump needed to start somewhere. Can't make everyone happy. look what happened stopped people entering.
Thank you for your tireless efforts to uphold our democracy.  May God give you the strength you need, every day
what's the policy at Newark Liberty Airport now ?
to make a diff we are inspiring ppl to show more care towards one another. #heartunot #relationships #greetings
his  job is to protect Americans from both foreign and domestic
Horrific. Fight Hitler wannabe Agenda!
do something about this now! Where are the democrats!
-Immigration Ban Is Illegal - total against our ideals
Great move on Trump's part. You are fighting a losing battle Booker. Your testimony on Sessions was asinine!!!!
So proud....Donald Trump is President.....not Obama or Hillary....Thanking God for his hearing our begging and pleading!!!!!!
Get Booker out of America too.
he has just given the racists the go ahead to racial profile. Praying for you America! very concerned Canadian!
isn't there anything Dem MoC can DO NOW? Sit-in?Gather in front of the WH? Plz show us action, this is horrific
I live in 08108, btw. Thank you for all you're doing so far - this calls for something visible and vocal NOW.
This is breaking my heart. What is happening to the US?
temporary till better venting
Trump needs to be "humanized"
He's been removed from humanity too long in his Tower. Have him meet some immigrant families
you explain to the next family this happens to on "who we are" ! You are a putz!
http://conservativeworlddaily.com/muslim-migrants-gang-rape-woman-hours-live-stream-facebook/ …
may goodness and mercy prevail
#ResistTrump #resist
it is your job to fucking save us right now Cory booker. Be the hero some of us thought or think you may be.
BOOKER AND YOU LIBS ARE LOST!! ASK THE FAMILIES OF MURDERED FAMILY MEMBERS HOW THEY FEEL!!
take your propaganda and go. Seen the same post 1000 times. You only care for white families.
To all you dreamers ask FRANCE,GERMANY AND BELGIUM ABOUT REFUGEES AND HOW THEY NOW HAVE CHANGED THEIR POLICY!
Ms13 killed innocent people in your state YOU HAVE BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS!!!!!!
Maybe the lights on the Statue of Liberty be dimmed until this order is reversed.
To deny that Moslem refugees commit terrorist acts is to deny history. You are even dumber than people say.
read some statistics and then get back to me or do you prefer #alternativefact ? Like @POTUS
in 2016 there were 1274 Islamic attacks, which killed 11774 people and wounded 14303.
How about THOSE statistics? No more importing Islamic terrorism! It ends now!
this is what congressman do now?  You need to stand up against trump and his minions and protect us

lying fear mongers. Dems twisting facts. Booker 3 yrs & zero bills passed. Ur init for Ur self. Talk is cheap
keep retweeting ur voice gets smaller. The American people want safety& ur solutions r old outdated don't work
As s Canadian I am afraid. DJT brings us all fear and concern about our futures. We love and need America xo
please fight this new executive order - refugees need safe havens, shutting these people out is not the answer.
I am proud that you are my Senator. Keep standing up for what is right.  We have your back.
Yeah, except for that double crossing pharma thing.
Cory Trump is a genius and you are acting quite the fool. Your career will be a vision that is behind you. You just cant be this ignorant.
please work against all these injustices that are going on. We can't let our country die.
Hack.
thank you for speaking up.  With so much hate it's hard to see hope. Stay strong
Can you tell us what Rs are against this? What should we do to fight back? Ppl outraged, but we need leadership
Thank you for standing for human decency
stay strong Sen. Booker, well done!
You missed the point.
why r people so against a boarder to protect our country, when they have fences around their homes?
people who don't want a broader, take down your fences and don't lock your doors let people come in illegally to your home
Who cares? Your using Ann Frank's death to advance your agenda just ended your political career
return BIGPharma cash all of their money and we will believe anything you say Cory. You First Sir,,
Do it now Corry! We have lost our trust in u.
Thanks for writing this. A thoughtful and accurate response to a completely thoughtless action
our current POtuS only deserves three letters in his acronym.
It's actually "you're a genius". And you're correct!
MAY G-D help us.
Please stop Trump before it is to late!
i thought the congress had Assyrian on these things. Were is our congress
Thank you!
Yes everybody wants to hear about your self serving wannabe POTUS BS you already lost
can they stay in your neighborhood?
Good!
please do something about this. We're counting on your leadership.
thank you for speaking out against this tyrant.
Tell that to France and Germany!! What planet are you living on???

where is your concern for the homeless vets? You got to do more than than.. safe spaces not refugees!
