Obstruction of justice does NOT require proof that justice was obstructed — only that a person endeavored to influence or impede justice 2/
In other words, a President trying to derail, influence, chill, direct a federal investigation … that’s obstruction of justice. 3/
We already knew Trump told then FBI Director James Comey: "I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go.” 4/
Now, Comey testified that he took Trump’s actions to be “direction” to the FBI Director to drop the investigation into Flynn  5/
A reminder that it’s not just Flynn- other Trump associates are reported to have undisclosed communications w/ Russian officials. 6/
Under oath, Sessions failed to divulge meeting with the Russian ambassador, which led to his recusal from the Russia investigation 7/
It’s also been reported Kushner is under FBI scrutiny re: Russia investigation & that he pushed for Comey’s firing. 8/
Comey testified multiple times today that he believes Trump fired him to relieve pressure on the Russian investigation  9/
Trump even said so himself, in an interview with Lester Holt  10/
So do not let anyone minimize the importance of Comey’s testimony. It is profoundly consequential. 11/
Comey’s testimony lays out a strong case that @POTUS has obstructed justice & violated the trust of the American people. 12/
The work of justice will continue. Those who’ve done wrong –be it Trump associates or @realDonaldTrump himself– must be held to account 13/
The truth will prevail.  14/14
If Trump really thinks he leaked or lied, why not prosecute him?
Lol. Catch up dude. He just filed with the DOJ. Comey is toast. 18US641 read it.
Frank - So they are bringing charges? Must have missed that.
Comey created false validation in media by using staff of law school, violated USA Constitution in @FBI leaked memos
Only gave the non classified memo. Some were classified but at least 1 was not
 investigative protocols were failed. Federal Employees are bound by law & credentials. Fired Comey
Geez open ears. Trump himself said he fired him over Russia investigation. Period. Nothing after that matters. He gave his reason.
#comey attempted to link @potus to Dems mass disruption of election efforts; Dems own manipulations surfaced, Obama sabotaged own party.
Doctor might help with that! Does it hurt?
"In the end, Comey provides evidence of Loretta Lynch's obstruction -- not Trump's. Wow. This hearing was a disaster for the Democrats."
Haha we didn't watch the same hearing. "I'm sure Mueller is investigating Trump for OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE"-COMEY
This is great but when will Dem leadership start naming names Senate colleagues who CONTINUALLY turn blind eye 2 unprecedented malfeasance
What does one have to do w/the other? If I say to you HRC is corrupt, Trump is still a traitor. Ur false equivalency is a see thru diversion
If Hillary can be taken to court, found guilty, so be it. But right now, the more immediate issue is whether trump &/or anyone around him /1
Are guilty if colluding or obstruction or whatever else they may find.  He is making choices (bad ones) for this country.
Actually, he didn't. But if that helps you sleep at night.
How could people still stand for Trump. After this testimony
Senator Booker, will the Repubs do anything about this?
Not unless their jobs or reputation are clearly on the line.
Put fear into the @GOP

the #BlueWave has already started! Join us for the next push: 

June 20, #VoteYourOssoff and #RaiseHellWithParnell

.... why are we not using this & his obvious obstruction of justice as grounds for impeachment? WHY!? #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Answer!  House GOP/Paul Ryan!
Yes ..  @SpeakerRyan needs Trump to pass all these destructive bills & honor his PAC 
Really Obama committedtreason but I guess yall just want to lick his ass. Traitor ass people. Just because the working Americans voted Trump
If he had, wouldn't a Republican controlled Senate and Congress have done something about it?

Also, on what grounds do you claim treason?
Trying to justify current admin actions. Deflection not a good defense.
This is all serious but more important is the statement that the Russians have and will continue to meddle in our elections.
Obstruction and collusion aside Russian influence needs to be stopped and should be a concern of both parties.
Should be. But since they helped the party that has spent decades openly trying to achieve a "permanent majority" by illicit means....
Well, Cory, & Mr. Sulu, you clearly weren't watching the same hearings I was, because that's all D.C. BS. Oh my. Get a room.
Then the question should be asked of you, on what grounds can you claim it was BS? You have proof of the contrary? If so, why withhold it?
Sorry Dude I lost my trust in you.
Time for @SenateDems and @HouseDemocrats to "go low "
The government corruption lies at Loretta Lynch's door. "Be sure your sins will find you out."
Booker, you are as crooked and evil as Obama! You are no leader, but a dictator wannabe
Go after Loretta Lynch for telling Comey to call Clinton investigation a "matter" and meeting with Hillary's husband
Give it a rest. Can we please concentrate on more important matters?
What hearing did you watch? Comey is toast. Read 18US641 then listen to what Comey said what and how he leaked property of US Gov. Not good.
Booker  all you dimms need to return to the cave
No he didn't your political hopes are not legal reasoning
I hope u plan on standing up to the president on this issue and don't sweep it under the rug as you've done with all of his other screw ups
At the least... Abuse of Power.   Aim for the 25th Amendment!!!
No.The one takeaway was that the former FBI DIR. Leaked info to the press.
@SandyJamison3 @syrhc_ @CNNPolitics @mcspocky he chose to ignore the law shows, imo, willful intent to break said law.
Hilarys email server wasnt criminal because we don't know her intent, but u want 2 impeach because a fired guy thought "hope" was a threat
2/ @SandyJamison3 @syrhc_ @CNNPolitics @mcspocky with Mr. Comey. Comey told him this at while Trump was still a candidate. The fact that
1/ @SandyJamison3 @syrhc_ @mcspocky @CNNPolitics Truth be told Trump had *no" business trying to discuss an ongoing investigation
So you're going after Lynch and Comey?
If Trump doesn't under political boundaries, respect law, or military- how is he qualified for being President of the US? He's not.
Have to admit that I am losing faith in our government.
Sorry Senator-"Alan Dershowitz: History, precedent and James Comey's opening statement show that Trump did not obstruct justice"
No evidence of obstruction of justice. Stop with the lies.
1/ 100% on point. thank you!!  but u know the republicans have no backbone and as long as they are pushing their agenda forward without
And remember the hearings the day before, Coates, Rogers didn't want to answer a simple question regarding that.
booker are you even a democrat anymore?
@realDonaldTrump sure has a lot of comrades among the American people who are happy to see him selling out the USA to Russia
Cory give Jared his money back first than we'll talk
But what about his kids, ya know your friends?
GOP thinks they can just ignore TREASON.  Good thing new cop on beat.
Thx for the breakdown, but honestly, it appears the Senate @GOP are still trying to divert back to HRC emails.  What will be accomplished?
Let's be clear @JamesComeyFBI #cleared @realDonaldTrump & showed that the true villain is in the last #administration this is a #WitchHunt
your so full of it!!!
Cory tossed everyone who worked for him to the wolfs While Cory pocketed money from his firm which is illegal while mayor never reported
But most of his employees all were charged while he was not because he was the weasel He was giving immunity  #GoldenWeasel
These are the people the left want,He was in line to be Clintons VP but he had to much dirt on his hands,But now acts like he is innocent

How did you get out of the watershed scandal,Did you Obstruct justice,Did you make a deal,You should watch that glass house
This being your former staff
Or this
Cory is this you,Should you be in that seat Or jail
I love watching the left wing nuts loose it when they have nothing they are like crows They will TRY and grab at anything,
Cory that left wing nut seat your sitting in is going to tip over,You better look up Obstruction of Justice,Or have a aid do it #NUTCASE
I would really like to understand your new friendship with the Trump's.
Focus Mr. Booker, Comey basically admitted to being a democratic shill. The whole Russia campaign is just disgruntled loosers. Are you one?
No he didn't. Find a new witch hunt. Or better yet, why don't you govern?
You need to stop your backing of Jared before you cannot wash the stank of their money off!
@b_ofrights @kittenninja42 @TrueFactsStated  Well presented thread by @SenBookerOffice
The takeaway from #ComeyHearings today –> former FBI Director established a foundation for obstruction of justice charge against @POTUS 1/
The burden of proof is NOT as easily established with a sitting President.
False
Amen!
Sen. Booker You could have been somebody significant but instead you turned into just another mindless political hack. Sad.
No he didnt
You really don't understand what obstruction of justice is.. I'm not even a senator or a lawyer and I can figure that one out..
OR, you can just move to Canada...  no funny business going on here 
The question is not what happened,the question is why was #trump trying to protect mike flynn or himself #ComeyDay
Like you care? You are just another politician in their pocket.  Washout!
Bullshit!
Yes foundation of obstruction between comey and lynch
What have you had to drink? Not happening and who leaked a gov't document? Real trust worthy.....NOT!
45 did that the day he fired the FBI Director
There's no proof of obstruction because there is no obstruction , or attempt of it, just a former disgruntled employee that committed crimes
James Comey broke the law when he hand of government property in a leak to the media. Why do it? To bring on a criminal investigation
What was he watching liberals are living proof that ignorance is bliss!
The Dubious Friends of Donald Trump
Everyone should watch this. Informative. Explains a lot of the reasons for what is going on now, and just how corrupt #45 has been for years
this is part 2 of that doc, i believe "ZEMBLA - The dubious friends of Donald trump: King of Diamonds"
i have feeling trump is contemplating fleeing to russia 2 avoid criminal and civil prosecution.
Trump could have gave general flynn pardon. Instead of saying he hoped the investigation would end ..
And yet Ryan thinks it's ok cause 45 still has his training wheels on.
The only thing Comey established was that he interpreted Trump's comment as a directive, but not even he could say it was obstruction.
....were you even following the testimony? lol
will you call for an investigation into Loretta lynchs interference?  Or do you not have integrity?
what happened to you? You were very center and had a bright future. The socialist must have you on a tight leash
what testimony did u listen to?  Take off the democratic blinders & clean out your ears. U r wrongbon so many levels
To which Comey was clear: Obama and Lynch ordered him to downplay the Clinton investigation
Both parties are collapsing as they focus on warring against one another instead of leading.  That's why I vote Libertarian.
I hope so. Ryan with his "Trump is new at this?"  At the expense of the American people?  Please, get him out of there!
And Loretta Lynch too.
You are obviously on crack.
#impeach
@Alyssa_Milano LOL. The spin version of events is very funny.
Yet, you are not ready for impeachment against your friend Ivanka's father.
Bullshit.  Trump didn't order #Comey to stop investigation.  Quit pretending he did.  Tired of Democratic innuendo and lies and smears.
You all want your buddies dictating the rules that will destroy our country 
You are a traitor
Just keep on #DREAMING , that's ALL you have left. #TRUMP 7 1/2 more years , it will take him that long to #PURGE America  FROM #LIBITARDS

lmao! cmon Cory , why is Lynch trending....she pressured #Comey in CLINTON "Matter"
Keep dreaming, Tinkerbell.
What planet are you living on? Suddenly, the self-described "snake" was a snowflake who was bullied into not doing his job? Laughable.
Are you drunk, high, or stupid? I heard the same testimony, and there was no evidence of obstructing justice
"Hope and Change" is OK for for Obama but "Hope" is a crime for Trump. You will not be reelected.
What! That's not what I got out of it.
Like not allowing the FBI to look at your servers
Former President Clinton was charged with perjury for making public statement LYING about affair, @realDonaldTrump PUBLICLY LIES constantly!
Like miss placing 50,000 emails
Or… https://twitter.com/i/web/status/872924553273630720 …
Like bill on the tarmac?
you are on target, please consider Running for President
we  need a man with vision and integrity.
I still think all the time on golf course is cover to talk to Russians.  He would be in better shape if he was seriously golfing.
When will stop defending trump and kushner!
Grow a pair it's not a "foundation" for obstruction of justice "it is" obstruction of justice-2 others>they are not falsehoods they are LIES
NO. But Comey established a foundation for obstruction of justice charge against Loretta Lynch.
"No, guys, let's focus on the half a percent of a testimony that supports my world view! Not the other, vastly more concerning 99.5%!"

Yes sir!
I have no faith that the GOP will do anything to protect us from the insanity this president rains down upon our country & the world.
Obama brokered midnight deals with sworn enemies, fostered deep state, slept thruBenghazi, was flexible with putin, yet u worry about trump?
Ya sure go back to bed
Might as well. You can't even argue your side anymore. Gnight
I don't think so
Even if u hate Hillary and want her dead what does that have to do with Trump giving our country away to Russia!
It's a piece of candy.
Thank you for working to keep justice and democracy preserving in this great nation.
Can't we just arrest this #KlanOfKleptocrats and make @SenAngusKing POTUS? He's a boss!
#WRONG #ComeyIsTheLeaker #CoryIsAClown
In your dreams Booker. But then you are a delusional Dem suffering from TDS.
Funny all those times #Trump asked if he was being investigated he wasn't. All that asking & now he will be. 
actually I think Comey testified that @realDonaldTrump did not ask and was told 3  he wasnt
Actually he said Lynch obstructed.
Funny how quick y'all acted when Clinton lied about a blow job. We were acted by a foreign enemy, and y'all say "it's disturbing" and do...
...Nothing!  How much more damage are you going to let this idiot do to our country?
Y is your head so tiny?
that it did! More to come and lies won't help. Grandmom use to say "gotta remember ea lie or trip up self". Got it
If not for Russia investigation, then definitely for the Flynn investigation.#heyheygoodbye.
Senator Booker... we need people like you to lead the charge in this. GOP will do nothing on their own, even vilify Comey for doing his job
But the GOP stands for God's Obstructionist Party.
It's more like concrete foundation! #45 is done! #impeachment
How do you figure?
Case is closed
I'm wondering, if he's impeached, how far down in his administration will they have to go to find someone not involved to take his place?
No case!
At this point Trump could rape Paul Ryan or Mitch McConnell and we wonder if either would back impeachment or press charges.
you are the man sir.   Thx you
No you're wrong Senator  --->
Senator James Risch questions Comey on @POTUS' use of the words “I hope you can let this go” in regards to dropping the Flynn probe. 
Nice job you got here. Hope you don't lose it.
You are living in a fantasy world snowflake
I'm old enough to remember Comey was the one getting betw Card/Gonzalez and a barely lucid+hospitalized John Ashcroft RE: NSA
I have no idea what the confusion is about! Trump fired comey FOR SPITE, not becoz he thought investigation WOULD STOP! Comey didn't listen
The question is will JUSTICE prevail? Everything you said is true. Justice requires action from the House - which seems extremely unlikely.
And implicated former AG in tampering with an election, and possibly collusion with Comey and HRC.
I think your reach has exceeded your grasp dear.
@GeorgeTakei Wish there were tapes! The final proof.
But GOP need to get on board for anything to happen. The division in this country -  never been more concrete. #distortedperceptions
With known Russia hacking US, why is it ok 45 & family have deep financial ties in Russia had private WH mtg w no US Press. That's vile
Booker: your 30 tweets=a big fat nothing 
How is a president obstructing justice on behalf of a foreign advisory "nothing"?
Which was somehow incomprehensible to the mentally ill.
Well most of the rest of the country sees it differently but I give you "A" for effort #ComeyHearings
https://www.trumpcaretoolkit.org/  Call these Senators and STOP TRUMPCARE.  Cory you need to raise the alarm.  A vote is coming!
Only if you mean Pres Obama, THAT POTUS. Absolutely obstruction of justice.
What did he obstruct?
But will he be held accountable? The GOP CLEARLY don't care & have done NOTHING to remove TRAITORS from the White House! #complicitTraitors!
Bc they are in this mess up to their necks. And their care more about party ideology that country.
Naw, they're all dirty. POTUS goes down, they're in flames next. Typical CYA maneuvering.
More partisan BS from Sen Booker. Throwing out unfounded charges w/ ZERO proof. What abt Comey leaks & him lying under oath. No credibility.
Is #currentpotus DJT aka The Moscowian-candidate?Ucranian /crimean-candidate? Heading to Siberian-candidate. #reSign #Covfefe =KhoPhiPhi Thx
The first Senator to say it
Shouldn't Sessions be held accountable for leaving room when Trump wanted to be alone with Comey? Shouldn't he have told Trump that is wrong
you mean Loretta Lynch right?
