TOM PRICE RESIGNS http://politi.co/2fFoHUi  
No part of any Government in this Country stops people from aquiring Health insurance. Not having a job or willing to pay for it does.
You wanted Obama care.. you got it.. it's your baby..dude.
Thank you all lawmakers who protect healthcare of Americans under the #ACA
The website has never ran efficiently, from day one it has had issues. Kind of like anything Dems touch.
Its appearing tht th more 45&GOP pursue their oppressive revisionist agenda th more th American ppl push back HARDER 
You mean "pay for healthcare with taxpayer money"...right?
Why should taxpayers pay for others' healthcare when they can't afford their own? Communism at work? You are one of those?

What are you smoking? Sniffing? Better stop so you can see what's really happening.
you all can't stop this people are going to die this is so unforgiving
good 
The middle class hasn't been able to afford Obamacare for years! I call on you to drop your healthcare and take on unsubsidized Obamacare!!

Fake news as usual.
Why doesnt Senate dems work with trump on anything? Do YOU put America first?
are you kidding me?! the ACA has been failing since the roll-out, you sabotaged the American people when you let it pass in first place!
The ACA is the law. Did not @realDonaldTrump  take an oath to uphold and protect the law?
ACA is unconstitutional.
Not according to the Supreme Court
We beg of you, get impeachment rolling. Trump is downright dangerous.
When is Obama paying us back for the pizza?
IMPEACH TRUMP! WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!!!!! JEEZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Trump is not sabotaging anything! The Republicans are trying to fix the broken ACA that the Democrats forced on us all.
They only work for the rich. Helping anyone else would be out of the question.
They also have to stop sabotaging the CSR payments to the insurers!!!
ACA sabotaged my fantastic insurance plan i had 6 years ago. Our families have gone bankrupt when you forced the craven obamacare on us
Blah blah blah Cory...
Repeal ACA. Stop the madness.
Cory, U must not have received the memo from Bernie and the BIG "O" that aca was designed to fail in order to enact the single payer plan.
It is not being sabotaged, the only ones that want it won't have to pay for it themselves.
You sabotaged #Obamacare the moment you voted for it. You want it to fail so you can go #SinglePayer but you also thought #Hillary would win
Boy, remember when that happened, like, 3 eternities ago? Sigh.
Shouldn't need any help. Dems aid what they had was the save all for insurance. Course you don't have to worry. U have a special plan 4 u
Dudes, go to work so it wont look like anyone is sabotaging anything. Respectfully. :)
goodbye Price. disgraceful.
How do we get the $$$ back?
You Dems made Obamacare so if it won't be repealed the Dems just live with it.  Americans health lays on you.
Americans must assume since Democrats have not offered a single 'adjustment' to Obamacare that all is well..well, 2018 will tell the story.
At who's cost.  Taxpayers  I no longer have copays.. have much higher rates. No one is  fighting for my family
So true, they need to start thinking of the American people not themselves
Mr Booker. What health insurance do you use and why was Congress exempt from Obamacare.. I will keep also asking because no one answers
AMEN!
Maybe you should call for @SenatorMenendez to resign if he is convicted!

#Hypocrite
If only we had herds of CO2-breathing unicorns!
NEXT!!
IVANKA
ERIC
JARROD
AND THE CREW
Best way to accomplish that....
IMPEACH and
CONVICT 
THE SCOURGE 
HIMSELF AND HIS PACK!!!
Doubtful.

Cory you are such a phony your day will come you hypocrite
You mean instead of trying to take it away from them?
Puff
They all go out the servants door
B/c the American ppl do not want ACA which is far from affordable. We already have Medicaid n emergency rooms for ppl who need help. No more
@SenateDems @politico Now that ur leaving to anthr self interest job, u get  & say something! Take Cruz w/u!
@SenateDems Cory THIS is UR parties FAILURE
Have you thought that if both parties would work together maybe we could get a health care that would work
You mean insurance, right?  That we can't afford?
Yes, #MedicareForAll
You have some nerve to complain after CONTINUING to refusing to allow our veterans onto the ACA Senator. Some nerve indeed!
You mean the healthcare you all told us would be virtually free and cause premiums to go down $2500?  That healthcare?
The obmamacare that caused my premiums to go up 100% and deductible up 400%?  That healthcare?
The healthcare my dad was told he could no longer have because the government didn’t like it even though he was happy with it?
The healthcare that destroyed my widowed aunt’s budget by premiums skyrocketing and deductible going to $10000?  That healthcare? Spare me.
45 doing everything to disembowel the ACA. He's cut funding to assist in enrollment, he is shutting down http://hc.gov  for hours
We need to tweak the ACA, no need to waste time and $ starting from scratch.
@SenateDems @politico  So where is the other $949,000 coming from? I think it shud come out of DJT inaug. slush fund. He hiredhim
That is not going to happen!! He has an agenda to destroy this country and he's well on his way!!
Wait,  you mean not everyone is on Obama care yet??? That's right because it sucks. Can't sabatoge something that was built to fail.
Exactly!!!!  Why do people need healthcare now that Obamacare is in place? Wasn’t it the solution to 100% coverage?
If Republicans do not impeach him for Sabotaging ACA, they will ALL be held responsible for any deaths. It's intentional murder.
@politico 
Trump must stop sabatoging Obama care. Americans are depending on it for their families care! 
He is killing people!!!
Maybe if both sides put their parties aside and worked for the better of the people things would get better.
That's not gonna happen. Register for #ACA before November 1st.
Now Price needs to be fully investigated. Full VETTED.
couldn't agree more senator! so much could be done...especially providing the necessary services for the elderly as well as those suffering physically and emotional due to the effects of domestic violence...
Price should be tried for stealing from American taxpayers. Plain and simple. He was corrupt when he was put on the position.
That is not going to happen. Beware who he decides to put in Price's place.
Amen, Senator. Amen.
