Hawaii district court ruling based on #FirstAmendment #EstablishmentClause. Blocked provisions of #MuslimBan disfavor Muslims. 
Establishment Clause is suspended at border crossings?
.@ACLU serious question: 1rst amend applies 2 citizens so how does this apply 2 non? Am I missing something?
What you're missing is that the 1st Amendment does not apply ONLY to citizens. It applies to non-citizens, too. More...
thank U. Can U direct me 2 that particular section? My constitutional law is rusty
Sure! Actually, I can point to about a dozen U.S. Supreme Court decisions that address it. Perhaps you could show me...
...where in the 1st Amendment it specifies it only applies to citizens.
My assumption that it's U. S. Constitution only. We don't impose it on other countries. I could be wrong...
I think some confusion is because we tend to consider the Bill of Rights as merely a list of rights we have. It's more than...
...that. It's  also a list of limits on government action. It's that aspect that's a problem in these cases. We can certainly

ACLU WANTS TO BRING SHARIA LAW TO USA... DO SINE RESSARXH BEFORE SUPPORTTING  ACLU THEY ARE NOT EHAT THEY WERE
I live in Europe and you people are fools. You have no idea how bad it will get. Take it from someone who's living it
this is the stuff that sets precident and makes it into the right side of history books
YAY NOW WE CAN HAVE SHARIA LAW IN USA...
Maryland girl allegedly raped in high school bathroom by2 teens, at least one here illegally
@franglophonic on a related note, over a billion Muslims got through today without blowing someone up.
they wait a few days
So we are unable to fight enemies who happen to be religious fanatics. We can't even vet them? You damn fools.
The U.S. government has no duty to protect the religious rights of those outside the country who are not civilians
Why keep calling it what it is not?
@altFBI basically calling b.s. On ignoring context when reviewing the words of an official doc.
Like pages 10-12...use @realDonaldTrump's words against him.  We know why he made the ban that way.
-raises three fingers in the air- I VOLUNTEER AS REASONABLE, OBJECTIVE OBSERVER! #hungergames #IRL (born in Hawaii, too!)
...concluded being it , A political Decision ( on top the possible signs of bias )  MAGA !
...without any base Nor in order itself  nor in implementation , is a fundamentally apparent  weakness in decision , that may lead...
Well but again the conclusions, Are based  on irrelevant event's to  specific order , Relying solely on this un related evidence ...
indeed it was-specifically to begin Muslim exclusion with these six countries...more wld follow
the 45 presidency is 100% one foot in a never ending #1amendment #establishment hole!
@jorgeramosnews Muslim should be ban there a cancer to the planet ..crusades duuu look it up
@jorgeramosnews The ACLU causes many questionable decisions to be made, but takes no responsibility when those decisions go wrong.
still to see anything going wrong. I guess you are one of those cowards living life in fear of difference
zxcbk +
MAHALO HAWAII AND ACLU!!!
love me a well crafted sentence 
He says he's taking it to the supreme court.This ought to be interesting.
yeah that's what he said at his rally last night
more than that in my eyes
@allenvollbrecht Well done Hawaii not a Trumpet bought judge Obviously
Muslim judge in he will pay soon
@WangCecillia  Maybe it is a good thing after all  that  someone does not understand the law...
u dont have to have a law degree to see the blatant discrimination. My cat could figure that one out!
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you, ACLU!
@SenBookerOffice @WangCecillia This is an actual still of a Trump campaign video. Before they started lying about a "travel" ban
@WangCecillia All nice words but I hope you've got reps on standby at airports at midnight when CBP agents try to implement the ban.:(
Ninth court is a farce. Gets overruled like 90% of the time. The constitution does not apply to people in other countries.
@flandorious 9co review will be before a panel now and the makeup is majority republican.
“@ACLU: This is an incredibly important part of the Hawaii ruling. Read @ https://www.aclu.org/legal-document/state-hawaii-and-ishmael-elshikh-vs-donald-j-trump-et-al … https://twitter.com/wangcecillia/status/842146451257933824 …” @seanspicer
Hawaii district court ruling based on #FirstAmendment #EstablishmentClause. Blocked provisions of #MuslimBan disfavor Muslims. 
Hawaii slapped him down
Come
please note that "The illogic of the Government’s contentions is palpable" is now part of a court record. That is sad and hilarious.

We need a ban on Islamist's till proper vetting can be done.
Thank you so much. I am literally crying right now.
@WangCecillia Thank you, ACLU!
i read it, you're overreaching and blocking executive orders. you're undermining the government you work for and defacing its ideals
establishment clause ftw!
@greenpeaceusa Will you feel the same when a conservative court strikes down gun control with the same judicial logic?
@VanJones68 just kicked @AlanDersh's butt on @CNN regarding #Hawaii ruling.  Dershowitz actually backed down.
ACLU Needs our continued financial support in these difficult times.
YESSSS!
bravo!
Aloha Hawaii!
Maybe we can get Hawaii to look at the emolument clause too.
@WangCecillia This is great. It gives one hope.
The @aclu is a terrorist is anti American and a terrorist group. #BoycottHawaii #BoycottHawaii #BoycottHawaii #BoycottHawaii
yes.  I suggest that you not go.  That would be great.
Thanks but your suggestion or input is not needed. You mve their and enjoy the rapfugees.
Basically saying that if you're smarter than a 4th grader, you could connect the dots and figure out that this is a Muslim ban. 
Well At least you need connection in Order itself , Which here isn't anything in Order to support the Connection,MAGA!
"Enlightened" is such a perfect word to describe what @realDonaldTrump is not.  Sad!  Excellent ruling.
Aloha Spirit in action. Mahalo Hawaii
@RickFamuyiwa None of you care when Obama did it.
@realDonaldTrump 1 of the 3 equal but deprecate gov of USA stopped you. SAD because obviously your handler Bannon seeks dictatorship
1 of the 3 equal but separate gov of USA stopped you. SAD because obviously your handler Bannon seeks dictatorship
This is the "check" of the check and balance between the 3 pillars. Have faith in our democracy and accept
never doubt that the American constitution and Justice will always prevail, up to all of us to speak up against prejudice
Let's face it, it's our judges who are trying to keep America safe.
One of my favorite parts. Along with evidence of statements from 45 et al "testifying" to their unconstitutional intent.
Thanks you @ACLU and Hawaii!
Guessing Trump has no idea what "Establishment Clause" is.
it's teed up for an appellate ruling on the religious discrimination quest'n—now have to hope the 9th Circuit and SCOTUS will uphold
So so proud of our democracy crazy today! #resist
King Trump is losing his kingdom   thank God for the judicial branch 
It would be nice if Trump fired his attorney general this time too.
I know.
