Trying to Sound INTELLIGENT! Its Okay Bubbie!
Depressing!  Losing the will to resist.
Thank you!
The SC geotag is cute!
It's so sad that instead of honor, you have become a partisan hack.  Even Obama voted for him. He's qualified, maybe you're not.
another self absorbed congressman. .no wonder the country doesn't work.
Are there a handful of cases where #gorsuch was on the wrong side of the law?  Are we choosing based on #politics or #constitution or #law
I think the answer here is obvious...
So this is payback for #Republican #BS with #Garland -- if yes, we remain stuck in the stench need to rise above.
Yes, but Dimms stick with each other like pigs in shit. Never gonna rise above with "leaders" like the #Schumer Clown and #NuttyNancy.
What is your nickname for @POTUS -- #CheetosMan - #Trumpster - #RussianRocket -- #OrangeRussian -- #PutinPal -- #Duffer -- #BirdieBrain
No, I actually respect him, or at least the office he represents. I def do not respect the swamp, nor the Clowns and Nuts swimming in it.
What do you #respect ?  What has he done that is worthy of respect?  Please offer some insight.
Thanks Cory appreciate your hard work and dedication 
Saw your speech on C-Span earlier this evening. Thank you for your "We the People" theme. It was great!
This behavior is actually an embarrassment to the #Democrats    Judge has had 97% of cases upheld.  What are you trying to argue?  Dumb!
Will you please enter the race for Pres. Next time around
Sen. Booker you did an awesome job! Thank you for standing up for the people!
Voice your opposition?  You will never get a better candidate.
it's because you're a Democrat... nothing else, just simple self serving politics!
Too bad!
Waaa waaaa I am crying because we lost the election!!
Thank you, Senator Booker!
Stop your ridiculous obstructionism!!
Is there a camera you don't like?
thank you for your eloquent explanation about nominees decisions. Anyone who votes for this man does not have a heart
Anyone who thinks Gorsuch shouldn't be confirmed has no brain
Please read a list of all of the federal judges that the hypocritical @GOPSenMajority filibustered during the @BarackObama administration.
Wonderful.
Thug
Agree!  Booker being not logical
come on, be honest - confirm the guy, get back to work
Loser! Cory booker is a big ole loser!
Thank you, Senator Booker!
LOOKING FORWARD TO IT!
Why???
You're the best !!
You oppose so passionately wishing you all the best. Windy huh.
Gorsuch will be confirmed Friday
Isn't the threat of the "nuclear" option creating a worse position for everyone with the next potential nominee? Explanations welcome!
please tell your friend @SenDonnelly to vote NO as well. Hoosiers will still support him in 2018 if he says no to Gorsuch.
Thank you 
Keep fighting
Cry me a river. Boo hoo!!!  Ted Cruz will be next.
Stop the charades. Find something important to work on.
Show them a little  "Jersey Hands" Senator Booker
Thank you from NJ
I want the nominee, don't forget you are representing all the people in NJ.
Please  keep  fighting for what's right!! Stand up to the republicans that are hiding what they know is wrong please
Speak up Speak out Speak the Truth #nogorsuch #trumprussia #flipthehouse
thanks and to you Senator Booker for standing up for every American's rights, regardless of gender, race or religion #ResistGorsuch
How is he not qualified? or Is he just too unbiased when judging based on what the law says?  Cant have it both ways.
We already know how you are going to vote before the nomination was even made.  All Politics, no Integrity.  Big Pharma #neverbooker
I'll be tuned in.  Thank you for standing up against a SCOTUS nominee who does not support all Americans best interests. #filibuster
Continue to hang in there for us...
I don't like #gorsuch either but let's identify how his decisions are on wrong side of #law -- right now looks #political
Let's not cut off our nose to spite our face -- #FilibusterGorsuch may not be the smartest move for #Democrats.  Choose battles wisely.
Keep up the great work you do!
Thank you for holding your ground. In addition, Gorsuch is not for the average man, but corporations. We need a fair & impartial judge
Do you have any idea what percentage of his cases have been upheld for individuals?   Didn't think so.  Get the facts!  He is following law
Stop wasting time and get to work ffs.
YES, Cory!
you're speaking for us! Thank you!
What a puppet. I guess Pelosi and Schumer laid down the law.
Gorsuch unanimously confirmed 10 yrs ago Nearly all the same sens Were they wrong then or now
I love randomly bumping into you in Union Station. Keep fighting the good fight, Senator!
What is your objection really? It's because you're a partisan Democrat. Admit it.
Thank you for opposing Neil Gorsuch. Please do everything you can to stop his confirmation!
Nah
Stop acting like children!
@SenBookerOffice @cspan I have hope your message does not fall on deaf ears.
We're counting on you, Senator!
Thank you! Best of luck, I only hope you prevail.
Thank you!
Who wants to see you and the dividers continue being hypocritical?  You lose no matter what. But you're too incompetent to realize it.
Enjoy having @Scotus Ruth BG/Breyer eventually replaced by @SenTedCruz after Dems provoke the rule change. Disappointed in you as a Senator.
You continue to beclown yourself, illustrating you are nothing but another cookie cutout leftist activist. A shame. You seemed good once.
Just because he's "qualified" doesn't make his rulings worthy of a ~30+ year position. His rulings, vote no!
If trump nominee nominated merrick garland instead of Obama u would oppose that too.. Hypocrite
Trump is turning the presidency into a monarchy after trying really hard on a dictatorship. Watch what his son in law is doing carefully
No that was the guy who left on Jan 20th 2017
There is nothing wrong with this man!! Stop the madness!! Get him approved
Thank you Cory Booker! Making us whom you represent in NJ Proud!
you are a traitor and a sellout. tell your big pharma owners i said hi .
Thank you for speaking out for us.
