We must never accept this type of individual as a leader. Never.
There r so many countries out there why don't u pack ur crap & leave? No one is forcing you 2 stay here in the USA go, move far far away 
Love how the response is that we should pack up and leave our country.  Nice try but we stay and #resist your hate and intolerance
Maybe in 3 yrs your have your change to vote for another racist like Hillary! Maybe a racist will win the "popular" vote again also! 
Following your own tweets
I'll wait
Who cares about hrc? Move on.
LoL now it's move on! But she won the popular vote! So 65 million ppl voted for a racist
We're ALL sick and tired. Why is it taking Y'ALL so long to start the impeachment process. #outofsightoutofmind
Simple. Because there are no grounds for impeachment.
I just read grounds for impeachment. There are many grounds for his impeachment.
Humor us by listing what you have decided are grounds for impeachment. Please, we need a laugh.
You do understand that the vision of an amoeba twitting political comments is a joke by it self right? I mean you @ConConPat
He never pledged to allegiance to ALL. He pledged to the flag. He took no oath of humanity or morality. You knew who he was from jumpstreet.
Classy,  I'm going to have to learn how to use "jump street" in a sentence.
It means, "from the beginning". If you speak the language, you should know how to use the language. Education is key. Glad to educate you.
Using slang to replace appropriate words is being educated? No wonder you, idiots, want free education.
Come on Hugh, jumpstreet is used ubiquitously in all institutions of higher learning and is required in all dissertations
True Dat Ginger! I should've used jump street instead of "at first" or "in the beginning" for  my thesis(s). That's a sure resume' winner.
It really gets the readers attention 
Yum, you all swore to defend the right to free speech and freedom of assembly or did you forget that's what's in your oath?
U mean all the people not just the ANTIFA AND BLM folks you hang with
Please then help us get him out of office. We can't do it much
Longer without ruination of our great country. Russia must b laughing.
we find you to be unable to do your job for the people and this country we are starting a petition for you to be removed from office
You betray the American ppl with your lies!!!
#SickAndTiredOfBeingSickAndTired 
This is the best response ever. Thank you Mr. Booker.  Now if only your GOP colleagues would realize this isn't a partisan issue.
U realize Ivanka raised money for him?
Why don't you do some work and stop tweeting and playing trump watchdog you opportunist.
#Thanks @CoryBooker #TRUTH My trust betrayed @CambridgePolice Defendant=Witness LIED=WIN! 
More #SickAndTiredOfBeingSickAndTired Trump LIED!
Something you do everyday. Are you worried he's muscling in on your territory?
You are Wrong....he is protecting the people who voted for him.....not the 3 million illegal votes that your great hillary made up! Crybaby!
Once again you and many other "members" of Congress leave us outraged and disgusted..
You're sick you're tired go away
I agree.he has brought out racism onto the streets now.
TY Yes!! Me too! This week has been painful and depressing but we MUST NOT give in or give up! We must fight on! After my bottle of wine
Love the vice mayor of Charlottesville
Now you know how 62 million people feel about your party daily...
You know. I wrote this book entitled: "Why are Things The Way They are and not Otherwise"?  By T L Phillips ..... he needs to read a copy.
NEVER HAS OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP BETRAYED OUR COUNTRY! NO, THAT WOULD BE OBAMA,  THE DESTROYER OF AMERICA,  HIS LEGACY!!
Calling 4 the resignation of congresswomen; Maria Chappelle & Maxine Waters.  They cannot call for Presidents assignation & stay in office!
Please tell me how U view degenerate congresswomen; Maria Chappelle & Waters?  Is their racism okay?  Can they call 4 assintn w/ impunity?
And you think you can be there. No chance!
Alright there Cut-Run Booker, What you should be outraged by is kids being killed every day in Newark and Chicago.  So Sad the hypocrisy...
Once again the propaganda in this county has outraged and disgusted me.  You betray the rights of people to think for themselves.
People are now seeing what we already knew #45 is a bigoted racist...let's call him what he is. #ifyourenotoutraged then you are not human!
Me too and how about this #sickofbeingscared
we are fed up with your liberal hate & destruction..Trump calls out all hate..not good enough..liberals are driven by hate..
Where have you been the last few years? Trump was a racist. POTUS is a racist. Please spare me the outrage.
cory really should calm down and relax the President is doing a wonderful job I am proud of him and just because you dont get your way...
So are you working on some Articles of Impeachment? What are you actually going to DO about this racist?
Hasn't said anything racist. #falsepropaganda
X
Every liberal that can legally vote, please vote. #2018 #Midtermelections #registerafriendtovote
@rickbigmoney Yeah, and you loss the civil war, get over it! #thisismycountry #resist #ThursdayThoughts #BlackTwitter #letlive
@trumpgirl4life he should grab you and then let us know your thoughts
@resist #thisismycountry
@debbiealdrich aspire to the oval office he should,  when an imbecile can manipulate the masses, your lust should be wisdom
U betray NJ. U r only concerned with inner-cities in NJ. U left Newark as bad as the Sharpe James era and ran to D.C.  Disgusting
Same is frequently said about you @CoryBooker!
feel free to move out of the country if ur so disgusted.
In fairness, he has done what he said up front. He is the dick we expected.
IF "anyone" is surprised by @realDonaldTrump  it's because they "thought" he could see "reason"...unfortunately...he can't...
How so, Mr. Booker? Did you actually HEAR what he said? If so, what you say makes ZERO sense.

Like you
you discuss me
Educate yourself MSM

Good boy...serve your master well...
FU.
Cory - The banks thank you for your service
Words are not enough. Act to impeach or amendment 25. He invites violence and sympathizes with those who attempt to usurp the constitution.
Blah blah blah. Amateur hour with Cory.
Cory, I fell in love with u on the bitter winter day u picked up that freezing dog! You haven't disappointed us since! Booker2020
Now you know how @HillaryClinton makes AMERICA feel. Go cry in a safe space and cheat out the people some more you phony!
Hey sleazy he's always been sleazy
You are nothing but a grandstanding loudmouth socialist victim
SENATOR IT IS THE SAME TODAY CHOOSE WISELY!
SENATOR AND MUSSOLINI WOULD FIGHT FOR THE PEOPLE! YOU KNOW WHO MUSSOLINI FOUGHT FOR !AND WHOSE SIDE HE WAS ON!
IT WAS THE CRIMINALS THEY ALL AGREED TO MAKE MUSSOLINI LOOK LIKE HE WAS ON THE PEOPLES SIDE !SO THE CRIMINALS WERE AFRAID OF HIM !AND+++
WHO GAVE RISE TO MUSSOLINI THE FASCIST PARTY? IT WAS ALL THE CRIMINALS  !MY GRANDMOTHER SAID THOSE DAYS THEY COULD KEEP DOORS OPEN! WHY ?++
Why anyone ever thought Trump the man became president to represent the people escapes me. He is who he was before he lied on the Bible.
What steps are you taking to remove him?
Well said Senator Booker.
You disgust me too!!
Once again you and your alt-Left whiners show the the American public really does need to drain the swamp and put people in office who care
Agree 100% , wish you weren't taking corporate money. Unfortunately I can't vote for someone who is influenced by the corporation.
How has he betrayed the office?  You as an American is the one betraying the office!
Our children are our future - our wise fore-fathers of our country allows us to move forward in a bipartisan way .
You are not the person Mr Rogers wanted you to be
Why don't you run for president? Your platform covers many health care issues, equality, and much more. We need you! Do it! #committedtolove
You need some tussin if you're sick and some red bull if you're tired. Can't blame trump for problems caused by dem. Gov. Of VA. SHAME SHAME
Were you disgusted when Obama invited BLM to the White House?
#liberalhypocrisy
#doublestandards
Trump serves all the American people, not your political agenda sir!
How's that Cory? Telling the truth about Antifa?
It's time to announce your support for #ImpeachTrump
He could spit wooden nickels give everyone some no matter what he doesgood bad indifferent he will always be faulted becauseu don't like him
Movement to censure? At least???
The Atlantic says the left's response to Antifa will be a measure of its moral character.  Cory Booker just failed:
https://www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/534192/ …
I have no problem with the Perez. I do have a problem with corrupt politicians like you that get away with bribery and corruption.
Does he not understand that he is president to all Americans? That includes Blacks, Jews, Hispanics, Asians, and Muslims.
you need to look at yourself and what you accomplished for New Jersey South Jersey nothing do your job for the people
How tired...can he catch them hands  ...
YOU leave us disgusted. YOU SUPPORT and ENCOURAGE violent, racist hate groups antifa, blm, resistance. You peddle only in fear and division
A disgrace in the Senate.  Divisive anti American. You sir are betraying the people you were sworn to serve. You fail to listen.
Yet another outrageous and factually baseless accusation from race-baiter Cory Booker. #Wannabe
DO SOMETHING!!!.. You ppl. Have got to get TOGETHER & SAVE OUR COUNTRY..this isn't just politics this is our country!!! #ImpeachTrump
scary times...
Yes.. but OUR elected officials r the only ones who can save us. & so far.. they refuse! frustrating!!..  #Resist #ImpeachTrump
I just don't know what they're waiting for. If they're not in charge, who in god's name is?????
I'm with you.. I dog lobiondo Booker & Menendez daily!!..nobody will give me credible answer!!.. I don't quit easy!! I will fight!! # resist
We have to EXPECT MORE. I like both of them, but they're letting the #Resist mvment do the work they should be doing. They need to stand up!
I like them too..but WE are paying them!!!.. my boss pays me & doesn't wanna hear any shit about why job isn't done!!! JUST DO IT!!
ABSOLUTELY!!!
So, therefore, you will...
So?  Do something about it! Tired of politicians insisting they are tired of Trump, yet do NOTHING to stop his reign of terror! #dosomething
Call for the firing of the Alt-Right supremacists on the White House payroll. Today. #BannonMustGo
Stop bullshitting
once again, you lose chichi!
You should have been a comedian. You BS is that thick.
All of the living former US Presidents warned voters that DT was unfit for the office. They were right. Now we live with the results.
We are also sick & tired of the #Phony Sellout Corporate Dems that enable #Fascism. #Resist
It's time for all the Dems to write up articles of impeachment & force the @GOP to take stand in front of US citizens. We need a showdown.
Most of sane Americans have been disgusted w/ #WhiteSupremacistInChief for a long time. 
TIME 2 stand up @GOP & protect AMERICA 
#IMPEACH45
Way past time for him to go! #ITMFA
I may no longer live in NJ (born & raised), but maintain gratitude for your moral compass, Senator @CoryBooker. #Booker2020
Then do something! I mean really, get off your ass and do something! This is not doing, it's f@#king lazy. #SickAndTiredOfBeingSickAndTired
We must be outraged but not surpised by Trump's embrace of white nationalist & their virulent hate towards non-whites-Accept he's a racist.
How do we end this? Will GOP ever decide to serve the nation instead of their own political careers? We need a leader to tell us.
Once again we don't give a what you say or think. People like you are the problem with America.
CORY BOOKER FOR PRESIDENT!!! 
It just more clear that our president can find something to defend in hate and if you have a permit you can hate all you want. It's gross.
Do you support impeachment of @POTUS?
You have left the millions of Republicans outraged and disgusted.U R un-American to simply  obstruct everything rather than work together.
Speak for yourself race batter
So when are we talking impeachment? What does Trump have to do? You know if this was President Obama, he'd be on his way out the door. 
Well I'm outraged & disgusted by you so...
This man is a disgrace he doesn't deserve to be called a President he needs to go before he does more damage than he already has#Shame
Btw i see your partner menendez is as crooked as they come u better not be hiding any skeletons
Republicans in Washington have no balls, but they will pay a heavy price at the polls! Vote blue if they can't impeach a lunatic!
Im disappointed in u What have u done for us in NJ Out of control taxes stop wasting time on trump n do something 4 the people of NJ
The American people have spoken.  Take a seat and stop the divide and hate!! Insanity
you're one to talk. resign traitor! You're nothing but a bought and paid for, self-serving elitist sellout.
Bruh. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Cory Cory Cory go back to your #antifa folks and regroup as you all Failed once again. Your Swamp is being drained
Who's pulling down statues?
Time for Congress to take action. We, the people, say #ImpeachTrump
Giving up intelligence to the Russians was a gross violation of his oath to “preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the US."
Senator Booker, when will your Republican colleagues stand up and see this guy for what he really is. Its so shameful....
Sick and tired of your rhetoric.
Cory Cory Cory...
SING Jarred SING!
#ImpeachTrump
once again booker leaves me out raged and disgusted u have  betrayed the people with identity politics
Ur a thug..
Get over it, Booker.  Scalise shooting not teach you anything?  Violence came from the Left.
In fairness being #sickandtired is kind of your job. The rest of us have to fight off this exhaustion and somehow stay employed.
Sorry dear; D.T. didn't betray nobody. He's the same misogynistic, sexist from B4 election. Still, WE THE PEOPLE, elected him for president!
Who would vote for you ? You are a liar ,
Beyond words, what is congress DOING to rid us of this vile, dangerous embarrassment?
Actually your comments leave me with that feeling, leaders go the way to improvement instead
He needs to remember he is a Minority president. Change the law and do away with the electoral college, so this doesn't  happen again
You are racist Cory and a fraud
You should run for president get out there and be more vocal I support you
Now you know how we've felt for the last eight years #impeachbooker
GOP needs to quit making excuses for trump hold his ass accountable don't condem what he said when you don't mean it impeachment right
The same way you left Newark NJ.
And it's only Tuesday.  So much for #nationalrelaxationday
You're free to leave whenever ...
Aren't you friends with Jared and Ivanka and accepted campaign donations.....Wait......what does that make you????
Good! Stay mad! Stay disgusted! THIS IS NOT NORMAL! DO SOMETHINGIMPEACHANYTHING! America is is in  crisis mode! @TheDemocrats
Make America Great Again
So let's get him out of there Senator. When can we do to help?
Omg how dramatic 
Me too! Still shaking
Support your president.. instead of complaining about him.. pray for our him and our country!!
Just saw a clip on the news here in the UK and I'm totally shocked.
What are you doing about it?
Run against him son! Grab your balls & do it! But being who u r that'll never happen! Easier to run your mouth from the sidelines! #gutless
#impeachTrumpParty
So tired..SMH...and we're only 8 months in..#FixItJesus
Honey, hush.
I'm a white man in Indiana and feel sick about his speech I can't imagine how it makes a Jewish or African American feel anywhere in USA
3.5 YEARS to go unless the spineless congress does something about it! Stop tweeting and get to work on the 25th amendment 
#Impeach45
Maybe try cleaning up your own party 1st.  Are you outraged and disgusted at Debbie Wasserman too?
Be half-way honest for a change Cory. The bad actors and bigots behind C'ville are on your side. Next Dem Leader:
Seriously vacillating between needing to vomit, cry, or scream. How do I begin to explain this to my children? #ImpeachTrump
I'm tired of saying I'm disgusted and outraged by this WH-it's only getting worse
I would really love to see your name on the ticket in 2020 #corybooker2020
