Love you Cory! You are are so passionate about what you do! It's contagious :).
The best advocate ever!!
Ur da bomb
I applaud you for what you do I have heard a rumor that you may run for president in 2020 So is Warren
Helw
Adorable! 
X- 4ñ1 5
That young man will forever remember the day he met you @CoryBooker !
I love you, Senator Booker, our future President of the United States of America in 2020! I will work for your campaign!
Hey Booker! There's a kid growing out of your head. What a dork!
Happy Birthday! Thanks for all you do!
Thank you Cory for your hard work to make this world better place for all. I can see you running for office soon.
I'm not 100% on board w/ everything you do, but you'd annihilate @realDonaldTrump in 2020, so you are totally cool in my book.
Booker,ever the showman! Hmmm!
Like i said to Al...You are the reason we need human cloning
Gotta love Corey Booker!!!!!!
I LOVE U COREY BOOKER
You poor woman, I feel sorry for you not being able to see through Booker the wannabe.
Gary,
They're all stupid! The same stupid ones that voted for Obama and Ms. Piggy!
Absolutely delightful. Of course, now I want to climb on the shoulders of @CoryBooker
Excellent!
Cory we don't agree on much , but love thus post. End Malaria! Bring back DDT with IPM. Almost eradicated it once we can do again!
Nets are twice as effective as spraying #DDT in preventing #malaria. After US banned DDT from US farms, malaria deaths FELL. Still falling.
It wasn't banned in Africa until later.  It only caused harm from over and mis use. With proper use it could save lives
U need to run for a president. No excuses. Make America greater and the best!!
For a fleeting second I considered moving to your district. Big move, I'm in NM. I think your wonderful!!!
You are full
The future
A senator with heart.
@CoryBooker As a citizen, I admire your politics. As a teacher, I can't help but love your compassion toward kids. Thank you from TN!
And Andrew, I'm proud of you and the excellent work you're doing. Well done! I've now donated towards your cause, and hope others do as well
new law: If a politician won't let a lobbyist sit on his/her shoulders, s/he shdnt be allowed to take the mtg!
I'm crushing so hard on you love this!
This would be a great fund raising project for my 6th grade team 
You are truly the best!  Thanks for sharing such an important message.
I just adore you.
So cute
Wow
Sen. Booker.  Please reply.  Tried to reach out to John Lewis.  Want to create symposium for young adults to teach about politics.

Awww, what an awesome kid, his parents should be really proud, and u sir, u r a man of the ppl, I hope u run in 2020
I hope we see you in 2020.
The right way to promote! :) You did a good job Andrew!
You're awesome as always! Continue being great! You have my support #awesomesenator #awesomeperson #WorldMalariaDay
Booker 2020!!
Love this adorbs video.  So proud that you are my senator!  #nothingbutnets thanks for introducing us to Andrew.  Keep up the good work
Such a cute video. Thx for sharing.
CT cherry tree fake branches were/are recorded hiding active child abuse natures/methods w docs ill with courts socially thru time.
This was/is with recorded CT/NY/inter-state/inter-nation 9/11 crimes with MPs also tied doctors/judges'/inter-branch/foreign evidence collus
cutest thing ever. Please run for president in 2020!
Modern nations fell to methods inter-science entrenched here since before birth of George Washington. med corrupt tied courts foreign influe
Those notions on immigration are opinion lifted, but not reality. We have inter-nation medical corruption tied to courts/areas' fact treatme
Adorable!
Please consider running for president.
You are so freakin cool, Cory Booker!
Those nets helped saved my life and, still, that of many in my family. Malaria is a killer. Help.
Thank you Cory and Andrew!!! You absolutely made my day!!!"nothingbutnets!!!
So fun. Thanks for promoting. Kids matter too. 
This is awesome!
great job Cory.
@CoryBooker You are adorable and Andrew, you are awesome!  I'm laughing and proud all at once! Strong work @nothingbutnets
My hero!   The Booker!!
And that's why we love you @CoryBooker !!
Thank you @CoryBooker 
Damn if you ain't worst than Hillary seeking attention.
Crooked LOSER Booker

That was awesome.
Literally lifting up the next generation
This is awesome! I would follow Andrew anywhere. #Andrew2020
#WorldMalariaDay
It's a GREAT project! I don't think we gave to this project last year. We'll rectify that! #TheResistance #NoTaxReturnNoBudget #NoBanNoWall
We love you Mr Booker!
So r u controlling the cell phone  
video & holding the kid on your shoulders too? If so you're more multi-talented than I thought! LOL


Fantastic! My pops got malaria in Vietnam. It's horrible. ♡♡ you, Cory!
fbi committed treason. we need a full investigation to find out if there are any that are innocent. and then shoot the rest.
HEY, Cory. Based on what I just saw---If I were there and not in Quebec I would offer to try and give you CPR. I HOPE YOU'LL BE ALRIGHT!
Crickets on today's @NJTRANSIT delays though...
Well we know young Andrew must have taken an Uber today.   There's no way he made it on @NJTRANSIT
Weren't you an old blue's guitarist ? Cory Booker sounds familiar
you looked the other way. I hope you all get malaria. and I have the skills
Cory you are the man!
You guys rock ... such the little advocate 
You go Andrew!!!!
