Donald Trump and his Billion dollar friends should try to live on $15 and see if it's too much
This is all a load of crock. U want a better paying job, then go to school nites. Train for it. No one gets a free ride. Earn it or move.
How about asking minimum wage workers to do something to make themselves worth $15/hour? Nobody wants $20 burgers at McDonalds.
"Nobody wants $20 burgers, so your kids will just have to keep starving while you work full-time to feed mine".
How about asking minimum wage workers to do something to make themselves worth $15/hour? Nobody wants $20 burgers at McDonalds.
So we just pay people what they demand regardless of the value they create in their job? No thanks. I prefer a functional economy.
Please define 'a functional economy'? A full-time job that doesn't pay enough to cover basic needs doesn't seem very 'functional' to me.
One in which businesses grow. One in which new businesses start. NOT one where people are paid more than the value they generate.
Wow. Imagine living in a world where people are merely tools to generate value. Radical idea: Everyone's paid enough to feed their children.
Sorry. I don't support Socialism. Perhaps people need to improve themselves to be worth higher salaries like I and many others have done.
That's fun... now that it can't possibly pass, so there's no political downside, all of a sudden democrats are on board for 15. Ugh
Yep, It might has well be the Obamacare repeal of Democrats for all intends and purposes. Sucks because it is a good idea
Honestly, It kinda pisses me off that the Corporate Dems want to just wave Bernie like a stick thinking it will make people like them
agreeing with Bernie Sanders is bad now  you shitheads will certainly become republicans in the next couple of years
Why would agreeing with Bernie be bad? and why would we become Republicans?
you have the same dumbfuck reactionary mindset that they do.
you just admitted that it's not about the issues, no matter what "corporate dems" do you won't like them anyway. typical conservatard shit
That's not really what's happening here. 
I would love it if the dems actually did some liberal shit. But this 15 dollar minimum wage...
Yeah that's really working in Seattle. What a bunch of Libtards
Thank you for all your tireless work.
The Democrats have always worked to improve the lives of working people. #DEMSTRONG
Ha. Ha. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!!
Good one. 
(Yes republicans are worse but move the line.)
Yes, they move the line. The bread and soup lines they create !
That doesn't even make any sense
Wow that sounds inflationary
Well if they get it,  then my service and food better get a lot better at McDonalds.
Les entreprises qui construisent des robots de lancement de hamburger adorent cette idée!
Push for equal rights minimum wage now you talking about something the American people can grab hold to
Idiots...just like with what happened when Obamacare screwed crap up..people will lose jobs, companies will lower the amount of employees!
Yeah, so why weren't you screaming about this in the last 8 years?  Kinda weird.
McD's is not a $15 job, $10 tops.
Et épuisez l'économie, bonne idée.
Fast food jobs etc were not intended for adults raising families. Temp jobs for the youth. Robots will soon assume role. Then what?
Raise minimum wage & people will lose their jobs and the ripple effect throughout a company in terms of other wages will lead to more b loss
As a McDonald's worker I'd rather be paid $8.05 per hour and have a job than be paid $15 per hour and be laid off
We need a livable wage
Alt-Math Pop Quiz: If your profit margin is 25%, & you raise payroll expense by 25%, why not just stay home?
Think Robotic automation replacing the very people you THINK you are trying to help. Just try THINKING!
Watch your back. .Bernie has done nothing to stop his followers from attacking you & labeling you the enemy. Anyone is expendable to him
@CoryBooker @SenSanders @PattyMurray @thinkprogress  more entitlements drive up costs...Earn your wages.
How about a nationwide training program as well.
When will the clueless stop hurting the economy by trading nonworking economic policies for votes? Leave to private sector employer/worker.
When all these workers get canned and replaced by robots that can flip burgers they can thank you.
And DJT45 doesn't change his mind?!  Get over yourselves closet GOPers!
Let market decide
Why in the hell would you make $15 an hour to flip a freakin Burger with everything is automated now that's pissing away money
This SOUNDS good, but the time frame is out of wack!!!  By the time minimum wage is $15, it will STILL BE TOO LOW because of inflation!!!
How do small businesses survive? raise the cost of goods & services? lose business- selling my small store due to hike in NYC min wage
You could try pointing out the percentage of people who make less than that require various forms of public assistance.
ANd war
Tech prices go up! Result will be no gain!
sm business owners will have difficulty sustaining their business overhead w/this requirement, whereas big companies will just jackup prices
Job crushing proposal....
@CoryBooker @SenSanders @PattyMurray @thinkprogress that's a nice thought
My only problem with this is we have EMS and firefighters not making this much in the state of Jersey. So a burger maker deserves 15 hourly?
People need money to buy their overpriced prescriptions thanks to @SenBookerOffice and @PattyMurray
You aren't fooling anybody.
Nice! Now how about the ability to negotiate better drug prices?
Awesome
Yes, we must #RaiseTheWage but a federal $15/hr is impractical and infeasible for many parts of the US.
Step outside of your east coast bubble.
Don't #RaiseTheWage unless u like 2 keep people from working. Try #FreeMarket labor. Works in education, healthcare, immigration, internet,
How in the world do we support this and sustain it. Will McD and BK be able to sell $15 burger with $7 FF and $5 soda?
That's nice. Will you make sure skilled workers get a comparable income increase, or should we all just screw it and hit MickeyD's up?
Cory Booker is a phony Sanders is Greg
Good luck Senators
Lol! Time to buy some stock in the company who makes order taking kiosks!
When people have more money, the economy improves.... When execs have more money, not much happens..

I think all fast food restaurants should go on strike until they are replace with machines. 
Yess. It is about time.
It's about time.
Start by lowering YOURS!!
Wait, that's bernie's plan. U didn't support him in the primaries. Why now?
It'll be cheaper for fast food restaurants to use robots & machines. It'll drop their ins. costs & they won't be paying worker's comp.
That's fine, but why did you vote against his bill to reduce medication prices?
I wish people would realize that if you give the low requisition jobs that high of a wage the value of the usd will depreciate like hell.
Great now get behind Medicare for all, free college, and an end to all wars and maybe the Dems will be back in power
Raising the minimum wage too high will cause companies to go out of business, and not encourage youth to go to school for a better job.
Smaller companies will suffer, and those that survive will pass on those raises to the customer. Let companies make that call.
These are entry level jobs that are not meant as a career. If a McDonald's burger goes too high, I won't go there anymore.
Go ahead, then watch prices increase and jobs get eliminated because of government interference. But you will still have your cushy job.
And lose all entry level employment to robotics. Look at states that have done so.
raise the wage & kill jobs, nitwit Econ policy from the nitwit left -check out Panera iPads #proof
Can we get on board with the current hijacking of America, Russian er Putin interference.  Patting yourself on the back for what?!
Right on! Came from a family business paying good wages, merit increases health & vac benefits & sick pay. Greed consumes the heart & soul!
Cost of production goes up, cost of goods and services goes up. Maybe instead you should audit the fed and stop them from devaluing the $
Needs to happen much sooner than 2024
Yes!! will prices go up because of that,? Why not raise it to $20or $25/HR? how about getting a skill? Min wage = min effort
Republicans jump in absolute unity at billions in tax cuts for the rich.  But it takes YEARS for Democrats to digest $15 min wage!  Wake up!
I agree ! But the $15.00 wage should be a law today! These companies make plenty of money but they don't care about workers PROFITS PROFITS
F that. I work my ass of at a ft job & get a .25 raise every yr. At that rate I'd have to work for 12 years to equal the pay of a McD's emp?
Do they realize that they will lose their subsidized housing funding with a wage increase?
Congress should #RaiseTheWage while also lowering their own wage to $15/hr.
when you raise minimum wage there is a domino effect and wages start going up.
As soon as I saw Booker was backing it I knew there was little chance it would pass. 
Then you must also support H.R. 676 Medicare for All. This sick for-profit system we have now is absolutely obscene!!!
About time...
Can you tell me what all the workers that already make $15 an hour are supposed to do? Cuz now they be pissed. Liberal logic is so flawed.
I'm with Bernie on every issue except 15$ min wage. And free college. Both terrible ideas.
Still not a good idea if it passes unemployment will skyrocket
you can only do this in cities   Cant do this with increase insurance cost and small/middle town america
Will this be tied to cost of living?
Big Mac,Coke and fries will go up to $22.00 then people on assistance will need a big raise.Guess what your payroll taxes go up. No MD any 1
It's a great democrat jobs bill.  Be sure to tell Pelosi
Happy St Patricks Day!!!   I will never let you forget
WHAT?? Do your wall street donors know you're supporting this Cory??
how about getting the ice cream machine fixed first
Why aren't you tired of big corporations taking away jobs of working people! Working people deserve to make a living to put shoes on there
It not coming out of his pocket. Want to bet many businesses will vlose and ppl will be unemployed
vote for me I'll give you $25 an hour of someone else's money.
Where was your voice during the primaries when Queen Hillary was against a $15/hour rate?
Thanks, Bernie!
Great news guys @SenWarren @BernieSanders
Sen. BOOKER voted AGAINST an amendment that would have allowed CHEAPER PRESCRIPTION DRUGS from CANADA ? Paid-Off by BIG PHARMA Lobbyists ?
Sen. Booker and 12 other Democrats Voted this Amendment Down on January, 11th 2017 ! 13 DEMOCRATS !!  What the fuck were they thinking !
And now he is a cosponsor of a better bill to import prescription drugs from Canada. @CoryBooker wants less expensive and more safety.
Yeah, but he voted against something St. Bernie endorsed so he must be tarred and feathered.
I guess booker knows we need to raise wages so we can afford to pay his boys at big pharma. #sellout #BernieSanders #feelthebern
I forgot #scumbag
ok maybe not $15 but like 10.
How about #TeachPeopleHowToHandleMoney
@brycecovert Please as a automation engineer it will create more work for me as jobs are lost
Why not make it a Senator's salary and benefits? If it is good enough for congress who are public servants it ought to be good for min wage.
But when Bernie wanted to allow reimportation of prescription drugs, you led the charge against it! Thanks but no thanks
PROPERTY VALUES go up automatically..then costs go up..why cant the min wage go up the same time? NEVER IN A CLASS WAR LIKE THIS THOUGH
Good in principle but there must be a provision to redirect corporate big profits and restrict price-raising from ruining worker gains.
STOP PANDERING TO SANDERS HES NOT A DEMOCRAT!! Just kidding thank you for putting the people first :)

DEMS are always so generous with other peoples money
Big pharma pays more than minimum wage. Corey wants us to have more money to buy opioids with.
great way to b replaced by robots that work for...NOTHING/hr!!
F the cooperate Democrats. Bernie, get out of bed with them and go start a progressive party

I swear to God all it would take for the left to win more would be for the democrats to actually be liberals or not be so transparently not.
What?
Good and thanks.
Since when is booker a progressive? 
Have I told you today @SenBookerOffice how much I respect you? I haven't? My bad. I have great respect for you.
Would love it. But wouldn't everything else go up also?
you might need to remind the mayor of Baltimore
Say goodbye to jobs....fight for an education to get out of mcdonalds...
So if everyone is well educated, McDonalds jobs will no longer exist?
No, the next generation gets to put their time in...not everyone will be educated on one time...people need time to grow and mature...
Doesn't matter what you do, you corporate tool. Too little, too late and you still have no integrity.
Go for it!
Now if you can only get @SenSanders to raise his interns' wages from $12/hr to $15/hr. You should ask him Sen. Booker.
As long as Republicans control, the minimum wage will never be raised - they ain't for the average worker
better than democrats who are for the support illegals and lazy people who refuse to work
Love it!
Booker for President! :)
You had better run in 2020, or I'll have a hissy fit. 
Busy working to help us. #president 2020
