OP-ED: @CoryBooker and @SenWarren are trying to change how women are treated in our prison system 
Maybe the penalty for crimes should be worse like the rest of the world. People may commit less if they fear the consequences

I see the pie chart but what are the length of sentences in these countries? What is the ratio of repeat offenders?
Point is more US citizens in jail than other nations Incarceration Nation..Houston we Have a Problem
Yes we do. A lot of people are breaking laws. The answer isn't anarchy. Prisons outside of the US are very unpleasant.
A lot of cops are planting fake evidence like the one in Baltimore. Face the facts the USA is a Banana Republic for rich
Open your eyes,if you want or don't
How bout changing the way children are treated in the womb first. 
How about changing the way children are treated who are ALIVE RIGHT NOW & not cut #Medicaid benefits! That's pro-life! My autistic son 
Run for president in 2020? She will be lucky if she holds her position in 2018 LOL  New England Hates her.  She is a fake Indian and Senator
Why women? Dignity for the Incarcerated? This is one thing I just do not understand as a democrat.
Because she needs votes for her upcoming presidential run which will be not only hilarious but a failure.
anything is better than the orange megalomaniac phoning it in, letting lobbyists and big money brazenly run our country.
You should change your Twitter handle to "Halfstupid" 
Resorting to name calling instead of dealing with facts.  Very adult.
Aren't we talking about the person that name called every opponent? k
Let's see ...Prison= bad, not fun...don't break the law or you go there...
Ok, Got it, thanks
O.M.G. Obamacare is killing us the North Koreans could be blowing us up AND this is what you're worried about?
Prison is meant to be punishment not a vacation.  Don't do the crime if you don't like the accommodations! 
The US has some of the highest recidivism rates in the world. I don't think the punishment model is working

what about the dignity taken from the victims? What about them?
Do people like you think literally every arrest and conviction that results in jail time has a "victim"? 

Imagine.

If they had dignity they wouldn't be in prison.
Give them sanitary napkins, female guards for certain dressing/shower stuff. Bi-annual gyn exam. Find real issues SenWarren! Geeze!
Now why do you suppose they're incarcerated?  I'd like to see you incarcerated
How about figuring put the surge in violent female crimes so they don't go to jail in the first place?

Soap and towels aren't even provided. You pay a fee for that in jail. Non violent offenders should be able to attend some kind of rehab
that's right.  at any hotel/motel you pay for the services. hell even at home you pay for soap and a towel. why should they get them free?
You're missing the point. People think tax dollars pay for soap etc. in jail. I'm saying THEY DONT! You pay for your own. Dippy.
we all make choices in life and those choices ALWAYS have consequences good and bad.

geez people. They just want to give them sanitary products. Is that too much to ask?
I volunteered as a doula in a PA women's prison. We need more careful attention to maternal and infant health care and support post-partum.
2020 Democratic ticket:

@SenWarren / @CoryBooker ---OR---
@CoryBooker / @SenWarren 
I'd support either one
People I agree with doing "the time for your crime". But when necessities like TAMPONS or PADS are withheld ..not good!
as i read it, those things are not withheld. they are available at a price. do you get your fhp's for free?
If they have nobody sending them money then how do they pay for the triple high price in prison store
You two are crazy.  Women receive far more lenient sentences than men for same crimes.  If you can't do the time, don't do the crime.
Where did you obtain those statistics?
Like everything else, she pulled them out of her ass
Liz, jail is 4 bad people. This a small % of USA. If this all u 2 can do then maybe u can help them by joining them. Problem solved. #MAGA

I am 100% with you. Sanitary products should be free. Gynecologist visits should be available. Mental health counseling and classes a must!
I hope 1 of the things u2 want changed is men on the Women's side.
No Woman who has lost her freedom shld be under a man!!
And the Justice System doesn't supply sanitary products for women. THAT'S CRIMINAL!
Not surprised these 2 band together, nobody else wants anything to do with these 2 self promoters
That is because we are a nation of laws, if you break the law you will be punished not rewarded. You 2 are clueless.

You know I'm tired of prisoners getting special treatment. They broke the law and guess what? Prison is hard!! Well it should be!

How about helping those of us who are not incarcerated first. I'm one of 300 million Americans vs 24 million that need handouts. Repeal ACA!
When will you #LockHerUp @DNC @HillaryClinton & @JohnPodesta murdered #SethRich
Just woman????
How about addressing the sexist sentencing of people where women get 63% shorter sentences?!
Guess no dignity for men though......
Dignity for convicts, males or females, have made their own beds. Dignity sould be earned, not legislated.
Oh... a new mission. Non equality in prison but equality in the workplace. Make perfect liberal sense to me Pocahauntice
WHY? They put themselves in there!  If you do the crime, you do the time!

Dems are just like OBAMA... let the criminals out... more crime!
they do the crime they do the time.Booker wants black women released even when they commit murder.Train the women not to commit crimes
And they kill more children
I guess if they stopped committing crimes they wouldn't be incarcerated. #prisonershavelimitedrights. #dontgotojailandbefree. #MAGA
Release them all like Obama did for  drug dealers. Drug dealers now back in business and America is suffering. Prisioners are victims! Yikes
Why should women receive special treatment? If we are going to change how prisoners are treated then it should be for ALL prisoners
Did their victims receive dignity during the crime?
Why not focus on the victims of those same incarcerated women ?
What about dignity for the victims?
I am sure they are all great people that are just misunderstood!  Wtf beth.   They are in prison for a reason.  Maybe they can move by u!
As of Aug 23 2013 it cost NYC 168K to house each of 12.3K inmates (NYT). WHAT! Most funds go to gov employees and elected officials! #@~£* !
Correct if I'm wrong, as I know EVERYBODY no matter what planet gets a free education at taxpayers expense. Apparently college too now.
What more can the taxpayers do to accommodate the dumb and stupid? Three squares & roof over their head! I PAY FOR MINE! Sell BS elsewhere!
It is not rehabilitation it's being caged with animals and only the strongest survive.  Don't put a two year sentence with a lifer. Reform.
I was in Shattuck hospital in Jamaica Plains MA one summer. Female inmates in labor were handcuffed & shackled to bed
Women Shouldn't commit crimes. They should be having babies. That's a joke.
Maybe start with a power point entitled "Hey! Quit Breaking the Damn Law". It couldn't hurt.
Yawn.
Step 1, don't commit a crime . . .
How about caring about the vets and not the criminals
What's unconscionable is that you 2 idiots think my tax dollars should go to woman who broke the law for Kotex ?
If they were so concerned about their children at night why would they commit the crime?
Liberal Dumbocrat Assholes!
Maybe if Liberal Dumbocrats would stop handouts and actually the less fortunate there would be less incarceration
Perfect! Now idiot Dumbocrats are more concerned with female criminals than tax paying law abiding Americans! Idiots!
OMG your nuts, what do they deserve mani's and peti's with color coordinated cells
Because this is around the corner....
No wonder u phony democrats don't win elections
Why should they have any luxury, they broke the law. Besides your discriminating against men!
Maybe they shouldn't have broken the law in the first place. They need to pay for their bad choices.
Oh not just women.To be fair, EVERYONE is treated like dog shit, without a shred of dignity. It is supposed to reform people,not break them.
Heard locally-produced story describing how female inmates in Arkansas were officially prostituted during Depression to pay 4 incarceration.
So if your woman  & you broke the laws of our land your still victim OMG I am a hard working womanI don't want hand up or hand out from Gov!
Go Kidd Rock!!!!
How about changing our approach to men raping girls at college

Wait what... YOU LIED ABOUT YOUR ETHNICITY????
How about writing some legislation and trying to pass it rather than just blathering aspirationaly?
Bloody warren i.e. (goofy)just fishing for slave votes

Some people lie about their heritage just to get in a prestigious college.  Should we lock them up bloody warren??
I would like to see Pocahontas in jsil.
More sucking and nothing done.
Man hating women,get nowhere in life.
Why should women criminals even have dignity, they have tossed that,as the criminal MEN.
#Happy morning @SenWarren @CoryBooker We #Americans #People #Equality #StandTogether to change our country's approach to women with #dignity
Don't commit the crime if you can't do the time.  Tony Berreta


I understand...your just trying to smooth the way for Inmates Clinton, Lynch and Rice !  Oh how sweet...
THEY'RE CRIMINALS FOR GODS SAKE! THEY'RE IN PRISON. JESUS YOU ARE UNREAL.
giving women tampons or pads when they are on their periods, providing prenatal care for pregnancies &

Is that why she wants to change it because she and Hillary will be wearing jail jump suits
What about our vets living in shelters when they can get in and on the streets!They served us they didn't rob us !!! Cheap seat vote seeker!
Wth??!! The elderly are living in nursing homes that barely feed and take care of their needs after working their entire lives!! Good Lord
Oh please make it like a country club.Then I may b compelled to commit a crime and let the FED support me in my last days. Wasting our money
um? I am confused. So we are suppose to pitty them because they are women.  If they broke a law and the punishment is jail then so be it.
I'm with you.
If they are in prison they have no dignity. They obviously have a far greater problem
Seriously, this is what you are concerned about? Treating criminals better while you tax and regulate your constituents.  Jeff Diehl 2018
They are in prison they have no dignity. How else do you think they got there. Get real they would spit on you.
Have to be pretty desperate to want to speak for criminals. Nobody else wants you fighting for them. Why not help real people.
Don't commit a crime and then you don't have to go to jail and be away from your kids. What a concept?
Please try just one thing at a time Elisabeth. You never do any thing except talk. Focus cabinet picks for the president. You're a hater 
"Fake Facts" after 25 years in Federal Ct, I recall only 1-case a female was unfairly treated! In fact, women often get special treatment!

SERIOUSLY!! Nobody believes a word you say!! You go on TV & like Schumer lie through your teeth! God will get you do nothing worthless Dems
They are in prison for a reason! Warren Is The New Moron!
Yes & you care more about illegal aliens than law abiding citizens too. Gon figger.
Both of you should be in prison so this topic suits you both very well
I get it now your getting ready to go to prison and you want it to be easier. Good luck
Tell them to quit committing crimes  and it'll be real dignified especially for their victims. If you can't do the time don't do the crime
Oh please Pocahontas these are criminals. Other than your constant obstruction youre a do nothing and a complete embarrassment to the USA

Great that may help Hillary C,,,,Some day,,there;s still a chance she;ll be incarcerted,,,,one only hopes
Dream on! Trump and his family of minions will see a cell before anyone does
How about "Dignity for Incarcerated People?" (Yes I'm a feminist, yes women face diff problems, yes poverty is the reason most wmn r jailed)
Criminals do not have rights and do not warrant any preferential treatment. Period.
WE, the people, prefer criminals be treated like criminals. I cant afford the comforts u want for criminals.  U R Sick, horrible people
The most dignified thing you could so for women is to resign so you wouldn't embarrass them anymore.
Socialists Booker's purpose is glaring. No thought to crime victim's dignity. Criminals are INdignate by their very nature.
Why just women?  How about starting with getting rid of minimum sentenses?
 
End the Police--Prison Industry!
It's called personal responsibility. Don't blame anyone else for your poor decisions.
It's called prison for a reason. It's supposed to be uncomfortable
Meanwhile, the GOP wants to privatize all prisons so human suffering can once again be monetized like in the good old days of Dixie.
Aaand the criminals WILL be treated as CRIMINALS.
I thought we were supposed to be gender neutral
I support this, it's supposed to be rehabilitation?!
Even on this issue you are play identity politics- men make up 93% of the prison population- why wouldn't you focus on that???
You just proved how crazy you are. They are criminals. Deserve no dignity.
5. Thank you and Senator Booker for your caring work and compassion.
4. Who r imprisoned. They see criminals who deserve low life treatment. They don't see hurt people who may need help, education &!compassion
3.  Maybe we should study who prisons employ. I would bet a majority are trump supporters and not empathetic to the plight of the women...
2. Products. She complains her tax dollars should not go toward helping criminals use tampons. I was appalled to hear this from a woman!...
1. Sen Warren a classmate of mine works in a min. Security prison in upstate NY. She complains about the state spending money on sanitary...
Prisons are awful... Treating people like animals just because they committed a crime doesnt mean theyre cattle #stop #privateprisons
Question: Are they being treated any worse than incarcerated men? If it's about equality, shouldn't that apply in all situations?
Why are you showing a cartoon of 1 woman in a cell you need to add 3more in that same size cell
Stop breaking the law is a good start to not being incarcerated
Did you two dipshits just call these courageous women. Mothers who are not there for their children because of choice they made.
That is because they break the law. Maybe you should work on a culture that leads to people breaking the law.
This video opened my eyes. Prison is a Bitch for these Bitches!
You don't go far enough, if a Woman is convicted of a crime, no prison time.
Sen Warren sounds just like the genius who allowed females to give birth in jail
You're doing this so @HillaryClinton, @Iorettalynch, and Mrs Bernie Sanders have an easier new years while they serve time in jail. Kudos!
Nothing about how MEN are treated in prison?!

More proof of your misandry! 

#MenDontMatter
Nope. Go to Afghanistan. Then you can be happy!!
Let's just bring in Sharia Law, that will take care of all women issues.
@nowthisnews the are criminals not hotel guest
It's politicians like you 2 that write all the oppressive laws that get people locked up.
But would you stop locking women up for victimless crimes?  No
Please do and join them in jail.
I'm sure they were very dignified when they committed the crimes, silly woman.
Great, start with female ice detainees and trans people of color.
https://twitter.com/va_shiva/status/878250159968108544 …
@nwmalinowski
I thought women were equal with men. They are treated the same as men in prision. So what is the problem
Which special interest is paying Cory Booker to have an opinion?
Important #cjreform changes needed in jails, prisons, detention centers! Children r victims of bad choices, but also disregarded by policy..
TKU @SenWarren @CoryBooker 4 this #DignityForIncarceratedWomenAct, Important step forward! #cjreform
Important 4 all to try 2 gain a deeper understanding of these women & their children's lives. #DignityForIncarceratedWomenAct
#DignityForIncarceratedWomenAct For greater understanding Plz read RubyOnTheOutside by @noraraleighB TKU @SenWarren  @CoryBooker

Joking right?
.@SenWarren @CoryBooker Important #cjreform needed. #DignityForIncarceratedWomenAct vital step forward. Women's Rights Are #Humanrights
It's not a vacation retreat. It's PRISON.
Elitist such as yourself have no business making judgement calls on the working class.
Prison is not expected to be a country club Morons!!
Will your legislation also include protective measures for incarcerated transgender women?
How about a #DignityForCrimeVictims Act?
Is this idea coming from Hillary Clinton since she came so close to going to prison?
Everyone wants equality until they start getting equality. Smh
Why?
I don't think we need the Scandinavian model. Just better treatment for prisoners. M and F.
@nowthisnews a country's leadership can be measured by it's prisons, & the U.S. system reflects a sad state.
...it's PRISON not a spa !!! #priorities
What about the dignity of the victims? #priorities #piehole
All for the act, and all for you. @CoreyBooker not so much.
Agreed, we must address the basics..BUT Please let's focus energy on getting through ACA first; be worse if we lose ACA when they come out!
Agree
You and Cory should be jailed together in Alcatraz. Liars!
GOP thinks that's a labor force. Profit when they come in & profit with what they can have them make. We have plenty of slaves in the US
What? Are you serious? They're prisoners, they're criminals, get a life woman. They don't deserve anything. Why don't work for worker's?
Agreed basic needs should be addressed, but doing the crime = doing the time. Prison has to hard, its about paying that debt.
Equal time for equal crime
Im sorry but they are incarcerated for a reason, they committed a CRIME im they are fully aware of conseq.  when they make that decision
Still no idea what this law is supposed to do.
I'm surprised to hear both of you are opposed to equality. It isn't a part-time gig for use only when it benefits.
Here's an idea... want dignity? Don't break the law and stay out of jail.... see that was easy.

Their in jail because they are criminals but you're to stupid to figure it out
It's the same for #WomenBehindBars in the UK - our country's approach is very similar. #Dignity #ForgottenWomen
State convicts then the State is responsible for the basic living human needs. Rehabilitation isn't attacking prisoners with humiliation.
You can start with getting them to respect the law. People who respect the law don't go to prison.
Crime & punishment should be the same regardless of sex.  Saying "motherhood" should be different than "fatherhood" is sexist.

Thanks, For what u do! But there's a festering cancer within the Court system -millions arrestees r jailed w/o judge review- la jail snitch
I'm liberal. I'm a feminist. Please be careful with this. It's a slippery slope.
Why don't you spend a year finding out about life
in prison.  We will be rid of you for that time while
you learn.
How can a senator or representative in good conscience vote to throw 22mm Americans off the rolls while accepting free health for their fam
Please don't try and make @CoryBooker a thing
