Thank u for the passion & depth in ur testimony today about SCOTUS role in history & in our future in ensuring justice for "We The People"
Charles Kushner, Jarred's father is a convicted felon and served time in prison for tax evasion and illegal contributions
I know nothing about Jared Kushner! I see a very exciting young man with great potential! I hope Donald Trump doesn't stump his growth!
Thank you and the other democrats. Their next election, you're going down. Joe, Heidi, first up!
You are part of the problem and poison for this country.  Mr. Gorsuch is a great choice and should not be politicized.
Only an extreme fringe progressive would call Gorsuch an extreme choice. He has forgotten  more than you will ever know. Embarassing
why? More political theater...what a waste.
WOW! Impressive use of your time on the Senate flo. Thank you for a factual speech on why no to #SCOTUSnominee. I SURE HOPE YOU RUN IN 2020!
Luckily for us, confirmed new Supreme Court justice!
Trump#45
MAGA
Great speach Senator Booker. Thank you for standing up for what is right.
You did your thing, Mr. Booker   while looking very sharp, nice job
Don't give up!
Thank you.  Please continue to speak against his confirmation and against changing the rules so GOP can vote him in.
Poor decision. Not in the best interest of America. Only in the best interest of Democratic Party.Too bad!!!
You rocked!
tired of the Dem vs Rep when are you going to work together for the people #SCOTUS
36 year old Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump, must not be allowed to take over the reigns of America's foreign policy!
How can someone with no experience in war footing or Military strategy like Jared Kushner, have his hand over our General
 #fighter
go Cory we love you 
Trump's military strategies on the blame game on " Black Obama " Trump can't hide behind Obama! " Trump's over his head!
Neil Gorsuch is an integral cog in Bannon, Trump, Putin's scheme of dismembering the fabric of US institutions! Stop him!
I'm sending you strength and love to stand in your conviction and know that we're all behind you @SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker
Thank you for speaking out and standing up!
Your Party is Racist http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/because-...-he-is-latino-the-glorious-history-of-the-democrats-filibuster-fight/article/2539664 …
We deserve a consensus nominee not one who values corporate interests above American citizens.
Thank you!
So disappoint in you!  He is soooo qualified.  Revenge shows character.
#scotus #gorsuch  should be confirmed
@CoryBooker @cspan Sen Cory Booker going into great detail why he is voting against Neil Gorsuch. He has not ruled for the people over corp.
Your spew was ridiculous and redundant. You made no actual point! Not one! You do not stand for "we the people".
Thanks Senator, you rocked it. I hope they listened.
It is in the best interest of your constituents to confirm this guy
Cory you are a beacon of moral clarity and leadership in these dark days. Thank you.
YOU LOST, learn to live with it.............there is nothing wrong with Gorsuch.
#thankYou
The worst kind of politics! Ideology over pragmatism.
You should be ashamed of yourself for spouting Media Matters BS out of your mouth!  You must be part of the Luciferian agenda!  #MAGA
If Gorsuch was nominated by Obama you would be voting in favor, stop being a sore loser that Garland didn't get nomination.
The law is law, is this all you have against Gorsuch. Driver should have made the fuel stop he missed and none of this would have happened.
Blatherskite ... LOL  ... You need to keep all your knowledge to Islam.
Wasting your time @GOP
Do you thinl people are really believing the bs you are spewing. You are going to lose so stop wasting airtime on CSpan
Standing with you Sir.
U r what is wrong with government
Thank you, Sen. Booker! You make me proud to be a NJ native.
Every democrat should just say Merrick Garland's name! #MerrickGarland
Thank you Senator Booker for being the voice of the people of N. J.
Thank you for fighting for us. @BarackObama was treated with no respect by GOP from day  one through his final year-- refused his nominee
What a shame, a good judge -
We passed you on your way today! You looked focused. Thank you for your work Senator!
Partisan hacks like YOU need to go! We need people who exercise common sense!
Because you would recognize a lawful Judge if you tripped over one!
Hypothetical-- if HRC was president and put forth Gorsich, would you vote him in?  Yes you would, proves the point, your a Hypocrite.
u cant stop Gorsuch. Man up & dont force the nuke option
Thank You Senator!
As one of your constituents I'm asking you not to cave under any circumstances
Why Cory? Because he is a republican nomination time to grow up respect the position u work for the people this is extremely childish
I like and respect you Mr. Booker, but I think you're wrong here. I know you have a political score to settle, but be better than them.
Right after Gorsuch is confirmed,the new #AHCA will be passed.Good news is it will cover injuries sustained while getting nuked. Sign up now
You are speaking for many many people! Thanks
Thanks for taking the time to meet with our members before the #SCOTUS floor debate. We appreciated getting a slice of your time.
I know you will deliver a great speech! Go Senator Booker!
just turned and had the DISpleasure of seeing Cruz face. Are you coming up next?
I'd rather drink gasoline.
Why don't I see the link on his fb page?
I wish like anything we weren't here, but here we are.  So I'm standing with you and my senator, @SenBobCasey. Go get 'em.
Speak for us!!!
You have the support of your constituents. Thank you!
Kill them with kindness like only you can do!
Thank you. Go get them!
Stand strong we support you #strongestlink
This will be your last term...
Talk about impeachment and why someone under criminal investigation for treason should get to pick SCOTUS
Sic 'EM! Stand for US Cory!
Get over yourself.  Take off the rose colored glasses and see how the liberal party is imploding from within.  Show some integrity.
Go get'em!
Go, Cory, go!
There should be not vote to fill SCOTUS seat until after the 2018 midterm elections.  The American people deserve a voice in this decision.
Such a childish attitude, do you realize obummer placed 2 supreme court justices on the bench,  a 3rd would have been undressed of, grow up
Wish good going there.. 
Thank you
