McConnell "engaged and serious." White House "all hands on deck." Rs whipping votes this week, already at 49.
Mon 9/18: GOP leadership confers. (YOU CALL SENATE 202-224-3121)
Tue 9/19: GOP caucus lunch. (CALL PROTEST)
Wed: Senate goes home, Rosh Hash
All Sens home Wed 9/20-Mon 9/25. FIND THEM & PROTEST. Luther Strange (R-AL) away for primary vote thru Tue 9/26. So repeal could go Wed 9/27
McConnell will only sched a vote if knows he has enough Rs to pass: 50. If he does, vote will be btw Wed 9/27 & Fri 9/29. Yom Kippur = 30th.
Senate Parliamentarian won't allow a vote unless there's a CBO score. CBO has been instructed to put all else aside to focus on repeal bill.
DANGER: CBO normally gives score for COST ($) and for COVERAGE (# ppl who lose insurance). But *only $ req'd for Senate vote.*
CBO scores showing tens of millions of Americans will lose insurance coverage has helped derail past repeal votes. R solution: vote w/o #s
GOP hopes to ram through repeal vote before CBO figures out how many people will lose their insurance. Immoral—but also malevolently clever.
Ds pushing CBO to not release fiscal impact without also showing coverage impact. Unclear who'll prevail. Anyway: CBO score week of 25th.
Two more notes about timing. 1st: McCain has said no vote w/o hearings. So Johnson (R-WI) saying he'll hold a farcical "hearing" before 30th
Johnson hearing would be joke: not in relevant committee, not regular process. We'll see if McCain says it's enough.
If GOP believes they have the votes, hearing done, fiscal CBO score in hand, they move to vote sometime 9/27-29... with ZERO hours of debate
ZERO hours of debate? Yes. Budget reconciliation votes require 20h of debate—but technically those hours already happened, back in July.
Explanation. The Senate is officially considering the bill the House passed, the AHCA. Each Trumpcare bill is just an "amendment" to AHCA.
The big votes that failed in July were votes to substitute new repeal bills in place of AHCA. Graham-Cassidy is just another amendment.
Senate has never had a final vote on Trumpcare—it took up AHCA, burned through 20h of debate, put it back on legislative calendar, waited.
So our job is to create massive, unignorable pressure on Senate Republicans NOT to commit to voting Y on Trumpcare. If we succeed, no vote.
If we fail, the vote will come. There'll be one last hurdle: "vote-o-rama," where Ds & Rs can offer unlimited amendments & each gets a vote.
Key: If Rs don't pass Trumpcare by 11:59pm on Sat Sep 30, fiscal year ends, they hit deadline. Suddenly, they'd need 60 votes instead of 50.
Ds will have hundreds or even thousands of amendments ready to go. In theory, goal would be to run out the clock past deadline. BUT...
As you might remember from the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch, Rs can change Senate rules whenever they want, if they have 50 votes.
So if McConnell has 50 votes for repeal, expect him (w/tie-break assist from Pence) to shut down vote-o-rama before the buzzer & pass bill.
If Senate passes repeal bill, it goes to the House, which will have to pass it w/o changing a word. Deadline doesn't apply there. Then Trump
House-Senate conference committee impossible b/c of Senate deadline. So, if Senate passes, text is final. We'd fight in House; outlook grim.
That's the timeline. Next, targets & tactics. Note—not getting into policy details in this thread. Suffice to say, bill is brutal & deadly.
(To understand the policy, suggest you follow @ASlavitt @TopherSpiro @charles_gaba & read http://cbpp.org  website)
Targets: First, McCain. Crucial. He's going back & forth in public statements. Hard to count as hard no. E.g. Sep 6:
Today on TV, McCain said wants regular order & bipartisan bill. Also has said he'll support if Gov Ducey supports.
McCain on support for transgender & DREAMer servicemembers. "What are we going to say? 'Pack up, you have to go back to El Salvador'?" 
SO: if you're from AZ, call John McCain in DC & all state offices daily... & call Gov. Ducey, 602-542-4331. Urge NO & praise bipartisanship.
Second: Lisa Murkowski. Courageous NO last time. *Hasn't publicly committed this time.* In AK? Look for upcoming protests & CALL DAILY.
McCain and Rand are no votes. Waiting on Maine and Alaska.
Call, email, be a pain in their puppet asses.#makeamericanotsadagain
Will CNN debate with BernieSanders be a major distraction? How do we not lose momentum on stopping G-C? Single payer debate can hold 1 week
My mom's last 2 Doctors retired early in the last 2 years of her life because of Obamacare. She died in my arms over stupid mistakes May 29.
They said u can keep your Dr, but they lied. She ended up dying over something stupid, because her last Dr. was a total stranger to her.
Each State receives grant from Fed Gov; then States find insurance company? Disaster! All GOP is doing is shifting responsibility to States
Someone needs to do a report on all the money CASSIDY is getting from PACs and some health groups.
Perhaps .@BillCassidy can tell us the dollar amount himself.
Let’s cut this fucking thread right now! I’ll make a deal dipshit. Let’s rescind the exemptions then it might be ok, FOR NOW. #snakeoil
In the end we will have Obamacare.  What we won't have is the Congress that kept it.
Move http://on.org ! Soros Millions funded Anti-America , socialist ,Globalization,liberal anti-trump.Of course Socialism group!
You believe anything Soros says about America.His own home country has banned him?Ben is his mouthpiece! Of course he hates anything TRUMP!
@benwikler I'm the guy at the beginning of this video. I'm endorsing @AndyKimNJ for congress.
I'm a DC resident that will be screwed if ACA is repealed. I have zero (real) representation in Congress. What should I (& other dcers) do?
CALL YOU SENATORS!!

@jasonpblock @jimmykimmel  must-read thread on  #GrahamCassidyHellerJohnson farcical "process" for 9/27-29 vote.  @votevets @physicianwomen
My Senator is on my side I wonder if everyone can say the same
Call CBO & demand they work 24-7 2 release a score b4 the bill goes to a Senate vote!  I just called.  202-226-2602 #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA
Take action today: Use the auto-dialer 844-700-2785 & call your GOP Senator. Tell them to vote NO.  #MedicareForAll
Let's repeal all of these ass holes who vote to repeal next year
Anything to distract from Russian Collusion
Meanwhile!! 
For generations, ppl have fought to protect democracy. Now it’s our turn. Watch Morgan Freeman explain Russia’s plot to undermine the U.S. 
Really important thread - gives the detailed timeline  
 RED HOT ALERT!
Yep.  It's back.  Evil doers at work again.  Probably pretty much the same.  Just sponsored and twisted by different different thugs.
danger stranger!!!
How about putting this all together in a doc or blog post so it can easily be shared through email or facebook or Twitter? #TooManyTweets
We've always been told to call our own Representative. We can call the others in your list now? My own senator is Cassidy. 
Where will dying elderly go without Medicaid? Call your Senators.
For those that want to donate, who are the key groups that can deploy funds immediately to this fight?
Eric, you've changed.
Not really, it's the rest of the world that's gone mad :)

RED ALERT--THIS IS AN antifah DOG WHISTLE. BEN IS CALLING ALL antifah! @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh @dbongino @gun4hyr @GregGutfeldShow
Please read and please act!  There is nothing more important until September 30th.
@TruthEqualsFact 
AGREED, call your elected representatives and senators. CALL call call call till you drop
It's like a bad Spielberg movie.
GOP will push Granny out of the nursing home when they end Medicaid. They are monsters.
McCain's Tucson office still had room on their voicemail (520) 670-6334. The Phoenix number was full.
We all know, he was going to try again secretly. The question should be, will American stand for it. #TrumpResign
How did they get to 49? What about the three republicans who voted no last time? Have they caved?
I'm sure that any1 who voted 4Trump cares  if it gets repealed bc they knew he was going 2do if he got elected hope they're notnow
heartless @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SpeakerRyan @GOP just want 2 take healthcare away from million 4 yuge tax cut 4 rich don't let them uall
Will do. My daughter's likely 1 of many special needs kids who'd likely lose services AND meds necessary to function! I'm in it for the kids
Call your senators its easy
Such drama! #GiveMeABreak

Call, email, fill the streets. We. Will. Not. Accept. This. We will show our great displeasure in 2018. be warned, GOP.
(202) 224-3121
I live in AZ and feel powerless. Flake is a firm yes, and McCain says he'll follow Gov. Ducey's advice, i.e. vote yes. What can I do.
Call... Voice your opinion
@JedediahBila @TheView I will miss you. You were good.
Dam right, lets pass it this time!
Reminder.

Text  * resist *  to  50409

It will directly fax your Sen or Rep for you!!!
We're on it!!
I made this a few moments ago. I feel it is relevant to your request for activism, you need far more than just the activists. Good luck.
@tttthreads unroll
Greatings @Slater_Kristen It is the link: https://tttthreads.com/t/909511445880111104 …
Hope you'll like it. Share if you want.
They know the ppl don't want,
They don't care, they only care about destroying Obama's legacy..
The @SenateGOP are very sorry Granny has to die, but millionaires and billionaires desperately need more money from American taxpayers.
Not just Granny...all ages including children.

What can those of us w/ D Senators do? I have contacted mine to encourage them to try to talk their R colleagues to vote No.
That's what I want to know too.
I called both of my D Senators today to urge them to fight ACA repeal. Their phones were not busy. Call now!!!
.@USCBO - Don't release new healthcare bill $ w/out coverage impact - people's lives depend on it!!
Can I get an abridged version pl0X
Good. Hopefully this time it will finally get repealed.
please don't let apathy win. They want to wear down our resolve. Engage! Resist! Act!
Please @SenSanders - take a pause from "single payer!!" It's confusing ppl about the current AHCA vote and we're losing ppl we need!!!
These assholes are like cockroaches. They never quite seem to give up no matter what you do.
Please @KamalaHarris - take a pause from "single payer" - it is confusing the current ACHA vote in the senate & losing ppl we need!!!
Stay tuned: new @TCFdotorg analysis of #GrahamCassidy bill coming soon from Jeanne Lambrew & team #SaveOurCare #NoRepeal
Get Fired Up ! Keep calling Senators @ 202-224-3121 & alert folks on Twitter, Facebook,Snapchat,text, calls! Stop push to repeal ACA Pass on
This just in: GOP shows signs of spinal growth.  Hope for end to ACA nears. #NoSlaveryForDoctors #JustSayNoToGovtHealthCare #ChelseaHubbell
Bets are on:  Joe Manchin and Heidi Heitkamp will vote with the GOP.
Hi, Ben. Who are the KEY SENATORS to call, in addition to our own? Thanks. @physicianwomen @AARPadvocates @votevets @womensmarch
SHIELDS UP!  ALL HANDS TO BATTLESTATIONS!  Seriously though this isn't a joke please stop them.
No! You mean the 100th declaration repeal is dead turned out to be wrong? I thought that would be the clincher.
Dump the ACA subversive monstrosity, now.
All hands on deck! Call senators, reps, urge them or thank them - vote no on #GrahamCassidy
Make your call it's easy
I hope the strong brave women of the Senate @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins will stand firm & vote no on harmful #ACA bill. Help us pls.

'cause Obamacare is going great!
NYT reports US will spends billions for a public works program in Kabul, while it refuses to provide health care for all in the US.

Well, has anyone made changes to the last one, or are they trying to scam millions of people again.
Time to see who stands up for the People that know how much the Pres and his cronies try to change lives for the worse. ACA saved lives!!!
They are not going to be happy until no one has affordable health care. They can't leave it alone because Obama's name is attached to it.Sad

Call, Text 50409 & Resist, & contact your senators by email. This is so important for all of us!
On Thom Hartmann show, caller brought up this txt. Host said it is best to call in morning & then in afternoon. Calls r better than txt.
Thanks, I've done both. I call local & DC office, plus Tweets & emails.
All the work all of you are doing is amazing. You rock 
Who cares if the shitty AHCA is amended?Oh that's right,the sorry asses who don't pay the ridiculous premiums and other payments associated
If it don't get amended, have fun waiting in line or being denied in the near future. Bunch of non-self reliant dolts.
"How do you call yourself Christian if you don't care for the poor and needy". Believe it or not I do. Help them to get on their feet
Don't hand them everything like a toddler, at taxpayers expense. Then they only become more dependent. Ever notice how many people in low
Income areas, stay in low income areas. You know why?Because the don't create the incentive to go out earn more.Everything is givin to them
Indivisible script for calling Dem senators
Let them do it, it's suicide for the GOP
This thread is incredible. Thank you, Ben! I wish I knew how to share a thread, not just 1 tweet. Maybe sharing the OP will work? Hopin'!
Dear Hollywood. Suck it. Lol. You crybabies.
No! Not again! This is a vendetta against the previous administration!
@ChelseaClinton 
Let's hope it's better than your Mommy's proposal. That was a successful as the voyage of the Spruce Goose.
Great news!!!
ACA repeal means more sick folks, means more lost work days, means more loss work prod.  ACA repeal is bad for workers and bad for business.
You are awesome. You can also just write it out and screenshot.
Fuck this. It's Monday. It's EARLY Monday. I haven't even had coffee, yet, @SenateMajLdr which means you've done pissed me off.
Can we organize a national day of Save Healthcare rallies all around America? This Friday? This Saturday? When? What do you think?
Drama much?

#ACA
What's stopping us from adding an amendment that removes "ppl over 65" on medicare and turning this into single payer?
There had to be a reason for the puerile golf-ball tweet:  another shiny object.  #SaveTheACA
DEFEAT GOP HEALTH CARE REPEAL
@MoveOn Americans:
@mikefarb1 Toomey is useless but I will call seeking a guarantee that state taxes won't be raised to cover fed shortfall. 
202-225-3121 START CALLING!!
This whole thread
It's getting repealed. Deal with it. It became inevitable on November 8th, 2016.
If you people could win some friggin elections we wouldn't be in this position.
If it wasn't for dimwits like you and move on, we would probably already have a working affordable healthcare solution.
It's time Republican legislators start wrkng 4 all Americans instead of just to keep their job. Term limits.
And accept Koch money
Needing you now so much, @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain @SenAlexander Please vote no.
Thanks for the briefing and resources. Tonite you're a superhero...Yu
*tu*
How many times are we going to have to do this? The stress is unbelievable.
These are evil ruthless people. How the fuck did we get here? We're gonna need a country to help us change our regime before long.
Oh shit. I need all my twiends to see this. Hugs
If only we ALL could be like this!! 
@NPR @CNN @nbc @ABC @CBS @FoxNews you guys all really need to start covering ACA repeal efforts again.  Shine your light!
To the phones again, but my  reps @RepAnnWagner & @RoyBlunt are sheep & vote way they r told. Fine leadership guys! Back under your desks
Please tell Bernie & Co to wait on their alt M4A plan - it will dilute the message we don't want ACA repealed. WTF? Wrong time for that!!!
I just sent him and Kamala Harris the same message!!! They're confusing the problem for people!!!!
This is an attack on the lives of Americans and should be called what it is: economic terrorism.
How many other developed countries make poor sick people beg for politicians for their lives over and over? Goddamn psychopaths.
Amen!!!!!
It seems that every Republican in Congress is a psychopath or close to it. We've gone so wrong.
Every single person who likes this tweet should call their Congressperson and Senators tomorrow
Pick up the phone and keep calling!
(202) 224-3121

Tell senators vote NO on Graham-Cassidy bill & no using kids as human shields.
McConnell, Graham and the GOP are just trying to line their pockets. As if they aren't rich enough already...
And keeping everyone else down! Weak and sick can't resist the strong and wealthy, makes us grateful for crumbs
It's disgusting & cruel that @GOP continually terrorizes public with threats to take away health care for millions.
It's only a matter of time. The rich will never pay their fair share. How dare us even ask.
@SenJohnMcCain please stand up for the people of the U S who need healthcare!
My group has mtg. schd. at Flake's Tucson office tomorrow. Not that it will influence him a whit but we are compelled to speak out.

So tired of this constant bull, however will FIGHT for our American Health Care we Deserve

@thenewstribune @thenewstribune @KIRO7Seattle @KIRORadio - we need you to let everyone know about TrumpCare 3.0.  They need to fight back!
from one dem to a senate dem: no. it isn't up to the people. the people elected you. do your job and fight like you mean it
IT'S TIME TO FIND DIRT ON THE GOP AND FAST
WE NEED @Acosta TO HELP US FIGHT BACK
IF ANYONE CAN HELP US
IT WILL BE JIM ACOSTA...!!!
WHERE IS THE FUCKING PRESS????
Time to expose the GOP
And the time is now...!!!
Will @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski and @SenJohnMcCain save us again? 
#ProtectOurCare #SaveACA @SenateDems
Let me see. I am the guy who said he never was that hero. He's a GOP pos.
what's the best way to fight back when your senators are already revved up democrats?
I'm wondering the same.
CALL YOUR Reps - CALL YOUR Senators - our healthcare is NOT ON THE TABLE
FOR GOP TO DUMP millions+threaten lives of 1000's,Seniors,Vets,Kids
if you actually thought that the health care issue was dead in the water - guess again - they will keep trying until they get enough votes
FFS.  That's all got

.@LindseyGrahamSC  shows his mean streak - 10s of M to lose #ACA and 10s Ms more with pre-existing conditions - disgusting
Thank you for this thread. It's exhausting, but they won't beat us. We can do this!
Vote will be the same as before unless they flip Manchin.
@benwikler -Entire thread is a must read. GOP pulling out every dirty trick to ram this thru."We the People" can/will stop this 1 more time!
#CassidyGraham Bill is almost as awful as T4 protocol the Nazi used when it came to disabled people. We can't let this happen
Leave it to the Traitors in Congress to refuse to hold Traitors in the WH accountable. "Complicit"
@tttthreads unroll
Hola @tmschnell For you the unrolled version => https://tttthreads.com/t/909511445880111104 … as promissed. Share if you want :)
This is fantastic. I was going to try to piece of together myself. Thank you.
Really
I just did .. I encourage everyone to do the same - it's very easy, just follow the prompts
This is a nightmare version of The Groundhog Day Movie! They just won't stop!
Call your Senators right away. Hopefully one more time!  While you're at it ask them to fund Obama care
Everybody needs to READ THIS
Another way to help after 9/30. VOTE in midterms #voteBlue #FlipItBlue
Hope you don't mind if I retweet this as often as I can. Thanks. 
No worries, @SenSanders has this under control.
Are they THAT crazy??
If they're at 49 then @@SenAlexander is throwing out all bipartisan effort to fix ACA with @PattyMurray ??
Thank you @benwikler
Excellent thread.. full of information, suggestions as to how to help STOP this Healthcare REPEAL!
Urgent: take action this week.
How in the world is it possible for this to happen, when most Americans don't support it? I keep asking myself this question.
Because the 1% isn't satisfied having billions more $ than most other people. They staged a coup and installed DJT. #Resist @StopBigMoney
Could you give me the source for that graphic? I really like it and would like to use it if the source is reliable!

Hi @diceiplier777 - thank you for posting the link to the video. 

@lindsaynholmes - do you think it is a credible source? I do.
if citizens dont get it by now, when will they? repugs dont give a shit bout this country## #RepugsCareAboutProfitOnly there is no debate
@SenMcCain will flip his vote! unless some1 else steps forward that leaves Pence 2 make this law. ques is can @senchuckschumer delay
