
if Cory booker runs for POTUS we will have Trump for another 4 years. Hillary 2.0
I share that fear, @bsmith96933760 - But (1) @CoryBooker has charisma HRC didn't and (2) There is still time for him to get off Wall St teet
I have no faith in corporate Dems. They  Their corporate donors more than they care about their constituents
Senator Booker ! Congress needs to investigate Flynn and Russian connection. Why did @POTUS risk national security?
And yet you voted against affordable drugs to ppl who desperately need it
He voted against importing unchecked drugs from Canada. Then he voted for drug cost reduction. Memes are not news.
Oh, yeah. Those super dangerous unchecked drugs manufactured by U.S. Companies & sold in that he'll hole 
Asking for a check is not ridiculous. Being denied that Amendment was.
No such denial existed. Booker's bosses made that up.
excellent. That's new information. Do you have a citation or just what you feel is a witty gif?
Citation from The Intercept
What year are you planning to be POTUS? 2020 or 2024?
Both.
didn't say @CoryBooker when faced with opportunity to side with the people instead of Big Pharma #GottaGetPaid
If you don't understand his actual vote, don't talk about it. This never happened. Memes are not news.
#BlackHistoryMonth draw a line through month replace it with 365. A red black and green line #DoForSelf
Persisting for the rest of our lives, with love and truth for all following generations. #MLK
I bet many Americans now look at ppl in USA History like MLK & now know just how courageous he actually was during those time!
listen, Senator. When it's time to do right, vote that way. Don't vote against the sick. #corporateDem
Well said.
juez yo voted por usted y bob menendes se me parte el alma como separar las familias
YES! ! But we need more grass roots  leaders... instead of the all talk on medua channels with  NO  foot  work
better to walk the walk then just talking the talk right big Pharma darling
The irony of posting a MLK picture after voting against something he advocated for. He advocated for cheaper healthcare.
@SenBookerOffice and your wrong BOOKER4HOOKER
please run for president in 2020. I will vote for you
I hate u Corey, about as much as I hate @SheriffClarke #100,000sunscorey #100,000suns
Good month to watch "Hillary's America" U don't have to agree with @POTUS but sad to say that U are on the wrong team Mr. Booker
please let's start doing RIGHT by our HOMELESS AMERICAN PPL SICK MOTHER CHILDREN SENIOR & DISABLED ppl now
maybe you should think a little more about that. You are no MLK
How do I accept MLK cheating on his wife who was home
with his 4 little children between the great leader and educator he was?
Just because he wasn't perfect doesn't mean he didn't do great things.
then do your job and respect your #POTUS
you mean respect the position, right? Respect is earned, something our "so-called" potus hasn't done.
Yes, position. Respect earned~you're right. But seems many forgot respect for #democracy & country despite PofV
Cory booker señor ayuden nuestra comunidad los están tratando como perro hagan algo para parar eso ni siquiera pueden ver un
And the time is right for President Don to tell us which tax returns being audited, when audits began, if IRA can confirm.
@SenBookerOffice We still need a Seal team to rescue the MLK bust from the Oval but here's pic and quote meanwhile.
-- Senator Booker-- I need you help on a violation of Federal Policy affecting my son here in NJ
Yes! It's PAST TIME!  Much respect Mr @CoryBooker 
We are in need of a lot of right #MakeAmericaSmartAgain
Thank you for posting this and for building bridges not walls.
Yes!!
Another symbol for booker. Never substance. Useless quotes and happy sayings to make urself look meaningful #emptysuit
were is the aisian history month and Europe history month. Guess past history of others cultures is pointless.
"build a wide and deep coalition" Cory
Amen to that let's hope we don't keep seeing all the wrongs of the past returning
Cory Booker: big pharma's little boy. He voted against lowering drug prices for the sick in exchange for monetary contributions
oh that photo so upsets me - hope you won't mind if I post this to balance out the effects.
Really?! You have the nerve to post this when you can't be bothered to do what's right?  Where's your drug legislation?!
then do it and stop playing politics with cabinet nominees! Your flip on school choice and vouchers show true self!
MLK is right!  All you senators should take pay cuts.
True.  So what are you going to do for the Afro-American community other than tell them you will help them  but you really won't
KEEP THAT IN MIND !!
I was there for his I Have A Dream speech. It changed my life.
RT @thesteveorlando: RT @CoryBooker: "The time is always right to do right." –MLK #BlackHistoryMonth
So start giving The President of the United States a Fuc$ing chance? You are just another Snowflake!
A chance to reduce government tracking of white supremacist hate groups? Done. #resist
You Dems.been in charge for 8 years. It's what's got us to this point . Sad so Sad
#goodtrouble 
It's never wrong to fight for equality!
#resist
This great man would be ashamed of what so called "black leaders" like you are doing to this country.  MLK=hero, CB=zero
How does a racist like Cory Booker get elected and nobody protests.
Always. Especially when it's most difficult...
Don't get caught up and accidently drive the wedge.
ya Cory then y do black leaders guide poor blacks back into poverty - u need racism to justify the dem party-WE R ON TO THE DNC
then do the right thing and cut the strings to ur master big pharm!
White people hated him, arrested him, called him..., killed him.  And then Denied him.
when is white history month
Jan, Mar, Apr, May, June, July, Aug, Sept, Oct, Nov & Dec
lol
Cory explain to us about Martins Infidelity and how many times he was caught. You choose to hide it? Where is your religion?
We as US citizens must advanced together for equality, and can never rest on our laurels or be indolent lest we fall, we fail!
Agreed!
it's also Hammer time
thank you for being awesome! A bright light in these dark times.
AND RIGHT is U & others all dump stocks & not profiting from Trumps positive effect & surge in stock market.!
May we never forget this.
yes it is. Have a blessed Sunday.
But it's Sunday now and you can bet that I'm still not going to do the right thing. #BlackHistoryMonth #SorryNotSorry #2020
Wednesday, I feel better just for spite. Thursday and Friday take too long. Before I know it, Saturday's gone...
that's right Senator Booker
The GOP leaders in Washington simply cannot comprehend that quote! It's a chilling reality! 
heed your own advice Booker!!!! Grow a pair or get out of the way!! We're watching you!!!!
I agreed with u he's a traitor of he's own ideologies
Except for Monday, which was never good anyway. Tuesday I get a little sideways....
ur so out of line here. He has done great things in NJ.
Y Booker say this? We are doing right...by restricting entry to US based on religion and ignoring lame Constitution 4 losers!
Please take heed to these quoted words!
watching you on upclose.  Thanks for speaking up!
