It's way past due.Humpty-Trumpty needs to give up his office to @HillaryClinton  .  THE ELECTION WAS A FRAUD
the day the left died..oh that's right election day 2016.
If you are a Republican, you are NOT a Christian.  Go read your Bible and learn about Jesus.  LOVE YOUR NEIGHBOR.
We do. They're the homeless vets, children, families, all Americans Democrats step over to kiss enemy ass.
Huh. I don't see any Republican effort to help vets, children, or families...
Most liberals are agnostics or atheists, so yes, the Conservatives do the Lord's work.
most liberals think actually doing good deeds is better then pretty words.
so true.  Jesus COMMANDED us 2 LOVE OUR NEIGHBORS.  It wasn't a suggestion. Repubs r in a cult
oh Cory. Your career is ruined over the Sessions incident. Go away and hide.
Create bad enough policy That it taken to court w/in  week &half? and denied by 2 court systems.
spare me Rebecca. When it gets to a real court all of those decisions will be overturned.
As compared to a fake court with so-called judges?  use that line next time you go to court.
do you have a 401K Rebecca ? Take a look at its growth over the last few months. Because of DT
You do know 45 has only been pres since Jan 20. 2017? Anything before hand? HE DID NOT  DO. oy vey
@maudglib AND the Yemen raid so Such doesn't happen again!
@MoMan60 Voting Americans deserve how far Russia owns Trump! We are owed that! @CoryBooker
FULL INVESTIGATION!  #Trumprussia #flynnghazi #lyingtrump
If only you were in some sort of position to do something about that, Mr. Senator.
Senator Booker please do everything you can to push for an independent investigation. This all smacks of treason. #impeach
@CoryBooker The hearings are long overdue! Let it be by an independent party!
@starshipminivan  y'all lost. Quit whining and dividing and do your damn jobs
So... do you have any evidence to indicate that there should be an investigation?
Senator Booker I want to know what right does the Republicans to take away our Obamacare. I dont want cheap uselss insurane
Long over due. And Senator booker can the people take the Republican congress to court for dropping Obamacare
amd well gonna look into illegal clinton server and e mails?
@luckybastard77 Stop spreading lies!!
@katieaune #liberaltears
Overdue.
the Russia propaganda is being used to hide the Democrats dirty deeds in Libya and Aleppo
What can we do about getting our hands on 45s tax returns? That better not be dead, is it?
yes please
yes!
Definitely... They are more worried about protecting Trump than the country itself. USA is losing its identity.
The Republicans have been putting party over country for years. They're now doing it on steroids.
They've been putting their greed, careers (senator Booker!) & Power over the good of the country
You mean the democrats? Booker's a democrat. You know that, right?
what about HRC selling uranium to the Russians? Where was your outrage then? Hypocrisy???
In Total Agreement.
Yes. Trump v's Truth!
thank you for listening to your constituents Senator!!!!
he's only started speaking out so he can get to a higher office.
that's all fine and good, but what about the DNC and Hillary colluding with the media & hijacking the primary from Bernie?
Yes it is
Price gouging by Big Pharma will kill far more people today than the Russians.
The Russian problem is a far bigger threat to democracy and security!
obama's ties to muslim brotherhood was a far bigger threat and no outrage on true treason
Because there was none fool! Quit getting your info from fox, alex jones and Breitbart
I thought you should know that someone has hijacked your twitter account and is posting incredibly stupid things.
@jessicaladosca @POTUS Yes, let get it done  The American people deserve the truth on how deep Trump the Russian are!!
Don't forget about #Ukraine's confirmed attempt to influence the election #DNC #Hillary #Corruption
@CoryBooker while ur at it investigate 3 brothers who did IT work for Dems #nationalsecurity
he won't touch it becuz it's right wing propaganda
right wing propaganda yeh, that's why the Federal Government fired them Thursday. 
according to the Daily Caller which is not credible
been time, for a long time
-> Still mad about that #HillaryClinton thing? Get over it. #ElectionsHaveConsequences #HewonShelostGetoverit
Past time.
#StandForUs #WeStandWithYou
what's the timeline on this? Seems it should be priority.
You didn't care about national security when Obama admin. was paying ransoms to Iran, or providing weapons to enemies.
they've been so brainwashed by emails. DJT whole cabinet can resign and they will still blame obama Hrc and msm
it's unfortunate Americans that support DJT and sanders refuse to  see what's happening in front of them
@abby_518 Subpoena tax returns in meantime.
@DonnaFlowerree Mr Booker please please continue to STAND UP& RESIST we NEED YOU#RESIST #STANDUPFORUSMRBOOKER
Stay on this! Can't let GOP fake-investigate Trump-Russia! Need independent #SpecialProsecutor @SenateMajLdr
@Kelly6358633 
Thank you Senator! The American people are behind you.
Got it under control, bro.
The Senate Intel committee I am member of will add Flynn situation to our bipartisan probe of Russia & 2016 election http://wapo.st/2lGUXYA?tid=ss_tw-bottom …
corrupt nature of Trump WH advances Putin Global interest by weakening Alliance interest attacking WH auth by corrupting WH
Yes please
hope you are following @20committee. He's two steps ahead of everyone.
democratic rule of law declining Globally as fascism authoritarism expands engulfing US in ccorruption for monopolization.
USA Plz RT @SenBookerOffice in solidarity for USA need hearings to protect the sanctity of our elections from foreign intruders. @AkosuaCook
how about his tax returns?
I support you!
You need to focus on importing cheap prescription drugs into the US. We are watching you.
YUP
The GOP needs to do their job - they work for the US people
We must shame the GOP into doing the right thing.  Keep up the pressure. There may be Members who are as guilty, remember.
: DO the Primary rigging before you touch the GenElection Booker- America is still disgusted w/DNC elites
Thank you  @SenatorBooker  from one of your constituents.
God, stop talking about it, and DO SOMETHING!!!!!!!!!!
Amen yes.
Bless you. You are our hope. You are our voices.
@gullsimpression pls demand independent investigation Hearing GOP & Chaffetz want to cover it up & move on- TY
@vidalexperience Make It Happen Sir! @CoryBooker
@kincaid323 the longer it takes for hearings, the more chance Trump has to cover up.
right with you. Now can we have a Dems all out strike on congress till we investigate how Russia bought  US election?
he won by default of cheating something he's good at3xs married
@vela_mary YES!!!
YES YES YES-Congress do your job
@sweetnonnie @realDonaldTrump 8 invstgtions and 2 years on Benghazi? A potential enemy collaboration needs ind investgtion
Strike on the Floor NOW and Refuse to leave or Vote on Anything Until a Decision to Independently investigate happens NOW!
you're right Sen Booker. WE THE PEOPLE DEMAND AN INVESTIGATION!
How about DNC's attack on the election?
Make it happen. Please.
@CathyGV61 How can truth be fully known without knowing his financial ties? Needs to show taxes.
this is far worse than Watergate! Action is needed now.
its time for a full and transparent investigation and full prosecution of those guilty of wrong doing.
Kick some ass or things are going to get messy
in interest of Country #Confirm cabinet & SCOTUS nom.! Do Ur job vs grandstanding, obstructing!
There's no there , there! How abt HRC sale of Ursnium and Obamas post election 'flexibility' 1st! Oh, then the Iran deal...
more action.... less talk!
Independent Investigation.
https://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/15/us/politics/paul-manafort-ukraine-donald-trump.html …
oh that's right. The truth only matters when it's favoring your twisted agenda.
thank you for being a puppet for the left. Why don't you have public hearing on the findings of the Clinton emails. SMH
@Mooncatadams We the people demand an open, independent, bi-partisan investigation into Trump administration Russia ties.
.@SenBookerOffice @Macska4Earth The @GOP won't. They're either in cahoots and have their own Russian connections OR are
will U call for investigation if uranium sales or investigation of OBAMA cute remark Ill have more flexibility #hypocrite
Maybe the 50 states filing lawsuits will get GOP action
We demand it.
YES!!!
you're in the Senate, make it happen
Dahhh you think? where you under a rock the last few months?
Just hearings on our ties to Russia will be enough to end the Trump presidency.
including seeing those tax returns. GOP circling the wagons looks like collusion now since majority want to see
Thank you Senator Booker. We support you. Your Voice is True, Loud, Welcome, and Timely.
It's far past time for hearings on Russian Ties to Trump! As well as Russian Attacks on US Election which robbed us of HRC!
Make some noise up there Corey.
We've been waiting. 
make sure Comley not relied on for intel cause he  too
America needs 100% assurance of no wrongdoing Senator!
@CoryBooker  Please DEMAND an investigation! This is the worst political corruption in the history of our country!
Long past time.  Please do it.  #investigatetrump
@CoryBooker ya think? And the deflecting and blaming HRC and Obama needs to stop. Take responsibility.
Please begging for you to fight for us!! I believe in you.
Lets have some public hearings on all the dirty money you take..learn from Sanders....hes not going away....deal with it
#fakenews
this is the most serious issue of our lifetime.
not gonna happen traitor
since when was it a crime for an official to communicate with other officials? The leaks to media concern me; not you?
Russia not not cast the votes as per BO & Lynch not on internet. TheDNC server was unsecured a kid could of hacked it
You seemed more concerned over the DNC leak branded Russia than the content within those emails ie Treason Espionage there
is not Russia interference LEAK  Wikileaks offered reward for info on the murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich. No WW3 peace
How do we make that happen? It seems the GOP has no desire to protect us.
can we check out this pay for play scheme too?
Yes, it's time for serious pressure to be put on Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnell, and the rest of the gop
Dems & sane GOP need to make an independent investigation happen & stop actions until truth is known. Treason is serious.
You have tremendous credibility in political circles and are a front runner for 2020. MAGA by getting rid of traitors
Please keep speaking out!  Your voice is being heard!
Impeachment for treason!
Agree, we need transparent investigations. When will politicians do more than Trump's description of all talk, no action?
Yes please
Google Carter Page
Best of luck @SenBookerOffice @elfgail1 

#FollowTheFacts

#TheResistance
It's not a matter of impeachment because if this all becomes true then the election results must be invalidated.
@eklprinceton Like Yesterday! We Simply Can No Longer Delay Hearings While The Administration Lies And Misleads The Public!
It is time to put country before party.  Our democracy is at stake and the American people, have a right to know!
@CoryBooker IMPORTANT
LOOK AT YOUR DEMOCRATS! #UNBELIEVABLE
IF U RESIST JUST TO RESIST~NO TO ALL NOMINEES
#DemsWhoCriedWolf
Please make this happen! We stand behind you 100%
Go for it Cory!
REDO elections.This was a coupd'etat! Sickening!Remove the puppet government! OF the people BY the people FOR the people !
If u have classified phone recordings of Trump admin colluding with Russia then release to public. No better way to prove..
What can the public do to help ensure non partisan hearings happen? How we activate Americans to fight GOP complacency?
right Corey!stir up folks to MOVE in this. YOU can do it.
You CANNOT let this go, the damage being inflicted by Trump McDouche must be stopped.
any comment re Russian spy ship reported off eastern Long Island near CT submarine shipyard? Anyone addressing?
it's time for public hearings on your #bigpharma #sellout
@Jarnocan This is a waste of taxpayer money. Try Clinton Cabal investigation or Obama treason
And discuss FACT that Trump looked at the reporter re Flynn & said: "What report? I don't know anything about that." LIAR!
Please inform Rep. Chaffetz of that view, sir.
@CoryBooker I'm so frustrated w GOP lack of interest in having open public hearings/investigation on @POTUS/links to Russia

YES, we demand that!
Thank you!  Please stand strong on this!!
For the sake of our democracy, for the integrity of the United States, this is a moral imperative.
@CoryBooker Definitely!Jersey Shore
@QHancroft @SenBookerOffice RePUTRIDans need to be held accountable for their blind eye to Trumps & his administration, The White LIE House
Absolutely. If not now, when
some answers can be found in tax returns... he's hiding  something that may be very damning.
why are the Dems not DEMANDING investigations.  Get as upset as we are. Make things happen
u r so right! Russia is all over the trump name too many unanswered questions run for pres Cory danced with u in newark PR
will H.R. 530 SECURE Our Democracy Act  help #resist #passSODA
As part of hearings we need to see his taxes too. I think the seeds of all this may be in there. Huge debts to Russian.
Really?  And we are going to get that ?????
can we also do hearings on dem primary? lots of progressives would like that assuming you want those voters 
It's WAY PAST TIME so let's begin today! #impeachmentcountdown
@CoryBooker Obama was on tape telling Putin he could do more after an election! Grow up! We aren't STUPID!
assuming there are no Russian operatives already in place in Senate/Congress "rigging" the system...
@CoryBooker The smoke screen of Russia is not going to work to cover your incompetence for the American people! Go Trump!
@LisaClaire9090 Right On Brother!!!!
@JackieFarnham It is amazing that many people in this country are OK with possible treason as long as a woman is not in WH.
until their ACA is taken away
Some look dumbfounded, others are still so stubborn they won't admit their stupidity.
glad to see you still ain't scared to tell the truth. Good for you.
.@SenBookerOffice @simpsonrob39 Begin w/ Trump's sale of USA nuclear material to Russia - oops, that was Obama. Trump in office THREE weeks!
Not to mention their attacks on elections across Europe! #BackintheUSSR?
@1101110112 meanwhile, @SpeakerRyan having a grand time sucking up to 45.
we had 33 hearings on #Benghazi and how many on #Clintonemails? We should definitely have hearings on this #MoscowMule
We also need to know what the heck is going on at the FBI.
yes! thank you!!!
yes!!! And also your ties to big pharma. Win win!!
It's actually past time.
go to sleep and stop
you are so full of it. I can tell where you are coming from. Can't take a loss
DEMAND @realDonaldTrump's taxes & follow $$$ trail.

We keep hearing this,  please start!
the DEMS need to stop playing nice and polite now. It's time to get mean and nasty with the current administration.
.@SenBookerOffice @iwillresist1964 Cause connecting Hillary & 28 million from Saudi's doesn't require an investigation.
Stop all Congressional business till that happens!
Stephen Miller...danger, danger, danger!!!!
.@SenBookerOffice when US sees interference in other countries' elections we call 4 #NewElection must do that here #SpecialPOTUSElection2017
I whole heartedly believe this nightmare was fixed!! Now if Flynn would just open his rat mouth and tell it!
Loving your work. Dnsdale says Hi to my GF, Jennifer at your Apprentice meeting later. #ImpeachDonaldTrump
@FBI @SenJohnMcCain To be clear #WeThePeople expect & demand an #ImpeachmentHearing & arrests of all who #SoldUsOut #Truth
we need the crooked, hacked election results tossed out - @HillaryClinton is our rightful President!! DO SOMETHING PLEASE
