Bring gun control to the USA.
The 2nd Amendment as "whoo free guns" is shit, you know it.
Do what is right, not #RightWing #NRAfail
Yeah too bad a passerby didn't have a gun to stop the shooter before he killed more innocent people. #GunControlWorks not
Too bad a good guy with a gun never has stopped a mass shooting. Just another NRA fairy tale.
I guess you didn't hear about Tennessee
The evil is the #NRA and #GOP for taking their money. The evil is their inaction for gun control. Save your prayers- they are useless here.
Can we finally get something done about #GunControl ?  If not now, when?  You know what's better than prayer? Action. AKA Do Something.
Dems had a sit-in after Sandy Hook and nothing happened then. Many politicians can be voted in or out in 2018, tho'...
Prayers & thoughts aren't enough anymore. We need gun control, & the guts to take on the NRA. Their way isn't working.
NRA making money - that is their business......has changed over the years....
We don't need prayers. We need #GunControlNow
cory when you coming out of the closet?

Stop the Dem supporters. They are the ones doing all the shootings.
You're in congress! Do something this time. Work with the GOPers: you are supposed to pass laws against these guns, and THEY KNOW IT!
Thank you Senator Cory Booker. We continue to pray the victims.Would you please continue to push severe sanctions against African dictators?
What are you doing to ferret out those who are praying for "only Trump-tards to die". It is YOUR JOB to stand up for US too!
For starters, get tRUMP out of office!!!!!  He instigates HATE and VIOLENCE and is nothing but an empty shell of a human being!!!
So make sure the rollback of restrictions for sales of silencers DOES NOT HAPPEN raise hell with your colleagues.
How many more of these awful events do we need while Congress does nothing? I know it's not you but we need #GunControlNow
What would another gun law done? Nothing
Not with a Republican controlled CONGRESS and white house
the man with a silver spoon in his mouth--where'd you go to HS again??
But are you mad? I'm all done w/ thoughts and prayers, I'm pissed! Fix it! Can't do it alone? Then call out those who're getting in the way.
America's Past #domesticterrorism https://www.instagram.com/p/BZw3jcjnq9N/ 
First tweet ever that I agree with you!
What will you do?! Stand up in the Senate and say so! How long must this go on?! #GunControlNow
Io
Wake up people if we take guns from law abiding citizens then the only one's with guns are criminals. I agree we need tough laws on guns but we also need to respect the right of every AMERICAN  to be able to protect him and herself from criminals like this.
Yea right snowflake after Newtown you guys made things worse.
It’s not true “we did nothing after Newtown.” Legislators actively made things worse https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/10/more-killings-more-guns/541905/ …
Tell your Senate colleagues to #SendBackTheBloodMoney to the NRA
You can start by passing reasonable Gun Control Laws!!!
@SenBooker While you're praying ask God for help writing reasonable gun control policy.
No silencers no assault rifles no machine guns NO to all!  Gun restrictions NOW.
Why then crimials would be the only ones with guns
2nd amendment only gives right to bear arms for a well regulated militia not to all individuals - how do you read it?
Your intentionally leaving out the 2nd item in the amendment ", the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed" #2ndA
It's Democrats fault for not condemning all the resisting of the election.yall tell people to protest and resist.
Tweeting won't help, time for action!
You don't have a soul.  You lost it when you agreed that killing unborn children at any stage of a pregnancy was fine with you.
Don't write it on Twitter... Do it!
Amen
Regarding MrCBFinally we get a decent and intelligent comment from an official ,rather then norm of jumping to conclusion with Gun Control!
Don’t resolve—DO! #ActionNotWords
Sorry to disturb your efforts at getting rich from the Drug lobby but, what is your record on fighting gun violence?
Making good people more defenseless won't stop evil.
Parasite you just want to push politics you Hack.
.@CoryBooker Introduce a bill to restrict gun ownership.  If it fails, do it again. And again. And again. And again. And again. Never stop.
Booker2020!
Senator Cory Booker, I call on you to lend your voice in protest, For the sake of stronger #GunControl laws. What I ask, PROTEST RIGHT AWAY!
We've been doing what we can to stop evil, dems are out of power, but we must do more, they keep coming back.
Thoughts and prayer will accomplish nothing. Act!
And our prayers MUST be with the THOUSANDS who survived, who now likely have #PTSD & will be forgotten in this story, as they always are!
Laws on guns will not change those peoples mind either.
U r quitting because of trump which is why it'd be better if u stayed in office. Reconsider. U and Chaffetz.
Automatic weapons are already illegal. Thats what this guy used.
We need to resolve to VOTE for change in 2018!  GOP bought & paid for by NRA.  They will do nothing as if they're fake condolences R enough.
More than prayers is better than just prayers. However, we need action, Senator.
One who randomly shoots humans or other living beings out of some grievance, invented threat, joy or rage IS mentally ill. #FundHealthCare
You think enacting strict GUN control laws will help?  Look to Chicago for your answer.  CRIMINALS DON'T FOLLOW LAWS.
Seemed to have missed your condolences for the victims of the Antioch shooting..#socialjustice?
please introduce gun control legislation. #GunControlNow
But your pockets are fat from big pharma paying you off so they can poison the public with chemical dependency.
Probably the stupidest thing I've read all day.
May we just get through these empty sympathies and futile calls to action and accept that nothing will happen after this either.
"The fish rots from the head."
My soul aches over Las Vegas. My prayers are with the victims. And my prayers are with our nation, may we resolve to do more stop such evil.
It's time for #GunSafety laws in the USA. Nothing else will stop  #terrorism & slaughter of innocent lives. #ThoughtsAndPrayers don't  help.
Ban assault rifles for civilians
My prayers are for LEGISLATION for comprehensive health care coverage, including mental health coverage and gun control. I'll wait. 
Might as well wait over there with Trump's friend Jim. 
I know, how bout the government stops cutting mental health funding? There's a start 
If you run for Pres. Make this your top priority,could save many lives
Start with Newark and Camden nj in  booker's home state
Yes, how about proposing legislation to ban the sale of assault http://weapons.Show  some leadership  and stand up against the NRA.
We should make illegal things MORE illegal, then the bad guys would think twice!
Stop the damned @NRA lobbyists and the legislators that do their bidding! #EnoughIsEnough
It is not OK for candidates who normalize this behavior by casually pulling out pistols during the course of a presidential backed campaign
You are in a position to do something.  Get off your knees, find your resolve, and put some legislation out there.
It starts in Washington. Stop the hateful rhetoric Cory. Stop it now
Please introduce legislation that tightens restrictions on gun sales. This is long overdue. The shooting in Vegas should never have happened
I'm going to send thoughts and prayers to my work today because I don't feel like actually doing anything. Thanks for the leadership!
Just think if only half in that casino were armed their would be more people alive today
Well, it's pretty damn obvious what you (the collective you) need to do. Doesn't take an intellectual giant to figure it out! 
The crazy sour their to come on in and shoot anybody because we are unarmed,
You can’t stop evil. But you can restrict the damage they do. Stand up to the NRA, tefuse their money and pass real gun control legislation

It says on almost gov. Building no weapons allowed, I laugh every time I see this, why don't you just tell all
Like what? More gun controls as in Chicago? Shooters want attention, Cory, whether via guns or pressure cooker bombs. Terrible but ... ?
Please, please, let's get meaningful gun control passed and mental health services available for people who need it. #GUNCONTROLNOW
Please?  I'm starting to lose hope that this willl EVER be resolved as long as there is a @NRA who owns the @GOP
Yes, Revoke the Law that made it so easy for everyone to get guns.Revoke Open Carry. Why are Military Grade and Weapons of War on the street
Praying is not your job and it helps nobody.
Prayers are great BUT, we need policy.Policy will save lives.
@realDonaldTrump Remember when you said that the Bataclan attack would've never happened in the US ? #GunControlNow
If only this country had some real leaders.
Guess when it's the best time to talk gun control, background checks, stopping the production of assault rifles and their ammunition? NOW!
Might we do more than pray, @SenBooker?  Might we legislate and govern?  These all too regular tragedies are not a required societal bug.
Thank you, Senator. My soul aches as well. What will become of us if we don't choose humanity over insanity.
Rs and Ds must tell the gun lobbyists enough
Prayers r nice but they don’t fix what’s wrong here
You also need to stop your neg Campanella
Is building a border wall going to help with domestic terrorism??
So, do more. Be a leader. Make this your issue. Gun control.
Get these MILITARY ASAULT WEAPONS OFF the streets!
You say you want no limits on gun ownership? I say the #priceistoohigh. #nomoreheartbreak #LasVegasShooting #GunControlNow
Take the fucking guns away
We can start by holding the factories responsible for their marketing fear to protect our ease of access.
Take the guns away.
I'm just tired.
I am so tired of waiting,
Aren't you,
For the world to become good
And beautiful and kind?
How about doing something instead of just praying! Encourage people to donate blood! Fight for stricter gun laws!!!
Well said, Senator. All reasonable Americans hearts are aching for unnecessary deaths, attributed to madmen with access to automatic weapons
Could you call it an act of terrorism committed by a terrorist? I hope this label is not reserved for criminals of a particular religion!!!!
Enough with the thoughts and prayers. How about a proper interpretation of the 2nd amendment. No INDIVIDUAL has the right to firearms.
Horrified by what happened in Vegas last night? FLOOD YOUR SENATORS AND REPS WITH CALLS AND FAXES!
Try @botresist. Text “resist” to 50409.
.@CoryBooker may we do more to enact sensible gun laws. Looking at you and all in Congress. Work together and make it happen.
Senator why don’t you try and fix it. Or do you think a person should be allowed to own 10 semiautomatic weapons.
He is trying to stop this.
Gun silencer bill moves to House floor @CNNPolitics http://cnn.it/2fj5R1P . STOP THIS BILL! When/if it gets to the senate #staywoke
What's your plan?
Thank you Senator.  Amazing first responders.  As horrific as it is, it could have been so much worse for our city.
What law would you implement to stop a man who used a gun illegal since 1985?
Anyone who uses a tragedy to push their agenda is scum
Soooo ya gonna introduces some legislation or tweet some more?
Or pray some more?
Yes prayers for all and please dear god say no to the silencer vote 
Prayers do nothing. Fix the gun laws!
Yeah. Stop a man who used illegal gun with more laws. You’re a moron
