So is this seriously what this world is coming to do you really think erasing history is going to solve anything wrong with this world
What I'm saying is by erasing the bad bits in history your making everything be like sunshine and rainbows when a lot of it wasn't
But you can't erase that as some might think, now I don't usually go this political but when I see someone try to erase history then I will
Exactly why you can't were the Confederates bad people yes do I say it's ok no but when you go and erase that then the civil war is then no
Longer has what made it the way it is John F Kennedy said those who look to the past or the present are certain to miss the future and that
Shows if you're paying attention to the past you are going to miss the future so look to other ways to change the world for the better
You understand there are ways to preserve history without having statues outside of state buildings. They can be preserved in museums.
It's not that they want to erase history it's simply a disgrace for statues honoring people who fought the union in front of state buildings
Do you understand the basic fact of history? History includes not only the good events but the bad also. It's for a purpose!
Can you introduce a bill to get the Confederate In Chief removed from the White House while you're at it? Thanks!

Don't forget to remove any and all statues of FDR.
Thank you Cory  Now  Can we get you to run for POTUS 
oh please. I can't catch my breath!
"Mom, who is the man on the horse?"

"A man that did very bad things."

"Then why is there a statue of him?"
And you just gave your son (or daughter) a history lesson he wouldn't have gotten had he not seen the statue.
You know, we have classes with these things called books. Some of those classes are devoted exclusively to US history, no statue included.
And the govt regulates those. Learning history that is focused on race, gender, and anti capatalims.
The point is that the statue is not a requisite for the lesson.
Yet it's history nonetheless. They will learn about the history behind it either way and I get that.  will taking them down change anything
You're making a better case for my point than your own.
It's hard to defend if you say it represents slavery and oppression. And it would be if that was the case
Why didn't you do that the past 8 years while obama was president.  Fraud
When will the impeachment movement start in earnest? I support you 100% but statues are a mask for something much more toxic here.
Can you name at least one impeachable offense? I'll wait
Great news, but can you get rid of the President first?
Congress should introduce a bill to remove you!
As long as you realize the can of worms this opens, in terms of what can be removed due to past transgressions against the weak & enslaved.
Will you be taking Jefferson off the Declaration of Independence next?
Don't compare a founding member of this country to people who fought a war because they didn't even want to be a part of it
but its history vs history. bad history is still history.
You're in the Capitol, maybe do something about ending dropping on six countries every day. 
Civil war = States rights some statues erected by members of both sides who stood together after war. Jefferson memorial DC in museum?
Russia, Russia, Russia gained NO TRACTION for demon-crats! Now falling back on age old successful attack - racists everywhere!! So sad!
This is just wrong, its past of our history good or bad. American the ground we walk on will be removed next because the ground had blood on it from the past!

This statue is very offensive to gay people who are now granted the right to marry. I want it GONE !
Can you also introduce a bill to remove the ELECTORAL COLLEGE? Thank you
No one talks about why these statues even exist. They just grew out of the ground to remind us of "history." More reminiscent of the present
How about asking @GOP to help restore the Voting Rights Act? Symbols and praxis.
Great idea!
Thank you @CoryBooker for being a political voice of love and reason!
Will you also introduce bill to get rid of all memory of Robert KKK Byrd? Or is this just stupid grandstanding to fool morons who vote DEM?
You sound just like Nazi Hitler! Is that the new name of Democrats! Will books be next?  And you want to blame this on POTUS Shame on you!
Let's see you try and remove Albert Pike statue from DC. After all he was one of the founders of the Klu Klux Klan.
Why the heck were they there to begin with?
How about you introduce a bill to ADD a statue in remembrance of those Who,lost their lives to slavery-add to the lesson not take away? 1
Maybe it sounds wrong but if we don't teach about the errors of the past, our young don't learn WHY racism is wrong and immoral. 2
Mmmm how about Working on removing Trump from the White House.
Why? He's doing a good job
Any chance we can slide in a bill to impeach you know who?
Not in your day!
If we're going to have bots can we at least get bots with proper grammar?
Will you be introducing that bill before or after you take more kickbacks from the pharmaceutical industry? #Fraud
get to work on things that actually effect working men and woman trying to support a family. this doesn't do shit except boost your ego
Nice 

Thank you Senator Booker.
Don't forget to remove this one.
@SenJeffMerkley & @RonWyden r
Hope  you support  this bill
While you are at it, you may as well have Mount Rushmore taken down too. Those guys owned slaves or their families did. Sheesh
Oh yeah! And what about all the other government buildings in #DC? The policies to have these images up exist in them as well!
Was rooting for you up until now. Only now you want to do this? Talk about pandering . Get lost libtard
Pls run 2020
I'd vote for @CoryBooker !
Um, while you're at it, is there any chance you'll be introducing a bill to remove abortion clinics from black neighborhoods? Never mind.
thanks for such a wonderfully irrelevant non sequitur
Please ask to include images of Slavery as there are NONE in CVC or Capitol! See blog post:
Symbols of the reason for the Civil War: Slavery  – Where are they in our US Capitol and across this country? https://thewiyatt.wordpress.com/2017/09/02/symbols-of-the-reason-for-the-civil-war-slavery-where-are-they-in-our-us-capitol-and-across-this-country/ …
did your family serve in the Civil War and if so were they Confederate Soldiers or Union Soldiers? Either side they were still Americans
You can close your eyes to history but doesn't change it
Confederate statues/flags represent the enslavement & subjugation of a people and the supremacy of another. Why are we honoring traitors?

Have you removed Robert Byrd's name from all the buildings names after him? The DemocRAT party KKK icon?
Yep. This should be a priority over the veterans, budget, our nations's infrastructure, immigration reform, homeless citizens, healthcare that works, prescription drug costs, and oh - did I mention veterans. Your priorities are all screwed up.
Please do this.  Mississippi's Davis statue in the Statuary Hall is disgraceful and has absolutely no place in the Capitol.
You make matters worst instead of better. Let the dead rest.
"Your" past is how you became the man you are. You now want to forget our nation's past "as if" it never happened. That's tragic!
fake
Ridiculous and an unnecessary expense.  It's historical. Will you also be requesting to remove statues of MLK?  Probably not.........  I think the public is really getting tired of the quest for white repentance for the slavery of the past.  Makes way more sense to look forward!
Make sure you include Washington, Jefferson and MLK. We need to get rid of all statues.
Anything with Obama too! He infuriates us!
The Presidents NOT equivalent to
Rebel traitors who tried to shred our Nation in order to further subjugate black Americans.
Get a clue fs.
The current president is.
Aye... but then Trump is a traitor also shredding the Nation.
#ImpeachTrump#PutinsBitch45

#American1st
Thank you Senator. It's 150 yrs past the time for this. Confederate monuments have no place in our America. Get rid of that rebel flag too.
Agreed!
Destroy the statue won't change history.
if you were paying attention, you would know no one is talking about destroying statues. they're asking to move them from the capital
This is a waste of time money and resources. Get to real issues. I hope people vote you out. We have much bigger issues.
Booker, you are very wrong. My vote: Don't touch my countries history whether good or bad. ENOUGH history of prejudice & I don't need yours.
Let's just erase history, than it will have never happened.
Brigham Young also said bi-racial children should be killed. So be fair even if you upset your best Mormon friend since college
Uh oh. Gotta tear down the Mormon churches. And run the Osmunds out of town.
About this is how totalitarianism begins
i demand all satue in washing of rosie parks taken down it offends me i have rights jefferson goes martin and rosie goes
Hmm..Much work ..to dolike Remove 'offensive Books from Libraries..Remove American Flags from people's Porch,friggin Losers
#Traitor #Traitor #Traitor #Traitor #Traitor #Traitor #Traitor #Traitor #Traitor #Traitor #Traitor #Traitor #Traitor #Traitor #Traitor
Why didn't u pass this bill when Obama was in office 8 yrs it never bothered anyone then...
I support this. These don't represent our (the United States') history but the history of an enemy state that tried to tear us apart.

Religious bindings next? How much death and hatred comes from them? Oh. And the kid touching thing to
Each state is allowed to pick their statues. It is up to the states to request removal of their statues.
Why now, Last week you were fine with them? should have been gone a long time ago. Obama 8 years and no movement? "Political Games" SMH
These statues do serve a historical value to remind us of our past mistakes to not relive them. There is value in that.
Hate and racism live and thrive not through a statue but in the heads of the weak and uneducated. Take a step away from social media.
What would help race relations even more is if you would remove yourself from D.C.!
How ignorant are minnesotans to vote for you?
The Civil War was brother against brother, father against son. You're turning it into a post facto war of conquest.
Q? After removing our nations history, who will the"Black Americans & gang bangers" blame for being screwed up ass holes? Curious. 
Yes!
What's amazing is that in this day and age, they're still there.
THANK YOU!!!
Absolutely ridiculous
Tear down ancient Rome. Tell them to tear down the Coliseum.  Gladiators and slaves were forced to fight there.Let's burn all the books too!
YOU ARE SO WRONG,......
Will this include removal of Democratic Senator Robert Byrd's statue?A real Klansman. If not, this bill is a total sham.
Amen, I'm with you!
Don't you think there are more important things to concentrate on?
I will be introducing a bill to remove Confederate statues from the US Capitol building. This is just one step. We have much work to do.
It's not important to YOU. It's not important to YOU because these confederate startups don't effect YOU.
yes, another stupid decision.
All the confederate statutes were put up by democrats, who fought to uphold slavery, now they want them taken down
Who's racist? Democrats Who owned slaves? Democrats Who are KKK? Democrats Bird?who destroyed history? Nazis Who knocked down statutes? ISIS
Does this include removing statues of Thomas Jefferson as well ?
This SHOULD have happened years ago!!
You want to destroy America's history...we won't let you.
I'm with you
Confederate statues at the U.S. Capitol most likely going nowhere.
@SenBookerOffice Where have you been all these years NOW you jump on the publicity train?  #Shame on YOU!
Introduce one to remove Washington, and a Jefferson as well. They owned slaves too. 
Tear down the Washington monument!!
#SorosCivilWar #wakeUpAmerica you are being played.
I wrote a piece in support of municipalities doing that. I think it's overkill @ Capital because it's a complete history. Remove GOP instead
Leave history alone. Work for the people and work on tax reform.  distraction from what you should be doing! Remove statues?? What's next?
Hey, Cory? When are you and other party officials going to stand together and enforce the 25th Ammendment? I have heard nothing from Pelpsi
You might want to also throw out the whole Democratic party if ur looking for enemies of the state!!
We must show co-existence: better understanding comes from knowledge rather than ignorance. Hmmm..."Love" can reign supreme.
Thank you @SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker !!
Does this "much work to do" involve removing the statue(s) of Robert Byrd? Probably not.
Hey, now that's a way to create a job or fix the healthcare problems. Go Cory, Go. !
Take them down, but be warned.  When this gets moving it will set legal grounds for attacks on all "offensive" figures, statues, etc.
At least you are doing it the right way. Having your own hate groups remove them is the wrong way. Good job 
Sorry went to wrong one
Our inner cities are today's "New" plantations, run by Democrat Mayors or should I say plantation owners. They have enslaved blacks by 1k's.
Thank you.  Long over due, but always the correct decision.
Great idea, Cory. NOT!!!
You’re a pathetic fraud.
Another radical Muslim Brotherhhood Black Panther linked Marxist uninformed brainwashed idiot like the Ineligible disbarred Marxist Obama
Jumping on the band wagon.
It's time we accepted the past and try to improve the future.

That's the best you can do to create jobs
You sound like Taliban & act like it too.
So will you also take out the statue of Senator Byrd who was a leader in the KKK? Or does he get pass for being a democrat?
Hypocrite!  Why did you not do this while our first black President was in Office if its so offensive? Nice try!  @realDonaldTrump
That bill will be shot down by #allhailtrump
Please note the 9th carvery were sent out during the civil to handle the"Indians"  they killed woman and children . The 9th  black soldiers
Thank you!
Native Americans and slaves that were in this country
Will you also be removing statues of Washington and Jefferson since they were slave owners? What about the White House since slaves built it
We have to start someplace. Thank you.
This is Orwell, 1984. Fighting racism by fascist's method (rewrite history) you become racist himself. Statues to remind not to glorify.
Ignoring history does not help the future obviously. Having these statues around keeps the conversation going. It doesn't "inspire racists"
But I will add that there should also be statues of important members of the other side.
Sounds like you need to get a real job.
I thought dems were all for "better education"? If it were up to you our kids wouldn't even be able to spell civil war. #idiot
Question ?why are fifteen present of people in America trying to change our country and cause most problems ??????
By all means. Go ahead and erase history. Are Jefferson and Washington next on your hit list?
I really like you in lieu of your being a Dem, but removing American warts will not delete the pain, agony and suffering, sadly!
Conf soldiers were made US Vets by US Law 85-425, Sec 410 approved 5/23/58.  You are fighting to remove statues of US Vets
The history of soldiers fighting for YOUR freedom cannot be deleted. Your efforts to do that prove you still promote slavery.
We need a bill to classify the KKK as a terrorist organization 
While your @ it how about a bill removing names from schools,etc. who were responsible for Native American genocide.
Why not Washington and all other presidents this is sick you are making a black and white issur
Dont give up much work to stop the Hatred and violence
What curious timing.
If there is any place where statues should stay it is there facing Lincoln & others. What "work" do you still have to do?
How do we no where we r goin if we dnt no where we've com from? We do better,whn we no betta. Our present day moral compass didnt exist then
Remove FDR for the Japanese camps and any potus that was in office during the persecution of native Americans.
I'm glad Sen. Booker  introducing a bill to remove all monuments to the treasonous confederacy from the U.S. Capitol. Don't glorify traitors
You're starting a fight you cannot win! Your true motives, the destruction of America, are visible & unacceptable 2 millions of patriots!
What's next, the Vietnam memorial. This must stop!
Dems are embarrassed from their own history that's why they want them down KKK & slavery both by Democrats. Read History .
Translation: We must erase all traces of racism tied to the Democrat party!
And you never thought of this when a Democrat president is seated. What's next change the flag, change the name of our country HYPOCRITES!
I can't even believe such statues are still standing. Thank you 
What about Strom Thurman, Sheets Byrd? Al Gores father who KKK associates? The dems were happy with segregation--forget?
Think twice. What about their historic homes, their pictures, documents everything? They followed prevailing social system.
Why are you so afraid of a metal statute??
Impeachment is What needs to be introduced
Like launching a nationwide campaign against white supremacist voter suppression? That, at least, might change something.
Good luck getting any GOP support. I bet the majority will not even show up for a vote.
So the anti-homosexual bigot himself, is trying to make a name for himself by doing this.  Sorry bro, but you're not ever going to be POTUS.
@MariaTCardona Can you also remove the Confederate wanna-be from the White House while you're at it?
Opportunistic!! Aren't their bigger problems like heathcare, education and budget?
@melazor
Yeah you better get rid of birds crap to while you're at it and you're getting the same healthcare we get some make account
It's disturbing reading the comments as you guys can't see logic. History is repeating itself because no one wants to stop the hate
Thank you Senator, I hope you mean that you will work to counter Voter suppression, and other racist policies in place
Start with MLK, across America
Yes, to further your goal of making the USA into a socialist nation, subservient to the global govt, you have more work than you know.
This is just plain ignorant
Seriously?!  Dude, why don't you just quit,  u r essentially out of a job now.  How much $ have u been taking from Soros?
Should we also tear down Fords Theater?
Thank you sir.
My brother! We appreciate your efforts! 
Sir, your rhetoric sounds like you plan on advocating white genocide next. "First step" sounds dangerous & ominous!! Please explain yourself
That you are attempting to ban. Those statues are private property.  Be advised
A red flag alert is confirmed. Your activities are numbered
Might as well strike while the quick to bend over apologist RINO iron is hot.
History you won't be a part of
Racist
MLK opposed gay marrige. Remove all statues of him!
Slavery was not against the law and not for nothing Didn't slaves build the White House ? Guess that gets removed also and renamed
Why are they there in the first place?
Cory, you all need to not take the bait. Are these statues an issue? Yes. But the real issue is the racism that they stood for.
Better step: Remove the President.
If confederate statues hurt people because of slaves then you need to remove salves monuments from Boston harbors and every other place..
What's next removal of Washington,Jefferson? Should we delete everything about the civil war from our history books? How far is this going?
This is ridiculous.All this statue removing does nothing but stir up trouble and you know it.When the riots begin, pat yourself on the back.
lets get @BarackObama @billclinton #georgeWBush #georgebush come together as #bipartisan and demand #GOP to #ImpeachTrump
Because - SUDDENLY! -they're "triggering" !!

How's about U do ur JOB instead of waste time w/ THIS bullshit!!
Oh oh. Be safe.
That is ludicrous. People fought and died for the Confederacy as well as the Union. What's wrong with you. What does it accomplish?
