McConnell "engaged and serious." White House "all hands on deck." Rs whipping votes this week, already at 49. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/17/obamacare-senate-republicans-repeal-242821 …
It's time for the US to join the ranks of the rest of the developed world and provide their citizens with universal health care.
Lol yes its time we stop being the USA and become more like those better countries lol what a joke
Stop being the USA? That would mean to stop having one of the worst health care systems in the first world, unless you're filthy rich.
The most insane thing is how you want the most proven corrupt in society to control something so serious as health insurance
Oh no, we can't have regulation or reform in healthcare, but we can let the pussy grabber have the nuclear codes.
Right or left both sides hate the other for some reason. So explain the logic of government run healthcare!?
Care to tell me more about how evil the government is in your hurricane recovery?
No one here waited for the federal government to come save them. That was new orleans not florida
I am with you @Cory Booker
10 murdered and 30 shot in chicago this weekend. Much bigger crisis then your ridiculous healthcare law!
Lol so the government creates a bloated unorganized program. And now its a crisis to get rid of it LOL
Why r u sitting in front row of SLEEZY SEN MENENDEZ trial! U know he's a crook! We all do!
And Donating to Menendez LEGAL Fund 
And these are the politicians people are screamin for to control our healthcare. Its like living in the twilight zone. Not AMERICA!
Cory, how are we gonna pay for the $700 billion defense budget you just voted for?  How?
Might wanna check again, he changed his vote. (Not that I am defending the original vote, just wanna keep things accurate)
Proof please.
https://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=115&session=1&vote=00197 …
This is dated 9/14. The bill was passed yesterday with Cory Booker voting yes.
good grief.
Oh, sorry, you are correct. My bad for not paying enough attention to the whole thing.
The Corey Booker who is owned by the pharmaceutical companies? How much did they actually pay to own your votes?
All they care about is a repeal of ACA. Not.replac ing it with something better. Just BS partisan politics. They should be ashamed.
But it was okay for Obama to ruin healthcare for zillions of Americans!!! Hypocrite.
(1) There aren't zillions of Americans, and (2) you can't ruin healthcare for anyone but CEOs by making healthcare more affordable.
Yes we need to end all this healthcare  and make people buy their own.
The Dems created this disaster of a health plan. Dems are responsible. Own up to what was a lie by design! Don't insult our intelligence!
Again. It's all they do. #AbsoluteWorst
U won't need a healthcare if Trump stays in office..no one will #Nuked
Yes come out and support the take down of the biggest healthcare scam ever!  Obamacare must go down!!
That healthcare scam called Obamacare saved lives, but what do u know. Obviously nothing about OC except for what Fox told u.
FOX NEWS IS FAKE 
49!  So the hold outs are Collins and Murkursky - who else - McCain is signally a yes.
Rand Paul is a No right now
He'll get talked into it
Stop complaining and get together with them and fix it . Stop the finger pointing all of you should be audited , no accountability just BS
Bullshit! DemocRats resisting improvements - Repubs trying to create system that DOES Work for All-DemocRats offering only resistance & lies
The o my way to defeat Trump a d GOP is to offer a better plan. What is the dems plan?
McCONNELL IS BRAIN DEAD AND LOOKS LIKE A OLD FOOL ! 
Democrats have already destroyed it.
No, we need YOUR activism. Do your job.
just trying to distract from recent attention on the Mueller probe.
You signed onto the Magical Medicare Tour. I don't believe you any more.
Don't let them do it!
I call BS on that.
Dear Mr. Booker, government can neither produce healthcare nor provide access to it.
In the wealthiest nation on earth sickness is just another way to squeeze the consumer, #VoteNOGrahamCassidy #medicare4all #SB562 #HR676
Hold McCain to his words: Regular order. Committees, public debate. INTEGRITY trumps partisanship.
RT now!!! We did this once!!! Americans, let's get our voices heard!!m you will not sabotage our health care!!!
#Cory takes $ from big pharma & votes 4 their bonus plans not ours If Obamacare is such a great deal why isn't the Senate in the program?
Then I trust you will vote for and support @SenSanders bill for Universal Healthcare?
What about the millions that can't afford aca,don't care do you.just want to keep Obama legacy alive
You. Will. Never. Be. President. So. Kindly. Go. Away.
You just voted to spend BILLIONS more on military spending. Go away and stop pretending to be an "activist." What a sick joke.
And you're on the verge of green lighting WWIII you sell out. #resistmyass
Has a psychological study been done on @GOP to find out why they want to (mass) kill people? There is something fundamentally wrong w/them.
Get rid of this train wreck called obamacare.only ppl who like it, are the ones not paying for it.
what happened 2 representative democracy?? Call reps:staffers say "I haven't had a chance to discuss X w the senator/rep." WTF?
McConnell why do u want ur fellow Americans 2 die or do u think it's fun 2 commit genocide?
Zip it corporate lying tool, we saw ur vote to use $700B 4 more WAR!!
Then why did you Grandstand with that Non-Ddemocrat Bernie Sanders & pick last week to pimp for something you knew can't pass at this time?
Beginning to see a pattern between America, Kenya and Britain. This is all part of a diabolical plot.
Why can't we get bodies in streets like before? Is it BC school is back in session and everyone is fatigued? Or no one knows ?
The only crisis ..is between democrats ears
Dear Lord, May they all be exposed. Amen.
thank you for fighting for us. Don't give up!
~From Point Pleasant!
Keep fighting!
I will gladly help to repeal and replace Obama Care.  The ACA has hurt many families and the cost has skyrocketed. #NipAndTuck
Has anyone stopped 2 think Trump used working w/ Chuck&Nancy to pressure GOP into passing their healthcare bill? 'Pony up or be irrelevant'
Thought you were still in court Booker watching your investment!

#Breaking:#ObamaCare Is Creating Uninsured Crisis Among #MiddleClass.#RepealObamacare @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins http://www.investors.com/politics/columnists/betsy-mccaughey-obamacare-is-creating-an-uninsured-crisis-among-the-middle-class/ …
Not a health care crisis for you politicians who get free health care?
Maybe if they take their eye off of "Obamacare " and recognize it as affordable healthcare act they can get something done.
This is an everything crisis! No weakening of ESA and delisting of grey wolves!  No on the HELP and SHARE Acts!
We are working hard to push back on this latest  Obamacare repeal. Enough is Enough! Fight back...Just say No!

#Breaking:Lying #Dems Don't Care About Anyone But Votes/Power.Will Do Anything To Undermine #Trump.Repeal #Obamacare https://twitter.com/thedeliaaspect/status/908525240686448645 …
202-224-3121!!! You enter your zip code and get auto-directed to your state. Takes two minutes for each rep, easy - IMPORTANT. Don't let up!
Help now
Manual filibuster if you have to. Put your backs into it @SenateDems @SenSchumer . Gum it up until CBO can score. And no more 'top gun' ads.
Repeal the GOP!
Why didn't you see this coming? Heck of a time to have yet another crisis. Not feeling like you're bringing your A game at all lately.
He was too busy voting for the $700 BILLION budget for his defense contractor donors.
How? Call my reps?
Once these corrupt Rep pass this bill. People will lose healthcare & die.Then the Rep Party will be massacred in 2018 & welcome single payer

Tell that to your boy Bernie!
We need to stop trusting politics and conduct a proper Revolution to purge evil from this country.
No Cory, your group has already destroyed healthcare. Now you want a full takeover.

You're a Socialist
#NoScoreNoVote #NoScoreNoVote #NoScoreNoVote
#NoScoreNoVote #NoScoreNoVote #NoScoreNoVote
#NoScoreNoVote #NoScoreNoVote #NoScoreNoVote
You say activism but  what you really mean is vandalism
Too late. Have you heard of a thing called Obamacare? It's a failing socialist program.
Obama destroyed healthcare fool!
@benwikler @politico Single Payer will throw 100+ million of work provided healthcare and at a cost of 37million! No No No
What Healthcare? Do you mean The Healthcare for Wealthcare System that now exists? Regulatory Failure to Protect? Profits over Lives?
Healthcare was ruined when you passed a bill the public could not read until it was passed. Nothing but problems since.
We (kinda) praised the generals for throwing out the clowns, but this $700 billion increase in military spending feels like a junta (almost)
#GOP CAREERS IN 2018-2020
oh no, another crisis! Yes, obamacare is indeed a crisis, and you know it! Less insured now than before that craven scheme. Even Tbone knows
No Cory Booker, your former President Obama is the one who screwed up the healthcare, so don't blame the Republicans.
Why are Collins, Murkowski and McCain going to vote yes for this Bill as its almost a replica for what that they voted NO for?
I have a heart condition. My 3 yr old tot has #juvenilearthritis. We won't be able to afford treatment under this awful plan.
New rules: Congress should have to pay market rate for their health coverage instead of getting special rates, they get other perks.
The crisis is you and pelosi not getting on board with single payer.
You think you're panicking. We're sick & need Healthcare. Tired of this Bullshit
Text to fax your MoC easy walks you through it and takes minutes
If you can't or have a hard time calling text RESIST to 50409, you can leave a message that will be faxed to your reps based on your zipcode
They are finishing what the democrats started... just stop .. it's not good vs bad when both are corrupt!
Healthcare was destroyed the minute congress passed a tax law known as ACA Obamacare... a tax law isn't affordable care!
Obamacare is the healthcare crisis.Premiums and deductibles are so high that 20 million are uninsured. Where have the Dems been?
Obamacare is the healthcare crisis. Medicaid expansion is draining Federal funds. Fraud is running rampant. Where have the Dems been?
Obamacare is a failure. Repeal it and stop wasting taxpayer dollars.
Tell Republicans: Repeal and replace your traitor president--not America's healthcare! #Impeach #TrumpRussia #MondayMotivation
Our President*
Our soon-to-be indicted and spend-the-rest-of-his-life-in-jail, Russian-traitor president should be impeached without delay. #Impeach
They're going to pass it to prevent further discussion of your bill. Bernie's whateverhescallingit HC bill. You goofed. And lost my vote.
Dem candidates don't need Bernie's half baked HC plan to run on. If they do, their lousy candidates.
Plan proposes one Ins co to adjudicate claims for entire population. Does this sound realistic?
They've already destroyed it for the western part of VA. We have zero marketplace options.
I believe that is what Dems did to millions of Americans implementing Obamacare!
But your single payer, you are all fools following Bernie down a rabbit hole. Bernie is not a democrat
too late! Congress destroyed it the 1st time premiums went up. Can't you get your the million/billionaire friends to pay for it?
When are you going to stop this?
Time @BernieSanders  did something other than gum up the works. You guys screwed the pooch with single payer last week .1st things 1st
@lbridges1212 @benwikler for a REPUBLICAN  score I would vote for either one of YOU, ixiots
@lbridges1212 @benwikler YOU  Guys who went along went BERNIE SANDERS and his,asinine idea to be pushing for a new HEALTHCARE
Sorry...i have sell out Rubio... you are on your own. It's what they voted for.
RT -----AMERICANS---READ
Because it was working well.  How can anyone destroy healthcare that didn't work.  Explain that, oh more fear mongering from the dems
@benwikler You're just Obama 2.0, we need a real leader
But Why?!? I simply do not understand why the GOP want to strip healthcare from millions.
IF THEY ARE SO HELL BENT ON DESTROYING HEALTHCARE FOR 30 MILLION AMERICANS, I'D SAY THEY HAVE EVERY VOTING MACHINE IN THE COUNTRY FIXED!!!
Text to fax your MoC easy walks you through takes 3 minutes
If you can't or have a hard time calling text RESIST to 50409, you can leave a message that will be faxed to your reps based on your zipcode
We can't stop them. Let them destroy it and wait for riots. Why not? They will do anything to win. So be it.
Text to fax your MoC
If you can't or have a hard time calling text RESIST to 50409, you can leave a message that will be faxed to your reps based on your zipcode
Call Collins, McCain, Murkowski and your own senators!!!
This is the 2nd most dangerous threat in my lifetime Now disabled senior car accid disbetic can't work yet
You should NOT have signed on to BernieCare. You helped give cover to Rs. Now they say Dems r moving towards socialism & THEY have ACA fix 
If you have a voice now is the time to use it. Don't look back and think others would of handled it. Now is the time for YOU to handle it.
Cory, time for you to get on board. This is a golden opportunity for all States, to take care of their own! #GrahamCassidy #RepealAndReplace
Oh as if Obama didn't already pulverize it, Cory? Keep ur talking points to people who buy into ur crap; informed people know the truth
Can you guys have some town halls or rallies like they have and get the word out?
The fact that republicans were at 49 on their last vote and say they are at 49 on this vote shows what an elites group of people they are.
As a life long Kentuckian. I am sorry to the rest of the country that my state keeps electing this guy.
I lost my doctor and needed drugs because of ObamaCare, so you can all shove it.
They r probably going after McCain hard on this 1. They will promise him anything in exchange 4 his vote. keep the pressure on your Senators
More of $ over lives. First rule of any legislation should be DO NO HARM !
If our calls & protests fall on deaf ears among the GOP, those hurt will be voting Dem in 2018!
Corporate Democrats don't want Medicare for all. Focus on them first. All corporate politicians are agains single payer. #CNN #MSNBC#DNC
madness. impeach.
@SenDeanHeller representatives don't even know if there is going to be a CBO score - WTF!??? His name is on the damn bill!!
Stop Them!!!!
Praying repeal isn't the deal/payoff to keep #DACA 
#DontSleep
Contact
Senators and Representatives. I have them set up in Messenger.
U can get your sources in Google
The sad part is there is just repeal! No discussion, no bipartisan debate! So any American Dem or GOP that wants ACA has no say..majority!
This crisis was brewing last week when you stood with @SenSanders as he unveiled his Medicare for All pipe dream that will never pass.
That was nothing other than political theater that distracted from this repeal effort. Please keep your eye on the ball & #SaveACA
McConnell get out the brass knuckles? Majority of America spoke and GOP only listen to the special interest and rich donors. Sad
How many times can this happen? America is in a Twilight Zone and Groundhog Day mashup.
It's even worse than you think. Behind the scenes, Russia has invaded thru GOP and trying to destroy us. Keep both eyes open, do ALL u can
And that will be the thing that ends them.
Cory - there is a dif b/t access 2 healthcare and access 2 health insurance. ACA doubled down on a deeply flawed system and fixed nothing.
Mr;Trump, and his team of; Machiavellians! Do not care who dies, without healthcare! Maybe that's what they want? Hello?
Democrats already destroyed health care. Aren't you aware of the middle class in the U.S. without health care now because of Obamacare?!
What activists need is the elected officials in congress to abide by the rule of law and letter of our constitution. If the GOP refuses that
We r screwed
Finally they are doing something about keeping the poor crippled! You Dems love slavery! Finally freedom is ahead.
Who thought they were going to 'fix' the ACA?  Still need this for their tax break for the rich, I mean tax reform!
And hereeee we goooo again. Block anything proposes no matter how beneficial to Americans. You're a clown.
Proposed*
That was done about eight years ago where the hell have you been my healthcare is a mess and I can't afford it
Republicans! If you pass this you are diabolical. Let's fix ACA. History as well as voters will judge you harshly.
@benwikler  gee cory, obama already ruined healthcare for millions. ..where you been...
Lol destroying a working viable system right it working so well right a true utopia.  What a crock crap you dems spread.
Well you guys better get it together! Is McCain still on our side?
ACA destroyed healthcare, where have you been?
This can't stand! R's are terrorizing American families with TrumpCare. My elderly parents would be devastated!
Cory Booker, Rachel Maddow President/VP!  16 years of sanity!  Might hurt big Pharma though, everyone would get off their antidepressants!
WE CAN STOP THIS DEATHCARE BS CORRUPT GOPS R TRYING TO FORCE THRU! CALL NOW! @SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @SpeakerRyan
What do you want us to do to help you to help us? (and THANK YOU!!)
Republicans prove time and time again with their policies, they're just bad, illogical people.
Is it possible for the Dem's to actually speak truth and represent honesty and integrity? Booker, abortion-welfare are not healthcare!
Obamacare was the problem and still is the problem so the Dems should be looking to fix it stop pointing fingers
Do you fall under the AFFORDABLE HEATH () CARE ACT??? No I didn't think so. When you do, we might listen
What's the best thing to do if you're from a Blue state with 2 Dem Senators?
Be thankful!
This is just plain sick. They are cowards for trying to do this so secretively.
@SenMajLdr is horrible, just like his master @realDonaldTrump.  They are a disgrace to their seats, their consituents, to the @GOP & the US.
Healthcare is not a right.  Can not find that in the bill of rights?  Can you?
Must be stopped !!!!!!
Hopefully
You have done NOTHING about the same ongoing crisis at the VA. You will do nothing here as well.
So answer me this. Do you and your family have this health care plan. NO, so why should mine. Repel and replace that crap.
Members of Congress are required by law to purchase their health insurance through ACA exchanges.
It's already destroyed by you and your democrat loser friends....
What can those in blue states do?
Think you and obama already did that
If this plan is so good why aren't the Republicans telling and yelling it that's because the same old it stinks
@CoryBooker Pres. Trump was elected in Nov 2016. To get rid of Barry care. The American people spoke. Thats a mandate.
I keep calling. My senators and others. I am very tired of having to constantly fight against so many harmful ideas in congress.
I want to know how ANY of you can look at this and say it's okay that the citizens get screwed, while we the citizens pay for your care?
Healthcare is about control of peoples lives you lying sack of & the only ones destroying it is pathetic Democrats like YOU!
Jeez, Cory. Get a grip.  @BernieSanders has got you covered.
So, are these the same americans that had their healthcare destroyed by the ACA or is it a different group?
I wish I knew
This is the GOP looking out 4 the best interests of our citizenry. GOP supporters ought 2 be happy. U will receive the best care available!
Total fear mongering Cory...
Millions of citizens don't have insurance and pay out of pocket while illegals get free healthcare from the government.
And they do it secretly.
Let's beat this nonsense once and for all. GOP cares about corporations and the wealthy only!
Mr Booker please don't lie about health care crisis you know full well the ACA was implemented by your Dem colleagues and President Obama!!
What are those people supposed to do without healthcare,  suffer with no mercy for them, the least of these need our country's help
Its called Medicaid. Go to a hospital emergency room or dial 911. They will get help.
Beware Lindsey Graham. He cannot be trusted to do what is right and good for America!
Its called less #tyranny and more #freedom @CoryBooker . Get the Fed Gov out of our Lives. We dont need you to take care of us we r not kids
Cory, tell the truth. Obamacare has hurt millions of people and is bankrupting this country
The system has been under destruction for 40 years, by drug companies, hospitals, ins. companies, labs, lobbiests etc. Can't be fixed!
Democrats already did that. R deal sucks too. What a greedy incompetent government we have & have had for decades.
HYPOCRITES, GIVE USA THE SAME SECRETLY VOTED FOR NO PAY HEALTHCARE PLAN...
YOU HAVE IN THE SENATE & CONGRESS... WILL YOU LIAR????
Text to fax your MoC easy, walks you through it and it takes 3 minutes
If you can't or have a hard time calling text RESIST to 50409, you can leave a message that will be faxed to your reps based on your zipcode
What can you do when your elected reps @SenCoryGardner, don't listen? Reps are going to do what they want. They don't care. They got theirs.
Cory, you belong in another universe.  You're destroying America, just like you did in New Jersey.
Democrats already destroyed Healthcare!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
