Please define “affordable”. You can’t. What’s affordable to some isn’t to others. Unfortunately, it will never be affordable to all.
Which one of those countries has a similar population as the US?
Our gov can’t even run VA properly.
All run by one organization?
And if you aren’t happy with the service and quality of care, then what? Where do you go then?
“On the whole”? 
Does that mean everyone? Or most? Most people in US like having choices and are able to afford their healthcare.
Look democrats heard there still passing out Obama phones.
They're* and that program is funded by Sprint, Verizon, and ATT and was approved by Bush administration as a concept. Next.
2. Telecom companies were mandated to pay into the fund by the federal gov. Phone companies passed that little charge onto consumers
I work for one of those companies and I know where the phones come from. So no. It's still not an "obamaphone" and god forbid we help ppl
It's citizens by confining their successes to lousy welfare and entitlement programs designed to keep them poor forever.
Nope. Go read a book about it. You're just spouting Fox News and GOP canned lines. It's not at all that simple.
Your angry and insulting,  not sure why you think that's necessary.  I don't watch Fox,  the media is garbage.   So I guess no one abuses
Nope. Not really. Under studies about only 1.9% abuse. If you wanna see tax abuse, go talk to the defense industry. But punching low is easy
Healthcare is a human right and should not be an industry based on profit.
Free healthcare is not a right
Yes it is.
Free healthcare is a right? Are there any limits to this right? It’s not my neighbors responsibility to provide healthcare to me.
If you are uninsured and got care, your neighbors would be paying for you in some way anyway.
If you get a job and go to work then you can pay for your insurance and leave your neighbor out of it.
Did you read the article I linked to? Pls do. Those of us with insurance already pay more to cover uninsured or those who can't afford care.
familiar with the concept,like the price of goods is increased to offset the loss of shoplifters,  much less than buying criminals merch tho
I already have. Best regards from 
#preexistingconditions REALLY
My Father-in-law needs a Liver transplant. He's on Medicare but they still want $10,000 or no transplant! #poor=death
get transplant worry about the bill later as my doc told me you will have bills til you die & when you die you leave a bill.I only had $41
They won't do the transplant if he doesn't have the money. They say they turn people down for that reason a lot. Don't sound right to me
Its absolutely not right what center are you going through.They are suppose to save life then worry about bills later.Thats garbage
It's in Charleston S.C. I was thinking same, that they supposed to save life then $ but they saying they need the $ 1st. He's on Medicare
I was too get a second center you can't wait there's got to be someone down there with a heart DAMN
Right now my Father-in-law is in need of a Liver transplant. He's on Medicare and they still want $10,000 or no transplant. Poor = death
No healthcare is affordable especially Obamacare!
Right now my Father-in-law is in need of a Liver transplant. He has Medicare & they still want $10,000 or no transplant. #help
Medicare for all, Senator! I'm a constituent. I'm a moderate Dem, but really, lets stop talking about health care and move on! Medicare works!
Come up to Canada. We pay nothing.
Universal Healthcare, Great low-cost Education, Living Wage —
What's radical is thinking Obamacare made health insurance affordable. It helped the indigent and hurt hard working Americans.
Well I guess I'll roll over and die. Life it's been fun. Healthcare is a human right. @Kamballs wait till you lose it.
I did,  thanks to obamacare
what happened to renewing CHIP?
Dr Rima Laibow Explains the Globalist Utopia *Health Plan* LOCKDOWN ON VITAMINS/HERBS/FOOD via Codex Alimentarius 
Whatever you're *selling* I'm *buying*! Just 'Cause of this video! ;P Too cute!!
No l dont have  affordable  health cate
Why did you approve the 700B defense bill?! The military was already huge. Waste of $!
You're the one who approved the defense budget.
Please run for president
Now that everybody has affordable health care, (and it's the law that everybody has it) there is no such thing as a pre-existing condition.
Not sure of your point. The GOP efforts to repeal ACA aim to allow rejection of coverage for pre existing conditions.
You either have healthcare or you are breaking the law.  The aca subsidizes low income. Today there is no thing as a preexisting condition.
Just because I have no control over a pre-existing condition you should have the right to set me aside and let me deal it?
With no help? How about the USA pharmaceutical company allow real treatments to cure diseases instead of finding a way to make profit
Explain to me how & why pre-existing conditions are a "such a wow situation to you"
Ironic that the one shouting "radical" is kicking another in the face.
I detest paying 7x more than private ins so medicaid ppl get covered on my dime. 10,000 deduct is not ins. Who pays medicaid ppl deducts?
Shouldn't this be a non-issue?  I mean, the ACA was supposed to fix this problem years ago...
#LessGovernmentMoreYou
Obamacare caused my insurance costs to go thru the roof! Guess I'm paying 4 all the freeloaders (DemocRAT base) to have healthcare
Pre-existing conditions coverage should not be part of a health ins plan. It should be covered under a separate catostrophic ins plan.
Your questioning is flawed. Affordable is subjective. However, under Obamacare the vast majority are paying more in premiums and deductables
it is COMMON in Europe . 

I even get healthcare in the US with my EUROPEAN UNIVERSAL healthcare insurance
@HasanAli1984
Is that supposed to be the Democratic mule or donkey?
I hadn't read that far into it  possibly!
Oh no def not, that's a deer
واو
منور عزيزي
Me to, but when's it going to finally happen?
This isn't radical at all. Single payer healthcare binch
this is extreme @SQLPi-bait.
I'm not 100% sure I didn't create it
I like individual responsibility and the government staying out of my pocket and within the bounds of the Constitution.
@CoryBooker Single payer makes sense thanks but you blocked U.S. from bargaining for pharmaceuticals. That was wrong and a deal breaker.
$1500/month for a plan with a $6850 ind/$13,700 fam deductible for a family of 4 that does not qualify for gov subsidies is not affordable.
Cute way to make a point!
Family policy went fr $560/mo to $1670/mo for less coverage w much higher deduct/co-pay. Will spend $30K before I can use. that's #Obamacare
My daughter cannot find healthcare. Can't afford healthcare. It's stacked against her. I'm heartbroken
Correct me if I'm wrong, shouldn't you have to pay a higher premium if you have a preexisting condition.We do in any other kind of insurance
What about Pharma co.s kickbacks?
Cory is in a panic and not being truthful.The proposed bill leaves in place protections for patients with pre-existing conditions.
I pay $7,500/yr and my employer contributes twice that and I have one choice for a doctor. That's not affordable.
Republicans kissing their 2018 reelection goodbye. That's right, just keep jumping off that cliff, you @SenateGOP lemmings.
Obamacare sucks hugely and has imploded Cory, and you know it!
First of all.   Goats!
Affordable??

Same as:
$2500 savings
Keep your doctor 
Keep your plan

What ACA plan are you on, Sen Booker?
Keep up the good work Cory Booker
This one goat is just having fun doing his own thing! 
And I also like goats.
The key word is affordable. The ACA is not!!!
Get your rest now Senator then #RunOutTheClock
I don't think anyone is against affordable healthcare...just the route to obtain it. Typically when government runs things prices skyrocket.
Who has affordable healthcare? My premiums are $1200/mo with a family deductible of $16k. Your scenario is a unicorn. It doesn't exist.
Retweet if you think people should be able to handle their own affairs, and don't want to carry the weak and lazy.
This bill can not pass. We  have many pre-existing conditions. Thanks Senator Booker for what you are doing
Love you.
So now you're calling we the people "goats". Nice.
Even more radical...actually being able to afford any kind of healthcare or not worrying about being penalized bc you can’t.
It saved my life!
Do you think your buddy Bob will be able to vote no too or will he be in jail?  Let us know from your front row seat at the trial.
I like universal health care. It's easy to co-sponsor a bill for easy press? It's bare minimum and lacking a spine to get the job done.
have you actually read the legislation or are u just talking off the Democrat talking points....waits & Cory never answers
Cory latest pills show18 percent drop by black women support for Democrats...what is going on. We need them now or everyone gets screwed.
Thanks for all you do Senator. America needs to focus on natural disasters, not man-made greedy disaster.  NJ lucky to have you.
Stupid cory.
Who taught them all to jump the hay bales then circle round and do it again and again? Been watching for hours.
My healthcare was affordable PRIOR to ACA. We need a bill about HEALTHCARE not about Insurance and subsidies.goats are the perfect visual
GOP claims its keeping its promise to repeal. But their promise was to repeal with BETTER plan
Hey Cory. RT if you have actually read what's in the current Bill around pre-existing conditions. I know Radical to read it right?
What a cute video of democrats!!!!!!!!!!   And Congress members!!!!
Healthcare for all seems like a no brainer.
Sir, HOW DARE U insult our intelligence by including the word AFFORDABLE w/our health care. It is anything but & YOU KNOW IT. <headshaking>
the ACA is a disaster and needs to be overturned
Gawd, I love pictures of goats, especially baby goats, especially fainting baby goats
Yes, please bring ur socialism utopia of venezuela to your followers. They r now killing pets and roadkill for food. Bit insurance is free!
Why is dental, key to good health, independence & self-confidence, not included?
Healthcare is not affordable. Under Obama my insurance went up 500%. Repeal ACA

Yea unlike the Worst bill ever; OBAMACARE; why don't u ask people who have to live on that shit show how it's working out, Corey? Silence?
You Dems and Obamacare have ruined health benefits from Ins companies where NOBODY gets decent coverage Please STOP the MADNESS!!
You should be doing #healthcaredebate with @amyklobuchar NOT #sanders We need someone who Knows #ACA to Represent #democrats @TomPerez
Sanders helped write the best parts of the ACA. Now we need to move towards #MedicareForAll and save millions of lives and $Trillions.
The GOP has told so many lies about the ACA, that ppl who NEED it won't sign up for it. They're paying fees when they could have healthcare!
They've lied so much that people whoa ARE SIGNED UP for it have no idea it's the same program under attack!
LOL I'm sure!! My husband's RW coworkers about fainted when he told him our premiums were $150/month. They had no idea.
And they make less than he does. They're paying $250 PER PERSON for the company's health plan. We pay $150 for the family.
They're making maybe $15k/annually (which is ridic on it's own). Probably 2 weeks of their salary goes to healthcare. How do ppl live?
And YOUR solution is? Lmao
All of us americans who love our country and those of us  have served had good healthcare for our families OSAMACARE took it away, penalties
And what is your health plan buddy?
hey corey. remember when you voted against letting us get prescription drugs from canada. would’ve been nice to get affordable drugs, corey
Did you just combine my love of Liberalism and my love of goats?!?!?!?
I think you meant to say "free healthcare".
READ THE DAMN BILL! IT DEFRANCHISES THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
Arizona affected by disenfranchising thousands.
And job loss for healthcare workers
Doctors need to start treating people for free
Right after I receive my $2500 premium reduction. Oh wait!  My deductibles are now higher than that. NOT AFFORDABLE AT ALL!
Be very careful upping rail security. As a rider, I don't want AMTRAK to become the soul-killing experience that flying has become.
Hell yes#NoTrumpcare
Do they have it now with that worthless Obamacare. I don’t think so. Need something better.
I agree, better- not worse
Ok, I love u Baby...but what's with the goats? 
I went through the nightmare of trying to find, then keep, health insurance because of a pre-existing condition.  Please not again!
Healthcare is not a right!!!
I would settle for affordable healthcare 
Can we also talk about healthcre as it pertains to criminal injustices by the police. Being healthy ties into every corner of life.
So where does the affordable come in? Typical #Democrat BS #CoryBooker all talk with nothing to back him up. #MAGA

As radical as voting to blow 700b on the military?
wait, did he vote for that?
Him and Kamala Harris. Unless someone falsified it.
Ugh.

How about a plan where insurance cos.dont drop out.remember the LIES you can keep your plan,use your doctor and rates would drop.All a Lie!
...and goats. I also love baby goats ;-)
 Force doctors to accept patients Force insurance companies to cap prices Force pharmaceutical companies 2 lower their profits
Youve worked in insurance?
If everyone is in all the time the issue of pre existing conditions is moot, no?
That's my kinda goat! Radical!
#SaveACA and goats - I  Senator Corey Booker!
Everyone including government & military should all have the same Healthcare Motivate law makers to care about everyone  
Do you have Obama care...?
Because we are all equal 

I feel like you really get me as an NJ resident because I have preexisting conditions and I LOVE GOATS
Me at 18 months
cc: @darth
I must b tweeting at congress cause the rest of us don’t have affordable H/C @ 2500 month can’t afford the deductibles
I like trading in a wrecked car and being guaranteed i will get full value as if not wrecked for it ... think stupid think
Everyone wants affordable healthcare. Hopefully most don’t want others to pay for theirs or the gov to run it.
Others paying for your healthcare is how health insurance works, you rube
Your profile has no mention of party affiliation...very odd...ashamed of being in the party of kkk (D)...go home your drunk 
I only the adorable animals!
The video should be a reminder to the people,ALL THE PEOPLE,of YOU in Wash. passing a bill not read 1st! RUN!
yeah except it isnt affordable...have u looked at the premiums and the deductibles lately or are you stuck in the ivory tower of the Senate?
You sure you read the bill?  Your dem leader never read the ACA. Just saying.
Wow.  I like it.   But, wouldn't that take money away from the 1% who are the "vital" job creators?  Like your "out of the box" thinking!
No problem 
And, I love the goats, too!
The goats is what sold me!
The drug war is racist,ruins lives and steals from poor families w/RICO.
Help legalize cannabis to reverse the trend.
Thank you.
Who could say no to those goats?! 
#IAmAPreexistingCondition
Moar goats plz
who is the intern that did this I want to meet them this is gold
When is all this wonder going to happen? A very small percentage get a benefit from obamacare while 300 million of us pay the bill.
How about affordable drugs too, or do your donors say no?
Hmm.."a-f-f-o-r-d-a-b-l-e. h-e-a-l-t-h-c-a-r-e" is a strange way to spell "universal single-payer." @jimmy_dore
what part of the proposed plan says there is no pre-existing condition clause? I read it I must have missed it please point out specifics
Goats for healthcare! @KaylaRayne_ @eehornburg @whymermaids @CaitlinVanasse @btwnchapters @sarahannehayes
Yes!!!!! I love goats and affordable healthcare for all!
I live in Canada where it's not radical.
Good god man, you pay theGST tax! You people up there are being raped and don't even know it
We did 6 yrs ago, then you forced a craven tax ponzi scheme on 96% of us, bankrupt families, stole our doctors.More unins'rd now than before
Mmm..you sure more are uninsured?I work in a hospital ER, we have a LOT less self-pays coming through the doors.
Omg this gif. Much-needed laugh right now.
Can we also import prescription drugs from Canada?
No, Cory voted against that. Lost my support when he did.
I also am pro-goat
Dems should offer the solution. Drop the emp mandate to 250/worker. Make all plans ppo = any dr. Increase HSA Med tax savings plan 10k/Fam
er, nope.
The ACA helped my family!!!
Yes!!!Called my Senator Duckworth. Letting my voice  be Heard.
What's even more radical is if you actually voted against authorizing an unnecessary military spending increase #whereistheresistance
I also like Sens who don't spend $700B on military like they were buying mints at the checkout.
Fight senator! Fight dirty! Fight hard!
I would like to have affordable healthcare however ever since ACA the costs have not been affordable and got progressively worse each year.
Do you remember how much premiums were increasing BEFORE the ACA? No? No?
I do but mine went up 62% with a higher deductible ACA was one big FRAUD
Are you knowledgeable about how health insurance plans work? Were you in an insurance pool, indiv. rated or was the co self insured?
I am self employed I know quite a bit about purchasing policies.
Good, then you know there are a lot of factors. There are lots of needed improvements to the ACA, but reform was long overdue.
I don't know enough about plans accessible to self employed folks to have an idea of how the ACA affected them. My exp. is with sm grp plans
Was this filmed at the Trump - Erdogan love fest??
Was the co-sponsor of #MedicareForAll just for the press conference? It's important more Senators make the MSM rounds
Everything he does is just for the press conference - he doesnt actually care about fixing broken healthcare
Affordable?Are u joking?guess u didn't read WSJ article that Health Ins cost for a family is now 19k per year.ACA working great. #hypocrite

How the hell is a graph that ends at 2010 remotely helpful for this discussion
Because it shows healthcare costs were increasing long before the ACA.
Thank you for supporting the Medicare-for-all bill
Supporting a socialist healthcare system knowing it could never pass in U. S. It not leadership or courage!
What's your point? I believe it's every voters duty to acquire information from both political parties to make informed decisions. Try it!
Does the content of the bill or the fact that won’t pass this congress that part that bothers you
If you can find me a country where socialism works I'd look at it. I'm personally a capitalist so not a fan of socialism
The NHS in the UK is run by the government. British people love it. Why can’t we have something similar here?
I guess if you want to be on a waiting list for your basic services go for it. There's a reason we have the greatest healthcare system in
Hold their feet to the fire, Senator Booker!  Let's nip @GOP objective to #repealACA in the bud once and for all right now!
Is 19k per year affordable? U have done ZERO for your constituents. How about we hold your feet to the fire. Fix the problems. #hypocrites
Thats too much to ask of her... after all it's not about us. Did nothing for gas tax, welcomes illegals, and thinks aca is affordable. Waste
Evidently a lot of people in the US are still living in the 19th century.  Sad!
Not retweeting bc $367 a month for required insurance (catastrophic insurance at that) is not affordable healthcare it's a joke.
Suuuuuuuuuuuuuure.
Nice goats.
The Trumpeters have absolutely no idea what revolution they're soon to experience.  @SenGillibrand    Let's be revolting...together.
More vagina hats?   Another crazy Ashley Judd or madonna speech?  Break out the coloring books and hot chocolate this sounds serious.

Baby goats bring all the calls to the Hill. And they're like, your bill is baaaaaad.
Be honest, you found this gif and then figured out how you could tweet it...amiright?
