That's in addition to the number of people who would not be able to pay for medicine over the counter thanks to you.
Republicans don't give a Damn about anyone but Themselves!! #ILLEGITIMATEPRESIDENT
not like booker is different, he voted against allowing importing cheaper prescription drugs
Nice try...but no. @USCBO
We need to have a replacement in place for those on #ACA and the clause about preexisting conditions must remain!
@ghelmy  You must not confirm Price. If you confirm him, you vote against the ACA. Period. No nuance. Vote against Price.
@senbookeroffice A sad time for the world .
ya well it shouldn't cost me 800 a month for a right to have insurance
Cory Booker, you are outnumbered.  Many are the afflictions of the righteousness, but God delivers us out of them all.
you are owned by the lobbyist like all the others in Congress!!
, I just want to know why did you vote No on the bill that Bernie Sanders proposed cheaper medication from Canada!!!!!
stop being a big pharma sell out.
wait, are you flip flopping? You do know that didn't work for #HRC?
& wat did u do? U voted against @BernieSanders to allow us to buy pills from Canada. We will remind u of that forever
the # of people who are forced to buy it and can't afford it is??????
read the nyt article senator i smell a treason trial
Didn't you receive 18 MILLION from pharmaceutical companies?
.@CoryBooker yea, u've been mostly alright Senator, but why'd ya go & vote against @SenSanders' cheaper drug import amendment? It'll cost ya
The Dems brand as pathological liars has finally stuck. People don't buy your crap any longer.
give it up Booker. U don't care about us, U care about $ from donors. Don't lie. Crook.
Blah Blah Blah.... Scare tactics from another lefty snowflake....
Something that might have been helped by the pharma bill you helped kill, right Cory? Oh wait, that's right...
you should be impeached for lying--hope our President dismisses losers like you
what do you care Mr Big Pharma!!
OBAMACAREIS A RIPOFF!ALL IT DOES IS MAKE RICHDEMOCRATSRICHER!THEFRAUDTHEY STEALUSBLIND!


unbelievable nuts.
Mr Booker I commit on this # that you put out but not enough room wish I had your email. You are wrong
@SenBookerOffice @USCBO 
People list health insurance when the ACA was implemented... Your point?
Have you seen Trump's Plan?
How many people will die because YOU voted against the Sanders Bill to allow imported drugs from Canada? Corporate tool,
they will enroll freely in a plan that works.  Will be a 19 million gain.
very disappointed in today's vote. I will remember in 2020
#SaveACA Keep fighting!
Reminding CONGRESS we are watching @USCongress_GTA
@JenniferFerrin @USCBO This would carry more weight if you weren't in the pocket of big pharma.

Cory Booker & Corporate Democrats  Screw Over The Poor & Bernie's Bill https://youtu.be/2HAqDPfj8B8  via @YouTube
And how many people couldn't afford it, and had to be without?
The GOP doesn't care, but Trump will when his supporters realize what has happened to them.
Obama care is Unconstitutional and Illegal that is fact. Look it up.
Repeal& REPLACE doesn't mean abolish it dopey! keyword = REPLACE. Retweet that Mr Fear Monger!
Is that more than the number who LOST their insurance & doctors under Obamacare? Does it include non-citizens, too?
@SenBookerOffice @USCBO Please protest with other Democrats at the Inauguration. It will only anger your supporters even more
Did pharma OK this message for you, Coray?
how many Healthcare workers will lose their jobs, too?
can't let it happen. @GOP make it better not repeal. Universal coverage, cover preexisting conditions, no lifetime caps
cool; when did you start caring about people and their healthcare? Seems a bit hypocritical after you carried water for pharma.
$268,338 Ted Cruz & Rand Paul voted WITH Bernie. They want to save poor people u want them to die
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ng2FNvShMpo&t=20s …
more BS #aca
I remain troubled by your big pharma funding. Can't tell you how disturbed and heartbroken 
hey nicole check out this politifact article
I SO hope thius is true.  God, is there no end to the BS out here? CORY, please address.  Thank you James.
number of Democrats that voted against affordable medicine for Americans #dirty13 #Demexit #weneedaffordablemedicine
And they're doubly screwed bc you ensured they won't be about to pay drug prices on their own
But you voted against more affordable drugs, dude. If you can't protect the ACA, then at least offer alternatives.
it's an outright disgrace they can betray the American people this way. Hope 18 million voted for Trump.
Why are you persecuting God's people Republicans????  Hve you lost your soul?
How many affected by your recent NO vote, Cory?
cutting off the nose to spite the face! Let's fix the glitches of existing healthcare so we can move on to real issues at hand!
Incredible! Keep fighting Cory!!!
where is the morality????
@thiswaltz5 @USCBO This seems to not be a problem to the Repubs based on the hearings!  We have to fight for an solution
my son has had three surgeries that we pd out of pocket because our family was left out of the plan. but we don't matter
Maybe fucking do something about it instead of voting against cheaper prescription meds. How's the paycheck from big pharma?
"Viral image about Democratic senators and 'big pharma' is misleading" http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/jan/18/other-98/viral-image-about-democratic-senators-and-big-phar/ …
repeal and replace is the plan. You know this but care more about politics than fixing a broken system
but but they have plan right?  They've been prepping for this for years, surely there is a plan!  ...Right?  #Booker2020
The @SenateGOP @HouseGOP DO NOT CARE. Their HC, and urs, is safe. Who cares if 18M suffer & die if GOP gets paid.
If not replaced. Important distinction since there are competing plans to replace.
what plans? There are currently no plans in place by the GOP to replace immediately. Will take two years to replace.
Ryan and Trump both say repeal and replace to happen concurrently. If you don't believe them that's different.
they have nothing in place to replace it. They have to come up with a plan other than only HSA accounts.
Again, they both say it will be concurrent. ACA has not been repealed.
This is the #GOP telling 18 Million Americans to just F off and go die; their spouses, kids, parents, families: tuff!

http://thehill.com/policy/finance/314991-trump-team-prepares-dramatic-cuts …
@charlesjo @USCBO republicans can't hear you because they have bananas in their ears
you lost me with the vote for Big Pharma
Scare tactic by trumphobes for trumphobes.
# of adults who would no longer have their $ stolen from them, get their doctors back, 200 million.
- Mr. Booker- I ask you again- Boycott the Inauguration!
I will not VOTE for you in 2020, as you except money from Pharmaceutical Companies
If not repealed it will implode.
Bull a lie we should regulate healthcare companies They are to blame
I'm one in the 18 

that is IF there is no replacement at the time. Try telling the whole story. We are going to fix health care for all!
I think this is a step in the right direction. Before OCare their were 30 mil not insured. Scare tactic it will get done
actually the uninsured rate has drastically dropped since the ACA was implemented. Prior it was 15.7% now is 8.6%
A big # and hard to process. Is there a city or state with the population?
Do the republicans have a plan? If so where has it been for 6 years?
Was left on Harry Reid's desk anymore questions?
I don't know exactly why @CoryBooker is tweeting this. Pretending to care about the well-being of people is laughable; that's not his style.
Hurt all of these people to get back at Pres. Obama! How could they be so racist & hateful! #ureapwhatusow
Ha republicans caring about poor people who could lose health insurance.

And the irony is republicans voted for this to happen and now whining because they will lose their insurance.
side note... you can still run in 2020 AND protest the inauguration #StandUpToTrump
