So tired of people with penises legislating for people with vaginas! 2018 is coming!
Don't forget...more @GOP vaginas voted YEA than NAY on the motion.
Funny thing is 40% of planned parenthood clients are republicans.
They do surveys. The head of planned parenthood said it on CNN before the election.
I actually used pp when I was young for birth control and yes I did fill out. She won popular vote by the way. Start saying your pledge to
I have never seen a party so hell bent on destroying women, minorities, our institutions and our planet. GOP is #disgusting
Ever notice Republicans treat women like abusive, sociopathic husbands & boyfriends do? #DOMESTIC #TERRORISTS all
I've always said homophobics r secretly gay & it scares them. So it doesn't surprise me 2 see him all cuddly with a boy. I know there's more
I think so too. I have a gut feeling that he's got skeletons o' plenty. The pics of all those men voting on women's rights...massive secrets
WTF is undeserved areas???
Once Trump is out, Pence has to go. No Handmaid's Tale America on our watch!
Ever notice the most unhappy, always complaining people live in RED STATES ? Is it becuz their politicians take everything away?
Repubs strip constituents of all needed services & then blame the dems in true "Trumpsonian" fashion. #GetYourTaxesWorth
THE TRUTH IS THESE WOMEN WILL DO WELL IN LOCAL WOMEN'S CENTERS WITHOUT PLANNNED BARRENHOOD ABORTUARIES
The GOP are greedy scumbags!  It's all abt the money for them. ..
If you hate vaginas, raise your hand
In North Carolina, can Pence's wife have dinner with a trans man? Under NC law, he's still a woman even if he looks like Chris Christie
I think hes a closeted gay. Mike, its time to come out.
Buy his internet history and find out. Grindr
If Trump resigns & we get Prez Pence, foreign adversaries could topple him with women, trans people & HIV+ asking to shake hands.
Yes it's true. Putin's wife will ask him to dinner and when the salad comes he will actually explode. Like feathers and smoke and stuff
Putin pivots from poison to pussy. 
I gotta work on my list of political cartoons to draw this weekend.
OK but the two "P's" are identical to Pence. That's why he's such a "D". Good luck
I'm assuming this was meant to read "under-served."
Oh no. There was a woman next to him. That must have been scary for Pence. He has such a hard time staying faithful to his wife and all
Smile while you can @VP You'll be proven complicit and guilty of treason w/the rest of the Trump camp soon enough.

#TrumpRussia
$5000 paypal bet that you're wrong......
Let Hollywood pay for Planned Parenthood not the American taxpayer. This is such a scam. #draintheswamp
Just have the persons private doctor perform whatever they want, but give them the bill. Tax payers don't need to foot this expense.
Looks like he's going to Disney World!
How do they sleep at night?
Anti-life
Shame on them.
Old and white with a penis?
Karma is coming for you, Mr. VP.
Stop smiling @VP, ur going down with #russiagate too. You disgust me @GOP! How dare u take Healthcare from women #womensrightsarehumanrights
Smile, Smile, Smile.  Your day will get better.
the senators who voted for this are depicable
PENCE Votes to kill the funding for needed family planning for women.
PP is nothing more than a baby killing & illegal selling of body parts organization. No more with taxpayers money
Pence is a criminal of the worse kind. Seemingly following along smiling while all the time leading with Ryan and Bannon.
I believe the word you meant was underserved, but I'm sure "undeserved" works well too, as GOP feels no women or families deserve care.
I saw someone walking near not his wife!! Quicksand exposed under the swamp.
Despicable 
Um, I think you meant to say UNDERserved areas...
I hope everyone is paying attention to this it's so important to know who they are especially when it's time to vote educate yourself !!!!!
holy shit that is disgusting
That's the hand he uses to jerk-off with thinking about all the people he's killing 
I think you meant underserved, not undeserved.
Yep: Pence looks like an excellent personification of the banality of evil. Second only to his boss.
I dream of the impeachment of the so-called pres... & then I remember whose next in line.  Tweedle dee or Tweedle dum  - one heckuva choice

Makes me sick...
@VP @POTUS can rot in jail, then rot in HELL! #Collusion #TrumpRussia #russiagate
Smug. Disgusting. He needs therapy
Show me the law chuckles that says taxpayers have to pay for Planned  parenthood. You cant. the law does not and never has existed.
I support Title X, but why did it take all 8 years of the Obama admin to finally get those elements passed? Equal blame to go around.
Why do democrats hate women so much? To you, They're sex machines, or abortion machines or contraception machines..no,they are human beings.
Gloating jerk. He hurts people with his beliefs & horrible policies.....
God willing Pence goes down with the ship too
Rural poor keep voting Republican. The sheer attrition should solve this problem in two more generations.
Vile human
Disgraceful
.@VP Shame on you and every @SenateGOP  1 in 4 of your female friends have or will have an abortion. Thanks for making it so much harder.
this why the youth need to vote those old people out of office, their f... ing up america for our youths
UndeRserved... that R makes a difference
REPUGNICANTS!#ConManTrump #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #FlynnFlipped TAKE THEM ALL DOWN!!!
Your make believe facts are going to cost your party.
What a assholl !
It's the look of accomplishment!! Time to end handouts for people that refuse to help themselves. Use it for the ones that honestly need it
disgusting!!!!!  I don't recognize this country!! #resist
Youblook like arse holes.
#undeRserved.  Pretty critical R missing there. :)
Did @VP's hand pass the #SmellTest, or is that just a @POTUS thing?
Inaccurate portrayal of the action. The States will now have that funding discretion .
Impeach tgmge GOP
This admin is a nightmare from top to bottom. The pic of a bunch of old white rich men sitting around deciding to defund @PPact made me ill
How sad
#trump will be impeached, #pence takes over. 2018 sweeps the house and senate. Lame duck pence. 2020, dem potus.
@eclecticbrotha complete and utter tool.  Loathe him.
Wonder if his wife's a woman . . .
And this woman-hating republican is a fake christian too. What a phony baloney. He makes me sick. I want to barf. Wait unti 2018 pence!!!
@Mama3Cubs They need to go
Cunning @GOP plan to increase unwanted pregnancies so they have even more abortions to protest!
pure scrum sickens me 
He's a douchebag
ASSES
No wonder he won't have dinner alone with a woman.
He looks quite proud of the fact that he's complicit in increased maternal death, the spread of disease,unwanted pregnancies. Thx, Pence.
@TheDemCoalition Saruman the White
No wonder he always eats dinner alone with his wife. She's probably the only one who can stomach him.
@TheDemCoalition Lies people get the real facts all he did is be the tie breaker to a bill that's not law yet
This war on women is going to cause us all to rise up. It's time to vote these selfish greedy assholes out of office #voteBlue
Sad day for Americans,  especially women.
douchebag
@TheDemCoalition Ya, a bunch of old white dudes who hate the poor and underserved. When can we vote to take their HC away?!??!
I am from Western PA the anti-Clinton campaign was RELENTLESS morning/noon/night
Oh god, this sucks...if 45* impeached and Pence clear he is 46, if Pence part of #Trumprussia we get Paul Ryan?  Oh shit we are fucked
So fked 
Mike Pence waving like he did some ! This foolish man just cut funds for women's care that especially hurts low income & rural areas. Why?
why do you think states are incapable of taking care of their citizens?
That's how you looked like after rigging primaries for Hillary
So many things they can do, yet their priority is destroying women's lives. WTF??
Lets see their reaction when they r all voted out in the next 2 to 4 years bcuz they've screwed everything up so badly. Just like after Bush
Karma always wins
That lady looks happy
They're all disgusting
those who restrict health Care are murderers. Those who endorse gun rights are murderers. Same people.
@SenatorIsakson @senatorperdue very disappointed u chose to go this way!
when you vote to save children's lives you mean
lol
@SenateGOP It will be my lifelong effort to vote against any Republican who continues on with racist & misogynistic actions
Another SAD day for women.
i think you mean "underserved" and not "undeserved." one letter makes a major difference here.
After this group get done with America we will need to start all over
Evil, as usual.
Totally evil. Totally sinister. 
What is wrong with GOP?  Why do they hate Muslims, women, LGBTQ, immigrants and so many more? And why do they hate science & facts?

Again, accessibility and affordability are two different things.
What a shmuck.  Idk how he & the other vile ppl live w/ themselves.
It is time to nail the coffin on this evil regime!.. They are ruining a good country full of promise! We are regressing at a fast pace!!
These haters of the least among us, will have to stand before God, and answer why they would oppress millions of women & families in America
Thank you @GOP @VP for saving unborn lives. 
But Mother approved. @VP
Boooooo!!!  clean water and Healthcare are a right!!
Sad day!
federal gov't in debt, plus not responsibility of federal gov't to fund this. Did not vote to restrict. That's a lie & u know it

What a f*ing disaster. Total disgrace to religion to deny help for those in need. My  for the millions of women who will suffer bc of this
F that guy. @MikePenceVP
IT WON't be forgotten
Love the message but think you meant "underserved" not "undeserved." :)
@TheEmoryDems people should spend their money on health insurance and not 46 iPhones a month @jasoninthehouse
@CoryBooker these people are despicable!!
@GOP @VP *donating to @PPact in Pence's name* We the ppl must fund PP ourselves until we bring b these s down.
You look like someone who shut off you donation machine.  if they give up Dem donations could by a mammogfam machine
@Str84NOH8 Pence will probably masturbate thinking about all the women he just killed. Then cry because he masturbated.
Pence represents the Christianlite mentality. Heavy in the use of the term Christian, lite in any actual Christ-like ways.
#houseGOP #GOP #congress  I am so disappointed in all of you that it literally hurts!
Sick!!!!! This administration is anti-humanity. I have never seen anything like this. So damaging to what we stand for in America.
@PPact glad this passed!! I'm tired of paying out of my taxes for other people. Especially for abortions!
I cannot find the booooo button on twitter for the ludicrous speed in this legislation #Boo-urns
I think you mean "underserved" not "undeserved"
#spellcheck

I live in a rural area and there isn't a PP within 50 miles of me. Abortion ISN'T healthcare good for Mike Pence voting for this
What you look like when you stand up for the most vulnerable in our society - unborn children.
ALL DEMOCRATS ARE CROOKS!
We will remember their betrayals. The Blue Wave 2018 
Keep religion out of government!
@CoryBooker sad day
@SenatorCantwell sad....very sad
@CoryBooker why does  that women next to @vp have a goofy grin? Is she starving from not being allowed to eat w/pence #resist
Po-faced Pence
But these scumbags win their elections, they win reelection. Some one is voting for hell on earth and complaining about the heat. Flush GOP!
@sherilynch they believe in "families". Forcing women to subject to their "plan" to keep women and poor families subservient.
@cindyrelish Like to tell you whatbId like him to look like. Drug him and dress him as a girl. Kidnap him and dump him in Central Park.
You Dems are anti America!!!
@CoryBooker jerk!
Hope all the women who voted for Trump and now will be directly and negatively impacted, have awaken.
problem is Fox News won't air any facts or ads which dont propagandize the people in those areas outside their BS.
Pence=vomit
you mean underserved, right?  #spellingmatters
@SenatorCantwell pretty sure most rural areas voted Trump and are pro life. They want health services not abortions.
@TheDemocrats How about a counter bill requiring mandated lifetime healthcare for any women & children born in these states?
@CoryBooker They're so happy to hurt so many American people. Who's afraid of Russia when we have this right here?
.@SenateDems It's both amazing and disgusting how much pride the @GOP shows in taking away women's healthcare.
No one took away women's healthcare
@CoryBooker everyday I think it can't get any worseand it does.its gonna take a long time to fix all the damage that's been done
CORRECT YOUR TYPO or get BLASTED ON TWITTER.
Get a JOB, that is what my family who lives in rural Tn. They pay their way.
@VP this was the wrong decision and you should be ashamed.
@SensiblySecular Pence is evil
And financially this makes neighboring states pick up slack. Did God tell Pence that women are evil? How about a magical day of reckoning?
Organized religion just means that people gather based on what kind of magic they believe in, then they use it to bother everyone else.

Republicans look pretty darn GREAT to me after voting to restrict health care for women&families in rural&undeserved areas!! Dems are LIARS!
He calls himself a Christian. Shame on him.
REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE!
@CoryBooker I hope that’s a typo of “underserved” because they definitely deserve it.
have dull bulbs ever thought about increasing the supply of healthcare (not health insurance) to make It more affordable?
