shukran!
thank you!
misogynist!
@ThereseOSulliv2 What is it that you celebrate? Subjugation of women, slavery of women, no equal justice for women...
weird.
/\
You should read what this letter written by a #Muslim has to say about #Libs  defending Islam.

https://www.gatestoneinstitute.org/10091/muslims-liberals-leftists?utm_content=buffer7c810&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer …

This comes across as delighting in opportunity to exploit these faces using veil of pseudo righteousness. #dark
The only real way to celebrate Muslim women is to facilitate their liberation from that death cult. Anything short is anti-woman.
Everyone who's getting triggered here just shows that this is important, and you can't back down.
after serving multiple tours in the Middle East fly there and support them. Please then post it on twitter!
And for this other womens may not like it sometimes.becoz everyone believe Cong & Dems are best in Equalities.i think u like gandhiji.
And iam the one strongly supported from the begining for this particular religion.For that's I tweeted u & shared u so manythings..salulove
Don't you love everyone? ...Enough to tell some of them to tell their husbands and sons to stop burning gays alive etc?
Mr.cory iam the long-term fan of u & congress & Dem...Y the only thing is Equality & safety & peace.iam strongly supported this religion..
Cory, you will celebrate anyone or anything that is in your interest. you would celebrate cancer if it gave you $ or votes
today and everyday #Clueless
just move to Yemen for a year and document it on video live and show us how peaceful the religion is ,some will join if ok
their ignorance, attire, or their intelligence or looks?? What have any, either sex done to help the world, ANYTHING TOHELP
- beautiful people.
doesn't exist in ME
Really? Then do something for the poor Muslim woman in the counties where they are not even treated as human.
You are in the minority again
how about people celebrate their OWN religion or NO religion day?
oh and it is National Paella day too
what day is Satanist women's day?
what day is I celebrate Lutheran women's day?
what day I celebrate Humanist women's day?
what day I celebrate Sikh women's day?
what day is I celebrate Buddhist women's day?
why celebrate one group of  women when you should celebrate all women everyday.

Engaged to Wissam Saleh Al Mana
Married to Wissam Saleh Al Mana

#MuslimWomensDay 
do u beat the shit out of them if they take their sheets off?




You celebrate them being held down as children and having their genitals mutilated? What an example you are 
coming to America?
I feel bad for them too, stoned, whipped, mutilated
thank you.  Though Im not Muslim one of my dear girlfriend is.  She is a strong spiritual woman.  
I totally love how they are completely obedient to their men.
Just wondering if you have ever said that you celebrate Christian women.
Right. Mr. Booker is saying he ONLY celebrates 'muslim' women. Really? That's what you read? #drama

No matter how much pink U put on it, women being beaten, cut, lawfully raped & dictated over is nothing 2celebrate
your right Cory. Keep them behind you and beat them down
yes let's celebrate with a good old-fashioned stoning
"Unless they want cheaper drugs from Canada. Then fuck them." - Cory Booker
Why don't you stand up against the oppression of Muslim women instead of enable it you coward
Can they ditch the hijabs and wear a pussy cap, drive a car, or go in public without a male chaperone on #muslimwomensday?
You're clearly either willfully ignorant and uneducated, or you're an abuser yourself! Either way: You're unfit for office
today and everyday may be very unpleasant for some of these women. Sadly.
Thank you for your words & bless you, Senator 
how pathetic. Beatings, clitorectomies, stonings...which do you celebrate?
Someone needs to. Their own men tend to just lash them, stone them, genitally mutilate them, and honor-kill them.
And they put up with and embrace it
I hope people remember this when he comes up for reelection.

you're just a follower, not a leader lmao!
pandering much? how about their husbands beating them? such a hypocrite !!!
That's a problem men of all faiths suffer, unfortunately. It's not confined to a religion. @SenBookerOffice
Correct but Islam is one of few religions in which abuse of females is institutionalized.Research truth!
#NotInMyHouse not now not ever.
Come on! This is to much! Where did #muslimwomensday come from?  If we just support everyone as equals the world would be better off.
