"Two more weeks of getting folks woke"   Keep fighting!
Best defense is strong offense. GOP not defeated--their recon-in-force identified opposition strength and location. Main attack coming. 1/
Your pal.  Isn't CT your worry.  Help fix this healthcare bill.  It's your job and you are out in the streets, doing nothing.
Stop wasting my tax dollars, no better than Malloy
Unbelievable it's come to this.  Your face says it all.  Keep moving forward, you have our love and support
The republicans wouldn' be able to use it as a talking point! Spread the eord!
Will you support Medicare for All?
nohting "impromptu" about it...just 2 Hacks playing politics instead of coming up with solutions.
Wish I could be there with @irishrygirl & @frithamarie. Grateful to both Booker & Murphy for speaking up for Americans. #Wealthcare #Resist
Now if we could re-educate the people on the impact the republicans removal of risk corridors had on the ACA and premiums increase!

Thank you! I'm glad there are humans with beating hearts in the Capitol.
Then why did Cory vote against @SenSanders bill to lower the cost of pharmaceuticals? #CorporateDEMS
I wonder what it will take for your Dem establishment pals to address pharma costs and adopt single payer healthcare? Hypocrites the lot!
Maybe while you are there you can ask Booker how much money he got from Kushner
To be clear.... Sit ins where folks are enjoying it like recess  are not sit ins.
With due respect, as a Democrat - perhaps your time is better spent outlining how we would improve Obamacare providing a counter pt?? Sigh.
We should let Republican members understand the public reaction to their plans for health reform during the upcoming July 4th holiday!
Cory Booker is not your pal, buddy.
Also...isn't it Capital?
CNN crowd, or real one?
It was fabulous to watch
Bravo
Serious question how do you wear these suits in the hot weather.
Why do the Dems spend so much time sitting on their keisters?
What a disgusting display. You are supposed to be a leader, this is how children act when they don't get their way. What an embarrassment
You mean like throwing tea off a ship into a harbor? #youwouldntknowpatriotismifithityouintheface
Actually, you should probably do a little research on Mr. Murphy and you will see exactly how is display here is staged
The only pals @CoryBooker has are named Jared and Ivanka Trump.
So not true, @Cory Booker is one of the good guys but may God bless you and open your harden hearts 
He isn't. Read up, Cory is no longer on the good side, he's in Trump's pocket, and don't bless me, I don't need to be blessed by you
Well aren't you special...
You cannot sit back, you must move forward. Failure to be strong, constructive and inclusive will doom defense. 2/
Our resistance worked...they will postpone...we shall not give up...we shall prevail.
Just like neighbors sharing their life issues and concerns on front porches of America during warm summer evenings. We shall kill the bill!
Sooo proud I'm from Ct when I hear you!  Keep up the fight!!
awesome
I would have given my left arm to have been there. Extraordinary. Historic. Thank you @CoryBooker @repjohnlewis
Thanks for showing up and speaking out. #leadership
Thank you very much, wish I could be there with you!!
Very cool
Thank you for doing everything you are doing!!
Chris...improve the bill and quit obstructing. Obamacare is killing us...in our wallets and with no choices! Solutions NOT obstruction!!!!!!
Cory Booker is a fraud… He had a chance to vote for cheaper medications… Big Pharma owns him
Thank you!
Thank you.
@RobinTryloff @CoryBooker need GOP there
Thanks for standing up (or sitting) for US citizens!
Same @CoryBooker who voted against making pharma more affordable? Yeah, ok....
Did @CoryBooker bring his BFFs Jared and Ivanka? Asking for a friend #TheResistance
Someone #Periscope this and link it in this thread!
Fan of yrs Chris but @CoryBooker Booker rejected bringing cheaper drugs in and takes big $$ from big pharma. #hypocrite
All kinds of awesome @corybooker @ChrisMurphyCT grats to real leaders. Capital steps at night: Potter level. Cue Francis Scott. Made my day
Crowd is building...
What, statues out of their own feces?
Why do these events get NO coverage? @cnnbrk @MSNBC @ABC @CBSNews @FoxNews @NBCNews
looks like @Kiel_Chesley in the center
Thank you!
Thank you all!!!
This should happen more (hopefully one day when things aren't going to he!! In a hand basket).
Thank you.
You two are awesome!
They should just let ACA crash n burn.
So instead of trying to help the President fix healthcare us taxpayers are paying u idiots to hold sit-in and protests. U should be fired!!!
Thank you!!!!
Thank you! With you across the miles! Keep up the good fight
#Resist!Maybe tell your colleagues that ANYONE who supports trumpcare will be out of a job in '18.(Maybe sooner.)
This is what leadership looks like!   
but as usual you are ignoring the problems in your home state. too busy grandstanding. we have real, pertinent and immediate problems here.
Thank you @ChrisMurphyCT we love you in CT & are proud you're our senator.
Running mates 2020??? I would vote yes!
That's awesome. You guys should totally also vote for cheaper prescription drugs for Americans. Oh wait, @CoryBooker didn't do that.
Thank you for speaking out for the American people, who are being cast aside by the self-serving GOP. Shame on them. And thank you!

Lot cooler if you were doing it for #MedicareForAll, but we all know that ain't how you & #BookerTheHooker roll.
THANK YOU FROM CALIFORNIA!!!!
give 'em hell. healthcare is a human right, not a privilege for the rich.
Unfortunately for @ChrisMurphyCT CT is in the shits, so he has nothing to run on in a general election.
So he's sitting on crap for nothing.
Bless you all for doing this.
Vietnam war sit-in to end the war and bring the troops home
AWESOME!!
Damn, Dems have a lot of skill sitting on their asses. In fact, they excel at it.
as more people lose ocare coverage and pricing increase you both do nothing. Failures!!
While you're there, ask Sen Booker about his vote against brining in cheaper generic drugs...
Thank you for representing!!
You are just the BEST
so, I suppose that's a sit-out
Thank You Senator, my state is living vicariously through Connecticut right now.
Party on, dudes.  Very cool.  Sorry I can't be there.
@pxbern @CoryBooker thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can't wait to vote you out.
Thankful to have you representing feelings of many vulnerable Americans, Sen.Murphy et al.
Wish I was there !!!
Is he sitting on a pile of pharma cash?
You just won the interweb tubes today.
Thank you @ChrisMurphyCT !!! Proud that you're my senator. Keep up the fight!!!!
Thank you!!
PROBABLY THE ONLY PRODUCTIVE THING THAT DEMOCRATS HAVE DONE------HOPE YOU GET MOSQUITO BITTEN
God bless you Steve. We will prayer He will soften your hardened heart. Have a wonderful evening 
Thank you all for supporting the Average American!  We do appreciate what you do for us!
Thank you for standing up for the most vulnerable among us! Wish I was there to join you.
Let's hear a big #UniversalHealthCare shoutout from you all!!!
Hello? 

>Crickets<
Wish NC had a Senator like @CoryBooker who actually cares & ACTS for it's citizens Truly a man of grace, God & love of country Thank You Sir
Fake grandstanding, represent all your constituents, not just the ones that pay you. Carpetbagger.
Inaction in action!
Thank you and everybody who is there!
You guys are our heros
I sure wish I were in DC to join you, stay STRONG fellows!! #Resist #NoTrumpCare #NoTrumpcare #SaveACA
If you could have a word with Cory about allowing import of cheaper but the exact same drugs from Canada as we have in US, that'd be great.
Thank you!!!
Awesome! Thanks for doing this, Senators. We're happy some of you have our back. On voting day I hope beyond hope it's most of you.
Sad.
fuck cory booker
Let us know when you're ready to fight for #MedicareForAll so we can join the rest of the world in having #SinglePayer
would @corybooker sit in on big pharma reform? #boo
At this point, it honestly just feels like a publicity stunt. I'd rather see Dems do something to actually stop this bill and help us.
Any better ideas? As a child of the 60's, can tell you all great change starts with any & all means no matter how insignificant it may seem.
Thank you for doing this! Glad to know some in Congress are looking out for us.
What a great idea sit and film turn your cameras on.   "sitandfilm"

WTG!
Thank you and bless you
Thank you!!! We are all making calls to save ACA
Thank you.
Wish I could join you! Resist and don't let them get any further! TY
Remember.  Health care is a human right.  No, really, it is.  So said the US government 70ish years ago.  Yes, the one in America.
That'll show 'em!
Thank you all!! From Those of us whose elected officials don't really represent our view, I would like to offer my appreciation!
Thank you @ChrisMurphyCT and @CoryBooker
@EricBoehlert @CoryBooker AWESOME! I thought this was happening Wednesday night
Sen. Murphy, your "pal" is a sell-out.  I'll never forget his vote for big pharma and against the people.
Way to do it! Steal Trump's limelight!!!
Let's see you on live periscope or Facebook! I will happily share
Like people did with @CoryBooker's vote against importing cheaper Canadian drug.
*drugs*
Good move. Draw a lot of attention to this 'mean bill' the pres promised wouldn't be.
ask cory how my autistic foster son will afford his meds if he loses care...since cory is a pharma shill
You go Cory yay
I wish I were there!
ur all #Rockstars 
#ForeclosureChrisMcCue
If I lived there I'd send you food and drinks.
I'd join you but I'm too far away. If @CoryBooker wants to hold a sit-in in Newark, NJ however, I'm there.

And thanks for fighting for us.
THANK YOU
Social media whoring while CT is ready to beat Illinois to bankruptcy. Great job Chris.
BTW Chris, how many guns are there to protect your sit-in?  @DLoesch @ChrisLoesch Why would you need them w/ DC's laws?
Oh yes guns make everyone more safe. #delusional
Which is why Chris and Cory are surrounded by them right now.
Thank you, Senators!
Guys, really, this is great but... 
Why not go *inside* and work with the GOP "No" voters to put together a *good* bill?
I dunno, just sayn
GOP will not work with Democrates. @Potus has poisoned bipartisanship like never before!
Then let it be them who are the true obstructionists in that case. 
Sitting on the steps, not working...It's kind of making Dems look bad...
Cory is a sell out. Charter school scammer. Anything for a dollar #bookerthehooker
Appears to be Tee'ing himself up for a run in 2020. Pandering to his base which is what you have to do. We need solutions not obstruction.
LOVE YINZ GUYS!! @ChrisMurphyCT @CoryBooker Start The Chant!! #LordyTheyLie 
Thank you for all you are doing!
Thank you for fighting for the people!
I wish I was there! Know I am with you all in spirit and heart.
Cool!
Thank you for all your hard work on this!
Hard work?!? Ha! I just spit out my coffee.  
Must not know what hard work is. It's not just #resist
I love this, I was crying watching and listening to you all talk! Thank you for caring!
Good luck to you and Cory.
Please keep up the pressure!
Where are the #mean13? Hiding!?
Any plans to take on Big Pharma re RX prices?
Ha! Not w Booker around.
100 Senators & 435 Reps and NOT ONE ever brings up Big Pharma prices or the premiums set by ins companies.  And never will.
Best politicals money can buy. Deposits made to their non-profits or their foundations. It can be recovered. Jail for graft of healthcare
Great use of a Monday night!
Thank you!!! Keep up the fight.
Thanks for your activism! Keep at it.
Impromptu.  Im Promp tu. Impr..you know what, never mind.  Just google it.
Be safe, all. Thank you.
I LOVE THIS! Thank you!
Niiice look at that!!!
Keep fighting the good fight, Senators.

And thank you. 
Babies.
Brilliant.
In West Virginia, but with you in spirit.
Thank you !!!!
That's dumb
Thanks for fighting to #SaveOurCare - NC thanks you. Burr & Tillis don't care.
I'm in NC too and so ASHAMED to even validate Burr & Tillis's existence
We need to call them out for their non representation. Ironically, the same thing that has been going on at the state level in NC is now
happening on a Fed level -nationally. The entire party feels they can shut us out (that includes those who voted for them)
