OH GREAT!! GOD HAS NOT LEFT US ALL ALONE!! WE CAN'T SUBMIT TO PEER PRESSURE~REMEMBER MANY OF THOSE INDUSTRIES CREATE JOBS IN AMERICA! #ALM
WHY CANCEL AMERIUCAN BUSINESS! WE (& CHINA) EXPORT THESE FOSSIL FUELS!
WHY SHOOT OUR OWN SELVES IN THE FOOT! WE HAVE TO THINK! @POTUS #JOBS
& #WhoSaid ITS A LIMITED SUPPLY??
GOD CAN PRODUCE IN PLACES, WAYS WE DO NOT KNOW!
MOST OF SCIENCE & MEDICINE, IS HYPOTHESIS! #LetsHaveFaith
Stop tweeting until you publicly return Trump's money, disavow Jared & call for his security clearance to be revoked because of the SF86 lie
Did you really listen?
The SF86 lie is not at issue. It is fact. In my opinion @CoryBooker needs to remember how he became the shining star of the DNC & lead. 1/2
Stop the most Americans voting for the one whose name they see and hear the most through Media, and huge donations will not be needed.
Then there is no reason not to return the money & disavow. The clearance should be revoked pending outcome of felony charges. Due process
Is that due process?  We treat people like they are guilty until proved innocent?  Then Trump & all of his cronies need to leave the WH.
Um.. it doesn't seem like you understand due process.
I'm sure others will follow our lead.
Senator- please return the Kushner money. I have always voted for you, but the pharma donations and the Kushner donations are bad.
That was a fake story
Do you have the real story then?   I'd like to read it  ... because the Kushner news was disappointing
why can't he just opt of it as an individual? the rest of us can still participate in it.

call me, paris. i'm the USA. we're in. #satire

hi texas valley girl.
don't post memes, k? especially propaganda ones. you just got reported for spam.

it's twitter. you have to think. bye
Every Bernie or Bust  voter who refused to vote for Hillary is a treasonous traitor
That's a club I wouldn't want to be a part of. ..sad.
Clue to how you know you are on the wrong side of history: You side with Syria on climate change
Finally, not among the misled lemmings. Thank you, president Trump for leading instead of kissing up.
Cory, explain why total control of our economy and a never-ending tax payment to private banks is good for us
Good, if it was such a good deal, why did Obama go around Congress.
Because he couldnt anything good for us passed by the house!! Republicans remember?
...and only 1 of 3 countries actually paying the bills for it. #MightWantToRethinkGroupThink
Stupid orange devil! !! #resist #ParisAgreement
Don't bury the lede: We'd join SYRIA & NICARAGUA
That at least makes sense, considering its rather stunning natural landscape.
Yes WeThePeople have Spoken n Support Our USA President Trump 
#Prison FakeNews Leakers Anti-Americans neverobama/clintonAgain
Disavow #Kushner NOW & call for #impeachment. Constitutional norms have been attacked by Trump's improper ascendancy.

#Covfefe
# MAKEAMERICALAST
Russians are popping champagne and laughing at us! Trump needs to go!!!

So what's your point? Try again.
So what!!!!
THERE YOU HAVE IT!  Another promise kept. Another step in the right direction. I'm sure you see it differently @MaxineWaters @SenSchumer 
That would be a good thing.
I forget the man's name but he said why should we have to start before China with Paris agreement? Well we used to be the leader!! Why not!
He even said we drive more.Well then let's make our cars air friendly. Make USA even greater. Let's step up!!
There's no Exedrin bottle large enough. I can look into weekly deliveries + intravenous (unless the optics might be weird). Happy to help.
If it didnt cost so much and only promise to decrease temps by .005 degrees in 100 YEARS then it might b worth it now its just a SCAM
But Nicaragua did not participate because it wasn't strong enough - on their way to 90% renewables.  Assad too busy murdering his own people
Revoke Jared's security clearance. Stop selling out America to millionaires that give you money

Jared Kushner built a luxury skyscraper using loans meant for New Jersey's poorest, job starved neigborhoods.
Senator Booker, I'm begging you to run in 2020. Our house is on fire and we got no water!!
So What?
I hope yur NJ constituents don't vote 4 U in 2020 cuz U R too close to Trumps. $ talks doesn't it Cory? 1st the drug co owns U & now Kushner
How emaressing-not to mention irresponsible of the USA. It's on the states, the governors and mayors to step up where your Feds fail!!
Syria , Nicaragua  , and the USA GOP. What good company the Republicans keep!
Yes and he is going to put the world back a few centuries. He will be gone before the fool can see the effects of his uninformed decision
Holy shit..you beta male, that will be so drastic or it could be phenomenal for our economy.. If we start losing homes in 10yrs then worry.
This money you are making off this climate change bs is filling DC with so much money...you ppl don't want to pause it do you?  Fraud!!
How about you democrats go manipulate some more data.. Beta!!
Obama Administration included a clause to secure US participation for four years!  Why is this overlooked?
Shameful!
Tell me again how you saved that lady from a fire you fraud!!!
And the worst polluters!
good the US should not be giving it's sovereignty away. Stupidity = Globalist
Speak to ivanka & Jared.
You seem to know and like them
Re campaign fundraising they did for you
1 not part because they want more aggressive targets and enforcement (Nicaragua will probably join down road rather than remain on outside)
the other war torn Syria with no functioning diplomacy to speak of. So for all intents and purposes Trump is pulling US to lose leadership.
Do something about it.
He doesn't care because it isn't a profit for his or his cronies companies.
And if he withdraws a lot more will follow. 
So what?
Yet many Sen signed letter encouraging it and you support Jared, disappointed in you. All of you I think are nuts.
Yell and scream and put pressure on him to keep it. Otherwise we are doomed.
Yeah, UNTIL the US pulls out...then everyone will abandon ship because the US pays for everything... another #LiberalLunatic rationalization
YOU PAY FOR IT.   US HAS BEEN PAYING a lot. OBAMA GAVE THEM. $ 500 million THE beginning. Of the year. Another $ 500 millions when he left.
you have a lot of nerve speaking out on anything ... you're just as bad as those that padded your pockets

shame on you Booker .. SHAME!
Big whoop
Well, there you go. What next?
Why are we going backwards? We should be leaders. We can't allow ignorance and fear to guide us. Haven't we destroyed earth enough?
sometimes its better to go against the grain...
Trump doesn't care neither does his cabinet
Yeah but that Kushner money tho...
One of which isn’t participating because it doesn’t go far enough (Nicaragua)
This is so sad...we are going backwards...
But what can we do? As the man dismantles all our progress, it feels like a hopeless battle back to sanity.
Tweet sent in reply in error.  Just meant to tweet out the comment that resonated.  Sorry!
"The freedom of uncertainties  allows us to move forward."- Chloe Benjamin discussing The Immortalists.#LJDOD17
You lost all credibility @CoryBooker when you voted against affordable prescription drugs. Resign now so a progressive can take your seat.
It's not what's best for other countries or you.
That's the scariest statistic I've heard yet  #ParisAgreement #TheResistance #DontPullOut
Disgusting. Tragic. Shameful
A sad, embarrassing tragedy @VP  @RepJimBanks @RepWalorski @RepLarryBucshon  @ToddRokita @SenToddYoung @RepTrey @SusanBrooksIN @LukeMesserIN
If your friend jumped off a cliff....what's your point?
disgusting.  long 4 years
#sad
Well that's one thing we can agree on, now can you stop being such a hypocrite and be a real Democratic Like Bernie Sanders.
Ugh.
Oh my goodness, money from the Kushners. Two face Cory
We are one of only three countries to not use metric system, too.  We just don't like sciency things, clearly.
The ignorance, arrogance, and greed astound the rational mind.
Glad to know you are siding with the Dems on this at least.
Hope he does withdraw US from the Paris agreement based on their views about a divided Jerusalem.
@MadisonSiriusXM @realDonaldTrump-China will welcome less restrictions and reward Trump YUGELY in U.S. and in China. Cory crook?
@HeathenSkater13
he's only doing it because it was obama's plan plus he thinks he"s king #lock him up!
Good
He will be ceding power 2 rest of the world for innovation & the new economy. We can't be great on 50's economy. Somebody tell fool Trump!
Nothing new, we are only one of two countries that advertises pharmaceuticals…
Lost my respect when you stepped back from impeachment conversation....the people should know where your campaign $$ came from.
#JaredKushner own you
PLEASE make it absolutely clear to Trump that if he withdraws the US from Paris he is a LOSER.
Who are the other 2
Good decision. Obama, the great enemy of the American people started this crap,
Why didn't Obama sign? He was there for 8 years with the Europeans.
Corporate Dem tied financially to Trump Admin feigns outrage.
Awesome
So do something about the mess this country is becoming and GET HIM OUT OF THERE!!!
#dumpty will back out of #ParisAgreement and claim the US got the short end of the stick. "We're not paying for other countries pollution."
He did it for spite, petulance and just to show he can. Power hungry ego maniac.
how much would it take from big Pharma for you to back this move?
-Unforgivable that Booker voted against lower drug prices from country with more safety checks than us.
But it seems politicians only care about the Constitution when it is convenient to pursue their policies
*"Some of these parties are part of the agreement but have not formally ratified it." When did the US Senate officially ratify?
Obama should not have gone around Senate. You should be appalled that he stripped your Constitutional power to ratify treaties.
The people that want us out of the agreement are in the minority.  How is this governing for the people when the people don't count?
Democracy downgraded to "not fully democratic". Angela Merkel now leader of free world. Ranks w/blown up! Syria(!)& Nicaragua. What next?
Sympathy for those whose country, Syria, is blown up! No time for basic daily living much less climate change.
well, we have become a 3rd world party thanks to Trump and the Republicans who will not stand up against him
To pull out of the #ParisAgreement is a huge mistake. This will hurt America's potential in generating new jobs in clean energy. Sad.
Good, don't you think it's kind of aragonite of man to think he could destroy Gods creation. He decides when the world ends not us
Why won't you renounce Jared Kushner? .@CoryBooker You should return those campaign dollars.  Treason isn't a good look.
I've been reading a lot about you Cory Booker; I'm seriously concerned about your money connections. I need clarity on this.
@SenJohnMcCain @SpeakerRyan @JeffFlake @AllOnMedicare @charlesornstein Those 2 countries probably have better health insurance than us!

Most of the USA feels like the Senator's daughter in the pit waiting for the @FBI to rescue us from @potus. Where is Agent Starling?!!! 
& you still think its too soon to talk about #impeachment? Our planet's continued existence is literally at stake. Very disappointed in you.
Wrong. This planet will continue to exist after humans are gone.
Get him out of office. Enough!!!!
Smart decision for those who do withdraw!  At least 3 countries got it right!
Does that make us a minority? Can we apply for welfare and stuff?
We went from leaders of the free world to a dangerous joke of all the world. Who supports pollution? 1%ers still profit even with regulation
I had very high hopes in you. Supporting over constituents makes a bad legislator, not a good leader of the people #2020VisionStartsNow
What an idiotic move if he does.  Maybe Europe will take the lead.  They should not be held hostage by POTUS who is clueless
Good it is a bullshit cause. No one is lowering shit, it is a reason for governments to travel to paris on Tax payer money. It's bullshit
After the USA withdrawals , watch how many more will follow over time! The beginning of the end of Globalism
So??
Will you return the $41k Jared Kushner paid you?
That's no reason to stay...
He doesn't care #Biff's focus is not on us
It will also prove that he doesn't care about his or anyone else's grandchildren. 
Standing with Syria & Nicaragua on climate, China & Turkey on income inequality, and the entire 3rd world on universal health care. DOH!
Your support of Kushner has made me stop supporting you.
The Paris Agreement is a bigger fraud than Bernie Madoff’s investment fund. Every country should pull out.
Sad
And if we agree it will hurt our sluggish economy. Not to mention it's only a scam.
Way to lead from the front @realDonaldTrump and @GOP....#ClimateAction
This combined with lack of support of Article 5 diminishes our leadership in the  world!
Who cares if we're the only one? It's the right thing to do for our country. No phony climate change.
But Corey he bases all decision on what Putin wants, so America destroyed quickly. Healthcare going well, of course withdrawal from Paris?!
Mr. Booker, it seems to me that YOU and all like-minded in Congress should be having a screaming hissy-fit, or at least screaming about this
so why don't you Democrats work with tromp get shit done that you're supposed to be doing
Good. Usually we are only one of the three countries paying our share when it comes to "participating."
and y'all ain't doing shit about it.
You need to pick a team. By the way you appear more self absorbed than ever, how much to buy you out?
Majority oppose being punished by actions of few and unpopular.
@CNN @AP @FoxNews @nytimes @BBC @sternde @latimes @japantimes @ABC 
If you think #ParisAccord is so urgent, why wait on impeachment?  Oh, and #RUSSIA!  Thought you were one of the good ones...
Yeah, but those are the three really good countries. So there.
Make America Sane Again
Maybe, Booker, you should request Kushner go to jail for espionage and treason.
Wow, you are paid off by the Kushner family? If so all my respect for you is out the door.
Explain yourself, please.  Very disappointing to hear that you support Kushner because of campaign donations??
God help us
U.S. fast becoming a 3rd world country like the other 2 non-participants. Simply impossible to understand this ignorant thinking.
YEAH!!! Go Trump!
Real question:  How difficult would it be to rejoin it?  How hard is it going to be to fix these mistakes?
Can Congress do something about this?  After all this is an existing treaty.
Maybe it is time to raise a little ruckus....or do you still want to give him a chance so he can royally screw us?
Looks like Syria & Nicaragua know something you don't, @CoryBooker.
Yeah, because all the third world countries want our cash payouts. What a surprise. 
Only God controls the climate dummy.
Please explain the Jared situation
Cory Booker: 'I'm not going to rush to impeachment'
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/cory-booker-im-not-going-to-rush-to-impeachment/article/2624365 …
Hmm this seems a little off here
You want him to remain Presiden
This should have been dealt with during the election, not after he has been elected.
Perhaps we need to be 1 of 3 more often
This undoing is horrible. He is unfit.
It's truly a shame and disgrace that American will no participate in this momentous agreement. Trump is leading us back to the Dark Ages.
Unbelievable.  WE'D JOIN SYRIA & NICARAGUA.  We are the laughing stock of the world.  How could this man bring us so low.
This is unbelievable doesn't he understand that this has real consequences he is going to make US worse off by isolating us #worstpresident
You can't be pro #ParisAgreement and take money from #KremlinKushner, hypocrite.
Three countries that actually get it right then.  The rest mostly interested in redistribution of wealth and power.
You've lost all credibility until you disavow #KremlinKushner and his money.
Trump is beyond any hope of redemption. He's lost it or maybe he always had. He's the most #dangerousman in the world currently.
#Science must always #Trump political partisanship! Stay in the #ParisAgreement and stop playing partisan games with our lives and futures.
All part of Making America the Dark Ages Again. We will be left behind as the world moves forward w/ clean energy & the jobs that go with it
Don't let him do it protect our future
He HAS NO IDEA what he's doing!!  We need to get him out IMMEDIATELY! He is taking us so far back, we will need to start from scratch!
500 years ago, Spain was one of the only countries who didn't subscribe to the "scientific consensus" that the world was FLAT.  Hmmmmm...
