As Cory knows, SinglePayer is the only answer as healthcare is a right.Thanks for supporting #SinglePayer! 
So you want to hand over 1/5 of the US economy to the government. Why? Do they spend your money so well?
In other modern nations, single payer systems actually benefit the people & stabilize the system by decreasing healthcare costs.
And those countries have high unemployment and stagnant economies
All of the 10 most prosperous nations in the world have a universal healthcare system.
You mean all those homogeneously white countries?
You're arguing that a country with black & brown people shouldn't have a single payer system b/c that's just for white people.
"Healthcare is a human right"?

Support #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer and we'll believe you.
Yes, but I don't care. #Singlepayer is the best moral, publicly accountable, and economically sound way to achieve 100% coverage.
Well Canada comes here because they can't get medical attention, where are we going to go Canada? It is not working for them
If you're rich, US healthcare is great. No working class Canadian would ever knowingly switch to our grotesque, immoral system.
I was a single mother of 3 and I had killer insurance that I paid 125 a month for but try to find a policy at that price with no deductible
No, you didn't.
Ok I'm lying jerk
Why r ppl surprised @GOP wants to rob millions of Healthcare? These r same aholes responsible 4 stealing ppls homes/mortage/ finance crisis.
And they removed regulations put n place to keep it from happening again. So hold on that rerun will hurt.
This whole thing will. We r bound for huge economic crisis due to numerous factors. What Obama cleaned up was nothing like what's coming.
The Sky is falling! We are gonna die! typical Lib hysteria
Interrelatedness. Time will show you. It doesn't take a genius.
Did u make that word up. Not in Webster's dictionary. But then you have to be able to look things up to know that. Genius at work.
Keep searching its there.
So what's ur point? U do have one right? Somewhere in all of this
Anything President Trump does for healthcare would be better than Obamacrapcare.
Keep calling it #TrumpCare -- make @realDonaldTrump own this #KillBill that harms 22M+ #Americans -- no rest keep up the fight
Did you tweet when all those people lost their insurance and doctors under Obamacare or is horrible only it's the republicans
All those people -- what about the 15 Million that were able to get health coverage -- we are looking 15 million losing coverage next year
When he gets rid of taxpayer funded insurance and enrolls in Obama Care then I will believe he means what he is saying.
Two racists working together
Hey Chris, wouldn't it be hilarious if entertainment was a human right? You would get the government allotted salary? That would be cool?
You guys are just fooling the poor people with health care, just like the travel ban. 9 to 0 supreme Court rule.
Ignorance is bliss trumpies
President Trump is winning, win win win. Show me what the Democratic accomplish in 2017.
Your ass will be the next group out of here! Let's see how great you feel about Trump then!
Thanks to both of you <3
I think the president of United States is pragmatic he is right what does
True! it's a constant unchanging cycle. When is someone going to stop this train from moving in the same directionI'm gettingdizzy !!!
Health care is not a right.
Unless you support Single Payer you're lying
Stop taking so much money from the healthcare lobby and we'll believe you as more genuine on this issue.
Hi, I'm Cory Booker, I took 267K from pharmaceutical companies and voted against a bill that would help you all because my donors told me to
Only once you all hounded me for weeks on end did I cave and ACTUALLY represent you, I'm totally for you guys though!
You guys are the reason why the the left keeps losing.
I'm not voting for a Republican over Booker, but it's not wrong for us to say we deserve better. Guy's a corporate shill phony, like many.
So one issue you don't like and suddenly everything about him is fake and he's a shill. THAT'S why we keep losing.
We keep losing because the Democrats decided they'd rather serve corporations than us. But fuck me for holding my senator accountable right?
I'll refer you to my last tweet. But go ahead and burn it all down in a tantrum because he doesn't agree with you 100%. Thats working right?
Canadians have such a hard time understanding why anyone who has to work to live or can't from illness etc hates govt healthcare. It's great
Your government may be great, but hey, look at this mess we have going on now. Govt. healthcare run by ours, no way ours would be.
PS our govt isn't perfect we have issues too. My brother & wife live in Fla so I know both sides well. He says those w/no HC plays on psyche
It's a luxury, not a right
I LOVE HOW SO MANY PEOPLE HAVE NEVER ACTUALLY LOOKED AT ACTUAL LAWS! Simply put, something that is optional is a LUXURY, a RIGHT ISN'T
I love how ignorant you are
Just because I say healthcare is a luxury, doesn't mean I'm for any of the crap that's happening damn it
Healthcare is an advancement made to save human life so it is a right since we have a right to live. Dieing is not an option
NO. Healthcare is a personal responsibility, not a human right. Rights are static from birth. Healthcare is a result of lifetime decisions
Do you believe in African American slavery too? Or do you limit it to people in the medical field?
Why don't we all have your Healthcare if Obamacare was so good how come you not on it
If Obama care is so wonderful, why won't they give it to a disabled, widowed nurse? I have no income now, can't pay $180 Mo. #CantAnswerThat
Healthcare is a RESPONSIBILITY like auto insurance. You must take care of yourself so not a burden on society.
No. It's not. Just because it sounds good doesn't mean it's a right.
Purchasing or getting it thru charity is a right: Forcing others to pay for it is not.  You're simply trying to buy votes.
You're a GD hypocrite!  Gfy
Thanks Chris, appreciate it 
مرحبا
Obama left a mess! Pres Trump is trying to fix this hell of a mess! It's why you are losers and keep on lowing!
HC IS NOT A RIGHT ITS A SERVICE THAT EVERY1 SHOULD B PERSONALLY RESPONSIBLE 4 THEMSELVES! #DEMS PUSHING LIES 2 KEEP CONTROL OVER THEIR BASE!
Will "T Bone" be there?
Stop being a commie. Healthcare is not a right, unless you have a right to kidnap a doctor & require his/her care! Or force neighbors to pay
Health care is NOT a right! Never has been!
Also, be careful who you associate with
@repjohnlewis is a hateful #racist
two clowns from the clown car:Lewis and Booker, where is Maxine Waters? 
Racist much? You're the clown, a**clown that is
It should be a Human Right. See my tweet earlier today.
You Right ! Healthcare is a basic right ! Almost Every Industrialized Country on Earth Acknowledges that Right !!
Love all the idiot trump lemmings hahahhahahha you all are crazy hill billies
1nk. Poach bijou u
Thank you!!!'
Thank you so much from California 2 time 62 cancer survivor
Please kill that bill.
The government NEEDS to Get Out of the Insurance industry. Form of socialism. If we getting OUT of socialism get ALL THE WAY OUT
Health care is not a human right. More leftist bullshit
Really,. Instead of that crap of resistance, why don't you join in and fix that disaster known as Obama care? I'm outraged that ur NOT! WELL
Working is a right. Healthcare has to be paid for,I want to help pay for healthcare for TRULY needy and my own family. Others can GET A JOB!
If it's a human right why do I have to spend 1300 a month for me and my daughter when others do shit and get it for free. Get ur ass to work
Sure. How about them prescription drug prices you voted against? You're a corporate shill like everyone else.
@CoryBooker takes corporate money. He stopped the govs ability to buy Canadian drugs to force US company's to negotiate. Corrupt like repubs
Something can't be a right if someone else has to provide it.
It is not a right Obama destroyed this country making people think everything should be free!!
America rejects socialism. No matter how you try to sell it... we are not buying it
Sign on to Medicaid for All or get out of the way @CoryBooker We will primary you if you dont. Im your constituent. @justicedems are coming.
Health care is NOT a "human right". Where do you guys come up with this stuff?
Got my copy of the Constitution and Bill of Rights in front of me now. Health care is NOT A RIGHT!

Thank you @infowars for the free copy
The health care plan that are trying is pass is murder.
Since when? When Obama decided America need another entitlement program to give away tax $ & increase debt? For 240 years it was not needed
Thank you!
Yes
Trump is a national embarrassment.
We should take health care away when they leave office
Rights do not require taxing one or some to pay for others to exercise.
Go Cory go..m
okay, but why aren't you pushing to get #SinglePayer adopted? ACA is decent short term, but it's still expensive & leaves mad ppl uninsured
Nothing socialist about that comment Cory... Not
Instead of nonstop grandstanding why don't you try to work with all sides to make things better for the people who elected you.

Then why aren't you on Obama care? #Insearchofanhonestdemocrat  (almost always 0 results)
As our popular vote President said #Healthcare Rights are Human Rights, and Human Rights are Healthcare Rights.
When will you admit that Ocare was used to destroy the middle class?
Go
Not paying for a service somebody provides isn't a right. I can appreciate the passion though
Liar. It's not a right.
You are a fraud and everyone knows.
Then why'd you shoot down an amendment to make prescriptions cheaper by importing them from Canada hmmm? You're bought, just admit it
unless your willing to pay for people to have health care.And your a socialist country and make people pay 65 percent in taxes.Your wrong
Universal health care. Now!
Knock down the doors make them work with u can't trust 13 white men with US healthcare Please everyone is watching
2 You DON'T have the right to force someone else to provide it for you.
1 That's right, you have the free and clear human right to take care of yourself and your own health care.
Cory Booker and John Lewis are BOTH members of the Communist Party USA...card carrying members.
Healthcare is NOT a human right. It was fine until you & Dems shoved ACA down our throats. Our deductible was $200, now $7500. All liars.
Which one of you sh*tbrained itdiots is "nit" & which one is "wit"? 
Also, healthcare is NOT A RIGHT! It's a service, got that?
Pls advise where to find "right to healthcare" in Constitution...I'll wait.  No luck? Then get the gov't out of healthcare.#RepealNotReplace
Healthcare is not a human right! That's ridiculous!
Corey learn some partisanship
Senator Booker, Please stop accepting any funds from Big Pharma lobbyists. The price your reputation pays is not worth it. I love you.
The sad about all these Tweets is the lack for your fellow man, we as Americans have gotten away from our core values and our pledge to all.
No one has a right to Insurance of any kind.  Not healthcare, car, house or life insurance, It's a product you pay for if you want it!
If @DNC put half the effort in fixing Obamacare as they do resisting @POTUS it would be fixed by now. Leaders r supposed 2 work 2gether
Yep, only idiot democrats think Healthcare is a right.  Taking from one to give to another is socialism.
You are wrong! It's a service that customers pay to have. You can't force ppl to buy it & you can't force ppl to pay for others to have it!
So this is a human right?? Who's paying for it buddy..I'm not paying for yours and don't expect you to pay for mine..get govt out of it.
The president is suppose to be for all people Trump just cares about numbers..attack the elderly and the poor.medicaid really
What dr's & hospitals are you going to force to give care or like usual try to steel from hard working Americans to care for lazy ones?
Cory and John know a lot about health insurance folks. They both have VAST experience in the healthcare industry.
lewis is barkin up the same Tree The Idiot was barkin up when he said @realDonaldTrump s travel ban wouldnt pass SCOTUS.. LOSERS LOSE AGAIN
Keep on fighting <3
Puije avoir en français svp merci Veuillez
Puije avoir en français svp merci

Healthcare is not a right it is a choice and it should not be provided at the expense of all the other taxpayers and the US government
You do not have the "right" to make Americans pay for it, to the point of breaking. As long as we're talking about " rights".
What is your basis for claiming health care is a "right"- who pays?? What a bunch of crap!
Human right?
Hypocrisy, the name is Booker.
So another day of u Booker making an ass of urself let me guess ur 1 fan alysa Milano will join you .
Cory, please get out of Pharma's pocket. Please. We need you on our side regardless of what they try and pay you
You're trying to confuse ppl by equating health CARE with health INS. All Americans have Health Care already!! Ins. is a responsibility.
No we don't. No insurance means no care for many of us.
Doesnt mean feds have right to tell us who and where to be seen or change our rates or fine us if we choose not to buy.
Where does it say in the constitution Health Care is a right? Oh it doesn't. That means you are a liar. Imagine that. #Winning
No.. It's Not a right... But a privledge.
It wasn't when I was born.  When did this miracle happen?
As long as you can pay!
health care insurance is NOT a human right. it is not listed anywhere in the bill of rights
Ok so it's ok to fight #Trumpcare but when we wanted to fight Obamacare everyone freaked? This country is messed up.
I Love Chris Evans
Hey Cory I used to have my favorite doctor and a cheap copay. But after Obamacare I lost both. Can I hear your explanation of why please?
Who are YOU to decide what Human rights are Why stop there, Haircuts are a human right, Cars, clothes, pineapples, food are all Human rights
Healthcare is not nor ever will be a human right. You need to stop making things up, just the facts please.
No it is not. It is a toy that you politicians use as a prop trying to keep your cushy gig that provides you better HC than US 
No, it's not a right., but U need to help figure it out and stop acting like babies. I can't afford Obamacare but I'm not out protesting
Health care is a human right? Where in the Constitution or Bill of Rights is this stated.
Health care is not a right. You liberals just make crap up to suit you and expect everyone to believe it. Health care is a privilege.
1000% CORRECT! TY
Love both of you, but Sen. Booker, you must drop Big Pharma!
Thank you for your staunch support of #TheResistance to Trump and this heinous healthcare bill!
Not a right. End of story.
Oh Cory, Cory, Cory....health insurance is not 'health care' and healthcare is NOT a human 'right' .....
Thank you for Always working for us 
Not at others' expense.
Which article in the Bill of Rights was healthcare, I must have missed it somewhere?
Absolutely.
so... I eat a lb. of butter & 2 lbs. chocolate  a week... rarely exercise... is free health care my right?
Representation by honest politicians IS a human right. Free healthcare is not. Govt provided healthcare is not.
Is taking bribes from Pharm industry the "right" of a member of Congress. We know what you do.
Really and who pays for that right? People paid a lot of money and spent a lot of years going to college and deserve to be rewarded
Cory Booker is part of the problem, fully backed by drug and insurance companies; Booker needs to be solved against!
No it's not . This is stupid
Well there is the swamp.....and figures Seth Rogan who never had 2 live in Newark nj would ret weet this....another hollywooder I boycott
I know I have questioned your leadership in the past, and I apologize. This is truly inspiring. Keep fighting for us. #Resist #Trumpcare
Freebies from the government using tax payers money only encourages those who want a free ride.
NO IT"S NOT A RIGHT THAT'S DEMOCRAT HANDOUT THINKING!! IT SHOULD SIMPLY BE AFFORDABLE AND ACCESSIBLE!!
You continue to impress me.This was very proactive. Personal note: you made my friend's day by "following" her.Also shows your intelligence!
Let's be honest. If EITHER side treated healthcare as a human right, single payer system would be in play.
Taking care of ones health is a persons responsibility. Gov should assist when a person has a disease that can't be fixed by diet & exercise
Spare the BS>I am tired of paying for illegals, leeches and welfare mothers that have kids they can't support!
Booker, party of poverty, as in , keep people in it so they rely on our hard earned tax dollars , through our blood,sweat  and yes, tears 
Sorry Corey. You're just as bad as the rest of them. I wanted to like you, then big pharma got ahold of you. You'll never get my vote.
Health care is actually an entitlement, not a right. Rights don't infringe on other people's wallets. #SocialismKills
How does healthcare infringe on other people wallets? It does not. The govt doesn't need your tax$ to spend. Educate yourself #mmt
The government mandated that everyone has to buy insurance or pay a fee. So yes, they needed a lot of money from everyone.
By mandating that, they ensured premiums could go down, although I agree obamacare did not go to ensure lower premiums. 1payer would do that
Healthcare is NOT a right! Just because you keep saying it.. doesn't make it true. You can't FORCE a provider of a service to give it to you
There are enough providers that dont need to be forced &always willing to offer their services. You have been listening to #RandPaul toomuch
Hey let's go to Jersey for vacation, fuck that I'll pass
Booker you suck too. Keep your poverty plan intact so your legion of lazy scum continue to follow
What was your vote on Single payer Corey? & Mr. Lewis
Do you have the ACA? If not, why not?
No it's not a right otherwise it would be in the constitution or any amendments. Stop your crap. Next thing is rights to have a job
Move to another country that agrees with you. You #Liberals want it all. Get a job and work for it. State programs provide for the indigent.
Thank You
SO so so grateful you're my Senator!! Great job!
No, health care is not a human right. Access to it is but you have no right to force me to pay for anyone's health care.
Actually this will be on Democrats too 1) ObamaCare failures 2) refusing to participate in fixing.
Here's a thought, get off your duff and actually do something. Your constant crying and tantrums aren't working.
If I join you, would you assist me?
It's not a human right. If it was the world would all have it. It's a plan that has to be paid for. Called pay out of your own pocket
It's not a right, Car insurance is not a right it is a choice, health insurance is a choice. Let the American people decide. We have brains.
What choice do you have when you can't afford it?? The right means right for affordable access!
Thank you!!!!  Keep it up we are with you!!
Thank you for fighting for health and well-being of the American people--physical, financial, and otherwise!
Booker needs to quit bitching and get off his ass and make suggestions
How do you give a service as a human right w/o forcing labor on another person & how do you propose to pay for this human right? #WeAreBroke
1st, we are NOT broke and never will be. Any sovereign govt that prints is own money can never go broke! Never. #mmt
The govt doesn't print the $, the Federal Reserve does. We are over $20 trillion in debt. If countries stop buying our debt, then what?
1) The Fed Resrv is controlled by the Fed Govt. The deficit is a Fed Govt deficit, not Resrv Bank deficit.
The Fed is NOT controlled by the Fed. Govt. They both have ballooning balance sheets. The govt has deficit & debt that is only growing.
Thank you for this wonderful event. 3 of us in my family now in Spain watching the entire thing!
