Please introduce a bill requiring 3rd party insurance per gun per owner with a min coverage of $10million
The same for cars,planes, knives, etc? Think before tweeting plz.
I get your point. But car ins. is the law in my state&airlines have insurance.Knives can't kill lg amounts of ppl from a distance in seconds
So it's an insurance thing. I've never heard that. Does Obama Care cover it?
I don't have the answers,but it's 1 possibility.I think we're desperate & afraid, and we're trying to fix what no one seems to know how to.
That I can understand.1st rationale, sensible, thing I've heard.from your peeps.Hate is the fuel, I think we can agree. The answer, not easy
I'm not afraid of the responsible gun owners who have them for protection or hunting. Autos & semis aren't used for that, yet ppl have them.
That's what I'm afraid of, and don't know how to change. And it feels as though there's a group of ppl who don't see it and don't care to.
and pass Thought Out Gun Control.   @jimmykimmel @SenBlumenthal
Please introduce a bill requiring 3rd party insurance per gun per owner with a min coverage of $10million
@sanderssays You do a lot of good. Thank you.
You do too
Thank you. We'll try again tomorrow.
I like you Cory Booker. Former Cherry Hill resident.
Just stop making guns..Tell them rich folks stop making viruses to kill us. Polio is linked to aids. Aids is man-made. Vaccines made to kill
Oh geez. See a shrink.
Tried to seek justice, surrogate angry I spoke up; he has control of disabled brother's home; mishandling funds to make homeless, "NOW WHAT?
Bravo!  Need these words at this trying time.   Thank you.
Sir, I was wondering if U could tell me who's demanding Justice 4 the 4300 people shot in Chicago last year. Can U PLEASE help me with that?
Tried to seek justice, surrogate angry I spoke up; he has control of disabled brother's home; mishandling funds to make homeless, NOW WHAT?
Idiot
Do the best you can with what you have wherever you Are..Peace.. Thanks
You and all your colleagues in Washington  DC should be ashamed of allowing the NRA run this country.
Common sense gun legislation.No high capacity magazines,background checks for ALL gun sales;on a no fly list/diagnosed MI?no guns.
take it to the streets in chicago. Oh wait, I forgot you don't give a crap about the 40 shooting deaths there.
Keep on keeping on
great , keep pulling quotes of the internet and cutting and pasting...you will do well as our next president....please help CAMDEN NJ ..
Describe "justice" in the LV shooting case, please.  What specifically are you working for?
The man who shot and killed 59 people and hurt many more was not a gun toting Republican. He was like the CBS employee, he didnt care either
She was like the democrat that shot the La. Politician as well He didnt vote for Trump either. Who would you blame if Hillary were President
The gunman In Vegas is like all the late nite comics that dont care about this either But they would if Hillary were POTUS
Or if it were dead animals that were shot.
If SandyHook could happen without laws being changed what is the limit here? We need to eliminate all lobbyists.
You got that right. God sees the real love in our hearts and the prayers as well.
Why do you support, sympathize and stand by Senator Bob Menendez who knowingly rapes very young girls and is on trial right now? U approve?
You and Chuck Schumer and who else I wonder,
support this devil?
We need congress to do something about gun control before the next crisis.
We need strict gun control laws! Enough @NRA BS! Thoughts and prayers are great, but we need common sense laws. @NancyPelosi
define justice for us. new jersey style justice where the prosecutors drop the gun charges for easy convictions? enforced rules on the book.
in dark times, we can still be the light! 
And you, keep running for Pres 2020
You've got it.... in a few words. #BetheLight
...(2/2) stop appeasing the NRA and get some balls (no disrespect) and DO SOMETHING! This has got to stop!
I thought when 6 yr olds were slaughtered in Newtown the AWB would be reinstated. And now here we are again. Congress needs to (1/2)...
You left out "continue to rail against Pres Trump" like a true Low Life @TheDemocrats. 2018 elections are coming. Support @GOP candidates!!
Thank you, Senator. We all know that you'll be doing just that.
Platitudes. DO something . YOU're in office to get something done.  We HAVE been demanding justice. Who on capitol hill is doing justice?
Beautiful & inspiring words, Corey! Now give us the plan forward!
Message received, it's all we have, our hopeful thoughts to not become a target; and without our own security detail team.  
English writing 300, D-
We will. You keep fighting for gun control and we will keep voting for you. <3
This is what New Jersey did to me for 3 years
So what’s more important - human lives or political/legal/gun rights bullshit...
This is how to #Tweet!
America needs to get off its ass and do something...who you with?
Republicans call Las Vegas tragic, but sit on their hands and do nothing about preventing similar tragedies in the future. #NOTREALLYSORRY
But when will someone listen?

Your fellow senator from NJ helped himself Democrats are just selfish loud mouthsThey expect the rest to give but do very little themselves
Amen Senator that's the language we need to hear not some divisive talk and lies from the bigot in the big house
And get help.
Buy guns and gun stock, wait for the next mass murder.  Read this: 
americanfreedumbandjustice
what are you going to do specifically to make sure this doesn't happen again?
You are in campaign mode. No truth or sincerity is uttered from your mouth
And Hillary is still walking in the woods
Introduce a bill. We will picket, call, visit offices of those who oppose
Don't know exactly what you have to do, but please get yourself ready to run for POTUS. Push-ups, debate practice, history refresh, etc.
It's just so tiring, Cory. I can't stand his voice on my tv anymore. Don't understand what the US has become when Trump allowed to continue.
Cory, I am a constituent.  Do something, please, about defeating the NRA!!!  Non of us are safe!  Please help!
We will! #MAGA #LockHerUp
"And keep increasing military spending while blocking cheaper medicine!!!"
I’m sad to say that after Sandy Hook I realized that NRA will always win. I mean now even mentally unstable buying guns is approved by GOP
...What Trump should have said.
Demand gun control. Demand a new interpretation of 2nd amendment. Demand that the preamble, life liberty and per suit of happiness take  president.
We do. But we are constantly out financed by the NRA lobby.
Thanks for Reminding me to send a check to the NRA today and thank GOD above for the second amendment ..signed 
THE RELUCTANT VICTOM
AMEN!
Vote!!!

Corrupt Cory We surely will continue to demand Justice! Justice is you'll Dems impeached, and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the Law !
You couldn't stop at loving, could you. This message means zero!
You have good thoughts, put phone # we can call to demand these bills do not pass.
How can we stop silencers for hi caliber guns? Armor piercing ammunition? Letting mentally ill buy guns. How
What a joke!! Keep spreading divisive rhetoric you hypocritical Lib! Look in the mirror! You are part of the problem!
@NRA my niece tried in vain to save a gsw to the head of a young women in the back of a truck racing to a hospital. She was covered in blood
Amen. Keep fighting for justice and gun control. Don’t let this terrorist be seen as someone to be memorialized as mental illness
You need to demand a change to the 2nd amendment. We need politicians running on his as a plank to their platform.
Let's start a pledge to decline NRA donations.  Get the gun lobby out of politics.  We can do this.  We need this
The time for talk is over. Common Sense gun laws, enforcement of existing laws. Spotlight on what the NRA is doing. Co-spon. legistn. LEAD.
Strictest gun laws in the country in Chicago.  Average of 58 people are killed by guns each month.
The cowards of the Republican party.
Yes keep demanding tougher laws
So proud to have you representing Jersey 
And should the demand for justice begin with those in government who have accepted money from the NRA be voted out?  I have been begging for stricter gun laws since before Sandy Hook.  Nothing, not a thing has been done.  We are left standing anywhere to be slaughtered.
Including real gun control legislation.
So thankful for senators like you, Sir, who are a ray of hope for the future, starting with 2020. Hopefully. 
What is this tweet all about? Do you actually do anything useful besides tweeting?

How about Congress starts doing something about it?
What's the point?  Nothing ever changes.  I am so tired of fighting.
Stop! We must. Quitting is what they want. Do not let them win. Let us pick ourselves up, pick up a phone, a sign but dont quit. Yes we can!
Justice? For what?same old garbage statements that result in NADA!
Gun control would be helpful. Dontchathink?
#LookForTheHelpers
Gun control is needed now!  Time for action.
Not sure what Corey is describing as justice. This evil man is dead. If demanding justice means bringing God back in America, then Amen.
Ban assault weapons and high capacity magazines
Tragedy after tragedy, useless Congress, crazed prez - life becoming exhausting for many. Love, action of citizens so needed now. #notalone
Want to stop evil? Bring God back in America and stop all of this self focused political stuff.
Louder
do you really think you’ll pickup where menendez left off? the dr will be in jail as well.
Like you did in Newark. As a resident I say look in the mirror
Please run for president
I demand justice for taxpayers....lockvup Hillary!
I demand real Hillary and Clinton fund investigation!  Martha Stewart jailed for nothing in comparison!
Lick some 
The shooters usually die, let's start prosecuting the leaders of their militias.  They are SO well organized!
and keep demanding better GUN CONTROL legislation
Keep up the good work
And keep pushing for regulations on military grade weapons. And keep fighting against money from the NRA. This has to stop! Speak out Cory!!
You are bad for USA. Blocking you.

Yes! Please preach it!
Justice for Menendez- criminal
Demand command  deserve justice
Sir, if a motive for shootings remain a mystery, check Alzheimer's onset. Mental illness is usually brain damage.

The Congress that let the Childrens Health Insurance Program lapse are as guilty of murder as the perpetrator of the #LasVegasShooting
Justice has been DEMANDED FOR OVER 8 DECADES..... WTF 
Thank you. I needed this today.
We need to do something about guns in America these poor people all they wanted to do was to have a good time
Keep promoting more strict gun laws. We are seeing something AND saying something. #JustSayNoToAuromaticWeapons
Chicago is murder capital of the world and have the strictest gun control. It's not guns that kill, its evil. Want change, bring God back!
We are standing with you sir.
How long do you think people can tolerate these games
Amen, thank you for real leadership.
How about you propose some sensible laws regarding the manufacture & sale of assault weapons & accoutrements.
Amidst an abundance of grief, we will continue demanding common sense gun control laws from congress. Until then, there will be no justice.
At some point you'll need to get past the non-specific 'common sense gun control' to xoncrete laws that are enforceable & effective.
We need #GunContolNow
Yup I need more gun control my shots are pulling right . 
THE RELUCTANT VICTOM
Gun control is the only answer. I'm tired of thoughts and prayers.
IDK, maybe people need to learn to respect others?
What is justice?
Cory your words always bring me comfort during the saddest of times and hope for the future,  because I know you will take action! Thank you
Obama didn't bring back the assault weapons ban. That needs to happen nobody needs an assault weapon. Only thing reps get wrong.
Thank you for your leadership!  Your message reminded me of a verse in the Bible: Hebrews 11: "Now faith is confidence in what we hope for and assurance about what we do not see."
Amen.
We the people are weary.. we are depressed and mad as hell.. You the elected need to get your shit together..
And how about fixing the problem....when is Congress going to stop talking and do their job?

That's not enough! Change is needed!
The time is NOW
Thank you for ur honest non polical statement. The hate must stop. This tragedy was fueled by politics. Dont let it continue.
Grief is overrated. justice never comes and the mass shootings continue.
Stop the liberal rhetoric Cory
Something that keeps me going and hoping:
Thank you Pete! I needed this message today. May you be blessed today & always! 
10/1/17 One guy killed 2% of the number of people that died on 9/11/01  So whats going to happen? A proportional response to 9/11. ProllyNot
In comparison it would seem that those 2% who died on 10/1 won't be valued very highly. When people die its cheap. But take down a building
Take down some buildings and conservatives get outraged and want to go to WAR.
At least that is what it looks like at face.
Ban fully automatic weapons NOW
Ban ways to convert semi to full
Ban machine tools?
On it. Just lucky to be in NY where my legislators listen. 
New York is an horrible socialist state. Cuomo is a second generation criminal.
I’m trying, but it’s hard. I’m old, and tired. So tired.
Terri I hear you & agree. We must fight. Our grand kids need us. Or we r doomed to stay locked in our homes, afraid. We must fight, 2gether!
Justice does not equal getting rid of guns.
How about we focus on assault weapons? Just a thought. Funny how fatalities have gone up since we lifted the ban.
Demanding justice from politicos won't help until the $ from NRA to politicos stops. #TargetNRA $ affiliates @FedEx No discounts for members
#JUSTICE There is NO justice when Congress doesn't act on tougher @Gunlaw tougher @Guncontrol and background check. We are living Injustice
Yes. Geoengeneering needs to stop. The masses put money before the people. Devising plans for population control. God gave no man that gift.
Oh please say you'll unite us in 2020!
You’re like an endless well of pragmatic optimism. How do you do it?
Psst:: he's a politician trying to be the President someday. It's all an act.
