Again work to fix it. Quite crying be the first to offer
You are in the pocket of the Pharm industry. Crook
Govt assisted health care needed to compensate for market forces that prevent people from just buying care #Democrats #SinglePayer #budget
Senate @GOP should be ashamed of their #healthcarebill. They turned their back on those who need healthcare the most
The Better What?  They should leave the word Care out of it, because obviously they don't.
I'm getting the feeling that shame is not in GOP DNA. Lack of empathy is.
tired of the BS it's time for you  all to come together for the people get this done #HeathcareBill
Actually Booker, you should be ashamed for taking money from Big Pharma to keep medications unaffordable. You're pathetic!
Senator, any resemblance of this heinous bill is nothing short of Indiscriminate Medical Terrorism & Reckless Endangerment. #TheResistance

If @GOP really cared they would have had discussions, debates, allowed the bill to be viewed. They're #deplorable & voted out in 2018
My husband is #disabled due to #marfansyndrome. How will we pay his med bills if HI lifetime max is reinstated? It will crush us.
Meanwhile in the real world people are suffering under failing Obamacare but let's just ignore that fact
Congress should live by own rulings instead of their top of the line health care.  If they lived as the m/class has to things would change.
Feds should just repeal 0-care. Dems and GOP can't find their own behinds with their hands and flashlights when it comes to healthcare.
NO THEY DIDN'T...STOP RESISTING AND HELP SOLVE THE PROBLEM-OR YOU ARE THE PROBLEM!  GOD HELP US ALL-SO MUCH HATE FROM THE LEFT
& you know all about that, don't you #PharmaHookerBooker ?
Where's the outrage? Where's the conviction? Where's the righteousnes? Make yourself heard, @TheDemocrats! Enough with charts and markers!
Poor already get state healthcare or medicaid with no copays while lower middle class goes without. You are muderers.
Healthcare is a privilege not a right. Who is going to pay for this entitlement? Not the democratic politicians. I will by higher rates!
So, you all NEED to fight it as if our veryives depended on it cuz they DO
Cory Booker is BIG PHARMA's favorite Senator $$$$$

Booker pretending somehow he is the opposition is laughable. #CorporateWhore #DNC -#NeverCory
Where have you been for the last 3 years?Obamacare is imploding.People can't afford premiums and deductibles.Wake-up.
Thank you sir at least someone in Washington is using his brain unlike trump and the gop!
The question is "Why in heaven's name are they not ashamed?"
3T spent on HC. Just under 10% on obesity and Diabetes alone. Senate bill not killing us. We are killing ourselves!  Free HC = Moral hazard
@CoryBooker Vote NO
I'm terrified. Without meds, I can't function/work. I make less than poverty level despite my MFA. What happens next? :(
Best #HealthcareBill ever is a declaration of  government removal altogether.
What are you going to do about it Senator? Ask Ivanka and Jared for money to help study the issue? Don't tweet, take some big action.
Healthcare? Is this about healthcare? No it is about insurance health DESERTS will continue as they did under ACA. WORK TOGETHER DAMN IT
Senate Republicans are th #DeathPanel they whipped people up over! They ARE the panel of men deciding who gets to live
Obamacare caused premiums for everyone to double, policies to be a lot worse, gov to spend $ it doesn't have, so demos should be ashamed
Thank you for your support of people with disabilities!
I think you meant #Wealthcare #wealthcarebill
Senator: @gop and 'shame' is an oxymoron, incompatible concepts. @SenateMajLdr is a tool of KOCH Bros oligarch agenda. Please STOP them!
NICELY PLAYED!
Republicans have no shame This unconscionable despicable reprehensible group voted for and support 45
You're making a fool out of yourself.
So you read it?? Sen booker spcifics please ??
Is it true that being a domestic violence or sexual assault victim would be a pre-existing condition under this bill?
Just so the 1% can have a tax break.. you trump supporters who think he cares about you.. watch out
But, but, but, WEALTHCARE is good for their donors.
What page is that on? Only 142 pages So page number... well lier.
explain how they turned their backs?? clearly is says Discussion Draft, so do your job and discuss. this isnt about politics its about lives
Cory: do you support fiscal responsibility in any form other than your personal wealth?   I thought so....
Sry Sem Booker disagree. GOP protect cost to midclass who cant pay for others coverage. bill keeps cadillac tax on top plns which rich buy
Why would this surprise anyone, they only care about themselves & the rich.
Lie you have not even seen the bill nor read it. Shame on you .What a lier booker is .Just follow your leader and take his money. SAD LIER
You have 2 followers, you sad little bot.
Do not let Murdering Mitch win.
We all need healthcare.
To be ashamed, they'd have to have a conscience. They don't. They'd have to care. They don't.
Remember when conservatives freaked over the ACA's so-called death panels? The AHCA is a death panel for potentially millions of Americans.
I understand your concern but what does "need it most" mean? We're all equal, need healthcare equally. Please don't marginalize the healthy.
As an older American who has Ocare & will need to 3 more years I'm horrified that I might pay thousands more for health care. I pay $7K now!
Stop w your scare tactics.Maybe if you tried to work w Rs on a bipartisan bill, but we know u and Ds only obstruct. #pathetic #Obstruction
Thank you for fighting for basic human rights and a common sense health care plan for our Nation's people.
You couldn't read 146 pages by the time it was released to the time you tweet.  I paid penalties last 3 years because I can't afford O'Care!
Their agenda is going after CHILDREN-eliminating HealthCare-destroying Education-eliminating Housing-even want to take their FOOD
Why should they care they still get to stay in office and do nothing
If anyone knows about turning his back on people who need him...
Well. The other one wasn't any better either.  So, now what
Does any politician care about the people?
IF YOU CARED SO MUCH YOU WOULD OF WORKED W/REP. YOUR A HYPORATE, THIS IS YOUR FAULT
They are ashamed that's why they are not sharing it with Americans. But they care more about the $ than people #resist #VoteThemOut
Health will be put in jeopardy could cause death show her picture to republicans I didn't serve my country to have them kill my child.
Those who run hospitals need to prepare the ER's. Those who use the ER for care need to prepare for return to double digit waits.
No @SenBookerOffice you and your shameful party are the ROOT! It was your decision to approve O care without looking at it! Blood is on Dems
My preexisting condition that got denied private insurance more then three times so relies on Medicaid with this bill my daughters2/3
Shouldn't the point of a healthcare bill be to cover more people not less?
Seems like you are looking for socialized healthcare
That's the GOP way.  Screw the little man so the donors make money off the failed policies
Of course not, there's no PROFIT in the SICK only the healthy who pay insurance that's never used.
They have no shame.
hey Cory, how about importing medicine from Canada?
Watching politics under this administration is like watching a bad slasher movie. "Don't go in the basement!" "Oh there they go. "
Actually we are FINALLY getting OUT of the basement!!!
they're too busy counting their new tax cuts to be ashamed
Is anyone surprised when it's been written by a group of highly wealthy entitled straight men, only thinking of their wallets getting bigger
and YOU turned YOUR back on #American's who NEED affordable prescriptions #hypocrite
Right! Cause you've done so much to fix failing Obamacare
Agreed, @SenBookerOffice but the @GOP has no shame--or compassion, morals or respect for our democratic process and the people they serve.
cry about it
#HealthCareBill On Trump's Titanic, the lifeboats are labeled 'Rich White Men Only'. #Slaughterhouse45 @Potus @realDonaldTrump
Really? I could have sworn Rich Black people are no different than Whites. And if you think they are. You're racists.
GOP aims to cut funds for poor, elderly & pregnant women, thus keeping classes deeply segregated & the poor powerless.  #Deplorable #mean
The idea is to get them jobs, not keep them on welfare..
well sir you are right, but mayne just maybe if your party had showed a willingness to work with the GOP maybe we would have something
Healthcare is a priviledge not a right...it has to be paid for...stop hurting the middle class
If som1 wants to buy health ins 2 day they can't (unless they have a qualifying event) will that change on the new bill?
You should be ashamed that your party is led by Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer.
Filibuster through unlimited amendments!!
It's not healthcare, its #senateTrumpdeathcare #Resist
Plus a broken neck I am blessed because I am alive but a lot of people are going to die and no one cares it just blows my mind no one cares!
And WHO is going to die?  Try making EVERYONE happy with a healthcare plan!  See if you can do any better!
Now they are literally dragging people from their wheelchairs. This country is disgraceful.
Removing people from wheelchairs is against the law- it's assault..
Are there republicans who will vote "no" to this bill?  The list of reps who vote "yes" should be published loudly on billboards 
not all Americans will put up with more corruption of hired politicians . Time to leave this country before implosion and revolution.
Democrats broke our healthcare and the Republicans are trying to fix it, so help or get the F**k out of the way. Healthcare is NOT a right
People in need interfere with their self-wealth enrichment plan.
Hi how can they be aloud to do such a horrible things to us I am on Social Security 784.00 a month I just got medicaid I have Epilepsy
They are MONSTERS. Plain and simple. Fucking MONSTERS!
cbc turned down a meeting w/ President.  you have no say any longer.
This pretty much confirms that your Government doesn't give a Sh*t about it's people.
I think it is clear the Senate GOP has no damn shame left, just contempt for their fellow citizens and callous disregard for human life.
Is this really a surprise
"We have to pass the bill to find out what's in it " -Nancy Pelosi
But that is "who the are working for, the 'true' Americans"....so much hypocrisy coming from them. #Booker2020
It's not full repeal
And they turned their fronts directly to those who pay them the most in #bribes and kickbacks. #corrupt #trumpcare #complicit #resist
That is exactly right!
#healthcare as a right.
This I'll hardly repeals obamacare you should be applauding this bill! Instead u will just say no to anything- I don't like this bill cause
Ok-I don't like this bill b/c if I lose my insurance I will be uninsurable and will likely die sooner.
