To all the panini pressed conservatives and @realDonaldTrump ;
Ask any native american how well the government keeps its bargains
#DACA #Trump #conservative #republican #Heartless
 #TheResistance #TrumpRacist #UniteBlue #VoteGOPOut #ImpeachTrump
I hate that phrase "taking our jobs" it is mostly said by people who won't work the jobs they're talking about because it's beneath them
Yet, Senator Cory Booker refused 2 acknowledge my ltr abt Rutgers University violating my disability rights, in wh thy forced me 2 giv up
You know Dreamers can't vote, right?
DACA needs to go, just as all illegal aliens need to leave the US - no matter where they are from.
It really is that simple.
& If some feel the need to spread blatant lies about #DACA recipients,then what's really behind their disapproval?
Isn't it tragic that in 2017 the US has a white supremacist for Attorney General?
my hard-earned grad schl spot 2 an undeserving rejected applicant.
I see people like Cory Booker, Kamala Harris and Joe Kennedy III and I'm encouraged about our future.
Not one of them has a chance at beating Trump simply because they, along with the DNC, has no message....
Aww, Ken of the no followers who just created his account a couple months ago, welcome to the bot blockage.
Good try Booker.Try pedaling your LIES to American Citizens.We know the TRUTH.That includes all Races of Citizens!We will not be Lied too
This Senator needs to be on the ballot in '20
Yes, so he can get ass kicked by Trump!
Booker is a clown - he once said on the senate floor that he drove from New Jersey to Hawaii lol
Congress failed them and then Trump just sealed the deal... But all is not lost just yet. Praying
Did you watch the video? He never said citizenship, he said legal. 2nd those weren't immigrants, those were white dogooders! I agree on 3!
We decide an individual's value or worth based on what they have to offer.  If they bring nothing to the table, they aren't very valuable.
Mr. Booker hs time 2 bask in the sunlight n bring attention 2 himself by defending undocumented immigrants who cnt spk the English language
Ok, but #DACA ppl can claim #EITC tax credit to get back far more $ than they pay in income taxes. To me, that does sound like welfare.
It is! Free money!
Welcome to politics. If you think you would do better, you would never keep your job. You would be pushed into a corner and forced out.
This is very informational Thank you for sharing. This is why a change in legislation should've followed that executive order...
Amnesty is still illegal no matter how you spin it....
Tell him, Cory!
Jeff Sessions is a... 
Same old BS !!!!!!!
So the only 'legal' status is citizenship ??  Sell some more crap.
@jeffsessions: such a liar. He's going to burn in hell for all the lies he spreads & hate in his heart. #resist #DACA #DreamAct #NeverTrump
who r disabled, born in the United States, n r heavily penalized by universities tht we graduated frm (despite following the law).
n r able 2 pursue n graduate wth graduate degrees, n lead successful lives. On the other hand, he continues 2 disregard ppl lke me
hey corey booker where is all the money facebook donated to newark. why ddi you take 300k from big pharma to quash importing cheap perscrip
Brilliant riposte. What sins did we commit to land up with an antediluvian prehistoric creep like Sessions as punishment :-(
Sessions is a liar in the vein of 45
The people that is on welfare is mostly Americans.
Then the Senate should do something about it not an executive order... Make it permanent... Not something on a whim... Make laws follow lawa
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/acts-of-faith/wp/2017/09/11/pope-francis-if-trump-is-pro-life-he-should-extend-daca/ …
What is the bill number of the legislation YOU submitted which would allow DACAs to stay regardless of President.
Fast track legislation that bestows US citizenship upon DACA Dreamers. They're already Americans.
Trump and Sessions are just liars...all the time...
This video is needs to get out nationally to guys like the pizza gate guy who said he didn't have good intel.  Spread the word around!
They can say bye bye in multiple languages
Tip for anyone planning on sneaking into the US: pop a baby immediately to seal the deal.
And yet they will still deny this.
Keep fighting for the legalization  of DACA or some compromise/extension! PLEASE!
Are they illegally in a soverign nation?...What is there more to say...do your job for American citizens not foreign nationals @CoryBooker
Daca deserve continue there dreams 
#hashtagyourEGOisnotourPROBLEM
#saveournation
TUSA: The United States of All. WE are ALL dreamers, support #DACA,#usayoucan.  "Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere."-MLK
14 Things the Mainstream Media Won’t Tell You About DACA  http://truthuncensored.net/list-14-things-mainstream-media-wont-tell-daca/ …  via @truthuncensore
Thank you for standing up
Legalize DACA within the framework of reforming our immigration laws and their enforcement.Just do it and stop the photo ops.
Thank you for this. It's the second best video about what being American *IS*. Number one is still John Cena's video from a few years ago.
Its illegal!!!
So was Harriet Tubman.
Think college applications..so many deserving applicants..so few slots ..does break the law choose..falsify the SAT?
If we condone illegal without some reasonable sanction ..what message Re we sending to Muslim's who are desperate
Include parents, employers accountability into the picture ..and those desperate individuals that need asylum legally?
DACA is so important. These children had no choice. They should not be sent back to places that they have not lived in since they were kids.
Obama said temporary you where to do your job. So stop crying and do your job
Majority are of legal age, why have they not applied but continue to live as illegals
Senator Cory Booker is a lier , he has no idea what he is taking about! Another liberal loser!
Thanks to you Senator
Where is your concern for the underemployed African Americans who have Dreams too?  Don't they deserve those jobs as legal citizens?
Does @CoryBooker Cory ever get tired of lying? Does he ever get tired of counting on his base to be ignorant of the facts?
You mean you're debunking their propaganda strategy using logic and real data. 
Your a dope! Spewing your left wing talking points 
My comments regarding DACA is against a "system" that allowed this to happen plug holes take away easy expectations of citizenship
So who do we complain to when: Lost a job because Spanish speakers on first day said wanted Hispanic trainer! N Calif Spanish speaking 1st
Trump Administration lying again to push their own agency. USA please educate yourself. SAD!! @POTUS @jeffsessions @realDonaldTrump @GOP
Well maybe true! But Calif DACA & all illegals get hired first because all job + gov "Spanish speaking preferred" on app! No denied services
I'm a US Citizen & I speak several languages, including Spanish. Speaking Spanish doesn't equate to being an illegal immigrant.
Thanks for the truth. It is a shame that you had to repeat the facts but so much misinformation is out there it must be done.
Sessions is a sneaky little liar
Good job exposing their ignorance! Glad to see the WH personnel not doing proper research, ever, and again, and again....
This isn't abt researchers is abt blatantly lieying 2 drum up  support from his base racist ignorant bigots they don't want 2 know truths
Big Pharma Phony Booker
#CorytheCorruptOne
Dreamers are schemers. Dream on but do it legally please. Thanks
