Hmm. It's almost as if they were sent to a bad place for some kind of punishment...
I get your point but inmates are still human beings & should receive basic human rights. Not freedom, but basic human rights.
And I'm not saying they should be treated less than human, or inhumanely, just don't believe they should get any better than bare bones
For menstruating women, a pad is "bare bones." I can understand the argument for pads only, no tampons... but pads are essential for women.
I know little on subject, but I've heard that pads are, in many cases, preferred.  Don't mistake my glib comment for lack of caring.
I just feel that the prisons/jails have far too many amenities, i.e. Workout equipment, ballfields.. things like that. Prison is punishment
I understand that and agree to an extent. I just think pads/sanitary napkins should be considered basic care & thus provided.
That I can agree with.
They get treated better than men. Plus, they're in prison for a reason, it's not meant to be a country club. SMH
Did you know that this bill would also ban the shackling of pregnant women? Or do you support that as well?
I don't think so, but it would depend of they were dealing with a violent, unstable person
A Milwaukee County Jail's policy was to shackle inmates during hospitalization no matter the reason. Women forced to give birth in chains.
That's not safe for the laboring mother or the baby during delivery. Especially if complications arise suddenly. A ban against it for
pregnant women is necessary (in my opinion.) Link to story:
More stories from other states mentioned in this article:
Why? They aren't free for me, a law-abiding citizen. I agree with you on most issues but I disagree on this one.
When prison guards ignore or refuse requests from inmates for pads, I think something should be done. They're in prison, receiving their
punishment or awaiting arraignment/trial (not yet found guilty.) It won't kill us to require fed prisons to provide pads for women.
Good point.
Who actually thinks BLOOD contaminated with hep C, Aids, etc etc should be flowing freely like caveman times?Yall need to check yourself
Hell, I didn't even think about STD's when making my point or reading the article. But it's like... one of the most important points.
People forget Aids,HepC,tape/hookworms,lice/bedbug infected criminals go home to innocent family&kids then those kids go2 school w/ UR kids
And people think this type of antiquated sexism is reserved to just the Victorian Era...
This is great, but teens in our country also go without.
What it's like to be a teen who can't afford tampons.
Thanks. #humanity #dignity
Again the left wants free everything, even if ur a criminal. Privately ran prisons which grew in popularity under #Clinton don't think so!
They make almost nothing and nothing before sentencing. Having them pay when men don't need to set aside $ for a basic need is unfair
I agree, keep pressing the issue.
On behalf of my clients & incarcerated women across our nation, thank you for this very important bill!  Civilized nations act with dignity.
Prisoners in general aren't afforded basic human needs. We need to do more for prisoners, they aren't just animals to be cast aside.
Prisons are not country clubs they are suppose to be a deterrent, BTW they are afforded more rights then the average working class American.
Did you read the article to see that this bill also bans the shackling of pregnant women? Or do you support that too?
Depends on the crime, being shackled does not harm the baby, maybe pregnant women should care more about fetus then criminal activities.
Your a sell out Cory. Far from those heady days in Newark. Your the problem with the Democratic Party
You're*
Why is wanting basic needs, not to mention cleanliness and health, to be met a problem for You? Women bleeding all over is inhumane.
I disagree. They need to work for the money in prison to pay for there needs. A women not locked up would have to buy why not prisoners
The bill would ban shackling pregnant women as well. Do you disagree with that too?
Also, read the article. Mentions a woman from last yr who went to court for arraignment, on her period, guard refused to give her a pad.
Has nothing to do with inmates working for their items or not. Has to do with them being withheld from inmates in abuse of power & more.
Neither are men.
@HillaryClinton may come to appreciate your work for women in prison.
The for-profit prison must GO!  The State has no right to inflict punishment beyond confinement. Basic human rights!!!
I  don't care to use my taxes to pay for anything for criminals.
You're currently paying for Trump's vacation. And all his other golf vacations since January. You're obviously ok with it.
TRUMP IS WORKING.   I WILL SUPPORT PEOPLE TRYING TO IMPROVE AMERICA, NOT DESTROY IT LIKE DEMONCRATS.
 ... If non jailed women have to pay for theirs WHY  would jailed women get it for free? Perhaps you mean theshould be equitably less ?
They make almost nothing and nothing before sentencing. Having them pay when men don't need to set aside $ for a basic need is unfair
What are we going to provide for our brothers who are in prison....what about their needs?? Otherwise, I agree taking care of our sisters!
What basic human need isn't provided for men? Equality means every one gets their needs met and no group is left behind. This is inhumane.
Omg-they continually back the lawless while doing absolutely NOTHING for the law abiding, hard working Americans. THAT sums up the Dem Party
They do both. It's possible to focus on needs of many.
Prison shouldn't be torture They want to ensure humane treatment.Why do you disagree?
More important, NK first then failed ObamaCare. Put more important things first.
First of all nothing is free and it shouldn't be. Women who aren't criminals have to pay for them so why should criminals. Secondly this
They make almost nothing and nothing before sentencing. Having them pay when men don't need to set aside $ for a basic need is unfair
Its prison not a country club
Pay for it with your money--not taxpayers
I am a dem but when you break the law and land doing time it's not supposed to be a vac. the only thing you need is 3hot and a cot
ITS A FREAKIN PRISON! YOU ARE THERE TO BE PUNISHED NOT PAMPERED!!
help women across the US to have tax free sanitary products!
Prison should be punishment not a free ride
Tampon/pad help good...Motherless children help even better.  Stop mass incarceration.
Tampons are linked to toxic shock syndrome, sanitary napkins are not.  Duh
If you don't change it yeah but most women know and if not can be educated. Pads are bulky dirty and smelly. Duh
Some women r aleguc 2 pads
Good they're in prison for a reason...to hell with them
I assume that you'll be volunteering to do their laundry then? Plus the guys' when you make them pay for toilet paper.
Let them buy their own
How do you propose they do that? They aren't all long termers, so they don't have jobs while awaiting trial.
I'd go for funding pads but not tampons. Not all can use them but everyone can use pads.
Not true. I could go into gory details of what cheap pads do to my junk
When I wrote "everyone" I didn't even think about those with allergies. I should have said "most" & I guess it could be a choice.
They should have a choice instead of charging who knows what for feminine hygiene products for those who can pay. This isn't a luxury.
Yeah bads are a horror story for many. Tampons aren't a luxury or even more costly, just another option. Both should be provided at no cost.
Thank you both.
Can you please include diva cups? One cup can last years, is better for your PH and can be worn without fear of TSS.
Thank you!
Are you kidding me?! OMG! We is American society obsessed with revenge and punishment?! We are surely living in an historic dark ages.
#precondition bull shit
You mean like tampons and going to the bathroom?
Petichia good prices on drugs and pharmaceuticals unlike the rest of us
You mean people that committed crimes want more in custody?
I agree.  In a prison systems men and women, hygiene supplies should be free. It promotes healthy and clean environment.
Thank you
This is real life and not comedy/drama TV show.
How about this. Why don't they not get themselves in prison to begin with. Can you please use your time to educated and train and help?

Men/women were/are a correlation nature only as value together perfectly, and/or this demonstrated wrong.  See Native plights.
Sandy Hook/New Town prison was/is with doctors/police/staff/courts's recorded with online/campus/area crime covers tied databases/evidences
Wait tampons aren't free for women in jail??????? I'm gonna start mailing tampons to those poor women
You two work well together. Looks like a winning ticket to me.
Show some dignity, stay out of prison
#supportthedignityact
There not afforded basic human needs? What bullshit are you trying to get to fly now? A few examples of women embarrassed by neglect people.
Democrats finally proposed somthing I can support! 
Already making positive changes! BOP published a new policy statement to provide tampons and pads at no cost: https://www.bop.gov/policy/om/001_2017.pdf …
Thanks to you both for your strength in doing what is right!
Least favorite thing is all the men opining on how tampons are luxury items.
I appreciate that tampons should be free and all but trump is trying to start a nuclear war. He is antagonizing and threatening n. Korea
What's wrong with a sanitary napkin
haven't read your stance on crime victims...enlighten me...
Let them use toilet paper, that's what they deserve

Does senator Pocahontas Warren remind you of a creepy aunt?
While you're at it, prohibit shackles and other restraints during childbirth.
Maybe if they didnt commit the crimes these problems would not have surfaced for them
Is Booker getting money from feminine hygiene companies in addition to Big Pharma?

Just here checking for the Berners draggin'
Is this act out of pocket cost from taxpayers?? Cause we can't even fund schools in a better way but free food and supplies for prisoners???
@CoryBooker Not all of are kids get free food at school. Some have to pay out of pocket but yet people in jail and in prison get free food??
Let's get it done. This is unreal and we need to provide for women. Thank you @SenWarren & Cory
Might want to look into the practices of Sheriff Clarke in Wisconsin.
Thank you for sponsoring the Dignity Act. Such a basic need, it's crazy that it needs to be spelled out.
Notice most nasty negative comments come from men. If men for their periods, this wouldn't even be an issue.
Then buy them for the inmates Pocohan.... Warren. If you commit a crime you're not supposed to have it easy.
How sad.
Never thought women were being treated so inhumanly in prisons How sad of our system that this is going on . Not given hygiene  items really
My daughter went to jail awaiting sentencing. They released her at 5 am with no shoes or underwear. She was given a man's shirt and shorts.
That's great..free phone calls would be nice too.
PLease work to get trump the hell out of WH NOW!! U and your fellow senators work for us! He is dangerous & insane!
What kind of dignity you can talk about?  I didn't have water #tampons what are you talking about! #Sarajevo#Bosnia
They should think about it before they committed a crime! Iwas#Sarajevoduring thewar #Clinton's campaign#notampons
Such a disgrace!  Under this AG, the DOJ has become an vile oppressor of Americans' rights!
Can't believe this is not standard issue.
I agree basic human needs should be met so now let's focus on the helping victims not criminals! No sanctuary cities would be a good start!
Why are we obsessing over a movie genre? Let's fix the VA 1st
take away their cable tv so they can have those tampons! no more luxuries just necessities, they are being punished for crimes no rewards
Well, I most ask the following quest(1) what prisons are we referring to:fed, state, local(2) basic hum nds??? Some pri gve more than enuff.
So what basic human needs are they not getting?
I wish you would worry about something else then prisoners, so many of your tweets are about prisoners.

to all you ignorant men, tampons are the same as toilet paper
Rights? You're in prison, you shouldn't have special treatment. You should work for your sanitary needs. Your not at the Hilton
She should be in prison with your mother, and many more. Cory you will NEVER be our president. You have to much hate.
THen get organize and do it-republicans are destroying us at HOME and abroad. PLease--help us away from the EVIL people GOP. They love WARs
Forgot tampons. Save money, the environment and women's health by providing the Diva Cup. Perfect solution!
Tampons are linked to toxic shock syndrome.
I admire this cause and agree. Can we get them free for college students too?
When ppl go to prison, it's not supposed 2B as comfortable as home. Prison is punishment not a resort vacation. No sympathy for criminals!
That is what commissary is for
Does that mean there is going to be a new line item on my paycheck stub called "granny rag fund"?
Thank you Senators for realizing how important of an issue this is.
Cable TV is not a basic human need.  Cancel those subscriptions and use the savings to provide the basic human needs you mention.
All of a sudden you are womens best friend? What changed your last 8 year track record?
That should nail down the female prison vote. Not sure how that re-captures white working class voters though
I just read of @SenKamalaHarris' efforts for prison reform.

I hope, as a prosecutor. She supports your Federal Cannabis Reform Bill.
I cringe to even imagine what is in this Dignity Act.  Guess we have to pass it, to see what's in it. Oh, the magnificance of the fed govt
"I was in prison and ye visited Me...." They're put there AS punishment, not FOR punishment. This must stop.
It's prison, not club med!!
So pads and tampons are "club med" level amenities? Do you consider the same of toilet paper? What about food?
Glad Warren has something to do. Menstrual Patrol.
 I like that

They should also get their nails and hair done and a salary . Don't commit the crime.
Bc they're profiting from privatization! This is what racist Sessions want!
^^^^^5
As a woman and as a nurse, I find this a reprehensible way to treat humans.  Thank you for shining a much needed light.
Don't do the crime if you can't do the time.
like...sex...drugs...rock & roll...
We NEED prison system reform.
Like NOW
I couldn't agree with you more.
Women in prison are there because they are criminals!   Before Kotex women got by just fine so can they.
please run for POTUS!!
Don't break the law, you won't have this problem.
They shouldn't put their selves in that situation
This is honestly the dumbest thing I have seen in a while.  They are in prison and now I need to pay when they have a period? #keepitupdems
Their IN Prison you nut!

They have no rights!
Wow! I can't believe you're fighting for sanitary napkins and tampons.  That's your priority.  Thank God you're not my President.
Lady, you should thank whatever god you worship that there are people who have basic human decency because you sure as hell don't.
Ok tampon girl.  Lol BYE
Perhaps you can garnish some congressional support for reparations to African Americans,for U.S. government crimes against humanity's Act!?!
It's not a hotel-they are criminals. The military lives under tougher conditions without such consideration and they've done nothing wrong!
Maybe they shouldn't be in prison!
They aren't free? That's messed up
it's prison idiots, not the Ritz.  They can earn $ to pay.  Booker/Poco u are both so clouded
And it is even more tragic for women in jail awaiting trial.
It is ridiculous that we have to legislate #humandignity. Keep fighting for the dignity of so many women.
Use toilet paper.
Good Idea, need to get things in order for Hillary, DWS & Loretta , before they move in ! Excellent thinking !
People are in Prison for a Reason!! NO dignity in That!! IDiots
So men have to buy toilet paper, right? Right?
I was wondering that too
Not in total support of this idea. Criminals have no dignity for society so we why should we offer them dignity? This act won't work. Sorry.
Healthcare, remember us.It's the American people terrified rates will go up yet again. Help us God dammit help us the people.#MedicareForAll
Oh good Lord.
They do provide other things for feminine needs . Tampons are a choice not a necessity
While republicans are being cruel to our elders Democrats are looking out for the least of us. Pay attention America
Appreciate  recognition focused on prison reform. I urge you to work along with @KamalaHarris and other bipartisan senators to bring change
Pay for it with your money if you believe in it
They get a roof over there head medical dental 3 hot meals a day thats good enough for prison most people on the outside don't get that
Ok but now who buys the toothpaste and shampoo, soap?
trying to quickly change things up in the system so your mom has a better time?
There is story about a Ca. prison guard who would not allow RN into cell, a man hung there 8 hours.. :(
Excellent bill what a wonderful thoughtful bill for those women who are in prison.
Why don't you worry about law abiding citizens first typical Democrats worried about criminals more than America citizens
Future president and vice-president right here!  I'll leave it to you, two, to work out which is which.
CJ needs alot of work, helping people to feel they're still human even if they're in prison is definitely a step in the right direction.
Free tampons has nothing to do with human rights jerk off. They have pads.
Read the article
lol I don't know what else to say but lol  senators for tampons.... fight the good fight senator
Seriously, this is what your working on?
AT SOME POINT, WE NEED TO  STOP REWARDING BAD BEHAVIOR. I WORK TOO HARD AND I STILL HAVE TO PAY FOR MY PERSONALS AND THEY SHOULD TOO.
AGAIN, THEY SHOULD BE FREE FOR WOMEN WHO MANAGED NOT TO BREAK THE LAW AND GO TO PRISON @CoryBooker @SenWarren WTF?
If somebody is in prison life shouldn't be made easier... its supposed to be punishment.
Good slice of these comments are awful. Why do people take gender and race, then strip out dignity and modern necessities? Human beings ppl!
Thank you. This is a basic need for all women prisoners. They should not have to work for their pads. Its inhumane and unsanitary.
They get pads free not tampons
Read the article
How about dignity to be a good human being? Would be better than govt leash
they are in prison, not at a social club
Kotex not tampons
This goes under cruel & unusual punishment. Is toilet paper in the budget? Would be health risk 2. GOP hates icky women & ignorant of bio.
They have pads free
Start filling it KILLARY & SWAMPY waters,and Warren oh yes also PIGLOSI and I'm sure there's a few on the R. and Chelsea.il kick in for it
This needs to change NOW.
my favorite senators wow
Oh but they are! Not sure where you and the other Clinton get your ideas. I'd say take all but the air they breath away !
For a moment there I thought you guys were discussing #OITNB last season.
Who can believe tampons are not already free?!! WTF?
OMG another social issue to dump money into the pockets of crooks like politicians and jailed criminals
Warren Booker 2020 or Booker Warren 2020? Decisions, decisions...
Stay out of prison ... look a solution
Thank you @ChelseaClinton for sharing this essay cowritten by @aprisondiary and @jweisswolf and for being a champion for #menstrualequity
This is great, now how about doing something like saving the whole nation/world from bullshit & the lying embarrassment that is tRump? Yes?
Do they work? Do they earn money or privileges that can pay for these? Nothing should be free
Thank you! It's unfortunate and very telling that such a thing as this should require an act of Congress!
Free tampons for murderers and drug dealers while women in Armed Forces pay for their own tampons?! Ha! Not on President Trump's watch!
You weren't born with any empathy were you? You might want to try to think through your comment before you start to type.
Thank you! This should be a basic human right for women everywhere. Feminine hygiene products are necessities, not a luxury.
