How much are you getting paid to spread this insurance company propaganda?
You are  SOO WRONG!  I HAVE FRIENDS & FAMILY WHO CAN NOT AFFORD RISING OBAMACARE, YET THEY'RE FINED....HOW IS THIS RIGHT? KILL OBAMACARE NOW
My 11 yr old grandson has it hes on medicaid, they take it from him,he will get brain damage and all other health issues. TELL THEM THAT!!!!
Sounds good.  Where do i sign?
"Please everybody, listen to me. I need to add another wing to my mansion!"
Pku is a pre exsisting condition $4800 a month fir meds and formula willnit be paid for???
OBAMACARE IS FALL APART !   IT'S A FRAUD AND THEY ALL KNOW IT !
Obama people really are the worst
Tthey WONT fix it because it was OBAMA'S  idea . So my 11 yr grandson who has PKU WILL HAVE TO PAY $4800 A MONTH FOR HIS NEDS AND FORMULA
Pass with great haste.
I was just thinking, this Joseph Kennedy III, he must be President or the VP. Look at that man fight for our people.
He comes from a life of privilege, but like JFK, RFK and Teddy, he actually cares about us.
Can not believe anyone thinks this is a good idea besides the people in the pockets of the insurance, and drug companies.
WHOSE SUMMARY?  YOUR SUMMARY?  LOL PUT THE ACTUAL BILL UP SO PEOPLE CAN SEE THE REAL THING AND MAKE AN INFORMED DECISION.  DEMOCRATS = COMMUNISM - THAT IS THE DIRECTION IN WHICH YOU ARE GOING - SAD & PATHETIC.
can they add the new health bill to the tax bill?
LIE! Here is what the CBO said and didn't say. You crooks will tell your democrat constituents anything 4 a vote
All this anger on the left will be USELESS unless people will go vote. #GrabYourWallet #TakeTheKnee #BernieBroSuck
I’m nauseous.
this is easier to find your personal suffering from your favorite Republican torturer
One of your points I KNOW is incorrect. It does NOT end protection of pre existing conditions. Also, block grants are to be given to states.
Have you read this legislation? No. It is not available to read. Why would anyone advocate passing legislation before it has been reviewed?
Started with the Dems and the horrible bill later called Obamacare.  In which was a clause that Barry Sotoros would receive royalties.
You are talking crazy, Madam. I shall not respond to you further. You are mixing up all of your conspiracy theories.
Perhaps truth sounds crazy to you?
this shit hurt all of use
The End of the GOP Senate? @KarlRove @PaulBegala @NateSilver538
Isn't the 100% after 2026 completely disingenuous? It has to be reauthorized in 2026 and then the funding continues, no?
Lots of bills are setup to require additional approval. That doesn't mean they intend to cut funding in 10 years just how the process is
Important info @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenCapito @SenCoryGardner @senrobportman @JerryMoran .Pls do what you know is right & vote NO
Basic fact-based reason exposes the aim of such Marxist claptrap is to cloak the fact that one's incapable of defending his fascistic ideals
This bill is absolutely: unfair destructive to preventative care uncaring   They are playing "Cruel Miester" to all citizens but themselves
Kiss your healthcare goodbye if this shit passes.
MO GOV better than fed ; get it here fix for US Almost died n lost my house under Ocare ; BJC reg said claim u have no Ins better for U?no
these are all lies that we can prove.Every time a new bill comes out so do the lies by the democrats this shows how corrupt the democrat are
Would be a great opportunity for the taxpayers of Missouri to get some of their hard earned money back instead parasitic states get ours.
These are the groups for and against it; need to add @gop donors and Trump banana republic admin to "pro"

That’s what happens when ignorant GOP Senators don’t care about people they represent and just do what billionaire donors pay them to do.
thanks
you told the truth @JimmyKimmelLive @BillCassidy lied . He's a doctor with no allegiance to the Hippocratic Oath

Surcharges for pre-existing conditions..



@GovChristie... not in favor of the #GrahamCassidy Repeal w/ @NicolleDWallace. @SenateGOP @GovDems #ACA #MedicaidExpansion
It would be smart to update this, call out specific damage to women, veterans (being a vet is a PEC); maternity care not protected, abortion
.@ASlavitt For states that choose to keep protections on preexist cond, how could they deal with influx of sick from states that opt out?
Nobody with a job and insurance before ACA is better off now!!  Nobody!!
Scary and sad that this is what the GOP is trying to rush through the Senate.
Just Horrible!  Save ACA for The People!  It's OUR Money!  Shame on Sen Graham, Sen Cassidy & ALL Who Vote 4 this Garbage!
#trumpISNOTsmart
it's not bad to get away from centralize top down government control of our health care. It is very good.
Thank you
Under Graham-Cassidy, will members of Congress get their health ins. as federal employees or have to be covered in their respective States?
This is not accurate. Where is the link to the actual bill? 
I want to know if you are going to vote yes or no on this bill
And then......there are the state's VOUCHERS.
Spread far to any who have doubts that this bill is not horrendous.Must stop or millions again won’t have health insurance or affordable
@SenJohnMcCain 50 reasons to vote no!
The end is near for the desperate! 
OMG  this is terrible!!! I am left speechless
Not good .
@RepErikPaulsen Erik,still nothing from you, your voters are waiting for your stance on this bad bill
I met with Rep Paulsen last night - told me he didn't know enough about it & had no opinion.
Not surprised at all, Paulsen has no game at all
Disgusting.
All lies to protect bureaucrats & steal from doctors
Not true Mr. SLAVITT
Money being made by bureaucrats, IT companies, & lawyers. Must change to rid of wasteful practices.
Ok just for context. During the ACA process, any statement letters from the AMA, AARP, insurance companies, etc?
Thx Rand, I'll Retweet.. E.
Missouri gets to control it's own health care decisions and gets more federal money. That seams like a good deal.
This bill is worse than the others. AMA, BCBS, Cancer Society and others say "NO!"
Medicaid expansion is not sustainable for 
11 million "illegals" 

States may choose "expansion" 
Pre-existing conditions, no life caps.
@lisamurkowski I believe that you have enough integrity to look out for all Americans. We are the United States and all deserve the same.
Saw 1 thing and immediately knew then saw 4 more. No need to read more 
OMG is right.
Obama Care spiked premiums much higher than CBO estimated. We are supposed to believe CBO that a repeal would also spike them? #FullRepeal
KILL IT!!!

Let's go back to the poor surrendering their children to state run orphanages when they can't afford health care.  #MAGA
LOL tad melodramatic. No one was surrendering their children b4 Obamacare and won't be after. #MAGA
Makes me physically ill.

Weird that my children could die because one of our elected representatives was paid millions to kill their health coverage for profit.
If ACA is so great why is @RepJohnYarmuth exempt from using it?
I see nothing bad on this list.
that's a personal flaw

Please call all Senators to stop this madness once and for all! #healthcare
Read carefully.
@SenJohnMcCain @SenDeanHeller @lisamurkowski @SenCapito @SenatorCollins PLEASE vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
This summary is taken out of context- Do your own research -32 Million  NOT losing insurance
Tell peopleTRUTH MedicaidChip Medicare is costing tax payers for illegals births&hundreds issues brought here other Countries-surgery rehab
Left wants FREE everything for Illegals (aka DEM voters)& refugees able to work are currently on Medicaid MediCare Chip+free dental vision
Throw these creeps out of office. Their hatred for Americans is despicable
This is awful!!! Congress should be ashamed of themselves. They're setting the US back 20 years!!!!
Andy knows #wiunion #mapoli #GrahamCasiddy
JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
https://twitter.com/AKHLASS1/status/910678537396297728 …
Kill #GrahamCassidy before it kills my child and your family 2
#MedicareForAll
@SenKamalaHarris @RepAdamSchiff
@DrDenaGrayson
My daughter #Epilepsy #autism severely disabled meds 9k per month #MedicareForAll 
If this doesn't pass b/c they can't fix this piece of high priced garbage...WE CAN ALL SUE TRAITOR OBAMA
This is the worst repeal. Guess they saved the worst for last. Senator please show us a NO! Thanks!
Certainly no sane person would ever approve something so inhumane as this...WTF?
GOP!!!!! Can't even say anything at this point! Totally upset at having to once again tell these stupid men in the senate to not do this
If this passes I'm better off dead!
But FFS! I will go down fighting with the #Resistance
Don't just scare us. Do something.
Also the liberals idea of coverage being ended by 2026, is their same idea as the earth is going to implode in 10 years.
The way I see is that everyone should be able to actually afford health care with this plan, so they shouldn't need Medicaid.
@SenDeanHeller What were you thinking???
Well... START THINKING.... before Millions lose Health Care!!!
This is a freaking lie! Pre-existing conditions are not being taken off. Stop lying to your constituents sir
This is so awful!
Yeap. There it is. It was tied together with the pre existing   benefits. We are so screwed if this passes.
You're such a histrionic Nut Job
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal & Replace.
Pretty sure the people who "lose it" opt out of thr healthcare
Read it and weep, America.
#KeithEllison coward and a bastard for comparing #DACA to Jewish concentration camp victims
@keithellison This does not represent the truth but you know that don't you?
Those are the cons.  What are the pros?
Medicaid Fraud reduction!!! Get a job!
. It is better than OCare Doofus
i HOPE IT GETS RID OF OBAMA CARE, OBAMA CARE IS NOT CARE, ONLY IF YOUR AN ILLEGAL! CITIZENS CAN NOT AFFORD IT , I WANT MY INSURANCE BACK!
Obamacare: the myth of pre-existing conditions
Obama said pre consisting ppl would cost 13K. In 9 months they found out its 26K
lol you're a fool, aren't you already dying on Medicare
@marcorubio time to do the right thing.
Once again they want to take away our right to health care.
Your right it's bad we need full repeal no replace ! I'm one of the millions victimized by Obamacare
OMG. 
I would add that it's mandatory liberals get lobotomies, I'd happily pay for that
Liked it. Retweeted.  Am not tech savvy.  Didn't repost your statement.  Is that ok?
You must be a secret agent, maybe a double agent when Schumer and Pelosi continue to say they don't know what it is 
"Keep your Doctor, lower premiums" I just dropped the mic 
How can anyone doubt the GOP does not give a crap about people. All they care about is spreading lies & propaganda to stay in power! HORROR!
Basically they should just say “vote for this if you’re a rich asshole”
Yep-sock it to those disgusting females the white males knock up.   Let those shameful women pay themselves! Repub PIGS!!!
Making health care (not so) great again
Hog Wash !
This is fucking awful. Just awful.
Lol @ “only 50 vote” you had no problem when hey used that same metric to pass Obamacare
Koch brothers have promised hundreds of millions for 2018 election cycle, on one condition that #Obamacare repealed & tax “reform” is passed
Man that's horrible for Planned Parenthood. I screen paps for cancer from P.P. and found pre-cancerous atypia.  P.P. saves women's lives.
The Forgotten Americans are no longer forgotten, they were the first ones to be remembered to get screwed over by the GOP.
Imagine how much more resistance they would have had to repealing a Single Payer system.
Thank you.  I have been asking for this.
Call!!!!!!!!
Also, the bill eliminates penalties for large employers that fail to offer affordable insurance to workers.
@POTUS @Senate @Congress @GOP YOUR REPUBLICAN /Graham /Cassidy/ Trump Health Care Bill IS EVIL! HEARTLESS DEVASTATING TO PEOPLE WHO VOTE!
Amazing that @SenateGOP could steal insurance from millions of Americans just to line their own pockets.
#Deathcare
@Christina_Gibbz
We talk about everything else and complain about everything else. Let's talk about what really hurts us. Stand up and speak on it.
I am curious. With all this gutting and slashing, how is it that premiums spike by 20%?  Seems contradictory?
Subsidies = taxes.  For that purpose alone, I vote nay
I am for people paying for their own services. I assumed you don't support the bill, and me voting no, we agree it should not pass 
There needs to be more mandates for ALL insurance companies. if they're in ONE county in a state they're in the ALL. Stop giving them power
*Trumpcare violates doctors do no harm pledge* https://www.forbes.com/sites/brucejapsen/2017/09/19/ama-says-latest-trumpcare-bill-violates-doctors-do-no-harm-pledge/#66a200b9436a … @BillCassidy @SenJohnBarrasso @SecPriceMD Will u redeem yourselves?
@SenJohnMcCain  -- You read this?   Please say you're going to do the right thing (again).
Thank you for exposing this shameful display of disregard for human life and blatant, ugly greed.
Seems like for the last few GOP cycles about the only things they can produce for the citizens of the USA are WARS and constant
This Congress should have to have the exact healthcare that they vote on for everyone else.
great job on Fox News this am - hostile environment and you took the high road + better informed - keep up the good work
Yes, @GOP no smoke or mirrors here, just an appalling bill that will harm millions of good, hard-working Americans.

You lied to the father of an infant with a heart defect…about protecting infants with heart defects. Remember this?? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmWWoMcGmo0 …
We can't let @GOP senators approve a BAD bill just to save face. Millions will suffer. Call Congress: NO ON #GrahamCassidyMurderBill #Resist
@lisamurkowski - Please vote no.  Millions of us are counting on you to do the right thing.
Just when folks thought GOP Trumpcare couldn't fall deeper into the sewer of inhumanity & cruelty...they now have this. Ugh!!
And here is why @GOP doesn't care:
Why? Why the hell would Graham and Cassidy want to pass this? They will kill people! THIS BILL WILL KILL PEOPLE! Their fellow Americans!
And here I thought Lindsay Graham had a heart. This proves you can't trust any politician.
Apparently, this is a return to "regular order".
They just keep on going with this sh*t.  The American People do not want it.  WTHell is wrong with them.  They are working for us.
So @SenCoryGardner - STOP playing politics with your constituents lives and well-being - YOU WORK FOR Coloradans NOT THE KOCH Brothers!
GOP has to cut OBAMACARE to give HUGE TAX CUTS to wealthy...we get $300 and get to wash their limos http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/BBEiIdb?ocid=st … …
This is unbelievable...the harshness the total uncaring of these men who have nothing to lose but want us to go bankrupt. That's what it is.
How anyone w/ a soul can look at this & justify it is unfathomable ACA isn't perfect but this & every plan put forth by the GOP plain sucks!
@SenToddYoung @RepJimBanks Vote NO on GOPCare!
Looks good to me!
Thx
Might as well just shoot me now.
This version looks like Koch Bros took the last #trumpcare people killer &made it meaner!
Where is #Trump on this POS?
Better Cheaper 4 all?
So you put out this summary which Schumer was whining earlier wasn't even scored and want everyone to believe you after you ran Obamacare!
If there are any doubters left in the audience, it's hard to refute the black-and-white. This bill is DIABOLICAL! 
#Trumpkill
Call CBO & demand they work 24-7 2 release a score b4 the bill goes to a Senate vote!  I just called.  202-226-2602 #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins How can you do this to so many developmentally disabled people. We care for them and need resources not cuts.
If youre reading andys tweet, read further into what each line item is and how these figures are actually achieved. Just like you budget for
..your own house. Dont believe talking point andys sheet. Research just a tad please.
