And #ObamaCare is doing great wonders for the American people?
I have two friends who are alive because of it, so ... yes. For some, it is indeed doing great wonders.
what about the millions who can't afford premiums and deductibles? none of their doctors are in the plan... how many of them died?
The new bill doesn't offer lower prem/deduct for same level of care. It's less money for less guaranteed care. Doesn't solve the problem.
It appears the only thing that will be done now is repeal, maybe the republicans & democrats will get their acts together & help Americans
I remain forever hopeful.
Me too!  It was nice having a civil discussion with you, there are so many who want to argue because of difference of opinions.  God Bless.
repeal with a 2 year cushion then maybe enough dems will get on board. Include tort reform,  insurance across state lines etc
 So, 8yrs complaining abt #ObamaCare, #Republicans can't get their OWN sick #HealthcareBill passed  Oh, the irony. #Trumpcare. BAD! #ACA
Make no mistake OCare is imploding and that's no joke. If we don't insist on affordable solutions  the joke will be on all of us very soon.
And how, exactly, is #ACA imploding? Republicans control house AND Pres & still can't pass bill to prevent 22mil ppl from losing insurance!
That's how.
I empathize with your friend but you didn't answer my question. Do you realize 22 MILLION ppl would lose coverage under #Trumpcare???
Pls don't cite cbo they have been way off in healthcare estimates
1.Paul Ryan previously praised CBO's nonpartisan report 2.Trump called House bill “mean”; so, how many ppl losing coverage is ok for you?
...and you STILL never answered my initial question abt it imploding lol please stay focused & answer that as well. Thanks!
Thank you so much for all your work protecting the most vulnerable in our society.  Your tireless fight is a blessing to many!
Wrong. That was a non binding resolution that would have changed nothing if passed. I wrote legislation to import: https://www.google.com/amp/amp.nj.com/v1/articles/20234515/when_cory_booker_joined_bernie_sanders.amp …
Hey Senator, do you expect the importation amendment to get a vote during the upcoming FDA User Fee Reauthorization bill?
If we want cheaper prices why dont we regulate the same way CA does? Literally importing drugs seems like a runaround not a root cause solve
importing drugs gets republican votes, drug price negotiation doesnt. thats why first can pass now
GOP won't like it b/c pharma lobby is against the regs, but they also don't support importing...IMO might as well fight for good policy
both are good policies. actually significant number of GOP support importation
I don't like Romney..... I mean TRUMP care and neither does TRUMP. When Obama care fails it's on the demonkkrats. Not Trump, we tried though
It should be called #wealthcare because all it does is cut Medicaid by billions in order to fund a tax cut for the wealthy.
True! Now can't wait to hear specifics of what Dems are for; folks already know what we're running against. #2028 #tick tock
Thank you, sir!
Corey Booker what do you do besides criticize? What do you get paid for?
Don't interrupt...he's grooming and positioning to be the next Dem leader. Honing obstruction and protesting skills. Very disappointing.
Always gonna blame democrats. Lololol...
J Campbell. I absolutely am blaming Republicans today. Equal disgust for a Congress & Senate who do not put  1st
Agree!!!! Well said.
Run For President in 2020
Keep up the good work Corey Booker... next time YOU RUN FOR POTUS...I'll vote for you!
And obamacare is how we got to this castrophe
The GOP needs to work with Dems to fix the ACA. Just fix it.
We think it's logical we can't buy auto ins after the fact for accident we already had but AHCA allows it for illnesses. Unrealistic.
Thank God for your leadership
@CoryBooker you r one of the senators making millions off Big Pharma i work n the medical fields these damn pharmaceuticals r breaking us
Where is the "right" in Obamacare? Insurers are fleeing because they are losing money. How has this helped the people. Pls explain?
Bye Cory. SMDH.
Can we have single payer now
primary coming up. they think their jobs are secure.
Ur Health means allot. Protecting things that mean alot can cost allot. That's why we deserve 2 choose if we want #Healthcare. #Insurance
I lost mine because of ACA  insurers are leaving and creating a high cost monopoly.
It's horrible. I just heard they failed in getting the votes. We are stuck w/ #ObummerCare
we know it's not on @POTUS ..this stalling is getting pathetic.
I don't blame @realDonaldTrump at all for this. I blame #PaulRyan & the rest of the Republican party. But TRUMP can't do this alone.
No he can't. There are a few that support his entire agenda and his policies but the others want to control him
They claimed he wasn't capable of being #POTUS bc HE didn't know how 2 govern? We now know who doesn't know how 2 govern. #DrainTheSwamp
Keep going against it till they get it right and do what's best for the citizens.
Prepare for Debt 4 Nature after your state budgets collapse under the cost of a sick society on the dole.
Please thank the 4 Republican senators with common sense! They deserve that.
Seen Mike Lee who Use to carry Seen Ted Cruz Luggage and water ! Now wants PPL who Breathe air ToBelieve ThatLee could give a Shit aboutThem
Trumpcare was a tax cut bill for the rich, but Obamacare was corporate welfare for Health Insurance industry. #MedicareForAll or #DemExit
Um, I heard that some Republicans thought it didn't cut deep enough. So....?
Make no mistake - Sen. Lee is saying he isn't voting for this bill because it isn't mean enough... Don't count him as one who cares.
Your a blessing to the world Senator
power of the people this gov is we the people
@Ron_Ebest 
Really?
Because Lee & Moran said they'd vote against R bill ... because it wasn't cruel ENOUGH!
Right wing perfidy was exposed to the light
America is finally waking up and finding out that trumpcare is a complete failure.
No it's not! It's because thankfully my strong Conservative Senators showed some spine.
@CoryBooker. You're ready to throw your full support behind Medicare for All now, right? And renounce ties to big pharma money?
good we need a full repeal of #ObamaCare
No. it's because 2 ultra conservatives didn't think the bill goes far enough and want repeal. Read.
Now do something to fix the unsustainable ACA.
Thanks for fighting the good fight. I know we're out of the woods, but it feels like real democracy for once.
It's one of my life goals to see Senator Lee continue to fail in his agenda to enrich himself, and fail badly.
The Republicans were trying to fix it before it destroyed us. But, uneducated people in America don't see what Obamacare is doing yet
Letting Obamacare kill itself and others is the only way for blind Americans to see the destructive design of the ACA.
Todays HEALTHCARE = REPAIR minus Repeal  minus Replace  !
time for full repeal then start over.  It'll force you and everyone in the Senate to start working. it goes through reconciliation
Thanks for this. However, you need to stop taking money from big pharma.
Important!-= this is actually an even more dangerous time for ACA. IF repealed alone, pressure on Ds & Rs to pass ANYTHING w/in 2yrs= huge.
I don't think mod Rs will vote for this, but if somehow does happen, there will be horrendous consequences. We must fight HARDER than ever.
Thank you for standing with us!!!! ♡ :)
The freeloading squeaky wheel always getting the taxpayer buck. Politicians buying votes with others money that's the Dems motto
To some on here.if they repealed it, they have NO answer. Instead of being mad, you should have forced them to work w/ Dems a long time ago!
The sad thing is there were at least 48 other lambs willing to pass it. I don't think McCain would vote for it. 
Still dangerous mindset!!
And yet we couldn't reach Senators who follow party line, don't worry about re election and want big donors happy..right @marcorubio
#OurNationalEmbarrassment  everything trumpy dumpty does is a failure.
Amen. #StayWoke #StayUnited #Indivisible #CountryOverParty
Humana pulling out of Obamacare in Mo Jan 1. Where do people turn? Any time for suggestions or solutions between your protests?
GOP only succeeded in exposing how corrupt, vicious, spiteful & greedy they are, not caring one bit about American families or who gets hurt
What has plan parenthood paying you
Let's hope this is the beginning of a bipartisan effort to do what is right for the American people.
And the fear of losing in 2018...
Keep Fighting!
And because you did. Thank you. Like, so much. Thanks for fighting for my family.

Let's look at the failure of Obama care. My father has Obama care went to doc 3 pills. 300 dollars. He is disabled and lives alone. How sad.
If he's disabled, then he should be covered under medicare/medicaid and not be paying anywhere near that amount. My Part D scrips are $1/ea
He has had at least 3 leg surgeries and I saw him give the lady 3 big bills. He got some back but.
Is he on medicare/medicaid? Disability is a pain in the arse at the best of times.
I don't believe so. He says that he has the obama care. He gets barely enough for disability.
Trumpcare may be Trump's signature failure although impeachment will likely be his biggest.
Ha! So now you get repeal. Happy?
Donot let Americans who finaly have health care lose it Sen. Booker

And we're gonna keep talking to knock out Mitch's 'root & branch' 'repeal now, replace never' for good.
... and because the only acceptable solution is full Repeal
Cool...I love the fact you're willing to fall on your sword over obummercare...also that you're party is pure obstructionist great for us...
Since all of the Republicans won't get in line it's somehow Democrats who are responsible for the failure of Trumpcare? Well, GO DEMOCRATS!
If we all speak out against politicians bring in Big Pharma's backpocket, do you think that will stop it in the future?
ACA is good? Lmao
ACA is killing working citizens
#Chumpcare
We will not stop
YAASSSSSS
Just repeal Obamacare.
Or let it self destruct.
You obstructuonist  democratsand republicans make me vomit.
useless politician deep throats.
These men, did the right thing! They have a conscious! And know the out come of this bill, and what it will do to people on it!!
it's very sad
BECAUSE WE REALLY NEED A HEALTHCARE OVERHAUL
- single payer (NOW)
America is awesome
Wasn't there a GOP senator dinner at WH tonight. Any word on what went down? Btw, keep up the fight!
They are babysitting each other with their finger in their noses and their thump up their butts
As a retired military vet, I know how to work in the trenches.
but unless those same people vote the GOP out in 2018 #Trumpcare will return...
Thank you so much for all your hard work against this cruel bill.
no mistake it's the people that are suffering while none of you work together for the people
Still We Rise!
POTUS 2020!!!!!!!!
As President Obama said, We citizens need w stand up & act.  Don't forget. HRC won popular vote by 3m. 70% disapprove dt. That's majority.
I'm in complete agreement with you Sen. Booker.  We will triumphantly defeat Trumpcare
We must all keep speaking out.  We need you and the other Senators to continue to fight for us, Senator Booker.
There is no possible way for me to  this tweet enough. I will  this tweet until I die. #gratefulthisdamnthingfailed #whew
Good glad to help
Yep love that site called kill the bill
Why Dems are not making more noise? Lots of things happening and we do not hear much from any of you! Where's the FIRE?  I miss Anthony W.
no, it's because the #Republicans don't follow policies in blind unison like #Democrats ,to a fault sometimes
Thank you for standing for those whose reps lacked courage.
Shit, Trump called it mean. As did Obama.
Defecting with the common sense of not wanting to ride over the cliff in clown car just b/c they were in it. May they sleep well tonite.
Kudos to you @ChrisMurphyCT @brianschatz for helping lead the charge now let's take the ball and really lead some great change

WE THE PEOPLE MUST DEMAND AS GOOD HEALTHCARE AS WE PROVIDE LEGISLATORS 
That is exactly correct.  Please keep send this message!  I truly hope people realize this and keep fighting.
Keep the pressure on. Americans need universal healthcare. Look after each other. It is the only way.
Thank you for your work to help us, Senator.
Is there any sense of growing concern among Congress about returning the Russian compounds back over to Russia?
O'h Corey, that's such BS. You Dimms want "SINGLE PAYER", to totally own we, the people. It will also be INFERIOR healthcare.#(D)SinglePayer
Thanks for the great support Their is Lord on high blessing
Yay!!!!
Why don't you speak out against Kushner?
Not since I worked so hard on the failed ERA years ago have I worked so hard on legislation!
And because of congress people like you leading the good fight 
Good old New York Times is exposing his hatred and distrust of trump. I wouldn't trust them anyway
Let's make it more!!!  Show more to the door.  Adios, no mas!
What's the point of misleading people.The bill is dead -for now-only because three senators didn't think it was cruel enough.will get worse.
Thank you! You don't know what a relief this is! I appreciate your untiring dedication.
Don't forget some opposed because it did not go far enough. Koch money is on the line. It ain't over.
So GOPcare is stalled because democracy? I can live with that. and will continue to oppose any attempt to enact GOPcare.
you should wish it was alive, cause O-Care will fail and the people will look 2 u to see what have you've done but talk shit and do nothing
This is a great development. We still need to continue working tho. Very disappointed @SenToomey was part of the committee and supporter 
It's going to be a great plan...really great! #Trumpcare is dead because the president is a pathetic pathological liar!  Bye bye comrade!
AWESOME STORY! @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump
The #ACA has always been about the basic human right of healthcare, and that's why millions fought to protect it. @CoryBooker @nytimes
WE MUST DEMAND KUSHNER'S SEC CLEARANCE AND HE MUST BE REMOVED!  ASAP! Who knows what he's doing, could be detrimental to our security!
Honestly you're one of the biggest pieces of s*** in government. No surprise your corporate Masters love you
Meanwhile you take bribes from the health insurance company to vote against bills that will lower drug prices. #hypocrite #housenegro
unlike all liberals the rest of us dont think or worship trump as god like you all do obama thats the civil war buckle up for a bumpy ride
N dont stop. Not till it's buried
if and when obamacare stands for what ever it stands for comes full circle all liberals will scream we got screwed 400 pages of oppression
He's chokin', everybody's jokin' now
The clocks run out, times up, over...
Snap back to reality, oh there goes gravity
Oh, there goes Trump!
I'm thrilled but..Senator, are you the right messenger for this, considering your own ties to Big Pharma?
LOL
@socialworkersue
Yes! And now, let us please speak-up about Kushner's security clearance. 
He's a clear and present danger. #Trumpcare #TrumpRussia
Sorry to hijack your TL Sen Booker- but we all need to write/email Sen's Moran, Lee, & Collins a big thank you note. Sen Paul? Your choice.
I want to be optimistic in thinking we the people have a say in how we're governed but victories like this are so scarce.
Thank you Booker for 20 TRILLION debt. Why do u lie so openly about welfare medicare being cut when it goes UP every year? Unsustainable
Ur party is done - booker democrats r  embarrassed  by Hillary, Waters, Shelia Jackson, Pelosi, ur dnc leader is bonkers &
  Fauxcohauntus
We rise!
Not over.Republicans will never stop trying 2impose capitalist utopia on the US.Theyll bring up repeal over &over until they're out of power
That's right-the voice of the people has been heard. Republicans must listen!
We can't stop now. ONWARD!
Booker wants 'we the people' to have NO choice and wants to subsidize BIG Insurance with our hard earned tax money. Cruel and craven indeed
Did T-bone protest?
We want health care not wealth care...
It's not dead yet!  As long as @SenateMajLdr has control, and senators like Ted Cruz and Rand Paul are ruthless #ACA in peril. #Resist 4ever
Cory Booker is a fraud.
can't stop singing
So get started on Medicare for all. Scrap this giveaway to insurance cos and give US the most efficient, effective system.  Single payer.
<3. thank you for your work! We're all in this together. #indivisible #indivisiblewhidbey #StopTrumpCare
So glad I get to keep my skyrocketing premiums and deductible even though I don't want to keep them. #obamacare
Thibk trump will be pised off
Yes
Thank God!
sorry little cory. obiecare is done so are ur presidental hopes. I think mcgrevey is waiting for you under the boardwalk,down by the sea
c9758angwaters U better waje your butt up. You R on the wrong side of history.  Ray Charles can see thar and is both blind and dead.
We should abandon the pledge to repeal obama care and just let it go while we proceed with tax reform. You liberal commies deserve o care
All this so 12 million people can stay on medicaid and raise the cost of insurance and the cost of care for the rest of us besides the taxes
Ding dong - the witch is dead!
Democracy works.
No it's not. It's because it was a bad bill.
"It's not over until the fat lady sings." If the bill doesn't pass,you'll leave Americans with a failed Obamacare.Sad!
The People spoke and showed up!
Still gotta reform aca and do it in a bipartisan way asap.
Combo of Single payer and and Paul's idea of group plans worth a look.
They will come back with something equally as cruel just repackaged.   This is a temporary victory which I thank you for.
Actually, Rand Paul and Mike Lee opposed it because it wasn't cruel enough. Like taking help from the "devil". I'll take it though, bill rip
The resistance is working. But not fast enough to get rid of trump.
Not gonna happen....but its fun watching you guys go insane anyway... 
Possibly but, just possibly.
It's not nearly over yet. Keep up the good fight. Stay on it.
Make no mistake Big Pharma Booker you are a hypocrite
A true light in the darkness.
Don't gloat, legislate! Increase #s covered and reduce overall medical costs.
Sen. Booker is not gloating. He's telling us the effort we made worked.
ditto
Thank you & @timkaine ,@ChrisMurphyCT & so many others, including rep senators 4 hearing the people & protecting millions.#HealthCareForAll
They'll be back. Never trust the GOP.
With all due respect Senator, it's because a few of your ultra right wing colleagues didn't feel it went far enough.
Sure, but also half the Senate firmly saying "no" and the people on the edge actually listening to voters. Scary times but cause for hope.
Thank you for being a part of the fight!
Just repeal it!!
So Senator Booker, do you think they'll come to their senses and try to work with the "other side?" A house divided. . .
What's your plan? ACA is imploding, more Ins companies are leaving the exchanges, it was NEVER about Health  Care, a boondoggle
Tweet, call or write to thank them, I did!
History will be kind to them.
