Unless #papervoting is reinstated you will NEVER know if your vote even counted or was flipped so what's the point??? First things first
You still need to vote! Do you want Trump to stay President?
electronic voting systems will cont. to  be compromised. not acceptable Roughly 0.1% of the U.S. defense funding can fix this. #paperballots
I agree but if they aren't fixed you still have to vote. It may just be counted. The whole system needs overhauled.
Not overhauled, Nationalised!! A holiday like every other democratic nation!!
Yes we do need that! Make it easier to vote and No one left out!
This is unconstitutional, voting is a right and should not be restricted for anyone!!
I need more sources on California restricting access
I have seen no information about this in California. My history in Northern CA has been lots of sites, no waiting and mail-in ballots.
Need to read whole article, because this map by itself misrepresents what it says. CA GOP introduced bills, killed in committee.
You underestimate both coordination and persistence.
We need IMMEDIATE legislation to return the ENTIRE country to the #papervote. Nothing electronic can be trusted AGAIN! #impeach #resist
Paper votes are still counted electronically.
We're gunna have to steampunk the voting system. Build a simple, cutting edge, functional mechanical system. Put #Tesla on it
If you want to address voting machines, it's real simple - give every voter a receipt, store a second roll in the machine.
Daaamn!
Yet more evidence that we are the dark road to dictatorship
This is much more important than removing statues. Please can we get some protests going for democracy
Those protests ARE about democracy, too, Joe. Work on the part that works for you. Don't put down others' efforts. It's all important.
I have NO ISSUE with voter ID it preserves my vote. ONE PERSON ONE VOTE
We see what trump does in the open we need to be more watchful of what he does when we don't see him. It's more dangerous.
All citizens should be automatically enrolled without any of this on-the-side bullshit.
GOP PLAN BEFORE 2018 Elections+2020
along with Pence/Kobach Voter SUPPRESSION Comm 
looking@voters rather than REAL 'Election' Fraud
NOT good for the Republic
No ID, I suppose anyone can vote in as many precints as they can get to. And as many times as possible.
I was not allowed to vote last election. I have no permanent residence. How can someone think about voting when they fear for their life?
I would like to see a breakdown of ethnicity of persons who sponsored these bills!
This
#Having a #free #state issued #ID in order to #vote is fine, but #useless if there is no @Putin #Hack #proof #paper #ballot #system!
Any #requirement for #VoterID #must be #matched w/ #free #easy to #aquire #state #identification, or it's an #Unconstitutional #polltax!
Depresses me that my state can produce such rubbish… and we’re home to Hollywood!
The ONLY WAY Dems lose is if they protest vote or are KEPT from the polling stations!
@CoryBooker voter ID is considered restrictive to democrats only. They rely on illegals.
Simpletons, just to let you know @SenSanders's 
99 bills all sum in 8 letters
VotersID
NO non-citizens
Vote by mail and get out the vote! ALEC and the Kochs are behind these pieces of legislation. They are literally writing the legislation!
Restricting access to voting. In USA. This is beyond disgusting. #ImpeachDonaldTrump
Well, it's the only way @GOP keeps majority in congress. This + #Gerrymandering and we can't forget #russiancollusion. Good job, traitors 
Ya u go Marxist ! I know you're having a hard time with the fact that Donald Trump won the popular also!N. Korea  has lots  control,so MOVE!
And this is why Republicans won't need russian help next election..they're cheating all on their own right now...
Not true Bernie dont know what you are trying yo stear up but you can take Massachusetts out of the red and i see a few more.
#RESISTINJUSTICE #RealNews
So why shouldn't u be required to have ID to vote? Is it 'cause ur side couldn't get enough illegals to vote?
The only voter suppression going on: the GOP trying to prevent illegals, multiple votes by the same person and dead people from voting.
So what happens to Affirmative Action now and in 5 years re-voting( legislative approval) to remain as Civil Rights passed in1964-5?
This sickens me. I need to research what I can do about it.
How do you think some win elections without winning popular vote? Re-districting & voter suppression. Must cheat to win.
Wtf even cali? That's a damn shame
Until we replace all of our hacked voter machines,  elections can & will all be rigged electronically.
Jerk!
That's terrible...I just saw that my State is one of the States with bills awaiting votes. I will be on the phone tomorrow!!
I never again want to see California this color. Unless it's the 49ers.
Remember the guy running for office who beat a reporter day before election? 70% had "Early Voted". He was elected, no way to cancel votes

MASSACHUSETTS?!!
When I see shenanigans like this I am always glad of Australia's compulsory voting.
That's a good start. Demand an audit if not a complete purge of voter rolls. Everyone re-register. Require photo ID. Paper ballots.
.@DNC still waiting for Dems national strategy to stop #gerrymandering #votersuppression.  Must be top priority to win. Where are you?
How does one ensure that only citizens vote if you don't require some kind of identification?

This. Is. Chilling. Thank God for NM's @TheDemocrats  @NMHouseDems @NMSenateDems @we_dems @votolatino @angela_rye @RockTheVote @votevets
Paper voting with valid ID should be the only way to do it, unless you're enlisted as a solider and are stationed away from home.
So what's being done abt it?? R  D's having convo's with R's?So transparent what they r trying 2 do! Every1shd b able 2 vote.This is the U.S
D.
Voter ID is not restricting access in any way. It is however ensuring only legal citizens vote and they only vote once. We need voter ID.
This is yet another reason to stop trump now.  His #darkmoney friends are working overtime to sabotage America's voting rights.
This is a GOP effort that predates trump.
I vote by mail because I don't have the time to stand in line. But, I always wonder if my vote makes it there and it counted.
So how is showing ID restrictive?  If that's the case, EVERY aspect of my life is restrictive.
Purging voter lists, reducing early voting, etc
It restricts voter-fraud, not access to registration/voting. If India can have national voter-id laws then so can the United States.
Good. Stupid people voting is how we got here.
and Election Fraud as perpetrated by the @DNC in the Primary's and @GOP during the General. #BernieWouldHaveWon
Alaska is disenfranchised already. Our votes do not count when presidential elections happen. How do you think we feel?
Can't you register at your local DMV in all states?
Damn the Verizon map lost some states
How do they restrict, you mean like having to prove your actually eligible to vote. Or show the same docs you need to get a library card?
Are these 31 states where democrats were stronger?
This is the WRONG direction for our country! GOP take responsibility for fanning flames of hate & division! #stopGOP #impeachTrump
Why would the GOP take responsibility for the actions of Dems. Just look at who's causing violence at rallies. Antifa , BLM, radical libs!!!
I notice how silent you are @fiebinator? No comment?
Let me guess. 100% @GOP bills. SHAME ON THEM!
Oregon has vote by mail. All states should follow this practice.
"restrict access" is a misnomer. Voting is for citizens and all races of people are capable of showing identification.
Isnt this y our ancestors fought the revolutionary war 10 basic rights called the bill of rights y dont we go back to the basics
As long as ur a us citizen man,woman,or other,black rex Brown or white n of age u can vote
Restricting voter access is unacceptable.
All this is to the one party control. Bannana Republic government, Third World politics, President Trump supreme Court, and the campaigning.
??? Quote from article "As has been the case all decade, legislators across the country are trying to reshape state voting laws."
Slow coup from the @GOP. Can't get fairly elected, so want to steal it.
Did you miss how the Clintons stole the primary from Bernie!!!!!
my. state. they. dont. need laws, repugs been ruling. state. for several decades. 

This is serious. Very serious.
Our state requires government ID with photo.  Oh the humanity. It also has paper ballots and has for the past 40Plus years I've been voting.
Do voter ID requirements - common in many states & upheld by SCOTUS - count as voter suppression?
@GOP which of your constituents are asking you to do this?
The ones that believe 3m illegals voted in 2016 
Can you tell us the bills were introduced in CT to restrict voting? We're the grassroots organization lobbying for passage of Nat'l Pop Vote
ACLU PLEASE BE IN THERE
531 bills to enhance voting access have been introduced in 45 states
Why would a democracy want to restrict a citizens right to vote? Maybe their not the (Alt) Right kind of citizen?
Reason #1 to leave NH
Vote-by-mail option should become a pillar of #VotingRights reform as it increases turnout, reduces costs, and quells suppression.
My 2016 ballot never came in the mail in my sad red county. First time in years of voting... shady election 2016 shady af.
Which jurisdiction? I voted absentee in California for 20 years without incident. Non-delivery is basis for casting provisional ballot.
i need to move it seems
This is anti-American.
@boandsunny @BrennanCenter This is more proof the GOP is racist.
The republican party should be renamed the "American Fascist Party"
That's Do-able. They were Southern Democrats b4 they the became turn of the century Republicans they are today.
Their symbol can be a swine.
@HouseDemocrats @SenateDems You've let this go on too long Dems. You keep allowing it to happen? It's sickening. Stand the hell up! #Racism
We are freakin' standing the hell up! Trump is six votes away from impeachment!
