.@POTUS decided to tear apart hundreds of thousands of families & target hardworking young people who were brought to America by parents 2/
Make no mistake: #Dreamers are productive members of society who contribute positively to our communities and boost our economy 3/
In fact, without #Dreamers, our nation's GDP would see a $460 BILLION loss over 10 years 4/
Shutting the door of American opportunity and sending #Dreamers back to countries they barely know is un-American 5/
Congress must act to circumvent this misguided decision by passing legislation that will protect #Dreamers who are now facing deportation 6/
To deport #Dreamers would be to crush the American Dream – and that would be the most devastating impact of all 7/7
Because it's another contentious, complex issue that Congress is clueless on how to address since it requires a bi-partisan solution?
It requires the Republican party to do something  other than cater to the top 1%
My Lord, it's a travesty that we should be employing ACTUAL Americans!
Tell Trump that very thing. You do know how many foreign workers he alone employs, right? Bring the same sentiment to your president.
You need to back up your statement with some facts here - businesses operating in foreign countries require foreign workers.
American businesses should not be employing foreign nationals. Plain and simple.
Trump does- in large numbers too.
I couldn't rly care what Trump does - but his employees are likely not undocumented and living off the system like these other big companies
You have to do some research. Trump is a con man.
>implying that his opposition weren't con men either. I'd trust him more than a career politician that's owned by corporations and banks
Trump is just trying to #correct the illegal action of Obama congress can do DACA THE LEGAL WAY
Right!!!!!!
You guys have the power to end his reign of terror and are not doing anything to stop him
Reign of terror? Please give me an example of how you have been personally terrorized.
What about th "American Dream"of youngsters in Newark, Camden, Philly, Baltimore, Harlem, Chicago...and so many other inner cities? ALIENS#1
Like I read somewhere, if some parents snuck their kids into Disneyland and they got booted out. Would you blame Disneyland or the parents?
The American dream is heading north.
Rtn 2,139 bad apples 4 sure !
dumping the trash
You don't have to convince us, the American people are overwhelmingly appalled by this move. Go convince the Senate to do the right thing!
Hopefully the congress is gonna make it so some of the deserving ones get real citizenship instead of a broken patch.They aren't leaving yet
Actually, the American Dream was already shaken to the core when the automotive and mortgage industries substituted a car and a ticky-tacky.
So fix it.
Time to do your job!! You and others need to legislate solution like your supposed to!
DACA was unconstitutional These "kids" could have applied 4 citizenship at 18 but didn't Illegally in US is #Criminal Follow our laws
Trump = racist Bring Obama Back
You're a lawmaker for crap sakes. How about upholding the law rather than circumventing the law for your own political gain. Shameful!
The 800k DACA folks are the true Americans. Not Trump and Sessions...
So what are you doing?  Let's show some leadership.
Funny thing is, you libtards only care about "dreams" of illegals.  You don't give a shit about actual American citizens.
So do something.

Yes 1/
Wonder who next on his list to kick out the US. He going to change the laws to kick out US citizens because they don't meet his criteria ?
The American dream died a long time ago.
And it also puts you on the clock to actually do something. OMG
No time for ppl saying we  DACA but is illegal...If a man rapes my lil girl i'll still beat his ass, that's illegal too! #DefendDACA

No
so pass a law you just talk
And listen carefully. Now trump is trying to pit Hispanics against African Americans by saying illegal Hispanics are taking jobs. 
Not true
and the world is watching the hypocrisy that is now who we are.
1963 Dr. Martin Luther King "I have a Dream"  
2017 President Donald Trump "I,m  cancelling your dreams
In some cases it may not be deemed "fair" but being in violation of the law should never be rewarded. #DACA
Anger & sadness fills my heart today. Sessions' hateful agendas must be stopped. I do not like feeling helpless to help, What can we do?
Good to see your donors let you tweet on #DACA
And Congress must do this *before* tax reform. NO pocket lining while destroying lives.
Haha
Your in the Senate. Let's get members of Congress together from both sides to come up with a bill and fix this. #DACA
@realDonaldTrump is evil. You have too much tact to say it. But we can @realDonaldTrump is evil.
https://www.facebook.com/callinsickoftrumpday/ …
Then it's up to CONGRESS to do it's job!
It's not up to the POTUS to set immigration law..   It's up to you guys.
i bet they will have affordable prescription drugs whever they end up,
The American dream is meant for legal American citizens!
Complete nonsense and very wreckless language from a sitting senator. daca, as u know, is an unconstitutional exec order, ignores USA law
This will cost NJ $1 billion in lost revenue.  And those holier than thou TX Republicans who screwed NJ will not get their state rebuilt.
LOL!! Don't worry about Texans. They're not a bunch of liberal pussies. They'll rebuild if they have to do it themselves. #TexasStrong
Forget Dream - it corrodes the essence and gives in to Nazis.  You must resist this or we all fall down with Trumpty Dumpty
What shakes our dream is out TAX DOLLAR feeding crooks medicine doe the crooks and scabs like you running our. Country..we love Trump.wakup
Hopefully the President will work to provide college education for Americans. Current tuition and book costs burden our kids with debt
Not my kids Dream. Last I checked I pay taxes. Not that I don't have a heart but between my kids and your Votes. I pick my kids
Congress by right, must put forth legislation to rescind Trade Promotion Authority & meet their related Constitutional responsibilities.
You have a chance to fix this. Please fix it
Darling Obama did this crap. No a MAN HAS TO FIX HIS BIASED RECK AMERICAN LAWS
True
Not my American dream Sen Booker! DACA was an illegal act, overreach by Pres Obama. Use $$$ for at risk American youth, Chicago has plenty.
Dreamers pay taxes, and plenty of it. All without entitlements. They, themselves, contribute tô said money.
@CoryBooker So we will hear tons of noise about how bad this is, and then Congress will cave and allow it to be.
Yes they will. Good on them.
It's also illegal
Yeah and the good Lord is going to open up the Earth and swallow all us nasty Republicans
What are you going to do about it, Cory? We don't need words, we need our brothers and sisters defended.
What about the American dream for the citizens? The homeless and unemployed in America are Citizens, many are veterans; what about them?
Children are not criminals. They didn't break the law, their parents did. You can't punish children for the sins of their parents.
Then let's get busy and make citizens out of these amazing American Dreamers!
THEY HAVE HAD YEARS TO BECOME CITIZENS.....WHY HAVE THE REFUSED TO?
It's a law that Obama intentionally broke, we need to worry about American children and their dreams. Not illegals.
America is the greatest country on Earth, because America is charitable. It would be Unamerican to not worry about ALL children.
2/2 @realDonaldTrump doesn't know anything about family bonding, he would rather go on a Twitter rant.  But that's a lucky break for his son
President TRUMP HAS A WONDERFUL FAMILY..AT LEAST THEY ARE HIS FAMILY..LOVE THEM ALL..SO PROUD TO FINALLY HAVE. A PRES. TO BE PROUD OF
@potus is a selfish man. His only agenda seems to be to turn around anything @BarackObama did as President. 1/2
Please do everything you can do mitigate this disaster. #saveDACA
Agree completely. Please do everything you can to protect the Dreamers!
God bless you sir.  When will you run for President?   I will be front and center.
Then SPEAK OUT LOUD AND STAND UP #DACA
@CoryBooker then why didn't The Legislature pass the law when they had a chance instead of relying on an executive order
Ok Black folk, we're next. He promised to ban trans in military. He promised to end DACA. He also promised Nationwide stop-&-frisk. Ready?
Hurry do something! This is a hateful being....and always putting blame on someone else!
And what happens to my grandchildren they have a dream too they take away from my American Children First
Lie; it reveals congress abrogating their responsibilities once again
Do something
What are your plans to stop it?
Think this what Corey Booker means by his #DACA statement:
It seems talk means little with Republicans in power. They're just steam rolling American values...or what USED to be our noble values
NO VALUES Under OBAMA. LIES STEALING .LETTING ANYONE IS AS LONG AS THEY WERE AGAINST AMERICA.MUSSIES GALORE BANNED IN. 1952..DRAIN The SWAMP
I can't agree with you this time! Our AMERICAN CHILDREN SHOULD COME FIRST!!!  Not immigrant children who by law are not American citizens!
Well then make them citizens.  They contribute millions of dollars to the coffers of this country.  Trump's  most hateful move yet.
They are a bleed on the American society
Trump needs to go
Our parents and grandparents legally came to the U.S.respecting our immigration laws.Let's pledge to protect those laws.
DACA sabotages these laws via an unconstitutional exercise of Executive authority.Congress has 6 months to get it right.
No it's not. Caring more about non citizens than citizens  is the moral catastrophe...
Please protect the Dreamers
What has shaken the American dream to the Core is our lawmakers for years ignoring the laws
I knew pres. didn't have a brain now I know he lacks a heart.
Ha ha
So when we gonna impeach him?
Wake up obammielover.. Love TRUMP. ONE. HONEST MAN . WE NEED OUR COUNTRY BACK
Only Congress can pass laws concerning immigration. Obama went around that using Executive action, surely you know this right..
DACA protects ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS.. period!  If they had come over LEGALLY to begin with there wouldn't be a problem
There are thousands of Dreamers who have contributed more to American society than POS who have done nothing but live off the government
I bet if I entered your office and decided to stay there 20 yrs, you'd kick me out. so how are DACA any different? They entered US ILLEGALLY
For millions of Americans who have been ignored by RNC and DNC for 30 years+, the dream was already shaken
This tweet shows you never understood the American Dream to begin with
get to impeaching him - he is destroying America
Then do your job and fix it!! Nows your chance.
No Sen. Booker, the catastrophe is that they had over 5 years to work on citizenship and getting that started and did nothing about it.
So what do we do?  I'm 40 years old, middle class, and white.  How do I help?
It's a catastrophe to ignore laws that have been on our books for over 100 years. I expected more from a senator!
https://www.justice.gov/usam/criminal-resource-manual-1907-title-8-usc-1324a-offenses …
American citizen dreamers now have a shot.
A shot at what? If the US citizens were smarter, harder workers, they'd get the education, better jobs.
Perfectly stated. Well said! 
wrong. https://jonathanturley.files.wordpress.com/2013/12/testimonyturley-faithful-house-final.pdf …
The reason immigration and tax cuts are tied as GOP priorities: blame immigrants, on the one hand, while enriching themselves, on the other
The current kids under DACA need to stay. They can end the program for others. Dear, CONTINUED Trump supporters:

https://www.facebook.com/phyllis.murray.988/posts/1564852400201704 … SAFETY TIPS FOR WOMEN
Boomers need Dreamers to prevent the economy from tanking over the next decade of millions of new retirees #DACA
Sorry, Kng Obama didn't have the power to make laws. That's congresses job and always has been, this is the result of Obamas lawlessness.
1)Look, no matter what, you can't protect illegal immigrants. You have no legal standing. But somehow you keep trying. It makes no sense.
2)I'm surprised people even allow you to serve as a senator. I wouldn't want you anywhere near the law making process.
Too bad Dems didn't fell this way in 2009-10 when they could have actually done something to protect them.
Actually it enforces the rule of law! Don't violate the laws of my country and expect to be rewarded! These people are a drain on society!
Not for Trump's base. Every decision he makes is for 34% if the US his base. Trump has no regard for the concerns for the other 66% of us
Should have been working to get them citizenship oh well you failed
Make Republicans pass #DACA bill in September NOW. No bill = NO Democrat votes on Debt Ceiling, Budget, Tax Cuts. Or we primary Dems in 2018
Who confirmed this guy? Go Directly to them. Ask them WTH now? Besides erasing "History aka @BarackObama " Sessions erases US #DACA families
Sessions just made the announcement because Trump was to cowardly.This was Trumps decision alone.No doubt that Sessions loves it though.
45 wouldn't know a #DACA from 
#ACA if he had pics. It's 45's buck but he delegated 44 blame.

Obama signed this illegal executive order to posture himself as a kind & decent President

Why aren't #DACA adults angry at him for lying?
Check out @BreakingBrown they discuss #DACA and the Devaluation of the American Black worker.
Republicans use lower income whites, and their hate for immigrants, like pawns on a chessboard. Most of "y'all" don't see it.
Trump did the right thing. Rather than complaining, you have 6 months to deal with it legally.
I'm an American and my dream is that they all go back to their country though
READ THIS THREAD
Disagree.  Their parents broke the law.  They need to come in legally period.  You lost my vote.
OK "Steve" with 2 followers. #DACA
So glad he lost your vote, he doesn't need racists to support him.
Not a race issue.  This is a simple matter of following the law and path of the 80 million who came into this country the legal way.
No, Senator. Ending #DACA interrupts your voter base expansion agenda. The Dreamers we need to take care of are children of U.S. citizens.
I would rather lose every election than support the KKK
You didn't get the free education our government offers, did you? Maybe you should meet a few Trump supporters. DEMOCRATS invented KKK.
Ugh. Yes. It's almost as if the ideologies of the parties switched after the Civil Rights Act in 1965
That doesn't explain Clinton/Gore 1992 or why Hillary Clinton maintained (current Republican) view of Immigration through 2006. #DACA
Would you really like me to attach a bunch of photos of Trump 2016 Confederate flags? I just don't have enough time for all of them.
You won't find a single Confederate flag produced by Trump or the Trump campaign. Clintons ran WAVING that flag in the "South".
Why the lies? Teach the parents to follow the law!
Only liberals could bash American way of life and how "unfair" it is, namely to minorities, then say #daca helps "kids" live American dream.
It's the simple restoration of Rule of Law along with our Sovereignty. If you don't like the law, change it legally through Congress.
Wrong
Agreed. What's the plan for the senate?
It is not a catastrophe Mr Booker.  Why don't you help these people obtain citizenship instead of wringing your hands over it.
"These people" voluntarily came forward on a promise for a path to citizenship. This is what they got for no longer being undocumented.
Check your facts with Obama.  He specifically said data
Daca was not a path to citizenship
It was a path to non-criminal undocumented immigrants to legalization. Citizenship would be finally attainable, on their own merits.
Queen is Spot On !!
#MakeMexicoGreatAgain
Economic. Key to GOP.
America has become 2 camps:: Helpless, useless morons who enjoy being lied to and everybody else. Trumpturds are the former.
You'll wonder where your freedom went
When you brush your tooth with Trumpodent!
Yes if you still had your onammie you are right. Rotten to the core
Congress can fix it, it just takes the willingness to roll up the sleeves & get to work. Put politics aside & do right thing. #nopinchewall
No MS-13 members on there? Doesn't seem truly representative.
So instead of bitching how about congress does their job to begin with. This is on u and congress not on POTUS.
Watch Cory ...the concentration camps and deportations will be next! I feel SO helpless and doomed today 
Me, too
Immigration reform - stop trying to blame others its Congress's fault

Average age of Dreamers is 26. Not children.
