Sessions should declare war on legal opioids, the real drug damaging US.
I think Sessions likes the idea of putting low risk people in the money making privatized prisons.
Definitely !
Go Book-Book!! 
It's pretty clear your motivation,1st u give guns2Drug Cartel,which n fact killed a border patrol officer,now u introduce a MJ Justice Act.
This will help reduce senseless incarcerations for a substance that should've never been schedule 1, & to open up its medical availability.
Legalizing marijuana will lead to fewer incarcerations & will free up resources for our criminal justice system to deal with real crime.
It's also been shown to help get people off of opioids - something this "administration" was supposed to be working on.
Exactly. But if it remains schedule 1, it will remain out of reach for most Americans, except in states where medical marijuana is legal.
Sen Cory Booker I'm Proud of You, However Disappointed that you choose to Promote Marijuana use, It's a "MIND ALTERING DRUG" More Accidents
@CoryGn Thank you so much for this segment. @corybooker might be able to bring us closer to legalization. #cannabisismedicine #maddow
Bravo!!!! 
the plants name is Cannabis  when will you learn to stop using a term meant to denigrate PEOPLE of COLOR smh
PHONY FAKE POLITICIAN JUST SEEKING VOTES & VOTER BASE! THIS GUY IS A REAL SEWER RAT! MAGA DRAIN THE SWAMP OF THESE CREATURES!
Yes! The SECRET COMBINATION OF BUSINESS AND POLITICS hates Marijuana: it's replacing over-the-counter drugs @worldTHumP

Not a drug user but live in a marijuana friendly state. It is about time the Federal govt. changed its policy. Thanks for championing.
Thank you! The revenues alone would knock out some serious debt, keep people out of jail, and help so many. Well done sir
I respect you, but no to mj. Gateway drug for kids with weak / bad parents.
Republicans need to use some so they can relax.. Repent kater!! You only live once!!!
I don't drink, smoke or use drugs, society laws should make sense people consume toxic drugs, food and alcohol but can't have marijuana?
You have my vote!!!!!!
And why wouldn't the US legalize cannabis? Colorado reported roughly $1.1 billion in legal sales of medical and recreational marijuana.
Less arrests 4 no good reasons.  LESS PRIVATE PRISONS FILLING UP! It's not poison like alcohol is! People don't kill each other as Alcohol
Thank u Cory Booker for finally bringing a voice to the injustice of marijuana convictions! It's time to legalize!
Sounds like a good thing HOWEVER once it is legal nationwide it will be bought up by Monsanto & Dow & serve only to enrich their pockets.
I bet his legislation gives his real constituent-Big Pharma-a monopoly to sell legalized pot.
Just watched him in interview on Rachel Maddow show - very impressed. You have my support!
I spent yrs educating parents on the civil and legal liabilities of their childrens behavior-one area was a losing battle-weed-parents used
You can rip the buds out of my cold dank skunky hands #leagalizeit
Thank you for your voice of reason.
Wonder how many senators have smoked pot? I'm sure quite a few. Someone needs to give Sessions a gummi bear, he needs to mellow out...chill
Hilarious pic of Sen. Booker! And no, I'm not stoned.
Senator BOOKER NEEDS TO RUN FOR POTUS. Love you. You have your act together and we need your encouragement to get our country on the up n up
Please run in 2020
Always thought Booker was dope AF - just never literally.
It's going to happen. Just a question of how soon.
Thank you!
That does NOT INCLUDE $50M/yr for school construction. We have lower rates of teen use of cannabis & more $ 4 kids. It's a win-win for all.
@MaddowBlog @CoryBooker Thank you!!!
Can you get @RoyBlunt & @ChuckGrassley on board?
Legalizing marijuana will help the economy, help people medically, and keep people from buying it off the streets! #LegalizeMarijuana
AG will not allow this law to pass.
Liberals will do anything for more tax dollars.
All the support in the world.
drug war not broken, it's fatally flawed in it's core via disregard for personal liberty. racist enforcement just makes worse
#EndTheDrugWar
Did you call for release of all non-violent drug offenders too?
yo @__BRxAN__
When not capable of anything else, offer marijuana. You think they will vote for you?

Picture taken a moment after taking a hit.
Thank you! I live in pain almost every day of my life. My rheumatologist said if it were legal where I live it would definitely help.
That 1.1B sales resulted in $150M in taxes, with $40M going ANNUALLY to schools. W/ 1825 schools, that's ~$22k/yr.
Legalizing marijuana is smart for economic growth.
Stay away from the conventional liberal toolbags and keep solving problems.  Hats off from a Trump voter. Be the Booker you want to see lead
It is a two edged sword. Calling evil good and good evil!
#PuffPuffPassThisBill
So many desperately ill people need this truly miraculous treatment. A Godsend when traditional modalities fail Prayers for your success Sir
Literally the least DNC can do to get Voters!
#MedicareForAll
#Marijuana is a Legitimate Treatment!
#NeverBooker #NeverKamala #NoDNCsellouts
Cc: @CaffeineAndHate @doctorwho_dat @mseric @breezypuffs
The war on drugs was/is an easy sell to the fearful, but they fail to see the racist authoritarian police state mentality behind it's laws.
thank you Senator!!! I just wish it was named the Cannabis Justice Act.
That's interesting given your odd (wink wink) stance on prescription med pricing.   I see you know marijuana is the future.
I support this legislation! Many otherwise law abiding parolees are re-incarcerated due to being tested for marijuana by their PO's.
It's way past due!!
IMPORTANT:  Keep big pharma OUT OF IT!!!
Legalize IT
We have a couple of senators in WI that need replacing. Consider moving?
De-fund the DEA too. They lost their "war" last century but we still pay for ineffectiveness
Thank you for having the courage to take a lead on this issue! The public supports you, we still need to convince most politicians though
Just do a simple legalization. Don't turn this into a sink hole for billions of tax dollars
A major mistake! If liberals have their way everything will be legal including opioids!
Opioids are legal...
They are over prescribed and highly addictive. 
You are using the slippery slope logical fallacy anyway.
Everyone that signs on to support this bill will get RE-ELECTED regardless of party!!! This could get @CoryBooker Elected PRESIDENT in #2020
Oh god. Not my president.
This is the first thing I ever agreed w you on .... go figure ...
Just included this in my hopes for the Dem platform moving forward. Checking your website now for job opportunities
…& this little children is how @CoryBooker became @POTUS, leading @TheDemocrats out of exile in the age of #Trump… https://twitter.com/senbookeroffice/status/892447773085360129 …
Thank you for sponsoring this incredibly logical piece of legislation! Addressing ugly truth of century old law created to harm, esp #POC!

#freetheplant
Good effort. Not in this administration though!
Do you carry an #ObamaCare card? What's in your #wallet
What is an Obamacare card?
