Meanwhile the Dems keep losing elections. I wonder why.
Pathetic. I was going to tell him where to look, but he can't take criticism.
Cory check Obama's library for evidence against Loretta Lynch.
That's nice.
So, what did they find out?
#45MAGA
Lots of time on their hands! Would you PLEASE legislate!
next should take hike to Georgia to look for voters
No wonder you silly guys with your juvenile antics are losing elections
Democrats??Liberals? They Are a Mismanaged Carnival Of Stupidity So Is CNN NYT WAPO MSNBC CBS Huffington Post You get The Idea Loser Hacks
Yes, that's exactly what we want our representatives to do. Spend their day messing around instead of doing their job! You're all PATHETIC!
Love you all keep up the good fight and get the rest of the dems off their freaking fat cans lets fight damn it
Hay que acabar de limpiar toda la mmmmmmmmmmm de Obama.y esa es una de ellas.
Time to grow a pair, Dems! Stand up for the people! We don't need Repub-lite! Universal Healthcare, living wage, public funded elections!
Wow because that's what the dems want.  They want your health care subsidized with Medicaid and govt controlled. That won't sustain
Replace Obamacare. Get rid of it. Free market will keep prices down
Lol I wanna take part in the scavenger hunt!
Aren't we paying their salaries out of our taxes? Shouldn't they be working on their own solution to the failing #ObamaScare? 
I think they are  using the same box that you guys used for Obamacare. You do realize everybody thinks you are being jerks.
Larry, Moe and Curly.
Good luck, fellas!
@CoryBooker blocked a bill allowing Canada to import pharmaceuticals only to get a $250k kickback by big pharma!! Don't act like ur innocent
Instead of doing this they should write a bill to fix Obamacare instead of playing these stupid games.
Childish
Ha ha ha! Senator Booker you rock! Stay in the fight!
What a trio of clowns
Ask the Cap. Police if they've seen the Republicans congregating; conference services? Hire a private detail- you are resourceful Senators!
What jerks
Why waste your time since it is coming out tomorrow? More nonsense from Democrats.
If the camera had never been invented, these idiots would never open their mouths.  More "Democrap".
This is so sad that Democrats SENATORS have resorted to live streaming like high school girls. Smh
Are Dems not capable of making a plan of town other than single payer which would raise taxes to the level it would cripple our economy
Procedure forever. 1. Committees formulate bills. 2. Introduce to full senate for amendments. 3. Members offer amendments. Full senate votes
This is fakenews!
I hear Waldo has it! Find Waldo and you will find the Bill!
Maybe @CoryBooker will find his backbone for the next time we try and lower prescription drug prices via Canadian imports.
They said they will release it tomorrow. What's the point?
Why did @CoryBooker vote against affordable pharmaceuticals? $392,341 in contributions from #BigPharma #VoteBookerOut #Shameless
.

They're not repealing it - that's a lie to appease idiots. They're actually repairing it. Why won't Dems help America & help them fix it?
...hope they're carrying binoculars...
Great job Senators, working for ALL PEOPLE, WE MUST STAND UNITED.No MORE trickle down politics.Nothing reaches the bottom ever ?
So I hope all Republicans come down with cancer right after Trumpcare passes & then receive zero coverage! 
You voted to die, not me!
THE ACA (Obamacare) is falling apart & @TheDemocrats DON'TCARE they are obstructing. Not ALL democrat taxpayers are completelyDUMB! WatchOut
The entire Administration IS falling apart, nothing is getting done, WE NEED TRANSPARENCY. We PAY for EVERYTHING.
But did they find it?
Go have lunch & wait for the big reveal tomorrow  You are copying Rand Paul bc you have no thoughts of your own
Cory Booker 2020
LOSERS -  i got your HC bill - HANGIN!
I bet the Russians know 
I agree ,sadly.....terrible what's happening to Our Country.PEOPLE BEFORE PARTY ? We're ALL IN THIS TOGETHER.IT effects everyone.
I truly am tired of them all , they only care about themselves that's it.
I love all of you.  Thanks for doing your job!
Love this. More guerilla tactics please.
Doesn't get much more juvenile. Please keep it up guys.  You just lost 4 out of 4 elections..trump 2020
American People ARE PAYING FOR EVERYTHING,WE DESERVE to KNOW WHAT is happening, political parties aside. PERIOD.  U.S.A.
If it over 100 pages long, then it should be scrapped. Just saying it now.
instead of winning you have these three goof balls on camera looking as ( Democratic ) as ever.  We are laughing at the losses you face.
Must craft the bill and pass the bill to find out what's in it. Sound familiar?
This is not a joke,guys.
Probably took a little bus.
It's where you hid the ACA
Dems acting like Dems...foolish.
