Someone should've sent your ancestors back to wherever they came from.
Get out my my mentions with that bullshit. My ancestors were slaves on a sugar cane plantation in Jamaica so don't try that mess with me.
Really? You're sick.
disappointed that not one dem senator stood to resist EC based on 50 ineligible electors.  Expected more of you #TheResistance
@amyklobuchar. disappointed that not 1 dem senator stood to resist EC based on 50 ineligible electors.Expected more of you #TheResistance
@SenSanders disappointed that not 1 dem senator stood to resist EC based on 50 ineligible electors.Expected more of you #TheResistance
Looking forward to you running for PRESIDENT!!
@SenBookerOffice this just cost u ur career, u hypocrite @NJSP @NJDevils @News12NJ @PANYNJ @nypost @GovChristie @TeamTrump
Really? Someone should tell him his daughter is a converted Jew, his top adviser is a Jew, and he supports Israel.
only one president in US history had internment camps and he was a liberal Democrat. #FactsMatter
it was Democrats that fought for slavery, established Jim Crow laws, and segregation. Read a fucking history book!
babe you need to turn your history book$ over & read the history right side... $hame on you?
please, tell me where I'm wrong. I'll wait for your educated answer....
- Yeah yeah. Old news. Too late. The orangeclownposse done took over the Asylum.

I'm joining the fight count me in....Trump is a Hitler  Worshiper
Why do you hate Christians?
and no dem Senator can stop him, we have the house & the Senate  thank you!
This is just distraction from the real/ you know it wont ho down like that for real
Islam is not a religion, it's a ideological sect that follows misogynistic barbarism to guise their murderous intent.
I've read the Quran and also noticed the hyperbolic discrepancies mentioning the Torah, yet while they were used in words
LOOK AT GERMANY! PC IS DESTROYING EUROPE AND WE ARE NEXT IF WE FOLLOW PUPPETS LIKE YOU!!@realDonaldTrump WILL #MAGA! ENOUGH! 
You're delusional!
#Obama & #sanctuarycities have lists of illegals!
#obama failed to protect USA putting Americans in harms way
Islam's not a religion but an ideology to overthrow US govt. Sorta like Nazis. Would we have let them invade thru immigration?
Unless it is a Democrat
@tcapotesashes Is there an Arabic word for "Kristallnacht?" Asking for millions of friends.
However you translate "the crusades". During which Jews were persecuted along with Muslims.
,Only Tea Party is violating the Constitution.there wouldn't be an America without the Constitution.they're trying to Dismantle
Amen brotha!
would have been my choice for VP. @keywest0007
protect American citizens first!!!
people must not let this pass. It would be a tragic thing for all Americans.
I love @CoryBooker. Jefferson had three designs. The Declaration of Independence, Statute of Religious Freedom, & public education
@TeaPainUSA @realDonaldTrump  We're in the Fight, Cory!! #WeThePeople
He's right, but everyone should've thought about that BEFORE allowing nomination of a madman/Fascist demagogue.
You did not stand up for us. You did not give voice to help Americans protesting the EC vote. We will remember.
#BOOKER2020
you are completely right my friend! Please run for President next opportunity!!
the pimp elect t_RUMP and his family must have connections to the BLACK SUN SOCIETY!? These guys are very scary and dangerous??
your homework project is to research the "BLACK SUN SOCIETY"? When WW2 ended the bss continued on & was brought to America by SS
every president should create a registry of those pledged to destroy the US Constitution and those US Citizens it protects
Except if my donors from AIPAC ask me to attack BDS backers- that is a different matter of course- we cool Mr. Saban?
thank you!
First a registry & then what's next? Internment camps? #Wrong #UnhappyBlastFromAmericasPast #NeverAgain
#Booker2020
Senator Booker, please run #2020. This nation needs you!!!
@kharyp  watched this and then I signed on with Sen. Booker to fight the Muslim registry.
can some 1 say anti-Christ ?
@HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats Historically how has this played out???@SpeakerRyan
Look at me I want to be the Dem nominee in 2020!
Hey Corey...name the religion being driven to extinction in the Middle East...Christianity.
- You are right about this matter. 'Mr Bigly' is all about his un-worldy himself!
You support Israel but say this. You are a typical duplicitous politician.
please, please, please run for president.
To be fair, PE Trump has learned; evolved. Knows it's not "Muslims", but terror. There are bad actors out there. Whch countries?
U better represent Buddy,we need u NoW,haven't heard from u!!
MRk my words in see #BOOKER2020 with #Ellisonvp2020
totally agree
@starincali Hitler did and it killed millions of people. Just saying.
no but should be allowed to keep out terrorists oh shit I said the T word
We are with you #TheResistance
@TLC10q BOOKER 2020. Seriously.
I think he has amazing potential
@MikeLevinCA I love this senator.  Thank u Senator for giving us some faith in govt.
I encourage you to champion this cause because if #trump has the chance he will insists on a list or registry
powerful message
, really hope you run for President next cycle. America will need someone like you in office, especially after 4 years of Trump.
hey could u run for prez
. You will be voted out soon.
Appears covert registry listmaking has been delegated to Wikileaks aka Assange/Putin. Trump will deny connection and use info.

@CoryBooker
Many people change religion how they are going to track that?
Unless of course ethnics, or those who use religion as a front for violence or terror. Then a registry may be justified.
true
@AndrewLSeidel you know you would be a lot more believable if you weren't taking an obscene amount of money from wall st.
@JasonTGaffney  just use their religious freedom defense laws against. That's how stupid they are. Lol
Your legal director said it wasn't really your style. If it isn't your style to stop voter suppression, why are you even there?
You talk a good game, but refused to take a stand against voter suppression with African American Reps--mostly women--today.
delivers a powerful message on the importance of religious freedom and its backbone within the leading text of this country
@ACLUNJ 4 time child molester let out because of bail reform
as a right leaning libertarian -I wholeheartedly agree !!
those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it. Those who do, are doomed to watch it repeat
@MariaDanger9 should this even be a possibility in 2017?!?!
Im a Christian and that is what has been discriminated against in America for far to long. One nation under God! Amen
.@CoryBooker agreed. unacceptable.
Right you are. It's simply unconstitutional. Have we learned nothing from McCarty?
@OmarKelly you are right we should just let everyone in and ignore facts about who is responsible for terrorist attacks.
This is true
I cannot wait until you run and become President! Our country needs mature, intelligent, compassionate and inclusive governance
BUT WHAT ARE YOU ... DOING,  CORY? DO ... SOMETHING!
I LOVE Cory Booker!!!! One of the most honorable men ever!!!
@PeaceofResista1 Words of wisdom...
@UncleRUSH PRAY for the PEOPLE!!
the people should  make that decision..don't you think Mr Booker?
How do we stop it?  My (R) senators are in lock step with the RNC.  What can I do?
thank you for standing up for all citizens' rights! God speed!
Respectfully, you and your party don't DO anything.
Was it ok when FDR and Scotus did it.?
Unconscionable. What's next? Having all Muslims wear a gold star?
@ImpactDemocracy Wholeheartedly agree.
We self-profess every time we join Ancestry dot com or pay for DNA testing.  Think about it...
well said, Senator
fine create one based upon if the country of origin is mostly sand: problem solved.
.
you should run for president
simple as that's
Please vote against DeVos!!
you mean like the one FDR had when we sent Japanese immigrants and Americans to camps
yes, like that one. HUGE MISTAKE.
No President is. Amdt I, upheld by SCOTUS.
@summerbrennan you have to fight Cory! We have your back!
@summerbrennan it's a hostile country list moreover, it's a coincidence they all happen to adhere to the same belief system.
if only there was something you could have done appropriately two hours ago to stop this.
Historically, such registries are used for mass human rights violations
@ImpactDemocracy Where were you today? One senstor was all we needed.
stupid Islam is not a religion
Amen!
stop crying Cory, Islam is a hate filled cult, not a religion. They believe that I should convert or die. No brainer.
@ImpactDemocracy How infuriating and sad this has to be spelled out in this country in the 21st century. #ThanksDonald
O M G!!! What are we going to do???!!!! 
Please think about running for President in 2020!
I support your comment
Nobody should be allowed to wear a shirt without a tie. Disgraceful. Unless the suit is by me, then it's fine. I'm rich.
keep preaching tha real Mr Booker
Siunds good in theory but when one religion declares a tenant to Kill Anyone that belongs to other religions...
No other way it's life or death facts are facts security is a must
if you believe a religious registry is wrong, then why wasn't the NSEERS registry framework shut down LONG ago?
exactly.
THIS is what makes America Great!
israel does not base its decisions on religion but on a secular ethno-national movement called zionism
pls be the 1!! Challenge the Electors today!! Pls! Just 1 senator needed!!
If he does I plan to register. As all Americans should
nobody cares what you think
@lsarsour How about a watch list? You okay with that?
I stand with you; I will fight with you. Proud that you are my senator.
@AnneRiceAuthor we already have one... It's being created by the vaccine industry
this is good but you still wont be president mr. wall street. #Bernie2020
Can you tell that to the public school system.
Why doesn't the Attorney-Gen. charge Trump with TREASON already? He publicly told Russia (enemy) to hack us. Why wait? #Peace
because it's up to the #AmericanCitizen to motivate our Executive, Judicial, & Legislative branches to #DoTheirJob
when they want to kill you and your family... 
 a register is needed!
Islam is a false religion,  no place in free society!
So if Nazis wanted to enter  our country to put their ideology in place we should let them? Ashamed you ran Newark. #GTFOofNJ
Well, Islam is an ideology. It has it's own laws and system of government.

As such, 1st Amendment protections do not apply.
Absolutelt not! History has proven how that will play out and we are NEVER going there in this country!
this demagogue stands against everything i thot the usa stood for. is there no way to keep him from taking office?
@LarenzTate Thnk u
BOOKER 2020!
@bitchyologist We love you Cory! #IsIt2020yet
What republicans are all about, if you are not a white christian (bigot, hater) male, good luck in this country!
Thank you, Mr. Booker. Thank you.
the cinematography in this is bothering me.
Unless your initials are FDR, then you're a hero of the Democratic Party....
U think UR family is from America Only if UR Native American! We All going to RegisterI Don't think so!
Unless he's a dictator of course!
it's not a first did not Regan coin and lable people as Hispanics hodge-podging cultures that are truly unique and different
this should go without saying by this point in our history, but since it doesn't, thank you for saying it.
the fact that he is our president is beyond saddening, its tragic and heartbreaking.
Stand up, give a voice 2 all of us sane Americans, fighting against this Russian takeover! God Help Us All!
You can tell a good speech, when it seems to last longer than it actually is, and yet, you don't lose interest.
It goes against freedom of religion.  Freedom means Freedom and don't recall an asterisk.
@LeslieMarshall BTW Cory where do you fall on our state of NJ drug testing student without parents consent ?
@LeslieMarshall & no one should have a national GUN registration, put them together we have 1939 Nazi Germany.
Thank you sir for all that you do. I'm in Louisiana but man I would rally for you if you ran for office in 2020.
It's insane that this is a controversial position to many.
@menjicm Thanks for luring out trolls so I can block them. Admire u Cory.
@Rosenbergradio Really now? Didn't FDR do just this when at war with Japan. Crack a history book, read up on internment camps
I'm grateful to have a representative that actually represents us. Thank you, Cory
Agree completely!
No POPULIST mandate should be "man-dated" if incapable of winning even the Republic-defying/Democracy-induced Popular Vote.
I voted twice for you as Mayor in Newark's 1 party "non partisan " Democrat dictatorship. But at national level, I only vote GOP
Aside fr. being immoral/ illegal, also doesn't deter anything.  Also how to categorize mixed ppl like myself (Asian/ White?)
What happened to Liberty Plaza in Newark?  Vacant lot 2017 over 5 years after Groundbreaking ceremony.
Go 46! #Booker2020
Democrats two-state (win NY, Calif) Electoral College strategy failed miserably, so GOP who disagrees with you in power!
Then, during WWII, FDR should not have forbidden the immigration of Germans and expelled those who were here?
our democracy they choose to continue to reach across the aisle with many Republicans who wouldn't workwith themnow we complain
yet the Democrats knew this type of rhetoric was out their with Bush and when they had a chance to rewrite laws to protect
they already aren't allowed — "Civil Rights Act of 1988 " signed by R. Reagan & "An American Promise" 1976 signed by G. Ford.
.@CoryBooker are you saying that America's shoyld open its doors allowing any person to enter ask France #Hillary #Trump #love #cute #tbt
great job...I'm with you. New Jersey is being represented by good values.
I'll sign up for every registry bc Trump won't stop at Muslims. Discriminate against one; discriminate against all.
A major contributor to the Holocaust was the meticulous record-keeping of the German government prior to the rise of the Nazis.
