too many children have already been murdered at the hands of PP!
Too many ppl uninformed what PP does, Family planning women's health care & services for men PP is not an abortion clinic
actually they are the largest abortion provider in the US
3% of their services are performing abortions. If they are the largest that should tell one how important there're services are!
that is a misleading stat. 

1/8 patients who walk into a clinic get an abortion. They are the largest provider in America
so are you saying that 1 out of 8 PP clinics provide abortions? Okay. If you're wealthy one can get an abortion anywhere & do.
Just partisan ignoring reality. Sad Cory!
What is the GOP reality? Strip healthcare from people and allow a traitor to be Pres? What could go wrong???
A traitor?!  You should shut up, you're hateful and embarrassing yourself.
And you are a Russian troll. Stop making it so easy to identify you.
Too funny Russian Troll. Wanna get drafted and march to Moscow on the winter?
Sure, I'll march. Looks like Trump the Toupee will be leading the vanguard.
War is not a good thing. Democrats are preaching war. Not smart!
Dems preaching war. Wow. Ok, we're done here. My bad.
This organization has kept so many women (AND men) healthy and safe. Call, write, bang a gong, don't let them.
awesome you were never aborted thanks to your mom never having gone there....would have been quite a loss for all!~E
B.S. fear mongering
Thank you for standing up for women's reproductive rights!  Thank you for fighting the GOP plan!
what's the plan do we can get involved
democrats complaining about health and all but what about the innocent babies being killed by planned parenthood??
HEY DEMOCRATS...GUESS WHAT?? IT'S OUR TURN!!!!
Why do you hate babies?
Women can have their abortions. American don't want to pay for it. Fund your own infanticide. @PPact @PPact getting rich
I've relied on PP in the past. Thank you for fighting for us, please tell us what we can do to prevent defunding
Sen Booker DT stole that elect  you'll need out him
@amandaknief GOP won’t care about our phone calls to stop this. what actions will you take to ensure they don’t defund?
NEVER underestimate the power of your phone calls! Just do it! @CoryBooker @PPact @amandaknief #IStandWithPP
can you please just let us try to fix your  messes and shut the heck up! You gave away OUR MONEY! we do not HAVE ANY MORE
Cory. Read the constitution. 10th amendment Cory! Read it!
@CBooker2020 @PPact Cory you seem to be the only Democratic Congressional leader that is willing to fight the Republicans! Great
I will fight every inch of the way!
i love you
; & fight with our Sen regarding health care his picks refusal 2 turn over doc 2b vetted and McConnell trying 2 push thru.
; Thank you Sen. for standing up & your right just like we called regarding ethics office we have to continue to stand up.
U mean too many woman wont get their abortion paid for.
Too many unborn babies suffer murder at the hands of PP "doctors" already. Stop PP murder!
thank you for standing up for women Cory!  This is to important to ignore! #IStandWithPP
@realDonaldTrump people is talking to you, your duty is work for the people not to enrich yourself
- Trump doesn't know any better - someone please grab his hand!
thank you.
this is nothing but a money making machine originally designed to control your the black population! Defund PPact!
TY
Y shld My tax dollars pay 4 someone to kill a baby? If u want 2 hv sex buy b/c!
thank you for standing up for us all! We need more like you Cory! #IStandWithPP
dems need to start playing dirty.  What is the Dem Senate plan to slow down hearings or ethics comm review?
Healthcare premiums are skyrocketing. People ate going to lose it anyway. Obamacare is a disaster
. That's your opinion, ignorant as it is. For me and millions its life saving
You have lost all credibility!
Hey Cory. How about Immelt Obama's job czar and Obama's and Clinton's relationship with Wall St?
lol what about the billions our president elect owes to wall steeet? Still convinced he's not "bought"?
Do you know who Summers and Rubin are and who they worked for and what those 2 did? Look it up!
it's too bad they broke the law and started selling baby parts. Action vs reaction.
Tiny Fingers Resistance is with you Cory. More songs coming soon.
Thank you for your speech. I am appalled at what @GOP Congress has tried so far and fear for their plans. #resistance
Obamacare and Medicaid covers everything right? What does PPH provide not covered by the two?
ABORTIONS!
stop abortions and they'll get all the funding they deserve I say.
MEDICAID covers ALL these services. Why are you lying to the American pple?! PP does NOT need taxpayer funding. YOU LIE!
Not to mention that abortion is MURDER! And I'm not willing to fund it!
They just don't get it! 'Choice' & responsibility go hand in hand. #MurderOnUrOwnDime. Leave me out of it.
Thank you for taking a stand. We need more voices like yours. I work in health care. You can't have fractured payment system and take PP.
Not "defund'". Discriminatory ban of Medicaid provider becuz provides abortions w/private funds.
Good for you!! Thank you for being a man with guts! When the Public pays for their HC, retirement, and salaries entitled.
You support pp you support murder. You have no conscience and should be ashamed to walk in a church
Planned Parenthood is nothing but government-funded abortion clinic they should pay for their own abortions
Please fight them; I do ask what men's health provider is being unfunded?  Assault on women continues #WereStillHere
Donate to @PPact
It TIME for the red an blue parties  to take there original country back #StrongerTogether #DemocracyRIP
MAAFi 21 - Abortion: Black Genocide in the 21st Century - 
Watch all 13 clips then come back.
is there no end to the fear mongering from the left?
think of running for Pres in 2020 as we need a smart dynamic leader such as you are - thanks for what you do
Didn't PP make enough money selling dead baby parts to remain solvent? They must be under constant scrutiny me.
Methinks America is starting to panic over their choice of President.Too bad, so sad. Too late! Good luck.
Families in AZ, TN, OK, IL, NC, & more are facing huge #Obamacare premium increases. This law is hurting people.
I hear they broke records for fundraising. Looks like they don't need my tax dollars.
thank u for standing up and speaking out against this & other issues! Pls don't stop! wish there were more like you in gov't.
@SophiaBush @PPact 
stop killing babies. Anyone willing to pay the bill can sign up  when they get their license. Just like donating organs.
I stand with you 
Is everyone just tweeting about all this shit and not actually doing anything? Because that's what it seems like. #Resist
someone on that camera knew what they were doing lol
this is freaking BS the #GOP are sad ppl
Good for GOP! Get rid of planned parenthood funding!!!!
Once again this targets people who won't have $ to fly to PR for an abortion or mthly birth control fees.
don't help repubs. Let them cut their own throats. Let them defund it. Medicare & SS 2. Let ppl feel pain of their vote.

Please keep fighting for us! We need you now more than ever! #IStandWithPP
THEY DON'T CARE....PERIOD!
how can I help?
@realDonaldTrump  and @SpeakerRyan could care less. The American Taliban have NO respect for women, just grabbing....  @PPact
Thank you for standing up for the rights of all
@mattysmalls @PPact medias got to do a better job of showing it's not just abortions, they accept Medicaid, most places don't
Thank you for this Mr. Booker.  Please do not stop.
So start leading us Cory - the silence from Washington is disturbing. Fewer tweets - more plans of action!!
@pennypasque Sickening.
why cant the GOP get the fact that P P prevents more abortions than they preform by education and birth control
besides PP is a for profit agency, why should tax payers have to subsidize it? What are their execs salaries?
People will suffer and more unwanted pregnancies will mean more abortions.  #notexactlyprolife
Wish it were able to be opposed, but opposition was lost in election
I see little hope aboard sinking ship.
How?
Thank you #IStandWithPP
keep fighting, Cory!
Not to worry the liberal feral actors are fund raising.
You still havent found their funding in Article 1, Section 8. Quit hating the constitution.
thank you thank you thank you
@BillMoen "The power of the people is greater than the people in power". Thank you, Senator. Count me in.
Thank you for speaking out and standing up for all of us. We need more officials to do the same.Your voice gives me hope.
Thank you!!  Please help.
so hostile to life, particularly given that “there are up to 36 couples waiting for every one baby placed for adoption”?
@SenateDems stand up NOW. Women rights need to be defended. America is a model for human rights and freedom. Let's fight!
#DTS
Mr. President, I mean Booker, you sir are a hero and a person I could vote for knowing the country will be in safe hands.
thank you for fighting
Thank you Cory Booker for all your work! Wish you could have stayed in Newark, NJ. Run for president!
#IStandWithBooker #IStandWithPP
Thank you for supporting #womenshealth
We got your back Cory...
Saying "fight" is not helpful. Be specific about what actions constitute fighting. What exactly should we be doing?
pp has killed millions DEFUND
or do the moral thing and defund an organization that was fiunded to erase those who were seen as less #CommonSense
Thanks for standing on the right side with women of NJ! How about you? @RepLoBiondo
Hmm didn't hear you stand up to fight for us on Friday at the EC cert.? WE the people are standing up. Where are you?
I fear for my children's future. We cannot back down. Women's rights are human rights. PP we have your back.
get more subscribers to your blog.get quality traffic here
http://goo.gl/3Qj6C6 
If not for PP, my adopted daughter wouldn't be here and healthy. her Bmom "chose life"& was able to receive prenatal care
Thank you!
Maddow: How 2 resist #tRump http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/resistance-to-donald-trump-begins-to-grow-with-local-roots-847928899692 … Prog/Libs T Party Resisting Guide
Why is it the American people always the victim of the Republican's greedy agenda?
As a force to be reckoned with, proud of our WA State Senator @PattyMurray for fighting for the people! #VoiceOfReason
dems need to do something to ignite those that they want to reach!
yet another thing that will be ruined thanks to this far right agenda.
how can we fight when there aren't enough votes to defeat it?
Dude Urock Sen Booker!Proud NJ resident who does have heart & IS ready to fight for those who need support! Stay strong
@braaaaiiinnns @PPact T is illegitimate, why are people assuming he should have the office now that we know he colluded w Russia
I cannot advocate financially supporting any organization that offers murder as one of its services. No abortion=money.
I remember the fight for safe abortions & healthcare for poor women. We cannot go back. #Nowirehangers
list the numbers and emails we will forward everywhere
This is a blatant attack on #girls and #women.  Why does the #GOP continually try to undermine us?
@UncleRUSH @PPact I should never be forced to support someone elses decision either verbally or with my taxes...THE END
@UncleRUSH @PPact Can't they get that money back by increasing the price of baby parts they sell?
Sen, stop the attacks on PP. how can I help? #IStandWithPP
Defund Planned Parenthood and eliminate ACA--the GOP is condemning poor women to short miserable lives
please keep fighting the good fight
Speak Cory. We will remember your stand.
@SimmoneFrank @PPact Read this, organize and act! @IndivisibleTeam
Time for me to make another donation!
Why don't you reduce funding and let the Obama care save them.
is a goner. Then the hunt begins to bring thise #nazis to justice.
Just change the name and get it re-funded.  That's what the big companies do.  GOP will like that!
@nebrgenius @PPact Salad, Wine, death & money. The Donald will make them whine. Nonprofit my ass.
@seanhannity said if u make decision to have sex, should be respble enough to pay own birth control.
Of all of the @PPact clinics I've visited not 1 of them offered abortions. Lol
. There are no political parties, only organized political crime families.
@teenmd @PPact  As a doctor and mom two daughters I agree and I #StandWithPP
@OleHippieChick @PPact Truth. We have to resist Putinism. #TrumpTreason #SiberianCandidate #PutinismToday #PatrioticDuty
@nansmith61 @PPact The GOP "plans" to defund all things Obama. And this is their ONLY plan(except for co-signing for a wall).
We're women in a man's world. They could care less about Planned Parenthood! Fuck them!
@SpeakerRyan SpeakerRyan I have seen too much pain before 1970 (NY) to go back.Women died.Understand that.DIED.Not again.
@JKiddFan @PPact We haven't seen much doing yet, Senator.  "Needing" to and "doing" it aren't the same thing. YOU are our voice.
@SolidBlue2012 @PPact this is what we expect from you. I left the same message yesterday at your Newark office.  Count me in.
@washumom @PPact 
But you didn't object to the EC vote.
I'm curious why you didn't speak up. You seem like a man of integrity. Why didn't you speak up?
@gassee @PPact Translation "We must continue to exterminate Black children." That is why the murdering org was founded. Stop it!
Amazing & inspiring leadership! Continue the fight & be the voice for the voiceless & the underprivileged
how
Please run for President in 2020.
Thank U for caring , and just know this, you will be president one day!!
It's imperative
Malcolm X------hated the Democrats

Videos http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/4442102/1/ …
@PoliticalAnt @PPact GOP DONT GIVE A ! They may as well be ISIS! GOP WLD open the door to SLAUGHTER YOU! TRAITORS OF AMERICA
...nonsense, abortions are elective surgery, unless it's for health reasons & cost should be the individual not taxpayer.
I hope you do a better job fighting for PPact than you did for the integrity of our elections.  :(
The majority stands with you and reproductive rights. Fight on! #IStandWithPP 
.
https://tspr.ng/c/women-march-on-washington-2017 …
Mr. Booker....we are fighting! We are rising! We're assembling! We are coming for you GOP! #riseup #NoFear #NoFascistUSA
I thought Obama care was going to offer all of this to people who could not afford it why are they needed now? Hoax
@akdazed @PPact #IStandWithPP,  Donate whenever you can and as much as you can.
Cory!
Run for POTUS!
I wanna see you crash and burn like Jeb & Hillary!
Maybe spend your time constructively on some of these matters of Treason!
You aren't gonna change at all. Double down. We need the left and you're gonna get buried.
http://www.factcheck.org/2012/10/planned-parenthood-and-mammograms/ … Bullshit healthcare is what your selling.
Can't people on Medicaid go to a real doctor Why do they have to go to a clinic? I bet your wife don't go to no clinic
Since GOP-ers are all about $, how about publicizing in great detail, their yearly pay & number of hours worked per week?
why didn't you stand up today and object the electoral vote? #lackofleadership
thank you so much for saying this - people don't realize how much of an impact PP has on millions of women! 
Please tell me why congress is going to let that idiot to be our POTUS? Why is there not a re-vote? Are we just Putin's Bitches?
thank you for fighting
Go Get 'Em !!!  Don't let woman's health be treated as a mandate for the GOP to take away healthcare for those in need !
1 senator to challenge possible illegal elector votes and not a single one of you cared enough about your country or Americans not 1 of you
@HerMillennials @PPact yes!
So what's the plan?
what can I do to help?
This is ridiculous
s
So much compassion! Thank you for standing for women everywhere. You're an amazing human being.
You better speak the truth sir!!! Very well said!! Thank you!!! 
we stand with you.
Why did you not join @MaxineWaters objecting to the illegal electoral college vote?
right
Instead of destroying Planed Parenthood why no to investigate the Orange Buffon Puppet Elect, Is just a Moral obligation GOPiers
Republican Congress DO NOT CARE About the suffering they cause!
. As an adolescent pediatrician, I thank you for standing up for women
@Submarine_Guy @PPact MEN STAND UP For PP OR ZIP IT. .MEN use the Family Planning AT PP ...It's Time To STAND UP GUYS
the GOP doesn't care about women nor minorities. Did you not see who they chose as their nominee?? Haha pretty evident
Pretty evident they hate women! want to deny HC access & can't even vote for the violence against women act!
denying access saves them money to spend elsewhere.. violence against women doesnt make $$ so it wont hapn
which makes it even more preposterous the percentage of women who actually voted Trump & the regressive GOP
Brought to you by planned parenthood, all body parts included.
Like you and the rest of Dem Senators did today?
