If you don't like it, it must be awesome.
See it comes out of your mouth.
No time for Twitter spats. I work for a living.
Don't tell me buddy. Y'all are trouble maker and you lost. Trump won!! Get over it!!
Fight Trump!
He and the people are gonna fight if people would give him a chance. He was elected!!!!!! Get over it!!!!!!
How do you feel about his lack of blind trust or the AHCA reduction of coverage. How about his foundation of populism over democratic proces
I trust him. The liberal Dems have come against him from day one
You are ok with the millions who will lose coverage, medicaid cuts?
I wish u and fellow senators would fix the waste and abuse in these areas then you wouldn't notice any so called cuts, stop wasting tax !
That's right. Get off your butt and research all the waisted money going to people that need to get off welfare..fraud everywhere
Thank you for fighting back so consistently. I appreciate your efforts so very much. America needs you. #resistance
Please please
please please, pray for your man....he needs it.
Sitting g on their butts doing nothing but complaining they gonna take my welfare check. Get a Job like all of us
Couple in line with milk and few veggies. Everyone are obese because they are getting in Cadillac and eating like a high dog at home
I love these videos Senator Booker.  Keep up the great work 
Yeah, but will you ever do anything. Your supported by @IvankaTrump and Jarod Most likely Russian money.
Do your job, and don't worry about Trump. You all lost. Snowflake
Why? What are you losing?
Will you protect Public Service Loan Forgiveness and will you reject any tax reform proposal that eliminates student loan int. deductions?
Oboma care was a scam to tax payers which should of never been in acted  in the first place since it was against the Constitution,
So is $500B in interest on our growing debt. What's your balanced budget look like?
I've found you objectionable in so many ways but you are still in office but I digress...
Booker 2020 
@CoryBooker make sure you have a detailed, viable alternative.. you can
Why don't we just think about getting the lazy people a job and we want have to worry about food stamps. Oh that's right you could not think
@CoryBooker Don't you think this is a fake budget attempt designed to make the real attempt (will still be terrible) look a little better?
@CoryBooker or is it terrible because people actually have a chance to be accountable for their own lives
@CoryBooker if someone dies t stop the spending. His budget is the best ever.
Booker BS
Trump wants to increase the gap between rich and poor by doing away with the middle class...#weneedamoderndayRobinHood
Once again you lie! You fail to mention base line budgeting TELL THE TRUTH! STOP LYING
Initial budgets never pass. They're instruments for dialog. Question:can Sen Booker dialog (+) or is he bought & paid puppet of resistance?
Cuts across the board time to do more with less like you expect the American people to do
Cuts across the board are what's needed they ask us to do more with less now it's there time too
@CoryBooker don't get seduced by relying on just saying no.. we need you to innovate
Thank you for fighting for the little guy.
It is inhumane and cruel. I don't understand this level of cruelty. Counting on you @CoryBooker to not let this become reality. #SaveACA
@CoryBooker or is it terrible because people have to be accountable for their fraudulent actions
@CoryBooker why because it's a balance budget or two because it will get rid of your pension
Great video. We can do so much better. Thank you for the statistics and your common sense!
Hell you want to give public funds to rich private schools who make up their own rules...you not much better than Trump
This is the budget the country needs, without a doubt.  You have mistaken the USA with venezuela, which appears to be Utopia to your party.
Yes, he needs to stop with all the cuts. I will be affected by it. We are not poor people who wont work. Some of us are disabled and seniors
At least he's not taking kickbacks from Pharma companies.
Yeah he is spending way to much
Aren't you the same guy who voted against cheaper Meds? You want to talk about objectionable?
As a dem, I want to help others.  But I do know that healthy people are getting disability and medicaid.  They need more investigators.
If your policies are followed at some point the government will collapse and those truly in need will not get any help
You and your liberal friends want to spend money we don't have to keep as many people on government programs to get votes
@CoryBooker thanks Cory. I don't understand how Trump thinks we can get 3% growth w/o investments in education & technology
Please listen to @SenBookerOffice this is so important!!!
WHEN WILL UR OFFICE GET MY SS CHECK REINSTATED?
Socialist states like NJ get hurt most by budget cuts. Stop killing taxpayers & jobs so that people can work, pay their own way, & be proud.
Wake up. When is the last time you went to grocery store. Observe the people with 2 buggy full of food. At the same time watch this old
It not only cuts safety nets but things like NASA's ed outreach programs. The stuff most people say that's a good use of tax dollars
Take welfare from the ones able to work but have stold from gov for years. People are sick of it.
Very delusional to think that there isn't fraud. People stay on welfare from one generation to the next. Is that what they want?
So you'll push for single-payer?
Not enough corporate welfare for your friends in Wall Street?
Gonna join in and support Single Payer?
The GOP HATES America & Americans
We must make sure that this new budget stays buried for the sake of the American people.
I sure hope enough Congressmen do more than talk.  This is disgraceful. 2018 can't come soon enough. Repubs are GONE!!
it's not simply objectionable, it's obscene,disgusting,evil,vile and horrific. When did we stop caring about our fellow citizens wellbeing?

http://www.gutenberg.org/files/1080/1080-h/1080-h.htm …
We must speak up!!! #noTrumpBudget
What's new? Whinning libs
Not just early childhood ed. Afterschool cuts hurt kids & families too! Please sign on Franken Dear Colleague letter & keep kids safe 3-6!
Thank you for everything you do for us and our country, you are a true patriot and a great man!!! You rock! 
Thank you
Thanks for explaining.
Self Serving Pandering Tweet By Cory Who Is But A Foolish Politician.He Fools Only The Uninformed And Foolish Liberals.He Must be PT Barnum
What objectionable is you thieves stealing our tax money!
YES! Thank you @SenBookerOffice
You never are open to anything, except protesting vetting at Newark airport. Please open your eyes. Everything doesn't need to be a fight.
Send prays to Manchester
You already know a President's budget never gets passed. Fight the real battle against Ryan/McConnell. The cheap "pop," kills Dems
are u going to explain to ur followers that the governments definition of "cut" is they don't get more money than year b4?
You're one of my senators and I say vote NO.  
Our next Pres. President Booker....
That's what he is booking for. Another loser like the one y'all had in there that has started this mess
It shouldn't be acceptable to anyone in this land, that our leaders enrich themselves thru actions which knowingly create misery for others.
So many people will be hurt by this budget. The only winners are the rich who don't need any help. This is a bad budget. Period.
Please do! We are depending on you, Sir.
There is only one thing more objectionable than Trumps budget and that's Trump.
RIGHT screw the Seniors, Poor, Children, Minorities, Women and Sick people. We always do that! We're Republicans, that is what we do. SHAME
Time for ACTION Senator Booker .. draft a plan and SELL it to America
We can't keep paying for things without money. Something has to go. Why penalize the taxpayer?  Penalize those who don't pay taxes
How do we pay for the penalizing you speak of? It's not free of cost either.
Cuts have to be made in the budget without money to continue to pay for EVERYTHING in perpetuity. Where should the cuts come from?
gov definition of "cut" is if u get $5 dollars in 2017 & $5 in 2018 it's considered a cut.
our elected officials have created a system that grows the government automatically w/ increases
The fact that a budget like this exists is disgusting; it outs them as the greedy, immoral asshats they are.
President Trump's budget proposal is objectionable in so many ways. 

We must make sure it NEVER gets enacted. 
Hi.  I am with you.  Just going to move you to another account.  Regards  
Did Jesus know there was hypocrisy? Did He still help?
Thank you for fighting --not only for your constituents, but for all of us!
