@OfficialJLD I agree- so why r u voting to protect big pharma?
Sorry you believe that:
read the article about all the Senators who voted " no" like u at http://opensecrets.org : track the $$.
tell us about your links to the pharmaceutical industry and your support for Israeli war crimes
thanks for your productive commentary. Trump has literally banned Muslims but let's attack a liberal speaking out against him
NOT A MUSLEM BAN, GO READ IT! it's all over the web. educate yourself.  Y do u put muslems before AMERICAN safety
pretty confused by your statement. Do you want a ban on Muslims or not?
YES a ban on muslims! & yes, imagine that, a @POTUS said boldly what he was going to do & HE DID IT!  think I was confused also
gotcha. Thanks for clarifying. I think it's a terrible idea. Unthinkably cruel to the people most at risk & doesn't make us safer.
we aren't just letting anyone in. It's a two year process of strict vetting
CHRISTIANS are at most risk! 58 ONLY have been allowed in. mostly military aged men! let them fight 4 their country!
SO whats better this or a dessert storm or enduring  freedom or waiting for the next
Fahrenheit 9/11 or Where next to invade from @MMFlint to come out.. did we forget?
What about non Muslim terrorists then?
war, (WARS WHICH WE WELCOMED TO AN extent ) &this happens and ppl lose their  shit. It more about ppl hating trump than nething
with terrorism. I just think the EO is a bit extreme and not well thought out. It's not a surprise tho. We all saw this coming
Youre right , it isnt that well thought out but i think  TRUMP wants to say HE STUCK TO HIS PLATFORM and check shit off like
a honey-do list... And for that reason YES your right again WE ALL SHOULD HAVE SEEN IT COMING cuz he told us.
The interrogation or background checks just needs to be tweaked better. Not just banning all Muslims.
Really, never said Give me your criminals, Rapists   Your four wives and forty children,  so that we can F theUS
The current US refugee screening process takes 18-24 months, starts with the very best, only allows about half in.
The refugees allowed into the USA probably better than -- and provably more law-abiding than -- the average American.
like you know every one of them
It's been researched multiple times. Sorry.
sorry but immigrants abuse the welfare system , food stamps, free housing, free education.
Immigrants are more inventive and generate more US wealth. Founded 40% of Fortune 500 companies.
you mean when they come here and collect welfare
inviting Islamic jihadists like isis and the Muslim brotherhood for jihad by Obama is Traitorous. You are ignorant.  Hush

Sharia has no place in America. the UN has no business invading Syria and Yemen.
you're right Sharia law has no place in America. We should establish a seperation of church and government no more "Under God"
no "Under Allah" it is already a law. It is simply being enforced now.
especially in the American gov't where people claim it is unholy for gay people to get married. Those people are Christians.
they just do like the Liberals and repeat what the media says but the Christians repeat what God says. God said it.
the bible is not the word of god. The bible is tainted by man. God loves all his children, even the gay ones.
#CoryBooker=#OneOfUs! #TheUSera >)
You sir, sure tell the truth!  Thanks!  From a life long Republican.
Is #MeritBasedImmigration reasonable for our country ? Speaking frankly, some merit may be fair, if we are looking to attract unique people
Correct. Trump is an authoritarian
@pattonoswalt | isn't he the punk who voted against @SenSanders @BernieSanders amendment to import prescription drugs?
the American People understand Exactly what you stand for. #AmericaFirst #ExtremeVetting
It is done Regardless of what happens now, this reprehensible man has downgraded our standing in the world in only 1  week- UGLY
No longer can we speak out on human rights atrocities with authority -Trump has silenced our voice in the world
Once and for all, our nation was not founded in Christianity & to give it priority is discrimination, period. Ugly American much
@SenBookerOffice says who you
Congressional Democrats need to do more than talk. You need to begin impeachment proceedings ASAP.
Drama queen
your ideals: where are they in reality? Homeless, drug dealers, murder, crumbling infrastructure.
Same as US ideals a Muslim culture systemically informing terror-genocide & political/social subjugation? Really?
here's a challenge 4 you - put your money where your mouth is & adopt refugees & let them camp out in your backyard!
@puppymnkey Hey Cory. Why did you vote no for ppl buying medicines in canada? Maybe because you're a pharma lapdog? #CorruptCory
He didn't #FactsMatter http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/jan/18/other-98/viral-image-about-democratic-senators-and-big-phar/ …  @CoryBooker @puppymnkey
voted no for safety reasons, even though many of the drugs are made here and sold to Canada cheaper. American made not safe?
sort of .. wanted imported drug safety guarantee, which wasn't in that bill
I understand the reasoning behind why he says he voted it down. When the new bill comes, w/ his preferred language, will he -
- once again find a way to shelve it again, in account of a lack of specificity? It's no coincidence all the senators who -
voted no all receive $$$ from Pharma lobbies. That is true. And I hope he votes the right way the next time.
please go to JFK and check on the detainees, they're not all have been released yet?
We need him at Newark more, I haven't heard any updates out of there today.
@JoeTrippi your ideals are not what our founding fathers had in mind.  Your ideals more in line with Muslim ideals & culture.
You need to read what founders said about freedom of religion.
Islam isn't a religion.  Islam is an ideology to take over the world and make YOU submit to their Allah.
Can I get your list of real religions? Clearly an expert. Happy snake handling!
why don't you ask God?
Oh, I don't think you want me to do that. If your name came up it could go badly for you.
translation: only a Christian god is the right one. Christianity is a "peaceful" religion
ALMOST got #lynched a few towns over [Norwood] when YOU was in #Pampers..#Trump didn't INVENT #AmeriKKKa!
KNOW you running 2020, but READ some @SalenaZito to LEARN the landscape #HRC & @TheDemocrats FORGOT!!!
#WORK hard you WANT #DECENT pay & a MODICUM of #respect..BOTH OF WHICH are lacking TODAY!
Fight back against the false narrative that Americans made Trump President.  The rigged electoral college made him President.
Really???  that's why you left Newark in shambles???? SAD SAD SAD
BULLSHIT!
Great insight and speech put it in action and return America to the citizens . Fight for her and everyone else
@EstoyConHillary stay strong Corey
thank you for your presence at #Dulles tonight!
https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2017/01/27/in-venezuela-we-couldnt-stop-chavez-dont-make-the-same-mistakes-we-did/?postshare=7121485554646976&tid=ss_fb … @CoryBooker Trump has polarized the country, but we need to #resist & stop him.  We are on a bad path. #equalitywins
It's COMPLETELY American to protect our nation AND it's @POTUS' DUTY. Where was the outcry when Obama banned Iraqis?
.@CoryBooker Something must be done, alright. Let's see... Out here we can start breaking laws. What can you do about it instead, SENATOR?
When are you gonna stop being completely ignorant at this point you are becoming Casper the friendly ghost, which means nothing
go away
@puppymnkey please don't grace the psychopath with the term president he has not earned it
Shameful. You belong on Broadway. Try being this "reasonable" when talking about fixing this country.
No It does not. You wanting to import terrorist does
legals are ok.
Cory u r do wrong. Stop speaking for me
What a crock! Are you having difficulty with common sense, Senator?
@aplusk F U
no to SCOTUS pick...PERIOD!
you don't have any IDEALS  or Values OR principals except $$$MONEY$$ BigPhRma
Keep going strong, Senator. The American people are with you and we desperately need your voice. #NoBanNoWall
You will be our best President (after Lincoln) so far.
you are correct. My gma came thru Ellis Island. She had to be SPONSORED & the sponsor helped find a job & home! Not govt!
If she had to be sponsored, then she came after Ellis Island closed.
she came early 1900's. Had a family take care of her. I think 1908.
Sponsorship wasn't required until well after that.
But so does Corey Booker's voting against affordable medicine for poor Americans.
Link?
Here you go:
Fair enough. Mr. Booker? What's the story?

Sorry he doesnt support it since he voted against the bill and demands unnecessary FDA approval for Canada

Been calling senators & congress-m/w for the last 2 weeks almost nonstop. Guarantee there's not 1 without a full VM.
Totally agree. Most are way too silent this weekend. 18' can't come soon enough.
it might be time for ALL of them to go. They r out of touch w/RAGE felt by us!!
Part of me agrees, the other says that's why we're in this trouble right now.
We need more voters. Fixed it for you Cory.
@SarahKSilverman Fake news!
https://youtu.be/bHXrg4zcXfo  =

Welcome To The #USera #AllHumansOnPlanetEarth!
#PictureUsBowing!

#You=#OneOfUS!
#theUSeraPARTY2020=#THEusERA >)
@MysteryCr8tve Politicians aren't super heroes or holier than thou. Keep that in mind. Resistance will have 2 lead 2 uprising.
100% accurate. A friend said "Why isn't anyone stepping in?!" I said, it's going to take EVERYONE fighting back
Well put.
fake
@JoeTrippi bullshit!
yay for you Can you color inside the lines too??
Thank you. We need leaders like yourself to speak out against #Trump's unconstitutional executive ban.
DO SOMETHING
He’s an elected lawmaker: we already have.
Amen to that!
@GrubbsJoe we recovered from Obamas Iraqi ban, I'm sure we'll make it through this as well.
hardly comparable. 1 vs 7. And his buddies get a pass for business reasons.
I agree on Saudi. Your 1 vs 7 argument is laughable. I guess this video only applies if you ban multiple countries.
they're still vastly different situations considering the reason for the bans.
Jesus guy, you're a hypocrite. It's different because the media didn't cover it and show pictures of dead Iraqi kids
that's still false, guy. It stemmed from a case in Kentucky where there was a credible threat during the war.
we're @ war that's the part everyone is missing. We dropped 26,000 bombs on these countries last year.
where are the attacks then guys? Isis is loving this today.
Please inform your public the orders have provisions for SAFE ZONES in those regions for the refugees. Until properly vetted.
Whatever. We’ll be more inclined to listen to anything you have to say when you stop being a Wall St and Pharma toady. M
don't speak for me u putz. Maybe if certain people would assimilate there wouldn't be a problem. U focus on cleaning up Chicago
what are you doing about it?
If the republicans want a simple majority this might help you if the congress changes to blue. Don't vote for Trump's judges.
I can't call him president. .. he doesn't deserve the title.
how do you spell hypocrite?
your comments show how out of touch you are with normal people.
"don't let terror change who we are"!!!
Thank you..  Keep posting these videos
Preach it!!!
thank you, Senator. We need to keep fighting for the America we know. #resistance
Spoken so eloquently and honest.  Thank you for being true to the values we hold on to during the most difficult of times.
@hrw there is still imm. Prioritized & some will be more vetted 2 protect YOU. If all doors were clsd all wud protest.
#youreoutofyourelementdonny please stop the mad man Mr. Booker
what was Obama's order? Dummy
@SarahKSilverman Great speech, Cory Booker! Rise up, Americans, and make your feelings known to Trump Admin. Retain our values.
@2020VoteHillary. Amazing. Your words & passion bought me to tears. I'm Australian & Anti-trump. Please may your words be heard
you are a liar and a soul less sell out.
How's it feel?
you rock!
thank you for speaking out so loudly and early
Trump is doing his job to protect us, look at the horrible job you have been doing to improve our state of NJ.
Seriously @CoryBooker how can anyone on the Hill look at him and think "Wow this guy is acting Presidential?"
what the hell are you talking about?
so what are we going to do about it?
Nice trick.. Apeal to emotions
why won't you run for president?
no, at this moment in time,  we are much safer without them until we fix what democrats have desroyed
we know you want more people to vote for you, but the whole world won't fit in America
put a sock in it you hypocrite
WE should send Booker to Afghanistan for 1 refugee..
Mr. Booker, you are so last century
https://www.dhs.gov/news/2016/01/21/united-states-begins-implementation-changes-visa-waiver-program …
Grow up!
Please give us your response to tonight's protests and judge Ann Donnelly's ruling.
ok, I have officially discussed you as a person who uses reason to solve problems. You will not be re elected
Shhhh, Cory you sound stupid........ President Trump build that wall, Keep criminals out, every way you can... God Bless You...
I'm from NJ- we need you to stand up asap. GOP relentless stand ag "Benghazi" etc. you must do the same. All voters watching!!
thank u for tonight on @maddow. Trump is trying shock & awe to exhaust us.This is about the USA not partisanship. #ImpeachTrump
please don't allow this anti-trump ranting and raving to hinder your presidential aspirations. You are being used.
Amen to that Cory.  Keep up the spirit of democracy!
Dont shop where #Trump brand sold. #Boycott biz in Tower, his casinos golf courses, hotels, brands he wears #TrumpNotWelcomeHere
Trump is a fascist demagogue and so anti-American.
There has NEVER been a terrorist from Iran & where is Saudi Arabia on the list????  Its NOT
Iran called the leading State sponsor of terrorism BY THE US....and that is only because Iran is not a stooge of US
Obama did it and you said nothing. Obama created the list of 7.  Quit grandstanding the issue.
we don't want talk. We want action. U know we have to take 50% blame for him being in the WH? Ur emotions r acknowledged here.
@SenBookerOffice  Keeping America safe is the number one task of the president. Not protecting foreigners or social engineering.
@aplusk YOU'RE A RACIST BOOKER !
Thank you for your hopeful words on such a hopeless day.  Please act on them.  @Rachelspe
not the people who voted our Great President, your always Grandstanding! Just another lousy politician!
Cory Booker is a race baiter and a corrupt politician.  Can't stand this phony.
why are you twisting it like that?? what are you doing?? The bullshit on the Statute of Liberty is NOT our Policy or Immigration

Stand up?  You voted for his cabinet positions and AGAINST cheaper drug prices. IMPEACH HIM or sit down.
@DearAuntCrabby habe  ich doch gesagt und ihr habt ihn gewählt. Jetzt selbst schuld
no matter what Pres. Trump does you oppose and ignite hate & division. Be part of the solution, because right now you aren't!
v
@pattonoswalt it's also just plain racist. Don't shy away from calling it what it is.
Trial Balloon for a Coup  http://bit.ly/2juCetR 
Your ideals are the same as the German people who did not realize the threat from radicals until it was too late,History repeats
Senator Booker, based on how you've backed up your words with actions, I would be happy to vote for you as president some day.
Democrats who stand as silent as the GOP are loud will be booted out by incoming voters coming of age, but those of integrity
who defend the rights of the people will be pushed onward to represent us in greater places. Please keep being vocal!
Trump needs data to understand what American ideals are.  He is going off opinion of small % who voted for him.
As an American,  why didn't you vote 'yay' on lower priced Rx drugs from Canada?
How do we as American citizens accomplish fighting against trump I can't sleep at night Our flag is at half mast I'm in mourning
American Ideals?? They are build on hypocrisy and hateful religious bigotry! Time to get rid of the old ways!! #TheResistance
I'm all for keeping Terriost out! I'm backing Trump 100%
is for standing up against President Trump but not for standing up against big pharma!
Ohio State, Orlando, San Bernadino, Boston, FT. Hood... You are a clueless, publicity seeker whose party crushed America for yrs
keep fighting!
@pattonoswalt Did you make a dumb video when Obama ban Iraqi refuges in 2011? Hypocrite.
: any more dems want to stand up & be counted?
Thank you again for standing up to injustice!  Please feel free to use my hashtag #NoTrumpNWay to make a point!
Senator Booker the people in NJ have the right to be safe first. You are jeopardizing that!
oh BS!  We can be their beacon of hope, IN THEIR COUNTRY!
you'll realize that you can Never be the President
Clearly you do not deserve to be a lawmaker when you do not know,  you're own laws.  8 U.S. Code § 1182 
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/8/1182 …
Please tell us what to do. Actual steps. Please. 
Act now!
@aplusk so bring them all to your city and have it turned into another Dearborn. #loser
thank you for standing up for our country's values. We need you in this fight more than ever.
Most outhouses aren't as full of crap.
what can we do.   Call for a March. On. Washington. Until it's lifted.   Starting now.
We hear you, loud and clear!
many hungry tired poor masses are in NJ, it's a small state borders NY
thank you for being vocal
What country do U live in & represent? Sad you're so ignorant. https://twitter.com/MissLizzyNJ/status/825573125438001152 … #PresidentTrumpIsRight #StopRefugees
Going to the airport to support our rights is not grandstanding-it is your job. Thanks to you and the attorneys. True Americans
thank you for a strong message. Never give in to Trump. He already is a disaster for America.
We know all of that...what are you going to do about it? #25amendment
Thank you for speaking out...please don't stop, be a big loud mouth!!
Thanks for speaking up for what are the real American ideals. Not what Trump wants the world to believe we feel as Americans.
I really feel sorry 4 those people ,but we don't have jobs here either.Everyone should make & grow their own in their own land.
Head-shaking that we didn't take security action earlier.  Barry wired $221 million to PLO his last day.  Worst prez in history
#COREYBOOKEEFORPRESIDENTIN2020
You and Bob must vote NO on all nominees. Make the GOP own this in 2018 and 2020
the Trump monster is GLEEFULLY pissing on every principal America stands for. Ur my Senator STOP talking and #DOSOMETHING
Trump is threatening our freedoms of speech and assembly today- he's gone full fascist can you get your GOP colleagues to help
tell me what to do!!! I need to do something...
@aplusk if i hear one more time who we are i'm going to puke
What are you and the rest of our elected reps doing to stop the madness? The country is being torn in two! #TheResistance
terrorist do not pray. It's a 120 day process to vet. Let the process begin
Why should this ever happen again in America? Oh that's right it has where  you Cory?
Nothing this guy has to say is going to salvage his credibility after he sold out to big pharma out of greed.
New ideals thanks to Bush, Obama & H Clinton. Dearborn Michigan is segregated due to religious beliefs.  Talk about that..
President Satan is fundamentally un-American.
so true
