Even if it was not their last chance We of the Resistance must make it known to the gop nazis that they will never win
Wipe out Medicaid for poor infants and children, who're more likely to be Brown or Black.
Price out the disabled.
Sounds like Nazis to me.
Why not? None of us in the USA is an island  We are all interconnected We are one family We need each other
Listen that cannot be for everyone and you are making excuses for your behavior
Excuses do not cut it baby
Please please please ruin mine.  Going up 32% in November.  Gonna have to drop my insurance
...and you think the GOP plan is going to stop that from happening?
Nope.  But stop penalizing me if I choose not to have health insurance.  I might as well have none.  Deductibles so high I can't use it
So, you're fighting for your right to have no health insurance?
Yes.
How responsible of you. I hope you or your family never need a hospital.
Can't get blood from a stone.
How nice of you to leave your medical bills for others to pay.
They’ve tried this what, 2 or 3 times now? What makes this the last chance? 
The deadline for the budget legislation that allows them to vote with a simple majority, rather than 60 votes, expires end of the month .
They could change the rules again though, right?
McConnell can do whatever he wants or so it seems.
The Parliamentarian won't let him. They only have to the end of September to pass this POS with 50 votes.
Right but the parliamentarian is enforcing the Senate rules. They can change those rules at any time.
I really don't know. It's pretty arcane in there. If they break all the rules chaos will ensue. McConnell wants to keep some order, I think.
I mean, they have definitely shown willingness to do it on other things
Honestly the phone calls don't matter. It's their donors phone call they will take and vote on their behalf.
Call anyway.
And in 2018/2020/beyond, vote anyway, even though you "know" your vote won't count.
I have called, will continue to call and always vote. No one will take that away from me.
Good. Too many people think "protest voting" is voting.
This will end America as we know it. Thousands will lose their healthcare! Cancer patients, babies, Jesus lives matter! Call. Save ACA.
Why would a government be so cruel to its citizens?
GOP doesn't give a damn about us citizens...
The @GOP are working for Corporate greed and donors instead of oath of office and for #WeThePeople VOTE NO on #GrahamCassidy
Fix the #ACA
Yes.We will see if they have Loyalty to the Party or love for All People.Loyalty to a supposed Leader that thinks ins is cheap.He's clueless
Yes they hate us all and want us to die. Get real!
What did everyone do before? Just people dying everywhere no help no nothing?
There were bodies all over the streets?
The horrors we witnessed before the saving grace of ACA

Not enough people know to oppose bill we must make #GrahamCassidy trend
better yet:
#GrahamCassidyDeathBill  
#GrahamCassidyMurderBill 

Call it what it is: MURDER!
                            MURDER!
RIght on! #GrahamCassidyDeathBill #GrahamCassidyMurderBill #GrahamCassidyIsMurder
Why do 49 senators want to kill millions of Americans?????
Just the poor and brown ones.
Believe me poor non "brown" ones won't be the only ones affected. But thinking we are gonna be the only ones is part of the problem.
People who think they're safe because they're poor but at least they're WHITE will save em. Nah fam.
True, but the GOP base is generally white, which includes WWC Trumpkins...
Not that there aren't black Trumpkins, but it's "expected" that they'll wise up, in due course.
Correction, they only need to flip 1 vote to flip government mandated healthcare.  If you're on private insurance you're fine.
No one is fine! This will affect all health insurance across the board, both via employer or private (self employed)
Ever since mandated healthcare, my costs have done nothing but skyrocket.  Forcing healthy people to pay for others insurance is theft.
That is literally how insurance works.
Yeah, and forcing insurance companies to insure higher risk people, and those costs are spread among more
Keeping insurance from "higher risk" people makes it more likely that they'll die, and leave their survivors on public assistance.
Hard to hold down a job, if you're paying the bulk of what you make to the hospital. That's grocery, utility, and gas/car upkeep/bus money.
You swear, because I remember the last vote being "the last"
They keep coming up with ways to revive the Jason Voorhees of repeal efforts.
As long as I get to see Murkowski knee to nut action, and it's the final blow. #KillTheBill #dejavu #fuckthisshitagain
You can also have a message hand-delivered to your Senator about this on Tuesday for free at
And/or text RESIST to 50409 to send a free fax via your cell. They find your congressman & take you thru to steps. Easy!
I have two Democrats as Senators. I tried to send a note to John McCain, but it redirects it to Minnesota when I enter my address.
Do this tomorrow!
Please call Sen. #Murkowski and ask her to vote AGAINST #GrahamCassidy. Her office is willing to hear from non-constituents.  (202)-224-6665 https://twitter.com/ghhshirley/status/909899332509249537 …
I've done it tonight but will call again. This is important.
This is infuriating that we have to beg & plead like starving children each time Congress gets bored & brings up ACA repeal yet again.
And for those of us who'll lose coverage and thus access to life saving meds, terrifying beyond comprehension.
DH & I are healthy so far but our kids could really lose out. Pre-ACA insurance exclusions depleted our funds; if we get sick we r screwed
currrently sick and delaying treatment because idk what tf is going on and i'm already in so much debt from student loans
Was just recently reading an article about the student loan debt of the avg pharmacy grad.  There is no way I would do that again.
Best of luck to you!
thanks and you too!
It's better to be bankrupt than dead. Bankruptcy lasts 10 yrs on record dead is forever.
And what about Bernie and the democrats trying to repeal and replace Obamacare themselves?
Any suggestions? My Senators ( Md) Van Hollen & Cardin are on board.. would it help to call others? Tweet? Any key prospects?
@judystrollo  @itsAddie_  @JWKeady
Hurry.  Please do.
DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY CHILDREN WILL BE HURT BY THIS
They're going to bribing for that last horrid vote!!! This is a f*cking nightmare!
We can make this happen.  Put the pressure to the politicians

Unfortunately one probably already flipped @SenJohnMcCain McCain is going back on his word.  He said Regular Order/work with DEMS.
Possibly but we can't stop fighting, we have to keep at it until the very last second.
I will, but it's exhausting! I am so tired of being stressed over Health Care.  It's frustrating.
In the end the goal of any Republican healthcare plan, is to create a plan that closely resembles No Plan. I know and you know it. 
They have the votes thank God bye obamacare.
Let's get to work! #MedicareForAll is the fight we must all engage in. Please join us! Everyone! Our lives depend on it! Our right to live.
It won't pass now, so focus on saving ACA.
I thought the lady time was their last chance. We are all exhausted
Put the numbers up
The dems already ruined healthcare
They all need to hold their damn horses and let it be done the way it should be done.With CBO scores, questions,fixing parts that are wrong.
Why are they rushing through something that will hurt, possibly kill many many Americans just to end ACA? It doesn't make make sense.
Gotta kill the Black Man's Legacy, bc the psychotic racist rage is eating their guts...
So sick of having to beg our government not kill it's citizens. No more gop should be elected anywhere ever!
I would like to see pictures of all the dead bodies littering the streets before the debacle ACA was adopted. Liberal noise is getting old!!
I don't have pics of dead bodies.  How about pic of my daughter's TEN MILLION $$ medical bill from 18 brain surgeries.
Okay show us that.
Yeah.... Cause you know... Obamacare is just working out sooooooooooooooooooo good
You'd rather go back to the bad old days? Pre-existing conditions, $20K annual deductible?
He'd rather kill a black man's legacy, simply bc it offends his delicate sense of propriety.
My healthcare was ruined in 2010. Where were you then?
Ppl that say this, usually didn't have healhcare and are mad because they had to get some.
Me? I have ALWAYS had health insurance because it has always been important to me.
Ppl don't realize that life can change in the blink of an eye.  Lose your job, lose your insurance.  No one should die due to no $$.
I know. I'm self-employed and have cancer. Self-employed well before cancer. Been responsible for my own insurance for a long, long time.
We must #KillTrumpCare once and for all!
Our healthcare has already been ruined, thanks obama
Healthcare is all ready ruined.
I've called, emailed and tweeted.
That's what we were told the last time.Truth is trump will get his trumpcare.He is a fascist dictator & they get their way until ousted
So weary of this.  10 yrs.  did the phones
@SophiaBush could follow your asshole logic and let O'Care implode by itself.
My healthcare is pretty awful anyway.
They said it was their LAST chance LAST time.  They are determined to kill poor people.
Now that #MAGA is the slogan / the rich r kicking poor ones out the door again https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdPSQDKXy0s … #noGrahamCassidy #ProtectOurCare #ACA
They won't stop. They've been trying to undo it for how many years now...? and at the cost of...??  It's pathetic.
My healthcare was ruined in 2010.
Obama already ruined mine.
Call your Senators today! Then call again! I am also calling my Governor here in AZ, since he is supposedly supporting "trumpcare"! #saveACA
How many LAST chances are there?
"Ruin"
My Health Care was already ruined 8 years ago, you sycophant... and you don't give a shit about that
Don't let them do it.
Ahhh.... so they're trying to make our healthcare actually affordable again? Fingers crossed.
How is this their last chance? Don't they do this every few months?
No. They'll have plenty more.
When you hear politicians referring to "block grants," it means cuts to Medicaid. MOST nursing home residents are on that very Medicaid!!
How is this their last chance ? Won’t they just keep coming and coming ? We already know they have no pity or remorse...

This is a two tier thread now !  What healthcare does, doesn't and what if Cassidy Graham ... https://twitter.com/pierremwest/status/910012341458276352 …
Best place to call if from a Dem state? Dem senators, or out of state GOP Sens?
How can you present such a phony bill don't you know that Donald Trump is nothing but a con man charlatan who's trying to make a deal/steal
be specific
12 days now we know why Trump cozy upped dems, don't fall for it Pelosi and Schumer you know it's only one of Trump's scam negotiations-con
But I thought last time was the last chance. Back to the phone I go!
Lose focus, lose your healthcare.
@ktoddhouston they just did. McCain said he would support of AR Governor does
"if"
Save ACA @SenatorDurbin @SenDuckworth
Save #Obamacare and #TheLastAmericanDream  #NaziTrump's #KKK N.Korean #climatechange Russian Nightmare
Light them up!! Call / or .@botresist

Text RESIST to 50409 and Resistbot will help you contact your officials and send faxes to them
If they care about veterans they'll vote no
Wasn't last time the last chance?
What happened with Cassidy's lie of the Jimmy Kimmel test? This bill certainly doesn't meet and is a rush job with no CBO score.
Trump wins again

Mine has already been ruined.  The previous 8 years saw my rates quadruple.
Done and doing.
It's time to remind everyone about @realDonaldTrump and Healthcare. He has no soul.
Do you wonder about how @realDonaldTrump could cut off healthcare to millions and not give a damn? He has no soul.  http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/what-sort-of-man-is-donald-trump …
LOUDER
Are we going to be able to see a CBO score on this?
Let's hope that all the Thank You Senator signs across Arizona will remind @SenJohnMcCain to stay #thumbsdown.
ACA already ruined it!
"This is their last chance" that's what everyone said last time.
Ok, I read up a little on this bill and it doesn't really do much except push the process and the money to the states.
Is it? Do we know for sure it's their for real last chance?

sinking feeling, it'll pass this time

Donald Trump says Universal Healthcare is necessary to make America Great Again @SenSanders #MedicareForAll Retweet!! 
#DNC get on board - Who else can we mark off the list???
Yes...repeal and do nothing else!   Get govt out of healthcarecsnd bedrooms!
Too late the aca already ruined it.
I've been listening. I'm awake.
It only takes a minute to call - 202-224-3121. I've told my rep's if they vote for it, I'll gladly campaign 4 their opponents.
I've called the offices of 32 reps & senators & will be calling more tomorrow. Come on everybody - HELP!
Please keep calling your elected Officials.
Because ObamaCare is so wonderful

ALERT! Trump and Republicans are now trying AGAIN to repeal Obamacare and replace it with nothing, taking coverage away from up to 32M Amecn
If they took away healthcare from millions, the same politicians would still try to completely dismantle the issues  that help people.
Please do something. $500/MO for just me a healthy man, for horrible coverage and $6500 deductible makes no sense. Or heavy fines. 
Before ACA I paid $1100/mo for ME..a retired, healthy woman.  So don't blame ACA.  Blame the insurance companies.
I'll try but one of my senators is an author of the legislation & the other does what he's told to do by the GOP. Yeah f*&%ked.
These guys are like zombies. You can't kill them. I thought they were going to work with Dems for a decent healthcare bill
Who are the senators that voted no before, that are voting yes now??? Also who should we laser focus our calls to???
If you are in a southern state does your call count?
How many 'last chances' do they get? was #DACA traded for #ACA by @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi when they met @POTUS - that would be WICKED
Called Sen. Flake R-NV and was told that he is a co-sponsor of the Graham-Cassidy bill. Said states should determine pre-existing coverage!
Seriously. Senators need to stand up for Americans. ALL of them! Now! We are already suffering from catastrophes.
WE THE PEOPLE should form groups that physically block GOP that vote against American's #Healthcare, from going to see THEIR DR ON OUR DIME!
NEWSFLASH MR. SCHATZ, YUR NOT ENTITLED TO MY INCOME ? FOR HEALTH CARE OR ANY THING ELSE.
Is it though? What stops them from trying again?
Hey @GOP, where is the bill that covers more people instead of eliminating coverage for those that need it most?#GrahamCassidy
Just called @robportman and asked that this bill be rejected and they focus on fixing the ACA.
Not their last chance. They will continue over and over until they suceed or are gone.
Both Dem & moderate Repub must be on board for this vote or Pence will JUMP IN & all will be LOST.
Think abt THAT-call UR Senators EVERYDAY
Please mention hr620 while you're there. Please I'm begging you 
You can also use resistbot.io to fax all your representatives. Text "resist" to 504-09... I'm NOT paid to say that, but am a happy user
We try in PA but @SenToomey isn't listening to his constituents
My healthcare was already ruined by Obamacare. This obviously no better. Both sides need to work together to get it right but they won't
IMHO Please call @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenAlexander @SenCapito #VoteNOGrahamCassidy -esp. without CBO impact score
I hope it never happened
Email and phone information for all US Senators https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ …  
I got straight through to Cruz' office. Said he has not released a statement for or against. Call (202) 224-5922 and press 0 for a staffer.
Same story with @JohnCornyn . Got straight through. Call (202) 224-2934 and press 3 for a staffer.
They said that last time.
Stop saying it's their last chance. It isn't. If it fails this time it will be back again.
Sadly i think people have stopped caring...
Obamacare is RUINED Healthcare.
Yassssssssss
@GOP doesn't have a healthcare plan, it's a death plan to kill the poor, disabled, elderly  & those with pre-existing conditions.
#Survivor2020 P/VP @KamalaHarris / @brianschatz ,or @SenSherrodBrown / @timkaine ,or @JerryBrownGov / @SenWarren Get the gang warmed up now.
Sir, @brianschatz would you consider running?
My healthcare is already ruined with skyrocketing prices and reduced choices. I hope Obamacare blows up!!!
Will do!
Tick-Tock...  Tick-Tock...  @SenJohnMcCain fulfill your campaign promise.
Repubs can just reach out to Bernie or someone like him and offer that person a nice expensive car. Easy vote to get.
#MoreCareNotLess #healthcarebill #GrahamCasiddy #RESIST

#Article25 #HealthCareIsAHumanRight #MedicareForAll 

http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ …
GOP decision to try to repeal demonstrates their fury at the Trump-Pelosi-Schumar meeting.
Sadly, I don't think there are three Republicans who care if we have healthcare or die because we don't.  #GrahamCassidy @GOP
The federal government does not owe you healthcare or health insurance
Thank you @SenBookerOffice!

Yes
ACA ruined my healthcare along w/tripled my cost. ACA can't be repealed fast enough.
You guys keep saying that and they keep trying to find new ways to take away peoples healthcare
What's wrong with you?  I think you need help.
My Senator is a Dem voting no, who can I call?
That's what was promised last time. They're going to keep coming at us & we have to keep fighting back.
People tire of endless hyperbole. 2/
How long til the possibility of end of Repub majs? 13 months? Not "last chance" but very important to stop at EVERY CHANCE. 1/
#Resist
McCain looks like a flip, AZ governor came out in favor and he said he was going with that before 
We keep calling, we keep hounding, we flip them back. And we vote these bastards out. It ain't over until it's over.
Oh please let 'em.

The number posted is a fax. I called.
Is the GOP assuming that 11/06/2018 will be an anti-Republican tsunami, thus they need to pass all the unpopular stuff while they can?
Is it their last chance or just their next chance? Won't they just keep trying again and again?
Right. 50 plus Pence
Pray,because both of my senior are trump supporters. Sen. Cassidy and Sen. Kennedy so pray for me.

should I call my senators?
It's done. Mccain is flipped
We keep saying that, but they keep coming back with second verse, worse than the first.
BERNIE WORKS TO BURY DEMOCRATS‘ EFFORTS TO
SAVE THE ACA

 https://twitter.com/ohenryhernandez/status/909816537376157697 …

 https://twitter.com/ohenryhernandez/status/909824411812818944 …

 https://twitter.com/ohenryhernandez/status/909828778150342656 …
how is it their last chance? they're gonna keep doing this shit forever lol
How is it their 'last chance'?
Well they can't loose any votes either.
Probably will have it when Menendez is convicted
ALL those APPLAUDING Spicer NEED 2 Make Calls 1st!
I sincerely hope those who are going to loose their Healthcare listen to BrianChatz. Call, write, make appt. for "eyeball"
conf. with R&D.
I called and texted. #Easy #SaveACA
This exhausting...we're hitting the panick button every month on something. No end in sight, either.
As it has been the last 3 times.
I appreciate all you do, hard work and effort, but it's a huge undersell to say "ruin your healthcare" - this will KILL people!
@LindseyGrahamSC Taking Medicaid funds from the sickest. No preexisting protections. All to pay for your goddam tax cuts! Pigs! Hypocrites!
We thought the last time was the last too. It's like one of those horror movie villains that just won't die.

Call, call, and call again
BTW 
 What Should Republicans do About PPACA 
 http://un-thought.blogspot.com/2017/01/what-should-republicans-do-about-ppaca.html …
Ruin whose healthcare? Seems a bit hyperbolic to me. And BTW: Health Insurance Might not be Good for Everyone 
http://un-thought.blogspot.com/2017/06/healhcare-might-not-be-good-for-everyone_30.html …
