We all witnessed your "fighters" pulling down statutes & using a hate crime to excuse their own hateful criminal behavior.  You instigate.
When you get hung or shot for being black come talk to us.. Until then. The statute needed to come down #blackarefreenow in case u was sleep
Blacks have been free for hundreds of years...those statues did nothing and if you knew your history you would support the president!
Michelle, don't bother, these people don't know history and why most statues were erected to begin with. It would require education.
Michelle and Selene. Both you you can go play some where else. Your losing ur fight. The statues are coming down everyday. Hahahahahahahahaa
No Robyn, should hatred & ignorance prevail by removing historical statues, that is simply the beginning of destroying a free society.
It's a symbol of hatred. And you should not want it in the Americas that WE live in
The Statues are there for history. Go check the history of why the statues were placed to start. Then come back and post. We don't erase.
Can you say the same?
Funny shit. #BLM isnt a black KKK. Its because cops are killing unarmed black men. Common fucking sense. Stop killing black men mr officer
It's sad you think this is funny. All these groups promote violence. There is never a justification for violent protest/rioting. Period.
Go to their website and repost what violence they promote? I think u guys promote cops killing blacks..u don't want justice.
#blacklivesmatter does not promote violence at all..  We do not walk with bats or torches burning. We dont yet go home Honkey or other names
You are part of the problem establishment leading this country ,I hope all of you politicians lose your seats to real Americans.
Real Americans don't take up for white nationalist spewing out hate or beating up blacks sir
When has President Trump spewed hatred or beat up blacks?
And 5 white nationalist beat up a black. It was caught by a journalist.
That was not trump and as soon as antifa decided to pick the fight using pepper say and baseball bats...THEY escalated it.
Did he EVER give condolences for that girl? That wasnt off a script?
He sure did...on the day it happened.
I just researched it. He tweeted it. Good for him.
What were you just saying about "love"?  Listen to the HATE you are spreading !! We the people voted for PRESIDENT TRUMP!! Stand by him!!
You work for "we the people! " start acting like it!! Do your job! ! Stand by our President Trump! ! Shame on you HATERS! !
America deserves better.  We must demand it, be vocal about it and not stop until we get it!#RESIST
Other than Tweet, what else will you do to fight?
.@CoryBooker 2020
we will.
Fight we will!
So the riots were only jack Nazis... they had to fight with someone...BLM should have stayed away....they was looking for a riot
Now Trump is being blamed for the racial divide, as if it didn't exist before him, I beg to differ, it's people like Mr. Booker driving it
As I said as the collusion loses steam, the thing you can always fall back on is racism , as long as it keeps you angry, it's working
We cannot surrender to the left extremists.
No matter what our president says you will bash him.Hey, Obama didn't care what we thought,don't expect trump to play your game!
Cory Booker for POTUS?! The new American revolution?
What you mean is we are against the white people in the country. That's hate speech. Is alright for you to hate? Wake up & be an American.
What can we do, besides call our reps? We need a leader.

Our Country Needs Help, we're in "critical" condition, our faith in the government is quickly diminishing, as we watch Republicans allow it
You speak of morals, yet you wanted black people to support Hillary Clinton, a woman who has no morals to speak of !
fight the poverty, crime, and ignorance in your back yard...tour camden...
Your choice of words encourages violence
With respect,words are great.Action is better.#IMPEACHMENTNOW
Lol whackos
INDEED WE MUST........
2020 RUN

Call for impeachment!
On what ground?
Trump is right both sides were wrong.....BOTH...
Senator Booker, what do we do?  I have called me congressmans/senators office asking for impeachment. We need guidance!  What do we do?
We are all waiting and watching..We wish you the best...but please do something..
Your A Pathetic HRC Supporter!You are
a Delusional Liberal http://Lunatic.You  Lost &
We Won & All Of You Have been trying to
Undo It!!
We do fight! Been fighting since before the election & every day since. We need the help that matters the most.
Senator #Blacks are the lost children taken by #Democrats off the shores of Africa and there is no question about who we are; keep promise.
What the hell are you talking about?
A Stockholm knight who hasn't a clue about #Black history!
You want us to go against our POTUS for saying that both sides were at fault for the violence in VA? Typical baiter and divider!
What do you expect from a Muslim brotherhood member.  He has to degrade Trump and defend his master OVOMIT the evil one
Thank you for your leadership! @corybooker
We elected him in!!!! Get over yourself!!!!
Senator @CoryBooker, it's one thing to tweet and another to do. We, the rest of America are looking to our elected officials to act. Please.
What's our path to back to some sense of normalcy? This is an insane state and we must regain our sanity. This regression cannot stand man!

Ignorance is bliss
STOP YOUR HATE!!! LOVE YOUR COUNTRY AND WORK WITH OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP! !YOU ARE WRONG DEMOCRATIC PARTY! !

POLL: 

…
This is undoubtedly the right question — how we answer it will determine the fate of our nation.
WE are fighting. The Dems put Trump in office. You're a crook. Bye.
U ppl are insane. If the country ever falls to the ideals the libs want, u will sorely regret it. Not a pretty picture. Look at history
Maybe it's time to divvy the nation up between D's and R's.The gap is so wide now only an act of God can mend it.   The hate is so palpable
Even that won't pacify that far right crowd...they'd much rather have it all, or fight to the death,they're just that ignorant. 
As soon as we all realize that this is a by-product of a nation who has turned its back on God, the sport we can turn it around and heal.
we have been - and Hillary won by 3M votes and he still got in...
Have you ever heard of electoral college knucklehead!! She lost he won get over it!!!
Lol, Hillary lost, massively. Have a glance at the electoral college map. It was a complete wipeout !!!!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha LOSER !
Trump troller BLOCKED
Tell us how to fight? Call people in Congress again?

I did agree he's the best thing happening to us right now our country needs him
So you have now admitted that you are supporting those outsiders who come to "rallies" to fight. Interesting.
Trump doesn't have a racist bone in his body & has consistently spoke against racism & hate his entire life. Stop being brainwashed fools.
We need to do away with the electoral college. It did not do its job.
What specifically are you going to do?
Write, call, donate, and protest!
I was addressing Mr Booker
breathe.
Thank you. 
The only way to fight is to #ImpeachTRUMP and remove him from office. we beg our elected officials to do their job & remove the hate regime.
#25thamendment now #impeachTrump Unfit, nazi, treasonous sociopath
#ImpeachTrump now #25thamendment Remove the racist, nazi, treasonous, AntiAmerican, SOCIOPATH now #SaveAmerica
seek the truth. stop the hate. remover the racist nazi sociopath from he White House #blocked
Then LEAD the fight. Get back to D.C. Grab the gavel and start proceedings! #ImpeachTheBigot
Count me in senator Booker!
There is no question of who you are! You are a liar that will do anything to smear Trump to push your socialist agenda.
Who is encouraging violence? We just want a peaceful n quick impeachment process. Its in the Constitution.
Call for impeachment!
When is there going to be any action? He is obviously unfit to lead nation, so when is something going to change? Talking isn't working.
All they do is talk. Dems need a moderate candidate or 2020 will be worse than 2016.
We don't have that long to wait.
Unless the Republicans wise up, im afraid we have to wait 
There is nothing we can do b/c @realDonaldTrump is using TRUE CONSTITUTIONAL POWER - SCARY isn't it - @JohnJHarwood @RWPUSA @tamaraholder
Hi Sen Booker. I remember your father from back in the day. You are a pro. Keep doing what you're doing. Let's terminate Trump out the WH..
You don't have a say. The American ppl do. They said Trump last Nov.
Yes!!!!
Amen, Senator! I am with you!
yes
Exactly -  is in serious danger
No need to keep proving DJT is unfit.
Action is required - GOP have the ability, NOT Acting NOT a Option.
Blah blah blah.  Ugh. Blah blah blah
YES!!!!
Meanwhile, back in 1999 Trump is honored for a lifetime of helping African American Communities

#WednesdayWisdom 
https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/897620751292833792/video/1 …
Meanwhile @JessJackson has forgotten all the support @realDonaldTrump gave them. He is not / never been #Racist. It's just a left narrative.
Just keep the hate going Mr. Booker-
We MUST NOT SURRENDER AMERICA to the left , Democrats like @CoryBooker
My suggestion is to give all the left leaning crazies a one-way ticket to N Korea!
Here's your tiki torch. You're late for a klan meeting.
@Raargh666 no torch needed here stay away from the flame I'd hate to see you melt!
Snowflake don't melt
Ok. Here's a challenge. Correctly answer your own question in 140 chars.  I only need one word: Divided.  Try to beat that.
If you can't then you have no business asking that question. Commonfolk like me are watching everything fall down around them and
people like you think it's fine to spout "profound" bs and think it's ok.  I'm a black centrist.  Both sides want me gone for the virtue
of my color and/or political beliefs.  So answer this question better than a centrist can. "Profound" philosophical bullcrap on
social media will solve nothing.
Careful fella. The left got all fever pitched listening to obama's rhetoric like that, you saw that result.  I ain't a statue.
Here Here. Corey Booker in 2020!!!!
Bet he can do anything better than you and D bag trump
feels like 45 is holding us all hostage.
I have to protect my private area.
Lmao
Censor and then impeach
America put Trump in office, deal with it.
Whatever
Another call for violence by Cory Booker. Take your scourge, hatred and violence to Newark, the town you left the armpit of NJ. Resign now
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow #ImpeachOrResign
Right behind you
YOU must also fight corporate domination of govt by refusing to take money for votes against the interest of American public
U need 2 ck ur morals 1st, b4 u sweep another mans porch!
Fight what? Here's some ideas.  Let fight raging #BlackonBlack violence/murder that consumes young lives in Democrat-run major cities.
@swingleft censure. Now.
I'm afraid this might end up in another civil War.
I think that has already begun
You're going to need to be a little more specific, Senator.
Please @CoryBooker, be a real fighter against Trumpism and d not take any money from BigPharma anymore. Agree??
#trumpMustGo
So fight. Remove him. That is your power as a congressman
YOU WILL LOOSE BIG LEAGUE!
Will you file articles of #Impeachment?
Come on Cory.... you CAN do this!
real talk!
And we know what is dayghter is, too. We are just quibbling with the price. Ho Down. #ImpeachDonaldTrump  #pimpdaddy
CORY- lead CONGRESS TO INVOKE ARTICLE 25- take out trump for incompetence
This is the time we need @SenateDems to lead. @POTUS is unfit to serve. Bring the senate to a halt until all Nazis are purged from WH.
Nazis? White house? Last I checked, a disgusting group of people legally obtained a permit to spout off..nazis (antifa) picked a fight
You promote violence. Trump is YOUR president. Keep fighting and resisting instead of working together for America. You will be voted OUT!
Word. Now DO SOMETHING. As your constituent, I beg you to stop tweeting and start actually fighting, PLEASE.
A US Senator encouraging fighting and not surrendering?  Are you calling for a civil war @CoryBooker ? That would not be good  smh
This is the asshole who instigates VIOLENCEThe left has been engaged in war on America since the 60's. @TheDemocrats @SenateDems #MAGA
Sedition...impeach and try booker
You're a coward
I am so very frustrated with the POTUS. Each day, it gets pathetically worse. What is being done in Washington to protect the ppl's rights?
We must resist and record and shame.  Everyone has to face their families, friends and coworkers.  Everyone must be held responsible.
Another democrat promoting, justifying violencefight what exactly? Trying to fix healthcare & infrastructure, more jobs, better economy
Great job Cory! Keep inviting violence. "We must fight".can't make this up. Dem idiots say the right is violent and they literally tweet it.
You are right, he is the President of the USA, who has been under constant attack since election day.  Shame on you and your communist prop.
As a child of the 50s/60s I cried about the race riots. I am 62 now crying with anger toward Trump. He is the cause and Rebublicans cowards.
Start from Washington monuments, then burn some books
@pdacosta Waiting ...
File impeachment papers please.
Corey, will you condem Antifa or BLM for their violent actions. Why did they bring bats if they werent looking to fight?
@realDonaldTrump you will be removed & this great country will move forward without you h your alt right crap #resist #Remove
I'm afraid our POTUS Trump won't respond to appeals to reason, Cory. He must be removed from office. #Article25 #ImpeachTrump
impeach trump now!!
But hurt steal? Wow you got it bad.... try not watching CNN may help
@realDonaldTrump  @CIA @FBI  Cory what are you implying people do when you tweet garbage like this?
Booker is a racist, it's fine when BLM beats the shit out of a kills white people.
Need @SenateDems to take some action, please. We can't have #NazisInTheWhiteHouse 
@POTUS is a racist sociopath. He's destroying USA.
Why can't you talk about this ?
At least you don't have Trudy in charge. Trump is treating the U.S. like a company and wants it to grow main news only lie about Trum
It's hilarious how you act. Promoting violence against a president who literally condemned hatred.
Are you insane?
Amen! If no one in the White House or GOP will speak truth to power, reason to ego, integrity to ignorance, WE the people must!
The Republican r supporting by not say r doing anything get the D joker Tramp out of the people's House being quite don't make u free blame
Stand up. Please declare you will run against him in 2020. Give democrats a voice that resonates.
You got a vote. Change it. Hold the @GOP accountable. Call them. Or call them out.  He was always incompetent and a racist.  #ImpeachTrump.
Are you as big a cry-baby as you seem? Do you know how to BUILD, or only how to destroy? Have you nothing of substance to offer? #fail #tcot
This is the problem with the left
TELL ME HOW YOU WILL BRING JOB NOT WAR AND TEAR USA DOWN AND PUT US IN DEBT USE Up tax $
Then 20trill debt
This is his strategy.  It needs to stop
With all due respect, millions of us r fighting everyday. DEMs & GOP need to work together and find US a viable leader. POTUS imploding. #25
#ImpeachTrump Our POTUS is unhinged. please help us!
I'm afraid. I don't know what to do.
You've been reported to @SecretService for inciting violence
25th Amendment now.

Parties changed a lot along the way. Read your history
I lived thru it. I know real history from fake history. Nice try.
What garbage? Great economy, low unemployment. "It's the economy, stupid! "
Thanks Obama!
Great. So Obama is also responsible for the massive reduction in illegal immigration and pulling out of the Paris accord. #winning
We must impeach. America has lost much in the last seven months.
#ImpeachTrump #impeachTrumpnow
2/#TRUMPSTATE Is Guilty of Sponsoring&Fomenting Alt-Right Hate #FIREGorkaMillerBannonNOWREAD. ACT. RT. URGENT CTA~>http://www.twitlonger.com/show/n_1sq3vg2 
Are you calling for a violent #coup?  To overthrow our elected #POTUS. Just what @HillaryClinton said would happen.
You must speak louder. This is the time you need to be on TV (even Faux) to defend what is moral & right. #Booker2020
Please lead us out of his hell
you all must stand up and disavow him as a nazi white nationalist neo nazi sympathsizer and start the process of impeachment
You all are hypocrites, that's who you are!
Dude how as the people we have no vouce your own q
Fight??How about fighting to get you out. YOU DID NOTHING FOR NEWARK ,NJ!!DRUGS,SHOOTINGS EVERYDAY!Just LIKE CHICAGO SO 
You love him.
Big Pharma Phony Cory
How, where is our leadership? Lead us!
#ImpeachTrump
Yeah, no. He was elected to rescue us from obama

I feel bad for the state of New Jersey, how can our own government not be informed about our president and let MSM brainwash them?
The 67% republicans that approve of his actions need to go as well, they are just as toxics! What do that say about the Republican Party?
Exactly. The world has seen Trump's true colours. And only 9 senators named him in criticism. Can US rise above this ?
ALL God's children! Not just white children!
You've lost your damn mind! @FBI shld arrest you for treason or gather your passport & leave. We aren't your play dough bro
#TrumpTrain
The question is are you a coward? Know this it will mean civil war if PRESIDENT Trump is removed based upon lies.
Language inciting the overthrow of the US Govt is criminal. RETRACT. #secretservice
Please help lead the charge to end this travesty of a presidency.  He is a disgrace to his office and this country.
Where are the rest Of your colleagues  on this issue? Or are they still supporting The Racist Neanderthal that occupies The White house
Wake up BLACK America...this fool is USING & LYING to u. Why? Job security. If we aren't divided, Cory serves no purpose.
#PAYATTENTION !!!!
Where are Republicans. You have no say
We sure the heck are not going to give it to the left. As you can see how it worked out for us. I will take Trump over anyone on the left.
http://thereadingcircleblog.blogspot.com/2017/08/i-would-rather-see-hateful-hearts.html#.WZOsCFV96Uk …
Hello Cory, is like to meet with you and offer my self to volunteer on any project you may have, I thank you for your hard work #blockchain
RESIGN
Trump is a symptom of American dysfunction. Maybe if people had jobs and could afford their meds they'd be less angry.
Please keep fighting
This American experiment called #DonaldTrump has failed. Time to #MakeAmericaRightAgain
Well you have at it. Most of you lefties are afraid of guns and the rest can't figure out which bathroom to use. Should be a over real fast.
Please provide concrete suggestions. Because I am remembering what happens to Fascist leaders
If you want a fight, you'll have one. Condemn violence on the left and right, or you're abetting the alt right yourself!
Dude how yall are use sensless uneducated citzens to do your dirty work do your own booker
Sick of the dam high & mighty arrogance/moral authority to judge the pres. when NONE OF U DAM LEFTIST made a peep about Antifa/BLM

Honey...the ONLY ones doing the "beating" (on old people ) seem to be you domestic terrorists..
