please tell us how we can help most effectively.
well you may have started by asking me booker why we can't get drugs from Canada for half price?
YOU DON'T GET IT YET... DO YOU? Trump is our President.. you are nobody to us. We voted... now we must vote U out.
so sly you do not care about our air, our climate, our kids, our future?  We need MORE Mr. Booker's.
LOL
I take that as a big No!  People like you are the problem.  Get informed, look outside the box of your own reality
LOL... no vision I understand you. factory defect
Trump is frantically trying to burn the life raft the rest of us are struggling to build...
It's like people don't realize that when Earth goes kaput, it's taking ALL of us with it.
. Actually, Earth will remain, but WE ALL will perish!
True. The world will belong to cockroaches, who're probably the only species capable of surviving.
and fleas!
Fleas need warm blooded animals to live on.  Unfortunately i'm not sure if they'll make it.
fleas are very adaptable... They'll adapt to live off the roaches.. A fitting fate for both
outrageous... we'll be cleaning up his messes for a generation if the first week is any indication
How?  How do you resist when he is just steamrolling along with this dictatorship. It is beyond frightening. Media blackouts?
@cavegirljones These @GOP #fuckwits don't seem to think they're on the same planet as everyone else!! Unbelievable
Stop taking corporate money!
https://medium.com/@elisacatrina/dont-let-leftist-cannibal-logic-devour-cory-booker-ce157c0ce4f3#.8l2daku39 …
Nope, there is no defending him.
Why consider nuance and logic when you can have a knee-jerk reaction & burn natural allies at the stake? /s
Knee- jerk would assume that I haven't taken a real good look at Cory Booker and his BS.
#StopBooker
Trump and his administration are insane. Seriously. What as citizens is our most effective response?  #Resist
a pink pussy hat? Lol
What is disturbing is that he believes that 3 million people illegally voted, but doesn't believe in climate change.....OMG!
not sure if you just saw his meeting with business leaders.  He rambled incoherently about repealing 75% of regulations...
...this is going to be a disaster for the planet.  Please stand up and fight him every step of the way!
oh my god everbody freak out and do something to stop this out of control madman! YES... I sound ridiculous!
how? Please guide us here.
run for president
U.S should be expect major sanction for the international community if Trump eliminate the climate action plan.
knock yourself out. resist away.
I'm serious- I am your constituent, is an opposition tweet enough? Is there an online form? Who do I call? We need real actions
Most effective Call, write, email your legislators and those leading an action. Sign petitions. All show numbers.
ass
. Yes. Resist like Benjamin Franklin
UNNECESSARY? Have you seen any pictures of Bejing lately? This isn't fog, or Photoshop, @realDonaldTrump .
block Sessions.  He is a bigot and doesn't believe in LGBTQ rights. Another old white man.
not
"Resist" is the new "we can't do shit, and OUR policies suck." @CoryBooker
never trust a politician long live TRUMP
Can the EPA Page on Climate change be archived quickly?
Yes! Taking away money is going to stop efforts to help with climate change!
I can't wait to drink dirty poluted h2o breathe dirty air and eat poisonous food.
As well if Trump cut funds to the preservation of the planet and to fight global warming.
so go find Chuck Schumer give him a spine and get on it you are our pitbull
I'm sure climate change will disappear if we just ignore it.
We look forward to eliminate this conspiration theory of climate change. We do question obama's authority.
my last company had to hire a department to make sure we were up to compliance with all the regulations handed down to us.
Burden regulations that help keep the air clean so we can breathe without face masks!
you don't really need to resist. The science isn't under a consensus, and to bilk Americans for it is well...unfair & dumb.
tell me what to do
Senator Booker tweeting about it will do nothing what else are you going to do? You guys need to start fighting back.
@MikeLevinCA. Oh lighten up...I love drinking dirty water and holding my breath!
that paragraph has kept me sleepless for days! But how do we oppose? I know their burden is not making more $.  #GreedOverGreen
re:climate action. If we must resist... tell us what to do
How do we resist ? How do we stop trump from eliminating Climate Action Plan?
,GOOD!! @CoryBooker HELP him pass this!!!
u have 2 trillion in regulation, ur not fixing anything with the money. Ur stealing people's money, ur robbing them
is Trump blind look at all the destruction this weekend
@Michele_Wyatt66 like you resisted for helping with cheaper medications because you're being paid by Big Pharma??
It's the easy way to put people back to work. What are you doing to help with putting quality living for families up front?
tRump is only in it for personal gain, benefit & revenge. He is violating his oath and the Constitution. This madness must stop.
that's what he was voted in to do.....there is no plan to stop nature
Next time run a candidate who can actually beat Trump.
Thank you for resisting! A people's right to clean air and water is one of the most basic human rights.
Profits 1st= TRUMPISM
ur 20 trillion in debt. U need to become wealthy first. That will cost billions
I hope the administration realizes that there won't be a planet to expand our energy industry in if they repeal the climate plan
THIS is WHY we March!
ready, set... how much money can we make in 4 years with no regulations?  GO!  #notmypresident #theswampthickens
I stand with you #StandUpResist
With you! I'd like to see someone go after specifics:  What's so burdensome? Who gets the wage increases?
amateur.   UR an expert racist though
you must educate yourself &  unit our country. Stop all your divisions Mr. Booker, your mad you didn't win. Country before party
How do we do that?
...
thats what you get when you supercede Congress, CORY..the President doesnt make laws..YOU are supposed to!  PASS A LAW BOOKER!
it's as good as gone......there are consequences for losing elections 
........right t-bone?
I support the resistance.   Impeach Trump for being a deplorable.
WOTUS was Obama's EO, so Trump can eliminate it. Read what happened with farmers having irrigation ponds on their land
Senator,  please do everything in your power to fight for our environment.  We ,need to leave something for our grandchildren.
this is so scary we must protect our planet!
...
America first? REALLY??
Am I overreacting or was that the slogan of an American Anti-Semitic group from the 30's???
chicken little mentality is not a sane position. Demagogue
Global Warming is a Job Killing Hoax.  Glad our new President is cutting that waste of money off.  Yahoo!
Tell us what needs to b done.  do not want the pres. 2strip away regulations designed to protect environment. What is the oppo action plan?
So much to keep track of. Thank you and your staff for working hard on every issue.
I can tell Trumps never been outside his golden walls. There r still rivers in eastern US suffering from pollutions effects.
YES! #ClinstrControlHosx NOW HISTORY  It's called #Weather & #Seasons EPA used it as personal $$$
Let's see some results. To date, the Dems have done 0 to stop this fascist agenda
Let's Gooooooo........ 2020 !!!
Boob
.@CoryBooker Representative Mike Pompeo, confirmation as CIA Director complete. Another Democrat #FacePlant
agreed
Of all the things I've seen the Trump admin put out, that one scared me the most.  As if they don't have to live on Earth too.
please do something to stop this man
Ready to fight. Lead the way Senator. Thanks in advance for your leadership.
I'm resisting with you!  Our planet depends upon it.
@cordes_susan 
Is there a Republican in the Senate or House who supports climate change? Get on the stick! Please!
Man made climate change is big government, big business power grab. The sun is the main culprit so tax it, control it 
please tell us why the elimination of said act would be harmful.  How have they helped us so far?
@ClimateReality  we sell invisible trees to fight man made up climate change.
http://invisibletrees.com 
at least we know you are not in the oil companies pockets. Just Big Pharm.
You Just lost me as a fan Cory Booker.  On second thought, you lost me when you made your idiotic comments before congress!!!!!
so....what are we going to drink?
he is going to kill our children and their children too.
Scott Pruitt has sued the EPA 14 times lobbying for the oil companies in Oklahoma
hope you & Menendez will be voting against Scott Pruitt. The 19 that lost their lives in that horrible storm are watching
Cory must have gotten a quote book handout from Citibank or 1 of his wall street peeps.Hillary looks like R Nadar compared 2 u
@SenatorCantwell @PattyMurray important to WA and the world
please block Jeff Sessions by every and tactics you as a Senator has. Please
Cow burps are destroying the planet huh.
I've got my campaign signs ready to go for you Sir...
BOOKER 2020
Cut The Crap! You lie Climate Change is a HOAX!
need to take state measures to counter Trump crap, create coalition of FreeStates to support humanrights equality  environment
The people who are insane are you haters!
@PattyArquette 
I guess breathing, eating & drinking are "overrated" in light of businesses making money.

@123SLG like you resisted providing healthcare?
Can you post this on your fb pg so I can share over there.. Ppl are very upset today esp hearing the Medicaid block thing.. TY
we should do what Arnold says in this video to all climate deniers 
https://video.search.yahoo.com/video/play;_ylt=A2KIo9VFh4ZY_GYAXxa5mWRH;_ylu=X3oDMTByNDY3bGRuBHNlYwNzcgRzbGsDdmlkBHZ0aWQDBGdwb3MDNQ--?p=Arnold+schwarzenegger+Climate+Change&vid=cfea280f1428ebb15f57b8e4196d6e18&turl=https%3A%2F%2Ftse2.mm.bing.net%2Fth%3Fid%3DOVP.Vefbba9ef4e05dc30c5e23a063148f93b%26pid%3D15.1%26h%3D169%26w%3D300%26c%3D7%26rs%3D1&rurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3D98zm-AGmckE&tit=Arnold+Schwarzenegger+Important+Message%21&c=4&h=169&w=300&l=91&sigr=11b6b2rvb&sigt=118gqs39b&sigi=132hhs42s&age=1478033438&fr2=p%3As%2Cv%3Av&fr=ipad&tt=b …
because he wants him and his friends to profit from oil and gas...INSANE
seems he eliminating anything that makes him think.
I've realized we can resist all we want.we can call every senator,rep but the GOP is hell bent on ruining our lives.This will go 2 court
I'm afraid you're probably right.
I don't want 2 b.but that's what I see.if u dont have a compassionate,intelligent,honorable public servant,he wont care about the little ppl
And, unfortunately, our President seems to be the antithesis of what you describe.
Absolute and total antithesis.hes immoral,self serving,megalomaniac who shouldn't possess the nuclear codes.im legit afraid.
terrible - all GOP cares about is oil & big biz
Off this topic, but I was very disappointed in your vote on BigPharma.  This seemed against our best interests.
booker actually voted yes for wyden amendment to lower drug costs:
-- nice job worrying about the environment this weekend. The hypocrisy is mind blowing!
just like you resisted Medicine from Canada.Why didn't you approve it and amendment it later to address quality comcerns
Follow the Money
of coarse we can translate that to mean that trump is going to kill all the work to keep our water and air CLEAN......DDT
wow you guys seriously need to find a way to get this psycho out of power
I see he's already attacking the protection of American Indian land via the Dakota Pipeline, no surprise there. How do we fight?
sad to see but glad you agree. We need your help with this. What else can we do on our end?
a Resistor, Resist, Resist!!!
Ok ban Snow importing Winter Olympics and Air Con World Cups in Desert for your grandchildrens sake...#Qatar #Fifascum
@CoryBooker
Can we say the same thing about the #REINSAct. Far too much deregulation on vital safety programs.
the ppl that think we can destroy what God created. #puppets #noproofjusttheories be responsible but in bondage and fear.
there will be no hunting or fishing left. There will be no clean water for our children.does not care about every day Americans
PLEASE SCREAM THIS FROM THE TOP OF THE MOUNTAIN TOP!  USE YOUR VOICE-IT'S MORE POWERFUL THAN MINE.
so whats the plan?! What is this a dictatorship or a democracy, what is the move, what do I have to do???
Explain your no vote on affordable drug bill. Turning your back on American people.
he is so wrong. Wondering, has anyone made a list of items that trump has stated that the WE may agree?
like the way you resisted the gang violence in Newark? No thanks. Like the way you fixed Newark schools with 100 mill from FBK?
@HEINSLERJAN 
Will you urge The Intel Committee to subpoena Trump's Tax Returns? Please.
.@DenbrotS @CoryBooker @HEINSLERJAN Are you a tax attorney or CPA? Do you know what you are looking at or for?
I look 4Returns 2get into hands of experts.Trial lawyer employs expert consultants.Comm subpoenas!Not me
< WHY must we "resist"?  Bringing back jobs sounds very good to me...
good will they stop spraying that shit on us?
Please continue to resist our going backwards in dealing with climate change - save our world!
@SenBookerOffice Calling on Sen. Booker to oppose #RexTillerson NO ON EXXON #foreignrelationscommittee #ClimateAction #dirtyoil
HOP Congress trying to sell off lands of our National Parks.  What are we doing to stop this?
How?
@LisaF713 I'm with you
This is not on topic....but I'm devastated that you voted against limited big pharma...what's up with that?
We'll all be drinking poisoned water soon!
thank you. This is important. As well as voting no for Tillerson and Pruitt
thank you for fighting to help regulations in place
@juiceDiem What...?
@ShaneWatch Stop taking money from big pharma Cory!
"harmful" to whom?
@raven66612 Get up stand up stand up for your rights  !
WTF... they are deliberately try to kill us
.@CoryBooker @Mactwinau2 It has been 60 degrees for over a week in western Pennsylvania.  What the hell is wrong with these people????
@Chey1Sanders so why did all those women trash the streets and not clean up after themselves hypocrites
Idiotic statement!  So there wasn't trash after the (MUCH smaller) inauguration?
Grow up!
You're obviously a precocious child since intelligent adults don't communicate like that so this conversation is done
thank God
let's first shut down these nominations.
We must #Resist
no we don't it's all a bunch of crap.  Let's concentrate on jobs.
This is the end of the world as we know it. Our grandchildren will not know fresh air, clean water or a national park.
good! man made climate change is a hoax. The climate has always been changing. Mans role in it is negligible at best.
So what do we do? No one stopped him even though everyone knew he would destroy us!! Now we fight the biggest power in USA?!
good catalytic converters just slow my race cars down. Drift life yo
@SierraClub Incredible that anyone sees jobs as more important than the sustainability of the planet or the health of its people
how much would Love Canal cost us in today's dollars. A similar environmental disaster would cost far more than $30 billion.
people are going to be too sick to resist if they can't get affordable prescription drugs
LOL! I love watching the melt down on the left.
Trump & his admin are going to be so detrimental to our country & the world. Your voice & leadership are so important.
@Rece415 What's the plan? What do we do?
Corey what is the best action for us to take to defen this?
You're my Senator. I'd like you to know that I want to see Trump's tax returns, birth certificate ASAP. Please do what you can.
boo!!!!! What kind of planet is he leaving for Barron?

why not find out why it was done? Is that so hard instead of jumping to conclusions?!?
we should not eliminate Climate Action Plan, but reduce it to help us reduce our budget deficit
how about making our country safe and prosper again first?!? Otherwise there will be no reason for climate control
we need to reduce the budget deficit.
I agreed.
@keith_burrows wasn't plan to stop accelerating CO2 rise. Democratic Party like @GOP plans to sacrifice young. What's our plan?
Thank God.
Does this mean my VW is no longer a poluter?
it's a pointless bill don't defend it
please ask followers to sign! https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/immediately-release-donald-trumps-full-tax-returns-all-information-needed-verify-emoluments-clause-compliance …
very scary for the world as there is no time to lose with climate change. 2020 is way too late! Need to #resist now
The way you resisted against the pharmaceutical industry?
climate shifting is natural. We were worried about another ice age when I was young
Save God's earth! You cannot live with money alone!
why can't they make money off of clean alternative energy? I don't understand. LAZY. LAZY. LAZY.
@PattyArquette We all must fight for Mother Earth or we will all feel her heated wrath.  Even the disbelievers
please vote NO on Scott Pruitt. I am in your district.
