my oh my u liberals are regressing in intelligence. U just got your rears handed to you. AGAIN.  #MAGA
"handed to you" when it is a 50/50 tie that the VP has to break for the 1st time in history 4 cabinet position. Sounds close.
on 1 cabinet pick? Lolol
we new we couldn't stop it fool. We gave all the facts and the sheep followed their leader out of fear. Win win
lol. You're getting dogged. You don't protest Trump. You protest AMERICA. You're losing.
As founders intended. 1st Amendment of Constitution Freedom of Assembly. Our duty to protest to protect our Republic.
freedom? Liberals do everything to dismantle the Constitution. Not a care for the republic.
You couldn't be more wrong.
Putin's greatest dream would be a fractured USA, with the middle under his control. No.
He wouldn't need to invade. He'd own the red part.
He doesn't. That's conceding defeat, even as opposition to him is building.
Sure, just write off all the women in red states.
It shows how much evil is in this administration!



Aren't you tired of Oligarchy winning?
I doubt that he knows what an oligarchy is. Or for that matter anything with more than 6 letters
Democrats ARE the Oligarchy, and these people are voting for them. 
And another one who knows nothing. Please tell me what oligarchy means.
Obama and Hillary get their campaign funds from Hollywood, Silicon Valley, Wall Street, and Martha's Vineyard = oligarchy Wake 
Not worth the time bye bye
Run loser, run!
Now that's what a President looks and sounds like. Or should. Used to.
This is an outrage! #Devos knows about education as much as #Trump  knows about being a President, ZERO! NADA NOTHING UGH
Neither did Obama, he was in waaaaay over his head! And left a big mess to clean up to boot!
look @ his voting record as senator he voted for nothing voted present on his own bill
How about you and the rest of the #CongressionalBlackCuckolds start telling the truth once in a while.
Lied through your teeth on Ms DeVos, since you love school choice and Betsy DeVos. Do your job and confirm these picks!
@CoryBooker Man up and tell America why u r no longer 4 the same things  DeVos wants. What changed your mind your election
Hypocrite
I think instead of trying to convince people to be/vote Democrat we'd be better of rallying Democrats who did not vote
YOU WORKED WITH DEVOS ON SCHOOL CHOICE & SPK @ DEVOS EVENTS! TYPICAL DEM HYPOCRITE!
Poor @SenBookerOffice becomes more hypocritical every time he opens his mouth
You can support someone for one job and not the other.
it's just such a dumpster fire. I'm watching the destruction of civilization and our children's future
Thomas Edison "lost" over 6,000 times before he invented the light bulb.  We will never give up.
.@Mel_Ankoly @SenBookerOffice Thomas Edison didn't invent the lightbulb. I feel sad that I have to point this out for the 6000th time.
He invented the first practical incandescent light bulb.
.@Mel_Ankoly Wrong again. Edison improved on previous designs by discovering a filament that made the lightbulb practical for domestic use.
Yes, that's what scientists do.  Fact: he invented the first light bulb that was practical for commercial use.
Your hypocrisy is stunning! Not the first time either and surely not the last #twoface
@CoryBooker never forget #neverforget
you're a liar! Cory Booker Blasts DeVos But Forgets That He Helped with One of Her Organizations
Fight to make schools great again.
wow touch hearts . God bless you .hes so racist world so blind on his talk .
you're a fuckin sellout. Switch parties to the corrupt Repubs u corrupt slimeball.
Give it up you'll never stop God's Plan!!!
Oh look, he was for DeVos before he got his marching orders from @SenWarren
Here is a fantastic Cory Booker speech in favor of school choice and charter schools. Venue is Betsy DeVos’s group. https://youtu.be/6pHqWDqdkSM 
big deal you voted for Hillary not Trump so who cares what you think?
How have you not learned to speak without leaning on the lectern?
Thank you for your continued work. We see u.
When you were in favor--- >>>>
That will really help stop Mien Kampf Trump &Swamp Rats!With their pay 2 play!&Filling bank accounts over 8yrs
politics as usual when you were mayor you worked with her pushing charter schools
To be followed by a fundraising email.
.@SenBookerOffice I think it's funny that you're in DeVos and Big Pharma's pocket and you expect people to take you seriously.
keep the fight going and in 2018 more democrats will be voted out of office.Your acting like kids that lost the elections
by your side always, yet the tactics to prevail must be tweaked by the Dems
hypocrite
you should be pretty pumped about her, considering you're all about school choice
What, no tears? Hyperbole much?
Dude, you've lost all credibility. Please. Just go become a Republican already. Reps like you need to get out of the way!
sure loves the camera
Thank You @CoryBooker for fighting for all our children. Warren/Booker 2020
Oh we are only just warming up. And also, time to write another pile of checks.
Tell the truth about being on Alliance for School Choice Board of Directors with @BetsyDeVos.
From 2013 in case you forgot: http://www.edweek.org/ew/articles/2013/10/30/10electionsenator.h33.html …
Your a HYPOCRITE!
it is time to move on.  Please try and work with the new administration.
please try and work with the new administrator.  It is time to move on.
@watchyourRepsNJ thank you for voting against DeVos - how can we protect NJ children' education now?
CORY KEEP FIGHTING FOR THE RIGHTS OFF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. ::NO MORE TRUMP DUMP :: 
I will work tirelessly to insure you lose your next re-election battle.  You are unfit to serve We The People.
Very sad to watch you walk back the commitment you once had to children when you were a mayor.
@redhead5990 yeah next time we March we stay until we have real change. And don't have a crime syndicate running the govt
Are you literally ONLY about politics? What happened to fairness and truth? I didn't support Trump's candidacy, either.
why do we need to fight? Why can't we talk like normal people?
standing like that cause big pharma has their hand too far up his ass
Whose side will you and your friend Christie be fighting on?
divisive arse. Going to shut you down just like princess lies alot
hypocrite!!
Sit down, you corporate shill.
You sir are nothing but a political hack hypocrite who advocated for Devos in 2006. You betrayed Sessions, you sir R A PUNK
@corybooker whored himself to the teachers unions today. Took it in the shorts for them. Did it feel good?
what fight are we talking about here?
But aren't you also fo school privatization, corporatization of education?
What, exactly, are you fighting for? To remove parental choice? To strand kids in failing schools? @SenBookerOffice
What changed, Cory? You used to speak at DeVos' events & praise her organization. Did she change or are you a partisan hack
.@SenBookerOffice @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems 

NO MORE PRAYERS

Get this fascist OUT of power. 
NOW before he dismantles our Democracy!
what can we do?
But you spoke at and and called her organization "incredible".  #hypocrite
How about those of us that are mad at how you and your puppet Obama tried to keep us in the dark and lie to us for 8 years?
Says the charter school supporter.
democrats needs to step aside you guys are irrelevant right now u have the same power as a whinning toddler
Think being a lying scumbag will help your 2020 dream? Nope.
How about sore loser democrats do some constructive work for the American people?  You're another empty suit back bencher
Corey Booker for President



https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=6pHqWDqdkSM …
: Just how hypocritical can you be and still face yourself in the mirror?
Careful, your racism is showing. Plus ur hate of children, hubris and lack of awareness is quite evident.
Remember when you praised her & her org at her school privatization, calling her "incredible"? Now she's nominee she's bad?
Then why have u praised Devos & her org. & appeared at events praising her many times. Hypocrisy much?
You're a dishonest jerk. You have spoken at Secretary DeVos' school choice events and was a proponent of the work she did.
How can u fight bribes? Other pols take money from bad people, and must "put out". Why not fight dirty if necessary?
Thank you for your support.
I'm an autism mom who thought it couldn't get worse than Trump mocking the disabled man. Betsy DeVos is worse #AutismRights
I'm the mom of 2 autistic kids. I'm terrified GOP will repeal I.D.E.A. and take their insurance coverage too #AutismRights
@Waliferus Lol
I want to believe you but you'd make it a lot easier if you stopped aligning with org like The Alliance for School Choice.
@Rich_893 
Youre a man so youre allowed to speak on the floor.
Only women are not allowed to speak in america now...
Shame.
.@SenBookerOffice It disappoints me so much that DC stole your soul. Do you remember when you had integrity in Newark? What happened to you?
your next president!
you're ass just got handed to you..funny thing abt those archived tweets tho...
Well, now they are introducing a bill to get rid of the Dept. of Ed. so this was all a ruse anyway.
is this your public opinion...you know cause Hillary had one of those #Corporatewhore #HookerBooker  #Bernie2020
kindly stop the fighting, the divisiveness. didn't the election teach you anything?
HOW ARE YOU SPENDING THE MONEY FROM BIG PHARMA? #Greedy
HOW MUCH IS SOROS PAYING YOU?
Maybe you would get recognized more encouraging unity. The only reason that I know about you is because of the  u talk
Don't you ever get sick of being a liar and a traitor? Liberals are the angry and bitter ones!
says the guy that gave a speech to her privatization organization. Even called it "incredible." You're such a snake.
Thank you for your inspired and inspiring word (and Hughes')
@raddrrach Thank you, Senator Booker.  We will never ever give up.
You're nothing but an opportunist. 2020 is all you're thinking about.
it will! Republicans are like sheep no guts followers scared to speak truth. They follow the crazy guy to slaughter
@CoryBooker What does that mean? What fight is that? Four years of fighting anything Trump? Good luck in the midterms
@CoryBooker hahahhahaahhaahaha you failed and you will keep failing. #MAGA your corruption in washington will end very soon
You lost again, so technically it is over! #winning @POTUS
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump #winning Cory you are powerless!
.@SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker You  fight for "targeted" (lol) school choice that segregates and privatizes. See your speech to Devos org
You hate half of us Americans. All you want is to chain us to laws ,tax us to pay the bureaucrats. You're hate Constitution
is just the latest of "rising stars" that has been proven to be a hack & lacking in integrity. #senatorflipflopper
.@SenBookerOffice https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&vertical=default&q=%40corybooker%20OR%20%40senbookeroffice%20OR%20booker%20OR%20booker%27s%20from%3ASchoolChoiceNow&src=typd …
She can't legally be in a classroom alone with students
Do people realize that?
I don't think your base is educated enough to know the difference. #stupidleft
since you're on record for supporting DeVos, please elaborate on what you think we're fighting for. Thanks.
@Anon_Newz Already running for POTUS
People must keep fighting. Some are giving up in disgust. We can't do that We need to fight this administration
@CoryBooker Google Booker/Devos-Cory Booker worked with Devos & was an advocate for school choice-ran on it for election
@CoryBooker This vote just proves how badly we're screwed - they're just going to vote party over country no matter what.
why will the @TheDemocrats let them get away with this?  Our country is falling apart from men who are $$ #PresidentBannon
@CoryBooker so now suddenly urbagainst choice and vouchers and equal oppty for everyone? More hypocritical partisan BS!
@CoryBooker Go Sen. Booker, Go!! #GiveThemHell
read the letter tomorrow!!!!! I beg you #corettascottking #elizabethwarren
I love how you fight against DeVos, even tho you used to praise her. It's so cute how you actually think people believe you
I'm from Michigan and where as I may support many democratic opinions I do support DeVos
@MichaelSkolnik
@MichaelSkolnik The DeVos confirmation proves that Republican lawmakers  their $$$$ more than our children!
I've asked over & over & over again: HOW?????
"Nevertheless, she persisted." - these are our marching orders. #resist #indivisible
Are you going to be consistent? Disappointed with your Pharma vote. It will take time to trust you again.
@CoryBooker  well, well, well
@MichaelSkolnik wow! She was confirmed?!
Did you actually say anything at all in that video?
@CoryBooker LMK if y'all need help, sir!
we're not done fighing ignorance & racism. Thank u
Yes,.... "Save the dream for all". You have been noticed. Thank you Sen.
This was a tough one. Unbelievable that GOP can't stand up for the children in this country. It's hard not to give up.
@CoryBooker please stop campaigning for 2020 and become the advocate of the people of NJ as you have stated in speeches
Thank you. My senator, @SenateMajLdr does not listen or represent my views. I rely on senators like YOU to be my voice.
Keep fighting the losing battle to marginalize yourself futher.
ain't nothing more powerful than a pissed off Mother fighting for her child. This is the beginning not the end
So praising her and speaking qt her events? That was just what, Senator?
I actually liked Booker before Trump got in thought he was different but nope he's another partisan hack
what an absolute fraud you are.
Yeah, you are going to continue to champion charters and undermine public ed like you did in Newark.
thank you for doing what you could to stop this nomination. We still have fight left in us!
You are such a 

@CoryBooker Your words are empty without the force of bridging gaps for those you say you speak for. Present ideas...
@CoryBooker This opens doors. Now, I too can apply for 50,000 jobs I'm not qualified for!!!!
@CoryBooker You are perpetuating the problem instead of creating a dialog for resolution. They need a solution not pity...
