When are you going to decry his decision not to name the AntiFa hate for what it is?
Oh please. Most of the counterprotesters were clergy. The only ones claiming antifa are the same people who think CC is a hoax.
Bullshit.
Prove me wrong.
All anyone has to do is watch any of the multiple videos available online of the event to see you're wrong.. "Mostly clergy".Ha! What a joke
I don't think anything will be anywhere near inspiring as hearing This Little Light of Mine to drown out blood and soil
That's great. But your statement that most of the counter protesters were clergy is still clearly a lie. I say a pox on both sides.myself.
Yes, white racists coming heavily armed were definitely victimized.
Senator Booker, I adore you but did we really expect more from a segregationalist who claimed he was making a joke about police brutality?
I am numb with anger,fear confusion @ the fact everyone knew Trump was a pitiful imposter of a successful business mogul.He is a cheat cont.
His whole life was a lie.His connections were for self preservation.His debacle of the Commador project was his first big scam on NY City...
He cheated NY city of millions owed money to every Bank & never paid.He's a Puppet to many,habitual liar,bigot & is our enemy #1
Yet he is the Leader of the free world, we allowed this Crook who never did anything for anyone. His retoric & personal,decisions, cont.
Is responsible for a 32 yr old young women was a casualty of his cancer of hate he has created.
Enough analyzing him.remove him now please
#ImpeachTrump
We thank you for continuing to ensure - both privately working hard behind the scenes and loudly in public - that Bannon must indeed go now!
Trump supporters yelling about how Muslims don't denounce ISIS (even when they do) and the President won't denounce white superemists.
Trump supporters : Make KKK Great Again.
Trump : Amen 
Typically jehad thing to say
“Typical jihad thing to say."
Yeah I wasn't paying attention thanks though.
I saw your profile. Tons of anti- racist stuff on there, but how can you support a president who dog whistles to white supremacists?
How does he dog whistle racism when he flat out says that is a pure evil that needs to be stopped. How's that a whistle to racism

Yep all Trumps fault - guess you should start printing your bumper stickers now.
Classic Democrat cherry picking skin color!  Such racists themselves.  Ethnic Supremacy is more accurate.  Rev. Wright & his hate, remember!
Rise of white supremacists can be explained in Rev. Wright's words...  "The chickens are coming home to roost." Wasn't right then & not now.
Didn't Obama show his ignorance and hatred as well.  Look back before you speak.
The best statement by any politician so far. Thank you, Sen. Booker.
The #truth is they want to #enslave us into lil groups so u think what they want u to think & feel the way they want u to feel #wakeup
Americans are smarter than that . We know Soros and left orgs pay for the divide and conquer!
Yes! Trump has created unrest at home & around the world from the time he introduced Birtherism.He is a Hot a mess, an iliterate fake.
And you think your opinion matters? SMH.
Douchebag !!!!!
Silence is consent thank you sir!
Cory and all you folks need another platform than Facebook, since its mostly fake news or havent you heard.
He pointed out the facts!  Two groups opposed each other,both had weapons, both fought.
please help us and impeach him!
Run for president!
Can't attack the only people left who support him.  He is an embarrassment & stain on our democracy #TheResistance
Very well said. This is the type of statement POTUS should have delivered, but alas did not.
Uy
Thank you for this, Senator Booker. Let's all stop acting surprised by 45's racism. Racists elected him and surround him now. 1/
Woody Guthrie wrote a song about his racist dad's real estate developments 2/
Unlike any other national crisis,
those who marched, hated, punched, clubbed and killed did it for the Trump agenda. He did not disclaim it.
We know Trump's version of hatred, and we know it well. Our ancestors knew it and we recognize it upon first glance. 
Have you ever studied where this hatred really started?  Start around 1956...you may actually learn the truth!
We sat quietly when Obama condemned policemen before getting facts.
Don't ya'll get it? Anyone still working for this admin is not good for USA. Gen Kelly, a leader? Lead by walking out, and state why !
When was the last time u Sen Booker spoke out against #AntifaTerroristOrganization or #BlackLivesMatter u & ur party r #hypocrites #truth
So how much longer is Congress going to leave him in office?  You are all being as incompetent as he is.
Hypocrites are the d'RATS who don't want to call BLM and Antifas " a leftist kind of Evil". Only can see the evil on the right.
Can you please file with rest of dems and rs to oust him?? We no long want this tumor on America in office..he has way to much power!!
His father marched with the KKK and he knows who his real fans are. Amazing that he denounces the FBI and the press but not the Neo-Nazis.
Ah, let's name another prominent KKK member...ROBERT BYRD D-WV
Look at your own supporters buddy and look at the hate you fuel. If this is how you get votes its just pathetic.
Hey bud, you accidentally posted this under @CoryBooker account. You meant to place it under @realDonaldTrump 's tweet thread.
He showed, without a doubt, exactly what he is. In case anybody was wondering
No I see & hear very clearly
Thank you for speaking up!
you sir are repugnant for putting your pharma donors first over american citizens
Thank you. You are a beacon.
Go get a life booker
Shameful and cowardly Booker to continue to encourage his hateful,  violent, racist groups for his selfish attempt for political gain.
How novel, coming from disgraceful Cory Booker, who supports and encourages violent, racist, hate groups daily in antifa, blm & resistance
Well said!
all of those women's marches were done without violence - hatred & violence show true colors of people's spirits #NotMyPresident
No surprise here. A wise woman once said, "When people tell you who they are, believe them"  We have all been warned, now is the time to act
O really??? And your buddy obama would NEVER acknowledge the perpetrators of such crimes, EVER !
@solivitaguy Cory how come when the whacked left kills some1 they are insane,some1 from the whacked rt does it they R terrorists
"Unite in Love" rally in Allentown PA -we will resist!
@solivitaguy Cory will you condem the actions of Antifa, or do you consider them ok.
Come on y'all he has filled his cabinet with know Alt-right white supremacist from day 1 we already know where he stands so if u need 2 hear
You're just another part of the problem and not, nor ever will be, part of the solution.
Hahahahaha! That's right!... address him as just Trump, not president.. lol
Booker get out of D.C. Ur a discrace to our country
Well said Sen. Booker
You are unfit to be a U.S. Senator.  If it wasn't for back door deals you would have never been elected.
What do you know about hypocracy
Look at his stops on the campaign trail in the south and midwest. He made it a point to campaign in white supremacy cities in those states
Senator - Although I moved out of NJ 3 years ago, I still consider you "my" Senator. Your moral leadership is a clarion call. Thank you.
Senator, in this air of #WhiteSupremacy keep yourself safe from harm!  Ask for protection if you need it @SecretService Your voice matters!

No one is born with hate in their heart, somewhere somehow the system teaches it, fix the system #Charlottesville 
Obviously, it's never too early to start running for POTUS.
Just like you did supporting BLM and "What do we want? Dead cops. When do we want it? Now" or "Pigs in a banker. Fry 'em like bacon."
Give it a break Cory... all of us condemn this cowardly act. Stop trying to grab political points with your base
@realDonaldTrump Are you going to finally mention the words Nazi white supremacist terrorism? If not, resign immediately in disgrace!
@DonaIdTTrump you will have to choose one day, why not now? Are going to stand with the sheep or the goats?
#TrumpMustResign
You don't have the foggiest idea of what @POTUS feels in his heart.  You are trying to divide the country with your misleading statements.
ALL violence should be condemned, regardless who's committing it.
Thank you for your beautifully written statement. We are lucky to have such great representation in a time of such fear and hatred.
Thank you Senator!!!!
And what was it when Fmr Pres Obama failed to name radical Islamic terrorism for what it is? #hypocrisy #potmeetkettle #draintheswamp
Name them all Cory.. wn, kkk, blm, bp, and antifa.  Your the hypocrite if you cant include them all.
BLM destroy property of others....crickets. Hatred by anyone should not be okay, but I guess it's only one sided.
If @POTUS denounced Duke and white supremacists approval rating drops from 36 to 6%. An image he CAN'T handle. The all about "me" show D.C.
Kinda like obama failing to call blm for the hate group they are. The hypocrisy
Trump the #westie to your pack. Find a unifying inspiring young candidate or could be 8 yrs of top dog. Hillary cost you the election.
Trump is DISGRACEFUL for sure but remind me when Obama (or you) called out any one group for being anti-police and targeting their lives
Typical democratic response!There would notbeen any trouble regardless oftheir beliefs ifblack lives matter andother leftist had NOTshown up
Really?! didnt hear you say this when Obama refused to call out radical islamic terrorists. Ur rhetoric doesnt bring anyone together sad 

I hope your 2020 campaign ad features Daivd Duke's comments yesterday. D's need to find a concise message and hammer it home! No hate here.
The movement black lives matter has caused such division and the root of it .
“God blesses those who patiently endure testing and temptation. Afterward they will receive the crown of life that God has promised.
A lot of us thought you might be the most self-centered, incompetent, divisive ignoramus ever to occupy WH. You've now removed all doubt.
Thank you, Senator Booker.
Gosh, Cory. Where would we be without your self-righteousness and keen moral guidance ?
"Never succumb to the temptation of bitterness." ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
SENATOR BEING CAREFUL IS WISE !THEIR IS MUCH TENSION BREWING IN THIS NATION  !AND ALSO WORLDWIDE!
Beautifully said. How you stay classy in the face of so much hate demonstrates your incredible character.
KKK is wrong, so is any group that spews hate & violence I remember Ferguson the murdered policemen the words of the Black Caucus & Pelosi
Cory can we all stop acting surprise that trump is not a racist loser
no way, this statement promotes hate
You and obama are the racist ! Not POTUS
Well Cory can you call out your boy al sharp ton and his taxes and blm ties let's talk about that
Please run for President.   We need this healing message and your leadership.
Maybe a little too brutal, but the general consensus in DC seems to be that Trump is disappointment as a man, a Republican and as President.
You ate not doing our country any good stating  our president as hateful and a hypocrite - you think that wilk advance your career - not! -
This! Exactly this
  we need more love...and a unicorn like Cory.
So the Antifascist anti protesters did not bring bats, clubs helmets and sheilds as well why are you not calling them out as well like POTUS
Loving your elegance in this sad situation.....smh
When I was in school in the 50's, I thought, naively, at least the horror of the Nazi regime could never happen here...?!?!
Did you hear him say he loves everyone? All Americans? That there's no place for this type of racism? No. Bc you only hear what u want to
Trump not saying "White Supremacist" makes him racist?Then be willing to say Obama is a Muslim bc he refused to say: "Islamic Terrorist!"
Beautiful & eloquent. What kind of legislation will u introduce to combat domestic terrorism and radicalization of whites in this country?
Thank you.  Would like to see this in every newspaper in the US.
The man has no knowledge on what to say. He has writers,then goes off script making no sense..His Daddy..marched with KKK. Thank you Sen.
I am a blackman, and not keen on Trump,but what was your stance when BLM were being public nuisances as well? Your hypocrisy is distasteful!
Why are we surprised of his action check his history he our President like it or not now work to get him out

When are you gonna figure out you're an American? It's not us versus them. It's just us and we have a Constitutional right to free speech
"Free speech" not violence much like it was not your right to drag slaves out of Africa in boats, chains, whipped, branded, killed!
What is it going to take?  What will be the ultimate outrage? #notmypresident
Impeach him, before he leads us to war with North Korea or lets our country descend into senseless violence. Please impeach him!
And what of ANTIFA?!! There is more to this than the MSM is telling. I only hope the truth come out and all who are behind it pay the price!
Our President condemned ALL violence, hatred & bigotry yesterday. ALL, ALL, ALL of it...what do you think that didn't cover?
such a copout statement cory.  Get behind the president to move forward for the American people, or move out of the way
He did so but I noticed every punk-ass Dem is claiming otherwise. On a whole we are an honest nation/Dems better start cleaning up their act
He won't name it because it is being fomented in his #WhiteHouse. He needs to fire Gorka, Bannon, and Miller, and his base will not like it.
Uh, your party's paid protesters even left a business card and they were white come on! Your double standards are obvious

The heart of the matter. Trump supporters inc David Duke want 50s America BEFORE civil rights. White male power. NEVER AGAIN in USA
#Booker2020

A #MuslimBan wouldn't have saved #HeatherHeyer
She was killed by an American, born & raised, #Nazi in #Charlottesville. 
Please say her name 
This is what Trump should have said but he would rather protect his core base of white supremacist.
Since GOP won't check him We The People need to march to WH or golf course & remove him from presidency! #impeach
where are you and the left denouncing ANTIFA?  A hypocrite trying to call out hypocrisy. #racismmustfall on all sides.
And to think we had 8 years of a president failing to name a group, except a reckless Cambridge police officer
Pat, I recommend the article this morning from @JeffreyGoldberg on how #Charlottesville is different
Sure, its always different.
So don't go blaming this nonsense on TRUMP! Your party represents 160 years of racism, discrimination and bigotry! Educate your constituents
Thank you Senator.Thank you for your fierce love & passion. & for fighting for us with integrity, eloquence, & compassion.Just what we need.
Our hearts are just broken. 
Hey Corey guess which party started white supremacy movement and the KKK? That's right, YOUR party! Repub party saved civil rights act too!
Hey buddy, guess who dragged blacks out of Africa in boats?  Branded? Whipped? Chained?  Talk to the man in the mirror!
hypocrisy is Obama inviting hate groups to the white house#blm#cair
And you failed to name the man who killed a woman with his car. Alt-left
The ignorance & bigotry of @realDonaldTrump are to blame for the acts of terrorism in VA.  He must be removed from office now #ImpeachTrump
shut up cory. Trump knows you better than you know yourself. you have no chance in 2020 or ever.
You mean like Obama refusing to cal ISIS for what it is?
Best statement. Can I share?
We are all Americans first!! Why do we have to put labels on people this is what causes problems
Just like Obama refused to say radical Islamic terrorism
This guy slowly turning into my hero!
Agree with your statement 100% but find it odd that you're ok with Palestinian terrorism by voting against the Taylor Force Act.
Gotta love Cory Booker!
Your a hypocrite as you support terror
Sounds like you have a lot of hate speech yourself take a look in the mirror liberal hypocrite
What???  Have you not been paying attention?
Thank you. Can the GOP finally take action? There is no cover for them or their Pres. The world needs moral leadership.Can Dems support?
We all disavow White Supremacist hate however, "We all need to defend speech we hate" Lee Roland, senior staff attorney ACLU 04/27/2017
Not surprising you making this statement. Listen to the speech and you will here he does not stand for this. Loser.
Trump was wrong in not doing so. You however cant acknowledge Islamic extremism. People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
And there are planes leaving from that trash heap you call Newark you should get on one and not come back
Cory booker support your boss obey the constitution or quit your job your not good at it anyway
Booker is a political ASSHOLE. with no brain
Thank you
TU Senator for your wise & important words! Americans must oppose hatred & bigotry & those who stoke it including this president & Admin!
He included everyone in his statement. Trump is not a racist. The congressional Black Caucus is racist. Obama is racist. You, not sure.
Senator booker, Go Home. Our country needs healing.
At the highest level of gov, you are knowingly fanning the flames of hate  @CoryBooker
Thank you for denouncing hatred.
I wish your republican and democratic colleagues would do the same.
Thank you Sen. Booker for not pussyfooting around exactly what this march was about.
Fire trump/GOP now
Cory booker typical Lin always looking to lay blame su
What kind of hypocrisy did Obama evidence when Black Lives Matter screamed "Kill the cops"?
Because he (trump) is one...KKK, Nazi, White Supremist...#NotMyPresident
Noticed most of your brain dead followers ( like you ) missed the part he named both groups as horrid and both are to blame. Stop your lies.
Noticed you never called out BLM for what it is. Talk about hypocrisy you talk about others yet you are exactly the same.
So you know the motives of the young man? I havent heard anything on them. Are you just being irresponsible in order to virtue signal?
Thank you senator. We need leaders who will take a strong stance lime this.
Ok Senator Booker, seeing lots of statements from politicians, where are the actions? I'm from NJ and you are my senator.
Failing to leave history as is, is a crime in itself. Wake up booker
Thank you, Senator. Help us all stay strong foe each other and our country.
Well written and thoughtful Cory.
No hypocrisy on DT's part. It's him
Trump has a phobia for truth he'd rather call a spade a golden spoon but it will always be what it is .He can't condemn his allies
White Lives Matter!
It always mattered from the time they gragged slaves from Africa in boats, chains, branded, whipped, killed.  Let's not go there.
45 has been failing country since he took office that does not mean we should accept  what happened, it's up to each of us to speak out
Failing? Seen the stock market? Have you heard from Isis? Have you seen the job reports? Stop being a mindless zombie with no fact comments
