Thank you Senators
Can you tell me what on what constitutional authority the legislation is based on?  Commerce Clause power?
THANK YOU!!!!!
Conversion therapy = quackery!
conversion therapy = abuse.
Rioting in the streets and demonizing whole swaths of your fellow citizens is child abuse
Its 2017 I can't even if people are still doing that shit
Pence believes in it- this regime is full of evil
Ugh I know its why I could never vote republican. Like have some moral decency its not that hard of a concept
A good deal of Republicans nowadays: "Moral? Decency? I don't know the meaning to either of these!"
We do actually...the left shoving their views down our throat is simply not going to be tolerated or ignored anymore. Deal with it
THIS is why I'm a #democrat
Like when Pres. Clinton did on Rwanda refugees? #FDR  on European Jews fleeing #Nazism ? Teddy Roosevelt on Muslims. Best study history.
Does that include parents forcing transgenderness on kids to young to know wtf it is
Thank you!
Thank you sir, from the bottom of my heart
There should be no reason not to vote for it, unless you're a d-bag. Keep up the good work, Ted.
That whole freedom of religion thing gets in the way though...alas
Then we should mock them for thinking it's some sort of exorcism, no more valid than sacrificing goats or virgins or virgin goats.
Mock away. The virgin goats thing was funny though. I'll be borrowing that, heh
Can you include ABA Therapy to this as well?
#ActuallyAutistic
When will people realize we each have the right to live our lives as we desire without judgment or imposement of others?
When the left figures that out, we'll be there
We are there. It is the right/.@POTUS that seems to be standing in judgment of others. Let people live their own lives and you live yours.
The rioting and constant whining of the left seems to contradict your statement.
Conversion Therapy is child abuse.  In America a Bill is needed to prevent child abuse?  Ummm
Thanks to fearless leaders like you, this fraudulent, barbaric practice will be stopped. It is torture and insurance fraud in one pkg.
Thankyou!!!!!  Pence, and his fellow radical christian fundamentalists should never be allowed to abuse!!no different than radical islam
But giving hormone blockers to
prepubescent children who have gender confusion is not child abuse? Strange world we live in.
Wish there was a way to convert those who believe in conversion therapy into human beings.
Favorite tweet response today!
The sad face that this still exists speaks volumes about the dark minded folks who believe in it. If you're not what we like we "fix" you?
That Modality of Therapy Is Effective Every Other  Day, At Best! #TitleOfMySelfHelpBook
This is transphobic.
Good job!
Thank you!
As a mental health therapist --- THANK YOU!!
@thepoliticalcat @PattyMurray @CoryBooker Plez make sure MacArthur Act does not pass; it will > racism & disparity in health care
I'm surprised you allowed them to be born in the first place..
Isnt there some kind of legislation like that in place already?
No. A handful of states have banned it, but no national ban on child abuse like this.
Conversion therapy sounds too.. sane? Deceptive? Perhaps change name to homophobic persecution technique.
Thank you all!
That's a religious preference for some. Sorry about that whole Constitution thing.
They should totally just get gender reassignment therapy.  #BornPerfect 
Thank you!!
#corybookersucks
thank you.
Amazing people see people when they look at people. Wish everyone could open their eyes . Thank you!
Go Ted! Go Ted! 
Thank You!!
how about introduce a bill banning anyone with the name Clinton to stay out of DC FOREVER. that would be better
You getting @ladygaga in on this?
The STUPID alt-right would want all non-christians to convert to christianity & all non-whites to become white. IDIOTS!
Thank you Congressman for all you do! You are on the right side of history!  Can you at some point move to TX and represent us here :-)
is QUICKLY becoming my new favorite congressman.
Honored to introduce with @PattyMurray & @CoryBooker legislation to ban conversion therapy nationwide. #BornPerfect  https://lieu.house.gov/media-center/press-releases/rep-lieu-introduces-therapeutic-fraud-prevention-act-2017 …
Cannot believe this happens in our country. It is shameful! An embarrassment. Thanks for taking action.
So proud that you represent the South Bay!
This "therapy" damages people. It's time to outright ban it.
Thank you!!! #BornPerfect 
Thank you all.
Thanks to all of you!
Thank you. I stand with you
The word "therapy" should NEVER be used to characterize and lend legitimacy to this form of abuse. Conversion is just abuse.
THANK YOU. I love hearing about reps trying to *actually* protect Americans 
Thank you for standing up for what is right!  #moralcourage
Somewhere @VP 's homophobia is rising at the news of this.
Thank you! 
I doubt it will pass the Republican stronghold, but thank you all so much for trying!!!
I cannot believe that in 2017, this is a thing
Thank you so much! These so called "christians" that believe in this are monsters!
@indivisibleTX25
Thank you!
This is something that should NEVER happen to anyone!
Thank you
Any idea if there are enough senators to support this?
Super
Thank you!!
OMG-this is still ongoing? When I saw TV movies about it- I thought it died away. Definitely a scam & FWA.
Thank you @PattyMurray @CoryBooker - bravo! @VP - sorry not sorry!
Thank you for your efforts on this. Conversion therapy = abuse. Keep speaking up!
I think CT is awful and also shouldn't be banned.
Thank you all, you are saving lives
Thank you for doing this Ted.#Protectouryouth#bornperfect
Only one way to put it.  Conversion therapy is not therapy and it is bull!  #Trumprussia   #TheResistance
Thanks for the support!! (But freedom to be shouldn't depend on whether or not LGBT people are "born with" their genders and sexualities.)
But we are, so ...
Thank you! So proud to have Cory as my senator!
. Yes
That's fantastic. #BornPerfect
In this day and age. Then again Pence a big fan.
Thank you!
thank you!
@PattyMurray @CoryBooker 
This is a GREAT idea!!
We THANK YOU for Rising Up against this abuse! #arula #riseup #lgbtq #equality
Everyone who believes in conversion therapy should be forced to spend one week in it themselves.
Should have been done years ago. Now we have deplorables running govt, this won't stand a chance. Nice job.
Please make sure to point this out to VP @mike_pence.
Thank you all for introducing this Bill.  Conversion therapy must be banned nationwide. I'm shocked & appalled that Trump & Pence do not!  
Thanks to all three of you for your level of caring for the LGBTQ community.  Hugs!
Thank you. Keep up the good work.
It hasn't been already?! 
on behalf of my loved ones who will be protected by this, I thank you.
This is so getting shot down. You cannot claim conversion therapy is a fraud when ur party endorses gender can change daily. Direct conclict
Agree with it or not you cannot deny therapy by choice that no one is forced to do. Its another exploitation of LGBT for votes no substance
Thank you for standing up for LGBT rights
Freaks!!
Corruption!!!!
Thank you.
Great Job! 
Thank you!!!!! Also love the hash tag. So true!!! #BornPerfect
You and your parents are AWESOME! Much love to ya! Carry on with your legacy!
Fantastic!
Thank you!! 
When will you demand an independent investigation "rep"?
Thank you! 
Conversion therapy is so wrong on many levels. Nothing wrong with being gay Scary that our V.P condones something seriously wrong with Pence

Thank you
Thank you!
Bless y'all. 
Thank you
I am sure my @SenCortezMasto will support this!
@SenatorBaldwin @SenRonJohnson @repmarkpocan Are you signed on yet??
Fantastic! But long overdue 
But it worked so well for Mike Pence. #sorrynotsorry
@WhitfordBradley @PattyMurray @CoryBooker This is exciting news. This should be banned. Everyone has the right to be who they are.
I am on board. Provided when you present it to the executive branch, you roll it up and smack Pence sharply with it.
Thank you for remembering that you represent and stand up for the PEOPLE of this country
This is good, really good. But, Trump/Russia, Budget, Health Care.
Thank you for showing us there are ppl on the side of America and Humanity!
Thank you for recognizing that conversion therapy isn't a real thing.
Thank you for protecting people! 
Thank you, sir!
Thank you, Senators.  This is so important!!
Awesome
It's outrageous that conversion therapy needs a ban. #BornPerfect
Yes, let's do this before Pence becomes president!
The Republican Platform2016 eliminates the term "conversion therapy". That is how they think they can get away with it. Please check it out.
Thank you for doing this ... it'll be great to see something like this finally go into effect! #perfectthewaytheyare, #bornthatway
Thank you senators!
Thank you!
Conversion Therapy is Just as Inhumane As The Torturing That Is Going On In Chechnya- VP Pence is a Staunch Supporter. Extremely Scary .
JAH BLESS! LOVE ALL!
 thank you!
Thank you!
Betting SCOTUS 5-4 eventually holds that burdens free exercise. Like contraception/employee health plans.
I refuse to call it "conversion therapy" - therapy does not, by definition, cause damage! And "conversion therapy" does.  1/2
Sad that we need legislation for this. But saddest that people actually believe you need to be "converted" from being gay/lesbian/trans
Maybe @VP can help you? Oh, wait, um yeah, maybe not.
TIME TO MARCH!
YES! YES! YES!
Before its completely banned lets make Mike Pence go through it.  Thank you Senators!
Thank you all. Proud that Ted is my Congressman #imwithted
OMG this shouldn't even be a thing....I am heartbroken broken that this is even necessary 
Get that by @MikePenceVP -gay conversion therapy is his baby. A homophobe and a narcissist run the Nation. Big joke.
Pretty awesome! I have the feeling 'conservative' members of congress will oppose it though... :(
THANKU! Get ready to ban conversion therapy for std's too since Pence once already caused an outbreak w/his po. & doesn't believe in science

Thank you all
Hope my senators @SenatorDurbin  @SenDuckworth  will join you
We love Patty Murray in WA ST!
Thank u for standing up for our kids. This practice is barbaric and must be stopped! @PattyMurray @CoryBooker Thank u
Thank you all for introducing bill to end conversion therapy.
Where do I go to sign this petition on banning conversion therapy?
New Hampshire Republicans lead by Gov Chris Sununu love conversion therapy. Hope this legislation passes, quickly!
Is that still a thing in 2017? Oh Indiana.
OMG there is such a thing???
Yes Mike Pence is a big fan 
Read up on Pence and the LGBT community in IN. Horrible. 
Thank you for standing up for us and being on the right side of history!
Papa Pence isn't going to like that.
My thoughts on these 2 turds.
Sure hope Pence doesn't have to be the tiebreaker on this one.

Thank You Ted... You guy's are doing great work... @CNN @ @MSNBC @maddow
That's incredibly important!  I worked with LGBT youth for 20 years. Thank you for this!!
Where conversion therapy does this happen?  ITS DOESN'T FUCKING HAPPEN!  Ted Lieu is fighting bad guys that don't exist
We need legislation banning airplanes hate speech torwards boats, it's not there fault boats are slower
THANK YOU many times over!!!
Use your voice!

Demand an Independent Prosecutor
#TrumpRussia

Congressional Switchboard
(202) 224-3121

#StayFocused
This is not normal!
