How would repealing portions of the ACA affect health insurance coverage and premiums? https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52371 …
@USCBO would b nice to have lower drug prices. To bad you voted against bernies bill.
wasn't Bernie's bill. Was Klobuchar's amendment. Voted for better crafted Wyden amendment.
talking about bernies ammendment and you know it.Hes taking millions from drug comp.what do they want from him?
this wasn't Bernie's amendment. It was Klobuchar's, sponsored by Bernie. $327,000 in 2014 is not millions.
who cares? He voted No to allowing US to get cheaper drugs from CA. Would he have if he wasnt taking their cash?
this is not true. He voted for a better crafted amendment (with all Dem Caucus) that lowered costs.
and then he voted NO for a bill that was to allow the US to buy cheaper drugs through CA. Why? $$$$$$
it was not a bill. Please inform yourself.
and yet you voted against a bill to allow RX drugs affordable and take $$$$$ from big Pharma? Do you care? Can we trust you?
he didn't vote on a bill. He voted on an amendment. He voted for Wyden amndt which was better crafted.
Thanks for this. Will look further. Does he not accept $$$ from big pharma which would sway his vote?
Booker is an important voice we need in Senate.
Booker is a typical politician. He needs to stop blaming others for his parties failure in aca
ACA is not a failure. Ask anyone w/pre-existing condition. Repubs forced a watered down deal.
ask the rest of us having to pay for it.
Brock, that's a crock. I'm paying for your wars and cheap Viagra. Don't be selfish.
it is also devastating how YOU voted against giving Americans the option to pay less for prescription drugs.
not true. He voted for the Wyden amendment, which was a better crafted amendment than Klobuchar's.
Stand up for Americans. Stop accepting big pharma donations.
he voted for the better crafted amendment. Also not addressed are extra costs that come with it.
@USCBO honestly the fact that Cory "pharma bitch" Booker loves ACA so much just shows how much it benefits corporate pharma
ACA and big pharma are separate.
@realDonaldTrump be honest with me. Are you going to make cuts to my Social Security disability benefits, and raise the cost of Medicare?

Right, why would somebody want to hurt the American people? Like voting against RX law that would help Americans? #hypocrite
@LacyClayMO1 @USCBO Seeing as how millions more lost their coverage and were thrown into MedicAid, full repeal of ACA is good.
People lost their dr because they wouldn't take patients with ACA insurance. I know Drs who did that
makes it sound like there were people dying in the streets before the ACA.ACA does not equal HealthCare.Maybe Ins prem will drop
Unlike ACA which no one knew what it was about...time to do it right.  I am now paying a house payment...but it's for aca.
@USCBO please tell us why you voted against importing affordable prescription drugs?
I only recently moved to New York & from NJ. I voted for you in New Jersey.  Hugely disappointed in your Canadian pharmco vote.
booker actually voted for the wyden amendment to lower drug costs:
voted No to Bernie's amendment to import Canadian RX
@SenBookerOffice @USCBO I can't figure out the GOP's motive for doing this??
it's not the GOP. It's the ACA. It's imploding. Booker could help fix it if he cared.
Yep
fight for us Booker!!!
Booker will only do what Schumer tells him to.
so Schumer Fight for us? :)...i really hope someone fight for us in DC. Too much "caca" on the way to DC
I already lost my health insurance. $2700 a year for ins that was $1100 in 2016. What's wrong with that picture??? #ppo4me
looking for more handouts for the deadbeats that support you?--coming to an end
@USCBO if it was a better plan it wouldn't need to be replace
We don't want it!!  Stop trying to control us with your asinine programs.
@USCBO If they "repeal", they must simultaneously replace, immediately!
@USCBO ACA helps my friends, repeal would devastate them - ACA is not perfect so fix it not throw it away.
This is a sad day Cory...I still cant believe Trump* will be inaugurated.  Stay on point and protect the Middle Class please
@USCBO Cory, if Trump screws up replacing Obamacare, it'll give u a chance in 4 yrs time, get it?
@SenBookerOffice you can go to http://Congress.gov  to see the bills and votes
@SenBookerOffice the ACA is falling apart.  Get your butt in there and help come up with a solution instead of playing politics.
@USCBO
@USCBO God gave us 2 ears and one mouth so we listen more than we talk you should try it.
@USCBO should be a criminal action
settle down, we know who butters your bread, don't act all concerned when your $ isn't on the line
how do you feel betraying Americans who put you where you are.  Guess that 2020 run for president was a pipe dream
Booker is a politician. Same old swamp algae. 
Stop grandstanding and work together. Geez you get $175,000
Tell it to your Pharma Donors. 12 republicans including Ted Cruiz voted in favor. Corporate Dem stop pretending you give a ____.
@USCBO Where's all that outrage about getting to keep your doctor/provider from the @GOP now?
I am disappointed in you-you backed big pharma  and refused to allow cheaper Canadian drugs to be brought into the US.
booker actually voted yes for wyden amendment to lower costs:
The drug safety argument is bogus.  Canadian drugs are safe and mostly made in US. Many Americans already take them.
you will be up for reelection at some point maybe you should think about that before disagreeing with too many of trumps people
Translation: "I know I blew all my credibility by voting with Big Pharma, so hey look! Republicans!"
- will the "press" pick up this story? Doubtful...our "free press" seems to be trumpified.
Much more honest and accurate than the previous tweet. Well done. Really.
@USCBO Trump is the weakest president on record, day 1. Look 4 Repub's in Congress to take over. R.P. Is their forward guard
.@CoryBooker Of course if your BigPharma Wall $treet owners tell you to, you will vote with the GOP again, right you liar hypocrite sellout?
@USCBO Cory! You're better than this! Stop Fear Mongering & work for your constituents!
to me, it's irresponsible and racist.  Only reason they want to repeal is because Obama led it. No other reason. Fix premiums!
Yeah like the CBO is ALWAYS correct and accurate.
.@CoryBooker @SenatorMenendez Senators- pls remind your colleagues on the Hill that by losing by 2.8million votes, they have #NoMandate
Best part is according to @KaiserFamFound, most americans dont want to repeal the ACA
is your context already to compare coverage loss to #SinglePayerNow effect on #InsuranceIndustryJobs ?
hope u r marching Sat in solidarity for the protection of our rights, safety, health, and families!
@USCBO thank you for pointing it out.
It's macabre that they have zero consideration for millions of people and families. Thank you for fighting for the ACA. @CoryBooker
Many I know have their health cost rise 2 6,000 a year with a high deductible couldn't keep dr. Trump will fix no worries
@USCBO can we send you the deductibles in the NJ insurance that we have to pay because you keep on insisting on that ACA?
@USCBO  EVERYONE NOTICES IF MOM OR GRANDMA LOSES HEALTH CARE
they are not repealing for the uninsured it's for their pockets they have the best insurance they do not want America healthy
@realDonaldTrump it was the defining issue of the campaign. Your side lost. Suck it up Senator Buttercup.
Cory you're forgetting that it would give really really rich people a slight tax break so...seems pretty obvious to @SpeakerRyan
Introduce Medicare for all tomorrow Sen. Booker....I want u to be a true progressive my brother
@USCBO Keep fighting!
Our lives, literally, depend on it.
@USCBO anything to discredit the 1st AA pres. They destroy, n steal from the Amer then blame Dems! Not this time!
Have the idiots realized millions covered by plans not thru the Mktplace but are affected by the ACA?
@USCBO so not good
Republicans, like @SenTedCruz voted to import drugs from Canada.  You voted no, along with other pharma sellout democrats.
@USCBO I'm scared for my brother, who has mental health issues. Without insurance, he will have no meds. Same story of millions
Repeal Obamacare now. Thank you for lying about getting to keep my plan doctor and saving $2500. Burn it down!
Your Dr made the choice to not take ACA insurance. Political move
if you knew that you would have a lot more to sau other than trashing good people! You will never be President! Your a wanabe!!!
Maybe they wouldn't have to worry as much if prescription drugs were cheaper.
But I thought Trump was in favor of universal coverage. Must be true he tweeted it and he never lies.
@USCBO sickening! Why can't people open their eyes?!?
I am one of those people. My family accounts for four of them. Please fight tooth and nail for us!
stop blaming others for the dem failure known as ACA.  Now you have a chance to correct your parties abortion.
@USCBO I've only heard Republicans talking about repealing & replacing simultaneously so why won't u help? Big pharma  u not 2
voting against drug imports hurt you and I've been a long time fan of yours.
Not with you on this one @CoryBooker. Weary of politicians spinning, pivoting, self-interest. The transparency obvious. #ULostMe
Give them more time! They've only had 6 years to work on a replacement plan. sheesh.
I think the panels work is by majority support to say no. Example, Tillerson, it needs 10 D's & 1 R to stop him
disappointing but expected of them Maybe u should have voted for Americans to have access to affordable medicine #dirty13
maybe because he loves this country more than he hates PE Trump.
Say good bye to the ACA. It’s history. The socialist experiment failed, as they always do.
How's the bill to start importing drugs from Canada coming along?
This is absolutely terrifying.
