Many people who previously had insurance were forced to join obamacare. Thanks God it will be repealed & replaced
No one is forced. You can opt out and pay a fine. Others who desperately need hc now can get it
now you change your tune .. paying a FINE is being forced... you can call it what ever you want!
I stand by my original assertion.  A fine is a fine. You aren't forced. Your choice.
Millions lost their coverage due to the ACA. Then forced to make due with what was on exchanges. Forced.
Millions more got coverage that could never get it due to preexisting conditions, etc. Life is awesome
statement still debunked. And yea, creating a massive free rider problem and causing exchanges to collapse.
In 2014 we were dead last. Embarrassing. http://www.forbes.com/sites/danmunro/2014/06/16/u-s-healthcare-ranked-dead-last-compared-to-10-other-countries/#3de81d741b96 …
We have been here before. the cliff is only if a person chooses not to get a job!
typical answer of clueless human being who believes jobs just grow on trees with high pay and benefit
What goes around comes back around when you do bad things. End justifys the means !
I read that book 
Over a Cliff by Yugo First. nasty read
Great analogy.
Corey is lying for political gain
yep. back to more packed emergency rooms, dying undiagnosed, & tax payers footing the bill again. Nice job, Reps.
All I can say is this NASTY NURSE Is NOT willing to let the PATIENTS that I'M RESPONSIBLE 4 GET PUSHED! So, BACK OFF #congress peotus 
This coming from liberals who didn't even read the scam law until after it was passed.
That was the plan with sequestration, which has STILL not been addressed!
like when Pelosi said you have to pass ACA to find out what 's in it?
These liberals will continue to embrace this lie, despite the fact it is hurting people.
so true.
@rubbercitychris @CoryBooker defending the worst legislation ever that has raised costs? Millions still uninsured?  #moron
@BrianGresser  like signing it onto law before it was read by speaker Pelosi.  What was her quote again????
You talk too much,it's clear you don't represent everyone,that's very clear
corporatist dem. not listening. #NoDAPL
To Trump GOP voters who have and depend on insurance under ACA what were you thinking oh nothing
Love you Cory
Everything Trump says or does is "terrific". I think he means "terrorific". I know I'm "terrified"!
It's the same way Obama figured it out. Be patient Mr.Trump got it.
How is this different from having to pass a bill to see what's in it?
A visit use to be 25.00 bucks.  Now 320.00?  Did you every think people can afford "Affordable Healthcare.
this man is gonna be president !
Thank you,Cory. If I lose my insurance especially now when I'm considered "medically frail" I give up.
This young brilliant man needs to be president he's everything Donnie the Delinquent isn't 2020 CORY BOOKER
He's absolutely right!!!
We've got to be able to figure out costs of HC or the country will never get a handle on it..
Yep. Local reporter @Missyblog has made it a quest to get straight answers for medical costs. Entertaining
and distressing reading. They charge what they can get away with.
Wouldn't you if you were in private practice?
Problem when its for profit. And lawsuits make Drs do CYI medicine ordering tests that may not be needed.
Well, get the trial lawyers out of there with 'loser pays' they'd get 'religion' then
Cory your defense is anemic, and just self serving crap. Obama care is failed, and must be torn down and rebuilt
.@FaceTheNation @AnnWalthour @CoryBooker You mean like OBAMA CARE?
Sounds likehow Obamacare was introduced, we will have to read it to find out what is in it they said
You mean like Obamacare? "We have to pass the plan before we can know what's in it?" Nancy Pelosi.
is that like having to pass it to know what's in it?
viscous fake scare tactics. Disgusting. No more respect for Booker. Ocare must be repealed. Unaffordable & unfair
So Nancy Pelosi saying Dems dont know whats in ACA just pass the law is not the same thing. Fake
Democrats think we gonna spend another 8 years talkin about obamacare. Better repeal it or get fired
The @GOP health plan was Obamacare that's why they do have anything!
@StillLes4Hill @CoryBooker ...already been pushed off the cliff!  #SinglePayer
@StillLes4Hill @CoryBooker There are millions of people who cannot afford ACA yet don't qualify for subsidies.  They have ...
Video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGnE83A1Z4U …  showing @SpeakerRyan lookalike shoving Medicare Granny off a cliff?  Truth.  @CoryBooker
Don't worry we'll figure it out not like  @NancyPelosi "we have to pass ObamaCare to find out what's in it"
Except Democrats drove the bus to the edge of the cliff, then stepped out as it teetered on edge.

@MrDane1982 @CoryBooker 
Please Cory it's time to put our foot down and fight! There's no room for error.
Already building a strong case for 2020.
TY ! Dont understand the critics when all you are asking for is "show us the plan"
Any Democrat @ this point who isn't advocating for single-payer/medicare-for-all is a neoliberal corporate stooge
Ha! I used the same analogy.
this is a leader. A man who looks out for all Americans regardless of party affiliation. Thank you sir
Thanks for speaking out! Counting on you. #TrumpLeaks #NotMyPresident #preserveprogress
tell the truth. Obamacare was made to fail. HRC was to bring in universal HC. Typical North Jersey politician.
- one reminder that proceeds your 3 yr tenure, 7 members confirmed 8 years ago b4 inauguration day.Quit sniffling
- Scare tactics piss people off who use true logic... Obama care is why my employer provided health care doubled
@MissLeslieG @CoryBooker A trust fall. With your physical and financial health.
President Trump will look before he leaps... Trump and Ryan are politicians just like you!!
Help create the plan to replace it! You're elected to serve, not whine. Obamacare is broken,...
I agree with you...ACA is the best first step this country needs
Obamacare is hurting millions of people whose rates are going up because of bad planning by politicians!!!!!
is that how it got passed I remember Pelosi saying that you could read it after it gets passed
Ask Corey Why he supported #DNC HIRING thugs, 2 send 2 Trump Rally's 2 start fights & harass citizens
YES HE DID
Fake
your an idiot
But he voted for obamacare without knowing whats in it? This guy is a tool. #liblogic #MAGA
GOP trying to fly a 747 full of passengers saying the unchecked engine will not fail. Which airline would do that
GOP airline ACA analogy common sense but repeal ACA casualties would be in the millions.
we fight ISIS but systematically kill Americans on home turf by denying them access to health care/ paying for it
repeal ACA will be more successful at killing Americans than any terror group ever could hope to be
You did great Cory!  Very clear, concise and honest. Proud to have you in NJ
- the "horrible" ACA that lifted the ban on pre-existing conditions & life-time caps.Will the GOP throw that out?
Yes!  Thank you!
yes crazy and they are crazies who vote for leaders who supports such 'no ideas'
- the GOP has had 6 years to come up with a "replacement"...& they haven't...what were they waiting for?!
and a majority of those who will be negatively impacted are in RED states who voted Trump!!! #cantfixstupid
Thousands of people NEED the ACA. Your voice matters; come tell your story http://facesoftheACA.com 
If @GOP wants to repeal #ACA without replacement plan, then repeal healthcare for congress!
Isn't that how it was when it was put in place! Pelosi said we had to wait til it passed to know how bad it was?
u actually think ppl forgot Pelosi "we hv 2pass the bill 2find out what's in it" when u say Repbs need 2show?
A good voice of reason Thank you! #ProtectOurCare
I  Mr. Booker
oh such a good example of how some Republicans think.
http://conservativetribune.com/discovered-kerrys-daughter/ … this has gotta be fake news
Another BILDERBERG Satanist asking us to join him http://acardworld.blogspot.com/2015/07/moloch-ultra-extra-terrestrial-angel-of.html …
You're nuts.
you  keep ignoring what they are actually saying to push your negative whiny agenda. Pple have already lost covrg
ha ha ha  @CoryBooker is a clown - he once said on the senate floor that he DROVE to Hawaii as a teenager from NewJersey #MTP
The  difference between GOP and Dems is one obstructs and the other works for the people.
Now we're talking
