CBO just scored the “skinny repeal” bill. 16M Americans would lose insurance + 20% spike in premiums, per senior Dem aide
My healthcare costs have more than doubled in the past two years along with everyone I work with. You don't seem to care at all. Just resist
Watching you now on CSPAN. Thank you for speaking out against this Republican insanity, secrecy, and immorality
What is your recommendation? No ideas. Just resist. Typical Dems response.
I am trouble why you, Senator Booker, and the rest of the Dems, gushed over Sen McCain. He was the 50th vote.
Why would Repubs make it better? They are doing what MO does. Paint it different, then Ram it thru, ram it thru, until it passes.
@CoryBooker Blah blah blah!
Awww, poor baby is sick. We had 8 years of sick with #Obamacare. Where were your values then?
Vote it down!  Block the  clown!
Thank you for all you do for your constituents
When will they ever stop and move on?
Keep fighting for us, Senator USA
Time for universal care!
Sounds like Obamacare. 
Rome is fuckin burning, u dems are playing the fiddle! Focus -Russians/Republicans/Autocract/takeover! Stop fiddling, & save democracy!

.@SenateGOP should not pass #SkinnyRepeal so the House can pass & send straight to the President--w/o consideration, hearings, scoring. 
THIS CANCER SURVIVOR TREATED ON OBAMACARE SAYS PLEASE RESIST!
Expand Medicaid to help those who earn less than the median income for their county.  Not a national dollar amount on a ceiling subsidys
Your only considering those who should be on Medicaid. Folks with a median income are left out for me it's 820 mo +6280 ded its unaffordable
Perhaps Americans didn't realize, the recent vote, where every Dem voted NO, asked for discussion.  Dems refuse 2 discuss except 2 complain?
Dems refuse a clean repeal then whine about the skinny.  They don't want GOP to succeed where they failed.  Vote these obstructionists out!
The best coverage is no coverage for anyone.  Or universal coverage.  Cut out the partisan nonsense and work on solutions. You're a leader.
Taxpayers, vote these obstructionists out in 2018,  They R against common sense!  Would rather C Amcns go without then cooperate w/GOP.
Gop doesn't want a skinny repeal.  We want a clean repeal.  Take two years to get .this right.  But Dems wld rather threaten constituents.
Classic lie/misinfo. #'s come from removing mandate that FORCED people to buy, by threat of jail/fine. 320 mil suffer to give 20 mil free
@CoryBooker @GOP and Obamacare gave u insurance, but not healthcare
"Rates have gone up on insurance plans. Deductibles are higher. Coverage is less. The gap is getting wider." – Dr. Ryan Stanton 
Cory your name will be exposed in the emails of the arrested man computer
hard to take anything away from people who where getting it for free (by the way nothing is free)
I assume the skinny bill includes Ted Cruz's junk policies that cost less and are nearly worthless for coverage?
Actually - people who are not forced to take the insurance will drop it, is that what you mean? Plus, where's your solution? Waiting..
Please vote no until they let the Democratics and independents participate
Not acceptable in any shape, form, or fashion! When did we become a nation that is okay with marginalizing 16 million of our citizens??
The only thing that changes about the #GOPhealthcare plan is the ever increasing number of people who would be kicked off their insurance.
The only thing that protected me from the travesty of Obamacare was my company eating the rise in premiums. #RepealObamacare
Mitch McConnell doesn't care about the health of Americans; his aim is two-fold - ensure his re-election in 2018 and a Republican majority.
Are you brain dead?  Remember you can keep your doctor, lie.  You can keep your insurance, lie premium going down, lie!
are they weighting how many acceptable casualties the American people will feel "OK" with? is the magic number 10M? we can kill 10M & be OK
Has anyone proposed a national reinsurance plan similar to what Alaska is considering?
Cory Booker is a fraud.
McConnell and Republicans LYING TO AMERICA ABOUT WHAT BILL THE ARE PASSING....THEY ARE PASSING ORIGINAL HOUSE TRUMPCARE
You are fathers what you will have in front of your children facing this cruelty that is seen all day in the DRC ? nobody speaks
Is the debate over?  Have you all had the final vote yet?
Cory stop hanging out with Ivanka and Jared and get back to fucking work.
THEN REPEAL ACA !IT HAS BEEN WITH US FOR 8 YEARS !WHY ARE THEY IN A HASTY RUSH?  A FEW MONTHS WILL NOT MAKE A DIFFERENCE!
The end of Republican healthcare is the same as the end of Democrat healthcare -- "And costs skyrocket"

Stop supporting either party.
You forgot profits for the few skyrocket!
WOULD YOU GIVE YOUR CHILD A BICYCLE TO LEARN ON ?OR A TRICYCLE ?EVERYTHING HAS A CERTAIN STAGE TO INITIATE !FIRST COME UP WITH A GREAT BILL+
Please stop this bill keep up the good fight Thank you. The news is so exhausting and crazy.
I suppose the huge tax cuts are still in the "skinny bill"?
You know that is dishonest because it is only 1/2 of the process & they arent only repealing it. You do a disservice to your office sir
so where are you, sitting on the sidelines doing nothing, whining no plan, no help for american people just an obstructionist
@potus @flotus @JohnKasich @vp. People need coverage not to be kicked off the an. Give us the plan the senators have!!!!!!!!!
And the healthcare CEO's get richer and richer. No one deserves a $20m salary!! Get costs under control, don't kick people off healthcare!
If they keep trying to push this on us, what's the point? I don't get it.
Agreed! Thanks for opposing #TrumpCare! Dems need to seize this moment to come out in support of #UniversalHealthCare
Senator, please help the Dems with their messaging. #ABetterDeal is not new or innovative, won't win elections. #UniversalHealthCare will.
Oh yeah that will work. Millions of Americans who thing the ACA is bad will suddenly embrace even more Sovietism. Keep believing the polls.
If that isn't the pot calling the kettle black.
Didn't insurance companies send letter saying "skinny repeal" would collapse markets? Didn't near It mentioned by Dems.
Not 1 person should lose healthcare...it's a right not a privilege 
Meet the new plan, same as the old plan
Thank you for fighting to protect our health insurance access with every tool in your arsenal. My family depends on the ACA.
Yikes.  Obamacare care is so unaccepted and unaffordable your better off with Medicaid if they would expand it.
Healthcare saved my life. (Here's lil thread about it) Thank u 4 continuing to fight so we all continue to have it
I would literally be dead or bankrupt if it weren't for insurance 
@SenateGOP - the people can tell when you don't have anything! Stop trying to take care away from sick kids! #KeepKidsCovered @AmerAcadPeds
