
The preventable loss of one America life is too many
2nd, it s wrong tht Im barred frm n e educational opportunity. Yt undocumented immigrants tht cnt spk the English language r alwd 2 cme
Stop fear monger
Are you sure all 800,000 are employed ?
The number is closer to 860k and those are the ones we know about. I bet the gang bangers aren't employed.
2 U, Rutgers hurting me by violating the Americans with Disabilities Act law s NT a big issue 2 u, b/c it wldn't gv u much of a spotlight.
i also thought as senator you would have saw you have 6 months to solve this? are you scared of timeline? i no how little senators work...
So why did you not introduce legislation to make it into law? This is your job!
i mean picking them up from passiac depot,paying them 80 bucks day under books is always good for america right cory?right on
And how much will it cost taxpayers to implement deportation of the 800,000 dreamers?  300 BILLION.
dude,6 months they have to pass it LEGAL. stop talking booker,and work! work! American people want both sides to get fair deal.not one.
hre, pursue n earn a masters/ph.D, n lead successful lives. Althgh Im nt a supporter of his, Im gld tht he rescinded DACA n DREAM.

You're going to tell me that less than 0.25% of the US population contribute 2.5% of the national GDP? You're a joke and a fraud.

Corrupt Cory you'll Democrats had 8 years to fix this issue! Our President along congress going to fix it in six months! We Trump 2020 !
-Made up, FAKE, unsubstantiated numbers!What about the COST TO THE American Taxpayers of the illegal immigrant population? $600B over 20 yrs
deport them all..
Your voice matters only when you vote.
I call B.S.  Each job held by an illegal is one less job for Americans.
Well congress should of done something about it years ago.. You dummy
You are in Congress. Do your job and fix this.
First of all Mr. Booker, I ws denied disability services in the United States, n ws nt alwd 2 pursue a grad schl prgrm tht I ernd admns.
dead wrong.
He is seeking to baffle all with bullshit!
even tho young black people have unemployment rate of over 25 percent easy. lets give dreamers job,after come here illegal! great policey
Sir,what is the source of that number?

If they are sending $120 billion each year out of America ..
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2271455/Revealed-How-immigrants-America-sending-120-BILLION-struggling-families-home.html …
How many US $s will stay in US the next 10 years?
WELL!
Stop confusing #PresidentCrazyPants with facts!
But what he says is not true. Read up.
So they're all going to contribute about $50,000 each to the U.S. economy annually? How many unemployed Americans could do the same jobs?
THATS FINE!!! WE CAN ADJUST!THATS FINE!!! WE CAN ADJUST!THATS FINE!!! WE CAN ADJUST!THATS FINE!!! WE CAN ADJUST!THATS FINE!!! WE CAN ADJUST!
shocking to see you fight for this,but not them who really need jobs.also nice when i see them sitting at depot liotering for illegal work!
ya, and help americans get jobs first...sorry booky,but i no plenty of people in newark who can use jobs,ptown,passiac,camden...
That is a total lie. An assumption based on nothing. So sad that you sink this low and don't respect citizens enough to be honest.
How so? Crunch the numbers for me.
Oh Senator Booker! President Trump is SAVING the dreamers. He just gave congress six months to do their job. You need to thank @POTUS
And make american made stand for somthing that Washington has not done for a life time leech
@mashagessen has it right.
In which I rail against some of the standard arguments. Immigrants Shouldn’t Have to Be ‘Talented’ to Be Welcome https://nyti.ms/2xPadp4 
you break my heart you crook.
Bullshit! !
Even you are reducing people's worth to their economic output. What's wrong with you?
correct  #Dreamact include legalDreamers
@RepJayapal   @RepRoKhanna  @CongressmanRaja  @RepBera  @KamalaHarris @TulsiPre @SenBookerOffice
A civilization is not defined by it's economy.
All they can see is color. If it's not white it scares the sh*t out of Trumpians.
Booker as usual is all style no substance. This is a congressiobal problem. Booker couldn't even lead a scout troop.
I think there comes a time when you have to look out for your own people, in this case African Americans.
@CoryBooker This is good to know cause the "human" side of it doesn't seem to matter.   Money-thats what matters.

SAVE THE DREAMers!!!
Why didn't they follow the law and become citizens we are not entitled, we all have responsibility as you stated in your great book United.
That's $57,500 per person per year. If you use 100 years instead of 10, you can get an even BIGGER number in the trillions
There are not 800k dreamers in the workforce most are on welfare.  In the workforce is a lie!!!
How much did ending slavery cost?  Monetary arguments aren't just arguments - their self centered arguments. I expect more of our "Leaders"!
Sad folks need monetary reason to do what is right for another human or in this case 800,000 of them. Change the framework of conversation!
#CongressDoYourJob  #DREAMers  #DACA
Does this factor in expenses for welfare, schooling, free health care etc. That the illegals routinely get.
It's so funny to read the comments of people reacting as if you were telling them the truth.
Can you (or likely one of your office staff) be any more full of crap?
Senator, shame! all you guys have to do is get together and pass the legislation allowing them to stay. You may have to work with repubs.
Why are you fear mongering, Senator? No one is removing people from the workforce. POTUS said he wants the issue addressed by Congress.
Hire able bodied Americans who are sucking off welfare and unemployment so we save save save tax dollars MAGA post jobs @ welfare offices
So work w other side to pass a real law.  It's in your hands now so no one wants to hear your excuses. #getitdone
Thank Senator for fighting to #DefendDACA, NJ stands w/you!
People forget that competitors for jobs are also customers, participants.
Reducing the number of participants reduces the overall size of the economy, not the proportion of jobs to workers.
Senator what part of the immigration laws do you wish to adhere too?
Now there's some fuzzy Math. Dumbest statement ever!  No one is buying this ridiculous stat!
You guys can put it into law congress has 6 months make it happen my brother.
Booker did you help with the Houston clean up? Buy some buckets and mops and start working! Do something real for ones.
A President who governs without heart must have a very brutal past! There's something intrinsically sick about him!
As an immigrant I have to say, I thought USA was founded on equality, it's not fair others get a free pass.
Instead of removing #Dreamers , @POTUS needed to change the TAX systems for #Dreamers easily to start individual business..
That I thought.
Your constituents are watching. No to #daca= death of American Competitive Advantage.
Fallacy
Most aren't in the workforce yet so where did you pull those numbers from? I know....
http://Uh.how  many trillions is America in debt? Do you care about our future as a nation? Things cannot go on as usual.
@realDonaldTrump how about that?

Jobs! Jobs! Jobs! 

SAD!

#ImpeachTrumpNow 

#YouContinueToSuck
Isn't that nice. He had his staff create a nice power point to try to sell his lies. Pictures are worth 1000 words but are still a lie
Ok
He married an immigrant and his father was an immigrant arrested at a KKK rally. Why does he hate  so much. #notmypresident
Hey Corey, the ACA has killed GDP and jobs. Repeal it and see what happens.  GDP go up, unemployment go down.  Hire ALL and only Americans!
Liberals are totally useless in times of crisis!
He is not getting rid of dreamers.. just making lazy Congress do thier job and make them legal with a RESTRUCTURE
#StandWithDreamers
Maybe it will give employment to the thousands that are out of work.  Those that have already fell from the unemployment stats.
If you are worried about filling those jobs, there are millions of unemployed citizens & legal residents who will gladly take them.
Not really that's part of the problem
It's easy enough to require those on unemployment to be required to take those jobs, or risk losing their benefits.
Sweet jesus your constituents are fools electing yoy. The jobs just wont magically disappear.
Well, get to work with Congress and stop tweeting. Get it done.
Amd having 800,000 Americans introduced to the workforce will increase the US GDP by $460.3 billion over 10 years. 
Facts matter senator.
Booker 2020? Wish you the best sir!
Total nonsense. You do realize UR a senator for America and not Syria, Iran, mexico, columbia, etc. U Actively work to undermine America.
SEN. Booker: please lead opposition to this, find legislative route to thwart POTUS!
Dear sir. Thank you for doing the big number math that @realDonaldTrump was unwilling and incapable of doing to make the informed decision
And you just accept that number as fact?? Lol
Deporting racist Dreamer gang members like Pedro Espinoza from 18th St might stop the deaths of Black Americans in California.
Ur logic is incorrect.Although I want the Dreamers to stay, many if not most of those jobs would be absorbed by unemployed or new entrants
Senator, you're lying about the facts. Shame on you! Hope your constituents are reading carefully. Elections are approaching.
Don't forget the HOMES they own!
Why do you idiots always think everything is a zero sum gain? That means 8K Americans will have jobs.  Duuuuuuh
@CoryBooker what about delaying the 33k applicants right now. How many Muslims have died waiting on travel ban?
Great news for hard working americans that pay for our children education, medical ,housing and pay taxes and we have to pay for food to ass
Rubbish…it opens up 800000 jobs for legitimate, legal, American citizens!! AMERICA FIRST!!!
Dreamers will be deported to countries that WANT them.. their skills... their drive... their compassion. That they learned in the USA. SAD!
Booker your a typical dummycrat  spreading half truths and propaganda to the gullible.
It will.decrease crime too, so the loss in GDP will be more than compensated.
Just like the Muslim ban, (and evrything else he's tried to do) this will never come to fruition.
And I'm sure we'll offset those losses by reinvigorating our coal industry. (snort)
The inmates are running the asylum...
This is a lie. It will create 800k jobs for US citizens. Net GDP effect: 0
Do the math 45
Make welfare riders get a job
What is sad is  45 doesn't read, doesn't understand numbers, & doesn't even understand what the US GDP means. Ignorance is the standard
Keep smoking your liberal crack
For your personal gain and prosperity. You need to come up with a better platform than legalizing marijuana, killing our kids.
but kill our loved ones. All of members of Congress jobs are on the line. Enough is enough, can't manipulate the American people anymore...
Our population has been drugged enough, 50,000 deaths a year. That's a destructive ploy to get votes, you want to support Daca...
Vote for ending the Daca program, support Trump's agenda and do not legalize marijuana.
Economic facts are not a good argument. It is immoral to deport children.
These are not kids, they are adults.
"Approximately 426,329 immigrants between the ages of 5 and 14 might meet the requirements of the deferred action initiative at some point"

Bingo amigos! Now comes the ugly Truth: "If it don't make dollars,it don't make sense!"(DJ Quick)Want the white man's attention:say money!
I'm sure giving them billions in undeserved benefits won't help our country either.
Educate yourself Bateman! Stop the misinformation.
GDP has just risen to the highest in 2 years at 3%. Shame that big companies will have to employ Americans with livable wages, right?
Please provide a source to your phony statistics as well. Looks like your model is a little off.
You've only had 8 years to reform immigration, don't put it on the @POTUS Do your damn job
Every. Single. Day......This man does something to rip apart the fabric that this country is made of.  What a mess.....

Plz reflect on past ten yrs: Association of Certified Fraud Examiners annual reports. Major up-tick in fraud globally#DACA
workforce/law won't be so inundated with crime, under-the-table incomes &  international transfer of funds, aiding terror.
I am sure no one will take their jobs............
removing the immunity from taxation is a must; and citizenship services available to demonstrate measurable assimilation.
what, don't you think they will fill these jobs with US citizens
#DefendDACA
#StandWithDreamers
You know what you and your colleagues need to do. #SaveDACA
Please tell me there are plans to help protect the #DREAMers
