This is the worst idea in the history of ideas. #bankruptUSA
Funny how all these countries also had the "worst idea in history" before landing on the best HC in the world list. http://nordic.businessinsider.com/the-16-countries-with-the-worlds-best-healthcare-systems-2017-1/ …
Lol. Propaganda.
Instead of talking about who pays for it, we should conquer cost first. Our federal government would not make good decisions around care
The federal govt wouldn't be making the decisions, your provider would, just like how they do with Medicaid and Medicare right now.
Not true! I have you ever been on Medicaid? People in my family have. You are dreaming if you think the government will not control it.
I'm on Medicaid right now, pal. And I'm getting good healthcare. I wish more doctors took it, but the govt isn't dictating my healthcare.
Case in point! You wish more doctors took it! You are controlled and limited to the care you can choose. That's not a choice.
WHAT TOOK YOU SO LONG?
????? https://twitter.com/CoryBooker/status/907403438216138752 …  - Been talking about this for a long time.
RT if you believe health care is a RIGHT. #MedicareForAll 
Spoken like a true communist. Just ignore the simple fact that doctors/nurses/caregivers don't work for free.
Neither do cops or fire fighters, but I'm going to assume that you wouldn't turn down their help should you need it.
Yeah because cops and firefighters have the same kind of schooling as doctors
So people should just die if they're poor. How nice of you
Never said that. But nice try
Lol what do you expect to happen when we don't treat people's medical problems? Don't act stupid.
WE? People are responsible for themselves. Maybe when grow up one day and move outta mommies house you'll understand that.
If we take this as a premise, then people should die if they're poor.
"should be a right not dependent on wealth"

What American is born with the duty to pay the price for this "right"?
The same Americans born w a duty to pay taxes, to pay for car insurance, etc.
You claim I am a slave to America's government

I proclaim I am free
But remember Medicare is paid coverage. How are you funding #MedicareZforAll ?
Glad you're on the right side of history - maybe not on financial services sector or #DoddFrank, but certainly on #MedicareForAll
I thank John Conyers for his hard work starting in 2003.
https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/676 …
No right can exist that relys on the labor, wealth, or property of other individuals.
Amen
Nobody seems to get this - it's really sad.  Politicians flash this and ppl cannot grasp the impracticality of it...
Taxes can be levied to pay for such a thing. That's how a society works. Right or no right, good idea that will only get more popular
Don't think so b/c still a majority in this country that believes in free markets and what country was built on hard work pay ur own way
Except free markets are a myth. No system is a free market. For lower costs, covering all, and better outcomes, Medicare for all way to go
It would be free markets if gov got  out of way. Lasek eye. No ins coverage started at 3000.00 now dwn to 199.00 for one eye other free.
Free market is garbage for any long term or sustained HC needs. Free market + HC = antithetical.  US number 1 for HC bankrupcies.
Not a right pal, you should know this by now
Grifter.
Where is the white paper ? Till then, ...yawn.
Medicare for All will give us quantity healthcare.  Quality, not so much. Visit a VA.
@BernieSanders's bill is Medicare for all. Medicare recipients are among the most satisfied in the US.
Medicare covers ~55 million today; insolvency projected by 2029. If Medicare must cover all ~300 million, how will we pay? Satisfied not.
1/2 Medicare 4 All will be like what our Republican Congress members enjoy.  Can't be too bad or they'd buy private. How do we pay for it?
2/2 If $4.7 trillion from war isn't enough, we can gut welfare for the rich. So that's $21 trillion... w/o raising taxes #MedicareForAll
Nor on what state you happen to live in.
Thank you @CoreyBooker
Please continue Let insurance co's cover the 1% or anyone who want reg ins like they do in England. The ins co can overcharge them! 
Cory, the only way that healthcare will be a right, is a constitutional amendment.  If you want to work on that, knock yourself out
I'd like to know who or rather how we will pay for that? USA already 20 trillion in debt. Where's money going to come from? Please explain.
How much of that 20 trillion is bombs dropped on third world countries and no peep from debt-concerned US citizens? Maybe fewer of those?
Rather have bombs dropped over there than bombs dropped here or planes flown into buildings here. Just sayin.
Thanks for demonstrating why US is so hated. You let 9/11 happen by not holding your intelligence agencies and military complex accountable.
Thanks for demonstrating you're not normal.Normal people don't fly planes in bldgs.Normal people don't make excuses for it. They attacked us
Your govt funded/trained groups that fly planes into buildings. Then went into perpetual war in an unrelated country inspiring more fanatics
Hope you enjoy your "normal" middle class life. Your grandkids won't, because like you said: the US taxpayer can't afford any more of this.
Then why did you vote against allowing seniors to travel to Canada to buy cheaper prescription drugs? #youcanthaveitbothways
real question here is why should they have to go elsewhere to afford meds???????????
Glad you're on board! Let's keep fighting hard from now into the next election cycle and get it passed when Dems have the majority again.
Idiot.
why do I have to support the obese chain smokers of the world?
Then maybe you can go on to discuss Medicare negotiating better pharmacutical prices Senator.
Sure thing Cory... ILLEGALS should be a RIGHT, too. You're lying to your people pal.  The Govt. should not be in my bedroom Beat it boys
Stick with lying about your service
You do realize that Medicare healthcare in the US is a pile of shit, that the third world countries actually provide better. 
This would be an improved Medicare-for-all with no co-pays or deductibles, and it'd be comprehensive.
Actually Taiwan based their entire universal healthcare system on our Medicare system, so it must have its good points.
Once again, the here and now.. Medicare is a pile of shit. Woulda coulda nonsense...the quality of people- doctors, tech....all crap
So.. You're Medicare for all and on MSNBC Sanders ranting on single payer.. Here we go again. I agree with you.
It is literally impossible for health care to be a right. Nothing can be a right if it requires the output of another's labor.
Please keep walking with ALL AMERICANS IN THIS STRUGGLE FOR OUR RIGHT TO BE HEALTHY & RECEIVE QUALITY CARE WE DESERVE . WE NEED YOUR VOICE
You absolutely have not read this.
Being a good citizen and NOT preying on others should be a mandated requirement of any tax related benefits, such as health care.
Hopefully this is not just lip service from #neolib @TheDemocrats considering 2018 and 2020 is coincidently around the corner.
And you're a sell-out mofo too! Voted against the drug import bill!  #wethepeople haven't forgotten 
I supppse u think medical personnel will provide care to people just for the hell of it? Your ideas are out of touch with reality
How do you, as a citizen, support this bill?Do I call/email someone? As a recipient of public assistance, I would like to lend some support.
@BernieSanders Talk about increasing supply side, triple med school, nursing, and dental school enrollment...free/now! Costs go
Smart move!
Medicare isnt perfect, but it's a good start. Can your #MedicareForAll lower the 20% copay that currently exists on most #healthcare costs?
Us less wealthy people would be able to afford #healthcare if you dirty politicians would keep your grimy power hungry hands out of it. 
How can you have a RIGHT to take something from SOMEONE ELSE for your own benefit?  You don't understand the US CONSTITUTION....
Thank you!
Respectfully senator, you are misusing the word "right".
2020
Also would like to add a country without borders is not a country. Dig tunnels, really?
"The democracy will cease to exist when you take away from those who are willing to work and give to those who would not."
Thomas Jefferson
damn Cory you fucken late to the goddamn game.
And the reason you wouldn't vote for Bernie's bill to get cheaper drugs? Oh that's right you take big pharmas money
You will not do a government takeover of health care.  Forget it.
Overutilization has driven costs out of site, advertizing drives unnecessary use, MDs cave and torte reform is essential!
You are wrong, it is not a right, but should be affordable for all.  It became "big business" and prices skyrocketed.  Over regulated!
Great explanatory video about how single payer saves us all money: http://bit.ly/wfsinglepayer  perfect for sharing
Unconstitutional. You just  want to further line your pockets. Disgusting how you use the poor, especially minorities.
Yes
@InsistenceMarch to #Insist on #HealthcareForAll
A RIGHT?  Just like free college, free food, free transportation....why should people work?
Goods and services should be taken by decree, not reciprocated, and thats why I support the Medicare for All Act!
Thank you!!
Good for Sen.Booker! If enough of you get together to legislate MediCare for All - THEN we will truely be able to say HealthCare is a right!
Hi Cory  support Medicare for All in theory.  But what happens when Babyboomers age, do we pay Millions to prolong life no matter the cost?
How about pharma drugs from outside this country. You bought and sold jerk. Health care wud be a shit load cheaper if u wud help w that.
I strongly agree with you!
Thank you! And thanks for so many kind words to keep our spirits up.
What about the prescription drug plan you voted against?
Great move <3
Fantastic!  Keep recruiting!
All talk and no action, both sides of congress. Pitiful that all y'all do is talk, blame and no action!!!!!

Does that mean that you and congress will have the same healthcare, copays, and guidelines as those on welfare?
I'm running in NY11. Support us with some follows. We need that congressional seat to pass the Medicare For All bill!
How are you planning on paying for it?
I agree. Everyone in the world should be given quality healthcare at our expense.
Hell yes, thank you for this!
Thank you, Senator @CoryBooker !  Where do you stand on big pharma and insurance companies contributions?
Bernie says the same thing. Same bill?
Welcome to the fight. Sure glad it was finally to your political advantage to do the right thing, but nevermind. Glad you're here.
Check out my feed on this if you have a chance.  The inhuman response I got will probably shock you. It shocked me.
Oops, this was meant for you, not Cory Booker. One of these days I'll learn how Twitter works. Ha!
Thank you senator!
Thank you for co sponsoring! @CoryBooker Quality Healthcare  shouldn't be a luxury!
#SaveLives
Thank you!
Cool.  Still not voting for you.
#BigPharmaWhore #WeSeeYou 
Well believe it when we see proof. Everything you've voted for doesn't back it. Stop taking money from big pharma.
Idiot
You have no right to anyones services.
I am so grateful to have Medicare. It has been excellent insurance. Don't believe the Republican Trolls.
Thank you @CoryBooker @SenBookerOffice
Thank you Cory Booker!
Will this apply to you and everyone in congress? Leave it to the free market, oh i forgot you guys don't believe in the free market.
Then please tell me why you voted against negotiating for prescription drug prices -
yes sir! Keep fighting Bernie! I love you. Make sure all the Dems who co-sponsor your bill are there to vote.
YES , and please run for PRESIDENT!
You have to raise our taxes for "free" health care. If I have pay I would like to choose my own. Take President Trump's advice.
Where does this claim that healthcare is a right originate?
And how are you going to pay for this. Raise our taxes?  Not a good idea
But is my healthcare and Joe Blow's heaithcare going to be the same healthcare you're getting?
USA doesn't want another PONSY SCHEME!This always shoulders on the working class2pay4ppl who won't work,DC elite need2apply laws2 themselves
Did you return all of the Big Pharma donations made in your name?
Cory, y'all need to address the fact that it doesn't cover abortion services or dental. Don't compromise, please.
Agreed. However that would require getting rid of the Hyde Amendment first (for abortion services). Which we should totally do anyway.
Agreed!
Debt is at 20 trillion, where are you going to cut to pay for this?  60-70% taxes to middle class?  To pay for those that refuse to work?
Trump may just surprise everyone. 
https://twitter.com/greenfield64/status/906894419961421825 …
Get real!
Easy to grandstand when the bill won't pass. Where were you last year? Besides taking money from Big Pharma?
And who do we sue if the government cannot provide this service as promised as a right?
and cutting your pharma ties?
This is what our nation needs Go @CoryBooker @SenSanders @SenJeffMerkley and all other leaders
Now? How is that going to affect all your big pharm money? Perhaps you are doing it to try and look progressive knowing it won't pass.
Stand for the people for more than a couple days this time okay Cory?
Health care should absolutely NOT be a "right"
Shouldn't food and shelter also be rights?
Last i checked the constitution did not list health insurance as a right.
It would be nice if you reconsidered your stance on importing cheaper prescription drugs into the U.S., sir.
That's not why. You want to run in 2020. Lol. Put yourself and others on OUR healthcare THEN talk politicians =POG
Give me a break Corey. Medicare for all is a half-assed bill & you know it. Talk to me when you eliminate insurance companies & kickbacks.
It's easy to stand behind a bill you know will never pass and will never eliminate insurance companies.
Quit calling medicare-for-all single-payer because it's not.
And who is going to pay for it? The same hard working people who pay for welfare, food stamps, public housing, etc.?
And who's gonna benefit from it? The same hard working people AND their fellow citizens... Problem?
Yes, we have way too many people who do not pay their fair share. Welfare, food stamps, housing, free phones, free medical. Enough already.
Yeah, I agree, the people that benefit most from entitlements should get off em. Talk to your fellow republicans for us.... 
60 to 80% are democrats on welfare so...

Stopped where it said "liberal policy group study." Any study by a politicized group is usually skewed.
it's backed up by facts and statistics. but when your unsupported statements are debunked discredit the source, right? 
If you want to become President @CoryBooker yall gotta dump big pharma and keep doing progressive crap! So simplistic right. Well it'll work
So whats the new tax rate on the middle class? Going to need lots of money to pay for this and the rich have started hiding theirs.
Careful don't want to anger all the healthcare companies in your pocket.  #phony
Then so should quality plumbing.  Or quality electrical.  Or quality car service.  Where does it stop.  It never does.  Weak get weaker
Quality free speech should be a right not dependent on wealth—that's why I'm proposing the Megaphones and Bottles of Pee for All Act (MBPAA)

Will it even be brought up for a vote? 
https://youtu.be/qitAZcorCe0 
Did you vote for this?
Quality firearms should be a right not dependent on wealth—that's why I'm proposing the Assault Rifles for All Act (ARAA).
Cory, to make Medicare for All will cost an absolute fortune. That said, you will have to work with the medical industry to reduce costs.
What rights, under the constitution, does the US government pay for?

Looking at the 2nd amendment guys; where's my assault rifle?

Pay up!
Much better, lst time U voted againsr  a Bernie bill tht would hv allowed Amer 2 buy meds frm Canada. Evn sm R voted 4 it. #BiGPharmaBooker
Not sure I trust you since you voted against getting cheaper drugs through Canada.
Good luck in 2020.
If you want Medicare for all then all should pay for it, not just the so called wealthy. Medicare tax will be what 12% of income, maybe more
You take medicare. You should have to take anything you push on us. You screwed up HC once already and  made a heck of a mess. GO AWAY
Finally. A smart American.
Don't want medicare for all. Does that mean medicare for you also? Mom is on medicare, and she has to have a supplement and another for meds
For you too?
Or just us?
How do you define quality?
What a concept
So our rights now include life liberty and the pursuit of happiness free healthcare free cell phone free food free college. Anything else?
Where's your nod to Sen. Kennedy (& others) who have come before you, Senator? See Ted here:
Prove it...
CB man, you hear about this ted cruz guy getting horny online?
Did you hear about Hilarys husband?
What type of health care do u have?
That's right, you corporate dems better get behind the most popular politician in America. @SenSanders @burberryant @jojokejohn
How come we don't get the same health care as elected officials?

Obamacare is imploding now you want single payer system. is that why congress exempted  themselves? Democrats still have no message
@SenToomey @SenBobCasey care to comment, Co author
Have to change the fact that poverty is always the underlying cause..for everyone
How are you going to pay for it?
About fucking time...
Currently people on Medicare have worst healthcare outcomes than those without insurance. Who will have healthcare when bankrupt?
Cory it's a real shame you don't take this approach when it comes to the cost of drugs
thank you for your service and representation of "the people"!
Can you also work on fixing the funding cliff facing America's Federally qualified community health centers, please? Deadline is 9/30/17.
Thank you. Please do all you can to convince your colleagues to co-sponsor it as well. Americans desperately need this right.
#newarknjproud
Stop take bribes from Big Pharma.
Does the bill include Dentistry, Ophthalmology, Podiatry and other forms of medical help needed by everyone?
Lots of these extensions of medical or integrate health care do not take Medicare. Especially Medication costs.
Thank you. Will you now pledge to not take more $$ from big pharma?
That'd be the day.
Rationed healthcare for all except you shitweasels. We know the scam. Socialism is for the masses, not the Socialists.
Great let's get it started
Rockstar
Anyone who works pays part of their wage into Medicare. Those who don't contribute should take from those who do? Really??
Are you going to vote to lower prescription costs this time? Or are you just pandering...again
Thank you for your help in turning that pony into a raging stallion.
Thanks - how will MFA deal with abortion coverage?
Abortions shall not be paid for by the American taxpayer!
That would be great
"...And because there aren't enough big pharma employees to ensure my re-election"
right vs left crap that you can sell to SOME liberal idiots on the left. corrupt dems and GOP serve price gouging pharma and insurance corps
it has no chance of passing.Corrupt Dems doing ZERO for healthcare.#publicoption buy in will end price gouging insurance CORPORATE WELFARE
@CoryBooker, providing healthcare for all is a good idea, but how can you ensure it will be quality healthcare?
Health care is not a right at all. It's a service offered by a corporation or company. Government needs to get out of it. Fix our debt first
Comi g from the man who took 300k from big pharma to block a bill allowing import of cheaper drugs..youare a hypocrite
Paging @SenGillibrand @SenSchumer cosponsor the Medicare for All bill! History is in the making.
@Bernlennials @Medium Any insurance companies involved? Big pharma? I call you PAC man.
#MedicareForAll 
You know braddah I have been wary bc of some questionable neoliberalism, but this just earned you a follow & a little faith from me mahalo!
Doesn't change the fact that you're a corporate democrat.
Thank you for always standing up! #booker2020 
If we're going to do this, we need to make sure there are NOT lifetime limits. People with PEC need to know they'll be insured.
Thought you were still taking that big pharma $$? Or is there still a "pause" on that?
Yup.He's running.He'll say he supports the issues he thinks can get him a win. But, what's he really done? Will have to see how it turns out
Stop taking money from healthcare lobbyists and I'll believe you!
for profit hosps are now as bad as for profit fake colleges
just get ill/injured USA they will find out
I hope you get it soon because I'd like to see you run for president
I like you Cori but I do believe your timing is totally off at this point in time we're not focused on Healthcare we have bigger fish to fry
Who pays, Cory?
Something is fishy here… This is the guy that voted with big Pharma… And killed the bill for lower pharmaceutical drug prices
Next, lets reign in Big Pharma and make prescription drugs affordable for seniors, low-income and middle class patients.
This is a great surprise. The next step is to #standup4medicare for all, you need to fight on the issue too. Keep this up.
