Testifying against a sitting senator 
Getting lots of pats on the back?
But even the back patters 
Will never trust you!
he's just trying to keep that narrative going so he can use it in the future for political gain.It's the liberal way
And the racist GOP are working for ALL Americans , right ?
Please you've had a black President and Black DOJ's and things are worse 
Then ever.
who are you calling racist? I'm not racist! Liberals just love to throw that word around! Sickening
Liberals using the term racist means about as much as infants saying 'whaaaaaa'
thought booker was going down the wrong path, glad to see he saw the light.
Could we just please stop dropping bombs daily?? Thanks.
Finally! You see  the difference.
Really? Voting against lowering drug prices is serving the huge pharma. That is not America! #Bernie2020
you lost because of your rotten policies
UR doing Obama proud;also betraying America not just w/words>https://theintercept.com/2017/01/12/cory-booker-joins-senate-republicans-to-kill-measure-to-import-cheaper-medicine-from-canada/ …
>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Xgrb40gZEw … Thank you.#sarcasm
@officialnichols thank you Cory for your testimony yesterday!!
love you too Cory
I thought it was too soon for you,  but those days are ova.  Run Cory Run!
Well said FPOTUS
Be the squeaky wheel!
Voting NAY last night hurt the AMERICAN public you were voted to serve!  #pharaowned #sellout #NoTo2020
@holdyourbutts you misspelled "ISIS".
You shouldn't have a hard time with that honoring as he goes to work in private equity as you get elected with priv equity cash.
to be honored you must be  honorable which he is not.
thank you
Joke of the Day
Thank you for standing up for all! I greatly appreciate your action in opposition to J. Session's nomination.
Obama, fight for America? what crap, Obama divided America and threw America under the bus when visiting other countries.
#lyinmediawhore

@SenBookerOffice realize nothing is better Western civilization is being destroyed and you Cory r helping destroy it
more like helping to save it. Thank you @CoryBooker! #corybooker2020
please wake up! Liberal ideology is destroying this country
... caring abt everyone is destroying this country?
liberals don't care about anything except power they use everyone
That's a pretty blanketed statement to describe an entire group, dontcha think?
Obama has been a destructive force as President. He's been a sell out, a disgrace, a con man and a liar. U look up to him?
not serving well by voting against affordable prescription drugs.
@CoryBooker is the man!!!! Thanks for speaking up! Conscience and country first 
Can we go ahead and give him the boot?
Defending the WORST president ever won't bode well for your run for office. So sad, such wasted potential. #tcot #LiarBooker
@Stephynb Democrats, like yourself need to step up-NOW. We need BOLD leaders-active Democrats.
honor Obama with "you're fired"


@Stephynb Thank you Sen. Booker for your patriotism and leadership for America. You stepped up for right thing-much respect.
suck up
good job today in the senate hearings

gay
That's why you voted against the Sanders'amendment then, right? Honoring Obama's legacy by your actions?
.@CoryBooker What role do you think Obama played in this statistic?
I BE GLAD WHEN ALL YOU DEM"S ARE GONE NOTHING BUT USERS HE USE OVER 100 MILLIONS $$ ON VACATIONS A LONE TAX MONEY #MONEY MONEY$$
YOU ARE A RACIST DEM "OBAMA IS THE WORSE PRES WE EVER GOT" CARTER WAS BETTER THEN HIM 20 TRILLIONS IN DEBT BLOW TAX MONEY$$$
Israel
Iran
USA
TPP
ISIS
Syria
Iraq
40million on foodstamps 
90million out of labor force
BLM
Chicago

WHAT are u thankful for?
thank you thank you thank you... Keep up the good fight
FOR WHAT ? Attending a Racist Church for 20 years and being friends with a Terrorist ? LMAO
You are sacrificing your career!  Dang fool!
so ur honoring a partisan potus who disregarded our Constitution, hates Christians, screwed up America I fought for.. #veterans
@PoliticsVillage do something to stop this incoming president and the cabinet nominees.  Stop sessions and tillerson
get the hell out!!!
you are an American hero, Senator Booker! #TheResistance
I'm going hand over my #Throne to my daughter in 2020.
how thoses black slave masters had white as slaves F you!!!!!!!!!!!
- He tore apart America! One of the biggest racists ever! His motto was divide and conquer people! Never uplifting - The worst!
please Senator Booker keep fighting for us!  We need you now more than ever!
U proud of this.
keep moving Left and the moderates will continue abandon the Dem Party. If the 10 Senators in DJT states lose then 62 GOP Senate
Or in honest words continue to fight for the Boss G. Soros in the attempt to destroy this republic and join NWO perm
#farewellAddress what exactly are you thinking Obama for?? Putting everyone before Americans??
CONGRESS RELEASES FINAL REPORT, SHOWS OBAMA TOOK $2.6B FROM VETS TO GIVE TO SYRIAN REFUGEES https://conservativedailypost.com/congress-final-report-shows-obama-took-2-6b-from-vets-to-give-to-syrian-refugees/ … #MAGA #SyrianRefugees
Thank #obama?? For what??
Obama is planning to "transfer" at least 18 more #Gitmo jihadists following  today's "transfer" of 4 to Saudi Arabia http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4085516/Twenty-two-Guantanamo-detainees-freed-days-Obama-plans-mass-transfer-fanatics-threatened-bomb-behead-Americans.html …
well u should thanks to the nation 1st which makes you like that to attend the conference
mayb Africa needs ur FIGHTING & SACRIFICE? cuz THEM controlled by Muslims & communist KILLERS! who put 1st>

Think of what he actually accomplished to weaken & impoverish America. Do you really think we don't see you coming?
Cory talking shit just like Obama. We won't get fooled again.
yes thank you President Obama.  Your an amazing President!
So proud of u today sir! U stood up for those of us who Sessions stands to hurt most in America! Thanks!
THATS FUNNY BARRY DIDNT DO ANYTHING FOR 8yrs .. LOOK AT CHICAGO
Hey @CoryBooker   4 shot in Newark, it's like you Never left.
Senator @CoryBooker, I've always been proud to say I'm from NJ. I'm even prouder after watching you speak today. Thank you so very much.
AMEN
AWFUL!!! President Obama iz tha NUMBER 1 WORST PRESIDENT IN HISTORY. THA ONLY WAY U WILL SEE THA WHITE HOUSE IZ IN PICTUREZ.
Obama did ZERO 4 this country & U KNOW IT. U will never be OBAMA PART 2....I WILL MAKE SURE OF IT. CARTER WAS BETTA & He was...
Why cant you fight for a healing Between All whites and blacks. WE have no GOOD leaders left thatcan heal the divide thatsAshame
Ditto! Thank you @POTUS and @Flotus. Will miss your honor an integrity.
Sir I voted for our current POTUS Obama 3x( including primaries ).I'm sad: healthcare,trades,senseless wars,divided,>poverty.
Your turn next   #booker2020
Thank you Senator Booker for speaking out for us. I'm in Morris Co and would love to help your campaign when you are ready.
.@CoryBooker Hey Cory Booker, you only serve, sacrifice, and fight for your own selfish political ambitions. BTW: "Dramatic" delivery FAILED
Thank you for your comments today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmQw6CryE9M …
cory booker your from jersey you are automatically considered 'no good'. You ran from newark.  Drain the swamp.
your agenda isn't working so well my friend...  sad
I thank Obama for making America great again on Jan 20
you're a joke and a bad one at that
Obama served and suffered and we owe him, the finest example of a Man

so, u said this  year ago? What gives?https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1836475746568153&id=1440616002820798 …
three strikes and you are out! #termlimits should be enforced becuase of you
I am thankful. Thankful he is leaving.
thank you Senator Booker.
I can't wait to see what you are going to do.  i know you are going to follow the obama's lead with love and respect.
you mean lick oligarch boots to deliver their NWO/one world gov. Destroy America like EU? stole worst prez from Carter
It's the Americans whom sacrifice was made not Obama.
Early on, U expressed an opinion not in line with Obama's. I agreed/w you! U appeared forced to change your position-Democracy?
Thank you, Senator, for showing great moral courage and integrity.
Please run in 2020!
well said, thank you
Jesus said you are like the blind leading the blind and you both fall into a ditch refusing to see the truth
Obama is even a bigger fraud than you. #9daysandthetrashisgone
@GetWisdomDude You're a great man Cory.
sorry, I serve a different God than your obama.
lovely tribute
You are very divisive. You would be best to get behind the elected government and help #MAGA
One white hating, racist steps down.  Hopefully a lot more rabid, white hating, racists like Barak and Booker will follow...
NOOOO
Obama worse president we have EVER HAD
What on earth should we honor him for ?????
thank you for you courage and leadership!
Talk about devil worship! Wow! It's all about color to you, isn't it? Or maybe the lawlessness that went on. Bet u like that!
what about the free rain this poser had over the US For the past 8 years he only honored his people not all Americans watch keen
save us Cory!
u r  a political whore. #sessions
President Obama was not a very good President. He lacked exucutive experience .. the Peter Principle.
As one RACIST to another!
2020 for president please don't forget.  I will work for you!!
#WorstPresidentEver #OBAMA #FAILURE Talk ab moving country bkward, race relations are poorest in 50 yrs. b/c of him!! #racism
Everything that you say and do seems to have ugly racial overtones. Why not run for senator of Nigeria?
Sen booker should have been Hillary's running mate
@officialnichols, My choices for 2020, Michelle Obama, Julian Castro, or Cory Booker


Definateky weak on the sacrifice side.   Entitled side not so much! 
serve ISIS, sacrifice americans, fight america for muslims
your a disgrace
Obama never made a sacrifice in his life
Donald Trump should not be allowed to take the oath of office for the presidency of The United States of America!
Your own people have suffered under Obama and are further behind. He did not care to help even his own brother!
#booker2020

Thank you for your actions
you are the biggest liar Corey Booker , alls you did in the past was praise sessions , you are a racist
I am worse off than ever under Obama and his farce of Healthcare. I don't qualify for any help or policy
@FoxNews how about deaths in Chicago innocent families lost, including Law Enforcement? Seems Dems pick & choose what 2 fight 4
you are the reason why I switched parties! To clarify from Dem to Republican. No class today! #grandstanding
We know you think you are the next Obama. Uhh no, we learned our lesson.
You and yours nearly ruined America. Stop with the race spin. BLM is making race a dangerous issue, fixes nothing. You suck.
need to get rid of you too  no more free chicken sore loser go back to Africa
The end of an era! Job well done President Obama, First Lady and First Children. Thank you for your service! God Bless American!
He gave us the message now we have to walk with it, every day and in every community. Thank You @POTUS !
@ncketters Serve and sacrifice? What did he ever sacrifice? Serves only himself.
WHAT! That goof was on his way to destroying http://America.You  can't be serious.
what time do you testify?
During the next 4 years, we're all going to need a hero. Please be our hero, especially in 2020.
yup on our way to turning the country into Chicago's south side.
@MArrabiata @POTUS
