So true. Rates are ridiculous.
It's the barbaric prison for profit system.
I agree with you. They claim it costs 100,000 plus to house a prisoner per year. But prisoners have to pay for their own personal items.

Maybe the Trump family and Sessions will get to feel the pain of no outside communications.
They should get one cell per dozen Trump campaign/admin inmate. We don't need an overcrowding crisis.
I agree, give them what they deserve.
Time in prison didnt do nothing but hurt  my life still today im paying for one mistake i made as a kid but at the same time im still stuck in that kid mindset not knowing which way to go or how to start why everybody pass me by lm stuck like a planet out of orbit
Thankful you are still focusing on criminal justice reform. This admin isn't helping. Praying 4 you!!
I've experienced this via a family member. Rates are absurd & far beyond what most families can afford, thus commication is limited.
We the people in Florida hear you all the way in Miami.
Blame the prisoners. Their actions landed them in prison and now their families have to pay just to talk to them.
It's unethical to charge people excessive fees, even if they're prisoners. We have a duty to help correct injustices, wherever we find them.
Are you fucking serious?  This? This is an issue you're getting behind?
You, sir, leave me sadly speechless. God bless you.
Could that be because they broke the law.
Kids need contact with their mom's,
Some do depending on the mom.
Listen to Sen. Booker again.
Indefensible. But this is what happens when you have companies making money from the prison BUSINESS! That in itself is a ludicrous reality.
Show folks a work around. Google voice get a local number to prison. Forward to cell phone. Save money!
How much punishment is enough? Is it the government's duty to assist in corporate greed or protect its citizens?
Senator Cory Booker you agree devastating American families who are in prison
You would like our film! www.inside peace http://movie.com 
Convicted felons broke our law(s) which resulted in incarceration, haven't we got more pressing concerns that the cost of their phone calls
Why didn't you answer when @donlemon asked you if you would work with the president? Fear of retribution from the lovely Maxine Waters?
cause the privately run prisons profit enormously from controlling all communications and supplies to n from prisoners n families
Because... you are in JAIL! NOT A COUNTRY CLUB! IF YOU DON'T WANT TO BE THERE... DON'T BREAK THE LAW!!!
So. Incarcerated people do to
For the same reason that this admin pushes draconian charges, mandatory mins and private prisons? Follow the money.
As a Jersey Boy living in another state, it makes me proud to see NJ represented by a guy like this. He is the real thing.
Interesting that your comments were edited via closed caption - usury changed to phone call.
courts have overturned the FCC on intrastate rates twice.  This is something states are going to have to tackle.
Stop committing crimes!!!!!
The charges are ridiculous
Cory for President 2020!!!
Most pay phones in NYC use a similar if not the same system.
Don't do the crime...
Prisoners = $$$$$
That's a good question
It's insane government phone contracts are worse than ours!  It's soooo dumb. Get them!  
Thank you once again for so steadfastly supporting the lives of those who might otherwise go unseen. Deep gratitude.
Address Recidivism, separation of families & inconsistent terms of incarceration.
Why do you take big Pharma Money big Phony
This is what you're elected to fight for.....  smh.
More bullshit
I think there are bigger fish to fry.
Scandelous
Instead of pushing for feminine products try getting to the source of WHY they broke the law and ended up incarcerated in the first place
I doubt "call rates" caused the devastation to the families. Think about that.
I'm waiting for @CoryBooker to get up and slap some sense into him (again I don't condone physical abuse).
A men. They need advocates. Anything to hold them down. Instead of rehabilitation.
Thank you for speaking out on this.
I can't believe he doesn't recalled 
How  about
How  about  staying  out of jail  maybe that  might  stop  the devastation on families
Not an issue got 99% of Americans
You know what else has a devastating impact on American families?  Committing crimes and going to jail.
prepare to do the time, if you commit a crime...let's turn prison into a country club....
how about free cell phone service for VICTIMS of crimes...
Why not free the prisoners and give them obama phones,free healthcare,foodstamps,free housing,and free cash??? Idiot
Raise the rate. No 1  told them to commit crimes and go to jail.It's a privilege not a right. R U ready to go to jail,i hope. @terrymendozer
Their families, esp their children need regular contact. To be successful when released, prisoners need to be connected to their community.
Appreciate UR eloquence @CoryBooker Internet is Human Transportation Public Utility no one can own Digital vaporized life It is Human2Human
Booker/Harris 2020? Harris/Booker? Flip a coin for Pres. Love you both!!
With the multitude of problems facing the american public, this is what occupies your time as a US Senator representing NJ????
If we don't want to create a cycle of prison and poverty, we must support the connection between parents and children.
That's it Cory, way to fight the good fight for the people of NJ. This is a big problem for everyone from Newark, due to the work you did.
So does crime
Cory .   YOU ARE the best .      FCC guy .   'can't recall' .  or in real word .  NO and I don't care
FELONS SHOULD HAVE NO RIGHTS !!!
Thank you for being a voice for all
Cory, what about the victims who is fighting for them? Not YOU.
@DonnaLu55 @FCC I can hear GOP complaining about those darn liberals w/ their facts & data interferring w/ their ideology
LOL LOL LOL YES, IT'S AMAZING WHEN THE FACTS SPEAK ALOUD. GO MR BOOKER!

Canadian prison are call collect to call reveiver.  If you are poor you can't pay the bill and soon enough no phone, no call.  Good luck!!
We need to regiment all prisons to a military style training program! Structured and disciplined! No nonsense, academics and physical skills
thanks for bringing this topic up
I like what I have heard so far senator. As long as you work with republicans and don't obstruct, you have my support

Also, it would seem that addressing recidivism & the humane treatment of incarcerated only serves a society.
Surprised by negative comments. A nation's greatness is measured by how it treats its weakest members. Gandhi
Weak?? They aren't in the hospital they are in Jail, they obviously are law breakers and they get a stipend in most cases for work they do
Great theater, but I don't see this as the most critical issue in addressing America's problems with crime and incarceration.
Little by little you begin attacking what appears to be insignificant issues to reach more "critical" issues! Actually a smart approach!
You have more important issues to deal ... get to work... prisoners had cheaper rates when they weren't in prison. Should've stayed out.
This has to be a joke? How about doing something for the good, hard working people and stop stealing from us to give to the worst of society
Give us a break!Healthcare, Tax Reform,Chicago Shootings,Outrageous NJ Taxes and you're into prison phone rates.Sad!!
The world needs more men like you Cory
$$$,$$$,$$$,$$$.99
Keep up the fight Mr Booker. We need you.
He's worth the investment!  ONE of the good guys fighting for the unheard
They need2 push for a bill, not just an amndmnt(easier), drop safety as an excuse & wrk together 2 make safety simple&real. Canada doing it!
Videos like this make me think that we need another black President.
Wow...so many urgent matters. Something so small it seems. I suppose that's the American way. Make money from the unnoticeable & unchecked 
exactly!!!
Spot on Senator Booker.
why would the FCC fight for something like that? seems like an unelected body has no business regulated phone rates.
*regulating
Good for you, @SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker !
Your voice, activism, intellect, compassion and all around badassery has this Canadian crushing on you. We see you and you're incredible!
I mean who cares this country has much bigger problems
It's extortion.
Sen, are you hooked up with @helenprejean ?
