He's a white supremacist. His father was one and he's got them working in the WH. Why are you all surprised? You knew Cory... you knew.
Yeah he knew-he didn't vote for him?!?!? He supported HRC! Did you?
Don't attack me. He and many others need to work on impeachment. This is only getting worse. Save your anger for the real enemy.
The real enemy is the democrats. Trying to control your life and you are all too stupid to see it.
Trump says there where good people marching peacefully in Charlottesville. The same people chanting Jews will not replaces us!
The fringe chanted that just like BLM fringe chanted death to cops. BOTH groups have some nut jobs. Both extremes have fault.
There is no place in this country for anyone that waves a nazi flag. Try that crap in Germany and see what happens. That needs to be stopped
How about the idiosy of waving banners that say Death to Cops? Isn't that just as offensive? Where do you draw the line ma'am?
By the way, Alt-Right isn't a word. Just Call Trump what he is: Nazi
like Obama was for Muslim.  LOL
He must have hated his Mom!!! IJS
#TrumpGo
You make me hope for term limits. Both extremes do. You represent the far left side of that continuum. Independents will ever vote for you.
#ImpeachTrumpNOW ACTIONS matter right now more than words. Americans are begging for ACTION. remove this racist sociopath from the WH.
We will still be stuck with the winner though.
Donald Trump sided w/the kkk, nazi, white supremacist terrorists. He chose TERRORISTS over America. #ImpeachTrumpNOW #25thAmendment NOW
Donald Trump MUST be impeached now. We MUST talk about it. We MUST remove this racist, nazi terrorist sociopath from the White House. NOW
and where were you condemning the alt-left group antifa with their hate speech and hate riots at UC Berkeley and other places?
It's absolutely disgusting and repulsive. Praying that he and his administration implodes soon.
Although, you have the right to your opinion. These comments are why we will never heal.  Please stick to your inspirational quotes.
Trump's a clown
Well Quoted @Touch4Healing
BOOKER IS AN DISGRACE TO NJ CITIZENS. HE IS LIKE OBAMA HATES WHAT AMERICA STANDS FOR. VOTE HIM OUT
More #Racebaiting from the lying liberal @CoryBooker!
Trump was the Commander, more than most, but understanding legal 1st amendment versus ILLEGAL Thugs! #MAGA
No he was a courageous law & order man, no matter how unpopular! This is why we elected him, he ignores the BS lies of the Nazi lefties!
Lame witticism, u can do much better
And we look forward to a President Booker to dispel that damage!
Just shut up already about insulting our president...your obama was a disgrace and the illegitimate president!
This is really who Donald Trump is ....

Sounds like you want to be ANTIFA in Chief!!
Smoking crack Cory?
He always has been
Congress, we're looking at you! #resisthate
Stopsaying altright they're Nazis.
Republicans are letting him remain, he should be charged with Treason because of his Russia Dealings, he is a dictator in waiting.
Don't you mean Obama
Disgraceful congresswomen; Maxine Waters and Maria Chappelle  must resign from office.  They have betrayed their oath. No impunity 4 threats
We all heard Pres Trump unequivocally denounce racism and everything those radical groups stand 4.  U can't use false racism like a weapon.
Yet no complaints when Fmr Potus Obama spent 8 years as America's "apologist-in-chief" #democratichypocrites

He wasn't even in-chief, rather in-chime with Nazis
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS THE BEST PRESIDENT WE HAVE EVER HAD!! AMERICANS WANT OUR COUNTRY BACK! DEMOCRATS ARE DESTROYING OUR COUNTRY! !
So you encourage the violence on the left?
Such a sad state of affairs.  These are dark, ugly times for this country. Smh
Stop stirring shit. You do nothing for NJ except use it as stepping stone. What have you done for Newark? Stirring the pot.
What's disgraceful is your post on twitter Cory.
Your a embarrassment to America Time for you to retire Cory Booker
He has chosen to resurrect the Confederacy, thus surrendering the title, powers & authority belonging to the President of the United States.
Both sides are at fault and both sides have the same hate!!!
Will you disavow all violent hate groups, black supremacist groups, anarchist groups that support you and have had your encouragement?
And what your take on black guy using white girls as slaves.
It is time to impeach this president who has no moral compass.
I guess that puts him in the same position as the Coward-in-chief and Racist-in-Chief
And you are a no good big mouth!
#corybooker2020
It would be wrong not to impeach this President and the Vice President NOW.  IMPEACH THEM NOW.
So sad
Ehh not quite. You guys are all against fascism but then you want someone to only say things you want to hear. Non-fake news. That's fascism
Pile on, CB. Your fake outrage is nothing new.
How did we get here? Let's make America great again, where the US strove to be better... with checks & balances to protect us.
Shut up, booker, and get your head out of the sand!
Whatever. Is there a difference in being the alt left cheerleader?
It's okay, you can say "neo-Nazi."
hey lame Booker why are we blaming the governor and the mayor and the police chief for not doing a damn thing wasn't the pity's
Check your hearing Cory....obviously it's impaired and your integrity needs a tune up as well..you know both sides were perp's!
President Trump is forcing the evil Libs to expose themselves!
Be bold, Mr. Booker. The moment the gavel lands in Senate's chamber, invoke article 25, impeachment proceedings. Remove this nightmare.
Your comments are part of the problem. Who are you to make this comment?
No sir he's a conman -in-thief not a commander-in-chief tell it like it is #traitortrump
We need
Actions
Speak louder than words!
My question to you senator Booker is, why are you NOT calling out your repub colleagues to publicly denounce pres by name???
Do you mean alt-right-commander-in-chief as his spewing yesterday was hardly an apology, far right of any sort of condemnation.
45 action tell you who he's is
45 is angry 45 should be a leader
Also disgraceful: not allowing Americans to spend less on medicine.
and you are the alt-left champ?
There were violent protesters on both sides. Why is it not ok 2 say so? Is it because your using this as an excuse cause Russia was a lie
Remember the terrorist that shot up my company @ ft hood. Obama called it work place violence. U all r nuts.
Define alt-right, then go listen to what he actually SAID, not what you wish you heard. #traitorlyingsenator.
Remember Loretta lynch erasing part of the 911 tape from the Orlando nite club terrorist.
He's the best Commander in chief we have had in years too bad you can't face reality
Remember the chant pigs n a blamket fry em like bacon?Dead cops when do we want em now?Remember that
U make no sense. Should we b mad at trump 4 not doing what Obama wouldn't do. Maybe he should invite em 2 the white house like Obama
Congress as whole needs to denounce him by name. Go on TV and denounce the small evil man.S.Epstein08520
Race baiter
Commander In Thief more like it.
When has he ever acted like the CIC? Why would today have been different from.any other day?
Stop fannig the flames of Racism, Trump called out BOTH sides of the incident, Both side were at fault, And he pointed that out,
We are more divided than ever.So sad.
Kinda like the guy from the past 8 years. Remember obama. Embarrassing on a world level
We cannot go backwards!  As elected officials you need to have a bi-partisan meeting & agree to stand up against 45!  Country first!  Not 45
Please use your ability to love & reach across the aisle to do something to stop this monster. A white supremacist cannot be our president.
And Cory Booker is a commanding general of identity politics that continue to poison U.S. race relations.
Let's fight differently? Let's fight in silence. Stop giving #45 ratings & let's ask AMERICA to STOP going to HATE rally. No attn, no voice
He is no longer chief of anything. That requires a moral compass.
Vile liar said he was going to DC to fix our system--now saying that having a "permit" made this right--need to deny permits to hate groups!
45 needs the 25th
In other words, "Racist-in-Chief."
you are disgraceful you were part of the divide
Absolute right. Why can't people remove their blinders before we become 1939 Germany.Hate and prejudice will give him VOTES.
We can't sit back & allow us to go back to a dark time in history -it is time to fight resist & rebel against evil plaguing our WH!
Trump is the Deflector in Chief (DIC).
I agree with you. When are we removing this man from office @CoryBooker
Yes. @realDonaldTrump is AKA the Nazi-Enabler-in-Chief.
Bull shit. Trump is the very best in our country. Stop ur hatered
#ImpeachTrump
Stop tweeting. Get your buddies to cut their vacation short, get to work, and do something besides talk
Yes
There is no alt right. The term is "nazi"
Well, seems he resigned as Leader of the Free World and took on the role of Leader of the Neofascist Backlash. European onlooker, baffled
So are you apologizing for the alt left?
NeoNazi Sympathizer in Chief.
Cory you are racist and a black panther member
I'll see you and raise you one -- he was the White Supremacist Ally in Chief -- and I almost said Nazi in Chief.
Puttin must been mad
Today?!  When has he ever been anything but an embarrassment to us??!!
Along with: Liar in Chief, Sexual Predator in Chief, and Draft Dodger in Chief. 
@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump  he 's choking on "XXXX" of #altright  and he's 8 fistin' it...
#presidential fluffer!!!
Yeah thanks to the bitching liberals.
...sometimes I wish I got the Senate job postings in addition to the House's #WantToBackSenBooker
No - he isn't an alt-right anything - he is a bonafide white supremacist. Say his name.
Pathetic.
Apologist and theif, lets not lose focus each time Trump fails.
Amen
Why isn't anyone holding him accountable for his actions
Then ask to #ImpeachTrump

Apologist? He's just the alt right.
It a diversion. Stay focused on the investigation and North Korea.
Thank you.
You are out of touch with reality
Garbage response Booker.....Va has been condemned 100 times but this is to rich for ya'll to get past...hey, who were the WN's fighting?
Love this Cory!
He hasn't been a CIC since he took office.
Just because he didn't say it in the exact words that the alt-left wNted.
He does NOT know what the hell he's doing!  Impeach TRUMP!  Man baby worthless pathetic human!
Yessir!!
And you are the alt-left apologist and chief you racist:
@realDonaldTrump was disgusting and an embarrassment to America and all that she stands for. Shameful worm.
Thank you! I've been waiting for your statements and knew they would come!  Black Americans are scared & they are not safe right now!
So you think all historical statues relating to the civil war should be destroyed, as if it never happened!
Thank God he is not the #blacksupremacist Obama is dividing the country even more
right.... because antifa brought their bats, with no permit, to play peacfully.... please
Your a fool Cory... tell the truth and the whole story. Typical politician!
At least he didn't call a thug someone who could have been his son
Democratic Party is running fumes... they tried last time during elections and still didn't work 
Run for president, please! @CoryBooker
More racist lies from the left. Most people don't believe your trashy propaganda.
Take the word Chief out - he ain't my chief!
Please, Senator Booker, start advocating for this man to be impeached. This country and our Citizens are in serious trouble with this man.
He needs to go impeach him now. This is not a POTUS for the time we need so much better than his delusional ignorant dangerous behavior.
I'm not sure what you can do, but I urge you, Senator to place all possible pressure on your Senate colleagues to censure Trump.
Call them what they are... nazis.
Actually he was the Wizard in Chief
You misspelled "Nazi-Apologist-in-Chief."
He goes and makes up the name Alt-left. He is a disgusting excuse for a human being! He has no right being the president!
#GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @davereichert @nytimes @LindseyGrahamSC @WSJ
Denounce this President
Stop sending your thugs to incite violence at Peaceful Rallies. People were attacked by AntiFa B4 they could even assemble
Absolutely.  But now that we know his father was arrested 1927 for KKK riot in NYC & his continuous Dog whistles (incl. sons) its who he is
What's the plan now?
Trump was clearly out of control during the debates, but now he has surrendered to an all time low. #unfit #NotMyPresident
This man has not proven that he deserves the title of Commander-In-Chief. His true ideologies, and hidden agendas have not gone unnoticed.
That he was
For the record...Trump has NEVER acted as Commander In Chief. The US is one giant cash cow to the #corrupt Trump family.
Please, help us. As an average citizen, I feel powerless watching our country fall apart.
Senator Booker STAND TALL, speak the truth this man is a NAZI IN CHIEF!
.@realDonaldTrump Heather Heyer, murdered defending human decency & equality by YOUR supporters, White Supremacists, Neo Nazis, & the KKK! 
as a new jersey resident, american citizen, and a HUMAN, please stand up and get him out of our history
Black man, if you are one. Call Trump what he is,  a white supremist!  Stop trying to skirt this issue because you're not helping.
CALL THEM NAZIS.  THEY ARE NAZIS.  DO NOT SHRINK.
Your affiliated with the DNC MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD!!!Not American
@CoryBooker Please stop him
What do you expect,this is Donald Trump
Impeachment
You may think this crap you tweet will get you elected in 2020, you are right  You are ready for the nut house
Careful your treading in dangerous waters what have you done to help Americans.
Only thing I can think of
is you want legal pot
ALL THESE COMPLAINTS, BUT NO ONE DOES ANYTHING T O GET RID OF HIM
You fill your more weak minded followers with lies. You want to silence anyone you do not agree with by attacking them then cry they are bad
Tell me what day he has been?!
We need to get you in there so we can have a Sell-out-in-Chief. Collect the whole set.
Grooming for 2020? Get an invite to the Dem Convention to speak and your in.
25th amendment....start proceedings now.
