Yes...and please remember charter and voucher schools often discriminate.  DeVos isn't holding a firm line on it either.
We have to stop this crazy train! Give us advice...how we can stop all of the crazy! Election day is too far away! Too much damage by then.
As you can see, many of us are up at night with worry.
Trump made the right move.  The Left has been using these so-called civil rights groups to crack down on their enemies and suppress 1A.
This man wants to legitimize hate.
Come home Jeff, you're embarrassing us! #IamaAlabamaian
The only rights Sessions wants are those that benifit whites & whites only.
He and his cronies are literally destroying the country at a rapid pace. What's next, Russian troops defending Trump against Americans?
Is it me or do others also think the Trump admin's idea of making America great again is some privileged white man's nostalgia of the 1950's
Ab.so.lutely! Or earlier. I'm staring to think Handmaid's Tale is their construct of utopian society.
Only thing worse than insurance co bureaucrat is GOVERNMENT bureaucrat. Single payer = DEATH to quality affordable care. #FullRepeal of ACA!
Give us #FullRepeal!! We don't want gov in our ins! Its really none of your biz! #UnitedForFreedom
Federal gov't involvement in private sector is biggest threat to civil rights!
#Bible #Truth #Constitution #UnitedForFreedom #FreeEnterprise
#FULLREPEAL #UNITEDFORFREEDOM Government has no Constitutional Authority to legislate healthcare.
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely! NO socialized medicine period! #UnitedforFreedom!
Time for you to come clean on Pharma kickbacks?
But William Smith says Redneck Sessions is not a racist. Why are here at civil rights door, Jeff Sessions. Fake News?
This administration represents the least of the American values, if any
the supremacists are smiling, he is showing Coretta Scott King knew his soul, knew evil when she saw it
He's a confirmed racist so that makes sense.
#trump2020
What does America stand for if not civil rights? Someone should ask Trump.
He will say, Americans stand for wealth.
U did a funny. We need to stand tall with a picture of Sessions. I know u weren't making fun because that's not u but regardless I laughed
Americans do not need racist in our government. These kind of people should have no right to make rules and law for the rest of us.
You, al sharpton, jessy Jackson have used your own people to enrich and prop yourselves up.  You want to keep blacks in the gutter
Civil rights are not a problem, it's low morality, lack of parenting, no work ethic, in the black community
Civil rights?  You mean free loaders.
Enforced in every community and for EVERY American. Enough of using the argument for "religious freedom" to support discrimination.
He should resign since he lied about meeting with the Russians
Washington Post is #fakenews
Stopped listening too u after your balk at impeaching the monster. Every day he's in power we all are in danger  shame mr. Booker
Cory, Trump is cutting the budget, I know it is hard for gov to realize that you can't keep spending money you don't have.
Thank you!
Help our country!
You Sir, I admire. Please.. let us know on Congress and Senate members that vote on bills and play stocks on their voting. Total BS.
Quit blaming the feds!! you are trying to get mommy to fix everything? - step up and make sure civil rights are enforced in NJ OWN it in NJ!
This WH is bribing us back to a dark time in history but the greater majority stand up to their vile agenda!  We've come too far to go back!
This is just wrong!
Once again in the grand scheme of things these people must go terrible
So what now. He's going 2 write an EO 2 wipe out 1965 Civil Rights! Then what, take Lady Liberty down.
This "budget" is going nowhere. We must pay attention to what state houses and Senate committees are up to.
this troll needs to be removed - sooner rather than later
Am I shocked? No. We knew this guy is a life long racist.
And Trump does this on the heels of a noose found at the AA History Museum. Because racists need more sense of permission.
Right Corey, you should start with Americans civil rights instead of civil rights for illegal non Americans. Stop with this nonsense already
It is outrageous that Sessions even made it through his Congressional hearings. He must be stopped from his  anti-civil rights crusade.
Start small start with 7th graders...
We're now beyond civil rights. They're taking this country down with help of Russia. Not time for politeness. Urgent they're removed
I agree, haven't gone far enough over the last 100 years. More work needs to done.
Republicans have always hated any advancements in civil rights because it adds more people 2 the voter rolls. That's bad news 4 republicans
This is ridiculous! How can this be allowed? Stand tall & loud#resistance
I don't think civil rights activists have ever had a problem being loud.
The neo Nazis are on charge of Justice. Who knew?
more noise....Take a hike down Vine St. in Camden, alone, after dark, and see real Democrat leadership.
Confimed Sources say this is Fake News
Yes but KUSHNER = traitor!
I can't trust you any more because you defend anybody who supports you w money, AKAKushner
U guys better start doing something! We're sick of this "pansy" approach. The GOP ground the government 2 a halt during Obama. Pay it back.
Enforced by an AG who lies on his security paperwork and lies to Congress and lies to the public? Pretty sure I'll catch a unicorn first.
Stop. Everyone will be able to purchase their civil rights. We need to develop a pricing scale.
Hope you are not encouraging violence
By civil rights you mean let criminals walk the streets? Or you are referring to the surveillance program?
@seanhannity @elizabethforma @CNNPolitics @maddow @JoeBiden @HillaryClinton Cory You Remain A Fool, Tomorrow You Will Awaken An Older Fool.
No first we must get rid of this raging treasonous, bigoted kleptocracy including Sessions. Congress/you needs to save our country now.
You and Jared Russian much?
You must stop taking money from corrupt politicians and then screwing your constituents on health care issues.
U scared to impeach bruh are u on kushner payroll
Wish I got treated like these people want to be. Give me everything for nothing and I will spit in your face for thanks!!
We should. How you gonna help when you're taking money from Jared Kushner, etc? You may be a Republican. Maybe go do that.
booker you are a race baiter
Sessions must be fired for a pattern of concealment!
You can't play both sides of the fence. You have been exposed and we will remember this Coke election time.
The sickness grows
How many years is this administration setting us back?
Yea, while the Idiot is tweeting, his administration are putting in Trump and their Racist Policies in place.
Agreed! but, with all due respect, plz clarify Kushner issue. Don't become silent like some GOP do when they avoid issues/people. Tk you.
Is their anything sacred that trump won't destroy?
You're a fraud... I'm a registered NJ Independent. You've lost most of my respect  and future votes.
How is he allowed to even continue in position..HE FUKN LIED.
Equality for all special interest for none, Thomas Jefferson
Yes!
I've lost a lot of respect for you after you defended Kushner due to his large donation to your campaign. You're just like the rest. BOUGHT
Welp, I see a bus boycott of a different kind coming these times proving to be the ultimate #grabyourwallet "fo sho". #RESISTANCE
I'm kinda giving you the side eye right now man!
This 
We are no longer the United States of America bcuz of trump we are the Independent States of America
racist, stop all this & do something positive for America. that should be YOUR MESSAGE.
Why when meritocracy and freedom of association work so much better.
Did the Kushner's OK this tweet of yours? You must not anger your overlords.
As always Senator you stay focused and don't get lost in all the smoke created by this Admin! Theyr dismantling our institutions b4 our eyes
Really?! You have lost credibility Sir! $$$ before Country?!
This is yet another moment when continued silence becomes a betrayal to human decency.
And how about bringing perjury charges to AG Sessions if indeed he did neglect to list 3 Kislyak meetings on his forms?
We must also stand up to Senators who make decisions based oh how much money they receive from special interest. Get it?
The senate needs to demand Sessions' resignation in light of additional lies! How can such a despicable person be in charge of justice?
You kinda lost me at defending Kushner.
You lasted Thet Long?
I worry that the damage this administration is causing will cause irreversible damage to U.S. Please talk me off the ledge @CoryBooker !
Cory takes money from those people.
Yes. The time is now. We must all stand up for our country. Resist.
Please make a statement on the Kushner stuff.
CB, please abandon the DNC. Your good heart is an asset we social democrats want and share. We will overcome Citizens United. Join us.
I am with u @CoryBooker
Wow. Let's look at the future and the current President to do right! Let's try and stay out of the past.Being a name doesn't make u smart
Is that why that Keebler-elf-who-can't-bake is such an irredeemable racist?
B. Clinton impeached for lie that was personal.
Sessions lied, national security & Attorney General. BIZZARO AMERICA!
At this moment in history we have to remove the Traitor's in the WH!   THAT is the ONLY Priority.
Like minimal lip service about #NoDAPL from Corporate Dems??? Obama was as much or even more of Fascist than Trump.
You are uninformed or nuts or both
Booker we have got to cut spending so some agencies need to be dismantled.dont have a money tree
They encourage the evil that resulted in a noose being left in the African American History Museum. I'm less than 5' tall, but I'm loud!
When is the SENATE going to make AG answer for the other meet(s) with Russians that he AGAIN failed to report
I just. Don't. Understand. What is there to gain, even economically, by minimizing civil rights?????? Except for the prison industry...
Ok now I get it. Still, these people are terrifyingly awful. I still wish this was a dream.

Franken revealed that he recently heard from the FBI that there would be a break coming in the Sessions-Kislyak investigation.
