Appreciate your passion. Disagree wholeheartedly conceptually. My business, my family have to live according to a balance sheet. Same as US.
America was not built on wreckless spending and an overcommitment to social programs. That's an absolute fallacy.
The republican budget doesn't spend 50% on defense. 1 in 2 Americans make less than $30k a year. Why do you think that is?
The adjective is irrelevant. Just depends on who is President.
As you've never held a real job, no wonder you can't imagine govt run as if it were a public corporation, responsible to its shareholders.
we owe nothing to the press the first amendment has to do with the government silencing free speech
freedom of speech should be no less important yet we have lost that right and the press no longer reports with integrity it tries to create
Sit down @CoryBooker  #justicedemocrats
The United States Of America is quote unquote, a corporation.
Ha!  Where have you been the last 8 yrs, when "integrity of the free press" was in the toilet while they kissed Obama's ass?
Thanks for speaking of core values of the USA greatest gift to the world
Hahaha the guy in the right doesn't care! This nerd isn't writing his paycheck. We control everything with out capital. Muwahahaha.
Cory. You are so full of ?????
There is absolutely no chance that the American people could EVER relate to you.
America is actually a republic Senator. Please remind your progressive buddies of the importance of free speech and the right to bear arms.
Obama was the least transparent President in modern history. You weren't talking like this then.
Where was that tradition of openness the previous 8 years? Comment on that please.
....the INTEGRITY of a free press.
Wow...Corey, you need to hire a boat load of fact checkers these days. Do not lie.
Booker for America 2020
We are not a Democracy. You are elected as a representative in a Democratic process, the constitution guarantees a republican form of govt.
....."and to the Republic for which it stands...."
America was built upon slave labor and land stolen from the native population. So we should uphold those values, right? #CrapLogic
It's very simple. The truth is good and lies are bad, no matter what the facts are. Use science and ditch the metaphysical nonsense.
The true free press destroys democrat dogma.
if only press told the truth  #PressFreedom
Anyone who thinks the country should be run like a business either knows nothing about business or nothing about governing.
Lbe you Cory Booker!
@elizabethforma  Cory For A Wannabe PoliticoYou Have So Few Followers Of Your Crap Tweets Run For POTUS in 2020Trump Will Be A 2 Term POTUS
@CoryBooker keep on expressing your ignorance we love it keep it going NJ joke
But only half truth and slanted opinion are okay?
Yet we have a POTUS hell bent on discrediting our free press while praising murderous dictators. Why? He likes them, perhaps becoming one.
Thanks to the press Watergate was revealed as they will expose Trumpgate as well!  Maybe that scares him to death!
How about you support the Second as much?!?!?!
Booker in 2020!
Well said, Cory!!! 
"Integrity"
Let's hope that sentiment stays in the present tense...things aren't funny anymore...I am worried
Big words from a guy getting rich off the pharmaceutical companies.  If you want to have credibility, stop accepting corporate money.

I worry that transparency and a willingness to be subjected to and accountable for fact checking has been sold for profit.
The USA is a democratic Republic.
The only truth coming out today is from wikiLeaks years of nothing but truth can you say that for nbc cbs cnn or fox....
Talk about twisting words. POTUS says the media is dishonest, and he does interviews. You sir r #NOTMYSENATOR.
I'm not American but why in the hell didn't running for President. Maybe you should!
No it's a corrupt racial swamp
So that's why your Obama DNC prosecuted more journalists under the espionage act than all other presidents combined. For freedom.

I would suggest open a book and read about Thomas Jefferson; however, your snippet reflects literacy comprehension level. @jllgraham
Who's denying freedom of Press? But where does it say some HAS to bow down to their lying hypocrisy? People got rights 2 #liberalhypocrisy
Great speech. Falls short cause there is NO integrity in current media; no truth, ethics, or journalism. And u know it. #liberalhypocrisy
While you trample all over the right to keep and BEAR arms...
Free press is important if they tell the truth. The press is biased, so we the people choose twitter. Lol
WORD.
You and Feinstein are paid pharma and insurance hacks.
But also never forget the press was also built on factual reporting not made up propaganda to suit a political view
We are losing our freedom of the press and our democracy to this lunatic president and his administration.  Impeach him before it's too late
.@POTUS seems to have forgotten, or he never learned.
Agree but the press has an obligation to tell the truth.  Not their version of the truth.
Stop printing FAKE shit or shit w/ a political slant!! Maybe people will gain some trust!! Here's a concept, try JUST the facts... TRUTH
i'm waiting for somebody (MEDIA or LEADER) come out and talk about the investigation of Trump team during the same time comey Clinton probe
You have a man name Bernie Sanders trying to lead•when he is basically on Trumps Team•Go back and review the campaign if Im wrong•
Let me say this•Cory Booker, seems to be a man of Integrity,honesty and Strength in his Character•Why is he not leading the Democratic Party
and We the People are free to decide what is Fake News and which Senators are Crooked!!!
there is so much wrong w that statement.
The press you say? The press that colludes with the DNC and Hillary? That "press"?
press and integrity do not go together
Please, don't ever allow this President to silence the press.  You do not know the fear he has put into the American people.
