Jeff Sessions personally asked Congress to let him prosecute medical marijuana providers http://wapo.st/2s5G0Q1 
#corybooker2020
Well said. TY
If marijuana was legalized nationwide it would mean billions of dollars in taxes for schools healthcare infrastructure arts etc. Please!!
Wouldn't really need to tax it to gain Billions. War on Drugs has wasted $18.97 Billion so far this year alone. http://www.drugsense.org/cms/wodclock 
True
Proving once again that the GOP doesn't give a shit about their precious "states' rights" when they conflict with the evangelical agenda.
Since states that passed it for recreational use are having nothing but problems...
I live in one of those states. We have made more revenue than projected, violent crime is down, arrests down. What problems EXACTLY?
Not even enuf time lapse to adequately measure, but Wash stas looking unfav. I.e. DUIs R way up
You're insane. 33% of people suspected of driving high test positive. (Per @NPR) Wonder how many suspected drunks test positive for alcohol?
Marijuana criminalization is the single biggest weapon the federal government has to unjustly imprison people.
No he didn't? Or no you'll fight him?
No, he didn't
He DID ask, No they won't let him. This is a state issue anyway.
How come legal drinking age eventually became 21 across 50 states?
Um, because each state adopted that? Why are there dry counties? Why are there places you can only buy alcohol in liquor stores? Your point?
My point, try hard to keep up, eventually States get it together Bc #Lobbyists and synchronize,
No need to be rude, Angela. You're not really speaking clearly. But, yes, thanks for making my point??
He's so incorrect. The benefits of medical marijuana are increasing daily. Even pos cancer cure.  Opioid free.
Bravo on the Carers Act announcement today!
@CoryBooker Before you take a principled stance, check with Ivanka and Jared, your sponsors.
You make me proud to be an American, not such an easy thing to do these days. Ty for your service, strength and caring.
Doesn't ask about hacking, but wants to charge pot providers. Sessions should be a small town prosecutor, in the 1970's
He was in Mobile, Alabama.
Republicans: Living in the past.
Nope! Just last week my kid in hospital for marajuanian...
Angela,it's about MEDICAL marijuana, NOT recreational. Now being used to help kids w/ epilepsy & people w/ cancer. You're the parent, no?
That's simply NOT true.
"Charlotte’s seizures declined dramatically after taking a medication of extracted  cannabis." Medical MJ helps get ppl off pain meds too.
I think personally that @jeffsessions should smoke a joint or 2. It may loosen up his lips more so they're not so tight when he talks!
what in hell planet did this guy come from
Cory can I prosecute Sessions for being a dinosaur!?
What does Sessions have against a multi billion dollar industry that would create thousands of jobs and increase tax revenue? Personal bias?
Legalizing marijuana would allow for appeal of felony convictions. No longer felons they would have their voting rights reinstated.
I hope that  this Racist Neanderthal and The one that occupies The White House  Get indicted
please stick to this, no matter who donates to you
@CoryBooker You're Dem...he probably doesn't consider you part of Congress.
Stupider than I thought
Agreed love you Cory Booker!
My husband and I tremendously respect your hard work, and passion toward fighting for the rights of the American people. Thank you!
ahh, those pothead voters, you wouldnt want to lose them! Drugs r destroying families at record rates, and you'll let it happen for a vote
Hell no! He wants to give them the death penalty!
marijuana needs to be decriminalized ASAP!
@washingtonpost Thank you for standing up for the people and against the AHCA!
I get the feeling there's a lot more you wanted to say. Kudos to you for your restraint.
Exactly! Democrats have to stand up and unite against the current administration. The Repubs are using USA to push their selfish agenda.
That sounds like crap. He is the AG, why should he have to ask permission to prosecute anything? You been smoking too much weed.
How to get millennial support, by Cory Booker
How about getting it rescheduled? Decriminalized? Legalized, regulated and taxed? Helps me forget Trump.
You and your fellow legislators need to shut Sessions down.
Close minded people
@washingtonpost Please, please continue the fight. This drug needs reclassified and studied. I have a TBI and the drops work.
I think a lot of incaceration and recitivism problems in poor and minority communities would be eased with federal decriminalization.
Will he even remember he sent the letter?
Sessions is subject to oversight but doesn't need Congress's permission to prosecute illegal activity. More fake news.
Thank you.  We should be moving away from opioids and toward medicinal marijuana.
No, you won't allow it? or no, it didn't happen?
I never used marijuana, but medical use shouldn't be prosecuted, so I HOPE Sessions doesn't follow through
Same.
Thank you @CoryBooker for having the guts and intelligence to stand up to AG Sessions and his medieval beliefs on medical marijuana
States rights huh Sessions?
Thank you for your work protecting us!
HELL NO!
Legislate it don't fight on the street about it
WA state is with you.  It's way overdue to decriminalize Marijuana across the nation.
No.
This all goes back to his lies at his confirmation. Things he said he WASN'T about, he's obviously about!
The evil hobbit really is insane.
Its good to see people standing up for the right thing. ESPECIALLY since Jersey has $500.00  ounces with THC lower than 10% for Medical MJ
Do the opposite end this once and for all, legalize, regulate and tax like alcohol. Don't let him fill the prisons again.
The effin worst. He's going to prosecute us all at this rate
So Mr. Booker there is absolutely NO corruption or unlawful activity with medical marijuana providers? That means you personally assure 100%
Go 'head, Jeff! See if millions of people don't come angrily knocking on your door.
No, no, no.....
Booker 2020!
He's done
Sickening Sessions. Need more access to medical marijuana for all relevant conditions in NJ and all states. It's a plant for gods sake.
Thank you for continuing to protect patients and providers.
Mr. Booker,Why have you all not passed a legalization bill yet?It has bipartisan support in both the house & senate; enough to possibly pass
Agreed. And no matter what your views, don't we have a few more important things to worry about right now?
Absurd.  If he is concerned about drugs, he should look at our pharmaceutical companies and the $ they're making off the opioid crisis
Gotta keep those prisons full of nonviolent offenders $$$
Hell No!!!
Wish you were my Senator instead of R.Paul & The Turtle...
Thanks for working for all of us asking for the right to quality of life.
No
WHY.... States rights vs BIG GOVERNMENT.... More hypocrisy from the TRUMP Administration....
Why not? Its against fed law, and Sessions is a federal attorney. If you condone illegal activity, perhaps it's time for you to step down.
Does he know anyone that had cancer and was suffering?
No he didn't ask, or your answer is no??
Sessions is confused but it will all come clear in a court room for him and the crew
Thank you!
So @CoryBooker what comes next on the perjury front for Sessions? Does the Senate play a role in charging him?
He is so out of touch we were giving THC to Hospice Pts in the 80's for nausea and legal by the way Jeff sit your ass down Next!!!!
A dinosaur who has no respect for actual states rights
#Sessions is #clueless. Medical #marijuana #helps people undergoing treatment like #chemotherapy get through the day.
I second your "No".
No, it is needed
What's wrong with that elf?
Sessions needs to retire!
We are with you, Cory! Thank you for standing up for what's right!
It's time to legalize. I realize it will never pass under R control so let's clean sweep in 2018. #legalweednow
Based on his memory issues, it would seem Sessions might need some himself.
I love you, Senator!
"No" is your answer to that request...or are you saying the story is incorrect and this request didn't happen?
He was opposing prosecutorial restrictions placed on the DOJ by resolutions 2 the CSA. Wrong b/c equating med marij. use w/opioid addiction
I'm
Good answer.
Here are some harder ones:
Single Payer Healthcare?
Import Prescription Drugs?
Why not?
Insurance Donor$?
RX donor$?
    /c:
@jeffsessions My husband is retired law enforcement w/Parkinson's. Doc recommends medical mj. Legalize. Don't come after him or provider.
No he didn’t 

Or

He asked and you said no

(Thx for clarifying)
The article is bunk...a Sessions is fighting legalization of recreational pot...NOT MEDICAL!
No
No no no
Please don't let this happen. I thought Republicans wanted to leave states alone?? Get rid of Sessions already, a liar and coward.
That is one odd duck
Thank you, Senator.

No the story is wrong or no Congress wouldn't let him prosecute? I'm confused.
Filibuster by amendment is needed on AHCA. 40,000 amendments to be exact. #Indivisible
NO. How does he even keep a job like that when he has no recollection of recent events or meetings? Are we sure he's fit?
Agreed...based on his memory problems he'd probably forget his mission. He's obviously a closet smoker.
If he was, he would be much kinder and compassionate.
Synthetic THC made all the difference for my daughter when she was going through chemo. Would've used med marijuana if avail in NJ in 2012.
Daughter was 7 years old. Cesamet gave her appetite back, allowed us to remove feeding tube. Kept her nausea in check. It was HUGE help.
Please stand strong for Jersey on this.. considering 2018 will be a big year for us and cannabis
What is it with his obsession with cannabis? Is it based on a belief that "reefer" is a way to control the African American community? SMH.
Not good!
Does he even remember where his office is? LOL, he doesnt remember anything else!!!
If that demented Keebler elf indulged in the devil's lettuce sometime, he'd learn to lighten the hell up.
Full disclosure: I am a caregiver and I personally know several people whose quality of life would be ZILCH without access to cannabis!
NO NO NO
Stand firm, Cory. There are a lot of folks counting on you.
@washingtonpost NO. sessions perjury is ok but med marijuana not.usa in crisis
How do you stay positive in all of this insanity?
He is trying to fill his buddies pay prisons..that's why he's there he has stock in them, and oil, and insurance co.
#nomeansnojeff because #coreybookersaidno thankfully we have checks and balances on stupid things like prosecuting medical weed users.
The failed war on drugs cannot be revived. It is wrong, criminalizes the most vulnerable section of society. Please fight this travesty.
Vulnerable? The potheads? Bet they can't afford food either...
I do very well for myself as a college grad and law student working full time, but thank you for your incredibly stupid comment.
was replying to Ruth's incredibly stupid comment abt out 'most vulernable' in need of THC
Are we going backwards to the policies that were already proven to be ineffective?
This man is so behind the times. He needs to update himself on CURRENT issues..medical marijuana...Russia...
Marijuana just needs to be legalised. Most of the country wants this. Let's make it happen. #EndTheDrugWar
Sure, we don't have enough dummies running around. What's going to happen to the millions of jobs that require drug testing? More unemployed
No is the right answer to this ridiculous quest.
Are you refuting the story?
Please no, Medical marijuana is helping so many people!

Dear Lord
Not their bodies

Not their Rights

The Right to ones Life is enshrined in international human rights law

They have no legal jurisdiction
Go Booker
Even with something as ridiculous as this, you remain so kind. Cuz my response would have been a bit more colorful than that.
Hrs a political hack, which is why you got an ambiguous answer!
I am sorry, are you saying wapo printed another false story about the Trump administration? Thanks for your honesty
Please oppose this.

Thank you!
The good old days for this guy was pre civil war.
He helped Moses cross the red sea...
Good answer
What do you mean no? Are you saying this story is blatantly false?
It is!
A thousand times no.
Too bad their aren't 1000 nos in congress
We're right here with you Cory
He is unfit as AG fire him.
Whaaaaaaaaat???????
Jeff Goebbels might be overreaching just a little this time.
Thank you.
