Mr. Booker, we need u to run for POTUS. however u need to get off the stale Democratic BS platform and get on the Bernie Bus if u want win.
No. Bernie and his bus can park itself somewhere else. No one is interested. We live Sen. Booker as is! Step off.
so you were on the $Hillary bus? if CB is on that bus, he will lose and the country will suffer. sound familiar?
We lost because you fake democrats didn't come out for HRC. You don't like us, here's the door. Start your own party and stop the division.
You lost because you ran a bad candidate. A candidate so bad they lost to the host of celebrity apprentice, someone with 0 experience
Except data shows Bernie stans spread massive amounts of fake news that depressed turnout.
Data shows she also didn't campaign in many areas, pandered so hard it was obvious, and lost to Trump.
Everything else aside, that is her scarlet letter. She lost to a fucking clown
Agreed. And need to make sure that those who need for pain, illness can get a safe product.
Agreed. Fellow Patriot.

The Medical Cannabis Program has been successful for 21 yeads

I feel it is the best way to move forward. Federally
For me to be a law abiding citizen in California..

Yet treated as if there is no World going on outside Pennsylvania

Was Un-Constitutional
Bring me on your team! I will work tirelessly to help restore our America on all fronts
I have been courting Senator Booker as well. 

To work on the Cannabis Reform Bill

To end the most insidious form of racism. After 80 yrs
Your position on drugs is way off base.  Legalization will only create more problems in healthcare and public safety.  Get real!
The exact opposite is actually true. Re MJ, your body has the endocannabinoid system. It's why MJ treats so many conditions
Disagree with you 100%.  There are numerous reports agreeing pot is bad.  Medical use maybe ok, recreational use NO WAY
3) The old reefer madness myths have been debunked. Nations, particularly Israel, are leading the research on this most useful plant.
http://revolution420.people.msnbc.com/_news/2017/08/12/38170598-would-you-be-in-favor-of-a-nation-wide-vote-by-the-people-to-end-federal-prohibition-on-cannabis#66904 …

Mr Booker it's time the people get to decide on prohibitions fate..put it to a nation wide vote.please vote n share
I'm behind you 100%! This has been a long time coming and you are on the right track!  Gotta push this one home!
Maybe I'm crazy, but the war on drugs is tied to the ghettoization of the inner city. Solving political corruption locally is step 1.
Solving political corruption. Yes. Because justice shouldn't be able to be bought and it is.

medicine is any substance that is designed to prevent or treat diseases and a drug is designed to produce a specific reaction inside thebody
Amen..it's amazing what a little effort to research the truth will yield you.
Something most are to lazy to do..everything about prohibition is a lie..it's an unconstitutional illegal law that has no facts to back it
You're high already!
Stop trying to ruin our youth's lives.
The way to fight drug addiction is to legalize drugs???
Yes Sir.  Make something legal. Kids won't want it.
Besides. The 1937 Hemp Act was the first shot in Corporate Globalization.

#1917Over454
If you are like my parents.. Therefore, the third person on Earth never to try Cannabis.

I assure you.. There is nothing drug-like about it
Thank you Senator for finally undoing that which never should have been. Restore America.
You been smokin' to much yourself sir
We the people should decide prohibitions fate with a nation wide vote ..let the people decide what we want not politicians..we are the boss
And that will solve our problems? You are not very smart.
Be nice not to have to tangle with the Feds over weed!
Gotta get this done!  I'm in Hawai'i on the Big Island. We're supposed to be getting 2 dispensaries in 2 or 3 months.
That's 1 way to end a war. Reclassify an enemy as a friend. Will it work with N Korea and Iran?
do you even know the real reason why marijuana/cannabis became a Schedule 1 drug? u weren't taught this in HISstory
Sure I know. The (il)legality of pot was SO NOT the point of my response.
This months question is, 
"Should marijuana be legalized as a recreational drug everywhere in the U.S.?"
http://mootsagootsa.com 
While you're at it, maybe stop taking shifty campaign contributions. The general public is more informed than it has ever been.
I've been fighting for the legalization of pot for decades. HIV patients should have easy access to this wonderful HERB! #committedtolove
A brave move. 
Cannabis helps pain patients reduce need for opioids, in some states, combining Cannabis in treatment, means being denied opioids altogether
Have you thought through the unintended consequences? It does not appear so.
I'm on pain killers for pain and would n be more than happy to switch to CBD (legally)
Bravo. Hand and hand. Not that complicated
While you're at it, do you think we can fire Jeff Sessions for violating his oath of office?
Thank you!
Why did you vote against the Taylor force act?
Education  harm drugs cause is essential. Until we conquer Human greed the continuing spiral of sale, use and abuse will go on.
produce a specific reaction inside the body.
Definition of medicine vs drugs..medicine is any substance that is designed to prevent or treat diseases and a drug is designed to
Mr Booker cannabis is NOT a drug, it's medicine ! There is a big difference ! Nature makes medicine, man makes drugs !
Handsome politician
Big fan Senator. I grew up in NJ. Check out http://www.bluedoor.org   I have a feeling you'll resonate with our vision. God Bless. Dr. Ravi
Show them the money!!!!  Government needs money. Show them surplus in legalized states. Less drugs thrown over the wall. Everybody wins.
Does your new bill impose regulations to protect consumers from pesticides? #PreventativeHealthCare saves govt $.
A lot of weed has pesticides in it — and the EPA can't do sh*t about it 
The DEA wouldn't have a job!  They know exactly what going on. What drugs are coming in and out of the US! There's a major generation gap
Yes! Cory Booker. Yes! With love from Texas.
Thank you for serving us @CoryBooker !!!!! You are VERY appreciated!
A real replacement for Obama-same level of stupidity
Then maybe we can have programs using cannabis oil to replace opiods and healing the addiction of those affected.
Big Pharma is and has always been the gateway drug and they're the ones stuffing crooked officials with lobby money. Easy math there.
you guys might wanna have a talk with jeff sessions
Legalize marijuana in every state for medical and recreational purposes. HIV medications can cause nausea and loss of appetite. #susanmintz
We just put out an amazing new podcast episode that's VERY relevant to this issue. Features journalism set to music.
Poser and a liar
What about all the money you took from big Pharma. It's "on hold" until you get what you want. What about the lies  about Canadian drugs.

Xanax makes me sick but it's necessary for me to fly.  If i could have cannibus instead, I wouldn't feel so sick or groggy.
Thank you for this! How can we support?!?
The federal government is literally at war with its people, yet we have remained civil. It's time to fight back. This is WAR, people!
Insane Booker is ending the War on Drugs and Begining the War on the Human Race.  #KillmoreBrainCellsZombieFollowers #DumbingDownThePeople
You are sadly mistaken, the Congress will never even "Vote" on your stupid bill, no one will ever remember you other than your stupidity!
Nearly HALF of American Whites over a lifetime use Marijuana. Blacks 42%. Hispanics 33%. So tell us again how Blacks are "targeted"
Ur entitled to ur own opinion not ur own facts. Look up CO stats since weed was legalized. U'll see ur argument to legalize pot is silly.
If that logic applies I Can't Drive 55 so let's do away with speed limit laws
Are you saying they can't follow the law so you should do away with the law
If you want to fix the youth of our country try backing a draft a little ass kicking gose a long way
End Prohibition ! It's a plant, a flower not a drug ! Big pharma makes drugs,God makes healing herbs ! Only an idiot wouldn't know this !
https://fee.org/articles/the-racist-roots-of-marijuana-prohibition/ …
Prohbition is a racist law that needs to be fully repealed for that reason alone..enough is enough..end prohibition
Read @jasonrileywsj  Article on your bill.
leaglize majauna in Kansas and the murder rate will definitely decrease.
Medical marijuana could solve the earth crisis.Trump and Putin need to smoke one and talk they got a lot of pressure on them need meds.
Rehab for whites .Prison for blacks  / the war on meth and crack.
Choice of Huffpo for op-ed not wapo or NYT... Targeting younger folks for 2020 feels.
http://alternativemediasyndicate.org/2015/05/26/crowd-cop-during-arrest/ …
We the people have had enough.civil uprising is beginning..end prohibition before it get to violent.enough is enough
blowhard, out of platforms, racist Booker, taking $ from big pharma....#yourfifteenminutesareup
my my my.
Three MYs in so few characters? How about a couple of WEs or OURs instead? #stopthewar
obviously cory booker thinks he's doing something cool and new.
I want to trust you, but you've taken money from the trumps.
Finally someone who has learned the lessons from the Al Capone days. Thank you Cory!
Actually the best thing would be for the fine ppl of NJ to #VoteCoryOut
Another Alt-Republican / Corporate-Democrat paying mere lip service to the Left again
Believe me when i tell you that the cannabis community is taking note of you politicians with intelligence and will vote accordingly
I support most of what you do... but legalizing drugs only creates new problems, doesn't fix the existing ones.
Have u discussed this with the half-pint AG?
AND ITS COUNTER PRODUCTIVE IN SOCIETY!!
https://merryjane.com/news/nationwide-support-for-marijuana-legalization-highest-ever …. Support is at 94% Americans want prohibition ended..so what's the problem?we the people have spoken.end prohibition
I am so disappointed with you, you're nothing like your father he was amazing and I bet he's turning in his grave make it right Cory. 
Sure let's have everyone burn a fatty I'm sure that's the way u solve problems but please don't impose your upbringing on the country.
@DougBenson Hey that’s cool!  Too bad it’s the only thing a Dem can run on these days
First we have to get rid of Jeff Sessions
Racist AF attorney General would never allow it
Join the GOP for credibility, because as hopeless as they currently are, the DNC is twice as bad, and headed into irrelevance in 2018.
Yeah because pushing an unconstitutional Theocracy and denying Science is totes awesome!
@CoryBooker and @ava teaming up to make a doc re ending the drug war would be 
Thank you.  In addition, we handle addiction in effective ways. Addicts self medicate and feel isolated and we rehab them by more isolation
*ineffective
WE DONT NEED YOUR IDEA'S...
Thank you for your work!
Cory Booker: Hoping to buy votes with Weed.  We know who he is pandering to, shameless and immoral.
How do you plan to get it through committee.
#BookIt2020
Please do all you can to advance your marijuana bill as people don't overdose on it, increases jobs (agricultural, green energy, etc), (2
The opioid epidemic fueled by big Pharma in response to the inability or legality of prescribing medical marijuana. I'm allergic to opioids.
Everyone is
Legalize it.....still can't get a job because responsible employers don't want potheads.
I've always wondered how the "disenfranchised" manage to get the money to smoke all this pot. FYI small town white folk also get arrested.
I support and applaud your efforts Senator Booker. Please continue. I will be doing my part with NORML TN to help get your message out.

Only trump could out-stupid Nancy Reagan's "Just Say No" slogan as an effective way to fight drug abuse with "no good, really bad for you".
You're not going to win the WH. But play on playa!
Step in the right direction
Try to work on something that impacts 1/10th of 1% of our country...
I am in Africa,can I bee your friend.
Reefer gladness
I have been on mind alternating drugs from failed spine surgery 2 yrs ago/NOTHING works to help me live productive life! In Indiana-help me!
The president of the United States we win the war on drugs and legalization is a good idea
Glad you're in the minority! !!
I love you for this, Senator Booker! Well I did before this too but now some big love for this!
Champion on my friend, if your angling for the oval, you got my vote.
government knew cigarettes & alcohol were dangerous hence warnings on packaging & now u want to legalize pot that could lead to hard drugs
Thank you for courageous leadership
I hope there's an age restriction
If the body craves the feeling of the buzz, it will lead the majority of people to opioids or alcohol or all three! Drugs & work can't mix!
I Love You Cory ! You do good work
Finally someone on the left willing to act like a liberal!!!
I will bet you my left arm you will flip on this issue. Wana bet your campaign?
Way to jump on existing momentum. Politically this would have been shrewd; two years ago. - did you plagiarize  rand paul ?
Put it in the hands of the government take it out of cartels tax the crap out of line cigarettes
You the man!
Your wrong, big mistake
Booker, the new drug pusher in chief to our children. Stay away feom our chikdren, please.
Thank you for standing up for what is right. I'm from a very conservative state (Ind.). Our country needs many more in government like you.
If the rationale is unfair law enforcement, then drop all other laws too since they're not equitably enforced.  Not solving the problem.
I'll just leave this here for anyone that wants to know the REAL reason this establishment hack is doing this:
Love how this corporate tool pretends he's progressive when it's really just his corporate overlords in big pharma getting in weed industry
Love how he suggests that he's going to single-handedly end war on drugs, as if it's not his pharma donors that gave him approval for this 
We're on to you, clown.
What an idiotic bill; so ur in favor of kids being allowed to fry their brains?? You belong in JAIL, you typical liberal coward!!
Always the kids SMH. You know you can already get this right. Weed existed before the USA and will when the USA is gone, get over yourself
Just had ACL rplcd. Opioids side efct made recvry terrible. Med marijuana legal in MN but never offered by ANY dr. Access is now key.
Hard but not impossible...Mn program needs expansion. Bookers bill wld reduce dr fear and open the program. Leafline and MinnMed good meds.
.@CoryBooker speaking of drugs, pls support @amyklobuchar's bill 2 allow Medicare 2 negotiate drug prices.  @SenatorMenendez
Why would he do that?  He's not going to make any money on that.  #wakeup
thanks - Obama should have done this. Why not take it to the supreme court like the left did with gay marriage? thats the fastest way
You know who doesn't want this to happen? Drug dealers and the Pharma Corporations
Honestly senator, I wanna believe you but you KILLED the last bill that would've helped Americans with soaring drug prices. Why trust u now?
We need 3 month treatment facilities, then two year  holistic healing & life skills development farms with education & career training.
"holistic healing centers" you spelled bullshit peddlers wrong.
Education, Legalization, Regulation, Taxation
What America needs more lazy stoned obese liberals.
So let me get this: u want to legalize weed so legal drugs can be the problem! Wow, what a stupid idea! But then, what would I expect!
Your South Ward is a third world country, I work it, it's dangerous. Stop your nonsense, you can be poor and not break the law.
How can we help @CoryBooker ?? Seriously!!
Your sick, keep blaming society instead of the person, a poor person will do anything for money for drugs, which inturn creates more crime.
I just want to say someone like you needs to run in 2020 trump can't be alowed to stay please run
Sir, courageous op-ed, but 1) what of opioid sit, and 2) response to argument (held by many drug enfcmnt profs) that mj is gateway drug?
Isn't alcohol the biggest gateway drug?
Maybe. Dunno. Not I, however, who needs convincing.
Very good point lol
Let me know the next time someone gets a DUI for eating fast food - so much more dangerous to society
how's that war on poverty working out???
You do understand that people in jail for pot are in there for sale and distribution. When it's legal they'll just sell something else
Don't you take money from the drug companies that contribute to the opioid problem in this country?
Keep fighting Mr. Booker
Hi Senator. I'm genuinely having a hard time caring about anything due to Trump threatening nuclear war. Can I get some reassurance?
@CoryBooker isn't getting WiFi right now. He's already hiding under a desk in a bunker somewhwere in West Virginia...with his oz. of weed.
Tampons for prisoners and weed for stoners.. definitely more important than what most Americans are dealing with today
All lip service
Let's go further!
Yes sir, we you Jersey.
Fantastic piece, Cory!  Wake up, Fed, and fix this - stop feeding the private prison system by perpetuating unjust laws!
Purpose is more important
"Purpose is more important than position."  
@CoryBooker 
@SenBookerOffice 

…
then there's this  op-ed that shows u r ignoring the dangerous health effects of marijuana
Booker 2020?? You have my support.
Less money on prison and enforcement not to mention tax revenue for US n hopefully out of hands of kids. We gain more control. Good luck
@corybooker- I hope your plan goes through so many benefits- control type of substance, less harmful manufacturing, $$ out of cartels
Medical marijuana could be a effective & efficient way to save people with opiate addiction...easy way to stop the crushing overdose deaths
.....pharma can't profit off of the legalization of marijuana......Senator :)
We all know that your big pharma donors see a pathway of making money off of marijuana Senator...put an amendment in the bill where big....
Cory they don't want to end the war on drugs tooo much money involved... b careful bro and watch ur bck carefully it's dirty games
That's like putting a fire out with gasoline!
Using marijuana to prevent overdose deaths & relapses is a (inexpensive, effecting) life raft, no way it makes the problem worse
If you believe that, you are out of touch with reality
You must have stock in rehab centers.
"a substance that is less dangerous than alcohol or cigarettes or fast food" 
Fast food the most dangerous of all. Well written. Thank you!
Weed shall overcome...
About time someone realized this is an easy way to get the popular vote. What is big pharma saying about this?
Have you thought about painting rocks like Ky Gov @MattBevin or telling kids "Bad- not good" like @realDonaldTrump ? 
SENATOR I DON'T THINK LEGALIZING IS THE WAY TO GO! A RECLASSIFICATION SO A MISDEMEANOR CHARGE INSTEAD OF A.FELONY WILL BE GIVEN!
Booooo! Full legalization!
TELL ME THIS THEY LEGALIZED ALCHOHOL !HOW MANY DEATHS AND ACCIDENTS HAVE THEIR BEEN SINCE THEN ?DO YOU HAVE LOVED ONES?
Good stuff, Senator.  You get it.
Ok this is my idea. Legalize marijuana tax the hell out of it and give us all health care w/ what we get for it
If you "tax the hell out of it" you are maintaining the black market.
Well was just a thought. Look at history (probation ) so could be fedaraly regulated I'm thinking but what do I know I just work retail
Please don't sell yourself short, you have a voice & a vote & we are in this together
