@SenBookerOffice Cory thank you. America needs you.
Don, Aren't you a Nationalist a Supremacist? Not a good time for you to be name calling! U R circling the drain.
@TheLeadCNN I am all in for senator booker in 2020. Booker / Warren yicket is a winner.
I always DVR @jaketapper  show, glad I didn't miss your interview 
I'm watching!!! Corey Booker for President 2020
Really like the man. Articulate, sensible, fair. That seems to be a rarity lately.
I thînk you're a rising star for us, Cory! Big things in your future.
.       Well  little fella    Looks like we can ship all the ISIS killers to the left coast with free airfare. Want some?
Are you announcing 2020 campaign?
Better get away from big pharma NOW Mr. Booker
Is a Joke.
Donald need except he's a loser . Racist brat whit all his little warriors behind him . 
yup me too
. Im with Cory!!!!!!!!
@SenBookerOffice Respect him all you want, but vote NO ON GORSUCH
@TheLeadCNN  Can Dems call for independent inquiry into Trump/Russia election dealings? Also US wants to see tax returns :Trump
lmao dont worry about your mine PRESIDENT Trump taxes what about emails from a tratior
you so seriously help my Obama withdrawals 
Corey you suck!
No idea why Trump is cozying up to Putin? One word: CHINA. Bannon's goal is ultimately war w/China & sees Russia as means 2 end.
China for sure.
I hope the people who represent us are smart enough to see this.
A TOTAL LOOSER.  MUSLIM?
. You are one of fakest Cats I have ever seen
@jaketapper the lemon gum drop lover?
Move left bub
who cares??? Really...
them chickens are coming home to roost huh
are you going to tell us your opinion on the treatment that Tim Scott got in SC we know CNN won't say anything on Sessions
As always, I was proud of you.  Nice interview!
so happy you are my senator
BOOKER YOUR FIGHTING A LOOSING GAME! YOUR WASTING FRESH AIR ! Your on a sinking political party !!JUMP '
papito we all know that is #fakenews .....get on @tuckercarlson show...its #realtalk
failed in Newark and now failing us in Washington
You must stop this man. He is turning USA into a police state. @POTUS @SpeakerRyan @RepDennyHeck @PattyMurray @SenateMajLdr
he better try and fix up jersey
What can be done to take Donald Trump's Twitter account away He's dangerous, threat/embarrassment to US, thin-skinned narcissist
nobody watching Clinton News networks lol.
please don't be fooled into Gorsuch You can't trust what happened today. He's acting!Dems must resist
George Norcross' puppet!
Thank you for being the voice of reason during a crazy three weeks! Can't wait to support you in 2020! 
I think that J Tapper is a great journalist
you vote Booker or hillary you vote Saddam  and gamoria God will destroy again he said so gays and lesbians no... please!!!
Listened to every word. Thank you. Please address the Iran issue. Trump has put us in danger. Massive anti-American protests Fri
that's a joke what trump needs to do is investigate DEM last 8 years to see where tax payers money  went stop plaing women's crd
Fake Corey and Fake CNN
If Trump has no respect for Constitution's three branches, how can he be upholding OR defending it? Isn't that a breach of duty?
DONT TAKE THE BAIT
.@CoryBooker 
It's bad to undermine faith in elections by saying Mexicans vote illegally, but OK to do so by  saying Putin meddled?
.@CoryBooker 
It's bad to undermine faith in elections by saying Mexicans vote illegally, but OK to do so by  saying black votes suppressed?
...you are such a good man!  I thank you!
great job Cory.... Great leadership
Thank you Senator. Please keep Trump's feet to the fire. Don't let up on the Russian investigation
run for president
as always great interview!
Tired of Trump winning yet...Corey? And it hard being such a hypocrite or do you find it easy?
I'm watching...Enjoying hearing your views and the TRUTH.
So glad you are continuing to discuss Russian election interference. We must guarantee the integrity of our elections.
Excellent 'talk' with Jake! When are YOU going to run for President of the  United States? We really NEED you!  (:
@TheLeadCNN put that work in Cory
nobody watches the King of fake news
Are you now against school choice after bring for school choice...are you channeling Kerry?
listening to you now on CNN. Great commentary about trump and what is going on in the WH. Please fight. Do not normalize.
great
Great job!  Articulate, knowledgeable, passionate.  Ahhh. Great change from WH press briefing.
You are a true representative of the people.  Thank you and pls don't stop.
good job as usual Senator.
of course you are
Thank you sir. Keep pushing back!
Watching.
Booker/Harris 2020!!
are you apologizing to the people of NJ...for being a liberal HYPOCRITE about Devos who you worked with and supported?
Please run in 2020
YOU'RE EVERYWHERE---GO ANYWHERE, SAY ANYTHING, COPY THE PREZ BHO GAME PLAN----SORRY U R A SUCKUP
actually the only senator suck up these days is Jason Chaffetz of #45 I wouldn't recognize him, but 4that brown nose
I'll pass. You're just another corporatist shill.
yassssss Mr. Booker, cry loud and spare not! !!
I'm watching from Canada. Keep up the good work.
should we expect tears?
Dick dorazio only tears coming r from #45 about his daughter getting booted from Nordstrom!
KAC should be fired at the least! why is it anyone behind the door at the wh seem to be above the law?!?!?
articulate as ever! tell them like it is! 
Love listening to you. You are the voice of reason, common sense, and hope. Thank you!!
@CNN @jaketapper The one journalist who actually calls this administration out on their bullsh** - #Impeach
is that a threat?
watching... Finally someone making sense....Thank you Cory for your service to this country....We need more people like you!!!!!
the hard truth is he is going to get away with these conflicts for two years until midterms. Dems #1 focus has be winning seats
wish you were my senator, keep up the fight!
what is this an ad for CNN?
Amazing comment. Didn't think about it that way...She was still inside the WH...
@SenBookerOffice thanks for the heads up. I just turned it on. Jake is "the Man"
I dont like Jake
ok got it.
Just switched over !
turning it on.
no one cares. Warren 2020.
.@CoryBooker Ask what journalist are doing about the dossier?
let me guess, u supported old fart Bernie...altylefty
says the one who gets his news from fox &Bernie *I love donors money so much, I need more for my new home* Sanders
well spoken :)
