I have been so grateful for the ACA.
I stand I rise I worry I pray
it was a TAX and NO gov nobody has a right to FORCE me to buy anything that I don't want. Voters spoke=DEMONcrats rejected!
I'd have more respect for this if you weren't so beholden to pharm companies. #ThumbsDown
Hey Devon, this new Politifact article addresses the misleading attacks on Sen. Booker: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/jan/18/other-98/viral-image-about-democratic-senators-and-big-phar/ …
That's fair, but the idea that Canadian drugs somehow don't meet "The FDA's" standards is absurd.
but I hear you voted against helpingpharmaceutical costs ?  Confused by that.
Thx for standing up for the ACA.  Bgning the discussion today with Grad Students in Public Health @SDSU ..my 1st time teaching!
all talk booker, u could have helped with pharma bill, but u r on the take
@pokie3154 two over 100 dollars mothly... lower premium and your co pays are through the roof...or get fined...total BS
Joseph, B4 ACA I paid $655/mo for 2 ppl. $7,500 ded & $10K max out. Heart attack cost me $10K. $100/mo is 1985 r8t
between what u paid for your heart attack plus your premium, I paid less cutting out the middle man..
On the contrary. My total bill was $165K. It would take 236 months to break even. My point was $100/mo is cheap
literally more than doubled my salery
Translation please.
???
Then why did you vote to keep American citizens from  importing cheaper Canadian pharmaceuticals?
RT if you think Cory Booker sold us out when times got tough. I guess the money is too good #feelthebern #BigPharmaJunky
politifact found this to be "mostly false"
Dont tweet me with this mess. Booker didnt vote against it because of safety concerns. We import veg from all over
Why does Congress have their own healthcare plan separate from Obamacare?  They should be forced to suffer from their own deeds.
@realDonaldTrump be honest with me. Are you going to make cuts to my Social Security disability benefits, and raise the cost of Medicare?
if you are for ACA then you should stand up for lower drug prices, not vote against it. I'm disappointed.
liar, you are in bed with the  pharmaceutical industry.
@DrWAVeSportCd1 i have healthcare becuz of the ACA.  Thank u President Obama and the 2009-2010 Congress
is this true?

Dear @UN & @NATO

Liberal America did not abandon you…
you hurt millions of people when you voted against importing perscription drugs from Canada.
So why then did you vote against a bill that would import cheaper drugs
stop the partisan BS and fear mongering and work with GOP on replacement. Even Bill Clinton said it was a trainwreck.
nah he wants to run for POTUS, has to appeal to the lunitic fringe. He wants to do for America what he's done for Newark
why are we supposed to give a shit what you think? You voted against cheaper meds from Canada.
NJ appealing to our Demo elected officials to halt CHRISTY'S attack on legit Drs & Patients suffering in acute chronic pain.
part of healthcare reform empowered patient/family leaders, engage us, we're here & ready #healthcare
what don't you understand about Repeal and Replace? Typical Democratic scare tactics.
3) health insurance should be like car insurance - open it up !!!
Why did you vote against Americans buying pharmaceuticals from Canada?
please don't let .@POTUS repeal aca or I'll have to live in Ancora psych facility
@CynthiaLongo RT if you realize that this is not true!
current ACA is match with state dollars, more you spend the more you get, no incentive to be efficient. Can't borrow forever
what about the executive order Trump signed today? What's that going to do the the ACA?
Or don't if you are one of the millions who already lost theirs because of Obamacare.
What else can I do to fight to keep ACA?
@SenBookerOffice you do realise that no one is buying your "Canada's drugs aren't safe" argument right?
Fake #
how can we trust you anymore especially regarding healthcare #bigpharma$$
@2020fight 
I do stand with them, however I don't understand how you voted "NO" on negotiating pharma prices?? $$$$
Liar
Huh?
#stopthishollocoust
Repealing the ACA will increase morbidity and mortality.  Bad
@odeedee
are you disingenuous on this subject like you have been on school choice?
whyy did you vote against lower drug prices for us? Thx a lot, life is going to be much harder because you decided to be greedy
Senator Booker. How could you have signed that bill the other day? I'm disappointed because I admire you
booker voted for the wyden amendment which would have actually lowered drug costs
They will not so stop the scare tactics of Democrats.
You know they won't repeal it without replacing it.  How about your vote on you opposing importation of Canadian drugs?
First you vote against Canadian import of medication for sellout reasons and now you stick up for healthcare. #NeoliberalValues
Repealing amd Relacing without ripping off people's wallets.

Trump/Pence 
never booker....never president.

You are a sell out to big pharma and nothing but a corporate democrat who does the biding of your donors.
@sfhater even the ones who screamed "repeal Obamacare" only later learning it was the ACA and how they are insured? Ok fine.

@sfhater some of you are trolls... who knows from where
I'm one of them. Definitely. Please stop them from doing this.
@sfhater hey haters... best you start thinking about how the enemy keeps the opposition split.. some of you are frauds
???
@SenBookerOffice Absolutely
You sad Democratic a-hole racist just give it up, you can not win.
Cory - never has any R stated it would be repealed w nothing to replace it. Stop peddling this
A drug maker was recently fined for hiking a life saving infant drug by 85,000%, this is why we need cross border meds, your vote hurt...bad
Thank you for making us proud of our presence in Washington DC. You are a humble servant to us. Save as many as you can thanks
Boycott the man leading the dismantling of the ACA!  Do not attend the inauguration.  #SaveACA #ivote #Notmypresidenttrump
I support ACA
what about cheaper drug prices you voted against? #bribemuch ?
un affordable except for illegals
I also stand with lowering prescription drug costs. What are you going to do about that?
why did you vote for big pharma and against citizens getting lower priced meds. Very disappointed!
booker actually voted yes on the wyden amendment to lower drug costs:
@SenBookerOffice  poisoned toys from CHINA-YES
Affordable prescription drugs -NO! Why do u take Pharma $$$
Sen Booker?!!
but you should take a look at the election map of NJ large parts of the state support @realDonaldTrump you should consider that
It's safe to shake off the Corp Donations, we will see it when you start working for us. #TheResistance  #uniteblue
Health Insurance Companies only add cost to care and keep people from getting it. We pay through the nose for the privilege.
The ACA at least needs a public option. Not much changed for me, except my premium and deductible went up.
Yea like you give a fuck.Cory Booker & Corporate Democrats  Screw Over The Poor & Bernie's Bill.
Cory Booker & Corporate Democrats  Screw Over The Poor & Bernie's Bill https://youtu.be/2HAqDPfj8B8  via @YouTube
ok ! mr Hillary clinton 2.0
Good to know you supported cheap prescription drugs for those same Americans. Oh, wait.... You sold out to Big Pharma. #fraud
@revalsharpton Forget about being a hateful racist that u r for a min Mr Booker. Here are the actual facts:
show me the pile of dead Canadians. Your vote on negotiating pharma prices was a betrayal of the people. Shame.
ACA did not work 4 us - make just enough $ to not qualify for subs. but not enough to afford sky-high AZ ACA rates of $700+/mo
Again & again..
I might not lose healthcare coverage but I will lose affordable prescription coverage which could lead to my death. My Epitaph: Trump did it
I stand with the millions who know you sold out to Big Pharma.  Go home @CoryBooker
You are the ultimate sellout, I will be writing articles about you every day on every site I run. I will make sure, no1 forgets!
Just can't. So many of them voted for Trump. It's hard to stand that close to stupid. It's contagious.  @Auxi13Sheila
@vererr I am one of the 32 mil that'll lose health care. 
What part of REPLACE don't you comprehend? Stop instilling fear & hatred based on falsehoods. Unite, not divide.Obama divided!
yeah he separated invisible racists from visible racists and loud & stupid public racists - *deplore-click*
wish u would have tweeted for me & other NJ taxpayers who lost their doctors due to the #ACA even though POTUS said we wouldn't.
Rejection meds cost > $5k/mo for my hubby's transplant. We need better ins and cheaper meds. Pls fight as hard as he does.
"Could",...Could? They also could get better coverage for less money. Is that ok?
Attending the Inauguration? Voting down drug importation from Canada? :-(
I agree, but his answer was, cuz quality.  Drugs already coming from CA to US, non-issue.  But i trust u
I opposed an amendment put forward last night that didn’t meet this test (drug safety).  This is all I have seen.
Stand with? I am one of them. So is every person with a Pre-Existing condition. God help us.
@pokie3154 was told my premium went up over me having a birthday and moving from one zipcode across town to another zip code grr
@pokie3154 got to be honest with ya, I  really dont like this heath care plan...within one year, my premium went from 40 monthly
stop pretending to care about the mid class, after voting no on Bernies bill it's very evident who you represent #votebookerout
All you had to do was be a principled progressive and you could've secured a legacy. Now it's over, Cory. You're done.
$267,338 lol Ted Cruz & Rand Paul vote WITH Bernie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ng2FNvShMpo&t=20s …
Obama care is killing me #aca
if you don't have a change of heart, god bless my brother and Godspeed, but this is a deal breaker. Just wanted to air that.
Your next bite at this apple, when this vote comes back around, I hope you rethink your position for the betterment of us all...
the interests of NJ (or your national ambition for that matter) don't exceed the interests of the many more...
whether it's the donations or the NJ interest, you will be held accountable, nationally, for holding the rest of us hostage...
I understand NJ's economic/job dependency on big pharma but that is little justification to the rest of us non-NJ Americans...
millions lost ins, can't see their preferred Dr, many can't afford ins or fines under ACA as it is.
Huh?  Details regarding new legislation is to be addressed before its passed/signed.  This mess is on Dems.
speaking of which, drug costs are a huge piece of unaffordable healthcare (both for the prescriber and the prescribed)...
Agreed 100% everyone should have healthcare!!!
2) if you are not applying for subsided coverage - then the IRS should not be involved - why do they need your medical records?
1) Revise #ACA website: pricing & options first then entering personal information second
Any special instructions for those of us that are part of the 32 million? Can somebody tweet me some healing crystals? 
omg I love when we the people call out shitheads like this guy. I'm from NJ. If your a politician in NJ you have ties.
what about lower drug prices? Waiting 4 y u voted against...please answer
how about you stand to lower prescription drug prices..... 
RT if Cory Booker is part of the problem healthcare is more than Drs it's affordable prescription drug prices,
Now it gets even better. 32 million. But “you can keep your plan”.
I'm with the millions that could not afford it when it passed..oh yeah I don't matter...
@sherdngr @CoryBooker
@queencerra Still mad at you about that pharma vote.
everybody should RT this if they're against your vote NO for lower cost prescription drugs. Don't sell us out to big pharma.
You have 0 credibility. Don't even bother running in 2020. Quit politics and become a hedge fund manager or something.
Also all the people who will lose their job. Like myself who works for the ACA. A single mom of 2!
PLEASE run for President in 2020! You will have one hell of a mess to clean up if you do. Trump will be a disaster.
Stay strong. We need your intelligence, your voice, your heart more now than ever.
you are so far off
.@CoryBooker I'd take you seriously as an advocate for affordable health care if you didn't help defeat a bill to import drugs from Canada.
hey, y'know what would help those 32 million? Lower pharmaceutical prices..
Did PhRMA okay this tweet?
agree, #healthcare #ACA is a good for #America
I need to know why u take money from pharma??? I'm disappointed and just asking. Big fan.
Hey man! This new Politifact article addresses the misleading attacks on Sen. Booker: http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/jan/18/other-98/viral-image-about-democratic-senators-and-big-phar/ …
it's a mess and dems jammed it down our throats. Remember Pelosi, pass it to know what's in it. U should do the same w/ trump.
So proud of you,and the Democrats for all your doing Thank You
he didn't sign the bill that Sanders put together what are you talking about? Accepted 300k from big pharma
I am 1 of the 32 million Cory. Defeat the #GOP and improve #ACA while you're at it. Thank you!
Did you vote against importing prescription drugs from Canada? Why?
fighting cancer is scary. Living w/out possibility of healthcare is terrifying! Our voices will be heard http://facesoftheACA.org 
The American People want it gone.  Repeal or replace it NOW.
The @GOP will have HELL to pay if they take away my #ACA! I MADE IT!
help us understand your NO vote.
I be one that losses my health care
shoot for the moon in 2020, you're all we've got left
.@CoryBooker You don't have much ground to stand on after voting against importing cheaper drugs from Canada.
How about standing with the millions that need affordable prescription drugs from Canada?

I stand with the millions of Americans hurt by neo-liberal corporate Dems such as yourself.
I was in a car accident earlier this year where I hit a tree going 60mph and I couldn't afford my prescriptions.
Because of corporate bought Dems like you we still have unfathomably high prescription drug costs.
