why didn't you do it for Hillary Clinton or Obama Booker you hypocrite!
why deflect. One wrong doesn't make a right. You don't want to know if your president is lying?
##FBI Cleared everyone but no one said crap about HRC and Podestas Russian connections
It was okay for HRC to sell our plutonium to Russia because she wasn't DT.
why do you people spend time crying about Obama and Hillary. DJT is president.
Thank God he's President as who knows what would have happened otherwise.
God would not endorse racism, bigotry, Xenophobia or misogyny,that's blashemy
And neither does Trump or his supporters. That's propaganda and you know it.
LOL. Ole Cory falling for some fake news. Worried about Russians and not Saudi's. Figures.
Saudis aren't the one's with permission to hack our systems either.. Focus you Fool...
No 1 hacked anything. Or are you just upset the Dem's got outed by an insider and now we all know their corruption?
Dems not the ones being blackmailed. Nor are they engaging in Golden showers with Russians. FOH
Sounds like you've been sidetracked with Cory on some fake news lol. Russians didnt hack or do anything, yet.
You're so gullible. You're a Hannity and Alex Jones puppet. 
@MizTrigga75 @CoryBooker
I dont watch, nor can stand, Hannity and Alex jones because theyre fakes and frauds.
I can agree with that.
@RuPaul @POTUS
how about an investigation on you??
@RuPaul @POTUS what on Earth is going on now...
agreed they should start with the Democrats . God knows they've been destroying America for the last 8 years.
we need a forensic code audit of all voting machines & tabulation servers w/data trails Russia hacked everything.
We must have Special Investigator
You need to reach across the aisle and get the GOP on board.  We can only resist so long without help.
@KennethWReid @POTUS Absolutely Senator Booker! We need investigations into why the president's men were in/talked to Russia.
GET THE RUSSIANS OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE!!
how about a thorough investigation into security leaks?
your not the next obama although you are trying to bring down america . maybe you are the next obama
make sure Jeff Sessions recuses himself from whatever happens. Stop this insanity!
Can't wait for Sessions to investigate his crimes.
by the way Cory are you doing this on your own time or my tax dollars paying for your jihad?
Which Senators are standing in the way? Rand Paul's comments disgraceful.
@speakerRyan proved he will roll over and lay on his belly and his back
Lol no thanks, nice effort trying to get people to look past your voting record though
@Aurelius3395 @POTUS  behind you 1000%
@Moms4MeatyTucks @POTUS Thank you for always taking the time to keep us informed Senator.
How about spending your time on something most Americans  favor.... Term Limits  or are you part of the problem  also?
@Gr82Bscientist @POTUS Trump, you're getting nailed for selling out this country.
When are Dems going to make the American people a priority & work w/POTUS? Grudges aren't the peoples - just the Dems
Why don't you be honest & admit the hacking began before Trump was candidate? Jeb Bush was favored at  onset of hacks.
@Paid_My_Dues_ @POTUS  ROFLMAO
shut up cory
did you see Trump's rally tonight.  MAGA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
behind you 100%, thank you!
Keep pushing for that investigation Cory
@EileenMyles @POTUS 
I am with you
@thelittleidiot @POTUS My congress people are on it. They're the best!
. AMERICA STANDS WITH TRUMP. PERIOD
waste some more money @!!
#TheResistance #BoycottFloridaRally #LiarInChief #NotTheEnemy #TraitorTrump #Indivisible
we want to know what the hell is going on with the Russians and this administration.  Deeply disturbing.
cease all business til senators appoint a Special Committee on Trump & the Russians
Riiiiiiight

iImportant that we follow through on the Russian interventions. There is more to this than we know right now.
yes!! Trumps constant tweets are only to reassure himself how he has not f----d up. He has to reread them to feel big
I'm pretty sure cory is just playn politics for the losers, he probably voted for Trump as did the other clown schumer
what can we do to help stop this abomination
yes yes please someone get this done and charge Jason Chaffetz too
go Cory. We need your voice here.
@debjlyons @POTUS after your backstabbing over reimportation of drugs...no thanks
There was no Russian's get over it the people have spoken...!
yes! What can we do??
Anything we can do beyond phone calls? Independent investigation needed!! Trump Russia Taxes Yemen etc.
Cory, you're awesome! Lead the way!
.@CoryBooker .@POTUS why don't you & others of your ilk tried to make a difference? Instead you play worthless political games all day long
Cory doing what he does best waste money!!
all lies created by democrats who can't even run their own party. Nuts like Pelosi and Waters , what a mess!!! #CleanUp
stop wasting your time & my $! We lost. Fight for something that will make a difference to me & my family!
You spout Urban Legend. Innuendo. DNC emails prove collusion. DNC and Hillary were caught lying and cheating. @POTUS
.@CoryBooker @POTUS #ImpeachTrump now, imprison his whole team, and install @CoryBooker and @SenWarren! Save America before it's too late!
Thank you for being aggressive on this serious & possibly treasonous act. Fight,  fight,  fight! W/ you all the way!
: how about investigating you and your drug company ties!
stop it !!! Get behind our president and save us from doom !!
I agree 100%.  Trump-Bannon-Tillerson-Gorka-Putin-Ukraine: Put the pieces together.  It reeks of treason.
sure as soon as you investigate foreign influence at State Dept via corrupt Clinton foundation
it's odd that the dems made up the Russian story failed to be successful with it now want to waste money investigating it
Provided it is fair and factual, agree it is necessary. Even if unfounded the doubts about this causing too many issues.
.@CoryBooker .@POTUS the next BHO - failure.
.@CoryBooker .@POTUS too many concussions Cory.
I'm With you. But we also need to investigate the Republican Congress members.. WHY are THEY Okay with the fuggery? Hummm
If #45 knew, Pence knew. They are both complicit.
my ? Is if midterms put congress back to democrat majority can we impeach cheeto hitler?
Thank you Senator Booker!Jersey ShoreJersey Strong 
@siaayrom @POTUS We need mass demonstrations to demand a true investigation.
go Mr. Booker and do not give up!! We deserve HONEST answers!
@home414 @POTUS already called my congressman @PeterRoskam yesterday. Does nothing. GOP are protecting this boob at all costs
thank you for fighting for this country
-BOOKER YOUR FINISHED IN JERSEY OLD MAFIA WONT SUPPORT YOUR CRAP NOT ENOUGH BLACKS TO SUPPORT YOUR RACISM
That's what I'm talking about.
@simpsonrob39 @POTUS Don't waste our time and money Booker!
Thank you for fighting for ALL Americans. God speed!!!!!
and it's good to remember this exchange between Obama and Romney during a debate in 2012 --  https://youtu.be/T1409sXBleg 
THOROUGH investigations of Russian influence should be no problem. Unless you have something to hide... #WeDemandAnswers
STOP LYING, cory  @POTUS https://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/01/us/politics/fbi-russia-election-donald-trump.html?_r=2 …
let's all join Do-NOTHING cory booker in repeating the DNC lies & propaganda!  @damiengwalter @POTUS
keep up the work with Russia! DT keeps trying to confuse us and change the subject. We didn't vote for him - not stupid!
OMG!!!!!!!
@thelittleidiot @POTUS this is bogus propaganda. Stop your hate and racism. Resistance is not unity.
@Sheli82519467 @POTUS
Is this a joke? First start with the Clinton Foundation and then worry about misdemeanours.
your excuse for not accepting Canadian drugs was lame. Stop taking $ from big pharma.
get it done
Investigate Sen. Ted Kennedy's contacts with the Soviets to undermine the Reagan Presidency. Then you'll have some credibility.
let's look at Hillary for selling uranium to russians
What can we do to help push this?
If you keep up this baseless rhetoric; your party is doomed.
But you'd love to waste tax payer money doing that wouldnt you? Obstructionist.  You make me sick.
Sir, respectfully: you've lost your mind.   A phishing email to Podesta, and Flynns call was recorded = no investigation needed
We deserve answers from him, not just a bunch of crap.
what a load of hogwash.The only thing that happened was a CIA,NSA,MSM corrupt liaison/agenda with HRC was exposed.Period!
Thank you!
you dems are not true Americans at heart, the disrespect of the President is clearly racial and politically charged.
you could do something constructive like help bridge the gap between the parties ,work across the aisle for the good.
why can't grown people just do Their  jobs put your opionions aside and help not hinder goverment
Is there a petition to sign? We need answers.
she must be indicted
how about a investigation into hillary and her classified EMAIL SERVER  she caused our operatives  lives to be indangered
@JohnRMoffitt @POTUS We have your back
this bich is a hypocrit
nope you're the punks punk... So it's now okay for you to challenge our intelligence, but not Trump?  Hypocrit
#WeDemandAnswers
how about calling to disclose Trumps Taxes. Said alot in Presser today on "no dealings" w/ Russia. Let's see if it's true
vote them out.
just as one should be opened against Hillary...e-mails, Bengazi
The American people demand a thorough, independent investigation!
what does it take to impeach?
go for it
how can I help?
FBI went public w/concerns about handling of emails while holding back actual colluding info to commit treason w/rival
no thanks! Waste of time...
yeah!
hold their feet to the fire!  A Congressional stand still until this is resolved!!!
I joined you and called my rep Rodney Davis, IL. I am livid!!
Guess what?  #OKcongressmen don't care they #turnAblindEye & a #deafEar like it's business as usual, which it is to them
the 1980's called, they want their foreign policy back !!!!!
you're my Congressman and I couldn't be prouder
I will only join you in calling for a Bipartisan SELECT Committee Investigation. Anything less will be fruitless.
I'm with you!
WE ARE WITH YOU! Thank you! ~THIS is the leadership we expect! @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @TheJusticeDept
We demand that you halt all actions being taken by an illegitimately elected government until this matter is resolved.
so glad your working for us
yes do it and make sure Pruitt doesn't get through
I'm still waiting for the investigation into Hillarys emails and the money to Palestinians  from Obama.
.@CoryBooker .@POTUS RICO ACT
he is getting away with the voter fraud lies..he is setting up brutality for Saturday....Stop 45 NOW!
@DonnaVishio @POTUS will do.
Senator, can you produce evidence for a reason to spend tax dollars instead of wasting time on a partisan witch Hunt?
when are you going to look into why NSA is recording and leaking info without a warrant?
@CathyTo47590555 @POTUS LMFAO! I can hear the kids now, Mommy Russia did it I swear! No really, and then some other stuff to.
I hear a lot of talk - you all have the authority to put into motion. It's not a matter of "if" we should do it. Act!
Senator @CoryBooker you are over doing it. Maybe serve the people who elected you. Our plan is to replace you. @POTUS
You are so nuts. Like rabid dogs. We support him, we put him in, we agree with HIM!! Not you, not the #Alt-left!
#Im going to Like this, however Mr. Cory, you need to be on 100% for the people ;) anyway ... I agree Chicago!
@snhaynes @POTUS Cory - 2020
thank you senator.  Keep fighting. We are with you.
democracy is at risk.  Be outraged. Trump = Treason.  #resist #CongressDoYourJob
So... are we going to do something?  If it was Obama in office with all this, GOP would have already hung him!
Cory, Keep up the good work. @realDonaldTrump  must be held to same standard as Obama. 
Integrity or impeachment.
make sure there aren't any wholesale chemical suppliers to NJ pharma manufacturers beforehand, right?
Is that your own opinion or is that the opinion of your imaginary friend "T-Bone"?
this is a fake crisis being blown out of proportion by anti trumpers
Let's do it
just tell us how.  What will really make a difference.
the Russia thing is a dead horse now got to go back to tax issue or bath robe investigation.
It seems a bit strange that there's no investigation.
show us some proof,not just talk
keep up the pressure Sen. Booker on #45. We need answers!  Thank you for your hard work.
don't waste taxpayers money on this big lie!
you need grow up.... Trump needs to investigate you
....Thank for fighting 4 us.... am with you always.... God Bless:)
This is no time to play politics as usual. Russia is now our most dangerous foe since the Cold War!
If not an independent investigation, at least a deep, thorough investigation is required. Our democracy is at stake!
Before or after we investigate the Obama administration's ties to Mexico?
I'm with you
non partisan Congressional investigation is required!
Thank you,   for all of your hard work and for not letting this important issue get swept under the rug!
investigate Russian influence and big pharma influence too. Grrrr
Get over it. Hillary lost. They were LEAKS. But you have to keep the narrative going. #treason
investigate Cory Booker for RICO Act violations
why not the POTUS saying "I'll be your b... after the election"? Oh, wrong POTUS.
I agree am with you . Senator Cory Booker

Sorry Cory it is time to start Aggressivly investigating...the Democrates that are trying to promote racial devide
