Trump visa ban also applies to citizens with dual nationality, State Department says http://on.wsj.com/2kewfxN 
@WSJ call on the GOP to stand up. Someone has to show them for the nazis they are.
lol Israel calls Trump a friend. Obama? Not so much
that's what you get when you don't actually follow the money and listen to bs instead. Obama did more than most
stay on topic. Israel doesn't make friends with nazis. Obama was hostile to Israel, not a friend
this is #alternativefact u don't know who u are talking to. Ask real Israelis who happen to disagree.
I'll take the real Israeli govt's word for it
over its citizens? that's why you are ignorant and condemned to stay that way.
over your word for sure
@WSJ trump broke the constitution. He broke the law. #impeach
do explain how constitution was broken
google it. #constitution
the answer of someone who doesn't know
no, I know. You should too. Do your homework 
apparently you don't

interesting now find the part where Iranian citizens are covered by the US constitution
Trump & Ryan=LIARS. It is a Muslim ban. Any one with a brain can read and see what is happening.
Indonesia Pakistan aren't banned
that proves nothing.
can't be a Muslim ban if they aren't banned
it certainly can especially when he specifically said Muslim but he will allow Christian Muslims in!
you seem confused. Indonesia is the largest Muslim country and no ban. What is a Christian Muslim?
Thanks for standing up for our values. Thanks for going to to the airport to be seen and heard.@CoryBooker
Slave Master Democrats want to keep all minorities on the plantation so that they can control them.
you go Cory love ya!
@WSJ I'm waiting to witness that fight. Frustrated loyal democrat here waiting for my reps to do their job.
.@CoryBooker @WSJ Where are the Republicans who are ready to right this? The entire world is watching in absolute horror and anger at U.S.
$ @SIIPCampaigns @CoryBooker @DebraHange1 @Medium . Here's your plan.
Thank you for standing up for America's values! #NoBanNoWall #ImmigrantsMakeAmericaGreat #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
What are you actually *doing* to fight any of this? What are any Democrats actually doing to fight any of this?
They understand the law. They know Reagan, Carter, Clinton & Obama all issued bans
Fuck off Nazi.
Keep it up, Senator.
thank you!! #justiceforall
please do something, please.
Hey Senate Democrats, get it now? VOTE NO ON EVERYTHING. Do NOT enable this monster! #WeWillVoteYouOut
@bexarsgirl He's the only one with guts to protect us while you democrats failed all these years. All talk, no action. MAGA
so like when Bush was in office and 9/11 happened that was the republicans protecting us right?
thank you for your dedication to expunging this blemish on everything American stands for.
Just A Thought: It's #Always Politics w/Politicians. How 2 stay in office, 2 maintain their power. #PinkSlip 4 lost Election2016
Loud doesn’t make any statement more effective.
Anger does not show sincerity.
That's not what the constitution says. Get back to work and help make America great again.
Next POTUS...as long as we get Joe back! Love what you are about!
your values  aren't  every ones so we will fight back!!!!
Thank you Senator! Keep fighting the good fight for your constituents!
Thank you for standing up and going to the airport. Human decency...it's a good thing.
thank you! keep fighting for our American values and moral standing. joan
Stop talking Senator. Act and impeach.
@WSJ you and liberals like you should be ashamed to put US families at risk so you can pump ur ego to ur friends how humane u r
@WSJ Filipinos had a ban, indonesia had a ban, 7 mulim countries of 47 have a moratorium until we know how to safely vet them
The gov  is running on chaos & flying by the seat of their pants. STOP this insane man!
Please withold consent on all cabinet nominees and use the filibuster to stop other legislation if necessary.
thanks for going 2the airport 2 protest. Hope that you can help overturn this ban.
Thank you for standing up against this ban. I am a proud democrat from California who supports you.
I am so proud that you went to the airport!!!  THAT is the appropriate response.
@WSJ what is your idea. Let them in with out vetting and take our chances??? Ignore 1731 terror attacks in name of islam in 25y?
@PaulStewartII Lol. All of these accounts say same thing. #bots
Fight until the ban is recinded. We are with you
Thank you for fighting for ALL of us in the face of this insanity!!!
@PaulStewartII
How exactly will you fight it? And how should others, beyond just speaking out?
I think we can see clearly how uniting in solidarity, marching, protesting, signing petitions....#ItAllMatters & helps!
I saw you at the Elizabeth Detention Center on Sunday. Well done. Stay strong and fight like hell!
Thank you for opposing the Exec Order banning Muslims. Trump's actions are making the entire world a more dangerous place.
last time Repubs held all offices we had a depression. Heading there again.
@WSJ what about 2011?
If the ban is a shock event, what is going that we're not paying attention to?
@potus You are endangering every American that works and travels abroad with this Muslim ban. #AmericansNotSafe
so you think ISIS would not shoot you in Paris or Brussels prior to this?
Huge Global companies have ordered  there employees home to America, IMMEDIATLY due to safety issues.
Thank you for speaking out..
Thank you
@emilyyodis @WSJ
Senator, you have a poor memory or a Politically charged agenda.This President is replicating what our prior President executed?
You will be impeached too. Mostly for lying. You're an embarrassment!
Seven Inconvenient Facts About Trump's Refugee Actions - Breitbart http://bit.ly/2khyYGn  via @BreitbartNews
Keep up the fight @CoryBooker.  Filibuster all cab picks not qualified!  Not entry level position.
@dominickevans who paid you to say that corporate democrat? "We shall know them by their works*
What did you do when Obama did it?
Thank you for your support, continue to resist oppression and bigotry, and vote your conscience!  Make America free again!
Mr Booker... What is more important... Morals or the safety of the American people... Both are important but which is more
Thank you, Senator. I was pleased to see that you went to the airport last night.  This is a deplorable EO.
@WSJ he is doing what the people want remember he won by the people!
Thank you for opposing this unAmerican EO. Please continue to speak up in Congress. #nomuslimban
Thank you!
Thank you!!
Cory. You do not know what we are as a nation. Get in the trenches.
Thank you Senator.
President Obama wrote this law in 2015 you were on board then what changed. You're being the normal democrat, divisive. #SAD
we back our President. You are mistaken sir.
thank you for showing up. Tell us how to get this admin overturned!
Thank you for your opposition to the Muslim ban!  Please keep being a loud voice against bigotry!
@WSJ Go get 'em Cory!!
make up your mind where you want to live in the Middle East or in America right now we're putting America first
@WSJ help us beat Trump!! We need you to run for president in 2020! Get us out of this mess! #notmypresidentandneverwillbe
Open up Ellis Island will do this all the right way
@WSJ yes!
We believe in you, Senator Booker!!
yeah. You say that. Actions speak louder though. Like the money you took to keep Rx drugs super expensive.
you only are on the side of your campaign donations. Where were your values when you voted no on the bill for cheaper drugs
@WSJ Thank you Senator. We need and appreciate your voice. Trump admin can't be allowed to inflict constant chaos. Stop this now
@WSJ Who's values again? You need to stop talking for everyone! Your not my voice along with about anothe 40million!
i stand behind you
Where were you when Pres Obama banned Iraqi's? Oh Yeah, he's a Democrat. There's nothing he did you opposed. Nevermind.
you are the future of @DemocraticParty please run in 2020. I support you 100%.
der spiener gehört in die Stadtlieche Einrichtung und den Schlüssel wegwerfen
@WSJ First @CoryBooker start voting no on trumps picks. Start with that.so far the Dems are spineless.
Thank you for opposing the ban.
You're Awesome--thanks!!
@MichaelSkolnik Well you never fight to stop all the Muslims murders rape and paedophiles so it makes sense you will talk crap
Thank you for your words and action.  Keep it up!
FIGHT HARD !
Thank you!
Thank you for taking stand again hateful #MuslinBan & for going to airport to stand with us.
hope you never get terrorized by the people you want in our. Ountey.
Thank you!
@WSJ Thank you
@WSJ then vote no to trump nominees or this gets much worse....do not be coward!
thank you for your stand against #muslimban, as an ex Newark worker, I especially appreciate it.
#StopPresidentBannon
Speak for yourself Mr. Booker your hypocritical ignorant self centered viewpoint does not represent me or America
@WSJ We need more than just words...show some leadership and guidance!
our nation sucks for Americans. wake up!#CEUROPE
Cory, thank you for your work in fighting this moral cancer.
sir, you are so confused.
@WSJ Not a Trump supporter here, but is refining the policy over 4mos a bad idea. End result is a bigger concern.
@SenBookerOffice @WSJ Thank you, Cory Booker, for your moral courage!
what values are you talking about. You praise Sen Sessions one day &,because you get publicity you ridicule him the next. Phoney
When Obama did it in 2011, were you as upset? You weren't?  That's because your a lefty partisan hack.
Thank you, Senator Booker, for opposing this! Glad I voted for you!
@WSJ no it doesnt... did you say same thing about obama ---> http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/01/hypocrisy-obama-banned-iraqi-refugees-6-months-2011-liberals-said-nothing/ …
what values are you talking about. You praise Sen. SESSIONS
Thank you.
Corey the only thing your fighting for is kickbacks from the Pharma companies.
Thank you! Please withhold consent. 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2017/01/27/democrats-in-congress-can-block-trumps-agenda-if-they-want-to-heres-how/ …
@WSJ   The man is a boob!
you fight anything that is good for us. Who cares what you say?
How much money did you take from the Pharma companies, $380,000 rumor has it.
yes we should fight this. Welcome to the new Jim Crow
Big words of a small guy. If it is a clear violation, the court would straight prove it? At the moment it doesnt look like.
@WSJ pls fight this.  Trump must think he is a king!! Ann Brookens of CO
Except for you, most Dems are silent.....why??????....like your style
America stands with Trump
How will you fight it? I want to stand with you on this.
Thanks for standing up, Senator. We stand with you. #resist #MuslimBan.
ACTION PLAN: WHAT, WHEN, WHERE, WHO? I WANT TO PARTICIPATE
How is protecting US Citizens, Anti American??? I`ll wait. Please Enlighten us, Good Sir?
I am appalled that @realDonaldTrump has usurped the authority of the US Govt.
thank you sir
Thank you.
Please halt all votes or actions until Steven Bannon is removed from power. He is the single largest threat in this nation.
@WSJ organize a day of outrage no school no work let's protest this EO shit down every city with peaceful silent sit ins
@WSJ you can not vote for any of his picks.  Nikki Haley just threatened our allies.  Each one is worse than the other; now this
@WSJ Since we, in 2017, find ourselves protesting injustices once thought obsolete in the US, is a #MarchForRefugees next?
Your highest paying campaign contributors must be against this horrific order then, since you only work in their best interests.
Glad you came to your senses.  Let's fight this by lowering prescription drug prices..... oh wait.......... (?)
Can you imagine how peaceful Hillary's first week in office would have been vs the insanity we have now?
@WSJ are there any other #legislators openly opposing this or are they all #eunuchs?Protect against all enemies,foreign&DOMESTIC
when and how can you start the impeachment process.  If this is week one, I as your constituent is scared and disgusted
Don't speak for me SOCIALIST CREEP!!!!!!
My anger is for Trump and the GOP, not the people who can help us out of this nightmare.
@WSJ Really?  Let me ask you why? Why do you not support American security? Why do you not put America first? #MAGA
Trump didn’t include one country where the terrorists actually came from. This would not have stopped 911
Very True. This list of countries came from Obama.
Funny, Obama is no longer the president nor did he sign the EO. All Trump!
Thanks @CoryBooker @WSJ This Ohioan wants @robportman & @SenSherrodBrown to join you in bipartisan #nomuslimban #leadership #justice
How does impeachment start??
@WSJ will bannon be final straw?!
Thank you for speaking out!
How will you fight this? We all want to know. #MuslimBan
Who is behind the scenes pushing such agendas. Not to say he isn't responsible for this but let's look at the whole pic
can leave the moral aspect out of it. Both Christianity and Islam preach make sure all is well with yourself before helping
please keep fighting the good fight for us! We must overcome this evil man. God bless you
The time to fight is BEFORE trump does this kind of shit. The repercussions to Americans traveling abroad will be disturbing.
@WSJ / How is this legal ???
@WSJ ITS INSANITY CORY!!!
@SenBookerOffice @WSJ please!! This is WRONG!!
HELL Yes we do
@WSJ @TamerELG It has never happened that green card holders are subjected to harassment at airports. This is just wrong.
Thank you for standing up for our nation.  Fight hard!  You are not alone.
This is just one of many things we will need to fight. Meanwhile, Trump declares Day of Patriotic Devotion to himself. Dictator.
THANK YOU! 
@WSJ Watch 911 booker no one is falling for it anymore extreme venting get over itThe forgotten man
You and every other Dem senator must vote against every one of his nominees. @FatGirlvsWorld
@contenteddriver He alsk just made us less after blowing up the NSC. #25th Amendment
Loser
How, by voting for his nominees?
@POTUS @KellyannePolls @CoryBooker @WSJ OBAMA used same section of 1952 Act 6 times to exclude aliens. Selective memory?
@WSJ Please do everything in your power to oust Bannon. He is a clear & present danger to everything we stand for. Thank you.
we need to you get get mad! No more nice Cory!
@WSJ all talk... no action.
Thank you Senator!
@WSJ thank you sir, we need someone to fight this. @realDonaldTrump must go!! What a failed presidency in just 7 days!
.@CoryBooker Don't let this distract you & fellow Sens from the terrifying move of putting Bannon on NSC, ditching DNI & Joint Chiefs chair
#gotyourback
Then quit fucking tweeting and go join the protests at the airport.
Thank you so much for your hard work Senator Booker!
