Who else is touched by how much Lindsay Graham suddenly cares about Alaska?

http://politi.co/2xlh4a4 
The Graham-Cassidy bribe is this: vote to repeal the ACA from the other 49 states.

It's a damn insult.

2/
The good news is this was 100% predictable and anticipated.

Congress needs to hear from you that this is entirely unacceptable. 3/
It’s Alaska and Hawaii, apparently
So the GOP is "pimping" out their disdainful Graham-Cassidy bill?   AK & HI get 'special' deals if they vote for this con job?!  CU in 2018!
Ahem, just so you know, our senators in HI are Dems. Bribes won't work, and they won't vote yes on this abomination, not in a million years.
Be careful with "not in a million years." Sure it seems crazy but Senators LOVE BRIBES. Alaska- VECO- Stevens-Kohring-Cowdery, plus ABSCAM!
My senators are totally opposed to Trumpcare. Sens. Schatz and Hirono won't cave on this and won't be bribed into voting for it.
They would never
Saying the offer is there and actually deliver on it I s two different things.
If ACA is good for Alaska, is also good for all the other states.
They have something special going to Maine too...
@CoryBooker @lisamurkowski deplorable!
A stupid question considering who we're dealing with: How could that be legal?
I hope she proves she can't b http://bought.Vote  no on tRumpcare,
But if this bill is supposed to be about a better health care system, why wouldn't they want Alaskans to benefit from it as well? 
Doesn't this prove it's all a crock of shyte?
If that's what they think will sweeten the deal for Murkowski then why can't they just exempt all 50 states from repeal?
Think about this. The bill is so shit, they have to bribe states by promising them they WONT have to adhere to it. THATS how bad it is.
So Alaska gets to keep Obamacare while everybody else gets screwed over?  Why not let States keep the ACA if they want it?
But this is what happens if she votes "no" so the question is whether she will love the GOP party enough to vote yes for nothing.
They only care about her vote; they don't care at all about Alaskans.
Perhaps, but let's not 4get the @SCOTUS we now have is a TOOL of the Rich, like Congress itself!
I will personally go to my ACLU and file a case if they give Alaska anything that no other state can have.  I'm retired, I have all the time
baby squat vs what D's pulled off to ram thru ACA w/their bribes &filthy parliamentary tricks! still, they had to pile on LIES to squeak by
Is this even legal/constitutional? It certainly shouldn't be. It's despicable!
.@SenJohnMcCain How does this bribe fit into regular order? I hope the discussion you had w/Ms Murk was pointing out how corrupt this is.
Oh No, you're not gonna Confuse them with the #FACTS, are you?
That can't afford to deal with confusion!
Criminal Cons.  Their behavior surprises?  Shouldn't.  That's their playbook. Deplorables.
Right wingers,why do you think ur st will actually do HC better for you when they didn't even accept Medicaid expansion to help you?
Apparently he cares more about Alaska than his constituency in South Carolina!
Say what????
they threw in Hawaii also, because it’s out yonder too I suppose.
No morals, no compunction, no empathy.  GOP stands for nothing now.
So graham-Cassidy wants Alaska to continue with Obamacare?
@lisamurkowski please don't sell your soul so that the rest of the county pays the price. Vote "No"
Wouldn't such exemptions violate the equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment? @KamalaHarris @EricHolder
Can the other 49 get that deal?
Specifically blue states, since we will be losing billions of $$$ to deadbeat red states under this plan..
That's the point of the whole bill.
That's because those dead beat red states that continue to vote Red can't afford to insure their Ppl so the Blue states must subsidize them
Funny that if she votes no she gets to keep obamcare lol not seeing much incentive here Read comments that she can't be bought, good for her
Everytime I see that phony con man Graham, I get nauseated.
Please, @lisamurkowski, remember what you said in June:
Reminder of what Murkowski said in June. 
She will put it through if her career is given a boost of some kind which includes money. Her soul for their cause. Few remain w/fortitude.
And all the other blue states are jealous. Can we call them green states now?
Our country is sick.
@lisamurkowski YOU ARE BETTER THAN THIS!You've done it once-2nd time is easier! Save us! #KillTheBill
So they get to keep Obamacare if they vote yes on GC and screw everybody else?
Sick
I hope she realizes how wrong this is
How detestable!!
Hey, I know. Why doesn't GOP make that offer to ALL the states? That way they get a win & we get to keep #ACA.
Voting against Graham-Cassidy also exempts Alaska from repeal.
GOP Evil doing.
GOP= #GreedOnlyParty
Shades of the Nelson Cornhusker kickback.  The Landrieu Louisiana Purchase.
My impression that's a empty offer. If all other states are screwed, there is no pool of insured to work from AK is still in the tank. True?
@SenToddYoung YES on #GrahamCassidyBill gonna cost Indiana $2B 
But @SenateGOP plans to pay Alaska $Bs for yes? Way to screw us Todd #Loser
Stay strong and don't accept bribes @lisamurkowski
@lisamurkowski Please do not accept this bribe. We need you to care about all of us. @BillCassidy should be ashamed. #DoNoHarm
Great! Anyone else want this exempt?  SHOUT it out and get in line!
Exempts from GC available to states who care for their constits!!!
If Alaska is exempt, their vote should be too!!
@lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @SenCapito @robportman #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
How much crimes will the GOP commit to make you get them out of the Capitol HILL????   Time to hold your federal taxes until they're out!
If she takes it, if @SenJohnMcCain or any if any do, it's the end of the United States.
Just when I thought I couldn't be more disgusted by Rs in Congress, this story breaks.
this is going to end up with blue states losing obamacare, red states keeping it and getting the blue state money, isn't it?
Please don't sell out the rest of USA. I AK should be protected shouldn't all states be protected? Please don't sell out the USA
.@gop should offer the @lisamurkowski deal to all who vote for #grahamcassidy : vote ocare repeal and so u can keep ocare!
This is so wrong.
Sounds like an admission against interest by GOP.
A nation turns its lonely eyes to you Senator. We trust you to do the right thing on #GrahamCassidy
Put in perspective,  @lisamurkowski is superior negotiator to other @SenateGOP including NC's @SenThomTillis @SenatorBurr #NoGrahamCassidy
My Republican governor (AZ - Doug Ducey) is "okay" with losing $11-16B  He doesn't even need any incentive to screw his constituents. #Evil
But her Governor does not want this bill passed, and neither do most Americans. Why is this a thing?  VOTE NO.  #VoteNo
Whats hilarious is the bribe to get her to vote for this shitty bill is to exempt her state from this shirty bill.
Shows they know exactly how terrible it is, despite their endless lies to the public
@lisamurkowski #SaveACA 
Those cheers will become jears at the airport if you vote for BRIBERY!
Lisa has been supportive of ACA. I don't think Lisa will throw the entire country under the bus. Plus, CAN YOU REALLY TRUST THE SENATE. LOL
@lisamurkowski DON'T DO IT. Would be a horrible betrayal of everything you say you stand for. #GrahamCassidyDeathBill #GrahamCassidySucks
Is it possible that they're trying to pass a bill that will be harmful to the blue states ?
That's probably part of it since blue states will get less. But most of it is about greed and their  Almighty God, Money.
How about exempting the rest of us from Graham-Cassidy repeal as well
Can't seem to wrap my head around the constitutional fairness of this? all things must be done equally..it is called LIBERTY!!
Republicans have reached a point where they are so blatant about corruption and worse, now bragging about that too.
Murkowski doesnt want blood on her hands, bribe ir no bribe
Don't understand, why, @lisamurkowski, vote YES so Alaska will keep ACA when she can vote NO so Alaska can keep ACA
Alaska Exceptionalism
Called my Dem congressman yesterday!  Calling again today!!
Surely Lisa Murkowski is not going to vote for every other state but her own to get screwed with #GrahamCassidy, right Senator?!
I guess we're going to find out what she's made of real soon.
Wait a minute. I thought that Senator Graham was opposed to special provisions for single states. So much for principal.
What else is being given to ensure votes
@lisamurkowski stand strong. Millions of US citizens apparently respect you more than some of your fellow senators. #NoBribeMurkowski
@politico I hope Lisa does the right thing and votes no on this hideous, deathly bill.
Is this legal!
Wow 
So @lisamurkowski And #Alaska will benefit for than my state?
She better turn it down.
How is that even possible? If they dismantle the entire thing, how does that benefit AK?
How is that even legal? If it is, it shouldn't be!
Lisa Murkowski is a helper of killing babys
The reason Lisa voted against Obamacare repeal the last time was that Planned Parent Hood paid her and Susan Collins under the table
If she accepts this BRIBE, she might not even make her constituents happy. I know they should be her main concern but not her only concern 1
She should care about ALL life & health not just Alaskan. Many of her people have family in other states. What bribe will she take next? 2
Blackmail, oooo, juicy, thnks dollface
Great! Now all we need is an exemption for 49 other states and we can support it.
Amazing how hate can drive people into pushing a deal that will hurt other people without even a 2nd thought.
@lisamurkowski AMERICA is looking at you to do the right thing!!  @LindsayGrahamSC ....Stop being a dotard...only @POTUS can pull that off
This bill is not about our healthcare. It's abt the GOP trying to save their dying party. Like they're saying to us, I say let it die.
She should report the attempted bribe to the @FBI !!! 

URGENT: You wanted proper legislative procedure on the skinny repeal, demand it again
@SenJohnMcCain, vote no! 
So the bribe is vote for this shitty bill & your state will be exempt from it? How many lawsuits from other states would THAT generate?!
Now we find out if Murkowski is worth her weight.
Think about this.  Those 2 believe that @lisamurkowski could be bribed 2 benefit her state while others lose healthcare.  G-C are deplorable
Sen Murkowski, the time is now to stand for BOTH Alaska and the rest of our Nation. Please be the stateswoman/legislator we know you are
@marcorubio @SenBillNelson If @lisamurkowski gets a bribe/keep #ACA, #Florida should too! #GrahamCassidy is #deathcare  #VoteNo #SaveACA
@SenateGOP Anything for Kochs-screw American people le & 1/6 US economy. Koch bribery. ACA is reward-so this IS Tax cut bill @lisamurkowski
Deeply touched. He should come visit, do some hiking. The bears are fattening up for hibernation.
I'm feeling "touched" I think I may need counseling and antibiotics in the morning.
What's crazy is...the bribe doesn't offer @lisamurkowski anything that she couldn't get just as easily by voting No.
If more people knew about bill, would be horrified. Clever of them to unveil this horror at the last minute. We will remember. #votethemout
So do we know if ANY #gop are really going to vote against it? Vote is coming up fast...
They've been smart. Waiting until there is little time for #GOP -only bill then saying It's The Last Chance in ominous voices
@lisamurkowski said it would depend on the numbers. Guess this gives her the numbers in her state? But what about in 2027?
Basically, they are asking @lisamurkowski to be a kind of Judas, betraying all other 49 states with a kiss paid for with a poisoned promise.
Hope @lisamurkowski stands strong and votes the right way.   Show us  women don't take bribes
So basically she would keep Obamacare all for herself while stripping other Americans all over the country of insurance? Oh ya, real patriot
I'm not able to get out a coherent inoffensive statement of what GOP is & is doing.
I don't get it. vote yes exempt alaska, vote no exempt all states. Why vote yes for a bill you don't want?
I use to think this the United States of America. Didn't know it was F you all as long as I got mine.
Reminder: ACA was piloted as Romneycare in MA. Designed by conservative health policy establishment. Don't repeal!
The word, "extortion" also leaps to mind.
Murkowski, if you vote for this, you have absolutely no integrity.
I do hope the Senator stays true to her country. Vote no please
This is the reason GOP senators are unAmerican. Why do they believe Americans should be treated differently from one another?
Why not do that for all 50 states? Seriously!
So, it's a "favor" to let Alaska exempt itself. Tell me again why it's good for the other 49 states?
Alaskans will remember what ever @lisamurkowski does! We won't let them forget.
Ask Charles KOCH 
@tribelaw Republican 'logic': The Murkowski bribe didn't work, so you can't hold that against us.
So this Bill is so bad they have to offer to exempt their own senators' states to get a Yes vote? Incredible!
Who thinks its ironic the #GOP is telling #Alaska 
"If you like your Obamacare (doctors) you can keep it (them)?
#GrahamCassidy #Trumpcare
Disgusting
Let's just call @lisamurkowski Crooked Lisa,  Susan Collins is obviously the only woman in the GOP with integrity. Shame on you Senator.
You were a hero last vote, please be a hero again
Bribery is illegal isn't it?
So theyre admitting OBAMA CARE is sussessful enough to offer as a golden bribe...huh who knew?
. @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan  @realDonaldTrump  @SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC
#indivisible sit in at Murkowski's DC office 9/25, starting 9 am. Please publicize and encourage people to go!!
Supreme hypocrisy
