@VozdeRaquel Here's hoping spineless name-only Democrats who take money from medical lobbies can stand tall enough against it.
Democrats aren't perfect, but if you haven't noticed, they are the ONLY ONES standing up for our healthcare. Come on, man.
I hope you're right. Sometimes they sure seem content to be a minority party.
It is unbelievable that they are so irresponsible. Trump wants to stay away so he can call it someone else's but he owns it!
Obama owns the mess including the millions that have been uninsured for years.
The only thing dead is ACA
watch 4 CHIPs insurance (tied to Medicaid) #FactFreeGOP talking point today. Watchwords: 'able bodied' 'CHIPs' Premium Reduced'
And then what is the Democrat's plan for the fact that Obamacare is absolutely collapsing?
Ask the president to stop sabotaging #ACA & do his job.

Thank you for all you've done with this Cory! I am one of your constituents.
Thx @CoryBooker! When will @SenateGOP hold healthcare townhalls or public hearings? Do we ever get a say? #voteNo
The vote on the Senate GOP craven healthcare plan is delayed but the bill isn't dead. The threat remains. We must fight until it is dead.
Can you Tweet out a link to any documents that that DEMs have proposed for the improvements to Health Care.
We will be fighting against the Socialist, One World Order pukes in the UN & Democrat Party!
Not healthcare it's #wealthcare -OBTW super speech on capitol lawn!
Please encourage all Dems to support a #SinglePayer Healthcare bill to cover every American! #HealthCareForAll #HealthcareNotWealthcare
russian hacking, voter suppression, gerrymandering...
the GOP will cheat to win
we don't have a lot of time
Thank you so much for being there for all of us who can't.
What about the millions who haven't had insurance for years because of Obamacare...but pay fines and taxes and pay for other's insurance?
@VozdeRaquel http://www.snopes.com/cory-booker-jared-kushner/ …
Thank u Senator. Keep up the fight. #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA
I have a suggestion  since your so concerned about healthcare why don't you enroll in Obamacare
So you'd rather wait until #Obamacare completely collapses? GOP are throwing Dems a lifeline here
Stop lying, the bill takes away PEC protections at all income levels, & allows insurers to exclude expensive conditions. It's good 4 no one
I couldn't afford my meds on Obamacare because it was $400 a month. I couldn't go to dr because I had no money left after paying premiums.
Which state are you in? Did you buy your insurance thru the Marketplace? What sort of plan?
Obamacare is a fraud
Like you fought to allow Americans to buy cheaper medication?

Please run for President 
Cory fight for us to have some of that politician healthcare... we want want you folks have... sounds progressive to us
OR @CoryBooker another option is to actually reach across the aisle and find common ground. To all you #SWAMPCREATURES LEARN HOW TO TALK !
#corybooker Still shaking my head
this is the moment to fix the National Health Care issue you should inspire all senators to work to make it the best bill ever .
The only real killer is if you  crazy democrats  take power and get universal single payer and put every one  of us in a rationed system.

That's right! I'm straddling btw two states #nj & #va for #vets with #mentalillness.
Have to love and respect a real man that cherishes his constituents. Do not have to be the top dog, just a fighting dog. Proud of you sir!
Good point - no, GREAT POINT. Keep reminding us to make noise. People's lives are busy, we all need encouragement to keep fighting.
My daughter in N Jersey just lost her job due to corporate downsizing and is losing her healthcare benefits. She is 10 weeks pregnant.
Why don't you work to make it better instead of obstructing and complaining? Just a thought. Signed, your constituent. #DoYourJobPlease
This is exactly his job, sir.  His job is NOT to facilitate bad law.
Keep up the good work. I'm proud of everything you do for us.
Just moved to NJ from NY and so glad to have you as a senator! So proud to b from the state w @SenGillibrand & @SenSchumer to represent!
Ya just like you Dems shot Abe Lincoln.and GOP ball players fire bombed GOP HQ payed thugs to start fights .stopped free speech at Berkeley
Thank you @CoryBooker!
Sorry Cory, the GOP will determine what bill passes. Thank God not you are your colleagues will change that.
My insurance premiums are up 40% and I know you wrrr trying to keep the premiums low so Hillary could get elected. Now what plan Einstein?
And then?
You must get word out ACHA effects employer provided health insurance. Effects 150 million. Less coverage, higher deductibles & copayments.
If you ever decide to run for president, you have my vote! Thank you for standing up and representing all of us!!!
Yep the Bill Is Not Dead , We Must Fight To Keep The Bill Alive. To Change n Repeal Obama Care!!
Really, I don't like being penalized on my taxes for my freedom of choice to to join Obamacare!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I love you senator but you need to find a new adjective. You've worn out "craven" on this current batch of @GOP.
Why don't you do your job and help instead of being part of a problem- you know Obamacare is crashing
Please keep fighting for us Mr Senator
I'm in a mood right now. We just need to yell as loud as we possibly can, in their freaking faces if necessary.
I lost coverage under Obamacare so I'm taking a wait and see approach
How would you construct the healthcare plan?
Only thing dead is #Obamacare
Don't fight it, join the movement!  Help make it better, or you are going to be on the outside looking in, and just wishing!
Maybe #Democratic #Senators can propose a plan to fix #ObamaCare -- #leadership at its best -- go for it, push #Trump for great #healthcare
Thank you for your hard work!! Your dedication to the American people is truly inspiring and we will keep fighting!
But @realDonaldTrump will just keep sabotaging the ACA! How do we get around that? Someone throw him in a prison in s america
Pleas keep fighting. I call your office every day.
Booker are you fighting for the American people.no being an obstructionist
AND WE MUST CUT BIG PHARMA COSTS AS WELL SEN BOOKER
WE EXPECT YOU who prevented it TO BE OUT SPOKEN@ THIS TOO
Obamacare is failing and you want to kill a replacement.Irresponsible.I'm ashamed that you represent my state,NJ.
Perhaps you should hold a funeral service for it on the capitol steps if and when it dies!
Why aren't you working with them to develop a plan together that we ALL can benefit & not be harmed by? Why are u "fighting"? Stupid!
The more you fight the harder we fight.... Fret not we'll fix the screw up the Dems left.
Now is the time to start publicizing steps that would make healthcare better for EVERYONE! Drug costs, cost savings, efficiency, interstate
Keep fighting for us - we'll do our part!
Says the guy who accepts large sums of campaign $ from big Pharma.
why fight Cory? why not sit down all together in a room & work out the problems together, no parties just Americans working for Americans
keep Obamacare! !!
I pray that someday we will shift the fight to providing effective and affordable healthcare for every citizen of the United States.
Congress could always make sure Americans also had the same benefits that they do, oh wait....that'd be fair.
It isn't enough to oppose the R's plan.  We need the Dems to lead out with ideas for improving the ACA.
and I guess you voted no for it you know what New Jersey is sick your shit it's time you work for the people
Kill The Robber Baron Relief Act!
Fight and fight hard
Yes, & we'll have to track them down when they come home for the recess-We will need to be very clear about Trumpcare & supply improvements
Cory, do we have a dem plan with ACA revisions ready to go? Can this be CBO scored? We need to strike while the irons hot. Thx 4 all u do
you know you could stop the fighting and bullshit and try your best to help new I dear
Thank you for leading during our long national nightmare. You're someone I wouldn't mind hearing from a lot more. 
I get fighting. I'm with u, but when do we fix what we have? If we have insurance & still can't afford skyrocketing costs, what good it it?
How to contact every Senator to voice your thoughts on health care bill
Love seeing you and Rep John Lewis together today! What a historical moment!
I'll keep fighting hard to protect my disabled child's life and others like her! Pls share to help educate others of the imp of Medicaid
I wish your view was "we must work with them to make it better"
You are my Senator! I don't have to call you- you know the right thing to do! Hope that republican fiasco dies a horrible death!
Keep fighting, Cory!
Fight for single payer!
Don't worry!  Many, many of us are geared up to fight this obscene bill as long as necessary.
@DarrellIssa Medi Cal saved my son's life when he was in intensive care with bp over 260/130!! Full time work w/ no benefits. Ca49 voter.
I think Dem Senators should attempt in mass to attend Today's GOP meeting with President. Make it happen
Your and other Dems time is better spent trying to devise a GOP-face-saving fix for ObamaCare - pyrrhic victory if it collapses.
We should drive a stake through this vampire bill.
Failing that, someone find McConnell's conscience.
Cory, have you read this article? What do you think about this idea?
Do you want real health reform? Share this proposal with Congress. #hcr No to #BCRA https://www.forbes.com/sites/carolynmcclanahan/2017/03/27/rising-from-the-ashes-a-novel-bipartisan-approach-to-health-care-reform/#3673dc552ab4 … @SenGillibrand @SenatorCollins
Please do!!!
Having Medicaid saved my son's life when he was in intensive care with extremely high blood pressure. Full time worker with no benefits
You mean dead like ACA???
Your still tweeting... geezzzee...
Thank you @CoryBooker for all you did last night. Please keep fighting for us. I cannot thank you enough!!
Run for president in 2020
Mr.Booker, you need a trip to Cuba to see what more Government can do for your constituency.
Instead of sitting on Whitehouse steps why not get involved in making it better? Saying its bad & doing nothing makes u part of the problem
@SenBookerOffice please organize national healthcare rally day over recess, like u did in January! Need massive rallies with media coverage!
Thank you Mr Booker!
I offer my wooden stake in the form of calling Senators to oppose.
Because of the above statement, you will never get my vote ever.  You will be voted out you only care about obstructing.
Single payer
When you say it's dead do you mean obamacare?? The fraud just like you
Please tell us what we can do  to help you and those who are fighting against TRumpCare? We call, we Tweet, We write!! What else?
5pm in DC - Human Chain must go on in full force!! We are being tricked by McConell - let us not be fooled. We must keep fighting!!! RT
We have to
Good that way obamacare collapse and no one has insurance and to use the Democratic line 100 of millions die smfh
If under #ACA, 30 mil lose insurance by 2026 - AND people will die!!! Then passing #ACA was an act of genocide.  #CBO. #LIBERALLOGIC
Stay strong and vote Hell No
I'm ready to fight.
Keep fighting don't help! Obstructionist is the middle name of the dying democrat party. RIP!
Cory, have always been a fan of yours, even more so now! Pls keep fighting for the children, seniors, disabled, pre existing cases! Thank U!
Please craft an alternative bill! Congress needs something worth voting for
Hopefully they will now work w/Dems to repair the ACA. Stop calling it Obamacare & address it like any working bill that needs an update.
What makes you so stupid? We need to get rid of obama care not obstruct our gov. You have no real agenda!
So proud of the work you've been doing and the time you've put in. Thank you.
And leave Obamacare in place as is? Great plan Cory. SMH
Useless #ACA Obamacare is dead. If it no longer provides for anyone, 50 mil w/o healthcare under #BCRA is a gift.
You seem to have misspelled "wealthcare."  Sorry to bother you.
Thank you for your courage! So  proud to have you represent us!
Thanks for reminding voters of our responsibility to hit the s & the streets if we want to stop this bill. Don't sit on the sidelines rn!
Screw you Cory
How about the entire Senate works together to fix the bill? The "all or nothing" attitude doesn't help to make positive changes.
Similar to what happened with the House bill. Game playing.
Thank you for all you do!!
It's cute that McConnell can push off vote to buy more time to persuade those against MTP. CBO report predicts devastation. Trash the bill!
Keep fighting, Senator, I am behind you 100%.
Indivisibles and Planned Parenthood picketing little Marcos office all week
Good! Our govt. can do better by it's citizens. Keep trying.
"Threat"? This kinda language is what's wrong with D.C. Your saying to your base that your colleagues are a threat. So wrong.
Keep the pressure on Senator Booker. We are counting on you and the other brave people of this congress to do the right thing.
Thank you for fighting hard against it! Husband & I, independent workers, rely on Obamacare. What can we do, since both NJ senators fight?
Resist, Fight , WIN!!!!!!
We need to keep up the heat Senator. Its working.....
"Crooked senate GOP afraid to pass the best healthcare bill the universe has ever seen. Sad!" -trump in a few hours
Even if the Republicans give up pretending to try to make it worse, we will still be left with the worst health care system in the world.
Fight to end or it will kill us
Thank you for your efforts to help the American people in this time of greed and lies by the GOP.

#Resist 
#StopTrumpCare #SavetheACA #GOP
Senator Booker, I'm an Okie & I'm giving Inhoffe & Lankford fits! Trying hard here in red Oklahoma! Thank you for fighting for me!
Are you guys advocating for single payer? It's okay to be against this bill, but I would prefer to have something to be "for"!
THANK YOU for your leadership!
Can we not try to work as a team. I know it seems impossible but our nation healthcare is at risk and needs help
McConnell has now given constituents July 4 Recess to amp up RESISTANCE. GOP must be confronted re: their Death Bill EVERYWHERE they go.
Present solutions! Take back healthcare from republicans! Be LEADERS, not complainers.
R you against taxpayers saving money or for obstruction for the sake of obstruction?  Healthcare is not a right.  X statelines, Tort Reform
What do you expect from the Democrats idiots
We will keep calling!  Go USA!
Thanks for your hard fought efforts!  Keep the fight going; there are more behind you than you know.
Hey Cory, wonder how many Canadians died this month due to bad prescription drugs? U voted against importing them cause of risk, right?
Really dude? That's your response? Bot talk.
VOTE NO. @SenateGOP .. @HouseGOP ..
Thank you. Keep fighting, Senator. Stay strong.
You're showing some real passion & star power these past few weeks, Sir. Thank you.
McConnell has scheduled a meeting with Satan on Sunday to get the bill back on the right path.
Keep fighting Corey, you know a street fight when you see it. We cannot be cowed by the GOP BULLYS! GOP=GREED OVER PEOPLE!

Just like we have to fight the senator that takes big money from big pharma who would never reform health care, YOU!
As a member of your constituency, your ardent patriotism is appreciated. Please continue to fight and oppose this murderous legislation.
I'm hoping REPS well get a healthy EARFUL when they head HOME on break.
Amen
DEMOCRATS HATE THE MIDDLE CLASS AND POOR, AMERICA.....LOVE THE FILTHY RICH GLOBALSIT COMMIES
Run for president 2020.
Do you think they're counting on a news cycle to allow them another ambush?  Don't they understand how smart we are?
#wealthcare @jonlovett @jonfavs @TVietor08
Thanks for all you do!!
And thanks to you and others, the fight remains strong!!!
