This disturbs me to the core...
How the f--k was Booker supposed to predict the future and know they would become Republicans and Trump would win?
Well ....he is dragging his feet regarding kushner and voting with Republicans on a big pharma deal.  Hoping a good explanation will rise up
Booker can't revoke Kushner's access. Keep attacking democrats. Stupid. I'm sure the GOP loves it. No one is f-ing perfect. Not even you.
I don't give a f**k what the GOP or you think.  Unlike the GOP I hold my party accountable, I don't make excuses.  The truth will come out
I hope that you are also disturbed by Jared Kushner's actions. Please take a stand against them & support suspension of security clearance.
I'm disappointed you didn't support revoking his security clearance. Makes me wonder why?
http://www.politico.com/story/2013/07/ivanka-trump-fundraiser-cory-booker-094288 …

This is why.
Knew it, and then after yesterday's interview I knew he was Kompromised!
Sickening! 
Just disheartening cuz we fell for his good guy routine bullshit
I promised @icterid that I'd keep an open mind, and not immediately bash him. I've called, DM'd, tweeted, emailed him about it. Do it w/ me.
I did this 2 days ago and it got under his skin so badly he said "u don't know me" so that's enough 4 me to wonder about other Dems too

Here's a good reason. ..
Who are those two people on the left?
Second from the left is "faux democrat" Cory Booker.  Not sure who the other is
Thanks, I heard of him
Democratic NJ senator
But you take trump money for your campaign and don't seem concerned about covert methods of comm in WH!
Thank you Senator. Keep up the great work, speaking out, and pushing back. We need more leaders like you. Makes me almost want to move to NJ
I have an idea, move out of the USA
Planes leave everyday.
Amen !! It scares the shit out me and should scare the damn asses in the repub party !
Really r u calling me an ass? Strange
Could not agree with you more
Trump's fundraiser for you in 2013 is why you are defending Kushner. No other sane reason.  I really liked you but cant support you now.
Trump and Duterte couldn't give a fat juicy fart what you think
Booker has become a sell out to private interest groups and campaign donors. Sad. Sad. Sad. I will NEVER vote or support him.
We are fucked
I supported you when you criticized Obama and voted against Klobuchar Amend, but your defense of Jared Kushner is unfathomable. I'm done.
That's why you support Kushner and took money from him? Give me a break. You're a total sell out.

Booker used a Sunday CNN appearance to push back against the Democratic Party's calls for Kushner's security clearance to be revoked https://twitter.com/davidsirota/status/869245845757206529 …
You know why Cory pushed back dont you? He was pd off by Kushner 
Yes Booker is on the take. A corporate tool. He voted against Bernie's bill to lower drug prices for $ from big pharma
Who makes the same said drugs  ? Who bring these same said drugs in everyone's' countries. and the Rich get richer....
How much more damage does he have to do before impeachment is in order.  He is ruining our country!
We need patriots to lead the resistance and it's clear now that you are not on board for America. Hope Trump's fundraiser was worth it.
Yes Kushner should lose security clearance NOW HES A TREASONIUS TRAITOR.
This disturbes me to my core, as well 
Stand up and be loud/proud on what a threat this loser is too the country. Get him out
And you're defending Jared Kushner.... because you have financial ties.  SELL OUT. You are no better than the rest of DC. You've lost me.
Does it disturb you enough to not take any more money from Kushner?
Good for you, But you must also honor & respect American sovereignty by revoking Kushner's security clearance. America is not Russia's toy.
How's that war on prescription drug prices going? Oh that's right, you killed the bill
Cory. I don't think he even knows who Duterte is. He makes comments without knowing what he's talking about,it's so scary and embarrassing.
They talked personally. Trump knows who Duterte is. Why make excuses for him ?
Not making excuses. Pointing out his ignorance.
Hilarious. Delusional left wingers talking about ignorance.
Trump disturbs me to the core.
Then move somewhere you are not disturbed unless of course it's a mental thing in which case you could just shut up and get over it!
Last time I checked as a citizen of the US I enjoy freedom of speech and will continue to do so.
Why the hell did your campaign take money from Kushner?
Everyone knows you fancy yourself as the next Obama. But once all the dirt about Obama comes out you will run for the hills.
He actually COULD have a chance if he'd take a more middle of the road approach. He's getting poor advice from his far left peers.
And from peers that keep losing because they're too far left. @CoryBooker you need to come back to the middle. That's what America needs.
What Cory needs to do is stop using.othrr people's quotes
 He is trying to look smart & educated but everyone can see through it.
Apparently, not enough. Because you're not calling for impeachment. Totally lost faith in you.
but Kushner continuing to have top secret security clearance is apparently ok with you?  We are watching you, stand up, speak up
Trumpy..jealous of Duterte's murdering of "suspected" drug users, Putin's murdering of opponents & jailing of reporters
Dick(tator) envy
Trump's dream is to be a strong-arm authoritarian leader. A dictator. Everything Trump's administration does is geared toward total control.
And you took big $$$$ from pharma AND Jarod/Ivanka.  WTH. So disappointed, had big hopes for you.
@diyahnih If Cory is a turncoat he needs to go. Come clean Cory!


IF YOU LIKE YOUR DOCTOR YOU CAN KEEP THEM! LIARS
Yet you still don't support impeachment?
Don't believe you anymore
We need you to support taking away Kushner's security clearance! Be a goddamned patriot!
Chump & Booker are pals!!
yet, you're not wanting to push impeachment?
And Cory still isn't on-board to impeach45. #resist
We really don't care what disturbs you. Fix your incompetent party. Get over your loss
And Kushner wanted to deceive out Intelligence agencies. But you are still on the fence with him
*our
But did it disturb you enough? Or were you just waiting for the checks?
And do you still think it would s too soon to consider impeachment? Trump has already done considerable harm to our country.
Hkkj
Cory, you drank the Koolaid, say it ain't so? You can't be his Black. His African American or his daughter's. Give it all back. All of it.
Then stop supporting a dynasty. We didn't hire Kushner, he should at very least have security revoked while under investigation.
And you're defending a traitor's security clearance. That disturbs me to my core.
glad to hear you say this, but why did you take Kushner money?

And you just defended Kushner. Which phama company paid you for that. #DemocratsAgainstBooker
Until the people that profit from the drug war bribe you to change your opinion. I have nothing nice to say to you Mr Booker. You disgust me
Such a hypocrite. Just heard how you took money from kushner. It's all for the money no matter what. You are done in our book.
But Jared's security clearance is of no concern! 
But not enough to think he isn't fit to be President.
Why don't you call for the Trump crime family impeachment?

@CoryBooker loyalty is clear

on Trump : “I’m not going to rush impeachment "
on Kushner: "Too early to revoke Kushner's security clearance"

I'm disturbed that you're not screaming at the top of your lungs abt jared.#resist
Who cares about what Americans think. Most Filipinos approve of Duterte.
Trump is gutter swill and belongs where swill belongs, in the gutter.
but it doesn't disturb u that Jared has clearance? I guess when we see how much money he gave you, we should give you a pass... NOT. Be true
If the government is soft on drugs, then those guilty just take advantage of the govt. our laws are a laughing stock to drug dealers.
And you're the only democrat that took hundreds of thousands from Trump Organisation #CoreyBookerWorksForTrump

But this has no effect on you?
Then why do you think we should wait to impeach him? Or take Kushner's security clearance away?
NO MATTER WHAT YOU SAY ABOUT TRUMP, HIS SUPPORTERS LOVE HIM EVEN MORE.  SO CUT THE CRAP BY SAYING HE'S NOT DOING WHAT HE PROMISED! HE IS!!!
booker is a crack head. he is also a dealer for maxine and her drug ring
lberals are the biggest threat to the USA
@SenBookerOffice drama queen. Please
Do us a favor u ultra partisan hack and go back to your shining city on a hill Newark NJ. Clean up that
Trash heap then maybe we will listen
...because your favorite communist if a Castro, right? When you are blatantly dishonest it always bites you in the heine. #Propagandist
And Kushner SHOULD have his clearance revoked regardless of fundraisers you've had. We are all really watching you on this one. #trumprussia
Not possible because Corey works for Kushner Companies, long time lobbyist on behalf of the Trump & Kushner families
Ivanka and Jared contributed to your campaign and that disturbs me to my core
Question-you selling out on us? Too early to revoke Kushner security clearance? Vote against Sanders bill for ppl to get Rxs from Canada WTH
Ivanka and Jared hosted two fundraisers for Cory Booker and they all maxed out to his campaign. THIS is disturbing.
Cory. You seem to be bought and paid for by the Trumps. Or Kushners. Disappointed but expected.
You are soo full of fear and hate mongering it is stupid...ohh btw you could not impech trump if you had cause, the house  does that !
What disturbs me to my core you once tried to untied people now you just divide  sad
You used to have some integrity. Now you're in bed with the Kushner's and big pharm, down playing all the BS. So done with you. Sad.
It disturbs me to my core that you don't think Jared should be immediately removed from the White House. He blatantly lied to the FBI
Jared Kushner is also disturbing no matter how much money he raised for you.
Facts don't care about your worries and opinions.
Many Veterans are the Enemy in Sessions http://D.E.A.th  War
http://endingcannabisprohibition.yuku.com/topic/1169 
PTSD & Alt Opiods
Philippines President Duterte Says His Soldiers Can Rape During Martial Law
Many Veterans are the Enemy in Sessions http://D.E.A.th  War
http://endingcannabisprohibition.yuku.com/topic/1169 
PTSD & Alt Opiods
http://endingcannabisprohibition.yuku.com/topic/1632 
Philippines President Duterte Says His Soldiers Can Rape During Martial Law
Hopefully, Trump's youngest son never ends up on drugs. If he does, Trump may end up eating his own words and the same goes for Duterte.


Does Cory Booker stand for investigation into #trumprussia including what role Jared Kushner may have played?
I know u want to run in 2020 but don't judge until u live there, I have family there & it's strong gov to crack down of drug dealers plague
"Disturbs" is not action. PROTECT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, @SenBookerOffice ! Do something!
.Congress is NOT protecting us. Jared Kuschner's clearances should be pulled IMMEDIATELY. Congress, to not do this makes YOU traitors too!
no he didn't....?
TY for this but how can you say it's too soon to revoke clearance when he has $ ties & DT Is obstructing justice & risking nat'l security?
Apparently not enough to move you off the dime, "No Rush Booker". Wth are you thinking (and/or avoiding).
You're tainted.  Every time I see you now I think of you standing next to them grinning, playing the sick game of DC poltics.
Yet you defend Jared's espionage because he and Ivanka maxed out donations to you???

You're selling out our country!!!!
Basically you're an idiot
I'm very disappointed. I do hope that your loyalty to Kushner over loyalty to country will cost you politically. Buh bye
You support J Kushner b/c he gave money to your campaign? Sorry but for me, it's loyalty to USA not loyalty to money.
Is it true that you support Jared Kushner having security clearance? He lied! I was once pro-Booker, no more, I'm done!
Duterte is a POS and it saddens me that so many Filipinos think he's doing a good job. I guess the sentiment is similar here in the US
WE WILL NOT ACCEPT THIS FROM YOU  #TheResistance
Yet you're supporting #PresidentPussyGrabber. You had such potential. Such a shame. 
Sen Booker: Trumps been getting away with every thing!
That's cause he would Like to implement that here
Your outrage seems false
You're in bed with Kushner and Ivanka. I'm beyond disappointed.
These types of statements by Trump make it far more likely sexual assault and rape are not going to be reported in America.This is dangerous
You disturb all new jersey residents who are disgusted you represent us
fall to russia and china.
democrat please help ph instead criticizing them because they have isis problem in mindanao and if trump abandoned philippines then it will
Oh please, you couldn't clean up Newark when you were mayor. Get a real job.
What disturbs me more are those that agree with it...
Senator Booker, what is your position now on revoking Kushner's security clearance?
Everything "disturbs" you, but you tend to be all talk, no action. You say the sames things over&over. Almost like you have a pull string.
I can't believe people even vote for people like you
You not calling for Kushner's security clearance to be suspended until we know whether or not he is compromised by Russia is also disturbing
You are a sellout.
Yes but your friend's treason and your biggest campaign donor does not seem to disturb you. TSK Ttsk.....
Yeah like your city was a mess when you were running it maybe if you started doing something
Mr. Booker. Help US. What can you do to stop him? @realDonaldTrump is out of control. He's arrogant, ignorant. Please do something.
Why aren't you disturbed by Jared Kushner's security clearance?
So stop delaying. 45 is an ongoing security risk and needs to be impeached NOW. #RICO He's also enriching himself & family- unconstitutional
It should concern all of us #ImpeachTrump
Well, it's not a humane method of eradicating drug dealers but it appears effective.
Sen Booker: Why is it Ok for Jared Kushner to keep sec clear?  Kushner is your donor but you need to stand up for Dems *and* America.
As it disturbs @housedemocrats we let him keep going and going and........
disturbed?Maybe even a lil about the horrid #DEATHCARE what about the SHAMEFULL #TAXPLAN which completes the BENEFITS only4 WEALTHY.
Hopefully, this is NOT the first thing that has disturbed you about DT. He's been on my "disturbs me" list for quite some time.
Yes, very disturbing. This guy didn't believe in human rights and the rule of law. Does the other guy not either?
It should move you to impeachment, shit or get off the pot
Me too Cory Booker, disturbing right to my core. #booker2020
#Booker2020
Trump disturbs me as well. #ImpeachTrumpPence
@CoryBooker is a phony. Bought and paid for by Kushner.
Me too!
Yes, we need to "get to the bottom of" #TrumpRussia, but on our way there, shouldn't Top Secret Security Clearances be suspended? 1/
Isn't "Suspension pending investigation" pro forma when an official lies on security clearance forms? 2/
What the heck!!!! Hey, duterte is not allowing killing on the streets! Everything is based on rule of law. Come on media! Get some facts!
Please, run in 2020- you & Elizabeth Warren would make a dynamic duo!!
Different solutions for different countries!
And you were stupid enough to support Clinton in primary even though everyone knew she would lose!!!
U not in Philippines,& Duterte do a good Job, Partially report by media ain't not good, do u heard that those media reports the good things?
A PHONE CALL FROM ANONYMOUS SOURCE: "Senator from New Jersey, is a Drug Addict and Alcoholic".
Also Duterte now says it's ok for his troops to commit rape under martial law as well as other war crimes. #TrumpsBuddy
Sir you need to walk across the mexican border and watch how the cartel deals with poor innocent people
It doesn't disturb or surprise me. Our president is acting like every bit of the 70 year old, entitled man from Queens that he is.
He's a billionaire Archie Bunker.
and what about how my brother died here in america? who cries for the mystery of his death? who cries for the unexplained LSD angels?
@bootsqueak IT "DISTURBS" ANYONE WITH A  AND "COMPASSION"! ENOUGH IS ENOUGH, ALREADY!
And I'm not surprised because this is what evil causes. Is it any less disturbing to put someone in a prison labor camp?
