And how much of that is the number of people who choose not to be insured.  Because they want to be uninsured.  Freedom folks.
Why would anyone want to be uninsured? If they have chest pains and can't afford the $17k emergency room bill, we should just let them die?
Before we had ACA, people were never turned away from an emergency room in the event of an emergency.  How young are you?!
ER does not treat cancer or chronic illness such as diabetes. Need dr. visits, not ER.
Correct.  And I think legislators are giving serious discussion to new solutions for cancers, diabetes, coverage/management.
For people without insurance??
What many folks aren't speaking about, which is somewhat less sympathetic, is that they don't want to loose out on passing an inheritance.
I agree. You shouldn't be able to protect an inheritance if you don't buy insurance. But I think you need to buy insurance
Is this a retweet or have I entered the Twilight Zone?
It's a retweet
DT signed an EO instead. We'll have to see if Congress passes it or not. I hate the way he shows an EO around after signing, so immature.
DEMOCRATS destroyed HealthCare for 200 Million Americans so 8 Million FreeLoaders & Illegals could have free insurance.
VOTE Democrats OUT
I'm good 
I researched his life years ago, despite what is reported, he's a good guy, sincerely loves America & wants to improve our economy. 
SCOTUS Gorsuch
Rebuilding Military
I work in the Energy Industry> regulatory reform, exploration, energy production
Jobs.
You can also text RESIST to 50409 & follow the directions in the reply to fax your message to your lawmakers on the healthcare bill 4 FREE!!
Call your senators
Numbers and email:
https://senate.gov/members 
This is the link I used for the list:
https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm …
So go buy car insurance after you've wrecked your car and let me know how that claim goes....
Not sure how an inanimate object like a car has a moral equivalence to a human being... Medicare is covering everyone over 65 already...!!
Making everyone else shoulder pre-existing so others can buy insurance as needed has destroyed the risk pool and sent prems thru the roof$$$
So we should just not cover them to save money...??
Send them to the more expensive ER where we sill pay just a lot more...??
Newsflash: THEY'RE STILL GOING TO THE ER.
Not sure what MA has now but they had CommonWealth Care and it had different tiers according to income ..Please No Single Payer .. 
They are leaving of their own choice.
They will not be fined if they don't buy insurance.
And the bill would have assured coverage. That was one of the first demands in creating the bill.
Pre-existing always pay higher, but they are covered. Many members of my family are on O-Care & those with pre-existing pay higher premiums
Could MOC voting4 GC be labeled"Healthcare Terrorists"?Create fear,panic,suffering,even death.Skips reg order,expert test/hearings4 ideology
So true. White, male, homegrown healthcare terrorists threatening 32 million Americans.
That's misleading.  The young and healthy won't be forced to purchase insurance.
Everyone should be interested in everyone else's well being. I want my tax dollars going to help others, not get ready for our next invasion
I want to keep my tax dollars and donate them where they'll do the most good without the govt.  bureaucracy keeping 75%.
TY Andy for all you do! We MUST protect ACA now! FACTS Matter!
You're responsible for my premiums quadrupling, my out of pocket and deductible tripling? Also, I can't go to my doctor anymore! Thanks Andy
Really? Under Bush we paid far higher premiums since getting insurance through the ACA. Maybe stop having kids if you can't afford it. FO
Do you hear this @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @DeanHeller
Just have them kill us now, less painfull than slow brutal death.
I thought of that same article when I saw 32 million!
Don't you know they view us as expendable..its sad and disheartening
Annnd 20 million of us don't want to be forced to buy that crappy insurance we can't afford
Well maybe you get your wish..and it passes and a good portion of us will just be dead thank you..problem solved have a lovely evening
Which still leaves the majority getting what they want..
Ocare gave me the cheapest option at $6k deductible with $350 a month. That's $10.2k a year. Give me catastrophic cov and I'll pay the rest
That really sucks for you, I am sorry but it does work for millions they need to fix it so that it works and is affordable for everyone
It's ironic they call themselves pro-life since they will be responsible for so many dying or being in ill health at their hand. Thanks GOP.
Maybe they want more people paying into social security and then kill us before we can reap the benefits of our savings.
Does anyone know what, if anything, this #GrahamCassidyِ bill covers in the way of Mental Health?
It would depend on what each state decided to cover, how much $ they receive and caps they set.
So it's at the mercy of state, just like pre-existing conditions and premiums.
Block funds will be used like child support, used to pay mortgage, not buy clothes and school supplies.  Pray your state isn't in a deficit.
Maybe the GOP has cornered the market on caskets? Is that under the Koch Brothers umbrella? Seems likely.
How did the country that invented rock and roll and the blues lose it's soul?
They felt left behind and voted for Trump
Quit lying to the public! No one is losing benefits & perdiagnosed conditions will be protect. Democrats are using fear as a weapon.
#Putinbot #putinbot
That,s true but false.  The young, who were forced to buy ObamaCare, won't purchase insurance they don!t need.
Until they get hurt or sick. Make sure they don't buy car insurance either.
It's their choice.  They must buy car insurance to protect others but not for their own car.
So who in #NorthCarolina trusts our state legislators to create an equitable #healthcare plan??!! #Obamacare
With less $ every year
This bill Graham-Cassidy must go down in defeat!!! It's Un-American.
GOP never give up to keep try to hurting us  what's the deal with them why 
I'll continue to laugh at you until you start providing, for this statistic, how many choose to do so voluntarily.
Are you aware of the millions who lost their care under Obamacare?  My family...victim of the family donut hole.  Look it up.
If you all have to rely on the Federal government to live, is that really Living.? How do so many minds get this warped. Is it 18, 20, 32mil
You're misunderstanding. Millions of ppl who get their insurance thru their EMPLOYERS will lose coverage (due to removal of Fed mandates).
That's not a bad thing. Less from Fed Gov Is great. We can survive with a lot less meddling from the Fed Goverment. They screwed this up!!!
Excuse me, I work way too hard for my health insurance for you to tell me that losing the coverage I need is "not a bad thing". Shame on u.
Um, no they don't 'lose' anything. it's just that they would not be forced to buy it if they didn't want to
With an 11k deductible I don't have insurance now, except I'm paying 24k a year for the privilege....No soundbite there though right?
Yeah but imagine all that money we can use for tax cuts to our wealthy donors..
Do you ever report facts?
I lost coverage 3 yrs ago and democrats didn't care, did nothing.
And...there we have it.
My health insurance premiums under Obamacare are now 122% of what they were before and my annual deductible is now $5500, was $1200.
@SenRonJohnson pls explain to WI ppl how this is good 4 us; not corporations or millionaires but regular folks u r supposed to represent?
*32 Million no longer forced to buy coverage they don't want while facing high fines.
here, repaired it for you
No longer forced to buy coverage we don't want and can't afford or have heavy penalties on our tax return! This single mom says .Thank God!
The worst of them all in terms of coverag loss by 2026:
TrumpCare v1.0 - 24M
TrumpCare v2.0 - 22M
TrumpCare v3.0 - 32 MILLION -- The WORST!
Choosing not to insure yourself is not losing coverage. It's called freedom to make your own choices
Fake news and a totally misleading headline....should read "32 million free to buy or not buy insurance with individual mandate rescinded".
If you choose not to buy something....
What middle class person can afford that.
Well Obamacare didn't give health ins. Unless I can pay 500.00 month. Now add mortgage utilities gas car ins. Car payment and taxes. Cont.
32 million, I may know someone... hell I'll probably be one of them.
if this happens my son dies
Cause they don’t want it
False
I'm looking forward to the day that I am NOT being fined for the crime of being unable to purchase a product I can't afford.
Amazing what happens when you remove government forcing someone to buy something they don't want, isn't it?
How will you lose what you dont want?
How do you function without a brain
THIS.
32 Million no longer forced to buy coverage they don't want while facing a $600 IRS penalty. Here I fixed it.
32 million won't be forced to pay for something they don't want...
Most of those 32 million are choosing not to buy & the rest will be subsidized but NARRATIVE
And transferred to their state ins no?
There aren’t even 32 million on it 85 percent of Obamacare is medicaid lie much
Hurry up and bring on indictments so we can get our creditablility back good heath care and some sort of normalcy. Please before world war
It gets worse every time......
Losing?

You mean like "losing" the Cadillac I was mandated by the government to buy when all I wanted was a Hyundai?
No no, it's 320 MILLION.  Yeah, that's it.
I am happy to be one of them!  Yeah, don't have to carry this shit policy anymore.
If we go single payer, then 265 million will "lose their coverage".

Billions dying every day!
genuinely curious. why did you vote in favor of a $700 Billion military appropriations bill?
The ppl that sold Obamacare on a pack of lies have new lies to tell you about its replacement
@SenatorLankford @JimInhofe Why are you supporting a bill that will purge 32 million people? Are you really that ignorant? Vote NO
@senrobportman why are you for this again?
And how many are capBle@of paying their own way?  Dem goodies for votes era coming to a close
Yeah right.  And just when did pigs learn to fly?
Obamacare took my Cadillac plan I worked hard to get and now I'm forced to have a shitty plan I can't afford.Don't care if anyone loses Ins.
Why lie, rather than persuade, if your position is righteous? You forced them in and they don't want it
What a load of crap. Bill gives the power to ur state, ur Governor. Did U even read the bill or just drink the Kool aid of this lie?
Good!! They can WORK & purchase their own insurance like I do.Why should I purchase for someone I don't know what I can't afford for myself?
Oh brother! Do y'all hear yourself? Just parrot talk no one is losing ins 
32 million no longer forced to buy insurance
The @GOP,  #Republicans & #Kochs have proven that "money IS the root of all evil" & this Government is deadly evil, from head to tail. 
How many of those don't want mandatory coverage?
Nope! I hard 200 million!
Clowns like you act like this coverage is gone forever or something.Where was your outrages when millions lost coverage b/c obamacare?
Many of which only buy to avoid tax penalty
Peoples choice what to have.
Most of them do not lose coverage.Check out the last CBO report.When you take away the mandate. Tens of millions will OPT not to have ins.
Fantastic Let's do it!
How many of those are voluntary?
32mm not forced to buy something they dont want
Cool. Another made up number.
There are only estate 12 million on Obama care. How then can 32 million lose coverage?
I call BS. This number counts
- those who didn't want it and don't re-enroll
- those who got jobs and switched to employer's insurance
Yeah, the same 32 million who didn't want it in the first place will drop out.
#FakeNews
32 Million no longer forced to buy coverage they don't want while facing a $600 IRS penalty. https://twitter.com/aslavitt/status/910528446195011585 …

But what is almost a 1/10th of the population, right?
#MedicareForAll #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
This is not happening!
32 million no longer forced to buy coverage they don't want under Graham-Cassidy ACA repeal.
Or written another way: 
"32 million Americans who don't want to buy gov't healthcare wont be forced to"
Republicans are healthcare terrorists! It’s the perfect description for what they are trying to do. #GrahamCasiddy #GrahamCassidyBill #CNN
Interestingly the same amount who were forced against their will to purchase insurance under threat of fine or jail.
Here's some of #GrahamCassidyBill symptoms!
LOL
32 Million are just not forced to buy it. The vote buying scheme that was Obamacare is almost done. It failed. No more stealing $$
It seems that Cult45 and the GOP must own stock in a casket factory with this death sentence of a bill
So that's how many illegals there are. Good to know.
Hopefully, 11 million of them are the undocumented Democrats.
Lose, or won't be forced to buy? By your logic single payer would cause 130 million to lose coverage.
@realDonaldTrump WHAT is GOP doing to you?They obviously want you gone. Punishment for working with Chuck and Nancy? What r u goin 2 do!
The numbers are continuing to climb.  This is a system that supports racism.
@SenCoryGardner @RepMikeCoffman @susancollins #TrumpCare is BAD 4 children #NoScoreNoVote #KidsWithCancer  Why do U HATE us ?@SenJohnMcCain
Didn't you notice the UK Charlie Gard case? When gov't controls healthcare, they - NOT YOU - decide if your child gets care or dies.
So none of those people will chose the new option? They were all FORCED on to Obamacare.
No.. individual mandates are gone. Millions will decide not to have insurance because they aren't required to. Employer mandate also gone
By lose you mean opt out?
What a load of crap
Lies, spin and scary monsters!!!  So many sick and broke from ur craven obamacare, many more uninsured now than before. 3rd world slide
No, it's not.
*will opt...
It's alright ma. I'm only bleeding.
the 20-40 million no coverage argument used by Left for years is A. Big. Lie.
These twisted fucks simply don't care.Their only concerned with erasing the legacy of a black man who had the stones to tell them what to do
You mean 32 million no longer have to buy something or else..
Americans shouldn't have to be forced to buy inferior government Healthcare. It should be a choice not a mandate.
Andy those numbers are inflated and false. People who don't want to buy Healthcare don't have to buy health care and can opt out.
I'm not losing anything, I just don't want to pay for it now that it's not mandatory
Alternate headline: 32M people no longer forced to buy health insurance under threat of penalty.
No-the states will get the same money and choose locally what needs to be done
so its worse than no OCare at all
Meanwhile the rest of us are getting crushed by exploding deductibles and tripling insurance rates. You leftists really are disgusting.
The ACA is not a "leftist" plan.
Nary a one Republican voted for it. That's the epitome of leftist.
Not to anyone who knows anything about politics.
Most are going to choose to not purchase insurance, but I'm sure you already knew that
Good government won't charge me 600$ for socialized crap care I don't want. Keep crying.
Do you understand that states will receive "Block Grants" to utilize for their specific constituent base?
Call .. call.. call .. our lives depend on it
Says the guy who was part of the biggest lie and fraud on the American people.
Rofl total bs what a ridiculous number
"32 million who are currently being forced by the government to buy insurance will now have the option not to."

Fixed it for you.
False.  But you knew that.
This is dishonest. Vast majority would opt not to buy a product they currently are forced to buy.
lose*

*have the freedom to choose not to buy
Actually I believe you mean 32 million who will not have to pay an IRS fine when they don't buy insurance.
Wow!  Even worse than the previous bill!
There aren't that many people even on it ding dong school 
How many health insurance policies can $300k buy?
So donors matter more than the lives of 32 million people. Never forget what the GOP has become.
And the hits just keep coming.
So all you pro-life believers...how does this square with your god @SpeakerRyan
Most Republicans don't care,they promised their voters they would repeal or replace Obama care no matter the cost to others! Trumps Bullies!
Mostly older people and those with pre-existing conditions will lose coverage
#FakeNews ! Amazing how many Americans are nothing but Sheep :)
More people will lose it than ACA gained. Let that sink in.
OMG
And most people who vote for GOP will lose the Protection because stupidity is a precondition !
This doesn't sound like it's going to end well
To add to the 30 or so odd milllion STILL uninsured...unconscionable
"The time has come to start crowdfunding healthcare" -me, just now
When will we see that access to health care us a basic human right? How many will have to suffer and die unnecessarily before we do?
Wasn't their last best number 28 million? How are we getting so much worse at this????
@Alancumming @commonwealthfnd Es una injusticia que este pasando
Why don't the GOP just take us out and shoot us, instead of making people die a slow painful death? Oh, that may show some compassion
http://ElephantInTheHospital.org  #i2
Ok, there are only two names for this bill the #grahamNASTY OR the #UCA aka the Unaffordable Care Act.  #ACARepeal #ACARepealDebate
@WhiteHouse @POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @AmerMedicalAssn So U GOP mbrs will throw..
32m americans off HC and give $215B in Taxbreaks to the rich. Real stand up people!
And how can this bill honestly be scored when no one knows what each state would do?  It can't.
@MSNBC @CNNPolitics 32 million losing coverage includes rise n premiums! Seniors, Poor, & Kids will suffer, not having access to  healthcare
This bill is the WORST!!
Potentially impacting 100 million people over time. This is so bad.
@SenThomTillis @SenatorBurr 32 MILLION. How many of those will be from NC? Do the right thing, not the easy thing. Vote NO for this bill.
That number gets higher every Bill.
Click bait
So it's worse than we thought. Got it.
Graham-Cassidy are traitors to America and should be jailed! No American should have to suffer for healthcare!
Many lost healthcare because of Obamacare, even though he said "If you like your plan, you can keep your plan".
Congress should also be in enrolled if it's so "great"! We pay for them to have top notch healthcare when they simply give us crap coverage!
Lose ? or be free choose NOT to have health insurance ? Big difference
Every GOP Senator. “No biggie. I’m getting paid by Koch industries. I’ll be fine”
Just when you think things can't get any worse, along comes G-C.  #Shame
This is so pathetic
Call your senators and demand they don't pass this. I called @robportman yesterday to express just how disgusting I find this bill
All this because Trump and his GOP cohorts hate Obama.  Their revenge just can’t get any worse!
Omg! Wow better hurry up and let Jimmy kimmel know
TRUMP Supporters Elected PUTIN Puppet Show. ..Let Them Deal with the Dummies. ..I Voted for Hillary Clinton
32 MILLION< wow just the other day it was 10 then 15 now it is 32 MILLION Fruit cakes at work LOL
And they're going on CNN to debate that crap?
They don't go on cnn to debate they do that on the senate floor 
So. I am about to lose coverage because I can no longer afford it. 'Merica
@lisamurkowski I was proud to donate to your campaign because you stood up for AK & for women.  I hope you continue to do so & vote NO on GC
@RoyBlunt As much as you hate ACA, the GC is horrible & will eventually put a massive burden on Missouri. Look at facts, math & vote NO.
@lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @senrobportman @SenCapito 32 MILLION, Senators. Stop this disaster,now.  #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
And @JeffFlake 32 million will lose coverage. That's not good dude. You are being political and not voting for the American people
Total horsepoop!  Fake news!  This estimate pulled out of someone’s...ear doesn’t even concern the bill being considered but a prior bill.
That number is crazy it just keeps getting worse 
because they count as "dropped"
- those who didn't want it and don't re-enroll
- those who got jobs and switched to employers insuance
32 M
Guess that is a little more than the 20 million in other bill!
