then prove Trump wrong and then this can be put to bed. and how are you going to fight back by saying it didn't happen without looking at it
Trump can't stand it that he didn't win the popular vote so he claims "voter fraud".
Thatz Precisely What It Is- Propaganda- Repeat a Lie Often Enough & (Subsceptible) PPL Will Believe It- Joseph Goebbels
On to a new Nothing Burger eh Fatso
Are Dems hiding something?  You bet they are!
In the spirit of "what voter doesn't know, won't hurt them", Hirono refuses transparency.  Devastating 2 know Hillary's not pop vote either?
Voter fraud is a big deal Democrats like dead people voting so they don't want to help
Thank you,  Senator Hirono.
It's true! Only people claiming it isn't are the Socialist Democrat Party members.
And the Snowflake's know the Truth!
Trump is so engrossed in his ego. He lost by three million votes
Yes fight for our rights.
Easy for these liars 2 pack voter polls with illegals, than refuse transparency under the guise of voter protection?  Voter censorship, hide
Please, can we just have a new election??
I live Hawaii,  lucky to be predominantly democratic. Beyond the verbal volleyball occurring between dems n reps, can you really do somethin
If it's a false claims provide the data @harvard study says over 5.7 illegal immigrants voted .
You kidding over 5M discovered so far only had to check 4 locations
But you refuse to verify that it didn't happen. Curious.....
I've voted since Nixon and the only REAL VOTER FRAUD I've seen Was when the Electoral College over ruled the American Vote and gave us Trump
It's not false. Voter fraud is very true.
Seems the only voter fraud that has come to lite, is people voting for him more than once. Go Figure
So then you are saying that some voter fraud is ok? Would you apply that same perspective to other illegal activities?
"Based on a lie"-"sham effort"   thank you Senator 
voting rights are vital to our being a united states! thanks for fighting for our rights!
Thank you.
Just look at recent PROSECUTIONS for voter fraud......
I've seen news reports of multiple ppl being arrested for it tho  so it does exist
false claim my azz!!!!!!
Lack of transparency does not protect voter, it protects the politicians.  Demand 2 C your own registrations.  Don't allow censorship!
Thank you Senator. Wishing you good health from here on. You are awesome.
How many article would you like me to post here about voter fraud, who went to prison and for how long and what party they were with?
Trump's peddling of lies, propoganda & fake news needs to stop now!
Ty
Go home and tend to your health.
As a constituent of yours I am proud to see you standing up for America and what is right. Mahalo nui loa
We love you Mazie!  Thank you for fighting for America.
Estimates from several election cycles suggest 2-5 M noncitizens voting. Why are you against fair elections?
*applause* *applause* You are brilliant and I'm really glad you're here with us! God bless you, your health and family.
Well said, Senator!!! Mahalo!

So you are all recovered already? Great news! Now let's get to work and #impeachtrump
@maziehirono, glad to see you back at work, hope all is well 
Thank you both for your strength & initiative. The US deserves so much better.
Thank you! Continue to fight!
Thank you, Senator Hirono.
THANK YOU, @maziehirono ! You may not be my current Senator, but you rep your state VERY well. Get @SenCoryGardner to do the same.
He can't pick and choose. His son colluded with Russia. Double standards got to go!!
Hope you are doing well after your surgery. Thank you both for standing up for the people!
Except for the Secret Doc stolen by Reality Winner says otherwise.
Yes, lots of shibai from 45 & his administration!!!
Voter fraud is as real as @BarackObama hiding under Trumps bed to wire tap him.
Just like the 21 year old man convicted of registering dead people and voting
Got mail for jury duty sent to a guy dead 3 years yesterday. No chance of fraud. None.
Thank you for seeing and speaking the truth.
Thank u Senators 
For letting people vote that shouldn't http://have.lol 
Thank you, Senators
how are u ms. Hirono? Hope the procedure went well, and I wish U a speedy recovery to come continue the fight!
you are on the wrong side
Thank you, Senator!
You were awesome at the hearing today. (No surprise) Need more questions about his firm representing Trump & Russia 
If there's nothing to hide then let them do it!  Lord knows the dems spend tons of our $'s for false Russian collusion investigations!
Guess you haven't been paying attention 
Oh, I've been paying attention.   There's just a whole lot of nothing there.  Just $'s being spent on hate.
What's the problem with checking to make sure votes were legally allowed to vote?
Thank you for your integrity. I greatly appreciate it.
. Wishing you the best of health and thank you for your dedication
You were awesome today & you looked great!  Thank you for looking out for all of us!
Mahalo Senator Hirono! Yes!
Thank you for speaking out!
#FakeSenatorHirono
