love the purple tie
Thanks JD!
@therealPhiz Up and running for Presidency already?
No, up and trying to galvanize #TheResistance. Fighting for what's right. Freedom and Justice for all. #Right2Choose
no he's making fake news and twisting the minds of poor liberals into knots...

Sad!!
No that's what Trump did, sit back and watch
Even as you see great progress before he is in office, you still doubt him... you just refuse to believe. Give him a chance
you're one of the more trustworthy pols out there...but you let a lot of us down not endorsing Bernie.
I hope we can fight together against the coming administrations assaults on poor and middle class Americans despite that fact.
that's a lie as well. Obama lowered middle and low income wages. More poor people. More out of work. Iran did well.
just sharing this ludicrous post --- since the chickenchit blocked me immediately after posting these lies
Everybody knows that The Plague is coming. Revive DOMA. Obama unleashed a plague on U.S. called Male Gay Marriage and HIV/AIDS.
how do you fit so much ignorance in such a tiny little head?
Fact. The Gay Man's Cancer from 1979 & 80's was what they called HIV/AIDS. It started in the gay male community. Be aware. DOMA
OMG your ignorance is past funny. It's sad. #AIDS
I hope it has enlightened you. 2017 is the age of enlightment for you. There isn't any Barack Obama  ghetto philosophy here.
seriously. Delete your tweets. They're almost as ignorant as @realDonaldTrump's tweets. #Trump
Do some reading up on it. PLEASE ! And stop calling me ignorant. I am not.
I have worked with HIV community. I have done a lot of research on the disease instead of trashing the victims.
@WendySunshine1
We could deregulate Wall Street further. That worked so well for Bill Clinton. He's getting payouts for life!
Can we have 'trickle up'? How about giving consumers money to buy goods and services and generate jobs.
A brave Progressive would introduce a Universal Basic Income.
The rich automate jobs to keep all wealth
I'm in
maybe u should start by NOT clasifying every1 we r 1 thing AMERICANS if u think of us all the same u will treat us all the same
Can you plz explain your NAY vote against the Sanders amendment on prescription drugs from 1/11. That was very disappointing.
I like what you said, just specify to fight with words not with violence.
Thanks for what you do Senator Booker
I know ur sen from NJ but you fight for all of us.  Keep it up and please consider run in 2020  We need u
You are my hero, and an inspiration. Please run for president in 2020.
Great interview on @FaceTheNation
#CoryBooker2020  
wish u had been tapped for VP. You'd be in WH now!
I am ready, what do u want me to do. We need to impeach DT. conflicts of interest, treason, traitor, likes putin over USA
How scared should we be because right now I'm terrified of having Trump in charge of us. 
maybe you can pay the extra for my insurance out of your paycheck,I hope to hear from you !put your money where your mouth is !!
your vegan thing ...wow you can see the difference in your face ...skinny minny
Thank you for all you do for our countfy
I stand with you in this fight. #America and the #Democrats  will have to unite and defend the #American dream.
Sounds nice bt we already knew that. We need to know what are U & other Democratic politicians going 2 do. Outline UR fight plan
let Trump know that a wall is not supported@- No matter who he thinks will pay. #standingwithcory
Thank you.
when are we going to hold Trump accountable for being treasonous?  #TreasonousTrump
@SoWithHer we are with you all the way Cory
we saw some cowards today on Capitol Hill.   We won't forget.  The silence was horrifying.
No. We will NOT.
Amen !!
Please do something!
Considering that the Dems don't actually DO anything, what is there, really, to join you for?
Thank you!
Hey, where were you today when the Electoral College results were being certified? That was your first test man.
thank you mr BOOkEER   If  you exclude bringing jobs back to America in your speech,you are  alone in your fight
Thanks for the message of hope and call to action
Senator, will you object today to the invalid Electoral College votes? #NotMyPresident #TheResistance #ElectoralCollege
@coke_usa Corey, the country is burning, run in & save us! #booker4change  Lead the fight Senator. We need you now more than b4!
Praying for you Cory. Be strong. Have faith. Stay focused. #Blessings
I stand with you!!
@CulpableCrimes yes Cory, I so agree, we cannot become silent spectators in our country. We must stand up and fight.
#WomensHealth #Veterans #Education #Law #Manners 99% Message to NRA TeaParty Drumpf/Pence/Ryan BS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Q-ZyW9bz5c …
@Megreg916 go Cory!
I admire you tremendously. Please support a challenge to the illegally cast Elect'l College votes. https://www.uniteforamerica.org/newsroom/2017/1/5/rg8te4dktz8m41uodxz0wnisoj0l1o …
please keep trump in check. I can't even with him!!
Please keep fighting. We need you!!!
no.
With you sir, every single step of the way to fight for every American regardless of status in any way needed #TheResistance
I am with you.
Please run for President!
do the right thing! I'm totally disgusted with this congress. I don't see working for all Americans.
please work to keep ACA, social security, Medicare, Medicaid. Push for living wages and higher taxes on billionaires
I am inspired by this kind of hopeful leadership.
Suggestion - Rename the ACA Trumpcare and have Trump say it's a better plan and be done with it!
I've been sharing you in my circle since last year. This confirms my respect and admiration of you!
we love you Corey! #Booker2020 I think of every American had to vote for someone you would be our president. We need you!
you should have been our president. Many many many voters are behind you as am I Cory Booker 2021
Your message is on target as always.  Please be the torch bearer for freedom and civility.
Thank You Cory! You are absolutely right actions speak louder than words!
I love you, brother. Thank you for doing the hard work, for fighting the good fight. We are with you even down here in AUSTIN TX
I believe in you and the goodness within most people. Please guide and lead us from all dangerous, spiteful and foolish acts/ors
God bless you!!
thank you, Sir!
please keep fighting for us!!
What are your thoughts about Betsy DeVos?
u got it Cory
tired of  D side or R side try working together  you used to do that
We could use your leadership right now Cory. 65 million Democrats looking for a leader. Where to march. Step up.
....There are people like me hoping you will never give up....thank you for your service to the people...
I've got your back, Cory!
Write down my name. If you run for POTUS in 2020, I will quit my job to work for you.
thank you for your brilliant leadership & calm presence
@TaySchilling If it was Obama there would be an all out civil war!! I didn't want Obama elected either time. Adults deal!!
pin the Republicans ears back we are counting on the Democrats to fight them every step of the way
#2020
thanks for always speaking the truth!
thank you for your encouragement, to inspire us to do what is right!
Please make sure that Medicare, SS and some type of ACA programs stay in place.
; Your absolutely right I'm with you, I am ready to fight again..
#RESIST all attempts to gut the #ACA, hobble the #EPA, dismantle consumer protections, cut taxes for the rich, etc.
wow where is your bipartisanship and we the people have spoken we voted trump
JOIN YOU IN WHAT? WELL YOU DO NEED SOME HELP IN MAKING DECISIONS!
You are one of the few decent people in Congress, and that is why your constituents in NJ love you!
@AnneRiceAuthor  thank u!
you're a great man senator booker. Bring your passion and conviction to the table and stop this lunatic.
can't wait for your presidential run bro !
We are praying hard, Cory... and acting on those prayers. Grateful for your leadership.
So negative, sad you couldn't just say fight for Americans.  Identity politics is destroying America, fight against that.
Love & hope we all heard from Obama was just empty talk, turned into one big national division!
@JimmyColema1060 not consequential, exceptional.
next president of the United States 2024 fantastic congressman
guide us in a grassroots campaign for action
The latest and greatest RACE WARLORD!  Fasten your seatbelt, Cory Booker.  REAL "hope and change" is coming!!!!

yes!
Our immediately is in total Jeopardy. This not a joke. Commit Trump 4a mental eval. Same warning I gave to G Bush before towers
Yes
thank you!! Couldn't agree more. Will share your message.
you inspire me to be a better person and a better citizen.
@KevinDarryl I love your passion feeling like everything you said we have to fight for should be done We should be moving on
All in with you. Anything I can do.
You are a good man. We have a lot of respect for you. Thank you for "Hope"
please continue to fight for us! Thank u..god bless u
The power of the people is greater than the people in power. Well said Senator. Very profound!  We must believe this!
Talk is cheap.  No confirmations until Bannon leaves the WH.  I will be watching your votes. It's about protecting human rights
I'm all in. Tell me what you need from me.
Well said, Senator Cory Booker. Let's fight for We the People
thank you for this.
RESIST THE TRAITOR AND HIS ETHICS-FREE PARTY.  #RESISTANCE #TraitorInChief
in what, continuing to enslave people with failed Dem policies?
Any elected official who has a picture of #MLK on their wall has my respect. Not my vote, of course though.
Thank you Mr Booker. I am with you.
I ca we help you
@MichaelSkolnik How do I sign up! I don want this Congress to take my story! I will fight for what I believe in &have worked 4
Thank you for this. It's on my Facebook timeline now. Spreading the word....
and the rest of the South of voting right . You will see these states comply after they become mediocre in football and lose $$$
Discuss with Black leaders to have star Black athletes to Boycott Southern Univ. Especially   Ala. with Sessions the AG and the
Cometh the hour, cometh the Cory!  Seize the moment and lead the fight!
Please take a stand for all Democrats. Save America & POTUS Obama's legacy.  Thanks
well said sir!
I will stand with you. What can I do to help @pithyplease @SenFeinstein @KamalaHarris @SenWarren #TheResistance
...no worries, president trump will keep the country on the right path...
Finally! Just when I thought this is the end of all hope, you came along and inspired me. Thank you!
.@CoryBooker Yes, I will join you and @realDonaldTrump as long as you are working to #MAGA via truth, freedom, and justice. #tcot
@danpfeiffer Good man, Cory! Very off topic, the shiny light on your noggin' is distracting. 
with you . Good luck this year, I unfortunately have a feeling you'll need it.
Thanks for confirming what we already know. Fight, fight, fight.
@UncleRUSH Love the @NRockwellMuseum print in the background Senator! #respect
@SenBookerOffice 
Cory Booker for President 2020!
You are the Democrats' strongest voice! I love your passion!
Ready to fight with you!!!
I used to live in NJ - proud of you and your commitment.  I will be fighting from New Mexico now.
fight hard for all, Cory!
@Dr_of_Nursing I will join you if you stand up and fight back so far not heard much from you in the disgrace of trump
@Dr_of_Nursing
@Dr_of_Nursing I
Please help save us from this craziness! Keep doing what u r doing and you'll be President by 2020. Sooner in a perfect world!
we need to ban Islam
thank you to our progressive  Senator Cory Booker
@KathyLINDNER1 be brave knowing we are all behind you
@danpfeiffer Oh, what nice words, Sen. Booker! Respectfully, sir, what are you--& your party--going to actually DO?
keep fighting for us Senator Booker! We are still here! I will call my Senators and Rep! I will write, protest, email, & donate!
Yes, yes,and yes. Thank you and u can count on me.
People resolved to stand and act, they went out to vote, and the electoral college voted the other way, so what say you to them?
Fight on Sen. Booker. We stand with you. Will work with you. #NowIsTheTime
: watch them carefully, document, memorialize it all b/c we dems will have to clean up their mess in 4yrs!
: these short video conversations are great. Much appreciation from a NJ constituent.
@Aroyaldmd Join the #Resistance Cory
@DebraMessing #thankgod4cory #fight4right
I like these good sir 
I have much respect for you. Always have. But Dems screwed the pooch and let Trump run all over us.
Thank you for everything to do. You're a great leader.
.@CoryBooker Sen. Booker, first fight is to save the ACA from insta-repeal. Please convince an R colleague (Toomey?) #NoRepealWithoutReplace

@SenBookerOffice I need for you to start running for President today! Booker 20/20
love you and that message. I am with you.
Cory Booker 2020! I'm not playing, dammit!
please fight to confirm Merrick Garland for SCOTUS.
yeah I forgot he called us a basket of deplorables
Booker For President...
well said. Coming to the WMOW 1-21 from Cali to fight . Will you march with us?
I'm with you senator, but honestly I don't know how to do that. How do I act?
thanking you for your past service & for the hard work you'll do this next year. Thank you Senator, for working FOR the people.
