Happy Easter did you go on the date. Inquiring minds want too know
Been watching a Zombie movie marathon in observance of the resurrection. 
Thank you
Happy Easter Mr Booker
He is Risen! 
Why did the Jews kill Jesus

Scriptures http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/4134629/1/ …
Thank you and a wonderful day to you, I will always remember the summer you spent at LSO, from a retired LS0 office manager
AND A VERY HAPPY EASTER TO YOU!  SO GLAD WE HAVE SENATORS LIKE YOU IN CONGRESS!
Et à vous également!
Happy Easter 
- Thank you, Cory, hope you n family had nice Easter! 
Happy Easter! Thanks for being a tireless light in the dark.
IN THE ARMS OF JESUS CHRIST ARE BABY'S ALIVE WHO WERE ABORTED.
Telling others clearly what you believe in demonstrates leadership and respect. Qualifying your core beliefs is dithering, not tolerance.
Happy Easter to you and yours Senator Booker!
Happy Easter!
And you too Cory Booker. And if you have an extra minute later, perhaps a phone call to Mindy would be nice. You know, wish her a nice day.
And to you...
Happy Easter to you too!
Why should Easter be happy only for those who celebrate? If you believe in Christ, you believe his rising is cause for all to celebrate.
happy Easter!
Happy Easter 
Dear Man on a Mission

Happy Resurrection Day. !
Happy Easter to you too, Cory.
Happy Resurrection Sunday!
Happy Easter to ALL
have a P C Easter Cory..lol
Same to you
Thank you Cory.  Happy Easter to you and yours. I appreciate your leadership.
I thank my creator that u are not our leader. A leader fights 4 the weakest sheep n doesnt try 2 take away their food stamps
Georgie why don't u send that to Trump . SAD
To you as well Sen.Booker . 
That's offensive
Thank you.  It's a beautiful day to celebrate His Resurrection. Enjoy your vacation.
Have a Happy Easter, Mr. Booker!
Peace on earth.
Happy Easter to you, if you celebrate Easter.
@SenBookerOffice Happy Easter
You too!
Blessed Passover too!
My life.
I celebrate Jesus's Resurrection everyday of my like.
HAPPY EASTER!!!!!
If someone ever tells me, "I don't celebrate that holiday." I always say, I still hope the day is happy for you anyway.
Happy Easter to you . Thank you for all you do. You are our Voices
Thank you for prefacing with "to all who celebrate"... shows a healthy world view. Christian fascism is real.
And to you and yours...
And to you, as well! 
Love you Cory!!! One of my favs in Washington now!!! Have a great Easter, the fight continues tomorrow !!!
Happy Easter sir
That's very offensive... Could you have said, " Enjoy your religious celebration of choice."
Happy Easter to you also.
Happy Easter!
Happy Easter to you and your mom.
.....and to you and yours!
Happy Easter, sir! 
Same to you!

Happy Easter 
thank you Mr. Booker! please keep fighting for us. and please make trump go away! we are both from Newark we know how! 
#getitdone
Christ Is Risen Senator
Same to you Senator!
your party refused to abolish  slavery, call Lincoln illegitimate opposed him at every turn,caused the civil war, a replay?

so just exactly which side will you be on in the civil war? Democrats or Americans?
Lets pause for one day to pray for tomorrow
Right back at you senator!  Have a wonderful day!
Happy Easter, Senator Booker.
Happy Easter to you also!
Happy Easter to you too
And back to you
I'm just leaving sunrise services! Happy Easter to you as well!
Same to you
Happy Easter, Senator!
Happy Easter, Senator Booker! 
