Texas voter ID law struck down 3x by federal courts. Now Trump DOJ arguing it's not intentionally discriminatory https://www.thenation.com/article/trumps-justice-department-is-no-longer-opposing-texas-discriminatory-voter-id-law/ …
George Wallace asked forgiveness of African Amers before he died. @jeffsessions hasn't reached that evolution yet.
Sessions does positive things for African Americans. Dems have short memories.
Name a few. Dems have good memories. I remember well back into rampant racist 60's
As do I and as does my family. Tell me about your role in the Civil Rights movement.
Well, you sure told me. Make sure you say the same to everyone else who wasn't born yet. No opinions allowed, non-participants
Ah you weren't born yet. So stop criticizing those of us who remember and remember well.
Actually, you got cited in another tweet which I replied to. You can take it as "criticism" if it makes you feel better.
I've been civil and nothing you say makes me feel better or worse. The fact that you weren't there makes your opinion null.
Why would Democrats fight against ID laws? Is it because they know they are getting votes through fraudulent means?
it's called disparate impact. Look it up.
It's called "bullshyte". No need to look it up. No genuine examples of this ever given.
no genuine examples of disparate impact? Haha. Read a fucking book sometime.
Criminals are disparately impacted by the justice system. Mr. Booker is fighting that as well.
looking for examples. Not being smug. Being sincere.
UC San Diego study found minorities are disparately impacted by strict voter ID laws
Obviously. That's why racists support them.
how is it wrong to need one ID ? I think 9 states do ... it's wrong to NOT want ID. SMH I don't get it
Who pays for the IDs? Who transports those who don't have vehicles? Who provides time for single parents to do it
my state ID is$5 for 8 yrs. think that's a every small price. Babysit/transport just like any
The costs really do start to balloon for something the Constitution doesn't require.
"Ballooning"? Puhlease!! No real examples of these poor abused souls ever given. Good narrative, though.
@donnabrazile Absolutely!
@SierraClub surprise surprise Sessions is out of touch with current law. Reverts to his old self.
what you afraid of Cory? Loss of illegal votes to ensure a win? Every Nation has a photo ID to vote. Ur scared of honest elction
Voter ID laws are only discriminatory in your discriminatory mind. Big men can admit mistakes. You are obviously small.
@BryanDawsonUSA Booker, your credibility is exactly 0. Please go work for a drug company directly
@ybarrap My upper lip automatically curled into a sneer when I read this.  I'm afraid my face is going to freeze that way.
, All Your Doing Is Trying To Do Is Make You Name BIG, you head is all I see that's BIG plus your mouth 
@SierraClub thank you Senator Booker!
you obviously have never read the 14th & 15th Amendments & the VRA. If the ID & all docs required are FREE then ok
Cory, they know the more Blacks register and vote, the more Democrats will get elected
@jilevin
Fight gerrymandering!
Sessions should not be where he is...period.
@AriMelber That unparalleled public servant Jefferson Beauregard Sessions will stop at nothing 2 make voting right of privileged
a OLD southern supremist white male was appointed - what did you think would happen? kumbaya? the guy is a RAT
@BoundarySeeker 
TX voter law will be 
STRUCK DOWN AGAIN because it is UNCONSTITUTIONAL
Or, activist judges will be turfed, actual constitutional ruling will be made.
we all knew this was coming
get a grip
You heard it folks. IDs are discriminatory. But they discriminate between the actual person and a fraud.
just because you think blacks are too stupid to get I.D. doesn't mean the rest of us do.
maybe you shouldn't have been so conciliatory to the #AuthoritarianParty, eh?
Sad that the GOP continues to threaten the civil rights of minority voters. If only they spent more time on what's important.
Disgusting.
How is it discriminatory when all people are held to same standard???
getting an ID has zero to do with privilege.  You have to have an ID for almost everything.
shut up cb
time4 @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @POTUS 2listen 2 their VOTERS or seats & careers will be LOST ppl need/want #ACA & fair voting rights
I have to have a ID when I go to buy Cigarettes, Beer, Doctor, Bank, everything you do someone wants to SEE WHO YOU ARE
@SierraClub Sincere question: How are voter ID laws discriminatory? You need ID to bank, buy a phone, fly, buy sudafed... ??
The only "shameful" thing is that you continue to scream racism about something that is a given in life: prove who you are.
only Dems are upset with this law. Funny. Coincidental.
We got just what we feared in Sessions. This is the start.
If you lived here, you would know what the purpose of the law is.
@AriBerman The amazing power of Voter Suppression THE GIFT THAT KEEPS ON GIVING KEEPS ON GIVING US REPUBLICANS. But not patriots
Fight! Fight! Fight!  We join you.
this is the end of our country if our leadership cannot stop the bleeding of core values.
@lisa_amowitz sessions will do whatever trumps tells  him to do - period
so it is not OK to show ID to vote...But can't get into a democratic event without one. Who is discriminating?
This is why President Bannon picked Sessions for the DOJ so he could pass on all these type of bills
please explain how having to have an ID to vote is discrimination.
Unjust discriminatory voter ID laws bar both legals AND illegals from voting 3 or more times. Terrible.
Whether it's intentional or not, if it's discriminatory, it needs to go ASAP. #resist
how about you represent your voters and their views on big pharma that much harder?
@SenBookerOffice outrageous! Sessions showed his true self. We need an AG who will defend civil rights
Why not have id's. Mexico has voter I'd. # proves your a citizen# only citizens vote.# nothing about descrimination.
Sessions is Trump's personal troll doll
.@CoryBooker Let's work with disadvantaged population adversely affected by these laws to get them ID's? Would seem more quickly effective.
I'm fairly certain Jeffrey Beauregard Sessions has a past history as grand wizard! #WhiteTrashTrump
I suppose minorities don't drink, drive, or cash checks.
we need a national ID card to end voter fraud.
card needs to be free
@attorneygeneral -  Sessions is a dishonest, insufferable charlatan. He has no conscience. We have a fight on our hands.
@SenBookerOffice These voter ID laws are a HUGE waste of Tax payer dollars! TX spent $7M Indiana $10M. SAD
@akmk Tells you everything you need to know about Sessions.
The only people impacted are those who can't legally obtain government ID...wonder who in Texas might  fit THAT description...
do you really care or are you more concerned with voters pertaining to your 2020 presidential bid.  Hope you don't run
Intention has nothing to do with it, just like words. It's the actions that are produced that scream the truth.
So in other words Booker, you shouldn't need an id to vote? Then why have one to drive, board a plane etc. Hypocrite!
Federal courts populated with too many activist judges. Time to operate the judiciary by the phrase "serve at the pleasure of".
how can allow anyone to just vote with out valid ID makes no sense voting is a privilege of a US citizen Only
It appears that the late Coretta Scott King was onto something when she wrote that letter to congress about ol' Jeff. #AmeriKKKa
is Jeff Sessions actually going to wear his white hood tonight?
I think he loaned it to Hillary
@Barbie892 and I thought the DOJ was independent of president and political party affiliation. Oh wait this is Sessions nvrmind
It's "ACCIDENTALLY" discriminatory.
perhaps easier access
in this day and time, no one should be walking around without ID and if u don't have one, YOU SHOULDNT B VOTING!!!
Hey Corey, you mean it's discriminatory to ask for an id?  Your ridiculous argument has lost any semblance of credibility.
this was a surprise to no one. Totally predictable, and unfortunately, just the beginning. #RESISTANCE
with all due respect, instead of whining about this (still), why isn't the focus on getting ID to all that need them?
@AriBerman A8n't suprised! He's a walking DISCRIMINATORY!!!!!
come on Cory, if there alive and legal citizens then there is no discrimination  right?
please explain this to reps from HBCUs next time they think it's a good idea to go to this White House
I need to show ID to get on a plane. That's discrimination!
Shame on you Cory.
The hell it isn't! He is a disgrace to the position he unfortunately holds!
r the dems & holwod racist 4 requring pic id to enter their meetints and shows. Luv the fence and barriers around oscars
DOJ = Directly Obstructing Justice Thanx to GOP & Sessions only old white men will be safe, respected or protected.
@donnabrazile Remind that we must do more tonight then listen to what @POTUS says, but watch what he does.
You are bought by the pharmaceutical industry. You have no room to talk.
we can fight or we can mobilize and get the people who need IDs what they need to vote and get them rides to the polls!
spoken like a true Dumpacrap!!!
stop putting blacks and latinos down how hard is it to get an ID what are you afraid of
Hello all you have to do is show your a LEGAL citizen with some form of ID.Basic core math .
it's the beginning of the end folks! Activate!
@EmilyFuhrman This is just part of Bannon's assault on democracy. Sessions will actively work to suppress voter laws
Sessions was part of the Trump campaign.  He can be brought down with an independent investigation into Russia.
we knew this was coming... Lies.. Lies... Lies.... I am so ready for 2020 if this Administration last that long... smh
OMG I can't believe how this administration is acting....on so many levels.
People have plenty of time between elections to get an ID! No more excuses! #ElectionIntegrity #VoterID
.@Carlyraedietz @POTUS Voters must be VETTED as well
Citizenship
Picture ID
…
Yes and I thank you.
we need voter control stop the non sense . I am a old Newarker and respect you. Fight for what is right
@GWGlenda123 this is an assault on democracy! So much for open free elections 
Make IDs cheaper and available. In the Netherlands everyone's ID is checked (may be expired a few years) when voting.
Cory How can this man be impeached? Anybody?
@donnabrazile Another stab in the heart of democracy. I want America back.
don't even get me started! Fighting voter id laws is now my new cause! #everybodyvotes
as a Texan I can tell you it was intentionally written to discriminate!
I'm with you. Tell what to do.
Why do dems think black people are to dumb to get ID?
this is not surprising at all. This was set in motion  the day of inauguration.
The @GOP is failing us on every issue. How do these people live with themselves?
Thank you Cory. We all must stand for the #Constitution and for future @USAmerican generations
How is it discriminatory to prove your identity before voting?
What are you folks doing about discriminatory travel ID laws?
@ACLUTx @ACLU More reason than ever to support and become a member of the ACLU,
@AriBerman because illegals vote democrat.. That's why you opposed it..you need an ID.. To get on an airplane why not to vote..
What amazes me is that @realDonaldTrump & @jeffsessions BOTH think we can't see what crooks they are.
Rise Cory Rise!
what can each of us do?
if sessions were only useless we'd be better off
lmfao not "not intentionally discriminatory" so u r admitting it is discriminatory @realDonaldTrump
it is to keep the state red. This is a reminder that we must never think we have arrived. There is much to be done.
@donnabrazile  Proves Session's is who most thought he was.
We need a drivers' license to drive.  Is that discriminatory?
Not surprising, at all. #SoItBegins #JimCrowRepeat
No, YOU should be fighting harder bc that's why we pay you--albeit not as much as BigPharm, you duplicitous sellout, but still.
can't say we didn't see this coming.
DOJ requested cont. 1/19. Sessions confirmation vote wasn't til 1/31. Did anyone even ask about this case & others like it?
how does the leader for JUSTICE fight AGAINST HIS FUNDAMENTAL ROLE? IS THAT JUST? THERE ARE TIMES I WISH I WAS AN ATTY. THEN...
sessions wants Jim Crowe back
All I'd like to say is Thank you for being a strong voice during the nomination fiasco. You warned us... #RESISTANCE
@donnabrazile #hispanicsforvoteridlaws Saying minorities are too poor/dumb to obtain 1 of 9 pieces of id is kinda racist
Sessions only wants white males to vote. He us a true Confederate at heart. America is doomed.
Did anyone expect he would do otherwise? He's the RACIST we all know him to be. It will get worse.
Sessions is the racist, bigot people claimed him to be.
You've got a lot of work ahead of you. You're doing great!
elections are local...every single person who cares should start there and work outward to the state level.
We have to unseat local and state lawmakers who pretend to be protecting legitimacy of elections with laws that suppress votes.
in meantime, are any civil organizations helping people get ID & travel to polling places?
Essential. Heard of private citizens offering to transport voters since "ballot harvesting" is now a felony in AZ.

@donnabrazile Yet so many talked big smack about Booker when he testified against Sessions. He warned us.
@donnabrazile bet he is trying to balance recusal on Russia as an offset to other shitty things he does
suggestion revoke voting rights of racist xenophobes and white supremacists oh right @jeffsessions would lose his right to vote
@donnabrazile Mom HISPANIC 92, D/N drive or speak English well but has always had an ID. R U the RACIST?
@donnabrazile @capt_tripps66 OMG! We all knew that @realDonaldTrump Admin. was going to be discriminatory & DOJ JUST PROVED IT!
That's only the beginning of what we are going to have to fight Sessions on
you need an ID for everything.. Drs office, Airport..etc..Why not to vote?  Why is it discriminatory? Everyone should have one
um, ID for Dr. Office? No. This is a state issued picture ID. Not even a military ID meets this law's standards
@donnabrazile The @DNC seem to think that minorities & poor are too stupid to follow voter ID laws.
~ Jeff Sessions was too racist for Alabamians and that should speak volumes about his hateful personality. #ResistThatBastard
Sorry Cory! No one is buying what you have to say.  Anyone can easily get a valid ID. It needs to happen to stop fraud.
It's intentional read this article.If more minorites would vote, the GOP would be history
http://harpers.org/archive/2017/03/tyranny-of-the-minority/2/ …
Reading comprehension is a wonderful thing.  I said minorities. Would you like a definition for that?
.@CoryBooker Will you have time? Don't forget you have to serve your Big Pharma constituents.
isn't this illegal?
@chick_in_kiev Session's decision is blatantly racist.
@WilliamMatt22 what makes those laws discriminatory?
@moiskd you knew he would do this. I watched 13th the other day, Sessions is that narrative, finding ways to enslave/deny rights
Let's eliminate #Alabama from the federal gravy train.
exactly what i expected from an avowed racist DOJ. 
#FuckDJTAndHisBandOfRacistMen #RESISTtrump
Is there a state-by-state strategy to fight this? Legally, or by getting voters to the polls despite these laws?
They are rounding US up.We are a stumble away from slavery.SHAMEFUL? No talk what is the action plan?
@barb2point0 @AriBerman the deputy AG for civil rights advised the legislature on that bill... Def not fox in henhouse
According to Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III, minorities are subhuman and subhumans do not get to vote.
The DNC requires photo ID to enter their national convention around which they built a wall.  Racist?
The NAACP requires photo ID to participate in their march.  Got hypocrite?
is intentionality the standard bearer here? What about real life outcomes and impacts?
Why are liberals afraid of honest elections?
Arguing that poor people and blacks are incapable of obtaining proper ID is racist.  Why are liberals racists?
Senator we need ID for everything in society. Why is proving you are a citizen discriminatory? Give all US citizens ID.
explain to me how it's discriminatory to be registered to vote who does it discriminate against people that are here illegally
have to stop voter fraud NJ is one of the worst ofenders
that is bs booker, you just want no id's so your liberals can illegally vote, talk about the Russians?
we must fight with every conviction in our bodies !
Can't the Congress hold him accountable - or hey - how about writing legislation that is the correct stance!
@AriBerman This is what happens when Texas was too close for comfort for GOP in 2016. They disenfranchise voters.
@AriBerman I'm willing to help you in any way that I can Senator!
@AriBerman it's as if a racist was confirmed.
bcuz presidential elections are won in the electoral college not by the popular vote .
#theResistance #RESIST #Persist
This is unbelievably troubling. Keep up the fight! You are appreciated! #resist
@AriBerman if Sessions is going to make rulings like that, he can be impeached too
will Dems pick up the fight; hire lawyers to continue the fight?
@AriBerman Most of us knew he's a racist... no surprise here
if you're too racist to be a judge you're too racist to be DOJ but your colleagues seemed more concerned with being nice
Please use your sensible voice! Speak up and against tyranny!!
What is everyone waiting for?  investigate Russia, Impeach. Please stop him.
You are so right and we will continue to fight
