Man...he is trying really hard. But we know he's doing because he wants to run for POTUS in '20. #fakeoutrage
If some of these people get on board for politically selfish reasons, I'll take it, but that doesn't mean I trust them to stay on board yet.
I don't trust them at all. Especially when they put political reasons ahead of doing the right thing for the country. Which most of them do.
Until we can get rid of them, it does help if they're cooperative. I believe they may well be playing numbers games on allowing cosponsors.
Let's b real, they're doing this because they know it won't hurt them NOW with their donors. When it counts they won't show up.
You are most likely correct. But house and senate seats come up for grabs regularly. Short term, fake cooperation. Long term, for-real reps.
Booker used a lot of CODE WORDS that said insurance companies & Big Pharma would be involved in HIS plans
So did Kirsten Gillibrand & Kamala Harris!
Bernie did not look pleased in this clip – do you think he smells a rat in all of this?
I addressed that here because we heard the code work from the establishment dems!
Keep up the fight – it'll be well worth it! Solidarity from the UK 
We are trying to get what the UK has had since what '72?
The NHS was actually founded in 1948  But you're right, even JFK spoke about the US is lagging behind Europe w/ regards to healthcare.
Damn we are even further behind than I thought.
I hope USA gets medicare for all. The peace of mind we in Canada is priceless I don't know how Americans afford the insurance premiums
Then please tell us why everyone  comes to the U.S for health care when their system fails
that's a lie and it has been proven You got sucked in to believing propaganda from special interests big pharma insurance companies and gop
Well senator Booker said he doesn't take their money anymore because he has enough.  Politicians always tell the truth. Thanks
file:///C:/Users/fran/Desktop/Canada's%20Healthcare%20System%20Explained!%20-%20YouTube.html  
PLEASE WATCH AND LEARN PHIL
That's because we have so many mean-spirited people with top money FHA 30-year mortgages Wall Street Bankers who want to take our homes
Even in underdeveloped Turkey, as a foreigner, I paid only $230 for an ambulance and two emergency room visits. Americans deserve this too.
Thank you for standing for America!  Healthcare for all matters! A healthy America matters!
I agree
Socialized medicine will separate the rich from the poor even further. People don't even see it coming
yes I think a 60% cut in pay to our politicians and stop illegal immigration should about pay for it
No wall would pay for it....or .5% tax....how much do people spend now for premiums....it aint .5 % of their income thats for damn sure
no putting up a wall would pay for it
#amen
You are not wanting the US to take care of their people.  You want them to take care of all of the other countries people.
Why did you vote against < cost script meds+aga Medicare negotiating <cost for avg Americans? Excuse=uncertain sources=CANADA is just fine
Problem is...you don't just want to take care of all of our people (citizens) you want to take care of the illegal immigrants as well....
No,but you can vote against cheaper meds for us,trying to set the stage for a run?Forget it,you blew it when you sold us out f Bigpharma
I don't want to criticize him for saying good things, but I'd feel better if we could zap his nuts every time his votes contradict this. 
We shouldn't be afraid to discuss this proposal on the table.
The Skinner Political Responsiveness Protocol.
Haha. America, the supposed shining city upon the hill... that isn't.
You ignorant, people on Medicare pay monthly for their Medicare, I know people on Obamacare that pay less
Once again blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah bullshit!!!!    Fred
It's almost like we're slaves for this damn country. We already pay taxes, the least they can do is give us free insurance.
And when they need a specialist they all come here. Please reserch on your own before spout influential propaganda. Your better than that
Mate I lived in Texas where Texans would hop the border to get their shit done in Mexico. Calm down.
Right now I pay $6,000 a year for a policy with a $3,000 deductible. If they pass this I will be paying $14,000 a year in taxes. Questions?
140 chars isn't enough to explain why americas version of single payer/universal healthcare is shit. It's all sides fault.
And he keeps taking big Pharma money. Such a disappointment... I had big hopes for him. He's just another paid for Senator....
Wrong. I do not take big pharma money anymore. And
As long as @CoryBooker keeps this up, I will support and welcome him to not only the #Resistance, but also the #Revolution. Don't Uturn Plz!
As long as it's true and based in integrity, I'll be thrilled and a supporter.
U seem 2 forget Gov control or sponsored HC is the worst service provided 4 PPL!Countries that have this system is corrupt no quality care!
You are 100% wrong.
My Mom had to come to the US for a procedure we paid for! The waiting list was 2 years for surgery in Costa Rica! Don't tell me 100% wrong!
I am MUSLIM
Buddhist kill me in Burma, 
Christian in Afghanistan, 
Hindu in kashmir, 
Jewish in Palestine & Still I Am Terrorists..???
Why??
He talks a good game!  He's just riding the Bernie express to insure he gets credit for being onboard.  Pathetic.
you're not wrong but at this point any support is needed
Bernie's been getting support, but now that it's presented there will be much more.  Hopefully some will cross the aisle and support.
#MedicareForAll Victoria Rn and I agree @ACLU Lawfirm
Corey is the same guy who has no viable plan and supported the hazardous sanders bill. They didn't even have financing details
He was able to sit pretty well just a few months ago when he voted Nay on imported drugs from Canada. Grandstanding for 2018 and 2020.
He voted against getting drugs from Canada cheaper  also donated 20g to menendez's legal fund who was stealing from Medicare.
If you want universal health care in a socialistic world, MOVE THERE!!!!!!!!!
Wow...what a phony! You can tell when he's lying by how big he opens his eyes. The bigger the eyes the bigger the lies!
Oh yeah not 4 free. Sweden-65% fed tax rate. GB & Canada-horrible wait times and doctors. I have spoken to those under it; they hate it.
Just think about how many who is falling between the seats when you don’t have a universal healthcare system. it’s devastating 
Do you have a link to this so I can post it on another site?
Cory Booker has been able to allow mediocre health care in the US for years/ not allow cheaper meds from CDN
Include how much this will cost.  People think it will be free, and have no idea what Europeans tax rates look like
Nothing is free.  I'm not exaggerating when I say in GB you probably wouldn't have a hip replacement yet.  You would be in line.
Australians pay 2%of their taxable income to fund medicare. Everyone in Australia has access to the public system.
What did Cory do in Newark? Where did that facebook money disappear to?
#BoycottFB
Amen!
Sit on this: https://twitter.com/jaydabf/status/908505965623939072 …
Why the GOP r perfectly happy at F'K'ing over the 99% of Hard-Working American families. "No remorse for People when Profits are the Prize."
Why's @CoryBooker always wear a WrestleMania face?
Noble yeah right looooooooooloool

What are the wait list stats for healthcare in these countries?
So you're saying rejoin the British commonwealth?
hate to say it, but if Cory's supporting MFA, it's likely to be vaporware
True, but his "brand" might apply pressure - I must have felt a vague blip of optimism - gone now
I'm at the end of my life, which was good, prosperous, challenged and fruitful...I have a one child! And I'm BLACK.....
Bravo!! I stand with you....common sense over nonsense!! We need a single payer, all covered HC system,   similar to the rest of the world!
And Scotland .  A friend just visited and fell.  She received free care, medicine and a cane when she was discharged.
Booker is a joke. Blows in the breeze with whatever hot topic will garner him votes #fakeoutrage
Um, believe you are the fake... bot 
@CoryBooker for President man that sounds good!
Yes.
You're on the empty promises bandwagon. I have one possible left. Joe Kennedy.
You are deceived by profiteering health insurance propaganda. Universal healthcare is possible, economical, moral. 
#EndtheInsuranceScam
It's the left version of repeal and replace of Obamacare. A lot of talk.
Liberty: The state of being free within society from oppressive restrictions imposed by authority on one's way of life, behavior etc
Speak
This country of love and empathy...and guns and God. I think you are mistaking. You guys have a lot of progress to do.
He's misjudged England.
Yes!!!!
Remember when Trump told the Australian Prime Minister how much better their healthcare was compared to the U.S.? 
here in Canada I once waited 13 hours because hospital had no doctors working the late shift the fuck is that
universal health care in Canada makes the hospitals fucking slow frend went in er waited 10hrs went home and died
So brave /S. Kinda hard to watch him ride the wave Bernie has working on his entire career.
We take care of our people...well...errr...the rich ones. Isn't that enough? #paulryan and #mitchmcconell think so.
This is the guy who voted just last January to support keeping higher pharmaceutical prices by banning re-imports.
Maybe tighten gun laws so there's not as many school shootings would be a good start to have a better education system
This is the "big  tent" Cory..unite US..but be prepared w/ the math.. you got the bandwidth to figure it out..
He has no clue! Health care sucks overseas.
Good! 
Now next time remember #England #Australia #Canada doesn't matter...its a principle of #Democracy running on #Ethics & not on #Money
sorry but Argentina has public healthcare too... just saying education too! no fee at all...
You're forgetting all 27 countries in the European Union ! We now have one card valid in E.U. Plus Switzerland (by accords).

Government money is not used properly to much nonsense spending. But I'm with you health care for everyone.
I agree
You sit just fine @CoryBooker
Remember when he was in New Jersey how helpful he was? He got to the Senate and just another politician
I live in Canada, I have family in Australia and the UK. Stop lying. Zip it until you do so.
Now make sure you don't water it down to be kind to the healthcare industry!!!
Then why don't you ALL MOVE THERE!!!!!
Bunch of neo liberal, corporate democrats, have no intention of supporting this bill.
Cory Booker is the man.
Then fix healthcare dont break it more
"This nation of love, compassion, & empathy" was BEFORE Trump took over the WH. 
Impeach his ass w/corrupt cronies, & we can get that back!
And that's why Canadians come here and to Mexico for their medical!
Absolutely I agree 100 %
Small point. It's not England, it is the United Kingdom.
Well, yeah....what's up with that shit? Ever see Sicko? We should be ashamed of urselves..
Love
So stand up!
and Austria and Germany and...
$36 trillion over 10 years.  Good luck paying for that train wreck.
Do you really think @CoryBooker will really fight for this?? It's convenient for him to sign on now. He speaks like a demagogue!!
I agree!
Your a socialist you want control over me and everyone else
But you can sit and vote against a bill that lowers drug prices for USA?
Can't be selling "things are better in Canada" card any longer. Things are bad here as well. Many of us have no doctor let alone health plan
It's just not for all ppl the ones with the nice donations and cushy jobs after politics ppl that's who 'they' look out for
They take care of ppl not all ppl only the rich super rich the ines that don't need so let's get that clear they do supply a level of care
I hope he's realy on board,  because if he pulls any backdoor BS he will never live it down.
"hold my beer"
Well Britain try's as the torys "Your republicans" are cutting the money to the NHS monthly to try to privatise it tories/republicans r £££
More countries than that France Switzerland Germany all do as well. We are behind the curve on this o e
Wow he looks like Keegan Michael Key, seriously
I sincerely hope this gains traction. Tired of having to pick and prioritize my family's healthcare due to high costs
Cory Booker could have sat with Canada so that US Citizens could have received there medicine for far less however he lined his own pockets
Ask them what their tax rate is!
Yeah, good for him. But like the rest of corporate Dems, they are licking their wounds, and still need to be replaced by people who want it.
He voted against the US getting much less expensive pharma from Canada. That hurt a lot of people. This is just a set up for POTUS run.
A
U.S differ vastly from others, since the Founding of our Repub. Be FORTHRIGHT. U can Fool some ppl sometime, but not all, all the time.
Then do something about it.Rhetoric doesn't pay medical bills.
You want to take care of children? How about you start by stopping abortion/infant murder! Be responsible, be accountable for your actions.
He needs to run for president
Especially since he voted against getting cheaper perscription drugs from Canada #hypocrite
You've been sitting all this time, so you can.
Hummmmmmm I might be for MedicareForAllI'm open if I'm wrong but dangthat's sure sounds like a solution for everyone
Go to Bernie's website and he explains it. I like what I saw!
U.K. Won't be for much longer if @TheresaMayPM @Conservatives have their way. We need @jeremycorbyn to ensure that
Can't say greatest country in the world anymore then. Just say holding on the best we can country
We want everything free and government run. Please lead us oh gov.
Having the gov decide if my baby gets treatment is not how I want my healthcare to go. Maybe you should be honest with the people
How ya gonna pay for that slick
The asshat couldn't take care of Newark when he was mayor. But he s gonna fix it. I wouldn't trust him at a monkey shitfight in the zoo.
And can still take big corporate donors' money.
He's got to chill a bit but still be mad.
I honestly want you guys to have single payer but be warned standards are low and service is bad on NHS for anything non emergency!
as a Canadian..I'm incredulous that USA doesn't have universal public healthcare we've had it since 1960s..vested interests lie to Americans
Damn! He is so right!  What makes anyone think that we should accept less?  Get used to poverty? NO!
Which country is he talking about? Cause that doesn't sound like the USA I know today...
Yeah well we don't even have marriage equality yet so we don't really look after all of our people tbh. + lots of racism here too.
Before you act. The grass is not greener on this side of the fence, Don't buy into to the socialist dream. It's really a nightmare...
I'm from Canada, our over burdened care system is killing our people. Wait times, space in hospitals & deaths. Outrageous costs. Think
Medicare for all will cost 100's of billions if not trillions of dollars, who is going to pay that? People who work. Those who dont get free
How will the U.S. Government fund this type of healthcare system, Senator Booker?
Siding with Sanders, who's not a democrat, instead of working to repair ACA. Done with this dude and his speeches.
He should move to one of those countries
Umm the uk dose a terrible job of looking after its people just saying..
So you support increase in taxes to pay for it. Or want is your solution?
This from the guy who did nothing for Newark.  And continues to do nothing for NJ.  Squandered funds from Facebook
Didn't he vote to prevent buying medications from Canada?
Cory, why do you think the rest of the UK ( Scotland etc) doesn't get NHS?  And what other program are the English getting?
Without the audio, all I can think of is Luther the anger translator.
If Australia, Canada, and England (UK) is so great .... where is the mass exodus from the USA??? No one is keeping you here!
You got that right, only 1% matter
What a phony baloney two faced liar.
I agree lets stop giving Israel 40b a yr. Paying for their universal health and pay for our own.
The US Republicans do not care.  Simple as that, vite them out or charge those you can, we need this to stop now
Commonwealth countries don't take of their citizens. Just look @theresa_may


Probably bc those countries are a much more strict when it comes to keeping illegal immigrants outta their country.
every one of us... it's so true. We're the luckiest in the world. From a Canadian.
Ahem, Britain or United Kingdom if you don't mind.  Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland say hello.
*even* Scotland mate.
And Wales and Ireland. And the North.
And pretty much all of Europe.
Yes but our conservitive government would like to ruin it for everyone.
This conservative government needs to achieve more for the indigenous community. Development of a social conscience wouldn't go amiss
It's not just England, it's also Scotland Ireland and Wales. In other words Great Britain or the UK.
We can do it.  Why can't the largest nation pull their heads out of their asses and get it done?
#Hypocrite - Sen. Booker.
P/1 #England does not take care of it's #children @MarkRuffalo childrens wards closed, child #poverty up, #education @ crisis point
P/2 Before quoting a country with a broken system do your research @MarkRuffalo
P/3  It really isn't difficult to find out what has happened in England under a Conservative party & Labour blue party @MarkRuffalo
The tories seem to get joy out of making lives worse. Red tories (Labour) do very little to stop it.
Booker saw that Primary train coming down the tracks. He must have got permission from his donors
England? Take care of the people? lol, this guy mustn't know the Tories.. Unless by 'people' he means 'rich'.
endorsement!
He got that wrong, the UN has trashed the UK government over disability discrimination! The only western Country to achieve this glowing
Man... For a second I thought that was Luther, Obama's anger translator. @KeeganMKey @BarackObama
And Spain...and Italy, and France, and etc....
Great sentiment. Please note that the United Kingdom, not just England, provides said health care
Technically its the UK not England ... i would choose other countries though .. for ex Sweden
... For now!
*United Kingdom/Britain/UK
England take care of all their people.?
@CoryBooker sat around doing NOTHING for YEARS all the while he was getting BACKHANDERS from Healthcare DONORS - Checks stopped have they?
Aw come on. @CoryBooker took big pharma money.
But yet you can sit and donate to a fellow democrat's legal fund who is indicted for fraud. You're just a stand up guy!
