BS why are you not working with @RandPaul  on #healthcare
Put it this way, any Senator who votes YES is a murderer and will be named and shamed as such. McCain is alive due to healthcare. Take away.
Where are you located, Australia? #GTFOH #shutupandsitdown
Yes in Australia...and your point being?
It's simple. You, and your opinion, are irrelevant.
Funny how u didn't care about our health care when u blocked the affordable meds vote.  I guess ur corporate sponsors r ok with this one.
Too, repeal can be done with an added end-by date which would force dems and GOP to work together in new plan. Compromise!
What about the 30 million that have been without ins long before Pres came to WH.
Because some of those 22 million may have to work for their healthcare?
As a cancer doctor I know how many lives Obamacare has saved. On the other hand TRUMPCARE WILL KILL PEOPLE!
What an utter load of CRAP!
Doesn't the govt run VA heath care & we know how well it work's so WHAT'S your plan?
I like this proverb. It's true.  wins in the end.  Hatred stirs up conflict, but love covers over all wrongs. Proverbs 10:12.
No it doesn't.  Sometimes even love is wrong. If you need help understanding that, then you aren't thinking hard.,
that nonsense only works on brainwashed  morons
Thank you Senator.  A constituent ftom NJ 
Huge misinformation on Obama Care NOT.   For one, millions pay the fine rather than go homeless, tip of iceberg with respect its problems
Sorry, that passe rhetoric no longer works.
@realDonaldTrump Fed up with Rep and Dem. Cuba gives free healthcare which means 3 to 6 months to see a doctor no medicine available f@k OC
How did people every survive before Obamacare? Oh, that's right.. they went to hospitals for care and didn't pay their bills. Idiots.
Some of us read ALL of the CBO report. Most just won't buy insurance without the mandate and IRS telling them to.
Yeah we get that it's no secret the people want it gone they voted so it would be repealed.  What's so hard to get about that. #MAGA
We've doctors, unable to get the help (doctors, meds,surgeries)my husband needs due to being on Ocare, all denied! Repeal and replace!
Untrue...Millions will not be FORCED to buy.
such bull, those are the people who finally can say no to purchasing insurance without penalty. socialism explained
A single payer health care system is not the answer. Here’s why in 90 seconds: 
Funny how u and other site 22 million when there is less than 12 mil on Obamacare. Inside fear much?  If u can't count get out of government
LIAR!
DemoNrat Fascist
Like who is riding the slippery slope... Wheeeeeee.... The world is going to end because a liberal scumbag declares it...
Everyone should have voted yes.  That is why they were elected.  The ones voting no should be voted out next election
Assistance with healthcare is a category 4 function of government=Acute Market Insufficiency Sometimes US learns the hard way @TheDemocrats
There are over 500 people with ALS in your state of New Jersey at any given time. We welcome you to learn more of their stories.
PREACH
You voted to block importing prescriptions from Canada.  You have failed the public.
Then maybe not so much with the hugging them in public possibly.
Sad thing corey is they are more interested in their careers than American people 95% of the GOP fits this description
I'd like too see the outcome when their senate seats come up for vote. I bet their constituents will continue to vote for them.
Says Senator Benedict Arnold who votes with Republicans when any attempt is made to stop drug company pricing cartels
It's a break moment for you Dems...repeal is on the horizon, and then tax cuts..then the wall 
Your next moral moment ..  Bob Mueller needs to be fire proofed from Trump .. NOW
My #WhiteHouse friend said that #JeffSessions is considering resigning before week's end. #Trump and #Bannon have threatened him. #resist
Yes!
All you're doing is trying to block everything our president is trying to do. #VOTEHIMOUT
You're full if BS. Are you on Obamacare insurance? You have no clue what you're talking about.
Guess ur not worried about the 30 million that ARE hurting because Obama LIED, and u aholes swear to it. Lost Doctor, plan, coverage.
Truth!!!!
Destabilizing our healthcare market by repealing the ACA is unconscionable.
Why not make it legal for anyone to purchase insurance for anyone else? Then you and Congress and your donors can fork up your own money.
Resist because it's working for you 
The mistake Democrats are making is thinking the @GOP has a moral compass, care about the people. They are corrupt & took a knee to Trump.
Finally, we will be free from being forced and bullied, by threats of jail and fines, from buying the horrible, craven Ocare scheme.
Every one should repeal oduma care for it will emplode very soon

#NoRepeal of ACA. Your neighbors, friends, & family could be harmed. Call your Senators...now...please. https://youtu.be/yHxkmcu9Y40  via @YouTube

We the people. We will be heard. We I'll have the last word. 2018 we will vote!
Ayşe Kaya just gave a birth & Police waiting outside by the door for her arrest at Eslife Private Hospital in Esenyurt Istanbul Turkey
Are you worried about the Medicaid people. There are so many on Medicaid who could get out and work. Obama made it so easy for the lazy ones
You democrats are such liars. This healthcare bill will help millions.  You democrats are always telling lies and you scare people.
You mean horrible healthcare that became so unaffordable that it collapsed on its own.  Shame on you
You are lying Cory. My goal is to see you removed from office by Christmas
Please. Do the right thing for the good of the people regardless of party affiliation.
My senator, Marco Rubio, is nothing but an ass kissing, wannabe who never worked a day in his life in the private sector.
When you took 300,000 in lobbyist money from Big Pharma, were you worried about "the common folk"?
And yet you hug and cheer for a man voting to do exactly that.
Worse than that by far. Why do you think they wont score it with CBO. Wait till those w/ Employer insurance find they were shafted.
You have the same amazingly evil look as your mother does
Nobody talks more nonsense in the Senate than Corey Booker.
Not even John McCain.
THIS IS A BLATANT LIE.
#HealthcareBill #MAGA #TRUMP #ACA
No 22 million people won't be forced to buy insurance that they don't want or need

I declare THIS Congress to be a prexisting condition.
Defuse the timebomb Obama set on our economy! The Islamic Terrorist in Chief wanted to destroy Americas economy so the 4th Reich takes over
WRONG! Betrayed #TrumpDemocrats stand w/ @POTUS! #VAXXED #SB277 @GovPressOffice @TheDemocrats @CAgovernment @CADeptEd
@CoryBooker just for a moment i think we can all wish @SenJohnMcCain 's cancer was virulently contagious... bootlicking hack
@ChelseaClinton why, bc young healthy adults will drop out after mandate is dissolved...you know that, so stop lying!
You mean die, not just be hurt.
Nursing homes will be hit hard, watch for layoffs big time!  60 % of people in nursing homes are on Medicaid
Well, now what? Mike Pence was the deciding vote to move forward, how do we stop this? HELP!!!
THEY. DONT. FUCKING. CARE.

it's about a political win. fuck the GOP forever.

You're own father said this bill was "the craziest thing in the world"
Yes they will be "hurt" with the CHOICE not to purchase without gov'mint fine - that's what that estimate represents.
Well, they just Did!
Hahahahaha. He's trying to kill your constituents, but you hug him?
Truly a moral moment.
One did, McCain, & you thought it appropriate to hug him. Hah
You damn well better back #MedicareForAll. That's all we have, sir.
There are already millions hurt from Obamacare. Any senator who votes no should be voted out of office
Same thing they should have done with Obamacare what a mess Booker your also part of the problem bring people together fix it !!!!!!
Sir,could you please answer this question? Would you support random drug testing for all elected officials? And When I say all,I mean ALL.
It's clear: lining their pockets > constituents, party > Country. Republicans who vote in favor cannot call themselves "pro-life".
And should begin the process of entering the private sector. Maybe these elected positions should become unpaid with no benefits?
How can they vote on something that they haven't read?  Oh wait, it's the GOP.
The spin and guilt being used in this phrasing, quite manipulative. ACA isn't perfect, many families hurt by it. Are they forgotten?
Hurt, then bankrupt when they get sick.
And 2018 is coming fast if you love That cushy job, because we will remember in 2018 but you go ahead and vote yes SEE U Soon
The @GOP are terrorists. More damage to America & Americans than ISIS with a yes vote.
LIE: 16 MIIL of that are being forced to buy INS and will choose not to.
Takes it down to about 1% of the US Population.  Ways to Help them!
But what will become of your old pal T-Bone?
Keep helping the people, Senator Booker.  The country needs heroes not lemmings.
Please regulate the Healthcare companies. CEOs should NEVER make millions off the premiums of people & deny basic healthcare. #NoCompassion
Called my senators, both Republican, to ask them to vote No. We shouldn't weaken America by putting millions in health jeopardy.
We the people, stand 100% behind your Health Care #Pro #involvement!
Also close to 2 million health care jobs could be lost and rural hospitals will close decimating towns and tax bases.
And that their rich Republican friends will be wealthier at the expense of the poor and vulnerable
It will affect all 324 million Americans b/c insurance companies will set pricing and standards for med care for Corporate Policies too.
So sad.. Louisiana & will be in a literal tailspin! TY for your wisdom, and compassion, Sen. Booker! ing @BillCassidy @SenJohnKennedy
A tailspin created by Obama and stupid liberal policies!
我想得到你爸爸妈妈的帮助让我自由？我想拿到美国签证
No it's the only chance for a clean start for something better.
@ConniePillich
 #WomeninLeadership #WomenRepublicans #WomenDemocrats
#WomensHealth #ChildrensHealth #SaveACA  #Resist #Cruelty
@SueShiny
@SenateGOP Please think long & hard about voting 4 this cruel, catastrophic bill @SenCapito @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain #BeKind #SaveACA
Spoken like a true obstructionist
@SenJohnMcCain Senator McCain....without insurance, who could afford the treatment that you get? Don't tell us we aren't worth it. Vote NO.
Yes, it is, Senator Booker. And we, the people, will be taking notice of who does what.
Your the biggest hypocrite ever you and your party are lost.
Bigger than that. They've decided that facts don't matter, ethics and norms don't matter. It's politics. Win at human cost.
So they're choice is: Hurt 22m people or be 'Odd Man Out' in the eyes of this President. We shall see 
Did republicans see this? Can you take it to the floor Cory
And then they must give up their medical insurance as well
They don't care.
How can Senators put rich over the needy and politics over country!
WE KNOW. Now tell the people in the offices around you.
Why don't you resist foo-l?
@GOP is still propagating the LIE that most ''don't want coverage anyway.'' Those who don't buy it can't AFFORD IT! #EXgop
https://youtu.be/t7TNVnUXgxo   how about USA/UK claim integrity of own laws and defeat treason to save the world from corporate fiction TREASON
How long must we be subjected to this homegrown terror taking away our healthcare.  Every week, it's just constantly terrorizing us! SICK
50 million. There are 28.5 who have no insurance today, under the current plan

Medicare for all
Works so well in Europe, and if you want socialized medicine, why don't you move to a country that has it? It's just $500 for an airline tix
VOTE NO ON THE HEALTHCARE REPEAL VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO
Why?
Its on them. Karma
Sanità siciliana mi ha reso invalido volontariamenteentre siciliani infettano suolo americano
ACA removed lifetime CAP's, Individual-market plans cannot discriminate against people with pre-existing conditions
Are you sharing this with repub senators???
Keep speaking out for us!  Without your voice we do not have a chance in hell of winning this fight!
McConnel says the vote is to bring it to the floor for debate, is this something you could vote for?
撤走身后人员,给我美国签证
Making healthcare great again starts with #RepealObamacare
Did any of these groups  listed here have lobbyists? Because that seems to be the only thing I can tell that gets a politician's attention.
Thank you Senator for fighting for us! #VoteNo #SaveACA
Dems and Reps will never work together again. Trump exploited the DC disfunction caused by 8 yrs of Jr., and 8 yrs of racial obstruction
Sad thing is, they don't care except for THEIR BIG TAX CUTS.
The largest obstacle to affordable health care is the for-profit structure that keeps costs climbing.
No, it's Medicare and Medicaid fraud in the system. Zero competition across state lines!

Joey, you're so intelligent GIF's for debating ppl, boy your parents did well!
@SenJohnMcCain My husband's life is worth something. He is my prince and my daughter's hero. He also has a pre-existing condition. #SaveACA
Whether in the strictly legal definition, or not, a "Yes" vote = premeditated murder-this from an avowed "pro-lifer" contingent. Inhumane.
Thank you for standing up for us!
Republican's overlords told them in no uncertain terms there would be no money if they don't rip hc from millions.
Please place tinfoil hat back on head, take the medication in your medicine cabinet and take a nap!
#Putinbot
Are you 5 years old?
How can those that vote yes, call themselves American? Is in humane! No way to treat people! NO WAY!
That's without adding in hospitals that will be shut down and the jobs that will be lost. This bill will DEVASTATE communities.
How?
Anyone who votes YES won't have a job in 2018

And I am proud to know that my Senators are voting "NO" Thank you!
Thank you for being a voice for the people!  My senator!!!
and 17 million of those will choose not to pay for it #misleading

Cory Booker is a fraud.
Cory I've known you for decades - TRUMPCARE IS AWFUL
Made this spreadsheet w/ local office #s of house/senate to use if D.C. voicemail or lines are busy. CALL LOCAL!!!
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aNTEvz2N5il81uN5O18zEkvYVWAo9O-ObSS6akdBRuI/pubhtml# …
Excellent work!
Thanks! Honored to do my part.
