THANK YOU.
thank you for protecting American students and educators by voting against @BetsyDeVos @usedgov
We will go from no child left behind to so many left behind! Please stop her!
I am glad you changed your mind about about her
Good job Senator Booker!
hey Cory, way to sell out to big pharma! Solid effort!
A little off topic there Deplorable. We are getting used to the deflection.
#Salty
Especially for Deplorable Steve.
you afraid that real educations will eliminate dems and libs like you
Thank you for opposing #DeVos - she is not right for ALL America's children.
Thank you Sen. Booker.
she doesn't have answers- she bought her way to the top and will destroy public education
thank you
Thank you.
Thanks for your leadership, your integrity
thank you!! She's unqualified and questionable! 
#2020bookerruns
I'm selfish just like Republicans!!! As long as he does good for me! Like trump 4 u!!
Dillon go away you little twit! Come back when you know something! 420 asshat!
let me know when u move out of your parents basement, when you pay ur own bills and stop ♡ing 420. #gtfoh
But you love her really. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h67RLFpT82I … #hypocrisy #FakeProgressive @jimmy_dore
Thank you!
She couldn't even answer the questions. Another one not qualified!
Thank you, sir.
she contributed hugely tommy campaign and is given this role as a repayment. Winning
she's no for our children
Thank you sir! We need our reps to stand up for us and block Betsy, T. Price & S. Pruitt!
got that right. She wants to do to schools what Black Water did to Iraqi civilians.
Thank you for standing up for what is right.
stand with your 55 brothers and sisters. Stand for us not for yourself. We vote
Everyone knows Booker is a "racist",  so a "No" vote is to be expected!
Surprise Surprise. If she was a democrat you would be praising her! 100% hypocrisy!
Thank you! Hope my senators do the same. cc: @SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin
Thank you Senator Booker!
"will not be voting to confirm her" (and I'm a Republican - in South Dakota!) Liked u since Daily Show
AND? WE'RE SHAKING IN OUR BOOTS. NOT.
Sir, you are all over the place, praise Sessions then blast sessions, now Mrs Devos. Awful
Thank God you won't be voting in favor of DeVos. Her ignorance of IDEA is frightening!
I dunno Cory she might write you a cheque, then this tweet might get awkward.
Arrogant Dutch Mafia moll. She'll do to US schools what her family did to Flint's water.
I
Good, as she has no understanding of public schools or IDEA. Job needs to be filled by a highly qualified educator.
Good! She, obviously, has a poor understanding of the public school systems
thank you Senator Booker.  Mrs. Devos, you are a threat to my children.
thank you for your integrity!!!
With a GOP majority, she will be confirmed along with all the others.
please vote no! She is a disaster!
proud of @CoryBooker!
Thank you.
Cory Booker nobody wants your damn support
Please go beyond voting NO & help to convice other senators to do the same. Protect IDEA.
- thank you for your promise to vote against unqualified @BetsyDeVos for secretary of @usedgov
congratulations many people have serious concerns about you....
she's CLEARLY unqualified , got enough of that already
@joannesmoot @CoryBooker @BetsyDeVos @usedgov (that will look good on my presidential resume, right? Right?)
@realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan THANK YOU! Totally unqualified! Shameful!
Thank you for standing up for democracy!
@MelissaKreitzer @CoryBooker @BetsyDeVos @usedgov everyone that watched saw she is clueless- my god what a train wreck
THANK YOU! This should be a clear NO across party lines. #notqualified
don't vote for anyone Booker,remain partisan
Thank You. As a retired special educator, I was appalled at her ignorance of IDEA
Leadership! Thank You.
Thank you for supporting the interest of children and educators #donotconfirmbetsydevos
YOU ARE A GOOD MAN!
Thank you Senator Booker for your "No" vote!
Well done. Thank you
Wtf are we doing? For the love of God, can we get JUST ONE qualified nomination?!
hate to break it to you but charter schools and vouchers are not the answer to the problem
I hope some Republicans agree. Totally unprepared and dangerous to public education
we dont care. We dont have kids ha
Cory, why do Democrats hate Charter Schools? Poor deserve a chance like u had in the burbs
Thank you Sen. Booker on behalf of every child and educator in our country for not supporting Betsy Devos!
you still won't be POTUS. You're  just another member of the lunatic fringe.
http://www.usnews.com/news/politics/articles/2016-12-06/math-a-concern-for-us-teens-science-reading-flat-on-test … 12/6/2016 - Declining US math scores, science/reading stagnant.
08721 here. TU for voting No to unqualified DeVos. Disaster for spec. needs, poor kids!
Course U do, did U think U had the People fooled?"Peter Principle"your as high as U can go
I'm really worried. Please help fight for our kids. Especially in NJ schools
Thank you Senator Booker!  Public education matters!
Thank you!
Thank you 
words so weak and feckless, not even classifiable as sound and fury. Go away Mr. Wall Street.
Thank you, she is not qualified in so many ways..
and I have serious concerns for someone who bolted Newark quickly when greener pastures arose . So liberal it's Un American
Of course you don't, educated kids might turn republican
which side of your lying mouth did you use for this bullshit? She owns you like Amway soap
can she even read?
Thank you!
no man is an island. Choose your future carefully. In a few weeks you will start too see
: Thank you Senator! DEVos is supremely unqualified for this office.
Good decision.   
really I remembered you  on tv years ago for good education what happened ??
oh yeah politics
SHE HAS NO EXPER. IN REAL TRENCHES LIKE REAL CERTIFIED TEACHERS! #ButReallySeemedKind #ALM
if you didn't then the voters will have serious concerns about you!
you should not be in Washington
Thank you!
Thank you Senator...she doesn't care about our children's education. #NoDeVos
Corrupt,dishonest and mediocre politician @TheDemocrats @katyperry @FoxNews @CNN @thehill
from a citizen and teacher, thank you for your "no" vote.
Love to see you take the lead against this dangerous nominee! NJ students count on you!
As a public high school teacher, I watched in horrid fascination. Thank you Senator Booker, for standing up to this!
GOOD. Keep up the good work
You're nothing but a political pawn at this stage. A hack. And a very bad 'actor'. Fake.
. Everybody should be terrified of her being in that position

Thank God !!
don't worry Cory booker your vote doesn't count.
Will you actually describe those concerns?
BABBLING BOOKER IS BACK AND WE HAVE CONCERNS WITH HIS MICROMORONIC THOUGHT PROCESS
thank you Senator Booker...DeVos is not qualified for this position. #realDonaldTrump
Thank you! She's frighteningly unqualified and dangerous.
I share those same concerns, Sen. Booker.
.@SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker @usedgov Did u have serious concerns before or after serving w/ @BetsyDeVos on the AFC privatization board?
thank you!
She must be great if you dont like her!
have serious concerns for someone who believes charter schools should not be accountable
Agree.  Hearing was telling.
Thank you.
Good,  we  all have concerns
Thank you Sen Booker. Hopefully you can convince some Republicans to do the same
you lost all credibility in the Sessions hearing. No one cares what you say anymore.
thank you for not voting to confirm her.
thank you for supporting Public Education
Thank you.
Thank you.  Please use your powers of persuasion to get some Republicans
do you also have concerns about not supporting people being able to afford their meds? SEEMS NOT
Stay strong & true to your values even as far left attacks you
her work with MI schools should be enough to end this nomination. She has been a disaster.
I was not impressed, refused to answer simple questions, saved by @SenAlexander...why?
thank you Sen. Booker for your commitment to the American people..
I am relieved you have "serious concerns." Would prefer "absolute outrage" and "adamant opposition"
Din't...because she was selected by a #Narcissist   #Narcissist   #Narcissist  #Narcissist
Thank you, Senator  @CoryBooker. She's not qualified.
Wow and that's a shock. You're a nothing in society, a total left wing hack.
SERIOUS CONCERNS! Uniquely unqualified Uniquely unqualified Uniquely unqualified
thank you, Senator Booker.
she should be ashamed of her lack of knowledge around special education.  #notqualified
Thank you Senator!  Urging you to also vote against Pruitt
she brings a different set of priorities to the @usedgov not the union & we need transparency 
Thank you for voting no and for the future of the nation's youth.
Thank you! I taught in Ironbound= St. James School =year they tore down church, and in E Orange, NJ.
@1Azooo @CoryBooker @BetsyDeVos @usedgov thank you!!
good, she made a mockery of the confirmation hearing
Still trying to figure out how you will explain your vote against prescription imports at lower costs..
Thank goodness.
#Booker2020
Public schools are f--ked until charter parents realize George Wallace is smiling down on them.
Thank u Sir!
Thank you! As a teacher her lack of knowledge re: basic educational civil rights-disgrace
you sir I am worried about you!! Turning against a man you praised and stood beside of.
hies it feel to be useless?
doesn't really matter because you're outnumbered.
glad to hear it!  Many of his noms present a clear and present danger!
No surprise there! We wouldn't expect you to do what is best anyways!
thank you for voting against the candidate so obviously unqualified
thank you
What took you so long? @SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker @BetsyDeVos @usedgov
$$$$, 2020.
Yeah
Vote NO!
your vote on importing drugs spoke volumes about where you really stand.
we have concerns about you because you're a pharma sellout
Nay vote expected from you..Betsy win & you ain't gonna be President!
As an educator I appreciate your stance on DeVos.
you never say what those concerns are. You tow the party line but you're still a charter school dirtbag.
thanks! At this point I'm not sure ANY of PEOTUS's nominees are qualified but DeVos is top of the list
very concerning that you served on her .org and share VERY similar views!
you are right, don't vote for her. She has no concept of the variances in education
thank you for not voting for her!  Not qualified!
As a teacher I want someone as head of Ed Dept who at least likes public schools
Found it! Betsy DeVos identifies the real gun danger in schools!
Wow, big surprise.
Thank you, Senator Booker!!
Thank you!
It's like interviewing a goat for the job of gardener.

@BetsyDeVos @usedgov
Thank you. Mr. Price also.
Thank You!!
Term Limit!!!!!!
Sen. Booker, you obviously won't be voting 4 any Republican. Not Biased?
so is there anyone that you will be saying yes too
President Trump has a phone and a pen and will use it as Obama did.
Doesnt matter 
She will be confirmed
Just continue embarrassing yourself
Thank you! she clearly is just trying to buy a job then be prepared for one
imagine that
Thank you. @AnneRiceAuthor @CoryBooker @BetsyDeVos @usedgov
You're concerned about asthma? What about your vote for big pharma? #hypocrite
when do you vote
hey @BobLeahyJr Booker gets the pink one!
you are a serious concern. @BobLeahyJr @realDonaldTrump For you and your friends.
Love it!  Democrats are making me sick whining all day!
You & me both but money talks. Thank you for your no vote.
To be fair, you also have serious problems with Americans being able to afford medicine.
why would u! I never understand why dems insists on continuous use of failed policy. #MAGA
thank you!   this proud public educated public educator!  #NJEA
