you have my full support but please know the only way we could afford my husband's life essential medicine was from Canada.1/2
His insurance dropped it so our $30 copay went up to $1100/mo. His blood sugar was in 400's before we could get the rx here2/
from Canada and he was almost blind from his sugar being too high. Permanent damage to his feet Bc of this. Plz fight against 3/
the greed of insurance and pharm companies. Our lives depend on it. Thank you! You are awesome and appreciated. /4
cont'd: Whoops- forgot. Same exact drug from Canada? $72 for 90 day supply. This is life changing for us. Thank you. /5
I feel for you. But please don't thank him. He directly voted for pharma profits over stories like yours.
I'm thanking for his courage yesterday in testimony against Sessions, ?'s for Tillerson& listening to my story.
You may be able to fool some HRC supporters, but we did what we were told to do, our research. We won't vote for you in 2020
I would support him and not your white Saviour bernie sanders.
If you like corporate whores who take bribes at the expense of the underprivileged, that is on you. @norbert4baka
He gets the second most from Wall Street and votes accordingly. Only McConnell gets more. So yes, Corporate whore. Wake up. @NeinFuhrerTrump
So you can't come up with one logical response. Very good, you just admitted that Sen. Booker is a corporate whore.
I would like a link to be able to share and I can't find one. It is what they did to Hillary
this is unnecessary as you well know Canada's drug approval process is FAR MORE STRINGENT that our corporate sham of a FDA.
Senator, if you don't renew the push for importing CAN drugs, your presidential ambitions will die, just like that amendment.
Liberals will not let this go, trust me.
can you please search out a journalist who will fairly cover this? You are getting smeared and it will matter in the long run
Canada is not a 3rd world country.  People need access to affordable medication.  People are following the trail of money.
The trail of money from pharmaceutical companies to senators who cast pro-pharma votes is troubling.
you GO, Cory! Behind you all the way! #SaveAmerica
DEMS hating on @CoryBooker is disgraceful. The day after the man is 1st ever sitting Senator to testify against another Senator.
No one is ever going to let you forget about this, Corey. DO THE RIGHT THING, stop taking money from pharma and get this passed.
I can see you as our President one day .
can you be specific on why that amendment was important, @CoryBooker. to the layman (myself) it feels a lot like big pharma double speak.

How much does your Super Pac pay you to maintain damage control?
More words and hot air.  You are being watched.
Sure...  You are a complete and utter sellout.
.@CoryBooker Booker, you voted to WEAKEN the FDA standards last month - Quit lying. Didn't you see where that got Clinton? & gave us Trump?
meets standards.. really, canada doesn't have good enough standards.  Most of these drugs are made in the United States anyways!
Please follow thru on this! Love you & have been singing your praises-this vote is making it hard to defend you to conservatives
@SenBookerOffice @lukerebecchi love ya ;)
bullshit. @MartinHeinrich
@SenBobCasey @TheDemocrats @SenateDems #PharmaBros #Booker2020
No excuse to join GOP to screw Bernie...
So sick of the lot of you. Meds made in Canada are 100% safe & u know it. Enjoy your taxpayer funded healthcare and pharma $$.
How do we trust your word, with you in Big Pharma's pocket?
@lukerebecchi https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tu32CCA_Ig&sns=em …
I guess all those hundreds of thousands of dollars in donation money from big pharm had nothing 2 do with your vote, right?
Cory Booker you better! This is ridiculous.  @CoryBooker
still waiting!!!!!!
your vote down is disappointing drug companies have sabotaged this for years. your financial support from pharma is showing
I will be watching closely to make sure you either introduce or vote in favor of such an amendment. Was disappointed in you.
stick with bernie dont go against him man!
@SenBookerOffice @lukerebecchi You're blowing it
Does anyone not see how these are related? Keep this up #Dems in Congress & you'll soon be defunct with or without #RussiaHacking #Pharma13 
I'm Canadian and you messed up on this vote. The sanders amendment was what you needed to support millions were supporting it.
@lukerebecchi I call BULLSHIT on your excuse. Will be watching to see what you do in the reconciliation. #WeareWatchingYou
really? Consumer protection? You forgot we are not foolish to fall for this line. You should have done what was right
Don't dare tell me your vote had anything to do with the safety of Canadian drug imports
@SenBookerOffice @lukerebecchi hows that amendment coming along?
too sold out to quit. Stick a fork in yourself yer done
It's not like the FDA is so reliable. A leader re-examines his stance in the light of enormous disagreement.
he killed it, DO you think we can't read, Welcome to the digital age
I really thought you was a progressive, you lost all respect and a vote from me! #FeelTheBern

@lukerebecchi https://twitter.com/rattle_sssnake/status/819635132307017729 …
don't believe you.
You voted against lower drug prices? Why Cory???
good to know this. I believe you have all Americans best interests at heart. Thank you for your honest explanation.
seriously it's like watching a tangible evil spreading like a stain on the world. All I keep thinking is how! How!
We'll be watching 2 C if you follow thru. Just know that for many progressives you sound pretty fake right now. #DINO
@lukerebecchi I hope you do fight for it, but America is watching now. Your actions will determine our support.
Explain the Wyden Amendment Senator that u used as a excuse to vote this down! If u can't then it's just that an excuse!
Explain the Wyden amendment u talk about! It sounds like a well-worn tactic to mislead public! Drugs in Canada R Made here!
Cory if you really want reform will you deny all contributions from the pharmaceutical lobbyist until this is passed?
Thanks for the anti-Sessions testimony. Shame on you for this vote. Please fix it!
IF U and REPUBS R receiving $ from BIG PHARMA U should b restricted from voting on anything to do with drugs #conflitofinterest
You, sir, are scrambling to back out of a big mistake.  We will not forget when the next election comes around.
Hey DEMS and REPUBS how's your HC? U PINHEADS KEPT YOUR DOCTORS and YOUR HEALTHPLAN! #DRAINTHESWAMP #TERMLIMITS
Hey DEMS and REPUBS! I want your healthcare! The Cadillac Plan courtesy of the TAXPAYERS!!! #termlimits #draintheswamp!!!
DEMS and REPUBS have no plan to improve HC because u r all CLUELESS! MAKING and VOTING on LAWS FOR PEOPLE THAT DON"T AFFECT U!
Be beholden to the american public. In uncertain times such as these we look to people like yourself to continue the good fight.
...Embarrassing. By Canada has no concern over safety?? Please.... So disappointing.
By when will this be done.
@SenBobCasey @SenToomey   #TERMLIMITS! #DRAINTHESWAMP!
@SenBookerOffice @lukerebecchi Well 24 hours no info on what your plans to fight Big Pharma are because You Have None Liar Liar
How will u do it? Without having to give back contributions from BIG PHARMA U!! and SOME REPUBS given! Seriously! what MALARKEY!
I do not buy this excuse, you could have made adjustments after the vote passed, so very disappointed in you
what standards were not met?
No you won't. That would make your corporate donors upset. Corporate donors > the people. Every time
Shame on you Senator for voting with Big Pharma and against the American people.  You're in Big Pharma's pocket.
@SenBookerOffice Until you come at us with something good though, your name is tarnished, fair or not. I believed in you.
I still want to. But this could have been a bipartisan victory. Instead it's another disappointment.
this is why Dems keep losing -- because it's weird that the only dems with these worries are also pharma funded
when Trump is rightfully saying drug costs are killing us and this is how you vote why should working people...
believe that democrats are in their corner? How do we rebuild a winning coalition with votes like these?
it's all well and good to say you are going to do something soon, but until you do, why should we trust you?
like I said, I want to believe. I want nothing more than to eat these angry words. But we need action.
@lukerebecchi https://twitter.com/danscavino/status/818886391648161796 … phony
"I feel blessed & honored to have partnered w/ Senator Sessions in being the senate sponsors in this important award."
Senator Cory Booker 
Thank you for having this conversation here. Very helpful.
All the recognition and admiration you gained by testifying against Sessions, gone in an instant.  You are bought like the GOP.
how much money has big pharma given you?? Lost my respect. All you've ever done, down the drain.
Lying cheating corporate Democrats like you are worse than Republicans. Millions of us progressives will NEVER forget this vote!
Wyden Amendment is a farce and you know it. Stop trying to gaslight people. I thought you were a ray of hope but no.
You'll fight to make sure you get re-elected by making donors happy and taking their cash again next election cycle. Watch.
very disappointed in your pharma vote. Canada is as 'safe' as it gets. Keep fighting the Cabinet BizaroWorld!
yeah because pharma money lines your pockets. Keep it up and you'll lose your seat.
@SenBookerOffice @lukerebecchi Big Pharma sellout! SAD! I had hope for you in 2020. Nexxxxxt!
#getthebookout https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEAB9aXXcwU … Sad sad sad sad sad sad. Wothless Republicrat.
Excuses won't save you if you keep up this centrist republican-lite trend. Wake up and smell the public outrage
Even republicans like Ted Cruz agree that medication should be imported to financially benefit us. Why is this so difficult?
When will that happen, and how will you do it? It's kind of hard to trust someone who takes so much money from big pharma.
why dont you just admit you are a sellout?
@lukerebecchi I'm sure theres no relation to the fact that you receive 100s of thousands of dollars from pharm companies...
but can make up ground by 2018.  We need to not tear party apart; instead stop the GOP from harming ACA, and middle class as a whole. (2/2)
Sen, I look fwd to you grabbing this issue and running with it.  Good progs, such as you, and both WA Sens shot selves in the foot (1/2),
Thank you!
. u voted against it cuz you receive Big Pharma $.  Bernie supporters are holding your feet to the fire #Disappointed
@lukerebecchi FAKE PROGRESSIVE.
Didn't you praise Sen Sessions in February? I think you did, I just watched it. You are a liar!
@SenBookerOffice you sir are clearly a sell-out 2 big Pharmaceutical! There is no reason for you to do what you did #hypocrite$$
@SenBookerOffice WHAT ARE YOU DOING? Canadians aren't dropping dead from their scripts. Go 2 Canada. C what they're doing. Shame
Very good point. The 21st Century now guarantees faster less regulations in approving drugs.
@SenBookerOffice Democrats keep failing us bcuz u don't vote 2gether. Why vote against them? It had no chance of passing anyway.
corporate shill
@lukerebecchi dangerous epi pens eh? You've lost my vote for 2020, big pharma has you bought.
You need to get this done. I've been a Democrat all my life, but if you kill this, I will oppose you fiercely. WHO ARE WE?
you get it passed THEN fine Tune it. Talk is cheap, I believe voting records over rhetoric.
You take over 250k from big pharma. We. Dont. Trust. You.
nop cuz he just paid to keep us sick and poor
@lukerebecchi you're a fraud. #nevercorybooker 
https://www.facebook.com/TYTpolitics/videos/1802842816630092/ …
Senator, you'd better meet this commitment - by voting against amendment you took ownership of this issue.
I have been a huge supporter before this vote. I will hold you to fixing this, or you won't have my vote in 2020.
You need to work with @SenSanders and make this happen NOW.
@lukerebecchi Senate works less than the French,time 2 put on your big boy pants & earn your money.Skip lip service go 2 work!
@lukerebecchi You & the Democrat Senate own Obama care.Republicans will not own it this is the Dems problem .Trump will fix it!
@lukerebecchi really hard to believe a single word you say right now.  Really, really hard.  Like impossible. #MidtermsAreComing
You seem like a nice guy, but times have changed, You being a corporate hack means that you are done !
I'm pretty sure the 300k big pharma gave you the real reason. We're on to you. Faking the funk on progressive values.
Shame on you and the other dems who voted down @SenSanders Pharmaceutical bill last night. That big pharma $$$
Do you have a statement on the drug amendment vote or just tweets? thx!
Stop the bullshit. We know how much big pharma has contributed to you. You're bought and betrayed @BernieSanders efforts.
Btwn 2010-2016 you have received $267,338 frm pharmaceutical companies. But yeah, I'm sure it's all about safety.
So you are saying Bernie and the dems and repubs that voted yea were wrong?
Is Canada really suffering from an epidemic of unsafe prescription drugs? What makes Canadian imports unsafe exactly?
@SenBookerOffice @lukerebecchi guess the Pharma pacs have been a pretty source of  for you, huh?
keep fighting we the people need u. #wontstopfighting
Look at all the idiots that don't realize this man put money over human lives because of his own investments. R u that slow?
@lukerebecchi If you have a plan,damn it run yourself!Jersey Shore,check yourself 
@SenBookerOffice @lukerebecchi @BernieSanders OUR COUNTRY URGENTLY NEEDS THIS NOT TO FALL THROUGH.
Sellout.  Damage control much?  We saw who you really are.  You are done as far as higher office is concerned.
@lukerebecchi like the amendment you voted against
I'll prob die first.
Dude, you've done nothing in the Senate but sell out. Don't run in 2020. No one likes you. You'll destroy the Party even more.
benedict booker, you have been bought and we have to pay the price. thanks for nothing.
THANK YOU! Please keep fighting.
can you run for president in 2020 please. I mean you're actually qualified!
U R awful.
@lukerebecchi Thank you for explaining. Really helps!
I'm so afraid.  So very, very fearful.
We will be holding you to this
Thank you for your answer.
It shouldnt be too hard to create a better amendement than Bernie's, with bi-partisan support.
You're not fooling anyone.
You're a corporatist sellout Cory.
Twitter won't forget come reelection time.
Do you folks on the Hill not see the Russian and white sup infusion.Going on here .Talk to people besides me but sir we are being taken over
@lukerebecchi Late in the night. POOR people working 14 hour days probably won't be impressed by this Cory
Unless PhRMA comes through with another 5-figure check for you, right, @CoryBooker?    
@bleu_ruby
Sir, after the senate's repeal vote last night I am losing what remains of my faith in government. Can you please address this information?
I'm going to do everything I can to ensure you never are a candidate in 2020 #feelthebern
~ FB groups to oppose the future aspirations of Sen. Pharma are popping up like crazy.
A lot of people are up in arms that you voted no on Bernie Sanders medication price amendment, can you explain to them why?
why do you kiss the feet of Pharma?
Please fight to save ACA
@lukerebecchi thank you for taking time to address these concerns
Thank you Senator.
Please consider things like biologic and anti-rejection drugs, which tend to be needed to live but are wicked expensive. TY :-)
