Clearly @realDonaldTrump has not seen the tragic @nytimes photos exposing Duterte's savage war on drugs campaign:
Not our business.
If ur only sources r d paid garbage media then ur so pitiful. Hav ur staff do some research if ur 2 lazy 2 do it.
And doing nothing on the economy. Mobile coverage still worst AND most expensive in Asia
the opposition [LP] successfully painting Duterte as a madman// #expertise #PR
Because if America will let Trump, he'll use the same strategy on his own people.
Duterte (Trump of the Philippines) death squads
affirm alliance... 7000 killings
http://endingcannabisprohibition.yuku.com/topic/2068 
I see it slipping threw our cracks Mr Booker..Police ,Military Race Based Groups, all overly supported like russia.
Duterte’s government is murdering people in the Streets w/ no trial?  That's #FakeNews
I am a Filipino. Duterte's government IS murdering people in the streets with no trial. The airheads denying that are PAID TO TWEET THAT
And ur 100% sure it's just him? Pretty sure some where killed by those who don't want to be named drug lords or protector
A Senator condemning someone w/out proof or evidence is no better than Nigger pulled by a Tractor
A wicked job. The best thing that he can do is to #ResignDuterte .
At least he did something  unlike others barking and running away
Thank you Sir. Duterte is a minority Pres at 39% w an online troll army spreading fake news. PHL inflation up, GDP down, martial law looms
Duterte does all these barbaric things because of enablers like Trump, Xi, and Putin. Gahd! What a band they make!
But you Sen. Booker, love Iran and the PLO who are doing even worse!!!
these 16M filipinos who voted for him live in Philippines & experience better life now. safe & peaceful in streets occupied by criminals b4

This is the whole truth senator!
Sen. Booker we all know drug peddling is a crime but the ones Duterte killed are not the drug lords. He let them escape bcos they're rich
Duterte is clearly behind the Davao Death Squad”
http://endingcannabisprohibition.yuku.com/sreply/1158 
Did you and @mindykaling ever go on a date?
Duterte has no respect for human life, neither does @realDonaldTrump or the #deplorables so what do u expect
I only care about the USA. Other countries are NOT our problem.
your number criticizing #duterte is small compared to 16M filipinos who believed on what he is doong is right
foreigners are all yakking about #duterte on the basis of fake news. you are all not living in the Philippines. U are all bullshit
#smh
You talk of my country as if you are from here! Shame on you booker!
The Trump base aren't even Repubs. They seem 2 want authoritarian leadership. Less rights & more police state. Be careful what you wish 4.
Trump praises ALL authoritarian leaders but criticizes our allies. Do his base voters want a dictator? Do or say something he doesn't like?

So he calls Duterte up to share classified info.
How can we as Americans carry on with our day to day activities knowing this lunatic who cheated to win is in charge of out nation?Disgraced
@POTUS,@realDonaldTrump he is mad he can't do that....yet. #Reset2017 #resist
@CoryBooker meanwhile all MSM and dims are talking about is still trump Russia you people are disgusting
Apparently Trump failed to comprehend his Oath of Office--y'know, where he swore on the Bible? Keep tweeting Sen. Booker!
so are the MS 13 gang members Obama let into our country
Whistleblower: Obama knowingly let in MS-13 gang members... http://bit.ly/2qWR2c9 
Similar to what the US foreign policy does globally in all is corrupt, illigal wars wouldn't you say? Iraq, Libya,Yemen,Syria…great job 2?!
And you're  doing better?
It's as though 45 was saying, "I'd like to do extrajudicial killings here, but we have this damn Constitution..."
I don't see you leading a call to send U.S. intervention down there.
Thank you, sir, for speaking out on this. I can't tell you how sick I am about it.
Makes sense.  Dead people don't need health insurance.
Bingo. That seems to be the whole plan
wow fool Cory.u fool don't even even knw anythin abt that county.I hope you really run for office so we can put ur ass when it belongs-wood
Cory Are You a Functional Illiterate? Trump Speaks Out On Most Issues Unlike Your Pandering Crap Tweets You Have Become a Liberal Parrot  
You are taking his comment and applying it to stretch the truth to support your lie
Yes, just wrote a long FB post on this.  Hope people pay attention and Give Up Trump!
He just wishes he could do the same. Terrible thing about laws & Constitution.
remember that time Obama went to a baseball game w/ Raul Castro? Good times
Obama called out the Castro regime on their human rights issues in front of Raul's face, so do you have a point here or nah?


Yea that's a crock of bullshit right there. I think I may be wasting my time with you.
Cruel
Why are you not concerned about citizens in Chicago
Astounding you can't see the same thing with Obama and Castro... #hypocrisy...
Trump praises dictators and despots because thats is #PresidentBannon  dream
Maybe there should be an IQ qualification on President's job. Age, Education, Born in US, seem like low requirements! @realitypotatoes
"Druggies and crackheads, dealers" who put up a fight. Not "people".
In other words, "losers"? God, he is such an ass.
Which is worse..T not knowing how Duterte is "solving" the drug problem , or knowing and still praising? 

#Trump prefers dictators over rule of law.
