McConnell "engaged and serious." White House "all hands on deck." Rs whipping votes this week, already at 49.
Mon 9/18: GOP leadership confers. (YOU CALL SENATE 202-224-3121)
Tue 9/19: GOP caucus lunch. (CALL PROTEST)
Wed: Senate goes home, Rosh Hash
All Sens home Wed 9/20-Mon 9/25. FIND THEM & PROTEST. Luther Strange (R-AL) away for primary vote thru Tue 9/26. So repeal could go Wed 9/27
McConnell will only sched a vote if knows he has enough Rs to pass: 50. If he does, vote will be btw Wed 9/27 & Fri 9/29. Yom Kippur = 30th.
Senate Parliamentarian won't allow a vote unless there's a CBO score. CBO has been instructed to put all else aside to focus on repeal bill.
DANGER: CBO normally gives score for COST ($) and for COVERAGE (# ppl who lose insurance). But *only $ req'd for Senate vote.*
CBO scores showing tens of millions of Americans will lose insurance coverage has helped derail past repeal votes. R solution: vote w/o #s
GOP hopes to ram through repeal vote before CBO figures out how many people will lose their insurance. Immoral—but also malevolently clever.
Ds pushing CBO to not release fiscal impact without also showing coverage impact. Unclear who'll prevail. Anyway: CBO score week of 25th.
Two more notes about timing. 1st: McCain has said no vote w/o hearings. So Johnson (R-WI) saying he'll hold a farcical "hearing" before 30th
Johnson hearing would be joke: not in relevant committee, not regular process. We'll see if McCain says it's enough.
If GOP believes they have the votes, hearing done, fiscal CBO score in hand, they move to vote sometime 9/27-29... with ZERO hours of debate
ZERO hours of debate? Yes. Budget reconciliation votes require 20h of debate—but technically those hours already happened, back in July.
Explanation. The Senate is officially considering the bill the House passed, the AHCA. Each Trumpcare bill is just an "amendment" to AHCA.
The big votes that failed in July were votes to substitute new repeal bills in place of AHCA. Graham-Cassidy is just another amendment.
Senate has never had a final vote on Trumpcare—it took up AHCA, burned through 20h of debate, put it back on legislative calendar, waited.
So our job is to create massive, unignorable pressure on Senate Republicans NOT to commit to voting Y on Trumpcare. If we succeed, no vote.
If we fail, the vote will come. There'll be one last hurdle: "vote-o-rama," where Ds & Rs can offer unlimited amendments & each gets a vote.
Key: If Rs don't pass Trumpcare by 11:59pm on Sat Sep 30, fiscal year ends, they hit deadline. Suddenly, they'd need 60 votes instead of 50.
Ds will have hundreds or even thousands of amendments ready to go. In theory, goal would be to run out the clock past deadline. BUT...
As you might remember from the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch, Rs can change Senate rules whenever they want, if they have 50 votes.
So if McConnell has 50 votes for repeal, expect him (w/tie-break assist from Pence) to shut down vote-o-rama before the buzzer & pass bill.
If Senate passes repeal bill, it goes to the House, which will have to pass it w/o changing a word. Deadline doesn't apply there. Then Trump
House-Senate conference committee impossible b/c of Senate deadline. So, if Senate passes, text is final. We'd fight in House; outlook grim.
That's the timeline. Next, targets & tactics. Note—not getting into policy details in this thread. Suffice to say, bill is brutal & deadly.
(To understand the policy, suggest you follow @ASlavitt @TopherSpiro @charles_gaba & read http://cbpp.org  website)
Targets: First, McCain. Crucial. He's going back & forth in public statements. Hard to count as hard no. E.g. Sep 6:
Today on TV, McCain said wants regular order & bipartisan bill. Also has said he'll support if Gov Ducey supports.
McCain on support for transgender & DREAMer servicemembers. "What are we going to say? 'Pack up, you have to go back to El Salvador'?" 
SO: if you're from AZ, call John McCain in DC & all state offices daily... & call Gov. Ducey, 602-542-4331. Urge NO & praise bipartisanship.
Second: Lisa Murkowski. Courageous NO last time. *Hasn't publicly committed this time.* In AK? Look for upcoming protests & CALL DAILY.
By the way: these directories of local office numbers, addresses, and fax numbers are from http://ContactingCongress.org —an invaluable resource.
Favorite response to this; someone on @MSNBC said, 45 GOP Senators would sign a blank piece of paper called "Repeal and Replace."
Was it Chris Hayes?
Maybe, but might have been a guest too. Just can't recall.
Sounds like Andy Slavitt to me.
You're probably right. He was on MSNBC the other day. Spot on comment.
How is this "one last time?"  How many times can you label a repeal effort the last one before you realize there is no end?
Senate rules mean if they don't repeal by Sep 30, they have to go back to beginning of process—which takes a long-ass time
Folks are still exhaling from the McCain "no".  We were told that was the death knell.
By whom? Everyone I follow reminded folks to stay vigilant. I do wish it wasn't the case...

For the good of the American nation and it's people, DEFEAT THIS TOTAL DOG OF A BILL!!!!
Get it done !!!
Call your Senator's and tell them NO to the Graham-Cassidy bill which is picking up momentum! We MUST STOP this! CALL YOUR SENATOR'S!
Turtleturd on the march. Must shut him down.
Oh, this guy.
@SenateMajLdr U push this Bill thru and you'll be"HISTORY" will love to help vote you out in 2018. #BigBlueWaveIsComing2018and2020 #RunMcCon
If McCain was truly serious he'll make his decision independently and not with his Governor standing over him.
@SenJohnMcCain is using the Governor's decision as a shield! Ppl elected him as their Senator NOT the governor! Weak! Must vote NO!
That's right.
Give it up mitch your not even in the same class President OBAMA http://IS.YOU  FILTHY ANIMAL.
Call those GOP senators now!!
The big accomplishment here is raising rates, kicks the poor off of Medicaid and lining their pockets. Sick demonic individuals
#NoScoreNoVote #NoScoreNoVote #NoScoreNoVote
#NoScoreNoVote #NoScoreNoVote #NoScoreNoVote
#NoScoreNoVote #NoScoreNoVote #NoScoreNoVote
#KillTheBill @GOP WILL LOOSE MAJORITY IN#2018 TAKING HEALTHCARE AWAY FROM MILLIONS OF US
Please @SenJohnMcCain the details for the CBO aren't in, the pre-existing conditions $$ will kill your fellow Americans - including veterans
@SenateGOP   A different wrapper on the same crap still stinks. WHY DO YOU WANT TO KILL INNOCENT AMERICANS? #PARTYOFDEATH
If Mitch is engaged and serious money and greed must be involved. #Resist.
Contact your Senators and Reps now. Text #Resist to 5049. Every letter, text, email counts. Don't let them sneak this through!
Who even can be sure this will be the "last time" they try to pull this nonsense?
They must be stopped as criminals against humanity.  Only winning, no care for people.  CORRUPTION!
republicans like to be whipped, oh hurt me beat me it feels so good to take health care away from others...
These thieving cowards just won't give up!
somebody needs to step on their anthill
These republicans are idiots.
Mitch following senators around with a tube of KY doesn't amount to that much. After all it's named after his state!
Much Blood on their hands as people will die unnecessarily!
Oh, dear God... please let this bill die... a death deserved. Please folks call your Senator + House Rep to oppose...
They'll try anything! Including back room politics! 
DON'T LET THEM DISCOURAGE YOU INTO GIVING UP!!  CALL your Senator NOW 202-224-3121. SAY NO! It's important to CALL your Governor too!
Take a stance:
The GOP insanity has started again to rob millions of people of their health insurance
Has McConnell ever done anything to help the American people? He is just a mean old man. He needs to be kicked far out of the Senate .
Again they move against the American people! Why do we have to keep shouting when they were elected to represent us?!

@indivisibleden @IndivisibleLoCo @CardboardCoryCO Get the word out @SenMajLdr is taking away #ACA,
McConnell "engaged and serious." White House "all hands on deck." Rs whipping votes this week, already at 49. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/17/obamacare-senate-republicans-repeal-242821 …
Scared turtle
Can't wait to see how the Senators who voted NO last time vote now.
This makes me want to scream!!!!!
If we do our part we might get the stall. They only have until the 30th.
Sadly a phone call to my representatives is a wasted call as they are firmly up McConnell and Trump's @ss.
Call the DNC and tell them to spend money on dems in AL to organize, strategize, educate, to get people to run against the idiots!
Did they say who?
Will CBO # be out first?
Vermin
Does the phrase "give them enough rope to hang themselves" still means what I think it means? Let the GOP vote: they lose Congress in 2018.
@cimarron_tx I already made three calls sent three emails and three faxes to my representatives. Does not take long.Stop Repeal
so  #regularorder
Do we have list of 51 not in whip cnt; are any of 49 influenceable? How can MI resident w/ 2 opposed Sen’s contribute? #GroundHogFinalDays
..... #regularorder
Republicans you may not know that as you vote you cast lives. I know a family that has to less food just since the gas. They need their meds
Oh, shit!
@Avonan make those calls to stop passage of repeal ACA
Indivisible script for calling Dem senators:
RT @GiraffeJournal 
Replying to @MrsLGD @benwikler

Use this to contact Republicans
If they can't get it legally, they'll do so illegally, & then find judges who will sanction their actions. That's how Pols work.
All  who vote for this will have wrath of all voters on their hands. U cant control what othrs do, just ur rxn to what they do. Pplpwr wrks!
McConnell is the Devil!
Ryan & McConnell :  we will remember in November.
@SenMajLdr you can stop counting right now. @SenateGOP will not repeal the ACA because they want to be reelected in 2018. #NoTrumpCare
DESPITE BILL NOT be prosecuted IMPRISONED ALL GOING TO BE. I'LL PAY FOR IT.
@AnaSolitaria7 @politico Killing innocent Americans to give millionaires and billionaires a massive tax cut. Insanely evil. WTH?!
@joshtpm @politico Americans:
Disgusting folks, all of them with taxpayer paid full coverage health insurance.
Sabotaging the American people.
One last time? The outcome seems written already. You know if they fail, they'll try again.
Koch bonus at stake for the boys.
Dangerous. Could work.  Hit the phones.
It won't be the last
Please all follow @LittleLobbyists to learn about how this will affect kids with complex medical issues
Please save healthcare for millions again, including many in your states @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins #ACA
Stop. Just stop. The grassroots will keep at it but sheesh!
Do these 49 "whipped" senators even know (or care) what they're voting for?
And instead of Bernie and Dems screaming about this they are pushing Medicare for all. This should not have even gotten this far
Heartless solution but if they pass this and all the Trumpkins lose their gov benefits, won't this all get fixed sooner?
Just stop @GOP fools!  Enough is enough!
is it because they sense the end is near ...??
KY has large % of population on Obamacare. McConnell is going to kill his voters by cutting their care. Why doesn't he care? Retiring soon?
This GOP gang of trolls r disgraceful. Their greed & selfsh acts define all of them. How they can willing hurt so many Americans is horrific
Pretty amazing what the so-called pro-life party is willing to resort to in order to strip healthcare protections from millions of citizens
Still rearranging the deck chairs
@SenJohnMcCain is there anything u can do 2 stop gop from trying again 2 repeal ACA? can you, @SenatorCollins & @lisamurkowski stop this?
Of course there's something they can do. They can vote NO! #KilltheBill #ProtectOurCare
.@SenSusanCollins .@lisamurkowski please don't let us down now. This bill is just as bad as the last. Vote NO
You better get it done!!!!
Cockroaches.
Thanks for cheering me up, has been a ruff couple of days
@SenateGOP @SenWarren @SenateMajLdr @chuckschumer @washingtonpost @nytpolitics @CNNPolitics @MSNBC Trumpcare is BAD! Citizens will suffer!
We need some kind of uprising, let me know.
@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy @SenateMajLdr Honestly, I am not sure how you sleep at night. It must require a good deal of drugs.
If successful, this will be a major 2018 election issue 4 Republicans!!.
Eliminating folks 4pre existing condition/32 million losing insur
What's up w/McTurtle's secret meetings? What reprehensible actions from our *elected* kleptocrats! Toying w/human lives #DISGRACE
I wish for brain cancer for this man.. I would say heart but he doesn't have one
They do this all the time&this was probably the way it was planned, that they defeat it tree times, wait to the last week then pass it.
Article says they have tried 2 keep this quiet.Twitter can make sure they don't. Again,trying 2 sneak a bill through that would harm HC.
CALL YOUR REPS!!!

Been doing the same for weeks. Hope it helps
This is very bad news for the 28M uninsured and the millions more who will lose their healthcare.
In truth the correct name is the affordable care act, they call it Obama care so that white nationalist will not want any part of it
@gop 
sigh...
Disgusting turtle !!! Still trying to kill Americans !!' Sick pp . Enough of this BS !! America trump care has to die !! Biggly .
God...I'm so stressed
McConnell is another of Putin's puppets. Don't let him cheat you out of healthcare!
He is the devil incarnate. As long as he has HIS healthcare, why worry about any of the rest of us. No conscience. #McConnell
Tweet this to them or better yet, call and say it.
Many thanks to Chuck and Nancy for clearing up the Senate's end-of-month schedule...
So exciting. We might finally get the massive Tax Cut for Billionaires on the backs of the Poor. What a Country!
@SenateGOP Why do you hate us? What did we do to you?  Our health matters and the health of so many every day relying on ACA to cover them
#Disgrace #SaveACA
@chrislhayes For the love of God, NO!!
The @SenateGOP is ready to kick 30million out of healthcare.  They are so fir the people. Shame on you.
We won't have old white men deciding what we can do w/our bodies. #Boybye go sit in the  corner. Do not come out until you're called upon.
If they don't get it this time they'll keep bringing it up until mid-terms in 2018. No way this is "one last time"...
Rob from the poor and give to the rich.  Nice work GOP.
McConnell a wicked evil diabolical selfish man who enjoys comprehensive insurance coverage 4 him and family.  The rest of citizens B damned.

Oh, crap!

Please explain how wanting people in need to have healthcare is selfish? What other plan do you favor? Do you WANT people to suffer & die?
what the fuck is wrong with this people. Is it the No Wall part and now they think ACA is redeeming to the racist pigs who support them STOP
Is $$ really bigger then ur conscience?How can GOP do this to older ppl in nursing hm/disable kids?If yes,hope they all burn in hell.#KARMA
This pic of the turtle looks like he took one too many Viagra.  So, yes, he must be up to something.
One last time my ass!
One last time that it can pass with 50 votes. After September they're back to 60. That's yuuuge.
What the hell is the matter with you republicans. Give it up and do some real work. Your constituents are watching.
"One last time" for the 60th time.
I just don't get why they WANT to do this! They'll cause so much misery and there'll be no waffling about its being their responsibility.
Follow the money...
Who says they are at 49?
Sneaky old turtle trying to get his bonus from the insurance companies. Despicable
Head's on a swivel...turkey neck jiggling all over the place...whippin up votes
Not one word from @senrobportman  of Ohio. A coward, afraid to listen and debate this awful health bill .Eager to please party over people.
So we can expect the best in #KabukiTheater in the #GOP-led Congress this week?

@GOP & @TheDemocrats:
#CongeniallyCorrupt
Disgusting bunch.
So McConnell goes for golf club over our heads!! And this time not fake video. Ugly man.
@BillCassidy & @LindseyGrahamSC are basically saying screw your family if you are sick. @GOP wants to take away ACA & any affordable option
These guys must not want the job they have because if they repeal ACA
Then none of them will be Relected come 2018 & 2020 We will remember.
@Mitch McConnell @paul Ryan "screw us on a healthcare bill just so the claims a victory and not in our best interests, unemployment 4U
They've had it. It's their last chance to please the lobbyists.
Alert! Theft and destruction onGOP agenda.
Maybe all these crazy, old fools will give up their taxpayer subsidized health insurance!Want to deny others, start with yourself,McConnell!
Go ahead and repeal it with a shitty plan. You want the Amer. people to really hate Repubs,  this is the way.
A Republican full court press to lose in 2018 and 2020.
Good.
They don't want to appeal Obamacare because it's a bad Bill but they want the rich to get that tax cut shame on them
Take names ,see how they vote and deal with them
Not surprised. We must keep fighting against Rs' shit. Sigh
The worst human being in Washington.
#sameshitdifferentday @WetDreamWilk #douggie @BoothsBookshop https://youtu.be/xhJ-AOmrOt8  @LBRxx @jimmyhand360 @Kalieezchild @JoshRitter13 #gmooh
Hope investigators see #mconnell #corrupt is paying off other #GOP members.
Disgusting
NO NO NO NO NO.
GOP will own healthcare...good luck with that.
He really needs to get some balls or step down.
Any Senator who votes to repeal the ACA should get a malignant brain tumor and die in agony.
Not again turtle
Are they going for a rosh hashana massacre?
What the f**** is wrong with them?
So is McConnell going for suicide or assassination?
Oh shit, THIS again. I thought they already wasted their vote on this for the fiscal year and had to wait for the next one.
The bad news just feels inevitable at this point.
Our best recourse is to  vulnerable R Sens so theyfrom THEIR constituents & GOVERNORS in key states who support ACA to lobby Sen Toolkit

Healthcare  Updated resource for the Resistance to Use in Fighting against Cassidy/Graham  https://trumpcaretoolkit.org/ 
So @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins appears to have changed their support for bribes.  Awesome ladies...you really are evil.
49 FOR THAT????  What, are they just that desperate not to look like jackasses that couldn't pass anything? This is sick. We must destroy.
Yup. Desperate for a "win" at all costs.
Does anybody think this guy is still relevant?
To quote Big Pussy from The Sopranos "I'd like to do a 'Moe Greene Special" on
Evil Mitch's big round eyes.Sorry, it's Evil Mitch day for me
Just to make Trump happy... so he'll like them again
Leave my healthcare alone.
The plan is, clearly, to weaken opposition by siege. We must stand, shields high, and repel this cynical assault once more.
I think that, in context, the 49 referred to the votes for skinny repeal in the past.  I is definitely not a whip count on Cassify Graham
They won't stop until they have destroyed healthcare for Americans.
If Graham-Cassidy passes, that will make Hurricane Harvey the deadliest natural disaster of all time.
This does not feel good this time
The strategy of robbing $ from blue states to sort of give to red states will further weaken the union of states. An act of deep hostility.
Fundamental US flaw...2 Senators per/State=underrepresented urban citizens. Unfair and unwise.
Can blue states hold $ back? It's their tax money going to fed, isn't it?  Can they not send the $?
I don't think so. Ask .@charles_gaba. He understands the gritty details extremely well!
I doubt it is 49
I'll bet you're right. I think they're lying. Trying to sway undecided with "the poling tactic".
The creep who was saved from polio by social healthcare wants to deny it to others!
Amazing how Republicans benefit from programs they want to erase for others. Easy to prove since they want exceptions for themselves.
Just don't see why the three no's from last time would flip on this bill.  If anything, it's worse!  And if Rand is no, who's 49?
The bill surgically transfers money from blue states directly to the states of the holdouts.
Don't let them screw things up worse than they've already done so far!
Implies McCain is a yes.
49 ??????
You Break it.... You fucking OWN IT!

Graham wrote the Bill so he could take frm Bl States n give to his state his disgression! More crooked R plans for us! Rs want ladies to die
If this passes, I hope Satan collects him ASAP...
Crap! Stop this abomination of a HC Bill! Shame on L Graham putting his name on this trash!
You can see Mitch is getting excited again!
No wonder he's been quiet the past few weeks. Working behind the scenes w/Rs on how to rob people blind, kill off the poor & make it legal.
#Resistance #Resist #ResistCongress  all hands on deck the congression bed bugs are back trying to bite the ACA again.
They aren't at 49 Ben. Everyone I heard said 48 TO 49 and the fact they are making calls this week STILL likely points to 48.
If McCain holds to his word, Rand, Lisa and Collins, that's 48. GOP wouldn't be making calls still if they had 49.
