Met George W in Houston TX working with Jimmy And Mrs Carter in 1998.   Sure miss y'all as our leaders!!
And I hope y'all had a great birthday.
good old southern incest
so that 998 points of light left n unaccounted for
happy belated birthday!!!
Such a sweet and lovely photo! Happy birthday!
Columbia what's coming in from its very first shuttle mission. The space shuttle was to change the way
pointing out that him and I were fighting over a rat jacket so my uncle would look good. Socialist
from Del Taco is all I have to say about my uncle.
last you looked it wasn't illegal to be with a red correct? Last I looked the Reds were involved with
terrorism.
everybody wonders why I stay with my girl. Today is our 4th year anniversary. Her and I met shortly
after my step dad left 1980-1981 somewhere around there socialism has taught her to be the way she is.
men have used her and abused her this city has corrupted her sons and herself they don't know about
you should be embarrassed by them! Both disgusting liberals!!
Health inequality, are you serious Laura ?!
wow I thought u were dead
happen that very day the first was Ronald Reagan was being inaugurated the second was the Space Shuttle
hostages out of Iran. So on inauguration day they brought a TV into a room three important things
after he was inaugurated the hostages were not released he was sending in the armed services to get
change the way that other countries viewed the United States as a superpower. Ronald Reagan said that
president. The country Wasn't thought of as very strong anymore. The pullout in Vietnam had really
there were hostages being held in Iran. Jimmy Carter was a hell of a nice guy but he wasn't a very good
desk. Back then the country was in bad shape he would have to wait an hour or two hours for gasoline.
mother was working at Geddes school at the time. Like always I was in the office with my head on the
what's hand made and your father was sitting there on the porch with the v-neck white t-shirts. Your
looking at it on video of you on Halloween when you guys are at the property in Crestline. Your costume
a happy birthday you two. Your mother and father has really made a big difference in my life. I was
#MerryXmas
Former NIST Employee Questions Official WTC Story http://twistedeconomix.com/2016/11/28/former-nist-employee-questions-official-wtc-story … 
http://shivabalayogi.org/ 
Happy Birthday! Many more! Please contact me when you get a chance...
Happy Birthday Jenna & Barbara.
wooooooow super
Happy birthday to the charming girls
Happy Birthday!!!

Happy. Birthday. to both of you. God bless  <3
Happy Birthday Jenna and Barbara!! Many blessings!
Just like their mother!
Happy birthday!
lovely girls!
great family!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Happy Birthday!
Happy birthday guys !
Happy Birthday
what a beautiful picture!
