A Real Non-Profit not like For-Profit
Trump Foundation
You would have been a far better choice for Education Secretary.
Thank you to both you and your husband for all you have done and continue to do. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
I have had nothing but respect in the highest for the entire family, In the highest regard; George needed to be tougher in his second term
George has long been an inspiration to me, but I believe. Obama was in, due to his failure, George ‘s to be the human he was voted to be, more in line with Trump’s
Merry Christmas & God’s Blessings!   My only child loves to read also. UR great role model. 
Thank you and God Bless you for all the work you so selflessly do for others. Merry Christmas! #Greatful
The Greatest First Lady ever
Lets end sex trafficking of kids here and abroad. Its growing here in this country and many of our kids are kidnapped and held hostage. Not ok.
Jen would have been a@horrid pres.
Please watch this; Tell me if you heard Laura Bush's name in the INDICTMENTS with the others. I did Not? HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Thank you for continuing to inspire literacy in America. #reading #hurricanerelief #schoollibraries #libraries
You should know the pain and suffering of what it means when your loved ones are killed, when a poor kid becomes orphan. Ohhh I pray you guys should feel that agony. You must have that gaping hole in your heart if you're husband has it.
How can you folks sleep after ruining life of millions of Iraqi people. Invading a country for no reason. Killing it's people. Anyways don't worry it will come back to you. Nature will do the justice. I pray that you pay the price.
How about the life you took of Iraqi people?? How about the kids you made them orphan??? Laura pls ask ur husband. Don't you think The Nature should come back to you with the same thing you did to them???
Merry Christmas to you... and your lovely family. It's a pleasure to hear from you. Merry Christmas, and God bless you for helping the needy. 
Great family tradition 

You are a jewel
Amazing job!!!!
