Really disappointed and saddened that Pres Bush has spoken out against President Trump while he kept silent as Obama destroyed the country.
How did Obama destroy this country?  I see no evidence of it.  Everyone I know still lives as they did then and before Obama, with their necessities, homes, bank accounts, church, families, etc.  Please accept Jesus Christ as your savior and focus on helping, not bashing.
Healthcare premiums have skyrocketed, he created isis, he allowed Christians to be slaughtered in the ME, he allowed cop killings, he allowed firebombing and looting of our businesses, he allowed men in women's bathrooms, he smuggled billions of cold hard cash to Iran, etc!
I'll keep praying for you.
For 8 YEARS BUSHY was mum about Obama dividing America. GW deceived us using God as his cover. The reason Jeb didn't have a chance! @POTUS
Your husband is a coward.  He spews his BS and then blocks people because he can’t take the heat!  I regret ever voting for him!
No, what you & Obama are teaching, is lack of respect for POTUS & government. Don't forget hatred from left that you got as president, Bush.
What happened to the presidential class your husband used to have?
Why hasn't he offered his help to Trump instead of encouraging more division?
G.W. behind the times....
For a past president who exposes his family to a rapist and cheater, his words don't hold much water.
How soon he forgets how we stood up for him. What a jerk.
Swamp creatures must be scared if they are pulling dubya away from his  paintings to recite speeches drafted by ben rohdes & obama.
Then why do you feel that the American people need a "Ruling Class"
If we want to succeed we must be willing to get real. Its why I voted for your hubby.
Its pretty darn sad when he had to tell them to be quiet so I could finish my question on diversity and gerrymandered districts.
I was sshed at a womens country club meeting and even the guy who worked Jeb's campaign had to tell the woman to back off and be quiet.
Rights to know the atrocities committed by Bush 
The U.S. is classifying once-public stats on the war in Afghanistan. 

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/30/world/asia/afghanistan-war-redacted-report.html?smid=tw-share … 
Why did you let GW speak against Trump.  He never said s damn word when that corrupt obama was in office.  Discussed with what u did.
Get over it.
Tell your loser husband to fuck off!
Thank your husband for us for speaking out yesterday! Its refreshing to see him and Obama out there again. Normalcy.. We miss these guys!
about time youe husband spoke up about Top Dog's wrecking ball to democracy . he needs to speak louder before it's to late
You shouldn’t push globalism Americans are tiered of illegal immigrants George hanging with Ocrapa & Clinton then bad mouths Trump Disgrace
won't matter unless your pack & husband stand up to Top Dog wrecking ball to democracy world peace environment women's rights 1st Amendment
Is this true or we still mad Jeb got owned?
Two examples of how to take care of the needs of people with dignity respect love I miss you both to all the family god bless keep well 
Bushies got SOME BIG NERVE, oh yes they do
G.W. never had ONE WORD to say about BARACK OBAMA racially DIVIDING America, therefore I crown him PHONY BALONEY, sorry I voted for him
I like the Bush's, GWB & Laura.  They must not be perfect, but doing right thing everyday...Thank u 4 being role model...
