.GeorgeW is why we got Obama, most corrupt president (community disorganizer) In history. Lefty GeorgeW "bro" bubba is a rapist. Shameful!
Thats sort of harsh you might try this wow how intellectual of you dubya after eight years of acts of evil. Get them evil doers, to uniting.
And you would respond how deplorable of you all for being dividers. Better than subtracting. I'm a smart ass!
I Want to say President Bush gave such a moving speech today. His message of unity is everything America needs right now. Thank you 
Honestly, I would rather learn what Americans think.
Oh we ll tell you exactly what we think. Stict to painting Mr. B as he has no right to critique anyone after the deploring he did.
Up until recently, I highly respected the "Bushes" &voted 4them bc I trusted U all were true Patriots. It saddens me 2 find out differently.
1) I'm European, born 7 years after WW2. In Lower school, Highschool, and also from stories told by family, I learned a LOT about WW2! 2) In
Unless ppl are made to PROVE U.S. citizenship, American polls mean NOTHING!
Definitely feel Bush's bad decisions continue to harm the world. 
The U.S. is classifying once-public stats on the war in Afghanistan. 

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/30/world/asia/afghanistan-war-redacted-report.html?smid=tw-share … 
We want our Democracy back. We do not want a world order.
Who OWNS your Family ? ... Puppets ..
How do we participate?
No revisionist history
This guy? 
https://twitter.com/scmaestra/status/921206585623375874 …
#NeverForget he authorized torturepermanently damaging America at home & abroad …
The President did a wonderful speech but Im still gonna to tease him anyway because my audience prefers bigotry. lol I'm teasing.
Praying for the success of your project. Everyone needs to step back & really think what it would be like without democracy.
3) understatement) for America and, indeed, for the world. 
Beware. Be very aware.
2) It left a lasting impression, and éver since the new president took office (even befóre that already), I feel very scared (an
Can’t wait to see it.
