Tweet more, Mrs. Bush! The world needs your kindness & grace~
HPV vaccinations have harmed some young people,  please research it.
So have cancers read the data
Miss you Mrs. Bush !
Hey I like your post
Hi Laura,(My favorite First Lady) how are you doing & how are 41 and 43 doing? I saw 43 did his ann bike run, & is First Lady Barbara doing
Miss having your class on the White House 
I miss her class also but our FLOTUS Mrs Trump is very classy and intelligent also 
NEVER CARED one damn bit for the AMERICAN PEOPLE, just gotta act like you're a hot shot globalits----disgusting.
How tragic!  Reading is one of my greatest joys and the foundation of education.
I believe the key word I'd OVER.
Take U world leaders and spend Bush $$) our tax $$ on our kids.  Take the new world order off table. USA 1st. Close border as GW would not.
U spend UR own $$$ on them not our tax $$$. We need our kids to learn 1st. Our tax $$$ needs to used on US Citizens kids no one else.
We need to worry about our school who are teaching our children. Charity starts at home. Send illegals home ie deport will be good start.
African children are some of the poorest. I give to UNICEF whenever I can.
Wow wow wow,  geo  rocks 4 his bogotry speech,  glad bannon's ticked off but he is dangerous.  Keep talking geo.,u hv  guts.  Trump is awful
What about Girls in “USA”?
Thanks for all your work. Keep promoting the girl child education.
Wherever there is a girl who is denied an education, we should be there fighting for their future. I stand with the First Lady.
So why don't you move there and take care of them. I have my own kids to worry about #putamericafirst #MAGA
? Why so mean spirited? It's strictly volunteer to give!
I don't feel this as an American comedian on the conservative side, Guys joke its funny but latinas not allowed to be funny.

Do you know how many African children are child soldiers? How about how many are slaves?
I am ur grandson talks to my father and mother  to meet me  I am in India
r we done helping struggling American now? haven’t to do anything but looking to help outside world?
So very sad.
what a shame
This needs to change immediately. Need a solid program for it to be successful.
Students with Disabilities are often shunned from society and education opportunities on many parts of Africa. My big dream is to find a way to change this.
In Africa
Over half r girls shouldn't be surprise as it reflects male/female demographics but sad statistics nonetheless
Still waitng to tweet personally with #Dubya Nice Lady! Could you fetch Georgey fir me thank you please uuuunnnnttt thank you! Spike says Hi
السيدة لورا بوش تحياتي دخولك من البوابة الانسانية وتحديدا افريقيا سيترك اثر طيب في نفوس الأميركيين والأفارقة في ان واحد اتمنى لك التوفيق
..get on down 
Thank you @laurawbush for joining #GirlsCount! 
Thanks Mrs. Bush. We will try to support Africa madam.
That's so sad. Everyone should help these ladies (and young men). Thank you for that information, Mrs. Bush.
