Empowering Afghan women are the greatest project ever for creating opportunities to them. The Afghan women are thankful to both 1st ladies.
I agree. I pray your country achieves freedom from tyranny.
Luv all the Mrs. Bushes!
Yes much better than the Mr.
how does it empower when women wear the same hijabs or burqas? those clothes symbolize slavery, oppression & death... #sharia ur family was suckered by the islamist propaganda & it cost millions their lives
Is this like your daughters taking power away from women and children with their support of murderous Planned Parenthood?0
Thanks for your service, your a true inspiration!
I know this isn't the point but Mrs. Bush you seem to   be getting younger looking all the time!
This is difference between HRC SAYING she supports women & Laura Bush ACTUALLY supporting women!
I was with your lovely daughters this evening. They were funny, smart, and endearing. 
Cannot wait to read #SistersFirst 
@JennaBushHager
Why disgrace yourself and America. Your comments about Melania Trump being a great representative of America. How could you say that?
Because it's true. There is a lot to be said about a first lady with class and elàn.
Your support to Afghan women is indeed commendable. Thanks for your service to humanity.
Thank you for your continued service and support to women everywhere.
Our President Trump supports women’s rights/freedoms all over the world...so glad to see a wonderful First Lady join our current First Lady
If you really believe that you are just as insane as Trump. Get out of here & don't even contaminate a REAL First Lady with your nonsense
how about all the Afghan's your husband is responsible for killing...?
I like u Laura. that is one dumb ass husband. How could u let W write that book.
Should have told him to keep his mouth shut. Now, he'll be front & center.
"This guy doesn't know what it means to be President" - W 
nous jeunes de la RDC avons besoin d'assister dand ces genre de congrès, pour booster le développement. Jumellage Rdc-Afghanis
So ashamed of all the Bush family not supporting our POTUS. Shame on you all!
They understand that he is inept. They are entitled to their opinions!
1.5 million new jobs, best stock market ever, consumer confidence all time high. So inept says Jeanie.
Trump has had nothing to do with 9 months of his first term for the economy. Take a economics class.
For 8 years your husband never bashed Obama. Now he bashes @realDonaldTrump any chance he gets. Bush family is part of the Swamp
first we must deal with the ideology that woman come behind dogs as one muslim told me. Behind the kids and animals. That isn't setting well
#Dvlottery
#nobanDVlottery2017
@ADCtweets
@OmarJadwat
@YolandaCRondon
@ACLU_DC
@neal_katyal
@FindJusticeLaw https://twitter.com/mbabakhani2/status/926157956441411584/photo/1pic.twitter.com/mWAheLnAlS 
While you allow a rapist access to your family. You might want to look at your own camp.


Very nice Mom and your family are doing great thanks for your response am lucky sweet Mom
Dashing
Empowerment? Women take half the money and they have all the pussy
I'm sorry U had to sit through that awful interview with @brookeBCNN as if YOU had control of something that HW did Not a necessary question
good thinking @laurawbush
Laura you are a class act the true embodiment of what a lady should be like
You’re a rock star, Laura!
Yes she always has been. 
Please!!!

Mrs Bush, do you think the current president cares about this at all?
Thank you for your service.  
Great work! Keep empowering women throughout the world!
No I'm sorry Mrs. Bush . Trump may be technically president but he is NOT  a legitimate president and your husband agrees with that .

Remove the scarf from your head. It’s a step further away from control.

