So cool to have you writing letters while your family helped kill the #twintowers @laurawbush .... Wonder if I will go to jail before u.....
One of your daughters supports a group that sells baby parts. 
This daughter
GWB Daughter Barbara Bush to Keynote Planned Parenthood Fundraiser - Breitbart News https://apple.news/AfoJqzOJ_OyaVRnCe_Cu6QQ …
glad to have opportunity to let you know how much I have always respected you for your class & grace. A great role model to me
you are in cahoots with the wicked liberals what a disappointment you all turn out to be.
Wish your family all the best. Miss seeing your grace and class in the whitehouse. Thank you for all your service.
that is a wonderful thing!
that was very, very kind of them to do.  Thank you Laura -- you are a good woman and mother!
Didn't always agree with GW but the man (and the 1st lady) know what class is which is reflected by this type of outreach
Curious if that will be paid forward to Baron
You know, we can all hope and pray Baron turns out to be a nice young man.  He's a kid.
voted for all the Bushes that ran and became presidents.  However we have a president in office let's support him as a country.
Jenna & Barbara are lovely girls. I could only hope Sasha and Malia pay that forward to Baron
@TucciTellsIt @TIME Bush family... all class.
let's not get ahead of ourselves, Joe. But this letter is excellent
have you had a positive thought since Election Day?
I've had millions. Not generally related to the immediate political future of our country, though
you can't pout every time your guy doesn't win, #electionshaveconsequences and not just this one. Life's too short. #MAGA
you must be a very proud mum.
It was a pleasure having you as our first lady. Best regards, Lou milano
you and GW did an amazing job with your daughters!  #raisedemright
l
That is a lovely letter.  You raised them right!
I, like so many people I know, cried when I read this touching letter. Your daughters are exceptional young women.
Well whoop de doooo...did they write a letter to the Trump children? And then your husband criticizing Trump. HYPOCRISY
Especially young Barron Trump. Says a lot. Millions support and pray for him, with or without kindness from the Bush or Obama girls. Wow.
did the obama girls write a sweet letter to Barron?
what an awesome thing for them to do!
Sweet gesture the girls made, class all the way   You & W looked great at the inauguration Bet W wishes he had worn hat
such a thoughtful, touching gesture - brought tears to my eyes just as their 1st letter to the Obamas did.  Luv them all!
Trying to rehab the Bush name after whole family endorsed Trump? No way! p.s. No ones forgetting the damage ur hubby did to US
They never supported Trump.  Get your facts right. And children are not their parents.
unfortunate true. I voted for all bushes thinking they were true Republicans. I was wrong.
but why not speak out about trump becoming a dictator? Don't stay silent we need your voices please.
What gracious, generous, thoughtful women your daughters are!  Just like you!!!
Beautiful letter. Now can your husband write a letter to @realDonaldTrump  and teach him how to have a thick skin.
You looked lovely today, thanks for supporting our new President
YOURE GONNA GET IT
MMM
.@laurawbush Please ask @POTUS @BarackObama #FreeLeonardPeltier. Former prosecutor calls for release. He's sick & deprived of medical attn.
You must be a proud mom. You have wonderful daughters. I am praying for your family, for Pres.Bush & Mrs. Bush. Blessings to all
- The alcoholic role models.
You did a beautiful job with them.
yes they are
beautiful girls !
praying for George and Barbara's quick recovery 
You and Mr. Bush are wonderful examples of graciousness, civility, respect and Christians.  God Bless you both.
This was a great idea. I would like to hear more from all of you girls, and I believe the nation would too.
Please do not attend the inauguration of DJT. He has no respect for women, hatred for people of color, money before environment.
you raised some pretty fantastic women!
What generous and kind daughters you raised. You must be so proud. You and George were good mentors for them.
@Carolyny1948 @TIME A Classy First Lady.
Really lovely and sweet.
Beautiful indeed @laurawbush highlight in otherwise dreary week. @Only4RM @TIME
@Only4RM @TIME yeah but I didn't like the part where your daughters told them how to get a phony underage ID.
Your daughters are lovely! The message to the Obama girls was so loving and thoughtful. Thank you for raising such great humans!
@keywest0007 @TIME Much to be proud of
It was a lovely thing your girls did.  Kindness begets kindness. 
It was really lovely.
Classy women, all of them , the Bushes, the Obamas, I only have hope for the young Trumps, certainly not the elder 3
congratulations!
would it be possible if we could have you and George W be president instead of @realDonaldTrump  ? Much better..
truly was a beautiful letter.
Former First Lady, Laura Bush, raised her girls right.  Well done.
No kidding. I am so proud of them.
it was a great letter.
Your class, grace & humility is an example for all Americans. Regards to you and President Bush, from a Democrat.
you did a good job. Thank you
what they did was so sweet.  I say this as someone from different party. Very classy move.  Be proud of them.
she is a Beautiful  Women and has Beautiful Soul
@hodakotb @first class! @wonderful teacher in their mother
@Wynndie @TIME   it was lovely and heartfelt.
@terri_georgia @TIME very sweet and kind
@terri_georgia @TIME
beautiful girls with the best hearts 
@RufusMoore5   I like that , that's a class act in my book
@terri_georgia @TIME You raised two lovely and caring young women
Y'all did good with those two. Appreciate their class and humor.
They are lovely and gracious.  A beautiful letter.
No big deal, these fams are really friends with one another.
your daughters did a good thing wonder if they appreciated it!
How solid was Laura Bush as a First Lady?  Guy got killed in their second term and she stayed classy.
This was very sincere and classy. Actually enjoyed reading it.
Sorry,I don't understand why it is so important to support the #FirstFakeFamily-Obamas lie about everything! #WeNeedAnswers

@AHMalcolm Your daughters' graciousness was learned by the example of their parents and grandparents.
@AHMalcolm nice gesture but naive - being a presidents daughter is not a burden and "weight of the world" not on your shoulders
sounds like you raised some nice kids
Thank you, thank you.
Mrs. Bush, it is more than sweet--it's absolutely lovely and loving. Bravo!
Sorry, more globalists loving globalists.  Not interested.  Your family wanted HRC, the traitorous criminal to win.
You raised two amazing, thoughtful women. Of course they did!
the reminders of your family's character are only going to intensify over the next 4 years. Thanks for your grace and dignity.
Selfless & classy, how refreshing. I plan to cherish that type of behavior from our first families for the short time longer that I can.
@Freefree0Bobbie @TIME yes they did and we appreciate their graciousness ...Thank you for raising such beautiful daughters
what a beautiful letter. You have raised two terrific women...
@stuartpstevens Lovely, kind gesture reminding us of the better angels of our nature. This Democrat thanks y'all.
Your children are a class act. Simple acts of kindness are much needed today. Thank you from life long Dem & fellow human being
@NoGOPNo @TIME how sweet of the Bush girls (young ladies) to take the time to write the Obama girls a letter, luv it!
@stuartpstevens @TIME 

This is a pleasant and sane reminder of how we can remain human and humane.
@MoonAngelWings @TIME IT was absolutely touching...you have two beautiful grounded daughters. Congratulations to you, Pres.Bush.
CLASS ACT!!!
very kind words.
Did they actually send it to Obama girls or read it on TV? Very confused.
Very sweet and filled with good advice.
@stuartpstevens @TIME Mrs Bush u and President Bush raised a beautiful family. Good work.
Very classy. Thank you for sharing this with us all and you should be proud of your daughters!
Thank you.  You raised two very classy daughters.
@stuartpstevens it should have been a private communication.
Wonderful. Regardless of one's political views, George W. Bush and his family are warm, dignified, and gracious.
I've read it @laurawbush. A very nice letter indeed. Such class and grace your daughters have. Just like their Mum. :-)  @MsDMcLaughlin
You, and your daughters are so classy.  Thank you for your service to this country.
I am so proud of your Daughters... That was Solid Gold!
That's a lovely letter written by two very nice, classy young ladies.
they sure did and it was beautiful and perfect. You raised them well.
Thank you for raising such lovely daughters.
It was lovely and brought tears to my 'lifelong democrat' eyes.
This says a lot about how you raised your girls.  Impressed.
It was wonderful. Despite very real political differences, Bushes and Obamas are both class acts
I may not have agreed with your husband, but you have lovely daughters who reflect very well on you as parents.
this was an excellent letter. The Bush daughters are great young women- much to be proud of. 
beautiful letter. Nice gesture of your daughters.
You have raised them very well. It warmed my heart to hear how caring and loving they are to Malia and Sasha. Thank you.
You raised two beautiful and kind daughters. I am sure they make you proud each and every day.
.@laurawbush That's a beautiful letter and lovely gesture. @PresleyPlummer
That's fantastic!
How proud you must feel of the young women you raised! In a world of ugly, so nice to see love.
what a nice thing for them to do..u did a great job with them,,, u should be proud....youre a class act laura ! hi from Canada !
I don't get why the hoopla? If it was a sincere letter then why is this so publicized? Why pay yourselves on the back?
You and President Bush raised them well! What an amazing letter.
@hlthiskrieger @TIME many thanks for the goodness of heart especially in a time of such chaos
They were raised beautifully by you & President George W. Not surprised by their kindness!!! 
They did their parents proud.  Classy 8 years ago...classy now.
such a great letter and shows the bond between you and the Obamas. great advice from two wonderful ladies. class act
I thought it was amazing 8 years ago and even more moved this time!  Great job raising them.
Awesome!!!
very nice
it was a beautiful letter.  You have two wonderful children.
You and your family have always demonstrated grace and class.  Thank you for raising two outstanding women.
Just shows you what class is really like.
Two beautiful classy women...just like their Mother!
Class personified. I hope many in our country take a lesson from these beautiful written words. Thank you so much!
@angelamcglowan  So sure hope the Obama girls will extend such kindness to Trump’s young son.He has already been crudely insulte
They are lovely young women.
@Bernie4People @laurawbush their dads a war criminal!!
 class act.!!
@hodakotb @JennaBushHager @TIME true class as a presidential family should be
congratulations and thank you for raising such loving, respectful, and genuinely kind daughters - you must be very proud!
That is called #grace and we need more of that in this country
Your girls have class, I will say that.  I don’t know that I agree with all their advice, but certainly most of it.
Class Act! 
Yes! Fmr. First Lady Laura Bush, all over the  News channels about the (Letters) ; I knew from (1) The #TODAY Show! & @LiveKELLY
New Years Greetings  to The Bush Family, Fmr. Pres. George H.W. Bush and Barbara (wife); God be with you all. Bush's
love this! So proud of our first families.
@TaraGranahan @TIME a truly class act by your daughters to the Obamas. Bravo  !!!!
@hodakotb @TIME Yes, they did! So sweet! Congratulations on a job well done!
These two really are the perfect example of class and grace. Thank you for still sharing them with us. Malia & Sasha also showed such grace!
what a great job you all did with these girls!!! You must be very proud!!!!
@hodakotb @TIME the bush sisters are great I look up to Jenna Bush Hager I like the way she is on TV
that was a beautiful letter. You should be proud!
Congratulations on raising such thoughtful young ladies!
yet another reason and example of why I've long admired & appreciated your family. Thank you. #understanding #compassion #real
A beautiful letter!
great article! You raised great children!
This so beautiful !!!
Wise advice. Nice.
Awesome!!! Excellent girls.
Each member of your family has been an inspiring example of class, character, and authenticy. Thank you!
The Bushes are a class act!!!!!!
Touching gesture from 2 class act first daughters to 2 more class act first daughters! Bushes & Obamas raise great kids!
so did Donald Trump. Great hard working kids, very polite and good business people.
thanks for the reminder when Republicans in the White House were decent folks even though I disagreed with them.
Real classy like their parents. You and Pres. Bush have raised wonderful daughters.
.@laurawbush You raised wonderful children, Mrs. Bush. We miss your class, as we will miss the Obama's.
very sweet!
beautiful.  Lets hope the obama girls leave a lasting note for Baron Trump.  This is all part of the transition.
Well done! A feel good read in these trying times.
Thank you for raising good and caring people.
Very sweet.  Your daughters make us all proud.
#LoveTheBushGirls !
nice story,reminds you that the families are kinda taken hostage during their parents service. transition is hard
Class acts.
I love the letter. You should be proud!
! Beautiful!!!
You have so much to be proud of with them! What a wonderful example of women! #thankyou
loved it<3
How beautiful & a wonderful reflection of the true decency, values, and compassion of both Bush daughters. You must be proud.
Passing it on. Thanks!!
that is sweet.
it was absolutely beautiful.  You and your husband obviously did a great job raising them. I'd frame it if I were Malia/Sasha.
Very well done...loved it
quit pandering to this trash family
