A beautiful family —- 
BUSH FAMILY.....I love this picture.
Beautiful photo/family
Merry Christmas to the Bush family.   Blessings for a Happy Healthy 2018
A Southern from SC , then Georgia , Ky., Md. and now Ga. again wish all the Bushes a Wonderful 2018!
Thank you for sharing this. Such a beautiful photo.
Never thought I would miss y’all so much in the White House!  Happy New Year!!!!
Thanks and hope Y'all have a great 2018!!
Merry Christmas to you and your family! Love y'all so much!
Merry Christmas to all of you.
My Mother’s has altheimer’s the 8 year’s and she hasn’t spoken in those eight years either. She was my best friend and being single, I’ve really missed hearing her voice. She’s 88. God Bless Barbara and your whole family...Love, Michael
My favorite first family!!
I love this photo of love 
is George Bush not tweeting anymore his last tweet,    was November 28th
Great looking bunch!!!  Love ya!!!
Great picture.  Really wondering how you got the Baby and the Dog to cooperate?  Merry Christmas!
How did this happen?????
Great picture and Merry Christmas to you all. A note to President Bush thanks for allowing me to work on the epayroll project in Washington DC during His tenure.
Pizzagate.
Merry Christmas and happy New year! Beautiful family!
A beautiful picture!
A lovely photo dear Laura . Hope you all had a great Christmas time . I got a question : Can u follow me here on Twitter please ? It'd be an hornor to me if you'd do so.

All the best for 2018 
Beautiful!
Beautiful Family.
https://wikileaks.org/gifiles/docs/20/207972_-analytical-and-intelligence-comments-it-suggests-that.html …
@hsutxalumni @uopxalumni  @buran_energia WHEATHER IS CLEAR @trinitywallst
@georgehwbush AND HAPPY NEW YEAR
Screw all the bushes  for voting for Hillary. Shame on u ppl. Hey dad keep your hands to yourself.
I don't  think I heard @laurawbush lauraw name in the INDICTMENTS? HAPPY NEW YEAR!
P.s....... I miss President Bush as MY PRESIDENT every day!  God bless you.
Love and BLESSINGS to your family!!!!
Belated Merry Christmas to one of our favorite First Families!
lovely photo.  Thank you for always keeping it classy
Thank you for sharing .
Merry Christmas to the bush family
to you and yours as well!!!
Beautiful family We miss you Please help our country We need your help God Bless you all
Merry Christmas to you and your family
Merry Christmas to all of you!
beautiful Picture,  God Bless you all.
Awesome
Merry Christmas. This picture makes me smile.
Hi, Mrs Bush, Merry Christmas and happy New year to you and your family.
Best regards Dr I Ivanov
Merry Christmas to you and your family!!
Merry Christmas First Lady Bush to you and the whole Bush Family
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
Beautiful picture!!
Merry Christmas!!!
Merry Christmas!
Great American family and awesome President!
Beautiful family.
Merry Christmas! My prayer is for abundant blessings for the coming year.
Ma'am, your husband slit his own throat with us voters. Please retire to a quiet life out of the media. Your presence is a painful reminder of what should have been. We are busy now doing that which your husband failed to do.
May you all have a happy and healthy New Year!
My big thanks to Mr President for his visit to Lithuania. And Merry Christmas to his family.
#ChildTrafficking We know.
happy New Year's
Now THAT’S a classy First Family photo!!!  No bikinis, angle wings, pouty kisses.  Could U send a copy to WTT? (Wht trash trump)
A Merry Christmas to you and your loved ones as well. Wishing you all the best from Belgium 
Two thumbs up
Mila is the smartest one ......
#bestfamilypic

Amazing family picture
Beautiful family photo... God bless the Bushes!!
America misses you and your family.
Precious Precious Photo! God Bless your family this Christmas!
The post-presidency Bushes have become more and more likable...and even cute! Happy Holidays!
Hope you all had a wonderful Christmas.
Love your family Christmas photo! You all look so happy and close.
Cuteness overload, love it
Love him!!! Merry Christmas, Mr. President!!
Beautiful family!
Nice dog.
Happy Holidays! From a totally party independent person. Always love Bushes. Both presidents and both First Ladies! Happy New Year! 
And .... 
Wish W is in the White House instead... sigh. 
Freddy is adorable! So wonderful that your family opened its heart to a wonderful dog with so much love to give! Lucky pup and lucky you!
Love! Miss the Bush Family...#gopclass #wemissyou
We get it. We really miss you guys.
Merry Christmas to one of my favorite families!! God bless !
Beautiful!   Merry Christmas to the Bush Family
Merry Christmas but you are responsible for putting our military into a place that your father failed. Blood on your 's and forever will be drenched with those who you have killed.Thought you were taking the fight to those responsible. Failed to tell us that you changed course.
Love the pic!
Beautiful pic! Have a safe and blessed Holiday
Beautiful
Beautiful family. You all represent America well.
Just lovely. Thank you for sharing Mrs. Bush. The grand-babies are something else!
Back @ you Laura; you have a lovely family.
Such a beautiful family pic! Merry Christmas Bush Family! 
Merry Christmas! Although I miss the cowboy president that used to stick up for America....Thank God for @realDonaldTrump! #MAGA
Beautiful photo! Merry Christmas...

Beautiful family photo! Freddy included . . .
It’s really and heartwarming. May the good Lord continue to keep you healthy and happy.
Adorable family photo.  Merry Christmas Bush family.
Funny how much better they look to me now that we are living in a swamp.
Funny how I miss them!!
Must be a very happy family because even the dog is smiling!
That is a perfect family picture!!! We can feel the real love & joy of being together . There is sincerity & truth in their smiles . May God bless you always. 
Beautiful picture!
Very nice family Mr. President
Merry Christmas to you and your family.
Beautiful! No animal lover leaves a place like that without a pup! Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas
Oh my goodness... what a fabulous picture... you all look awesome!!
We miss you !!!!!!
love Jenna on Today show... sweet precious granddaughters...
Beautiful family. Thank you for reminding us we will be okay
Beautiful family 
Merry Christmas! Beautiful picture and family!
Very nice!  Merry Christmas!
Beautiful portrait of a beautiful, caring, dignified family patriots  serving always. Hope you had a very Merry Christmas and hope you all have a wonderful new year.
Is that a shock collar on the dog??
Merry Christmas to the Bush family and have a blessed New Year!
Loved the Scottie’s but this guy is the best! Adopt adopt adopt! #WhoRescuedWho Beautiful picture!
Lovely pic! Merry Christmas!
Grandparenting looks good on you & W. 
And Merry Christmas to your beautiful family as well!
Love and joy come to you and to you a glad Christmas too and God Bless you and send you a happy new year, God send u a happy new year!
These people are a class act.
Great picture!!!!
I am a democrat, but wish you were our President!  Beautiful family!  Thank you your service to our country!
Beautiful family!
What a beautiful picture
Merry Christmas you and your family, Mr. President.
That is preferable and way more likeable than anything @potus tweets these days. 
Beautiful Family Thanks
Great photo...merry Christmas
Please come back George!!!!!
Great picture I use to love the Bushes till I found out the truth so sad
Beautiful family! Wishing you all the best! Thank you for all that you continue to do!
Love!
Beautiful
Beautiful picture! Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to your family!
Beautiful photo! Merry Christmas and a Healthy Happy New Year to your beautiful family. 
Lovely photo of a fine family. Though I’m a Democrat, I MISS W!!
Very classy and cute! I love how you credit the photographer in this portrait. That is classy, like you. Signed, A Democrat
Beautiful family!
Even your pup is smiling! Merry Christmas!
Family!  Nothing more important in life!  Happy Holidays!
Lovely family
Merry Christmas to a lovely family
Great-looking dog but I prefer Mike Rowe's rescue puppy Freddy ;-)
That is a beautiful picture! Louise and Thelma approve!
I hope you and your family had a great Christmas
Merry Christmas to the Bush’s. I’m a democrat but I’d gladly welcome you back to replace the Baffoon in the White House now.
Amen. Remember, he did vote for Hillary! 
Beautiful Family the Bushes, Happy Holidays
And to think you were a nice person.
We love you Bushes!!!!
Aww.. real class and sophistication.
Thanks.
Such a beautiful family photo. Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas and Happy New Years to you and yours, with our gratitude. 2 vets:  Dr. Janet Bendell & @donbendell
Awesome family photo
Merry Christmas to the Bush family!!
Beautiful picture, Mr. President.
Beautiful family pic!  Thanks for sharing it.
That's great ! Merry Christmas.
#beautiful #family
You guys are looking pretty good.
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas to you beautiful family too!!!
Merry Cristmas! Beautiful Photo of a Beautiful Family!
Lovely Family, I love you!
Marry  Christmas and God bless all your big nice family!
Great photo!
Merry Christmas!! Poppy looks like Gma Laura!!
Merry Christmas to you and your family!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas from Pandamatenga, Botswana!
Just a wonderful picture!
Our lovely greetings to all of you.I am just surprised that Laura' smile remains the same through the years.@atikaCNN @cnnbrk @Tzipi_Livni @KellyannePolls @IvankaTrump We just do not have enough of her beautiful smile. @IvankaTrump @POTUS44 @SenJohnMcCain @PastorJohnHagee
#PedoGateNews #Pedogate We know. #childtrafficking
Merry Christmas from our family to yours#ChristmasDay2017 #MerryChristmas #family #texas
Merry Christmas!
Wonderful photo of a wonderful family.  Much respect to Mr. President and the First Lady.  Thank you for all you have done and continue to do for our country.
I didn't think much of your husband when he was in office but now I have a lot of respect for him. I always thought you were a wonderful first lady. Happy New Year.
Merry Christmas to you all
A good woman truly makes the man Merry Christmas
السيدة الأميركية الاولى السابقة لورا بوشنحياتي الرئيس الامريكي الأسبق جورج دابليو بوش تحياتي ينعاد عليكم وعلى حميع أفراد اسرتكم العيد عيد الميلاد المجيد تحياتي والسلام
No Grant Miller?  :)
