i wish Mrs Barbara Bush well and am praying for the family
Loved it Mrs Bush!  The best First Lady Ever!  I hope @TODAYshow will consider having u and Jenna do it together more often!
I think you and Michelle Obama are the best First Ladies ever!
#allthemwitches
you were great on it!!
Loved it!!!  you can fill Kathie Lee’s shoes anytime!  Literally!! 
Adorable Laura.
Mrs. Bush is so funny!!  I love the relationship between her and her girls... Jenna and Barbara.
FLOTUS Bush please ask President Bush to help save us from this madman in the Whitehouse.
So funny!  Loved it.
Loved seeing First Lady Laura Bush on Today, today!!!
@tango7576 
I was fully in love with Barbs at Austin High School and I do today...
Saw you guys on Youtube ... absolutly loved it . You look stunning Laura
Everyone loves Laura Bush.  Great.
Hope you had a great time!
Hello Mrs. Bush we LOVE Jenna!
I was so happy to watch your apparence on Today Show because something I want to share with you that last Feb. 6 I had the visit of my second greatgrandchild her name is “Mila” like your grandaughter.
Mila has an older brother Desi who is now 19 months. 
I thank God for my family
Wonderful woman
You’re once, twice, three times a Lady Mrs Bush and we all love you. God bless you.

I am so sorry I missed the show this  morning. Laura, you are my favorite first lady along with your mother-in-law. You both show so much class. Would love to have lunch with you, Jenna and both Barbara's. So much fun!!LOL Love W too!
I'm such a fan of yours, Mrs. Bush.  Thank you for being classy and graceful following your White House years.  You set a great example for how retired first ladies should behave.
Ladies are always thinking, together:) Happy Valentine's Day
Very nice .photo thanks.
Please......Too much information about Laura Bush's BRA SIZE. #LauraBushBRAsize
Thank you for being such a wonderful First Lady. Love you and your family
Great job!
It was a great show #webarbarabush
yes.
3 beautiful ladies, thanks for making my morning
I really love you First Lady Laura Bush. I miss you all in the White House! Hope you are having a wonderful life after that place!
So darling
Such wonderful women.  So much character, humor and entertaining.
3 favorites

I saw your mother this morning. What a class act
Loved seeing today with @JennaBushHager and Kathy! You are an inspiration 
Always such a lady and good sport #laurawbush
Love you, and President Bush!!!! Wish I could have seen the whole show, but had to take a cake to my granddaughter’s school for her Birthday. Hope you come back again!!!!!
Beautiful. My favorite first lady, besides your mother in law
She’s as beautiful as you are!
I laughed through the entire segmemt with you in it. Love that the girls pranked the White House. I also one time,went to spank my son and he also put a book down his pants. Glad he did. I hurt my hand on the book.m
Beautiful
You and your daughter were great on the show today. Both your beauty and charm are front and center!
I am laughing so hard right now watching you watch the porcupine looking for a female in the audience. Your reaction was priceless. Now we wait for the nutjobs who’ve hijacked our GOP to claim Clinton, Obama (insert Dem here) planted the porcupine to disrespect the 1st lady. 
I'm a Dem&wasn't a fan of the Bush administration; but the Bushes & Obamas are great parents, solid families,& raised wonderful children who give back to society in a positive way. Mrs. Bush was a great First Lady&Jenna always seems like a down-to-earth, kind person. Nice to see.
Always a Lady and our best first lady
Laura, Ur family is so wonderful and smart; and Ur married to such a wonderful past president; life has treated U well. God must love U.
Oh how I wish you were still the First Lady...
You wrote me a wonder letter. I still have it safe! I always love your family!
This was such a pleasant surprise this morning! I don’t watch as often , so happy I tuned  in   to Today today ! Jenna
Fun!
save some king cake and beignets for Dubya!
nice photo
Great segment! Put smile on my face! Wonderful to see former First Lady, she should of stayed and cohosted with Kathy Lee and her Jenna, how much fun that would of been!
What an amazing Lady.
I am home with the flu, so I was able to see this. Enjoyed your visit so much!! I’ve already texted my daughters and shared with them your story of President Bush and Barbara reading Jesus Calling each day then texting their thoughts about it!! #socool
It is great to see you looking as put together as ever.  I wonder if Jenna is aware that she has many physical mannerisms of her dad. 
You are the best. What a good sport. And what a great Mom.
Hello Beautiful Ladies! 
My better Angel 
Love the mother daughter banter!#sofunny#lovebond
Favorite First Lady Librarian! Totally fangirling here 
Loved Laura Bush with Jenna and Kathie Lee!
I heard you snd Jenna were at the Ritz Carlton in Naples  Fl. Wish I could have got off work to see you! Love Jenna on Today! 
Hellooooooooooo

Gmorning.

2! You'zz!

Have a .. 



        Happy! Valentine's! Day! 
Darn it!! I just want you to know if I would have known you were on there I would have recorded it! Still my most admired woman in today's world
On the one day I missed the show? Ordinarily we never miss when Jenna is on. Today would have been a double win with both you and Jenna there!!
I love you so much
We all adore your daughter, & you are forever our First Lady. Thoroughly enjoying your appearance on the show today! All the best to you & your family.
You look great! My mom met you years ago in MI and Bronners Christmas store in Frankenmuth. She worked there and was lucky to get photos with you. We love your family. Made my moms day. 
Nice outfit Kathie Lee
Little to much Botox, hurray toxin
My very favorite First Lady.  Are you available for tea and biscuits one day... (I wish...)  Susan
Aww I  this Mom & daughter moment
I hope you are on all week with them!!! So much fun...
Hey Mrs. Bush. You hold your own with those two!  Good job!

I'll make sure to watch Madam First Lady.
Good morning Laura.  Always nice to see your tweets.  Keep up intouch w our country & world & for the poor & vulerable citizen, too.
