Statement by President George W. Bush on the passing of Mrs. Barbara Bush: http://www.bushcenter.org/about-the-center/newsroom/press-releases/2018/04/statement-by-president-george-w-bush-on-the-passing-of-mrs-barbara-bush.html … 
Beautiful sentiment that so many Americans are feeling tonight. Thank you for sharing with us. Praying for the Bush family.
You two were awesome First Ladies.  Y’all will be in my prayers.
I’m sure she was content and happy that her family and country adored her.  Take care of #41. I’m sending my love and strength to him. Love you Laura.
Prayers for your family. The Bush women are a class act and definitely make America better. Much love to you and yours.
She was an amazing woman. May she Rest In Peace
My Uncle,Tom Dermody, served on her USSS detail. She was beloved by all. Tom passed 18 months ago, but I'd bet he was waiting to pick up her coverage at St. Peter's Gate.
America mourns with you. So sorry for your loss.
She was a great lady. Thoughts and prayers for the entire Bush family.
I loved her bluntness. She was a rare combination of high dignity and straight talk. My sympathy to you and your family.
This is such sad news...Barbara Bush was such a classy lady and a wonderful example. I loved her pearls and not that mine are real but every time I wore mine I felt as though I had a bit of Barbara Bushes class....deepest sympathy to you and your family.
My two favorite First Ladies, especially for the qualities mentioned. Yes, she will truly be missed by a grateful nation.
My condolence to the Bush Family. Ms. Bush may her soul Rest In Peace . I sustained a disability injury during construction. The workers compensation was dragging their foot to pay for sustain my family. Ms bush wrote a letter for me and I got paid.I thank her mighty pen she care
Please accept my sincere condolences for your loss 
First Lady Barbara Bush was priceless...just as you are also, First Lady Laura Bush...we love you.
I’m deeply sorry for your loss. God bless you and your family.
Very sorry for your loss she was a lovely woman as are you
Rest in Peace Barbara Bush. You were one nice  and dignified lady. RIP
From Our Family To yours God Bless
Very sorry for your loss.
Heartfelt sympathy for your loss. What an honorable  First Lady and woman.
Very sorry for your family’s loss. May time and togetherness bring you peace and relief.
I'm so sorry and wish you peace. Barbara Bush fought the good fight & decided to pass, which was courageous in and of itself. You both fought hard for education as FLOTUS, & while I didn't agree with all  (No Child Left Behind-Sorry), I admire the passion you both exhibited. RIP.
She was my beautiful grandmothers role model. She always wore her pearls from the inspiration she felt from Mrs. Bush. God bless you all 
So sorry for your loss. She will always be remembered and missed. She represented true class. All women could only hope to be the kind of lady and Barbara Bush was. God Bless your family
I met Mrs. Bush in Dallas once & said I heard her speak at my college. She gave me a steely eyed look & asked, “And? Did you graduate?” I stammered, “Yes, ma’am!” She smiled & said, “Well done!” She wasn’t even MY grandmother & I was STILL relieved that I gave the right answer!
.@laurawbush we’re sending our heartfelt love,prayers and sympathy RIP Barbara God Speed 
Our hearts and prayers are with you and your family tonight. I was privileged to meet your mother-in-law and father-in-law. She was an absolute delight. We love y’all and think the world of you. May the Lord comfort all of you in these days and always.
So very sorry for you and your family’s huge loss. She was so amazing.
Thanks for sharing her with us xxxxoooo
My sincere condolences.
You are all in our thoughts and prayers. We loved your mom and love you.
To President George W. Bush & Family, I'm so sorry to hear of your Mom's passing.  I loved her no nonsense approach to life, her humor and her book about Millie, their dog.  I loved how she loved your Dad!
We are sorry for your loss, Mrs Bush, and grateful for the wonderful service both you and Mrs. Bush gave to our country as First Ladies.
Rest in Peace to a classy First Lady. She is in heaven now.  Our thoughts and prayers to the  Bush family.
My sincere condolences to you, Mrs. Bush, and the entire Bush family. RIP Mrs. Barbara Bush. There will never be another First Lady like her. I'm a Democrat, but she won me over years ago (so did you). She will be missed by this proud American and many others.
Sorry to hear about your mom
my loving thoughts are with you and your family.

Two wonderful examples! I know our words will never be adequate, but God's peace and love always will. With much love to the entire Bush family!
She was one of a kind and will be dearly missed. Peace and comfort to your family. 
Much Love to the entire Bush Family Laura!!!  She was so genuine and kind!  With Sympathy!!! 
At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, winning one more verdict, or not closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband, a child, a friend, or a parent.  April 17, 2018 #TributetoBarbaraBush
The relationship you both had was absolutely beautiful! I love how she always referred to you as her favorite First Lady. 
This is a beautiful tribute to a beautiful woman from another beautiful woman. Thank you Mrs. Bush!
Sad to think a generation will never have known her. But can't help but think, through history, she'll continue to bring a smile to our faces. So if history teaches us anything, a 1st lady always smiles in adversity.
Such a great lady with an unforgettable and amazing smile only she had. Nobody could shine like she did.
Our deepest sympathy on the loss of a wonderful woman. Her service, support, and inspiration to my generation will live on. Godspeed Mrs.Bush
I’m wearing my pearls today. #PearlsForBarbara
We lost a legend and God gained a beautiful angel.
An inspiration to all, an American icon!!! Love and respect to the entire Bush family, and all who love her.

I'm so sorry for your loss. She was a wonderful woman. May she rest in peace.
May the Lord bless your entire family. America shares your loss.
I’m so sorry for your loss and ours.
Sending prayers to you and your family
Class personified
Praying for your family 
I was fortunate to meet Mrs Bush at the 2004 RNC in NYC.
 We worked hard to bring the convention to NYC. I got to thank her for the Pres shout out to NYC labor post 9/11 for working  with the Assoc for a Better NY and its leadership.She was so warm. R.I.P& comfort to Bush family
The vast majority of people's thoughts and prayers are with you and the entire Bush family. I hope the overwhelming positive responses will drown out those of ill-tempered heart.
Poorer?  She was wealthy her whole life.  But didn’t care about the poor souls following Katrina.
Yeah right, you know you just graduated to HEAD OWL. #WITCHES! I doubt she is even dead, cause im pretty sure you are all meant to face the judgement coming from Heaven by FIRE!  #BurnForever
So very sorry for your loss. Peace be with you as you all heal your grief. 
Pure class, such a loss to the country. My condolences.
May she rest in peace. I'm so sorry for your loss you are in my thoughts and prayers
Our deepest condolences to you and your family Laura. Mrs Barbara Bush was a classy lady and a role model for me and so many others. Yes she is now with her Lord!
Barbara Bush was a #TrueLady in every sense of the word! She will be missed in a time when she was a rarity! My heart goes out to the Bush family!
Two beautiful and classy First Ladies of our country.  Barbsra was a force we could all relate to and she surely taught us how great love is.  My heart and prayers are with The Bush family at this tIme.
My condolences to you & your wonderful family. My mother passed from the exact same illness. 1 Thessalonians 4-:14-:18
Sorry for your loss. May she R.I.P.
Sad to hear of passing of First Lady, prayers to Bush Family Wonderful life and lovely person and great role model
I mourn with you. Thoughts and prayers to the Bush family. #BarbaraBush
Barbara Bush was a Lady Of Definately distinction & Love

Remembering Barbara Bush .....
#WednesdayWisdom Who Knew 
 What Have We Been Voting 4
Do We Understand Why Nothing Ever Got Done NOW …
Rest In Peace, dear, sweet First Lady. You’ve made Americans proud and we will never forget you.
Your family is in our thoughts tonight. What a gift she was to our country.
Your family is in my thoughts and prayers tonight. I hope the outpouring of fond memories shared over the coming days brings comfort to you and the entire Bush family. 
@laurawbush Good Morning! Sorry for your loss. Hope you, #GeorgeWBush43 @JennaBushHager and Barbara and doing well today. My thoughts and prayers go out to you and your family...God Bless!
There is a silver lining it is the Legacy and the lessons of Barbara Bush America's First Lady #AClass Act
http://server.firefighters.org/gooden/silver_lining.mp3 …
To the Bush family thank you for sharing Barbara with the world because Barbara share the world with us her example of character No Nonsense funny loving a woman truly a power and integrity without ever compromising her femininity she was America's Queen good night my Lady
You are so right! We and especially you are left to mourn her loss while she joyful reunites with sweet Robin and other family members! All my love !!
Sorry about your loss
Many prayers to your family
May god bless you all
I pray you will be comforted in the days to come as you remember the deep love you had for one another. We mourn with you and George. 
I knew you when I taught at Preston Holliw. I am deeply sorry for your loss. Praying comfort for you all. (I used to be Miss Fleming)
sending all the angels i could find to guide her Home and to watch over the whole family...
I am gonna miss her unforgettable smile only she had. We will all miss you desperately.
May she always “Live” in the people who “Love” and with never forget her
Lifting you all up in prayer. Mrs.Bush was an awesome person and a great 1st Lady. This Nation was very proud of her and loved her dearly.  She will be missed.
Mrs. Bush was one class act. She will be missed.
So very sorry for your loss. Thoughts & prayers with your family. RIP Barbara Bush 
God bless you all tonight.
So very sorry for your loss. I always thought Barbara Bush would have made a marvelous POTUS. A lady before her time. A steel fist in a velvet glove. My kinda girlWishing you God’s Grace to gently linger amongst you all.
Every person I heard speak about her that worked in the White House while she was FLOTUS all said they same thing..she treated them like family, even went down into the basement area to see the engineers to speak with them and say hello. She was a very classy lady. R.I.P. 
My condolences for your loss
I’m missing my Father in Law tonight also, he passed Thurs April 12 of the same medical issues. He was just as amazing yet unknown to most.. doesn’t make his passing any less relevant to hers, sorry.. not sorry
God Bless you and your at this time.
Condolences to the Bush family. How fortunate you all were to have her as a guiding light. She was a wonderful First Lady.
Sending love and prayers to you and your family. Especially to 41.
Deepest condolences for you and your family.
I am so sorry for your loss.  She was an amazing woman who did so much good for this world. Your family is in my prayers.
She lived a great life with so many accomplishments we can’t even count... or keep track! God bless you and the entire family. Heaven gained a beautiful angel to watch over all of us....
Prayers of comfort for you and your family.  She was an extraordinary lady and I am so thankful you had her as a mother-in-law.  How lucky you were.  =)
What a lovely and classy lady. Prayers to you and all of your family.
Prayers for your family Mrs. Bush. We can never have our loved ones long enough. May you feel God’s nearness as you grieve your deep loss. 
Our prayers are with the entire Bush family tonight.
So very sorry!
I am sorry for your family's loss. Mrs. Bush was a wonderful lady.

Blessings. 
Sending love to your family tonight, @laurawbush .
Our hearts and prayers are with you and your family today.  Nothing more beautiful in this life than the live, counsel and support of your Mother-in law.   May her memory be eternal.   We celebrate her life, as it was truly well lived!   Her love lives on in all of you.

She was an absolute class act !! Not many like her !! 
God Bless. She was much admired in our family.
So sorry for your loss. 
I agree laura
Remember when our first lady’s had class? They weren’t the President’s 25 year younger 3rd wife who has done lesbian nude photo shoots for money. Good thing Trump is making America great again
This is Barb, give this message to my son G. I cannot believe how bad it really is for A. Get her out of New York, before they “accidently” kill her. She would love to go to Dallas. She is nothing more than a guinea pig to C.. and F.. We Need her.
I love you more than life, Barb
And ours James and Patrice Havens of MS..I tried to get flowers to you n Mr George Bush there in Crawford TX but my flowers hop sd ya http://moved.so  God Bless you all
Okk maybe I can get my mom condolences for your family my mom is ret. Honorable Ellen Bishop mayor of Iredell TX Bosque Co.
The FACES OF CORRUPTION.  America loathes you and everything you stand for.  GO TRUMP 2020!
You are the perfect Lady to continue her quest for compassion and decency.
God bless you and your family. She was an amazing women I looked up to as well as an iconic and successful first lady .xxxooo
Thank God for Texans !
You and the Family will have my sincere condolences. 
@NYRRT 
Thank You For Your Service @barbarabush41,
" REST IN PEACE " !
@GeorgeHWBush
@laurawbush
@GeorgeWBush @BarbaraBushFdn
Missing Babs, too. You & she are beautiful women. Both inspired me through my working-mama years. Many thanks  and Prayers.
So sorry for your loss! Thoughts and prayers to you and your family!
Sending the family prayers and wish your father in law a speedy recovery
I am so sorry to hear of your father-in-law's illness.  I hope he recovers quickly, so that you can all spend time together this summer in Maine.  
Sorry for the tough time your family is having right now. If you need some Teddy love, we would gladly pay your family a visit.
A Tribute to My Heroine
SUNDAY, APRIL 22, 2018
By Leah M. Christie 
Who in their right mind would refuse a check from Barbara Bush?
Me. Yep. That would be me. 
https://www.facebook.com/notes/not-on-this-watch/a-tribute-to-my-heroine/1777805125573695/ …
I know how loving a Mother-N-Law can be,for I had one!I always felt close to the Bush family because Former First Lady Barbara Bush made the whole Country feel loved!She stood fast in her belief's&she emplemented things to strengthen our Country's families! God Bless her sweetly!
Hello dear
Your family is in my prayers.  Would have loved to have dinner with Ms. Barbara.  She was the perfect example of strength, class and grace.
We are all missing your mother-in-law.  She was a wonderful advocate for literacy and common sense.
First Lady, we are the people of Israel loved and remember Barbara Bush.
And sending our condolences to the entire Bush family.
be strong! 
Tragic loss for the world. Such an inspiring woman and earth angel. <3 A benevolent dictator and loved by all. I am bummed I lost Barbara's book she gave to me in 2011 that was signed. :(
God Blessing on her Wonderful Soul..may she Rest In Peace, Condolences to All
Sorry for the loss. Sending condolences to you and the two former Presidents. @GeorgeHWBush @TheBushCenter #Afghanistan, #USA
She will be dearly missed. Lots of love to the family.
I was humbled and blessed to be greeted and thanked by President Bush and Dorothy. I was honored to shake their hands. A sweet day I’ll never forget.
Laura my love to you and the family Barb was a beautiful woman my condolences.... May she RIP!! 
I'm thinking of you and your family's. Praying for blessing for your family's.
So sorry for you loss, she was a classy woman!
What a loss. Condolences to the family.  We could use her (and your) grace in the White House now.  May her memory be for a blessing.
She will be missed. She was loved and admired by so many. Prayers are with all of you. May God’s grace comfort you.
The country became poorer with your family in office...thanks I guess.
Now why did I know to expect to hear your voice Mrs. L Bush ?  Because you have always been a Lady of true heart and soul. Not bashful but respectfully reserve. I share in your families great loss.
@TheBushCenter You will be glad to know that your darling mother in-law isn't dead, but sleeping, for you shall yet be with her.
You and Barbara are my favorite First Ladies. Truly we have lost a treasure! May I do something in her memory to bring a little peace and joy or champion literacy and doing the right and decent thing no matter what! We miss you Mrs. Barbara Bush! Love to you @laurawbush
So sorry for your families loss.  The world also has a loss.
God Bless her soul and your grieving family. You are all loved.
My deepest sympathy to you and all the family. She will be missed! !
Prayers for your dear family!
She was a wonderful, smart, and strong woman.
I am sorry for your loss. Mrs. Bush was a wonderful woman. Prayers to you and all of your family!
I remembered when President Bush was dancing the LIBERIAN CULTURAL DANCE during Ellen Johnson Sirleaf's first Inauguration......
That was Awesome.....
I am a Democrat,but I love the Bushes
Rest In PERPETUAL PEACE Barb......
The World is already MISSING you.....
1989 your husband brought change to Liberia, Today we have one of the Best Presidents the World could ever imagine......
THANKS A MILLION......
Our President is the next Nelson Mandela.
Condolences to you and your entire family.
You did her proud
We all feel the sadness of losing America’s gradmother 
Prayers and condolences on the loss of your mother in law. Mrs. Bush was an incredible first lady and wonderful woman. Our prayers are with you. God bless!
May she Rest In Peace. Prayers to the family.
Praying for the Bush family.  Our hearts are heavy also.  She was a beautiful, loving and kind First Lady.   She will be missed.
An American treasure she was Blessings of comfort to the Bush family in this sad time Prayer for President George H Bush
Positive thoughts and hopes for healing for your family and continuing the good works she laid the foundation for!
Mrs. Bush you and your family have been and continue to inspire myself and my family! You are among the most beautiful and elegant first lady's we've ever had in America! We are praying for you and your family! May your future be brighter and have less suffering in it. God Bless!
Condolences for your loss.
Our prayers are with you and your family.  She will be truly missed.
I have met your mother in law and I had met your father-in-law and they were the greatest people on earth and she will be missed by true Americans

My condolences to your family.
So sorry for your loss of such a beautiful lady who was the essence of strength and dignity.
She looks very royal, RIP.
She was a incredible classy, kind lady and someone to look up to sorry for your loss..
@laurawbush My Mom past away about 3 years ago..She was 90..collected Dolls had about 2500...One in particular in a Red Dress.."Barbara Bush" She just loved your Mom in Law as many did..Sorry for your Loss.  Pete in Utah
We all are. Even those of us who were not as close as you and your family. She was a great person and her legacy will continue.
Thank you and the President so much for sharing on Maria's show this morning. God bless.

Once I was lucky to have a good seat at an Astros game. B and G Bush had seats right behind home plate. The umpire made a call  she did NOT agree with. Shaking her finger, she let him have it!  Players laughed. Crowd d it.  So glad she saw them win the series. #RIP Barbara
My condolences to you and your family.  She will be missed.
She was a beautiful soul! As are you and your daughters. I look forward to watching Jenna on the today show. Sorry for your loss.
So sorry! She seemed like a lovely lady and your right the world has lost a beautiful pillar of the community. I pray President Bush is not sad knowing that he’ll see her again.

God bless!
