
WONDERING IF SHE BROUGHT HER "CARD" WITH HER ?? 
A CELEBRATION OF ALL THE EVIL "THEIR MEN" REPRESENT ...........

#OBAMAGATE
#Haiti 
#IRAQ
#Iran 
#PedoGate 
#NWO
PAY BACK FOR ALL THE $$$$$ CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS $$$$$$ 
OSAMBO'S  #StyleofInfluence .....
PAY BACK FOR ALL THE $$$$$ CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS $$$$$$ 
DUBYA'S  #StyleofInfluence .....
ONLY OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP HAD THE BALLS TO DEAL WITH THE SAUDIS
TRUMP'S  #StyleofInfluence ......
A REAL AMERICAN PRESIDENT RESPECTED IN SAUDI ARABIA !!
ONLY "RED CARPET" TREATMENT FOR OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP !! 
@realDonaldTrump 

ONLY TRUMP MAKES AMERICA PROUD #MAGA !! 
NO #NWO WITH TRUMP


I am ashamed I voted for your husband 2x's. I never knew he was NWO.  I know now his true character, it appalls me.

spoken like the foul mouth liberal you seem to be.  hope Mrs. Bush realizes just how low her fans go. I'll go higher, I'll just mute you while I say a prayer you learn words with more than 4 letters.
DRINK SOME PISS, LIKE TRUMP!
I thought the Bushes didn't support racism.  Thats all the Obama's know. That's also all they pushed for, for 8 years.

So withdraw, no need to to announce it. Bye.
QUEEN OF DARKNESS - MICHELLE IS THAT YOU ??
Wow.
These people are showing their true colors.
Any chance you’d invite Melania?  So disappointed.
PROBABLY NO INVITE TO MELANIA - JEALOUS OF YOUTH & BEAUTY !!
Melania will never be the man Michelle was! Never! @clarissamehler @rebeccajoc @laurawbush @TheBushCenter @MichelleObama
TOO FUNNY !!
Too funny
which one of these grown adults were u? @WGinetta @clarissamehler @rebeccajoc @MichelleObama
I would suggest coming back with a real argument. You obviously don’t have one. 

Question, what university did Malaria graduate from? What degrees does she hold?
so...did you grow up an illegal alien? @WGinetta @clarissamehler @rebeccajoc @MichelleObama
The hateful comments on this post make me so sad. But knowing the kinds of injustices these amazing women have to endure, and rise above, make me appreciate them so much more, especially Mrs. Obama.
Most negatively commenting are Russian bots...if they have a series of numbers after the name...bots. Everyone else recognizes the beauty of the tweet and picture.
Sadly, many of them are not. And some of them actually feel compelled to point out in their profiles that they are "Christians." Sigh.
That's the saddest part.
So what's with the Bush family hate for our President Trump?  You'd rather celebrate Deep State Obamas?  Why not invite Melania?  I campaigned for George but I am saddened by his support for anti America Obama.
I am so sorry I ever voted for Bush!! Obama blamed Bush for 8 long years! Bush never had the guts to defend himself!
President Trump-Greatest President of My Lifetime!!
Amen.  He's not who we thought he was.  There was a picture of he  &  other past presidents at Illuminati mtg at Bohemian Grove & worshipping an idol.  It's on You Tube.
Wow @MELANIATRUMP @FLOTUS should be your honored guest, this woman @MichelleObama is a racist and doesn’t hide it well

That's a lot of class in one picture! 
No class
Warms my heart seeing two establishment party elite Globalist sell outs come together for Americas delivery into the One World Order. Pardon me if I don’t stand & applaud.
Had a very special guest at @TheBushCenter yesterday, just in time for #IWD2018. Thank you, @MichelleObama, for visiting our Institute and new Museum exhibit #StyleofInfluence. And thanks especially for your…
Sorry for yawning.
How did she empower anyone?  Her school lunches were a disaster. Ran up millions of dollars of debt 4 taxpayers . NOT a good role model.

Two beautiful strong women
They’re lovely but they’re globalists. Obama’s, Bushes, and Clinton’s are all NWO globalists. They stick together.
Probably trying to see how much Bush spent on his museum.. maybe will try to out do him...
Two classy ladies.
Definitely not two ladies. You would be counting Michael Obama as a lady. Both women are Globalists and Russian collaborators.
Jon....Laura Bush and Michelle Obama are both wonderful role models for women and girls. I’m sorry that you think otherwise.
These two women Are role models for girls and women.
Goodbye.
“Wonderful role model for women and girls”? I’m sorry that you’re delusional, but here is a better role model!
Here’s another Great “role model for women & girls”!
Oh, we can’t forget this Great “role model for women & girls”! @DLoesch #NRAParents 
So Michelle is a role model, someone who was never proud of being an American until she became First Lady?  Where is Melania?
Talkin to Stormy
Fake news.
2 of my favorite women in the world
Thank God for President Donald J Trump!
Lmao! All the Leftist on this TL praising the women they called horrible things while GWB was in office
I actually voted for W twice, which I regretted, but while I think he was a terrible president I believe he’s a good man with heart. Unlike what is sitting in the WH now.
Why did you vote for him?
Why do feel he was terrible Pres.?
So lovely to see you both together! reminds us that we can all stand together for the common good.

How adults get along @realDonaldTrump...
Change the name to the NWO Globalist center
Well this just warmed my heart about a billion percent 
I Absolutely  This
Time for you and George & Obamas to quietly retreat from public life.
Obama has NWO commitment to head the U.N. part of why Rothschild & Soros bought and paid for his Noble Prize. His evil will continue.
Blech...
My thoughts exactly!

You're a disgrace to women. Tell us about how your father in law sexually molested Cathy O'Brien's 4 year old daughter. Haven't you read her book?
I can’t believe how the Entire Bush family has treated President & Mrs. Trump! Obama’s NEVER were kind to Bush and blamed him for 8 long years for everything! Both Obamas have done nothing but divide our country!  Sickening 
MAGA 
Yes We gathered that your all swamp buddies
Who is the dude visiting with Laura Bush
More of this, please!
These women both raised decent young women and served our country honorably. Quite a contrast with current FLOTUs.
Wow Laura, I always had great respect for you. You invite Michelle & not Melania.. what a shame
Is Michelle going bald?
Awww so sweet Laura. What pray tell did you two talk about? New globalist Members? PlNs for a #NWO gala. Your husband was a sheep in wolves clothing as is all the Bushes...Thank heavens Jeb didn't come near WINNING! Funny how you and Obama's are so tight
Bunch of bill crap is what as t it is!
Yup both on the same team. No matter anymore red or blue, It's #ElitesVsAntiestablishment
Ahh don't you two Globalist look so cute together. Where is the rest of the cabal! You thought you could fool the patriots and destroy America! Wrong! God bless @realDonaldTrump . He is fighting against your evil! @sportymom5n2 @Rebeccadiefend5 @annvandersteel @rodican19
I have had the pleasure of photograhing Mrs Obama and President Obama for 2 years at the White House. Look forward to the photo exhibit I am working on and a real honour , both of you.Mrs Bush may I photograph you as well so it is a non partisan exhibit?
Gag me
TRAITOR! Soooooooo disappointed! #MOOCHelle #ObozoGate #LockThemAllUp
#Barf x 
#GirlFriendGoals4Life!
The Bush Crime Cartel is DONE. Bye bye Luciferians.
Trash!

Both husbands will spend their remaining days in Gitmo. Good company. #41 #42 #43 #44
Dream on..
Just you wait and see. #TheStormIsComing
I cannot tell you how much I dislike this picture.  It disappoints me that Laura Bush chose this picture to post. It's one more jab by the Bushes at President Trump. The only reason Laura posted it is because Donald Trump is president. The Bushes are not who I thought they were.
So President Trump beats your bro in law and now you and Michelle are besties?
Huh? She & her Husband bashed George for 8 years. Utterly ridiculous.
Yet she didn’t have time for @BillyGraham funeral?  #motives
Well we know the Obamas are trying to lick up to our past presidents so that he doesn’t go down as the worse in history
You've got to be kidding, right?
Funny how all these obama ppl-Now like the Bush Family!! They blamed 43 for everything that went wrong-Bush never took up for his self. Now America FINALLY has a true President & First Lady that truly love all Americans! No Race Card needed!! MAGA 
What has Michelle Obama done for woman? Did she empower young woman? The answer is nothing and no!
Upstanding, respectful women respecting each other. Loud applause.
This is so lovely. Thank you for the wonderful warm friendship you and your families have created. Two role models for women and America
It’s a shame these “classy” ladies don’t give our FLOTUS a chance. She just as classy.
Michelle is a woman??????....


You are simply awesome  beyond compare ....my idol
All Members of the SAME  CLUB 
 @POTUS #HRCVideo 
Where We Go 1 We Go All #MEGA 
#ArmyOfTrump #WeThePeople 
#FridayFeeling #Qanon #Winning 
What's @laurawbush doing with that dude?!?! #Mooch #RINO
Sickening to see Laura Bush and Michelle Obama together at the Bush Center. When principles break down!
Wow grown-ups!
Where?
Yadza yada yada globalist stick together. Michelle using visit to make ppl think Obamas &  usher r close.maybe more thanuthink!
Bushes
SOCIALIST
Two amazing First Ladies who championed causes essential to our nation. Thank you for your service.
It’s always a happy moment when I see Michelle Obama.  It’s like a moment of sunshine, joy and hope in this dystopian nightmare.
Go away..... you are an elite promoting everything bad...... your aim is to enslave the world for your greed.....  you are done like Obama’s & Clinton’s..... “You are who you hang with!”  Sad  for you all...... you STEAL NO MORE
I  really  thought  you were a very  smart  lady.  After  reading  this  not so much!
Why not a woman with class and style like Melania Trump? You’ve sullied yourself Mrs. Bush.
You have a lot in common, both your husbands failed our country and left it worse off. Sorry, but that’s the honest truth.
I love this on so many levels!
They believe that killing babies is ok. Not very empowering to me.

Really? No problem for them Blaming your Husband for their problems then again Bush and Obama put this country in a hole w their Globalist and their ineptitude...
Laura, it is very disgusting how you and your better-half are such sycophants of the Marxist, Saul Alinsky Obamas.   #MAGA #GoHighEnergyTrump
I've been reading how Prescott Bush financed Hitler and the Nazis. You Globalist Elites never change. First you hang with the Clintons, and now this. #GOPe #DeepState
  
Funny how they blamed your husband for everything during King Barry’s reign.



Thank you both for this demonstration that we - as Americans - can appreciate people and their actions regardless of political affiliation.
Two lovely ladies!!
Mrs. Bush I have no words so I will leave it at that.
Was Crooked Hillery invited? And is Mrs Obama a Man?
Two very class acts, and role models for all...
When you lie with dogs
Her husband (Obama) should be in jail.
  
Childish
Oh Please
I see Laura, who's the guy next to her ???
This is good and decent politics.

The openness, and brazenness of how corrupt and cahoots you all were turns my stomach.
#LockThemAllUp
Serious! Whose water are u drink n Texas?
They’re getting the band back together.
This is cool. Grown folks acting like grown folks and role models..
Truly the best example of kind, considerate and classy American leadership, Laura Bush.
I absolutely love this
Two of the best First Ladies with really classy guys by their side!!!
I always thought the Bush Family was great, even on those occasions I disagreed with various positions. And the Obamas are fine humans. May this tribe of statesmen increase.
Two beautiful women right there. Thank you for working together to make the world a better place. I love you both!
What a crock. For publicity purposes only. #Phonies of the globalist canal.
This is what Former First Ladies do ! They are class acts ! So, what does Melania Do ? She reviews her pre-nup daily just to count the days or when he does something that she can act on.....@realDonaldTrump
Funny what photo ops will do to turn the Dems years of hate towards the name Bush into a love fest.
How’s the dude on the left?
The one thing I observed in the recent memorial service for Billy Graham was how many times he was criticized for talking with or meeting with someone who clearly didn't believe the way he did. Instead of dividing, he United. Proud of you for keeping it classy.
So nice to see you two beautiful ladies together.  Very disappointed with all the negative tweets.  You are human beings first, politics aside.  People don’t know how to be respectful and decent anymore!  Fed up with all the harsh words about everything!
If you say so.
Really you 2 are friends now after they made all nasty comments about your husband.... hypocrisy @ it’s highest!!!
Uniparty... we should BAN ALL political parties. No difference until Trump showed up. W , Jeb and old man bush made an INDEPENDENT of me.
Looks like @MichelleObama is transitioning nicely on this #IWD2018...

You guys should teach Melania how to be a proper First Lady.
You know what they say about birds of a feather. In this case it's Anti-American globalists!
Beautiful. Smart. Intelligent. Amazing. First Ladies
So many hateful comments on Twitter in response to this #Sad!

Two of the classiest women, thank you for all that you do and have done
You two are great! 
 @gmillerphoto
*this* is how you FLOTUS
Top 2 First Ladies of our time. So sad that this type of civility is missing from our current political discourse.
Love both ladies. They are the  best
I call this the "Dynamic Duo". A wonderful photo.
What a great pair of bright, influential women.  You are both on my list of people I'd like to meet.
Well done, Laura Welch Bush!
Have you invited our current First Lady?
Both of these ladies are inspirational good examples. Off to work now
Two of the greatest first ladies. Still using their influence to empower women all over the world. Thanks for continuing to support the cause.
Oh look, it's two #globalist elites hanging out.

#TickTock
Not a good pic of Michelle.


2 very classy first ladies.
Ew

Haven't you heard? "She" is.......
Mother of pearl that’s a huge necklace!
The two adorable first ladies
Two GREAT FLOTUS!
Empowering globalists that is

You are the epitome of elegance and graciousness.
From different points on political spectrum, but both intelligent, respected women of character and integrity. Haters here just love to hate

Did you ladies discuss The Bohemian Groove?
Mrs. Bush is far more classy and honorable than Michelle Obama.
Guess there's some class left in our country.
Two sad, pathetic women.
Seriously? You entertained a wookie?
#Two pretty first ladies hope they can have a really tight friendship every woman needs good friends
Thank you 1st Ladies for standing up for what is right in these difficult times.
Thank you to the FVEY community
Look real first ladies.
Two classy First Ladies.  May God bless you both. 
So happy to have the Bushes on Team-Patriot. Together we'll oust all corrupt, greedy govt officials who are shameless members of TeamTreason.

#Team-Patriot
Two WONDERFUL First Ladies.
Love this photo and these women and their daughters!!!
I bet you two ladies had a lot to talk about, and I also bet that you could share with the rest of us a thing or two on how to act despite our differences in a respectful calm and loving fashion
What? @MichelleObama wasn't there. She was with me grabbing ice cream on the pier all day yesterday.
Thank you. Nickname; Battery, Rolling Stones Finland and official Rock Embassy. I am Donald Trump diplomat.

Hanging with a Dude?

Racist
Mrs. Bush, that is a terrific portrait photogragh.  I would be happy and honored to paint a life size one in oils as a gift if you would like.  You may know one of my teachers Mark Carder.  Oops I dont want to step on hubbies toes.  George and I should hang out.  I am in D.C.
Oh, I am referring to your Avatar photo. It will make a terrific portrait in oil on canvas.  May I paint a copy and send it out to the Bush Center as a gift?
2 of our very best Flotus'!!
Two of the classiest ever! Mrs. Bush met your husband and father in law in College. I was in Xian, China. Chinese secret service would not let him take a picture, I yelled out to your father in law “How’s Barbara?” I got my picture & a great story of how she was! Thinking of her!
Lots in common-both beautiful ladies who are sympatico on abortion and gay marriage!
Hope you’re enjoying being in 1950
What has michelle done for empowering women? Give me one specific result? Just one


God I miss those day's ...makes me so sad
Hum hum hum rumor has it she's a man. Just like rumor has it that very wealthy people who live in glass houses shouldn't ever throw stones at Mr. Trump. Enough said.
Privilege vs Privilege pictured right here. #TalkAboutPrivilege
Where is that America? I want these people back!!!!
Class Acts
Instead of kissing the Obama boots, why aren't the Bushes supporting our President?  You are not helping our Country by your actions.
If we can make movies about our secret life and work, together through time, it could be funny...
Burb.
Trumpists don’t seem to understand that they sound, for the most part, exactly like Russian bots. Deal with them the way I dealt with Jared (reported and blocked) and make Twitter a little less nasty. And a lot less stupid.
Talking about how many people your husband's murdered?
Two classy gals.
Gag 
#GreatAwakeningWorldwide 
#GreatAwakening #WeThePeople 
#FridayFeeling #MAGA 
Ruling class swamp creatures
JUST WONDERINGWAS OUR @FLOTUS INVITEDIF NOT THIS WAS JUST A GOOD OLE’ CLASSY “SOUTHERN”  SLAP IN THE FACE (I KNOW IT WELL(;”
You are very special ladies indeed

I am disappointed in this.  She is the Enemy.
Thank you for being graceful FLOTUS and showing America how to get along despite differences.
Gag
Imagine Stormy Daniel joining them!
