Because Gorsuch does not work for you or your constituents. He is a judicial activist for the GOP donors.
@SenMajLeader 
@SenateGOP
#WeThePeople Demand #GorsuchHearing Stop
Until FBI #TrumpRussia Investigation is Over!
#NoGorsuch
Cant wait 4 #Gorsuch CONFIRMATION #Liberals will have an EPIC meltdown! Will be watching
"Piss off the opposition" isn't even valid in high school elections.
You crybabies should practice what you preach eh? 
I'm sure that meant something to you when you typed it.
I know, unless its written out w/definitions the left doesn't get it. 
How come you all liked him before Trump was elected?
#Ruth Bader Ginsburg refused to answer a question over 70 times during her confirmation hearings. Again remind you of this.
Everyone's upset because they can tell it smells like toe cheese and stale coffee at the hearing.
Because he's a fascist tool.
Republicans doesn't have to give you concessions for allowing Mr Gorsuch to be confirmed.  It's a done deal.  Get over it
too much to hide
#ConfirmGorsuch
DO NOT make a bargain with the Trump Bannon . Vote NO on Gorsuch. The SC just did. He's on the wrong side of USA values.
Because Trump isn't there to stick his hand up his ass and speak for him? @SenateDems
Do not back Gorsuch. This POTUS does not deserve a SCOTUS pick!
who knows. Who cares. Filibuster him. Stop posting tweets and do your job.
Stop pretending like there's anything Gorsuch could do so you wouldn't oppose him. This fight is about Garland so act like it.
As always, @SenateDems are letting the Republicans set parameters of what debate is about.
the hearings and failing Democrats are useless to American working people be useful, punch an elected Republican
NO deal with McConnell on Gorsuch.
Gorsuch as been obtuse and evasive
Making fools of yourselves! The man repeatedly says he'll follow the law.  U dopes want to see if he'll change the law for you.
Do you agree that the man who left a broken trailor to avoid freezing to death should have been fired?
these hearings shouldn't even be going on while there is an FBI investigation on the man who nominated him!
amen
This is why you all must #BlockGorsuch
@RealFuckedTimes it was like watching a really bad reality show. He was so theatrical and it was so obvious to all!  Hell no!
This is a perfect example of why you must PAUSE the confirmation hearing right now. Focus your attention solely on #TrumpRussia
because u bozo's blew it at election time. He doesn't need to say a damn thing and he will still get confirmed. Time to wake up!
Why is he afraid to tell people what he thinks?@gorsuch is pleading the 5th on grounds that it will definitely incriminate him!
Vote no on Gorsuch! No deals with Republicans!
There has better NOT be a deal to "let Gorsuch through." For women he's a disaster. I hope we primary EVERY ONE who caves.
No. 
No, no, NO!
because his answer will reveal his deep seeded desire to support the country's elite at the expense of everyone else Trump troll
DO NOT approve anyone until Garland is installed. Period. DO NOT deal with traitors eho ignore the Constitution
your leader was a traitor and your unAmerican. I am sickened by all of your behaviors! Shameful. We the ppl.spoke for a reason.
because he's a liar! Anti black, anti women, anti LBGTQ, anti am business! Just like Drumpf!
because he doesn't want to be charged with PURJURY.
if he does he KNOWS he is out of present job & any future job. His acting is so-so but it's still acting, refusal to answer bad!
amazed that these so called senators have the balls to lecture a SCOTUS nominee about decisions Gorsuch had no part of.
Filibuster. Filibuster. Filibuster. No confirmation of stolen Supreme Court seat. No confirmation while 45 under investigation.
Because he's not to be trusted, he will serve Trump's interests not  the American people.  NO on Gorsuch.
Ur all liars. How do u ppl sleep at night?
Dems have select memories concerning SOCTUS hearings! Hypocites, Franken got his JD from SNL now butt of jokes instead!
the american people who are awake, know the true agenda of the demorats, feel sorry for the ones that have been deceived
How many times did Ruth Bader Ginsberg refuse to answer questions again? Spare us your phony outrage
look up Ginsburg Kagan and Sotomayor. They didn't answer questions. Look it up.
Ask Ginsburg. The much Left applauded "no comment" machine.
IDK, why don't you ask Ruth Ginsberg?
because he's lying, was Scalia's buddy, and appt by a man with Russia connection!
clown Schumer.  Ruth the senile one didn"t
shut it all down until We Can Figure Out What The Hell Is Going On!!!!! Our government is compromised! #shutDowntheWH
@maziehirono Apparently U #Libtards dont understand PLAIN ENGLISH As a Judiciary, refuses 2answer 2give grounds 4 future recusal
Your questions are not fireworks in any way.  They are insulting to any attorney or judge that practice and serve in the Courts.
he answered the question. #GorsuchHearing being made a farce by zombies. u guys just vote no. DT nuclear. done.
this woman @maziehirono just questioned integrity of a sitting federal judge. thought that was out of bounds? #nastywoman
did @maziehirono just say dems r losers who cant win elections so there4 @gop gets to pick the #SCOTUS ? bernie hates democracy
#Gorsuch reminds me of Robert Bork...Bork may have answered questions, but he was such a smartass about it
right, politicians are known to be bastions of honesty
Last time I checked Judges are to uphold the law that the Senate and Congress pass. Not decide which laws they will follow.
You just dislike his level and reasoned answers. Sorry...
As a judge he will rule on cases presented to him based on the facts at hand.  Why ask him what his ruling will be now?
Because they understand requirement of recusal &are trying 2 NEGATE his appointment because they KNOW its gonna happen
consistently use Political divide not working toward the unity for the very people that put them into office.. Wasted Tax Dollar
Because to date not one person in this administration has answered anything.  Time Senate/Congress stand up and DEMAND answers
LoL how about the answers don't fit #DemonRat narrative so they don't LIKE the ones their getting 
He is, but, like Ginsberg, not how he will decide
because the Republican chair basically told him not to...that he didn't have to and it wasn't expected
#MERRICKGARLAND
Ask Gorsuch this: Should Senate health care plan cover medically unnecessary procedures such as @SenSchumer's hair transplant?
- because your questions are not questions, but mere attempts to malign character and promote relativism.
good question. He's a Trump Strepford judge
because Judge Gorsuch has not gotten one good question from the Dems.  The key word is STUPID!
Hold his feet to the fire.  He needs to answer questions.
@TheDemocrats @SenBlumenthal Judge Gorsuch is taking maneuver from @GOP playbook. Can't call you liar if U don't answer question
This is what it looks like to shut down conversation on what makes America truely great.
The same reason you will never get a straight answer from a politician.  Gorsuch can play your game better than you.   :)
Why did Ginsburg not answer?
That's like saying "Obama told ISIS about troop movements, why won't Trump". Because its STUPID.
He is answering questions. You just aren't listening. But the American people are. Loud and clear.
Because Gorsuch is acting like a Judge. Senate dems are losing badly.
Maybe because they are stupid, immoral, or loaded to trip him up talking about things he shouldn't. Despicable democrap games
What they don't want to understand is this is Theatre for the Dems.  He is getting the nomination. Case closed!
Pretty weak to not answer basic questions.
embarrassing yourselves with asinine questions  and broadcast live for all to see. More lost seats coming your way.
didn't Ruth Bader Ginsburg refuse to answer questions?
I have been watching both yesterday and today, he is answering questions when ask.
you're all trying set him up to fail but you're all the ones failing
something to hide
@CNN @MSNBC I think they don't try to nominate Judge,Republicans only attacking Democrats,i ts a war
None of Trump's nominees should be confirmed until an independent commission investigation is completed on Trump.  Do your jobs.
would have more power to fight these radical control freaks aka as radical GOP. Try @botresist; it works beautifully! Easy too!
because he will get confirmed no matter what. This administration has no accountability and we will pay a price!
politics is not an answer or exuse for not giving a reasonable answer
very good question. Time to use critical thinking skills and walk out, don't play the game.
Stop your Lynch mob!! You are making fools of yourselves!!
.@SenateDems If you confirm billionaire puppet Gorsuch, you'll looking for new jobs in 2018. Now's not the time to be weak! #GorsuchHearing
@maziehirono do not stay in any longer in these hearings the Democrats need to take a stand
because they're activist idealogues...
GOP coaching
If he were a REAL justice he would recognize that seat needs to be left vacant until trump/russia investigations are done.
Bc he wants to seem neutral, so evade and say golly, seem like a good ol boy, not falling 4 that.

#NoGorsuch #StolenSeat
@mattwhouse probably not best candidate if he won't give a definitive response.SCOTUS office relies on such answers to function.
Too slick & too evasive for his own good.

No confirman till non-treasonous legitimacy of 45 established.
kind of seems like you're frustrated that he's telling you to actually pass laws if you don't like his decisions
Obviously he is hiding something.Trump chose him for one of his hidden motives.
Who cares about the process? This is an illegitimate nomination from an illegitimate "president" installed by a Russian psy-op.
You ask Stupid questions on what he thinks about rulings. What he " Thinks" is irrelevant. They r over and done.
@HouseDemocrats DONT participate in D process of confirming a @Scotus  nominated by @POTUS under @FBI investigation #Walkout
he has answered questions but this has turned into a circus. We the people need you the politicians to work together.stop crying
Democrats lies
Previous SCOTUS nominees were also voted on by the Senate after being nominated by POTUS, that doesn't happen anymore either.
you are dragging your feet on this for nothing
chuck, I heard questions asked, he answered, maybe ask more clear questions, not fooling me
cause trump told him not to
Perhaps you need to read the transcript from Ginsberg's confirmation hearing. She didn't answer either.
Gorsuch is trying to hide his true self.
You are asking questions on how he'd judge a case that may come up. He responded appropriately.
#Filibuster wait for outcome of FBI investigation
You doofuses can't stop a very qualified good man.  Innapropriate 4 him 2 comment on cases that haven't been presented yet.
What is #Gorsuch hiding?
Give us a beak! Laughable...
unqualified and undeserving. No!
He didn't rehearse any *real* answers. Just denials and fluff.
VOTE NO!
two words for you: Nuclear Option.
@osborn1124 I mean c'mon who am I to judge
Because the dark money group groomed him for the last month on how to say nothing.
Democrats getting played exactly the same way you played Republicans. Suck it up buttercups!
It's a stolen seat. Refused to confirm before Garland!
Block Gorsuch everything you can do not let him in
because he is hinding the fact that Trump put him in the seat. Undo all that is good. The sin  of man is in charge.
I watched the hearing. You are liars! Posturing for your typical no-information voters. Proof that you think them all stupid.
And I believe you're right!
He talked like a polite car salesman. A lot of fluff, no substance.
Cause Gorsuch is nothing more than another swamp thing that can lie his way outta a paper bag. He is big business all the way.
Since the Reagan days they have groomed them well!!
Oh. So their "groomed", not just honest. That's a concept Damocraps just don't understand.
Neither do repubs.
pretty slimy guy
How about asking good questions, instead of political bullshit. Thank god we can see which Senate Dems. are idiots!
Example?
not true!
He needs to be able to give clear, definitive answers. His non-answers raise red flags
hmmm. Trumps appointing a justice in the final year of his presidency 
lol. You STILL don't get it do you?
lol. #GorsuchHearing and his case stats prove a mainstream conservative. @LindseyGrahamSC nailed this. dems pretentd high ground
why is he even being considered? He isn't Merrick Garland! Only question he needs to answer: is he Garland? Vote NO!
as you crybabies liked to say a few years ago... #ElectionsHaveConsequences 
@ImpeachB4_100 he's been well coached on how far to go
not meet criteria missed 20041988 Failure is all. @ILAttyGeneral ID card for ardc practice. @IDFPR add. Rochford guilty theft
If he won't answer questions then the hearing should be over. Next nominee up...
careful - the next nominee could be much worse knowing this cabal.
what's he not answering? I've been watching the entire thing and has appeared to answer all questions to me
it's apparent you all make false accusations because you know it will stick with most of your constituents
which is the main reason most people distrust politicians regardless of what side of the isle they're on
He will if you stop asking leading questions that ask for speculation.
Instructed by his nominator not to?
@mattwhouse No Democrat should vote for him! They stole our nomination of Garland!
he clearly won't. Ask him about his hiring practice both past and present.
because Trump already informed USA that he is God or God substitute at the least for the past 62 days.
what are you babbling about, you have lost your mind
if he won't answer any questions then it's not a 'hearing'. Reject him outright, firmly, and aggressively, Dems.
see my tweet above.
Because he knows that seat isn't his. #MerrickGarland
absence of prejudice?
Doesn't matter anyway - HE'S NOT GARLAND.
