What about all of us that are quite happy with our ACA health care? Why start over?
I think if u r single it's a good deal families are having a hard time
Great ! but to  coverage the public must replace Republicans in 2018 .Time for talking is over
OOP'S, IT IS DEAD AGAIN!!!!!
Where in the Constitution does it State that the Fed Gov has to provide Universal Health Care to all? Where does the money come from?
A.)It's the guiding words that the Constitution was founded on.

https://constitutioncenter.org/interactive-constitution/preamble …

A.) Taxes
Taxation without representation is theft!

I don't THINK I can read & comprehend
Hey Roxanne, my apologies. That gif was a reply to Allen.
I can comprehend and I do know what it means. Taxing the poor, allowing billions in waste fraud and abuse and wanting more taxes is theft.
Please tell where he plans to tax the poor? You quoted " Taxation without representation is theft!" Do you know why it was said?
Whos labors will pay for this so called right? Do I have a right to a free home next?
In South Africa, both are actually enshrined in their constituion. Also, your questions are not adequately phrased. You say labor, which means they are being paid for the service they are providing, which means there is truly no issue you are bringing up. Please, try again.
Oxymoron.  Universal healthcare is not affordable
Thank you for supporting the needs of the people, not just big industry/pharma! We need more Senators like yourself!
Go Bernie!
Leave America, tired of leftist raping my country
If you mean free for some. So others can pay for them, that is extortion and theft of working American citizens.
Hey
Great speech Bernie m My . MY HOPE THAT PEOPLE Will lesson.  And do something about it.
Another Attempt to Repeal Obama Care!! Tax Bill Re-names Obama Care; LIPSTICK ON A PIG IS STILL LIPSTICK ON A PIG!!!
Thank You!!! How can healthcare be a Privilege, when God Created All of His People To Be Equal???
Bless you for standing up to the truth and for your constiuents!!
Sorry the government has no business controlling are lives.. No big brother wanted are needed!!
With all the monies we've spent in illegals and Viagra. We all should have free health insurance.
There's no reason the richest country in the world should make its elderly play the Insurance game when sick.
#MedicareForAll
Hopefully sooner than later!!
All do RESPECT the Health Care -Elected OFFICIALS have ALLOWS YOU to HAVE FULL COVERAGE with PREMIUMS and EXEMPTIONS ( PAID)by TAX PAYERS
Hey
To the EVIL SPIRITED GOP MORONS: HORSE SHIT IS STILL HORSE SHIT!!  We will SERVE IT TO YOU ON A PAPER PLATE WITH A HOLE IN THE MIDDLE!!!
Thank you senator.
What do you mean by a right? Last time I looked anybody can pay to see a doctor or buy health insurance.
I
I agree
I decided to put a new complaint at DOCR hope you get to read it I emailed Steven director
Do you support stealing money from the rest of us to fund this? Do you support government control of medical providers wages?
Define stealing in your argument, it's too vague to actually pose a question right now. Also, government control of medical providers wages wasn't discussed in the original post, please remember the topic at hand.
While I will consider a single payer system, healthcare should not be defined as a right.
Please explain why, otherwise you simply have an indefensible opinion rather than a well thought out and persuasive argument.
There is no Constitutional right to healthcare.
Why should people who work and pay for healthcare have cuts made to their services to pay for people who don't work?
Medicare providers can alter your records to hide the seriousness of your emergency and substantiate their lack of proper care.
Medicare is substandard care. Don't ever become seriously ill on it.
Medicare providers take shortcuts that can kill you. The fail to give IV fluids, oxygen epi pen during anaphylaxis! Ambulance does the same!
What Planet R U From???  Medical Insurance/Care is not RIGHT.  Is owning a car a RIGHT.  Forget Immigrants - Recuse yourself
Good to know Mazie.
We could have that Senator if you and colleagues believed in freedom and Austrian Economics!
DO YOUR JOB!...FIX OBAMACARE!
What would happen if universal, affordable, accessible, quality gasoline became a right, not a privilege. #GasolineForAll long lines?
This has zero chance of passing Congress. What will you do to protect the #ACA and improve it?
BS, you just want more government control.
Thank you 
U support price gouging pharma and insurance companies. U wave shiny objects that won't pass .  while UR pimps pillage us all #publicoption
Idiot
Didn't you Dems say that the ACA will cure all the country's medical issues?
me too
Then maybe you should try fixing HC by minimizing cost of insurance and overhauling the pharma patent system rather than kill economy, dummy
Thank you for supporting #MedicareforAll!
Until Dems get their heads straight on immigration, I don't trust them to do anything but screw over Americans in service to their donors
Many other countries have similar coverage - it's about time we have it too!
Many thanks
I do not believe that Health care is a right-you can not force others to take care of you-that said-there is a reason to have single payer
Thank you, Senator! 
It should happen now. It will happen! Why not now?

Millions of lives at stake...
It seems a lot of Congress supports socialism. It's insanity.
Thank you senator Hirono. A voice of reason in this insanity
Thank you, Senator Hirono!  Please STOP @LindseyGrahamSC !
I'm all for universal healthcare, IF YOU TAKE IT OUT OF THE MILITARY BUDGET, and not from the people you pretend to 
You know what it cost me to have a baby in Canada? $15. One day + overnight parking. Yay universal healthcare!
Shouldn't be denied a pain free death.
Thank you Senator
Hell no.
Absolute madness...if you haven't worked all your life to pay for insurance you deserve what you get...or where born rich obvs...(jokes)
thank you, Senator Hirono
I was diagnosed with cancer 12-2016.  $3,000 in co-payments, 10 weeks out of work. Had to go back to work a month sooner than the Dr. said.
Libs in power always want to make people more dependable on the government. The more dependable the ppl get the more power the gov gets.
No you support government control more gov power over the people. Controlling people's healthcare just makes them more dependent on you.
How can it be a right if someone else has to provide it? Why is driving not a right? This is commie thinking
Thank you sanders
Sounds good. Not that easy. If it is a "right" are you prepared to force health care providers to deliver care regardless of need or cost?
Helt care is necessary like water and food
Who elected someone as dumb as you. Socialized healthcare does not work. Government does not belong in the healthcare business
Who's paying for it?
In lots of countries, taxes pay for schools, health care, police, roads, ambulance, defence. In the US what are taxes used for?
Then get new leaders
Thank you for your understanding
Thank you, Senator.
Mahalo Senator Hirono
@HillaryClinton is/was opposed to this policy.
Thank you Sen. Hirono!
The desperation from being strapped and branded feels like the "red scarlet" no one wants to be involved
Something to think about "financial abuse with psychological manipulation is the most scariest abuse to me.Alone no fam
I am writing to the Bbb to explain my situation I'm tired why all rhe qcts and laws if it doesn't work?
2 years of fighting for my civil rights and still no one to discuss matters , just a phone and laptop to communicate?
This is great senator! Thank you for your essence of life! My path to healthcare is still at a halt ! My life without a resolution
For shame on @NancyPelosi for not supporting the health Americans. Oh wait she's rich why would she? #MedicareForAll
A right? Who the hell is these peoples are for the taxpayers to take care of? What have they done for us to owe them? Did they go to war?
Thank you Senator!
Its a service.
so sweet of you and thats the sole concept of PHC
Thank you!
Thanks senator, why isnt #democraticparty coming out strongly in support for this bill
I support universal, affordable, accessible, quality firearms as a right, not a privilege. #FirearmsForAll
Show us your votes.
We love you, Mazie! Sending good thoughts your way.
MAHALO!!
Not a Dem., but also support single payer medical. Then need to look at the medical system and focus on best ways to cure patient. Now bad.
Mahalo senator Hirono!
Thank you, please stick with @SenSanders. He has integrity like no other. The time is long overdue to stand with the people.
I agree! Government needs to impose greater sanctions for those who blatantly defraud Medicare, reallocate funds toward Medicare deductible
Thank you Senator Hirono!!
I support universal access to @maziehirono's money and labor as a right, not a greedy hoarding of personal property. #freeshitbytheft
Explain how you're going to pay for it.
Don't applaud those who just started supporting healthcare4all & forget those that always did, like @RepBonnie
It just makes sense! The only ones who hate this wonderful idea are greedy and selfish people who get rich off of pharmaceutical companies
Be careful what you wish for. The VA is "Medicare for all" for Veterans. Horrible system. Horrible care. How would this be different?
Thank you for supporting affordable quality healthcare for all.
Thank you
Thank you so much, senator! Please go a step further and convince your colleagues to also support it. Americans desperately need it.
Politically expedient to say, but not going to pass anytime soon.  So, what are you planning to do to fix the current situation?
THANK YOU @maziehirono! As a medicaid recipient, I know the value of health care! #MedicareForAll #HealthCareNotWealthcare
Medicare is BK right? So I don't see how we can afford this but I'd like to see people insured, healthy & a clean, honest bill
yes!
I'd love 2 see the bills details but I agree,everyone deserves affordable, quality healthcare! It's the least Americans deserve
Thank you!!!!
Thank you!
Where in the Constitution is healthcare a right? Shouldn't it also be a right to refuse it?
How about universal, affordable, accessible, quality gasoline as a right, not a privilege.  Imagine the long lines for free gas?
Well we need free electricity for all now!  People have died because there was no air conditioning due to a lack of electricity.
Well said!
Trade in your healthcare plan for the one you are supporting and try it for a while. Let us know how you like it! Lead by example.
Thank you, Senator! #MedicareForAll
Thank you!!
Don Quixote's minion made a great statement. "Be careful what you pursue, you may have the misfortune of over taking it."
Keep #BigPharma out of the door. They raze their prizes absurdly.
Pay close attention to this one and all will fall in place
Some day, yes but not now. All these dems lnow damn well repubs will vote NO. they look good, all that matters here

Then get rid of Tea-congress who defrauds voters into believing they're Republican although different platform!
Be very interested in how you are going to pay for it. Medicare is aleeady bankrupt
Thank you @maziehirono
That's awesome, now we gotta change the minds of rest of the senators on this list
Be careful what you wish for. The VA is "Medicare for all" for Veterans. Horrible system. Horrible care. Would this be different?
From whom will you confiscate this "right"? Me?
Thank you Senator Hirono! We need it!
It's not in the Constitution therefore it is not a right!!
Bull.  Unless pricing is addressed this is nothing more than a gift to big pharma.  From OUR pockets by corrupt politicians.
That's just another middle class tax hike.
Is it fair to those of us that have chosen a healthy lifestyle to suffer the consequences of others not doing so?
Obama care isn't completely  free duh!!  when I had it was paying 100 bucks a month.
Thank you

Get the GOP to agree, that wouldbe swell.
Thank you for your leadership on this issue, Senator!
what is your proposal to pay for it we're ready 20 trillion in debt socialism didn't work too well for Venezuela
Yes
I have a pet parakeet she's very sick I think we should expand this to single-payer healthcare for all animals and pets we can do this
Then maybe we could all afford to visit your state!
YES!
As in you take from others to against their will? You want to enslave healthcare workers? A right at someone else's expense is not a right
Aaand how do you intend to pay for it? Every country that provides this is either going bankrupt or has a 60% or greater income tax.
How can you not support this if you in turn support relief for Texas and Florida.  The right to live is a right not a privilege.  I agree.
So you are against Abortion?
Thank you, Senator @maziehirono.    We greatly appreciate it.
Well you know I would rather have a CHANCE at good health care then forced to have crappy health care.
Under a medicare for all system you'd still be allowed to have private coverage if you really want it
And why is that? Are you a socialist?
Hope we get it soon. Feels odd saying "I hope one day Americans will have healthcare as good as the U.K., Canada, Australia, Denmark..."
Thank you senator.
Thank you so much Senator! Mahalo!
A right to other people's money, who grants that right?
You know that that is what happens with your insurance now, right?
@SenJohnMcCain +1
Thank you Senator
We see you, Hawaii!
THANK YOU for supporting SINGLE PAYER. Now CONTINUE to SUPPORT IT, DON'T BACK DOWN, TALK TO THE OTHER DEMS NOW!
Great thank you, please become a cosigner on @BernieSanders medicare for all bill, thank you!
Be careful what you wish for. The VA is "Medicare for all" for Veterans-horrible system; horrible care. What makes you think this is better?
Since when are goods and services a right?
You're a socialist
Yes! And Let's make sure our plan will include financing options, so doubters know it's not just a great idea but a do-able one!
Tell us how you plan to pay for healthcare for 320,000,000 people.
Via a tax, of course, one that is lower than premiums of private insurance and covers more. Do you want to continue paying more than needed?
That doesn't seem feasible. How much do you think it costs to cover healthcare for 320,000,000 people. I bet it's a LOT more than you think.
It is a lot, but the US currently pays twice any other nation, including those with UHC and better health care outcomes
The more people in a health care pool, the cheaper it is per person.  The costs spread over 320M people make it that much affordable.
even if you include those who don't contribute.
Thank you!
Thank you!
Just keep Bernie away from it!
It's a big lie and you know it. Why do you think McCain is at Mayo and not the VA???
Good for you Sen.Hirono! If all of together could legislate HealthCare for All into reality - THEN we can truely say it's a right for all
Time to get rid of you.  Try Medicare.  You won't like it.
How practical is this without possessing Washington? Not the right time, what's the strategy to win this in Congress when you can't fix ACA.

So have you officially signed on to consponsor @SenSanders bill, or are you just making blank statements in support of the idea?
As with every other right, pay for it yourself.
Healthcare is subject to scarcity, therefor it cannot be promised as a right by the government. It's a product/service.
Thank you for doing the right thing for We The People.
So who pays?
@PattyMurray 
Universal, affordable, accessible cannot happen at the same time. You can only have two of the three. @benshapiro
If you were a Medicare recipient you would know what a piece of crap it is. Government doesn't belong in health business.
I love you! Please dont stop fighting!
Thank you
Thank you.
It has nothing to do with privilege. But to working hard and paying for it. Not a free giveaway on backs of working people!
Thank you-we need more lawmakers with your forward kind thinking. As a senior I am on #Medicare it is the best healthcare I have ever had.
Affordable means private insurance, right?
Why do you think a private company who has to answer to shareholders would want to make anything so essential 'affordable'?
You support it because your constituents will reelect you if you can deliver the stuff that rich white people supposedly owe them.
Such crap? What's the real reason for government run health care? Please tell me the truth.
Thank you for this!
Thank you for joining the fight for the only sensible, humane and sustainable position on this issue.!
<3
ME TOO!!!
