Translation:No Muslims. The islamophobia is appalling. Expected from a white supremacist.
I agree. We should just let anyone into the country. No vetting needed.Wouldn't want to be "non inclusive"
It's obvious you're just threatened by minorities looking for better life. Why do you hate brown people so much?
And it's obvious your entire argument is "You're racist if you don't agree with me". Keep trying
Because you are. I notice you have yet to deny it. Why don't you get your friends in the KKK and take a hike.
Why bother denying something I'm not? Again, your argument is the same "You're Racist!!" LOL
Honestly whites have oppressed minorities for far too long. We owe them the right to a better life.
Everyone has the right to a better life, but no one is "owed" Everyone has opportunity.Just have to grab it
Don't think for one second that Christianity encompasses less "extremism" than others.
Yeah, just last week we saw a guy yell "Praise Jesus" as he mowed down a bunch of tourists.
Wonder if he includes Christian extremists?
Why wouldn't he?
idk
Can you name me an incident of "Christian extremism" in the past 2 months? How about Islmaic?
Disturbed by his inability to define "extremism". Sounds like religious discrimination to me. Unconstitutional much?
True.
@maziehirono @CNNPolitics why did usa accept only 1% christain syrains while 99% muslims. Christians in that area r #persecuted
AG is lawyer FOR the people. Not for the admin
His answer basically translates to: HELL  yeah! If the religion is Islam.
his answer actually translates to:people who kill in the name of "god" should be treated differently
Crimes should be treated with laws.U can't make up shit. It's  Unconstitutional & will lose in Supreme court.= lawyers get rich
exactly, if a group of people are constantly killing,bombing innocent people, they should treated as such
Yeah... targeting someone based on religion is kind of Unconstitutional. Thanks for participating in this educating tweet!
doesn't the Islamic Stare target people based on their religion?
AND if you let Govt target 1 religion you are giving them free pass to do it to you. Becareful of Govt.
He's trying to divert scrutiny to Betsy DeVos.
.@CNN @CNNPolitics What is "extremism" & how would you codify in law let alone practice? Troubling reply by AG nominee Sessions.
.........ummmmm like Mike Pence??
Interesting! But don't all religions have within them areas that could incite extremist views?.@SenatorSessions
yes and extreme Christians that start lopping off heads should be more scrutinized too.
Right! Extremism isn't limited to one or any faith group.
right now it is.
OK  for Hillary, but no one else???
@GOP Well then I guess you need more scrutiny.
@ChrisNCAPA So Mr. Session,guess I won't be allowed to enter US:there are plenty of Christian extremists out there (IRA/Pro-Life/KKK) 
Define, "extremism."
But "devout" is chill...
those evangelicals are pretty extreme!  Start prepping the files!
Session knows the first rule of politics: tell people what they what to hear to get elected then do whatever you want.
Na, let's not pay attention to exremism. Let's promote groups such as those at Jonestown
as long as those religious views, are christian extreme religious views, all okay, ehhh @jeffsessions?!
does he mean the New Testament which requires you to kill wife if she commits adultry?
It all depends on the religion's teachings. If it calls for killings....Wipe it off the face of this country!
Yeah, like Jeremy Wright! If the religion of Islam orders killings of non Islamists....They need to be banned in the USA
if religious views are to conquer, kill or convert u why the hell shouldn't they b more scrutinized?  Oh yeah its not PC
including Christian extremists
PC fools can't get their heads around this. They say open the doors and close ur eyes maybe they won't try to kill us.
If an individual's religious views are extreme, they can't confirm Betsy DeVos.
Can we give Sessions a sexual history polygraph as part of this vetting process ?
@maziehirono Sen Hirano was very effective, firm and clear. Thank you
Aren't his Christian views "extremism"?
So Sessions plans to scrutinize Pence and the entire Republican Party? That should keep him busy and out of mischief.
He shouldn't even be considered.

wow no one is safe! Is it "great yet"!
Wonderful that common sense will rule in the Trump administration. Sick of the fools importing jihadis to U,S. for their Dem. votes.
Sessions' views are extremist. He deserves continual scrutiny and no AG job.
any religion can "encompass extremism". #thecrusades *cough* *cough*
Mary Tudor, aka Bloody Mary.
https://www.google.com/amp/www.biography.com/.amp/people/mary-tudor-9401296?client=safari …
Seems like common sense. If your political views included violent extremism you'd deserve more scrutiny.
crickets.......
and if anyone needs to know what he means by extremism, in that context, I worry for us all.
all of trumps appointments deserve more scrutiny!
“Newspeak” and the Duplicity of Mainstream Journalism
http://www.globalresearch.ca/news-speak-and-the-duplicity-of-mainstream-journalism/5563834 …
Duh.
you mean like taking your son up a mountain to sacrifice? Or stoning your wife for infidelity?
Yeah because that happens almost every other day in our modern world, right Snowflake?
why is snowflake an insult? I like snow. It's fun and spreads joy. Also snow cream is amazing. Next question?
answer the 1st question, snowflake.
It does happen. Old world punishments happen all the time. Just like old world views still exist. Next question, yellow snow?
it happens in the same depth & scale of well organized funded radical islamist attacks? Please show me the evidence.

Army of God: Loosely based group, no real organization. People just pledge allegiance to be member
more scrutiny for religious views...sad
every religious  Obey  the same  Law and  Respect together.
.@CNN @CNNPolitics Of course! We love more serious adults running our country like #JeffSessions  confirm him!
let's not
this means Christians too right?
Good. Liberals must understand that most Americans agree with him.
oh religious freedom 
hey kettle the pot is calling
KEEP UP THE PRESSURE.
what about the crazies here that have extreme views??? Also how will he know if an individual has extreme views?
Define extremism. Your extremism is not necessarily my extremism. Going down a slippery path.
I ask again who determines religious extremism? The white Republicans who want a Muslim registry?
would that include Christians?
this guy sucks
Follow up Q: Such as the VPEOTUS Pence's extreme views on gays?

Did he mention @tedcruz or @mike_pence by name, or was it just implied?
so that means Paul Ryan,and Pence will be thrown out of the Country?
yes pleeasseee!!!
There wouldn't be very many GOPs left.
Sessions is correct the Muslim "faith" is a destructive Ideology
Ban Islam. It's as simple as that. Start the Spanish Inquisition up.
