No law requires it!
What about the release of college transcripts after spending millions to seal the records? Where does that fall?
I don't listen to Alex, but thanks
Me neither, I'm just informed.
And what's wrong with that Bob??? Didn't he earn his money?? Why does the government believe they are entitled to other people's earnings??
Um that would be how taxation works. Unless you are fine with no roads, military, etc.
I'm fine with the original items in Constitution not everything else.
I do not need a tax cut at the price of the health and welfare of my fellow Americans and future generations.
Future generations are screwed due to the ever expanding role of federal government. Remember you can always send them more than you owe.
We've placed too much trust in honesty & decency. Make it law: No person shall be allowed to run for office without releasing tax returns!
Total and complete vetting!
Psychiatric evaluation FIRST. History second. Vocabulary third.
If there was a psych evaluation trump never would have been permitted to drive let alone run for president.
Neither would Hillary....lol
Please, I'm begging you Senator & your fellow NON Trump-fluffers:
ENLIST SOME CPAs to CRUNCH THE NUMBERS & present info to average Americans
You don't need a CPA just a calc... did you itemize, if no, then YOU WIN.
Your itemized deductions would have to be more than double the standard to lose in this. The standard is going up to 24k... most BENEFIT.
1. I have worked in tax offices. You are wrong.
24K is for COUPLE. 
Currently it's 12,600. 
But you'd LOSE personal exemption $4K/per person
2. So you've gained $11,400 in standard deduction but lost $8K in personal exemptions deductions. 
 If said couple has 1 kid, then
If I gain 11.4 and lose 8, that means I'm still in the plus column...
Do U have a kid?
Then you gain 11.4 & lose 12K. Minus.
Do U pay state income tax?
U lose that amount. Further in hole.
RE tax?
MORE in hole
If that was the case everyone would itemize and not take the standard, the numbers show the opposite - more people Choosing the standard.
One simple and fair demand, right now, ends trump. #NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReform !
your one to talk with al the taxes you force pa to go thru and the cigarette tax u traitor
But he says that it will not benefit the wealthy,he's the Potus why would he lie to us?
You mean like keep your current plan and doctor?
@SenBobCasey please remember your are up for reelection and I know a ton of pa people not willing to vote for you including my huge family
Vote him out
Dam straight !!!
It's set already. He just says nuh uh, fake news & repeats he gets NO benefit, all for "working" Americans & MSM discusses as if debatable
Everyone forgot about him releasing a financial statement that has more info than a tax return an more important things need attention
Does Trump pay any taxes? We have no way of knowing.
It's amazing that millions of hard working ppl who pay taxes are still defending Trump on his taxes. Who pays when he dodged them? WE do!
He said not paying taxes made him smart.
I do not care about his tax returns...I care about mine and I want a tax cut !!!
I'm saddened by the fact that we're still complaining about this BULL SHIT issue I'm disappointed in @SenBobCasey absolutely disgusting 
Help form gun control laws
What’s our plan????? We know republicans are evil and only for the mega rich! But what’s our plan compared to theirs????????
Troll how about less complaining and more doing
Does that mean Trump will "hire" with great salaries? Oops silly me, Trump's junk is made in China at very low $.  Rich keep their 
At lease we have one decent Senator in PA.
Who, Toomey? It isn't Casey...this plan HELPS middle class in PA
As it would YOU
Has it occurred to anyone that those in the top bracket are already paying more taxes??
What are the benefits of spending years and $$$$ in school and training, then working ass off and sacrificing family time?
And .... NO I'm not one of them.  Not even in the ballpark.  Just know that every action has a reaction.  #FLATTAX
Why reduce high income tax rate? Lowering low and middle class rates is what will create demand for products and produce jobs!
Raise the minimum wage to $15/hour.
All that will do is lead to an identical inflation in prices of goods and services. A cheeseburger would go from $5 to $12.
People need to earn a decent living. It's not just fast food that need increases. Also govt city/state jobs.
But what I'm saying is that increasing minimum wage to $15 is unrealistic. McDonald's can't pay $15/hr or prices will increase 200%>
45 
#CombOverKing  #TheResistance #TrumpPutin #TrumpRussia @SpeakerRyan #ImpeachTrump @realDonaldTrump #BoycottMaraLago @SenateMajLdr
Help the billionaires. Lowest income level should pay nothing.
@nice job @realDonaldTrump we have paid for your excesses while you are in office and you want us to pay after you are out.
#TrumPerjury
no lo creo
What's your point??
I am confident that Trump would personally benefit BIGLY as would the Uber Rich on the backs of middle class.
Of course we have not seen Trump's tax returns so the exact amount he would save is unknown.
and what would Trump heirs save by ending Death tax - $1.7B? What about AMT which trump paid in 1995 - $31M -
If that's your best argument, Senator, you are doing the good citizens of PA a disservice.
And eliminating AMT would have saved him  31 million more.
So what,  if all taxes cut across the board,  inherited tax reduced etc. Good for all,  big business gets biggest cut to create jobs.winwin
#TaxationIsTheft
That all? #Impeach45
Irrelevant.
Hidden agenda 
So you're stealing over 7 million dollars from him? And you think you should steal more?

Politician can.m bitch when Obamacare and social security apply to them the way it does to the rest of us. Fuck them all
it is the estate tax...focus on the big picture.
$7 mm more to donate to charities or events of HIS choosing not the Gov't's !!!!!
looks other way thru Benghazi Iran play to play unmasking and the organize crime syndicate Clinton obama and takes a stand tax return sad
really from a senator that's been serving thru the obama Clinton organized crime syndicate. What has he accomplished during his last 10 yrs
This is likely as true as the Dem claims Trump did not pay taxes.
And with that 7 million he could my 95k house in Morgan City, La. thanks in advance.
Thank you Senator Casey. Knowing our wannabe Patriarch, he will say he personally gets no money because it goes to his companies.
You're way off Senator. All trump's money passes thru LLC's, so his "new" rate goes from 39.6% to 25%.
#CrookedDonald
Senator, don't just choose to do the math to go after Trump, be fair, for once. Math on the middle class is even more impactful. #udontgetit
Trump does nothing without there being personal advantage to him and his cronies.
Yet @realDonaldTrump has the balls to call HRC crooked?? Pot/kettle?? Don't go away mad, just go away #Resign #Impeach #Loser
The swamp hates success
Everyone is saying Trump family will benefit $4 billion (4,000,000,000 four billion) if Trump is worth $10 billion.
He never does anything that doesn’t benefit him and his
Worse than that...most of his businesses are partnerships or LLC's that would be taxed at 25% tax rate.
@votevets @realDonaldTrump #ShowYourTaxes #Coward! #45* shows is Everyday How Important #MidTermsMatter
How much taxes did he pay in 2005?  I bet it was a lot.
Hey Bob!  What about me?  What about your constituents?  You are part of the problem.  You use the same excuse to obstruct every time.
I’m so surprised by this... not!
Will tax reform close loopholes? That is the question. No one in that tax bracket pays the full amount.
It’s supposed to benefit the middle class also Mr Casey, would you like to take that back also?
I'm proud to have you as my senator, sir.
@JasonLaCanfora @realDonaldTrump who cares. I’m sure it would benefit you also. How does it effect the middle class?
according to Trump's press staff Americans are more concerned about how tax laws impact them & don't care if rich get richer
That’s like putting $30 extra in my pocket.....take a hike Bob!
and what about removing his exemptions... cmon man
Come on no one really believed he would not have his own interests at heart did they ?? #trumpology
Eliminating deductions for taxes and medical expenses will cost us dearly. Why reward ppl w/ 9 kids, while penalizing those of us w/ none?
Hey Bob you think we believe poor people finance your campaign. No didn’t think so
So what Senator? Have something against successful people? If your name wasn't Bob Casey Jr, you'd be a greeter at Walmart.

Stay on this Sen Casey.  We need your leadership.  Thanks for all you do!
$7M that would be reinvested into the economy... I trust private citizens with $7M more than I would trust you & rest of govt!
Sen Casey - are you a card carrying communist???
That's too high!!  One rate for all!  That's fair and we are all supposed to be equal??? 15% max on corporations. We manage better than govt
