.@RepJohnYarmuth @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer & @SenSanders ask @uscbo for full report on Graham-Cassidy before GOP rushes vote. #NoScoreNoVote 
Why are they allowed to keep doing this..MUST STOP THEM! #tyrantsalwaysfall
They claim we can't afford healthcare, but as usual they are liars.
Well this explains a lot...no interest in people at all:
No!!!!!
A bad nightmare we keep having over and over. They could balance the budget with the money they're wasting.
And passing a military budget that could feed everyone I the planet for years ..that was pretty boneheaded
Exactly. How many more times & how many more ways can we get it through to them: WE WANT ACA FIXED! Give up the repeal, it's over! 
Dear Senator Hirono, my daughter & I saw you on Maddow, my daughter said, "That Senator is fierce." Then said I want to be in politics 
I saw you on @maddow last night. Thank you Senator for all you do! I am hoping for the very best possible outcome w your battle w cancer.
We need to call our Senators - we need to show up at their offices - take to the streets !
The sen. No. 202-224-3121 #keepCalling
NO vote with no debate.  Report from CBO?  Wait for CBO report, don't just trust "believe me, it's great!"
Cancer victim John McCain should get credit for Trumpcare no vote. But Mazie Hirono has fought from the start despite stage 4 kidney cancer.
Another American hero. Thank you Senator, for your sacrifice for our Nation. Godspeed.
Oh, hell no. #Women-do your thing emaIl, call, or stop by the offices of yr reps and senators. Let's do what we do best- stop this madness.
Don't worry - all Americans will be covfefed under this healthcare plan.
running around in a furry costume doesn't sound appealing, but thanks anyway LoL
And senator, you've been here with us, voting on the right side of history. Thank you for your unwavering support, in sickness & in health.
It's terrorism to the people whose life depends on the ACA and Expansion. It's terrorizing me!

McCain is a Yes! Someone else notice! Please!   

*Silently screams at top of lungs into crowded room* 
may he rot in hell

Deja vote
A group of men.. how childish
IT'S SAD THAT OUR #REPS HAVE NO RESPECT FOR #AMERICAN ppl! IF PPL WITH CONTAGIOUS DISEASES DON'T GET HELP=WE "ALL" SUFFER!!
Ya think? They want their Koch They don't expect this to make it past their indictments or 2018 "repeal & replace" of their seats.
All Sen Grahm talked about was trashing fed gov,current Hcare law,nothing about his Hcare bill but talking points
NO!
This GOP is a disgrace to the American people! They will all be voted out! #paulryanisacriminal
And the CBO says it would take weeks to analyze data.  Republicans must have a (bad) reason for the rush.
Sending you many thanks for working on our behalf!  But mostly, wishing you good health after your recent surgery..

WATCH: @TheDemCoalition's ethics complaint against @SarahHuckabee featured in @HuffPost video
Support our work here: https://www.democraticcoalition.org/donate  
You use the word "men" rather loosely. These are Republicans. They are cowardly puppets, doing the bidding of their rich masters.
I think she was maki g the point that GOP women weren't part of this- but yeah, you're right!
Seems like I've seen this before--
It does seem vaguely familiar
We were here before with ACA
Oh my goodness I thought last night was the end but it's my future today thank you
We need to take the majority from them and this will go away!!! Untill that happens this will be regular practice!!!


I'm so tired of being here every month or so. So much more Congress should be getting done
Other men will suffer   Women are needed to kick some sense into their heartless lives !
This is a two tier thread now !  What healthcare does, doesn't and what if Cassidy Graham ... https://twitter.com/pierremwest/status/910012341458276352 …
Thank you. This is absolutely horrifying.
Thank you for all you do to help Americans!!! 
Let's Go Mazie!!! Stop this deathbill!!!
ProtectOurCare #GOPisDEADMEAT TIME to Takeout the #TeaParty Right @TeaPainUSA  @Khanoisseur @MoveOn @votevets @AFSCME @SEIU @AFLCIO @UAW
I am constantly amazed at how humans rationalise they're knowingly and harmful and selfish decisions.   for change.
#GroundHogDay
They don't care they have great health care
We have, we celebrate, they get missed off. MAN THE PHONES,FAX, email your senators & show up at their office! TIME IS SHORT!
I'm sure viagra would still be covered
Just saw you on Rachel you r a hero
You are amazing.
You take care of yourself! Thank you for all!
The Senate must NOT pass this bill. It'll hurt millions.
Of course they won't include women they don't value their input
Does that mean all five Republican women Senators will oppose it?
How about all 22 Republican women in the House?
DIdn't think so.
Now that you mention it.
Yes. With Obamacare. Did that bother you then?
@GOP @HouseGOP THE GOP IS A DISGRACE-HOW DARE THEY TAKE COVERAGE AWAY FROM THOSE WHO NEED IT MOST! UNAMERICAN AND CRUEL!
Trump Deathcare Is Coming!!!The Evil Depravity Of GOP Troglodytes Is On Full Display!Massive Tax Cuts For Rich! Death For Average Americans!
A group of men   that's the galling part   a group of old white men
Ohhhh like when you and your democrat friends forced Obamacare thru on Christmas Eve....
Please stand strong we need you !
Senator go ahead and state the obvious. Wealthy white men in secrecy, healthcare deserves full Congressional review, debate, compromise
Dam again
Yeah, I think it was under Obama
Why are the Republicans doing this? Is there anything an ordinary citizen can do? Thank you for sharing.
I know, right? Like when we had to pass it to see what was in it! #RepealAndReplace
Seems just like Christmas Eve, 2009......
Yeah, that bill was the ACA or Obamacare
Dems letting an outsider(Bernie) dictate terms on Health Care. It's almost like Dems don't care about ACA?!
Democratic politicians can never stress enough how important it is to vote and senatorial and Congressional elections city and state!!!
This is outrageous. They know we don't want this. They don't serve the people! We shouldn't have to keep telling them.
Isn't that what they did for Obama care? Wait, they HAD to pass it so they could find out what was in it!
Wait. Is this history repeating itself with Nancy and the community organizer in 09. 
Democrats had hearings, for 1 1/2 years. Republicans have had none. Not the same thing. Rs were part of the committees, then, D's are not
Where's your bill?
U must be A Democrat, you want better go and do something about it,don't just criticize !!! Obstruction is not the way !!!
You must mean YOUR obamacare. Lets pass it to see what is in it.  SOUND FAMILIAR NITWIT..
I think when you loose...you don't get to come back and try again...YOU LOSE !
If men wrote it, it's bad? You have no place in leadership w/ your hateful closed mind. I NEED & demand repeal of Obamacare! It's harmed me
Pence & INGOPSupers did this repeatedly
We have and, once again, I'm calling every hour.
