This is what MSM does.  Holler the lies and whisper the truth. Comey is a liar. Period.
NY times is so biased. Been running fake stories and accusations for so long and no proof
What do you base your distrust of the NYT on? Dont just say it's fake news. Justify your opinion.
Most if NYT stories can be verified by your childish President's own tweets!
lol the nyt talking about disinformation that is funny @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity @marklevinshow @glennbeck @billoreilly @FoxNews
If you're going to call out #FakeNews, you might want to consider using ethical journalistic standards yourself. #NameYourSources
Ethical standards for journalism actually covers that.Can you give me the title of one fake nyt journalistic article,not op-eds that is fake
The constant use of anonymous sources does not promote journalistic integrity or opportunity for readers to vet the source.
Yes, tell that to privacy rights where that stems from. As of now, I am yet to hear anybody point to actual proof that the NYT is lying.
It doesn't stem from privacy but a lack of ethics and objectivity. Anon sources should be used very sparingly.
Mmmh...good argument there.
People often are more honest in their testimonies if their names are attached and we readers deserve the chance to vet the source ourselves.
Where's the fact base journalism?   Sort alike Trump and Russia isn't it NY times?
Trump doesn't care, he tweets whatever he feels.  Unfortunately he creates a cluster each time and it is only growing bigger!
You are REALLY GOOD AT MAKING UP RUNAWAY STORIES!
It's a new game called #AmericanWhispers
It's a new game called #AmericanWhispers
People are getting really tired of all the negativity, NYT.  You really need to give it up.
Talk about the pot calling the kettle black..
Did you nut cases notice most of the fake news was from you per Comey?
That time Comey admitted, UNDER OATH, the @nytimes publishes fake news
@nytimes you really talk about disinformation, unless you call yourself out!
You've already proven that with your Russia "collusion" lies & now your "obstruction" lies!
Comey is going to be arrested in the near future I would figure
He won't, but he should be. There are laws against FBI sharing work info with outside sources. Google is your friend.
Trump has been disinformation for many years. How people elected him I have no idea
You should know all about false information.  You put out enough of it 90 % of everything you print is fake news and lies about Trump
You've turned it into an art form slinging stools at an empty canvas.
We find NO credence in NYT reporting anymore.  I remember when NYT was a great news source; no longer -very sad
Comey ADMITTED: weakness, cowardlyness, and leaking.  This was a Director of the FBI?  Who hired him? .....Obama
Funny how Comey predicted this when he responded to a tweet that wasn't even out yet
Another shining example of bias, rabid hypocrisy, and the #FakeNews that @nytimes has become so we'll known for.
You would know.
Anything said or done by Trump is a lie. Liar-in-Chief and Bluffer-in-Chief. Why do you think he still won't produce his taxes?
Pls check out @LarryTateAdMan 's twitter feed from today for this week's racebaiting; antiblack; wink/nod racial code from @jackposobiec
This is #fake news.  If he said it never happened that "never" would include Trump!   Go make yourself a Venn Diagram to help figure it out.
not if you think, first.
Bottom line #Comey said to no 1 that Trump hinted at him to stop invest Flynn until after he was fired. That nuance is missed in the story.
When the MSM interprets the facts that is when the trouble starts. Believe none of what you read & half of what you see.
the only ones to lie is the times.for 9 months you have done nothing but lie about the President.even with the truth you still lie
The Pied Piper and his Trumptards spew hatred one tweet at a time. His followers can't handle multi layered info. Too complex to understand.
Yeah like Twitter is the setting for in-depth communication. Can you even count to 140?
Times should focus on Comey's comment that Times lied and issued fake news
Fascinating, showing how false info is diseminated around the internet causing an 'alternative truth i.e Lies, which Trump voters believe.

Comey, did say 100% that the NYT is fake news.  Bitches!
That's why the term fake news came into existence - rather like your agenda driven non objective ' reporting' - return to ethical standards
when your anonymous sources, one of whom is outed as the former FBI Director is exposed as a lying fraud... hahahahaha NYTimes = #FakeNews
frightening, and one wonders why the majority of people are confused
From you guys?? This is hilarious!!! 
Purposeful disinformation became the absurd Russia "story", but that's ok.
We know. We watched you do just that using http://propornot.com  to start and push your "Russians" fantasia. 
Breaking: libs take break from decades-long whining about McCarthyism to practice neo-McCarthyism (evidence no longer needed!).
Wait, you guys know about disinformation? Profound.
And no one knows more about disinformation than the NYT!
"Disinformation"...if anyone should know. A NYT specialty.
Disheartening.  Lies have always spread faster than truth, now the lies just spread faster, farther, and wider.
All the GOP has is lies, conspiracy theory and false news. they have sadly become the tinfoil hat party of the know-nothings.
Trump supporters are desperate to believe that ignorant bullies can succeed and rise. Therefore that Trump is right. Why is that?
Pls check out @LarryTateAdMan 's twitter feed from today for this week's racebaiting; antiblack; wink/nod racial code from @jackposobiec
"..the people talking about it often don’t really know what’s going on, and going on are not talking about it.." Comey
NYT - use it for a fire starter in your chimney.
#NYTimes is very credible @potus #lies #DeceitfulDonald
WAIT: a fu€king article by NYT about unverified stories turning out to be NOT true? Wow, this truly is an alternate universe we're in.
It's funny, because Comey outright stated one of your stories was false.  Go figure.
You lied over and over to the American People.  You should be locked up.
Amazing this is what you do to @realDonaldTrump several times a day every day.
Isn't it an offense in the USA to disseminate false information, with the ulterior motives?
It's not FAKE NEWS if it suits your purpose. GOP propaganda is the only "News" Deplorables and Russia will accept. 
Comey said you put out false stories.
Why is Podesta and anyone in the DNC not called to testify in the Russian investigation?? FBI asked 4 their computers and didn't comply.
so, what he was actually saying (and you alone are aware of this) was that THESE people had not done it but Trump did?
Each media outlet has its own version of agenda, but this article does a decent job of outlining how the RWNJ network runs with #altfacts.
Your misinformed, distorted and false stories are gaining zero traction except for the fringes because you are FAKE NEWS.
Oh wow  i bet NYT will stop every reporting now, since you are on the case with your great insight.
#ImpeachTrump
Trump supporters seem hungry for *anything* from *any source* that will make their guy look good-- and his opponents bad.
You're replying to NYT article but claim Trump supporters are the ones hungry for "any source"? 

Now, that's comical.
Maybe if fake news organizations such as @FoxNews wouldn't pick up fake articles and get people to believe them it wouldn't be an issue.
Like what ?
Should NYT and @jwpetersNYT be the arbiters of what constitutes real news?This is the paper that sold Iraq WMD lie & fake Russia story. Sad!
In his words. FINALLY! Former FBI # Comey calls New York Times Story on Trump Collusion “Nonsense”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHBjcBGkpAY&sns=tw … via @youtube
Jack P. is a liar.
I don't know if he is. I think he might actually believe some of the crazy shit he spouts.
Pls check out @LarryTateAdMan 's twitter feed from today for this week's racebaiting; antiblack; wink/nod racial code from @jackposobiec
Just look at what u print
What about all the false information you spread about @POTUS @RealDonaldTrump?

#FakeNews #Hypocrites
What exactly is it? :)
These guys wouldn't recognize good journalism... i would bet no one has even a newspaper subscription.
Headers readers, are they?
FAKE NEWS ALERT: Even Comey Confirms New York Times Ran Fake Stories on Trump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCF8DNMohgw&sns=tw … via @youtube
Maybe if transcript of hearing were made public it will shut him the hell up!!
The UNALTERED transcript can be found since it was a public hearing, but he's not interested in the truth.  The testimony video avail. also.
THIS has always been @realDonaldTrump preferred world view. No different than the John Birch Society types of yore. Liar in chief @POTUS
This is rich, coming from the modern Birchers, the Democrats/Big Media (but, I repeat myself).
Disinformation? Runaway story? 8 months on Russia. 8 months.
Trump's fault. The issue here is that they hacked our election. Whether Trump has anything to do with it or not. That's the 8 month issue
The fact that you believe this only elaborates why the NYT should be called out.
from NYT - The most trusted name in news.
Like the sarcasm 
