thank you and God bless you
You're MY hero. Thank you.
Thank you so much Senator Hirono.  You are a true hero, who cares about her fellow Americans.
You are a hero, Senator Hirono. Thank you!
Thank you for this.
You are our hero! Thank u 4 fighting 4 the right thing. Don't think about a/the work related. Concentrate on U. Muchluv2
Thank you, Senator. Wishing you well
That was a heartfelt speech. I wish you the best
I hope you feel better.  I hope it is cured.  You are a treasure.  No ka oi.
Thanks for the Vote for being an example of good polititian working for the betterment of the whole nation.May the Lord help U.
If shes so inspiring tell her to get off her Gold plan with a premium she only pays 25% if, not to mention the many other perks for senators
Thank you Senator You are the real hero. Thank you for being brave and saving my healthcare. I am Eternally Grateful to you.
If you REALLY cared about the people of Hawaii then you and Schatz would be INSIDE the Capitol debating this rather than grandstanding.
In a very hard time 4 u. Bravo. Dknotley histhrears and terrorizing stop u from voting against the terrorist dictator . thank u 4 ur spirit.
You have to be a white male to get the plaudits of McCain but keep fighting for women & one day We Shall Overcome!
Watching you on CSPAN. Thank you for speaking out against this bill. Your speech & life story in relation to health care is so powerful!
Thank you for being a completely corrupt pos. Yay another year that i cant get insurance.
$14,000 deductible is NOT healthcare and you definitely don't have obamacare! Hope you get cured tho! Best wishes but NOCARE!
Whine and fight all you want... Obamacare is gone!
Do you require brain surgery?  Are some integral parts of your brain missing!
Nope just tired of paying more than my share for dead beats that won't work! Get a job cry baby!!
To say ANY proposal will hurt Hawaii shows how truly stupid she is.
Clean up the drugs in your state if you care so much.
Thank you a thousand times over for thus service to ordinary citizens.
Thank you for fighting so hard!
Sadly Obamacare is doomed to failure. Pls do what you can to help people who have no other choice but to purchase this poorly devised plan.
I am sorry for your pain.  You bravely delivered a message to save millions of citizens.  Mahalo #Trumpcare
thank you for your courageous vote.  prayers for you and the family.  breast cancer survior 6 years...
Great American - We love you for your selfless service to our country. God bless and keep you always!
U R this RN x 40 yrs of experience's HERO!
Thank you
Thank you for being so true and heroic!  I wish there were more elected officials with your drive and your integrity  
Lucky u no have OCare ..
U Dems stole our liberty 7 yrs ago w straight party vote.  Hope u fully recover but pray u stop bankrupting USA
Thank you for your return and vote
You are an amazing example of intelligence, grace and empathy. May all good things come to you.
Fight the good fight, Senator. I'm praying for you and all those who love you. I love you, too.
You are an inspiration! Thank you! Stay strong we are with you!
((( Hugsss )))) Xxx Blessings and a healthy recovery. 
Irish Lullaby by Secret Garden with lyrics
Obamacare is a joke I'm paying 110% health Insurance and my deductible is $10K who can live with this?you pay nothing and get the best care
Thank you for your courage & coming back to VOTE while undergoing cancer treatment.  @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr What about @SenHirono?
Thank you and  for you.
I love these ladies!  Fight!!! 
Thank you for stand in up for Americans. We need decent healthcare. Please don't cave in. Best of luck with your treatment.
Thank you for fighting for all of us. You are an inspiration, @maziehirono
Senator Hirono, thank you for voting no and being an inspiration to many.
Thank you from a Pennsylvania!
Thank you for putting your country first & fighting to save health care for millions of Americans while you're fighting cancer #realhero
Thank you :)
Thank you, Sen Hirono, for your courage and integrity. We stand with u to protect the health care of millions of people across our country!
Thank you so much for voting no on the BadHCA
Thank you for your supreme effort for the American people. I hope get better soon & will be sending healing prayers to you.
I applaud you!  I know that trip was not easy. Wish ing you continued health. Take care of yourself.
Maxie stay"Strong" ... The "skinny Bill" is worse than repeal of The ACA
Thank you, I am glad to have those like you in the Senate. My thoughts are with you for a speedy recovery and a long career in politics 
Thank you senator. You are a true hero.   
Thank you for your service to our country Senator!
You are a true HERO, Sen. Hirono & we proudly salute you & your efforts on behalf of the American people. Thank you & Bless you!
BRAVA!  Thank you Senator!
Thank you for your courage & compassion
Thank you !!
Thank you Senator for everything. You're in my thoughts and prayers. 
We are blessed to have a Senator like. You are an example of courage and tenacity.
Thank you, thank you, thank you. You're a hero. You deserve a standing ovation. You deserve recognition for bravery. We see you, Senator.
Thank you for your fierce dedication to Americans, in spite of your personal challenges. #standingovation
Thank you Senator @maziehirono !

THANK YOU for being our hero and voting FOR keeping our health care!!
THANK YOU Senator @maziehirono and best wishes for a full recovery!
THANK YOU SENATOR keep fighting the good and best of luck to you
I'm SORRY your story hasn't gotten the attention it deserves.
Thank YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR STRENGTH AND COURAGE! We are all wishing you the very best
American Hero, role model, and inspiration for all, thank you from the bottom of my heart. Many prayers for your quick recovery, God bless!
Thank you for your courage and your vote.  Best to you in your health struggles.
Thank you so much Senator. I just wish that the two Senators in the State of MS had the guts to have done as you did.
Thank you for everything, Senator Hirono.
Thank you Senator for your quiet courage. Did not know about your private battle. YOU are the kind of woman I want my nieces to be like.
thank you, thank you. you are an inspiration
Thank you, Senator, for fighting for the American people! Now, go fight for your recovery. We've got your back and sending you best wishes!
Thank you!!!!!  Show 'em how it's done, Mazie!  You are an amazing advocate for our people and our country!  XO
Mazie you are the REAL hero.Women win the day on this one& UR one of the best.  Blessings 2U & prayers for your recovery.
Thank you for standing up to this terrible bill. Thank you for your commitment to the American people
Thank you, Senator Hirono. You are a hero.
Thank you for your commitment to protecting  health care for all Americans. You are truly a profile in courage.
Thank you for fighting for us. We appreciate your leadership!
Thank you @maziehirono So much respect for your action.
THANK YOU!  YOU ARE AN AMERICAN HERO !
Shaka Brah!
"Any Republican proposal will hurt millions in Hawaii & across the country." Prejudicial. No chance for cooperation w/ that attitude.
Thank you! You are a true American hero and I wish we could clone you and have you represent Idaho too.
Thank you, Senator Hirono! You are an incredibly brave and committed woman
I'm sorry about your diagnosis (I also have ESLD) but I feel like we are here to help one another, thank you for all of your hard work. 
Thank you! You are in my thoughts and prayers. (Your standing ovation!)
Thank you! <3
Thank you for making the effort to vote against the GOP's "repeal & replace" proposals. I will keep you in my prayers.
thank you for making the trip back to vote NO!
Thank U Mazie 4 coming to DC 2 vote against Trumps vindictive bill, even while battling cancer. I urge everyone 2 tell Mazie thank you & RT!
Now you are a hero!!!! Thank you for your efforts and voting NO on the GOP healthcare bill. Americans deserve better!! Love and light!
Thank you!!
Thank you!
@maziehirono thank you for all you do to defeat Trumpcare.  Good health to you!!!!
thank you, senator for your bravery in fighting for all Americans to have healthcare!
You are another HERO who showed up for the VOTEs on HC! Thank you! Ho'onoponopono!
Thank you. You are a brave,compassionate human being. Prayers for a full recovery.
Thank you for being the Voice for so many. Love & healing energy
You are amazing, good luck!
Thank you for voting No!   You're a hero and patriot.
Senator, you honor the Senate as a brace woman and legitimate hero. Your battle with cancer has a great full nation praying for you to win
Thank you for standing up to this travesty & fighting for Americans while fighting your own desperate battle! Wishing you all the health!!
Thank you for showing up to vote this week. Your sacrifice is appreciated, even though there was no fanfare about it.
Thank you for your tremendous effort to vote...we celebrate your shining example here in VA. Best wishes for peaceful recovery
Thank you for voting for people to have healthcare. Wearing this kidney cancer awareness bracelet today in your honor.
Thank YOU! You are people's hero! 
God bless you, and thank you for protecting our health care.
Thank you, @maziehirono , for fighting for us.
God bless you
Thank you Senator!  Prayers for you.
Thank you Senator Hirono. Aloha
Thank you for returning to DC to cast your no vote!
Love  their authenticity and sincerely to themselves, and to the people. 
Thank you, and get well soon.
Millions of us are grateful to you for standing up for our healthcare. And god bless as you fight your own health battles.
Thank you senator. Great respect.
Thank you Senator Hirono!

Thank you!
We're stronger than him. We can do this. Keep up the good work senator
Thank you for your service and sacrifice for all Americans.
Grateful for your efforts. Wishing you a full recovery. You really deserve a standing ovation. #KillTheBill
You are my hero! An inspiration! You will win this healthcare fight and your cancer fight! I believe in you!
THANK YOU for your healthcare vote.  You ROCK, Senator Hirono.
Thank you for standing up for all Americans and preserving access to affordable, quality healthcare! 
YOU'RE AMAZING!!!
Thank you for your service and for being there for your constituents... you are truly a hero. I pray for your health and well-being!
Thank You so much Sen. Hirono for your fight against this abomination of a bill. Hopeful for your full recovery! You are an inspiration.
You're a real hero. God Bless You, Senator!
Wow, what a brave public servant battling so much pain but thinking of others who need health insurance to try to save their lives.
Thank you so much, for standing up for what is right and just with regards to healthcare! Mahalo!
Really? Millions in Hawaii?  Population 1.5 million. Maybe thousands.
Thank you @maziehirono for your ACA vote. I'm always impressed by your dedication and service. Wishing you all the best.
VOTE NO ON ALL GOP DEATH VOTES. NO ONE WANTS TO KILL AMERICANS.
Thank you for your steadfast dedication to health care coverage for Americans!
Thank you for fighting for America while you have to fight cancer at the same time. Thinking of your bravery and persistence every day.
Thank you!
Bravo senator!
Thank you for being an inspiration in so many ways.
May angels surround you in all you do.
Praying for your total return to perfect health.
All best wishes for a speedy recovery and good health. Thanks for showing such caring in what is a difficult time for you.
Senator, my mother had Renal-cell carcinoma. I admire your courage & commitment to duty in the face of your serious health issue. Thank you!
@SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr Thank you!Wish we could give you a standing ovation for voting no on ACA repeal as a stage 4 cancer survivor
Praying for you Senator Hirono. Thank you for fighting for all of us.
Thank you, Senator.
You deserve a thunderous standing ovation!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you for fighting for all of us!
God Bless.
@maziehirono Thank you so much for your NO vote. Prayers to you.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for fighting to save ACA.  You are an inspiration and warrior woman! Praying for you.
Thank you, Senator, for representing the People.
Thank you thank you thank you for your dedication to millions of Americans. I hope you come out strong in your recovery!
Thank you, senator! You are our hero!
Thank you
You are such a shining example of a good person, the opposite of @SenJohnMcCain
Thank you for your compassion and resolve to protect the citizens of this country's healthcare. You are fighting for our lives. #Hero
2/ the RIGHT n JUST side of HISTORY in this healthcare battle for all Americans lives. Bless you n THANK U for all u R doing 2 save us!
Thank you Senator!
We are more proud of u than of McCain at this point Both of u are fighters. Both of u R treasured. But YOU will be remembered for being on
Thank You Senator Hirono!!!
Thank you for standing to the stupidity of the Senators attempting to deztroy tge lives of millions of Americans I appreciate u
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you, Mazie Hirono. Facing a scary health crisis, you put your constituents' well-being before your own. You are a hero!
Thank you!!!!
McCain did the opposite.
Cause GOP lies & says they'll reduce prem; only way is 2 cut off sick & pre exist conditions given HC inflation
Thank you senator for your vote. Prayers
#Aloha and please know we fight with you and for you @maziehirono #Mahalo #Ohana I beat the C-word and you can, too.
Thank you, senator!
May God bless you Senator Hirono. You're a wonderful human being. Sending you positive thoughts and prayers. This is what Jesus would do. 
TY for all you are doing. You are very inspirational.
Despite your own battle with cancer, you show up and fight for America. I love I'm Texas, but would like to
thank you for your honor and courage.  Speedy recovery, ma'am.  If you need a kidney, let me know.  I'd be honored.
Thank you Senator Hirono!
You are a hero.
Thank you for your service to the country.
THANK YOU Senator for doing the right thing, especially with the burden if your illness. YOU are an American hero!
Thank you Senator Hirono! We see you fighting for voiceless Americans who are scared of losing their care.
You are a hero for the people.  Thank you.
Thank you for your vote NO!
Thank u for leading the fight, Senator. Much respect!
@physicianwomen -virtual standing ovation for you Senator for fighting for the American people while personally figthing cancer
Thank-you for being a true public servant. Your effort to leave Hawaii to vote "NO" re: healthcare is appreciated!
Thank u for your continuing strength and courage representing the people of Hawaii magnificently, despite personal challenges!
You, Senator, are completely amazing!  Wishing you strength and return to health!  Our entire group of 7.5k women docs give you a standing O
