Eliminate illegal immigration before giving citizenship away or you don’t solve the problem.

Why legal immigrants kids are not include? Why they are punished for following laws ?@SIIA_US  @NancyPelosi @HouseDemocrats
@SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseJudiciary Please solve this issue asap and support #Fairness4legals
Because that's a lot of votes. Some will prostitute them selves for votes
If you love this country, OBEY OUR LAWS
How about standing by thousands of #H4Dreamers who are still trying to have their voices heard let alone get support #HR293 #S281
All legal DREAMers should be included @DickDurbin Whether E2 children or H4. If republican RACact can include me, why not DREAMact?
This is great, but get it done SOON! Pass the #DreamActNow i’m born and raised here in support the dream at 100%
No to the 'Dreamers'.  Illegal is Illega, and if we make an exception for Obama's poor judgement, then we have to let everyone in.
They would be back in their birth countries contributing if the laws were obeyed
Congress should help young Legal Immigrant Dreamers too. #H4DREAMERS #DREAMACT #FAIRNESS4LEGALS
Their has never been bipartisan . the last time there was , I believe George Washington was President.
Should have done this years ago. But you thought giving up your powers to the president was best option #fail
You mean so the Democrat party can get more voters beholding to them. What a fraud! How DO YOU turn 800,000 into 2 million?  Legalize DACA.
How about #StandingUpForAmerican? How About Standing 4 New Hampshire? I am no longer in my career field due to "Dreamers" that took my job!

Right out of Democrats playbook going for illegal votes.
I love this PSA!  TY 
I'd like to hear your response. You can tweet but you don't have guts to respond. You don't have the answers? WHERES YOUR PASSION for USA,IL
How do illegal "dreamers" legally pay taxes? Why are they more important then USA citizens? I live in ILL. 3 year old shot here do youcare
You want to help your country stop being bought out by special interests groups. Represent all Americans not just those that buy you out. Bucking the system . Universal healthcare for all Americans now
you advocate for illegals instead of the long term unemployed:  we will drain the swamp of unloyal congress people
And their criminal parents get instant citizenship too? Bullshit.
How many non dreamers live in your States don't they have the right to live the American dream when will you all fight for them
Thank you! The support is palpable.
They are here illegally.   Stop the corporate welfare and illegal votes.
Ok great. You and your party are done. Nothing more than barking chuawas at at this point
Let’s allow the Dreamers to flood our schools so our children and grandchildren will be squeezed out as well as taking their future jobs
Education is guranteed for everyone. Higher ed however isn't and they struggle more without fed or state aid.1/2
White lower class and poor whites can not afford to send their kids to college and they don't qualify for grants because they are white.
All talk!
Not all 800k are contributing but 43 million legal immigrants are.  I came here legally now a citizen.
They already contribute to the crime rate and welfare roles.
why dont you work on bipartisan healthcare!!!
quit talking stay off TV and get the job done. walk the talk
Will the Dreamers that died defending America be dug up and deported ?
Are you kidding me? You can't even devise and health care bill. You attorneys and doctors have destroyed the health care system. GET REAL!
U ALL GOT WHAT YOU WANTED. THE WEALTHY ARE GOING TO PAY A LOT MORE BC OF DEDUCTIONS. LET'S SEE YOU COMPLAIN NOW. HIGHEST TAX=DEM STATES
I hope so
Yes!!!!let dreMers dream & continue to contribute and serve in US! Great people in this group.
Get in line, when your times up, it's up.They can stay, if I can stop paying for them.
So ur plan is to amend the constitution? Because there is no path to citizenship for these law breakers. U swore 2 uphold the Constitution
And of corse creat more democratic voters. Done forget that
Excellent. I'm pretty sure you can also sign on to Bernies Medicaid for all bill as well.
Via Western Union.
When is the civil war gonna start?  Will we just know who to fight by tax bracket, or will we have red and blue shirts?
And nothing to help the American People.
Thank you keep up the good work.
Get it done but with a comprehensive bill to mend all this illegal immigrant ion. I am tired of grandstanding!  Get to work!
Build wall
Please read my story.No reason legal dreamers can't be in.If not now,we'll never be helped.We're dreamers too. Republican RACact includes me
We know who you are by your deeds you will be known
Hey, while you're at it, maybe we could work on #CHIP for all of our children?
Ya costing us 135 billion $ a year FACT
Nice little video but you need 3 Rs.
Where is @clairecmc? Does she not stand with #Dreamers in MO?
Why don't you put this much energy in helping the American people, Verterians, low income families ect.
And we are right here to support you however we are
needed.All of the DREAMERS belong right where they
Are!
Oh look. Senators..... actually doing something.....
Well stop the bull shit and get it done, should have been by now. OMG
Thank you for your support passing this legislation
Nothing bipartisan about the video.
Good luck. You'll need it.
What do all these politicians have in common.Their personal wealth increased greatly as politicians. Stop the #durbincartel
We need defend #DACA +also push xpermanent &legal protections x10M GOOD migrants @RepGutierrez @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @ACLU @SenSanders
What are you doing to help US citizens get tax relief, and  good paying jobs?
Worry aboit the kegals first.
No way!
When?  Soon, please
Sure,  though you don't give a damn about about citizens.
It's possible to care about more than one single category of people. Also it became a rocoso pint after trump adm. actions
California residents should be in an uproar .. Govornor allocates 75 million for dreamers. I guess the homeless couldnt use that money
You care about the dreamers more than us.  Shame on you
Thank you to all of you for understanding  that Dreamers are an asset to our country. I stand with  them. #DreamAct2017

Dick - that's fantastic, but get on the train. Dreamers are important - get ahead of Tax Reform, b4 the Rs beat you senseless with it.
I have a dream also but y'all are still in office
who is paying
Being from IL I couldn't agree more!
I get goosebumps watching this! Thank you, Senators, for standing by and with OUR #Dreamers.
They are still overlooking legal dreamers like me who have no path. No one except Republican RACact by @RepCurbelo includes me.
I'm against illegal immigration, but your situation is as you state: Legal. People like you should go to the front of the line.
You people are brain dead 2 or 3year got here. 23 now does anything click
Nothing else bipartisan right hypocrite?
Dreamers can't be anchors. Rewrite it
Dream until your dreams come true.
Lier after lier in this video. Nothing but bunch of self promoting hypocrites. You didn't care about imigrants last 8 years.
Too bad the bipartisan #DreamAct is not bipartisan strong enough to have one single representative from the #GOP in that promotional video.  Well, good luck anyway.
I think you meant "continuing to steal from the country that REPUBLICANS love"
No that would be Price and Pruitt.
And republicans may love this country but they are certainly not the only ones who do.
VOTE OUT GOP ASAP.  PUERTO RICO, Racism, Cutting Healthcare, Russia, TAX CUTS for BILLIONAIRES", DACA just too much to deal with.

I sorry how many years to apply for citizen ship. Lots of them over 20. even if they have been here 15 years. Why? All I can say dumbacrats.
Thank you!
To destroy any civilized society bring in as many black & brown as possible (it’s not rocket science) 
Deport em All http://www.newnation.org/ 
You know what the other side wants. Go make a deal and be done, easy. Raise Act doesnt hurt dreamers. Neither does a wall, it protects them
Try standing with Law abiding Citizens & those who have legally applied for Citizenship & follow the law & procedures to do so! Get in line!
There is no line available for people in this situation. Hence the need for reform
Current Law applies & will work.
There is nothing bipartisan about this video. Time to compromise with Republicans on this and #BuildTheWall, cut taxes, #RepealAndReplace
Stop pandering & do some work
#BuildTheWall #DeportThemAll #NoAmnesty #AmericaFirst
