Graham-Cassidy guarantees preexisting conditions.  It returns HC management to each state.   State is closer to citizens, manage own HC plan
No. Insurer's will be able to charge astronomical rates for preexisting & seniors thus effectively killing them since they can't afford it.
2/2 Gov will next offer "free" healthcare.  That would sound great if the enitiy offering were not bankrupt! Can't guarantee squat, need pvt
Also the AARP just reported elderly insured will see rates also skyrocket. The solution? Bipartisanship proposal to stabilize markets.
2/2 unless it's Single Payer (free).  UK, has free HC, announced prohibitive cost forces denial 2 obese (30BMI) & smokers.  Gov makes rules!
Lied about better, cheaper care so why is repeal & replace so important? Better go over tax reform with microscope. Just vote out all GOP.
Supposedly the Kochs will give the GOP $400 M only if they repeal ACA and pass tax reform bill.
That's what I said. Follow the money. All roads lead to the KOCH Bros & Russia. This is a Huge S**T Show.
Let’s not forget the Mercer’s as well. The Mercer’s took over Trump’s campaign during the elections They have a great deal tied up in this
The Kochs and Mercers need to be stopped. I've heard they want a Constitutional Convention to change the Constitution to fit THEIR agendas.
Well, that is frightening. What the hell else do they want?


If it lightens the load democrats put on us it is worth it
Bot
4/4 offer AIDS test kits in vending machines.  UK announces, prohibitive costs, forces them to deny HC to Obese (30BMI) & smokers? R U next?
2/3 w/bad credentials, when they can C U.  UK waits 10 months 4 biopsy?  Gov can use HC like Dems used IRS & unmasking, they can weaponize
3/3 HC to remove costly groups; Seniors, Diabetics even political enemies.  They will have total authority over who gets treatment or not?
3/4 Accountability & Choice Acts.  Do we really have 2 legislate Gov "accountability"?  Yes!  UK has free HC.  They have AIDS epidemic,
2/4  B 4 U rejoice over "free" HC, consider the VA Admin.,  This is free HC 4 vets.  Pres Trump had 2 intervene 2 save our vets.  Passed
Here's another reason > Why Goldman Sachs sees $1 trillion in tax cuts coming - CNBC
Senator, thank you from the bottom of my heart for staying clear and true to the needs of the American people.

1/3 Give Graham-Cassidy bill a chance, or brace 4 free gov HC.  Doctors will take care of wealthy patients in pvt practice. Pop will get DRs
1/4 Taxpayers, G-C bill is your last chance at pvt insurance.  There is no AHC plan.  it's dead!  Dems will flip U single payer, free HC.
Not just promises Sen. Hirono, this>
They have to make the Kochs and Mercers happy. Those satans have more money than they can spend & they want to screw society. Cone on karma
Crazy=promises!, Newt Gingrich used to say that "citizens asked for this".  Let the senators know we want them to DO THE RIGHT THINGS.
Get with ur reasonable Rep colleagues & make the case, Senator! There must be at least 3 who do not want to harm citizens. #noGrahamCassidy
I think you missed it Senator.

It shows how much they don't care about the people who elected them
That is dumb
This just proves big money donors have these politicians in their pockets. Republicans care not for the American People
Pat Roberts is the worst - totally incoherent
True conservatives (Rep) R not in favor, this tells me it may work.  If Swamp Dwellers R not in favor, count me in!  Beats free death panel.
thank you for standing up against this inhumane abomination, senator. i hope others (@SenateGOP) locate their compassion and dignity.
@LindseyGrahamSC U r a traitor to the people & ur party bring back House bill
Either that or watch ObamaCare fall flat on its expensive butt.
why r the DEMs so scared. the GOP is really cleaning up their mess. do u remember the DEMs had 8 years to fix the ACA
Please stop them.
More significantly, I think GOP are afraid of losing Koch $ by failing to end ACA. Obviously a bipartisan effort better for Americans.
PLEASE work across the aisle to convince to GOP to stand for the people, not the party. mahalo nui loa.
They are filled of greed for huge tax cuts.#NeverRepublican
And to pay for their tax cut for the 1%.  #KillTheBill #ProtectOurCare
Because Koch Bros put a hold on GOP funding until passed. Another great reason to #killthebill. Oh yeah, that and AMERICANS' LIVES!
You know these people, you work with them - is this a surprise to you? Like, you're wondering where the people you thought you knew are?
Pat Roberts is 100% useless. He hasn't exhibited one shred of independent thinking ever. #DoesntCareAboutKansans #WorstKindOfPolitician
It's the right thing to do for #Americans after you dumbocRats screwed up #Healthcare. Lousy evil dumbocRats.
Why are you not taking care of your homeless and drug problem in your state? I really could careless what you say anymore.
FULL REPEAL of the ACA.  Open up competition and rates will go down and coverage will go up.  Health insurance is not health care.
@SenSanders has a car too...
GOP going down! We are sick of this healthcare harassment!
And get their hands on the $400 million Koch has promised to give them IF they repeal "Obamacare!
They collect taxes, grow bureaucracy and fund wasteful bloated entitlement programs on the backs of American families. Where's the outrage?
This new product is a disaster for American s.
and it;s a junk car, the one we have only needs fixing
So true
Just a detail Ocrapcare doubled prem to $720 month Doubled deductable to 7k
 Cadillac plan to a Pinto rearend still hurts from your shoving
@SenateGOP You've had SEVEN+ years to pull something together.  This is a pitiful, desperate bill you should all be completely ashamed of.
Why do we still advertise prescription medication in the media?
Very hood question.
Oops good
This is the definition of insanity. They're just going to throw the baby out with the bath water. Do the work to improve Obamacare instead.
You mean promises to Kochs    sounds like they're owned
.@gop wants to fulfill promise to Koch bros to gut Medicaid so Koch money keeps flowing. Promise to voters was to improve healthcare.
Do you even know what the Koch brothers do for a living? BTW they support DACA where are you on that. For or against the Koch brothers SMH
You guys must really hate poor people!  WV is screwed.
Republicans & Trump screw old sick poor needy will make ppl's healthcare terminated and will be responsible of many dying of no care.
Because insane 45 has to try to undo everything Obama did, every positive move forward
#REPEAL ACA because its not affordable but wealth redistribution
We the people ALREADY voted to end ObamaCare DO YOUR JOB or lose SEAT
I think you mean on the lives* of Americans
This is NOT the regular order you're looking for, @SenJohnMcCain! Tell them to stop this insanity!
What the #GOP #HealthCare bill does. http://www.anh-usa.org/surprise-buried-deep-in-gop-health-bill/?eType=EmailBlastContent&eId=583d7f0e-ad0f-422e-bd66-6cf66e128df8 …
Bring on 2018 and give them a dose of the NO vote for R's. Anyone who'll destroy people for personal gain is worthless.
How dishonest?!?
Trump is determined to dismantle Obama's accomplishments. Trump is a racist.
Yeah that is it. Not that Obama was a Socialist and his policies ruined our economy or anything SMH
People should take notice how even they have nothing positive to say, unless they are lying
$400 million.  Real reason.  What's the price of a @GOP soul?
ACA repeal is getting serious for Republicans. The stakes are high...

https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform?CMP=share_btn_tw …
The car doesn't have wheels. And gas tank has holes.
ACA provides fleet with some cars just needing some air in tires.
To destroy American families.
Shit that was Hitler care  (Obama care )last I heard this is USA not Russia or N Korea. Why do you want to tell me when and where to shit.
Koch money.
More like Russian money too!
All numbers begin 202-224:
Graham 5971
Cassidy 5824
Capito 6472
Murkowski 6665
Collins 2523
Gardner 5941
Flake 4521
McCain 2235
Portman 3353
