I hope everything goes well!
Best wishes for your health and fight to come. Sending thoughts and healthy vibes! :)
Sending you my best wishes for your treatment and recovery.
sending good wishes!
Best wishes for a speedy recovery!
I trust you will win this fight with the love and support of your family,friends and us the American people behind you! #loveheals
Hope you are on your way to being well soon Senator.
Best wishes to you and your family.  Take good care of yourself--
Keep up the fight @maziehirono.
Use the fight within you. We, your Country have your back!
Praying for your speedy recovery
Sending prayers for a quick and painless recovery
Wishing you health and a speedy recovery
As you serve your constituents and fellow citizens with vigor intellect heart, we're wish you the best in this new fight to new victory
sending good thoughts your way! FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT

Godspeed and very best wishes Senator!
wishing you a speedy recovery!!
But there's nothing in the treatment plan to fight the stem cells no doubt circulating throughout your system???? #itwillcomeback
Hope u get well soon #senator 
Best of luck to you, Senator. Fight and win
You better research diet/natural remedies 4 stem cells since doctors won't tell you! Let go of all HATE the ONLY cause of cancer. #NOTgenes
I am sending my prayers.  I am a kidney cancer survivor and know you can beat this. God bless and with all those great Hawaiian blessings!
OMG! our hearts are with you! So upset hearing this news! You are a fighter and will overcome this! Aloha!
Best wishes in your battle Senator.
Sending love from Virginia, Senator! Get better soon!!
Thank you for your service, Senator. We don't always agree, but we both agree that we love Hawaii and want to protect her. E malama pono 
Kick its ass.
We, your constituents love you and are sending our Aloha and chi your way. Get well completely and soon!
All my prayers to you.
Thoughts and prayers while you undergo treatment. Best wishes.
wishing you well...  you can do it!!
Sending love
Stay strong! You're a winner. Sending thoughts and prayers.
Faith and grit will get you through the tough times.  You have both and I am confident you will come through this. You wll be in my prayers.
Sending many good thoughts your way for a speedy and complete recovery. Thanks for your dedication to the American people.
Keep it up  good job ...!
Cancer survivor myself, have faith Senator, fight and fight hard, my prayers for your recovery.
Wishing you the very best of everything! THANK YOU for your service to America.  Stand strong, fight this fight, and, know that we are w/ U.
As a NHL patient, I know the value of attitude & support. I will  for your strength & health. You can do it!! #iamapreexistingcondition
We send you warm Aloha! Mahalo for your continued fight for us, in Hawaii & the country at large. Go kick some cancer ASS!! #Aloha
Many wishes for a return to full health. Thank you for all you do for our country

Sending my best wishes for a quick and healthy recovery to @maziehirono & her family during this time.
We're praying for your speedy recovery. We need you!
You are a shining star in Congress. Sending you all healing thoughts for a speedy recovery from a two-time breast cancer survivor.
Best wishes to you!  Prayers being sent!
Praying for you!  My guy is also fighting the battle of the same cancer. You'll be missed wishes for a quick return.
Prayers for you, Senator.
Sending prayers your way for a full recovery, Senator.
Best wishes!
God bless you. Be strong.
Prayers and good thoughts to you and your medical team!
Thank God it was detected early. God's speed, Senator 
I'm sorry, I hadn' read it all, will pray for you, but, please support our President, we had to support your president.
