Sessions is ignorant
Marie, it is you that is the ignorant one, after all, you are a democrat, there can be little doubt.
Actually, no. I am a Patriot & believe in strengthening the Country. Not dividing it by throwing pompous labels on everyone. Thanks.
Glad you are a patriot, you must be supporting Trump and our military.
I support initiatives that are good for the American people. I've read part of your tweets & sadly I don't support your opinions.
then sadly you are misinformed.
Not really. When one only views 1 side & promotes only  1 viewpoint, with no question, it's dangerous. Your feed is 1 sided. No questioning.
but you are not one sided?  You only think you are open minded, I can assure you are not.
A man from Alabama though. That's the kicker.
Exactly. I would only live in Alabama if . . . Actually I would never live there.
I'd absolutely leave the country first.
Adiós
Don't worry. I know you like it like that. I'll save it for you. I'll even lube it up and give you two some privacy.
He just negated a whole state.
Hawaii was built on the strength of diversity & immigrant experiences- including my own. Jeff Sessions’ comments are ignorant & dangerous
Interesting transition from Hawaii to Islam.
No entiendo tus palabras. En ingles por favor.
How many refugees do you have?  We will recommend the next 2,000 come your way, especially the ones Australia didn't want, the unvetted ones
Take a look in the mirror.
Did anyone bother to point out that Obama flew in quietly & requested the fed judge to block Trump? That's ignorant & dangerous
Hate to disagree but Jeff Sessions comments aren't ignorant & dangerous. Jeff Sessions is ignorant & dangerous. His comments are just proof.
Ever wonder what happened to the kid in school that sat alone and ate his boogers - meet Jeff Sessions
 ... jeff sessions... the "booger miester" Alabama #ThursdayThought #nationalhighfiveday
College graduate to come up with that?
Come on Judy, have a little fun. It will turn that frown upside down.
Our Country being trashed by hypocrites is not funny.
Sessions is not playing with a full deck.
Where r all  of  the Syrian refuges u took in again?
I think Hawaii and California should succeed. Let them take in terrorists. There democrat ran. It would be fun to watch. Libs are funny
You and any others that snuck in our country are criminal! You broke our laws.  Who do you think you are?  You are snake and criminals. !!!
Betty, you're embarrassingly ignorant. Learn about Hawaii's history before you look more a fool than you are.
No
Chinese, Japanese, Koreans, Filipinos, and more came to Hawaii from its earliest days as a country in its own right, then as a US territory, then as a state. Please educate yourself.
Great....take all the illegal aliens with you to Hawaii and feed and clothe them and give them work
Hawaii, at one time, had a real senator
Hawaii is under a state of emergency due to your homeless problems! Cmon do your job and take care of your own
What do you expect from a hopeless bumpkin? #Sessions
I actually made a poll think the irony that he's actually from a state that still wants to refight the civil war.
Yeah, wouldn't shock me.  I try not to think of him when I enjoy listening to Lynard Skynard on the radio
Learn to spell libtard
Hawaii was seized by a group of undocumented aliens living and plotting the overthrow of a sovereign nation
Aren't you worried about the thousands and thousands of homeless you have in Hawaii? You can't take care of your own!! Unbelievable
We have programs that help them get into shelters! Most of our homeless come from the mainland so start a program inMainland to give shelter
And quit tweeting about something you know nothing about! They come here for the weather. We are much more attuned to their probs than
You hypocrites on the mainland. Start being a solution and help ur homeless b4 you criticize us!
Talk to you rep Gannet She holds the purse strings and the mic
- Hawaii is a liberal cesspool.  The ruling only endangers the other states in the union....but you don't care about that.
SAD!! We hold talk show hosts to a higher srandard than our president
I strongly agree with with President Trump and General Sessions that the Federal Judge has vastly overstepped his bounds. Enough!
I'm amazed he's so clueless that he'd refer to the Great United State of Hawaii as "an island on the Pacific."

He's so unqualified!!
I've been there and it's just a dinky naval port in the middle of nowhere. Only the Royal Hawaiian and the Ala Moana mall are worth seeing.
Mike thanks for Not visiting.   
Since Hawaii won't recognize my Florida CCW license, my chances of visiting your rock are close to zero.
You must not have noticed Hillary.
Why are you wasting my time then?
WHY DON'T WE STICK THE NEXT BATCH OF MIGRANTS ON YOUR ISLAND IN YOUR STATE
@SenSchumer Americans just want them to ℅ e legally do u not get that
I lived in Hawaii for 11 years. If I remember correctly, most local Hawaiians wanted the USA to release them. Boom
I'm  amazed we have a lying, racist as our attorney general @jeffsessions But, fits in regime perfectly #SessionsLiedUnderOath #Trumprussia
We have a lying racist in the WH.
That is because there are 62+ million fox/brietbart zombies who voted. Many got conned. Many just idiots. Biggest con/spy ring history of 
They're all afraid of the bad Muslims. 

Who's the snowflakes ??
They are scared of their shadows let alone Muslims, North Koreans, Iranians, everyone and everything. Except Russians. Their buddy
Hawaiians too.
you are very wrong, we support our President and our Attorney General. You are the outsider.
'Ignorant & Dangerous' the pre-qualifications for a job in the tRumpf Admin. & if you are Impuslive, Unhinged & Unpredictable u got the job.
@hinterlandg would you expect anything different
Dangerous is a liberal hack judge that is @BarackObama buddy from #theIslandinthePacific can halt an order that protects the safety of US
Leftists would misconstrue his comments. Illegal immigration is a problem.
What do "leftists" or "illegal immigration" have to do with a complete disregard for the judicial branch of our gov't and an entire state?
Federal jurisdiction
Wouldn't a Federal Judge know all about this? Even one from HI?
Wouldn't of federal dredge from Hawaii know trumps travel ban is constitutional but he's a commie leftist with an agenda...
LoL. It's actually not constitutional....multiple judges have all said the same thing. 45 needs to stop tweeting.
I suggest u read the constitution. Was Obama and Carter acting Illegally as well...
@maziehirono Sessions committed perjury.  What actions are you taking to make sure he is brought to justice?
Our country is at war with terrorist and Hawaii isn't demonstrating strength for all Americans
What are you smoking, Manda?
I'm trying to reach
@AlohaArleen all new arrivals, legal or illegal, are now directed to your state.
Your response @AlohaArleen both childish & disrespectful. Bottom line u not aware #illegalSessions has problems only w/ nonwhite immigrants!
Nope. Most HI tourism comes from CA. Which is blue. Remember "coastal elites"?  Red states are poor.
Isn't that a stereotype, that red States are poor? Are you promoting hate or lies?
ENFORCING laws which are ALREADY ON THE BOOKS isn't ignorant & dangerous. You DON'T like the laws..CHANGE THEM. STOP THE WHINING!!!
Hopefully Hawaii is the first state nuked by N Korea.
You know he did not meant it that way its only the fake media taking it put of context
Yes!!!!! We agree!!!
Maybe true for you...but what about others who have been harmed by lax immigration policy? Do you care about them?
AG Sessions is a national embarrassment.Corruption is what got him where he is.These WASP men are insecure and take it out on good people
Laura, people in Alabama appreciate that you would never live there.
@SenSchumer aint nothing but a island.
and it's part of america...so get over yourself and obey your elected PRESIDENT!!
Is Hawaii not in the Pacific Ocean?
Yes of course!
His comments, unfortunately, weren't careless or off-the-cuff. They appear to be part of a deliberate campaign.
The catch word for you illiterate Progressives is Illegal. You will not succeed in creating a one party system.

Can't take the truth, huh?  Hawaii looks worse every time I visit.  Mostly go to the Caribbean now.
How dare Sessions dismiss Hawaii.
Can't believe some dimwit, old, racist, narrow minded creep from Alabama is Attorney General. Session over
@maddow HI is a state where minority ethnicities are the majority. White men hate HI bc they fear that is how the US will become
I'm Hawaiian and live in Alabama...Jeff Sessions couldn't be more accurate!!! Hawaii is plagued by the left.. Completely out of touch..
It's not just his comments that are ignorant and dangerous.
Those words describe him as a person very accurately.
What does diversity & immigrant experiences have to do with the constitutionality of judge's decision?Critically think, please.
What's ignorant&dangerous is some judge risking the safety of the American people 2 play political games.Get a grip,sick of the fake outrage
He's a racist pig.
Are you sure your Cornbread is fully cooked in the middle ? Yoy may want to check in....
Given some of the things I've read about Sessions, maybe he has a pre-1959 (statehood) worldview. Maybe pre-1954 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brown_v._Board_of_Education …
Thank you for responding to Jeff Sessions' ignorance with strength and clarity.
Just like the man! #JeffSessions
Sessions is a brain dead waste product. Please! I can't wait til this disgusting administration is out and the truth is know.  #noaltfacts
No kidding. He’s deporting  central Americans families by the hundreds and putting their lives in danger.
Hawaii was built by volcanoes.
If I had a buck for every fool like Sessions who asked me how long I'd been "in the states"...
Sessions was accurate. Loonie Lefties don't like truth & apparently you don't either.
Well stated
 is a 100% Ignorant Politician What part of Illegal doesn't this crooked lawmaker understand @realDonaldTrump #draintheswamp
Sounded to me that Sessions was advocating for Hawaiian independence.
Why have no Syrian refugees been relocated to Hawaii?
 #TalcomX
No they aren't. You are simply playing party politics against the opposition. If you truly believe his statement, Heaven help us all.
I believe Sessions himself is ignorant & dangerous and that the policies he is trying implement will do harm to our nation.
Who knew the bogeyman looked just like Jeff Sessions?  Freaky and creepy inside and out.
Ignorant and DANGEROUS?? This democrat racial identity movement is both racist and IS exacerbating tensions! Most Americans accept his word

support  !!
At issue is not "diversity & immigrant experiences."  At issue is 
"ILLEGAL diversity & ILLEGAL immigrant experiences."
no lie...it's a mess.
"Jeff Sessions is ignorant & dangerous."   There, I fixed it for you! 

#trumprussia #racist #misogynist #homophobe
Jeff Sessions comments are ignorant and arrogant.
3 I am absolutely shocked at the things sessions is doing and saying
2and they loved the United States.  My wife is also an immigrant and we've been together 35 years.
1Love your response.   My parents were immigrants who came here after fighting the nazis.  All of our close family friends were immigrants.
Yours are ignorant, period.
Lat time I had a Geography lesson, Hawaii was an island. Stated correctly by Sessions.Twisted by Marxist bastards bent on destroying America
I was in Oahu and I wish I could make it my home. Senator I Hawaii
Yes they are! The good that trump has done is to expose those who hold Hate in all forms. He allowed them exposure through his own hatred.
Replace the words "comments are" with the word "is".
hi have yet to hear one from a tRUMP DRONE that wasn't.
especially DANGEROUS.  THEY ARE TRYING TO DESTROY AMERICA.  PLEASE STOP THEM.
Perhaps all the Syrian refugees can go to HI, now take a look at Europe. This is your future.
Jeff Sessions is protecting the American people what are you doing...
Compared to Hawaii, Alabama is that last  piece of dog crap that refuses to come off your shoe...
I'm amazed that that little racist, sexist, hateful pissant from Alabama is AG! Also, w/O'R gone maybe elf saw fit to be on Fox obnoxiously.
Sen. Hirono, you're the one that's ignorant keep your politics on your Island.
Bullshit,was built tax on dollars,nothing else,freeloader.
Give me a break! Your obviously are not for the safety of America, lol loser!
We the people of Puerto Rico support Hawaii State against racism expressions of DOJ.
The entire US was built on strength of diversity and yes, his comments are SO inappropriate!
You bet your ass. They are a threat to democracy. The whole damn bunch of em.
Sessions is just another HUUUGE mistake by Fake 45 and this GOP lunacy! They have messed up bigly! Just wait until elections!
Mahalo Mazie for standing up for the #50thstate and #MyHome
"GET 'EM OUTTA HERE!!!!"
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @CNN
Hawaii wad built on importing virtual slave laborers to work for next to nothing had nothing to do with voluntary immigration
May I just emphasise the word "ignorant"?

Dunno what comments u point at, but Sessions is our Founding Fathers,incarnated. He is a great American who won't let Haters destroy Freedom
As is Jefferson Beauregard Sessions 111.
Sessions is from Alabama, just sayin'.
I took a red pill and woke from this dopey liberal diversity, inclusive dream which is full of hatred in reality.  Also an immigrant btw.
Like a three-year-old, he thinks his experience is everyone's experience. #resist
I bet he was pronouncing Hawaii "Hawhyuh" before some coaching.
You would expect something different?
His comments had more to do w hatred of @BarackObama than anything else. It was yet another side-ways slam that BO was not legitimate pres.
Jeff sessions , races, bigoted and disrespectful, but what else can U expect from a racist bigot who's empowered by his boss...to be races

An Island In The Pacific? I Seem 2 Remember USS Arizona@Bottom Of Sea@This Island In Pacific, That Caused Day In Infamy 12-7-41
Let's face it. He is old and is from Alabama. Figure it out
Nada 2 figure out. @jeffsessions is old, ignorant, racist, & w/luck, 2 seconds short of a natural death. I hope Jim Crow meets him in hell.
#Sarcasm. Old white folks from Alabama thinks alike
Most of them do. I guess they felt like royalty when de facto Jim Crow laws gave them power 2 act on hatred 4 Blacks. They hate it ended.
.@jeffsessions is a racist POS that would never question judges from a flyover state like North Dakota.
What part do you not understand? We are speaking about #illegalimmagrants.  Stop being ignorant trying to destroy our laws
Your justices who rule based on socialism instead of constitutionalism are ignorant & dangerous. They don't care about Americans' safety.
Oh please !!!!
Then how come Hawaii hasn't taken any refugees? If you love them, we'll send them your way & let's see how fast you change your mind.
what he was attempting to say for the intelligent is a Judge on a small island, State which it is, feels he has more power
Liberals are offended by everything, it's so funny! 
more ignorant (but less dangerous) comments from trolls down here. Fortunately they're trolling rather than doing real harm.
Oh yeah,, well you ask Jeff Sessions about that, he took the "Short" bus
Agreed!
@gaagee0406 some attorney general. Too stupid to know how the appellate court framework works.
Even more ignorant is you and your state willing to allow evil people who want to kill us into your state. Chew on that one.
Hawaii was already built before USA invaded the country by brave men and women that challenge the elements to colonize the islands.
The voyage of the pilgrims in the Plymouth was like a Caribbean Cruise compared to the travel of the first colonizers from the micronesia.
Better to be silent and let people think you're a fool, than open your mouth and remove all doubt. A lesson this administration must learn!
If you think Obamacare is so good WHY ARE ON IT congress opted out from beginning
so letting illegal aliens into your country is ok with you
let them live in your house oh that's right there called house staff
You are ignorant and dangerous
Sessions srartement is typical republican he doesn't think brown&black should be American citizens
Jeff Sessions himself is dangerous!
This racist swine should NOT be AG, nor should he be in the U.S. Governrnent!
Idiotic, I am afraid all that was said about him is true.
Love Hawaii &her people!Cant wait to return!Like going home!Plus meet people from around the world!Always great holiday!Thanks Madame Pele!
Why is Sessions even making a comment? That said any comment as AG should be to address the law not to throw out person bias and opinion.
When will this callous, hurtful bullying end? Enough is enough.
Thank you Senator for speaking out!
Ignorant & Dangerous could be the tagline for the Rei ̶c̶h̶ (gn) of Prez Chump.
Jeff sassion still lives with his confiderate flag.
Remove "comments are" and replace with "is"
Well you just defined him....#SessionsIgnorantDangerous
@SenMajLeader Mitch - Are senators allowed to speak truths about Sessions now that he's no longer a colleague? cc: @SenWarren @maziehirono
Unconscionable!  @JeffSession needs to go!
Another worthless senator!
I'm surprised Sessions didn't call the judge uppity.
We have simply put a racist in @JeffSession who reflects by association the views of @realDonaldTrump
@SenSchumer YOU MIGHT CARE ABOUT YOUR ISLAND BUT WE DONT.THEY SHOULD HAVE NEVER MADE IT A STATE IN THE FIRST PLACE.
@maddow we live in a time when ignorant and dangerous comments are the order of the day. what is one more from Mr. Sessions?
Probably because he's a putz.
What's ignorant is judges illegally stopping our Pres. from doing what every other has done including Obama. Libs are dangerous
My family is from Hawaii and the values of the islands are what I've been raised on. Sessions needs a lesson.
My grandparents immigrated to HI in the 1920's. My dad was born there. I am so angry to see HI being labelled as "exotic" or the "other."
Sen @maziehirono was on the right side of history on the #USAG vote. Was your Senator? #stopsessions #scarlettletter
Senator...Canada is on the phone with a proposal you will like.
I'm ashamed you represent me and the people of Hawaii. you're an atrocity #resign
He is a horrid horrid man.
Only 3.75 years left!
Hawaii and diversity in the same sentence? you do realize Hawaii is a democratic ruled state.. where's the diversity in that?
AMEN!
Jeff Sessions is ignorant & dangerous. Only slightly less than #45 #RESIST #IMPEACH #IMPRISON #SaveTheUS
I think his point was a federal judge with no involvement in an issue shouldn't be allowed to block a presidents constitutional authority.
He was too stupid to be quiet. Talking out of touch...
