@POTUS throwing McConnell under the bus then pretend y'all are BFF's , at least remove the tire tracks off his back.
Those tire tracks are just the lasting Legacy of hate that Trump started in March 2016 check out Maddow and you'll see what I mean
the public has a right to be reminded about them otherwise history repeats itself. . We always come around eventually to reject hate.
If you are watching Maddow for news then you already lost
I watch others. Don't get it twisted
That wasnt to you. You didnt say Maddow
Well, what did Obama do to it? Who can afford 500 month for insurance?
Does he care: a rhetorical question.
They forget that Trump only cares for his base. As long as his 27% base cheers for his every (stupid) action, he doesn't care who gets hurt.
That’s the ironic part, about it
#VoteThemOut 
#GOPocalypse
#UniteBlue2018
It will hurt a lot of his voters.
And they don't care!
Stop tweeting your BS comments that you know are incorrect!
Glad I live in Canada where healthcare is universal
And it will close hospitals and clinics, they need patients to survive. We're looking at a sick America, sick from the top down!

Anything to put more money in his pocket
Do hand trump the book in media face and ask him to pick out what he want change.
“Everybody?” The only thing “everybody” knows is that congress does not care about Joe Shmoe or Juan Shmoe for the matter. DCisBS
Deplorable
The feeling when you wake up the morning and figure out ..This Moron Son of Bitch Rapist Dotard Crook is still alive: Shit another Bad day.
Not True Dems. You are Liars as usual.
Ok u don’t wanna believe it... it’s his own base, that would get affected the most, by it.

Sure they know it,  how many of them actually give a damn though?  They have secure health care after all
He's sabotaging everything.
Should we depend on the few @GOP reps that have a conscience or are you going to be tougher then you have been and fight for our rights?
I don't know how MSN is not challenging the R talking point that subsidies to help poor pay premiums are an insurance company "bail out"
Trump is a disgrace to the Office of President & US & our founding fathers demanded we impeach someone exactly like him. #DutyToWarn
BS @realDonaldTrump is the best President this country has had in a very long time!
Trump wants to destroy #ACA. He has found ways to do it. A bill MUST be drafted to counter his destruction. Peoples' lives depend upon it!
Including his own supporters (Ironically... they’d be affected the most).
Do Republicans grasp meaning of love your neighbor as self.see if they can prove it. Love Hope and Faith djt embodies none of those things.
Our healthcare was destroyed by Obamacare. Donald Trump is fixing it. Remember, that it was you the Democrats who voted for it.
Lmao. Trump doesn’t wanna fix it... he wants to repeal and replace it, remember? Which affects his own base, ironically.
#
Congress and the goverment in general is hurting Americans on healthcare. Trump had nothing to do with it. He's forcing you to address it.
Democrats and Republicans establishment suck.toss them out.
Cant hurt it anymore than when you idiots voted for this monstrosity of a bill
duh!  #Obama ALREADY sabotaged health care!

It was worth risking losing IQ points, viewing this gary's twitter page for a few seconds... to reach the mute btn
There's one of the worst fucking liars-Greg Walden right behind, kissing IT ass; and laughing!
You all should call it what it is, #trumpdontcare.
@realDonaldTrump Lock this #NutJobPotus UP
His Lifelong solemn words,,,Lie to hook the suckers & Change to fit his wants and desires. What made you think he would honor his "promises"
Why can't the Republicans stand up to an ignorant jackass like him!
Why Mr president do you want to hurt poor people ????????
Who are you kidding..Obamacare sabotaged everyone's healthcare. Remember "you can keep your doctor", "you can keep your plan" .. Go away!
Yet few in the gop have stood up and fought against such a reckless and harmful policy! Like so many other Trump sins, the GOP remain mute!
Yes!! Beholden to $$ from far RW sources (the Koch brothers, Mercers et. al). They seem to "think" they will benefit. They won't!
Can't hurt any more than Obama care already has.
The citizens have marched, protested and called until our fingers hurt. WHAT IS YOUR PLAN, DEMS? If your plan involves Bernie, I'm done.
Hope it costs the GOP all their seats
Please stop giving this monster a platform. He's not shy about the path he wants America to go
PLZ RT Help fight Trump's #ACASabotage
ENROLL Nov 1-Dec15 
Spread the word by
Clk the Pic Clk Twitter Say OK
Dims didn't care when they took away the working man's good healthcare! Dims don't care we can't afford the deduct. Dims don't care........
RTing to @RealDonaldTrump...#GOP...and @FoxNews
it will not hurt congress cause u all exempted your self, which is rotten. what is good for us is good for you!
Make him pay the bills as agreed upon. A deal’s a deal.  It’s good business to KEEP your word.  This is about being president, not trump.
but yet you have no better plan and Obamacare sucks, you just wont admit it, if it was a GOP plan you would in a minute
These two in fairness (Susan Collins and Kasich) are NOT republicans, they're RINOs.
why not negotiate a legislative fix? oh wait, you have no interest in solving problems....loud and clear
Obama and the Democrats wrecked health care
Can they just say the 100% truth. What Trump has done will KILL Americans. Not just hurt but KILL
Stop living under a rock.  ACA has been broken ab initio. Lost my doctor of 20 yrs, then my replacement doc 4 more times why? Bad law!
Blame your insurance provider, not the ACA, which BENEFITS private insurance companies.
you have the perfect opportunity to use Trump failures in political commercials to elect democrats in 2018 and 2020#smartmove
I am a hard working American, I've always had a copay. Stop lying.
Why because you dems/rino aren't getting a subsidy kick back from the insurance companies. That bottom line looks ugly about right now huh.
So, insurance companies were evil until obama wanted 2 subsidize them... It’s tough not 2B in control of the ppl....
He's unfit to be potus,  come on ppl, he's supposed to work for us not AGAINST, he's a crazy ego maniac bad child, UNFIT TIME TO QUIT, 25TH
Neither party wants to fix healthcare. Government needs to quit and open markets again with reasonable premiums and deductables. No subsides
Trumpanzees have guns. Not a good idea to take away their coverage.
TRUMPCARE features death squads. Trumpanzees you don’t have to decide to pull the plug. TRUMPCARE will do it for you.
Then it is time to start discussing how you are going to make concessions to fix this crisis! Stop pharmaceutical and hospital gouging!
A bunch of white devils
Now propose a health care bill minus the corruption.  Unless you are determined to prove how worthless and destructive you really are.
Dems need to make him own this, along with GOP.
The corp healthcare system has bought off both parties from a to z..even rnc establishment doesn't want to fix it.Dc just wants 2 collect.
We need to fill more Democratic seats; and get a Democratic Speaker of the House like Nancy Pelosi.
Hey democrat bitches. I don't have healthcare I can't afford it
Democrats are the cause of all the Health Problems in America, Trumps is giving groups the chance of fixing a mess that the Senate failed
When is all this over-the-top hype going to stop?  No sabotage happens if the Dems had over 8 yrs fixed the ObamaCare deficiencies.
Isn't that what they want. To hurt everybody.
Failure in healthcare is 100% fault of DEMOCRATS!!!!
Most are too worried about their own re-election instead of our democracy. GOP Shame
