How about a little love for our state, Senator? Ocare thru the roof, homeless and homeless veterans, drug abuse and mental health crisis?
I just returned from a family trip to Oahu. There were 17 of us. The aggressive homeless took Hawaii off our future vacation lists.
Been on/off HI my entire life, most islands & personally agree, never seen worse economic horror!
It's really getting bad and its spreading to the outer islands as well. 
They just keep ignoring the problems, hoping they will go away. SMH
there will b more homeless whn gov raise property tax etc...2 feed da rail money pit.
Yep, people are going to priced out of generational homes because they cant come up with the extra 2K. Most working 2-3 jobs already.
Wow, you & I just almost quoted each other, as I had this meeting last night in town!
I can see Hana dying really easily. The rich are selling off their estates and those of us who remain are really hurting.
That's why we love that state! #standstrong
Thank you!! My thoughts and prayers are with you. 
What about the $188 million ACA that Hawaii cannot account for:  Democratic Governor.Democratic Legislature.Democratic Delegation??  EXPLAIN
Still want know why ACA spent $188 million MORE in one year in Hawaii?? DACA? ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS? MIRANTS? R U misleading us again?
Thank you! Call @lisamurkowski and encourage her to STAY STRONG! She was last JUNE and she can again be a hero! #noGrahamCassidy
Is it true they offered to let Alaska keep Obamacare to get her vote?  Surely not?!
Yes. They went there. Desperation knows no bounds.
Low down and dirty. Pathetic traitors to Americans
Thank you Senator .
Good, ms. Hirono!
Thank you!
Senator, thank you.
Thank you Ms. Mazie. Aloha mini.
It's so SAD! when a #putinbot attempts humor.

Ya, I know.  You're not a bot.  Bot/troll/friend of bots -- it's all the same.
Thank you for all your remarkable efforts Senator Hirono.
@lisamurkowski please take a page from the reps of the great state of #Hawaii
Thank you.
You're great, Mazie.
Thank you
Thank you! 
Thank you Senator!
Thank you and Mahalo!
A Senator for American values!
What say you @lisamurkowski
Good for you! God Bless!
Love you,  and btw I love your name too!
Thank you, Senator! And you do all of this while you yourself fight cancer. You are a true American hero!
Thank you
Thank you Senator Mazie Hirono & the Great state of Hawaii!
Thank you, Senator Hirono.
@maziehirono can you say the same for your colleagues from the great state of Alaska ?
Thank you! 
pfft, Then let Obamacare fail on its own. Hawaii has it's own failure, the Rail. Another Dem, money pit.
Thank you!!
Doesn't Hawaii have universal healthcare??
THANK YOU. Most of us will be sick or old or both eventually, or love someone who is.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you Senator @maziehirono  Well, @lisamurkowski ? Don't throw the rest of the county under the bus.
So with you on this, Senator. As one person living w/Stage IV to another, also sending healing thoughts.
Good, call Alaska, Senator!

#NoGrahamCassidy  #ProtectOurCare
Thank you! Hawaii is America's paradise.
Thank you Senator. Can @lisamurkowski murkand @SenatorCollins @SenMcCain  not accept bribes to vote yes 2 the Koch Death Bill?

We can't thank you @maziehirono  for standing up for what is right. 
Bravo to Hawaii!!!
Mahalo and thank you @IndivisibleHI 
Ty Senator !!!
Thank you!
Love the lady
Thank you. Hoping your colleagues including @lisamurkowski and @SenJohnMcCain also do their jobs and protect what is best for all Americans.
Thank you Senator. We all hope @lisamurkowski continues to show the same amount of integrity.
Thank you for fighting against this horrible bill forced on us by the Koch brothers!!
Thank you from Delaware! Hope @lisamurkowski shares your empathy.
Please call to stop this bill!
Thank you senator! We need many many more like you.
Thank you @maziehirono for your continued support and !! 
Thank you @maziehirono for your continued support and !! 
Don't believe you anymore!!  Try being honest for once
Let's Go Mazie! Hawaii is behind you n Brian!
Keep fighting for us and ACA!
Thanks @maziehirono you are a sensible person.
Right with you!  You are truly a voice for the the people.  Mahalo nui loa!
Thank you Senator Hirono from Colorado
What's a bus?
Mahalo!!!
Aloha 
Bless you... thanks for your wisdom and sacrifice for our country! Thinking of you and hoping for your wellness. Aloha
Bless your heart.

Potential cost increases by state:
- AK: $31,790
- AZ: $22,074
- ME: $16,437…
Thank u! We need you!
Your @DNC already did with Obamacare, while you and your family have a separate exclusive premium insurance! Democratic Hypocrits
may god speed you, senator!
Thank You Senator!!!
Only one problem Maz,
Nobody gives a shit what Hawaii thinks.
Mahalo nui loa
Thank you Senator Hirono! I appreciate you from the far state of Maryland! 
Thank you Senator Hirano and Hawaii.
Thank you Senator! Ohana!
Thank you!! This is not a good deal for ANY American!
Sen. Hirono, THANK YOU! GOP's tactics are domestic terrorism.  My Sen's @SenTedCruz & @JohnCornyn of TX are GOP terrorists. #impeachTrump
Let's just review budget, HI state issues which should B top of mind right now! Big trouble here in paradise, no?
Thank you!
My Senators are with you (WA State) Go get them Senators!
I hope Alaska's rep does the same!!!!
Did you vote yes for the 700b military give away?
Thank you Senator!
Thank you!!!!!!
Thank you, Hawaii
Thank you for all your efforts Senator. 3 time cancer survivor here wishing you well as you handle your illness.Thank God for Medicare!
I was lucky to have Medicare and a supplement which handled my catastrophic medical costs. Everyone should have the option of Medicare.
Ahhh! Divide and conquer!! Isn't that what today's Democratic party is all about? What does the Gov, know about health?..nothing! It shows
Thank you, Senator

Thank you Senator

Thank you Senator!
Good luck dear...We really don't care.  REPEAL ASAP  MAGA
Ham-fisted! Well said.
Thank you!  You are a profile in courage.  I can only hope @lisamurkowski shows the same devotion to ALL Americans.  @SenJohnMcCain too.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator!!
Can you please send a backbone to Alaska - I see from the maps that they are right next door to you.
Next luau, save the spine for Alaska.
Thank you!!! #Patriot
So then you're lying about what the bill says too.  Man, so surprising to see the liars.
Thank u Senator we hope @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @SenDeanHeller @JeffFlake follow your lead protecting ALL Americans
Thank you Senator Hirono!!
Thank you!   So proud of you!
Spoken like US Senator, not like the political hacks that will be voting for this horror.
Can you be my Senator? 
We need that bill..
Thank you
You are a honorable woman and thank you!
Thank you, Senator Hirano! Let's hope @lisamurkowski says the same about Alaska!
WE LOVE YOU, MAZIE!!!
Thank you Senator! We appreciate it & I'm sure that'll show come election time!
#GrahamCassidySucks
Listen up @lisamurkowski
Hawaii and California need to grow up and quit whinning
You are a hero, Senator. Thank you.
Thank you Sen Hirono! You are a brave fighter for Hawaii and all Americans!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator
Thank you.
Good for you!!
Ah hem @lisamurkowski what say you?
Graham's bribe isn't going to fly with either of my senators from Hawaii!
Seems like a threat to me
Graham's main goal is to bribe Murkowski w/AK & HI being allowed to keep Obamacare. He's probably using us as cover—not that it's working.
Oh wow! That is just dirty af!
Be well Senator!
Thank you!
Thanks, Sen. Hirono! I know that you and Sen. Schatz are going to fight this latest Trumpcare abomination.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
Way to be.
Thank you for thinking of all Americans, Senator
I hope @lisamurkowski feels the same way
It's sad they are doing it for contribution's for campaigning so sad
Thank you!!!
Awesome!
See if they'll offer you a bribe.
Thank you, Senator
Cc @lisamurkowski
