How do such low IQ citizens become our senators and reps over & over again? I imagine these idiots standing next to our founders & shake....
I realize that u do not care about facts, but at the very least, u could try responding to some of the 9-0 comments.  U said it, back it up!
And of course, @mitchellreports says absolutely nothing about the unanimous SCOTUS decision.
So much for toning down the rhetoric.
The order doesn't explicitly mention Muslims. Therefore not a Muslim ban. Just the same countries Obama came up with when he was in office.
why do we have to allow everyone who wants to come to the U.S. anyway ?
All 9 justices unanimously agreed!
You do realize that the vast majority of muslims in the world were not affected by ban which targeted countries of risk
Lol this women is a two faced politcal sponge that has no idea what the ppl want, she must have missed the election.
Only a complete idiot would try to call this a Muslim ban.
Extreme? What is extreme is the utter foolishness of your comment.
maybe your the extremist.
Senator your break from reality may be a warning from you to step down and focus on your health.
eh Auntie Mazie! Hawaii Nei no more nuff probs already you wanna import more?  When tourism bottom out no cry cause your fault.
wow... that is psychotic.  Are you sure your not on medications?   You're so out of step one has to question your grasp of reality.
Would be wise to invest in US Constitution classes @Heritage also please seek out courses in ethics, logic, Am. History. Thank you!
Senator. Really scary the ppl voted you in. Very scary. Are you worried about a terrorist attack in Hawaii?  Just asking
A Muslim ban that doesn't mention Muslims? Lol sorry. Feelings aren't a consideration when interpreting the law. #ruleoflaw #AmericaFirst
Either you are just a grandstanding liar or completely mentally incapable of understanding simple concepts.  Your are embarrassing
Wasn't the vote count 9-0 btw. Wow. Counting is hard in the senate these days.
You disgust me with your utter disregard for our nation's laws. Progressive liberals are indeed, a disease on our country.
#maziehirono  I think I trust the judgement of any Supreme Court justice over a half-baked Mazie opinion!
Keep the fight Mazie! Aloha!
Not a Muslim ban. But Muslim extremists are real and extreme measures are needed to correct 8 yrs of pacifism.
.You may be right, the President should ban all Muslim countries from entering the United States.The ban on Muslims W/K us safe
URthe extremist2Am.NatL sovereignty.  URa bigot,intolernt of all RIGHT&UdoNT cling2Const.&FedLAWS. Shame on U!UR an anarchist.
Doom and gloom! You must have missed the unanamous Supreme Court decision.  The one that made the Hawaii judge look dumb.
It's called a "travel ban" & ALL Supreme Court justices, both liberal & conservative, voted unanimously for it. You're delusional. #SCOTUS
100+ other muslim countries that are unaffected. So how is this a muslim ban? Answer THAT!
You are a loon
Hey genius.  There were 9 horseman on that cattle drive.  But let us not confuse facts with your twisted idea of reality.
Lmao come on we all know libs dont look at facts
No kidding! The Dems outnumber the Reps 2-1. People are figuring out that the left doesn't have a clear vision for the future. Only hate!
. Senator, your comments explain why Democrats lost Congress, Senate,   Over 2/3 State Governors before you lost the Presidency.
No it doesn't Senator! The balance of our democracy Executive Legislative Judiciary
good luck with that. BTW -When are you up for reelection?We'll be watching closely. #maga
Did you come out against Obama's travel ban and do you feel the same about His plan?Liberals are hypocrites and the people know that.
Seriously. I must have read the wrong fake news like you - the vote was 9-0 NO 3 Horsemen!  Also I wish you good luck today.  Get well soon
We know what you commies did
Secret OIC Treaty
U.S. Lecture explains the Muslim invasion to destroy western nations
We're dusting off the  to prosecute you communist too!
The American people are ready to rid commies from our schools & institutions. Enough
Islam is not a religion
+ it was 9-0
Keep peddling your #FakeNews
Hey dumbazz that would be 9 horsemen in this case
You really are that dense aren't you? If you want to live with terrorists then go live in Syria.
When did the Democratic Party sell its sole to the Devil? Just wondering when lying to masses to try and prove point became new norm.
The 3 Horsemen? Ummm it was a 9-0 decision. Step outside the snowflake bubble and try reading the Constitution
In case you didn't notice, the U.S. Supreme Court gave you the "middle finger" yesterdy.  9-0 
I guess you've changed your stance on attacking Judges.
This rhetoric is why you are losing.  You look like a fool.  Keep it up.
Hawaii will never lose tourism. Hirono is just another chicken little. You're just another hater. Shut your pie hole and do something good
Because the Supreme Court knows law. CNN doesn't know squat. You think some judge in Seattle has any idea what threats there are to USA?
guess you're concerned because Hawaii will lose all that tourist trade from YEMEN , joke
this has long been a presidential power. did @mitchellreports say anything fair and balanced? normally a gushing #libtards water carrier
extreme agenda? #america has survived lawless mindless cartel of 4 who never break ranks w/o u whining! #SCOTUS is now safe #Gorsuch  rules!
I hate to say this is a partisan issue, but all 9 Justices voted to allow the ban to be instated not the 3 horsemen you accuse
So glad you are out in a state that no one listens too. Please stay there and try reading the constitution sometime befriend your term ends
I'm so sad for you that as a US Senator, you clearly don't understand how the SJC works...you blame 3 conservatives...vote was 9-0! O.M.G.!
It is gonna be SEVEN horsemen.
You can use the msm-coined lie about it being a muslim ban all you want but the count was 9-0 today. The lower courts clearly overstepped.
It is you who holds "extremist" views and opinions. America was not like this when I was a kid. You are WAY out there in extreme LEFT field.
Thanks for turning down the rhetoric following the congressional shooting. Doesn't take long for your true colors to come out again. Loser.
Libtard
What about the Muslim Apocalypse taking place right now. Hawaii hasn't experienced crap yet take on few 100,000K refugees and let us know.
0-9 vote WOW did I miss the end of the World?
@4TheJerseyKid Apparently the Constitution and all nine Supreme Court justices do not agree with you.
Judge Watson overstepped his bounds; Supreme Court justices voted ban constitutional..that's Democracy; the 9th District can now suck it up.
I'm sure you're not trying to be dramatic or anything here.
Don't politicize a decision made by a 9-0 vote!
Clearly you misinterpret what the Bible says because this makes ZERO sense.   Prayers for your surgery though.
I'll take your three horsemen and raise you.
#SCOTUS 9-0 unanimous opinion #TravelBan You should RESIGN miss Mazie The US Constitution matters! Supreme Court Law of the Land
By the way, you need to get healthy, you will need your strength to deal with Roe vs Wade going by by. JG is one her last legs.
Sen. will pray for your cancer surgery. However, since you are not having near death visions of Apocalyptic characters, drop the extremism.
Don't you realize there are 4 Horseman of the Apocalypse?  President Trump is protecting us from the 1 on the Pale Horse. "Death"
Democrats always put NON-AMERICANS FIRST!
Trump puts Americans first!
NO, it protects Americans from hostile countries. Stop trying to divide us!
So you don't support the Constitution of the US
Isn't what U said quite extreme?
Nice alarmist rhetoric, Senator. YOU are the problem. I'm blown away by your rhetoric. Your thoughts are separate from reality.
No kidding. 

What's the weather like on her planet?
Well Mazie as an immigrant I'm sure you've heard of the Constitution, the document Obama threw away. Just re-instated by SCOTUS today.
Not all of Hawaii supports you Mazie. We are tired of your plantation territorial thinking and way of doing things. Change is coming.
It's the liberal / progressive agenda that is extreme and must be stopped. We'll get there.
Before you use Biblical analogies you might to actually read the Bible. There are four horsemen of the apocalypse, not three. (RV 6:1-8)
WATCH THE CLIP, DEBORAH
@mitchellreports  Someone has to  have the worst Senator. Might be Hawaii.
@mitchellreports If she personally attacked  these three, what did she have to say to the other  6?
@mitchellreports She clearly cannot understand or be taught that. This was a 9 to 0  vote, so all justices think Hi is WRONG.
@mitchellreports What a small minded,divisive comment to make.They are more properly addressed as 3 champions of the written constitution.
since you don't go by the laws of this land and the constitution.But the supreme court does.Obama did the same for 6 months why is that ok
9-0 in favor of the EO, your bias was overruled by the actual Constitutional law.
ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES.....didn't President Obama say that?
It's statements like this that makes libs look like partisan hacks and why people are turning away from the Dem party.  The vote was 9-0.
Look like?
Partisan hacks?
Honey, they're full fledged communist & we have law's on the  to prosecute them too.
 #Trump2020 
The vote was 9-0 Maggie by ALL the Supreme Court Judges.  You should represent some other country without a constitution.
 Pin your Supreme Court #TravelBan hopes on these #MORONS  
Dear Supreme Court,

ISIS is the de facto government in Iraq & Syria. ~ ACLU in a recent court filing.

…
How do you figure with an unanimous decision?   Your math doesn't add up
Hirono =  The dumbest!!!
it was a 9-0 unanimous opinion.  Poor Mazie.  #Unhinged
What part of 9-0 don't you understand????  Even JUSTICE GINSBURG agreed....  SMH
You are the extremist. Are you aware that your duty is to the constitution? You. Are. The. Problem.
Unanimous >>> 9-0 >>> foreign nationals living on foreign soil have zero rights under the United States Constitution.
Not ONE Supreme Court Justice agrees with you, but I'm sure you have far more experience with Constitutional Law, right Senator?
Keep strong @maziehirono
Take a peek from another vantage point--> @OANN One America News Network with @Liz_Wheeler her IQ is through the roof!
YOUR OATH is to uphold the Constitution. If you're unwilling to do so, please relinquish your seat to someone who is willing. #Treason
And ABLE, clearly you don't understand your role in our government.
You must be kidding. The hawaiians protect your sacred ground is ok but not for therest of America.
Hmmm all NINE voted the same way yet you only call out Thomas, Alito and Gorsuch. You lie with your rhetoric by not stating whole truth!
Idiots put you in office.
9-0. Stop your hate
The "apocalypse" is real, and its happening in Western Europe
..."extreme agenda" is real, and its happening among Islamic fanatics
GROW UP
Senator you should go back and read the US Constitution, @POTUS has supreme authority on immigration into USA.
Of course you run to MSLSD.. try a real news network! @FoxNews
YOU are NOT a constitutional attorney, so it is BEST that u not comment on SCOTUS ruling! U only show your IGNORANCE & PARTISANSHIP! SILLY!
It targets potential terrorists from harming American citizens we don't need your anti-trump rhetoric to put Americans at risk!!!!
How can you stand there with a straight face and flat out LIE!! As a proud Hawaiian and PROUD AMERICAN i apologize for this woman
UNANIMOUS decision!  So what do you call the non-conservative justices then?
Um maybe you may want to read the constitution which clearly says that the president is in charge of immigration policy. Oops
Elections have consequences. BTW, the liberal justices voted for it too, 9-0.
i know. because #NinthCircuit is a joke. note how mazie left out the useless 4 zombie cartel. only conservative appointments crossover ever
I'll be happy to send you a copy of the Constitution. You should read it sometime.
Just wait - they'll be a 4th horseman...

When Kennedy retires...
Seriously a possible 5th
What about the liberal members of the Court that voted with them? 
What kind of evil monsters are they?
Stop now. You are making entirely too much sense.
the decision 9-0=liberal and conservative judges agreed and voted the same. Do u have a name for the lib judges too? Asking for a friend.
THIS is what dems do..they resort to name-calling when they do not have an intelligent argument. No leg to stand on...so just stop talking!
well, so sooty you feel that way about our national security....shame on you!
The "extreme agenda" will be enacted, too damn bad for you cry babies, #ISIS loves your stupidity, keep it up #Trump2020 #MAGA
If you're going to slander someone using a bible ref you should at least know there are four horsemen of the apocalypse. Name calling FTW!
Most likely a "traitor" to their imaginary resistance movement.
Mazie is crazy! Trashing @Scotus is typical Dem Hate speech! @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @TheJusticeDept @WashTimes @Heritage_Action @AP
Your disdain for those who uphold and support the US Constitution is disgusting.
You should get off the Armed Services cmte as we uphold the Constitution and you do not. #antiamerican
3 horsemen of the Constitution actually.  Hopefully a couple more coming in :)
Nah
Might I request a calorie ban for you?
Ur unqualified to do ur job. The order is 100% constitutional. Ur comments r also appauling. I guess that makes u an anti-america, Marxist
Notice these are the places we've been bombing for 15 years. We'll bomb you so you can't live & if you survive you're not welcome here.
Mahalo for your strong voice. We appreciate you.
9-0.  Which means the looney liberals voted for it.
