End medicare and you kill hundreds of thousands of people!  Is that really what we want to do??
GENOCIDE OF ELDERLY AND POOR
Trump already said it wouldnt happen. Schumer likes to brainwash his followers.
did you believe what you just said? You believe what 45 says?
Yes I do, more so than Schumer who changes his views based upon who is pulling his strings.
You believe a liar and I know Dems are.wishy washy.  But Schumer doesn't make up shit.
Please protect Medicare, Social Security, Medicaid from being destroyed by Trump, Price & others. Thank you
Why can't States take care of themselves? They are NOT FIT to be in the US if they can't fund their Social Needs.
Oh come off it man.  You dont know our lives unless you walk in our shoes individually. You wont stoop that low
Wait till his constituents start getting bills from the nursing where Mom and Dad live. Pay up or get them out of here!
And who said "a refugee pause may be necessary" than cried and said "a refugee pause in un-American"? It was you FT Schumer!
@SenWarren @RepBarbaraLee @repjohnlewis @MaxineWaters @SenFranken @timkaine @SenSanders @NancyPelosi FIGHT HARD! I KNOW U WILL
There will be a BIG, I tell you, BIG REVOLT if those clowns take away SS, Medicaid/care from Americans!!! PROTESTS galore!
they need to leave medicare alone!!! It's the ONLY reason why my mom is still alive!!
has her full faculties about her and is living a normal life. She was even a town judge AFTER her tbi.
I don't! It needs to be left alone with one adjustment!!! Dental coverage needs to be included!!!!!
4th term in senate huh.
This suggested to stop at 2 terms only same as Pres. You have caught the God Syndrome, tsk..tsk
Don't let them mess with our Medicare or social security. White hair revolution!!
we paid for and are paying for Medicare, it's is ours, it is not for the Republicans to take away.
scary and evil
I wish America would wake up and put an end to ur undistinguished political career
THE WORKING CLASS THAT VOTED TRUMP IN WILL VOTE YOU OUT
you have been tearing it apart for years along wIth using our social security money as yalls piggy bank
Read the Preamble and Art 1 Sec 8
Welfare meant Prosperity in 1789, not Financial Dependence
Promote does not mean Gaurantee
is this man crazy? Well he works for trump he must be. He can't be allowed to mettle w Medicare
Americans DO NOT want Medicare touched.... Period
better would be good tho
Anyone who would purposely disrespect Senior Citizens so need to be arrested for conspiracy against older Americans. Traitor
and plain as day, who said "we have to change this country?"
maybe because govt doesn't make money they take! Congress stole it to spend frivolously
#Resist
Why?? Medicare works
Who said our premiums will go down, we can keep our doctor?
PRICE  ANOTHER TRUMP DESTROYER
Chu...k is the leader of DEVIL.
Medicare like Ocare will bankrupt the nation. Free market will solve it. Or we can go the way of Venezuela
best news I heard today
I agree entitlements are killing us just like Obamacare. You guys might need to anger some bottom feeders. But that's ok
You are so cool. :)
the only reason u want to keep as is, because it is a huge cash cow for u and your drunken sailor friends. To spend all my $.
Only the govt starts a program and keeps it w/out making adjustments. Time for an overhaul.
Who said we "must do more to keep Medicare viable for the future."?  The Democratic Party who do nothing but talk talk talk!
anytime big gov gets involved it costs to much. Leave this up to the states. Fed gov should not be involved.
stop the scare tactics. we do have to end it as we know it. It is a complete mess. And a huge waist of money.
20 trillion in debt, what's your plan Senator?
You get great satisfaction from scaring the elderly don't you?
.@SenSchumer BTW, what's the Democrats' plan to keep Medicare & social security funded past 2025? You have one, right?
@maziehirono that's because they don't care about the elderly and disabled.
.@SenSchumer You realize he serves at the pleasure of the president & implements rather than decides policy, right?
Are you fear-mongering AGAIN, Senator?
There goes Granny over the cliff again.  Same old democrat fear mongering.  Give us a break Senator. That's old news.
If u hold on long enough Chuckie will say our elderly will b eating nothing but dog food!
way overreaching simplification of the medicare issue as stated. Stop the misleading & obstructionism & do what we pay u to do.
so you're asserting that Medicare is fine as it is and doesn't need to be fundamentally changed?
Medicare was finished when you thieves looted it for Obamacare. Stop the hysteria
SAVE DEMOCRACY FROM THIS FACIST REGIME
and who said,  we  should  have  open  boarders, and lawless nation? the anarchist  liberal senators and governors
Esteemed Senator, please don't do memes
Come on Chucky! We all know Medicare is on the path to unsustainability. what's your solution? Think Happy thoughts? Good luck!
that might b an issues with the new miracle opiod recovery drug, seeing how so many in need rely on these benefits 2 DOC comply
attempt to dismantle Medicare and you will have the entire AAPR on your ass like taint on Sarah Palin.
why is it a lot of the same things Obama did and said was ok but when trump says it ,it's the end of the world grow up already
I believe it was YOU that said we needed stronger vetting of refugees & supported Obama's immigration ban. Words haunt you too
Were all waiting on the day for you to tell us American people " I'm quitting cause I cry too much". Now go home to yourillegals
Hands off my medacaide
GET HIM CHUCK!
Wanting to end the program you are hired to lead seems to be a job pre-requisite for DJT. EPA, Energy, Education and now OMB!
Plan to privatize Medicare is disgusting. Medical care as a whole should not be about $ but health.
Investigate flynn/trump/pence/et al. Please do not let the stonewall.
and what? Not very good now cost goes up every year & bennies go down, along with lower SS checks each year. NOT GOOD Change it
this is troubling
crawl under a rock, you think you are the greatest politician! Is your backyard clean? Investigate all House & Senate members!
Hell Yeah! Go @RepMickMulvaney
and on it goes. So sorry for those ppl who believe in them and r now going to be so much worse off.
are we voting tonight on nominees?

