Stay strong, Senator Hirono. Your principled leadership is so important. Thank you for fighting to #ProtectOurCare
She's trying to screw us, I don't want to pay for anyone's Healthcare but mine and my familys I don't care if you live or die.
May nothing surprising or devastating ever befall you or your family in your lifetime. Best wishes to you.
Well to late my mother died in 1978 I was 5 my dad paid off the hospital bills in 2005 he was proud he worked to pay them off
You don't honour your loved ones by letting hospitals and insurance companies feast on their bodies.  That's just twisted
You don't honor yours by being too lazy to get a job to pay for your own insurince
Oh honey, I'm Canadian  my parents honoured their kids by fighting for universal health care YEARS ago.  & yes I'm satisfied with it 
Your Healthcare sucks in Canada that's why I went anything is ever wrong with you people you come down to the 48 states
They arnt voting on your Healthcare your set for life how dare you take Healthcare for free then lecture others
U are an amazing woman! Your speech was amazing and so personal.Thank U 4 sharing your story & may God Bless you & your family.
I recently had surgery & radiation, with another surgery this fall because cancer sucks. Your words touched my heart. Thank you
Ahona!
I play this daily and sometimes often in that day thanks for your words and  compassion
No one ever imagined that not having healthcare would be normalized in the USA. Support what she supports. Simple things.
Go Senator Hirono!! Marvelous speech! we love you in the 808
Thank you Senator!  I am praying for your perfect health.
Thank You Senator and best wishes for a full recovery for you!
OHANA!
God bless you Senator Hirono
Senator HIRONO what a difference between you and McCain
Absolutely 100%. One cares for the people and one cares for the glory. She is inspiring.
We can handle our own lives, thank you very much. Free market insurance would lower costs across the board. Competition drives prices down.
That is a blessing that you can handle your own life. Will you acknowledge everyone is not as fortunate as you?
Yes. But we have programs for the needy. I have no problem with that. We're paying anyway, with the taxes and surcharges on top. Money scam.
What programs r there 4 the needy? WHO is charging us taxes & surcharges (for walls Mexico was to pay 4) now we r?
If he don't want it, that's his decision. And I will GLADLY do my part to get The Wall.
Like u don't wish 2 "aid" others 2 b healthy, I don't mind isn't my desire 2 pay 4 a wall 2 cause division-differences n opinion
G-d bless you, Senator Hirono, and heal you!
They don't care because THEY HAVE INSURANCE. . .
Madam,you are the truest of heroines and i pray God speed your full recovery.Thank you for voting for all of us.Aloha
Thank you!
I cannot believe the administration has doubled-down on the blackmail, this time threatening Senator's personal healthcare (& 2 mem w/cancer
That is not the end of the world to you ok
Pa Leeeeeeeeeeeeeez Mazi. Sorry for your Battle with disease.  BUTmakingIT about politics and hating on Republicans? MEAN
Thank you for speaking so beautifully & forcefully. ACA saved my life & husband's. I weep at the repeat tries to kill it. Long life to you 
Why don't you use ObamaCare then?
I want you and ALL of us to have healthcare. Get Well. Prayers.
Beautiful speech, thank you, Sen Hirono. I'm grateful for your clarity and power.
MN girl with immense respect for you, Senator Hirono. Best wishes for all time.
Thank you for all you do, my prayers are with you. I to have stage 4 cancer, breast cancer. I will die without this insurance
fw: CHEMO SPREADS CANCER FASTER
Not many greater than @maziehirono; She is a lioness, hunted and coveted for everything she is/has. Please support her. Wake up.
Mazie I'm on the same boat as you,Five years since diagnosed. We need to add cancer research to the defense budget.We are all under attack
 you can do it!
Thank you for your service to America and it's citizens!
Watching you speak to all your colleagues made me feel at least there is one person in Washington DC who gets it!  Thank you!!
Yes compassion, we must reach their hearts, the hearts that showed you compassion.
You are my hero!  Bless you for your strength, persistence, compassion, and humility amidst the craziness of those around you.
Thank you Senator for your service and prayers for comfort, healing, and strength.
Now you know on which side of the isle all the two faced phonies cling. Insincerity at its best!
SenatorHirono: Thank you for speaking on the Senate floor. You speak for many more than your constituents in HI. Speedy recovery, Senator!
Blah, blah,blah. Same old story. You embarrass me and our state.
Sen Hirono, your address to Congress was so powerful. I only wish Obamacare was available in IN. GOP governors saw fit not to not accept it.
We #standwithhirono we u
Second that Malenna  #Standwithhirono
Wish I could say I stand with me senators but  helllllllllllll to da noooooo way !!!!!! #beto4senate 2018
Thank you, @maziehirono. You have modeled courage and humanity for us all. May the @GOP get how critical that is. #SaveACA #Savemedicaid
Thank you for your courage. I hope you are recovering well.
