Sit down and be quiet.  How many Syrian refugees have been sent to Hawaii? None? I thought so.
DO NOT SPEAK2 A UNITED STATE SENATOR IN SUCH WAY!!!  BULLYING A WOMAN! SHAME ON U #DESPICABLE NO BALLS-TROLL! U SIT DOWN AND SHUT THE F' UP!
You have a lot of pent up hate nadel. Please get some help. I'll pray for you.
U defend #Sessions +I'm the hater? U #racists #whitesupremacists hide behind religion but u'r going2hell! MyHATE2 ur kind's real not pent up
I do not hate. I seek safe living for friends and family. I love all, but reject the terror that some others would bring. Namaste.
CAN'T USE NAMASTE. NOT WORTHY. TERROR IS ALWAYS HOME GROWN/2ND GENERATION. NOT "BROUGHT". FROM WHERE, HAWAII? LOL! NON WHITE?!! #DEPLORABLE
This man is the head lawyer for the nation? Sounds like he needs a refresher course on the Judicial Branch and the authority of US Dist. Cts
Why are your panties in such a bunch? He's just saying Hawaii overreached and they did. SCOTUS will overturn their decision. It's bad law.
It has nothing to do with the order, but rather the AG's lack of respect for the courts. Disagree, but don't disrespect. Setting bad example
At no point did he suggest these judges should be prevented from doing what they did, as embarassing as their behavior was in my view.
When the AG says "I'm amazed that a judge sitting on an island in the Pacific can issue an order ..." Anything that follows disses the court
And what about the Senator from HI suggesting (w/out evidence) Sessions didn't know HI was a state and that he's racist? Despicable behavior
Show me racist accusation tweet/stmt. and yes AG's stmt referring to Judge "on some island in Pacific" is kinda dismissive.
We won't "succumb to your dog whistle politics" was her exact quote. Despicable and baseless.
Sadly there are too many, including POTUS, who believe that Hawaii is really in Kenya.
*pfft* Anyone with a brain knows that Hawaii is in South America. Full of those bad hombres.
No that's Fiji Island
Duh! Fiji somewhere in Russia. I should know, I studied geography at Trump University.
Was that before or after the Miss Universe pageant?
During. I was writing my dissertation 'How Amazing Is Russia?!' while waiting in my underpants to compete in the competition.
hmmm you call them underpants that won't translate well in Trussian
I'm doing my best with Google translate, comrade!
THIS
Wait, @jeffsessions there's a property Trump sold his name to on that "island" you know you're not allowed to disparage/ban "those" places!
You go, @maziehirono!
Well said Senator :-)
Thank you, Senator. Sessions is ignorant, hateful, and anti-American.  As tho Alabama is some shining star of cosmopolitan sophistication.
Same #Session's that lied under

oath & now there's a possible third

meeting with #Kislyak #Nunes

#Mayflowerhotel #russiagate
Hey Senator Hirono.  Exactly how many refugees has your state taken in?  Would like an answer....if possible or have the courage to respond.
We love #islandinthepacific  !
CUT THE DOJ BUDGET!!!
Try following the laws passed by Congress
Banning all immigrants or any specific class of immigrants doesn't constitute randomly selected countries, learn English mate.

Treat Hawaii as a refugee intake center. Open up the program. See how your tourist driven economy handles that.
Yeah they have plenty of room lol
The American people stand with our GREAT President Trump & our GREAT Attorney General Sessions. 99% of AMERICANS have NO idea who you are
All his supporters believe his lies and that all non Fox, Breitbart or Alex Jones news are liars. It worked for Hitler.
Well said
Babies/Kids know more than this Pres./trump
Jeff Sessions was about 12 when Hawaii got statehood. Pre-teens just don't pay attention to what happens around them. Thx 4 schooling him. 
that Hawaii judge was still a dumb ass he even said if it was Hillary he would be fine but cant let it go cause Trump...bias much?
Perfect statement! 
The American people stand with our GREAT President Trump & our GREAT Attorney General Sessions. 99% of AMERICANS have NO idea who you are
Trump loves his uneducated zombie followers
Doesn't RNC stand for Red Neck Community?  36% illiteracy 36% approval rating... coincidence?
No coincidence at all benson. U hit the nail right on the head.
The Constitution...
  Geography is hard for dumbass Democrats: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pacific_Islands …
#JeffSessionsIsRight #Hawaii
Its called sarcasm, Senator. No dog whistle involved. #GrowUp
Hey Mazie... you are an island it he Pacific, or don't you know.  Oh, by the way you'll be the first with no funds.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgainRESIGN  #REVOLT #WeThePeople #StandUpAndFight #TREASONinHighPlaces 
#UnitedWeStand #IMPEACHDrumpfNOW  #TrumpsTaxesNOW
Hey Sessions, Hawaii is a state. Trump loves the uneducated
I bet all those vacationers from those (6) countries enjoy doing the hula dance!
AG Sessions is absolutely right, moreover he is an American Patriot. Talking about "dog whistle politics".? The judge is ONE.
Build the wall around Hawaii and let all the refugees live there. Please resign waste of tax money you are
I support restoration of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
Bravo!  Why hasn't Congress taken action against him for LYING under OATH?
#FireSessions
 Please know not everyone in Alabama is as ignorant as Jeff sessions. We are appalled.
How dare you thumb your nose at Mainland! Haw nothing to add to US except fillup station. hoist the Imp flag already Leave US
I like where you're going with this.
I been in Hawaii since 1958, and it is still an island, when did it change?
This #IslandinthePacific would be Haiti right now if it weren't for its strategic location. No one would want it.
@SenateDems who cares Asia
You sir need to take a civics course and pay special attention to the judicial branch.
Too bad a little island called Alcatraz isn't available for when Sessions ends up serving time for his crimes.
Why not? They could put him on the tour!
Yeah that would be extreme solitary confinement. 
Well said, madame! If this US Goverment can't respect its owns, what can we expect as foreign countries? Sad
Yeah.
The man is the epitome of the dumbing down of America.
Get this straight - US top cop had to recuse himself from investigations because of his complicity w Russians. Top cop, my butt!
Aloha @JeffSessions ur true colors r showing  Shameful that ur head of justice #Despicable
Every time  Don the Con yells  SQUIRREL....his cronies run right to his side
You can't expect a man who believes the South won the Civil War and will rise again to know that Hawaii has been a state for 58 years.
That's why they never believed Obama was born in America.  They still think it's an #IslandinthePacific
AKA Kenya
Easily confused.
willfully ignorant.
Jeff Sessions would probably try to show his passport for a flight from the mainland to Hawaii...
Then he'd ask if there was cell phone coverage and if the roads were paved...
Don't forget about whether the water is safe to drink and what vaccinations are required to travel there...
Tail wagging the dog!  What does 58 years a state have to do with terror protection?
What does Trump's travel ban have to do with "terror protection"?
Then act like Americans, not liberal bias judges rewriting the law and refusing to uphold Justice in lieu of liberal agendas.
Albeit poorly phrased, intent and context was about a relatively isolated place which a single judge imposes on all America. @jeffsessions
Isolated? Check all US & International flights to/from Hawaii, any day, 24/7/365. Booked to max, hardly isolated. Are you in 21st century?
Illustrative not literal. How many refugees from the six countries are in Hawaii relative to other states?
Illustrative: Jeff Sessions, 1 Senator from 1 state, Alabama. Hawaii, 1 state out of 50. GDP$ in Hawaii 1000× more than Alabama. Whydat?
You can hate or you can try to understand. It's your choice. If you want to find fault you can.
Thanks for allowing me to have two narrow options. 
Sire, May I have more bread?
It must be sad for you to think I was giving you permission.
Sorry but you and your state will have some financial loss if you and your State don't follow immigration laws that are already on the books
Aloha!
Sessions. Though your skin condition is very sensitive to sunlight, come out of the Misty Mountains. Hawaii's been a state since the 3rd age
I'm waiting for him to dig the hole deeper w racial tones...ref the judge as a "tribal" or "native" or other skin tone hint...
#asshat
Maybe Hawaii needs to show its long form statehood to Jeff Sessions.
You and ALL your Barry backers need to disappear!!!!!!!
Priceless statement
But he was a racist 30 years ago, he is a changed man now. All the repubs said so.
Its not the "island" Its no matter where the judge is. How can a District judge in "fill in blank" block an Executive order?
Sadly, @jeffsessions too decrepit to hear a whistle. On behalf of normal folks from AL, I want you to know we  HI & her citizens.
50th unless you're looking at education, low poverty rates, etc..  Then you're talking, oh, I guess, states like Alabama.
RIGHT ON you Awesome SENATOR!
A tourist attraction which is a rich person's paradise should totally have more say then a state full of hard working middle class people!
Perhaps not, but the Supreme Court will uphold the Presidents powers re: immigration anyways, seeing as it's pretty clearly laid out. #MAGA
You need to leave the US and become a part of Canada.  We're pretty awesome.
...we HAVE TO KEEP FIGHTING Trump and his insanity!! Tell it like it is Senator Hirono!! :) :) We support you all the way!!
Sessions is confused it isn't on his confederate map ,now he isn't sure if Hawaii is Yankee territory or not and it's freaking him out 
Thank you, Senator! Keep letting these ppl have it.
You mean the same dog whistle politics that Dems have engaged in for the past 16 years and still engage in? Seems like you already have.
You tell him!
If Jiffy Lube were to visit Hawaii, his 1st words would be to scream "Does anyone here speakee English!"
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
some #IslandinthePacific history 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/442nd_Infantry_Regiment_(United_States) …
Judicial Veto imposes $$$ costs of litigation to taxpayers.  Attorneys like it,  For a Pet State to impose will on other 49 is a bit insane.
Thank you Senator Hirono! We LOVE Hawaii! Thank you for standing strong for all Americans!
What does that mean? You sound like a rebellious child. @maziehirono
Sessions. Another Trump appointed Fool.
Did you hear a dog whistle. If so are you confirming you're a dog?
You go girl! Let him know that Hawaii is one of those "57 states". #fakenews
Das how Auntie!! Geevem!!!
You mean your going to keep the policies that cost your miserable party the election? Have at it!! Hee hee!!
Where were you when Dear Leader Barrack told us Hawaii was part of Asia in 2011? #IslandInthePacific #SelectiveOutrage #Moonbat

He shouldn't be AG! He perjure himself get his a-s out of there!
Thank you
What right does your cockeyed judge have to tell Ohio what to do?
doesn't even know there are ISLANDS, not just one.   Poor Beauregard is an unconstitutional ass whose book learning was poor.  Sad!  Aloha!
With all due respect, there are many kanaka maoli who challenge your assertion: that Hawaii is a legitimate state. Truth isn't "dog whistle"
he was so insulting.
Jeff's flag only has 48 stars. He refers to Alaska as "NW Canadian Penguinville" Hawaii or as he says it Hawaya is part of Japan.
Good for you @maziehirono , Drag @jeffsessions !
Go Senator! 
This Man has been promoted to his level of incompetency "Peter principal "

thank you for standing up and being an independent thinker
Senator Hirono - you, the judge and your fellow dems have never read the US Constitution.  If you had, you'd know the judge is WRONG!!!!!!!
Sure. I guess you're correct as long as you just gloss over the First and Fourteenth Amendments...
I find that people who use talking points to discredit debaters  often don't understand things like civics may have to explain number 14

I've wondered where Trump came up with all these people in his administration,but they must be from the same golf clubhouse!
Hunters in front dog's in the back 
You the dog hirono
Cook rice not ice 
PILAU you fix homeless get rid of drainbows!
Nasty WOMAN #MAGA 
Start taking in muslim refugees immediately or shut your mouth.
Amen!!
Well said! You tell that ol redneck how it is!
I'm amazed he's so clueless that he'd refer to the Great United State of Hawaii as "an island on the Pacific."

He's so unqualified!!
Too many brown people for him to consider it a state.
