English is my first language and I learned German at uni. Happy to help anyone who wishes to learn to speak English. 
Wow! Mazie thanks for sharing i never knew that.
And you still can't speak English!!!
Well I came from Cuba and I knew English.
God Bless You Ma'am 
And the country is better for your coming. Thank you. And evidently good school!
Sen. Mazie, you are amazin!
Sending you my BEST WISHES
Illegals have not unified USA. They have their own micro cities, no melting pot. Follow laws and ASSIMILATE. Immigrate LEGALLY
That is beyond Trump's comprehension. In this mind, there is no world outside his tower. And Republicans let him rant anyway he pleases.
I didn't speak English when I came here 43 yrs ago to MA; I too learned via public ESL classes & I taught my parents.
Thank you!
No one spoke English when they came to America. I came on the day I was born and English took me years to master.
True Tom. And Native American's had their own languages. None of which was English. I love that we live in a multilanguial society 
Si, muy cierto!
Sì mio amico
Grazie!
Christine Jones for Arizona senate seat!
.@maziehirono Ironic that #DJT wants to exclude immigrants who aren't fluent in English, yet #Melania isn't fluent after 20+ years! 
Melania's given speeches in English. Try being disabled & the hospital aides don't speak English, you'll change tune when you're in for 8hr
Senator you are a profile in courage and a great role model. 

Who decides how much English you speak to speak English? Are we going to throw out the Cajuns? Thousands of Americans don't speak English.
I'm a C6 quad and It's infuriating when I end up in the hospital, and the aides are speaking everything but English! Can't even reply to me
DONALD TRUMP STILL CAN'T  SPEAK ENGLISH...HE'S JEALOUS OF IMMIGRANTS WHO CAN SPEAK BETTER THAN HE DOES!
@KamalaHarris What would happen to the level of education if every 2nd child didn't speak English? How could a teacher teach?
Hey just want to say hope your feeling ok. Thanks for all your hard work.
That's impressive, I've been speaking English all my life and still cant get it right
It should be a requirement to learn the English language and be able to to carry on a regular conversation, or you can't stay.  Period!
I enjoyed seeing you on Brian Williams show last evening. Glad to hear you're feeling well.
And we appreciate you !!!
Is Hawaii part of Kenya? I know Obama is from there.
Mahalo Senator! I too came as refugee & didn't speak English several years while in public school. I've taught immigrants ESL in the past!
I'm a native English speaker. I have a BA & I earn between $50,000-90,000 a year; but I don't pass Trump's test:
THANK YOU!  EJ. 
this sort of says it all -->
I didn't speak English when I immigrated to the United States. Now, I get paid to write in it. Just saying.
The true women in politics: I take my hat off and bow before you
Thank you Senator Hirono! For your strength, your courage & Compassion. You HONOR us all!
Trump should have gone to public school. He STILL doesn't speak English!
I doubt those pushing for that ridiculous policy even know that our country has no official language.
@marcylauren Senator Hirono, another hero in the fight to save ACA.
Senator, you are a national treasure. Thank you for everything you do for the American people, ALL of them.
Thank you for standing up to bullies and bigots by representing your constituents.

.Come legally? Or your parents slip you ashore? your parents skilled? Or did tax payers pay for your education? serious questions
Right on.
How's Willie Brown doing?
Must have been great in the day when there were teachers who knew lots of languages. My family knew little English & learned on their own.
Thank you Senator! Thank you for coming to America and making a difference!
Also, Trump didn't speak English when he came to the White House... And still doesn't
You rock, Senator. Thanks for your statesmanship!
Great to hear that Sen. Hirono! People should never forget their first language or their heritage. It is what makes us who we are!
Thank you for assimilating so well. Have faith that others can do it as well.
The fact is that the USA does NOT have a national language. That's what we are built on. We are an eclectic nation of all people/language.
My mother didn't speak English when she arrived in California. Thank you for speaking out. Best wishes for beating that cancer!
I love her too haha
Let's flip the Senate!
Oh please. Mongrol
That's awesome. Appreciate you fighting. I watched my parents learn English coming to the United States. They are resilient people
My son too, Thanks to his charter School in Harlem !
Same here! Learned English watching Sesame Street & Mr Rogers (yay PBS!) then public schools. You're not my senator but thanks all the same!
Thank you, Senator. Same for the majority of my family.
Who's preventing them from learning English?
I didn't either!
Glad you learned but some people refuse to assimilate.
Not all people were privileged to be born with a silver spoon in their mouth never experiencing tribulations of daily life.
Every family to come to US?  Or every family to be able to learn English?  If the former, what would that look like?
SENATOR EVERY CHILD DESERVES A CHANCE TO BE WHAT GOD'S GIFT TO THEM ALLOWS THEM TO BE!
Thank you, Senator.  @BetsyDeVos has worked to destroy public education in Michigan and must not be allowed to do so in whole country.
That's okay. Many US citizens born and raised here do not speak English. At least correctly- starting with POTUS.
You are awesome Senator.  Stay well; stay strong!  America needs you!  Aloha
And for that, I thank you Senator.
Somebody tell betsy devos that they do teach English in American public schools! She doesn't  know!
Feel better !!!
So what
Yo digo que el español es la lengua de America porque fue Cristóbal Colón que descubrío el continente
Can you send a couple of those teachers to the White House to tutor the Orange Menace?
That would be t the difference btw u & #GOP. They pull ladder up behind them.
Techn'ly everyone in this country is either an immigrant or descended from one.  Even Native Am's migrated over the landbridge from Siberia.
that good
And now you also speak pidgin English. Hana hou!
It's absurd to me that immigrants (in the UK too) have to find their own way of learning the native language. It's our duty to teach them.
Thank you for your gracious warrior spirit.  May you health grow healthier as strong as your heart.  Many blessings to you and your family♡
If going to live here MUST learn English (except if are eldery) accept/Respect our Laws and way of life
Positive vibes your way!!  Mahalo
Were you on welfare while you were doing it? People have a problem supporting immigrants with their tax money. Who cares what Lang if no wel
Redistributing other people's money won't achieve that, toots.
trump nor his wife can either
We have come to that rare time that diversity shall win... We will continue forward #StrongerTogether
You are a wonderful role model Senator. Praying for your health.
I'm teaching English to newcomers in our public schools! 
Go Senator! Go get them!
Yeah the difference you learned it to live here and be able to communicate not so with a lot of others they don't want to
Tell em sista!
@maziehirono, Thanks for championing immigrants.  You're a testament to the great value all offer. regardless of language & job skills
My mother-in-law born in NYC, spoke only Yiddish until she went to kindergarten. All her family, her neighborhood spoke Yiddish. #Meltingpot
Loved your speech Senator! Apparently the GOP has no compassion. I'm grateful there are still reps like you. Thank you!
@Lawrence @RepSwalwell @JoyAnnReid @maddow what will Trump do about all of the immigrants in the MLB etc who can't speak English?
Did they print out every news letter in your language?
I have so much respect for you! I wish you strength in your personal health fight, & I thank you for all your doing for our country. Patriot
If Pres Trump had his way, not only would you not be a US Senator, you wouldn't be a US citizen.

He brings this country shame every day.
Mahalo!
Ms Mazie, I'll share your burden from Arkansas. I bet you can find support sooo much closer
Mazie, lots and lots of prayers going out to you and your Dx of kidney cancer.
Delilah both your US senators kick ass!
Yes, they do!

neither did any of @realDonaldTrump many wives!  He is just a very stupid figurehead for @PutinRF_Eng
When I came to this country 33 years ago I didn't speak English at all, my daughter then 14 y.o. neither. We had to learn and we did.
Your strength and courage inspires.
Sad thing is, not EVERY family can be afforded that opportunity. So let's focus on MAGA for the rest of us.
Mahalo 
That man is a cancer
Thanks for making Trump's point.
Than you, Senator!
Thank you, that makes sense as to why Legal Immigrants can come here NOT speaking English, but kids learn quick in school & adults in TESLA
Innocent people don't avoid, complain or make false accusations when being investigated by a honest, duly authorized grand jury
Oh, smack. Thank you.
Thank you Sen @maziehirono for being an advocate to America, being true to your convictions & clearly defending what is right, good, just.
So many learn English and the cultural expectations in our public schools. Thank you for all my "Stephanie" Xiomgs!
Neither did my parents. I have 2 college degrees and am pursuing my master's. How many #trump supporters can say the same? #Immigrants #maga
Thank you for your NO on #Trumpcare 
#p2
I was born here but went to visit another country when i was 5 for whole summer forgor english
I'm an ESL teacher and need and love my job! Keep fighting for our future American citizens.such a privilege to work with immigrant families

There was a little girl in my kindergarten class who didn't speak English proficiently. We teamed her up with another girl who spoke Arabic.
They had a good time. Both girls felt supported. The first little girl asked to help other kids read near the end of the year. :)
@msnbc @CNNPolitics Trump's family AND wives shld relate! Came to this country for opportunity. @potus & Sessions placing barriers 4 others!
Thank you, Senator Hirono! Regards from NYC...
Thank you ! I am proud to be moving to the great state of Hawaii!!!
Smen
@salemstate
‘Reclaiming My Time’! ‘Reclaiming My Time’! ‘Reclaiming My Time’! https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
To speak English?
Thank you for your service. It is through the good work you and your esteemed colleagues do that we shall weather the storm. Mahalo.
And this is the real path to keeping America great. Thank you
I have taught so many students of various ethnicities English and have loved doing so for 18 yrs!it is a joy to wk in usa!
As a country built entirely on immigrants we need to offer the same opportunitiesafforded to our ancestors. It's why America is great
You truly give humans a good name Senator.
@letsgyocrazy your senator rocks dude!
Thank you!
My mother was born and raised in Louisiana and didn't speak English until she learned it in her local public school.
#Trump should remember #Melania new to USA
Ty & prayers for you Senator Hirono!!
Exactly right. If i remember ESL was provided in the schools. There shouldnt be a rule that getting in the US you must learn english! Unreal
I agree with U and Trumps family was also im's
Thank you for returning to the Senate to vote despite your ongoing battle against cancer. You didn't get much public praise, but I honor you
I assume you mean every family that respected the laws of the country and entered it legally.
Neither did my parents or my sister. But they learned and became fluent.
My Dad , 2nd generation Italian, owned a restaurant, and employed many people. His son became an attorney, daughter an educator.
My grandparents came over on the boat in 1909, with no English. My Dad was the oldest, spoke no English went he went to school.
Thank you for all you do! Trump and others want us to be afraid of the very people that make up , immigrants. We must resist!
Said a man who has a limited vocabulary of about 20 words in the English language. Maybe other countries should demand the same.
Thank you Sen. Hirono.  Many of us share the same story.
Maybe Trump should take a look at his own personal life, his family is also ingredients who came to this country for a better life.
Many people haven't and don't speak English! Shouldn't be a litmus test as to your worth and what you can contribute to this country!
As long as folks come to America and become legal citizens I'm all for it
Thank you @maziehirono !!!
Sik habla espanoal..
Thank you!!!
Thought of this when SM was speaking abt new migration policy; what happens to kids who speak limitd Englsh but parents are fluent E spkrs?
Y can't news rprters do better job & ask diffclt ?s (or not so difficult). Don't undrstnd how I can think of better ?s 2 ask & points 2 make
America s assimilation!
We need more tough, determined leaders like you Senator Hirono! 
Thank you.
Your compassion for people is so heartwarming. Thank you for fighting for people . Thank you prayers and blessings

You make us proud!
I am also an #immigrant who is a product of #publiceducation & #sesamestreet, I now have an #MBA work for the #Navy & retired from the #Army
Thank you for serving our country...
Keep up the fight!!@maziehirono 
Born in NY to immigrants. Learned English in Kindergarten
How ridiculous to demand people be fluent in English before they arrive!  Refugees aren't planning to come they flee for their lives!

That's America case closed
PS. Praying for good health for you.
I have often heard you speak. Your English is excellent. And your content is too. Thank you for your work.
The radical conservatives would rather bring back child labor or maybe they only want wealthy  Yankee protestant kids to be educated
My hero
Thank you Mazie! I voted for you! I'm an immigrant and wouldn't have been able to become a citizen under these unAmerican terms.
There are numerous places to learn English, free of charge!
I,too,learned English in school & now a government employee. Now I teach ESL & Citizenship to adults 50+ majority Hispanic!
If speaking English had been a requirement for immigration many of us would have been born elsewhere. Maybe that's the point?Not Anglo enuff
And it cost the tax paying ppl more. Special teachers and classes . What an Ass
That's the way assimilation works. 1st generation non English, 2nd generation English
Th
My ex came w/no English, no skills. Now retired LCol Army Ranger working for DoD. Has huge skills & his kids are nurse, teacher, students.
Most of us are in the US only because if our non-English speaking ancestors.
You point to the gem of America which is its public schools. The Protestant ethic demanded an educated population. Too bad too many forgot.
I admire you for all you are doing while facing such serious health issues. Thank you very much.
Thank you senator. My grandparents didn't speak English when they fled nazi Germany. They learned English and thrived here!!
Ditto. Well sorta- went to an inner city elementary school & the ESL teacher was a Mexican dude with an extravagant 'stache and no English.
