Maybe try NOT interrupting him today when you don't like his answer to abruptly tell him he isn't answering.
You and Obama! The worst Hawaii has to offer!
He must not care if Democrats vote for his confirmation, that or he expects the dark money behind his nomination to vote him in
Maybe you should listen to his answers then
You STILL don't understand the code of ethics!He CANNOT discuss things that may come up before him-look at history not ur party
"I yield the rest of my time." I wish those were the first words you'd spoken.
open your ears and you might hear him.  You partisan hack
As a fanatical, radical leftist you view the courts as a vessel for your cult and not as an independent body. Please proceed.
Ask a relevant non-political question and he might just do that!
"Proudly serving the people of Hawaii" What a lie! Serving your sick party's self-destructive agenda!
so I suggest do your job and change the law that you're opposed to. Judges don't make the law! #confirmgorsuch
Hawaii can do better.  How you got elected with no basic understanding of how our judicial system works is unbelievable.
you would be tricky/tacky but he can only answer as he always has.
maybe you are just not a very effective listener.
You didn't listen to what he has explained OVER & OVER & OVER you have a closed mind!!! He can't comment on potential cases!!!!
Me too.
His objectivity is grounded in 2700 rulings he has made. What's your claim to fame for objectivity and ethics? Very little.
We all understand why he doesn't answer the questions , & maybe if you were the least bit cordial , yikes, so mean!
If I didn't know many good Hawaiian people, my thoughts towards you and your venomous assault on Gorsuch could be racist.
What so you can demand that he recuse himself from future decisions?Deceitful smear merchant fits you to a tee.
Wow
Look at some of Justice Ginsberg's non answers during her confirmation hearings
He's treating these hearings as if he's playing poker. 'Won't show his cards'. Wants the job then we find out how he thinks.NO!
Blah blah blah more #Democrat grandstanding #BoycottHawaii
He did a great job answering. I am really starting to lose faith in our Congress. There is the problem.
then you must have fallen asleep for 2.5 days
ask better questions. Instead of the same one, in varying forms, which you know he will not.
Loved your OSHA question 
@maziehirono does not know the difference between a hole or an opening in a floor. #Gorsuch knew.
That's rich!  A politician complaining about the lack of a straightforward answer. How ironic.  #confirmgorsuch
I LOVE that people like you continue to bash this man, making yourself look worse than you already do! #considerthesource
Just because you can't understand an intelligent answer, don't take it out on Judge Gorsuch. You people are despicable.
It's called a code of conduct!What don't you understand?? You sound like a fool...he isn't even upset-just tolerates stupidity!
@Smith83K not gonna happen my lady maize cause he feels he's got this,so #heshowsnocards but he doesn't have a poker face haha
You are a very rude & the uglyness in your tone is disgusting. Your behaviour today is appalling. #GorsuchHearing
This hearing should not be taking place until the #TrumpRussia investigation is complete by an independent investigator!
Gorsuch is an evasive liar he's not revealing who he really is a bias conservative racist Hack Aryan Nation disguised
why don't u try to ask a sound question. So far - nothing u say makes sense other than a vitriol of hate it seems. Am I wrong?
you yield 15 seconds?
why not ask questions instead of providing monologues?
you are very Rude!!!
what makes you qualified to be on this committee? You just sound bitter and completely biased because your Candidate lost.
vote this hirona out on 2018 #votemazieout2018
#getridofhirono2018
#Hawaii
You're making a fool of yourself.
act like you have some sense instead of your hypocritical bias rhetoric #scotusgorsuch upheld more than U have been bipartisan.
You're just not terribly bright, are you? Smug & sarcastic. Insulting, too. But bright? Fair? Reasoned? Nope. None of those.
You know he won't do that. Nor should he. HE IS NOT POLITCALLY MOTIVATED LIKE YOU ARE.
aaand now you are putting words in people's mouths. Congrats, you are part of the problem, further division.
I'm waiting for you to explain to me why you have anything to do with the judiciary committee.
.@maziehirono Judge Gorsuch has made it clear he will not "legislate from the bench". You don't seem to like that answer. #GorsuchHearing
all that matters is the law. But liberals like yourself can't get past that and it's pathetic and dangerous
such a sad Senator - disappointing.
I hope you know you look like a hack.  U R rumbling on and trying got ya questions and he is out smarting U @ every turn
enough already
you're wasting the time of a lot of people with these ridiculous questions. You are an embarrassment.
all we hear is another #Liberal whining He's told u a million times "Don't like the rulings change the Laws" !! Dense #Libtard
justice is supposed to be about the law not favoring one group or another..sad approach you and other dems are taking
Perhaps you should discuss a judge's actual role: adjudicating. You're the politician, not him. You are too partisan.
Perhaps because you are overly partisan you cannot fathom someone who refuses to be. We need more judges like #GorsuchHearing
maybe you should be smart enough to ask questions that the judge could answer. He's can't give you the answer U want to hear
How did you get elected?? Open your ears and listen and try to understand the answer.
Again today; you appear smug, condescending and unwilling to listen.
im still waiting4 her2 meet standard of having iq 2b a sitting us senator...another #libtards zomibie looking4 reason2 say no
.@maziehirono this has been the pattern of Trump's cabinet picks. When they get in, they do exactly what everyone fears.
Perhaps your party brethren should ask a real question instead of loaded ones looking for 'gotcha' moments?
Perhaps a refresher in English 101 would be of some benefit. He couldn't be more clear.
then you're dumber than you sound.  Shocking that you have a law degree; you're an embarrassment to the bar
Waiting for Senators to be objective and serious rather than political like you. Sickening display of democracy. SHAME!
Where have you been.  He is!  It's just not how you want him to answer.  He is how I would want & expect any judge to be.
He has answered questions straightforward sorry it isn't the answer you want. He keeps stating he uses the law not feelings!!!!
get over yourself - #GorsuchHearing has been brilliant and professional!
Maybe because you want a judge that promises to only rule in your favor, so you can be lazy and not actually pass law yourself.
his responses are much like djt. They have perfected the 'non-answer' response. #GorsuchHearing
The job of a SCOTUS justice is NOT to protect the "little guy" it's to apply the law, stop w/ these questions. #GorsuchHearing
he's one slippery fish
