WTF?
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I see the @GovGaryJohnson head in the background lol
good eye!
where in the constitution is knowing what Alleppo is a rule to be president?
If they #FireSeanSpicer I wonder what respectable, sane, reputable individual would ever agree to be the face of the #Trump admin.
there's no doubt in my mind they'll find an equally qualified replacement if it came to that :)
your throwing your name in the hat, donte? i'd go to more briefings in that case.
yes, if you agree to be my deputy 
Later today...
Spicer: What I was TRYING to say was Hitler first put them in a building and then used chemicals. Assad just killed in open.
@TheI00Kru stop shaking your head!
Umm what?
Just saying what Spicer would tell you lol
Maybe sean spicer needs a nap and some beautiful chocolate cake.
White House: 10 maybe... MSNBC: 153
And Obama never said "if u like ur doctor and insurance policy u can keep it." Treat one like u treat others. In other words, BE FAIR
It's amazing how "Breaking news" and "Hitler gassed millions" can be used in the same line in 2017.
OH SPICEY ITS TIME TO GIVE UP THE GHOST
Like somehow chemical weapons are lower than gas chambers burning people alive or starving people to death. Good call.
The white house is not unlike the scarecrow #IfIOnlyHadBrain go see the wizard he has the black robe and gavel
I get tired of only hearing & seeing the #brutality of #Hitler #media only focuses on one #story 10 million #killed

https://youtu.be/IleAmobBHqo 
@brimarie423 are we surprised anymore? Smh
Also WTF did @seanspicer forget about the Holocaust and what Nazi Germany did in these camps?
I was shocked, but with nazi activists Bannon and Gorka in the white house, this is just the beginning
I somehow get the feeling @SeanSpicer is slightly out of his depth and truly hasn't got a clue about basic history...
Change slightly to totally and I'm in agreement
As unqualified as Spicer is for that job, the holocaust denial is no accident, WH is actively working on reframing history
They've got their work cut out for them, but I don't doubt, given recent events re:Germany, that what you say is the case.
use of the gassing of my extended family in "concentration camps" vs "weapons" to further your political objective is repulsive
Bravo!!
I hate to be pedantic, but how many people would classify the guillotine or electric chair as weapons? Hitler used chemicals for execution.
@mauRICEfrediere I won't defend this but like, you know exactly what he means too

Someone please spare me this ass! #FireSeanSpicer @PressSec
Hitler did not use chemical weapons on the battlefield, is what Spicer meant. Chemical BOMBS.
And you still believe Hitler killed more people than any other nations' leaders that were part of the Axis?
He failed history didn't he
Another day with the demon regime 
We will do anything to demonize our enemies so the public will support us killing them...
Sad that people are SO ignorant that they needed to include in parenthesis (Hitler Gassed Millions).
Like, #WTF?!
#DumpTrump #GOP #RIPUSA
Well the youger generation trends to know fewer and fewer things about History unfortunately even the US's own history.
Just wow ! 
CUZ  HE RUN OUT OF GAS AFTER MURDERING 6.500,000.  JEWS
Weird that they didn't do this to Chris Matthews when he said it on their own network, eh?
Is that what it's called? Adding Chryon to vocab.
also known as "Lower Thirds!" although in modern TV that is a misnomer at best:)
Yeah, I can see that as misleading.. since they always have that ticker at the very bottom. I like "Chryon".. sounds mythical and epic.
@juliettekayyem @PressSec .   So, it's okay if he gasses Jews but it bad if he uses them on his own people? Give me a break!
This is demagoguery run a-muck.
@ACreativeMuggle White House full of morons. It's such a disgrace, to our people, our allies, & to history.
You just know @seanspicer's gonna say, 'Well no ones ever dropped an A-Bomb in anger!" apart from the US, twice...
@VetaTesting You don't think they mistook his words a little bit?
Bwaa - thanks @jasonbaum
If we can't laugh during this shitstorm, the terrorists win. Keep the faith. #TheResistance
So we are defending Hitler now? We're doing that? *logs back off forever*
#Jennifer4WHSpox
It's sad in a way that they had to put that parenthetical fact on the chyron at all.
#FireSeanSpicer
The entire Trump administration is comprised of unqualified imbeciles...
The fuq? He fucking ridic! Please let my Jewish brothers and sisters drag that fool like a hose through a garden!
But Hitler didn't umm.. Hrrm.. I can't even

Overall I don't like Sean Spicer. But there's something about the tenacity w/which he TRIES his hardest to make the ridiculous sound normal.
Bravo to MSNBC for recalling what Hitler actually was. 

#npr #cnn #wsj #HuffPostPol #nyt #WaPo #AP_Politics #foxnews #BBCnews #msnbc
These are the people in charge!
Legit busted out laughing at this! These clowns are seriously out of control
Spicey just keeps digging that hole deeper, silly man.
Poor Sean, time he stopped getting his material from Trump.
Spicer cannot put together a coherent sentence, he meant Hitler never used chemical weapons on the battlefield because he was gased in WW1,
This on Passover...! U can't make this stuff up.
I'm seeing the old carnival booth where "The Fool" is sitting above a tank of ice water waiting for a clean shot. Here is a self-dunker!
What the actual F***!????!!!
Now that is a proper own goal,
Chyron = electronically generated caption..  “@jbendery: MSNBC with the winning chyron. ”
So was Spicer maybe home schooled sans world history
grossly ignorant, Spicer ignores the fact that millions of German citizens were gassed by the Nazis.
Someone actually watches MSNBC? Lol

I don't think that Spicer is an anti Semitist he just does not know what the fuck he is doing and why he is there.He should give it up.
WUUUUUT?
Thank you @MSNBC.
Hitler only gassed 6 million people! Did horrific medical experiments on people+was responsible for the devastation of Europe!
@seanspicer  Dude you should know what your führer's hero did
Some should enlighten him & educate him on Zyklon B. I thought you needed an college degree to work in government; evidently not! 
It's officially reduced to comedy. Now let's correct the issue.
That is an example of good reporting. The new norm (putting reality in parentheses)
Winner winner chicken dinner  #FakeNews
Jesus H Christ on a popsicle stick.   He is dumber than a box of rocks!
MSM now explaining actual Hitler. Annnnd *poof* Trump no longer generic Hitler. Assad & Iran & Putin are now Hitler. #3Dchess #masteratwork
@Takahata101 are you serious did this really fucking happen?
Tomorrow's headline: "I misspoke."
Lol Solid burn @MSNBC facts hurt eh, @PressSec ? Maybe crack a history book every once and awhile...
An embarrassment to our nation just like his boss
cc @FutureCNN
That Is A Horrendous Comment!
msnbc for the win!
None of that lower third banner should B funny, yet in this Bizarro #Trump dimension we've somehow drifted into, it's impossible tonot laugh
Sean Spicer needs to resign NOW. His lack of knowledge regarding world history is embarrassing. Hit the road and take the head honcho with u
Lmao
SMH!
@ShaunKing way to clarify for Shaun and others at their rudimentary educational level!
@kelly_j_baker I think it's time for a government employee to take a test
I'm willing to admit, "chyron" is a word I needed to look up, and will now use to make people think I'm smart. It's why I hang out here.
Shit's like real life #Veep
Ladies+Gents..your US Press Secretary! He'll be here all week! Please, no applause, just throw history books at him (oh, wait-can he read?!)
Yeah and the Bowling Green Masacre was a real event.
Facepalm.jpeg, uggghhh.
Wait, he actually said that? Does Trump even watch these debriefings?
Sooooo Zyklon B was an herbal preparation then?
Lol
דובר הבית הלבן ספייסר: היטלר לא השתמש בגז כמו אסד. בא לך לשלוח אותו בבעיטה ללמוד היסטוריה.
Guess who failed in history...
An atrocity reduced to parentheses
Am I reading this right.....
Lol... "In other news, Spicer is an asshat; more at 11"
@Takahata101 He means on tge battlefield as He detested chlorine gas. But yes this is incredibly stupid.
The winner for best lower third goes to....
Wait... Please tell me this is just a joke. I've been thinking this is a joke and he couldn't have really said it but I keep seeing it.
An intern earns their pay with that,!
See you Trumpsters, these are the sort of idiots you voted into the White House and who are destroying our country
Spicer's backpedalling failed miserably too! "He didn't use it on his own people". 

Hitler didn't gas any German Jews Catholics gays etc?
The fact it had to be parenthetically noted gives me a serious case of the heebie jeebies
I think there should be a special color coded caption system just for all the fact checks appended to this administration's comments.
I like it!!! For once Twiddle Dumber can say he actually created jobs... fact checkers! Hundreds and hundreds of fact checkers!
@MSNBC thanks for including those #alternativefacts
oh great, the left has a new hero...    now defending Assad after Spicer points out how awful he is. Smh
OMG.
@JoshButler oh em gee...
No no you don't understand the third reich was just relocating all those Jews nobody got hurt their bff the empire of Japan did the same—
—with the Chinese, just relocations, no brutal genocides here
Hitler never gassed his own people.  That much is true.  Americans need to get over acting like they caused the Holocaust.
@aliciaclaremc dear god
It's just... he was so so so wrong
Ouch.
Such a d____b s_____t!
Bigly!
There are much more important issues 
This man is gonna have PTSD once he leaves this job
He's just down right inept
Every dog finds a bone once and awhile.
agree - make this the new standard - fact check news / statements - and show it!
Ahh the ineptitude. Saturday Night Live can't even make up stuff like that.Truth IS stranger than fiction
Well you did get a nice "shower" Just beforehand.
Holy  is this what our nation has come to? Corrupt and uneducated CLOWNS  in the Whitehouse saying that HITLER TOOK THE HIGH ROAD!
Somebody's going to "chryon" their Arby's over that one
what can we expect when a moron appoints other morons
An extensive knowledge of history on display here.
(Hitler gassed millions), as if they had to tell people a fact, since the Republicans are gonna say it's a lie. Oh, they did?  Oh...
wait did republicans really think thats a lie? jesus fuck america
Trump supporters are actually agreeing with the "fact" that Hitler didn't gas Jewish people because Trump's crony said so so it must be true
The more serious question would be is he a holocaust denier?
@seanspicer please tell me you really are not this stupid....  #alternativefacts again?????
spicer is a moron NEVER AGAIN--HAS HE EVER READ A BOOK
Gas is a chemical weapon
Help us - smh
.Reason to lose your job in any sane world.
Freudian slip by Spicer, or future stated Trump Administration policy?
Will somebody please fire Shouty Spice already? He's (another) national embarrassment. 
OMG. The WH is so desperate not to be called to account they are invoking Godwin's Law; Mention Hitler and any debate is over.
Crazy comment-not in command of what he's  saying
@xeni Is the phrase in brackets really necessary ?
I need a drink from all this bullshit, #spicy fire yourself asap!
In case you were wondering....

How much does the Oompa Loompa know about History again?
Wow!...and that's supposed to make Hitler look like less of a monster?! This is the most clueless administration in US history! 
"Right Sean, easy one here mate - criticise them for using chemical weapons"
..."OH COME ON!!!"
More "Liberal Media Bias" from MSNBC, no doubt. 
Too bad Trump University didn't offer Press Secretary 101.

Uday and Qusay Trump announce launch of Trump P.R. University! For a small fortune learn P.R. from #Spicer #United & #Pepsi
#TheResistance 
Nobody wins today. But yes, @MSNBC deserves props for live fact-checking.
MSMBC and CNN are destroying America. Cruise control snowflakes beware
@jennybent @HMajd Do these people in the White house know anything about history?!!!!!
you have got to be kidding me.
The difference is Assad gassed people where they lived. Hiltler "invited" Jews to his brand of accommodations & gassed them there. Millions.

@SeanSpicer ...as POTUS Trump should say because its in him to pull this out of his ass. @SeanSpicer You're fired!
Yeah, Hitler didn't sink to Assad's level - he completely surpassed him in cruelty, inhumanity and the number of innocent people murdered.
Nazis in the White House make "mistakes" like this on Passover. Huh.
@realDonaldTrump @PressSec @potus read a book you can still learn things! It's not to late!
They can read???
@sacca I'm quite dumbfounded why no "journalist" fact-checks him there, on the spot, in his face?
We live in a fucking parody universe.
Wait, since when did Ken Livingstone join the White House staff?
Who knew that being the WH press secretary was so complicated? (WH stands for "What Holocaust?") Also, my #wotd is now chyron!  #resist
Omg 
I'm appalled at the level of ignorance of this WH. What a disaster
What the hell is the matter with these ppl?!!!
What the... Seriously...This person is going to be the cause of WW3...
Oh, Spicer....
Ugh. He needs to GO RT @jbendery: MSNBC with the winning chyron.
