Yea, what's your point. Doesn't mean the judge is right. The President has the right just like Obama did.
That is not a president. It has no brains. #Peace
Let me think. He was elected by the people and is in the White House. Yep, he is the President.
"elected"
Yep. If you don't think he was. Go look at the constitution. I know, liberals don't like it.
Look at what in the Constitution?

You didn't watch the video did you.

You don't even know what you're arguing against.
My son worked for GA SofS. They know who voted R or D. It's NOT hard to get that info & would be easy to prove Curtis's claim. I call BS.
Serious allegations require serious investigation. I'd rather be skeptical than just assume.
Your liberal judge that tries to legislate from the bench is dangerous and a threat to We The People
That's his job. He's not "learning the job" like that fool in the W.H. Shame. #Peace
Obviously U have no clue how the judicial system works in this country Judges uphold the law they don't make the law! That's Congress job
but he's not legislating, he upheld "The constitutional rights of Muslim citizens". He was not creating laws, he was upholding it.
Correct!!!! I can't stand ignorant people like Trump and @Windsupressr. #Peace
Oh you must be one of those tolerant liberals
I'm a thinking person. My mind has not been obliterated by drugs & alcohol. As far as being liberal, I don't subscribe to that label. #Peace
Geev'um, Mazie! His ignorance is breathtaking. Who appointed this guy? 
His racism is also showing. #Peace
Hawaiian is a race?
Yes, we have native Hawaiians in Hawaii.
Hawaiian's are an ethnicity
The census calls Hawaiian a race, but I'm not an expert:  https://www.infoplease.com/us/comprehensive-census-data-state/demographic-statistics-78 …
The correct term is pacific islander.  That is a race while hawaiian,  polynesian, Samoan are ethnicities
Don't forget sessions committed perjury to get to AG
Interesting, to say the least!
@JeffSession voted fir the guy on they island in the Pacific.  
Who knew the guy was anti-American & homosexual. But then that was ALL Obama appointed to the federal bench - anti-Americans & homosexuals.
What's your point ? the man can't have an  opinion - You are just proving that he supports democracy and checks and balances #learnhistory
Shush!!!!! #Peace
will not be a island when i'm done with it
Sad but true. #PrayForPeace
never
But you didn't offer Justice Gorsuch the same courtesy
will not be a island when i'm done with it
Kim Jung Un, should you stupidly attack America then Pyongyang would be incinerated & no matter how deep your bunker YOU would also be gone!
Wolf, what is your question Wolf?
Proverbs 26:4 4
Do not answer a fool according to his folly, or you yourself will be just like him.
Doesn't change the fact that the judge made a politically based decision. U know it, I know it!
Seems senate doesn't care about confirming Judges. See how Justice Gorsuch was treated
An entire year of refusal to hold a vote.

See how judge Garland was treated?

#hypocrite
Wait didn't they just do verbatim what Joe Biden said back in 1992? So for once the Reps do what the Dems say and still objectIon. Wow.
So by that logic then you voted to confirm Gorsuch right? He was unanimously confirmed as a federal judge.
And so he can't call out the judge when he makes an asinine ruling. Ya, no.
And there you have it. Final word? hmm don't think so... not from humpty dumpy, now if he could just learn to read
Hey, just sayin
It's just plain wrong and shameful to see #dems stay silent when an  #American citizen was released and not welcome her home. #avahijazi
He probably has trouble remembering yesterday much less how he voted.
Do politicians get any dumber than the Democrats who hold top offices in Hawaii?
-His comment is derived from & empowered by our so-called press Drump when he said "the so-called judge"
Senator, our apologies.  We seem to have an AG who is short on history and long on racism.  Embarrassing!
So he gets to criticize for that very reason. As if one has to do with the other. If you're a representation of Hawaii, I pity it...
Just like how Neil Gorsuch was unanimously elect (including democrats)?
Sessions is just mad he didn't get to use dogs and fire hoses on "THOSE ISLANDS IN THE PACIFIC".
Oh no, that would take work, and that is a 4-letter word to snowflakes! 
Looks like AG Sessions wants to re-litigate Hawwian statehood.
So he voted to confirm the judge, doesn't mean he will always agree with everything the judge does..
Hack Dem judges will never show their true colors during confirmation. So, how does confirmation mean they can't be called out?
Since Hawaii puppet politicians value loser Obama more than its own people you can take ALL the illegals & immigrants! @WhiteHouse @GOP @DNC
Sessions vote for HI judge to be seated doesn't mean he will agree w/ea of HI judge's decisions.1 on POTUS immigration policy was wrong.
Decision was before Watson violated his oath of office to uphold US laws, an impeachable offense. 8 U.S. Code § 1185 IS CRYSTAL CLEAR!!!
This is why conservatives are outraged when Republicans offer no resistance to liberal nominees while DNC resistance never ends
This sociopath we have in the WH is making the ignorant, classless, racist & privileged feel so comfortable coming out & showing themselves.
So he can't disagree w/ him because he voted for him? Dumbest logic ever.
You were saying bad things about Jeff Sessions, so does this mean he made a mistake on Judge Derrick Watson?
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
Yea well I am pretty sure this was before anyone knew that some people were going to completely lose their mind over politics!
I HAVE A IDEA WE SEND ALL REFUGEES AND ILLEGALS 2 HAWAII! SINCE YOU WANTED UR HOMELESS POPULATION SENT 2 THE MAINLAND SO CARING
IT IS A ISLAND IN THE PACIFIC SO WHAT'S THE ARGUMENT
raising the moron bar we see, so because he "yea" means he can never disagree. Liberal terrorist zombies "confirmed" brainless!
Well the AG just proved he's human. Everyone F's up now & again, & we agree, it was huge! Ur in trouble cause another SCOTUS is coming! LMAO
How about Gorsuch in earlier vote in Senate?
So what!? Does that mean he has to automatically agree with every decision the Judge makes? That’s ridiculous
No. Just respect the judges ruling.
Yeah!! And Hawaii wouldn't be a state if the U.S. had not overthrown a sovereign nation by military force; shameful
@potus  Executive branch cannot dictate law, legislate law, over-reach authority.  Courts, & congress checks to exec. branch!
sessions is 100 percent correct.  Some unaffected judge blocking security for the mainland ...bullshit
Session @TheJusticeDept was jealous that he sent a judge to beautiful tropical paradise and all he got was Donald tho 45 is funny looking
Could Jeff Session have been drunk that day. Maybe Russia voted for Session in proxy. Session might of misheard the state and voted Mexico
Senator Hirono, maybe I am missing something. Why would a U.S. Senator vote for judge to a place that is not part of the USA @TheJusticeDept
You abuse your power, you get the boot... simple as that. Don't less the door hit you on the way out! Cya!
does not mean the judge was right in his/her decision. Const and statute give president plenary power, judge overstepped
The courts along with congress is all that keeps a president from becoming a king. Checks and balances. It's in the Constitution...
Barack Benito Hussain Obama was the closest thing we gad to a dictator, what is known as soft tyranny
You reminded me of Star Wars right then. Ya know, in that you need to be reminded to stay on target. Don't deflect now...
Like the votes for Gorsuch for the appeals court
Am I crazy or is the state of Hawaii an archipelago?
It's about time someone punched @AGSessions off his high horse  Wonder if Sessions remembers Judges are Higher Ranking than AG?
Ya, I'm sure he's shaking in his boots. Bwaaahaahaahaaa. Wonder if judge knows Supreme Court outranks him?
Please find some dirt on this dirtbag AG. Aloha from Illinois, Senator.
Guess those Sen. Made a mistake.  Judge didn't use law instead used Idealogy to rule.
So.
that was before the Judge Watson showed his ignorance.....
obviously a BIG mistake - the judge got too big for his britches.
Yes, she's a butt crack
i rhink you should take in all the refugees and teach Sessions a lesson...
When u trick others by just saying something over and over and begin to see how you were suckered in yourself!!!
You people need to grow up and quit being so politically correct it's clouding your judgment!!! no pun intended!





It's because @AGJeffBSessions is a liar. He doesn't have a moral compass & is tied to #Trumprussia.
Hahaha!!!
That was before he received his Trump lobotomy.
