Here's my statement and the full email chain 
NOTHING BURGER. Why dont u ask Obozo why he let this Russian woman into US despite VISA denied? Or he had plan to use her as a bait?
It was already disclosed that her client was testifying in a U. S. Case and she was given an exception to, as his lawyer, stay and assist.
Yeah sure. But why didnt stay on her case & assist her client? Why strayed out & meddled in Trump campaign if not sent by ppl against Trump?
The government doesn't have unlimited resources to follow everyone around who has a visa.
Also, if you actually READ the emails you would see they worked around her court schedule.
Thank You @maziehirono, you were the ONLY one to ask #ChrisWray about his #Russia #Rosneft/#Gazprom ties.
, 
Wray's law firm #KingAndSpalding is ETHICS ADVISOR on #TrumpTrust.
It's utterly ridiculous that Wray should head up FBI
I'm still baffled how/why #ChrisWray was allowed to become head of FBI, considering he Worked 4 Trump before. O_o
, 
Wray's law firm #KingAndSpalding is ETHICS ADVISOR on #TrumpTrust.
It's utterly ridiculous that Wray should head up FBI
@maziehirono King and Spalding has 800 attorneys, 20 offices. Wray worked out of Atl & DC ofcs. Another attorney rep'd TrumpTrust
How do taxpayers put up with your nonsense.  Russia is a cover story 4 crimes by the DNC.  Insider, Seth Rich sent 44,053 emails 2 Wikileaks
If this is collusion what is @HillaryClinton China meeting?
Well, now you're getting into the law. And "collusion," per se, is not.
HOWEVER, there are things that stem from the collusion that are.
Campaign finance law prohibits foreign nationals from providing anything of value in connection with an election.
Hacking the Podesta emails and posting them on Wikileaks clearly had value. Its connection to the election pretty obvious, right?
There's other laws, too, though. Like the Logan Act, forbidding dealings by private individuals with hostile foreign governments.
"I didn't ROB the bank! I just went in with a gun and demanded money! I didn't GET anything!"
That's an interesting defense you have there.
With all the corruption,servers,acid wash, ,smashing phones, 5th 
pleas,refusal to cooperate etc..on Clinton after 13 months this is it?
Ha Ha. Great tweet. The entire family is corrupt.
Don Jr's mistake was releasing his email! I notice you've never criticized Hillary for destroying emails when they were under subpoena
They say confession is good for the soul.
Let's start with Hillary and her emails

He did shred, use bleachbit or LIE abt it. Why did Barry ignore Russia hacking?
Did NOT destroy evidence
How do you know?
I I bet if Trump were to start a war with Russia tomorrow, Democrats would have a fit!  Most Americans are tired of war.  We don't want war.
DNC insider Seth Rich sent emails to Wikileaks.  Seth was murdered B4 he could testify.  DNC concocted Russia cover story.  Whistle blower
This lawyer is not a gov't official, Einstein! Nowhere near collusion about the elections!
You are unfit to hold office.
Is trump fit to hold office?
No question about it! Yes he's a bit unorthodox, but he'll make America GREAT again and I'm proud to have him. Give him a chance!  #MAGA
1/He speaks against our country, insults our allies, shares classified info, lies, shoves other summit leaders out of the way just so he
2/can be in front; he, DTJ, Jared et al colluded w/Russia (true fact, not fake news) re hacking our election; agrees to "share" intel with
3/Russia; thought it was "an honor" to meet Putin; tweets outrageous lies and accusations; .
cruel, sexist, racist, lives by his code of
Even Feinstein said they found no evidence of collusion.
What evidence?  She was not a member of or speaking for the Russian Gov or Kremlin
Grow up.  Stop the chatter and do something positive for ALL citizens.
You are just as crazy and ignorant as Maxine Waters!
Collusion is a constipated issue for liberals when there was real collusion with Hillary n Obama silence
Watching you right now,  and you are desperate.  Partisan to the end.
Haven't you heard ... don't believe anything you hear & only half of what you see. Comey LIED through his teeth because Comey is selfserving
Comey thought/thinks more of Comey than anything else. Read a good book on body language. Comey is a dog & he manipulated most of you.
branch of government. He may as well have spit on the Constitution. ALSO, you act like Comey is some kind of saint. He NEEDED to be FIRED.
with your unreasonable hatred and bias. Yet, you let Obama walk all over the Constitution & never said a word. Obama politicized every......
You LEFTISTS hate DJT so much you cannot unscrew your heads long enough to get oxygen to your brains. You are being unfair to ALL CITIZENS..
Unless you can see something in between the lines DJT, Jr did NOT COLLUDE. He is guilty of not knowing the nuances but NOT collusion.
You Realize Hillary Clinton had more Evidence found of Wrong Doing & was not  charged for anything
DTJ didn't stop and think about the repercussions before he spoke out.
I have to say I am not surprised that the only subject u beat to death is Russia. Dems a joke. No message vision or policy. Just hate Pres
So your not checking out Wray your trying to GET Information from Wray on Discussions with  Republicans NOT any about Wray Really
Get over yourself liberal . Do your job for your state. Your bios is shown and u r not credible , just a typical liberal aclown
Democrats are traitors.
Is it Really your Business to ask iwhat Wray discussed with other Senators & the POTUS
Clinton/ Ukraine. Obama/ Israel.
Comey was fired because he was political & did a poor job, as became self-evident after he was dismissed.
Ms Hirono you do realize that Russians & others have interfered with our Elections for Several years Democrats had no interest Hillary Lost
Not your fault lace! You are a representative to Senate not a prosecutor or judge!
No evidence and making yourself lookmlike a fool on tv questioning wray
I am afraid of Wray. I do not trust him.
Christopher Wray avoids saying Russia is our enemy. He is not up to date on public current events. He is sweating like a hog. #trust 
#noonecares.  You are probably afraid of your own shadow.
U r soo funny !  
Keep pushing the Russian nerative
The Thrumps aim to please and help with the investigation. We must thank them for their time and honesty. NOT!
Now they R spinning it, that it doesn't show C, this ppl R fantastic at #LYING #TreasonousTrumps
@misshaught @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Thisreminds meof Gart Hart who deniedaffairs told press 2 find evidence. They Did!
@misshaught @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr LOL! Well at least he's an obedient son & doing as he's told. When dad spk, jump!
YOUR REPARTEE IS JUST ABOUT AS GOOD AS IT GETS, SEN HIRORNO ! CONGRATULATIONS. DON'T LET THE CAT ESCAPE NOW !!
If collusion is bad, that means you will investigate and prosecute Hillary and the DNC, right?
Friendly reminder that DNC operatives actively worked with Ukrainian gov officials to dig up oppo research http://dailycaller.com/2017/07/10/everybody-is-forgetting-that-clinton-allies-did-the-same-thing-as-don-jr/ …
Does he fail to notice his own disclosure identifies her as a Russian Government Attorney #AlternativeFacts
Read it and learn somehting from someone who does know -
Outstandingly put. But you know they will lie and deflect incessantly
Ironic lol
I'm still waiting for the EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION!! There is none, just keep sucking at your job!
Was he supposed to say no, please, don't tell me anything TRUTHFUL about our opponent that might hurt her campaign!? You people hate truth!
Senator, best tweet of the day! Lol!
Exactly! Lol
HRC lost $9Billion
Took $ fr Saudis
Deleted 20K E mails 
Private server 
Chris Steven's 
Cheated @BernieSanders
#Haiti

But @DonaldJTrumpJr
Seriously what was @DonaldJTrumpJr thinking by releasing them? I’m guilty? Odd for sure. Idiot.
@michellebvd Junior is taking the fall for dear 'ol dad! All part of their plan.

Go get em Mazie!
wow.  well put.
How do you spell f u c k e d? As in u r?!
How many sides of your mouth do you have? Why were you silent with @HillaryClinton ?Is ok cause she was Dem? Shame on you
but but but Bill Clinton...but but but Hillary Clinton...but but but Barack Obama. You see how silly you sound?
If I have to sound silly to bring justice for all the people they've harmed & raped & murdered-I can live with that.Don't you see hypocrisy?
Collusion is not illegal. However, I would think that this would YANK THE KUSHNERS' SECURITY CLEARANCES.

Same.
Because it's a WH criminal family enterprise
Bringing major Hawaiian Shade!!! Boom. 


Trying to get dirt on someone then walking out after 20-30 minutes isn't collusion sweetheart but nice try. Keep failing at your job though
You haven't tweeted a single positive thing about your state or policy your going for in over a month all negative or health updates
Wonder if teflon Jr. admits to collusion, looks like saint; like teflon Sr. "I could stand on 5th Ave, shoot someone & still not lose votes"
Evidence by Obedience. Good Boy!!
Lol good one
Senator, I wish our Hawaiian elected representatives would be just as concerned on making Hawaii not the #1 hardest place to earn a living.
Yup and they are going to leave you high and dry with their trumpcare.
trump: this is a witch hunt!

trump jr: WE ARE WITCHES!!!
A duck!!!!
The imbecile doesn't fall far from the mighty oak, ah, dope.
@realDonaldTrump &  @DonaldJTrumpJr ...I cannot stop LAUGHING!!!
Thank you junior! what else you got?
how about this? why didn't this bother you?
Why does it bother you? Apparently we're all best friends forever and butt kissing with Russia now.
OMG, that made me ! Good one!
Where is the collusion? Do you understand the definition of the word? But please, educated me. #zzz
Mahalo!
O.k. Senator, now that you have corroboration it is time for the Senate to take action.  Who will be first to handcuff Trump ?
After this, why does Kushner have a security clearance?
Daddy in law already invited Russians and their electronic equipment guy into the Oval Office, so how much does it matter now anyway?
*Attempted collusion.
Take four more opioids wash it down with a drink and go back to bed.
Tip of the iceberg, take more pills and go back to bed.
