Trump is the worst failure of a so called Potus, how many Americans have been killed by other citizens carrying guns. Time to stop it now!!!
Oh, so it's Trump's fault? I think your time line on this subject is somewhat warped.  Where were you 8 yrs ago ?
Despicable to politicize tragedy even before the bodies are cold.
How often do you do it when it's ISIS?
Also ban airplanes, knives, rental trucks and fertilizer. Killers will always kill. Most restrictive gun laws - Chicago. Enough said?
Amen
Stop the silencer bill NOW!!!
Your tweet simply reflects your ignorance of the subject.
Maybe when u stand up to planned parenthood and stop murdering innocent children.
They never will!  If children can be slaughtered and not change anything, nothing ever will! NRA ownes Republicans in the Senate.  Shameful
I don’t believe the NRA is in Europe or the Middle East yet the violence continues there! I question your motives here???
Do you think criminals will not find a way look at Chicago
You tell us, you're in congress!
We need comprehensive gun control legislation NOW! NRA's domination of this issue must end. It is the NRA or American lives. Choose NOW!
Congress already has. There is already MASSIVE regulation on fully automatic weapons. No organization or set of laws could've stopped this

Yes this violence must stop. Shut up
So senator tell me how will that end violence?????? By disarming law abiding citizens? Are you that naive ?!
How about just blame the nut that did it
Blame the GOP, They are in bed with the NRA.  They are all terrorists  and complicit in Gun Violence. #GunControlNowGOP.
Do you hear yourself? Why spread more hate? This hate speak is going to come back and bite you or someone you love. Calm it down please
Yes this violence must stop. Shut up
There are more deaths by car accidents and over 100k die every year from doctor errors.
just F.Y.I. Senator.. the shooter, Paddock, had never been an NRA member.
Facts: Aus, Can, U.K., Japan for eg.: All the apologists and shame throwers can go to their rooms. Gun laws work.  U.S. beyond hope?
Dems needs to mourn the dead and keep quiet on this one. Repubs and NRA r n control now- they r respon for this one.
Senator, maybe you should withhold judgement until more information on the finger that pulled the trigger  is made public. #democrate
Do you think criminals obey gun laws? Really?
Well I don't know genius, The NRA doesn't legislate or enforce the law.
You are a part of the problem. There are unseen, impressionable minds you are reaching and the way you word things makes things worse
Wait for the blood to dry.  Single track mind
There is more to the numerous shootings than the NRA, a person can but any type gun on the streets
When They Can Fit Big Boy Pants
You can’t or won’t do anything about the gun violence in Chicago.  So STFU you hypocrite
What happens when the guns get taken away? The illegal guns kill people and we have no way to defend ourselves.
Blow it out your ass lady. Guns don’t kill people. People kill people.
Congress can't! NRA are the legal citizens of this country and they vote! Oh let's not forget the constitution!
Blame this, blame that.  How about the guy who pulled the trigger.
What does the NRA have to do with this man’s Action? Seriously how did you get voted in?
10 assault rifles in a hotel room. Don't forget who lobbies for assault rifles. Or guns in hotel rooms.
I'm sorry, but did the nra shoot anyone?
The guns were illegally obtained but typical libtard comment. Exploiting yet another tragedy
Yes by all means let’s ban the NRA so terrorists and criminals will start obeying the laws of this land. 
Idiot. Disgusting disrespect
The senseless acts of sick minded people #ControlMentalHealth
speak peace. speak healing. speak acceptance. speak unity. speak life. speak love
making gun possession illegal won't stop the violence. it's a heart issue.  speak to the heart. don't aggregate people. speak peace.
Your tweet is ignorant of facts & heartless in the face of victims not even all identified. Public "service"? No.
The NRA didn't shoot them dummy
Bring back fairness doctrine, get rid of citizens united, and separate news from entertainment. Then ppl might have a chance to be informed
Then we as citizens might be able to really have a conversation and vote out those who don't actually represent us.
When we vote them out.
Sorry but when Senate/Congress decided in 2012 that a classroom of slaughtered 6 yr olds was acceptable collateral damage, answer is never.
Liar
killing illegal, machine guns illegal, shooting a gun on the strip illegal what new law are u going to create that will be broken next time
Ban idiots, NOT GUNS!  Take a look at Chicago, how does the gun banning work for you dems?  Not productive at all!
Those that benefit from the NRA all have blood on their hands and careers
Probably never - they need their$$ & have no backbone to stand up to them. They are looking out for themselves # shameless
NRA has spent too much money ensuring the status quo on gun laws. Nothing will change until the rules change about political contributions
This senseless CONGRESS MUST BE. REPLACED!
You can't stop this stuff through legislation. Don't be so ignorant of the facts. Your supposed to rep. the PEOPLE, and you want to do what?
Forget banning guns. 
Let's ban Democrats who took the Bible out of schools
and stand for do whatever makes you feel good, forget the law!
A week from never
Here we go again, talking politics, at a time like this!! Shame on you!!!!!!!!
They will stand up when we have politicians not being subsidized by the NRA. Meaning ridding WA of those on the take!
Maybe it as Hillary's book that drove Paddock over the edge, that would make anyone CRAZY!!!  #BanHillarysbook
Ridiculously stupid  & blocked
No they won't NRA pays them off plus yall don't stand for anything but flags
Gun control don't work.It never has.Criminals don't respect the law. Or haven't you been paying attention.Look at Chicago.Toughest gun laws.
Liberals always take advantage of tragedy to forward their agenda
And conservatives never look for solutions only blame!
Apparently he was a liberal and a Rachel Maddow fan. This one is on the Liberals inciting violence amongst their followers
when???? @GOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan 
if you have children, take action.
this could be them one day at a concert!
Holy shit did you guys all have a meeting about politicizing this?!

  NOW is the time to talk about gun control.
To our @SenateGOP, @HouseGOP, @SHSanders45, and @realDonaldTrump.

Pick at day and time to talk about gun control. Now. We will show up.
Liberals always take advantage of tragedy to forward there agenda.
