I am listening to Sessions’ session. Why is he allowed to unsuccessfully try and gaslight Franken? And then turn red and whine?
i don't know how he is not in contempt of congress myself....
I’d say he is. In many, many ways. He literally told three lies to cover up one lie and then lied again. This is THE NATION’S LAWYER FFS!
WHO HOLDS HIM ACCOUNTABLE
#WHERETHEHELLISTHEGOP
and the Democrats who should demand it
Well now, interestingly enough, I think it’s this committee. But the GOP has their tongues so far up his butt, I threw up in my mouth a bit
oh... me too. i can't unread that now.... LOL
Sen Feinstein n over 20 YR Sanctuary 4Votes California 2xFailure Gov Jerry Brown both take Dirty Money Nasty Hollywood, Party with Harvey Weinstein, Corrupt Hillary Chelsea RapistBillDaddyGrandPa Clinton’s n 2 Obama Holder Water Schiff Atheist
Legalized Child Prostitution..
Omg are we still playing look the other way. What Justice Department? Sessions perjured himself 3 Times We don’t have a DOJ anyone
The Dept. of Injustice.
Can't go to the Dep of Justice for help when they're the ones involved
Of course not I said In, In In-justice. Dept. of In-justice.
Sorry. I read it too fast   Trolls are warping my vision
Christina, you're apology informs me I was to excited in my response. No worries Darlin, it's me who should say sorry. Nice to meet you!
We’re all burnt out. No worries We’re on the same team
Nah, I'm ready to  go, but I was too ready in this instance. So forgive me for seeming harsh, I'm a softy through and through, you'll see!
Weed out all ineligible voters! Why do you resist this common sense action? Integrity of our elections demands this!
I guess the same reason you ppl did not weed out the pervert in the WH!
Duh. The GOP has been doing this since Jim Crow. The Dems lost the swing states in FL and WI and OH because of voter suppression. ACTNOW!
All they want is to have ppl show ID when voting. Is that so hard???
Pay no mind how dummycrats break voting laws on a regular basis.
Ya think?

SMDH. 

THIS is CRITICAL. GOP & Sessions want to NEVER have fair elections again. You see that, yes Senator?
I am appalled as an American citizen & democrat that my party would even think abt working w/this illegitimate POTUS. Pretending like
Everything is ok and that he's the guy in the WH so let him pretend he's doing the job as POTUS. Even tho we all know he's unfit. Why?
THEN DO SOMETHING, FFS!  Come onnn!!!
You madam are a democratic hack with no clue what voting rights for Americans even means. We demand illegals stop being allowed to vote anywhere. We demand an ID and citizenship requirement to vote! That's what protecting voting rights is...period
Weak argument Senator!  How important is election integrity to you?  Stop making excuses for illegal voting.
And let's only allow one place per state to get Voter ID!  Freedom!
http://talkingpointsmemo.com/muckraker/alabama-drivers-licenses-voter-id …

Tell me this isn't politically motivated at all and just a, coincidence.  Nothing to see here?  Just trust Jesus and Maga and everything will be alright?
you all need to be more vocal and get angry.  I wanna hear it.  Session knew & he lies.  What more do you need. #FireSessions
Why do you democrats vote against VOTER ID? Don't we all have a SS# and Driver's license ?  Time for VOTER ID"S get rid of the illegal votes
Sen Feinstein, it is transparent that you only wish to allow illegal Mexicans to vote in our elections. Can't wait until you are voted out.
Please remove this horror show or we will not have a nation.
What a surprise!!!
Thats what frightens me the most reversal of brown ppls right 2 vote. Thats what MAGA is all bout takin us back 2 the good ol days
What are you going to do about it?
:/
Two words: Scott Foval.
This is why Nothing gets done it seems all you & Democrats do is try & find something wrong with POTUS or other Republicans on TV same thing
Fed Gov seeking 2 destroy our rights by so many ways Such as BATF Bu. Land Mgt. Homeland Sec Recording ALL phone email texts  DEA  & on & on
Yep because you are a fake Senator. Anti American and stand only for the Globalist plan to destroy this Nation. Retire. Your time is over!

#SHOWID #SHOWID #SHOWID let them investigate #ILLEGALVOTES!
If Mexico can do it so can we.
Are you serious so many illegals voted in California New York and other places for Democrats thank God Trump won ex Democrat here
This casts doubts about ALL DEMS - s Russiagate Really Hillarygate? via @forbes
There is no justice
There is no doubt in my mind! The JD will not EVER protect voting rights!
There are more reasons to doubt the DOJ than one person can count. I hope they're being closely monitored by congress. Really closely!
Can you please join the rest of us in 2017.
Voting righ.... Ohhhh you mean rights for you democrats out west that haven't been elected legally in 60 years?
Thank you for your service.  Please do not run again.   We can't afford any more division.  It's time for additional voices.
No doubt Jeff Sessions has no intent of protecting voting rights.
You allow illegals to vote in CA, you don’t protect voting rights you profit from abusing illegals & votes.
Your turn is coming ! DOJ, DOJ, tic toc
BTW ...
Are you sure you're a progressive/liberal? Or does that not apply to sexism and ageism? WAKE YOURSELF UP!
#Democrats #DemForce #LiberalAm 
Why don’t you tell that to Hillary
Puts doubts on ur claims “there is no election fraud”
Weren't you encouraging states not to work with that commission?
Let THIS sink in, Senator!
Ya think? Thanks madam obvious
Solution: Downloadable Ballot, use blue or black ink, Mail back to secured location...there you go..done, No interference, No Gerrymandering
lol, voting rights? you're party just changed the primary in your state to make sure no grassroots candidate can win. spare us the fauxtrage
You have doubts? I have no doubts that Jeff Sessions wants to curtail voting rights
What are you afraid of? Could you be elected without dead people, illegal aliens,  other people who have no right to vote?
Vote @David4SenateCA to US Senate 2018
Key word is “possible”...how about waiting for proof?
@Basterds_Fight corporations pick the candidates, voters are just window dressing.
Boy, the Dems sure r scared of @realDonaldTrump 's Election Commission. What could they b hiding? Y not cooperate & b sure elections r fair?
I have 0 doubts about Trump, the deepest pit of the American experiment. But it was corrupt Wall St. Dems (like you) that put him in power.
Here Diane Twitter posters, how about Dianne ask 4 this 2be throughly investigated? It even sounds - ahem, CRIMINAL!
I can tell you that no Russian convinced me to vote for trump. Crooked Hillary with her lies, cheating & deleting did!
you words prove that you were influenced! sad for you; sad for our country. I hope you find your way to reality, good luck on your journey.
Are we talking Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch type collision, or Hillary Clinton and the DNC level collision?
Democrats political hay ain't worth a damn. All this hand wringing&Zero concerns w/emails, domestic spying or any number of ignored scandals
San Diego County had 34% more registered voters than eligible citizens to vote... This very real fraud is rampant in your home state!
If you're an American Citizen you have the right to Vote.  If you're an ILLEGAL you have NO right to Vote.  Case closed.
Senator Feinstein, DOJ and Kobach intend to delete all Democrat Voter Registrations if they can.  Their actions make that clear.
Like Dem justice dept was ever honest? Or your rigged dem nomination? Or rigged IRS?  If it weren't for hypocrisy what would you ever say?
Mongering needs to stop..map the districts right..protect voters!
Dianne, when is the last time you had an original thought.  By reading your tweets, I'd say it has been a long time
Senator, when I grow up, I want to be as classy as you when stating the obvious.
No way...
The #Russian Collusion found here....
Thank you, Senator. We know KK of K just wants to suppress the voters. The founding premise of this group was wrong. They must be stopped
you want the Illegals vote that's all you care about you need to retire Washington is not an old folks home #Termlimits #Agelimits
#LyingFeinstein is at it again.
Are you getting your Alzheimer’s drugs from the Capital Pharmacy ok?
#ResistTheLeft #ResistEvilLeft
This is very disturbing, Senator. Can you force a response from Justice?
DOJ is protecting the rights if honest,dead, legal voters. Unlike lying cheating unlawful DNC
Well, they are dedicated to protecting the voting rights of voters they think will vote Republican. As for the rest of us, not so much.
But ufocks lost
Jade give two rides
<yawn>
Russian collusion.....
Let’s just call it what it is: collusion
POSSIBLE? DOUBT?
Ha Definitely & Certainly
Retire already
STHU bot!!!!!
Not a bot, just want to be anonymous. I stand behind my words and beliefs.
Okay, if you say so. I guess you're just an asshole then!!
When someone gets personal or calls you names, they have lost the argument. Let's just agree to disagree. Take care and God bless you.
Nope, no argument. You are an asshole! That comment was uncalled for. She is still a very respected politician.
I have no doubt that trump's DOJ has ZERO INTEREST in protecting voting rights. I doubt that they have any interest in justice, either.
You are still butt hurt from last November when the silent majority spoke
Willfully ignorant MINORITY. Election was rigged by putin. Wanted a puppet and got one.
Happy to see @maziehirono @maziehirono @maziehirono's signature. Keep it up!
As the old rancher muttered," Them fellers may be in cahoots."
THIS IS THE TYPE OF TRANSPARENCY OUR GOVERNMENT SHOULD MAINTAIN WITH ALL IT'S CITIZENS!
#OutOfTheAbundanceOfTheHeart #EvilContinually
Good golly, neither the voter fraud gang or the DOJ r concerned with protecting voting rights. As GOPers they will trim democratic voters.
Right...he'll trim all the illegal ones, & dead ones, & double-voters, etc. We must have fair elections. Y not just investigate? Can't hurt.
Uranium b****
Are there any left?

Ya think???
We need paper ballots across the country! No more electronic machines!
@realDonaldTrump is a sexual predator.
#trumpisasexualpredator #metoo
Admitted sexual abuser @realDonaldTrump served a subpoena by 'The Apprentice' contestant who alleged sexual assault  http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/trump-served-a-subpoena-by-apprentice-contestant-who-alleged-sexual-assault/article/2637593 … 
Yo! U r confusing @realDonaldTrump  with @HillaryClinton 's IMPEACHED & proven sexual predator...she is married to.
Have you made a personal donation to any of these horrific events
Your profile picture looks like a young Donald Trump. Love it. #MAGA
