Aloha! Welcome home and thank you for your work
YUM!!!! 
Thank you for your steadfast work for all Americans! Wishing you good health!
Thank you for your tireless work protecting the people.  Love from California!   
Jobs n Health? What have you done for Hawaii?
Aloha welcome home & Mahalo for all u do for Hawaii
I like that you refer to it as'the state work period',rather than'the Aug recess';but pls do take some time for yourself w/our thanks.
Yay! Welcome home!
I'd rather seeing you in a food kitchen n helping the growing number of homeless in Hawaii.  True liberal is all about me.
Aloha From Springfield Illinois Mahalo for all your service inspired In our prayers and thoughts
Glad to have you home. See you soon!
I'm grilling pizzas!
you are an inspiration !!!!
God Bless You Senator Hirono. I wish you good health and a long life. Your a woman of integrity.
So good to hear! You look great & as strong as an ox.
Eat up, Auntie, you need your strength.  Thanks for all you do :)
sending you lots of love and good wishes for continued recovery and improving health.
Welcome Home
Welcome home!
You are an inspiration! Wishing you all the best.
Love to you from Michigan!
Good health and blessings to you good Senator.
nothing like ramen in Hawaii ... hope you're well Senator, glad to see a healthy smile on your face
Heal well and fast - thank you for your service
Never in my lifetime Hawaii looked like this..:.why? Leaders fail their citizens; it ain't the same anymore it's all about them
Does it know ramen is egg noodles? #vegetarian not likely. #democRats are liars.
Thank you so much for all you are doing for us, Senator Hirono.
Aloha and welcome home...you Deserve the best Bowl of Ramen ever..enjoy my senator
Welcome home, e ho'okipa mai, Senator
Glad that you're home!
Enjoy being home.  I wish you were my Senator.  Senator Shuster from PA hasn't been in my corner at all.
Looks great, you do too
Take good care
Maize, we love that you have been standing up and speaking out for us and a better America. Thank you #Hirono.
Welcome home Senator!
TYVM for your tireless efforts in DC, standing up 4ACA (Taxbreak4top1%).Take care of YOU w/best wishes, blessings.
Please enjoy. Hoya Saxa!
Welcome home Mazie!  Thanks for your hard work!  We are so blessed to have you as one of our senators!
Stay healthy, Mazie!
Mahalo for all of your hard work for our country @maizehirono! Aloha and best wishes from So Cal! #SheKilledTheBill #Resist #StrongWoman
Take good care of yourself!! Enjoy home!
Aloha, Senator! I'm so grateful you saved healthcare!
Welcome home !
Thank you for your service Senator
You are a beautiful and compassionate & intelligent & FIERCE woman! Thank you for all you do to help women and all people! Peace to you.
HOPE you have a relaxing meal, you've been working hard for us all 
Welcome home! Glad you are taking care of yourself with good vegetarian .  We need you strong and healthy in the Senate!
Amen!
Thank you for all you do. Hoping you have a restful recess.
Best wishes, Senator. Thank you again for everything you do for all Americans, even us Mainland locals. Mahalo!
Stay well, heal, be happy and healthy
Another crackpot Lib
Really. I'm a fFloridian. I'll just pass your stuff along
To your health Sen. Hirono & thank you!
Thank you for showing up and voting, in spite of your health issues. You are an inspiration!
you look great! stay healthy! thank you for your voice!
Dem goes home to meet with state ctzns. @TedCruz goes to Utah to campaign in another state. Love you, Mazie, even though not my Senator.
Thank you!!! Rest up.
Welcome home 
Thank you, Senator! Me ke aloha! 
Looks delicious and thank you for your service to Hawaii
You're a badass 
Enjoy Get some well deserved R&RWe need you back#Resistance 
Welcome home! We are so proud of you!
God bless you Senator and thank you for all of your hard honorable work.
We love you Auntie!  Mahalo for all you do for your constiuents and for America.  Aloha.
Enjoy your well-deserved recess @maziehirono Be well!!! 
Will you be on the big island soon?
That looks really good & healthy. EnjoY  xx
Enjoy!  Sending thanks and good wishes from Massachusetts!
You look happy to be home.  Thank you for your service.
Keep up the fight! We need you! Mahalo!
Yum! Have a great homecoming. Mahalo, Senator!
お疲れ様でした!  お大事に ね!
Enjoy your time off! Good thoughts and wishes.
Take care, Mazie :) Vegetarian or vegan is a really good thing; will help your body heal itself better. #GoVegan
Aloha!
Sending good thoughts and warm wishes your way, Senator!
Have a great and relaxing recess. Thank you for all your efforts in saving the ACA.
Welcome home! Thank you so very much for your service to us and the country. We are so fortunate to have you and we love you! 
