Health care should be a right for all. But tonight GOP is trying to push through a bill that would steal care from millions.
We are in the Senate fighting this mean, ugly bill. But we need you with us calling, tweeting, making your voices heard.
I've heard from so many across Hawaii who would be hurt by #Trumpcare. We're in this fight to #ProtectOurCare for them.

Thank you for your hard work and I wish you strength in your path ahead.
Thank you for all you do, not only for the people of your state, but the entire country. Rest a little now and take good care of yourself.
TY for your fight to #protectourcare in the Senate -- prayers for your personal fight!
Thank you  for fighting for Americans. Praying for you and now you need to fight like a girl and kick cancers @ss!
Please, by all means, fight to keep Obamacare. Let it be your legacy.
My father was one of ten kids growing up in Hawaii. Five of them, himself included, died of cancer. God Bless you & make you well.
Thank you Senator. Wishing a speedy recovery.
thank you for your speech Senator, good luck in your recovery!
Sending my warmest thoughts and prayers for your full recovery, from here in north central Florida.
Thank you, Senator Hirono, for fighting for all of us! May the Great Spirit watch over you.
Hero.
Great to see senators like you .@maziehirono fight for the poor and vulnerable.  The 48 .@SenateGOP tried something unconscionable.
Thank you for standing up for the Preamble to our Constitution "promote the general welfare" #TrumpcareProtest
Thank you Senator for doing the right thing. We need healthcare reform but this wasn't it. Open, bipartisan dialogue is the only path.
All it takes is one bad day. I'd like for everyone to have a safety net if it hits. I think as Americans we all deserve that.
Bottom line: it's better for our economy to avoid bankrupting middle class older folks. Multiple bankruptcies will ruin small counties.
Thank you for your dedication
You are a beautiful person and one of our nations respected leaders. God bless you.
thank you for standing up for us. I wish you well in your fight against cancer and those who would deprive us of healthcare.
We are! It's hard to describe to others, but illness rocks your world. Thank you for all your hard work to help save access to healthcare!
Senator, your courage and commitment to American families, despite your illness, has touched us all. God Bless you and THANKYOU 4 your valor
You go girl.
Thank you for your speech and vote. Your call for compassion was eloquent and a beautiful glimmer of hope 
I don't live in your state, but I wanted to sincerely thank you for your work.
Thank you and stay healthy!
Thank you for your brave heart.
I'm guessing that Senator McCain was thinking the same thing
last night......
I'm a cancer survivor too - thank you!
Thank U 4 thinking of us while u face a battle of UR own. Speaks volumes of character & love of others. Praying 4 u keep fighting. We ♡u
Fight a good fight against that cancer and win Senator. Thank you for your no vote last night.
thank you so much. You are an inspiration. 
Absolutely right, universal health care for all 
Thank you for traveling so far to cast your vote and for your courage in standing up for us all. Best, best wishes to you in your fight.
Beautiful work Senator. Absolutely beautiful.
Which Obamacare plan do you use?
Get well soon - you are the best this country has to offer
Saw your speech tonight. Thank you 
YOUR SPEECH TOUCHED EVERY ONES  HEART !YOUR COURAGE AND LOVE FOR YOUR CONSTITUENTS WERE SHOWN TONIGHT! GOD BLESS YOU AND KEEPS YOU WELL
You are an inspiration and a hero! Thank you for your eloquent and honest speech tonight!
You are an inspiration to the rest of us w/cancer. A true Warrior Woman, example of strength, and total badass! 
Your amazing!!! Great speech tonight! 
Majority of Americans are also one illness away from bankruptcy&debt! #SkinnyRepeal would only make it worse and leave millions with no care
Thank you for fighting for us 
Senator, thank you for all you are doing and the example you are setting. You are a brave woman. I wish you strength in caring for yourself.
Keep fighting for us, Senator Hirono. Very moving speech
Illness takes everything u have, it affects families & communities.  The last thing u should have 2 do is fight ur gov
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for your bravery, dignity, leadership & courage in these hard times for you & our county. You're a hero and patriot.
I am watching you on Cspan! I am so proud that you are my Senator!
Thank you for your service @maziehirono
Please keep fighting, Senator Hirono!  Thank you!
I thought a brain tumor would also be eye opening for some... but I guess not. Thank you for persevering. Prayers for your good health!
You are a true hero. Thank you for your service to the country.
Praying for you. Almost done with chemo for #breastcancer 
Mahalo for your heroic representation of us Senator. We appreciate you. Sending Aloha to you from our #islandinthepacific home.
Aren’t you exempt from ACA?
Thank you Senator. You are a true #Patriot and #Shero. 
Keep up the good fight Mazie! Hugs! 
You looked good on Chris Hayes, my prayer is that you are feeling well too. Thanks for your fight against this Republican travesty.
@blynntopsfield thank you Senator for your service and your grace.
Stay strong Senator!
You are an inspiration. Thank you
You are an inspiration @maziehirono 
The Technology Changed, & Exposed, Them.
Thank you Senator. We need you. You're a hero.
Thank you!
You are a hero and inspiration. Thank you. Keeping you in my thoughts
@SenJohnMcCain And you?
Thank you Senator Hirono! Wishing you well! #Resist #SaveACA
I just learned this now on Chris Hayes! You are an even tougher nut than I already thought! Good luck with your treatments! 
I am sorry about your cancer diagnosis. In my family heart transplants, cancer, Alzheimers's inspire me to fight #GOPDEATHCARE. It is bad.
 Thanks for continuing to fight for Americans. Wishing you health & strength.
Mahalo for your support. Very happy that you and Brian Schatz represent us here in Hawaii. All the best.
I think of you each day. I have been cancer-free for 4 years now...wishing all the best for you. Thanks for fighting for all of us!
Friend had Brest  Cancer Obama Care? Horrible Care It is a crime.worst care i have ever seen.
All those young healthy people who don't "need" health insurance are at highest risk for accidents and unintended pregnancies.
Exactly, we've been battling the mean ugly major diagnosis for 34 yrs! Tired of constantly trying to keep our heads above water & now this!
Healing thoughts your way. spouse has cancer. He may soon unquailify for Medicaid. Can't work any longer. I am disabled. ACA was next plan.
Wish @SenJohnMcCain had been so lucid, self-aware, and compassionate.  Thank you, Mazie! Be well!
So thankful you @SenJohnMcCain and @SteveScalise have quality health insurance. WeThePeople deserve the same!
Thank you Senator Hirono for your service and your honor. #whentheygolowwegohigh
Humor therapy helps a lot! Norman Cousins cured himself  watching Marx Bros. movies. Young Frankenstein  & The Ladykillers got me thru chemo
You are a hero Senator. Thank you.  May you be in perfect health
Yes u are a hero Senator. Thank you.
Thank you!  Hawaii is lucky to have you!  Wishing u a speedy recovery.
As a senator you have coverage we American people can only dream of. You have much different opportunities than us
Thank you. You're a hero and an inspiration.
My Mom died from cancer. God bless and I'll pray for a speedy recovery.
