VOTE: Shall the motion of the chair stand as the ruling of the Senate? ("nuclear option" on SCOTUS 60 vote threshold) #clerkwillcalltheroll
Democrats are a disgrace to this country and should be ashamed of themselves.
Seems @SenSchumer thinks people don't remember Dems changed this and made it an option! #talkingdowntous #votelikeanadult #dontbepartisan
Have u ever heard of the principle, Majority Rules? First become the majority party, then u can set the agenda.
How about giving credit to Trump for his Military Strike on Syria !
U screwed the pooch fools.
It's criminal there is hearing 4 any1 of Trump's picks 2be appointed while he's under investigation for treason. #holdthefloor #StopGorsuch
You're nutty
Dems changed that rule.  Reps just changed it back.  Guess that backfired on Reed cause he thought HRC would win
So what? Instead of complaining, y don't u work to become the majority party again?
Palestinian children being murdered left and right Yemen Children dead dead dead Not a fucking peep, Assad no proof needed
Regardless of if Gorsuch is confirmed by #NuclearOption senate Dems MUST continue 2do all they can 2 #stopgorsuch
You do realize there is nothing they can do.....right?
@SenSchumer @DSenFloor Oh The Biden Bill, yeah Democrat author.  Fine when they use it but when it's used agains the they cry
#Warmonger !
You mean the Republicans had the guts to use the rule that DEMOCRATS changed? Senate rule NOT found in Constitution used by Dems in 2013...
Stop acting like baby's you loss get over it you can loss your jobs voters tried of it
LOSERS
Glad it happened and hope it does again.
Love that GOP using a Democrat tactic to confirm Supreme Court
Have u asked yourselves why u now a minority party?
You lost the election and will continue to lose seats because of your stupidity
Chuck. You work for the people. This personal vendetta against Trump is weird and childish.
This act of revenge, obstruction and defiance will damage our country for decades.  Shameful and sad
@SenateMajLdr >>> “You’ll regret this, and you may regret this a lot sooner than you think.” That aged very well. #DemsAreHypocrites #MAGA
Well Chump, I hope you're satisfied.
Harry Reid!!! How did that work out for you?
over. That democrats will have no chance at any power for years to come. And all because you wanted to make a point. Hope it was worth it
How does it feel to know you did this to the Dem party? That your President will have at least two more justices in before his two terms are
You dems have ZERO credibility.
And now is the time -while they're floundering, while they're unsure of their next move -- to throw ourselves into fighting for Republicans
Go home Schumer...Dimms are done in Washington...
How do we stop this? How do we reinstate internet privacy regulations? Please don't lose focus on Russia!
Death to Democrats.. impotent ignorant, anti American bunch that you are .. lmao...
Finally a Senate that will get something done!!!
Nuclear option was invented by the Dems!!! Now live with it!!!!
Lol nuclear option is actually constitutional option, you tell so many lies and make up drama, you are not good for America
LIB DEM LAWYERS R a Disgrace 2 America! LIB LAWYERS will B the downfall of this nation like they have previous civilizations! Thx Schumer!
LIB DEM LAWYERS continue lying to the American ppl & tearing down the nation! U LOST THE ELECTION! Honor the results of the Election!
@DSenFloor @SenMajLeader just completely disrespected the majority of voters and our representatives! Sick disgusting @GOP !
The Nuclear Option was 100% Schumer! Not one thing wrong with Gorsuch! NOTHING! You voted 4 him 2B a District Judge! HYPOCRISY at its best
LMAO right now.  How's it feel to be on the receiving end of the nuke this time, Dems?  You've no one to blame but yourselves.
Legislative filibuster should also be nuked. Bills should live or die by merit, not some stupid rule. #Trumpcare sucked. It died. The End
How could you guys let this happen? Surely you knew about the nuclear option. What the heck!!!
YES! Dems did it! I'm FED UP with their BS works for us but no one else games! I hope they do it 3 ... 4 more times & get REAL judges!
Due to Schumer the supreme court vote will now be simply majority.  Way to go dumb shit Schumer, your responsible for changing court forever
Trump will get no help from democrats, he has "a phone and a pen", GOP and Trump will just have to go it alone.
You set up this mess with your arrogance.  You thought you had it all
Chuck Schumer a one-man army to implode his own career as a politician
Schumer and Reid deserve this slap in the face today!!!!
And you can also thank that piece of SHIT, Harry Reid too.
@senategop In the words of the previous president... In case you haven't noticed, I won the election. Elections have consequences. FU, Dems.
60 votes isn't for SCOTUS. It's to break your whiney filibuster. SCOTUS votes are majority votes, no wonder Dems lost.
Political philosophy shouldn't enter into deciding specific cases w/differing facts & circumstances. Legal acumen & temperament count more.
Thanks for reaching across the aisles. Sore losers to say the least.
Why the hell did you let this happen. Should have objected under rule XXII
Of course you will. #smh. Remember YOU WORK FOR THE PEOPLE......NOT FOR YOUR OWN AGENDAS. Start doing what you were voted in for!!!
If the GOP is so worried about what they did today why did they vote for this nuclear option? GOP first America last especially the people
Partisanship subverts institutions & precedents designed to protect democracy if they can be changed for the sake of convenience at whim.
Under fundamental parliamentary principles a chairman cannot make motions without temporarily relinquishing the chair to ensure impartiality
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr Sad day for US! GOPSenate has lowered itself 2 House level! Politics & buyoffs from special interest grps come 1st
Republicans wouldn't need 2 go "nuclear" if all of you obstructionists would approve Gorsuch, JUST Like HE WAS APPROVED 100% by all of you!
Get use to losing Chuck
I JUST UN MASKED HILLARY




@SenSchumer please supply list of votes
If the tables were turned, the Dems would be doing exactly what the Reps are doing; and IF they were honest, they'd admit that.

Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.

@SenSchumer 
Schumer stated he would filibuster ANY SUPREME COURT nominee put forward by Bush Administration. 
Still a bully.
Well, so much for that! Now we have to hope that Kennedy and Ginsburg do not retire!
@SenSchumer  Dems and Schumer  are more dangerous to this country than ISIS
@SenSchumer 
"Schumer has an alarming habit of attacking people... a sign of a bully", when he blocked justices during Bush days
@SenSchumer 
Chuck Schumer is a hypocrit.
He started blocking justices during the Bush administration.
@SenSchumer 
Hypocrits.
Tim Kaine said the democrats would do the same thing after Hillary is elected. Lol, how did that work out for the democrats
BOOM!!! 
Senate dems will vote to continue acting like the incompetent shitstains they are. No love for the country, only their corrupt party agenda.
2018 is not that far away we will see who gets the last laugh.
Nuclear option make it happen if Democrat's don't want to work with America
Karma from the last 8yrs is calling but y'all #unplugged the phone & R hiding in ur mom's basement looking for #Russia clues in #cyberspace.
The fact the Schumer & Biden said no Judges should be Confirmed in the Last Year of a Presidents Term Shows what types of Games they PLAY
The way potus does this is horrible, he will be appointed let's hope he does as the law is written. Trump will be long gone and he remains
Schumer & Biden a few years ago said "NO Judges Should be Confirmed" in the "Last Year of a Presidents Term " I guess Schumer forgot ,Really
Bad for America
Senator, the point of your remarks on the #NuclearOption is invalidated by you delivering it; #consequences
Great look what Harry Reid started.
did ya stock up on some Kleenex Chickie?
@SenSchumer @DSenFloor  they didn't foresee the childish behavior of Dems who will only vote for a judge with liberal views
@SenSchumer The crafters of congress thought that adults would be elected & would be responsible enough to vote for good judges
Chuck schumer BIGGEST LOSER! Eat your own s..t w Harry Reid!!!
Karma sucks, right? GOP pulling the nuclear trigger that Reid and the Dems handed them.
could have been avoided, you could have found enough votes. You wanted Republicans to do this so you could campaign on this in 2018
@SenSchumer @SenateDems scorched earth policy is what happens when you refuse to negotiate Clown boy... sucks to be you
.@SenateDems @SenateDems
@SenSchumer @SenateDems not all of you lmao
Remember FDR- "Government by organized money is just as dangerous as Government by organized mob."
Don't forget Trump needs your cooperation on "tax reform" and his wall. This is a turning point.  You guys need to start fighting like FDR!
Please do it's fun watching you people get kicked in the teeth every day
Elections have consequences!
Can't the Democrats and Republicans make a deal? Both sides endorse Mr. Gorsuch and the next vacancy will be guaranteed to go to M. Garland?
Sorry that's not how it works but better luck next time
We see now that the filibuster has always been a tool for #GOP  to use against #DEMS while the #GOP had no intention of allowing it for you.
Wait a minute, have you forgotten your fearless leader HARRY REID? Dems are shameless!
Nuke option was OK when Harry did it though, eh? Hypocrites! Wanna wait till Dems are in power to fill vacancy so can cont.w/ eugenics plan?
Omg. Do you know what eugenics means? That is done by RW. Especially White Supremists. Like say..Bannon. Get dictionary.
You better do more research. Eugenicists like things like assisted suicide & abortions, leftist ideas. Ask @JohnPodesta & Geoegetown Univ.
The bomb has been dropped, bombs away! Thanks Harry Reid!! Great day for America and the rule of law!
Thank you for your courage senator. Remember four little numbers. #2018 Help is coming. We have your back!
Hey moron all McConnell did was change the rules back to what they were in 2003 get over yourself
What goes around comes around. Enjoy your Harry Reid moment.
So we who voted 4 Donald Trump did so because we DON'T WANT A LEFTWING JUDGE. Now get ready,  we're going 2 push 4 harder right-wing judges
Go nuclear now!
You bullied nunes so he would step down, now you can choke on this
Where is outrage over Rice and Clinton ties to Russia.  How about the Iran deal and how about Obama's lack of action on Syria?
How was Gorsuch a great appellate choice, but as SCOTUS, not so much?
The bottom line is I seen video of you all telling a President Bush he couldn't have a nominee the last year of his presidency.
YOU had the ignorance & arrogance to call down the thunder!  WELL WE (The Forgotten Man)  ARE HERE AND BROUGHT YOU HELL! #MAGA
I still think they should call it the Harry Reid blunder it would be a fitting legacy for that man. Dems will pay
Thanks for not working for the people pal my faith that D.C. Working for the people is no more good job
Just disappointing and a sad day for the American people you elected all of you to do the right thing for our country. Shame on all of you!
The only authority the Dems respect is their own
SenSchumer have u stop to think that we the ppl wanted Gorsuch confirmed this revenge thing is childest self centered Stand with #Gorsuch
You guys and schumer are ruining government.
BOOHOO YOU SHOULD BE FIRED WE ARE GETTING OUR SUPREME COURT GORSUCH LMAO..CRY BABIES TRUMP WINS AGAIN..
GOOD!!!!  AND I HOPE THEY HAVE ENOUGH GUTS TO FOLLOW THRU..WE see HOW our govt works for us & doesn't
I remember the pressure put on Reid to use it
@SenSchumer @DSenFloor It's kinda like Dems are saying "we're IDIOTS, and here's proof!"  Quite unbelievable.  Such babies.
A mistake to change the rules.
You're absolutely right it was a mistake for Harry Reid to change the rules back in 2003 now it's come back to bite him
Democrats you lose!  lol.
SCHUMER LOSES AGAIN NUCLEAT OPTION but he keep wasting tax payer money playing games
You can thank dirty Harry
