Ur against him because he will uphold the constitution. U apparently know nothing about. It's people like u that tear this nation apart.
@SenateDems why not, you supported Obama!
your voice is "well" heard, congrats
Yet you supported your rotten judge?
It is unfortunate that your command of the language seems insufficient to convey your thoughts without reverting to street language.
You're a foolish woman for speaking of such a highly respected man.
you are a biased liberal democrat hack playing partisan politics. You and your Dem buddies made your bed the last 8 years #MAGA
Oh my goodness, so many words but saying so little.
that is a very ignorant statement.  We dont need crap like you in the Senate.  #draintheswamp
Monopolies are the enemy of democracy.
I wouldn't be talking @maziehirono. You are the senator of a state far away from the action, you fragile snowflake.
We don't want you Democrats killing innocent babies and mothers stomachs it's wrong to kill innocent babies overturn Roe v Wade
Because we live in a republic you don't make the rules laid the people do judge course it will be a good pic so go play now

Gorsuch is imminently qualified - this is shameful political partisanship beneath the dignity of your office.
Gorsuch may be qualified but funded by dark money, not transparent, plagiarist , pro business and nominated by admin under investigation
Bless your heart.
Can you actually see with your eyes closed like that?
maybe you should think about the laws you pass.  he just upholds them based on how they are written.  his job is not to legislate

No quit whining. You are being hateful and vindictive, get over It!
Fake you are so fake 97% grade Dems unanimously voted Gorsuch prior you are so political it's not even funny you're w clicks not w Hawaiians
Thank you senator
Thank you Mazie, you are awesome #resist
Watched your floor speech opposing Gorsuch last night on C-Span. Your recount of the Citizens United ruling was so clear/informative..BRAVO!
Thank you, Senator Hirono!!
I think you should review Judge Ginsberg's senate conformation testimony .
Thank you , Senator! The GOP scythe is cutting down our government. You are among the heroes who are standing to give witness.
Geez you know nothing about the law even though you claim to be a lawyer. It's evidence and law only. For you, little guy always wins?

Thank you, Senator!
Thank you @maziehirono for doing the right thing & showing leadership.  Proud to be your constituent! #StopGorsuch
Thank you from TX.
#NeilGorsuch How Do You Stand On The Child Protection Industry? | #CorruptCPS | a Documentary https://youtu.be/Ako81otKzgs  via @CorruptCPS
You just mad your legislation that screws people will be struck down as unconstitutional. F all the way off.
#nicelyput
Good. Don't need your support anyway. #nuked
oppose him if you will, but allow an up or down vote.
Thank you
Mahalo Senator! Gorsuch's ties to Anschutz + the Kochs make very clear he is a puppet of the 1% without regard for #WeThePeople #StopGorsuch
Bye Felicia! Uh, I mean 'Dave'
#ObstructionQueen #TermLimits #SayNoToHironoIn2018
Ignorant politician
From your constituent...#ConfirmGorsuch
Mazie your stubborness will not only not stop confirmation: it will lead to further destruction of #Cloture #Rule22 to the detriment of all
Invoke nuke option
they will, and it will be Mazie and friends fault.
your lie,ing crooks
Misinformed or uninformed?  Both
Liar lies lies lies
Garfield completely qualified~ Republicans for the FIRST TIME in the HISTORY of Committee to NOT VOTE on HIM. #45 under investigation VOTE
#readyforimpeachment
Thank you!  Never stop fighting!  If they can't get the votes, they should find a candidate who can.
And most Americans no longer support the Illegal Immigrant, Sharia Law, and Sanctuary City Party.
I laugh knowing the very thing they intended to use against the Republicans gets used against them!!! They dish it out but can't take it
WOW
I  wish I lived in Hawaii so that I could vote for you & work for your campaign. I needed to hear this today. You made me believe again.
@SenateDems Good!  Then you must be voting for Gorsuch!  Unlike the liberal judges, he will follow the constitution. Problem??
Or he can at least copy and paste it.
@maziehirono Your words renew my hope for change!
In other words you'll only support someone who always agrees with you.
Well perhaps only support someone who works for people versus corporations. I think that's her jist. I know it's mine. TY for reading. xo
Also, that's the cutest dang baby in the world on your page. Even if we disagree on politics, we can at least agree on baby darlingness.
Very kind of you to say! I'm fine with people who don't like Gorsuch as long as they can tell me some right leaning judges they would accept
Me neither. Thx for the good fight against Gorsuch. GOP can't win unless they cheat.
For this to stick, we have to put pressure on moderate republicans to not support changing the rules of the senate. #RESISTANCE
Yeah.... good plan.   Say "Cool Whip"
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Hirono
Mahalo Mazie! Tell your fellow colleagues we appreciate them standing firm on this! The GOP cannot continue 2 get away with playing unfairly
