U ppl need to start focusing on YOUR  jobs, instead of on Corey.  He's fired...PERIOD
stop talking about Trump and start impeaching.
Yes...and we should start with Pelosi, Waters, Warren and Schumer, etc.
Start doing work with President for us taxpayers.
Crying queen you are a shame to veterans.
NO BUSINESS IN THE HOUSE OR SENATE UNTIL SPECIAL PROSECUTOR IS ASSIGNED AND INDEP INVESTIGATION  IS BEGUN!COUP D/ETAT! WAKE UP DO SOMETHING
Rule of law - when has that ever gotten in the way of Democrats - they had crappy candidate that did dumb and illegal stuff!
Please - the Dems even dispute things Trump suggests that Obama did or said - farce.  The left just needs to move on
Please do something ... some action ... enough of the words ... We the People want to be represented as against ALL that is Trump & Co.
No we the people do not want to be represented by Democratic hacks
As I told @BraxtonJulie our @FBI deserved better and there are no winners here just politicians.
This @SenSchumer is a real work of art. Go ahead @TheDemocrats #ImpeachTrump and you'll get us @mike_pence a REAL #Christian #Conservative. 
Pence is complicit I believe. As head of the transition team he should have vetted all the cabinet idiots. Or he simply knew and didn't care
You can believe anything you want but under the real-world Constitution we live under fire trump @VP is your new guy. Thanks in advance.
Sad but true. Pence not a whole lot better- at least CLAIMS to be a good Christian. Though I doubt beliefs of many so called Christians now!
Pence is much better. You faux Christians always like your sins better than those sins of other Christians.
We'll see!
We are counting on you to pull us out of this mess!  It appears some GOP have finally decided to save themselves.  Find a few more please
Rosenstien is just another hired crook from the Trump administration, yet this guy has no integrity whatsoever and should resign immediately
Hypocrites and crybabies. The whole lot! Republicans and democrats equally.
All Democratic senators need to again today continue to pursue a means to impeach the worst president in American history!!!!
Independent investigation NOW!!!
You people are hypocrites - first you want him out then you are outraged when fired!  He disrespected the office and lowered the morale
Chuck Schumer(D) says "we've lost all confidence that Comey can do his job."  Now he's fired Schumer says "firing big mistake " #hypocrisy
You @SenateDems  - especially @SenSchumer  - sure do talk out of both sides of your mouth. #hypocrites #doublestandard #disgraceful
Well, we fell on the floor over here.
An independent investigation is only way to go now. Make it soon! America will not take much more of our own president disrespecting USA !!!
Comey lied about Hillary emails, he is not subjective. It's better he is gone
now more than ever we need an Independent investigation.
You need to shut the Senate down until an independent review committee is formed to look at Russian ties.
Joke right?
America finally has a President with Balls. Mr. President continue draining the swamp and Making America Great Again.  You have my full vote
Thank you - sanity
@SenMarkey Don't give up @SenateDems ! Fight fight fight! 
Comey out of town.
NOT ASKED TO RESIGN
"effective immediately"
Only those who did something SERIOUSLY WRONG AT THE MOMENT get fired this way
This is tipping into a constitutional crisis, it's clear.  No time to get distracted.  #independentProsecutor Now
I'm accusing the White House and POTUS of undermining the FBI agency's investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia. #IMNOTACROOK
There is no other reason and the Clinton reason is simply bullshit
As the current Congress What wll u do now its your PLAY yourselves or the country I'm watching along with the rest of the country
Now we can get a real investigation into IRS, Server, email, Clinton foundation. Really tired of you Hipocrits. Do something obstructionists
#mitchmcconnell Then tries to say let's work together?? WOW SAD excuse for a speaker of the House. Where are our separate branches of govt?
Thank you for requesting a special investigator for the Russia/trump probe.Many are very afraid for the safety and security of our country.
#micthmcconnell #seantefloor Nice start this morning with MM written script on Obamabacare, still can't say ACA Then criticizing senate dems
THE AMERICAN PUBLIC DEMAND AN INDEPENDENT COUNCIL!! WHO CAN WE CALL!!??
I also think Americans have a right to know EXACTLY why Comey was fired? Funny he didn't act this fast when firing Flynn??
@SenMarkey This Facebook link is not working!
 Out of Touch Much #hypocrites
Americans demand a special investigation, I do not even believe Rosenstein can be impartial given the fact he fired Comey.
looked liked Schumer 's fellow Dems were falling asleep during statement on Comey
Don't let up. We deserve the truth. #russiagate #ComeyFiring
Impeach Trump
Remember AG Sessions also recused himself from HRC investigation @SenSchumer Don't Leave This Out
#IndependentInvestigation #ComeyFiring
The ? is not whether Ds agree that Comey's reckless handling of HRC investigation
But rather removing Comey after announcing investigation
The Democrats want a special prosecutor to drag this on until 2020 for political gain.. that's all they think about. How can I cheat to win
No, we want a special prosecutor to end this bullshit NOW.
-- @POTUS and the @GOP want Russian investigation and the leaks to be looked into too.. Trump made the right call.. & NO special council
Except McConnell is talking about health care, not Comey
Thank you!
Mitch McConnell assertion that D's interest working on health care bill as capitulation that Obamacare is a failure. Despicable
All Democrats wanted Comey to Resign. Please cut your  on the #ComeyFiring .
Refuse everything schumer!!
Don't have a Facebook account.  Do you have another feed?
Makes a change from being dead on the floor
What Congress does now will define it and the country for many years to come.
The problem for the GOP is we've seen them do this before during Watergate.

Are you all celebrating? You were calling for his head last year!!!!!
Schumer and many other democrats called for Comey to be fired. Now that Trump did it you are against it. What a bunch of hypocrites.
he fired him because of his own self interest and Russian invest..
Yeah being incompetent had nothing to do with it 
if you believe that I have some swamp land for you at the WH.
So democrats wanted him fired and Trump does it and now it's bad
