But the work continues. We can't let three heroic votes be for naught.
Thank you for all you do, Senator Hirono!
Senator Hirono, Thank you for your vote!
Thank you for punching in your vote,despite recovering from the surgery. I hope it will end well.(5 years since I logged in here. I had to!)
Thank you for being a true American working for the people. I was honored to have met you when I was in DC for the women's March.
Thank you!
Sending you Well Wishes from the Great State of Illinois 

cc:@SenatorDurbin cc: @SenDuckworth
Thank you for your devotion and service to the American people.
Live in Arizona. Calling Flake and McCain daily!
.@maziehirono and @SenJohnMcCain You are both heroes. Thank you.
No, YOU made sure.  THANK YOU!
Thank you @maziehirono for your bravery and putting your suffering secondary to protecting the health care of millions. You are a hero
Thank you Senator.  You are amazing.  Praying for your recovery.
Thank you, Senator Hirono. You are an inspiration. God bless you.
Thank YOU for supporting ACA. Best wishes for good health to you.
Thank You for standing up to the political disenfranchisement that would harm so many. Thanks for unabashedly speaking out against unfairnes
You are so amazing. I saved your speech to show my daughter when she gets older. ( she's 1). She needs to know what strong women can do.
thank you Senator Hirono for your vote.  <3
Thank you for speaking out for Americans at their most vulnerable.  I'm one of them. Chronic illness doesn't make us unworthy. Thank you.
You are a #Shero. Thank you!! Bless you. Be safe.
Thanks to you for your support of Americans and our health. We wish you the best in your health! Blessings!
Thank you, Senator 
Thank you Senator Hirono for your vote against Trumpcare. God bless you in your fight against cancer.
You made sure of it and I want to thank you for your heroic efforts.
Ms HIRONO WHY IS IT THAT OBAMACARE US SUSPISED TO BE IK 4 THE AVERAGE AMERICAN YET NOT FOR THE HOUSE/SENATE . Ur all corrupt  need replacing
Thank you Senator for being the amazing and strong person you are.
YOU made sure that didn't happen!!! Thank you!!!
Thank you Senator for all you did to support this effort
You are my hero along with every Senator that voted to save healthcare. God Bless You!
Thank you for your http://compassion.You  made it hapoen too! ♡
Lady you are so mis informed what you are getting is medicaid not Obamacare.  That's why states are going broke.  Obamacare is expensive.
Thank-you!!
We are grateful for the stand you took on behalf of millions of Americans.   Sending blessings and gratitude.
T/u 4 be'g a hero & vot'g your , not  party or be'g pressured by 45 2 do someth'g not good 4 pple. Luv u & r proud of u. Bless u, get well
Thank you, Senator for your vote!
Mahalo, Mazie.  
Actually, Senator, YOU made sure that didn't happen by heroically showing up for the vote to defends millions. We cannot thank you enough.
Thank you for your dedication. Sending thoughts of healing and peace your way!
Mahalo @maziehirono stay strong!
Thank you @maziehirono for standing up and voting NO on HCbill that wld. hurt millions!  You are a hero!  #Persist!
Thank you for standing up for me as I battle colon cancer! Bless you!! 
Thank you Sen Hirono as mom to kid's w/disabilities you are definitely a hero in my eyes. Your perseverance paid off and I thank you.
Thank you for your bravery in the face of such ignorant adversity!! You are a hero!
And thank you as well! Hope you are healing well!!
Senator Hirono, thank you from Texas for your selfless, heroic defense of our legislative process and Americans' health.
Love your speech and your actions senator. Father God bless you and your family.
Thank you Senator. @maziehirono You are amazing.
You are a Hero. ((( Hugs  )))
#bctamale here we Come. I Welcome all the participants of  Barcamp Tamale 2017
Thank YOU so much! Sending you love and light! 
So Did You @maziehirono THANK YOU!
Thank you @maziehirono for fighting for me.
Thank you @maziehirono.
Thank you, @maziehirono, for your healthcare vote and inspirational words. We are grateful for your heroic action.
Thank u senator Mazie Hirono! Many blessings on your fight!
You are a world-class #Hero @maziehirono! Best wishes for a speedy recovery for your health.
Your speech brought me to tears. You are a strong, brave woman. So much respect for you. Heal well. 
YOU made sure if didn't happen. Thank you Senator!
Stay well !!!! You are amazing !!
Thank you so much for your leadership! You are a hero to all Americans! 
Thank you.
Thank you so much!!!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Hirono!!! 
Thank you Senator  You saved my life. I went to UH  @TuesdaysToomey @SenBobCasey @SenWarren @SenateDems @maziehirono
Thank You Senator Hirono.
Thank you Senator for your vote and courage ! Many blessings and prayers for recovery for you 
Sincere thanks for your service, Mazi.
Yes, and so did you! Thank you!
So did you. Thank you. Thank you for sacrificing your own health for ours.
thank you for your vote. your courage, dignity & unselfishness; you are appreciated. thank you wishing you healing & peace 
YOU. 

YOU are Our hero, ma'am.
Mahalo Mazie!!!!! 
Senator, you are what we would have called in the old days "one tough broad!" Thank you for your bravery.
Thank you for voting no.
So did you, Senator! Thank you for your sacrifice and putting the American people above your own health. God bless you for your heroic vote.
You inspired us.
You're an American Hero senator. <3 <3  truly inspirational
Thank you!!!
And thank you so much for all you have done for the American people.
thank you for flying to Washington to vote NO. You're an incredibly brave woman and someone all congressmen can look up to.
Thank you
Thank YOU, Senator!
YOU helped make sure it didn't happen.  Thank you more than words can express
Thank you, Senator, for your strength and determination. #healthcare
Thank you. You're a hero.
Here's an idea Mazie: focus on pulling this state out of bankruptcy and failing infrastructure. You've got enough on your plate here in HI.
You were and are awesome, may God continue to keep you and bless you.
OMG thank you for bring compassion and humanity to the Floor of the US Senate. You're my #heroine.
So did you!!!
Senator, you helped us all make that reality.  Thank you for demonstrating such courage and strength  
senator mazie hirono is a true american hero.
You are as much a hero as Collins, Murkowski and McCain. The bill would not have been killed without your courageous presence.
Thank you!
Thank you and wishing you good health 
Your vote saved lives. Thank you.
Mahalo for your leadership, courage & tenacity!
...thank you for reminding your colleagues about the compassion and empathy they extended to you, it helped.
Thank you for YOUR work on it.
And again how many people got Obamacare shoved down their throat & pay a penalty for a useless worthless health plan they can't afford. Hack
You did too, thank you!!!
Thank YOU Senator Mazie--I wish you the best in health and healing. Keep up all your fights!! #badassmazie
So did you, Mazie. Thanks.
Thank you so much for standing up for the people! Many mahalos. :)
Thank you for your vote! #RepealGOP
You are a hero
No. YOU made sure it didn't happen.
Liar.
Thank you! You are the hero.  I will keep you in my prayers.
@maziehirono Thank you for all you do for our country, while you are fighting your own battle. You are a true leader and mentor.
We need 2 rescue "healthcare" from the Government. Only then can we retain our privacy, liberties. NO single-payer insurance!
You are a hero and I thank you for what you did, and hope you feel well again soon
Your time on the floor was an inspiration.  Your support, priceless to this cancer survivor. Thank you!
YOU made sure that didn't happen, Senator!
We are grateful. Thank you.
Thank you, senator. Your vote and your sacrifice are heroic.
Thank YOU! You are brave, honorable and a true hero!
My heartfelt thanks to you, Sen. Hirono! And best wishes for your good health.
Thank you thank you for your NO vote Senator.
Mahalo piha @maziehirono for your courage and strength! Hawaiʻi stands behind you. Me ke aloha
Thank you for fighting!
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for your vote. We wish
you speedy recovery. Get Well!
THANK YOU for speaking up, sharing your story, and fighting for the American people. Will be praying for you & your family. We need you!
Thank YOU senator!!
As did you. Thank you, Senator Hirono.
.@maziehirono Thank you for all your work. You're the real American hero.
Thank you for your vote.
Mahalo for your Mana and Courage
Senator, you've fought so hard for the health and lives of millions, myself included. Thank you so much for protecting our care.
Thank you for your story.
Thank you for your service to the American people.  You aren't my senator but I support you all the way.
You are a hero, Senator, thank you.
Well, to be honest, you helped.
Thank you for your vote against the Repeal and Replace ACA.  I agree with those that say you are a hero
Thank you, Senator, you are a hero.
Thank you for your vote and dedication to the American people. Best of luck to you!
Thank you, Senator, for your courage, bravery and fighting every chance you get for the American people.
You were so moving last night. Thank you!
YOU helped ensure we still have the ACA. Thank you, Senator Hirono, thank you. Best wishes to you.
You did too and you are appreciate.  Praying for you as you move forward.
Thank you for being a hero. Well wishes on a speedy recovery. From one cancer survivor to another. 
Thank you for your vote tonight, Senator.
You & @SenJohnMcCain would be the ideal people to spearhead healthcare bipartisanship.  Courage and compassion.  #FixObamacare
Thank you. Just...from the mom of a special needs adult, thank you.
Thank YOU for resisting, for persisting. You never give up the fight
You did!
.@maziehirono Thank you for your speech, for sharing your heart and for standing up for real Americans. We love you!
Thank you Senator. Admire your tenacity and courage. Sending love to you.
So did you Senator Hirono. A thousand thank yous.
Thank you and well wishes to you!
Thank you Senator Hirono.  You are a role model for all women.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you, Senator for all your work and speaking out as much as you did!
Thank you, senator.
You're a proper hero. Thank you.
You're an American hero. Thank you!!!!! 
It was you. Thanks from California. #DaughterOfHiloGirl
Thank you Senator you are a hero and a warrior.
So did you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you @maziehirono ! Your strength and passionate words continue to inspire us all. Stay strong! Mahalo 
Your speech was awe inspiring thank you
Thank you for your courage and determination, Senator.
Thank you for your amazing speech and leadership.
Senator - Mahalo for your strength and leadership!
You are an inspiration to #TheResistance, Senator. Thank you!!
Obama already destroyed health care. You don't care one bit bc you are exempt from Obamacare's high premiums and astronomical deductibles.
You need prayer
Thank you so much, Senator Hirono for your leadership. Great speech on the floor. Keep going!
Your eloquence carried the night.
Thank you!
Thank you for continuing to stand up for what is right even in the face of adversity. Sometimes you do win.
Thank you
YOU made sure that didn't happen. TY for being the true, courageous, admirable patriot you are, @maziehirono! Healing energy to you....
You did as well. In my eyes, you are one of the heroes that saved healthcare for us Avg Joes. Thank you! 
You are an inspiration. Thank you for your bravery.
That is a Bold Face Lie.I want the same Health Care Plan that All Members in both houses have
Beautiful speech to Congress last night. Thank you again for all you did to help defeat the trumpcare bill. You are a hero too!
Thank you for your vote!
I am not a constituent, but thank you, Senator, from the bottom of my heart. Thank you.
Great speech!   You are an inspiring person.
#WhyDoYouThink
#TheyBannedInvoluntaryServitude ?
#WillYouStandWith13Amendment ? or will you
#ForceAmericansToLaborForAnother
You did too! TY! 
SO DID YOU and we thank you. Now go get better!
Thank you, Senator, for fighting for everyone.
Thank you Senator Hirono! We stand with you!
Thank you Senator Hirono. You are a true patriot and a truly compassionate person.
Well done Senator!
@maziehirono YOU made sure it didn't happen.  
Thank you Sen Hirono for your passionate & compelling speech last night. Please keep up the fight for us. We will fight for you.
Thank you for your eloquent speech and all you do. Wishing you a speedy recovery!
Meanwhile there is still transfat in the US diet.
Thank YOU.
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
Thank you, Senator Hirono, for your remarks last night and your vote and leadership.
Thank you!!! 
Yes!!! 
