Please E-mail before 2 p.m. EST and tell this GOP-led faux committee what you think before today's hearing (see attached) TY!
Senator Hirono NEVER speaks of herself, notice? Her fighting for us while SHE is battling cancer is not just heroic but AWE-inspiring. T-YOU
Thank you for your work senator! And hope you are doing well, keep up the good fight for all of us!
Please encourage Senate to work towards a bipartisan solution to health care legislation.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Hirono! Thank you for having a big voice for Americans.
What time this I got to see
Thank you for your continued advocacy on behalf of all Americans. I'm proud to be your constituent!
Go Mazie!
Thank you Senator!!
Thank you!
Senator Hirono, I admire you so much for your strength and your care for those in your beautiful state. Thank you!
Thank You senator Hirono!
Thank you for supporting us! Our support is with you as you stand up for what's right!
thank you
Thank you!
You just want single payer.  Graham Cassidy gives the power to the states instead of the federal government having all the power.
Mahalo
Love to hear you speak Senator-give em hell!!
Mahalo!!
Thank you for your commitment to helping all have access to healthcare. Keeping you and your continued health in my thoughts and prayers.
Thank you
Thank you!
Thank you for sharing your story and for advocating for the millions of Americans that would be hurt by this cruel #GrahamCassidyBill
Thank you Senator! All our best wishes for a full recovery.
Don't stop calling. NOTHING IS OVER UNTIL SEPT. 30! GOP is still trying with all their might to kill the ACA AND MEDICAID. CALL CALL CALL
Hi good morning
The question to answer is what will the cost of healthcare coverage be following a nuclear war with NK?
Thank you , thank you, thank you ... please continue your great work on behalf of the American nation.
Thank you
Thank you Senator.
Thank you Senator from California. It is good to know we have your support.
millions don't have insurance now, something is better than nothing, 0-care is dead, stop the blame game and do your jobs
Thanks and gratitude, Senator!!
Thank you.  We need your patience, your insight, your quiet dignity.  Thank you.
Thank you. Hope you are feeling well
Thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator.
You go, Mazie! #StopGrahamCassidy
Thank you Mazie      Wonderfull to have you in congress honored

Thank you and may God Bless You senator Hirono.  Praying for improved health and healing for you.
Right..Because Obamacare is such a success story. My premiums doubled and copays tripled last year. Ask me if my paychecks doubled/tripled.

Mahalo and aloha Senator!
THANK YOU! 
Mahalo @maziehirono 
You do remember OBAMACARE right
@Glow536Haynes @SenateFinance Thank you!
Thank you Senator!
We are proud of you 
You are an American hero.
Yea bring up all if us that are being hurt by Obama care while you at it
Thank you Senator Hirono!!!
Bless you, Sister.
Please help protect us I don’t want to go bankrupt to survive cancer. We deserve a better bill and bi-partisan input. Help us please
Thank you please Save the ACA and my family
Thank you for fighting for all Americans!
Thank you for standing against this dreadful bill that would be disastrous for so many Americans.
Thank you!
Go on dear show em what you really are made of,what I have a pretty good idea ! I'm sure they will listen to U
As one of your constituents, Go Mazie Go!

How about testifying on Hillary Clinton & her band of idiots who ran a rogue server & exposed national secrets, then lied & deleted info
Thank you, ma'am, for all that you do.
TY! My girl.Our private insurance covers 60hrs/yr SLT, PT, & OT. She needs min 80+ hrs/mo! Grateful 4 Medicaid 4 disability.
#SaveMedicaid
On behalf of my grandson who is in a battle against a brain tumor, thank you 
God bless you Maxie. Your courage and strength in the face of your illness is humbling and inspirational.
Keep up the fight senator!  Thank you.
And what about those on oboma care with over $7000 deductible??
Whataboutism isn't an argument. A bill that will lead to 32M losing health insurance the issue at hand here.
Time to go to work
What a convincing argument... not.
Thank you!
Kick a## Senator (and take names-we want to know who doesn’t care about the American people).
What about the millions of hard working Americans that are being hurt by Obamacare crickets from you Senators #shamefulSenate
The whataboutism is strong in this one.
Thank you for everything, Senator Hirono.  
Thank you!!!!
Because the "MILLIONS OF AMERICANS" who have suffered under ACA ARE IRRELEVANT
I think the 32M people who stand to lose health coverage and the loss of coverage of those with pre-existing conditions is the issue bud.
Thank you!
Mahalo, Senator, for fighting for the people!
Prayers for your strength and peace in giving this testimony to protect me and millions of others.
TY Senator, and all the best wishes for complete healing.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for all of your tireless work, Senator.
You are fantastic, thank you!
Thank you, @maziehirono .
Thank you.
God bless you and grant you good health.  You are a wonderful example for women.
THANK YOU SENATOR from California
Senator Hirono is from Hawaii!  Thank you!
You're a bot and Jeanmarie is from California, dolt. You're Fired, bot.
It’s people like you who remind me that there is still hope. Thank you for your patriotism and putting country before party! 
Aggressive Systemic Mastocytosis here. I will be dead within weeks of Pennsylvania putting it into effect. I am well over cap. Please fight.
You go, girl!  We appreciate you
Thank you
