But they are the best deck chairs. Everyone is always saying how great the deckchairs are.
Comfortable? They were luxurious just as you'd expect on a Trump maritime disaster.
Thanks Senator Hirono admirered your realness 4 years!Keep up all your good works!Much appreciation!
Get Rid Fake media. All Lies. America seek the Truth. The Fact is the Democratic party is CORRUPT.
#Trumptanic going down. Yea
It's bad when the fat ass iceberg is also the captain
Love your truth!
People like you are the problem
The problem is deeper than that.
No, you're the problem for thinking he's the problem!  Are you still taking a pay check?  He isn't!  Term limits!  No political careers!!
People from Hawaii live in a state that is NOT white majority. Yeah!
Bless you, Senator! We need more like you.
I believe that the problem is the swamp that President Trump is trying to drain and make America great again.  You are at fault Senator.
If you criticize #POTUSTrump he will attack you! This is a new rule of @realDonaldTrump is'nt it? What our #Kids  learn... .
BAM!
There is a reason why people voted him in.  We are tired of the politics.  Hoping that someone with real expectations and drive can lead us.
The only driving hes doing is a golf cart. How's that working for ya?
No Mazie, the problem are you and your OBSTRUCTIONIST party members who can't get over the Democrat losses. Let's move forward not backward.
Where did you plagiarize this from "I am an Immigrant".  No original thoughts from you EVER.  Save us from the fake rhetoric

On another note. What have you done for us here in Hawai‘i? Anything?
Thank you again @maziehirono.
YOU are the problem, not President Trump.  You and Brian Schatz do not represent the people of Hawaii.  #NOTMYSENATOR
Go Mazie! Tell it like it is!
Destined for disaster...
I agree 100%
Agreed. I also note that the state of Hawaii continues to undermine political agency of kanaka maoli. No treaty of annexation = fake state 
Is it really "moral" to steal an entire nation, fill it with settlers/US military, swamp the vote, then call it the 50th state of the union?
I have great respect for the US constitution; I do not see where it allows the US congress to annex an independent nation via a joint reso
As long as the state of HI/it's reps continue to ignore this basic FACT, their own credibility is in question. Honesty requires integrity 
Tilting at windmills will get you nowhere.   12/7/41 sealed the fate of Hawaii.
No Mazie the problem is you and that you do nothing for the country.
God bless you for your leadership and your service.
So your working at half capacity and personal agenda.
Free speech, as a senator you took an oath to uphold the constitution, your comments indicate that you serve half the country's peope,
Your a senator who sounds as though you want the elected president to fail? Great example of patriotism, we the people have the right of
The problem is you.
And u have contributed what to this conversation other than agenda politics?? Same ole Liberal crap..
Going on @msnbc won't change the fact that no one knows who in the @$&! you are, @maziehirono.
Love you! Thanks for all you do. Hope you're recovering well. 
Trump&his Nazis,white supremacists, white evangelicals &Republiklans can all get the fuc* out of R country.
Dear Senator DizzyMazzie,
Who the hell are you anyway? Stupidity should also have an identity other than ur pic. Are u senator from Guam?
Your right. Feel better Senator
Caddell Bannon Mercer, Cambridge Analytica - the midwest got played.
He is devastating country with destructive backers and faithful base. Is this new movement and playbook?
Did you feel the same way when Obama invited the hate group known as black lives matter to the white house, they were killing cops.
I will never gives up on America and American!
do you think trump is everybody`s custody ? those bunch of people is not adults for chaotic ?
Yep his ship is quickly sinking !
BLA BLAB ,Not any practical things ,he need do the way you like ? sound like you are almight God ,you know everything ，no self awaerness ,
why he need please your ears and let you happy ? do you think you are only one smartest ,never say wrong things ,you are almight GOD ?
You are also a big part of the problem, Senator.
How are you doing re your kidney cancer?  Had my right kidney removed last year due to advanced stage 3 cancer.  Praying for you.
Republicans: Something something fake news something damn snowflake democrats something something monuments to slavery are great and so on.
Shame on you for continually tryingto force this protocol onWeThePeople makingthis a socialistCountry robbing our Freedom @POTUS FIGHTING IT
Forget your whining, you don't need him. Get a National Health Care plan now! Consensus with colleagues! &
Yea, ok 
The problem is alt-Left supports ANTIFA,a violent hate group that's AGAINST free speech.U Senator R on the Titanic: The Democrat Party.
Thank you so much!!!! America loves you!!
A ridiculous metaphor coming from a beastly creature! Let your Heart Go On, your party lost badly + continues to lose badly everyday!
Mazie, hateful alt-left needs to do better than shrieking about nazis & white people. #MAGA
Yes, even rats know when to jump off a sinking ship.
You do have the Power to start #Impeachment - Calling all Congress & Government Do we want a Man like #Trump running our USA to the ground?
Do you want to live oppressed lives like the Citizens of Cuba China Venezuela NKorea Russia? PresTrump Doesn't WeThePeople Don't MazieH DOES
Bot
Senator Slander was born in Japan but came to. America to call all us white people #racists. It's what #Dems. #tcot
You are so right remember. I AM AN IMMIGRANT statement.  Some constituent are starting to refer to her as LAZIE HIRONO. Had done nothing
https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/898646123459428352?s=09 …
Their careers are to end. USA Trump and we a person likeTrump no matter what we will find our Trumps for office #120mvoters and growing
President Trump's  appreciates your colorful analogy , Senator and hopes the problem at hand  is undertook by both the House and Senate
And a satisfactory solution that benefits all Americans keep the good work up.
RACIST IN CHIEF makes BLAH statement

MANY OF US SEE TRUMPY THE CLOWN FOR WHAT HE TRULY IS

#a_god_dam_racist

and he'll always be one
Make sure he gets a for life boat.
The problem is liberals.
I hope you're doing well.  We re pulling for you @maziehirono!
actually the problem is the Democratic Party. They delivered us Trump because of its corruption.
I don't remember Trump forcing the DNC to commit fraud so they could nominate a guaranteed loser against the will of the majority, they did
Dems continue to blame everyone else and avoid taking responsibility.
It's always everyone else's fault. This should be their new 2018 slogan 

You're awesome! Courageous woman!
I agree Senator Hirono
I agree Senator !
You tell em Mazie!
Uh I love you 
The problem is you @maziehirono you race baiting leftist Antifa lover
Yes, yes - remember Maxie said I am an Immigrant - so why r we listening to her
And he can't change the fact, his  ship is going to flounder.
The way I see it,your ship is sinking!
Hope you're doing well, Senator.
Senator Maxie Hirono is one powerful lady!!
Trump is begging to be removed. Proves it daily! Unfit! How much more will America have to endure before congress/house #ImpeachTrump
In your dreams race baitor
Cool story... if only we cared about Hawaii besides taking a vacation there 
You are do right but let's forgive remember Sen HIRONO stated. I AM AN IMMIGRANT. MLK must be rolling over in his grave
I have no idea what you just said 
Maxie said once regarding the Muslin vetting I AM AN IMMIGRANT almost plagiarizing Martin Luther Kings "I HAVE A DREAM". Not originality
Say it to his face and not like a coward. Or did your mouth overshoot your butt.
Yeah!!!!
Right on!!
Seems to me the Democrats are on the "Titanic." But then again, Liberals do what they do best.....Blame Someone Else.
And HIRONO is good at it but remember her words. I AM SN IMMIGRANT. Is this an excuse???
Everyday for you is anti-trump day. U are following the democrat strategy. Expect you to saying nothing but negatives.
Think about the people you represent inHawaii first u are wasting time and Iur MONEY
GREAT LINE !
love you! tell it like it is!
Agree, he needs to resign
Or that he and many others are going to jail
