Mitch should and will use the Harry Reid option the Senator just stated dems will do anything to block President Trump like Republican Obama
GOP has the World by the ball, They are as happy as pigs in shit.
Very funny
Is this Rachel's assistant
Stopping #Gorsuch simply due to a coordinated Hate-Trump strategy,is infantile and harmful to #America,#Schumer;#ConfirmGorsuch!
@MSNBC Ditch Mitch
Safe space or...

Truth hurts!

Liberals are so two faced!
The issue is Russian interference in our election and rump campaign collusion.
Everything else is diversion.
You talk with enemies FBI hears
He along with WH will  blame Obama and others until 2020, so sad, no responsibility assumed. @indivisibletxjc @IndivisibleTeam
YOU BETTER WORRY ABOUT BEING IN THE MINORITY FOR MANY YEARS TO COME INSTEAD OF YOUR STUPID CRAP YOU BRING UP!!!
No kidding that man has never shame. Mitch obstruction McConnel!
you dems are the blame for everything. Illegals, refugees, sponges all getting free stuff while Americans suffer!
They are always whining babies about everything.
If the nuclear option is exercised, it will be accomplished by the Republicans, not the Democrats.  Until then, the Dems should filibuster.
Wait until the rules are changed and the next justice is one of the liberals are replaced. 51 votes.
HIRONO IS A REAL KNOTHEAD!! STUPID - HOW DID THIS KNOTHEAD EVER GET IN THE SENATE!! READS LIKE A 5 YEAR OLD!!
Right,because dems never accept responsibilty for anything
Democrats call to 'block' Trump Supreme Court nomination Neil Gorsuch 
 http://aol.it/2kT9snw  via @AOL
your leader Harry Reid s instituted the nuclear option. You scarred to say it.
Go Mazie!  Love ya my friend...
@maziehirono  @HallieJackson  Both of you are so full of it!  LIARS! Dems are blocking afraid of their voters threats! Acting like kids!
McConnell is right!  Dems voted for Gorsuch for Federal court but are blocking him for SCOTUS.  I support Gorsuch and NOT you!
OH MY ARE UR FEELINGS HURT THIS IS UR FAULT
Crybaby ...they just can't get over it! Doesn't say much about their character or lack of one
Why can't we all get along?
No it is not uncalled for, as Reid started the whole ball rolling...
...Quite a Alinskian idea...It's OK when we do it, but it's not OK when you do it.
what now
Republicans waited over a year to fill this seat they can wait a few more months until we learn the whole truth about Russiagate.
#SusanRice
Thats our girl
Welcome to politics
One could easily discern the depth of Sen Hirono's intellect when listening to her questioning Judge Gorsuch.
lmao
Because Dems never blame anyone. Or something.
Senator McConnell is absolutely correct.  But to Dems, the truth is "uncalled for".
Especially when they blocked Garland.
I like Schiffs comment, Nuclear was McConnell refusing to consider Garland, the rest is fallout.

What the Dems are doing is uncalled for, lady.  Talk to Chuckie about that.
8 years of Liberal lies and hurt. 

I doesn't bother me one bit.
@McConnellPress Did we hear you right? Judge Merrick Garland is extraordinarily well-qualified, and you refused to give Advice and Consent?
zzz zzz zzz
I blame them to!
no. It's exactly called for. Shame on the Dems
McConnell hasn't accomplished anything but for  the GOP & NRA!!!
I guess she did not pay attention these last eight obama years
please! So very called for
At least Obama blamed fox news for all his screw ups.
why? thats all dems do is blame? take your medicine-
He's taking a page out of Bernie sanders playbook.
Ha! ha! Trump, every time they go after him he comes out clean and Obamazombies reveal thier own felony behaviour...so funny. Rice is doomed
Trump's the captain now. It's all on him.
Really the Democrats brought this up several years ago with Harry Reid and oh by the way your girl rice lied her butt off
Can't wait for the GOP vs DEMS Yo Mama Jokes!
sure is!!!!  Republicans can NEVER take responsibility for their stupid actions
What action are they not taking responsibility for?
for going "nuclear" if they do it. If it's the density fault, then it was the R's fault in 2013, but turtle face would NEVER say that.
It WAS President Obama that drew a red line in the sand
Then he chose to
Lead from behind
Nice attempt to troll but completely wrong subject.
