so who will be? curious?
What a divisive statement, when u condemn our democratically elected president u insult the people who voted 4 him because u don't like him.
rip your business. i hope you know how easy it is for one single person like me to ruin it
Make America great again!  Senator look how good our economy is doing now that a NON politician is our President.  You all have failed us.
The Truth. @maziehirono you need to speak the Truth. @maziehirono you are the problem causing division with LIES.
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
Wrong.
Bobby you sound as insightful as your white supremacy embracing orange mascot.
I agree he needs to lose the tan, but he is not racist. Is it possible an insightful answer change the way you think?
Bob why don't you call @FoxNews they are looking for @GOP supporters to come on& defend @POTUS & no takers #TrumpIsRacist #kkk #nazi #fact
Gladly but busy.  He is not a racist.  Russian narrative didn't work so left is pulling race card now.  He is trying to unify, Obama divided
Guess you missed Bannon saying White Supremacists are his people oh don't worry about #RussianCollusion Mueller is on that case.
Ok give me source on where u got Bannon saying that...and I don't think Trunp is worried nor I about Muellers' looking for a crime.
Will do when you show proof that Shitstain is not a racist
When people come forward to protest what we KNOW is wrong, they are not to blame. They are heroes. When he comes out to blame them, we must
topple him like a statue.
Why aren't you saying anything about what @MariaChappelleN said about assassinating @realDonaldTrump?
Thank you for speaking out. #impeach
Please urge the House to impeach and invoke 25th amendment. He is a Nazi sympathizer, willfully dividing the nation. Best wishes to you 
The white supremacists might exploit the recent events to propagate their heinous ideology. We need to closely watch our youth.
Your youth have already been brainwashed by alt left you are an example of it

We need a PRESIDENTIAL CTRL-ALT-DEL.
I respectfully disagree, president Trump does indeed represent all of us very well
Respectfully, Eric, he does not seem to from where I stand. He has acted solely in his interests alone.
This Trump derangement syndrome is truly shocking, Donald did not have to take this job, Donald J Trump ran for president to serve.  #truth

And it is clear U DON'T SERVER the people of Hawaii.  A waste of our money
About as clear as Mud, Senator! You stir the pot to our own demise! #TrumpTrain is here to stay!

Can you say with a straight face that Barack Obama served all Americans & brought us together? He was a hard-left divisive ideologue!
What can we do as a state to stop the tolerance of White Supremacy by the Trump Administration?
I didn't hear your condemnation? Easy to sling accusations at our president. What more do you need to hear?
Where was your outrage of the violence at Berkley? Where is your condemnation of Clinton's support of Senator Byrd?
impeach trump&pence. NOW
You would find fault no matter what President Trump said. If he said the sky was blue or the earth was round, you'd find fault.  Disgraceful
So right!
True, unfortunately.
he has sold his soul to White Supremist.
Your paradigm is to fracture Americans, and try to pick up as many pieces as you can.  Unity is not your endgame, re-election seems to be.
The President is helping Americans who want to
 make something of themselves.  You are just placating lazy Americans with their hands out.
does he serve ANY Americans other than his kin?
His kin and American Nazis.
Please save this country!!! Impeach him! Impeach him!
And you think obama or Hillary would serve all Americans?? Quests again.
It's clear you do not serve all of Hawaii.  So disgusted with all Hawaii reps.
You're a pathetic representative you need some lessons in real history
Bringing together? What have you done to bring us together? Resist, obstruct and nothing else but play petty partisan politics. Some leader
It's clear this Senator doesn't serve all Hawaiians. Bringing our state together will be up to each of us. She will be no help.
Are you too promoting this protocol? Shame on you!!! @POTUS + then anyone wants to Unite & Serve We The People. We Support @POTUS
#ImpeachTrump
You're the one who is no help!  Stop spreading LIES!
You're insane, he's great!
It's clear you #democrats support violence fascist groups when it's your party in charge. Obama has #BLM infest the #WhiteHouse.
It's clear that you like division, segregation....and antifa. Your comment is unamerican. 
She is on team Soros. It's all planned
@maziehirono It's start with you as senators to impeach @POTUS . You're the voice of America. America is with you
No America is not!

President is doing great!
Hope ur health is improving Senator.  You are an angel on earth. And you are so loved.

Good luck
Aloha, Senator! Thank you (again) for speaking out! 
It's clear that the President missed his morning meds.. in the words of Comy.. Lordy!!
Not when he is the leader of the alt right, white supremacists and nephew Nazi 's, forgot the KKK .
It's clear that you don't seve all the people of Hawaii with your hateful rhetoric.
Yeah, let's pretent white supremacy is a bigger threat than Islamic terrorism.
Idiots.
Thank you, Senator Hirono.
Thank you for standing up to the white supremacist in the white house. #Charlottesville #ImpeachTrump
Who elected @realDonaldTrump the shithead in chief?
convince the house to impeach. 25th amendment now.
He hasn't broken the law!
Make America Great Again 
Denounce Trump on the Senate floor. Immediately.
Now is the time to come to the aid of your country. #ImpeachTrump "Both Sides" #kremlinklan #russiagate #Emoluments #resist #Lockthemup
He hasn't broken the law!

He's doing great!
Do something get rid of him A president of United States is terrorizing the citizens of the country & nothing can be done what democracy
Hahahaha
 
He puts the majority of Americans at risk of bodily injury and the country at risk of economic risk. He is unfit. He is destructive.
He will be no help but congress continues 2 allow him 2 hurt after 2day The last of his supporters are Nazis He wants Nazi leaning policy
I don’t think you can fine evidence @realDonaldTrump serves ANY AMERICAN. Doubt he feels indebted to his voters and only wants their awe!
He's doing great!
Thank you Sen Hirono for your strong and honorable leadership. 
No one wants what's Best for USA then President Trump. WAKE UP AMERICA Read the Protocol that was being forced on us before @POTUS
