@All100Senators He follows the letter of the Law. If the Law favors Corporations, your job is to fix that. Not his.
Roe v. Wade is law. He refused to say he would defend and uphold it. Trump's Judge.
praying he is confirmed and overturns evil roe v wade
did you pray for PresidentPussyGrabber to win as well?
yes them money grabbing women would let you didn't you hear him say they let you. When you are a star you can do anything
women he moved on like a bitch asked for it. U heard him say he just goes for it, doesn't even wait.u support sexual assault
Yeah right I am a woman and I support it. You just can't get past the bull crap he was spouting. Is that all that bothers you
not to bright there Senator.
Not too bright there Buffalo Bill
.. How original.
@SenateDems So when you Dem. Senators obstruct everything is that ok?
lol! That's EXACTLY what Repubs did for 8 yrs! B4 Obama took office Mitchy said the R's will obstruct
obama did what he wanted and no one stopped him
&how is that any different from
#DJT? YOU are obvi Promoting
Disarray in America...
#Trumpit
#RussianBot
If ONE Senate Democrat votes for the rightwing Gorsuch, I'm pulling my support. That seat should be Mr. Garland's.
um no.  Dems made rule no judge to be approved in last year of outgoing president.  Deal with it... or cry
why are you considering Gorsuch's merits? His merits are irrelevant. There must not be a vote on this stolen seat. Be strong!
Elections have consequences. Barry said so. You lost the Senate in '14. You don't get to choose.
no.
Uh yeah. They're the rules. Deal with it.
You want the largest corporation on the planet, the state, to control every aspect of daily life. You are a radical marxist.
Oh bullshit!
@SenateDems how about your DMS actions all putting your personal interests Power,Money,Agenda before we the people ?
I'm for BLOCKING any candidate to SCOTUS until the investigations into Russian interference in our election are completed!!
I'm from blocking her out in the next election.
Absolutely, Gorsuch would affirm that we are not a Nation of Citizens, but a Conglomerate of Powerful Corporations 2B Protected
please leave this hearing the Democrats need to take a stand.
that woman is so wrong a true honest judge
he is just what trump & the republicans want. I'm sorry that the Dem's are even going along after what they did to Obama's pick
move to Mexico
you move to hell oh yeah we already there with that clown you put in the Oval Office. Grow up !
have a fun 8 years lefty
Thank you Senator Hirono for holding Supreme Court Nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch's feet to the fire. He is NOT for the people.
@MicMej231997 Of course they do. It is almost completely impossible, at a root level, for a republican to be a good person
@SenateDems we need to put people first, corporations second.  Politicians are there to represent us and no one else.
I watched 2 days & you persisted in seeking answers. Mahalo, Senator. So proud.
@SenateDems Nonsense comment. @TheDemocrats helped pass the laws that decided cases. Can't have your cake and eat it too.
You have no idea what you're talking about.  How did u get elected?
you are disrespectful and need to learn why
Law and Constitution first.  Congress is for changing the Constitution and law.  Not the court.
.@maziehirono #NOGorsuchVote until AFTER #FBIcriminalinvestigation & #independentcommission is complete and findings made public. #SHUTdown
take a hike lady! u r sure not a senator!
@SenateDems So does his rulings insult your ideology or the actual Constitution. Dem playbook on display. Activists only.
Filibuster. The seat belongs to someone else.
@SenateDems Why r Ds giving ANY legitimacy t the Gorsuch C Hearings? WALK OUT!  Not one D sh vote for him til the FBI finishes.
Finishes what? No evidence, open investigation just like Clinton emails. They keep them open.
PLENTY of evidence that dt works for Putin. That's y the FBI inv. Didn't know? What planet?
GOP -- Gang of Putin's. dt & pals shameless traitors. Disgusting.
You clearly are not willing to make a bipartisan decision for ALL Americans .. You are all about being for Democrats ONLY Shame
@SenateDems that all ya got snowflake? Fool.
@PoliticalAnt he represents misogyny, as anti women as they get and son of corrupt Anne Gorsuch no thanks
I sure hope you lose your seat in 2018. You are an example of why #TermLimits are desperately needed. #VoteHerOut Hawaii!
your smirk during scouts, wow like ur words matter. Wait... They do 2020. How bout u get ur heroine addicts and low income help
@jilltokuda Gorsch was impressive and prepared and eloquent. Confirm him NOW
you were on fire tonight. Burn him up tomorrow too. I'm ashamed of my rep (Tillis) and wish he had the gusto to stand against.
on fire?  Good thing u have so much to tell us about, wait mm OK see MSNBC 4 ur reality code word: snowflake
you are not fitted to be a senator!
@SenateDems no he puts the law before his personal views.  That's kinda what he's supposed to do back bencher

Nxt.?;CORPORATIONS AREN'TcitizensBECAUSEtheyCAN'Tbe imprisoned;i.e. San Bruno pipeline fire @PGE4Me ,which now has RATE PAYERS PAYINGtheFINE
Bologna lady! Judges job is to apply the laws EQUALLY! Not make them up! If you don't get that you have no business in Senate!
The way you have made him bow to you? Have people smear @POTUS to be confirmed? Clearly many under diress.
- cont - the only Democrat asking this same question or very close variations of it. So far,he is unable to answer.
- cont - can not answer these questions directly. At least from what I've seen from todays hearing. You were not...
Touchet!
I loved your questioning - it was articulate, factual and very necessary. It is very un-nerving that this candidate
if you vote for Gorsuch you should be voted out office and that goes for any democrat that votes for Gorsuch!
please walk out from the hearing. He should not be confirmed
there in no judge the GOP would prop up that would not keep in lock step. they take secret oath no conscience
Pathetic partisan politics.
This is as big as a lie as Hawaiian people aren't on drugs or building walls to protect their specific interest.
@SenateDems No hearing until Trimp's Russian connections are complete! #ImpeachTrump #StolenPresidency
Fight or just make America work. Be very careful what you ask for
Well done today! You were relentless for the people!
What people do you speak off
Where does Art 3 suggest that the SC should lean towards the individual over corporations. That's not JUSTICE! @maziehirono @SenateDems
@SenateDems Walk and vote in someone else. Collin  Powell ex..
Yes he does. You have no idea what she wanted him to say do you. He isn't allowed to talk about cases that may hit his desk stupid
Gorsuch is not about to change his views, he may obfuscate his position.  Block him, revisit in a year or 10.
He can't have a view on the dumb ban.
#CitizensUnited has damaged our democracy 
we must take action to get money out of our campaigns/elections
It's all about money so start shelling it out
if do you not like the rulings, then change the laws. The purpose of #SCOTUS is to follow the letter of law, not correct one.
Ask his opinion on Senate refusal 2 advise/consent on Garland nom. If Senate ran afoul of Const. why be party to it?YBAnominee?
elections have consequences
this is offensive.
Thank you for your service and that of all Hawaii legislators. So proud to live in Hawaii! #morethanparadise
I liked your questioning. Thank you.
There is something very wrong with this nominee.
Not so!!!!!!! False statement!!!!
Watched the whole thing.Did you miss the cases where he supported the little guy. You came up with a big 0!
you some how managed to make @alfranken look like a legal scholar 
Senator @maziehirono is extremely ignorant.  You didn't ask one question to Gorsuch about corporations or anything related.  You're a joke.
this is a distraction to the real issue FBI investigation and the outgoing Prez slow your roll down no need to vote
Nop. You are making it up will you apologize to everyone when you find out the truth
you seriously asked if the Judge has challenged sincerely held beliefs based on science. Unfit to be a Senator.
Do you drink before speaking?
You are a joke.
just say no
