Your crazy. Sheriff Joe is a good man!
https://twitter.com/phoenixnewtimes/status/901263384087334914 … Take a moment and read this thread. The sheriff is not a good man in the least.
We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
Just because the news prints it, doesn't mean it's true. They are full of lies......I know a man that knows him personally.
Okay then ... so 20 years of coverage is all lies. Gotcha. And so what about your "I know a man who knows him"? Still makes him criminal
They seem to want to keep the public in an uproar and divided about everything.....just saying
Sure ... they'll report over 20 years of coverage just to keep us divided about everything. Bullshit
You have to the right to your opinion, this is American! Just like these liberal cry babies wanting all these monuments tore down....
Now you're deflecting. This has nothing to do with monuments. This is about a criminal and Trump not even following established procedure
How hypocritical can you be senator --->
Obama Pardons 2016 List By State: Drug Dealers, Gun Offenders http://heavy.com/news/2016/12/obama-pardons-2016-prisoners-criminals-by-state-list-race-clemency-crimes-commutations-sentence-reduction/ … via @heavysan
Difference is that Obama followed the process with the DOJ's pardons. Trump did not and issued the pardon solely himself.
And most of Obama's pardons for drug offenses were to realign the time served with the new federal minimum sentencing guidelines.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio is not a racist, he is a noble law enforcement officer please check you hate rhetoric #CQRF
But abusing the law is breaking the law
Saving money feeding prisoners bologna sandwiches was genius so is hard labor for prisoners.  The sheriff had discretion carrying out duty
Im Mexican American can you tell me why people of my color always mention on tv ? How come other races are never mention?  Enough is enough
I would say the leftists are the true racists as they attempt to keep people in voting blocks based upon race.  Individuals hold other views
How is that exactly? An 85 year old man who never before committed a crime. What about this guess that was just fine.
I'll take a non violent drug offender over a corrupt public servant who willfully disobeyed court orders & maliciously hurt ppl in his care
Yup you would
No worries brah, I get plenty of aloha for you too. Take care.
Get a life....
You are more racist than he
For. ALL. You. People. Who. Don't.  ABOUT. THE. BOOK. OF. Revelation.  
The. Last. BOOK. Of.  Bible. Read. Read 

R
I been say all along impeachment ?  Hes not American because we Americans dont act like this
How can someone be found guilty for following the law!!!!
Theres a difference about following the law but abusing it its breaking the law
Aloha
Exactly! But he doesn't see it that way,  maybe bc he's incapable of thinking or he's just an idiot.
GET YOUR FACTS STRAIGHT.
You mean obama's racists rants ?
#45 pardoning Arpaio is his way of saying the law does NOT apply to him or his "friends"

#45 talks about being tough on law...Q IS FOR WHO?
American Patriots
You lost the election. Get over it. He is doing exactly what he campaigned for.  America has spoken. There's more to USA than the big cities
Yale's top PSYCHIATRY experts opionion on Trump is that he is mentally unfit to hold office and other experts agree so why is he in office?
I worked 8 years in mental hospital. President Trump looks and acts nothing like a person with mental illness.
You need new glasses than because take a closer look because your eyes are deceiving you along with Trump.
Ridiculous
He should have never been charged for enforcing our laws
He may do more than any other president to disempower the exec branch.
Where is your proof that the POTUS is a racist just because he says things you and your fellow liberals don't like doesn't make him a racist
Arpaio was a good law man.  HeDIDmuch toCORRECT a DIFFICULTsituationANDbroughtORDERtoIT. YOUneedTo doSOMEhomeworkMAZIE

Wrong move jerk
I agree
Go back and research OBAMAS PARDONS!! You are ignorant
Pure hate,unfit 2 lead our great nation
@AIP_1954 @realDonaldTrump He can't deny his racism. Republicans have to move as one and remove him.
Worse, Obstruction of Justice when he sent message to those subpoenaed by Mueller they should not cooperate because he will pardon them.
Hi Ro No, good girl now.
You are full of it!
Please do something.
if the people only knew  George Bush: The Unauthorized Biography http://tarpley.net/online-books/george-bush-the-unauthorized-biography/ …
Amen!
How do you feel about the commutation of @xychelsea sentence by President Obama, Senator?
Oh, is Chelsea Manning a racist or white supremacist, cupcake?
Aww. I love when you call me cupcake, sweetheart.
Do try to stick to the point and not wander off into whataboutism.
Your president, Obama, started the fire.
Right. Obama started racism and white supremacy.

Suuuuuuuuuuure.
He let more criminals and prisoners of war out of jail than any US President in history.
Sen Hirono tweeted about words & actions that empower racists & white supremacists. Your pathetic whataboutism is badly misplaced here.
So do something about it Senator. Help impeach.
Abuse of the pardon power is grounds for impeachment...please help and take action!
What do you propose to DO given this arrogance & total disregard for humanity, lack of decency, failure to protect those in his care.
Let them come live with you and you can treat time exactly the way they should be treated
And move us further toward dictatorship. A tyrant pardons a tyrant. Congress' leaders too weak to reign the tyrant in. Perfect storm.
Oh really? So BO's pardons then empowers terrorists?
He also empowering the military industial complex by talking about using nukes and policing the world, or stealing resources

Because @realDonaldTrump is a racist. Why is anyone actually surprised by his actions. It is par for the course with him.
Or protects those that uphold the law, maybe? Get over it dems. Obama pardoning Manning, a traitor, didn't bother you.
They are not the same situations. Manning was speaking out about the military and there wrong doings. Arpaio was abusing his postion.
I have to say this: If Barack Obama's commutation of Bradley Manning's sentence didn't bother you, shut your pie hole about Joe Arpaio.
I don't think people can see your tweets since you're private. Only folks you're friends with can see them.
Rofl....trying to connect things that are utterly unrelated.  So tired of the Dem play book driving division for power
Not sure the arpaio received due process given his request for jury trial was rejected
Pardoning Arpaio is the latest instance of his real underlying campaign slogan, "Make America White Again". He underlines it daily.
Trump needs to be removed from office-now!

Impeach!
Senator, what are you going to do about it? America needs the Senate and the House to ACT to get this man out of office before it's too late
He is setting the stage to pardon his whole criminal family as investigation moves to subpoena phase. This is un-American. Stop him!
Dont focus on racism! it's how he destroys protocols & operates to edge of law. The endgame is where laws, not protocols, limit the POTUS.
Did you say that about your man Obama??
Really?
Mazie! Please just be quiet! No one cares what u have 2 say!
He obeyed the law was Pres. Obama would not. That is a patriot. I am not a racist just because I believe we should have secure borders.
Yes you are
I lived in Hawaii for a couple years. Sorry to say it wasn't the most welcoming and inclusive state I have lived.
Mel Brooks used the line in his movie, but donald trump thinks it's about him... "it's good to be the king"
We can take small solace in the fact he can never hold public office again and harm others. The Buffoon in Chief just showed his true colors
DO SOMETHING!
Hoping that something can be done for this atrocity
strip him of his pardoning powers, he's just sent Mueller a message about what he plans on doing w/ those gangsters he's investigating.
Thank you Senator. I hope you are feeling ok. 
Obama pardoned the traitor Manning. Clinton pardoned the PR terrorists.
Racist actions of trump is a slap in the face to American values. Negating courts' rulings empowers racists, creates tension, harms America.
My theory, for what it's worth? Bannon and Gorka left bc Trump's going to resign soon. Kelly was placed there to ensure smooth transition.
The racism card has worked so well.
Lots of trolls here, but it is ok. You represent our state well Senator. Mahalo nui for all you do! Please take care of yourself.  for you!
Mahalo Mazie keep persisting!
Arpaio is a lunatic birther! He used AZ taxpayer $ to send a henchman here to "investigate" President Obama's birth certificate.  unreal
We need to talk. You are above this type of dialogue. You are the most respected HI politician. We don't need to fuel racism & you know it
It's ALSO the latest example of how he has NO RESPECT for the CONSTITUTION -- no surprise since he's IGNORED IT from Day ONE 
#TRAITOR
Bit it's ok for Obama to pardon rapist and traitors? Smh!
DT = grand dragon of the KKK
What a steaming load of crap.
Those who went to school in Goodyear, AZ from Hawai'i, Filipino, Pacific Islanders were profiled daily.  This is part of Maricopa!
Amen to that
He is like a frustrated boxer, can't hit the opponent on the head or torso so he hits below the belt; legislative failures so empower racist
Enforcing illegal immigration is racist? STOPGRAND STANDING someone should take away you and Colleen's twitter
The GOP in Cong.are sending a loud msg to business that they can no longer rely on the US as a good place for investment.
I really hate to be agreeing more and more with Senate Democrats.
Stop your on hate before you point your finger
PLEASE, DO SOMETHING ABOUT HIM!
Check the mirror. You will see the face of a fool supporting the racist Dem Party which gave birth to the KKK and supported Jim Crow laws
Typical Pathetic Democratic Moron reposting her orders from Maxine Waters!
Seriously! i know this man personally! He is a murderer and instructs his officers to follow and abuse, kill if necessary any brn people!
When will senators take any action ? How can you allow this ???
Awful;
Liar
yes, among many other things Arpaio is indeed a liar....CONVICTED FELON
Let them feel empowered. Let the snake show its head so it can be chopped off for good.
Agree, but Trump chose today to do that horrid deed for other reasons, so we'd talk about it!
Just stop those absurd labels....Stop name calling...shame on you...
We need to DO something! Gets worse everyday bc there's no checks and balances! #RIPdemocracy #RIPjustice #WriteThe28th
Take care of your constituents when they're not struggling or homeless  then speak
#ImpeachTrump is unfit, unstable, mentally ill, delusional, sick, pathological liar & must b #Impeached asap
He also told Flynn, Manafort, etc it's okay to ignore GJ subpeonas. He will pardon the contempt. Ref- @tribelaw
You don't understand anything... do you...
This is BS! Your leftist groups do more damage than a sheriff enforcing the law!
Please do something to stop this madness!
This @realDonaldTrump
Tell it!  :)
All you do is spew hate, mz junior senator. Go retire!
please point out the "hate" she spewed in this tweet
Well Senator time to take action against this danger.. Denouncing this moron no longer is sufficient
I don't think they're going to listen.
Thank you Senator. What can we do to help you remove @realDonaldTrump from office?
And Prince Obama let criminals free???? You are a racist and hold double standards!
My Lord 
Arpaio enforced USA LAW keeping Illegal Aliens Out PROTECTING USA Citizens. SHAME ON YOU on passing on  ENEMY PROPAGANDA. You Don't USA.
Do something this is all on congress and the senate now you must save the country
Your impotent rage is so satisfying!
What race? What color? http://www.hispanicresearch.com/index.php/hispanic-market-data/faq/87-why-doesnt-the-census-include-hispanic-as-a-race …
Or support law and order.
Scary!
@voniaburrell97  He's Putting Hate in our Face Every day!! He's unfit we all know why can't We The People File Charges on Trump!!
@maziehirono have u talked to ur republican colleagues???
Trump is an absolute disgrace.
SOS LEAVE THE COUNTRY
Hahahahahaha
Thank you senator. I keep a constant kind thought for you.
"I keep a constant kind thought for you." Beautiful  
She is a beautiful, gentle shero. In spite of great personal challenges, she works so hard for justice,equality &fairness for all.
Exactly..I think Trump is starting to warm up the ink to start issuing Pardons for everyone under the Russia Investigation!
WHY DON'T YOU WORRY ABOUT AMERICANS TRAINING THEIR H1B GOV'T ISSUED FOREIGN REPLACEMENTS SENATOR INSTEAD OF CRYING OVER A PARDON !!!!!!!!!!!
Paging @JeffFlake this is what a real rebuke looks like.
And tweeting about Harvey here is Texas is a fucking cover up... two giant storms two nightmares and can it get worse?
trump is becoming more erratic daily!
It's really sad to push the racism narrative. Truth be told, there are elements of racism on both sides and they know who they are.
Mmm hmmmm. Both sides do it so it's ok. Got it. And who are 'both sides'? This is abt the pardon of a cruel racist sheriff who abused power.
Manafort and Flynn feeling better about their own future convictions...
My first thouhgt
Forgot sexist
Speaking truth to power! Thank you!
Oh my lord. Wow you're a crazy liberal with mental issues.
“@maziehirono: Pardoning Arpaio is the latest instance of how @realDonaldTrump's words and actions empower racists and white supremacists.”
Keep fighting.
That is because he is a racist.
Klansman protect other klansman, period!
One crook to another! They want Hillary in Jail for some stupid e mail server bullshit but let a corrupt cop get what he deserves? Oh NO!
I will need to do my own research...as you are not trustworthy. Only believing what I See.
In the words of the sagacious @KurtSchlichter, then "Obama's pardon of Manning empowers traitors"
Im so tired of brainwashed people saying that people who tell of our government for the things they do are wrong.
Keep fighting Senator.  You speak for all of us! 
No she doesn't,  she speaks for the whiners.
Mahalo Senator!
