I'll be back ASAP to keep up the fight against #Trumpcare. The stakes are too high to stay silent & we need you to continue speaking out.
Best wishes to a selfless crusader!
Are you on Obama Care or were you exempted? For your health, I hope you were exempted.
Prayers for success.

@womensmarch Where was her STANDING O for resisting #ACARepeal? Best wishes to a fearless leader. @physicianwomen @SenJohnMcCain @benwikler
Get rid of #Obamacare and start from scratch. Show America you care. Let's start over again. We  can do this..  God speed! @maziehirono
Best wishes and prayers. And speedy recovery.
Think you mean Ryancare.
Sorry to hear that Sarah.
Best of luck on both counts senator
You are amazing!  Keep fighting on all fronts and take care of YOU!
Thank you for your service to our state and country. We sending warm thoughts and wishes for healing and recovery.
I don't agree with your views, your politics or your morals. However, I wish you a full and speedy recovery
Praying for you Senator. Sending good thoughts.
I remember when Hawaii was a proud sovereign country.  Now you would have them waiting on handouts from the mainland.
Hope all goes well.
Good luck Senator 
Are you on obamacare? Oh wait,thats right its sooo good for everyone that the congress and senate kept themselves off it
All the very best Senator. Grateful to have you on the Judiciary Committee. Wishing you a successful surgery & a complete & speedy recovery!
Good luck and speedy recovery, Senator. We all need you!
Speedy recovery, and so much gratitude, Senator!
God's speed.
White light to you sister! Thank you for your strength!
Be well
Prayers have been being sent to you constantly while we fight on!!
Mazie i will be praying for you 
God Bless and good luck.
The best of good luck & blessings to you my dear!  We are with you in heart & thoughts!
Here's to a quick and full recovery.
#LikeAGirl
Good luck. Be back soon so you can kick their asses.
God be with you.  Prayers and hugs coming your way. Good luck.. And, THANK YOU.!!
Please try Rick Simpson Oil if you can do it off radar so people don't try to judge you for saving your own life.
Wishing you a speedy recovery from your surgery! 
So proud that at such a time as this that the quality of the Democratic Women Senator!
Peace be with your soul. May your surgeon & operating staff be wise & gifted.
I will be praying for you.
Wishing you the best and the power of science and caring.
You have a big heart and showing the courage to be a leader. My prayers are with you.
You are amazing! Thank you! 
Best of luck and please keep opposing.
Best of luck and will say a prayer for you!
My prayers go out to you as you go through your treatment. 
Best wishes to you, speedy recovery
Stay strong
Best of luck with your surgery & I hope this version of Trumpcare goes down in flames. I am a Trump supporter 99% of the time.
Always remember #CBOSCORE #CBOReport is public information & freely available,I have American family so I care deeply for truth tho I am CDN
The only thing wrong with CBO reports is that they can only report on the facts they are given&they are seldom if ever given ALL the facts!
Good luck and prayers for you
Thank you Senator Hirono.  Best wishes and a speedy recovery.  We  you.
Thank you for your service, Senator.  Blessings to you tomorrow.
Best of luck to you!
Best wishes 
Best of luck tomorrow. I admire you so much and am praying for your speedy recovery.
Thoughts, prayers and healing energy to you in your health quest.  Keep the faith.
Best wishes for a speedy recovery!
Best of luck to you
Wishing you a speedy recovery! Keep fighting.
My prayers our with u for a speedy recovery!!!

Prayers to you for tomorrow. Thank you for your service.  Wishing you a speedy recovery to keep up this fight.
Sending you thoughts and prayers. Bless you. Aloha.
I found out on my 17th birthday now 51 and still enjoying life be strong again good luck
Good luck with your surgery tomorrow. The key to beating cancer is faith in God keep healthy physically and do what every you fill like 
Best wishes for a speedy, full recovery!
Good luck.
Lots of hugs to you! Hope you kick cancer's butt!
Best of luck senator. And bless you.
Good luck with your surgery!
In my politically incorrectness, God bless and I hope everything works out for the best.
Speedy Recovery! Your strength is inspiring 
I  for a full recovery for you!
Good Luck Senatur Hirono-we are all sending our good vibes & prayers your way because we are stronger together
Get well soon. Thanks for being strong.
Safe Home...
Best wishes for successful surgery & quick recovery.  Thank you for fighting against the inhumane tRumpcare
You are in our thoughts and prayers!!
Hope you have a speedy recovery, Senator Hirono! 
Best wishes to you and good health
So proud of you! We are with you in spirit! Sending love and strength!
Will be thinking of you!
Wishing you courage and good health.
Good luck praying for you
God be with you and your surgeons and your family. Hopes for a speedy and complete recovery. You are so needed in the senate by us
Thank you.
Be well! You are the hero, we are in search of.
Best of luck, and thank you for fighting.
Best wishes, God Bless!!
Best wishes for a smooth procedure and quick recovery, Senator! Thank you for standing up for us all! #leadership
Best wishes
Best wishes, senator, may your operation be easy and boring, with a speedy recovery.
Prayers with you!
Wishing you the very best, Senator Hirono!
God Speed.
Positive thoughts coming your way, Senator.
Well aren't you special.
I hope your surgery went well and you have a swift and full recovery! Thank you for standing against TrumpCare.
Best wishes for good health to an inspiring senator and survivor!
Sending healing thoughts & a hug.
sending you best wishes and prayers, courageous woman
Thank you, Senator, for standing for the rights of Americans whose lives ACA saved. You're a hero! Wishing you a speedy and full recovery!
Bravo-Zulu Senator and "Thanks for Your Service" And relax it's just "warranty work."   Regards Mike Clarke.
Senator Hirono...i will send positive & loving thoughts ur way. I think u are very special and I jus know uve touched many lives! 
I am so sure that you are going to pay the #Obamacare deductibles, right? Oh snap! That law doesn't apply to you. #hypocrite
Thank you for your courage and persistence, Senator Hirono. Wishing you swift recovery and remission.
Wishing you all the best!
Thank you Maize
Good luck tomorrow@maziehirono#gratitudeforallyoudo
I send you love prayer and Hope godspeed get well
Sending lots of prayers for you! @SenateDems
Prayers and Blessings to you.
Best Wishes and Prayers, Senator!!!
Thank you and good luck!
Fight on chick!
Stay strong Sen Hirono. Get well soon.
I hope your surgery went well and you're resting up for big congressional fights to come. Stay and take care of YOU.  We need you
Wishing you a speedy recovery and restored wellbeing.
Sending positive thoughts
Good luck with your surgery thank yo for your service
Wishing you a safe surgery and a quick, full recovery.
Our prayers are with you
Thank you Senator Hirono for fighting to stop AHCA. We wish you all the best & a speedy recovery. Ke Akua pu a hui hou! 
Praying for your healing 
Our thoughts and blessings are with you, Senator Hirono!
Our prayers are with you and keep fighting the cancer as hard as you've been fighting for all of us.
Best wishes for a speedy recovery... Don't forget that ice cream is a food group!
Prayers to you Senator.  Wishing you a speedy and complete recovery.
Get well soon!
Godspeed.
get well soon!!!
Be well soon & thank you. 
Prayers for you...
All our support and prayers for you Senator Hirono!
May God bless and keep you, and cause His Face to shine upon you, and give you peace.  I hope you recover well and quickly!
You are my hero! God bless you and continue to give you strength! Much aloha!
Prayers being sent. God bless you! Stay strong!!
ty. and all best wishes for a successful surgery.
Wishing you a speedy recovery and complete healing.  You are a warrior for the people of the US
Good lucks Senator! I will pray for you.
Thank you!!!Thinking of you!!
Thoughts, prayers & love being sent ur way from up here in Canada 
Just put the mask on yourself, eventually! @AttorneyHerman
2. created! Why dont you give up the health care WE AS AMERICANS give u and get on the wonderful obama care? I dont want to hear about ur
Good luck and thanks for fighting for "We the People". Prayers your way!
Our hearts are with you Senator Hirono. Speedy recovery.
@AntiApathy @SenateDems My thoughts and prayers to you.  I hope you have  a speedy recovery.
Good thoughts & prayers for successful surgery #BeatCancer
Best wishes for a speedy recovery, Senator.
Sending positive thoughts your way Mazie! You've got this. Go kick cancers ass then Trumpcare you're up!
Sending prayers
Bless you.  May all be well.
@maziehirono You're a fighter and a class act.  Best wishes for good health and keep up the good work!
Prayers
Blessings and good wishes for a successful procedure and a full recovery!
God bless you and take care of you.
Best wishes to you.
We need our Senators to vote REGARDLESS of Party! OBAMA said his bill can use some improvement! Trump wants to replace bcs of HIS EGO!!!
TRUMP IS THE BIGGEST LIAR OF THE CENTURY! IN CAMPAIGN HE SAID HE WOULDN'T MESS WITH MEDICAID AND MEDICARE! ALL HE CARES ABOUT IS TAX CUTS!
It's pretty bad when people stop caring about each other ESPECIALLY when it's senators and the President!I thought my country cared!!
Just had my 1.5 year checkup.  Remain strong, get a good support team and stay positive.  We are hope.
Best of luck and prayers for you
Thank you! Hope you have a quick and full recovery!
Prayers !!!!
Best of luck, and thank you for your work!
Stay Strong!
Wishing you a speedy recovery. Thanks for fighting for everyone's health.
Prayers for your health.
God bless you and thanks!

You are a beast ma'am! Thank you!!!
I will be praying for your speedy recovery.
Prayers your way.
Best wishes Senator Hirono.
just curious if this is via normal aca/obamacare or the special politican plans? @SenateDems
Good luck!
Blessings 
Prayers for your recovery
Good luck. Hope it goes well
All the best to you! Get well soon.
Blessings
You are in our prayers.
We are so proud of you, here in Hawai'i! We are sending you our Aloha!
Wishing you the very best of luck with both of those,with much love from London.
Including this Londoner, Senator. God bless.
#GetWellSoon 
You go girl, good luck!
Thinking of you. Prayers for successful surgery and fast recovery. 
Thots and prayers with you
May a speedy recovery come your way.
Good luck
Prayers! Best of luck to you
May GOD continue to bless and keep you as you go on your journey
Best wishes for a smooth successful surgery. Thank you for all your work.
Mazie, sending you much love from your fans in Hilo! 
Best wishes for a successful surgery and speedy recovery!!!
Please get well soon.
Thank you. All best wishes for a speedy recovery
Good luck Mazie....
