PLEASE READ #DworkinReport    Evidence based research connects Trump to Putin.  Trump paid to ease sanctions on Russia.
as a RI voter, I thoroughly expect you 2 support the President as elected by the people of the USA.
Thank you for cosponsoring S.66. Extremely important for disabled Veterans.  Strongly urge other members to cosponsor S.66
Bonehead Trump can't read! You will soon be voted out. See if Trump's cabinet pick will support you. You stink.
Disgusting Senator, where was your outrage when Obama gave Iran 150B? Russian connection to our Uranium? LIAR
in your letter to @realDonaldTrump you write "We are gay and straight... female and male..." - question : and if we are not ?
REVEALED: Dem Senator Criticizing Trump Nominee Is A Total Hypocrite  http://dailycaller.com/2017/01/06/revealed-dem-senator-bashing-betsy-devos-had-no-problem-personally-profiting-from-charter-schools/ … @SenWhitehouse #DNCLeaks #DemExit #MAGA
Sad that you only will work with President of he agrees with you. You lost. Obama said elections have consequences. I agree.
just curious, what do you say about the Obama's costing Americans over $96 million in travel expenses over eight yrs?
Hillary  won popular vote w/ known 3 million illegal alien votes. Back those fraudulent votes out - Trump wins!
Fake News #realnews
what a wonderful explanation of how we all feel.  Pleas @POTUS please LISTEN!!  Don't speak... Listen
Watching on you the Senate floor right now - you are awe inspiring! Thank  you for fighting. Pruitt not fit. #Whitehouse
@AnnabellSciorra @Medium how is this guy a senator?
…http://internacionalsatelitenoticias.blogspot.com.es/2017/02/the-prince-of-al-qaeda-in-yemen-qasim.html …
I am from NY, but you are my hero!
Eric Holder was a terrible AG. Ex #Fast&FuriousScheme #electionsHaveConsequences & Sessions will go through & be a better AG
My son went to a charter school in Providence
Public school failed my son 
Charter school picked him up & saved him
TY Senator for your powerful statement! PVD will continue to be with you on equity, inclusion & climate change! #OnePVD
WELL SAID!
Thank you for your beautiful, profound and meaningful voice in this dark era.
Senator, do not approve any EPA director that would not care for the environment as you would
Biafra in hell genocide on in Nigeria Islam president Buhari&Satanic British Bribe UN to keep silent for Biafran freedom
Saw your CNN interview and just wanted to say thank you for being forthright with American people
Just read this letter.  Excellent!
thank you for you floor rebuttal tonight amazing speech
crying   wah wah wah stop the nonsense confirm confirm confirm!
Democrats are sick of what is going on in DC and across America. fear is what you deal in. we are not buying it. @SenWhitehouse @Medium
where was your open letter to Obama ? @SenWhitehouse @Medium
I applaud you Sen.Sheldon! Thank you for standing up for what's right and having the backbone we need to fight this!
Did you know the people from the 7 banned countries were named by Pres.Obama because their Terrorist Nations.
Thank you for your statement against nominee Sessions.  You at least are on the record.
I wish you were the White House making the policy decisions.
THANK YOU! for hearing us, and supporting our views and concerns.
Sternly-worded letters not what's needed right now. Schwartzenegger had appropriate response. Go viral or go home
What about this, AG QUESTIONS?
How about this for some questions;
https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jan/02/donald-trumps-indonesian-business-partner-considers-running-for-president …
How about this;
http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/trump-business-entanglements-survive-indonesian-mining-scandal-846182467997 …
well said! thank you!
Donald J Trump is OUR President like it or not.He will bring America Back. You all are so Corrupt.Latina 4 Trump
If you don't want to unite with liberals & purge conservative corruption in this country, maybe you should consider retiring.
Unfortunately - it appears trump didn't care about your letter Sir .... Its a disgrace what trump is doing already!
thank you!
you, Hillbillary nor Obama ever showed you cared. http://ijr.com/2017/02/792027-trump-abruptly-leaves-white-house-on-marine-one-now-we-learn-theres-a-navy-seal-behind-secretive-act/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=owned&utm_campaign=ods&utm_term=ijamerica&utm_content=military …
Thank you for this letter, and for standing up for what you believe in. We need someone who's not afraid to speak up. Ty!
You already lost and are going to lose again. Support our President.
Did you Listen to Obama and what he Told you about Elections Schumer and You more LOST seats in 2018
Thank you, @SenWhitehouse for that well stated letter.  I wish more Senators would do likewise.
great work today! Thanks!
saw you on CNN. You are typical partisan political hack. Trump won!
Muslims say they will make it legal to rape white women when they take o... https://youtu.be/-QRZ-gcG4Es  via @YouTube
President Trump is busy Making America Great right now but he sent you a picture.
Protect the poor from misconstrued #climatejustice Policy.
Great letter, and great speech today against Sessions. We need your courage and your voice. Keep fighting for our democracy!
WAY TO BE!!  Todays #TheResistance hero.  Thank you, sir! We've got your back.
wonderful speech at the sessions hearing. Good job sir,
there is one simple truth you miss - a legitimate government is responsible for and to all its citizens
So well said. Thank you for this letter, Senator Whitehouse, and for your honest words on Sessions and your nay vote.
What you said this morning in meeting WAS A WORK OF ART SIR. THANK YOU
Sheldon you see that Bridge on your Homepage....that is what Trump can build!!! What can you build? Productivity?
you have a lot of nerve look at Obama/Clinton & @AGLynch #Collusion #Traiotors #Treason you are #Delusional
Your behavior is disgusting.Your narcissism&group think,you cannot see your own bigotry,intolerance&bullying acts.
HOW pathetically sad the man has not even had 2 weeks in office and you start this childish lies. hope your voted out
@cnn watching you this morning #greatjob thank you for standing up #TheResistance
why do you lie to the American people? You are straight up lying on @CNN right now! #pathetic
proof he is lying
Holding up nominations and then complaining Trump admin not working like it should. Unable to see the connection? 
THANK YOU.
Too Little, too late. You should have voiced your opinions before.
Beautiful and historic letter Senator. 
Unfortunately he has chosen to ignore all sound advice. Perhaps he's insane.
TY for this. I hope you call on republican reps to stand up for our democracy, too. I'm sure you know #45 doesn't act alone.
We are getting close to the point where letters, marches and appeals are no longer the path.
sadly u r probably right
please vote Sessions, Price, Devos, Perry  thank you
thank you for your work for all Americans.
Thank you for saying NO to Trump and his  nominees.  This is  a democracy, not a dictatorship!
THANK YOU FOR SAYING NO!!!   To the Trump nominees  Devos, Sessions,Tlllerson,Price,Puzder,Mnuchin,Pruitt! Thanks
thank you!! You will make a difference. Proud of you!
Here is my open letter to you @SenWhitehouse
Nice letter, but u r preaching 2 a racist,misogynistic 70 yo toddler.We r expectng Dems 2 obstruct his destructive policies
Thank you, Sheldon Whitehouse!
Thank you!!
Kudos @SenWhitehouse @Medium
We must fight to #RemoveBannon His unconstitutional views cannot be allowed to stand in our country!
Zip it, Sheldon.....
Fantastic!
THANK YOU! My students are scared out of their minds. Truly. I admit that I am as well.
what is happening with EPA news blackout? SO TROUBLING!!!!
why did you vote for CIA director? So disappointed.
When DEMS were in control, you did nothing but give bigger breaks to corps and billionaires. Stop lying to the Americans
you're not even an island. #FakeIsland
Forget Climate Change when #RIRanksLast in economy, retirement, business environment, education. Do Your Job! @NewportLost
you will never get my vote back playing identity politics or obstructing government and American Jobs in the name of weather
The most pathetic diatribe I've read lately. U should have performed this right after Madonna & B4 Ashley Judd
Too bad he won't read it.
Trump has already done harm to people on the ACA  and  lower income people hoping to buy their first home.
Thank you Senator Whitehouse. And please keep fighting for us.
as a RI resident I would hope you skip the inauguration of an illegitimate POTUS.
This letter, Sir, signifies u r out of touch w/AMERICANS.We accept everybody no matter race or creed.Ur partyDIVIDED US #MAGA
Thank you senator for your work on the enviorment and climate change
how dare you disrespect the People's choice! You also show your ignorance in your questioning of nominees.
Are you really that uniformed of Who Trump Really is? We the People expect Better Knowledge from You Sheldon!
well done.  Fight to impeach him!
Senator Whitehouse, I want to ask you whether or not you will be boycotting Trump's swearing in? I hope so.
I'm very impressed by that letter. Thank you so much.
Hey Whitehouse, how come you never came forward about Hillary Clinton's health problems? You were outed by #WIKILEAKS
Who are you to say the American people deserve or want anything? Honestly! It's your turn to listen!
charter schools are not the answer. This nominee is unqualified
Thank you Senator Whitehouse for this powerful letter. I hope he changes but I have very little confidence he will.
@Ziplok_ @Medium   you should make this required reading for all democrats
Nothing worse than Grown ass men whining & crying over this election grow some balls its over!
DON'T FORGET, America voted him in.  Obama care has to go, wall built & ISIS destroyed.
Who are YOU to decide that?
Tillerson's connections to Russia make him completely unfit. If noone blocks these people, WHO and WHEN will someone stand up
Russia Russia Russia!
- thank you!
I agree 110% with you Senator when you talk about "Media protecting his facts free" behavior which got us all here. Thank you
nobody cares!  You stuttered like an idiot on MSNBC tonight.
Nobel Prize-Winning Scientist Who Endorsed Obama Now Says President is "Ridiculous"&"Dead Wrong" on ‘Global Warming’
https://www.redflagnews.com/headlines-2017/nobel-prize-winning-scientist-who-endorsed-obama-now-says-president-is-ridiculous-dead-wrong-on-global-warming …
you represent a state of over a million...yet you have 33k following you...probably most from out of RI. U R IRRELEVANT.
RI is one of the worse states in the USA.
you are totally irrelevant
Plz fight #DeVos Vote NO. #NoExperience She is destructive to public education and our children's futures. Support public ed.
I really appreciated this piece. Very well written.
Typical feminist joke.
What about our expectations 4 congress?  Pipe dreams, false hope. Medicare Modernization Act gave drug co;s  monopoly anti us
Thank you for Sen. Whitehouse. You are awesome for stepping up. You have been noticed! ;)
WOW DT says American majority is STUPID! Politician MUST Boycott inauguration! Investigate Russian Connections! #Trumpgate!
TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS!  Watching your vote.
Thank you, sir, for your support! #TheResistance
thanks for being honest and direct. Keep fighting for us, please!
Let's not forget you are a public servant. You work for us. @SenWhitehouse #KnowYourPlace
- Thanks for supporting the Office of Congressional Ethics! US citizens want to oversee the sneaky Congress Republican tricks
and who the hell do you think you are? remember this Mr whatever you call yourself your rants aren't required
troll much lol? Exercising my 1st amendment right to ask my Rep to take action is hardly a rant #simmerdown
Simmer down yourself, your President is more than capable, you wanna be President, you run Ms know it all,
PLS demand TAX RETURNS from ALL of @realDonaldTrump cabinet nominees! Tnk you for your brilliant service. GODSPEED
Trump will break America, and sell it to the highest bidders. How did this happen? #StopTrumpNow
Sen. Whitehouse...thank you for writing your letter 4 so many millions of us voters! My grndchldn are very upset!
They said he can't be the President because a president doesn't bully!
I think the little girls to whom U refer R your Democratic colleagues.  Put your big boy pants on & accept  president elect.
Excuses; Hillary won popular vote, do away with the electoral college. Not presidential.The Russians changed the election.
Nobody cares that the popular vote lost, because the popular vote was populated by illegal  immigrants.  Means nothing.
That was the biggest crock I have ever laid eyes on & 10 minutes of my life that will never return.  U R the little girl!
Very well said Senator! The American citizens need more people like you fighting for our rights, now more than ever.
Obstructionist politics over. Get head out of Salty Brine beach sand. Or chose to be stupid.
He won't change. Doesn't care about your letter. Won't work with you. Rally the Electoral College to cast a different vote.
You can wish Trump well if you like. I wish he would get the hell out of our America and stay out.  @Medium
Tk u 4 such a thoughtful letter to PEOTUS..Too bad he does not have the intellectual capaciy or interest to read it
@RoseUnwin wow, you wrote a letter. Stand in the street in front of armored police, get imprisoned then I might believe u
@realDonaldTrump when are you running for Senator again?
