He has not created problems for himself. -  he has created problems for the previous WH!
No. He was doing his job. Get off it!
wasn't all scurrying- just 1 visit to WH don't think weird at all-obama's ppl scurrying 8yrs
There you go again. Exaggerating and making things not as they are.
What's funny is no discussion over the real facts, were names unmasked properly? It would be illegal if true.
bullshit--- he's at least trying to find the truth! What happened to u Greta??
Who made Sen Whitehouse an authority.  Awful guest on your program.
c'mon Greta. Only Democrats can let out unsubstantiated accusations. And negate Or laugh off POTUS suspicions.
if you are going to put a cloud over POTUS. It needs to be substantiated fast or we get nothing done. We lose.
leaks and bias koos do not belong in the intelligence. They have an oath to the people the truth. To protect us
Chairman of the intelligence committee meets with White House officials is somehow "a real problem" greta
The absurdity of the assumption that #POTUS doesn't have an absolute right to the info is astounding.
Who adds these adjectives "scurrying?" It was next day he went to pres, and didn't see a Russia connection
didn't do anything wrong hope rep get gonads and tell dems he's not being removed so kiss off nune stay strong
it's not partisanship-it's conflict of interest.  He's got to go.  He can't investigate himself.
You'e barking up the wrong tree my dear. He should inform the Pres. Chuck Schumer is out of line!
what - are you my grandmother? I'm not 'your dear'.
@NakedHorse123 @SenWhitehouse @MSNBC LOVE TRAY GOWDYS TAKE ON ALL This.TRYING TO SQUASH NUNES info. Left never wants the truth!

he did the right thing. He could have ended up dead. Or the entire truth hidden from the public. Go Nunes!!!!
Nunes is the only honest one yet. Thank goodness the truth will finally prevail. Obama Adm is guilty
He has no credibility especially with the cloak and dagger visit to the WH
Nunes has lost all credibilty and needs to be fired. Nobody believes him or Trump either.
ok so it's a crime to talk to ambassadors and crime to go to whitehouse??
Trump is POTUS he needs to know. Nunes knows he tells the Democrats they will leak it.
i think Nunes is trying to stay alive.
Great Point!
who are you Greta, you hid the true liberal for a long time, or is it now just job security?
You folks just say stuff and hope it sticks. Can't handle truth much, can you.
always knew you to be fair. Only law broken was releasing Flynns conversation. But Dems. Can throw up smoke.
Not if @POTUS stand behind him
at least he had the balls to let America know the truth
if it don't fit You must acquit
why? Why is this a problem? Because the media think it is a problem? If the truth comes out, win win!
He was just following protocol for the federal government
that a girl..now you're playing the good @MSNBC employee.
He didn't want to get Vince Fostered or Antonio Scalia'd.  Don't Blame him
Greta he's doing his job. Let it be.  There is more to Trmps claims than MSM is willing to report right now
shame on you Greta your Misleading your audience 
so was her guest @susanferrechio
Fake news Greta!!
- The Dimms are freaked becuz Nunes didn't run to them so they could manipulate the info. OMG! They r corrupt.
the only scurrying going on are the rats in congress called democrats
total BS
not at all!! The President was right 
no problem to get the truth, not fake truth
@foxnews Where was this clown re:Sharpton & countless others who brought nothing of value went to see Obama?
No. Whitehouse and his partisan lawmakers want to make a problem for anyone trying to get the truth.
You seem to be "fitting in" nicely @MSNBC @greta. @SenWhitehouse @MSNBC
no one cared that the irs head was visiting the W H during the persecution of the tea-party, media is F O S
Politically maybe, the real ? is who ordered the unmasking & who in Obama admin saw the surveillance reports?
from news reports it is in scif  at white house .. top secret info. Tune in to the o factor for interview tonig
Schiff is a hyper-partisan moron leading the Dem created hoax.
Be careful, Greta. Separate the wheat from the chaff!  Not RUSSIA. IT'S a whistle blower report on unmasking. @realDonaldTrump
Democrats are once again trying to promote a conspiracy theory
You mean like Obama's AG and the Clintons...
Nunes wasn’t at the White House Tuesday. He was at the Eisenhower building.
did Woolsey say "nothing to see here people move along?"
Nunes met w/ intelligence official at a secure location in the Eisenhower building b/c  the info could not be viewed at the Capitol.
I never thought YOU  GRETA  would be spreading #fakenews #disappointed
especially when his story changes by the day!
he was on the complex, no one knows what if anything was seen,discussed, or revealed..come Greta u of all?
don't see it
no he really hasn't  too much conjecture.  #TRUMP2020 #OBAMAGATE  Russia is a ruse.
oh really? In what quantitive way? Or are you just throwing tweets now with no substance.
will be interesting to see what happens
probably bc there are rats in every agency.  No wonder Obama-nation make it ok for 16 agencies to have access
I love the focus now on people going to the WH seemed not too important for the last 8 years
It doesn't look good!
