@katiejoythiele @POTUS double standard liberal hypocrite
you mean this time. Because you did last time.
Your lapdogs are incapable of intelligent thought or exercising common sense & their rhetoric- the same redundant, stale talking points that are consistently devoid of facts. In the meantime, you have no credibility & even the Cherokee nation declares you’re not Native America.
You can't be talking about Eric holder. Fast and furious. Gun sales to drug lords. Oh my
so what law has Trump broken?
When he breaks the law? Bit of presumption there? You're just a very angry, hateful woman.
And a potus that doesn't stand for anything.
.@SenWarren @SalDiDomenico @POTUS / you are a hypocrite and a LIAR. You said NOTHING when Obama violated the Constitution at least 19 times.
.@SenWarren @SalDiDomenico @POTUS / Really?? the same way Holder and Loretta stood up to Obsma when he broke the law, NUMEROUS TIMES

@SenWarren I wish that people couldbseebin the future - because it has been full of evidence to support your position
You're never silent. Empty barrels make the most noise!!!
When you lied and said you were part indian to get into college you kept a true Indian from attending and you talk about lying !!!
@Laurie89764267 @POTUS @SenWarren lives in a $5mil home how can she say she relates to everyday Americans wake up people
Drop Dead Warren!
, I "second" that! Ugh
Leftist socialist Democrat garbage.  You get an A for grandstanding and obstruction.  Let AG prosecute Hillary.
I am a native and I find you extremely offensive! Even if you had 1/32 or 1/8, that does not make you native in the least
booo to you.  Wake up and smell the roses
did you notice the men who referenced the same letter who were not  stopped
I stand united with you
It appears the liberal/communist/Democrats are proving they are corrupt!  The PEOPLE voted in Trump!!!
They're just continuing the precedent set by Eric Holder.
@SenatorCardin @POTUS you mean like Eric Holder and Lynch.
@LisaMikakovich @POTUS "the senator will take her seat"
:  Lynch says NOTHING when OBAMA broke the law.
@freedomusa_ Lol...that was s hilarious considering all the corruption with AG Lynch and Hillary Clinton!
how did that work out for you. Go sit down....Indian style
blah blah blah
Didn't see you "stand up" to Loretta Lynch the numerous times she allowed Obama to make a mockery of the DOJ.
This is such a comical remark after the last administration's attorney generals, Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch.
@tmmckinney777 @POTUS #resist #cantkeepquiet
@maria__annie @POTUS why the last one didn't
Warren is a sore loser.@BlueTorchMobile
Tell us one time AG Holder stood up to his President.  Don't say he never had to either.
looks like you were silenced on the senate floor to me

<----2020 POTUS @MrGeorgeWallace @POTUS


YOU ARE A BORE....




Please keep up the great work you do for this nation. The nation needs your voice to reflect minds of those stand by you.
and you never stood up to obama
yeah I think you should stay silent !!!
there is surgery for women who don't want children murdering babies is not the answer
you probably also think that women should have abortions instead of getting themselves fixed
intelligence is created when more than one brain cell is rubbed together you need to grow another one!!! LoL
we know you Obama cultees will say just about anything but you need more than one brain cell.
Love ya, Senator!!  Please always stand up for the rights of all!!  Thank you.
I stand behind Senator Warren
@France4Hillary @POTUS Laws like Obamas AG's covert meeting with Bill Clinton?Resign, Senator or do YOUR JOB! #MAGA
@bkpage @POTUS Don't stop!! There are a lot of folks behind you!
To say the least.  Shame, shame. America has become a land of shame.
why are you so angry all the time? You must have a miserable life.
I love you Liz and I've never even met you
Love all you want if you are in her district your next senator will be Curt Schilling. 
get off your podium, you think this will propel you. You dont have any appeal just a loud mouth.
Please turn off your caps lock. America will thank you.
I know who broke the law, is someone with the letter "E"
Thank you Elizabeth Warren. You are a light in a very dark world.
I think you're badly mistaken with administrations. Those that you describe were Obutthead and his butt-kisser Holder.
@Giilltorres911 @POTUS omg!!! Liz u have so much hate in you, why are u so angry?? Have a drink and chill.
she gets the job done. Wait you see, she will run against Trump in 2020
sounds great, N the mean time Liz like the "Macklemore song Downtown" something about mowing your lawn, 
LMAO at Liawatha Fauxcahontas!
You stood by as President Obama & his admin/Cabinet violated the Constitution & US Law.
sit down, shut up and pretend to be an Indian
. Emplosions prepare the way for a stronger foundations but the next structure must be sound incorrupt pillars of decency & humane
@set_38104 @POTUS She persisted. So must we all.
YOU are the one who breaks the laws!
@SenSchumer @POTUS you step away you're corrupt!  Obama broke law left & right, this time it doesn't suite your sorry self!!
I hope you don't get reelected you can't be trusted all you want is money and power
GO MS W, please stay strong
Thank you so much for speaking out
keep promoting that book sweetie.
WE KNOW THST ALREADY BC OF YOUR BIG  !!! YOU SHOULD LEARN 2 #ShutUpAndListen ... PPL R #sickandtired OF #Dems LIKE U
You ain't gonna do a godamn thing and you know it.
...from a do-nothing who would know, Senator...
Why are you using a picture of your mom as your profile pic??
I think you know who's mom that is...
bro, your troll game is weak.
Your fucking life is weak...
Name one time Holder stood up to Obama's unconstitutional actions. @SenatorSessions will enforce our laws. His duty.
YOU OWE the KING family a formal apology...you were told to stop using their name again the new AG ......true DEM of hate
Warren isn't telling U the truth AG was confirmed bipartisan how long must we take her deception she shouldn't B in office
DO YOU REALIZE HOW EMBARRASSING YOU ALL ARE  .YOUR ENCOURAGING EVERYTHING THAT WASTES MY TAX DOLLARS .GET A LIFE LOSER!
The way Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch stood RIGHT UP to Obama's lawlessness???  Like that????
such as when the President (44) uses the IRS against his political opponents?  How did I miss your loud voice then?
you are the one who messed up by not following the Senate rules which YOU helped write!
its ok Lynch is gone, proffessionals are in charge now.
like #ericholder
pray tell #Queen Elizabeth what gives you the right to break Senate rules.  You knew the rules when you took your oath!
Where were you? when your BOgus POTUS's 2 AGs were flagrantly ignoring wanton violations of the laws they swore to upheld?
... but You did back down from AG Lynch ... right?
You have no moral compass Ma'am.
but you'd cozy up to a presidential candidate under multiple federal investigations and won the primaries by rigging them
u r so freaking pitiful it pains me to think how you got to this level of sickness!
you r projecting. But keep going. America is learning all we need to know about u
respectfully ma'am you should be held to point on the he 14th amendment section 3 and removed from office forthwit
Where were you when POTUS Obama did his illegal orders and Loretta Lynch stood by and condoned it?
how about you standing up to illegals who flaunt our laws
did u vote for holder or lynch ? The worst ags this country has had
and you did not stand up to Obama when he broke the law.
All you do is make Democraps look even worse.
just go away. Please. Are you native Indian today or are you African decent today
Bless you, Senator Warren. We are with you!
Lynch never stood up to OBama when he mandated no prosecution of Clinton.
we need to investigate White House and Presidential advisor violation of conflict of interest! He should be in prison!
I remember how loudly you spoke out against the last AG @POTUS
Sessions#KardKaryingKlansman
thank you Senator Warren!  Never be quiet during times of injustice. #notmypresident #putingate #electionrigging
Lady  you are not sane!  Get behind OUR President Trump or prepare to be replaced!
You WILL be silent!
Why did Democrats not complain when Obama broke laws?
@FlorenceIvy @POTUS Silencing opposition makes us the despicable's our soldiers have laid their lives down for #FirstAmendment
u should have said that about @HillaryClinton when she screwed @BernieSanders and democracy
@WisDems @POTUS I think you need a serious mental health evaluation.
Thank you Sen Warren. You were treated horribly. All Americans should be outraged.
sen warren thankfully you don't represent me 
 very disgraceful .. sad
None are standing against Humpty Trumpty! He will fall from his wall & all the kings' men will not put him together again.
You better look at you own DOJ house. The last 2 were questionable.
You are a wonderful woman! 
yes, you will

fight on!
You mean like Eric Holder or Loretta Lynch did? Give me a break... I am no fan of Jeff Sessions, but this is disengenous
u must hve amnesia, u don't remember holder & lynch's protection of Obama, hello.@JoeNBC @realDonaldTrump.@MariaBartiromo
it's only breaking the law if you disagree with it
Sen Warren, now the shoe is on the other foot.  You know the rules.  Don't pretend.  #getoverit #LETITGO
go girl!!
so why didn't you object to the last two AG's who allowed 44 to commit lawless acts
Rule 19 should not apply when the senator in question is being considered for a cabinet position.
However, we know the GOP is only interested in 'winning,' not in following the rules. So they'll cheat however they can.
Stop Elizabeth Your Judgment Is Impaired Pray For Clarity
isn't a law breaker, but Obama and his AGs were, not to mention so many lying democrats including their leaders.
@billbarnwell @POTUS where was she when L Lynch was supporting all things Democrat? #tarmac #hypocrite
Madam, You are a devisive, hate-filled, vile-speaking, menopausal, troublemaker, who must be quieted when unable to do so!
please just shut up. When you fight everything you lose credibility
Actually @SenWarren, Obama did not stand up to the World or 4 Americans especially when Clintons broke the law countless times @POTUS #MAGA
go find a nice indian hut or better yet an igloo in Alaska and retire there
what a  hypocrite u r...fauxahontus...
.@SenWarren @teresa_fedor @POTUS Armor up, my hero. We're behind you.
Please keep fighting. Thank you.
words fail. #ripdemocracy
Just like Lynch and Obama? Lynch and Clinton? Lynch and the DNC?
yes yes yes
#StillShePersisted so #StillWePersist

@jsinvr @POTUS
#Irrelevant #Inert #USELESS #NeverElizabeth!
You
Are
A
Terrible 
Senator
Shut up Pocahontas!
Nasty Women are Americas hope. Keep telling the truth. We are listening and we support you.
