I hope my friends in Congress won't let him get away with this junk logic. But CA has won this battle before and we will again if necessary.
- Would help if you ran for office again. Seriously.
@WynGalbraith @latimes can you really keep calling people you no longer agree with on major points on "colleagues", sir?
good point, tho I think he's being nice. He was NOT a totally bad governor. He tried to be balanced.
it's like he wasn't an elephant so much as a RINO.
we called him the #Goveinator #Terminator power ON!
damn this stupid "Born In America " rule. America could have had a First Action Hero.
true he does have that one problem of not being a naturalborn American tho thems the rules :P
I guess it's meant to prevent an extreme Manchurian Candidate scenario.
It's like The Founders knew about vat-grown and Fascist-indoctrinated Russians becoming American citizens.
It's sad to see progress swept away like this. Especially when all you have to do is step outside to see the truth
I stepped outside this morning and froze my ass off because of global warming.
Global warming is the drastic change of the earth temps. A little researched never killed anyone. Ignorance did.
let me know when global cooling becomes your religion again.
Too bad we can't redirect the poisoned air & water to the executives' homes...
I live in boonies Been 2 Calif Amount vehicles Speed they drive I'd hav 2 agree Not all can afford electric or new hi$ cars
I think states rights don't apply there.
Guy, Has your pussy cap tightened and escalated your crying and whining even more? --->> @oldguysrule58 @F_Giannantonio @Schwarzenegger
Moving right along....@oldguysrule58 @F_Giannantonio @Schwarzenegger
yes. The Republicans want to kill everybody with dirty air and water.  Nobody takes you seriously.
A lot of stupid rules in CA that don't do much, but cost business a lot of money.
if there were more repubs like you we wouldn't be in this hot mess
now tell everybody how many businesses leave California a year because of over regulation
Yeah. Regulations are SO EVIL you guys. Look what no regulations did for Flint Michigan. Thirsty anyone?
that's what happens when liberals run the govt, governor mayor city council all liberals
and while you're at it tell them what the states deficit is
we are in the black in CA & have a surplus  but your altfact reality notwithstanding we like clean air!
18 billion dollar deficit is hardly in the black but you do live in fantasyland
We are still the fifth economy in the world. If you want do not want to breath go to China.
ahhhh yes I want dirty air and water and why don't we melt the polar caps as well
U frm Gov should really kno how much poverty middleclass ppl R in Calif Govt trying 2 run everythg in our lives 1st Jobs
Just b c Calif full Hollywood Alisters Elitist That got rich off middleclass &4got that Huge % can't replace cars 4electric
Arnold, did u tweet outrage when @ginaepa's disastrously incompetent EPA caused env'tl disaster?! http://cnn.it/2jmxBFc 
how about clean water? There seems to be this thing in Flint, MI
- Democrats in Flint, MI have totally bungled clean drinking water issue for years.
That is the Alternate Fact, Jack!!
Darnell Earley (R) was City Manager that CHOOSE to Switch the water... hand pk'd by the (R) Governor
(cc @Schwarzenegger @kevinnr) - No doubt about it: Democrats are to blame for Flint, MI water problems
Alt Fact BS!! MI Gov(R) appointed the City manager(R) they made the Call. Not the Mayor or CC!
(cc @KevinNR) - Why did Barack, last minutes in office, give $221mil to Palestine instead of to Flint, MI?
Could you please move to NC and save it? The GOP here stripped the Dem Gov of his powers, but they wldnt pull that shit on u
your not in the same class as the GOP you have a heart and soul and care about I would have voted for you
"subject to continued debate" yeah, because some idiots refuse to accept the truth and keep spouting #alternativefacts
hey Arnold - I just want to say how impressive it was for you to win the state of California as a Republican....@realDonaldTrump
So U are part of the elitist over throw of private property-Helping EPA over reach the Constitution. Didn't U swear on it?
States have powers, not rights. Only the people have rights.
yep Gas n Oil Party...
Girly man!
then Speak up! Become a republican @SenSanders and start challenging people in power and republican supporters to make sense
GET TO THE CHOPPER!!!, before the clean air runs out
If u were informed, Arnold, you'd know @ScottPruittOK wants clean air.Wants 2 clean up stupid bureaucracy & regulations too!
If UR worried abt pollution & carbon footprint cleanup UR own house first! Gulf Stream 3 jet, multiple homes etc. HYPOCRITE!
No one opposes clean air or clean water. Suggesting it shows the intention to silence opposition to something unrelated.
Oh dear what will left do when they run of things to complain about falsely
they are so fake. all of their arguments vs gop are based on lies
Says the man who drives his lear jet around,has 9 mansions,and his hummer SUV's. Also, that last terminator movie awful.
.@Schwarzenegger @latimes 
I voted for you once. That was a mistake. @realDonaldTrump is not an actor, he's a doer.
Thank You, Arnold ! You said you'd be back...............come back and clean up this mess. GOP are nuts.
Thank u for proving country can exceed party. U give me hope in the sanity of those in your party who do!!!!!!!!!!!
you tell him!
We are with you Arnold. Foolish logic has no place at EPA.
to many parks and things in that state they want to rape.  cali just might make it to hard on them.  to bad so sad.
I have REAL issues w/current lack of enforcement in #TheOC, let alone loosening standards. @latimes @EPA @transition2017
Arnold I'm more worried about the methane from your belches and keeping Guatemalan maids out of your reach.
Unfortunately it appears that state rights only trump federal law when it comes to the second amendment :(
@lati  read your bible it's all in there heat because the earth will burn and no one can stop it
u want shut down all factorys quit driving stop flying no electricity. Gas oil phones .go back to horse and buggy
CO2 is not pollution, and you're no expert.
@SpectXr_ @latimes Arnie keeping real, like always
glad your aware of pollution thank you
@ManBabyAmerica Sadly this may be what we are facing for the next 4 years.
you screwed up California so what are you jacking your jaws about? Loser
The science of “Rights”:
I am with ya Arnie , as long nobody pays a cent  , hell won't be breaking loose
Can u support BANNING the dumping fluoride in R water supply.Its Toxic waste created by mining,barrels hav skull&crossbones
yes, the air is so good in la
show must in the tank
Paging Eric Holder.  Your services may be needed sooner rather than later. A Californian who likes to breath clean air.
There are solutions to LA hummer traffic. Think.
Arnold, let me ask u a ? What is more important: out of work people who can't afford to live or the pretense about pollution
Take a stand then and publicly come out in favor of #Calexit. You could run for #President in an independent Cal Republic.
Don't  pollute California:   GET OUT OF THE CAR
get on the Trump train! :D
@GOP @RepKristiNoem @KristiNoem @SenJohnThune @POTUS Thank you Gov. Schwarzenegger!!
we don't care about clean air in CA!!!!
It's time to consider switching parties Arnie.
The environment is the most important issue. Without a planet to kive on, there are no other issues.
They didn't change a law they were given a temporary waiver to deal with short term problems. Courts ruled Feds have control
this is the biggest fight we must start. We have nothing if we do not have a planet to live on.
Thank so much from this Oklahoma women for raising this Issue to view.
Arnold, you the man! 
unconscionable #PostTruthAmerica
im surprised you still consider yourself gop, after all the contradictory things you believe in.
Your Columbus fit expo has been condemned under five different names in Pennsylvania.
http://www.footballstories.com/ped-policies-a-contradiction-for-decades/ …
Stop the steroid machine you started. you are destroying out youth.
http://www.footballstories.com/ped-policies-a-contradiction-for-decades/ …
you need to termanate your party which is the dark side Darth Vator is now President come to the good side
the states are free to enact any regulations they wish I guess
you're not a Republican Arnold just pretending to be one. Just become a Democrat, you're Fired....
Ironic that Trump's brand of R's is full of ex-Dems claiming they're the true Republicans now.
you and Brown have made this state rundown and harder to stay. Cost of living skyrocketing. Breaking up families.
"give dese people air!"
You are me and my girlfriend's favorite actor. We love your movies.
Thank you Arnold!
the states should have the right to set their own clean air standards .
The 10th Amend. allows states to impose higher environmental regulatory burdens than the federal government
What is your view of the presidency,  are you optimistic seeing as you're a Republican?
that's calling a spade a spade alright - let's hope the message is heard loud and clear.
is his name Cohagen?
environment should be given priority!!!
