There is no spin needed. ACA was a huge LIE that was collapsing under it's own weight. No one's health care is being taken away. ACA is not
I suppose that @tsteele93 could have said “collapsing under [its] own weight” instead. ‘It's’ means ‘it is’ or ‘it has’.
Can't "it's" also mean the possessive of "it?"
you are!  It's is ONLY used to represent the contractions it is and it has.  That is IT! #Education
Please cut Tom some slack.
He had to go to @RockledgeHigh, which should explain it.
Ha, I went to the same University as Bob. Just because I mis-remembered some unimportant grammar rule don't mean nuthin! 
http://www.grammar-monster.com/easily_confused/its_its.htm …
There is often confusion between its and it's. There is good reason for the confusion.
Propose Medicare for all, 50+, or as option.Costs come way down as medicare covers a younger pop. It works and you'll be a nat'l hero
No, it can be spun as "taking away." The dealer took away the Lambo I chose not to buy.
Untrue. Those folks will elect not to have what they were forced to have. Stop misleading.
Bravo, heard you speak. Thank you Senator
Great Speech on the floor of the senate!   Thank you!

according to Senate rules, a CBO score must be posted 28 hours before a vote, or there's a point of order with 60 vote threshold
Now they have to get up on the floor and defend it in debate. Give em hell, Senator.
As he gets the best healthcare on earth. He puts it off on billionaires. He gets the same healthcare as billionaires. He is pathetic garbage
How do you guys go to work everyday knowing the fuhrer is in office? I wake up everyday angry, and what crazy news I'm going to hear.
I hope  Muller is investigating Bay Rock, etc, Russian sex trafficking stuff too.
Thank you for your compassion to speak out for us! I'm scared!
Like you don't have the same insurance the billionaires have. You friggin political hack.
@  I was born & raised in Rhode Island I Took care of Gov John Chafee's mom way back then I was one of her caregivers!
Oh my ..  lets not be too mean to anyone ..  another liberal flute player !
you are the most consistent senator and I appreciate your dedication. REPEAL AND REPLACE DONALD J. TRUMP! TAKE BACK AMERICA!!! OUR DEMOCRACY
Let them kill ACA. Then deliver something better. Universal Healthcare. Make healthcare a right. Not a commodity to be traded and bought.
Since we are so willing to lie.
Explain it. 
2014
rev. 3 trillion
fed spent 3.77 trillion
medical spending 3 trillion
Increase tax 120%
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed & agree w/ @SenWhitehouse ,concerned GOP healthcare,millions lost cover,women,kids...
No more of your lies.
Not one single American with a job will lose health care. Please tell the whole story.  Want health care get a JOB

You just did.  We want the GOV OUT of Health insurance.
Go get #GOP  we need relief
I'll give it a shot. Obama's heartless, high handed, playfield leveling disaster of social engineering finally gets redress.
Another bald faced lie.
Liar
@Obamacare  took millions of people who had insurance away by giving $12,000.00 deductibles
Obamacare was passed years ago, millions of Americans lost their healthcare then. Where were you?
That is a demonstrable LIE, Senator.  Stop being a partisan hack, and start acting like the public servant you were elected to be!
I couldnt afford it anyways
Nobody is taking healthcare from millions, 73% of those "millions" didn't want the ACA insurance and will not buy it if not required! Jeesh
You already did spin it
You mandated millions HAD TO BUY IT. Whats the difference? I'll tell you, a fine and with you, fear mongering
Shelly the Spinner!
Thank you so much @SenWhitehouse for your STRONG no vote on #Trumpcare!! Wish @SenateGOP had guts - instead they vote to kill us! #SaveACA
PLEASE RT & HELP SAVE MY FIANCE @bkabstract 's LIFE! Has End-Stage Liver Disease. #Trumpcare will kill him. #SaveACA
Thank you so much for the retweet, @pikachanyan - we deeply appreciate it!!
Voted to debate, why do Dems Lie so much? Desperate!
No sir, you're right. Thank you for a resounding no during roll call
A rather absurd comment but that's what Dems do make absurd comments not much else.
What a crock. I can't afford treatment with my prems up 300% and deductible doubled under obamacare - that is called losing healthcare
Correct. No spin possible-we must take to the streets & be sure to deliver the bodies of our dead family, friends, & neighbors to their door
So dramatic aren't you?
No way to spin this!
Cry baby
Tell McCain that, please!
You just did spin it.
And just what the fuck are you and the Dems doing to stop it l hope more than just tweeting the the outcome do something will you
Yes just spin it schumer and you will have taken away another 23 million from HC.
Do u think the solution is to use single payer system like the VAs use? It's not working out for those who are lying in beds w/out care?
Know anyone on Medicare? It works for them. They love it.
Stay strong. TRUMPCARE IS NOT healthcare for ANYONE! It's a scam to give huge tax cuts to wealthiest, cut coverage for 23 million.
Repeal means health service reductions.  Repeal means increases in public health issues.  Repeal affects all of us.  Fix it. Don't burn it.
There is absolutely "no way to spin" that millions of Americans can't afford to pay for their health care, as a result of Obamacare.
LIAR!! They voted to Debate!!
Try debating. Get your constituents to call, fax, etc.

It was an mtp, so proceed to do your job.
You just did!
I thought we were all going to drown because of the Paris agreement?  #chickenlittle
Your comments are completely irresponsible, but typical of a Democrat, grow up and grow a brain
Liar. They voted to open debate to discuss proposals. Another lying sleazy Demonrat.
Not nice talk. Debate not debase!
This is what leadership in the Senate used to look like! Shame on the GOP!
Today the GOP begins its DEATH SPIRAL!!
Sure hope so
Keep dreaming, the only party in a death spiral is the Democratic Party. Schumer, Pelosi & Waters keeps adding nails to the coffin.
If it helps you to sleep better at night, go with those thoughts
Demagogue, Hack, opportunist, hypocrite.
The Democrats have taken "health care" away from people they have yet to give it to.
Sen Whitehouse....what are you and the rest of the Democrats doing? Your party has done NOTHING to stop this or help! Stand up for us!
Did not. Voted to continue the debate. Who's spinning senator? ACA is dead. Not working.  Any suggestions?
It's working for me.
You must be unemployed, those are the only ones who it works for.
No, I'm disabled & retired.
Nah. #Obamacare already did that! I want my PLAN AND MDs BACK! #REPEAL #THROWthisShitOut
Thank you Senator Whitehouse for looking out for the best interest of your constituents.
Thousands will die according to cbo and republicans cheer - sick people
Easy fix for ACA: single payer for all.
Oh I can just see Nancy Pelosi waiting in a VA or LA County ER waiting room for her primary care. YOU want VA lines when your  & mom's ill?
quality of care under socialized medicine is horrific.
Where other countries are finding ways to insure all of their citizens, our country voted to kick people off!!! 
Welcome to AMERICA
Lie
Give them hell, Senator. @SenJohnMcCain wants something bipartisan. Give them something bipartisan
Just like the Democrats did.
what more can RI constituents do to aid the fight against this healthcare bill? I want to do more but don't know what to do
@IndivisibleTeam has a lot of concrete things a blue-stater can do. Please check them out. Thanks for caring.
Then call it what it is.  An attempt at genocide to put even more money into the pockets of the richest of the rich & big business.
That will surely go down as a shameful event in US history :-(
Appreciate you trying not to spin this shit. The @SenateGOP is throwing enough shit around at us as is. #Resist the #ShitStorm!
REPEAL!!!!
Without McCain, they don't have the votes to pass it though, do they?
What is the Dem plan to filibuster this process with amendments, Senator?
OBSTRUCT OBSTRUCT OBSTRUCT, the world will end before Dems agree w/Pubs on HC.
The senate republicans just guaranteed single payer coming to the US in 2021.
#HeroToZero
#JohnMcCain
McCain just gave the bill a smack down and called for something bipartisan. This just a vote to debate. The fight is not over yet.
No they didn't. They voted to begin debate - which may well lead to that. But they have yet to pass a bill. Nuance is vital at this stage.
But this is step one towards passing an inhumane bill.
No one knows what bill, if any, will be passed. Possible nothing will be passed. But the worst is to pretend the fight is now over.
Keep calling your senators!!
You just spun it, Obamacare ripped my insurance away that actually happened where are you getting this notion that it will kick people
Where are you getting this number from?
You mean the same cbo that had to retract their initial claims of Obamacare in 2010?
Except that's a complete lie
@GOP party of life until you are born
Got that right.
They know they sealed the death of the GOP today. Why? What are they hiding? It's something else besides killing us off. Blackmail? Treason?
The (R) co-conspirators behind the 2017 coup. @gop took Russian laundered $ via #CitizensUnited.
Isn't this for a 20 hour debate?  Let's see who pulls the final trigger...
They simply voted to debate.
That was not what this vote was...i thought maybe you have known that. Just to start Debate. Why spread lies? Tell truth for once
FIGHT against this bill as if you're fighting for your life.
Actually that's not what happen. But your spin machine is very strong.
You need to get your news from places other than CNN or the msm. This was a procedural vote.  U can still have your Obamacare. For now
I feel a personal responsibility 2go2 work 2day so the govt can afford 2 support. Ugh! Why must everything be free. Let the market prevail
Yes. All these "normal" countries tax at rates that pay for those benifits.  I do t want to pay 45% takes to support everyone. Sorry.
I'm sure @FoxNews will make a game attempt
Just horrific!
Thank you for your hard work, Mr. Whitehouse. Please don't stop fighting for us.
Call your reps & use this dialer to call others. Hit * for next call. Calls DC & local offices. 33,000+ calls now
Disgust
This is why the President can get away with the "fake news" stuff. This is a complete lie. They voted to bring Bill to floor for debate.
Exactly. Fake news everywhere.
Right. Fake on the left. Fake on the right. Your avg. American stands no chance of being informed when leaders lie constantly.
This is wrong on several counts. But you know that, and are hoping your supporters are ignorant.
