This isn't the way. Upside down and backwards. #ItsTheOpposite praise God. I know Sarah does right?
I will proudly get my head chopped off in the name of Jesus Christ! I will offer my own life right now, for world peace.
Not me I'm selfish -michael
Lol none of this garbage in our current world matters. I'm fixed on the skies. And my heart is fixed on the absolute truth. (Jesus)
Everything in this world matters.OrganizedReligionsDupetheLessFortunateByGettingThem2ChooseFiction
And he complains about how his opposition is fixed on semi colons and spelling and not the truth or message. Lmao sound like twitter today
Of a 1 world gov. The tower of Babel. They even spoke the same language. Didn't work for God, won't work for man. I love you Jesus!
Stay tuned follow detour guy Its what the cuz would have done -Sarah
Idk how to take you lol. But i do mingle with everybody. God bless you
The foundation for complete submission of our freedom and individualism. The Constitution is for AMERICA. Not the globe. The Bible speaks
Yeah it's about climate change. Good lord. Praise Jesus!! It's about submitting legally to the new world order. One world gov. This is the
Why would anyone believe that a hack comedian from Seattle is an "expert" on climate change?  Bill Nye the Science Guy was a bit he created.
Watch it! Retweet it!
If you watch this, you'll understand why @SenWhitehouse is full of sh** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Owm25OHGglk … #climatechange #tcot #tlot #science
but republican were for global climate change even before citizensVSunited. Those proposals they made were boondogles and counter productive
Time to loosen up that tin foil hat.
do you just believe EVERYTHING Barack Obama tells you..CLIMATEDEPOT.COM
The more "religious" ones say that "God will keep the earth together" (rolls eyes)
Here's a concept, without climate change you wouldn't be here.
So the 'why' is because of that evil First Amendment?
How much taxpayer money and how much of the Senator's time was wasted making this video? Shouldn't he be working?
Global cooling, global warming, climate change.Time for a new moniker for this hoax.CC has been done to death #Hoax



This is why the left fails. We're experts at describing and defining problems, failures at solving them. What is the call to action?
Bill Nye the vagina guy is the funniest thing ever.
Perhaps they shld all be rounded up & put to a loyalty test! #NotACult
Make public all models, evidence, complete text of all reports and research, including 100% of the data collected, not just what was used.
Too True....big big fan anychane you might send mevw signed autograph.... Or have one of your lackies do it for you plleeaasssee
Sarah. be the prophet who solves climate change. If each of ur followers give $1.5M each- Gore can have his $15T to become God and fix it 
You are all crazy.
Sad you have more followers than @EPA. And YouTube really? You can find a vid to fit any narrative. Like sandyhook
Nobody denies climate change,  they deny is caused by humans,  not as naive as Dems
Listen to the :35 second mark to the :42 second mark. - Then he cites what occurs as a result of the Earths NATURAL Changes. The ARGUMENT is
Not so much about the Earth-Warming, the Argument today is ALMOST EXCLUSIVELY About the Idea "Humans are a Significant-CAUSE" and Have THE
ABILITY to "CHANGE-NATURE".One must FIRST BELIEVE Humans are-the-CAUSE, (and Many Do Not), & ONLY AFTER Believing "Humans-are-the-CAUSE" can
it be Logically-Accepted Humans CAN "CHANGE-the-CLIMATE". If Favoring-Climate-Change-Legislation MEANS a CLEANER-Planet, even if it DOES NOT
give Human-Beings The-Ability-to-Change-the-Climate, Some-Methods can still be EASILY-ACCEPTED. THE PROBLEM is People HAVE "NOT-ACCEPTED"
Human-Beings "CAUSED" Climate-Change and THUS, Human Beings HAVE-THE-ABILITY to Change-The-Climate. TRUE> it is NOT all "Dark & Nefarious".
NO-1 Denies a CLEANER-PLANET is in the Best-Interest of EVERY1. Convincing People Human-Beings "CAUSED-'Climate'-Change"? Ha! Quite-a-TASK!!
Watched the Nature show on Yosemite where they have records of annual snow pack and data shows consistent drop over recent years.
Thank you, @SenWhitehouse, for not perpetuating the bogus notion that inaction on #ClimateChange has anything to do w/ #science.
Maybe they do but they disagree with the proposed solutions.
Climate change deniers can't explain polar bears driving taxicabs and Uber cars in Miami!
Thank you! So angried by the unethical blowhards. Extra incentive to march #overturncitizenunited
This gon be good
Please watch this. We need to save our plant. We need to focus on alternative energy sources. Don't let big money kill Mother Earth.
Yet another reason to love u Sarah. Thanks for that.
It's just a perpetual social construct, regulated by fear, and submission. It's purely for money, power, and control.
98% consensus is a lie!
When people are so thick instead of getting angry let them.thick doesn't deserve our emotions.
I'm pro climate change. Bring it on. Tired of freezing my ass off.
Yes I'm retweeting. Good looks on the alert
Climates change...always have always will...
And then #PeoplesClimate march on Saturday! @ClimateReality
The climate will continue to change whether people 'believe' or 'deny'. It's not religion, it's science.
Thanks. This was interesting. It made me mad and sad. I wish we could do more but I feel like congress has never been more corrupt right now
a video from a Politician discussing how the other politicians who don't share his view are getting too political. that's rich. pun intended
15 trillion dollars. The narrative has changed multiple times. The earth goes through a process, like any other living organism. #BS
Should've stayed in college champ.
The Senate is bought and paid for.  Stupid Betsy is the blatant evidence of this.
This is true!  The Money has bought Trump, Gorsuch, selling our web browser, and lately manipulating out internet information.
What are you talking about?
The dark money that paid for climate change deniers, Trump, The cabinet, Betsy, The Senate.  Name it and they paid for it.  Watch YouTube.
LikeIsaid.Get right with Jesus Christ.Your discernment is severely lacking. Now isn't the time 2worry about anything else. #AllUHave2DoIsAsk
You have no idea what you are talking about young man.I suggest you get off my Twitter feed.  I don't have time for the likes of you
That's ridiculous. You watch a YouTube video, your an expert. I speak from personal experience and conviction, idk what I'm talking about?
You mean cognitive dissonance?
The majority of global warming deniers are simply regurgitating what they hear on Fox News. Period.
But "Democrats and Republicans are the same" 
McConnell is a disgrace to our Scottish heritage,a true piece of shit.awareness and votes can fix this. keep the pressure on!
Excellent. Thank you for posting that, Sarah.
And there it is, again.
Why of "climate change deniers"? Easy. Brain damaged.
You are too young to Remember that 35 years ago the world was going into ice age bc of fossil fuel according to Time. So which is it?
The statute of limitations is up on the "1 magazine cover in the 70s is = to decades of research, data & scientific consensus" talking point
What about climate change hypocrites? Driving the hybrid to set, and turning the lights off 1 hr/ year doesn't seem like enough
WHAT ABOUT WHATABOUTISM!?!?
What about it?
Which tonight Sarah just picking grandson up from school.
Talking about 'climate change' without mentioning 'geo engineering' is like talking about 9/11 without mentioning the controlled demolitions
would you fart in my face Sarah?
Stick to comedy and waxing your huge moustache.
Belt pockets. Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
Case closed.
I will watch it, thanks!
Huh?
