You’d think Republicans would have learned from the failure to repeal Obamacare not to jam things through Congress on a party-line vote.
.@SenJohnMcCain suggested, try regular order & work across the aisle. There is a bipartisan way to fix broken tax code.
1 Prove it. You can SAY all kinds of lies for political purposes. Dems are very good at it. But prove it to me. I’ve heard the rich r pissed
It is also a massive tax cut to every other tax bracket.  Doubling the individual deduction is huge actual tax relief for everyone who pays.
sounds like it’s not really doubling because they’re absorbing personal exemptions into the standard deduction
the key info
Most taxpayers use the individual deduction alone, so going from $6350 to $12,000 is a massive tax break.
I don’t think that’s right. almost everyone who takes the standard deduction is also entitled to take at least one personal exemption
If you are paying a professional to do your taxes maybe, but people filing their own 1040's don't see that.
it’s right there on the form
line 42 is where you multiply by $4050 to get the amount
OUTRAGE, but these r the bum$ we put in offic, how does Amerca ever get out of this I cannot imagin anymor sir, but pls THINK HARD
You can always count on Democrats for two things, lying and dividing the American people in any way possible
GOOD !  You' re a Hack Sheldon Whitehouse
The stupidity is a level 9000 in here! you sheeple will buy into anything the dems put out because of your hatred of trump!!! #brainwashed
I don't remember the Democrat tax plan I don't think anyone's taxes went down Matter of fact taxes went up in every household 
2 because they are NOT getting a break. Left lies. I want proof from you.
So stop it
is there a Dem tax 'plan' to counter this gut-ripper of Repubs?   There MUST be, please, make one, put one out there, its needed, can't we ?
Liberal lies. Some things never change. Americans are tired of it.
Thank you for the warning.  Good luck to us all.
It looks like you see your job as Dems vs GOP - us verses them mentality!  That's why nothing gets done in this country!
AMERICA LOVES TRUMP.
Lies
God! Yes!
Old Record, hear you have been looking for another Job, good luck
RI needs Tax cuts! RI is the hardest place to start/run a business! the brackets are not out yet how can you come out with that statement??
Is there anything Rhode island can do for Puerto Rico and the Virgin islands since Trump doesn't seem to care?
Stop pushing your lies please yoh better vote for this or you will be gone
How about charging a 50%  outsourcing tax for companies who take their business overseas. If they want to bring back jobs to USA.
Republicans are now going to blame McCain, Collins, and Murkowsky for not getting anything passed. Do nothing Congress is back
Hands off our Medicare and Social Security, Republicans!
#InconvenientTruth
Inconvenient? Record Arctic Sea Ice Growth In September | Zero Hedge http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-09-28/inconvenient-record-arctic-sea-ice-growth-september …
This is unacceptable. This must not pass this is robbing the American taxpayers that are not the wealthiest
#TrickleDownEconomics
Did you expect anything less?
Surprised?? " hell no"
That’s what happens when you spend $10 trillion dollars in 8 yrs. #ThanksObama !!
Why does Gary Cohen think I can renovate my kitchen, or buy a car with $1000?
This is what trump party does. Reagan: deficits ballooned. George W. : deficits ballooned.Yet they are always deficit hawks when Ds in power
I guess dem balanced the budget.
Why do you fools always think it's a zero sum gain. Kennedy proved tax cuts work. Look to history people.
You say could mean. Can you elaborate how or why?
You say work across the aisle but to you libtards hat means agree with us or nothing.
You haven't done anything , shut up and  enjoy the free healthcare.
At the very least they get more $$ in their pockets plus when the recession hits, they get to cash in on that.
Then a Dem will take office & be criticized at how long it takes him/her to get the economy back on track.
LUDICROUS!
The same old song. It's getting old. I want to keep more of my money. It's not yours to spend and waste.
Did he not read this one either !
IT'S The Republican Plan "B" to Kill off the less Fortunate & profit from it. #RetiretheGOP18 #Encouragethevote2018
Reaganomics and Trickle Down don't work. This Tax Reform is the same as those it doesn't work
Who do you think pays the employees?most rich people own businesses, more they save more the spend creating jobs everywere lower cost 4goods
You must read it Shelly! You must ask questions before you open your mouth and incert foot!
According to you there is absolutely nothing the opposite party can ever do correctly   obviously we can't believe your rhetoric as truth
It's for the white plantation owners the remaining has to fen for themselves!
Massive tax cuts for the rich have to be paid for. Watch closely for the other shoe - massive cuts to entitlements. Middle class devastation
Is it only good when democrats cut loop holes for their rich buddies
U can opt for 4th tax bracket on wealthy...make it 60% with NO loopholes so all u in congress can pay MORE taxes!
Don't let him do it please
Trump says tax plan will hurt him; release his returns so we can compare line by line
Long term GOP plan - increase debt then justify cuts  to programs as only way to balance budget. Never increase taxes.
a tax cut with an economy running at nearly full throttle.....?  inflationary, at best

Thank you Senator for your due diligence.
This Trump tax plan will not create Economic growth,so vote no on this tax plan,because this 45 person  is a con man that's who he is.
Let's see, possible future 3.5% growth as opposed to dismal .5 to 1% growth under Obama?  I'll take the 3.5
Too bad, your standard talking points won't work, we DO have Internet to check facts.  U still have your faithful kool-aid drinkers though
Looks like tax rate on rich stays the same, that bad news for u? Maybe ur loopholes will be gone...pooor Shelly!
What is it that frightens Dems if small business get a break?  Maybe they will hire more people? 
Wow, what is it that frightens Dems when people want to keep more of their OWN PAYCHECKS,
I don't think ur facts are straight, Shelly boy!
why are republicans allowed to just go out there and lie? are there hearings? any economist worth their salt can kill this in 3 bullets...
Always claim GOP is for the rich. Funny when more money is donated to DNC from Wall Street. They know who carries the water for them.
Trump agenda
Give it up nobody listens to u idiots u had 8 years and screwed this country n the people over. Now do what the people want n we want the
Can you force them to fund ss and medicare?  Tax reform and budget should be tied to long term  solvency.
We Must Elect More Leaders with Honesty & Integrity. Must Respect & Thank You, Senator Whitehouse. #WeCan
Those that don't care for the tax reform proposal, should sign the petition that exempts them from the changes. I will support your choice
It seems the only thing you are good at is spitting out miss information. Enjoy your retirement from public service.
So basically GOP still getting  rid of poor, disabled,& elderly. Ok got it!
MAGA: 1) Increase top marginal tax rate 2) Retain Estate Tax 3) remove Social Security & Medicaid tax caps. The gold old days = higher taxes
Nobody likes paying taxes. At some point, no more meaningful cuts can be made and revenues must increase. 4) tax or seize offshore funds.
The deficit! @SteveRattner @Morning_Joe
While the GOP plan slashes the income tax rate for the highest earners, it increases the tax rate that applies to many working families.
yep. impeach.
It’s ok all those people clapping for him at his rallies don’t need any money or healthcare or disaster help. They’re happy to give it back.
BUT it’s ok for his cabinet members to use that same taxpayer dollars for their own conveniences.
The "scare the seniors response" of the Democrats. Hasn't changed in 30 years. @NewportLost @bobby4senate18 @MakeNEGrrAgain @DonnaHoyle2
The new tax plan seems to helps everyone in all financial brackets but everything the president tries to do is like...
Don't be confused #45 plan is to help the 1% if you are there you have nothing to worry about but the remaining has to...
What about the millions of people who won't have to pay taxes at all?
Keep publicizing this distortion of justice!
That's a primary plan, to get rid of Medicare, Medicaid & all social programs. Remember the GOP IS DOING THIS WHEN WE HAVE OUR NEXT ELECTION

That is exactly the plan!!

Always with the ridiculously long ties, what's that about?
Compensating for the freakishly microscopic size of his 
That's what I think too, he's so ridiculous.
Actually the tie is the correct length (top of the belt) but, he’s leaning forward making the tie seem longer.
Thanks for sharing. He still has a tiny dick.
Surprise!
Anyone who believes this la la land B.S. the Left constantly feeds you is brain dead and foolish.
Damn you Democrats are pathetic with this B.S. everywhere you turn.
Not at all true
Sounds like Paul Ryan’s WET DREAM!
Oh, like the health bill.Glad to see we get to keep fighting the same battle..Some more.
@MSNBC Are Republicans going to go at this alone on the bogus pretext that the Democrats don't want to work with them? REGULAR ORDER NOW!
LOL did ya read it or just reviews?  #saybyebyetoDCsheldon
He just gives the "scare the seniors" canned response. Doesn't read the bill.
Hey, Outhouse...Can I join your exclusive country club? I'm white and male...
Sure pick on death tax, ok really why does this F'n gov't get to screw you even after you die, can you say Boston Tea Party, dumb ass
@bobbytherep  & what were U doing Shelly while Obama doubled the national debt in 8 years? Tax cuts are for middle class & business VERITAS
@GOP @TheDemocrats #PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow 
#TrumpHelpPuertoRicoNOW
and yet you did not repeal bush tax cuts
that's not true. just bc u say it doesn't make it true.
The "trillions in cuts to the wealthy" could FUND UHC.But, oh, "we can't afford UHC." You and your counterparts talk it up, Senator..g'head!
Im sure your Baileys Beach Club members want the Tax Cut!!! right?
But @SenToomey trying to sell it as a boom for middle class.  Koch sucker?
And let the fear mongering begin.
And you think that is something new?  David Stockman ring a bell? Jeezuz you guys make me ashamed to be a Dem. get a clue.
And cuts for the middle class...
Good.
Current crop of GOP reps/senators will do job they were paid for then retire with their millions with no estate tax for their family. Nice.
I agree, but how is this surprising to anyone who has a brain?
Just so true!
Why don't you give us the same pension as you and same health care or change it to get what we get.  You work for us!
#ImpeachTrump @realDonaldTrump
So, we fellow #Americans join @SenWhitehouse 
#UnitedWeStand to opposing, exclude, #Resist #TrumpTaxPlan 
Republican tax plan=#TrumpTaxScam
Did anyone expect anything less from the GOP?
Get the orange bamboozler out of OUR WHITEHOUSE!
Which part of SOCIAL SECURITY and Medicare is not your money to f#@k with do you not understand?
It is just another way for them to backdoor their cuts
I bet you are lying
Another Fake News Dem response! Hair on fire will be the next move!
Hope it is Trump's yellow mop that bur
Told you!
Medicare & SS cuts are the only goals Republicans share. They just can't stand using Fed $$$ to help anyone but themselves & their donors.
We need universal healthcare reform for all Americans now.scee tax reform
Lies. Did you not read the plan???
Saw this. Not without a fight:
We owe $200T in unfunded liabilities. Without cuts, how will they remain solvent?
Because why......greed.   https://stopgreednow.com/greed-economics-and-the-customer-experience/ …
So what else is new? That is what Republicans do yet fools vote for them again and again. Call them out for what they are. Despicable!
He bettr leave Medicare and SS alone
And the republicans will push this through and smile as the screw the country. Impeach Trump now. Put all republicans on notice.
How about cuts to corporate welfare, >700 foreign military bases and needless wars? Why start with hurting our health?
Is the national debt is no longer a concern?
Not since 1971, but we still pretend it is.
Don't stand for it, Senator. You are one of sane voices in the senate. We need that voice! Tisa from Vermont

Every time a Republican gets into office America takes a step back. With @realDonaldTrump @POTUS it's more like a leap...
@RepLukeMesser @SenToddYoung @SenDonnelly  this is NOT in the best interest of Hoosiers.  No.
Yeah, Senator, we kinda expected as much. So...what are you and the other Dems going to do? We are counting on you.
Change "could" to "definitely will"
Get ready to be played by a fast talking New York con man.
Taxcuts4wealthy precipitate a fiscal crisis, @GOP raids Medicare,Medicaid &SocialSecurity. We all kno it! @gop is s cancer-will kill USall
Yes, and I noticed the small business tax rate was bumped up to 25% compared to the 15% initially baited. Big corps living easy though...
B.S. bartering good car sales man.
AWESOME!  Growth will take care of red ink.  THere will be no cuts in Medicare and Social Security!  #MAGA
The usual trickle down voodoo economics but this time pushed by someone who can lie without shame or penalty.
Nope.  Untrue.  But you know that.
" ... could mean cuts to Medicare & Social Security." That's exactly the intent of this tax cut. 1 way or other Rs want to gut SS & MC.
What a bunch of malarkey!!
Thats why they keep loosing. Nothing is accomplished in a vacuum.  They keep failling and lying.
LOL Over a THOUSAND seats gained under Obama, 5 for 5 special elections, House, Seanate, Whitehouse and 2/3 Governerships, so much losing.HA
OMG it's the Graham/Cassidy Tax Plan!
We don't care about the deficit anymore?
Trumps taxes
Why does our government hate the middle class?
Because they're all rich, white dudes.
A Republican's dream come true.  Thank goodness there are Democrats to stop it!
Lower taxes >big corporations hire > lower unemployment >increase disposable income > increase spending at other businesses > #biggerpicture
Well, not exactly. Lowest unemployment in years has not lead to higher incomes ... particularly not at pace that 1% wealth has increase.
I never said higher incomes.
You literally said "increase disposable income."  How does that happen without "higher incomes?"  The unemployment rate is near record lows
No
