How about Trump? What kind of idiot he is for Vlad! 
Looking at what Trump is doing in Syria and to Iran, I don't think Trump is a Russian Puppet.
he hasn't done a damn thing. You are serious?  Surely you were being sarcastic, that's oblivious.
Well, he did decide to stop arming jihadists in Syria and wither Russia likes or not, that can't be a bad thing.
"decided."  Which ones did he stop arming?
The ones fighting Assad. Best thing Trump ever did since taking office. It'll get better if he stops bombing Syria.
Like minds(no minds) think alike 
could not have said it better myself
So are Trump, Pence, Sessions, Ryan, McConnell, McCarthy, Rohrabacher, and the whole GOP who colluded with Trump to steal the election.
Bull. Voter suppression was implemented and carried out by the GOP not Russia.
Suppression helped elect trump, friend of the oligarchs, ergo the senators tweet
Fair but if we don't call them out on the tools they used to accomplish this coup it's only going to get worse.
Hey I'm w/ u.  Transparent, fair elections are at risk locally, federally + externally.  Y we need #risklimitedaudits, #AVR, + #paperballots
@wvsosoffice @WVGovernor @Sen_JoeManchin @SenCapito @RepMcKinley Protect WV from this voter suppression.
So many idiots, so much usefulness.
Trump picks many useful idiots but he's not really great at manipulating, mostly letting faithful kindred spirits de-construct on their own.
Along with the pseudo president
The Republican Party is a useful idiocy for Putin.
If Kansas wants to let the idiot destroy their state, I'm sorry for my friends there but so be it. Keep him as far away from me as possible.
Must read this prophetic 2014 @KCStar op-ed by a Kansas conservative about megalomaniac Kobach.
That is truly frightening-and of course hes still spewing his hate & now he found a friend in Trump!! 2 evil professors destroying the U.S.
More like Kobach is a 21st century Nazi. A Boy from Brazil if there ever was one.
Russia has enough useful American idiots to fill a football roster!
@holesinthefoam So is DJT himself.
Thank you.  The #VoterSuppressionCommission ought to be improving the franchise, securing elections from cyber attacks
Hey, I remember that pic! It's the one where Kobach accidentally revealed his crappy @DHSgov plans to all & sundry
Citizens who voted only once should not worry!  Other voters, get ready to be prosecuted!

The whole WH gang is more like useless idiots.
and voting rights...
So now stopping illegal voting from happening isn't in America's best interest but Russia's? No, Dems, it's not in YOUR best interest.
Citizens who voted only once should not worry!  Other voters, get ready to be prosecuted!
Stop downplaying this. "Useful idiots" are doing a lot of damage
Fine. Then let @realDonaldTrump resign and let's inaugurate @HillaryClinton to take his place.
The GOP seems to have cornered the market on morons & anti-freedom thinking administrators. Never saw such a collection of wackos in my life
And I truly hope never again.
No shortage of useful idiots these days
There was a village idiots’ convention in Minsk: Village idiots from all over Russia were meeting there
Woody Allen

View of Kobach arriving
America has managed to provide quite a few useful idiots for Russia
Agreed. And now via Reuters report Trump and Russia are building super computer cyber team 2000. We can let them practice on our voter rolls
Whether he's useful is subject to debate.
#Traitor
And I'm SURE he knows it! Voter suppression affects Democrats far far more than R and their goal here could not be more obvious .
So is Trump
Another pissant to expire (sooner rather than later) beneath the great, calloused Heel of History.
Another one! They could start a club!
Lots of warts on the trump Putin train . I guess they don't care if they go down on this sinking ship and ruin their careers
That pretty much explains everyone in this administration.

What is the medal one can get for extraordinary service to Russia?  He has one soon to be awarded. What a total fool
Kind of curious why the left loses its mind everytime somone talks about making sure the vote is legit. Methinks they protest too much.
I hope people read this article.  I hope Utah's governor reads it, and the LG, and I hope they have the courage to resist. #utpol #utah
Nice that he is making it easier to have our information hacked. Solution to a problem that doesn't exist.

Right on the point. He is a idiot.
Ironic that you try to slap that moniker on Koback WaPo, when you have the likes of Carl Bernstein in your ranks. No appreciation of history
#NeverKobach
As tRump & Tillerson work on cyber security with Russia. Great, selling America for self profit. We need to give Russia all our info...NOT!
By this metric Trump is pretty much a useless idiot for America.
All the President's men...
Would have also accepted "Kobach is an idiot"
you mean, "another."
