Shameful democrats just obstruct bc they have no ideas. Trump & Republicans in 2018&2020 #MAGA
Oh Nooooo have u??
Who the hell names their child "Misty" 
RightDems r childish&have no good issues to run on bc they only believe in themselves
Obamacare killed good healthcare in this country for millions of Americans, what makes you think you are qualified to speak on the subject?
Speak for yourself since you are probably getting yours from work or FREE. For those of us who were forced to pay, millions of us have none
If you aren't in top 1% of earners, I hate to break it to you but you mean nothing to the GOP. The @SenateDems you're attacking have ur back
lmao.  They care only about themselves and non-citizens.
U nailed it 100%. Nancy needs to inform herself better but of course she won't because she hates Democrats more than she hates being conned
Watch for more from progressive liberal Socialist democrats followers of Saul Alinsky
One step from communist
Obamacare failure not caused by Trump - http://go.shr.lc/2sc9Fpz  - @washtimes
Work with GOP to create not just block, expand HSA's and TANF 
Obamacare failure not caused by Trump - http://go.shr.lc/2sc9Fpz  - @washtimes
Obamacare failure not caused by Trump - http://go.shr.lc/2sc9Fpz  - @washtimes
I'm having my funeral bill sent to them!
Send it to God. We all die. #Fools  Obamacare failure not caused by Trump - http://go.shr.lc/2sc9Fpz  - @washtimes
Were you sounding the alarm, when you passed the "we'll have to pass the bill to see what's in it" Obamacare bill? Complete & utter failure!
more scare tactics. What's ur message moving forward.  Oh yeah u don't have one.
withhold unanimous consent & demand filibuster by amendment! Save our healthcare!
awesome. you're blocking something you haven't read. who comes up with this stuff?
I'll bet you feel real good now. Look everybody,Chucky the Fly actually did something other that complain. Keep up the good work
You guys need to do something much bolder to block this!
Medicaid exp. Important! Plzzz let my coworkers know preexisting conditions caps on care affect ALL of us! No empty insurance like b4 ACA!
Why? Thought u didn't know what was in the bill. So u do know. Were u lying. What is the matter with u people in Washington? Dems and Reps
Proud to be Democrat today. Great job holding the floor this evening & holding Republicans accountable. Keep it up.
bunch of terrorists is the dems TRUTH!!!!
I'm watching the live coverage from the Senate Democrats FB page. I want to thank all of you for holding the floor & speaking on our behalf.
Republicans need a few democrats to vote for the replacement plan. Can we count on you?  Obstruction will get old after 7 more years.
Schumer should be an actor in Hollywood, California 
Sorry a comedian 
Disgrace!
Schrumer can NOT BE TRUSTED. Corrupt to the CORE.
Plz show video of Mary-Beth, if #TrumpCare passes she will die because of high risk pool  https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1498435970187888/ … my video has 5.5 mil views
Love how @SenWhitehouse always brings visual aids
America is getting more than tired of Schumer's incessant negative blabber that is totally partisan and has NO value.

Obstruction at its finest! You failed healthcare, you lose.
Thank you for this! #HoldTheFloor
Chucky he's laughing at you!
Thank you! Keep it up! Next step? #FilibusterByAmendment
#HoldTheFloor #Obstructionists 
Collecting your Liberal tears!!!
Schumer the sniveling snake
Why dont you demand accountability for all the missing agency monet and stop huddling around Trumps underwear. Do your damn jobs
Thank you!
Shumer, shouldn't you be on stronger meds, you out dated, has been enemy of the Republic?
Thank you
Wasn't @NancyPelosi who said .. "we'll have to pass it, to see what's in it..." I encourage @SenateMajLdr to use the nuclear option on dems!
Couple of criminals. #Obstructionists

Please reach across the isle and let them know America deserves affordable healthcare.
Thank you for looking out for American's best interest
How about both parties actually work together to get insurance companies back in the HC market so premiums & service gets better
No money in it. . they have 1/2 the country fighting each other they can continue the game. . . .
What else is new ,  obstructionist !!!! That's all they are
thank you Senators for speaking the truth no hearing on TRUMPCARE no Vote thank you all tell the @SenateGOP to work together as they said
Perhaps they will win this battle but for sure they will lose the war.
Thank you for fighting for us! SHUT THEM DOWN!!! You see how Mitch McConnell acts? Dems need to be that way too!! DEMAND!!!
Thank you Dems!
The govt doesn't have a working healthcare program that they can turn to as a success story.
Many Drs refuse to accept new Medicare patients
So proud of all of you! Keep up the pressure!
Truth is that people drafting the heath-care bill have country's best interest at hear. Something that you dont!
We know it can be a thankless job, but countless Americans thank you.
Watching. I would hope Senate dems woukd insist on being involved in this bill.
Keep it up! #HoldTheFloor
Democrats have gone 100% anti-American.
