No, what is embarrassing is a policy embracing total self destruction that fears Islamophobia more than Islamic supremacy.
Over 200 Americans die from diabetes every day—but a lack of universal health care isn't "a policy embracing total self destruction"?
Does diabetes have a 1400-year history rooted in written texts that say it must subjugate the entire world? I must have missed that.
It's been around longer than terrorism, killed more than terrorism, and is easier to control than terrorism.
AND HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH TERRORISM you twit.
It has to do with priorities that actually kill Americans and not fantasyland fear mongering over a tiny (yet noisy) threat.
Islam has killed over 500 people this year. Historically, the death toll is in the millions. https://www.thereligionofpeace.com/ 
Trump's ONLY success is making him THE most hated POTUS in US history.
By the left you mean
Look at the polls, including FOX! Trump is hated by the world too!
Lol, polls from the same sources that said Hillary would win the election. People in Africa went to d streets to celebrate his election win
Yes and we ALL know he Trump Lost by 3 million votes.
California does not speak for the nation. #Maga
#MAGA Morons Are Governing America
Say what you want even though it's worthless.  Feel free to get the hec out.
Liberals are way more worried about appearance, than being safe..
In the globalization era, where the world is as one small global village, appearance is key
One small village producing, earning, and spending many times more than most others combined... What a stupid anology
1st- you got it wrong.. the globe is one small village, not only the US. 2nd- relating to contribution & emission per capita, USA isn't high
Go study world GDP and get back to me...
No need friend. I think I understand this stuff pretty well and besides, all the information is easily available online :)
Let's hope the rest of the world knows that some/most Americans aren't as ignorant as the large orange mess that is the president!
It's ok, we know. Being a Muslim I wouldn't want ppl to judge my religion bcoz of the actions of a few. Hence I wouldn't do that to others.
Not nearly as much as Khan the mayor who uses terrorism but refuses
ISLAMIC in same sentence & who claims London safest in world
Bcoz no religion correlates with terrorism, my dear. Not Islam, nor any religion. Terrorists fight for political cause, not religious.
You must have a sense of awareness in order to embarrass yourself
surprise surprise
Liberals are so blinded by political correctness, they would rather be martyred by Muslims than publicly admit Islam is the problem.
No, economic inequality is the problem. If you people ever bother to read and study you'd understand that Islam is not the root cause.
Dntendeu
As  vividly shown by your posts, you are not newsmen. You are mudslingers . That is a hate campaign and we are watching.
Love America but you're being shamed by your president 
I, as an American, apologize to the people of Britain for the clumsy responses from our White House. We pray for all touched by this tragedy
Thanks for your prays and in return we pray that your country will awake from its current nightmare and become the land of the free again.
Isn't that the truth!!!It's like a sea of idiots here.  I love my country but how this village idiot has amassed an army of followers is sad
He needs to worry about his own country. The rise of neo-Nazism like the stabbings and deaths in Portland. Nothing on that. #londonattack
Exactly, any extremist is a problem. Crazy has no religion or country
#Trump urges travel ban, end to #Political_Correctness (EXCEPT: 'PC' for #TRUMP means WALLS and BANS which stop NOTHING).
#TRUMP has MISSED countless PARADIGM SHIFTS so does NOT even KNOW what IS 'POLITICALLY CORRECT' any more.
DJT is the worst kind of opportunist. He trades in human tragedy for political gain. We should all be deeply ashamed and embarrassed.
I personally am deeply ashamed that u r an American...not supporting your @POTUS ...
I have never claimed him as my personal savior. I have no party affiliation. I AM A PARTY OF ONE. THERE ARE MILLIONS OF US.
U should still support your @POTUS ...
I have been ashamed of @realDonaldTrump the since he lead the Birthers. I become nauseous with disgust whenever I see him.
He had diminished this country in the eyes of the world in a relatively short period of time! Embarrassing - we have an idiot for president
Embarrassing that we have liberals
You and the rest of the Trumpkins are nothing more that braindead sheep.
You.
Bore.
Me.
I'm with you! I no longer respond to Trumpians as it is just a waste of time and I have no time or care for them anymore!
Don't be mislead by extreme Leftists at the Bezos Blog, owned by monopolist 
Jeff Bezos of Amazon. The Mayor of Londonistan is a fraud!
Where did this guy come from? An illiterate Millionaire!!, Who has no self esteem! Who wants to get even with the World!!
Totally ashamed to be an american with a lunatic in thw W/H  did NOT like him, did NOT vote 4 him, #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump
T is too ill to be embarrassed.  We are not embarrassed ... We are HUMILIATED!
Lets not forget that unarmed cops ran TOWARDS the murderers. One tackled all 3 with just his night-stick.  Thats what our cops do.
@realDonaldTrump has NO BUSINESS BEING POTUS #ExGOP #CountryOverParty #TheResistance
It's not just embarrassing, trumps tweets are cruel to a city that's just been attacked. #ImpeachTrump
Absolutely
Why is the redundant word "London" in the headline? Maybe "With his London tweets" is redundant as well. #IgnoranceInCharge
He doesn't embarrass us; he shames us. Day in, day out. His recent tweetstorm shows what a pathetic, soulless, cruel @realDonaldTrump is SAD
Total embarrassment & so scary!  Can't believe this is our USA...what a mess!
The Washington Post is AGAIN incorrectly interpreting the POTUS' words & instead inserting their politics--NOT GOOD REPORTING
We have discovered a potentially fatal flaw in our Constitution. What to do if the voters elect a totally & irredeemably unqualified POTUS
The solution is there, the Republicans are in denial. Every damn one of them need booted out of congress.
Republican Congress is playing a dangerous game of chicken. 

From Jan '17:
Hope it comes back to bite them.
America is better than Trump. We will uphold our Constitution & stand with our Allies thru these dangerous times.
He's an embarrassment to the entire world
#FakeNewsMedia at it's best.
I dont understand Russian bots kept using cartoons as their profile photo. Hello? Can you idiots at least make it harder for us to spot you?
Why don't you just put an Isis flag in front of your building Washington Post is full of traitors
Actually, WAPO is an embarrassment to free press and authentic, true journalism
So sad.
I have said and will say again this time with stronger conviction " that if Trump Donald does not embarrass USA, USA  will embarrass him
Actually your paper is made fun of 10 x's more than @POTUS. Your #fakenews is an embarrassment.
835
POTUS tweets are like a car crash. we have to look. Gets coverage air time etc. But we need to ignore and do what we need to do.
Crooked Donnie is a loser at everything he does. His lies take away credibility and his tweets set him up. No leadership here. Sad!
Wash Post has finally established themselves as the Toilet Ring of all feces! Save Subscription$ read Inquirer @ Grocery Store 4 Accuracy!
Boy do I agree. He made a fool of himself once again. It may take time but some of his supporters will catch on
Clowns
Protecting families from crazed jihadists is now "embarrassing". Washington Post has no credibility. NYTimes is even worse.
Not to the American ppl who are not the elitist group like U. He has spoken wisdom, if UK wants terror to stop then quit letting them in
. NEEDS A PSYCH EVAL !!
He didn't embarrass America. He once again embarrassed himself.
Apologies on behalf of Americans for the buffoon currently running the US.  Apologies for the majority that didn't vote for him.
After you have soul ready, then I recommend full martial arts training, a black belt in karate can disarm snd take down several with weapons
Wrong
Haha didn't know Leftist considered themselves Americans? Thought they were just "Citizens of the World."
Trump not embarrassing his self. He's doing what Americans voted him to do. Your paper is embarrassing and full of fake news.
Embarrassment? How about all those false stories published by @washintonpost with 'unconfirmed' sources. Pathetic 'journalism'! #MyPresident
Somebody needed to say it....looks like Trump tweaks the libbies again..
WaPo is Isis. FAKE NEWS
I love how our elites get to decide what disgraces us from their insular bubble. Mommy, make that bad man go away. He's scaring me!
Mr President...please shut up
@SenWhitehouse    Please know England we are with you and embarrassed by HIM
He didn't.  Look at the nonsense Maxine Waters spewed if you want embarrassing.
Trump's not running over and stabbing people. #ExtremeVetting
Is anyone surprised? Trump embarassing America is a daily event.
Amazon's Jeff Bezos is scared of @realDonaldTrump isn't he? "Getting knocked on your ass isn't half as bad as being afraid of it." ---My Dad
Liberals embarrass themselves every time there's a terrorist attack and they jump to defend the very people that cause us harm.
More horse shit from WPO
The onlyyyyy thing he has been consistent with
Dead on insight.Passed outrage to just disgust,for Trump;for those who voted him in and why;for those who cheer him and why
Speak for yourself, I am proud of my president!
Ah, current events seem to prove him, and the American ppl, right again! Trump-nailed it!
All Trumpelthinskin has to do to embarrass the U.S. is open his mouth.
It did not embarrass those who see the problem of radicalization.  Go @realDonaldTrump ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain !
The President voiced what non-coastal America feels - and what we see in Euroland is not what we want here. #Sovereignty
Let's stipulate is embarrassing all the way thru for 4 years.
The question is how long is the UK going accept the sacrifice of its people in the name of tolerance and diversity?
Your opinion is WRONG! I am an American who is not embarrassed by our president. However I am embarrassed at the propaganda spewed by #MSM.
WAPO stop causing controversy and stop writing these negative articles about President Trump in  NZ we are sick of your hate
The more you attack our President the greater our resistance to you. Nobody elected WAPO, we elected him, you're the illegitimate one.
Your blatantly fake news is what is embarrassing and divisive and dangerous.
Are we embarrassed yet?
You take stupidity to a new level.
Sorry @washingtonpost but America doesn't consists of only NYC and CA libturds and alt-left psychopaths!
No one asked for your opinion....
You are the embarrassment. Please stop spreading propaganda. You are evil. Satan spawn.
WaPo only ones embarrassing themselves.
Hashtags make you van-proof, people. Moar silly flags and flowers and concerts! All we need is love! London is lost.
No wonder the rest of the world is laughing at the USA
@SenWhitehouse Partisan bloviating. Glad I cancelled my subscription. Here's to your eventual demise.
I'm at a loss for words to express what an awful human being Jennifer Rubin is
May Dogs pee on the Post.
"God Bless our POTUS"
The man need take stock and learn to think
I see nothing amiss in Trump's reaction. The travel ban is pure common sense.
At least he didn't go Golfing or to a Party like Obama did after an American be heading or Libya where 4 died.
I honor your hurt and deceased in London and pray that you forgive us for Trump
NO he does not! You embarrass the USA and have for last 50 years. You're evil liars and have always been. Just shut up.
With his /fill in the blank with pretty much anything/, Trump embarrasses himself - and America - once again.

Feel free to reuse as needed.
Idiot.
All the love in my heart goes out to the victims and their families in yesterday's terror attack in London.
Uugh :(
President Trump hasn't embarrassed us with anything! Without his tweets we'd have 2 hear media trash on our @POTUS! ONLY TRUST PRES TRUMP
Delete your account.
And there are people who actually like this turd???#We Can Do Better...Than tHis
So when your narrative is proven wrong just make the truth offensive. WP is a joke!
And fake news doesn't?
What's new
Washington post is terrorism! all Muslims are terrorists, even those that don't condemn muslims radical Islamic terrorism!!
I'm not embarrassed by him anymore.  We're all laughing at him.
It is mentally ill liberal media who are disgracing America. With half-cocked rumorfeasts involving @POTUS & his admin. Standards low @ WaPo
45 is the epitome of "the ugly American", not giving true empathy to UK, all about him.
Everyone knows we are struck with this asshole until he is impeached. Oh God make it soon~~~~
And what the point here?has he done any not embarrassing lately. Expect nothing and you will not be surprised
I'd rather have a political leadership who says the wrong things but do the right than vice versa.
To the Press thank U, U are the heroes of the story and if our Union is saved it will B because of the reporters and the first Amendment
I thought Trumps tweets were very appropriate for London. We will call you Wapoop from now on.always seem to be talking out of your ass.
This tweet shows your terrible #Liberal bias.
@POTUS tweets say EXACTLY what needed to be said.
@WashingtonPost you are a danger to #America
Yes he has and along with him are many of his supporters. One can appear to be strong on twitter and say all kinds of crap.
The Real Reason American's should be afraid. Your TV is Lying to You #USA #UK About #syria #iraq #iran and #ISIS
You are a treasonous lie machine
I would bust a gut laughing at this idiot but issues 2 serious.  What were u folks thinking 2 vote 4 T. USA losing respect of the world.
He doesn't embarrass me, he enrages me!
Cant you please just relay the facts and let the tweeters opine?
MSM will never understand who the real embarrassment is. Haven't gotten a thing right in over a year.. idiots
He is not embarrassed.
Yes
I note Jennifer is quick to denounce Trump for tweets but fails to denounce the cruelty of those and their ideology that killed innocent ppl
Opinion: Washington Post is fake news
Let's see; I was taught to get a job and get decent health care. Has not been an issue since 1981. Job=healthcare..
Its coming and soon the russians bs is going away and now its going to be Obama  Clinton's, Rice,Yates, lynch,  and the former ambassador 
Of course he embarrasses us. He does it all the time
At Least President Trump has balls to say it like it is,  cant wait for Obama and the rest of his terrorist group get locked up /treason
wow you are such #fakenews. Tell your buddy Podesta that he is going down
At this point I'd rather see his college transcripts than his taxes!
We will not miss you ...  and those travel bans in 2 weeks they will be in place
No just the compost
Trump is the attack on America that will last four years.
To all the name sayers here if you don't like this country or its constitutional rights please remove your ass go to Syria or etc. Gooooooo
Everyone can see what is wrong with Trump, because the same issues are present in their own lives, which is why it's so easily percieved.
Ugh, not really opinion man...
He hasn't embarrassed us. Maybe the left wing liberals. But not those who HAVE NOT been indoctrinated into Marxism.
Turn his phones off. All of them. Immediately. Save him from himself and save the rest of us, too.
@anik1968 @JCoker13 His comments were insensitive.  No respect for the deceased and the victims of last night.
President Trump ISN'T an embarrassment. The only people who are embarrassed by him are the fools who don't matter in the big picture anyway.
Only you & your ilk are embarrassed!  Damn the PC that is opening the doors 2 our enemies handing them the machetes to slice our throats!
Gotta love this classless president rich POS.
True, except for his base, which eats it up. Wish I had hope for bridging that chasm, by it only grows wider with every new tweet, by anyone
Your the embarrassment
Nice job @JRubinBlogger. Shame more Republicans don't have your sensibility
What will he say if Moscow has attack
I don't think anyone outside the USA even remotely associates that imbecile with the rest of America. There's the USA...and there's Trump! 
Liars
No he doesn't.  We have a voice through President Trump. When he tweets,  it's The People talking. He's just the messenger.
Where's the thoughts and prayers for the people of London. Your looking far worse then Trump.
I wish he would stop embarrassing the country!
his tweet got 110k likes this story 5k so u tell me :) @potus
Seems the rest of the world may soon see President Trump as irrelevant.
Why don't u go play with David Brock...always throwing mud  at your @POTUS ...
Can they just take away his phone already? He's ridiculous 
.@realDonaldTrump is nothing more than a sick, tiny little man inside. #BLOTUS
We, the people LOVE his tweets so peddle your bullshit somewhere else
Scorn of the Khans, a Gold Star father, Khizr Khan & Mayor Sadiq Khan to further his executive order to ban Muslims. An ugly American, Trump
Fact : you guys are biased and anti American and disgusting fake news with an agenda
Q: How many more world leaders will our @POTUS continue to insult & degrade? A: Count how many there are, subtract the despots & dictators.
Says who?
I completely support Pres.Trump and his tweets! His values are mine! We need to stop PC when it comes to Radical Islam!
