YOU IMPEACH HIM. REMOVE THE STAIN FROM OUR WHITEHOUSE!!!!
It’s funny how you call trump a stain when we finally got rid of the shit stain of a nigger out of the whitehouse!!!
You need to take him out @Twitter
Go report me cause you can’t handle it and hide in your safe space I don’t care I will speak out what I feel just as you do I have the right
Do you need some cheese for the whine? Or is gaming so influxed with foreign players that you can't find a better job? Or Google for news?
I’m a disabled vet so I do what I can with the injuries I have and the luxury of staying home and stream games.
disabled nazi vet, you mean? Good looks, son.
Why tell us? What the bloody fuck do you expect us to do about it? Isn't it *YOUR* job, not ours, to stop Trump's crimes against us?
Here's how: IMPEACH HIM.
Senator Whitehouse is, you know, sorta like in the Sebate. the House of Representatives has to impeach the President. Other ideas?.
Maybe the Senator knows some people in the House that he could talk to about it.
FYI Republicans control the House. It’s so  easy to demand impeachment. It’s obvious, but hugely difficult to get done.
Yes, I know that. And I really don't want Pres. Pence, either. But I can't possibly be the only person who ever vented on Twitter, can I?
I guess I am frustrated by all the magical thinking. I am a realist.
I share your frustration. No magical thinking here. Do you have any suggestions? Here's mine:
 He offers a compromise he knows they won’t take. Meanwhile, deportations go on & laws get passed to stop illegal immigration. #MAGA
That’s exactly how he’s done business all of his life senator & how his father did it. Ruthless!
We the people ALREADY voted to #EndDACA & #DEPORT illegal aliens NOW to Keep American Citizens safe 
STOP OBSTRUCTING SHELDON
We the people did NOT vote to end DACA or Deport. You the minority did & the Russian bots
Birds of a feather     both of you speak with forked toung
Why is anyone still believing Pres Trump's word is any good? #shortmemoryspan
Wow never heard of you Mr whitehouse before today- what a hate-filled heart you have! Smh
Get rid of him!
Impeach or remove him. Represent your state.
I hope @SenateDems & @HouseDemocrats continue updating articles of impeachment. I think of you often as Trump destroys US' green economy.
Impeach.
Dems don't make deals, it's only doing YOUR DEAL! Trump came up with pretty good deal. U don't like it? Deport the DACA students then!
Impeach the son of a bitch. NOW.
25th Amendment
Starts with an "I" and ends in "mpeach "
#ImpeachTrump
He can't fulfill the duties of his office. He betrays Americans and violates the Constitution every day. YOU IMPEACH HIM.
Face it DACA is illegal , been here breaking laws and now want preferential treatment .
IMPEACH. Resist. Vote dem in 2018 and beyond
And this is a surprise?
 Dealing with that > dealing w/ the left.
You just threw away 50 years of progress and you want daca? tell traitor slanders to give you daca.
Creep

Let's smoke the pipe &there will be no lies between us Elected off. won't federally recognized all American Indian tribes!And u want truth 
He is ruining this country.We are the laughing stock of the world.His nasty tweets & foul mouth are going to start a war. GET RID OF HIM.
Impeach him? He’s obviously unfit for office. 25th Amendment please. Someone has to grow some balls in Congress. This is ludicrous.
Shelly would be selling used cars if he didn't get lucky!
He's going to start world War 3.
Imagine our surprise...
But I thought he was the best deal maker? A business man?
He should have kept his word and cancelled it day one.  Deport all of them  l
What will the world say when it discovers what was done on his watch?  What will we be?
TBH America is STILL discovering the corruption &the mess left from 44 & very little is being said or done.Maybe Trump can expect the same.
Trump does it to antagonize Democrats. It's a tactic he's used many times during his "career"--rope people in, then stab them. Mafia.
More disinformation from the disfuncional left propaganda machine. No solutions....just criticism and spin.
If is possible to find enough individuals in Congress who are true patriots & can put country over party they should review 25th amendment.
Impeach 
Dont back down.
Here’s how it goes everytime you’ll try w DT:
with impeachment
Remove him from office, he is unfit to serve. Pence is worse.
You fire him!  Or was your question rhetorical?
Anyone surprised that Trump can't be trusted and doesn't keep his word?
#ImpeachTrumpAdministrationNOW
You don’t—you impeach or invoke the 25th. He is a danger to us all.
Trump Outlines Sweeping Immigration Reform in DACA Deal
We should ask people in RI the same thing about you.
Well said!
Dreamers deserve better. Republicans should stand-up and give support to Dreamers. Y'all you'll need some Mercy/and Grace one day.
There not dreamers there illegal immigrants
25th amendment.  He is completely unfit for office!!!
How does anyone deal with it. I still hope to wake up from this nightmare. He has taken us back to a dark time in our country. Unbelievable!
If anybody is surprised by this raise your hand!
You are taking Pelosi and Schumer at their word. There's a strong chance they were not being honest about their conversation with Trump.
You deal by thinking up some worst case scenario stuff and betting thats the choices he will make.
Impeachment
You don’t you, resist him always!
@realDonaldTrump has no conscience or sense of duty to humanity.  Money and revenge drive him - he is a lost cause, as a human and leader.
You can't.

No one friend or foe can believe a word he says.  It is pathetic he is @potus.
We're living in a disfunctional America. It's "broken family" syndrome.
Zero deal, please. Just impeach...the war is too close....
@bannerite @politico That's Trump; he's been a lying scum bag for decades; Ask New Yorkers who "know a Con when they see one"
That's NYC residents, not the outer boroughs or rural upstate
You send his worst enemies in to  greet him. Make him squirm. When confronted with truth, narcissists explode. That starts downward spiral.
Ignore the President and work with your fellow Senators to create a decent clean DACA law
OMG I hope he is not turning into a Democrat
If we can't get more stringent immigration policy in exchange for amnesty for people who are here illegally, what the hell is the point?
You wait patiently for Mueller to get rid of him.
He is a lunatic. Will you senators pull the twenty fifth amendment already??  Hurry up.
Stop recognizing the President part, and instead bypass the incompetent individual in ways that honor the people. Precedence is lost on him.
The Presidency of Trump has no sacred value, no honor, no integrity, no discipline, no heart and no love. What to do?
Like Obama ?
You don't - has no ethics, no morals, no conscience - and as Rex Tillerson would not deny - he lacks intellectual integrity
Simple. He is showing signs of erratic behavior & mental instability that place the country in grave danger. Invoke the 25th Amendment NOW
I was going to say this ... Corker hinted at mental instability. Trump lives in his own demented bubble.
How does one double-cross on an agreement that didn't exist?  (Except in the minds of Lyin' Cryin' Chuck the Schmuck and Nancy Nonsense)
Exactly!!!
Good luck!

#DeportThemAll illegals must leave and re enter hey idiot politician resign there's a new revolution coming #TermLimits no career politician
You're following a con man. Good luck.
Is there a politician that’s not like that?
Exactly! Why would any country make a deal with #DonTheDealbreaker
Impeach him for the Russian traitor he is
Upset that he he is forcing your hands Shelly??? You and your colleagues have done nothing for these kids except keep them in limbo #MAGA
You don’t. You don’t “deal”. Fuck these people
You don't. He's a conman.
And why are we even wondering about that?

Ignore him ? The house needs to get its shit together ... tell @SpeakerRyan to grow some balls !
Impeachment, sir.  Impeachment.
tRump has spawned a new underground. His security problem just got much worse. That was stupid. He truly is a moron.
Hope like hell that Lindsey Graham's golf game pays off.
You can't he has no loyalty only to himself that has been his whole life look at Atlantic city he came out of small businesses didn't
He's the best thing America has seen since 1984
John 8:7
No one can trust Trump! He only cares about himself!
Lol like anyone can trust a Democratic President
You nominate @SenSanders for potus instead of a corporatist warmonger. @DraftBernie @jimmy_dore @KyleKulinski
You invoke the 25th Amendment
Why are there no impeachment proceedings?
You impeach it.
