we know know methane warms the cushion he's sitting on
you can't disagree on a fact
Sponsered by Trump!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I can't help but think of the Dr Seuss story about the Lorax. Pruitt must be a Thneed salesman on the side.
Shouldn't the first qualification for being the EPA chief be that one is actually interested in protecting the environment?
I forgot that Pruitt has a PhD in environmental sciences and ecology.
according to Breitbart?
ha! I'm sure Bannon gave him an honorary degree from Brietbart University.
And a B.S. in bs from Trump U.
EPA chief is a study in corruption and is completely in fossil fuel corporate pocket - he, like POTUS, is an embarrassment.
Willful ignorance at the helm.
BREAKING: Entire scientific community agrees that CO2 IS primary contributor, and Pruitt is a Koch sucker.
JUST IN: Science works even if you don't believe in it: fact.
right! They should stop taking their heart meds and vagrant Too! #medicineisscience
*viagra
how tf do people still think they can "disagree" with scientific facts in 2017...
- Ask the people who thinks there are 51 genders and men also menstruate.
.@Reuters @chiefmalegs So what? The new @EPA Chief is deeply incompetent about climate, except as a merchant of doubt @NaomiOreskes
Well what is the human contribution exactly?
He won't be able to tell you. That's how "settled" the science is.
For wt purpose?
The key word here is "primary".
let's lock him in a room with co2 pumped in.... Yeah I'm sure he could breath it. ..
The bubble in which Pruitt is living is very small indeed.
Surpried at @ScottPruittOK lack of science understanding? He knew enough to turn Oklahoma into the Earthquake Capital of the world
he's just a fracking jolly Roger! Governor mcruddy wanted to do the same to NC....
we voted his butt out
@alshaammari 
Cc: @sabbanms
Greenhouse gas emissions from human activity is the main cause of climate change @EPAScottPruitt: http://ow.ly/FdKi309L3kz  #Pruitt
Gosh....140 years is not a large enough slice of history to determine anything
Everyone knows that "global warming" is happening because Jesus has temporarily placed a virtual sweater around the Earth!
I thought it was the Republifucks stoking the devils fires beneath us.... They are a product of hell n Damnation
SCIENCE IS REAL! right, @tmbg @neiltyson ?
that's why he got the job
only people dumber than trumpleknownothing can be on his cabinet. He has to be the smartest person or he's offended
Pruitt must be ANOTHER Republican flunky from private school
He's been smoking way much Phillip Morris who believe that cigarettes prevent cancer and that most, 99% of humanity is expendable
What a maroon
Oy vey. Could this goober pass elem science test? Gonna do to EPA what horse-show host did to FEMA: "Brownie, ur doin' heckava job"
then he went home and slept in his coffin like the vampire he is sucking the life out of our planet and killing our future!
did anyone in trump's cabinet go to school? Government is a confederacy of dunces.
@westgal51 No they are looking forward 2 live on Mars...research this..millionaires going to live on Mars.
it's evidence-based. Nobody can disagree with facts, except for those who believe "alternative facts" aren't lies or fantasies.
people cause global warming ?  We need to get rid of some of these breeders.
so who should be surprised if #ScottPruitt disagrees? He did he not forsake the world is flat?
you know if a small 20-ton asteroid was 2  impact on the East Coast it would just save the rest of the planet the trouble..
Breaking news!  Man has I.Q. Of 5 and gets Cabinet position.
If he doesn't believe the vast majority of scientists, who does he believe?  What's his sources is info?
He was brought in an EPA destroyer so this cannot be news to any informed person. Pruitt is an extremist to.say the least.
Scott Pruitt needs to be replaced with someone that understands the concept of ecosystems. L2R.
he understands and knows... he's just another evil liar like his putin loving boss
when is someone going 2 do something about Trump & his bunch of clowns? Surely there is some legal challenge that could be brought?
Sorry.  Trump is the result of 8 years of Obama.
Pruitt was installed to destroy the agency he was appointed to lead.
that's a bit like putting [Bill Kaysing] as head of NASA...
Any word on his thoughts in gravity?  And this is how humanity ends, not with a bang but with useless reality deniers........
@EPAScottPruitt is just another clown on the trump train...none care about american people or environment, filled with green greed.
Does Pruitt "agree" Earth is round?
I swear if he gets too close to the edge of the world I'm shoving him right off.  Fact. @Reuters
No surprise, he still thinks the earth is flat. #resist
yeah, I struggled in science class too.
Pruitt needs to remember: Real Science doesn't care what you 'think'.
@SenWhitehouse doomed
He is an ass.  These people are going to reduce this country to rubble.  Oh Lord help us!
This should surprise no one. #Voting and who you #vote for matters...biggly!
@SenWhitehouse The next thing he will say, Trump is insane. #climatechange
maybe clarify in your headline that Pruitt is incorrect
I DEMAND he shows PROOF!
Sorry 'Chief Eviro Pidlie Ass'...it is!!! Solutions are wrong!!!  Stop deforestation & plant millions of trees!!!
it's only just begun...
What was That in your bible ?
This is truly sad. He 'disagrees'? Show us the proof, Pruitt!
unbelievable.....they really think the world evolved around theirs stupidly arrogant conservatives policies from 2 centuries ago ..
I just heard this interview- he hmm' d and haw'd through his entire statement. It was painful to listen to.
Doesn't understand equilibrium constants that are not actually constant. WE are led by FLATLINERS #FLATLINERS
Mr. Pruitt's attack on Oklahomans has left the state shaking; fracking has changed its seismology; he attacked state's EPA.
So a former Attorney General thinks he knows more about climate change than CAREER scientists ?

Republicans strike again
@EPAScottPruitt @ungaggedEPA @POTUS add some context and tell us what is the primary contributor #alternativefacts #smokescreen
get me out of this "alternate universe"
Oh Boy!  Another politician that thinks he knows more than 99+% of climate scientists.  Thanks Biff...
Galileo in house arrest for saying the sun doesn't revolves around the earth.
Scott Pruitt  is a no-nothing loon, just like his boss..
Breaking News: Based on actual measurements (versus the CO2/water vapor heavy models) it's not.
wait till okalahoma expodes and he will blame obama
Of courrrrrrrrrrse.
But will Pruitt be out of a job when he dismantles the EPA?
This guy should have never been put in charge of EPA and our environment. His goal is destruction.
They should dig deeper, I am sure he believes gravity is not real either 
wow
He's right!! It's actually walrus farts!!
It's the sun people,it going through changes it'll be ok
- Remove this department..
Yeah, but Hillary's emails are way more important.
Nevermind that GLOBAL SCIENTIFIC CONSENSUS saying that it is. This is really sad
Not buying the "does not believe" dodge. Just like Trump.  We don't care what they believe...we care about facts.
This just in: the earth is flat just like Pruitt's brainwaves.
phew....I was worried that those thousands and thousands of scientists were right.
His PhD is from where again?
Yeah, and his science degrees give him the authority to dispute the facts. He is an evil, greedy fuckwad.
No surprise. This just in: When will Scott Pruitt start to PROTECT the environment. What is he adding to do so? Waiting............
@kameha22 He also just found Atlantis. But he only found it because the ice caps melted and revealed it so I guess it's 50/50
Yes he's oblivious to reality
Un-Friggen-Believeable!
This is a headline?
Disappointing and, frankly, disturbing
Him, me and Dupree!!!
Just in. Pruitt waits for report from American Petroleum institute before commenting on gravity or evolution.
When the last tree has been cut down, the last fish caught, the last river poisoned, then we will realize that one cannot eat money
When any law enforcement apparatus becomes corrupt vigilante justice is the only way to save our children.
we are so fucked.
Future generations just had their death sentences sealed. 

No air. 
No water. 
No future.
hmm, any other myths he wants to debunk while he is at it? does he believe in evolution? Is the earth round or flat, I cannot tell.
this is so overrated. SAD
Me neither
He got his climate expertise from watching Fox News, so I guess we're in good hands! #wrong
he is either too stupid for basic science or he's a puppet with a hand up his ass moving his mouth.
told of the earth changed
gravity and your little theory, you're next
More alternative facts from Trump administration stooges (aka lies).
he doesn't care if it's right or wrong.  It's all about corporate  $$$ at the expense of the world.  WRONG!!!!
well... FUCK!
WHAT??
This from a man who still believes that the world is flat.
Our planet is changing, it is not static, it evolves.   You cannot unchange change.
where's the article?
I wish this was a @TheOnion article, instead of real life. 
And he is right.  CO2 is what plants use.  Plants produce Oxygen.  Polution is a different matter, please refer to China.
dumber than a box of rocks
finally truth to the insanity of ecofreakism!
Anyone
 Anyone
  Anyone 

Surprised??

CO2 
1960s 320ppm 
Feb2017 406ppm
annual growth rate increasing
here you go. Hope all the Trump supporters like this.
@EPAScottPruitt is clearly unfit and unwilling to properly lead the EPA.

a guy that hardly read make scientific decisions?  Maybe someone shd attach him to an exhaust at least to prove that co2 kills
Who cares if it does anyway! Us baby boomers will be dead! Fuck everyone else! #MAGA
Fuck these people.
Another idiot whose priority is big business profit.
it's science?  And a Y chromosome is also science but that don't seem to matter
Of course he does
oh wait,  it's Obama?
this is the result of having more arrogance than intelligence
i though the Sun was the primary contributor to global warming
You thought wrong?
of course he does.
of course he does not beleive that, because he does not beleive in global warming..
Wait! Pruitt came out and blamed the "crisis" surrounding Global Warming on faulty thermometers. Sounds a little sketchy to me.
Because @ScottPruittOK is such a world-famous, well regarded scientist
Basic undergrad science. Maybe if he had taken any science he would know this.
@Vicious2707 @altUSEPA What the hell? Was DeVos his teacher? @EnergyCommerce @HuffPostGreen @SEIA @EthanolRFA @RogueNASA #science
He a scientist? Didn't think so.
it just happens naturally not 1 provable scientific fact exists to PROVE OTHERWISE SUCH AS MAN DOES IT
lol there it is. The dumbest thing I've read all day.
@realDonaldTrump So your Mr non science has spoken CO2.....the result is another Oklahoma earth quake and increase in Pruitt equity
Okay. At least this implies he believes the globe IS warming So if not CO2,then what is its cause-More research forthcoming, right?
that's expected from someone nominated for that position by  Trump, the President of #ConspiracyTheories
And you're surprised?!
It wasn't a surprise at all. Let's see the alternative facts that his team will soon fabricate to expose this theory to the world.
Also JUST IN: EPA chief Scott Pruitt disagrees the earth orbits the sun, vows to protect our place in the solar system
I don't think he said that.
Oh The Humanity!
he also said gravity is just a "theory" and the earth is flat.
of course he does, he has a big vested interest.
Upon what scientific expertise is that based on? Pawn for fossil fuel industry.
is he a scientist?
And in other news: Energy secretary disagrees with gravity.
I'm not surprised, his record shows that he's a climate change denier and that he hates the environment profoundly.
The GOP Politicians don't care about the environment, they only care about money.
really ?
@scottpruitepa do you mean to say "renowned climatologist " Scott Pruitt?
THAT's right, its the SHIT IN THE WORLD WHICH IS THE BIGGEST PROBLEM.
And whatever happened to Pruitt's emails? Did any of y'all follow up on that?
he's the major contributor to global warming.
ummmm mkay.
of course he did/does. He's an idiot. We all know he was hired to gut the EPA and prop up the oil industry.
It's insane this guy was appointed to HEAD the EPA.  Hes anti-environment.  It'd be like a Russian running OUR govt. O wait 
Aren't they?
cause pruitt is a scientist  huh!  Interesting if I were God he die from lung and throat cancer
chutiya h sala
he is absolutely correct. Bannon's farts is the real cause.
Historically, there have been warmer periods with less CO2, so...
Look at rates and get back to us.
Breaking News: It's not. CO2 is not a control knob 
via @curryja 

http://www.econtalk.org/archives/2013/12/judith_curry_on.html …
Sorry Pruitt, this is the hot air coming out of your illegitimate president!
Science fact:
He´s not a scientist.
Just so you know.
Good.
I mean technically it's the sun.....(facepalm)
In addition to lacking expertise or experience, the current administration and its cronies also share a lack of shame.
idiot
How does someone with no environmental or scientific background head an agency of just that? Thx for planning ahead for our future
fantastic
@TheGoodGodAbove @JohnLeguizamo ...the angry old racist white guys continue their mission to slash & burn earth. Feckin' eejits...
Woah.
@ScottPruittOK - where did you go to college?!?!?!?! 
It doesn't matter what he believes. What matters is what's true.
so all my hairspray in the 80s didn't put a hole in the ozone layer??
JUST IN: EPA chief Scott Pruitt is a complete and utter moron.
That's old news! ;)
.@Reuters it's not. It's the fact of concrete jungles & not leaving trees to grow in more places.Bankers greed.Hemp should make paper not s
of course he does! Fuck scientists and their edumacation, amiright?
He's not fit to lead the EPA.  Science isn't faith based.  There's indisputable evidence that proves CO2 is a contributor!
