It's time to back up your words with action. People’s lives are at stake. Our letter: https://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/news/release/reed-whitehouse-demand-action-on-opioid-crisis-since-trump-administration-announcement-of-intent-to-declare-national-emergency …
Wait! Potus is taking action on this it was mentioned!
I think there have been a couple of hurricanes, and a nut job in the Far East threatening bomb us; what would you suggest? #actionsnotwords
Why would he?! I suspect he and Sessions have made large investments into private prisons.  Y else would they opt for "war" and not treatmnt
He'll do it right after press conference on melania's immigration, releasing taxes, and donating to harvey relief
How do you know? You've been on August recess while Texas is hit by Harvey, NoKo set off more missiles, and we had the largest prep for Irma
No. Your president is full of crap. He will not do a single thing regarding this crisis.
And what is he suppose to do about this crisis
What's wrong Sheldon-Are you wanting that Federal money. How much will go into your and your cronies pockets.
Give him a flipping break@SenWhitehouse! Two hurricanes stupid! You worry about doing your job!
but really what's the rush, right @realdonaldtrump?
How about Kushner's security clearance?  Please do not let up on this!
Hahahaha. You actually expect @realDonaldTrump to tell the truth or follow through on something? Don't you know better by now?
Sen.S W your statement sounds like someone that is not in touch with the real world,look around, Potus isn't exactly sitting idle now is he.
Are expecting a businessman to fix everything that they have neglected
Thank you Mr. Whitehouse for your commitment to the recovery community. I was at the recovery caucus at the DNC in Philly where you spoke.
Look at this do nothing Senator saying he is waiting for Trump to do something when he has been in office all these years and does Nothing!
Talk to Harvey, Irma & Jose.
Donald Trump is a habitual liar. He is so full of it. He will never address this issue. So do not hold your breath.
Other then president rounding up every drug abuser and put them in rehab. What is he suppose to do again?
Uh, one issue a a time please..... I'm a little slow.....
What political bullshit, opioids have been a major problem for years. Where have you been Shelly??? Support our President
I know you've probably been busy inside trading, but @POTUS has had a lot on his plate lately with 2 major hurricanes hitting the US
How long have you been a politician?? What have you been doing to prevent it from getting this bad ... hypocrite!! Funny how politicians
He's too busy making money and playing golf.
Really dumbo?
And what have you done? Have you presented/passed a bill? How about confirmations in those needed departments?
Are you interested in the chief of staff position? It would be great to address you as "White House Chief of Staff Whitehouse".
Have you been in outer space the last month? Nice deflection from the club dust up
Didn't @AGPamBondi just get put in charge of that after getting on his good side by ignoring #FraudUniversity? So stupid it must be true.smh
we need to not lock up non violent drug offenders and treat them instead cuz its a sickness not a crime
How about campaigning on universal healthcare for all Americans
Retarded statement completely ignoring 2 states hit by devastating hurricanes to score points for trump bashing? Aaaaaand its a liberal
You do know he's been dealing with a couple hurricanes and a crazy dictator in NK right?
Good thing he dissolved all of the task forces.  Go Kush.
For starters, 2 hurricanes & NoKo. Big help against drugs is to build wall. Will you support? Next is to deport illegals. Do you support?
Relax Whitehouse. It's hurricane season and you've been on vacation for a month.
Ya there has been a couple of natural weather disasters happening since then. You HAVE heard about other Emergencies of late...havent ya?
Remember, @SenWhitehouse, Trump is a proven and compulsive liar. Don't even listen to his words. It'll make you nuts.
Is it ok with you if he deals with these natural disasters first? It's kind of a priority.
Golf seems to be a YUGE priority too. That and lying and tweeting like a teenager. Trump is a disfunctional liar.
I'm not in the mood for BS.
I think we're in the same place with his infrastructure bill. I believe he thinks this is all pretend. He just signs papers with no followUp
No action my ass Senator. Ivanka Trump has been working on this. You would complain if Trump cured cancer.
This would be adorable if you thought @POTUS really cared. Unfortunately, we all know this tweet is pure virtue signaling.
Get to work Senator. You've had enough vacation this summer. How did the fundraising go u crook.
Why would he do anything to fix it when he said it helped him win?
Back in the office,?Enjoy the time off while the President was working? Time to start attacking again. Have you volunteered to do something?
Did you consider pharmaceutical lobbyists? Did you consider stuff coming across border are from illegals which the left are protecting?
There no money in it for him
Seriously Sheldon? Go take a another nap.
Reminder: he did not campaign on it but it came up during his presidency and committee has been put together, pay attn
I have no idea who you are but are fricken serious right now???!!
That's because Plumpy Trumpy @realDonaldTrump is too busy spouting fake news and patting himself on his back. #WorstPresidentEver
Well there's been a hurricane, and golf.
Cuz nothing has happened since the announcement that kinda diverted attention...
You mean he has to actually do something?  Oh, not prepared for that hard work!  Easier just to say things that are easily forgotten!
Have the Pharmaceutical companies  pay for all the treatment centers since they created the epidemic and profiting 
Off the opioids!
Excellent idea! 
More than 50 years ago democrats said they would rid America of poverty. Poor still poor and voting for dems. Result - nothing gets done.
