Surprised???????
It ends when Trump is removed from office.
It ends when Congress stops tweeting their displeasure and actually does something
The voters will need to force that issue. 
So far, Congress has been content to put Party before Country. 
That won't change w/o pressure.
Agreed. A mass at rest stays at rest...
The positive outcome from this disaster is that younger voters are becoming actively involved&running for office. 
This is *OUR* Country!
When you folks make it end...and I know you will...
It ends with impeachment and conviction. Congress must act.
Great, now, what r u going to DO about it?
Rod Serling couldn't write this Twilight Zone of an Alternative Universe that we are apparently in ..
A Senate Voted Twice 2 Institutionalize Legalized Senate Bribery will Avoid Investigating Trump Lawyers Ruskie Shell Corp Hidden Money Trail
In an orange suit.
The question I ask myself everyday! SOS SOS SOS
Actually, last week was also obstruction of justice.
When the fucking majority Repugs start defending our Country and not their wallets and their hateful agenda
It ends when the dumb-o-craps, stop doing it!
It ends when @TheDemocrats stop using their paid propaganda machine to manipulate truth. #SethRich #DNCFraudLawsuit
Unfortunately it doesn't until he gets us into something we can't get out of....
Sounds like a great question for @SenatorBurr
When GOP steps up & quits stalling investigations (which is #ObstructionofJustice) & appoints a #SpecialProsecutor #IndependentInvestigation
Soon please God Soon.
Subpoena ISSUED to Paul Manafort
When you seek the TRUTH and story teller WaPo is far from the truth!  Time to bring back law and order but you want to fight against that!
False news will only destroy the liberal Dems...
It ends when the unhinged lunatic who is a lying criminal is out of the People's House - hoping you guys make that happen soon
Whatever your imagination and figment of nyt can dream up....
Sad to see in the comments that so many people believe the garbage propaganda from the liberal media. He will be vindicated every time.
When does a request become obstruction? Now a demand would be. And where's any proof? These games are getting old.
When the traitorous weasels quite fabricating lies and leaking them.
And no proof of either
It ends when the @GOP puts security of our nation before party, and impeachment happens
It would seem apparent that the only suitable remedy short of Trump's resignation is impeachment!
For the sake of our nation, it must end with impeachment
It ends with the senate Republicans figuring out better to do the deed now (impeach/resign, etc.) & not wait for 2018 to really get rolled.
@JesJones2017 It ends when he's impeached,  in prison, and out of Office.
Probably when you're actually worried about corruption, not just doing it for show. Dont you have some pharma company insider trading to do?
Do some  thing 
Surely yall can band together and press. Surely we dot have so many checks and balances that all turn out to be useless.
Impeachment
This will end when republicans put country ahead of party
Frankly, I'm worried the next thing DT will do is actually shoot someone in public just so he can watch the GOP grovel at his feet again.
You know the answer, Senator.
Gosh I know , where does it end indeed? It's like we need 2 more branches  of government to keep check on the POTUS' power. Oh if only ....
When your GOP colleagues stop acting like Russians.
the day before that, more obstruction of justice

it's like a security justice sandwich of evil
When you stop lying.
Congress will never step up. Let's just face the fact that we're stuck with Trump. The Resistance sucks!
@RVAwonk  when  @GOP have the guts & integrity to do what is right, serve the Amer people, and honor their oath to defend the Constitution
It ends when he's out of office
When Republicans get their shit together!
....when.........
you tell us Senator... Americans have been calling for Congress to take action against @POTUS @realDonaldTrump for months!
Get some bipartisan leadership and let's end this madness. It ends in impeachment. Let's get it moving already
Well, that is up to Congress.
When we convict him of impeachment
End it! Rally your fellow Senators and do something. @SenateDems @SenateGOP
Resignation or impeachment.
Enough is enough!!
It ends when you folks bring it to an end.
When you stop spreading lies.
after hes impeached, convicted, and incarcerated or sent down the street to his gilded emoulmentarian palace
Hopefully tonight with drafting of impeachment articles.
This is a set up. Only stupid people won't see it for what it is. This is an attack on him to get him removed from office
#CAUTION; FAKE TWEET INFO.
Please make it end soon.

#ImpeachNow
When your colleagues across the aisle in both chambers get it together!!
when @GOP put country before party.
All of us must not “let this go”
Maybe you and Donald could be cellmates. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/05/14/congress-stock-trading-conflict-of-interest-rules-238033 …
Impeachment.
