Just review all Obama accomplished, signed or said. Now just watch trump do the inverse. That's d trump doctrine. Just repeal O, no replace.
trump is such a terrible human. @SMShow @MSignorile @maddow @MadisonSiriusXM @ananavarro
We can do as much as possible personally
Stupid to be a part of it while others countries continue to do nothing.
I can't wait until be next President comes in and reverses everything dotty donald has done.
And they will be expected to do it quickly
The Democratic Communist party only here to divide the American people.  You can't divide those who support President Trump.  Nevah!!!
Trump may just be throwing away the only chance of straightening out the planet and what a sick man
If only you could turn back the clock. 
Trump must Go!
A problem and it involves alot of Politicians  I think Korea wanting to send a nuke here is more important then the weather also I think
Fun fact, the United States military recognizes climate change as the number one long term threat to America.
Hell I thought it would b al gore
THANK GOD  THIS PRESIDENT IS FACING THIS INSANE WHACKO  RATHER THAN A DEMOCRAT!
Like you did in 2016?
Calling @POTUS stupid is reason #273 I voted for @realDonaldTrump  ... @TheDemocrats just don't get it.
Are you sure it's the democrats that don't get it, trump has proven his lack of intelligence several times
It's SAD @realdonaldtrump wants to declare war on MotherEarth, OUR democracy and the world as a whole.This is no way rational. NOT MY @potus
Maybe Trump should get advice on N Korea  from the leader of the free world. Germany is only 5 hrs or so ahead of us. CALL HER.
IT was a bad deal...
Maybe others will realize trump will be gone soon and we will rejoin as soon as we can
You are sad sickening and useless. Democrats have nothing to stand on but failed obamacare and no connection to the voters.
Is it really bad though?
dems don't care they were just throwing american's hard earned money away. dems LOVE spending OTHER people's money.
yeah, our billions are better spent in the hands of dictators in iran, right. how soon till they turn nuclear? wall or iran...hmmmmmm.
why do evil dictators get nukes under democrats? N Korea. obama gave iran billions, how long till they are testing missiles.
these are wars our grandchildren will probably have to fight....thanks to democrats.
Nothing stops US from continuing to lead but without the unequal funding obligations to others. Accord was a lousy deal.
@TheDemocrats @Reuters U are so right I can't understand why Congress don't get rid of him he's evil & dangerous.get him out
What a stupid move!
@TheDemocrats @Reuters agreed Sheldon!!
So I guess @SenWhitehouse you're ok with US footing bill for all those other countries? Of course you are you're a Democrat you love taxea
What a difference a vote makes..
How is prevailing possible? The Paris Accords are the only hope for mankind!
#ImpeachTrump
Though not nearly as stupid as a president entering into an agreement without a vote or another branch of government being cool with it
The Paris treaty is a joke to create a slush fund as a means of welfare for other countries. We pay and the "dirty" countries stay dirty.
Smart unless you want to saddle US taxpayers with a huge bill.
Well your party had a message that didn't resonate with people. Recent pro-life stance further alienates your base. You will always lose.
@POTUS is doing exactly what we voted for him to do!! Great job
Wonderful, inspiring & smart. We don't need other countries dictating economy. We're only country reducing emissions, none of Kyoto signees
No wonder Potus withdrew from Climate Change. After he starts his WW3 who's going to be worried about Climate Change.
Maybe try to make a treaty next time.
I still want to know how one ignorant, arrogant, pathologically disturbed man could screw that for all the rest of us.
It's unbelievable. I'm sure, like thousands, I have been in shock since Nov. and made several contributions to the DNC.
Good job Trump!! These libtards will believe anything
Trump really is an idiot. He is going to affect millions of people's health and wellbeing, but he just doesn't care.
His short-sightedness will be paid for by all of humanity!  One earth!
Keep fighting against the "creepy billionaires ". Real Americans support the resistance.
He won't be President forever.  Maybe next time we'll have someone who is sane.
Thank you, Lord.  We will still waste resources, but not on this hopeless cause, no ACCORD is going to change God's climate!
Jackass
Yea we prevail because what did it do that other countries followed so closely?
Shows just how little you all know about economics and this agreement. The US is now not going 2 carry the weight of all other polluters.
Very sad. Has anyone seen China. Coal is not going to make anyone or anything better.
They are wearing face masks when they go outside in Beijing.
It won't take effect until the end of his presidency. The voters can fix this.
He should be forced to pay someone to do something with that hair! Looks like he's too cheap to get it cut! Politics aged @realDonaldTrump!!
@MarleneUsaa1 And the GOP will just keep looking the other way. Everything he's reversing was something Obama was proud to be part of.
He hates Obama.
What good is agreement nobody adheres or that you sacrifice more than everyone else and lose economically in the process? Still can be clean
That is really sacrilegious!  In no way is Donald Trump Christlike.  You should be ashamed
Bot.  Twitter just got rid of s lot of Trump bots. They missed you.
OMG you are totally ignorant of the facts
@realdonaldtrump KNOWS #CLIMATECHANGE happening #TRUMP SCOTLAND golf club wanted SEA WALL for RISING SEA LEVEL TRUMP DANGEROUS #HYPOCRITE
How can the sea rise in Scotland but not in New York. Level there is still the same it has always been
Is there no way to override this Neanderthalian move? We are the laughing stock of the world.
The laughingstock of the world moved out of the White House in January after he left the world in a mess by leading from behind
Keep us RI'ers in the FIGHT for our PLANET!!!
When we elect a real leader to the WH again we can regain some of our international credibility as a world power. We will wait . . .
@MarleneUsaa1 Just hope he doesnt get reelected.
Such a STUPID MOVE for the USA!
We are winning everyday that he tweets hate out there further exposing his stupidity
Difference of opinion isnt hate.  Rioting, destroying,  saying to blow up the Whitehouse is.
Us if we did a 10th of what they did drugs trafficking murder embezzlement Misappropriating funds rape u pick the charge for them
Parties agenda if u want to make a name then google the Clintons Obamas or the Bush family  and put them in jail like u would
Reprioritize what's important  bc we don't care about if Trump jacked off Putin  we don't care ab the weather and we don't care about UR
Single Mothers that work their ass off and can barley put food on the table is another important issue so Mr Senator I think y'all need to
Yeah. Sad Sickening and Stupid that you don't give a damn about lower taxes jobs and healthcare Senator.
In the winter go to Indiana in the winter when it's -16 then talk to me ab climate stick with the #humantrafficking #humantrafficking thats
Is bull shit that's y no one buys carbon credits ne more we have more to worry ab then the weather that will get hot in the summer and cold
https://www.almanac.com/weather/longrange/region/us/1 … this will tell u it gets hot and cold theirs rain and droughts as well so stop wasting money u know gobal warming
Let's hope when this child MOLESTER is out of r WH &in prison r allieds will understand that there was a idiot in charge &will b back in
Best thing Trump has done yet…it's nothing but a EU slush fund for the corrupt in office…
Hopefully states will adhere to the guidelines despite him. Such an ignoramus.
Give me one prediction on global warming that has come true
Shelly should move to Paris, as he has Plenty of RI Cash!
President whitehouse

Yet economy is better, unemployment down, stock market up, consumer & biz confidence high, criminal illegal aliens & MS-13 being deported.
Hope they let us back in when he is gone
Agreed, we never should have entered into such a one sided punitive agreement with no real enforcement mechanism for other countries.
It's an agreement, not a contract. Your use of the word 'punitive' and reference to 'enforcement' makes clear your misunderstanding.
Pretty sure I called it an agreement.
Voluntary. It's a voluntary agreement. That's why complaining about lack of 'enforcement' is a false complaint.
Since we self enforce I see it as a legitimate complaint.  History has shown the worst polluters don't seriously self police.
China has reduced its use of coal three years in a row. Granted not all comply, but they're making real world progress.
China is still building coal fired plants, and devastating ecosystems damming up rivers for massive hydroelectric plants.
He's a total ass, isn't he???  Smug, irritating face, trying his best to ruin everything he touches.  Please impeach him soon.
