@LatestAnonNews what a dunce. She committed insabordination and attempted to userp authority from president. Firing is right
the AG loyalty is to the law and constitution. His EO is unconstitutional as it is based on religious bias. Educate yourself.
also there's this law
the constitution does not allow discrimination due to religion. None of 7 Muslim countries attacked the USA.
1-it's not a Muslim ban 2-the countries were chosen by the Obama administration
it is a Muslim ban! The order exempt christians and other. ACLU lawyers won due to that line. Read it.
it could also be that aclu won because the gov't lawyers sat on their hands
no because they are right. It's against the constitution to discriminate. Why detain green card holders?
WOW. A Trump supporter saying n1 above law. Height of hypocrisy.

Trump can keep out anyone he feels are a threat!! No one has the right to come to America! The Constitution protect Americans!
then stop voting for trumps nominees. Dems need to grow spine and be very very bold during these dangerous times.
Impeach this man. We have to stop these nazis now.
Nazis?  How many Jews has he slaughtered? #LazyArgument
what's your point? Nazis were national socialists.  Socialists, the thing Sanders calls himself.
Sanders has never advocated for a seperatist state or white supremacy. he's said problematic things.
so your are now saying it's ridiculous to call people Nazis?  Convenient...
only the lazy and disingenuous legitimately call other Nazis.
points for the word disingenuous but I only have so much time to give ot this. blocked.
U damn well know Sessions is all about the law. Obama & his cronies were all about BREAKING the law
You should step down CLOWN! Trump won! Why? He won the most votes in more states then HRC!!! Won the popular vote in more States
then DO SOMETHING  about it!!!!
That you underscore our national security is chilling
. A fruit basket like you wouldn't recognise constitutional law if it bit you on the ass... Get out of the way... Trumps got this
The reward for this cannot be confirming Sessions.
hahaha #Winning and we are not tired off winning yet! 8 more years so refreshing!!
they can change the rules the nuclear option hahahaha you can't stop him hahahahaha 8 more years
Oh, I think they understand well enough! They are deliberately undermining that.
@LatestAnonNews you are a hypocrite. You wanted to do the same 1 year ago. Try crying for our Vets.
What's chilling is purposefully stalling Trumps cabinet http://picks.You  are leaving him crippled w/out a full cabinet!
you need to get him and his nazi's out of there now before we are all dead. Seriously this is not funny anymore it's terrifying
it is chilling and it's very terrifying! There are no checks and everything is out of balance right now.
he HAD to bypass congress b/c they stated they would NOT work.with him at all. He had no choice.
@Trauberstar This is the perfect example of why your party is dying. Democrats and communists have the same definition #MAGA
@LatestAnonNews  Schumer: Why don't YOU learn 2 read (if that's even possible) & try to COMPREHEND ( big word 4 U) Constitution!
chilling
My friends & I will not donate 2 Dems if u don't fight back & hard.Start by filibustering Justice Nomination.Only moderate Okay
Then I'm hoping you and other Dems are planning to do something about it. We have your backs. #resist #indivisible
time for chuck to be fired

Understatement of the century.
it's time you look in the mirror and see what kind of a yo-yo you are
Please don't say that they don't understand. They DO understand, but just don't care. There's nothing any of you can do to them.
Could you reach out and work for unity for the good of the nation. Be careful not to let division go too far. I'm worried.
If you were following the constitution you would know Trump has the authority to ban anyone deemed a threat Cry Baby
@lokahiandquill Resign and save us from your poor acting

you dipshits keep reposting this like it means he supported a Muslim ban. It very clearly doesn't. Learn to read.
He supported a reformation of refugees coming in. You can't announce reform changes without having a flood of...
bad eggs coming in before the changes are made. Thats why Trump put a ban in place.
no from people like this


Will you cry for Americans if we r targeted in another act of terrorism. Thank you @POTUS for taking steps to protect all people
go back to hell  foolish old Dem jealous selfish traitor take McCain Graham dopeylizzy with u all traitors Soros owned lowlifes
Not chilling. CRIMINAL, once it reaches a certain level. Charge & prosecute, or watch our Constitution become toilet paper
Two tasks for you: 1) Prepare articles of impeachment. 2) Block the appointment of Jeff Sessions.

See what you can do.
lol. Dream on snowflake
You don't care about a nation of laws or the Constitution. You care about only about being a dick on the Internet.
yea yea. He has constitutional authority moron.
You are wrong on the Internet
uhh no I'm not do some research. Try 212 (f).  Gives the president constitutional authority to halt any and all immigration
Does not give him authority to defy federal judicial injunctions
that we can agree on. But hes not denying it. The stay was just for deportation of green card holders who may fall in the loop
I hope everyone is as brave as Sally Yates. She should be your inspiration. Do not cower.
an obama appointee who played partisan politics is not inspirational. It's a legal order and ag is responsible
an illegal order
Ladies and gentlemen - my senator.
He has 9 offices that tax payers pay for" To play games and get nothing done but Talk without Merite Behind it.
Begin impeachment process. Come together with like-minded GOP like McCain, Collins, Graham. #impeachTrump #congressdoyourjob
haha look up impeach because obviously u libtards don't know what it means!
The fact that you don't understand your whining and tantrums don't serve the american people is chilling.
Oh!  You mean just like Eric lying under oath about fast & furious?  Or Loretta secret mtg w/Bill Clinton?
We will make our country safe and great again. Move over, we're coming through. Best to work with us. If you really care 4 UAS
Does UAS stand for Uninformed American States because that's what it sounds like to me. Trump just made us less safe.
Lack of common sense prevails among progressive liberals. Mo finding unity with this mental illness
This Muslim ban was purely political to placate Trumpites and has nothing to do with keeping us safe. He's only interested in $
nice makeup snowflake
PPG
Time for you to recognize that you are far from an honorable man which once thought you might be.  Sad to admit how wrong I was
The irony Mr. Schumer, with how Mr. Holder decided to pick and choose which laws to enforce in this country. #fakecrierchuck
retire
what I find chilling is you side with illegal immigrants before NYers
He is hiding alot. His out cry is very suspicious. 
@marshallms1981 @SenSchumer
u really mn Obama don't u - judges overtrnd Obama's overreach - don't lie - we see the evidnc  when fake news rpts it (CNN)
terrible no wonder the Democrats lost. U people never will be in office again you guys should all be ashamed of yourself.
u shld attend committee for up and down vote. If u disagreed that was the time to do it
stop being a hypocrite and obstructionist! America is tired of Dems political games at our expense.
So why would you confirm Sessions? He won't be an AG, he'll be Trump's enforcer. Block Sessions. Impeach Trump. Act NOW, Chuck!
The president’s authority to declare such suspensions can been found in section 212(f) of the INA

What are you prepared to do?  We'll be in Prospect Park asking that same question tonight...
Please fix it. Please stop this maniacal executive branch.
is IRRELEVANT!  We the people chose to oust the democRATS!
We need to impeach. He and his cabinet belong in jail.#ImpeachTrump #StopPresidentBannon #resist
Keep up the propaganda. It's an Order not a ban. Your hate and division rhetoric is great, Hallelujah, Trump a 2nd term.
What Trump is doing is perfectly legal and you know it. You are disgusting.
your wrong the AG job is to up hold the constitution & obey orders of the president until such time as the a judge finds unconst
#SallyYates & @SenatorSessions agree in this video. AG must say no to the President!
@LadyEleanorA @SenSchumer @SenatorSessions 
Sally Yates is amazing!
You are a joke. Fake tears!!!
Remember Judge Hanen holding DOJ attorneys in contempt for lying about compliance with his order restraining Obama's Ex O?
Please fight this!

No it's NOT a Muslim ban, you hysterical morons.

SHARE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNu4xU9qOEM … 
TERM LIMITS are coming for you...
did you say the same of Holder, Jarrett, Lerner, and a host of other Obamaites? Didn't think so. Just do your job, pal.
@donaldbuffoon @PastyBeast @rob13567 @Impeach_D_Trump @williamjordann @Gallup @A_M_Perez @ThinkThroughIt @PennyHicks13 -Yes!
cry me a river Chuckles.
no the AG needs to follow the law not her own political preferences as you know.  Why are you pretending otherwise
following the law.  Obama had more EO over turned by SCOTUS than any other Prez.  DRAIN THE SWAMP.  You will be next Chuckie!
@Rosie Sen Schumer, you are looking like a drama queen! Dems have lost 1,020 seats in last 8 years! Time to  reevaluate. 2018
So you'll block all Trump appointments?
@BlairImani going thru the comments & I noticed how we all start by responding 2 the original tweet, then we fight each other.
they understand & don't give a **** is what is really chilling & r wrking on dismantling law & order 2 rewrite all law #bannon
Than why did @EricHolder and @LorettaLynch spend eight years enforcing @BarackObama's unconstitutional orders? #FastAndFurious
Stop Sessions.
and so should you.
then AG should have upheld the executive acton which is constitutional.  I don't see you denying it was constitutional.
Chuck have you read the Constitution? Or the Executive order? You guys just say and do what you want I am embarrassed with Dems!
we voted to get swampers out of DC and invite the to move to the Middle East where you will be properly taken care of.
Please do not confirm him...
your job is to support the president. Stop the obstruction!
yeah maybe y'all in Congress should do something about it
Wake up and smell the Shiite you're shoveling you hypocritical phony.
#DoYourJob and Vote NO for ALL Noms, including the idiot he Noms for SCJ!! #StopTrumpSJCnom !! NO Hearings/NO Vote, Just like GOP did to MG
You do realize Barack Hussein Obama is no longer President, right?
Stop the fear mongering Chuck, theres nothing going on that violates the Constitution or the law.
laughter at the pathetic crying fit
NO DEMOCRATIC VOTES FOR WHATSOEVER.
Doesn't even matter.
They understand it. They're choosing to ignore it
you are shameful or too ignorant to know what job of AG http://www.nationalreview.com/article/444418/why-sally-yates-was-fired-insubordination …
#ImpeachTrump so government can get back to serving the country, or how can we help you #removeTrump
the Democratic minority leader I shouldn't go around calling flight attendants britches
https://twitter.com/txluvsnobstrump/status/826187559827042308 …
clown
u r as crazy as the year is long! I can't wait for people to vote ur idiocy out! Take @NancyPelosi with u! Move to Iran!
Hey Chuck, please end all your tweets with "" so we know it's you.
oops!! Your hypocrisy is showing. Holder and Lynch missed that pledge! Having memory lapses?
It is sincerely past the point of it being obvious.
You pledged to uphold the constitution and all your doing is trampling on it. In '18 you'll pay. Major majority here we come
.@SenSchumer
U may b the biggest political hack in my lifetime. Yates swore to uphold Constitution & laws of US. Not suck up to hacks like U
FU
Yes they need to follow a LEGAL order from the President. Which Democrat  appointee Sally Yates did not
The fact that you don't see how Holder & Lynch betrayed the Constitution to pander to @BarackObama is chilling. Where were your tears then?
You're delusional. Fast and Furious ring a bell? How about IRS targeting conservatives by order of your 'dear leader'? #putz
I think you might want to try reading the constitution for a change.
Still crying, I see. Next time you hold a press conference you should wear your pussy hat. Love Margie.
please retire, you have your life long govt pension and healthcare. Been there long enough pass a term limit bill or start one.
Putz
You are a whopping great big hypocrite.
Who voted for you? Yates is an unelected bureaucrat who like YOU is  putting politics above the safety of Americans.
True American Patriots coming out and standing up to Traitor Trump and his Regime
As Smokey Sang. "Tears of a Clown "
Thnk u 4 yr work! Please start impeachment proceedings tomorrow.Once cabinet is in, noone will be able to touch T.
No, the fact that YOU don't understand this is chilling, and what makes you foolish in America's eyes. #fakenews
@puppymnkey No American has EVER held a Believe a President Superseded the Constitution or LAW. So when did Monarchy Begin?
thank you! The AG must uphold the Constitution
I am a proud Federal employee.  You are right about the oath of office.  I support you.  Please support us.
then stop confirming all of their Cabinet picks.  @melrose_planet
I believe he has announced no more yes votes.
Wish there hadn't been ANY yes votes. My Senators did it, too. Don't get it-can't play nice w/GOP.
they hadn't realized yet it wasn't business as usual. they have to now, and I think they are.
Not sure how they missed it. They had last 8 years to go by.
Dems believe in diplomacy, it's a weakness right now.
like Lynch did?!  Oh wait...  #hypocrisy
The fact that the left ignores law and the constitution and focuses on ideology is equally chilling Senator!
I believe you don't understand it the executive order was constitutional are you blind?
For the record, we want you and all the other democracy's to rise up and FIGHT!
Forget the law 'player' - it's the moral thing to do: your brand of baneful 'legalism' is what causes refuge crises!!!
Shame on you Chuck Schumer..you have definitely lost my vote.
Yes, the AG should.  And what the President is doing is already law.  Stop being obstructionists and work for American people!
Where was your objection to Holder and Lynch. You people are such hypocrites.
The AG should but when the administration and the president do whatever they want, the AG's hands are tied and AG will be fired.
blasting not blasing im typing fast...
they understand it all right. It's an alternative fact to them
Republicans wrote the playbook the last few years for what Dems response should be. It worked for them put it to work 4 U!
Exactly then why didn't Holder and Lynch pledge the same.
Thank You Senator. This nightmare is looking way too Hitlerish for me & its a terrifying hell hole. I want my serenity back.
@KevinBoniszewsk it's unfortunate that the minority leader doesn't seem to understand the constitution either! Keep crying Chuck
Where were you when @billclinton was lobbying Loretta on behalf of #Hillary?
You are such a snit. If you would get in gear we wouldn't have these problems and we would have our cabinet already!!!
if trump is not upholding the constitution he should be impeached. The paperwork should have already been started
Don't forget t last time U Dems voted 4a lying wannabe dictator:BushII,u had 2 answer 4 your votes on a BS war..Plz don't cave!
Pen and Phone Chuck. Pen and Phone.
<- the hypocrisy is strong with this one!
Senator we the majority are watching a coup you stop with being nice obstruct like they did! The Resistance is growing 
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump
wTrump needs to drain the swamp and serve the county stop pandering to voters and serve your country we want controlled boarders
Was it chilling when Bill Clinton fired ALL 93 US Attorneys? Any presidential appointee can be relieved.
#Obama's administration didn't understand that!

#Trumps administration does!

Wipe your tears away, and open your eyes!
Thank God you're not President. You are a weak man. #GrowSomeBalls
@DTraveler007 please less handwringing and actually leak the classified Intel report before Trump sells more out to putin
@ericrattner your phony tears were childish.  You are what is wrong with this country!  Go away already.  YOU LOST!
