His big 50k traitorous public appearance (zzzz) while, Hillary Clinton the global thief, con, monumental liar did go away. 4 people died.
I wonder if Flynn reported his foreign salary on his federal and state taxes?  Tax evasion is always a sure thing.
Lock him up!!! Turnabout is fair play. Make him eat his own words!!
Why would it
No. But this admin is doing damage daily in their awful exec orders and this hc and new tax plan are only good for M/B and Trump
I guess NYT still has some harp music to play, nobody cares you know.
What about that lying Jared.He should be prosecuted also.
Ivanka  does her fair share of lying. The entire White House staff lies.
lock him up.  Only to be Pardoned by Trump.
Flynn is the key to this fiasco. I think that Trump did not know at the time but later was informed. Is that enough for impeachment ?
Again the courts will show their independence #resist
And yet no arrest, no trial, no interviews, no nothing because he didn't mean it.
#TrumpRussia #MoreOfTheSame
No proof. He was involved ....
The man should be arrested!
Nor should it. And it will undoubtedly lead to #45 and his dealings. Do the right thing GOP and declare the truth to the American public.
Flynn-campaign surrogate, Trump considered him for VP, named him National Security Advisor- so,Trump, etc. didn't know his connections?
He broke the law! It is not a "may have" it is a given.Trump should lose his right as POTUS because of the Russia connections.
Lock him up ! Lock him up !
Republicans defending the indefensible
It will be patient......
Sure as hell hope it doesn't go away. Flynn is disgusting hypocrite and should go to jail. He's effing guilty.
It should not go away! The ship must sink !
not as long as democratic CNN is in business
Looks like two or three potential convicts there!
@realDonaldTrump Lock them up!
We need to get to the bottom of the #TrumpRussia scandal once and for all
#InvestigateTrump 
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @PressSec
and yet, we still don't care about the story. Move on
Nor should it
Amazing how the Times ignores all else
maybe they can get a group rate in a private prison just food for thought
Oh look, Flynn and his cell mates.
That shouldn't be an opinion.
Lock him up!  Sloppy.  He knew better and so did Trump.
What a piece of work is Flynn -- slime and murk mixed with avarice. A perfect Trump henchman until he got caught.
it's a "story" that can't ever get any legs for some reason, why do you think that is?
NYT is way better at conspiracy theories than Alex Jones. Still enjoy both.
Even if the story does not go away it's not Trump & collusion. The NYTs & its liberal/progressive fiends are desperate. THE ELECTION IS OVER
It's just getting started 
It shouldn't
...... no one cares.
Naturally, it amounts to Treason. #shame #republicansownthisdisaster
The only thing we should think and say aboutFlynn is lock him up
greedy, corrupt and perverted, trump and his circus of clown and thiefs will go down
And it shouldn't
People are tired of the fake Trump Russia story. Move on
All the likely suspects in one tight shot.
It should be front page and major part of trump collision with russia
Nor should it until there is accountability.  Laws should apply to everyone, even DJT and his cronies.  #CORRUPTION
How about SESSIONS?BOREGUARD PERJURED HIMSELF ON RUSSIA.
.@nytimes
Jared is next
look at that pic. They r ALL dirty!
It shouldn't.
You three suck
Flynn making money in Turkey
Well i am a flynn so what lol lo
When they lock him up, lock him up, lock him up, I hope every Hillary supporter will send him a lovely postcard...
It's not a "story" it's an "incident" and alleged crime
easier than writing a story
And reporting real news about evidence
Flynn and all his crooked friends
#dirtyadministration 
#ImpeachTrump 
#GOPFAKES
Love it
No, but Flynn is.
