unlike liberals I guess
don't make excuses or try to normalize Steve Bannon. It's not in the past. He's #NeoNazi  #WhiteNationalism
the neo nazi is George Soros who is funding all the unrest! You toss around labels like water!LIES!
you Soros weirdos are insane
Soros is backing YOUR TEAM!
Yelling in all caps doesn't make you right, it just makes you look like a looney.
homegirl is nuts. I wouldn't buy a doorknob from her let alone a house.
Right??
a guy literally hopes I get raped & beheaded by ISIS last week. I was like ok bye. Next.
name one please. I can name several democrat judges ans TGs that have done just that.
you mean like Ruth Bader Ginsberg or Sonia Sotomayor?
didn't take long did it Greta! Making irresponsible statements like that shows your true colors
Greta didn't say this sen. Whitehouse did.
do you mind a liberal who wraps him/herself in a robe & becomes a judicial activist?
what about a political liberal who does the same? At least 2 on Supreme Court.
What I mind is elected officials making patently vicious remarks for political ($) gain. Disgraceful.
He has no problem with liberal SCOTUS activists or making a fool of himself.
Oh you mean you mind a Constitutionalist on  the Bench.
like Ginsburg, Kagan, Sotomayor and Breyer?
Does the Senator not see the irony here? Does he not realize that is what the left has done already?
yet another plain lousy liberal person wearing a suit and calling himself a senator from Rhode Island.
what I mind is how you make $$ with divisiveness & partisanship to the detriment of the American public & media in general 
Keep bringing it Greta! The Best Is Yet To Come! Thanks for telling it like it is. 
But I guess it's OK with you if it's a liberal......right?  What else is new?
Cuz liberals have never done that.
Greta Greta Greta the liberal MSM has got to you already such a shame.
.  but not a liberal policy maker? Making laws instead of interperting the law.
Please give me a break,
agree and feel same way about liberal activist judges #SCOTUS
who is he describing! I'm sure it's not Gorsuch.
But you were ok with the recently fired AG and 2 liberal judges who just did that in defiance of Trumps order?
But who are we to tell anyone they can't be an activist for XYZ cause? Freedom to choose..
DATA...???
Is there a difference between being for murder and being the murderer? ABORTION!!!!
You Can't burning the Constitution in favor of progress & cry b/c the new POTUS is doing the same as the old POTUS did
As opposed to liberals who try it rewrite the laws...
Like when Roberts saved ObummerCare?
is bringing out greta's true hypocrisy
obviously this is not wrong if there is a 'mainstream' jurist who becomes a left wing super legislator of one
like appointed liberal judges who try to rewrite the constitution and laws
Obama had 2 explain Jeramih Wright, but he wasn't on NSC or Chief of Staff. It is dangerous not to look at what is happening
folowd u 4 yrs,very bright, PLS dont normalize Trump/Bannon/Putin agenda. It literally could mean life/death 4 ppl
I missed something. Can someone tell me who Greta is referring to?
really gretta???
Like guinesburg, she is sooo political besides falling asleep in public.
Have not seen your show today yet Greta.  Hope you asked him to give examples of the supposed activism.
this pres do know what he is doing ,that's msnbc talking
Greta you sure whistle a different tune now don't you.
a judicial activist? That is just plain lying mis-representation and he knows that. #ass
or a Latina who wraps herself in a robe and is an activist for the Left.
...and the heck is the last time that happened?! Like...NEVER!!!!
exactly
last I checked one  does not need to be a lawyer to be a supreme court judge
WHAT I MIND IS ANYONE(LIB OR CONSERVATIVE)WHO PUTS ON A KING'S CROWN & STARTS DICTATING AGAINST LIFE & LIBERTY
A clear case of projection
I feel the same about political liberals who wrap themselves in a robe & become judicial activists
Like the Democrats do?
Democrats Don't judge by ur own standards.
Open your eyes 2America and accept we voted.
Same can be said about a political progressive who does the same thing, yes?
and visa versa!
Who is Trump friends w/other than Putin & Bibi?@SenWhitehouse @JohnWDean @SenMikeLee @RNicholasBurns @JeanneCummings @MSNBC
how abut 65 million American voters
Hillary had 68 million American voters, nice try!
I assume you would feel the same way if a liberal did the same
That's crap sounds like most of Obamas appointed people heavy liberals
As opposed to Ginsburg, Kagan & Sotomayor who wrap themselves in robes, & ARE judicial activists.
Left lean Justices do the same thing not just SCOTUS but the lower courts as well. Call them all out if ur taking that stance.
but a political liberal who wraps himself in a robe and becomes a judicial activist is a thing to be sought after??
old crooked mouth giving liberal talking points
What we mind is a mainstream media network throwing in their lot with a party and acting like it is acceptable.
Examples please.
would be better served tweeting pics of her animals. Better content @SenWhitehouse @MSNBC
he has said personal beliefs would not enter into rulings. He's a Constitutionalist/originalist
save your breath, Phyllis. Everybody with a different opinion is a frick'n nazi!
Gretta please do us a favor and ask Trump for a job at the White House of go back to FOX..
Why don't you challenge any of these senators. He used the hobby lobby case as an example of activism!
A non-activist judge is someone who rules against their better judgment in favor of precedent. It doesnt exist
Isn't he really  speaking about  Ginsburg and Bryer?
but does not  mind a liberal doing the same
Sorry meant yesterday I just watched your tape from yesterday
Greta.....traitor.
GRETA YOU HAVE LOST YOUR STEEL
but evidently found $. Sad and disappointing.
Wrapped in a robe? I thought for a minute he was describing Obama.
If we could only be so lucky senator.
But it's ok if a liberal like Kagen or Sotomayor does it?  Double standards again.
she needs to go away her day is over
Say that again, and make sense this time.
Greta  impressed with Peter today.  Seems fair and well informed. Will he be on your show often?
WHO ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
is that an accusation? care to back it up?
