Agree!  Thanks for speaking out against trump's constant environmental destruction !
Ignorance? What's your excuse? And don't claim to be a Democrat politician. By definition they're ignorant.
I expect you to do your part Sheldon and stop using all fossil fuels! Saving the planet begins with you... and Captain Planet!!!!
Good
That response lacks real thought.  Do you even know if this group was redundant/ineffective? Always probable with the govnmt!
How did you get rewarded so abundantly?
Quit calling "climate" climate and say what it really is: a redistribution of wealth scheme. No need to hide anymore...
Please share with us the great work of this committee.
Climate Change Agenda is this
TAX USA $5 a gallon
Give money to UN
SO, NeWO Horse Thieves/Gangsters STEAL IT ALL...?
Right?
Lord it is so much fun watching you libtards going berserk. Thank you Pres. Trump. Making America Great Again.
Petty snipe at POTUS who is smater than you are.
China / India
Have 15 TIMES the Population of the USA
Have NO intention to quit polluting
USA has no input what will happen
it's called facts baby! And you've got non of them
Obamas EPA goldmine dump into river to keep jobs is another Democrat plan. We are awake now. Congress belongs in jail!
Correction: fossil fuel industry is what keeps the country moving forward.
The sky is falling!
Y don't u worry about the Yellowstone Supervolcano that will destroy the USA any day now? Because u can't make money off it?
Is it deliberate ignorance, or just NO guts on the way you are ignoring the Burrillville Power Plant being built?! @steveahlquist @JRD410
Sheldon is a waist of my tax dollars
Another waste of time and money down the toilet.
Deliberate ignorance? Isn't that the campaign theme of @TheDemocrats?
Deliberate ignorance is ignoring that so-called 'fossil fuels' are also by nature and from nature. But grandstand otherwise.

BWAHAAHAA
You got 218 retweets, thats 218 out of 320 million Americans...looks like you're on your own,
Rich billionaires in lib Hollyweird&Soros,Tom Steyers,Warren Buffett,Hillary&Obama and other rich libs will fund it..crickets
Can Russian Tied @ussenate @USCongress @GOP of KGB Putins Purchased @HouseGOP @SenateGOP be Investigated, Removed, & Arrested for Treason?
read this:
I am sooooo tired of see the same posts over and over and over and over again!!!!! ENOUGH TALK, MORE ACTION!!!!!!!
Shellies Head is filled with Carbon and needs some Fuel Injector Cleaner!
Unbelievable. These people are propping up the fossil fuel industry status quo. This industry works against the people!
seeya
Wait Sheldon,  no, they OWN the Republicans. Why would they NOT embrace ignorance and demand trust ?
Boo hoo! Now they can spend the money on real issues, or give it back toys taxpayers.
Deliberate Ignorance not knowing that Oil isn't a fossil fuel. Renewable Abiotic produced in the Earth's crust found below the fossil record
CaC03 + FeO2 + H2O  @2000 F   @ 200K psi = hydrocarbons
I think you need to get someone to edit these.
How do you propose legitimacy be restored to a scientific community that has squandered it's status as THE neutral arbiter?
Deliberate ignorance is thinking using taxpayer money for fake science that benefits bureaucracy. They didn't even hold a meeting hypocrite
When the Yellowstone volcano, 40,000 years overdue, blows, you'll really see climate change.
Whitehouse a Rhode Island embarrassment. I apologize on behalf of Rhode Island, we will make sure Whitehouse is never elected again 
You just cannot wait to put 450,000 Americans out of work and on Welfare so you can control them as well.
Stop it sen whitehouse you get your pockets filled the same way you hypercrite how much you getting for your climate bullshit
Deliberate lying rewards climate change "scientists" with $millions in unsupervised "research"
Right because Trump has a record of being able to be bought, especially by the oil industry, and the Republican establishment just love him.
.@SenWhitehouse are any of your investments in the fossil fuel industry or associated supply lines' businesses?
I thought it was immoral for anyone to work with Trump.
Interesting that anyone who doesn't agree with you is "ignorant."  And I think YOU are the one who is ignorant.
Why don't you ever talk about the subsidies to "renewables" and how the are different than those you claim oil receives?
Tell us WHAT the committee was doing besides figuring out how to screw the middle class once again.
How long will it be before we can undo the damage these fuckwits are doing/have done?
#FakeNews Hillary was the fracking donation queen. She also destroyed Syria to get oil pipelline to Europe. Wake up.
#RussianWhataboutism  #distractify
Still nothing from you about jobs or lower taxes for Rhode Islanders. All you do is puke out what your party tells you to. SICK!!!
Neither party is free from sin. Especially yours. Don't be so smug. Both parties speak with forked toung. You complain about all but u. Hmmm
GDP, jobs, unemployment, consumer confidence, national security, all improved. Oh the horror!
That how I feel when our politicians are ignorant about the need for universal healthcare for all Americans.
Disgusting. But entirely predictable. You can't serve society as a whole and special interests at the same time. (God or Mammon, GOP?)
Shameful. This reminds me of letting my 9 yr old grandchild loose in the kitchen! Bedlam.
Agreed! Thank you for your leadership. Please sign on in support of the #NoFossilFuelMoney pledge: http://nofossilfuelmoney.org  #ActOnClimate
Corruption is what perpetuates the climate scam that redistributes wealth.
So your home must be covered in solar panels and you drive a prius, how about Al Gore's new 20 room mansion in Tenn, what's fueling that.
Thx Senator Whitehouse. Deliberate ignorance sums it up.
It's always about paying back the rich people who fund their campaigns at the expense of 99% of the population.
OMG. All payback. We will leave our children nothing. There is almost nothing left but to resist. #ImpeachTrump It's our only chance.
