How were they alive before the ACA?
Sucking up your tax dollars by going to the hospital without insurance
YOU think about it, senator. WE SUPPORTED YOU & a platform as Green as a Granny Smith...and you're STILL hawking a dead donkey. #ThinkAgain
Damn
Bernie Sanders was just interviewed on @MeetThePress & throne sniffer @chucktodd never asked about @FBI investigation. Think about that.
yeah, not registering. I'd rather him talk about the real issues facing the country than some investigation that isn't his job to talk about
I hate Paul Ryan but I'm not buying this BS either.
Bernie u r lying, sold out, you and your wife's names are wrecked, so do what is right for AMERICANS, work w others to restore prosperity
Hey you voted to make millions of Americans part time workers when you voted for Obamacare
Why did you abdicate in favour of Hilary! It's your fault we are in this mess senator!!! Yours and yours ONLY!!!!
Bless your heart.
Trump celebrates thousands dying? Think about that. Your'e encouraging violence. Do you care?
Bernie, will you lead the Democrats in making our tax cuts permanent?
Someone who disagrees with you "celebrates" thousands dying? The eternal adolescence of Leftist mind. Stop inciting violence.
You insite violence and murder with your lies think about that. Leftists are domestic terrorists. Your Resistance movement treason.
And what's your net worth? I have one word for you..,Venezuela
Who did they vote to let die , Bernie?
I am embarrassed as an American. I don't understand how DT became our Commander-in-chief. Makes me sick. Not my choice. 
One of your supporters just shot three Republicans. No doubt incited by your words. Think about THAT.
Disgusting comment. Trump celebrates thousands dying?
 This incites violence. But you're a leftist, and that's the idea, right?
The burnout spreads lies and fake news
Dumbest thing I've read today ..Bernie what did everyone do before Obamacare ???  Did thousands Die ???  GET REAL !!!
Geez, Bernie. You're not only a sell out, you now sound like a drama queen. You're just mad because you want us to become Venezuela! 
@spradlinok. Bernie is as bad as HRC . He took a bribe to close his mouth and back herHIS FOLLOWE RS  were very disappointed with him
Agree.  Bernie has zero authority at this point after what he did to those that supported him. Some still refuse to believe it was a con.
Both "BankFraudBernie " and his Mrs. Need to learn to be quiet then people will wonder just how crooked he is.Since he speaks we know!
That statement makes no factual sense. Referencing examples, specifics or details would serve to support your claim. Think about that!
This is the pic you need to remember when its time to vote!!!
How many luxury homes must one own before being considered rich?
Thanks @SenSanders.. you handed this to tRUMP
Could you be any more ignorant?
Cannot believe anyone would think Trump would represent the US and our ideals better than Bernie Sanders! Did everyone drink the cool aid???
And republicans want to let innocent babies die for convenience! #defundPP
Gotta give it to Bernie 

The poor have ins subsided by gov like you Bernie and your wife who bankrupted a college.
Bernie you are such a lier. My health ins left Arizona and my premium is almost a thousand a month I am the working class. And how is beach
IT SUCKS WHEN LOWER MIDDLE CLASSS HAS ABSOLUTE NO DISPOSABLE INCOME FROM OUR FUCKING TAXES BUT THANKS WORRY ABOUT THE POOR :'^)
I just realized this tweet is hard to tell which side I'm referring to :P
Oh Bernie, quit your fear mongering. But then that's all Dems do. You have lost all credibility.
Please explain exactly how they are making people die?  Is it because of the children organ trafficking?
Nobody should have to pay for another man's health insurance.
@Josh_LaValley1
stay woke 

We love u Bernie 
Bernie if hyperbole were an Olympic event, you'd have a gold medal 
People need to #VoteThemOut
They are building a plan that can actually pay for itself while providing same level of care. My premiums are up 40% this year.
You dont really believe that do you?
What about your failing Obamacare?  Insurance companies dropping out leaving K's without healthcare?? Dems turn a blind eye ?
Thousands will die, just as thousands died under Obamacare.Stop using this fake argument.#obamacare failed & made things worse for us #truth
This is what happens when you hire a selfish privileged orange turd to the President's seat of the US office. My heart breaks for Americans
Better read what you just said.It sound pretty stupid.
Who should get tax breaks? The bottom 49% of income earners who don't pay income taxes but still get money back?
Good you can sell your 3 houses after your wife's FBI  investigation pay me back the 3,030$ I pay a month for shitty ins. For 3 ppl!
You wanted to turn the US into the next Venezuela, I can say with certainty that you lack ANY credibility, or ethics, or morals, or values
Senator, your statement is a crock
Think about a white,  male,  rich socialist with 3 homes and a 1/4 mil $ car lecturing people about taxes as if he cares for the poor.
Socialist liar
Liar
Socialist liat
This was his/their mandate all along...it's all about supporting the wealthy at the expense of the rest of us...disgusting!
Tens of thousands could not afford Obamacare but that's alright...right?
This just gets my goat.
Arrrrgg
Suddenly you care?

Oh, wait...Wasn't it the #DEMONCRATS who created & voted for #ObamaCare, including DEATH PANELS 2 "ration" care 2 old folks so they'll die?
Then again, NONE of you READ THE BILL, so you don't actually KNOW what's in it. Is that for "plausible deniability"??? #TTT2017 #pjnet
Bernie! Bernie! Bernie! When will you pay your fair share? You are a hypocrite liberal mentality ill person! You've ripped off us enough!!
Senator, you & your @DNC accomplices have been shamefully misleading all for soooo long, only the brainless believe you!
Hyperbole much Bern?
Grow up, Mr. Three Houses.
Never let anyone tell you Crazy Bernie isn't a fear-monger
Thousands are gonna die anyway.  The bill ensures I don't have pay higher premiums because some people overuse the system.
Bernie Sanders and his followers = Supreme Lazy.  Always begging for more handouts from people who work.
Reallocation of existing government monies, alway from bloated military, The Art of War Sun Tzu.
Thousands of 'snowflakes' may die from their heads exploding because they don't get their way.
Alarming! Terrifying!! Did you HEAR that?! Spread the word, we're all going to DIE!!! Or, our imperfect Healthcare system is being tweaked.
What do you think eliminating fossil fuels or letting in terrorists unvetted will do? You're a hypocrite.
Bullshit Bernie croaks again.
This simple minded post should be an insult to thinking people.  Who is your intended audience Bernie?  Think about that.
A little bit much on the melodramatic messaging @SenSanders Nobody voted to let any Americans die.
Go Bernie!
Bernie, I've followed you since the 60's in VT. You are a Commiecrat

Bernie and you want communism to end human rights, steal all u can and kill the opposition. I know what u want, u don't fool me. Been there
You were chairman of VA oversight. Vets died under your watch and you did nothing. You have zero credibility to talk about healthcare
what do you expect from us general ordinary americans? how can we fight
A sad comment on our nation's current priorities.  The photo of these white rich guys celebrating their "win" is disgusting.
You are full of yourself, attempting to put fear of death into the hearts of citizens. Shame libs choose to abuse fellow Americans like this
fake news
Take that bullshit elsewhere, liar.
Funny dems think that on trump plan everyone is gonna die but if u stay on Obamacare everyone lives forever!these people aren't very bright!
That's a total fabrication. Bern staying your mansion and be quiet.
You're an idiot Sanders. Obamacare is decimating the middle class, so you can feel like Santa Claus to your favorite pet people. Degenerate.
Obamacare cancelled on me 3 separate times last year. No payments missed. Couldn't go to doc for 6 months. Think about that.
Seriously Bernie.  You're such a FRAUD.
Your Drama is getting Old, Just like you and just like socialism, Look at Venasuala , Another fine example .. It doesn't Work, Never has, NE
DLC 5
Bernie driving to one of his 3 mansions in his $250k Audi
Stop spreading this BS.  Just read that statement and tell me again with honesty that you believe Americans will let other Americans die.
Relax, loser.  If your own party didn't screw you over, maybe you could have done something about it.
Hmmm I'm thinking ..... that you're lying.
Hey Bernie, you are a socialist hack that has no clue.  Go get a real job.
What about our military that sacrifice their lives?Where's their exceptional medical benenfits that they DESERVE?Ur not very bright are you?

Hope they enjoy their little celebration...it won't get through the Senate !!
I get socialized medicine through the military, more often have to wait to get treatment. Many restrictions on the type. None on wknds
One word Bernie...LIE!
Bernie the hypocrite pays less taxes than anyone. Plus he has how many mansions? 6 (at least).
You mean like several of the states that have, or are about to have, ZERO insurance providers under Obamacare?!
Why don't you retire?
How many houses do you have again, Bernie? Two? Or three? #hypocrite #MAGA
Bernie, you are a damned liar or a doddering old fool. Which is it?
Trump needa legalize marijuana nd get tf out the white house he aint doin shit but start shit, nd lie.
No one listens to your lies any longer....nice car 
Bernie, Bernie,.. please stop with the over the top hyperbolic speech. Try bringing people together, or are you in this for attention?
You're a delusional old liar
Coming from a party that celebrates the murder of 3,000 unborn babies everyday! #BlindGuides
Lol
No, if you read the fine print, the plan is to let liberals die while making all Republicans rich at the same time. This is the plan.
Quit being so Hypocritical
and this old man Communist actually wanted to be President.  Thank G_d the DNC took him out.
Do you dream these ludicrous statements up or does Hillary tell you what to tweet?
You a lie!!
We went through the bill! YOU and YOUR PARTY should be charged with attempted murder!
http://truthfrequencyradio.com/the-covert-report-with-susan-lindauer-72218/ …
How dare you sit in one of your 3 homes and pretend you have a clue what veterans go through. You failed and people died under Obama's VA.
I am sure you have all your little followers scares to death but those who do There home work know your lies!
Senator, please, you and I both know that Corporations hold the power in the US. This is not a surprise, as disgusting as it is.
please show some intellectual honesty, please after all you are a leader!
I love that people can't get over it! It's great!
Could everyone just turn down the political rhetoric by like 70%. Obamacare is collapsing and this bill is putting an old bandaid on it.
such a good man  he paid 11 pt 12% taxes. If he believed. He would have donated the other 20% to IRS.  I didn't hear about it
what a big fat lie
Coming from someone who sold his soul to Hillary Clinton even after it was proven he was cheated. You would think he would grow a brain.
Working/Tax Paying Americans had better health care before Obama Care and we will have better health care after Obama Care!!
Why didn't you use 1/8 of your energy toward the VA and our vets not getting help and dying! Then maybe your voice would matter. #bigfailure
The only thing I think about when it comes to u is THANK GOD I no longer live in VT so I rarely hear about u:) & THANK GOD for our @POTUS !!
Wow--a tad dramatic.. ?!?  
You are as phony as they get.
How is your 3rd house?
Where was your concern for the Veterans who died waiting for health care during the last administration?
comes from a guy that used a trick to evade taxes... laughable :P
Yawn. You and the Dems do nothing, never have.  Wife been indicted yet for stealing millions? When she is who will change your diapers then?
Your wife is under investigation by the FBI
I'd rather think about your wife being under investigation by the FBI!
So tired of your socialist & leftist & communist CRAP PIE HOLE!  And let's not forget your sycophant main stream media support group! Losers
Yeah right, you didn't even know when you were being railroaded by your own worthless despicable party.
Look @ Paul such a happy cheerleader
