@GOP is aiding and abetting the #TrumpCrimeFamily.
Utter bullshit. If GOP had any REAL frustration they'd all be speaking about it in no uncertain terms. They still support Trump.
They still hope to get his signature on agenda items before too late
But when when when will it "boil over" and some actions to save us happen
When will these issues be addressed. Shameful major Nepotism and conflictof interest in the WH. Totally lost faith in the elected officials
I wish Rs would stand up for the country they work for. Just because their base is too stupid to see the truth is no excuse for them not too
Clinton lied about cheating on his wife and look what the Rs did.  McConnell would have held up SCOTUS. He did so on a lesser reason.
Tell Sheldon  to Get off hallucinatorynmedication
Lol.  You people are beyond petty liars.  Grow up.
No, because as soon as people think that, they just look at Democrats and say "oh, yeah, he prevented Hillary"
Ho
It should have boiled over several revelations ago, but better late than never
It's going to be a great 8 years
That's why he went to Paris
In his dreams.
After hearing about this I support Trump for eight years then Pence then Ivanka that's 24 years of Republicans
I don't think so 
Stop the insipid witch hunts. The public is more fed up the ridiculous investigations.
They're fed up in the sense that this is what it's come to.
I'll believe it when I see articles of impeachment drawn up.
I doubt that. Party before country remember.
Oh Shellie calm down or you will smudge your Makeup!
https://www.hannity.com/content/2017-07-12-russian-lawyer-who-met-with-trump-jr-linked-to-group-hired-by-democrats/#.WWgIee8aAZo.twitter …
Based on the idiocy surrounding Treason and Impeachment , I would submit it is your party that is frustrated beyond reason. Its called TDS.
I'll believe it when I see it
Prove it
Then they should
Not soon enough....
Been hearing this forever
As with anything else these days, I'll believe it when I see it.
falls under the catagory of, I'll believe it when I see it.
What's it gonna take? JESUS! 65+ million of US r waiting 4 true leadership! #25thAmendmentNow #WeWontStop #LiarInChief
Nooooooo! Not until AFTER 2018... @MSNBC @Im_TheAntiTrump @swingleft @maddow
Liberals can't handle Trump's honesty, focus on clean up in Washington.  Dems need to be exposed and all their corruption.
Can't happen soon enough.... what's the breaking point?
It should have BOILED - OVER by now, maybe is time for Americans to turn-up the flames
Bullshit.
LOVE IT!!!!!
America first? I doubt that very seriously.
You mean they've figured out how grow cahones in Washington? I'll believe it when I see it! Er (them!)

Fake news , Trumps to strong
Turn up the heat, leakers! Journalists..get going!
Democrats from R.I.   47 people voted for him.
OH GO FIND SOME MORE NEWS! THIS RUSSIA CRAP LONG OVER! YOU DEMOCRATS HAVE NO OTHER FORM! YOUR PARTY IS DONE!!
They should've boiled long ago but I'm thankful if they're boiling now.
LOL LOL SIMPLY NOT NOT TRUE WHAT'S SO EVER
It's hard for Dump to find the GOP Goldilocks Zone. He's too fascist for some of them and not fascist enough for the rest.
If only...
And here I was thinking that @GOP couldn't generate enough heat to help Hell melt a snowball.
Trump's lies and arrogance will continue as long as he thinks the GOP are covering his back. Sadly - for now - they are. Awful.
GOP are like the horrible enabling parents of a spoiled, lying, bullying brat!
he's the perfect stooge. Why would the gop want anything better?
Believe that when a Republican help with the articles of impeachment. Seems like their fine now... just a bit annoyed
I'll believe it when I see it
GOP doesn't have leadership skills - why are they putting up with this jerk. Dangerous for our country.
Then do it already!
#darkmoney Those sycophants aren't going anywhere. They can't. And Trump knows it.

Haven't we been hearing that since Flynn was still the Security Adviser??
The biggest joke of the Democrats is frustrated sure they're not Robbing money with Hillary anymore
Maybe they'll find the courage to put country over party!
No it's not, this is more fake news
Boiled over. You guys mean impeachment? No?
Maybe the nevertrumpers, not the rest of us.
