It was a joy to watch u at yesterday's hearing.  Wish we had more like u & #SenDurbin . So clear the @GOPSenate don't care about Russiahack
#NeverDJTHRC From Hillary Clinton Donor to Kremlin Bank Flack http://thebea.st/29ifnP0?source=twitter&via=desktop … Many Donors/Lobbyists had ties Russia/Clintons/Dems
you forgot to add Don The Con and Co.
4,5,6,7 are YES not no's -2016 - you must dig deeper RU influence began early 2000 with direct influence electing congressmen from Mich.
Agree. The tentacles are many and deep.
@MarcusC22973194
Are you aware of all of this? Is Mitt compromised too? How far down the succession line are we? Holy moly...
"How far down ...." This began prior 2 the fall of the Soviet Union, as far as the import-export co. & pre-Watergate for some ppl involved.
kudos senator the majority need you to stay strong 2018 will be here soon. i find u 2b honorable.
#NeverDJTHRC US is no stranger to interfering in elections of other countries—Clintons in Elections & Foreign Econs
https://twitter.com/theresamax/status/870768203051540481 …
How is this legal? FAUX "news" telling lies for 20 years isn't enough? How crippled is too crippled for  to be?
Seth Rich is not on your list
All of the above! We need an #IndependentInvestigation #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
The same ones the US used all over the world?
#NeverTrumpHillary Be nice to Hillary Clinton online—or risk confrontation w/her super PAC http://fw.to/Gh1s6V  Well-Heeled Paid Trolling
And in the previous years? Did the misuse & abuse by @HillaryClinton @DNC servers that were destroyed assist the Russians?
Top 3 at least
Sir, watched the hearings and wanted to point out assassination absolutely used part of Rus campaign against Russians with knowledge of ops.
Yes to All! Thank you @SenWhitehouse
all the above and none illegal. Answer also where most of the info used by the hackers came from. Hillarys unsecur server.
Where is White house's set up audio/video? I thought that provided enough evidence to bury Don 6 feet under!
Probably all of them. The Kremlin is dancing in the Hall Ways because they gottheir man elected. Flynn, Manafort are just casualities of war
Thank you for not interrupting #SallyYates
Russian influence extends deeper than Trump. Trump is the very tip of the iceberg.
I suggest that every US state should join the Russian Federation!
with Trump in charge, that can happen easily ! Alaska will be first
For Alaska that would be a way back to Russia.
Will Sara lead the way?
Russia is a large country, which has a lot of possibilities.
#7 is a definite YES, if the DNC Chair DWS hadn't loaded the primary for Hillary, we would have Prez Sanders in office.
All boxes cked yes except 1 and that one is a maybe/Possibility in future kinda thing
yes, yes, yes, maybe, yes, yes, yes. and maybe goes to yes if we consider journos, operatives elsewhere.
Big question on last one (corrupting/compromising politicians) BUT -- the obstruction, deleting of official statements, and twitter activity
It was 1)Yes,2)Yes,3)Yes,4)No,5)? &6)?
Too bad it's not a sweepstakes contest that one can win great prizes for checking yes in every row - instead its our democracy is FUBAR.
All except maybe the investments.  The Russian UN ambassador died mysteriously in NY a few months ago.  Love the chart!
well done @SenWhitehouse
You both are awesome thank you
Just from what has been reported so far, yes to all
All of the above!  Too bad @GOP is too power-crazed to put country first.
All of them
sounds like the last 8 years
All of the above, but please stop interrupting Sally Yates!
yes x6!!!!
Ok. And then what Senator? You need to be far more aggressive. We need an independent commission. It's not Sesame Street and GOP not muppets
Isn't it possible ( last on your list) that Russia leaked to WaPo or some other country which has Flynn or T adm on tape
Yes for all
Investment controls? Don't they now own controlling interest in a major oil/gas or refinery company?
well done
Well, lotta bodies with Russian names...
I see six, the investment controls I am not read up on...
Nicely done
Now we can ask "how long until an independent Watergate-style investigation", since Repubs have made it obvious they are party over country.
Yes. All of the above.
Most interesting Q not asked: WHO recommended Russia-connected staff to Trump campaign? Manafort,Page,Tillerman,Ross,Flynn,etc?
@MalcolmNance Ryan Mitch chavettz all Russia
All of them.
Thank you for your questions on the actual focus Senator
Thank you for your work today. Just fill all blanks as being used.
All of the above.
all of them!  Comey says the Russia cyber-warfare campaign against us is ONGOING.  Why is not mentioned over and over?  People need to hear!
Great interview with Greta and Senator Graham
You're missing taped between DT campaign and Russia. The Russians recorded everything. Be sure of it
Me: (Tries to click on the boxes.) 
All are yes +1 not ask.
Could the shooting death of DNC employee Seth Conrad Rich-July 2016 be related to no.4 on your visual aid?
Sen. Whitehouse laid out the stunning evidence of treason by Trump and  his gang.
Thank you
to sum up #SenateJudiciary
Thank you for your honesty and bringing up these important topics #trumprussia
Good hearing. Don't let Lindsey Graham dilute this important work with all the distractions about "unmasking"
senator forgot one important thing on top of his chart, the words clintons & russian uranium deal, then he could check all his boxes yes.
The sign was clear, concise and should be obvious to all that the Russians interfered with ours and now France elections. Let's fix it now!
Hackers hacked the DNC doesn't mean Russian government did. Wikileaks times damaging leaks, doesn't mean Russian government did.
PARAMOUNT US security objective: ferret out any Putin directed FSB sleeper cells&or Defense&CIA secrets&NOT partisan CYA-ing administration
Propaganda Fake News and Trolls yes....all others not proven. Russian government was not proven to have hacked DNC and all others not proven
Thank you for asking the direct tough questions. Really appreciate your list that simply points out how our Democracy has been compromised.
Wish there were more like you representing us.  Great job today.
I do love a man with a chart.
Maybe your attack on President Trump is simply to coverup your incest with your kids. Just maybe, eh?
really
"Vladimir Putin ate my homework."
You're doing a terrific job. Follow the Money. Don't let the old gits and Texas Ted distract from the issue. Thanks. We'll remember.
Flynn was named in November , trumo wasn't in control of the GOVERNMent .
To the staffer showing the utmost dedication to duty in placing and replacing this graphic- been there-appreciate you!
Is "all of the above" an acceptable answer?
Unclassify so we can know the truth #Congress #Trump #Russia These secrets from the American people have gone on long enough! #Yates
Excellent! Nicely stated.
So if  Kislyak was in embassy or consulate during phone call on 29th isn't that considered Russia?
Investment Control in Key Economic Sectors?  Thank you again Hillary and Bill.  The Clinton connection to Wall St is well known & now O too.
Thanks again to Hillary & the Clinton Foundation for "Corruption/Compromising Politicians".  Both Clinton's left office with ! 100M each
Timed leaks of damaging material.  Thank you to Hillary for providing the Russians with plenty of damaging material.  Then sharing w/weiner
This looks like a the DNC 2016 Primary playbook to me. @DraftBernie @OrganizeRI
ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL OF THEM
YES
All of the above
Your opening statement ROCKED!!
All of them
U didn't ask anybody, anything.  U did a political monologue.  Spent  7 minutes w/o asking a single question.  Can't learn when your talking
Ought to send that to the DNC and have that body respond under oath ...
should do both parties you know "just to be fair"
shill-- this looks like the clinton/obama gang bible
Before you blame someone or something else for your problems look inward
Neither would have number two
Her campaign director well that probably wouldn't have even happened 
I know because while married my husband was involved in helping to usher in RU influence & effectively became an RU asset
Well if number three had come off of a democratic candidates and her staffs unsecured server and poorly password protected email account of
English not your best language?
None.
Let's start with all the very bad decisions That you and rest of senate and congress has made good bye come election time
Your political blinders are on. Take them off
Poor Putin knows now that Trump's not the sharpest tool in the toolbox.

all of the above..
I got at least 5 out of 7 on my scorecard
All of the above.
