Thank you senator graham . Please do something about it to save our country
When one is attacked wrongly, does he not have the right, indeed obligation, to respond? You're wrong, again, Mr Graham.
You will all get your wish when the baby boomers are gone.  You'll find out when the purple who actually worked are not there to support you
I'm not fond of his tweeting when they include this type of content but Mr. Graham, the dignity of the office was lost many moons ago!
I would retweet this, but the only Mr. President I acknowledge is NOT Trump aka the fake president.
"Mentally Ill" "Thug" "Goon" "His Daughter Jacks Him Off" is the vile slanderous material that parades itself as journalism & news.
BRAVO!  You have to impeach this terrible person!
Because he can still hold a pen to sign off on your appallinging damaging agenda.
Nice but you must have the strength, courage and moral fortitude to actually DO something about DJT. Save America! Please. #25AmmendmentNow
So much for this tweet, as he continued today and most likely tomorrow.  Our POTUS reads National Enquirer what do other leaders read ??
Well that didn't work
.@LindseyGrahamSC His tweet was on his personal account. Not POTUS had nothing to do with office or American people
So, what are you doing to start the process of removing him? Because the internet has a great memory, it will cost the GOP in 2018
5...falls not in sudden movements but by sins of neglect. YOUR neglect. One party rule is not democratic, and one party rule under ...
Please lead your fellow Senators to act to remove this disgrace from our Presidency. It will not get better, only worse.
Need to do more than this! Stand up to him stop letting him make you all the party of misogyny. Stand up for this country! #ImpeachTrumpNOW
...but I'll sign that bullshit taxcuthealthcut bill that you're so crazy about.
@realDonaldTrump do not trust you with my info.  There is something seriously wrong with you.
This was one of the few tweets you have done that I am proud of as your constituent. Thank you, sir!

Fool
I don't remember you bashing Obama's World Apology (Bash America) Tour as un-Presidential.  somewhat selective aren't you?
And your tweet is nothing more than a typical response from the swamp!

Either back the @POTUS or back off...
For the love of God Lindsey just come out. No one cares!! Don't prop up Trump! Protect your legacy.
You're what's wrong w/ American politics America needs term limits now #TermLimits
Patrick and Lance.  Great way to stay on point.
And this was honoring president office
Jesus. You think?  Everything about him demeans the office and the party. I'm switching in 2018.
You wouldn't know greatness if it hit you in the face.
Yes keep criticizing.  It will be remembered
This could be sent almost every time he tweets!!
Mr. Senator, Its beneath you to continue your Self Righteous Tone & that type of arrogance is what's wrong with American Politics
He is, in fact, a disgrace. Nice of you to speak up, but the GOP are showing the world that they have non interest in ethics or morals.
No way this is going to happen if I was being picked on iPick  back to he had every right trump 2020
Shut Up LGSC "We The People R The New Fed's" & U Have corrupted & obstructed the agenda of the office We have our ion ALL.
Closet.
"Grab 'em by the pussy!" 
I'm sorry, just not feeling your outrage, today.
Nobody cares what you think
Get something done doing your job !!
At some point during the next 8 years you will be up for reelection and we will remember your failure to support #POTUS.
You & other Repubs need 2 stop with criticism. Your pathetic attempts 2 give yourselves cover not foolx People. You only give aid 2 the left
Tell the media to stop being so left and biased!!!!
Your Tweets are a waste of time.  STOP VOTING WITH him.
Which tweet, Senator? If you are referring to the most recent, why have you waited so long to speak up??? Stop putting party before country.
Try lookin in the mirror good sir
You are what is wrong. You are not great in any way. Your principles are none existent.
@ him tho
Sen Graham: then please stand up to him and do your job.
Don't blame politics. Trump's been horrible for decades.
With all due respect, Senator Graham, it's up to you and other members of the GOP to STOP this nonsense. Start impeachment. Unfit president.
Wrong with American politics?! What is wrong with HIM!
Collins, You and McCain are what is wrong with politics.  Shut up and get behind Mr. Trump, because he is for the people.
Says the man who could not even carry his own state.
Wrong Sen. Graham, we elected @realDonaldTrump  to fight the entire deep state.
If you and the rest of the #RINOS had the balls to stand up for this administration maybe he wouldn't have to tweet as much.
Please help talk sense into POTUS
You are despicable! Shame on you betraying your - our President! You're not God almighty-remember!
Maybe Mika's should have been staying home to let her face heal rather then have Trump worry.over the condition of a guest? Just facts.
GO Trump! We the American people voted him in. We are tired of the FAKE NEWS! Support our president or resign.
Mr. Graham, this tweet wasn't about politics.  It was personal and it was mean. He is an immature man baby.  Please stop him!
behavior and demand an opology.Make it clear to the President and all members of Congress, that we expect professional conduct from you all.
Can you do something about this guy already? His presence IN the office is beneath the office.
Grow a set & do something about it Lindsey. The power is in your hands.  Remove him!
@realdonaldtrump He is not worthy of the office he holds. He has exposed himself as being trayf.
Just watched @realDonaldTrump WWF video. What will it take for all of you to get him out!!! Pence is certainly a better option!!!
Lindsey you are so good with words Actions not so much unless we count your recent actions with Grassley to undercut FBI
You should take that statement and turn it around and apply it to yourself.  The shoe fits perfectly.
A little sanctimonious from someone who won't even direct your condescending speech to its intended recipient.Very weasel-like.Pray for help
And yet, still he tweets...
Lindsey Graham how long have you been suckling on crooked Muslim brotherhood Obama
carry your own State. But the your constituents want to hear your demoralizing better men than you.
When are you people going to remove this dangerous man?
Better than beneath the desk, like you.
POTUS TRUMP dares to speak his mind and you are not.  That's why HE is The President.
So your President takes Putin at his word that they did not interfere in our election. You are going to let that stand?? #CountryOverParty
@LindseyGrahamSC keeps giving libs ammo against @POTUS NEWSFLASH: no one cares, you old F@RT. Your constituency are dropping like flies
What's wrong with politics is honesty; honoring promises N putting Americans 1st. That's rare these days. And honest journalism. Not FAKE!
It seems the only time you tweet regarding our president @realDonaldTrump is when you go against him.  You do not represent true America
You left out "...so shut up so we can strip healthcare from the needy and give our patrons tax cuts."
Mr. Graham with all due respect, you're missing the point. @POTUS tweets are refreshing & the people feel a real connect with 1 of their own
American politics for far too long determined what America's greatness was supposed to be. Now it's the American people who make greatness
YOU are what's wrong with American politics.
Not much longer though ....
{1/3} Hussein O's membership in DownLo Club & spying on @realDonaldTrump team IS WHAT'S BENEATH THE OFFICE #ObamaGate
Mr. Graham you must know that you are on all our bad lists. That includes your friend Mr. McCain.  We will vote you out.

Sen Graham, I appreciate your tweet, but action should be taken to remove this unfit and unhinged man. He is destroying Americas leadership
You sir are a child molester that will go straight to prison very very soon.
Agree, but you let this happen. You and the entire GOP own him. It's been clear from day 1 this man has no business being President.
It represents what you and your pals endorsed to be the face of this country.
Your past tweet has never been truer.
Have u seen his latest? re cnn fight? how long r u guys going to let this buffoon humiliate the country?
Lindsey, we need you to get back to that guy who was telling us the truth about what a con man Trump is/ was.  Please start calling him out!
You and your ilk are what's wrong with Republicans in DC: no team spirit. It's not a game for wild ducks, join the flock and kick some ass.
mr graham your betrayal to president trump is beneath the office taxpayers are paying you for
And yet you endorsed him and voted for him b/c you could vote for Hillary. Hope you feel better when Japan, Korea, Alaska and 100s of ..,
For years, the media has run down you and the Rep. party.  Final someone stands up and what do you do. Coward
Evergreen tweet. DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
You should just set this up for auto retweet on a daily basis
Where was ur tweet when Kathy Griffin did the severed head? Where was ur tweet when the 5 nude statues of Trump went up? 
what about Barron?
Were you lecturing Obama about bringing Big Bird into American politics?
you rhinos are the problem in DC I hope you all get voted out.
l don't care about his tweets what l care about is being able to get healthcare coverage after having lost it.U do not care
Lindsay Graham, not that you would understand, but, Pres Trump IS NOT A SNOB & in touch with REAL Americans!
Where is the outrage for Obama? He committed REAL crimes that got people killed. But then I guess you Probably know that.
Stop talking and DO something about it. Words without action are worthless.
Lindsey, you are a Democrat. The left is calling... #MAGA
Can you please fill this out to support your feelings of #butthurt  kthanxbai
Let Joe, and Mika rip you 24 hours a day, see if u like it? U have never been for Trump. U r what is wrong with politics.
Then you stand up to the liberal attacks against our president.
Aren't u up for reelection in 2018 
It's about time Mr. Graham. I hope your colleagues show courage, integrity and man-up against this bully!
Where were your tweets of outrage when Obama used the constitution as toilet paper?
No His tweet just told the truth and exposed Mika's hipocracy. She wants to hob nob but attacks on t.v. Truth doesn't play favorites.
Try to help him Lindsay
Remember this? This could be ur moment of true Patriotism! Stand up & impose this 4 ur country! #25thamendmentNOW
Thanks but do something? @GOP -all- ALL of u who ran against him called him for the con he is but now roll over? #theemperorhasnoclothes
I noticed you are a NWO war hawk standing alongside Liz Warren. You are the one beneath dignity of your office.
The president's attacks on the FREE PRESS will never stop. Do something!  Grow a spine!
We voted for our @POTUS All you have to do is keep your mouth shut. Someone has to fight back & our @POTUS is fighting back & so R we
Just be QUIET @LindseyGrahamSC You R digging your own grave. We stand by our @POTUS. VOTE HIM OUT South Carolina 2020 MAGA
Force him to see a therapist. He needs help! Big time.
Too bad Trump doesn't have consequences like the rest of us.
Too bad the GOP has chosen Trump above America.
#NoMoralCompass
Show some real leadership. Start the discussion  about the 25th Amendment. Force Trump to realize that this behavior has real consequences.
Why don't you just do your job and leave scolding @POTUS to the public. Repeal Obama care, do your job!
Fake news at CNN.
.@LindseyGrahamSC dude actually trump is exactly what your brazenly venal and greedy politics leads to. Thanks
he has crossed the line this weekend with threatening clips retweeted from POTUS account.  Take action now!   Please
Finally !!!
What's wrong w politics is NOT @POTUS tweets; corrupt swamp land D.C. career politicians @gop & dnc is whats wrong & why WE VOTED #MAGA
the scum that constantly used horrible language and even insinuates that he is having a incestual affair with his daughter. Where did
#TermLimits #draintheswamp

You knew when you nominated him he would destroy you. You owe it to the country to get rid of Trump & Bannon filth.  Do something please
{3/3} u & @SenJohnMcCain & RINOs & Anti-DJT @GOP & Libtards ARE WHAT's WRONG W/AMERICAN POLITICS #MAGA
This President, and his supporters, experienced what's wrong with American politics long before the election. He won. Support him.

nobody asked your opinion
How would you know AH????
Words mean very little to @realDonaldTrump. TAKE SOME ACTION. He is unfit for office; remove him, PLEASE!
Heard you and songbird are both being blackmailed by deep state CIA hacks. Just confess-the truth will set you free!
Daily agenda of lies and undignified attacks do not deserve to be dignified and ignoring them only would lend to the appearance of hiding.
It's not sexist to bring @morningmika down. She's a wannabe celebrity whose ratings hinge on the "Hate Trump Mantra" LIES & personal attacks
He did not tweet from the office handle. You should remove the plank from your own eye before directing others.
LOL Beneath the dignity?? Like diddling your intern with a cigar or running guns to Mexico? That kind of dignity?
Republican GREED & accepting interference with Russia is what's wrong with politics. @POTUS tweet is what's wrong with the PRESIDENT.
The tweet was small potatoes. The deplorables who elected him want you to move on and support @POTUS. #MAGA
Time to impeach.
I honestly don't know which tweet you talking about
U still voted 2 take away #HEALTHCARE OUT OF 22 MILLION PPL @GOP party dignity is as low as depths of #Titanic
We do not want our voter information shared.  Trump is trying for a fascist gov dictatorship, get him out.
This would have meant more if you (and all others who wrote something similar) had tagged him. As such it's just posturing. Cowards, all.
#25thAmendmentNow
Thank you sir for speaking up for the country and the greater good!!
the problem with America is the acceptance of hippocritical behavior "they insisted on joining me" but now "morning Joe speaks badly of me"
Your what's wrong with politics. You think this POTUS would have been elected if ppl like you are whats right? Your part of the problem.
How DARE YOU speak ANYTHING against @potus!  You need to learn your place and hold up the President of the United States - or RESIGN!
@williamlegate he does have a pair
You could get rid of him if you really wanted to. Forget your career. Just do what is right
- - If Truman was alive and you said that to him, he'd spit in your cowardly eye . . .
Please save America. Trump is crazy and beyond reason. He must be impeached. Please take the lead and save us from him.
You left out "But I'll vote with you anyway."
Sit down Lindsey, you have left the Conservative Party a long time ago. I pray you are never elected again.
Yep it's sickening.  Mika's response was priceless though
And she'll be the one forced to apologize and resign.
Don't speak for SC Lindsey. He's doing something you won't and that's take down the propaganda media, they're enemies to the country
No, it's the problem of Republican politics.
Sen Graham thanks for calling this what it is, but further action needed to remove him. Surely the Rep agenda will be more credible w/o DT.
Stop chiding the idiot and FUCKING IMPEACH HIM.
BTW...the House impeaches not the Senate.  They hold the "trial".
No fucking shit!
You're a genius.  You told a Senator to impeach the President.  He doesn't have that power.  Learn more...curse less.
He is a senior figure in his party. He can show leadership by applying pressure to GOP House reps to support impeachment, douchetron.
He can then vote convict once the impeachment process reaches the Senate, you fucking colon polyp.
Sit down. Shut up. You're done for the day.
You got schooled, and now you're screeching obscenities at him to shut him up. How precious 
