They’ve studied diligently and worked hard to make a better future for themselves and their families.
They’ve given back to their communities. This program takes those contributions into account and grants well-earned peace of mind.
Throughout my time in the Senate, I’ve pushed for a comprehensive plan to fix our immigration system.
That plan should secure our borders and establish a tough process for those here illegally to get right by the law.
But it must treat people – especially children – humanely.
Unraveling #DACA confronts none of the major problems with immigration system. Instead, @POTUS is breaking apart families & bruising economy
And, on the heels of Charlottesville, he is signaling to champions of hate and bigotry that their voices matter most.
100% agree. Rigorous path to citizenship for children brought here by parents/other adults.
what then about the illegal parents. U gonna reward them for causing the problem because u cant break them up. Immigration REFORM not DACA
Adults w/ children cut in line ahead of others & you let them. How is that fair to those who respect our laws? Pass legislation to fix #DACA
And the parents had plenty of time to correct their status - if I neglect my child whose to blame Me so these parents need to fix this
So did a lot of these kids. Some now are 32. They could have already applied
What is so shameful and cruel about ending an illegal policy enacted by Obama and asking you and Congress to do your jobs?
The days of slave labor is finished under President Trump!
Shameful & Cruel... it's the Republican way!
Democrats don't care about the American children! Those here legally pay the price!
Did 32 year old DACA babies apply for citizenship or congress do anything to make them citizens 4 years why concern about them b4 legal kids
YOU ARE THE SHAMEFUL! YOU SHOULD BE LOOKING AFTER YOUR COUNTRY MEN VS. ILLEGAL CHILDREN/ADULTS!! TRAITOR! SHUT UP!!
Perhaps you should get you ass down to Washington and start doing your job! You do nothing for RI.
Obama knew his Executive Order was unconstitutional and did it anyway.  Send them home & wait in line.
Now, they have no say about leaving the USA!!
Just get your papers in order!
Lots of promise elsewhere, THANKS to USA job training & educ!!!
AMEN should be greatful but no give me more more more. Will b parents that caused the problems cn stay next
My son TRIED  that.

I say, like I WAS TOLD by DAD, you want it, YOU buy it!!

AFTER work 6-9 grade, I had colored sneakers & blue jeans!!!!
@realDonaldTrump #DeplorablePotus #LiarInChief #DeportMelaniaFirst
Tired of hearing U blame @realDonaldTrump  4 what U &Obama did. I would call Sen whitehouse the most inhumane letting this happen for 8 yr
Do something about it besides a tweet or 5. Thank you.
They had the chance and did nothing! They continue to do nothing!
Sen. Whitehouse, DREAMERS appreciate your sympathy and support, but you are of no help unless you procure favorable legislation. Please help
What was shameful & cruel was Obama fiddling with 800k lives. But you desperately need those votes, don't you?
Wao
Do you happen to have a list of how many on the DACA list are collecting food stamps and Medicaid?
tired of hearing U blame @realDonaldTrump  4 what U &Obama did. I would call u the most inhumane letting this happen for 8 yr
What about Rhode Island children ?
AMEN. More worried about shattering illegals dreams our kids cant afford education. I can give sad stories about American kids in need
Well then under president Obama you should have changed the law, but you did NOTHING you use waste of money
Have u seen Obamas waste for the upcoming year alone. Lol
Will you be sponsoring legislation intending to allow DREAMERS to permanently in the US? How soon? The clock is ticking.
WHAT laws do you support? Just the ones you agree with.
Yes we knew you Democrats wanted a dictatorship.  Why have Congreas make laws
Maybe you should be against unconstitutional laws created by the president since it takes away from the powers of congress.
American children starve,children here,twenty generations,no more,who cares for our children TRUMP
Deport the whole Family as they took them here and so they all can go Home!
Why don't you fix the immigration laws so this can't happen? How many years have you had?
But they had say growing up to the parents. And I'm sure were told, don't worry the USA won't do anything.. SURPRISE!!!!
Then work together unilaterally across the isle and fix it. Put what is best for country before all those egos on both sides.
Instead of always making political grandstands do your job and work on some bipartisan efforts that might become law.
DO YOUR JOB SENATOR!!! USELESS BEAN BAG
DO YOUR JOB Senator Whitehouse. Create actual, real legislation that you Took an oath to uphold the Constitution.  Epic failure
Obama broke the law and now they have to pay to right the wrong. Oh well. And you Democrats are totally responsible for it.
Not having healthcare reform is shameful and cruel. Especially for American children and the retired Americans.
I never have to worry - You are always on the right side of the issues.  This is shameful and so sad to use peoples' lives politically.
AMEN!!!
Choosing to address Immigration Reform with an executive order rather than through Congress showed poor leadership.  #Obama
Yet, they are still ILLEGAL.  You are more shameful than any "act".
When a state takes a child and makes ward of that state. Help them become citizen while they are attending our schools. Children NO parents.
Do your job, you have six months, DACA was unconstitutional smh.
If only they were fetuses the republicans would protect them tirelessly.
Fix it! You are there to make laws. Do not let the executive branch dictate law! Maybe congress should have made it a  law Under Obama!
sounds like its time for all you scumbags on bothe side to play "Lets make a deal" !!
You had years to make them fill citizens. Yet another thing dems failed to do correctly.
What about the whites and blacks that was brought here by there parents and those that came in and stole land will this law affect those to
Giving amnesty to children or any other segment of illegal aliens just encourages others to enter this country illegally.  Follow the law.
I'd be pretty pissed if my parents dumped me into another country illegally & told me to demand citizenship. How irresponsible.
No, they are  illegal aliens of another nation.
Can't Congress just make it law?
They can...but they don't want too, kicking the can is a favorite game in Washington. 
Do you support #whitegenocide Sheldon?
Its unconstitutional to begain with Obama thought he was a king, and congress was dead beats. Now congress will get a chance to screw it up
Their average age is 24 years old they arent children
We need to start by sending his wife back. White dreamers go too

What will you do? time to stand up!
DACA work permit was cruel. Trump just ensured congress will pass immigration reform. The left failed to do it. Its great
What is MORE CRUEL is NO HEALTHCARE for Americans!  #Priorities
Thanks for standing up for what's right. We now have to convince the rest of the House and Senate that this what America stands for!
Isn't it the Legislature's responsibility to fix that?  Now do it...
cry me a river pal. why dont worry about our children who dont get nothing for free?
You are one angry woman! And learn something before you spew...DACA recipients PAY a yearly fee to be here! And pay into social security.
well then get this done legally and correctly so these kids never have to worry again that their country cares about them!!!
You mean these illegal programs makes it easier for voter fraud? You are a joke!
You need to stop. You are spewing Mickey Mouse words.  We have rules and rega for a reason.
white uprising *
Thenblame the parents
