Meanwhile, @POTUS's National Security Advisor was at risk of being blackmailed by the Russians.
Sally Yates tells the White House Flynn could be blackmailed by Putin. Two days later Flynn is on a call with @POTUS & Putin.
Sounds about right...
Listened to the whole hearing and you sir are misrepresenting the truth.
1/ Just saw U on NewDay. Y is evry1 giving DJT a free pass like he didn't know what was going on w/Flynn? DJT didn't fire Flynn because
2/ Flynn was DJTs link 2 Putin. That's Y DJT was upset, still gets visibly upset about Flynn. SYates messed up their plans w/Russia.
3/ Flynn has something, its Y DJT cont 2 keep what he says about Flynn positive. Its not about loyalty 2 Flynn. It's about what Flynn knows
@potus would not have acted st all if WAPO hadn't uncovered the story, and he knew Flynn was compromised.
nope not a chance
Riveting testimony. Keep pressure in WH to get to the truth. Thank you for your service.  Our TX Senators were a joke.
In his defense it might've just blown over 
It took WaPo writing an article and Pence getting caught in a lie. And even then, he didn't FIRE Flynn but allowed a resignation.
Why 18-day gap?... Fire Yates to silence her so they could keep Flynn. I would think that this is obvious!
Opposition Yates told WH Counsel Flynn MAY be compromised by Russia. 1st Time NO evidence but "notes" Stop your spin! No Collusion!
Sorry to break the #realnews to you but RUSSIA is the opposition, not your fellow countrymen
The Marxist Socialists taking over Dem Party are No Fellow Countrymen of Mine!
So proud of you Senator.
II days from the day she got information they requested ... Back to them, she said. Then they had to verify. Then, POTUS acted.
Didn't you hear? Apparently Sally Yates was a Clinton supporter, so they disregarded her warnings and the doc evidence presented to them.
Who cares.  Maybe Trump did his own investigation. Where is this same outrage with clinton being Sec State for a full term with her server
@TheCarlWeathers My Senator Whitehouse. Always on the ball.
Smart and courageous. #BeLove
Great job today! Thank you senator.... so proud you're representing RI!
Where's #SusanRice what's she got to hide?  Let us decide if what she's got to say is important
Trump felt Dems were sabatoging him, he had to be sure, outgoing admin corruption left many barriers, you know it, Obama knows it
Your bias Senator is shameful...
Why didn't Obama act when Flynn worked for him? Much longer too
Start impeachment proceedings

How can you Russia access to America

Trump ask Russia please find the missing
emails !
IMPEACHMENT FOR TREASON!
STOP WITH THE FIGHTING.  JUST DO YOUR JOB AND GET SOMETHING DONE.  11% Approval rating for congress. Sad.
Great work today, Senator.Unlike disgraces #MikeFlynn & @PressSec, you're making the hometown crowd proud. Bring the #FakePOTUS to justice !
House of Cards......
@mitchellreports And let's not forget @POTUS defended Flynn after firing him
strong take on @chrislhayes  Senator.
So respectful...NOT.
It took the leak to the press to force @POTUS to act!
#SallyYates did a great job at exposing the truth! Thanks for your interviews since hearing! #StopTrump & @VP #SaveAmerica
Maybe he was double checking the facts from the acting AG. Check her husband's political donations & then tell me she's Miss Unbiased.
Agree with your statement about shell companies..should be limited to companies holding patents that are in review phase only.
At least he acts, on the other hand Obama never acted, did u help him draw the line in sand against syria, all talk no action. Pathetic
Dear @SenWhitehouse ... thank you and @LindseyGrahamSC for conducting what was...for the most part...a respectful and bipartisan hearing.
Into everything, emails, payments, foundations, servers which today Clapper said was illegal, and hoped there were on others! We the PPL USA
I want answers not political games! We the people who pay you all to work should start working.  move on to both sides involvement!
Too bad Rice would not testify. What is she hiding?No answers for Sen Graham or Grassley ?
I whatched the entire process today! So many unexplained questions, no answers and still you chalk up a win. But still no answers!
And senator, there will be no answers.  Time to investigate all! Bipartisanship, equals answers, not one ups! Dems took $ for political gain
Termoil from you and your party, assume that they should of fired him on spot! When Yates told you they advised there might be concern!
And Hillary sent classified emails on a non Govt secure server, Obama/Holder FastnFurious....and #Democrats failed to act. Need I go on?
Find out why this was the case!
He's gone, isn't he?  When's the last time anyone on your side was even held accountable, much less fired?
Actually Obama also warned him on Nov 10
Did he commit a crime? How could there be blackmail after the WH was advised?
Thanks for your #tenacity and #graphics Unfortunate to see #GOP members trying to set stage for #SusanRice appearance
why was he only fired after the wapo article? I understand the question about leaks, but the info surpassed that!!
Someone on the Trump Team leak to the Washington Post?  There were certainly some on that team that were not fond of Flynn
Thanks for your great work today.
Maybe the WhiteHouse leaked to the Washington Post
Stop this witch hunt your comments are making you look like fools he came from the obama camp , can't wait to vote you out
This is crux of matter & it must be pursued. 18 days a suspected traitor was allowed to stay in WH & attend high level meetings. Next step?
Because Pence already knew
Complicit
It's not just a perfume...
Also didn't #SallyYates say she believed Flynn was questioned by FBI at WH? @realDonaldTrump not concerned & @PressSec never mentioned mtg?!
He was questioned on the 24th. She brought the news to WHC the 26th
Yes and again #SallyYates said Flynn was interviewed by the FBI she thought AT the White House. Both together - why was he not fired?!
And he only acted b/c he had no choice--Flynn was outed by WaPo, otherwise, he'd still be in admin.
More meritless and unfounded conspiracy theories.
Good job today Sen. Whitehouse. Thank you
@mitchellreports @POTUS INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW!!!
Jeez at one point I had to wonder if WH Counsel McGahn passed the info Yates brought on to POTUS. If he did they will prob say he didn't...
It took Trump 18 days & how long did it take Obama to pull Flynn's clearance? Oh that's right, he NEVER did. PS still no proof of collusion
Potus engaged witness intimidation. Get a Trump OUT of office
First hearing I watched where "most" of you where pushing to get the truth out to us Americans and not just doing the political thing. thks
IN 2012 Obama promoted Gen Flynn to DIA chief? Kept him on staff for 2 years. Why? Dems LIE
Yes the question is WHY???  We need an Independent investigation this is serious and going no where!  And The GOP will make of that!
Advise: Let your subjects, particularly eloquent ones, finish their comments.
Because these dumb asses coundnt figure out why it was an ISSUE.  OR NOT?
The most incompetent, ill informed, bumbling idiots to lead this country since the James Buchanan Admin led us into the Civil War.
@TheDemocrats have yet to act to fix Obamacare. People are dying because Obamacare plans are being discontinued across the US. No choices
The WH knew and there is no ? in my mind. Pence knew, Trump knew and the only reason is they got caught
Nice chart.
Correction: still took 18 days and ultimately leaks to press for @POTUS to act.
Thank you for your truth seeking and integrity!
How many times did he play golf in between?
So what?
Thank you, Senator, for doing your duty to the citizens and seeking truth.
And a WaPo piece.
Would R.I. appreciate a southern girl who makes jam & loves animals?  Just how bad are the winters there? (Arthritis )
Thank you Senator, from Westerly. I watched and was very impressed with both Gen. Clapper and Ms. Yates professionalism.
And only acted after Flynn's lies became public knowledge. And GOP only wants to know how those lies became public.
You & @alfranken were OUTSTANDING today! #YatesHearing
Your leadership in the hearing was outstanding, Senator Whitehouse.
@leggioluciano
Because they are all compromised
Great job today @SenWhitehouse . Keep the momentum going. Special prosecutor needs to be appointed, NOW.
I would love to know, if you talk to Yates and Clapper again, if they believe Trump lies to the American people daily, and if yes, why?
