.@realDonaldTrump what part of Nazi = evil do you not understand?
All of it. If Nazis, KKKers, white nationalists, other racists praise and like him, that's all Trump needs or wants to know, his litmus test
Don't leave out Trump's pure German blood and the "special genes" he says he has.
I tend to think if there's something going on with his genes, it's made manifest in a strange orangeyness & lack of functioning conscience.
I saw 2 sides fighting
There were two sides fighting in WW2 as well. Going to condemn both sides there too?
Weren't not talking abt WW2
Same two sides, same issues. Which side are you on? There is no Switzerland this time around.
I'm the side of President Trump!!
That's unfortunate, as he sides with the Nazis, and so do you. Give that some thought as I retweet this a few times.
No he doesn't. Move on!
Sorry, Fraulein, you can't have it both ways. Auf Wiedersehen.
https://soundcloud.com/wick-beavers/fuck-donald-trump-62717 …
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
Tor has reportedly picked up The Daily Stormer. They are funded in part by the National Science Foundation and the
The Senate must #censuretrump. He needs to know he has gone too far and the American people do not support him.
Yes, anyone blocking access to cannabis is EVIL. It was a Nazi Agent who tricked us into banning it in first place: https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B1mVOr6ht_yVMWJ0TFpqOEFaWEk …
https://twitter.com/RobProvince/status/897843766652006401 …
2) State Department. Any way to get Tor to reconsider?
Sheldon you belong to the  DemocRat party the party of racism & KKK & Jim Crow how hypocritical to lie & misrepresent what @POTUS said
Read NYT today.  The alt left were paid to fight.
Sen. Whitehouse, how's that update on Mueller's findings, Sincerely, the United States of Blue!
Stop being divisive Senator & work for the people and not just for yourself & your party. Remember we are all Americans. We must unite. TY.
There is one evil side here, @realDonaldTrump. It seems they made you Grand Vizier. Thank you for showing us your embrace of the dark side.
We need to get rid of you Liberal Nazi's!
It's your side @SenWhitehouse
We're destroying ourselves from within...so painful to watch
DemocRats can only win by dividing the country they are so deplorable & are the party of racism, KKK & Jom Crow #StolenHistory

How is this peaceful? 
If you do not believe ANTIFA is not evil you are more delusional than I thought. Stop embarassing us whith the idiotic rhetoric senator.
@POTUS is the accepted/recognized @Twitter ID.  Any other is self-serving & bogus. = @realDonaldTrump .   "...one evil" = hatred & bigotry
Yes, and it has an address: 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
Evil? Don't you mean alt-good?
This @Potus is a disgrace not just for the @GOP but for the entire #USA!
When will this end? Who has the guts to end this?
Did you really just deny that Antifa is evil? That they instigate violence? Much more Antifa rioting with injuries reported in the news..j/s
Trump as President isn't going well.
#Problem. Trump. Is. A. Nazi. I'm guessing Fred Trump, backed/supported/donated to the German-American Bund Movement. #RESISTANCE
No!!! The violent BLM and Antifa are extremely evil too.
We decent people know Trump for what he is, a liar, bully and a hate monger. I resist and persist.
When smSocialists and Nazis fight each other, you let them. Trump took neither side.  Dumbasses can't see that.
Now would be a good time for the Legislative Branch to take real action to remove that man. If THIS isn't the line, I weep for my country.
I think it will need to come to this.
Let's vote out all those politicians who don't push for universal healthcare for all Americans now.
Universal healthcare now. Let's stay focused America.
Well the other side is also made up of hate groups that commit violence. So if they both so the same thing they are both wrong.
Trump will defend the white racists when they are attacked by the alt-left
One evil side is correct: the Democrat party
How about we not get distracted and stay focused. Americans want universal healthcare now. Let's make it happen.
Trump made it very clear to me he backs Neo Nazis and white supermacists,the KKK and men like David Duke and Richard Spencer
It's obvious who follows Duke's wishes to destroy our country, remember Sheldon when the truth comes out
Yes he did! Clearly
Ehem!  This is just one of many examples. https://twitter.com/lucidhurricanex/status/897551245518532608 …
There is three blm kkk antifa
@SenateDems @realDonaldTrump D evil side here is the white supremacists but d biggest evil in d country is @realDonaldTrump
Accept responsibility Senator. The left has ACTIVE HATE GROUPS AS WELL. Antifa, BLM, etc
What the actual fuck? I'm bloody glad I'm Scottish
Me too!!

PLEASE IMPEACH NOWWWWWW..its only getting worse and going to get worse with every passing day
Trump has to go now. Congress and Senate need to stand up and be counted.
Please impeach Trump!
We need you to act on this, enough condemning
What do you expect from someone who came to power with no personal standards of his own?  He borrows beliefs from the people who elected him
the one that's been violently rioting, assaulting people, etc for months? i can pull up some youtube clips for you if you need some proof
You people don't listen very well..or at all. Will NEVER vote for a Demoncrat again.  YOU disrespect our voting & election results.
This is a scary moment in America. President Crazy has the nuclear codes. If the Mueller investigation comes to a conclusion what will he do
I literally could not be more proud to live in RI. Get 'em @SenWhitehouse
I especially liked his observation that there are "very fine people" on both sides. That's fair and balanced--if you're a neo-Nazi.
Wow, you sick, hateful liberals! I've repeatedly heard him condemn both sides, but you just cannot promote any peace whatsoever
If I'm against Nazis, anti-semites and white supremacists, I'm Alt-Left?? Help us!
Your bias is showing.
Yes, and the Traitor (see US Constitution Article III) Robt E Lee with George Washington. TERRIBLE!
Save us Senator!
He did worse than that he compared the alt-white/neo-Nazis/white supremacist/klansmen to people who are simply yearning for equality.
And trump is on it.
When are you all you going to grow some balls and impeach or 25th the traitor-in-chief?
You need to be much stronger in your rebuke Sen. I plead you condemn this man and what he stands for. I demand it of my elected officials.
So the black hate group that initiated violence by attacking demonstrators with pepper spray are the good guys? This guy is insane.
Antifa is evil too you know. Really they're both awful. The Nazis and Antifa are both shit.
People are calling for Trumps impeachment over this. What Trump is saying, as much as It's wrong, doesn't warrant impeachment.
Not evil
Get the GOP to stop defending this person!  He needs to be taken out of office now. Please!!
He is your president
Can we start impeachment proceedings NOW? Trump is going to destroy this already great country!
Why are you asking a question that you already know the answer to?
.@SenWhitehouse Remember how passionate & scared your constituents were at the Warwick Public Library on 1/21/17? Multiply that by 100 now.
Confederacy was a sovereign nation that declared war on the US.Simple
Well that really depends on your point of view now doesn't it?
Trump announced he is an alt-righter. His quote: "Okay, what about the alt-left that came charging at us." He said "US"-he included himself
Not only that, but he called the Nazis and white supremacists "us".
Will you introduced a Censure Resolution?
Work with the House to start impeachment proceedings now!
No, there are indeed two evil sides and both need to be acknowledged you puke.
I'd just like to THANK @realDonaldTrump for his honesty and for essentially admitting just how racist and un-American he really is.
Yes, and where the hell are the GOP being outraged?  We must get this man impeached.  Trump is a racist and he is very dangerous!
Remove him before it's too late.Enough is enough.Make your children and grandchildren proud that you you stood up and said NO MORE.Shameful.
@SenateDems @realDonaldTrump GET HIM OUT!!!! It is imperative that the Senate & House work together toward IMPEACHMENT!
So stupid he doesn't know the Civil War from the Revolutionary War.
Trump is a bully, mean and unAmerican-embarrassment- dangerous to our country.
YA RIGHT !
Yes your right.  One evil side and the democrats win hands down.
Impeach him today!
Sheldon, you are aware that you just sent that Tweet to the evil side's leader.
And it is the side he is on #TrumpsAmerica
What is going on?
Yes he did, and he equated Robert E. Lee with George Washington.
And he included himself with the Nazis https://twitter.com/jeffhauser/status/897572692366438401 …
Oh holy crap...I mean buckets. Of crap.

POTUS is referring to the torch-carrying crowd on Friday night who chanted “blood and soil” and “Jews will not replace us.”

Nice people? https://twitter.com/Walldo/status/897553995962740736 …
He referred to the Nazis and white supremacists as "us". He identified as being one of them. Get this sick creature out of the White House.
Please get rid of this racist, clown for a President! PLEASE!!!!!!!
Seemingly there is no end to the stupidity emanating from the White House.  He's got to be removed from office as soon as possible.
How about Berkeley, CA not allowing Milo to speak.  Are you against free speech
Yes so what is #congress going to do to remove this insane manbaby?
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=W4oI10Hj4AU … is this acceptable
Sen Whitehouse  are you really surprised? When are you going to impeach this Nazi
?
COMPLETELY UNACCEPTABLE Mr Trump!! @POTUS @WhiteHouse
Your views on the anarchist antifa @SenWhitehouse
Wrong. It's on both sides!!!
Trump probably believes there is blame to be placed on "both sides" of the Holocaust.
What a thing to say..his daughter & son in law & grandchildren are Jewish!
serious question: is endorsing nazism, racism, and white supremacy sufficient grounds for impeachment?
No violence from Antifa et alia?  What about the last six months, Senator?
There is no alt-left. There are just the white supremacists against We The People.
I believe he was referring to their right to a peaceful assembly that is all of our rights I don't like their views either
For God's sake....where is the damn line in the Sand..... I mean.....sigh....I can even...
He is out of his mind. Get him out before he kills all of us.
So Sheldon is fine with violence if it comes from Democrats. Trump denounced both. Why can't you?
he said they are both good people. He called neo-Nazis good people.
He's such an POS.   He can't hide his true self no matter how many prompters are there for him to read.
It is time for Congress to act. What are your Republican colleagues waiting for?
Do something about him.  Impeach him. He is ruining our country and we cannot take it anymore.
Impeach him for what? You can't impeach him simply because you dont like him. Do you really want Mike "Pray the Gay away" Pence in office?
Rhode Islanders want you to ask your fellow senators to stand together with you and remove Donald Trump from office
Here's the people he defends. Video doc by vice news. Very disturbing
#25amendmentnow
Thank you, Senator.
and Donald Trump is the leader of it. Get him out.
No he is not but he is your president
How much longer? Feel like the souls under the alter begging GOD for JUSTICE!
Except I dont want no white hood with the white robe we r thrown & told to wait a little while longer
