On top of that, this would cost anywhere from 5 to 7 TRILLION dollars and they have no credible plan to pay for it.
If they don’t pay for it, they’ll balloon the deficit and debt and then try to slash #Medicare and other important programs instead.
We need to try not to fuck it up this time.
True
Or a politician. How much are you worth Chuck?
As if anyone should be surprised, the GOP are greedy, always have been.
The Democrats have taxed the corporations with the highest tax rate in the world driving our jobs overseas.
So very typical of the billionaires and republicans running the country
So Chuck, whats your net worth that you have stolen from the ppl?
Mr Schumer when you or Pelosi become President (yea right) then maybe then you can ad mouth Mr Trup
Come on now. Cutting taxes for the rich helped everyone last time GOP tried it in 2000s. Lots & lots of jobs.

Wait, do I have that wrong?

Today's debate not about 70% v. 50% top rate. It's about 40% v. 28-35%. On that, Bush I (28/31); Clinton (40); Bush II (35); Obama (40).
I could counter with facts, but you don't want to truth. You want to be taxed more to give politicians to bribe with and spend inefficiently
This is what the Mercer/Koch money has been waiting for. No estate taxes, deep cuts and deeper deficits. How is this fair?
Why should anyone pay estate taxes?What deep cut it's less than 4% and top 1% already pays most of the taxes. Why do liberals attack success
If you aren't, you may be able to get a job @ a Co. who can now afford to hire-putting more $$ into the economy, creating yet more jobs!
Chuck don't worry about the 1% okay worry about the rest of the percents
#TaxReform You'll be able to use Pi on your tax returns.
Don't be an... 

Oops. Too late demoncRAT.
CORPORATIONS LEFT AMERICA BECAUSE OF TAXES. Go back to college, Chuckles.
Hopefully, he'll be in jail before this passes
Please work with the Republicans that do want to genuinely fix America to get a deal done that’s fair for everyone.
That's a lie. It cuts taxes for the middle class & lower middle class, not the upper 1%. #SchumerLies
It cuts taxes for everybody IF YOU ARE IN THAT TOP BRACKET
If not YOU DON'T
THEN CUT MEDICARE & MEDICAID TO HELP GOVT. OPERATE.
NO THANKS!
With a higher standard deduction. You forgot that part.

Bet you and your family are happy!
Middle class homeowners will get creamed with Trump's tax plan.
Can't deduct property tax from 1040.
You single out the rich in tax reform. EVERYONE gets tax cuts just as you want everyone to have medicare except with tax cuts growth occurs
@TomPerez Go Chuck!!!
You/Dems gave us OCare which took people's Dr's away, made insurance more unaffordable. I bought OCare and all I got was a useless card.
The tax reform will not go through. But  US citizens will continue to die in Puerto Rico. The #JonesAct must be lifted.
And what's magical about 20%. Why not start with something a little less dramatic. I don't see mJor corporations suffering right now.
Want my vote, then: 1) Improve Obamacare 2) Stronger gun laws 3) Get rid of Citizens United 4) College affordable 5)Tax the rich
LIAR. TRUMP SAID the top 1% is not getting a break (that includes you).  YOU want to SCREW THE MIDDLE CLASS - 51% of America!!!!!!!!!
Lowering corporate taxes is smart and good for all Americans who have pension plans invested in these companies.
proportionally 6) Get rid of oil & coal & use solar & wind 7) Remember that USA was built by immigrants 8) Hate crimes = domestic terrorism
Support hardworking American taxpayers pass tax reform NOW
Resign
@NancyPelosi Who the hell do u think invests IN America? Certainly NOT the millions of people the Democrats have put on welfare!
How about no #taxreform discussions until 45 shows his tax returns?
Tax Reform also gives Teachers, Nurses, factory workers a raise. Blocking #TaxReform is blocking money from their pocket.
Trump's tax plan will destroy middle class homeowners.
Can't deduct property taxes.
The new tax plan just makes those deductions obsolete. Middle class still brings home more money without paying HR Block to find deductions.
What happened to love and tolerance? Yikes lady, get a grip.

Do u have proof that the middle class gets screwed or did CNN tell you that?
Girl I read the fucking details. I will pay more as will millions of middle class americans. But you keep lying for that Mercer money
Homeowners will be destroyed.
It's a tax decrease for me and every other middle-class family
Being a big tent prty, for the top 1.2%, GOP Lite, I mean Est. Dems have a bold "better deal" for you.  For good things, against bad things.
Who cares if rich get tax cut..just go away!
Don't believe anything this crook says! He's trying to keep your money from you.....wanting to take away your right to make ur own decisions
Trump/GOP tax plan is but a 'smash & grab' burglary by the rich and US Corps. Break into US Treasury, grab it all, and Off Shore it to China
Cute. I AM NOT AMUSED. Dems are CORPORATE OWNED too! Hear our ANGER. Either be PROGRESSIVE or get out the way! Time is up!
Hey Chuck let's pass Reciprocal Conceal Carry Bill. So we can arm ourselves from all of the gangs and refugees you have let into NY State.
You sir area liar you know this is not true yet you wrote your talking points before even seeing it this is why Dems are losers
Giant Corporations own you . Who you  kidding
Do you support anything that will help middle class Americans? Didn’t think so !
No he doesn’t Bc he is a cranky old man with the look of a pervert!! He reminds me old that dirty ole man who hangs out at a playground
Very nice !
You are the biggest liar that has ever existed.
Time to put partisanship to bed and restore civility to the Senate. Your criticism of tax plan was so predictable.Time for peace Senator.
Liar liar
What a load of bs
Exactly. Tax cuts for the wealthy are BS. Glad you finally agree. Now, vote for someone who cares.
Not cutting taxes for the wealthiest at all. It's a cut for everyone, especially small businesses. The corp. rate is way out of range
You either can't read or you are very wealthy!
Whistling through the graveyard. Literally.
Liberals attack success me then wonder why there base is poor
HEY CHUCK STOP DRINKING TEQUILA. GET SOBER

It doesn't matter what plan they put out, you always say the same thing,
Sarah. Maybe they should try proposing something that helps people not $ class.
Maybe he and you should read the bills. They don't just help rich. And btw, if want to help poor get jobs, don't overtax business owners.
With corporate profits at record levels, how much are they hiring? Just ate with a group of tech ppl & cos are plus wild
Not sure what end of your tweet means. 
Profits go to stockholders like anyone with a 401k and invest in growth. Hire as they have need.
Corporations - lowering their taxes BRINGS COMPANIES BACK TO AMERICA. They also invest in capital & human resources, CHUCKLES.
Was anything other than enriching the 1 percent expected?This is Trump remember.
Did you even go to college? Have you heard of economics? Taxes STIFLE the economy. 99.9% of American cust service jobs are outsourced!!
#TaxReform If we have a huge National Debt, how are we able to afford to cut all these taxes? Who's getting screwed? What am I missing?
You see the GOP will CUT spending on crap entitlements and waste. Something the Dems need to buy votes
@SpeakerRyan @GOP are a bunch thieves they need to be voted out.
Giant corporations are our retirement plan investments Chuck! Get on board!
Not surprised
Sad but so true!
You have no problem using all the tax breaks! Shut up and sit down we r done with you.
Yeah. Lets go tax reform. You democrats added over 10 trillion dollars to our countries debt. And what about that????????????
The engine that fuels the ship you mean!!! Wonder when your book comes out for your! money grab? Your past president is doing well.
Preach, Senator!
You have done nothing for so long you're an overgrown child!
Pelosi
and it's "really wonderful" who actually thinks psychopath WH even understands one word of it
Exactly!
And then they run fur Senate the top 1 percent.
These career politicians need to retire. You can tell they're washed up and old and they're just getting rich off of the government's money
KEEP  CRYING CHUCKIE BOY
Your progressive liberal socialist party doesn't work for Americans!!! Further your comments are ludicrous and dishonest
It's criminal.
#wealthcare for millionaires
 Same old, same old.
They keep putting new lipstick on the same pig thinking they'll fool us.

We're on to the ghoulish fools.
#GOPGhouls
This is total propaganda @SenSchumer . This isn't true at all. But exploit your constituents as usual...
Senator, it's time for Trump to be held responsible for the suffering & deaths of Puerto Ricans. I'm done with this government altogether.
What a stupid thing to say.l think you caused them!!!!
Wow u need to give the aide that came up w that stick figure a raise! Love u Chuck!
You fit right in shummie,, how about the illegal monies u and batshit dems have stolen from taxpayers
We the people just need you (the swamp) to stop spending the people's money, drain the swamp.
Not true  Senator, why don't you get on boardTRUMP'EM TRUMP  @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS
Bullshit.  All you do is play tired play book comments.
Dems under Obama=NO balanced budget!
Nothing will change when taxes based on income!...But consumtion tax bites your wallet and donors too hard. Mid class will never get break
Trump is a piece of spoiled ass shit always has been and always will be. Republicans created a gd monster
So sad how our country has been ruined by all of the corruption and that is you and friends! Your tears are fake chuck!
That should make you very happy! Right Chuck?

So...today would be a really, really really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, good day for @realDonaldTrump to release his tax returns.
@SenSchumer INCREASE #TAX on high wage earners & passive income, keep #estatetax, Raise Corp tax! Country needs money #taxes create jobs
Why don't you and the Democratic Leadership offer a plan that would shift the burden away from the middle class and consumers?
This is so disingenuous - if taxes are lowered on corporations it makes them more competitive. Who do you think pays the higher prices because of higher corp taxes? We're not stupid, Chuck.
IF YOU ARE PUERTO RICO YOU SEEM TO BE IN THE 1% OF PEOPLE THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT CARE ABOUT!!
Shut up
I want to know how Ivanka, Jared, Donny Jr., Eric, Melania and Donald  benefits from the current GOP tax plan. Release ALL of your taxes!
Give it a rest! If it made millionaires out of poppers you would be against it!
At your obstructionist lies again are you @SenSchumer ? Vote him out.
Lies Mr Schumer.
Wasn't that the plan from day one? That's what comes with a lying, dishonest president.
When you come out of your lil box, we the people want tax reform! You've wasted OUR money for years! Take Corker's lead, fade away!

Only an economically ignorant liberal (redundant) believes that a tax cut has to be 'paid for'. How about spending less, Chuckie?
So if your a regular American your standard deduction will double, child tax credits raised and your tax bracket lowered. You are a fool
That's a mystery like Trump's taxes  #NotOnePenny  NO#TaxReform We want #TrumpReform #ShowYourTaxes
The Koch and Mercer #TaxReform plan.
Better than the Soros tax plan
Oh look, Trumps, Dems and GOP dancing with Soros.  But by all means keep telling yourself that Trump cares for you.
This sounds like a great plan why are you obstructing...I know all my focus is going to be on the Senate now because you've got work to do!
Seriously, WTH is

¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 

Shouldn't you be able to present your plan for the rest of us?!?

At least you are getting clever with the keyboard.  The idea is to lower corporate tax rates and stimulate business.  obstructionist
LIAR
You are a lying scumbag who had the priorities of your constituents way low on your priority list. Everyone knows it
#WeThePeople CAN'T accept a #TaxReform bill from Trump until we see........
Quit listening to msm BS.  Financial disclosures offer far more info http://money.cnn.com/2017/06/16/news/trump-financial-disclosure-form/index.html ….   Seems he reported earlier than required
High taxes & health insurance prevent business growth & new hires. Low taxes + AFFORDABLE Health Care = JOBS. Jobs = More revenues for USA.
Why are you willing to sell out the middle class to try to make President Trump look bad ????
If you arent, maybe you will get a job from those who already pay 70% of all federal taxes Please stop being such a Marxist
Completely opposite from what the experts are saying. Nothing new though u democrats aren't interested in helping or the people, only votes.
Well I worry if my daughter will have lunch money , I worry so much for what the Top 1% are going through, Not!
It's hilarious that you're talking about increasing the debt!
Meanwhile, when in the last 10 years has anyone mentioned the cost of living skyrocketing? Groceries? Commodities?
Don't forget how Donald Trump will be hurt by not having an estate tax. Trump will cry all the way to the Russian Bank.
yes I am. It means more money to invest back into my company.
Liar
What's wrong with that 
Jobs jobs jobs jobs
Lol.. spin this all you want Schumer, go ahead and don't give the middle class the tax cut. Come 2018, the democrats will see the response.
We have a concern with Sen. Murray wanting to jmp in negotiate our ACA and especially it's exceptional infrastructure away to the GOP.
Corporations do not leave the country because of cheep labor. They leave because of the insanely high tax rate.
Companies create jobs stupid !!!
Have you ever seen a poor person give anybody a job stupid ?
Let them live in their castles without help. Strike against SERFDOM. The wealthiest are gluttonous at this point. Come to Aspen and see.
@SenSchumer I only make 18k  a year this is good for me. Looks like they are #draintheswamp of you #rich #Democrats
Facts seems to be much different than sch says most of the time.
I think schummer thinks like Nancy you got to pass it to know what's in it.if he read the bill families get a good tax break
BOT! We're not falling for this shit anymore!
That is the nature of the beast. Those who pay the most stand to benefit the most. However I urge D to support tax cuts and reform.
Negotiate balanced cuts for the benefit of all families, instead of if wealthy pay less. It's just as divisive as Trump PoliTricks.
Hey Chuck, are the 45% that don't pay taxes going to hire people?Because if you think the top 1% should have to pay more there won't be jobs
Wrong Chucky
It is a f
Can't be any worse than Obamacare, 20 Trillion in debt and 12 million illegals! Chuck why do you hate Americans so much?
Wrong chuckle ole boy you'll be paying more while I'll be paying less
 you believe that.  How cute
You make me laugh...biggest hypocrite in front of Pelosi
School districts and other middle class employment retirement plans invest based on big corporations success?All workers win! Get on board!
Massive tax cuts will not amount to a Hill of beans when we are all At-will employees for all the service industries.
Plan that eliminates Head of Household & dependant deductions + raises the lowest marginal rate is an increase for single parents.
If U believed the #LiberalLies U spew U'd let it happen & fail so dems would win in '18 & '20! U fear @realDonaldTrump success! #MAGA
oh stop
The standard deduction increase is GREAT for low-income tax payers - but that doesn't fit your narrative so "SHRUG". This should pass.
Wrong! You are MY Senator and I demand you work for ME. LOWER MY TAXES. I don't care about the 1%, I care about MY PAYCHECK
Wonderful , keep fighting for us @SenSchumer
Are you going to ever agree or get behind anything?
Chuck go hide under a rock for the next 8 years.
Anyone who believes this loser is a loser! @POTUS agenda already got us to 3.1 economy! Ur young, use ur "Navy Veteran" GI Bill 2 get educat
Will this assault on the middle class EVER stop?
If tax cuts for the rich were good for the economy how come we ended up with the worst recession after the Bush tax cuts?
Of course us little people get nothing cept to pick up the slack for the big ppl n corps smh
More of Chuckles LIES!
You're propaganda is just that putting it polightly

Moron. What's your plan!!! Oh. Never a plan!!!
This tweet is yet another lie. Stop lying and pass tax reform. Stop falsely blaming the wealthy and corporations
Talk about loopholes, I bet Chuckles buys $500 per pair underwear and writes it off!
Excellent! That means more jobs and  more paychecks for legal Americans.
Every damn day, Senator! This can not stamd. Did the *entire* @GOP conspire w/Russia? DT is wholly unfit&his Cabinet's destroying everything
When did u care about deficit? When obama got out and quit spending YOUR SO FULL OF CRAP you leave a brown trail when u walk. READ
@SenateMajLdr, @SenJohnMcCain &@SenSchumer are claiming to want tax cuts for middle class while supporting the tax increase Obamacare!

Please don't call it Tax REFORM! At best it is tax cuts with a few eliminations of Deductions. #GOP s/b shamed for once again moving fast!
Your trickle down identity politics has killed our economy & unity for far too long. Americans are taking back their country with tax reform
I want to protest these corrupt dems but if you show your Republican you have to deal with Antifa!
Work through it.  Some of it's good
