.@LindseyGrahamSC @corybooker @SenBlumenthal & I will fight for a judicial check to be put on @realDonaldTrump's ability to fire Mueller.
You need to check more than that. He is breaking all rules, setting precedence & getting by with it.
SO GLAD YOU REALIZE TRUMP BULLYING STRATEGY!!!
How about focusing on failed #Obamacare
Wow how mamy years ago I shook your hand at my voting place in East Providence? Wow time flies..you went out there to so many districts. TY
As long as he doesn't take the Putin Shirtless Challenge
My eyes!!!!
Doctor my eyes have seen Trump disrobed,
And I think that they'll explode...

Apologies to Jackson Browne
Look for the embargo to lift, and Putin to sell his Titanium and Aerospace-grade crystal through North Korea

They are NOT separate entities
IKR, we've seen this show enough
Most children out grow name calling by the time they reach middle school. @realDonaldTrump is 70 and he is still does it.  Zero leadership
Someone should head up an anti-bullying program? @FLOTUS .....
And like all bullies he'll need a good punch in the face to bring him to reality
Oh Donald, this can't be true.  You would never shame @FLOTUS pageant platform and cyber-bully, would you?  Be still my heart. #TrumpFraud

Heat is on from #climate
By now it's so predictable...Trump tweet tantrum=new leak or discovery of more crime. Wait for it...
We are counting on you!!! Thsnk you! You got are love and support back home.

See I'll read "White House wants a check on Trump ability to fire Mueller" and I'm like "Say what?"
Senator Whitehouse, I hope you're right. #25thAmendmentNow #Resist #FBR
Senator, you aren't afraid to push back, knowing appeasement never works. #SheldonWhitehouse2020
Feeling the heat?
Unfortunately it does work sir. Did you watch the news today? All they talked about was his tweets.
He better start wearing asbestos underwear because his ass is about to be burnt.
Not presidential. 
He's not a kind, caring man. 
Mortifying for our country.
Take corruption out of politics wherever it may lurk!
It's funny that when a liberal pushes back they are brave, when a Republican pushes back he is a bully. grow a pair snowflake. #MAGA
He's unwounding himself.
He is destroying us. He is so racist, hateful and deceitful. Trump is a dangerous dictator and an outrageous liar.
Traitor Leaker to Russia. And that phone call with Mexican President.  BEGGING AND BEGGING would look like a dope. BEGGING FOR LIES.  A FOOL
Nooo, its called fighting back. The bogus claims of the Leftists are unending & unsubstantiated. Yet, you ignore blatant crimes by Hillary.
got a lot on your plates...don't let CLIMATE go by the wayside.
Trump isn't stopping the investigation but the media continues to bully him, though. Dems continue to lose their races! How come?
That sounds more like the globalists in Congress...your problem is you can't predict Trump and it drives you crazy.
Exactly.
God, I wish he'd just shut up. The bragging, the whining. Such a maladjusted human being,
Narcissists greatest fear is being exposed & anyone making this happen becomes the enemy & must suffer for exposing him.
It is driving djt crazy and paranoid that mr.mueller isn't leaking information or showing his hand.
Delusional
He must have gotten some really bad news overnight, because he was more crazy than usual today on twitter. Always the tell.
Your delicious!
Delusional
He behaves more like a small child. How did we get to have in the WH house?  Oh minions put him there and they will reap what they sow
How is Elizabeth Carlisle doing Senator? How about that IRS idea too? Got any insider trading information for us little people Senator?
How about lower taxes health care and jobs?
How about those 500K speaking engagements in RUSSIA by WJC? Unmasking? NSA? Benghazi? Obamacare? Do you have Obamacare? Why not?
Neither will launching your own propaganda TV station. Every insult, every threat, every tweet motivates investigators, so please carry on.
You've been doing really well
How is that fake dossier Senator? How about that uranium deal too? 33k emails. Tarmac meeting. What about that “matter” Senator? IRS? DWS?
Thank you for representing RI
If you think Trump is bullying than you need to leave the playground with your tail between your legs
2018 (D) all OUT. This frigging Game 2 you all are trying to remove My President is very DANGEROUS! It's Bad for USA Stop 4 America's sake
Dee - couldn't have said it any better.
If Trump did not know Kislyak before recently...why did Trump Winery sponsor and organize an event honoring Kislyak?
Has anyone attempted to explain that to Donald in Russian?
Sheep shouldn't be leading, we want the wolf we elected.  "Bullying" shouldn't come out of the mouth of elected leaders.  Pathetic
Sheldon  - have yourself a cup of hot cocoa - pet a pony and elaborate on the Clinton Russia involvements
Russia nonsense is a fishing expedition for losers of last election, nothing more.
Another #brainwashedTrumpster Smh
Please tell your neighbor @SenBlumenthal we stand with him against Trump Twitter Tantrum #CyberBullying
you should know. Bullying to shift focus doesn't work. You are still being investigated. You bully.
Thought his wife was going to stop this?
She misses her boyfriend in NYC
Just concerned that the public bullying is hiding and deflecting the machinations of a deranged and evil Republican Party.
I'm concerned that he will then start a war or encourage an outside attack. He's shown that he's not adverse to a scorched earth policy
He's not bullying. He's just telling it like it is !! Sorry ! Don't get your panties in a bunch Senator. 
Tell us more about his services during Vietnam! 
Blumenthal ? Nothing, he was a disgusting liar. Sorry for your Team. Bunch of losers
#DNCFraudLawsuit so much happening everywhere these days. Have a nice August
Its Climate change, Time for a Real President not the Phony who doubled our National Debt!
Every #Trump tweet is a desperate try to distract from the #TrumpRussianConspiracy
Yawwwnn...the what ?
He's working with a reptilian brain.
...and misdirection.
