Bret's right. I'm sure udon't think science claims "total certainty", even IPCC on #climatechange is "consensus" - avg of different views.
Science speaks in language of probability. Of course. But, doesn't logically follow to then say we should reject policy based on probability
Science is provable FACT. Not theory. Not speculation. Not computer model. Where is AlGore? Kinda inconvenient that he is MIA. LoL
no. science is disprovable hypothesis, tentative but actionable conclusions based on hypothesis, and constant attempts to disprove & refine.
Science is provable FACT. Try Webster's again.
I think you - or Webster's - may be confusing observations with predictions. But even observations are given with error bars in science.
Nice try. U obviously haven't worked in science like myself. I didnt report predictions on my pts physical assessment. I reported FACTS
if you were allowed to make diagnoses, these were not facts but hypotheses. Observations r facts to the limit of their accuracy,
The old "take a statement of certainty about a macro issue and then use micro errors in that broad topic to attack that certainty" trick
Almost as effective as  the "treat 'climate change' as if it's 'earth is a sphere'-level certainty & hope nobody calls me on it" trick
I don't fault @NateSilver538 for election forecast; he's just an aggregator & closer than most forecasters. I fault poll methodology/bias
Progressives (all socialists) desire govt control of means of production; "climate change" is perfect vehicle. It's coming--thru regulations
? He's absolutely right. Enough models have been wrong to know that the affects of climate change (which is real) are impossible to predict.
But we're not having a public debate about EXACTLY what the effects will be - we're debating if it's a Chinese conspiracy
But that's why this article is important. If we become %100 sure about the science (scientifically impossible) then even one "fact"...
turned false may inspire people to reject the concept of global warming altogether (this is what is happening on the right)
But no one is '100% sure' about the exact outcomes of global warming...or anything else. So he's arguing against...something no one is doing
If one "fact" about climate change is proven to be wrong, to ppl who want to deny it, they have the opportunity to cast doubt on everything.
If we want to change the minds of people who want to deny climate change, then we can't claim to be %100 sure, because that does backfire.
No one is 100% sure how high the water will rise in Miami in 10 years. But we're all convinced of human induced climate change

Put the data to work on climate, @NateSilver538. We need you.
With all due respect to Mr.Silver, the IPCC Working Group I is better equipped & already on that: http://www.ipcc.ch/report/ar5/wg1/mindex.shtml …
He's in a better position to disseminate.
My apologies- I agree.  He's got the platform.  I just want to make sure that specialized scientific data aren't considered inadequate.
No surprise that NYT is following the CNN model of trying to create interest in false 'controversy' by bringing in an AGW misinformer.
simply do not understand why you cannot allow differing views- do you really think people cannot make intelligent judgements
Why would you think people can make intelligent judgements on scientific issues that they have no background in?
Care to read an very well written and thorough analysis and critique on climate change modeling and its shortfalls? It's very enlightening.
Wait is Nate Silver saying we should blindly follow so called scientific theories blindly like a cult? Or is he being sarcastic?
@nytimes think they can "break the code" by becoming a version of Fox. It's not about "balance" but about FACTS. Not 'fairness", but TRUTH.
What the hell, @nytopinion? Why are you allowing a science denier to spew non-sense.
Also coincidentally the longtime WSJ slogan
Can you point me to what in that para or column is factually untrue?
here you go:
Not you too... What part of the article exactly do you dispute?
He expands on it here
I wrote a book chapter on uncertainty in climate models. That Stephens/NYT column is sophistry passing itself off as reasoned skepticism. https://twitter.com/NateSilver538/status/858049328216240128 …
What makes it "sophistry"? Really, what part of the article is false?
Sophistry does not necessarily imply untruths, but that the arguments are specious. If 1 examines theUnlogic, his OpEd has no substance.
My interpretation: people have a right to be skeptical of future climate projections because there is a lot of uncertainty
Sure, climate change may not be as bad as feared. But projections cut both way; it could actually be WORSE. That view isn't in the column
Yes that's true. Though that's not the criticism I'm hearing -- does not make his argument specious.
ThereAre excellnt/thoughtful articles noting that potential harms of over-reactive policies to climatechange. ThisArticle, however, is inane
1. More greenhouse gases cause the earth to warm up. -- True
2. A warmer earth will change the climate. -- True
3. It's happening. -- True
4. The consequences of the change in climate could be catastrophic. - True
"could be" - not "will be" - that's the uncertainty
Actually *will be* unless you think going back to Jurassic temps, sea levels & atmosphere is a good idea. Only uncertainty is when/how fast.
'Uncertainty is justification for action, not complacency.'

https://www.vox.com/2017/5/1/15482698/new-york-times-bret-stephens …
https://www.ft.com/content/e144719e-0dcb-11e5-aa7b-00144feabdc0 …
And this 2012 piece citing @voooos @drvox @hallegatte @levi_m: https://dotearth.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/11/29/the-enduring-uncertainty-beyond-the-climate-basics/ … 
Also, regarding numbers and climate change, you should know very well how statistics can lie when used improperly.
For some assholes calling the shots at the @nytimes and shaming people on Twitter, "diversity of opinion" is more important than truth.
"...pushed ever harder to pass climate legislation." If this is true (I wish he substantiated the quote more), then this is important! (8/)
If you want to argue against the piece, don't make an empty, sarcastic remark. Argue why this caution is unimportant or damaging. (10/10)
Opinions are not truth.
First, you obviously didn't read the piece; Second, it's called on Op-Ed for a reason.  Third, you can't handle the truth.
Me too bot
your Tweet was quoted by @voxdotcom
What about this? Really @nytimes ? Really?
Their Op-Ed page reflects who they really are, we got the message. They can go back to being the failing NY Times.
@mimiclarice Can't believe I fell for it again. I know better! If I read it on @ReutersWorld, I'll probably believe it.
Challenging to know what to believe anymore.
That's why I use my real name and speak my truth even if everybody hates it. You know w/ me! 
#ShowYourCancellation  I am a scientist and this is a horrible hire for @nytimes
These cabinet members are destroying our H20/FOOD/AIR/Education/ALLIES. He's going to get us killed IF we don't VOTE his party OUT OF OFFICE
@deray Thinking of subscribing so I can read @BretStephensNYT op-eds on gravity, heliocentrism, & Earth's sphericity
Come on, it's not just the Op-Ed Page !!(epic Whitewater pull-out section, breathless WMD drumbeat, HRC email server. etc.)
The claims of certainty and consensus are flawed, if not fraudulent. http://www.joseduarte.com/blog/cooking-stove-use-housing-associations-white-males-and-the-97 …
http://www.joseduarte.com/blog/the-art-of-evasion …
http://www.joseduarte.com/blog/comment-on-verheggen-et-al-climate-consensus-research …
But shouldn't he get extra credit for using "traduces" properly in a sentence?
Word usage > Future for our children 
@GovHowardDean How dare an apostate question any aspect of the religion of Global Warming? Apostates need re-education camp!
Wonder if Bret Stephens interviewed the polar bears?
"Traduces the spirit of science" is the new "so much for liberal tolerance."
Carlos Slim making nyt great again.Not so much
@nytopinion   who paid you to hire this garbage? truth or $$$$$$$$$$$
NYT should be ashamed! Bret Stephens is a piece of garbage!
@AngryBlackLady Op-eds are opinions, immunized from the burden of truth. Granted, that distinction is lost on cable news.
Uncertainty: Unfamiliar mountain road at night. Continue at regular speed or slow down? Maybe emissions slow down correct in this case.
Considering quitting my subscription to #NYTimes - unacceptable
Opinion columns are just that...opinions. Everyone needs to simmer down. If it's a clearly labeled opinion piece, chill
I get that opinions about facts aren't opinions but falsehoods...but...
Boo on you @nytimes! This isn't a call for censorship but rather a call for cessation of pandering to an alternate-facts ethos that exists.
B/c Nate Silver always tells the truth. Uh huh.
well if the advertisement were to be fully forthcoming, then they would've had to write the second article ... because it's true.
Except not, because the threat it real with 100% certainty. Its exact extent has variance.
It's intellectual drivel whose main point is "don't be so certain." Trivial stuff. What editor thought this was worth publishing?
@nytimes This. Lost subscriptions by your core - discretionary spending New Yorkers and left coast libs.
Truth, facts, reality, basic human decency, etc......
I'd need to still have a subscription to @nytimes
Apparently, we now have alternative truth.
You can't handle the truth and wouldn't know it if it hit you in the face.
The importance of the truth has never been over emphasized. People need to accept the truth regardless of whether they're offended by it
This is why we unsubscribed.
In fairness, the @WSJ has operated the same way for decades.
hilarious that a statistician would have the audacity to presume knowledge in a subject he has zero expertise in
Does Stephens understand the concept of "the overwhelming preponderance of the evidence"? If no, why's he writing about science for the NYT?
Yep, they have buried the Truth in Darkness... the wait to cancel is long
Bye bye scientific skepticism
People are upset because  @BretStephensNYT used a word they did not know
YES BUT LETS MAKE THE TRUE.....THIS IS NOT THE TRUE
Claiming total certainty about math traduces the spirit of math and creates openings for doubt whenever someone bounces a check
He wants to talk about it . . . and talk . . . and talk . . . and never act
Very disappointed with NYT on this, op-ed should not be a mask for propaganda
omg THANK YOU FOR THIS.
Wonder what favor they need from Trump ..
Hahahahahahahahahahaha!  The truth?  You and your readers "Can't Handle the truth"!
so #typical
The Truth Is More Important Now Than Ever, Except If You're Reading Our Op-Ed Page 
Never been happier to have canceled my @nytimes subscription. @BretStephensNYT
Obama was biggest failure ever according to libs if climate change is truly ending the world. Bc he had 8 years and did nothing!!
Climate does not exist. Just a name for statistical human interpretation of weather data from << 1% of Earth's surface and history. #doubt
I'd like to note that the good stuff from the ancients was built with huge monolithic stonework.
Truth is OK but obfuscation is so much better ?
I can't predict exactly how many points Stephen curry will score, so let's not claim with certainty he's a great player
#uncertainty is a hard concept. It applies but not in this way. #ClimateChangeIsReal how much? How fast? Where?
Without room for doubt, no scientific revolutions. Science builds consensus truth, not absolute. Thats the beauty of it.
Disappointing attitude, Nate. Expected better from you.
Science by definition is all about making assumptions and proving them right or wrong & learning from mistakes. It improves with scrutiny
Confirmation Bias, Cognitive Dissonance, and Motivated Reasoning. Calling bullshit is a performative utterance. Where is the resettlement?
He also said "None of this is to deny climate change or the possible severity of its consequences." The same applies to all sciences, 1/2
Clearly, Election 2016 didn't teach you the value of humility, Nate.
At least they label it as Opinion
All the news that's fit to print - plus truckloads of bs
That there is considerable uncertainty in climate prediction is not untruth so what is your point?
@nytimes are you kidding?? NY Times just went all "Fair And Balanced" on us. Who thought this hire was a good idea??
Glad you have the credentials to discern what is truth in climate reporting and what is partisan nonsense. Enlighten us further.
Why choose that quote? It's the most sympathetic of quotes. It IS the insistence on total certainty that empowers the criticism.
Pretty sure that's the Times choice of quote, not Nate's.
Times'
NYT branding the word Truth has as much depth as GQ and Keith Olbermann branding the word Resistance.
It's a true statement to say the threat from climate change is not clear.
But, he's completely right. It's imperative to keep asking questions. There is no such thing as complete certainty in the real world.
Op-ed is an opinion page.
They're obscene
Thank you, Nate
You
Can't
Handle
The
 #TRUTH

 @wattsupwiththat
The is always room for 'proportionate' doubt. Maybe we are wrong about smoking/cancer, maybe every penicillin cure was a coincidence.
Doubt climate data, about as much as you'd doubt smoking/cancer data.
Don't Scientology, Big Tobacco, NAMBLA, Taliban, and NeoNazis need you to protect their free speech by hiring a proper writer for them,too?
You are 100% right!
"Traduces".....wtf. You should boycott that shit.
These climate deniers have hired the SAME PEOPLE the tobacco industry hired to sow doubt about the health effects of tobacco.  Get real.
He used the word "traduces" so he must be an intellectual.
This hire is just one more reason to cancel NYT and go WaPo.
The Op Editor should be faulted because the article is ADHDish. Is the point to ? the certainty climate science OR the way we discuss it? 1/
If CERTAINTY,note nothing 100%, effects r highly likely.If DISCUSSION, then CS marketing is wrong & that should b focus2honey not vinegar
Isn't Traduces one of the Palin kids?
I'm surprised about the amount of trolls responding to this tweet. Climate skepticism is part of white nationalist ideology, not science.
Im still waiting for Climate Cooling to happen. That was truth, right?
Everyone always tells the truth. Which version do you want?
LOVE IT
Nate... thank you
Sigh. I might have to drop my subscription to @nytimes now they're publishing @BretStephensNYT drivel
Already dropped mine. They helped elect DJT. They also were on forefront of neo-Nazi puff pieces.
Certainty freaks people out
NYT
it's all about eyeballs
Hope they feel the impact with a bunch of cancelled subscriptions.
So "The Truth Is More Important Now Than Ever" should mean NYT only publishes true OpEds? And that's b/c NYT readers can't judge arguments?
You yourself expressed climate skepticism in your book.
That logic makes no sense. "If you say its certain you'll just be ignored if you're wrong. So pretend you're wrong in advance"
And you are the one from which all truth flows? You really are arrogant aren't you? Should we just call you Oracle Silver from now on?
#FakeNews! #BigSadly!
After decades of paid professional climate deniers claiming to be skeptics while spreading FUD. The reality based community is skeptical
Traducially! 
I'm all for anything that causes people to cancel the NYT. I support your right to hold your own to a purity test.  New Slogan - NO DEBATE!
Climate change isn't a debate. It just isn't.
The nation and their profession are in an existential struggle with alternative facts, so they hire the anti-science guy? 

Genius!
Maybe Bret's next Op-Ed can be about "How to Build a Strawman" or "Using Strawmen 2 Fool Gullible Readers"
Though predicting the exact manifestations of climate change is hard, predicting earthquakes is much much harder.
Canceling my sub.
Finally seeing the light about Krugman?
where ever the fu**'it comes from, it's clear  the crap we put in the air is bad for  atmosphere. you know, it protects us from sun's rays!
I cancelled my subscription.  I couldn't take it any more
Honestly it makes me want to cry. If the @NYTimes can't be counted on to hold the line for science what chance do we have?
You use the word 'science'...I'm not sure it means what you think it means.
The Free Press is a lie.
Smh
you should know better Nate. Models suck at predicting reality to a certainty. Science is the search for certainty. H8r.

New slogan: Provacative truthiness
Seems like a personal issue. Please don't go all Trump on us.
Respectfully, seems unfair. @BretStephensNYT's piece discussed absolutes and exaggerated claims. It didn't challenge the underlying science.
Creating strawman arguments to tear down is dishonest and misrepresents science.
Should be a boycott of @nytimes until this climate change denier is fired.
Really? So you're saying there is "total certainty" about climate change? That's your version of "truth"?
easily your worst tweet yet, and that's saying a lot. That nyt tweet was made by someone who understands science.
Nate, I'm a big fan, but this is a bit rich coming from someone who hired Pielke
Yer both nuts. Pielke is one of the clearest thinkers on climate change today. He's a believer w/ideas to help. Silver fired him. 
Gotta love somebody who views doubt as an opportunity.  That pretty much shows what business he's in.
Not trying to be contrarian but I'm missing what in the article is inaccurate?
Bret Stephens has to go.
Even @nytimes is obsessed with getting that white working class vote...
The diff between last time there was miles thick ice covering most of Nth America and now, is global avg temp change of only ~5 deg C.
Yo, @nytopinion : representing the (factually challenged) long tail of politicized views doesn't help us understand reality better.
S A V A G E
If I dump every news source when they do something questionable I will have no source left. Read everything with skepticism.
I suspect we need to focus on the certainty of the resultant problems rather than the arguing detail of path & timing.
Pot calls kettle a bad name.
how could you just irresponsibly say anything when you know that we're going to spin it for evil? This is on YOU. ;)
I love how you call him a "lib" for demanding intellectual consistency.  And how you hide denialism behind a double negative.

BURN @nytimes , do you need some ointment?
@sneakybison This
He writes of a "widening gap between what scientists had been learning about global warming and what advocates were claiming as they.." (7/)
hey didn't you completely miss the state by state results of the 2016 election?
The point of the column was that integrity in science may not translate to integrity in how it is reported and/or used. (6/)
Epistemic integrity with regard to how the science is presented and translates to legislation is crucial for the legislative process. (5/)
The point is _NOT_ that climate science is pseudoscience! Climate change is the most important issue of our time. However... (4/)
This tweet is the opposite of data-based reporting.  Like, the sort of thing data-based reporting should help to prevent.
For example, the Soviet promotion of Lamarckism and application to farming led to famine and millions of deaths. (3/)
Lamarckism failed to be science, which is why it failed.  It wasn't evidence-based.  Rather, it was dogmatic.
It was perhaps worst in the Soviet Union, where science that was seen as promoting Communist ideals was promoted. (2/)
What did you think of his use of probabilities? Might be worth a column to go over what the actual p-values of climate science are...
The guy says that the panic may not be warranted. He doesn't dispute climate change. Questioning predictions is not questioning truth.
He's peddling it more softly this time, but he does 100% dispute climate change (someone linked to his more fiery articles about it above.)
He's a hardcore absolutely-no-such-thing denialist; he's called it a hoax in the past.
Never thought I'd see you arguing for *total* certainty on anything, let alone on something so based on stochastic modelling.
WHEN IS THE "TRUTH" SIGNAGE BEING DISAPPEARED? LIKE ALL PUTIN'S DISSENTERS GET DISAPPEARED? NAUSEOUS LOOKING AT IT. PLEASE PAINT OVER ASAP.

Why I cancelled my @nytimes subscription. @BretStephensNYT 
Approved Shade 
Seriously screw the nytimes what happened to integrity? Truth my ass they're hypocrites
I cancelled NYTimes over this. Sick of extremely cautious coverage of Trump too.
It is unseemly for a newspaper to make Truth, rather than Facts, its signature preoccupation. Truth is, in fact, for the op ed page.
Thank you for continuing to call out the bullshit being pushed by @nytimes 

If only more people did in 2002/2003 when they pushed Iraq war.
thats the nature of Op/Ed Nate...
I am guessing you didn't even read anything more than that excerpt. There was nothing he said in that piece which was inaccurate.
Yeah because what's absolutely necessary right now is skepticism about climate science. #liberalmedia #frogsinboilingwater
Telling it like it is. I like this Nate Silver.
I love when journalists disparage the other institution dedicated to finding the truth
...Or any op-ed ever written about Israeli apartheid or US warmongering...
I remember when @NateSilver538 was employed by the @nytimes
The Truth Is More Important Now Than Ever, Except If You're Reading Our Op-Ed Page 
Bro, I think your preoccupation with @nytimes is becoming unhlealthy.
Nate should stick to what he does best--crunching poll numbers--and leave the silly media analysis/hot takes to the talking heads
I normally like his takes, but his obsession with the times and their politics desk is getting out of hand. Kid needs some therapy, IMO.
Agree. He's normally thoughtful. But once you're used to always offering takes, you wind up w rlly odd obsessions. See all of cable tv
HOT FIRE
