Secretary of the Interior Zinke should be removed from office NOW for threatening to abuse his agency's statutory mandate to hurt Alaska.
Why is he the only one saying it?
He's done gone
how about an arrest?
Yes he should be. Consequences for inappropriate behavior.
@SecretaryZinke is a political hack, a shill for @realDonaldTrump !
@RWPUSA that is the @realDonaldTrump #WhiteHouse idea of 'influence' & politics 
This is part of Trump's anti Democratic process.
.@SecretaryZinke is an embarrassment to his position and to his service. Perhaps he's confused as to what he defended in the constitution.
@RWPUSA Politicians have gone to prison for such abuse of power.

Thus must be the administration of UNTOUCHABLES...place the blame on the racist,corrupt Congress who wants to win at any cost
Should yes, will be No Way
So, what is Congress going to do about it?
He could have reported the attempted blackmail to the police but we the people know there aren't a whole lot of heros in the WH
After reading tweets from your sheep i can see why dumbs, I mean Dems, won't work with Trump. So adoption is code for Russian corruption. !
So Jr. Meets with this Russian lawyer for adoption. But Bill Clinton gets paid $500,000 to speak in Russia before eelection and that's ok?!!
I went to Interior Dept Inspector General website (http://DOEOIG.gov ) & completed complaint form about Zinke's call.More should do it.
Will do
I agree.
Who else was threatened that we don't don't about?
...just another clear abuse of power.

Nothing will happen...
. There are a lotta 'shouldas' these days !  And...Nada.   No consequences.  Our America is running out of time here.
Blackmail should not be an acceptable method towards our Senators frm Executive branch.
The President should be removed for making the threat in the first place,  among other things. What is taking  so long?
Govt by thuggery.  Murkowski's up for this one. She chairs Interior Committee.
I agree who is going to start the process all I hear is should be removed against the law ethics complaints etc where are the Patriots
911 inside job it's all there look at the zions in Israel  look at Prescott bush helping fund Hitler there just as bad as the Clintons
#gwbush has colleagues?
He should this is not the mafia
Who's going to remove him? Nobody's running this country! #Rogue #SoCalledPresident
I agree!
Yep
Of course he should. And any other administration there would be hearings, news conferences and there would be consequences.
@jonathanjewel @RWPUSA And he is right.Why stop there Trump as well!
They are all Nazis.
No one connected to bush should say anything bc bush and his family help destroy this country
Among a raft of other things!
He's an embarassment and an insult to his former community and the honor that they supposedly uphold.
Seems to me #Trump should be removed for making the threat.  And for oh so many other reasons.  @RepMikeBishop
Of course Zinke should be removed for his actions. He's no doubt acting on the suggestion or order of the idiot bullying @POTUS .
It is an absolute free-for-all under the Trump administration. Anything goes - threats, intimidation, humiliation, lying, racism, misogyny..
Yes please- for the threat to @lisamurkowski and for quite a few other very important reasons.
Agreed
Zinke is a trump ass binder
Agreed !  #RemoveZinke
I'm still curious why her Alaskan colleague in the senate didn't have her back?
You can't let a threat like that go unanswered. Zinke MUST be removed. If an example isn't made, this behavior will continue in the future.
Murkowski can handle Trump like the insecure little man he is.  He's just a life support system for a mouth.
Let's not forget 45 threatened and bullied congress, this is not lobbying, this is illegal! Huge difference!
This makes sense and I hope it is true...
Well President is saying he isn't going to follow the law either cause a vote did not go his way.....
It was wrong but on the other hand,  he was threatening fossil fuel production.
I agree. That is a criminal threat to her.
What about Trump??? Wtf
Of all the horrifying things going on, this one actually kept me up at night.
Not sure we should stop with the ol' Secretary of the Interior but I'll bite... "Down with Zinke (et at)!"
That's part of a terrible pattern:

Source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/im-a-scientist-the-trump-administration-reassigned-me-for-speaking-up-about-climate-change/2017/07/19/389b8dce-6b12-11e7-9c15-177740635e83_story.html?utm_term=.0f5688dee0ac …
Trump's Cabinet IS the basket of deplorables!
Nobody better be messing with my hero @lisamurkowski - #RemoveZinke
@RyanZinke grow a pair and tell your boss to do his own dirty work. And keep our national monuments and public lands PUBLIC.
And where did Zinke get the idea to threaten Murkowski? The approval?
Thank God he's not President anymore.
Trump needs to be Removed & Zinke will follow. #Impeachment should have been started & you ALL know it!!!
And what do you say senator?
He should be removed & so should tRump for ALL his threats to the American ppl, our allies, Senators, staff, etc.. AND OH THE LIES LIES LIES
Of course HE SHOULD But so should Trump/Kushner/Ivanka/Sessions/Tillerson/Munuchin/ Ok 99.9% of this incompetent corrupt ADMINISTRATION
but he won't be
Yes Zinke should be removed Sounds like KGB threats
When the people in power have no ethics or morals this is what you get.  Zinke is a retired military office and knows better.
Zinke is apparently as much a grifter as anyone else in this admin: https://www.eenews.net/stories/1060055160 … @funder @Khanoisseur
Nothing will happen trump thinks bullying & threats r OK in this trump sh!t show what's it going to take to remove him
He's destroying USA
I agree!
