wonder how much he got from the companies.
-  THIS. @nytimes - please please investigate this!
the company Scotts was worried because this was going to put them out of business. read an article last yr.
- I've been following along for years and know the lobbyists are in full force. Wld like @nytimes to connect them.
. this is going to really harm the environment
- I agree. But at least these shady companies get to make money. Too bad it won't matter when the planet is destroyed.
We need more info on harmful effects vs need for continued food supply.
This really is totally DEPLORABLE!!
Sick Bastard Trump is hellbent on killing more Americans that the terrorist could ever hope to He Has To Go !
But...But... THAT’s exactly what Pruitt was brought in to do - reject sound science & deny climate change, isn't it?
EPA chief Scott Pruitt, rejecting the agency’s science, chooses not to ban insecticide http://nyti.ms/2nCcDEv 
Make sure the FIRST place they spray it is in the field right next to his god damned house!!! WTF is happening in this country?!?!
.@nytimes This fascination for deregulation without consideration for science reminds us why people thought the earth was flat for so long.
'WAIT?!?! The earth's NOT flat?' -Scott Pruitt
More insecticide and less medical coverage. This is GOP approach. Soon there could be fewer in the 99% for the 1% to take advantage of.

I never thought I'd live to see the day when Nazis were more popular than science
Say what?!
Scott Pruitt is a Total Nightmare!!!!
Never mind scientist deemed this insecticide is harmful to children and farm workers let's throw that out the door #nottheend #Moretocome
The crap goes on and on. Just so destructive
= .  = . @EPAScottPruitt  priorities.
Despicable.
Please, when do we all get to die?
Would he and his family eat the food spayed with the insecticides?
We need to plant flowers that attracts  bees this summer. If we just plant two plants each will help the bees.
Big surprise! Mr. I hate the EPA does the wrong thing again. I'm surprised he doesn't just shut the EPA down!
Would all critics just shut the #### up
Let's be a little more positive.

Baby killer!
good idea Pruitt, then when Americans get cancer they won't have health insurance to cover them.
How do we reason with government who only see $$?
There he blows!!!  Amazing.
Such a good choice for EPA-our produce will be cheaper-and by the time he leaves office in 2020 kids will start to get cancer-fool
This man is a menace to society
What a Muppet
It's all about short term with this administration.  No vision of a future.
@EricLiptonNYT Total insanity!
America deserves better than some anti-science puppet from the unhinged right wing in this country!
They are making horrible choices for our children!  Where is the freedom in THAT, @SpeakerRyan
Who needs science these days...
"voters know to take Trump seriously, but not literally." He seriously intends to put money before health! Got health insurance?
Congress best get their act together on fixing health insurance. Obamacare or better. Any less is just Trumpers level stupid!
He Needs a "OFF DOUCHE" with a "RAID RECTAL RELEASE"!!!
the EPA should serve him and his children food sprayed with this insecticide - see how much confidence he has then
I wonder how many scientific degrees he holds to argue with the real experts in the field. Money will do him no good when our planet's gone
donald don't you have grand kids ? LOOSER
Horrible!
Please tell me I'm living in the Twilight Zone. Everyday is something more moronic and nasty. I hate these people.
Good everywhere until people and environment suffer and die, then 'worth' a new look-see.
Crooked sold out creep.
@JebBush once you wrote an article in CNN claiming that Scott Pruitt is a right person to lead EPA. What do you think now?stupidity
It is clear the WH is anti science, anti fact and out to destroy the country.
Are these people for real???Destroying the US and Earth, one day at a time.   No shame. And lovin' it!  Ugh!
why would he. He does not believe that there are facts from science
Who needs polinators a anyway.
#pathetic #protecttheenvironment #doyourjob
spray it in his face if it's harmless
I can't find the words to describe how archaic this thinking is by Pruitt and GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
What country/agency will purchase US products tainted by harmful chemicals?  Consumers have power!
The stupidity is just staggering. He should have to spray it on his food.
On the other hand when 1 thinks all insecticides r same & those ppl make Rules Mistakes r made & that is our politics
Few insecticides do not break dw when weathered in Nature & those r regulated or banned A little knowledge can alleviate most fear
He should allow his family to be near this stuff if he is so inclined to allow others to ingest it.SAD
Watch Pruitt's and others making big money from DOW. Guaranteed.
Dems properly contested Pruitt confirm.as EPA chief. His actions/inaction as chief show he's a Trump lackey not an environmentalist
More proof that profit is priority in this shit show of an administration. Kids, health, planet, facts,  common sense be damned.
@ScottPruittOK @nypost Scott Pruitt  Scott will never put his family at risk but others, the murderous mental miget he is, will!
@ScottPruittOK @nypost Scott Pruitt is just doing trump's bid of profit over safety of people. Every mom boss has his capos.
@ScottPruittOK @nypost Scott Pruitt  has to be a terrible father and human to ignorantly and with bias jealordize lives like this
de regulation and trashing our world in exchange for money and power.  What's new here?
This is the same science that will be used to put him in jail for negligence and man slaughtering. Just wait and see...
He won't be happy until the earth is destroyed. He's the fox in the henhouse with a machine gun. God help us all.
he bases all his decisions on how much money is put in his back pocket
.@nytimes Admin is destined to destroy environment; cut our lifespan in half. These leaders not looking out for our best interest people!
Poisoning our water, our air, and now what we eat and touch.
This man is an idiot. The man who hired him is a bigger idiot. Those who voted for the bigger idiot are...I shall say no more.
- someone get this man a fruit basket and see if he gags over it.
Someone help us
.@nytimes horrific
lie! He is backed by science!
How much money did the @HouseGOP @SenateGOP get paid to poison Americans? You put your own kids in danger for a pay day?! #GOPgreed
My dad died of mesothelioma. Hope they deregulate asbestos. More ppl should drown in their own blood. Science schmience #notrauma
thank the Lord.  Termites are taking over.
#chlorpyrifos links to Autism just being researched now. Shame on #Pruitt, how many more does it have to affect?
time to bring back DDT and the jobs it creates

And always in the background is @VP Pence, the smirking devil on our shoulder, encouraging the destruction of America.
no worries for bees? Cancer? Look at all what republican voters wanted.  A disgrace how they are DESTROYING our country
He should be forced to drink from a stream of pollutants.  He might then be a believer.
never has there this much garbage in a modern presidents administration
He's a coward.
@Woo_Debunker I can't imagine a @POTUS who has ever been/will ever be more antagonistic toward sound Science & common sense.
@Woo_Debunker This administration ONLY cares about industry's bottom line, regardless of the health consequences to human beings.
I'm starting to view the Republican Party as a collective of high functioning serial killers.
This current administration just officially became the antichrist. Evil people!
Having worked with insecticides for years I can say with con @ScottPruittOK. Is a f*#ktard 
I'll be glad when this nightmare is over from the top down!
When all the bees die, maybe then they'll be happy, I mean dead.
when the need are gone and there is world wide famine it will be too late for these arseholes to say "Ooops"
@EricLiptonNYT this makes me SCREAM
@EricLiptonNYT The insanity continues.Is there no moral integrity among republicans. Amazing how quickly Christianity is forgotten.
so he won't mind if someone goes to his home and sprays the place. When his family was home. Because it would be perfectly safe.
How do you REJECT science? Is he a flat earther, too? We are truly living in Bizarro World.
well, there go our bees.
Then spray it on him because he just another parasite.
@TheGoodGodAbove @JohnLeguizamo @EPAScottPruitt Scott renames 'Environmental Pollution Agency' What do your Children think!! Shame
BPB, DDT,OTS. These are a few of my scariest things.  These insecticides harmed people over decades! Regulations needed
If someone can profit, that's all that matters to these cretins. Hurtling toward the end of our planet's ability to sustain humans.
@TheGoodGodAbove @JohnLeguizamo Aha!! Pruitt renames EPA: Environmental Pollution Agency
@ScottPruittOK If you think pesticides are safe, can I spray you in the face while you inhale, or on your salad as dressing?
not because MONSANTO has money to put in his pocket, right?! #smh #whores #science
Steve Bannon agreed, saying, "Achtung, mein Führer approves! Zyklon b is cheap, efficient, and a job creator." Pruitt winked at him
Unbelievable!
Scott Pruitt declares Zyklon b "misunderstood", given a "bad rap". Encourages use to wipe out "vermin". Zyklon b: means more jobs
@jbouie scientists clearly no less than paid lobbyists...so drain the swamp LOL
As if we don't have enough cancer cases in this country.
Pruitt continuing the Republican tradition of supporting products that kill Americans. This time the chemical kills children.
another Trump lacky who thinks facts don't matter or apply to them. And again the rest of us suffer
all make a note here. @ScottPruittOK poisoned our children
Pruitt, "Insecticides might have killed my mother."
@EPA Pruitt is a corp puppet & a short sighted, selfish fraud
Pruitt was sent in to do a hit job on EPA from the beginning. They want the agency gone. Dismantle piece by piece. Shame.
#Russiatrumpcollusion #Russiatrumpcollusion #Russiatrumpcollusion #Russiatrumpcollusion #Russiatrumpcollusion
rejecting science- my god, when will the lies stop- he's protecting monied interests!
I wonder how much money the chemical companies paid this administration
oh my God we are regressing as a society where can I buy some malathion?
@EPA a good reason to grow your own food in backyard
not good. He is definitely not protecting the environment. He is a pushover
what is creepy in this picture is Pence smiling in the background! So cree
why should he more money for Thrumps' Billionaire Club
@jbouie Apparently Dow chemical has lined the right pockets, does not care about health. Boycott Dow
once again, greed over science rules in @realDonaldTrump administration.
Pruitt is a prime example of the inner city fat cats who have no respect for the  US' most precious commodity clean drinking water
OK so Let's make sure Pruitt gets his drinking water every day he's in office, from areas where pesticides r used. Fish 4 lunch?
@epaScottPruitt Protect us, not polluters! Trust science, not money. You are letting us down.
@GeostompX Great. That's very reassuring. (Sarcasm).
Somebody please school the ignoramus on toxics, bees, pollination, food supply & survival before he manages to wipe us all out.
What is "sound science"? Depends on what you want to hear.
it's surreal.
@MegMurrayMusic putting the Country's health & environment at such risk is equal to treason in my book.
@EricLiptonNYT How much did Dow Chemical contribute to Trump's campaign?
Pruitt and the GOP are willing to poison us and our environment Are they that stupid or that greedy? #ImpeachPruitt #Resist
YES they are !!!!!
they r coming at us on every front, selling out America and our well-being.
Corporations first, always
Is everyone paying attention to this shit?
Since the 'science' behind banning insecticides is agenda-driven, it no longer qualifies as science. Food sources need protection!
what's wrong with these people!! Ugh!
consumer can still counter this anti science trend, buy from companies that don't use pesticides, and care for the environment.
while he is probably eating organic foods and spraying ours w poison. Cause hey he can afford it.
There are idiots, there are morons, and then there's this guy....
science, schmience.  Why let proof or facts get in the way of so-called "business"?
Lets start using outside S Pruitts home. TODAY!  What an ass he is. He's an embarrassment to this country.
Will the chief clown @realDonaldTrump build a dome over USA already? The rest of the free world is trying to save the climate.
@Lizzette007 For the first time I'm glad I don't reside in the US. Too much shit is happening, and far too often.
It's like a home I no longer recognize & am uncertain of. States pulling their own crap on top of it all too.
Good Morning, Lizz (Dimples). 

I'd still grab a chariot & fly over to the US and get you home safe... 

#Chivalry2017
and a good morning/day to you chivalrous one  Hoping it's going sweet for you so far...
@ScottPruittOK Who wants to send Scott Pruitt envelopes full of insecticide samples to eat? He's obviously not opposed. Address?
right after we spray you down
Trump voters, this is the guy to thank when your kids can't swim in the ocean.
"I don't care about you or your kids, this is about $$."
Will he take a bath in it every day until the end of his term? This should be the litmus test.
Someone break it to Czarina Ivanka that there will be no snow in Aspen anymore cause Daddy thinks climate change is a myth.
. Let's spread insecticide on his home and yard, soak it good. Scott won't care, because it's not a health hazard.
What in the ever loving FUCK?!
"organic" copper sulfate is killing the bees more than neonics.
@realDonaldTrump as long as the air is breathable at Mar-A-Lago, right?
@EricLiptonNYT please read a science book. I implore you. There will be no crops after you roll this back. Make America sick Again.
#SMH
@MattMurph24 we are going to die
next EO from DJT should be to change name to Environmental Pollution Agency.
@EricLiptonNYT @ScottPruittOK is going to end humanity. Start preparing for the apocalypse. #scienceisreal #Apocalypse #foodchain
@MattMurph24 Seriously? What is wrong with these people?
they are either the least intelligent people on the planet or they stand to gain monetarily
causes learning and memory declines in children exposed through drinking water. Here a reason more kids need special ed
These gross uninformed science deniers are killers but white moms love it bc they voted to allow white men destroy earth
