He should not be able to just walk away. He needs to be held accountable under the federal travel guidelines and finance laws. #investigate
He's a NOBODY compared to the thievery Trumpy is committing. Charging Secret Service for office space, a landing pad @ FL resort & DC hotel.
Trump will go down in history as the worst piece of garbage to sit I the White House.
Pot calling the kettle black
Waiting for @EPAScottPruitt to do the same.
Tom Price shouldn't be the only resigning or being fired. Half of the senate should be gone.
There was also his insider trading that everybody on the GOP side overlooked.
I'll be happy to see these corrupt officials that have to be constantly monitored for integrity breaches OUT, for any reason. Good riddance.
Agree!
U visit Bob Menendez in his swanky DR home with the underage prostitutes?
Hahaha, how dare u, Mr inside trader!  Oh, wait, how's ur buddy Bob Menendez doing!  How's that trial going?  Sad, media won't cover it.
I never hear calls of resignation for nancy Pelosi or President Obama for their lavish spending. Are you willing to make the call Senator?
Or are you just one of those Senators that's a hypocrite?
In most businesses if an employee spends company money on their own luxury that’s called embezzlement.
In most businesses if you trade on insider information you have committed securities fraud. Not if you're in Congress!
Democrats Praise Tom Price’s Resignation Over Flights, Remain Silent On Robert Menendez https://trib.al/Rx0NxrI 
GET GOVERNMENT OUT OF HEALTH CARE!!!!!!
Get the $$ back
Also remember Leon Pannetta spending millions on private airfare and paid back $17,000. At least Trump took him out!
.Get ready because Trump will bring in a worse candidate.
Or for both....
Because of his illegal stock trades he never should have been confirmed in the first place
both.
Or his questionable -to put it kindly- stock dealings w/companies over which his committee had jurisdiction. One #Grifter gone. Many to go
Whatever gets them out is good!! Let’s work on getting the biggest abuser of taxpayer dollars out soon ..why can’t that happen
He did not reimburse all the money
Now you should resign like him as you are guilty as him!
I think both 
So early today and yesterday it was because of taxpayer dollars now health care.  You are a true liberal
Dr. Mengele has had enough of “public service,” so he’ll go into private industry where his innate criminality will receive less exposure.
Should have been on all of it, hopefully they will get our million $ back, no paycheck or retirement money until payed back
Amazing how much he got a free pass on! When is congress going to stand up to this corrupt administration?
Right and now he'll beckme a lobbyist and continue to spew his terrible policies
Wouldn't be so hasty to cast the first stone, my friend!
And his insider trading
Doesn't matter how he's out. He shouldn't have gotten in, in the first place. Now he can do no more damage.
He still owes us money! Please see to that.
Sen.Whitehouse I moved from R.I. 13yrs. Ago, U make me wish I never did! Thank God my grown kids r still there! U r a Fantastic Sen.!!
He should never have gotten the job! Dems you fought so hard to stop him -you knew he was a liar/creep. But GOP looked the other way. Shame
True, but should of paid back full air travel bill. Hope the check clears on the $50k

We still want our tax dollars back.
Or both.
We want a #FullAccounting of all the travel of this admin! Air, lodging, ground transportation, security, expenses, names of ppl traveling.
He should never have made it by the senate
He never should have been nominated.... once nominated he should never had made it past committee.... once out of committee..
And his insider trading. #TomPrice #kleptocrat
Obama stole $9T from us, clowns!
Maybe and, not or.
I'm sorry did Price pass and/or sign any legislation?
Or his insider trading.
If politicians didn't waste our tax money we could possibly have enough revenue to afford a good healthcare policy...
No doing the right thing is Running Us Our Money Our being the American Taxpayers he owes 1 million to Chartered Jets
What about the $350k he owes taxpayers?
U should do the same senator. Resign
It should be for BOTH.
Agree but he is going to reimburse the taxpayer for his entire private jet flights?? of $1M not his seat of $50K?
He also has to pay back for the in-flight WiFi and the  two bottles of Sutter Home rose wine he drank.
Correct.  And the rest of the cabinet should resign for the same reason:  terrible policy work.
You’re the one that rammed the lousy failing Obamacare bill through with ZERO bipartisanship.  Do people actually believe the BS you spew?
Regardless ...the price was wrong 
And insider trading...
Both
Oh yeah. And a guy who traded on inside Senate info #DanburyWantsYou
It's Great that he resigned, for both reasons. Now, Mnuchin, Zinke and their grifter boss!
He didn't resign, he was fired.
And insider trading. And will he still be paying back the cost of his travel?
Y not both
