Are you serious?! You spied EVERYONE with the NSA, including allies, and now Russia is "attacking your democracy"?!?! Crazy, crazy bullshit.
Just a pathetic hypocrite. And by the way, who is invading other countries is the USA (Afghanistan, Iraq) not Russia.
Why are you still tweeting? With your illness it appears you're half out of your mind. Causing hype isn't needed and please stop.
The man served our country protecting YOUR freedom. And u tweet that to him as he fights cancer?? Wtf level of mentally ill are you?


I hope you are shown the same level of compassion if tragedy strikes your life.  They say you get what you give, and you deserve to get it by the truckload.

Trump sure exposed the Republican party as nothing but fake Christians. My goodness.
Stop being a hypocrite! US have done the same!  I hate fkn hypocrites! Grow a pair! My uncle served in Vietnam too, buried in Arlington.
Do something about Trump and all that are complicit. Our country is being destroyed by him & his admin. Actions speak louder than rhetoric.
According to our Commander in Chief it's your fault. Sir, how much more of this guy do you and your cohorts have to see? He's gotta go.
As you'll see I tweeted that last August. Of course I agree.
Ah, I see where we got confused. When I said "he's gotta go", I meant Trump, not McCain. Trump's   
blaming McCain was just another in a long line of acts of cowardice. True leaders take responsibility: small people blame others.
Bet it has nothing to do with you and your buddies screwing them over in backroom deals. Makes me curious, how do you know so much about Russia?
US INVADED VIETNAM! Protecting mineral rights for the French, or did u actually believe it was to stop communism?
we need you more than ever sir. wish you well!
Sanctioning Russia is a dumb move. Trump didn't need Russia's help in making HRC a terrible candidate. I don't know why people want this.
...and Trump et al for encouraging, aiding, and abetting Putin in his efforts.
2016 , almost sent down the tube, we can thank God for saving our Country once again !
God thinks we're a bunch of idiots for electing Trump.

No, Senator. Sanctions against Russia are inappropriate & detrimental to the interests of the United States.
WH in collusion with Puton doesn't help either. donbie keeps saying he'll make better deals but never does.
Obama/HRC gave Russia "reset" and stopped Poland's missle shield to protect them against Russia. Russia invaded after that.
Ice cold!
@realDonaldTrump  - did you see this? Seems like your boss #PUTIN is the reason for this.
you are complicit in this for letting him go in and on
Snap!
Unfortunately, Drumpf doesn't see it that way, his puppeteer still has him on his strings!!!
We see what you did there. Nice one :-)
Shade level: Maverick
You forgot to thank Vlad's bff the clown traitor in chief
Well put(in)
O liar and obsmacare exempted swamper and staff  has a comment  too bad
Wrong! What about @HilaryClinton sale of US Uranium to a front company out of Canada in which Russia owns?  #Treason
 State Dept 1 of 9 agencies in CFIUS to review sale-apprvl authority was Treasury. And just sale of ownership. No uranium left US- READ!
It's the sale ownership that bothers me.  Do you think Russia would sell Uranium to the USA? Question: Why did Hilary Step down as SOS?
Hmmm... Maybe stepped down because wanted to focus on WH bid?!! If she remained SOS while campaigning, Fox/GOP would have used that against!
What, she stepped down 4 yrs in advance?  I could understand stepping down w/1.5 years left, to start campaign , but 4 yrs? Somethings wrong
She stepped down because it was her decision to push the missile defense program talks until after Nov so that Obama's numbers didn't slide.
Or could it be that POTUS told her to step down because she got caught in a Pay 4 Play scheme?
Team trump gladly accepted the help of the Russians to hack and dole out misinformation. trump is to blame for the state of affairs.
We voted @POTUS @realDonaldTrump into power, republicans enable him. We want him out, its congresses duty to remove him.
Let's not forget this 2013 Miss Universe pageant in Moscow where this collusion thing was hatched out!
We can also thank mindless nimrods and Trump too bad so may fell for his stuff too bad so may buckled and gave him the chance to be POTUS
BACK
Thank you for your comment. We need people of your stature to start standing up to the President. We need strong leadership NOW!!!

Have You ever seen a President that would ever side with Russia? This is not normal! Trump will kill us all for his own pride & blame us.
Very little 2 side with him on.
Hope you're doing well Senator.
Relationships are a two way street. Obama had 8 years . Trump 6 months. Senator 30 years. ???
Amen Sir!
Amen to that!
and you can thank Republicans who brought us Trump,  Russia's puppet.  thanks.
Im. Peach.
So easy Libtards!
The time to impeach Trump has long passed. The @GOP is complicit to espionage now.
Impeachment should have occurred during the Obama Administration many times over !
You are right. He should have been impeached the moment he ordered mustard on his hot-dog.
Not only that, but the tan suit should have been automatic impeachment. Still can't believe it.
Hold up did you forget about the Latte Salute! Now that was an Impeachable offense!
the moment michelle showed her arms, the entire obama family should have been launched into the sun
Why wasn't gum outlawed. He actually chewed it! Such a weirdo - once he was without a tie. We all need to be thankful we made it out alive!
And having a portuguese water dog? Like to to see the birth cert for that pup....
Oh gosh the sad old War Hawk still looking for a go around with Russia.  So hey, about that fake "dossier" is THAT why you are angry?
McCain, Obama, the Clintons and their peons at the DOJ / FBI DESTROYED American democracy, our Constitution, our Judiciary and the integrity of all government institutions.

I am not sure if we'll ever recover from the damage done.
I also am very concerned. The rot may be too deep but, I trust President Trump who will do what is needed as far as he can. I will never trust the FBI and DOJ again. Congress is pretty low on my list too.
There is only one reason why so many Members of Congress of both "parties" voted for renewal of FISA today.

They all know that FISA is hated in the country and seen as Big Brother totalitarianism.

So why?

Because the Deep State has their skeletons, many obtained WITH FISA!
You have no more credibility Mr. McCain please stop tweeting America
Watch this video and then ask why McCain would be so bitterly opposed to a President who has vowed to Drain The Swamp!
And our President for being an enabling puppet. And to the @GOP for sitting on their hands while @POTUS runs our country into the ground!
Thank you Sen McCainfor your comments .  Folks need to know this is not a witch hunt by Dems.  American people want our POTUS to succeed.   But can only succeed by serving the greater good for  our country.
We thank you for trying to derail @POTUS with YOUR FAKE RUSSIAN DOSSIER! No wonder we are not getting along with Russia. They are sick of YOUR LIES TOO.
Pass the fake dossier.
Just do the country one last service and come clean!!!!    You could do something constructive in Washington.  You could. Bring them all down.

John...you are done. You crossed the line far to many times.
https://youtu.be/zO0mHEJyC3Y 
@SenJohnMcCain I thank the country stance when @MittRomney called them the biggest geopolitical threat and @BarackObama said the 1980s wanted foreign policy back. Followed by weak response to Crimea. What do you think or are you blaming @realDonaldTrump
None of which was a problem until your fellow Democratic candidate lost. Give me a break.
What about the @GOP for backing a dangerously unqualified president?
We can thank God for the change , Obama really messed the USA  up!

Go away.........
Silence and a diaper change for John.. Sorry, very mean thing to say but he needs to stop talking.
We can thank you and the Democrats for that!
Keep those thoughts going when you’re in GITMO. #theboot
, Joining the two Republican women, And proving there is at least a VESTIGE of STATESMANSHIP in the GOP. PARTY OVER PEOPLE???
you are ridiculous ... so #Trump has no blame in this?
And you can thank your President for inviting Putin's attack in public, for which any lesser person would have been charged with treason
We can thank you for all of the trouble. But you like Russians when it comes to dossier s. You are a bitter, sad man.
And it all traces back to that weirdo Trump.  I'm a Demo who's willing to assist any way that I can!!
You can also thank your prez for being Putins tool.
You and I both know that Putin has overplayed his hand. We, both being combat warhorse, know that our military is capable.
Stop u are up to your eyeballs in this Russia matter @SenJohnMcCain
NO, you can blame the Dems and traitors like you, for perpetuating this nonsensical BS about Russian collusion.
I hope you never return you democrat!!
I'm sorry senator, but when was our relationship with Russia ever NOT at a dangerous low?
Thank yourself. What have you done to help. You e made things worse. All of you in Congress ARE to blame. YOU ARE TO BLAME
Hmm. One would see it another way. US Aid a CIA front expelled for interfering in Russian elections. NATO on Russia border.
Love how now it's the Republican President "blaming America first"
I'd rather thank trump.
Please stand down. You have tweeted more since you showed your ass on Ocare. It's not about you.
And you can thank traitor trump for such obvious collusion.
Thank Trump. He's embraced all of this. Hold him accountable.
My hats off to you Sen. McCain for putting the people before the party..
If I were a Republican, I would impeach him so that a real Republican could be in the White House, even though I'm no fan of Pence.
#BringBackObama
AMEN!  Wish the President was as concerned about Americans & our Democracy as he is about Putin feelings
Our relationship with the entire world is at a dangerous low
I don't think the people trying to reverse this election with subterfuge really want what you think your going to get if you succeed.
And you can thank Trump for encouraging their relationship. It is time for the GOP to decide, the country or your president.
Thank you Senator.
Yep, and congress is to blame. Good job doing a crappy job. I have come to the conclusion that all you are good for is collecting a paycheck
I'm sure it has nothing to do with the US military bases lining the borders of Russia, Iran and Venezuela or our illegal invasion of Syria.
True I agree.
You mean Congress isn't to blame ?!
Alright, Maverick!
No McCain, passing around a Dossier you knew was fake is sabotaging Democracy you scumbag. 
#TraitorMcCain #McCain #FakeDossier
And we can thank U & congress 4 caring more abt taking down Trump than abt stabilizing relations w/foreign powers. #stepdownmccain @POTUS
@JoeNBC The buck will NEVER stop with our draft-dodging coward of a POTUS.

McCain you think Voters are dumb We know your game You hate Trump hate America McMasters is Obama-Clinton soldier to destroy Trump game over
McCain you are in bed with Putin, you did this.
You are using this Obama-Clinton Coup mission to destroy Trump and US. You are so devious.
John, Thank you for your service and for currently fighting to save our Democracy.  Trump has got to go God help us all
Not to mention our?president? siding with Russia against Americans at every turn.
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats  @WhiteHouse @SHSanders45       U can also thank the Obama administration & Hillary C...
Did you just realize this? Be the man I thought you were.
 you progressive sh!thead!
Thank you. It is not only Putin but Trump has done Banking business with Russia for years. Mentally ill Trump.
you're damn right. You're DAMN right.
STFU - How would u know.  What we do know, is you furnished the fake, made up, paid by Clinton dossier to the FBI for illegal warrant to spy on American citizens.  Better find god soon.
Hey @realDonaldTrump ICYMI
Putin got dump in a head lock. Pulling his strings like a puppet
Stones in glass houses John.
Retire!
You can thank him for Trump too
No...thank Putin's Poppet #blotus
We can thank you for helping to elect the clown in the whitehouse
Liar, it is great thanks to Flynn. And TRUMP, no thanks to the DEMS and RINOS like you.
The Ukraine was given to Catherine-the-Great by her once husband, then lover Potamkin including ending the Crimean Wars, still speak Russkie
I wonder how many Russians are on this thread pretending to be Americans.
We can thank you losers in congress!! You RINO's constantly fighting against OUR PRESIDENT! Lord willing none of you will be back 2018!

Worse than that they're terrorists and war criminals that destroys be tried for treason and hung! https://twitter.com/trumpazona/status/893167386802573312 …
Well keep it up then, John! How low can ya go? How dangerously low can y'all in congress make it go? The insincere establishment is obvious.

Bullshit http://traitorboy.You  and Your lucifer friends worked hard 2 cause tension with russia.Your cia blew up plane over ukraine
John- You are talking exactly about Trump! Can you understand me!?  Trump... Exactly!
I know, personally & am grateful that Nurses at @MayoClinic are the best, supporters for you. Wishing you the best
The last person to listen to is the "Songbird of Hanoi" you were a traitor then, like your grandad and your still one.
How about you keep your promises! Repeal and replace my ass! How about we repeal you in the next election!
Amen!  Putin has been a menace. He is beyond corrupt with all his billions. I feel bad for the Russian people. Seems they are scared of him.
Traitor.. anymore Dossiers to deliver??
I am starting to like you more & more every day. THANK YOU for saying the things that need to be said.
You are a trouble maker mccain. And jelous of President Trump.
Let us not forget to thank @GOP voters, house reps & senators for allowing trump & Putin to get this far in the destruction of the USA.
Obamas 1980s comment is why
I admire you.
No John. We can thank you for working with Fusion GPS to release the made-up, defamatory dossier. This wasn't about the American People, this was about your petty tiff with President Trump. Grow up and get over yourself! You're a United States Senator. Start acting like one.
our democracy
You forgot trafficking humans
Calm down MCCain
You consider ISIS as your "ally"?
You're a traitor. Make me sick. A disgrace. No hero at all.
In 2012 election there was a candidate who said Russia was an issue, the other and media said he was full of it. Now the media agrees
Endless obsession with Russia. Takes two t tango.America erodes own democracticcredibility by associatn with autocratic worst S/Arabia et al
your words are tainted; people doubt your fidelity
Your legacy is ruined.
, a few times in recent years, you have impressed me.
We need your voice, Mr. McCain!
You can thank fake news for all the trouble our President is having along with lynchgang government who'd rather listen to it then to work
And Trump for falling for it
Putin, ёб твою мать.
i would rather trust julian assange that it was some guy that gave him dnc info. that guy doesnt lie to benefit anyone!
Not aas dangerous as a wolf in sheep's clothing........you're a TRAITOR!
then why was it ok for Obama and Hillary to sell them http://uranium.You  are using this since Hillary http://lost.You  can't get over the fact the fix was in and she still lost.So you bring up Russia that has done http://nothing.You  have done worst
Senator don't you think our relationship with everyone is at an all time low?  Thank you for your vote. You are in my prayers.
The puzzling aspect is Y Trump says nothing bad about Putin even after Putin uses his butt boy Medvedev 2 savage Trump. What does Putin know
Yes when you lose an election badly, blame Russia. War with Russia yeah!!!
And we can thank Donald Trump for perpetuating it #impeach
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR SUPPORT - GEORGIA LOVES AND RESPECTS YOU!!!
I hope you are feeling and getting better...
Thanks. Tell the prez.
Putin is evil. Always has been always will be. We can thank your Congress and Obama and Clinton for taking the leash off him. Soros Traitor!
#McCainsRottenBrains
So get rid of the orangutan
I am shocked at the number of Americans who have no problem with Russia interfering in our elections. That is sad, indeed.
The GOP is complicit, they allow this continued abuse of power. You can be a leader, and put an end to the #InsaneClownPresident
Please resign John..Soonest your health recovered
And Trump supports all of those Russian actions. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Trump takes no responsibility. I can teach Trump the facts but I can't teach him how to understand. Obama handed Trump no issues like W Bush
You are absolutely out of your mind. How did anyone in their right mind ever allow you to get near a plane of fly one, which we all know how well you did that don’t we? Let alone occupy a seat in the Senate if it wasn’t for your father and wife. You whole life was someone else’s
And for our President to call it a lie and fake news
I hope you know the country sends you prayers during your recovery Senator! You are a true National hero for so many reasons! God Bless You!
Still waiting for the real evidence of this. You can speculate, but not prove. Go TRUMP!
