What kind of health care bill would be - as a Republican staffer called it - "stupid" to show the American people? Certainly not a good one.
Perhaps you should simply be quiet since nobody in your party bothered to read the Obamacare bill you unleashed on unsuspecting citizens.

Come on. Obamacare was a fraud from start to finish. "If you like your plan you can keep your plan." Then Gruber said they lied.
Aren't you Italian?
Yes. Why?
Cause you think Trump is an improvement on Obama...
What does any of this have to do with me being Italian.
stop
If it's so secret why are you claiming false accusations? Problem is this! You and your party have flown the cucoos nest! Your hurting us!
it is who they are now as a party and why I #DEMExit from the #DemocratPlantation of self loathing
Yet the first time the Commies affect the election was Nov. 2016 with Putin supporting TRUMP
ask your girl how that happened... she is the only one with real ties..
Uranium story debunked a year ago
 You are embarrassingly ignorant
Laughs.. you must be new

Nice graphic. Too bad it's fake. VP Henry Wallace warned us about American fascists "deliberate perversion of truth and fact." #GOPhatesUSA

Poor dupe thinks "drain the swamp" means remove reps who work for the people & insert Goldman Sachs banksters & lobbyists.  #GOPhatesUSA
Oh, Trumpanzees don't like me? Thanks! That means I'm doing it CORRECTLY!
stay loyal to your roots tara... I see you
Thats open to debate. However what's crystal clear is McConnell & Republicans disintegrating humanity.
When will GOP pay back $ borrowed from Social Security instead of gutting Medicaid, only for greed of the rich?
Good point about the money never repaid. GOP has no principles, they lie, cheat do what ever underhanded it takes to get what they want.
Neither do the Democrats
Back at ya
Thank you for looking out for our best interests, always! 
Ofcourse the @GOP isn't stupid. Evil yes, stupid no.
Agreed
Whitehouse is excellent. The bill is mean and letting voters see it stupid.   Alas, GOP voters are convinced it's only mean to the "others".
It will be worth going through just to see the Trumpeteer's reactions when they finally realize that big orange has screwed them over!!
Someone explain to me WHY #GOP is so determined to pass such an travesty of justice. I'm truly baffled by lack of humanity of 13 #GOP.
Money.
Is this all that has ever mattered in this country? Really??
Sadly, it has for the #GOP. Look at them. Rich white men with a few token rich white women & 1 black dude, also rich. None had student loans
They don't want to face backlash at home and give people in their distracts time to soak in what #TrumpCare will destroy.
Simply put, it will destroy the very people they were hiding It from.
Well, we have to pass it to find out whats in it.
O yes you are.lmfao
@Allen_Clifton well the American people aren't "stupid".  We will fight this health care bill!!
They just have no heart
Y is arguing about GOP secretiveness? The GOP knows their product "stinks"! The Insurance Cos are applauding this GOP fleecing of .
Wow is right!!!  God save us from the Republican Party.  
But they are Crooked
@MainHoonGooner They say they're not stupid - but sure think we all are. Will 37% base wake up when they all go broke? Nyet..
No republicans aren't stupid they are heartless evil hypocrites screwing the American people to enrich themselves & insurance companies SAD!
He didn't finish that sentence.  "We're not stupid, we're assassins"
Where's the cry for #SinglePayer Why do we BEG for what the rest of the world takes for granted? Richest country in human history? Show me
They knew people would revolt!
Apparently they feel the constituents are.
My REP - I LOVE HIM!!!!!
But they think not only the American people are but also their GOP colleagues!
Good one!!! There is not much more you can take from that one is there?
COWARDS !!!
Why does Calif. have 18 health Ins. co's offering group ins. & 13 offering individual coverage while Iowa now has ZERO? All red states suck!
Stupid? Maybe not. Evil? Oh, God, yes.
Oh yes you are!  
This will only benefit the insurance companies like I said and the Senators that support the bill in their pocket.
Pure evil.
But they are immoral
I know that I am not generally stupid,... are you?
It's not a healthcare bill. It's a healthharm bill.
@indtx36 really should have done a better job
They believe we are stupid and then we will vote for something simply because a man miles away who we've never met and always lies tells us
We need a National Healthcare System to take the Politicians Out of Our Healthcare Please Support Our Campaign
If you have to announce you are not stupid, you most likely are. And vicious, mean spirited and greedy.
It could be the best bill ever and you & your colleagues Senator would vote against it.
Can they name 3 improvements they've made to ACA?
The dems AFA was so secret, you had to pass it to find out what's in it - go Bobby Nardolillo!
Well the @GOP put Trump in charge at the head of the party...so they qualify as stupid legally
I beg to differ
,
"We're not stupid, just scumbags"
THEY ARE VERY STUPID AND CRUEL!
Senate bill is the product of a thirteen member death panel.  Remember those?  We need to get our branding game to the R level.
May not be stupid but Senate Majority Leader and his cult are evil and certainly not Christian with this bill.  Just EVIL personified!
Well, they kinda are stupid.
List of "things @SenateGOP isn't" also includes ethical, transparent, honest, humane, decent, caring, responsible, or morally sound.
Uh, let's see stupid is about the best thing anyone affiliated with the gop could even hope to be
WOW ! He speaks truth.
Now @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell has the temerity to blame the health care bill on the Democrats! A bill they've been blocked from seeing!
snicker…
They want to line the pockets of rich.
I called Murkowski & told her to vote against it.
That sounds like something they would say.
That's admission of evil in it's purest form...
#DEATH2WEALTHCAREBILL #DEATH2WEALTHCAREBILL #DEATH2WEALTHCAREBILL #DEATH2WEALTHCAREBILL #DEATH2WEALTHCAREBILL
Use TONS of Amendments. They can't stop it because of fast track. They'll be forced to withdraw. We aren't stupid either.
But they are. They're pushing a bill that will kill poor children & a lot of seniors, plus bankrupt a big chunk of the middle class. Stupid!
Coulda fooled me.
They think voters are.
Wow!! GOP is playing like their monarchs, not public servants. Crazy 
It's that last part that is so troubling for me. Show me in any Bible where it says greed is best and to take away services from the needy!
He said that?? He lied!
Wow, though not surprised
So they don't even trust their fellow (always fellow) Repubs who were on the committee who hadn't seen it as of yesterday? Juvenile! Stupid!
No, not stupid, I'd say criminal, evil and putrid!
The same bill Nancy said you had to pass to see whats in it. #EatYallsOwnDogFood......
Missed a great opportunity to comeback with "Well, you could have fooled me!"
For anyone that would like to take the time to read the Bill
https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/SENATEHEALTHCARE.pdf …
Here's the accompanying story for a quick beakdown.
http://theslot.jezebel.com/senate-republicans-have-finally-released-a-draft-of-the-1796331601 …
Pelosi said you have to pass it, to see what's in it
Evidently it wasn't kept secret from lobbyists.
ride me, Sheldon! doesnt work
Neither are the rest of us.
Maybe not stupid, just heartless. They aren't losing healthcare are they?
No better than #pelosi saying 'you'll know what's in Obamacare after we pass it'
Staffer forgot to add "We're just evil!" #SoulessMonsters
and, yes you are
Agreed - not stupid. Just cruel and inhumane.
Dim?
We have to kill this bill before this bill kills millions of Americans. That's what we're looking at, and the GOP doesn't care.
@realDonaldTrump @VP @Reince @GOP @SpeakerRyan @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @jaredkushner @IvankaTrump shame on all of you
Also: "their with stupid" & corrupt Trump.
Despite all evidence to the contrary?
No, just vicious and controlling.
There not stupid? There is no way this is happening without some huge payoff $$$ down the road for these clowns. #AchaSorry
I beg to differ.
Well they're going to have to spend a great deal of time proving it. So Far, So Stupid
Why is this guy not POTUS?
Stupid? Perhaps. Greedy, amoral, shameless? Definitely.
Um, yes they are and the majority of Americans know it.
Jesus Christ these people are evil.
Senate bill just out & reports state that there are already enough GOP no votes to kill it.  Small secret drafting group, that IS "stupid".
@SenateGOP Right pass it without anyone seeing it...BUT 2018 is coming & we can bury the shit you have brought upon us!
Maybe they're not stupid, but definitely selfish.
Stupid is debatable, Treacherous is not! Republicans are now totally removed from Public Service! #GOPGoonSquad
Make Senators have same insurance as rest of U.S.
As Nancy said, "you have to pass the bill before you can see the bill". Where were you then Sen. Outhouse?
No, you are corrupt!
They are sneaky. I hate liars and sneaks. I taught my kids to be neither
They're not at all stupid. Dishonest, deceitful, and greedy yes. But stupid, no.
Shameful.
I apologize for language. But McConnell and his lemmings are a bunch of bastards. Let's put THEM on THEIR health care plan. NOW.
I think I'd argue that conclusion.
That was a stupid thing to say
Yep hostile healthcare takeover 13 men making horrific decisions for millions of Americans lives and people are pissed. Unpatriotic
Maybe not stupid, but devious, secretive, and aiming to harm. #TrumpCare
They can't show that bill or debate it in public because it's a HELLCARE BILL!
Once again, Greedy Ugly Mean old men with no common scene or care for the people of these United States are killing off the poor.
The R's know the bill will cause families great harm, but they just want a bill to sign. Watch out when ppl know been duped & plan is fraud!
Great comments Senator!  Keep it up!!  Hey, ACA was not perfect, BUT it attempted to HELP people, not take coverage away from them!
Ever have dreams of running for President? I just did.
We have to stop the GOP from pushing this terrible healthcare bill through.
Thank you, Senator Whitehouse. I appreciate you standing up for the American people and saving democracy.
My Senator's aide tried telling me the bill wasn't written yet.
So they will pass it and then what? There will be a revolt all in time for the 2018 elections.
Repubs aren't  Stupid but are inhumanely Corrupt. Stupid might be better!
So @SenWhitehouse  will you vote no for the american people. Will you protect us? Will you ask other GOP to vote no as well. We r watching
Actually they are really, really stupid and so are their followers.
#Trumprussia #trump #GOHP
Thank you, Senator.  Let's keep up the fight!  Team Mueller!
SHAME!
No,they're not stupid. Another S word comes to mind. SINISTER.
Finish the sentence for him: "this will be massively unpopular and we can't release the details."
Yes you all are!
@Ireland0828 TY 4 standing strong in the face of a "Health Who Doesn't Care" Bill Stupid & "MEAN" If only ACA was improved
Actually they think we are all stupid
Oh yeah... they're stupid.
If they were bright, this bill wouldn't even exist.
If they were bright, this bill wouldn't even exist.
No, you just think the American people are stupid.
NICE
Dems are stupid. They keep focusing on the secrecy of the bill and not the content, which is what people care about.   Sad. @TomPerez
They're not stupid to the extent to which it delays backlash for a total POS bill "championed" by the hypcritical POS McConnell.
He's right.  They're not stupid, but their supporters are and they know it.
Bcos GOP really thinks their supporters are too stupid to comprehend this bill, or don't want to show how it will hurt them #patronizing
Smh. These people...
Democrats are not supposed to focus or talk about anything other than Russia or Trump bashing.
IMO There is no way that the Repubs will pass it all the way through, one year before a major election. They aren't THAT stupid is right.
Secret is a good idea when ashamed of an action
Give 'em hell...they deserve it
In other words...we don't believe in the norms and values of representative democracy
Exactly.
That's exactly who @GregAbbott_TX @TexasGOP are, Mean Mean Mean. @UTAustin @TAMU @Baylor @UHouston See the sadists among you= @GOP.
To Repub staffer: Yeah you are if you think people will stand for that shit.
There is absolutely no logic to this administration. Hiding in toxic sludge is their Method
No cause they want to avoid the circus that would bog down their efforts while they work through drafting it.
"We're not stupid." Presenting it before it is ready will result in destructive opposition of Dems. You are hired to work for America.
The majoritiy of the people are not stupid either.  Remember that when you vot on this bill.  #OurRevolution #Resistance
Thank you for speaking with Passion.
Actually he is - the optics of this is far worse than the ACA. They had 10yrs to build a viable plan & did NOTHING but whine.
Lol
@TheQueenJustice

Typical! #Resistance
Spoiler alert: Its the same as house bill to avoid reconciliation.
@LogjamminPete
perfect op for @SenateDems and @SenateGOP  to work together to create a balanced plan. Tell McConnell to go --''--
You could do the theatrics. Would be more productive than filibuster & provide a common platform for 2018.
That's going to be their campaign motto.
His answer just proved how stupid they really are.

@MooPersists
 I N C R E D I B L E @realDonaldTrump You are Stupid. This will catch up to you! #ImpeachTrump #saveACA
Putin bet they were and his bet paid off bigly so far.
Apparently they are.
Honorable Senator, I haven't seen any detailed counterproposal of how you would improve the Affordable Care Act presented to Americans. Why?
For avoidance of doubt, I support your outcry to see the Republican AHCA bill, but where is your detailed proposal for improving the ACA?
Honorable Senator can you please show and present to all Americans the detailed Affordable Care Act improvement bill? Where can I find it?
Honorable Senator, it's not enough to say the Affordable Care Act will he improved without showing the American people what the details are.
It's almost as if they've forgotten the Senate isn't a think tank and what they decide actually affects real people.
Sie haben recht Sir,wir und das ganze Welt wir wissen das http://T.ist  ,Lügner, aber sind viele blinde Leute.Hier die beweiss
They aren't stupid. They are just intentional traitors.
