Amendment 25, Section 4
Dems are freaking out because they are about to be demolished.
time to start beating the drums+creating enough of a caterwaul to get Congress to find their patriotism > the 25thA
Ryan is no better- even sneakier than 
You will hear GOP speaking out against Trump as often as the Dems spoke out against Obama.
Obama didn't give us much to speak out about. He was sane for starters.
@ Obama left us with a mess in Mideast. No support for Israel. ACA is broken.
Wake up Republicans! Trump is having a mental breakdown! Someone needs to control this situation!
Unhinged:The Russians are coming, the Russians are coming.  Now THAT'S unhinged, lefty.
They need to pass their agenda first. Then ,maybe
@PrincessBravato @SenWhitehouse When will Mathews stand up to Conway? #BowlingGreenMasacre
@LaVerneWright13 @SenWhitehouse Verging on unhinged. Trump crossed that Rubicon long ago.
Amendment 25 should be in play .
Verging?  You are kind sir.
You guys have been lobbing grenades 24/7, he lobbed one back, deal with it!
Deflecting.. it's what MSNBC does best. Hey Chris- they don't PAY you to play along..
@harryfalber1 @SenWhitehouse fascist tactics of democrats is reminiscent of Germany in 1932 when Hitler destroyed the Republic.
Trump has been unhinged for years. Nunes and Burr are providing cover for this crazy bastard and should be ashamed.
The Republicans will start to stand up to Donald, when they loose control of his puppet strings.
Chris, they never wil. it isn't like days gone by and your faith in McConnell is going to falter. He sold out
When they stop getting what they want.They have no sense of decency as long as they get theirs.
beyond verging....
@PrincessBravato @SenWhitehouse ah the old trickle down unhinged effect.
Yes he,made,a,serious accusation aganust,President Obama and,ofders no evidence show your taxes
@PrincessBravato Exactly my view!
I had the same thought for the pass 8 years @SenWhitehouse
The question is when will you back your president. The American people have voted and it's time for real change!
Republicans are history.
Right now, the Republicans can put whatever they want in front of Donald to sign.
"verging on unhinged"? He past that when he said he could shoot a person on 5th Ave. and no one would care.
@harryfalber1 @SenWhitehouse Facist tactics by Democrats aided ,abetted by the media are destroying our republic. Civility needed.
Senator maybe Potus and GOP are in cahoots and while the 1st create distractions the later plot against the ACA
'venging?'batshit crazy always been look 15k psychologists signed petitition paranoid/narcissistic psychopathology @hardball @SenWhitehouse
I agree with you Senator,  that looks unhinged.
no confidence in MSNBC
You've only started to change your tune end of last week, better late than never. Alas Republicans welcome this.
We LOVE President Trump & are EXTREMELY Ecstatic that he is DRAINING THE SWAMP! #LockThemUp #TCOT #PJNET #TGDN #NRA
congress needs to take action. What is it going to take for them to move on this? The man is UNHINGED
as soon as his Republican poll numbers fall far enough.
when their personal well-being and wealth is at stake. Then and only then....maybe.
Tell them Chris!!
But brave @GOP Senator #tbd is standing up to @realDonaldTrump
they better hurry he has the "football" time to start praying. Man is crazy.
@DNC  There isn't a moderate Dem who will vote Dem Party again.  Violence, lying, cheating, bashing. Party ruined!
"winning" and money has taken precidence over the good of the country
precedence, how many years of college did you take to get so good at spelling?
verging??? It has been unhinged since day 1!!
Ur right, too much stress 4 the potus
LMAO @"Verging". That's it, keep the euphemisms coming.
"Verging on unhinged"?!  If that's verging, then I'm terrified of what's next...
#TBD
They're selling their souls for tax cuts. It'snot America First... it's Rich America First.
what is GOP  thinking backing DT voting them out for sure now
VERGING on unhinged? He is crazier than a shit house rat! They have to know they are now guilty by association. @SenWhitehouse
Only when they been to see a negative shift in their re-electability will they speak out, only 4 self not country
that will be the key  when will GOP stand up don't expect Ryan or MConnell to do it, has to be a moderate GOP
no not verging bug being backed by the BM twins one on either side
did you stand up to Obamas war crimes?
We elected a madman . His party doesn't care . Is there no way out ?do we wait til they can no longer hide his erratic behavior ?
Republicans hiding. Scared of the boogie man!
when GOP gets all their agenda passed. They wanted the WH this bad!!
they'll stand up to him when they've gotten what they want. Then they'll dump him w/blame & Pence will take over.
Never as they are afraid of the man.
This Insane Narcissistic Freak,Has Been Unhinged Since Birth,Quit Normalizing This Psychopath! Knock It Off,Wake UP
Pres. Agent Orange was unhinged two weeks ago, "he's gone to plaid!!"
My guess is never because they don't have the balls! Too paranoid loosing the reelection!
#TBD
Never. They are spineless jellyfish and as brainless.
YAHSome of us have been onto this since oh maybe 1980's 1990's especially if u lived in NYC
Just as soon as he's signed all of the EO's and pushes through everything they want, until then game on!
Repub traitors will ride this gravy train for all it's worth 

define "standing up"
and how about the democrats,independents and the rest of the sane intelligent world?
Never. As long as he's a Republican they will follow him to Hell.They have no integrity.Never did,never will!
trump is going down for Russia ties/$$ & is coming completely unglued in process. Remove for mental health issues!
verging??? Are you kidding. We are way past verging!!!
Never
They are sticking their heads in the sand, and they all should pay for it in 2018. They are enabling this circus
hardball needs to be taken to task.
You keep saying @PressSec won't lie for Trump. He has already. Re: size of inauguration. His first day on the job.
God bless your memory. To me, that "fluff piece" feels like a lifetime ago!
republicans have no balls Mathews!, it's your job to tell them they don't! I don't care if you have to do it daily!
He lives in a pretend world where he makes up allth facts & everyone is supposed to believe HIM cause he's the Don.
I'm mad as hell & don't want to take Trump anymore
How can they stand their own leader?
You so desperately want that fake infrastructure you've ignored 45 racists team and agenda.The majority isn't WWC. @SenWhitehouse
You've also falsely claimed the Dems aren't trusted with sending.Fact:Reps blow deficits. Dems cleanup their mess. @SenWhitehouse
stand up to him? What you mean? That guy is awesome . Keep them crying trump
How soon before the special announcement by Pence that he has assumed the Presidency? Seems close...
cause the republicans hold power and they have stupid in the White House they can control  him cause he is dumb...
@realDonaldTrump met that threshold, so we now face a NARCISSIST who'll do & say anything out of self-preservation!
The better question is what are Republicans afraid of?
They're afraid of stepping on  60 million toes. They can't defy Trump's constituency. Not yet.
when will people realize and admit that DJT is unstable and is incapable of change! Presidential NEVER!!!
They are afraid of the alt right's backlash. They will do nothing until it's too late.
The man belongs in the nut house, come on! Time to lock him up.
@HardballChris
Thank you! Hit Trump harder.  Get some shrinks to corroborate!
@HardballChris  Brennan, Clapper & Comey all involved. We know they are proven liars. POTUS does have evidence. Who are you to say he doesnt
@POTUS Verging on unhinged? 45 has been unhinged for some time now.
they need to stop the "looking into" and get it straight immediately.
TBD
why would GOP stand up to Trump they think President is irrelevant We must hold them accountable for Trump also
@HardballChris  The ONLY ONES unhinged are YOU... the Dems! There is proof of wiretapping, spying. Obama spied on Trump 8mos.
2 right leaning tabloid stories from Enland is not proof. And that is all 45's got.
Love how you Dems say "right leaning" when all the media is mostly "left leaning" like NYT, WaPo, etc....
Love how you all follow fake news like it it gospel.
lol  What do you call what you follow??
So many millions agree, Chris. This Sarah Huckabee personis worse than Kellyanne
deport those with no critical thinking skills. Start with filth in chief.
"Verging..." No, he's definitely UNHINGED
That would require courage and self-respect
Chris Matthews  is real
"verging"?!?!
verging? Chris, come on! He's been unhinged for some time now. It's time for the rubber room
republicans do nothing but kiss the man's ass
The ONLY thing he's looking for is yet ANOTHER way to WASTE taxpayer MONEY & NOT DO HIS JOB!!
very True
correct.
