JUST IN: State Dept. releases statement detailing intent to withdraw from Paris Agreement "as soon as it is eligible to do so" 
It's more than ignoring reality. Leaving the agreement means ignoring majority of Americans. cc: @realDonaldTrump

That along with the fact that the @GOP  could have stopped the madness but instead chose to do NOTHING #LOCKHIMUP #Traitortrump
GOP hates "Mother" including the earth
Well good thing it wouldn't happen til after Trump (not impeached) is out of office so it can be cancelled :)
Yeah Trump is a real class A confederacy of dunces all in one little toady bigot package.
Crimes against humanity. This is an act of genocide, and I hope that this administration realizes that.
They do, and they don't care.
FALSE.
https://twitter.com/auerswald/status/870690622025252864 …
Correct answer:
http://www.politico.com/story/2016/02/obama-ukraine-russia-putin-219783 …
https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/world/national-security/obama-putin-election-hacking/?utm_term=.857186222aee …
=>
Pearl Harbor.
9/11.
https://medium.com/@auerswald/no-donald-j-trump-is-not-an-agent-of-the-russian-federation-9908fb65affd …
https://twitter.com/auerswald/status/855268594279522304 ……
Thanks for the tweet thread and articles. It isn't as though Sen was saying the decision is THE worst. Lord knows the fact DJT=POTUS is #1.
Will be interesting to see reaction of Parties to idea of continuing Paris negs after announcing intent to withdraw from it @RobertStavins
"Re-negotiation" of America's own Nationally Determined Contribution should be met with strong ridicule, but it'll only help Trump & base :(
Many recognize electing Trump was a colossal blunder. We need Congress to act in the interest of the country & our democratic institutions.
Trump, the Republican Party, and their funders, Koch/Mercers/et al are an existential threat to the planet.
Thank you President Trump for reading this Agreement and not signing us up for 2.4 Trillion.  Took guts to call this what it is, extortion!
The rest of the world will move on and ignore the USA
Sad. Very sad.
Is it not true that the Paris Accord is a voluntary agreement with no teeth?  Violating it carries no penalty - we need something stronger.
You are pushing socialism. STOP IT!!!!!
Iraq war ?
Wait before you say that, Trumpism has 3 more years to try to do better. This may turn out to be a minor bad decision.
I'd argue second worst, first was the election of @realDonaldTrump
Wow, this incredibly ignorant statement ignores history.
Yep, Mitch McConnell.  At least Hilllary Clinton isn't president.
Give him time Sheldon, give him time. You tweet stuff like this, he's liable to say "Hold my beer.."
Any chance the US might be liable in future for not mitigating (not signing) and continuing to do damage at greater rates than signers?
Optics alone detract from our reputation as a leader. What was the downside of being in? The answer is nothing. Now, outside looking in.
He's got 3.5 years ahead of him...
But Obama!!!!
But it'll be great for Putin's oil interests.
its a shit deal, especially for america. get over it
Doubles as a disastrous domestic policy blunder
Yes it's pretty bad, but the Iraq war, were so many lives were ruined or lost, still angers me today.so many lives ruined for nothing.
It may get buried in huge pile of blunders this White House is working on.

One in a string of Republican blunders starting in the Bush admin and continuing through Trump.
'One of', because I'm sure the dumpster fire in chief will find a way to top it.
He has withdrawn, yet not quit, the Agreement. Get with the program. Play the game.
“Hold my beer…” — Trump
Yes by trump. Will get restored when a democrat is voted back in.
“Hold my covfefe…” — Trump, probably.
Lmao... the panic stricken beta's on this feed provide such comic relief for me on a daily basis. Calm down everyone.
With just a little luck and alot more #Resistance We will reverse our epic blunder. Trump and @gop
WRONG! This farce is a detriment to our security and National well being. Climate has been "changing" since Earth has been in existence!
Trump will go down as one of our nations worst policy blunders.   But it is by far the worst decision he has made.
If it's true that Bannon is an apocalypse guy, it makes sense he'd WANT the temps to rise 7C or 14F, it would bring 'Armageddon' on faster.
Yeah, as I was trekking through standing water up to my thighs in downtown Miami this week, I sure was glad it was all just a hoax.
We must never follow the message of withdrawal but return to the message of saving the earth!
The U.S. continues to withdraw from the world. 
The hypocrisy is GOP'ers constantly accused Obama of making us look weak on the world stage.
@SenWhitehouse Maybe show your fellow senators this article? I mean, 13 MILLION new jobs without black lung win/win
#ActOnClimate #keepitintheground
When we flip the congress blue, ypu guys can pass a law putting us back in and requiring congressional approval to change it again.
This note sounds like the Administration will be confrontational at the negotiations.  That is awful news for our role in this world.
Naw....hard to eclipse Obama's foreign policy blunders.
Joining the Paris Agreement was the blunder . Pulling The USA out will go down in history as another move towards America First !
Electing you will go down as the biggest blunder RI ever made!
Too bad the deplorable can't see the economic power of renewables. They want to be China...from 10 yrs ago. We're getting our asses whupped
But hey let's cut LEGAL immigration put no path forward to curb ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS and spend life sliding g backward. Innovation be damned
That's what the wall is for.
does @elonmusk have #presidenting skills?
#BeInconvenient
And one of the biggest economic blunders too. The new jobs are in clean energy to power the world and this could haunt us for a generation.
Why break their streak? I prefer that president would play golf 24/7. Less destructive. I would also prefer not to see or hear him.
Without a doubt
you are correct but we have half witted @realDonaldTrump destroying our democracy so what are we supposed to do? Oh yea, call his kids
And as a sad footnote in World History 
So what is the ideal average temperature that the Paris agreement was shooting for again?
Senator, with all due respect, this statement gives this administration no credit for their epic level of incompetence. Grtr blunders await.
Why should American Citizens give billions to "maybe" reduce temp 1/10th of a degree you dipshite?
0% truth in your statement. 0. Trump took one measure out of context and you run with it. The author BTW of that study called trump a liar.
ISn't Lomborg on the Koch payroll? Also wasn't his book deemed "dishonest through misrepresentation of scientific facts"?
Along with the worst blunder in Rhode Island history: your election.
We join Syria and Nicaragua as the only non signers - and Nicaragua felt the accord was not strong enough
In world history.
There is no "later" on the environment.
The Iraq War?
Disgusting.
Depressing!  We need to get rid of him in 2020 badly,   but all this time lost on something so important.
By the time we can actually exit it, this admin will likely be behind bars and sanity restored to running this country.
It wouldn't be done if it was a wise move.
Thank god the most of the country will abide by it, state by state.
Im sure when we get a real President in the WH this will be reversed.
Wishful thinking maybe. I'm worried actually a little about the current Congress stripping more and more power from Exec.  out NC situation
So says a one world order progressive who would sell our sovereignty-VOTE CAREFULLY
This was a calculated move by trump and crew. Our country will pay the price for their apathy.
We can join forces with Nicaragua!
Can that date be a day after the end of this current reign?
I feel like this is expedition of the withdrawal is a petty response to Al Gore's Town Hall the other night. Bc that's the maturity here.
@tillerson_w what a backwards, draconian decision to make.  I want you fired for doing this. You clearly have a conflict of interest.
We just have to keep him from wrecking the place for 3-1/2 years! Hmm. How's that whole "businessman" leader working out right about now!?!?

I adore you
Anyway?
