Every Rep woman in the House & Senate needs to stand w/ Dem women and admonish this. For our daughters, sisters, grandchildren& nieces
And now that I think about it for our sons, brothers, grandchildren and nephews, we have to show them that this behavior is unacceptable!
You kiss there a$$ Trump gives what he gets. Trump can chew chewing gum and tweet to
YOU were elected to do a job for your constituents. You just betrayed that sacred trust. So....FUCK YOU & your assinine CIVILITY. You aren’t civilized. You’re a hypocrite. A snake. A liar. You’re day will come.
There will be at least 50 men sitting on their hands this coming week who haven't the courage of Sen. Collins or this young woman! Thank you
When U stop w/obstruction N corruption Our POTUS will stop hitting back Shut up & U Stop telling Us what to do.
We The People R The New Fed's... We R Fed Up with your obstruction N corruption
We show you the same civility you show legal US citizens and babies trapped in the womb.  Susan Collins= the queen of abortion & infanticide
Agreed, but talk is cheap. Trump is dangerous. Please don't enable him.
I just wish he'd be more articulate, and choose his battles better. He gives a voice to too many insignificant idiots. His counter punch 10X
Yes,I agree but that can never happen until the Investigation evidence will impeachTrump&the whole bunch
Senator Collins, I'm happy you'll be staying to serve in the Senate. You are doing a conscientious, thoughtful job there.
Thank you for standing up for the good you constituency and not Trump's nonsense. You give me hope!
Stop wringing your hands...you and your GOP friends need to DO something showing us you mean what you say!!
You know what also has to stop Senator? This GOP charade that we don't have a very dangerous traitor in the WH.
You and your party are ruining our country. Are u pleased w outcome of today's meeting? It's truly shocking how low you all are willing 2 go
Start doing your job then
Do you really think you are attractive? Please open your eyes.
Senator @SenatorCollins I totally agree with you, Thank YOU. But... where is the civility to President Trump?
I guess you are talking about the media like CNN 96% neg & slander MSNBC same
I would love Trump to take them to court for slander BILLIONS
GOP showed nothing but obstruction for the last 8 years, now is supporting an alt/right criminal. No thanks, you need to do your job.
You are way past your time. Please resign or get defeated at the polls at the next election. What a RINO you are. Get out!
YES!!!!!!
Trump just follows obama's advise: "if they bring a knife to the fight, we bring a gun"
Maybe the media should be listening to you instead of our President listening?
Media betrayed the American people when it took a side in the 2016 election. They alone are responsible for ruining their credibility.
We expect you to vote "NO" on the Trumpcare bill. Or as most republicans , you just talk the talk but do not walk the walk.
S. Collins I pray that God Almighty votes you out if you run for reelection.To hel w your Medicare whatever/ just jump ship 2the other side
Susan, you KNOW if a President HRC behaviors were akin to a fraction of Trump's, Congress would have Revolted En Masse. He Hurts America
You're right. What are you doing about the constant lies and verbal assaults against the first family? Truth/civility have been gone 4 yrs.
It's not my job to to defend a president I believe is morally bankrupt!
Not talking to you. Talking to Sen Collins.
Thank you for commenting on Trump's hateful speech.  He is divisive and inciting hatred and I can't believe GOP still has his back.
Trump campaigned 18 months insulting everyone from Rosie O'Donnell to Miss Universe & now Mika. You ask for civility now 6 months as Pres???
Here's the thing Senator, with all due respect you & the other MOC need to do the hard thing by starting impeachment proceedings. We can't.
Susan why don't you run on the democratic ticket next time. Go ahead let's see if you have a pair.
A pair of what, Gary?
Should I have used. Guts?
If that's what you mean, then yes. However, in my experience being willing to speak up among your peers is indication of having guts.
Sometime you just gotta tell it like it is.    Susan and John McCain just need to be honest and admit they are Rino's
I see your point. On the other hand I've always voted for the candidate, not the party.
I'm a news junky. I read a lot. 
Our government is not working as 3 branches.  Hope he returns our republic.
To what are you referring?
#25thAmendmentNow - lead it if you're serious.
You are not on the 'most popular' list....STFU!
True words Senator- now when will someone in the GOP stand up to our current executive branch?
Thank you for speaking up about the President's behavior.   Regrettably leader McConnell doesn't have the backbone to do the same.
Actually, you DO have to get along.
I agree. The media must show respect and civility then @realDonaldTrump won't have to defend himself and family against bullies. Thanks :)
How about you just stepping down. The Donald is doing what we elected to do. Drain the swamp. You are part of the Swamp.
So haw about you start by condemning the liberal bias news media that have insulted our president? Where is your loyalty?
if you really mean this, please do not let a new healthcare bill deprive so many of insurance!
Focus on the important.  Vote NO on AHCA. More than 100,000 Mainers would lose insurance.  Rates for others would skyrocket. No upside.
These condemnations are toothless.  Be stronger.  Fight him to save the rest of us.  Country>Party.
Tweeting your distaste is not actually doing something. Vague references to @realDonaldTrump are not doing something. You are #complicit
Respect needs to start with them first Susan .
You can't take the heat , get out of the kitchen .
I support the #POTUS .
Oligarchs have taken over our country with the help of Putin. The media is owned by a handful of oligarchs. DT wants to take healthcare.
What can you and the others congressional members do to stop the coup that is taking over our country? Tweets = shiny objects. Don't matter.
You  don't
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
What are YOUgoing to do about it? #25AmendmentNow
IT HAS TO STOP.  RINOS LIKE YOU VOTING  WITH. DEMORATS  AGAINST IMMIGRATION BILLS.
Definitely it is time to start action to demand respect for the office of the President. The media should be acuse of inciting sedition.  
It hasn't stopped, just getting worse.  So what are you going to do about it?  #25AmendmentNow
You should show respect as well, talk to him, stop plotting against him 4 Ur own agenda vs we that voted 4 him! #MAGA
What are YOU going to do to MAKE it stop? So far, nothing.
Thanks you!  People must speak Out!
The hypocrisy is loud and clear. I care more about a President who doesn't have sex in the Oval Office with a young intern than one who does
- you mean like the Clinton's with the stained blue dress, or calling female victims of Bill Clinton tramps, trailer trash?
Sen. Collins - my parents who are Dems voted for you. Pls rep all Mainers and stand up to Trump. This is insane.
So far, you haven't been all that effective so just shut up.
That will be easier done when the #GOP grows a spine and disavows @realDonaldTrump.
WHERE IS THE RESPECT OF THE PEOPLE WANTING BLOOD ON THE STREETS IN USA  , FROM OUR OTHER GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS STATING THIS
So get your president to stop. And tell him to act presidential.
Why aren't u condemning this Senator, u weak useless senator!
Susan:Do you not see the harsh reality that @POTUS is himself destroying healthcare for millions of Americans, by discouraging Ins.Exch?
Civility works both ways! Social media is 21st century, not 1800s. You R old, out of touch, just DO YOUR JOB, stop criticizing.
Stop. Voting. With. Him.
You are vested with power to do something about it, Senator Collins.  Are you going to do the right thing or simply express concern?
If only there was something you could do.
Civility needs to start at the top. Citizens held to lower standards than POTUS??
And what are you and your colleagues doing to foster this train of thought?  Absolutely nothing! #25AmendmentNow
Real question is why Collins remains a Republican. Can't be because her party is the party of values. Not anymore. Why?
It starts at the top and that would be your leader, Trump. Meanwhile the Republican party looks the other way while he disgraces the office.
Show us by your votes how you feel. Enough outrage
if u are thin skined leave. u did not support him. keep ur comments to urself
You need to use the 25 amendment or u need to get your colleagues to impeach him! Have some integrity!
I think the problem, senator, is the deranged and paranoid president that you helped to elect. And you are enabling his behavior now.
Then get that fool out of our White House!
Know anyone at the @GOP you can call and tell to stop enabling this garbage?
Susan Oh voice of reason please don't let them pass this Fake Health care bill
Who exactly are you stamping your feet in outrage too? It's just performance art.
Ma'am, if America wanted respect and civility, Donald Trump wouldn't be President. It may be time to let it all burn.
Have you expressed this to the leader of your party?
Please please please someone talk some sense into him. He is embarrassing our country.
Your pearl-clutching will not save the @gop when this is all over.  They will forever be known to even the most obtuse as traitors.
Too bad the constitution didn't give you any tools to take action and DO SOMETHING.., oh, wait 
Stop being concerned and do something.
Two words- 25th Amendment.
He won't stop. What will you do about it?
And just when does the GOP plan to insist that Trump start being civil?  Your party has GOT to step up and oust this dangerous man.
You (i.e. congress) can make sure it stops. Place some boundaries. Require basic civility & respect. Kids are watching what you say AND do.
Could  you please stop calling yourself a Republican? Repeal then replace. Don't worry about Trump Tweets.
Oh but we're having SO MUCH FUN!!! Besides, media propagandists have got it wrong to imagine they're part of the government
Does she mean we just have to believe media out of good faith ?
Okay so now there's the body slam tweet. DO SOMETHING or you will be remembered as a hand wringing Republican who stood by and watched.
It would be lovely if the GOP had the courage of their convictions and didnt just tweet their disapproval
Then why don't you get to doing your job. Quite trying to put down our President
Do something about it.
Well it definitely wasn't you standing up  for Americans against a radicalized media you are a coward.
8 years too late mam...you and your party built this and continue to revel in the benefits, too late to whine now.
Try crossing your arms and frowning harder, maybe if you just express non-committal disapproval a little more, it'll effect some change.
Who's “we”?
So DO something! #25thAmendmentNOW
Please stop the president now.  He is sending the wrong message to our children on how to behave. Violence is not the answer
So what do you plan to do about @realDonaldTrump?
Disown him completely and vote against him and his priorities or you're still an enabler.
are you ready to stand up and say we can and must do better then Trump? and then do something about him?
If only there were some proceeding that could take place to put an end to this circus..... 
So you expect us to stand idly by so the GOP can dismantle it all?  Wrong!
Republicans are all talk...meh..means nothing
It would be easier if you all would do something about Trump!
It's time to leave the Republican Party, Susan Collins.
So are you supporting impeachment or Amendment 25?
Are you really going to do something about it? Or just post aimless tweets that lack the courage to even reference @POTUS
Senator there is only one way to stop this and you know what it is. Time to utilize #25thAmendmentNow. Pls encourage @VP to defend America.
Sen Collins, You're in govt. You're a Republican. Do something! Don't just tut-tut about it. Country over party.
If you REALLY took a stand you would gain the attention and acclaim you desperately desire. Set the example. For Maine.

We DO have to get along. That's what respect & civility create. Getting along doesn't require total agreement, but it does require civility.
Please do something other than just saying something!
How many meaningful bills have you helped pass this year? You're the reason a person like him won.
Agreed!
In other words, Senator, we don't believe you--actions speak louder than words.
With kinds of attacks and shunning shown by Trump and Republicans in Congress, "civility" sounds like a request for unilateral disarmament.
Then do something avout it for the love of God. The ball is in your court.
About
25th Amendment.
Who are you talking about Senator? Until Senators & Representatives call him out by name, you're just going along with the schoolyard bully.
Stand up then, Senator. Stand up and say, "We have a legitimate press.The President is wrong. Major news outlets are not inherently fake."
Your RINO views are best said in private. Either join the Rep Party or retire. You're just making the case for term limits.
When will congress, @GOP & msm start questioning his mental state of mind? He's in charge of the nuke codes, for god's sake. #25Amendment
Take some f***ing responsibility. This is your political party.
You didn't define your subject. What has to stop? Republican cowardice?
Well what are you going to do about it?
Maybe do something more than just tweet
With all due respect, Sen., he won't/can't stop. So, as I asked Sen. Murkowski, what will you DO before the nation and your party implode?
It's time for Reps to declare their "Independents." Take back the party from this cruel child king. Caucus "Independent"! Stand #Independent
Where does this need to stop?
Amen.  He can't control his baser instincts, but we can go high when others go low.
Gosh, if only you & your GOP colleagues were in a position to do something about it. #thoughtsandprayers
Then do something about it. Make it stop.
So what are you going to do about it?
Point made! Now on the real side, you have a dumpster fire in the WH and a gutless GOP Congress standing around unwilling to act.
I respect your statement, but it's time for more than words. This child has the nuclear codes.
So what is the plan? How will you stop him? He won't stop on his own, and you know this. What are you doing about this infection?
Oh, you've shown you get along with him quite well.
then help impeach the idiot he's pathetic& embarrassment to us
But will you DO anything about it?
I respectfully disagree. Biggest threat to USA is not ISIS, Russia, CO2, but the hard, lying LEFT in USA and their cronies in media/academia
Impeach him now!
Another empty tweet. What are you going to do about it?
All the furrowed brows of a Republican party that won't do a damned thing. Unparallelled, unforgivable, unforgettable political cowardice
He posted that ?! GOP has to start standing up to this guy ! He's not even a real Republican
He isn't going to stop - and America will hold all @GOP accountable for enabling this horror show #complicit
Nothing more hollow and less patriotic than  simultaneously delivering faint criticism and enabling a man who is destroying our democracy
Do something. Do anything.
--people who come to your house, eat, drink and act nice then crap on you get what they deserve. Be real, not respectful.
As a dem I respect you but when will you turn your words against Trumps horrific behavior to action?
The fish rots from the head.
let me help you, @realDonaldTrump This has to stop!
No ma'am it won't. They're too selfish & immature. What MUST happen is reps must stand up for the PEOPLE they've pledged to represent. Now.
Please tell this to the President.
So this morning he does it again .@SenatorCollins what are you & @GOP going to do besides shake your head Grow a backbone
Guess what isn't stopping... and why should he? He's never been held accountable for this behavior, so why stop?
Then tell your boy Donnie to stop it. Impeach him. Vote against him. Campaign against these people.
You forgot the "@" again, Senator.
Will Republicans ever put country first???#25thAmendmentNow
Who are you talking to? To @realDonaldTrump or to one of your kids? Hard to tell
Senate PROTEST!! #BoycottTrump #BoycottChildTrump
Nope. Apparently we don't. Too bad no one in Congress is willing to do anything about it. #25thAmendmentNOW
Then DO something!   We're tired of mere hand wringing.
Stand up and DO SOMETHING
You're a fake!  He grabs women, like yourself, by the p*ssy. And you were fine with that.  But THIS has to stop? 
