and you wonder why conservatives gave you the heave ho. Wake up sir. Climate change is a hoax and you are falling for it.
Yes, science is a hoax but your magical sky daddy is real.
No, I said global warming is a hoax, not science when applied properly. Actually science disproves global warming.
No, the science is unequivocal that the earth is warming mainly because of human activity.
I see you people are *still* talking about Climategate even though it's been debunked multiple times over.
He hasn't provided any evidence for his claims and is being found of straight-up lying.
a carbon tax would damage the economy and not change #climate in any measurable way. This is greedy pols bleeding the people.
Wrong and wrong. Carbon fee and dividend is expected to increase GDP and jobs while reducing emissions.
Bullshit! Pillar #1: "GRADUALLY INCREASING CARBON TAX" The dividend is a few crumbs off RINO plates.
The dividend will also increase.
Yet the (tax)dividend will always be a pittance compared to what is taken. Remember 'Pillar #1': GRADUALLY INCREASING CARBON TAX
No, you're just assuming that without basis. Carbon fee and dividend calls for a revenue-neutral carbon tax.
Stop calling it a "Carbon FEE/DIVIDEND" when the word TAX is plain in their own docs:
What do you think a "fee" is? It's not on a tax on Americans. It's a tax on the shitheads polluting the planet.
how about we improve America's economy and rubbish the climate change nonsense?
A carbon fee and dividend will improve the economy.
Wouldn't no carbon fees or regs be even better for the economy? Just junk it all.
No. The dividend puts more money into people's pockets so they can spend more.
and where do the monies from the dividend come from?  This is just another wealth transfer scheme.
It comes from the money corporations have to pay in order to emit carbon. It's a carbon fee.
So, more costs on the entities we depend on for jobs and investments will improve the economy? Lets not.
Yeah, you seem quite ignorant on the subject. Green energy already has more jobs than coal.
You knuckleheads need to YELL at the top of your lungs "PLEASE STOP HAVING SO MANY KIDS !!!"
@robreiner @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @BostonGlobe
cc: @KremlinRussia_E
MT @ndupress: Spacepower http://www.dtic.mil/dtic/tr/fulltext/u2/a546585.pdf …
There are no climate risks we haven't faced before. You're being bamboozled. Man-made climate change is an invention manufactured to fleece taxpayers.
"climate" leadership....global opinion..... F! this crap. MAGA Romney! you should retire you POS RINO.
NO SUCH THING AS "CLIMATE CHANGE" OR "GLOBAL WARMING." You need to do more research.
@robreiner @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @BostonGlobe
cc: @KremlinRussia_E
re: #Perestroika
over-population is the root cause of ALL our problems . shoulda yelled "STOP HAVING 6 KIDS" years ago
How can you say this after a whistleblower just exposed the latest climate fraud from NOAA?
do you not see pollution in the air of cities? It causes death and sickness
CO2 is not pollution.  Just ask a plant.
Wow - compelling AND pithy argument!  You might add, like the CO MILF lady, that are bodies are made of it!!!
If you want to join a scientific argument, feel free. Just know that your ad hominem attacks disqualify you.
Wow one more way to burden our children under this debt. One more way to enrich yourself....so selfish.
climate change root cause over population more roads more housing less farm land
bottom line . global warming is real , and there's not a damn thing we can do about it . too late . period
too bad your whole party is in ridiculous denial the result: grandchildren will live in climate misery. science deniers win??
Back our President Trump! America 1st!
do you or any republicans believe humans are responsible climate change and that we should be trying to reduce emissions?
just reduce urban sprawl let nature take its course to cut back on over population
u will never sell the climate bullshit mitt !
not now-maybe later
@robreiner @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @BostonGlobe
#integrity #nullify2016 #GREY2017
About time
Dallas has a hotel, the entire building is a huge light display, but you want me to "conserve energy"
one Hollywood celebrity uses more energy in a week than my entire neighborhood does in a month
have you noticed , gas guzzling SUV sales have BOOMED under Obama "the great environmentalist" ??
Justify #Gop denial of climate change and yr support. We have a moral obligation to the planet
#firethefool
See, even the banks know it's not real:
and all you world leaders fly around GUZZLING fossil fuels discussing how to get the people to sacrifice more
there are good business opportunities in climate change. @POTUS has lied that he can bring back coal jobs.
U shld join effort - work to get dems onboard.  Al Gore? .Meets goals of progressivity in tax, use of mkts 4 social goals.
Thanks.
Guess you haven't heard. NOAA cooked the temperature books.
No, the mitigation skeptical movement is spreading lies. Again. http://www.wri.org/blog/2017/02/daily-mails-misleading-claims-climate-change … @MittRomney
Of course.  Everyone knows that all skeptics are liars.  It has been proven so, unlike the hockey stick curve.
Are you suggesting that because you wrongly perceive scientists to be lying it is okay for your tribe to do so? @MittRomney
Even with dividends, a carbon tax is too regressive for me. I don't think you can fix the climate on the backs of the poor @MittRomney
It's revenue-neutral, meaning the poor won't be affected. Read the plan first.
Thanks, I have read the plan. Nothing is ever revenue neutral when Feds take money and then pass it back.
Poor often utilize a windfall return poorly. I often did when I was poor.
Then that's on the poor, not the government. Considering the economy runs on consumers, this is good policy.
Well, we will disagree on that. Good climate policy doesn't hurt the poor.
C-tax increases cost of energy. Dividend doesn't cover increased cost, nor resulting loss of intl. competitiveness.
C-tax without policy improvements to credibly re-enable nuclear leads to very costly 100%-renewable energy route.
@robreiner @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @BostonGlobe
cc: @KremlinRussia_E
re: #climate #space #posterity
just remember, poverty is bad for our health too, as you guys discuss all the ways to burden us to save the planet
how does Obama's "cheap gasoline for elections" scam pan out with "saving the planet" while booming SUV sales ??
See! Republicans love the #green #enviro too. But #CEOs .... different
wait but I thought climate change was a Chinese hoax
please be more vocal against this president Mr Romney. We are counting on you and other patriots to stand up to this threat
We need MORE CO2, not less and...it's NOT Carbon. This is a total SCAM!!
pure insanity!!! Not conservative! Man made global warming false!! Lies!!! Wake up!!!
Mitt the CO2 global warming hoax is pure cronyism! Carbon tax pure idiocy!!! Wake up!!! End the tyranny!! @vp @potus @PressSec
my climate just changed... its raining again 
I thought climate risk / change didn't exist?  weird how he leaves politics then climate change exists
why are there no democrats?
Same evil liberal philosophy and agenda - only the marketing is updated to appeal to the current party in control. #climatelies
These Bush-nosers & YOU are a joke. Americans would pay more for everything, GOV growth skyrockets, taxpayers get small rebate.
Help the poor with higher energy costs that were brought about b/c of gov't, sounds smart! Take our money to improve our lives?
This is why you lost to Obama. There is no difference b/t the 2 of you. Both big gov't tax & spend politicians. No new taxes!
You have no principles. You lost all respect when you met with Trump to get a position in his new fascist republic.
Time to change Party Mitt.For too long you ve sided with the science denying republicans. Salvage what's left of your integrity
Hey, love what you're doing. I have a question, what's going to stop corporations from passing the costs on to the consumers?
Sounds like a great idea! Almost like there's power in parsimonious solutions. :D
hey @POTUS here's a policy proposal everyone (incl. liberals like me) can support! #oneteamonedream cc @MittRomney @SenJohnMcCain @RBReich
so when are you switching parties?
Where ya been Mitt? We need ur leadership now more than ever!  Take a stand and let's hear your voice! Trump's an embarrassment!
are you high?
that they have not manipulated the data, that scientists can speak freely, can conduct research freely, wo coercion... hello!
seems rather silly, juvenile, it assumes the climate alarmist premise, concerning anthropogenic climate change, ... that the ...
@realDonaldTrump "Thought provoking?" OK I thought about it & it put me in a rage! A gigantic tax on EVERYTHING based on a scam.
climate risks ? Reagan "Trust but verify " you don't have either
ARE U OUTTA UR FRIGGIN MIND?
This is a carbon VAT tax based on junk science. This is not conservatism. This is insane. We elected the GOP for tax cuts!
thank you for the thoughtful consideration.  Praying for this to gain traction.
perhaps you could inform @SenateGOP #ClimateChangeIsReal 
#Climate risks. We haven't had any #globalwarming for 18+ years. Do a little homework Mitt.
Good to hear you're getting on board with this free market policy that will solve climate change and stimulate the economy!
you can't stop the sun from growing.
@TNEnvCouncil conservatives speak out on climate change.
Let's hope this gains as much traction as RomneyCare did!
Good one, Mitt!
the climate issue? Are you actually supporting that? Or is it just interesting reading?
that's what the people said in 2012, No Mitt.
we don't need any more taxes.  That is a thinly veiled attempt to create a one-world government.  No thank-you
China getting ahead of US on solar is a national security issue
THANK YOU! Conservative voices must lead on climate - Massachusetts can be the first to #putapriceonit #CCL #Romneycare->#aca
@SenJoanLovely @JerryParisella Local action needs to be taken on Carbon Fee and Dividend. Massachusetts must lead #romneycare
No true conservative would ever support the globalists' climate change hoax. U are a fraud just like all the other RINOs
very important @theDemocrats should endorse + progressives  If Trump endorses, take opportunity
Good start! Does tax have any chance of approval in the US? Is regulation or use a carbon market better? #ActOnClimate @MittRomney
Thank you. Please speak out more on climate. Your party and your nation need to hear responsible voices
NOAA cook the books. They pick & choose which data to use to generate the desired outcome. It's an anti-capitalism movement.
Hear Hear!!! http://teawithft.blogspot.se/2016/05/mexico-needs-carbon-and-petrol-tax.html …
.@MittRomney Thank you for highlighting this excellent plan. I am forwarding your Tweet to local GOP Congressperson .@RepEdRoyce
they are doing this in here in Alberta. You know what it is? A wealth distribution scheme, nothing more.
if 70% of Americans come out ahead, then why would they change their habits?
The Right Wing and The Left Wing Come From the Same Bird.
please retire and stay retired. Your ideas ere rejected by Americans
agree
I WAS HOPING YOU TAKE OUT LIZ WARREN NO ONE LIKES THE KOOK. SHRIEKING ABOUT BANKS WALL ST. ITS OLD NO POW WOWS AT HOME WITH FOLK
hope rumor true you r getting back to politics-would never have voted for u again until the way u handled trump after election
@jswatz fossils love fossils. 
wait. There are highly respected conservatives?
@kennethsilber Mitt please start drinking
The climate fraud is in part why you lost. Time to return the legitimacy of science
@7im Mitt, can you just go away? Thanks.
was that a joke?
you're a lackey and the world knows it.
help us impeach trump

what climate risk? Fake news. Respected conservatives = Oxymoron.
.@MittRomney these aren't new proposals. Where were you in the last 8 years when there was an opportunity to pass legislation?
you lost big time meeting with Trump
Mr. Romney, it would be great if you could somehow be involved with this new administration!
wish you were president instead, mitt
You aligned yourselves with deniers for twenty years for cynical political gains. Your credibility on this subject is zero.
Climate change real, not manmade. If a body is invaded by billions of germs, it changes. #earthadapts It's bigger than us germs.
too bad there is not much thought going on in Washington. Wish you were our president!
please help lead the effort to #ImpeachTrump please help
un-followed.
If it requires too much thought, people won't read it.
i wish you didn't go to DJT's "kiss the ring" meetings.  U stood out amongst those guys.  Horrible how they disrespected you.
Sit down Mittsy.
@7im There are  no respected Republicans left after DeVis vote today exept for 2 who did not sell out
presser on this climate plan Weds @ 9:30am w/ GOP giants Baker, Feldstein, Mankiw & Halstead:
Happy to see genuine efforts from conservatives to address this very real issue.

I might not have voted for you but THANKS!
Heh, 'highly respected conservatives', a contradictory statement if ever there was one.
I'd pay good money to watch you slap every republican senator right now.
By destroying the EPA?
I see POTUS jumping all over this. "It's a baaaad deal."
you lost me when you went crawling to Potter
, GO AWAY!
nothing good coming from the conservatives at all!! Republican congress oppressing Americans with its sidekick Trump!!
why not just turn the carbon into rock?
Oh hell no.
just too bad @realDonaldTrump is the leader of the republican party. Hope you guys make it through the next 4 years.
Lost all Respect & Credibility after, Kowtowing,to The Great Orange Groper-inChief, Disgrace to LDS Church!wont be fooled again
- Where is Sandman Sims when you need him. Somebody get the broom. #GetOffTheStage
thanks Mitt, let's get a meaningful carbon tax back on the agenda!
Anyone looks centrist and reasonable these days. Run Mitt Run!
Speak out against the con man.
u endorsed devos who has the intellect of a rock. U also got totally played by @realDonaldTrump Your advice? No thanks.

SERIOUSLY, what would really be interesting would be for GOP to debunk "climate change/global warming" blah, blah. It's a hoax!
#LOL
Don't let the haters get you down. You and Hillary can finally say "well, we tried" together with mimosas and/or Shirley Temples
your silence speaks volumes. You condone Putin? #growaspine
Why not do both simultaneously?
shameless
SEA 18 inch snow global warming . Tulsa 70s  I heart global well local warming. ;)
see difference between climate and weather
so why use weather to discus climate?
Shut up Mittens
why did you not knock some sense into trump when you went to see him.
Bush/Romney 2020: Make America Clap Again #maca
What "climate risks" might those be?
http://www.climatechange2013.org/ 
Thank you. It's nice to see rich, white, uninformed men stand up for the truth. Keep on being a world class #penceldick
unlike you
but @tedcruz just told me climate change was fake!?!
Cruz & other politicians who deny the science are a joke No different than denialist trolls on Twitter
NO HE DID NOT DAVE GET SOMR FOLLOWERS LOON
I wish you would have run!
Hopefully step one is to abolish the EPA.
You're a wuss who couldn't stick to his principles.  Political expediency came first.
