
I believe the majority support gay marriage

Just because you believe something, doesn't make true.
Believe what you want.
Especially after he's infested it with ever-swampier creatures! Many of whom have backgrounds of interesting biz deals w/Russian oligarchs!
Exactly. What a joke trump is clearing "the swamp ". HE is the swamp!  Just like "made in America" week. Nothing ANY trump makes is made USA
Really, Ken? Check a list of Trump-manufactured items & see how many are made in USA. You shy away from fact like it's threatening to you!
Purchase options same then as they are now.
It's the 21st century. U need 2 be globalist not isolationist  Doesn't mean you have 2 bust unions or manufacture overseas
If we all listened to YOU, @nytimes liars, fake we'de be (CRAZY) $$ is the root of all evil, the DEM'S are just that.Letting my COUNTRY GO 
The *Dem's* are $$$-crazy??? Have you been paying attention?? Take healthcare away from 22 million in order to fund tax breaks for wealthy?
Health care was better before Obama and the dems screwed it up !
Not for the millions who didn't have it. Or who had pre-existing conditions. Or hit lifetime caps. Or went bankrupt bc of hospitalization.
People want something for nothing . Who doesn't!  That's not realistic or sustainable in our country . Less government is always better .
Guess it would surprise you to know that fixing Obamacare with reinsurance is cheaper than going back to old ways.
Repeal the failed law ! Replace it ! Let insurance companies compete against each other .
Yeah, like that worked before Obamacare! lol
I think Mueller is just the guy 2 handle this investigation,  he won't be intimidated,  no one is above the law. Prayer
Mueller is doing God's work.
@POTUS44  you must be   #Mueller  has your #Taxreturns 
Shocking editorial from the Washington Post. Never would have dreamed they would publish this. So brave... #LOL #tarnishedforever #joke
Nothing shocking about it. Just lays out all possible scenarios. Fascinating read. Love it!
How long before Putin's Puppet & his ilk declare Martial Law & deploy mercenaries inside USA? .@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GOP compromised.
You don't think our military would protect us??
I have No Trust in Draft dodger Trump. His cowardice disrespect for honorable men & women serving our country reeks. He is no leader. Puppet
You're liberals don't get it!!! Trump is going to make a fool of you snowflakes AGAIN!!!
He does that to himself and our country DAILY
I concur!
Fake hate news please stop
Really wow you guy are really back seat drivers I sure wish you would of gone after Hillary like you are going after trump
did. Found nothing. Moved on.
A Big..Yep!
@JoyAnnReid I've been so pesimistic as to how DT gets away w/ evrthing but I think the is finally on a straight trajectory towards the fan.
Finally we're getting to the good part Will trump get a blue or an orange jumpsuit
lets hope on that please...
Opinion: Never seen this guy before, but i dont agree.
Change title from 'this' to 'the.'  This circus ruins not only this administration, but permanently ruins our democracy.
Aww you'll be alright.  Here hugg this you'll feel better .
I'll be fine, but don't think this snowflake is up to the challenge.
Don't miss out on the Dem black hoody sale and free matches with every hoody sold .
Hey, did you catch that study that shows your lack of objectivity?
Nothing slanted about this. Lays out all possible scenarios. None good for the Don and his corrupt family. Can't wait to watch them go down!
Not likely - not on all this nonsense anyway.
Wait and see.

You must step down oooh fired
Cannot WAIT to watch it all unfold. He and his pathetic, greedy, arrogant clan are all going down. Sweet justice. 
Trump DoJ pick recently represented Putin-aligned Russian bank http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/trump-doj-pick-recently-represented-putin-aligned-russian-bank-1010884675550 … via @maddow
aaaahahaha the presidency is stronger than ever, losers.
Will ,#Trump drag America down with him?
Absolutely if he's not stopped
Lock them up!!!!!
From ur lips to G-Ds ears!!!!
CFR tell you to write this?
Interesting analysis.
Sorry to burst bubbles, but Trump's going to stay no matter what because Republicans will most likely keep the Senate in 2018.
I sure hope u r right
You know what they say about opinions.
True.
Downhill from what? Lobbyist extortion, vote selling, insider trading, unfair trade agreements?? DC is full of bottom feeders. Drain swamp
Presidency was in peril before the election. Trump decisions consistently hurt. Most self destructive admin in history. Very little hope!
I would fire all the witch hunt team and let the chips fall were they may.
A selfish, petty man like President Trump who lies, obsesses on being liked brings no greatness. We need a President who puts America 1st.
Anything can be saved, starts w/ firing Mueller, shutting down all these money draining investigations, and focusing on governing by all!
Good thing it's only their opinion
Didn't you guys predict Hil winning?
Your paper can't be saved that's for damn sure. How much longer can you pay people for made up crap with no subscriptions?
Lol lol lol lol lol This Presidency is the best ever and needed more than ever!
You mean the Russian scenario fabricated by the Democrats.
Your paper can't be saved and that is a fact.  Washington Post is dead
People need a broad range of choices, not just two, that's why it's going downhill & it's been that way for years.
He'll first get us into a war or significant military action to boost his polls and distract.
And can I get a pardon over my email?
Is there wireless in prison or will stay in jail.
Is there wireless in prison I just wanna know?
Will I still be tweeting when I have to go.
It's so because you say it's so?   Perfect example of biased reporting.  This is NOT news but opinion delivered as fact.  Liberal hacks
No facts here! Opinion is not news ,dear #washingtonpost.
#5. The correct answer on this multiple choice quiz. #5.
You are talking about your BS crooked job aren't you?
Go. Away.
Bunch of fools trump wins u lose
Just rip the Band-Aid so we can ALL get back to normal programming!
Corrupt Establishment/neocons will make sure the country can't saved either
Nonsense. Just more wishful thinking on your part and vain hoping your antiPotus hysteria will succeed.
Good.  Please tell me the Rethug-lican party & the 1% (Koch bro's ) are going down with it.
i still say they will 'all walk' - no one will do time...
Thank God. The country is turning on itself just as Putin/Bannon planned.
Good, let the chips fall where they may. Trump cannot "pardon" himself, he continues delusional.
Keep publishing the Fantasy. Only 6 percent of Americans give a Rat's A$$ about the Russia  Story.

America will rise above Trump's ashes. We're better than him.
There is a 7th senario but I won't speak of it because the FBI will come calling on anyone who suggests it.
I wish someone would just pull the plug already and then maybe we get back to helping THE PEOPLE who vote & not the voted for
http://www.limbaughlooper2016.com/i-told-you-so----my-trump-blog.html …
4 long years of downhill
Wanna bet

ILLEGITIMATE PRESIDENT #removeand replace ever heard that before?
WP is ridiculous.
The 1st 6 months have been so anxiety ridden; I can't take another 3+ years
No wonder you hold no credibility! Keep pushing false stories and partisan opinionated crap! So glad I no longer have to read your paper Lol
So what do we do if trump and the republicans dissolve the rule of law?  Not sure if they still do, but elections will no longer matter!
The rule of law is not like gravity.  Its strength derives from human belief, not physics.  In other words, it matters if we MAKE it matter.
The Trump presidency has a better chance of survival than dead tree newspapers.
Your face says it nice & clear Washington Post has a bunch of LOSERS
Who RThe LOSERS WH of course
Hahaha. What a bunch of morons that work at WaPo
A no brainer dude!
Libtards keep dreaming.
@ZigFracassi  The 64mil question?
What's on 1st..? Who's next ? @VP ?
#lol
Downhill for the Wahington Post the slime conspiracy is media based and inside connections are trying to bring down this administration No!!
Nonsense
I don't understand why the Republican party doesn't turn their backs on trump and admit that they made a big mistake with backing up trump!
They seem to have no balls when it comes to dealing with the toddler president, smack his hand and say NO! Get him some help. He's mentally
Incapable of handling the job! Look at his embarrassing moments around the world, or twitter and rallies .. what are you doing! !!
One can only hope
Come on man WH Counsel McGahn tells T on 1/25 VP? KNEW through the firing of @DAGYates crickets waiting for LOYAL Sessions DOJ 2/9..
Good. Lets get the crime family Trump out and then we can rebuild from there. Lets get there fast.
C'mon, it's been downhill since day 
Lmao  naw you recon? What was your first clue?
We saw money destroying democracy when Republications on TV were celebrating at the WH after robbing needy Americans of their Medicaid money
@Maddowblog get a load of this
It's ripe for the picking
Please no one whisper Martial Law to Trump.
Unless there're significant changes, current policies show very little or no regards to human development and global socioeconomical issues.
Unlikely : Seen what's coming down the DNC pipeline. Despite MSM media blackout. #DNCFraudLawsuit + Clintons many shenanigans.
Yeah right.  You're the one downhill from here. Ha
and after the downfall, what then for US democracy? An "American Spring"?
Good question....
This is enlightening!
It's been a ride straight downhill since the kerfuffle over crowd sizes at the inauguration.
You wish
Fake news.
WashingtonPost can't be saved from it's downhill freefall to sensationalistic journalism.
Who's this old fart it's the Democrats to have problems presidency is not going to fail
Yeah whatever @washingtonpost ure liberalism ddn't help #Hillary get elected & it wn't stop #trump from winning! He will get HC & taxes done
Why would someone want to pay $.99 to reed some silly opinion
More fake opinion and fake news. See you in 8 years. #chickenlittle
I love it...Can't be Over soon enough
Another 'Trump is going down' prediction from Washington Post. With your track record on Trump predictions, this is good news for Trump.
Oh the fantasies of the prog MSM + it traitorous allies, the Dems. Poor WAPO. Wait till he is re-elected and WAPO is out of the presscorps.
would have more credibility if left & MSM hadnt been saying same thing before he took office.
Do you guys really want Mike Pence? You might be sorry.
We didn't #vote for #Trumpski. The #electoral college did.
We can only hope!
This presidency will last longer than the WP!!!

Appears to be a Media Hyena's dream come true. If it were to happen, which is far fetched, MSM & @TheDemocrats would be in their glory!
Maybe Trump will issue a presidential pardon for himself and his 'Russian fifth column' cronies...Kusher, Don Jr., Manafort, even Flynn.
They're just figuring this now?!
People are for their marriage and against other peoples marriage. They are for their free speech against yours. 4 their faith against yours.
While I appreciate the headline, there's a lot of us who knew this on day one.
They should investigate the investigator !!
reminds me of the W.O.P.R. playing out the various scenarios in "WarGames"
How about a nice game of chess?
Guess we can start calling the WH Taj Mahal II
I demand the truth

Opinion - your rag of a paper can't be saved; all further downhill from here
Ppl need to understand if trump is a goner than its pence. Personally, i ll prefer trump than Pence
The #GOP 
Thank God ! I'll be wating at the bottom of the hill. Can't take much more trump.
in order to heal, the country needs to see justice and punishment for team trump treason.
#TreasonWeasels infestation.
Great President, media is all downhill from here.
WP done everything to bring down, never reports on all Clinton & DNC actions like mgt w Ukraine to get dirt on Trump

Bad for democrats and the media maybe. Havent seen anything damaging to the president. Neither have you, but ya know, narratives. #MAGA
WP puts out some hateful stuff against their President. Newspapers have turned into Left Wing Propaganda machines. Anti POTUS&Anti American.
How long can we go downhill for? So far we've been doing that since November... When should I brace for impact??? #TrumpsAmerica
I am waiting for the " Reichstag fire ".
Let's hope so 

and thanks to trump the integrity of the office can't be saved either. We have lost so much in just 6 short months....#heartbreaking
You can't get the Treason out of a traitor!
You are so wrong Mr. Mueller
GOP has all bases covered..they won't impeach no matter what and won't lose congress because voter suppression is in high gear. Well played!
Why seems like he's the only one that does not want to force there wives to murder other people children?
They're right. There is nothing Trump could do that wld make ppl forget his 1st 6 months. No credibility, rampant corruption, nepotism.
Shouldn't be saved. Fixed it for you.
Opinion
In your dreams #fakenews!
I just hope the damage he does in the interim doesn't destroy us..Even the reg rolbacks endanger food,water,air,drug safety.
B/c cheaters Never win..just like mom said
Sessions and Rosenstein might not quit in Scenario One.  None of these guys have shown any evidence of principles or a backbone to date.
trump has so many scandals/lawsuits lined up & ready to go, he'll never dig his way out~as predicted
Trump and his sTRUMPets will end the country before they'll let the presidency end.
Good. #TheResistance 
How cool would that be for your country? 
6. Due to extensive voter suppression, obscene gerrymandering, & corruption, GOP retain 2018 majority & Trump continues to consolidate power
Saved? He's actively destroying the Federal government.
How could America be fooled by such a mad crook?

More WAPO crap "opinion" those opinions mean zero! Ragmag hacks!
And downhill is TOUGH when you never went an inch uphill
Love your tweets! 
Why thank you!

Just like he had no path to presidency? 
@FBI @RepAdamSchiff We must worry & focus saving America & Americans,not incompetent sociopath treason "president" trump.He must go.Impeach.
Some opinions are best kept unspoken.  Why don't the naysayers just stay at the bottom of the hill while the rest of us MAGA...

Obama admin spied, IC community investigated, congress investigated, Mueller is investigating...NOTHING illegal found. Downhill?
Daily bullshit from the "We Didn't Win" camp.
Who in their right mind would want to save it? The quicker it's over the better!
This presidency was not for good of people, is not for good of people, will not be too. Question is how much will bill of damages will be?
Your paper can't  be saved
7) muller finds no wrong doing and turns over all gleaned info to DNC as opp reasearch. Goes to jail for collusion with clinton
WAKO WAPO can't  be saves.   It's downhill from here.
Totally agree!
