
but what are you going to DO about it?
Very real.
And where oh where is General Kelly?
Hopefully leaking to the assistant AG 
Sounds like a dylan song
I hope you Democratic senators speak with some fire in your belly and defend this country from Trump and his love of Russia
Sen., I'm sorry, but it's all talk and NO ACTION! Get all your colleagues and do something to get this Man-Baby OUT!
Entered ... #TwilightZone --- can't ... change ..... the channel ... --- ...
And the Shits just keep on coming! LOL
200 days in and they're eating their own young. 
The Mercers paid 300.000 for a super pac against Flake
I think all this $ for radical GOP candidates is gonna blow up in they're face
I do too
God willing it all goes down hard on them
I agree
"The fish rots from the head" Mooch
#NotNormal
well your a Senator that wears sneakers with suits. Enough said.
Thankful for a voice of REASON!  Thank You, Sir!
we need to get him out of office before there is a catastrophe!
And it's only Thursday.

Thank you Senator. Only too real. We are past being astounded. Let's get to work. @Michael36776349
Circus! Nothing legit!
Just another day in paradise 
I couldn't have written a better outcome for the 1st  6 months. She writes gleefully
#ImpeachTrumpNow
The feeding frenzy had begun
It's cute when the kids are little, but now...
You abe done nothing but spend your career getting wealthy on your public office. Have you no ethics? Let's see you propose AHA for congress
I am with you.Time we put behind us politics as ugly and began a civil discourse, repubs and dems alike, Defend points rationally
Thanks 4 keeping track!  Don't U have any Gov business U could B taking care of?  This is prattle!  Vote this swamp dweller out.  Unite us!
Now available for your viewing pleasure! Walking Dead, Conservatives Only Edition! Watch them eat their own!
And the RU bots & co going after Ryan!
And Putin expelling Americans "cuts payroll" It is one hideous thing after another. Exhausting.
Do
Something
you muggles are so embarrassing!
A morass of morons
Welcome to republic of turkey
Yup...fine tuned machine, alright. 
So much winning! 
Evil always turns on its own...
Evangelicals love this type of interaction. They probably would urge these people to go 2A on each other. Such is the way of lying EVan's.
Just another day.
Our entire cultural values have been tossed into the proverbial shitter by politicians who r bad agents & horrible examples
Hypocrisy is the fuel for the GOP clown car.
They watch too many cartoons

Get rid of him please.  Enough is enough. How long are you going to allow @VladPutin1 to drag us around by the tail?
The Rs are falling apart.
We continue to devolve in the public discourse.
Let them take each other down.  That's fine with me.
Republican infighting is a winning scenario for democrats in 2018

@realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow https://twitter.com/TheDemCoalition/status/895663252150951936 … … …
Fmr @GOP senator Gordon Humphrey's letter says @RealDonaldTrump is "sick of mind" and should be removed from office http://www.newsweek.com/ex-gop-senator-trump-sick-mind-congress-649004 …
@realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow https://twitter.com/RVAwonk/status/895729371129856000 … …
#BREAKING: 60+ members of congress sign letter to Tillerson, rejecting Trump's “irresponsible & dangerous” remarks about North Korea. 1/2 
With any luck they will do each other in and safe is the trouble
Bla bla bla.   Same old stuff.  No substance
The GOP is imploding on itself
It's the stupidest soap opera ever and I'm watching it 24/7 Team treason will be the cause of my divorce+my family leaving but I can't stop!
Let them destroy each other. And while they do, you legislate. #theywontnotice
Summing up the "conservative" GOP

The ol' "GOP outrage DDOS attack."
So.much.winning.
They all need PET SCANS on their brains
what an effing mess
They are republican.  Unexplainable creatures.
And a giant inflatable #TrumpChicken suddenly appears in DC LOL
It's all the GOP has been capable of for at least a decade. They are the blame party.
I feel like I am living in an Andy Warhol piece of art. Caricatures of everything that should be held above reproach. Never like Warhol art.
McConnell is completely disrespecting the contributing Americans as are the rest of the Democrat and Republicans living in the swamp
Deflect...Deflect....Deflect...authoritarianism playbook!! #TrumpRussiaCoverUp Where is your message to get back on track? No time to waste!
Boggles the mind.
Most of the alt right GOP are disgusting and god willing be voted out!!!
And it is still just Thursday, in August (a slow news month).
It is now safe to say that the Trump Administration is a real clusterfuck.  Devoid of any responsibility, ethics, full of criminality.
The White House is imploding; they're all turning on one another. This is definitely the way to #MAGA. Absolutely deelish
The White House has turned into the blame house. "I'm not responsible, someone else is to blame for my actions" #sad
Worst reality show ever.
It's a right old soap opera; The Trump Show.
They really do seem like a delightful group.
And everyone in media within US, UK wants to talk to madness. Gorka, a fake PhD, Breitbart propagandist, who's a Nazi somehow fascinates msm


In Dante's ninth circle of Hell, betrayers of country devour each other.
Just another day in GOP LAND.
The GOP is in a literal meltdown.  They are turning on each other like Lord of the Flies.
Typical week in McConnell's broken Senate. 
#MoronsAreGoverningAmerica #DontheCon #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPenceToo #GolfingGoon #Cult45 #Sad
Sickening.
The head    has no control over the circus.

Wait -- I thought the article everyone is tweeting today says it is the Dems that are in disarray...
Poll: Over 50% of R's would be in favor of Trump postponing 2020 Election. Expose and prosecute every last GOP involved in crimes. No Walks!
If they could just keep this crap in house and leave the rest of the country alone I'd be down with that
Deconstruction. Dems must assure us that every last GOP participant in crimes will be exposed & prosecuted. NOT get off quietly(Chaffetz)
This is from what movie...missed it.
The party of "We don't really want to lead"
Do you think someone in Congress can do something about this soon
Naw, Macain saw a plan that needed work and voted that way.
I'm glad that one politician in DC has what it takes to not vote the party line.
Divide and conquer
Let the #GopHungerGame begins
And they said Dems were the party of victimhood.
Yes. This administration is a joke! A pissing contest between pubescent boys. It's a disgrace to the USA. Help us please. Get.him.out.
Unreal -- such a Rhode Island expression -- I love it!!!!!  You're doing a wonderful job, Senator.
It's the "Outer Limits" take over America reality show!
We need to repeal and replace this corrupt administration
They will make a block buster out of this.  Mark my words!!
If we all actually live through this I'd love to see Ridley Scott, Spielberg, George Lucas, & David Chase go to town on these assholes...
We'll look back on these days as part of the "calm before the storm."
North Korea shooting off all those Chinese missiles, has the world confounded. Anyone ask N Korea where they got all those Chinese Missiles?
When are we stopping privately owned prisons? When will this be illegal? That would expose all the paid drug war hawks like sessions.
Frickin unreal
@GOP setting the table to eat their own.
I would say surreal!
It IS unreal but it's our reality. The sooner he's impeached the better. How will we put the pieces back together??????  #impeach
Well when you put it like that...they suck! lol
What's unreal of the psychotic minds of his base
And the republican "party" hasn't discovered that THEY ARE THE PROBLEM!!!
@dremmelqueen @realDonaldTrump get rid of bannon
"Bannon gremlins" 
i hope the platter is real big, theses jerks are eating their own.
OMG!!! They replaced McCain's brain with the brain of a Libtard's!!! 
*ermahgerd...*
Elect a clown. Get a circus.
But at least there's the flying Trump chicken...
Looks like a model admin for The Joker in Gotham City.
Threatening Nuclear holocaust.
This is the 2017 GOP. It's like the movie "They Live" where you put on the special shades and see them for what they really are.
Happy Wednesday
Wild wacky Wednesday!!
And there is a Giant rooster with T.Rump hair behind the White House.
@SenRonJohnson Practicing medicine without a license
I know right! You can't make this shit up! Smh
Normal Trump presidency 

@drnanbaron @realDonaldTrump 
Please note Trump buried these &  investigation stories. Consider Trump's consistent motive.
Real.

Americans needs to kick Bannon and Trump ass
I look forward to #45 taking another vacation. Who knows who the FBI will get next. Golf anyone?
...Hell in a Hand-Basket! God I Miss Obama-Biden!
GOP in shambles. They put us in a terrible mess and won't fix it. Tsk, tsk.

And it's only fucking Wednesday!
And now new threat to Guam...
They are in survival  mode.  They will eat their own at this point. In the words of DT himself, sad, just sad. 
Postreal
Two words for you sir. Clinton Cartel.
@jburg1985 @realDonaldTrump
Sen. Whitehouse - there's, also, this little thingy going on with North Korea.
I believe that it may be somewhere on TV right now!
#real
All Democrats have Brain Disease as how can they believe all the Bullshit!
When does Hillary Clinton go to prison, that is a huge proven criminal. Waiting for action against Clintons
Not one of them get it how sad! How slow! How stupid?!
These are The Days Of Our Lives-pitiful
You can't make this stuff up.
You left out Nunes aides surprise visit in London.
Reclaiming my sanity!!
It's like a circus attraction. In fact, it is circus attraction.
Becoming a typicsl day in US. You forgot Russian spy plane buzzing DC
It's hard to fit 140 disastrous circumstances into 140 characters.
Remove them all. What a knife in the back of our founding fathers
It sure is UNREAL!
Please talk your people into impeaching this corrupt ass president..
Really, proves you have no insight, no empathy, no sympathy ...feel sorry for your constituents... shame on you Sir
Another shoe must be dropping soon. When ever he attacks people on twitter that's sign something big is coming 
The GOP is an extremely corrupt party. Just like the prezy
Well oiled machine.
But, *ahem, clears throat* her emails.

It's getting weirder and weirder
Nat'l Enquirer published sordid story about Manafort hours after raid story breaks...wag that dog.
Yeah, I believe I RTd that one, thinking same.
La cage aux folles.
Where are the grownup son the room? Is there no Republican who has the moral courage to stand up to Trump?
just an average day in todays GOP
It's hard to keep up!
were all doomed, or already dead
@Kris_Sacrebleu re: McCain...as soon as he voted I thought it was only a matter of time b/4 some lowlife would go there
The Senator has a point.
This is all unsustainable. It must stop.
#BestTweetOfTheDay
It's reassuring to see a Senator working during vacation days. Thank you. @Michael36776349
Anybody remember Scaramucci?
That's like a years worth of ridiculous squeezed into one week
Me right now...
In fighting, the collapse from within. I love it!!'
"Only the best people"
I just wanna go home. Where things made sense. I suspect it's gone...
Are all Rs become so inured to this outrageous behavior they stand mute? What has happened to the right is mind boggling. Rs ? Bizarre!
In trump's world there is no stability u can make a lot of cash when there's 
chaos and u can go from the penthouse 2 the outhouse in 1 day
Words to watch your country dissolving to .
It's part bizzaro world, part frightening
Utterly tasteless attack on Senator McCain. Is there no limit to the depth of sleaze??
The GOP has gone nuts.  Up next, Republican cage fighting.
They certainly fall short of being a party of personal responsibility and values.
Hahahaha the republicans
Welcome to Trumps MERICA, the reality TV show sane Americans want no freaking part of
Welcome to the present day GOP.
Where are we going, and why are we in a hand basket?
And now he's attacking Mitch McConnell.
Dear Mr. Whitehouse, please get all senators together to stop the circus.
With Trumps insane tweets & statements he will get us all killed.
Better the GOP eats their own than the rest of America. Johnson gave new meaning to "cheesehead," though. Makes sense now.
