Brian Williams on @MSNBC says a source tells him and @NicolleDWallace they're not sure Trump knew there were Americans stationed in Qatar.
Brian Williams? Certainly a credible source there. Good luck
According to @SpeakerRyan, Trump is "new at this," so we should excuse his lack of knowledge and skills. #unqualified, #unfit
POTUS is not an internship position...
USA cannot afford to excuse a leader who needs training wheels! He has nuclear codes and doesn't know basics of govt ethics,foreign policy.
Potus Apprentus var ignoramus
Dumb D(R)umpFU
He has the intellectual curiosity of an almond. I google everything before mtgs, trips. When I'd make a better Pres it's scary. #Impeach
I respectfully submit that you have done a disservice to the almond community-a small but heartfelt mea culpa is in order, don't you think?
I absolutely agree! Mea culpa to almonds.  I originally wrote "no disrespect to almonds" but ran out of space. Great minds...
Hmm.  I thought when his aides drew the Gulf states on a Etch-a-Sketch for his pre-trip briefing they told him that.
if that is in fact true, then his willful negligence in the job is certainly an impeachable offense.
Maybe #45 should use some of his billions of $$ and buy himself a damn map, because it's doubtful he even knows where Qatar is! #Sad!
Doubt he knows where Saudi Arabia is - and he doesn't know that Israel is in the Middle East, so there's that.
So true. I wonder if #45 knows the difference between the Midwest and the Middle East.
More fake news.
I have no doubt that this is true. He is far too ignorant re our military, government, laws, treaties, etc.
Lord help us
So does that mean that Trump is dumb, incompetent or he just don't care?   Or all the above
D. All of the above.
Brian was there!
POTUS..The know-it-all who claimed he was too smart to attend security briefings and consequently skipped them. #IGNORANCE #ARROGANCE
bullshit!
A source?  Well then...
Our government has taken America from big brother (if we ever were) to bully and Drumpf is the cherry on top.
Drumpf = ignorant thug. Yet another illustration of how little he actually cares about this country and its people or any people.
then mattis and McMaster aren't doing their job.
Seriously though he's not pretty enough to be that stupid!!
It really is scary that this guy is that stupid!
From the proven false news purveyor, Williams, words we can't rely on
I can't deal with America anymore. I'm going to rainbow unicorn fantasy land for the rest of #PrideMonth
This would be very terrifying news, if it were anyone else!
He's new and naive, Sheldon- cut him some slack #impeachtrumpnow
Trump Dummy
Oh. Brian Williams said... u guys really have some terrific sources
"Sources"... give me a fkn break. Stop whining like a baby and get to work!
Remember, he didn't need briefings. He said he knows more than the generals
I cannot believe this moron is the POTUS -- darkest days of our country!
100% Believable -
He's going to get us all killed.
Trump's ignorance and unwillingness to be informed put us all in danger.
Brian Williams, there's a reliable source! . By the way, did you have similar concerns over Benghazi & what Obama knew?
Are we really that surprised though?
Believe me   You sure can make it up.  Seems like all you do.   Just quit and let others who care about the state of real issues take over
jesus christo
#DangerouslyIncoherent #Unfit #GOPDebacle #EnoughIsEnough
OMG
You can make it up, and do. Brian Williams says a source was not sure of something?  IMPEACH now!!! 
@SenWhitehouse Let's find out about the statements re the CEO of Qatar Airways owning property w/in Trump Tower. Yes?
How does this fit in?

He no longer has a hotel there?
God thing he didn't launch a tomahawk misleading strike...so dangerous for,our country!  Must vote them all out!
He doesn't know anything. That's why he shouldn't Tweet. He just shows his ignorance.
Sad !!
I'm sure Trump probably didn't even know there was a Qatar
That is an appallingly stunning statement. He, the president for God's sake!!!
*He's*  I wish Twitter had an edit button.
Worse than that. It's not insanity, not stupidity. Its willful ignorance, He JUST DOESN'T CARE to learn. Acts only when affects him directly
What the actual hell? He's an idiot. He has people to advise him but he doesn't even try. UNQUALIFIED.
... But he has a tremendous brain.
He's so damn stupid!!
And who is surprised about that?
He's gonna get us all killed.. He's a moron
Scary!
Heck, only about 11,000 of them. But what's a guy to do, what with all those new Russian friends to keep track of, too.
Paul Ryan learning curve
... is flat. In defense of GOP complicity.
I believe that 45 is either a high-fuctioning autistic man or has dyslexia, given his non-reading penchant. We need a REAL medical exam
High functioning autistic people are way smarter
Can't be possible, remember tRump assured us that he's got a very good brain. Therefore he KNEW!
WHOA. Makes sense, because why would real 'Mericans be with all those swarthy Muslimy...  #ImpeachTrum #TheResistance
Trump did not know what Medicaid was when he promised not to cut it in 2015. Now proposing over $1 trillion in cuts. Ignorance unlimited.
Same with NATO
I literally want to beat my head on a wall. I don't know how much more this country can tolerate.
I just want to stab my eyes out with ice picks!  He is stupid beyond belief.
Let's just call it a damn day and go home.
It's exhausting.
not surprising
God help/save us from this ignorant, immoral and self absorbed man who has so denigrated the office of the U.S. presidency.
In any other year this would be the news of the month, but we are in 2017, and thus.. just another stain on the president's bib.
"Just another stain on the President's bib."

 Lol, I'm gonna steal that one.
