why are you a traitor Greta? I use to love your show.
Greta is just too classy to tell you why she really left Fox. If she did, you would understand.
you are crazy
fortunate for America you don't have A vote
Cancer we STOP/Delay SCOTUS hearing til after FBI releases Treason results??? This is a 40yr DISASTER & mistake
It is a stolen seat on the court. That is the real issue.
So when R's follow the same procedure as D's (Biden) did, R's stole the seat? Dems R Hypocrites.
No seat was open and no vote was taken on it. It never happened.
But the line of thinking is the same. Like the Dems pushing through the aca with no bipartisan coop.
Again not true. Dems passed 161 amendments to the ACA proposed by repubs.
No Rep voted for it because the final draft was horrible. Gruber even said they had to lie.
How was the final draft of Trumpcare? Was that horrible?
Oh absolutely it was horrible. I'm glad they stopped it.
We need a conservative on the Supreme Court 
are you nuts.. the questions were stupid.  He was honest and forthright and obviously smarter than the panel
He did not make the sale with most critical thinkers. Didn't answer basic questions. He's a corporate stooge.
vote Gorush for law and order the constitutional way.
In line Democrat. Will never step out of line. Obviously very qualified individual .
Greta, I  may have misjudge you, so you are not a Trump flunky.
re: the political questions he answered perfectly. No Judge should be political. Ginsberg was remember?
So you want SCOTUS nominees to prejudge issues before hearing arguments & checking the law? Interesting
the hipocrasy of the Far Left and Right. Does any of them remember the election, we are tired of the BS

are you kidding?  U have drunk the koolaid. I thought u ad u were objective
I just heard on FOX that John P. had emails to the Russians & that he received monies from them as well. T or F
we don't know, but it will be interesting to find out
As a judge he is not supposed to be left or right he supposed to only enforce the law as it is written 
Oh @Greta, you know he cannot, better yet he educated Dems and the public.  He was awesome & Dems looked foolish.
The SCOTUS should not be for sale
Poor excuse for a no vote
Revealing
agreed and it was just too lovable to be lovable!
This is where your a liberal.  Groucho is going to SCOTUS
Shocking cry babies fighting Trump on every level gonna be a great 2nd defeat to the dems 2terms a charm TRUMP
Hahaha! Really Senator? Didn't answer the gotcha questions makes you feel unsafe? You need a reality check.
Sounds like Chuckie "The Whiner of Seville" Schumer!!!
I hear you, re: Gorsuch. I think we saw an extremely ambitious - at all costs -- man. It was a bit scary.
...Gorsuch is the BEST the Dems can hope for!
Just another partisan hack of a guest, and no explanation required. This is why I rarely watch, anymore.
he would have been a "no" regardless, it could've been Jesus as the nominee and he would have been to religious
I guess you will very happily support Al Sharpton for this position. You will find a way to make him fit.
Of course you are GRETA u will lose your JOB if you side with him.  You must really be hard up for $$$
Who r you ?
As expected Greta. His record makes no difference. Just broadcast what NBC wants the public to believe.
Total BS... these dishonest Dems would fabricate reasons to not confirm Gandhi if he was Repub. #LiberalHacks
Greta, I am so disappointed. I thought he avoided getting into political mud fight.Dems were playing politics.
you need to talk to Franklin.
shocker
He would have s aid NO if you were up for the nomination and you were a Republican.
horrible show very disappointed. If going to put up a pt of view which is good you need to balance with other view,one sided
Really? Maybe Merrick Garland could get a hearing......
I disagree, but I defer to your legal expertise
I am very surprised by that.  His credentials and track record seem impeccable .  He had ruled non-partisan
Sen.Whitehouse is an over-bearing, flaming, liberal nutcase.  I watched his questioning of Judge Gorsuch.
What about his acomplishments as a judge?
Rhody!
I am yes.He is a very good personI like his pro life ,but said he will follow the law . What more can you what
BS
WHAT A PATHETIC RESPONSE from the goofball so-called Senator
: I don't think Judge G could have given any answer that would make you vote Yes! No a given.
Greta needs to get off her duff and go back into investigative reporting.
it's a job interview, don't answer questions, you don't get the job. How hard is that?
wow you sure seem to be leaning left these days Greta. One of my used to be fan
Spit UR VENIM all U Want, Gorsuch is a GOOD MAN, this has to do with being an Obstructionist!
The fact that the Democrats are considering philabustering is disgraceful.
The most qualified individual for SC and this Sen says he was very evasive -what a poor excuse
Which questions?
is that you or MSNBC speaking?
No problem we will going Nuclear.  Your vote not needed.
what's the matter? You upset he made democrats look foolish
lol lol the Senator is an embarrassment to Rhode Island
Wait What Greta!?
. What respect I  had for you is gone now. Guess you were a prime candidate for MSNBC.btw Scientology is a cult
dont b lazy Sen read his cases there in is your answer. They are ALL simplistic in their interv cos u r simple
Showing a lack of common sense. Past behaviors predict future behaviors.
wow that was your dumbest twit today. He is qualified ,but you i am questioning.
imagine that a hack on MSNBC against the presidents SCOTUS pick. Pick my jaw off the floor (sic)
A better excuse would be, "I'm just another angry, bitter, Dimwit snowflake who hates America!" @MSNBC #MAGA
I am disappointed in your remark. Totally disagree.
Really? I watched all the hearings and found him to very forthcoming with answers & extremely qualified-
SAD U R ALL ABOUT POLITICS + not the best for the Nation! This is why if all this resisting keeps up CIVIL WAR
wow... are you kidding me?
Kinda shocked Greta -- he's got a respectable, clean record.  Is MSNBC getting in your skin?
What? MSNBC owns you hook line & sinker. Your comment is a shocker!
Love the guy!!
If you listened to the quality of questions asked by the Democrats amazing anyone could answer them at all.
Its really sad to watch you go down the tube with @MSNBC, you surely have this wrong. A new low for you!
of course not, he answered all their questions with truth and classusing the law as his basis OMG how novel
I see you have changed your stripes and don't give me that I'm a lawyer too. Gorsuch is exactly what we need. Feel better you got me mad.
we reap what we sow, Greta. He is likely being evasive to keep the vultures from using words against him.
Are you serious????
Very lame.  Whitehouse needs something else to do.
basic questions on future rulings & scenarios...Which is biased and unconstitutional.
What are your specific issues with his qualifications? in none they vote to confirm
too bad! I am for him!
One thing for sure, GRETA sure Loves Tweeter--also , who the H is SenWhitehouse Greta,  YOU ?
The Senator is playing politics with the appointment & its quite shameful this is what our system has come 2
I'm shocked. An uber  liberal democrat who thinks the constitution is a suggestion, is voting no! Stunning!
they were looking to devour him
looking for the interview with opposing view.....none to be found. Sad @greta you've been msnbc'd
How far out of touch can these people be? I don't believe we watched the same inquisition.
I'm really shocked.  I guess it didn't take  MSNBC  that long to convert you.
evasive? Go bk & listen to obamas scous!
Don't go into the light Greta!!!
- WOW, you just stay at MSNBC- it fits you. When you were at @FoxNews you obviously were #fakenews
Fortunately MSNBC doesn't matter. They are scum, except for @greta
Really! I am glad you don't have a vote. Can't wait to see you interview SCOTUS Gorsuch.
really ? Maybe it was the ridiculous questions that were asked. No better choice. #NuclearOption
no problem your vote not needed Nuke em!
What goes around comes around.
Democratic Party will fail with his filibuster task. In April we will have a new Judge in the Spreme Court!
A strong scent of pandering to a MSNBC audience there Greta.  Too bad, not really your style.
- Judge Gotsuch was very clear and succinct in his answers. Made some look like fools who queried him.
reason being the Democrats don't like Judges who are for the Constitution.
He was obviously well coached. We learned he knows the law (duh), says golly a lot, but little else. No vote 
YEAH, LIKE HE WOULDN'T COME RIGHT OUT & SAY HE'D OVERTURN ROE VS. WADE AS 'THE RIGHT THING TO DO' - I AGREE!!!
funny
any excuse will do.
Of course, you turncoat
Greta, you should be able to do much better than these guests. This is why the fox audience will never tune in
wow really a Democrat voting no on him, what a shock 
Cummings sent a letter to Pence to warn of Turkey &Russian connections early in Nov 16.Pence knew.He is a liar
What 'cha smokin'?! He may be the most qualified candidate in U.S. history! Evasive? Your mind is evading you!
If you're interested in his rulings, read his cases. He was clear and concise about that. Go hide at MSNBC...
Oh and Greta, THANK you for leaving Fox! You are right where you belong.
obviously a fit-MSLSD thought getting someone would have some snickering-yep we sure are-Megan who too
Greta officially Sucks. See Ya'
seriously, you are just obstructing. Stop following the clown Shumer, you may not get elected again.
How did you feel when questioning Justice Ginsburg. The hypocrisy from the left is untenable !!
Didn't know you had a vote and he did the right thing with democrats plans to try and trick him.
This is a "credible" excuse.? He needed 2 be evasive about the inane questions he was asked.  "REIDIFY" THEM.
well I guess I was wrong  Greta you are falling into the abyss Gorsuch is the man for the job  MSNBC gotcha.
they sure have! God what has happened to you Greta?
Guess we now know why you're a better fit with @MSNBC than @FoxNews.
WELL said  and I agree!
Greta you're an attorney. You know the things Whitehouse is spouting are pure BS. Why not call him out? MSNBC?
can understand hesitancy, been many years since America actually witnessed apolitical judge. Feelings are safer
interesting how two different people can perceive the Gorsuch hearings in two entirely different ways?
MSNBC has got to you Greta!
Not enough.
no he is brillant, & refused 2 answer ? on possible cases before SCOTUS ...quit the stalling & do ur JOB
wow how the mighty have fallen, your caliber of guests have dropped dramatically. #MAGA
partisan politics
Is Rhode Island the most lib state in the Union?! No,Senator,u know Nominees do NOT discuss their own views!!!
Another Liberal expecting Political views on Justice............
Too bad, he will be a great Supreme
hope you didn't let him off the hook.  Of course he can't predetermine potential future cases
we are going nuclear so it does not matter maybe get three justices in the end Yes vote No go No on all
more partisanship
Jared Kushner deleted his twitter account history, what's he hiding. #TrumpRussiaCollusion 
Go back to Fox
is deleting a twitter acct like deleting emails and then beaching that acct? Maybe discuss that!
What HRC did with classified info on pvt server to escape accountability was horrible.
thank you but! Horrible doesn't begin to describe it! Corrupt, power hungry, no conscience!
Y'all know HRC was cleared of any wrong doing. Right now it's #TrumpRussiaCollusion time
you keep drinkin' that kool aid bro'!
And you keep drinking the Fox Fool-aid bro, it's entertaining as hell
look in the mirror for your entertainment
I think you need to start interviewing Truthers now
Which "basic questions"? I'm guessing they were the partisan/political ones.
He wouldn't answer what he would do if he was freezing to death in a truck. Not political.
Yes he did. With eloquence.  You didn't watch the hearings, did you?
Oh I saw. What would he do? You believe his answer?
No you didn't. You wouldn't be repeating stupid TP. Plus, I can't take some1 who doesn't understand basic grammar. #illiterate
He did not give an answer on what he would do in that situation.
1. You didn't watch hearings - you lied 2. You don't know basic grammar 3. Go read transcript AND his DISSENT in case. # dismissed
I watched it. As I said he did not answer as to what he would do in that truck. It is not a political question as you said.
REALLY !!!!!!!!!!!!
OMG Unfollowing immediately. You MOST CERTAINLY "drank the Cool-Aid". Shame on you.
Though, to be fair, most recent SCOTUS nominees, R and D alike, have been evasive.
No free sneek peeks.. golly where have I heard that before.. oh yah every other nominee for SCOTUS
oh come on Greta.  He can't talk about most of the things the dems asked him.  You know that, so did the dems
- What's your vote Greta?
