Well yeah but...

Reality 
This is what happens when @TheDemocrats refuse to say NO to insurance industry  $ & you let them draft bad bills
No. Its what happens when GOP wants another tax cut for the rich
That is true but my point is just as valid
Not really, GOP isn't repealing the bill because of that. They love the insurance industry. ACA was their bill first
Plus #ACA was heavily influenced by #GOP whom #Dems invited to participate and compromises were made. That process was transparent.
No, if any politician cared, they would say let's progress to #MedicareForAll
I agree
Your a Democrat!! Your fucking kidding me with this tweet , this is a joke right?

Finally you had an original thought Mr Retweet!! I’m so proud of you
Sheldon W The dems party r hypocrites when they accuse billionaries of trying 2 devastate the healthcare bill. Ur party takes ellitiest $!
Dems aren't currently selling out sick people to give billionaires & insurance cos. more $$, so your "Yes, but ..." doesn't work too well.
Can someone explain why it is so important Kock,Mercers,Princes get tax cut?They are not getting stiffed on the bills.
Bribes.
I know. I am just interested in what the argument @SpeakerRyan  uses to rationalize to American ppl
Me too. I'm just projecting his inner monologue.  I'll quit trying to be funny. #BadHumor #MaybeGoodHumor 
Oh please don't give up humor. It's all we have at the moment.
INDEED! CORRUPT & UNAMERICAN!
 Can we not turn inward & say "Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free"
Please call and tell your senators to #VotenoGrahamCassidy the Sen.No.202-224-3121 give it try,#SaveLives,help us, to makes a differences
Don't forget those creepy Billionaires DEMS sold out to as well.
Dems aren't selling out sick people to give billionaires and insurance companies more $$$, so your "yeah, but..." doesn't stand up here.
Thank you for being honest with us about what's happening to our Congress.  NO on #GrahamCassidy
Since Citizens United our Congress has been bribed to deny science and pass lousy legislation like #GrahamCassidy that hurt Americans
It seems all of Western Civilization is now beholden to a small group of creepy billionaires. @SenWhitehouse kill Citizens United ASAP.
It can't be legislated can only be killed with a constitutional amendment unless @scotus revises original decision which will happen never.
49 @SenateGOP with UTTER CALLOUS DISREGARD FOR HEALTH & WELFARE OF THEIR CITIZENS VOTED TO DENY AFFORDABLE CARE
MAKE THEM PAY
#NeverVoteGOP
But aren't liberals doing the same thing by hoping that Trump fails? If he fails, then the country suffers.
@lionessmom76 Thank you Senator. Keep fighting for the American people.
Thank you Sir for doing the right thing on TRUMP/ RUSSIAN probe .
I want names! Name the creepy billionaires. At least give us the name of the biggest lobbyists buying out the "good for nothing" GOP.
Koch Brothers. Read "Dark Money".
I'm starting to wonder about the Public Virtue of the creepy billionaires and the politicians beholden to them.
@SenateGOP
@LindseyGrahamSC
Sick of  Insurance Industry and Drug Cos becoming obscenely rich by stealing from all people. Govt Supported Scams
That's right, and it is the sole reason that We The People Do Not have Universal Healthcare. France,Germany,Canada did it, SO CAN WE.
And they are indeed creepy. Count Olaf creepy.  #DisorderedMinds #DisgracefulGreed
End citizens united ! And vote GOP OUT
You are going to be sadly surprised but we are going to votr the dems and gop out.
Two reasons for repeal: Billions for millionaire tax cuts; Return a larder of uninsured patients to the insurance industry.
Money out of politics. Only way to avoid that.
#midtermelections
Thank you for being a voice of reason. Keep fighting. Please. For the sake of myself and @lpackard, STOP THIS MADNESS! #SaveObamacare ThankU
You need to start representing America and small government.
Thank you. Like so many others, I'm terrified of what will happen. If this abomination passes + my cancer becomes preexisting, no telling.
CEOs of 70 of the largest U.S. health care companies cumulatively have earned $9.8 billion in the seven years since Obamacare was passed
Thank you for standing up and speaking out, sir.
antifa = bernie supporters
Listen to this Blowhard!
No it is what happens when a president promises if you like your doctor you can keep him along with many other things, NOT TRUE
You are talking about Obamacare... Right?
Shelly has Multiple homes and belongs to a White Rich Beach Club that is all White. Yes Baileys Beach Club!
http://m.golocalprov.com/news/sheldon-whitehouses-white-only-summer-beach-club … like you have any clue abt what your constituents go through
Obama did it to us with bribes to #Democrat Senators #MarkPryor of #Arkansas & #MaryLandrieu of Louisiana who both lost for betraying voters
Better build the Wall!  Arizona officials report plague identified in fleas.  AIDS epidemic in UK. Cholera epidemic in Yemen.  Pandemic?
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
according to news report you want to subsidize insurance companies:  that could be viewed as submission to the insurance industry
Well Said!
Your kidding right?
Exactly. It explains the silence of @GOP
Stop the excuses Adult Do your JOB and come up with a solution

You hit the Obamacare nail right on the head. 
"Health before wealth" #ReturnToRegularOrder
Let's make that both parties.

Where were you on the fourth version of health care reform ?
I totally agree with you Senator @KantorRandy
Excuse me but who is going 2 protect my vote & all those put Trump into ofc? Term limits sounding good these days
"Y R Drs. paid for fee 4 service just to do stuff to you?" Most Drs., most of time, "do stuff" to confirm, refine or rule out a diagnosis.1/
2/ That's all done 2 "keep U well," even if purpose not always readily apparent.
And maybe @SenatorSWstaff  should clue him in.
@jwpetersNYT
Please post List , I will call Pro: Slaughter Mustangs, we must make this go Viral. Anyone with TV . Contacts , Piz Help !
His assistant replied he's not sure where he stands on it. I left my name and I was American Indian, and 35+ animal activists are watching
Called his Office , left message we want to why he is in support of Slaughtering American Mustang ??
Sen Whitehouse just sponsored S1706, the Senate version of the SAFEAct, the anti horseslaughter bill.
PLENTY of megabillionaires and Insurance Companies got filthy rich under Obama .... get real dude
hell you act like Obama didn't have a lot of megabillionaires influencing him ... stop this bullshit , Dems LOVE megabillionaires too
ya and this is what happens when you idiots refuse to secure our border
Nailed it on @MSNBC this morning. Thanks for fighting the good fight!
Obamacare is a test of stupidity proving liberal financial mental illness ! Not stupid enough to let the likes of you hold my wallet!
How did we go from National Healthcare is illegal in Bill Clinton's time to what kind of national healthcare are we  gonna have? Retards.
Sheldon, are you excluding yourself from that group?
100% believe in Single Payor & 100% believe that congress should have the same offer of coverage as the rest of us & no more!
How did you vote?
#creepynuts
I started reading Dark Money on Thursday and then was on the capital lawn until 3 AM; what a surreal experience.
You aren't my Senator (I'm in Colorado), but I loved this speech! Way to go!
Like Tom Steyer and George Soros?
Let's repeal Citizens United then
Thank you for speaking out against the bizarre Plutocrats and the koch-topus that, effectively runs the GOP.  Robber barrons in charge....
I wish we cd make "insurance" illegal instead of taking everyone's money like Mafia Protection ("pizzo") Ins.Cos get rich on our backs.
You should be ashamed!
Are you on ObamaCare? What's that? You were exempt from it? Well, soon you will enjoy the wonders of Ovanacare disaster you contributed to
wow, same tie, same day as senate FARA judiciary committee. implying PUTRUS
For the lack of guidance a nation fails, but victory is won through many advisors.  Proverbs  11:14
The White House could go all 'Colonel Kurtz' since to GOP is basically gone from it.

#TickTock #Trump #news @LiberalResist @Resist @Trump
Snort laughing now...
The creepy billionaires agenda
In case you forgot, here's Koch Bros agenda for an American Oligarchy & new Gilded Age on steroids (source, Bernie Sanders' website): 
The quiet words of the wise are more to be heeded, than the shouts of a ruler of fools.  Ecc. 9:17
Break it down for them @SenWhitehouse !  You speak the truth. #ACA #TrumpcareFail
Love him! 
I have a deja vu - all  Medical & nursing professions & patient groups were against 2012 HSCA. And guess what? Fell on deaf ears.
Amen omg an honest politician!  Lets tattoo who is sponsoring our senators on their face so we can see it up front!
Please explain why it's been so good for America for the past 6 years... I can hardly wait.
Go Sheldon Go
Please run for potus. I would vote for you based on that statement alone. It addresses the core of the cancer on our democracy.
@bencobley Brexit opens us up to small group of 'creepy billionaires'? To borrow a phrase from Sen Whitehouse. Tory  Brexiteers very pro-GOP
You dah man!  Thank you for your leadership.
You go!!!!
@JohnKasich @SenStabenow @senrobportman I never thought I would hear that phrase from a U.S. Senator, but he's right.  Putin counts, too.
"Small group of creepy billionaires"  you hit the nail on the head with that, and the candor in your phrasing! I'm swooning!
Just about everything the GOP does is because they are beholden to billionaires. GOP stands for Greed Over People.
More likely that the GOP has been cravenly bought by the creepy billionaires rather than merely ideologically beholden?
creepy billionaires.  I like it.
You have failed our Country!
Well done Sir. Well done.
Keep talking. Get the $ out of politics
Best tweet re:TrumpCare -BEST
And I like u Sheldon..just sick of ur party's duplicitous sold-out GOP-lite BULL..Pass a NoBribesAllowed Amend & THEN I'll take u seriously
Senator, you have joined the small group of my heroes in gov. I really appreciate your work, and I enjoy hearing you talk about it. Thanks!
No it's what happens when the govt gets involved
DEMS also take Corp bribes so you'll talk SHIT about #SinglePayer like your insurance industry masters demand..Gonna 3rdParty/ur sorry asses
While DEMS are beholden2a slightly wider group of creepy billionaires & multi-millionaires (the DEMS idea of diversity) Want2impress? PASS..
Amen
"Creepy" It's "Creepy" that makes this tweet good.
Exactly! That's what we need to go with.
Well said thanks for the honesty
yeah, and they are all in the cabinet now. Soon, they won't even need you middle men.
You're kidding, right? Four of the top five richest billionaires are Democrats.
Proud to have you as my Senator.
https://soundcloud.com/user-668498424/kreiners-korner-podcast-episode-4 … I would not be a creepy billionaire -
Love  the references to creepy billionaires.

seems you understand that Billionaires have escaped Biological Reality and are actually using their powers for destruction of the union.
They fear national health wd mean they get same care as average people. Not so. Brits still allow posh to pay to go to Harley Street doctor.
No, its actually the result of the evil GOP's extreme hate for one brilliant man who goes by the name of 
BARACK H. OBAMA!!!AlwaysMyPrez
Amen, Sir. We must overturn Citizens United. I want my country back.
When 88% of the country is against it & you vote for it, that tells us all we need to know about where your loyalties lie.
I need to know, did Heller finally sell out his state and his governor and vote yes on the Skinny Bill?
And Repubs operating behind closed doors, looking like a group of criminals planning a bank heist, and expecting us to accept it blindly.
Thank you!!
This is the type of politician we need to heal and unite this country but sadly so many people are under cult leader trump not likely
citizens united has TO GO!!

NO MORE DARK MONEY
Dont worry it will be repealed after your vacation. Mandate your own health care
You're exactly right Senator. The GOP has been corrupted by big money. Why else would they not care what their constituents wanted?
Enough said!
Creepy! Perfect Word for Them!
Spot on! Thank you in your efforts to #SaveTheUSA!
Beautifully put. In the UK the small rich group are in Cabinet, underfunding the NHS to excuse commercial input "To fix things" later. #NHS
Who are associates of Liam Fox and his old pal Werrity.. This is what we have waiting? Heritage Foundation control?
Very eloquently spoken thank you sir

I think we should be led by a diverse government that reflects on its people, not just a bunch of old rich white guys.
AMEN!!
I'd say that's "nail on the head" stmt & thankful @SenWhitehouse said it out loud as others have! Keep reinforcing #TheResistance
And three of the creepiest #sheldonadelson (of Sands Casino fame) & the @Koch_Industries brothers. What do they gain by pain of millions?
The Koch brothers are going to be spitting old man anger for some time yet. Who knew money couldn't buy you everything. Or threats.
...and the Koch's never sleep:
You're a LIAR. It was the Democratic Party that forced the SCAM of Obamacare on the tax paying citizens. Now lets watch it FAIL.
That was just awesome. Thank you for that @SenWhitehouse
The only people not in favor of ACA were those who hated Obama & were trying to erase his historic legacy. God does not like ugly!
We need to overturn Citizens United. Koch Bros and Mercers have bought POTUS and SCOTUS.
And #45 is the creepiest of them all. ...really, really creepy...
@realDonaldTrump ...therein lies the problem
Brilliantly said!!
Right on!
In the over 30 years that I've been #voting, BOTH #political parties are "beholden" to a small group of "creepy billionaires"...
Truer words were never spoken
#Love #truth #SaveACA #ThankYou
And the racists
My new favorite Senator. 
Amen
Well said Senator, well said. 
isn't that what we call government?
I can't wait to move to Rhode Island!

Bullshit!
#MORONS

Epic!
Thanks senator you said exactly what was needed to be said
This is why we need to elect actual doctors not people who think they can speak for doctors.
? That doesn't make much sense to me. Senators do much more than vote on healthcare bills. And um, Ben Carson is a Dr who is bad news
Creepy and hateful
Thanks, that's what I'm calling the party from now on #SmallGroupOfCreepyBillionaires
I actually said "Fuck Yes" aloud after watching this. Well said senator.
Thank you, Senator Whitehouse! And the 3 GOPers who joined in! SEN Murkowski, Sen. Collins, and Sen McCain! Your country applauds you! 
Very true
GOPS!!8YRS=70%cost up=LESS4US&=MORE$$$4RICH
HIGHEST WAR CASUALTIES VIETNAM
859,000
REPUBLICANS WAR2KILL AMERICANS NOACA CASUALTIES30MILLION
ENGLAND GERMANY AUSTRALIA FRANCE CANADA
OUR USA REPUBLICANS AT WAR TO KILL 30MILLION AMERICANS 

NO ACA

SO KOCH BILLIONAIRES GET MORE$
Senator Whitehouse was a serving Republican leader for years and years, he left for reasons that include this description.
#RobertMercer #KochBrothers #PeterThiel #RupertMurdoch & #Russian #oligarchs among a few love #Trump.
Who ever thinks it's a good idea to have billionaires in politics is nuts  they take care of billionaires and screw average joe
Thank U!
Thank you for standing up for those of us who understand what the GOP is trying to do to us American Citizens.
Focus on the 'creepy' descriptor. The money they have is irrelevant.
Marriage proposal worthy tweet. 
Haha! Yes, that would help me if married to someone with insurance at company? Lol
Thank YOU
Great speech, senator.
I want to thank you and party for doing right by your constituents& American people. THANK YOU! Rhode Island THANKS YOU! America THANKS YOU!
Creepy being the operative word here.
Indeed!
It'd be great if we had Whitehouse in the White House
This devastating “health care” bill is the result of what happens when a  GOVT becomes beholden to a small group of creepy billionaires.
Best line of the night
Creepy billionaires - great name for a band. Trumping the Mooch could be the first single
Applies to the Tories too
Say would you mind coming over to the UK to make this speech in Parliament? Feels like it has some relevance.
