National embarrassment. Every day this administration diminishes our country.
iT'S A NATIONAL EMBARRASSMENT THAT YOU ILLEGALS ARE STILL HERE. tIME TO GO HOME BEFORE U GET D-PORTED!!!
Come and get me.
what @EPAScottPruitt doesn't tell us is what does he think is the primary contributor?! How can a lawyer be head of the EPA?
He said we should continue to do the research and debate it. Until scientists can come to a higher level of agreement, debating is sensible.
He is 100% accurate..stop with the fake headline.
Listen to him...."there is tremendous disagreement in (human) impact."
A non-scientist disagrees with 99% of all scientists on this. So, he's right and everybody else is wrong?
The 1% usually achieve 99% of incorrect answers. You can't write it, lol.
@joncoopertweets  yeah ok lets listen to a climate change denier school us on emissions. Bring back science and you would know more.
Here just ask the EPA dept in ky, they seem to know everything and no longer need your overreach.
doesn't KY rank near the lowest in testing scores?
This administration is the most ignorant, greedy, self righteous bunch of idiots I've ever seen.
That's exactly how it looks from here in the UK. Probably the same to the rest of the world too. Good luck.
Save us
.@CNBC The Trump administration's position on #climatechange:
not good with one's head up their ass. A far cry from having one's head up someone else's ass! Check yourself!
I seem to recall either Palin or Bachman claiming carbon dioxide was not dangerous. It was "natural"
Obviously self taught from the FE encyclopaedia of stupid. 
Pruitt is a high-placed hypocrite and craven lackey of Trump's insanity and treachery
well after all, he should know better than most scientists!
: according to the Trump administration there is tremendous disagreement if 99.9% of the scientist agree!

and likewise, measuring his brain activity is even more of a challenge.
#sorelieved
Science hasn't seen this sort of resistance to facts since the Medieval Period. #ScienceIsCool
Speaking of Medieval, the period 800AD to 1300AD was about as warm as it is now.
Interesting, you accept data about this period from the same scientists warning us about dangerous climate change today.
Because he is a carpetbagger for the dirty energy industry and last century technologies trying to hold onto their market share.
(CAPS injuy) THAT'S NOT WHAT HE SAID! THE HEADLINE IS FAKE NEWS IF YOU WATCH!
the newest US Admin is a danger for the World. Seriously. Fear for our children, worldwide.
@joncoopertweets This is a criminal. He should be jailed for Crimes against Humanity.
Science Class 101. Humans breathe oxygen.Exhale Carbon Dioxide. Plants absorb Carbon Dioxide, Release Oxygen. Repeat.
So stupid! He was selected for his money. Our air will soon be totally poison...burn coal! Nuts!
A reflection of America's ethnocentricity - how many Americans believe most Canadians live in igloos?
EPA Chief rejects notion of gravity, kills self while attempting to fly off building.  #WaronScience
That's not his fault. The ground came up at him very fast.
So many important issues being challenged by people who are disagreeing with Environmental Scientists,  help us oh Lord!
Did anyone correct him in the moment?  Looked like a great opportunity to educate the EPA chief.
You're expecting that from a moron like Kernan? LOL
One can hope...
Dumb Trump has installed a stupid virus in Washington. Cure:impeachment/Remove Cabinet/Elect people not exposed with a backbone.Sad...
does not take a scientist to figure out that smoke coming out of tailpipe is not a good thing. @carlquintanilla @IvanTheK
FALSE CLAIMS BY NEW EPA CHIEF ESPOUSING HIS PERSONAL BELIEFS= 97% WORLD SCIENTISTS DISAGREE
W/BAD STATEMENT
Pruitt is a complete embarrassment to society.
Scott Pruitt has his head up Donald's rear end, they  are all making conflict of interest $ on fossil fuels which CAUSE climate change
"Doctor I'm not taking your consensus life-saving med bc I insist that science is never 'settled'", said no climate denier ever.
Mr Pruitt is correct. Look at the chemistry & atmospheric science (i.e. REAL science) rather than Bill Nye the pseudo-science guy.
this was just a terribly posed question.  CO2?  Way to blow an opportunity.  Follow up to Pruit: what does cause global warming?
@SenWhitehouse he has a political science degree....does not make you a scientist!

that would be a lot more convincing if he was an actual scientist with proof of his claims.
unqualified person. Just like Carson, a neurologist head of HUD. Shows how backwards this presidency is.
anotherperson not qualified.SCIentist needthis position,not politician to do Trumpplan to payback friends who bought his presidency
Just another ostrich with his head in his ____!  But that is an insult to the ostrich!  Poor start of job performance = you are fired!
so it begins. Next up, Pruitt's EPA recommends drinking 1 to 3 full glasses of mercury daily.
@PresidentCheeto When they're finished there will be no country.
it isn't the primary contributor, METHANE is but no one wants to talk about and the affect it would have on the food chain.
China will take the lead on global warming... America will let polluters off the hook...
Trump's only reason for running for office was to protect the status quo come Hell or high water. Sadly we will end up with both.
Stop quoting falsehoods in headlines. Propagates false information even though headline is accurate
say WHAT?
not for a minute have i believed in the climate change bs
OMFG!!!
<<shudder.>>  EPA Chief Assassin.
@PaulCeschini lmk Paul
Scientist said it best today. "The climate doesn't care what Pruitt thinks."
this is so depressing. How can these crazy people be in power?
@EPAScottPruitt science  doesn't care if you agree with it. The climate is still changing and CO2 is a greenhouse gas
EPA Chief @ScottPruittOK is a liar.
@xeni Anyone else catch "debate" slip? Time for debate is over. Time for action. May have to change tactics but waiting isn't valid.
Hey, Kernen! MIT called--they want their degree back!
He must be stupid, stupid, stupid.
I can't believe this guy is in charge of the EPA. Trump voters thank you. Dumb as rocks
Shame on Pruitt. Shame!
#citationsneeded
Is this guy a scientist or a scientologist? He's gotta choose between knowledge & beliefs. Either way we're screwed thru Trump
ok so what is, enlighten us all and go tackle it!  Go corporate greed !
he went on to say the world is flat and if we sail to far west we will fall over the edge.
this is so ignorant it's beyond belief! he needs to step down now-he is totally unqualified to head the EPA! how did he graduate HS??
@BoingBoing
Imagine if a tobacco lobbyist who said smoking didn’t cause cancer became Surgeon General.

That’s Scott Pruitt.

…
@Senator48 
I'd venture a guess the gases ALL the manure RWNJs are spewing isn't helping the cause. #sciencematters #resist
I wish there was a hell. Pieces of sh** like #Pruitt would get a special type of agony.
That's why he got put into that position. He has no problem lying about your children future. Saying "I KNOW AND SCIENTISTS DON'T!"
so, you know more than NASA, NOAA and scientific community? Or it's the $? C'mon, u can tell us, it's about the $$$ isn't it? #Greedy
says who, like 2% of scientists? Ask the scientist you now "manage". See what their data says. You're a lawyer. analysis is worthless
carbon dioxide a primary contributor to GW…

PLEASE open your minds for all creatures both great and small
@POTUS  @EPAScottPruitt
@ScottPruittOK This is the kid who gets an "F" on his science paper because he drew the wrong conclusions and didn't listen in class.
@SierraClub People like Scott Pruitt are smart enough to know the root cause of global warming. He chose money over responsibility
What a shame....
Maybe he should ask a scientist? He should be able to locate one, if they haven't all been fired or fled.
What a joke of a "financial news" channel @CNBC is.  AGW already costing global GDP $1.2T/yr, but they keep @JoeSquawk on the air.
Scott Pruit is a bible thumping effing idiot
C'est fonc un gros connard qui veut laisser une poubelle à nos enfants pour s'enrichir. Gros gros connard.
If US Government says it, it has to be true.
God help us all
the dimmest will believe him. Science says otherwise & actually it doesn't take a brain surgeon to know co2 (& methane) are harmful 
dear god this man is stupider than @BetsyDeVosED. God bless the world we need it
It's always so and so disputes the consensus, I wish one media outlet would simply point out in bullet points why Pruitt's wrong.
EPA Chief is a climate change denier trying to destroy his own agency
the biggest contributor of co is wind bags like you
this is horrible!
I'd like to know what his background as a scientist is that would qualify him to disagree with the majority of those that study it.
You know what? He's right. Nobel Prize-winning Physicist Freeman Dyson on the cult of global warming:
Top govt watchdog of environment doesn't accept basic science? People of conscience must speak out: climate change threatens #Creation
Please take a logic course. Your clip clearly includes his statement that "We don't know that yet."
@ScottPruittOK Make America Earthquake Again!
@AltAnalyst politically motivated ignorance, he can't be the head, he must be the ass.
Are you sure this wasn't accidentally a report from North Korea? #1984 #Trump
When am I going to wake up from this nightmare.
- 'Cause he got his science degree....where? #ClimateChangeIsReal
Scientists, all hope is lost. Create code so that next intelligent life form to evolve understands we did this to ourselves.
you're right, no correlation- nothing to see here
Pruitt is a national embarrassment. The man has sued the agency he now leads multiple times
your title makes many think he is right what's wrong with CNBC? Big oil anyone?
Spoken like a true $$ polluter.
Why else would he be against keeping air & water clean?
Hope his Grandbabies thank him someday.
@SierraClub Holy Bleep!
unbelievable. How many more scientists need to be involved. Did he forget about acid rain?
he prob thinks PFOA,led and coal ash are good for people too#banpfoa #cleansafewater #hoosick #releasetherecords
Why do we let these non-scientists speak with such authority on subjects with which they know nothing?
that isnt what the science says, so Pruitt undoubtably subscribes to an elaborate conspiracy theory as to why the scientists are lying
he judges scientists by his own standards, and assumes they'll say anything for money.
...but it is.
.@CNBC that is the biggest load of BS. There is NO debate regarding CO2's impact on CC. But your interviewer... : "ok"
"Tobacco has no harmful side effects, give it to worrisome expectant mothers to settle nerves." phillip morris ad on radio from '50s
@ProtectWinters hesus christo
@AltAnalyst I'm going with "the sun" being the source of global warming.
.@CNBC
DeVos @CNBC just lost her position as the biggest nutcase in Trump's Cabinet & Science Denier Pruitt just took over... 
SMDH!
#RESIST
@gmachrisc. This is the most dangerous  inept  administration ever ...
You rang? @TheMadBrand In New Earth.
NASAClimateScientist Dr P Sellers: "the ice is melting/Earth is warming/sea level is rising-those are facts" @EPAScottPruitt is wrong.
I guess Pruitt can not bash his friends in fossil industry so instead he is bashing all the scientists, nice one.
yeah, methane emissions as well. You know, natural gas. #fracking
Somehow Scott Pruitt know climate science better than 99% of scientists? Ok. Sure, buddy.
What @Shell knew in 1991, Mr. Pruitt is still denying. Empire's studied biocidal "ignorance."
@AllLeftNews Unqualified kook! An elementary school class knows more than this guy. Big Oil wins again.
he is horrible. Doesn't believe in climate change, as another dangerous fire breaks out in Colorado. '
these people are taking america back  few centuries
Science denier. How does he like the earthquakes in Oklahoma? Certainly man-made with fracking.
Well that's enraging: @EPA chief @ScottPruittOK says CO2 is not a primary contributor to global warming on @CNBC
OMG
Yet another Twatwaffle Trump puts in charge.
the earth will survive, unlike humans
Pruitt earns my respect w his analysis and clear talk! The EPA is in good hands...whew!
@SenWhitehouse Like saying Trump and crew did not collude with Russia to interfere with our election. #climatechange #Trumprussia
What a joke.  This guy is just dumb because he is comfortable in being ignorant
@ScottPruittOK the amount of shit that comes out of your mouth probably is #1 cause
"It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends upon his not understanding it." -Upton Sinclair
They are literally killing us all with these bullsh*t flat earth assertions. #ClimateChangeIsReal
@DaMinoshow #rollseyes #hasasthmaattack #leavesciencetoscientists @BillNye
not great bob
Two of the least intelligent men on the planet on at the same time.
Scott Pruitt is an experiment in Artificial Stupidity
a very successful one, i might add!
@EPAScottPruitt In review of his testimony it appears he perjured himself to the Senate as well. A crime w/ large penalty.
hes an idiot and a paid liar. #Resign
He knows more than all the scientists in the world.
OMG!
making seriously plans to leave this administration is going to kill all of us
...and were all dead in 4,3,2...
Mr.TRibe ~This is criminal Can we sue him for crimes against humanity. We have a right 2protect r earth vital for r health. @tribelaw
@GOP go from denying climate change bec they're not scientists, 2 denying science itself.Know what? Science doesn't care if u believe.
Oh, uh...Scott Pruit's a scientist?  I'm 100% sure he specializes in law
@SenWhitehouse why didn't you call him out on that bull?!!  It is definitely why and has been proven now!  Do your jobs people..
@SenWhitehouse does a class action lawsuit against guys like inhofe and Pruitt have any merit?
yes, must show harm such as increased disease, but can do probabilities of intended actions
@SenWhitehouse I'm thinking that Scott Pruit may be the "primary control knob"
certainly got the knob bit right.
Global warming is common knowledge to the entire world. One doesn't even have to read science reports anymore u can see it & feel it
Won't unmute this greedy heartless ass. Entire world knows bout global warming. He is but to bank big$for himself w/oil co. Rex& Putin
@SenWhitehouse instead of "says" how about "falsely claims"?
@EPAScottPruitt I BELIEVE your old $$$ makes you BELIEVE CO2 has no impact. Belief v science? Science wins everytime.  #climatechange
this is insanity.
Betsy D can clue him in... wait, No but Rick Perry can teach him...shit, not him. Oh, Ben Carson is reasonable, crap. Maybe Steve B...
. Did anyone ask Scott what planet he's been living on?
this is what happens when you mix greed and ignorance.
