Socialized Health Insurance is NOT an option. Too many would die on waiting lists for the few doctors who would continue to practice Med
seems the countries that have it in place are doing just fine and rank much higher in health care than we do.
Only if you enjoy sitting on a waiting list to have procedures done, and a shortage of Doctors.
so then what's the difference?  That's already happening here and then we still get dinged with inflated costs.
We are not a socialist country. Everyone works to get what they need. Keep govt out.
who pays for the police force,the roads,the schools, the military, medicaid, medicare,social security?govt in all
I'm not going to argue with you. People should work & pay for their own insurance. We are 20+ Trillion in debt. No handouts
Why does a difference in opinion and addressing it always equal an argument? This is why we are getting nowhere.
Wait a minute sir, you & @NancyPelosi are to blame for the catastrophe of the #ACA right now for millions of Americans. #politicalhypocrisy
I respectfully disagree. The govt had no business getting into the healthcare field at all. They have enough trouble governing effectively.
So you SUPPORT the bill???
I don't support any government, down with new world order. God is coming for the most rich
If you are waiting for god to fix this, makes sure you don't pay him first he's a bit of a no-show @TheGoodGodAbove
He doesn't take payments or credit cards sorry
Then why is he coming for the rich... he obviously wants their money 
The higher power we all have visions in our head of him are not accurate. God has no use for money
Something I will say to the parishioner when he comes by with that basket. Thanks!
You're going to be disappointed again. Just like when Hillary screwed you  out of victory.
that toilet is already clogged from all that KFC and meatloaf @realDonaldTrump is eating
Is "the bernie thrash" a new dance, or are you too dense to spell trash correctly?
They should make rolls of toilet paper out of it. That's all it's good for.
Yawn!
I pray it doesn't.
We all like free stuff...when will you stop lying so much Sanders?
Good!
Well said @BernieSanders !
why can't we demand state polls so senators know how constituents think?

Love the spirit of cooperation and compromise Bernie. You're just a #SoreLoser!  Ahh, on second thought, make that just a #loser
Your fav, oCare, should have gone there first. Sorry, but folk are NOT interested in your brand of health care. Take yours back to .
@watableness1980 come on Bernie you have good ideas. Quit falling into the Hillarian trap every time you open your mouth!
Poor Bernie, like you have a say at all
You sure talk like a big shot Bernie, too bad Hillary the crook beat up on you
Why don't you try to improve upon it instead of bad mouthing everything?  You need to retire. You are just pissed because you will have 1/2
@janeosanders How do you feel Jane about a Senate Committee with no female representation? We can do better than this today. #equalitycounts
So ur saying it should suffer a similar fate as aborted babies, which you leftists don't give a shit about?
#GOPFuckedUsAll
I'm going to hell for laughing at this... 
#ImSoSorry 
@watableness1980 why don't you work with your colleagues instead being a know it all?
Dude, climate change. At least recycle the paper.
I thought of this too and then I realized that we do not want this bill recycled. Not even on paper! BURNT yes- just not recycled.
Then reuse bruh. I'm sure it would make fine bird cage linings.
Even while working multiple jobs Will be unable to afford health care.  Wonder why I went back to school to be teacher at 50+
The same plan as the rest of us.
I think you're awesome and want to have you cloned We need more of the world to unite & help each other than divide & destroy one another 
Great, that health bill has the real death panels!
We hope so Bernie!!
Now this would've been a great President
Democratic socialism is not socialism.
You respond then block me? Man up you tiny child.
Uhuru. In.   Kenya
Solid
Exact same place Unaffordable Care Act should go.  But, no.  Dems will celebrate Private Insurance Enslavement as health care as right
Also unconscionable is your mother being responsible for making #studentdebt NON-DISCHARGEABLE. Google "student debt" to learn what it is.
Give it to me. I will shred it and feed it to my aunt's worm bin. Problem solved.
When does the Senate vote?
Senate cannot vote until there is a CBO score. So after recess, but GOP want to change the bill, meaning it goes back to House if passed
Can you do that? How will you go about it? (Sincerely interested - if anyone can answer that, fire away.)
This bill almost died in the House where the majority/minority disaparity margin is wider than the Senate. The Senate won't get the 51 votes
What are the actual chances it gets killed by Senate? Won't Republicans gang up and protect it so their President doesn't look bad?
They said they will write there own bill, but their not women. How will they know our needs and fight for us, they won't.
Women we have to rid of the all white man club and put some color, I said color. The white women do for whites they might as well be men.
Thank you for being the only one who really gets it! The problem with our healthcare is the health insurance companies
Shut up Bernie!
Thanks for being there, nice to know there is someone standing behind the people on the front lines.
I hope your right!
I will laugh if it gets through the senate! The only health care bill that needs to be flushed down the toilet or burned is Obama Care!!!
Can you go down the toilet with Obamacare as well? That is where it is headed.
Obamacare? is failing daily, with no one to turn to, even the Democratic/libers who refuse to see the mayhem forced down our throats.
Amen @SenSanders  thank you.
Well then U BETTER come up relief for the HUNDRED MILLION groaning under the costs of this evil venture & FAST. Enough of the posturing BS
Thanks for the eight billion to cover preexisting costs that's only 192 billion less then you will cost States can't afford it SNAKES LIARS
The free 800 bill only cuts out 24 million poor in elderly from being able to get anything. Check Ups are way cheaper than cancer treatments
TRUMP promised healthcare 4 all more benes cheaper prems and this is how he treats his voters this is only 800 Bill in free money 4 top 2%
That bill is a simple sign of the greedy soulless bought by corporations uncaring unfeeling we're above the people attitude of this house
Let's hope @SenSanders and tour socialist stupidity gets flushed down the history toilet by 2026
Thank goodness we have you
Obana care crushed under its own weight. Are you saying it's worse than that?
Two weeks ago you said you were about to introduce a single-payer for all bill. Where is it? #SinglePayer
Trump knows single payer is what's best for the people but would rather save insurance companies then people
Just like Trump wouldn't win the presidency..  Supreme Court nominee wouldn't pass..  no pipeline..  etc
@SenSanders @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @mike_pence @RepMiaLove. Bernie, if dems knew Obamacare was going to crash; why didn't they fix it
Oh you mean Obamacare don't you
Can't it go in the recycling: paper isn't it.  If not printed it could be archived on google drive and used for next Simpsons series
Such a big man spending other people's money
I didn't think it would pass on the house! What are we going to do to stop this train wreck?
Best news I've heard since the election. Thank you Senator Sanders. Maybe I'll sleep tonight. Bless You!
I am counting on you Sir..
Hope not!
Very good attitude, that shows how u feel about the American people Bernie. Thanks.
Thank you Bernie. Thank you for simply caring about the American people.
I really wish you were president
Expecting a @berniethought tweet soon:

DO NOT FLUSH THE REPUBLICAN HEALTH CARE BILL. PRINTER PAPER DOES NOT FLUSH WELL.
Bernie, from your lips to God's ears
Feel free to follow it.  #NoDNCLoveBernie
Praying you are right!!!
Says a guy who has never paid for his own health insurance, or his fair share in taxes. 13.5% indeed.
Run for President, we need you
Fake outrage, u admitted on campaign Ocare was in trouble but u did nothing to fix it during the last 8 years. Keep Dr keep plan! Lies
Support The Cunningham Plan 4 Universal Healthcare
Eliminate insurance company middlemen
Public/private partnerships
$100 month
You sir are a hero amongst men and give me hope for the future.
Thank you for having our back.
A lot of senators are gonna lose their FREE taxpayers paid healthcare and jobs if they do not back @SenSanders on this!
@Justin79Taylor Trump the Bern!!
I wish they would talk to those of us that work in the field of healthcare not those who are retired!
I'm holding you to that, Senator.
Agreed, because it's crap and that's what to do with crap!
Rightfully said
You are awesome 
What about recycled?? Thought you were for the environment berny wow
Is this because it's the republican bill or are you just opposed to the unwritten Senate version?
Bernie you really need to retire.
My father was executed in a Socialist country you all hope for this country to become. Insurance and healthcare are not the same thing.
Yay!
Flushed down the toilet? You're gonna clog the shitter and end up giving it more attention than it deserves.
This guy is in love with Trump
Try reading it and give an honest eval when done with specifics, not BS
https://www.theblaze.com/news/2017/05/06/federal-judge-orders-state-dept-to-release-clinton-emails-showing-what-obama-knew-about-benghazi/amp/ …
Really what have you've done nothing actually both sides haven't.  I am pushing to vote all of you out
Pls talk to your buddy Pat Toomey to say no. He's avoiding constituents & THs. @TuesdaysToomey @WhatsPatUpTo
Socialism.... what happens when you run out of other peoples money?
@SenSanders does not care. He will be dead by the time this happens.
I certainly hope not
So... in other words... you'll step back again and support it... Bend Over Bernie
Help us @BernieSanders!
Hell Yeah!
It needs to be Bernt!
Please senate save us from the IDIOTS who past this health care bill they don't care about anybody but thrmselves
Who are you?
Thank You! We can't let eight short years of progress be thrown away by greedy bigoted GOP.
How bout we flush you and your progressive ideals down the toilet. Oh wait, we did on nov 8th
Keep up the good fight, Senator
Did U support the Obama bill? Remember Obama stating we could keep the same doctor, same plan, & we would save $2,500 a year? Didn't happen!
#AmericaDumpCare
If it fails in the senate, that would be the best possible scenario for the #2018midterms. Go get 'em!
Go Bernie!! Stop this garbage from passing. We the people have spoken!! NO TO TRUMP CARE!!!
Thrown out then along with ALL the myriad H1b visa fraud schemes disenfranchising American workers and replacing them w foreigners.
Insurers find breathing air in small amts over time is connected with  many health issues and is now a considered a pre-existing condition.
Don't flush it down the toilet. Our water sources are already too polluted. Plus, those EPA cuts - @realDonaldTrump is trying to kill us all
So much of a has been communist jerk. Hillary lap dog!
I hope not, but it passed the House... I needed out of the United States like on Inauguration day.
Itdumpcare is nocare
Hoping not the common need a break in US not to specd more money we don,t have.We barely live @ all with all expenses thats necessary
Keep laughing at Trump's idiotic idea of health care and keep fighting.  We're with you!
Dear @SenSanders, if anyone can turn the house garbage into Universal Healthcare, you can. Your country is with you!
I hope you're right
Love you Bernie Sanders you're still my president and always will be
Obviously you have not read the bill. Obviously Mrs. Sanders needs to take a course in fraud prevention.

From your lips....
Then please PLEASE get the Senate to give us all Medicare! We're counting on you, Bernie! 
I make about $37000 a year and a mom. Right above the poverty line. There are many months i choose which bills are most important.
So in the eyes of republicans i don't need any help because I make over $30000. We've gone without heat, electric, and some weeks even food
Let me tell you how cold a Boston winter can get!!
Thank you @SenSanders for standing up for the poor and working Americans.
So in the eyes of republicans i don't need any help because I make over $30000. We've gone without heat, electric, and some weeks even food
Please recycle. I want less GOP trash on this planet.
Bernie, I dare you to mandate all congress healthcare to be provided by VA. You can get a close up look at govt healthcare
We must rally against this. Put pressure on every elected official to  this disastrous bill that half or more of them  haven't even read.
If it does, are you going to quit again, Bernie?

Thank you,Barry; God bless, Andy :-)
Fight for us, Senator!
You probably didn't read Obamacare bill either
You probably haven't read the bill
Yeah? I think it probably is...and your demagoguery fueled foolishness can't do much about it.
Burn it!
Why don't you just make yourself useful for a change and focus on what comes out of the Senate.
Bernie there will be a new health care bill passed
Then stay focused Bernie on the target and DON"T get distracted by MSM bs or baiting by the GOP to attack our own!
How do we get subliminal messages for single payer healthcare into the conversation for the 13 male GOP Senators? Asking for the country!
FU
WaPo rains Pinnochios on charge AHCA makes rape a pre-existing condition (notes 45+ states ban) https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/05/06/no-the-gop-health-bill-doesnt-classify-rape-or-sexual-assault-as-a-preexisting-condition/?tid=sm_tw&utm_term=.946e3a2f02d8 …
Totally Agree!
Thank You Senator Sanders! You Rock!!
Let's pray it doesn't get through.
Republican bill is almost as bad as ACA. Let it continue to fail I say. Bring on tax reform!
THANK YOU SO MUCH, from my entire family!! #BernThatBill #IAmAPreExistingCondition #SaveUsUncleBernie
Speaking of being flushed... I believed Clinton and her band of crooks flushed you. 
The one we have is pretty bad too, its nothing to brag about.
I asked on FB, "Why would people who don't even know  me want to kill me?" One friend: "Because they're Republicans." True?
How many decades hav u served @SenSanders ?
What've u done to out gov't member's taking big pharma & Ins provider bribes that raises cost?
You pretend 2 care about the people @SenSanders but how many bills to protect big pharma & allow forced vaccinations of our children did u
Whatever bill comes out of the Senate will be just as bad.
To the credit of our local congressmen  (all men) in PA and NJ, only 1, R & D voted yes. Some who voted yes didn't even read it.
And flush those who voted for the bill too!
Thank you for continuing to stand in the gap for everyone!
Nope, we must shoot it out into space. It's an environmental hazard!
I'm in Tennessee & contacting my Senator. It MUST NOT pass in the Senate. Thanks for your voice & support.
Largest premium hikes for benchmark #Obamacare plans:

AZ: 116%
OK: 69%
TN: 63%
MN: 59% 
AL: 58%
PA: 53%
NE: 51% 
MT: 44% 
KS: 42% 

#REPEAL
you need to be flushed down the toilet or throw it in the garbage Bernie
Yeah...and no recycling or repurposing it, Senate!! Recycling this piece of hazardous garbage would break down the system!
Everybody watch late night with Stephen Colbert.
I hope you are right.
Wake up man, you lost n Trump won. Just because he's better than you makes you think you can Slaggyford home office at every opportunity.
So true. The GOP tie themselves in knots about affordability, access, coverage when the answer is  national universal healthcare
State rights get in the way of justice in so many ways. The nation should be united unlike HC, slavery, Jim Crowe and bigotry.
