I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster, N.J.
He'll spend 1 minute on the subject & the rest of the time pointing out his Major win, his greatness and the Major Fake News
They are to blame.
Haven't touched heroin for 10+ yrs due to methadone trmt paid for by Medicaid!My 11yr old son has never seen a foster home!Medicaid!!!
Thank you for your support Debt!I love all your tweets!#resist
Deb!!!
Thank you for yours! I think your sharing is brave & will help others & I will proudly support you any way I can!!  #StrongerTogether
Nope - instead he'll divert funds to his buddy - Melvin Sembler http://www.thestraights.net/book 
Trumps Announcement was a major 'nothing burger! But the side order  of psychosis, narcissism and Hell Fire was quite unexpected!#DemForce
Dad shows up for all the games and skool plays!Teacher/parent nite a must!All cuz Medicaid pays for treatment!!!
Anything from DJT that's called a 'major briefing' is a laugh in itself. He doesn't know enough about any subject to offer real info.
Ohhhhh, it's "major". Can't miss this very important, life altering blather
"Old purple lips"??? Seriously racist comment. Why would you attack the way a person is born?
Are you on obamacare,maybe you need to be
- when will you talk about actual solutions? Obamacare has failed - all you can do is criticize the party that is trying to fix it.
Lol, most GOP senators voted for a bill that they DID NOT want to become law. Let that sink in, then we'll talk about stabilizing exchanges.
Better than dems like pellosi voting for a bill that they didn't read. Then telling people vote for it then read it.
Well that bill saved my sister so no complaints here.
Because you know so much about it, right? You have all the answers, right? Because you are so smart.
no he will push GOP to push another shitty RR bill and then tweet about how mean Mitch is..
Or cracking down on cannabis, which helps with opioid withdrawal? Their ignorance is dangerous!
Sadly, no, because he doesn't even know what Medicaid is.
Trump will never tell the truth about anything I don't understand how he is still in office
Shaming Trump and GOP is like pouring water on a duck`s back !
We all know that he thinks addicts are losers, regardless of any compassionate quotes being put out by Pence or the White House staff.
Compassionate pseudo-quotes, I should have said.
Putting aside personal opinions in order to represent the people. I prefer that to the zealots that only look out for themselves. #MAGA
in a non-secure room taxpayers are paying for him & his staff to meet & eat in despite the appropriate property located at camp david.
And not a damned thing we can do about it.
Oh Please! @realDonaldTrump+his clueless Posse will give these addicts 6 DAYS treatmentNEED 30 days min+ AA/NA 4
YEARS+WANT IT.BAD.
Oooohhhhh good one!
Gee, Chris. Will YOU be talking about why you're not supporting #singlepayer?
Boom.

Nothing but net
To be fair, I highly doubt he understands what Medicaid does.
It's all for show to con his base into thinking he is doing something
Trump's actions=Con / Hillary's words =Actions -- #LiberalLogic #MAGA
trump takes credit for everything, blame for nothing. Pompous know nothing, incompetent, incendiary dangerous demagogue. Impeach now.
He doesn't give a darn I mean big pharmaceutical companies have him in their back pocket
All bs..........we promoted the Afgans to keep planting their poppy fields...wth do you think it ended up at! @realDonaldTrump
Saving money is good, but not when it makes things worse--false economy!
And tell me Chris why is it the tax payers responsibility to treat the addicted
If something isn't working, throw more tax-payer money at it... "Perhaps there is another way," said no liberal ever. #Medicaid #MAGA
Why have a briefing?Should be a cpl funerals in the neighborhood!
What Trump means they is: My people tell me to take advantage of the Opioid crisis issue as an opportunity to pretend I care. Base loves it.
What Trump means: This is important to voters, so it is important to me. It is called representing the people. #MAGA
No he thinks he can get people to stop taking drugs all together.... always swinging for the fence
The Repubicants health plan is MediGut & also has the same ole plan that was B4..MedTillTheySayYouRanOutOfMoneyCareNowWhat
Seriously more arrests are not the answer...The war on drugs is a war on people..
Whenever Trump opens his mouth nothing remotely useful or intelligent comes out!
He's too busy set tripping with Kim Jong -un. I swear this fool @realDonaldTrump   will treat the Korea issue like bloods vs crips.
He doesn't know about what was proposed. Also won't know what he'll say, until he says it, then won't remember what he said anyway! Trifecta
Turns out he didn't spend much time talking about the opioid crisis. Not interested.
@realDonaldTrump will this conference take place from your golf cart?  #LazyBoyTrump #impeach
Like we know this man is really concerned about others well-being oh damn I made a funny
He should also be talking to China about the Fentanyl their shipping to citizens! It's the Fentanyl that's killing heroin addicts! STOP IT!
No thanks, got plans. Sesame Street is on.
Trump will be spouting the same bullshit he spouts on every topic which is meaningless self aggrandizing word salad
So I should pay for these addicts to receive treatment? I don't think so.
even that plan is bullshit
its no diff than tobacco industry also supplying cessation programs & STILL selling cigarettes at a premium
No but you'll be talking about how you used to be a senator
I hope he will bring up that it's most prominent in cities run by democrats. 
One has to want to get off opioids to get treatment ! The Medicaid numbers are not cut but not increasing every year!
Rampant IV drug use in beminster- ever since Trumpito came to power
You mean those things aren't mutually exclusive? 
No, he will blame President Obama and Sec. Clinton for everything, this guy has no solutions
Or how about making marijuana legal across the country so people don't have to take opioids for pain relief.
Talk to anyone that has to take pain meds, it usually starts with pain meds, the addiction is real but early intervention can help.
One of his best  shows ever. Rest assured guys, the opiad crisis is over because he told the kids it was not good. Please talk to youth 1/2
I bet nothing will come of it

"who knew opioids were so addictive??!?"
Thank you Mr. Murphy.
He will probably manage to blame Obama for the problem. Mark my words.
Even better Senator. He invented a new drug motto, a slogan, if you will. "Just don't start"  Is that genius or what ?
I know it'd hurt your pockets a bit but wouldn't it be great if everyone had healthcare
djt just making it worse. who doesnt want to live in alternate universe where you actually feel good, since about 7 months?
@realDonaldTrump He can't and won't because he has no clue what he is doing. It is beyond time to #ImpeachTrump he is unstable and unfit
Will it be during the chocolate cake?
Connecticut is close to NJ, you should go ask him instead of tweeting at him.
He doesn't care at all about anything or anybody all he cares about is money. Everything he's doing, will directly affect his bottom line.
Our POTUS believes in just telling kids that drugs are bad for them and telling addicts just to stop.
Did he use visual aids?
There's an iceberg straight ahead. Time to put down the throw pillows and deck furniture

@realDonaldTrump Hell no he won't, he will read another speech written by a Nazi!
Let's talk about Mental Health care and funding - strong link between MH and addiction issues -
@JoyAnnReid @realDonaldTrump exactly and they are not coming in over the Southern border  most R scripts
While we're at it, ask those Republican Senators who voted to support gutting Medicaid.
But first he needs to make a tee time
I *think* he'll be talking about his nothing-to-see-here-move-along program
So if drug addiction is called a CRISIS when it affects whites, what's it called when it hits black people--besides PRISON TIME, I mean?
His solution is more arrests & border control, no compassion for those already addicted!
@POTUS  @realDonaldTrump -would be interesting if you had at least half an idea what the outcomes would be of any of the agendas you push
Dems are a rehab program
Yes, for those poor souls who were fooled by #DontheCon and thought he would bring GOOD change. He's done ZERO but spend taxpayer $ golfing.
Huh?? Surely u jest.


Chelsea Clinton is trying to raise the anger level in America by re-tweeting trash like this.  Clintons should crawl back into their hole.
He's announcing an innovative program called Drug Abuse Resistance Education. Based on the idea that people just have to Say No To Drugs
Nailed it!
I hope his caddy isn't high
@Smith83K He will allows be snake oil salesman w/ development of a 5yr running a large mafia org hiding from his corruption
.His major announcement:  Just say No!
He took a page from Philippine president, but instead of hit squads, Trump...wants to withhold tx. Ohio sheriff refuses to allow tx for od
We are going to talk it out
Don't forget how hard Trump and Rubio have been working to implode ACA. Very very great etc...
No. He'll be talking about throwing people into already overcrowded jails.
Yippie! So glad I won't be listening. What "expert" do you think @realDonaldTrump will have for this one? A veterinarian?
I'm guessing not
Always remember your addiction was a choice.
Maybe we should talk about the President who wanted open boarders to let heroin in because he didn't give 2 shits about this epidemic.
The opioid crisis is a very real problem. Gutting Medicaid would have made it bigger. That's why we fought so hard to #SaveACA
Why not speak from N.H.? The hotbed of drug addiction so says The Big Stupid. Oh, you have an early tee time...
Will YOU talk about improving our job market so more people can get OFF Medicaid?!! Let @POTUS do his job so more people can do that.
Nope just telling everyone the should tell their kids "drugs are bad " and that will fix everything.
Sassy
Murphy you are misinformed.  That's Dems talking point.  Read the bill.
Does it matter! You'll bankrupt it like you do everything else in your Ponzi scheme govt. Find a BETTER WAY, do your job!!!!
Nope, chose to talk about being tough & how he wants to nuke North Korea. Bc Trump is the most diplomatic diplomat who ever diplomated ever.
Chris, psst-he doesn't actually know what Medicaid is...
Sick burn, Murphy!   Yes!
@SenatorCollins @SenBobCorker @SenTomCotton @LindseyGrahamSC @MikeLeeforUtah @SenDeanHeller @JerryMoran @lisamurkowski @RandPaul @cnn @BW
Legal cannabis will help
@realDonaldTrump never had a plan for healthcare or what to do when the combover grew down into his frontal lobe. #fireandfury #TrumpCare
Right? They need to decide if govt helps with health care or not.
Apparently, he wanted to talk about fire and fury ... 
Medicaid is a joke. A broken system that too many people take advantage of.
Making up stories #Resist @ChrisMurphyCT 
Medicaid has not gone away, and is not being denied for whoever needs it
#MAGA #Connecticut
First @ChrisMurphyCT trolls @VP, then fellow Senators, now @realDonaldTrump. Somebody send Chrissy a coloring book. @CTGOP #TooMuchFreeTime
God help us Chris!
No, we will be putting all efforts to criminalize addiction and ignore the recommendations of his own commission.
Medicaid=the program that got you hooked helps you get off! Win, win!
Nope. Just "drugs bad!"
Trump's whole policy will be increasing penalties/lengthier sentences for the disease of drug addiction. Sessions sees addicts as criminals
He doesn't give 1 shit
Why is his wife at the briefing?  So out of control.
Many young white adults n teens are dying every day from heroin overdoses
Yeah, no . Channeling Reagan, again - just say no .
Good question, ,@realDonaldTrump. How about an answer?
Now that we're about to engage in a nuclear war with NK, this might not be the time to discourage opiods. I might start on 'em pretty soon
Thanks for helping the suburb white  addiction crisys. When #globalmajority had it from Vietnam you sent them in prisons with no quam's
When the heroin was devastating the African American community there was no national crisis another reason people of color feel like we do
Maybe he'll discuss the parties he used to have where he supplied premium cocaine.
Ahhh no.
@realDonaldTrump  just tell them bad...really bad. Oy vey! That's the best you can come up with for this epidemic! Ridiculous! #GetHimOutNow
Chris, drumpf promised during his campaign that he was going to 'cure' the opioid problem & J-Rod's been on it. Get your popcorn ready 
Trumps needs an English lession. An opoid is a catagory of drug and used as he used it, the word should not be capitalized
While cutting various children's svc, note Ohio AG says 14,000 kids are in foster system because 1 or both parents are opioid addicts.
Is that on the back 9?
Even thou I'm from CT, I'm not a Murphy fan. Or politics in general.
But he nailed it w this statement
A seminar from the King of Hypocrisy.  How exciting for Fox Not News. Then can put on knee pads for the coverage
@realDonaldTrump Now I get why u dont like the WH, u can't  do/say what u really want w/o someone telling on u so u go 2 ur safe zones baby
The only major subject on his mind is Russia, and how to be like Putin.
Medicaid spending continues to balloon unsustainably as far as the eye can see. What r u talking about?  Oh...you're lying.
What moron #trump doesn't understand, will NEVER understand is that ppl have horrific PAIN so they turn 2 docs/get scripts/become addicted
Of course not! The biggest hypocrite on the planet! Makes no sense at all! 
@realDonaldTrump 

Taxpayer foots that one Chris.
Who cares, cause  I'll be doing something much more important than listening to this jackass like watching paint dry
Frickin brilliant question doll, bravo
sounds like no 1 in the Admin is coordinating with the party & theres no mutual agreement 2 do anything except Talk about a illogical agenda
Touché !
Hey Chris Why should Medicaid even be used for addiction treatment it was not set up to handle this problem.
Will you be raising the issues of root causes of ultimate addiction?  Because if not, you are a giant part of the problem
Let's see Trump's speech on opioid epidemic then is critical about health care
It's weird to be the token conservative white guy on the Supreme Court as @realDonaldTrump's ONLY accomplishment.
Did he have that meeting? Or was he too busy tweeting out bullshit
Where are those E-Mails?
Trump and GOP is one big contradiction. Americans suffer because of it!
Right Chris! Bet he doesn't say one word
No need... he has an even better idea. A remix of Nancy Reagan's Just Say No campaign.
Don't be stupid enough to use addictive substances and we won't have to make it a government problem. Think of that?
I'm pretty sure POTUS doesn't know what opioid addiction is, who's effected or how it's treated
Still waiting for ONE single accomplishment or solution to fix anything since you have been elected. You are nothing but an obstructionist
He has buddies who traffic drugs. Of course he's trying to combat addiction treatment.
"we are going to handle it". & the rest of the time on @HillaryClinton emails, how he is working & no golf & fake news. #fakepresidenttrump
Perhaps.. as that IS what the people voted for!! Less govt please. #MAGA
Will anyone in media ask that of him? No way. Give me some real reporters with some guts.
Bah, ha ha... bet u $10 he doesn't know that...
Probably won't mention that lil tid bit.
Nah; just gonna go on a North Korea rant threatening the H-bomb.
He'd gut anything to undo what someone else has set up. He's a DISASTER. Let him implode. POOF! All gone
Drag him
Oh Chris ... you're such a whiny little beach.
Or will he be talking about his Attorney General fighting against legitimate medical use of a fucking plant?
Did Jared write out your talking points with his crayons?
We have to teach the dangers or drugs in school all starts when we are kids
@realDonaldTrump 
DT be like, Ix Nay!
Legal cannabis would help this situation
Nope - he'll pose for a photo op and instead of saying "cheese" Trump will say "fire and fury like the world has never seen" to North Korea.
Will he bring up his own addiction to cocaine? Sniff! Sniff!
Hard to keep track of all the lies, one supposes.
I wonder on what hole this briefing will take place.

If President Trump was like obummer you all would be in jail rite now..and I mean all you liberals
Addiction treatment doesn't work. Kick them out on the street!
why the fuck should my tax dollars help some degenerate abuser? send my money to the Vets in a better healthcare system than Obamacare
Nice talking point...define "gutting Medicaid" U know that is Bullshit...
How can a person who knows nothing hold a major briefing?
Since he's a details guy I'm sure it'll get covered.
Thats the problem he doesn't think.
Opiate crisis in the US since we entered Afghanistan While the CIA controls the poppy farms it continues Just like 80's w/ coke & Nicaragua
NO OF COURSE NOT!!!!!!!!
I would rather read the script than look at and/or listen to juvenile lying con man cheater trump.
