Meanwhile, for the rest of the country? Threats to Medicare, Social Security, and programs middle-class Americans rely on.
Time to protest
must be anti republcn legal way to end gutting America, treasonous NONworkng Congress is wors than Russian attacks!
All of which benefits 45, his family and billionaire cronies. Hurts country. Plutocracy.
What's your point   the estate tax has robbed families of their hard earned property for ages   shameless robbery from hard working people
sheldon know if legal, surgeons NOT see if tumor is FUNGAL not cancer before cut, poison, radiate? turns out lots cant tell difference
Liberals love to talk about the 1% and robbing Americans of their hard earned dollars.
Because they want free stuff. Maybe it's time to protest the gibmes for a change we can believe in.
If we just cut government waste and improve economy the money spent on welfare will go down.
Abolish the estate tax now!
What will you have to say about this when another dem is in the White House? Turn a blind eye for 4 years until a rep is in again?
What?  You don't even make sense.
This tax reform starts w/middle class.  Median income is 50K, half of Americans earn 50K or less.  They will benefit by first 12K-24K free!
Probably not Senator. The top 1% are smart enough to have living trusts to avoid estate tax.
A more reasonable plan is The Fair Tax Bill S-18.
If you lobby your fellow senators for its passage, YOU will be a hero! #winwin
sir; Americans beaten stupid from constant gutting, traumatc shock permanent, must be defended til beatings stop, recovery complt
LOCK THEM UP@
Why should family have to sell their 100 year old farm to pay estate taxes? Taxes paid for purchase, annual property taxes, & income taxes.
What is our legal defens vs Trump & rich canniblsm of Americans?  No Supr Court motion to halt until sanity check &/or Muellr Investgtn?
Good for all your pals at SPS!
"Estate tax" = fee for the privilege of dying. Should never have existed in the 1st place. 
#EndTheDeathTax
While working class and poor pay for tax cuts for Trump and his kids
The poor don't pay taxes.
No trump/GOP agenda until Russian investigations are completed. Nothing, nada, nyet!
There was never a need to waste money on it because it lacks merit. Move on.
Understanding the Estate Tax is  Everyone's responsibility.  Its purpose is to avoid that great sucking sound we're hearing from the 1%.
Small business will benefit frm the lowest tax since 1931.  Loopholes like, carried interest R closed, not opened.  Covering your own wealth
BS!!! As a true small business owner and middle class American I call BS!!! They need to start paying their fare share! I'm sick of corp WF!
Pls stop it.
Estate is an appropriate counterbalance to the fact that capital concentrates itself in fewer and fewer hands. This BETTER NOT PASS.
The estate tax is double taxation and devastates farmers and small business.
And your point is? Americans should not have to build wealth to give it away in Taxes. You are out of your mind!
Extremely misleading and your comment is only designed for one purpose- divide.
1000% pay off for a few million in bribes.
Hey Sheldon why is there an estate tax in the first place?
Rubbish! Estate tax exemption benefits farmers & small businesses.The top 1% already have Pass through trusts. You are an illiterate moron!
Disgusting and not right! Fight against this!!!
Not surprised
It will never pass it's a death sentence yo the GOP
Of course, this is exactly what I’d expect from a GOP/Trump tax plan. The code is too complicated & needs to be replaced but not like this.
Grrrrrrr......
There you go... keep that class warfare going.. whatever sticks to the wall
So sad people are jealous of other people's wealth.
Socialism always fails. Let people and businesses keep their money to grow the economy.
Massive. All I see is the word “ass.”
We know your Baileys Beach Members love this plan!
It's all trickery! #Gaslighting And to simplify #POTUS is a compulsive liar & at what point does #Congress say ENOUGH?  #Complicity =#Guilty
I would suggest the same strategy that was done to kill his deathcare.
No one should have to pay estate tax. It's just wrong. What is wrong with You? You think people are stupid don't you?
Estate tax doesn't even dent the rich. They can cover it...it's the middle class that loses all inheritance from death tax burden
Small family business built over a lifetime worth more than 5 mil total value, but not much cash has to be sold to pay taxes. That's fair?
Do you have any idea the people who benefit from the estate tax that aren’t the 1%? For many people, the land is all they have! #wakeup

Obama had 8 yrs to help inner cities, blacks, what happened? He made it more about immigrants & Latinos- for votes?????
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah the same old s*** out of your mouth please little Shelton get a clue
The death tax is unconscionable whether you have money or not.
Just as Carlin predicted #realowners they own you. They want more for themselves and less for everyone else.
You and your party will because of your voting for bills I will post your voting stats yeas and nays
Anyone that believes the top 1% hasn’t figured out how to get around Estate Tax is an idiot. People hurt most by ET are Farmers.
This will benefit trumps children "bigly"
By the time you're dead, you've paid enough taxes on your assets. No to wealth redistribution plans. No to death tax. Stop money grabs

@realDonaldTrump wins!!! The reason he ran... other than world destruction!
Making the 1% even richer!  How much is enough?  I guess nobody knows because they still don't have enough.
How do we stop this?
Keep calling your senator. It works:-)
What exactly does congress do? This has been going on for years and there is still no common ground on these issues.  You run your mouth now
Gotta make sure they take care of that top 1%. 
A nation is judged on how well it takes care of it's obscenely rich.
Why does anyone have to pay a tax twice? That is unfair taxation, farmers should be able to pass there property to family without debt
because you can't take it with you...
