Thanks for having me on, @maddow!
Incredibly dissapointed in my Senator! Terrible appearance last night on Maddow. I'm infuriated by your normalizing what happened yesterday!
@oufenix chump change
Thank you for acknowledging that, @SenWhitehouse.  

What are YOU doing about it?  What are your @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP doing about it?
This is worse. Trump has committed espionage. He is trying to dismantle our democracy and overthrow the government.  Is no one seeing this?
He wants desperately to be the dictator in chief. He already holds the dicktaster in chief
It's as if Trump hasn't seen this movie before. And I know he didn't read the book.
Things coming out of the shadows. Exposing truths.
More unproductive partisan bloviating.
Back in Nixon's day there were respectable and responsible Republicans who cared about this nation..  That day is long gone.
Agree
Senator, I think your spell-checker misread your tweet. 

I think you meant “The whole stench…”
And it is another Republican
oh please - - 
u have no crime, no evidence, no witness, so - what exactly do we charge him with?
dems r so dishonest and dirty - losers
If you have the power to fire individuals charged with investigating you, you have too much power. Independent investigation or #REVOLT
#revolt #resist #refuse
We went past Watergate months ago.
I hope strong enough to impeach this unfit president
Not an echo;a magnification of Watergate.That was domestic interference.This seems 2 b foreign capitulation. #impeachandconvicttrump #resist
Rosenstein is no hero here, he's a pawn- Comey was getting close and you, Sir, are endorsing Trump's coup! Don't be so self righteous- 
This makes Watergate look like a cover-up of failure to pay a parking ticket.
@coton_luver Tru dat!!
Echo?! More like stench!
Anyone that can draw that conclusion is truly delusional, there is no correlation at all. Quit trying to reinvent history.
Someone called it Russiagate. It feels like it. I heard you earlier. We need more like you.
This is worse
Echo?? More like a stench
You're letting Trump et al. off way too easily with that comparison. Trump's conduct is far worse than Nixon's. Please don't oversimplify.
Don't just listen to the echo. Do something now. That's why you're in the senate.
Richardson resigned rather than help Nixon obstruct.Rosenstein wrote memo in bad faith that assists Trump obstruction. Big diff. for DOJ.
Where is Flynn wasn't he asking for immunity ? What happen with that ??!!!
#foxnews ya are still talking about Hillary! We want to know about Russia, Trump, Flynn and Coney! Stop trying to deversion to save Trump!!
Please forget about whether Comey was a bad or not.  It's about obstructing the Russian investigation.
@MaddowBlog That's right. We need a name for this. Remember,  Benghazi  is taken. Hmm...
@dcjohnson This is bigger and worse than Watergate.
The surveillance and unmasking of the opposition by the WH smells much more like Watergate.
8 million dollar cuts in medicade. Tax cuts for the rich in light of giving us excuses for Russia and Flynn, Comney. Sad
8 billion
I stand corrected , ty
Deconstruction of our democracy. The swamp is overflowing and it really stinks. Surely @POTUS Bannon put his 2 cents in.
I lived through the Watergate days and this #TrumpRussiaCollusion TOWERS above it by miles ! #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
We're counting on you, @SenWhitehouse  -  you've never let me down in the 27 years I've known you.
@MaddowBlog nope it's the Trump train steaming through...
think the phrase you were searching for is "stench of Watergate" #comeyfired #Trump
It was stunning (like a taser shot) 2 live thru #Watergate & #impeachment . Never thought it would repeat! .
Sen. Whitehouse was the best I congressman I heard today.
It's more than an echo
@MaddowBlog ..Although a foreign adversary was not involved.  This is much more serious.
this is a thousand times worse than Watergate
Except here, instead of resigning like Richardson, Atty General & his deputy helped Trump fire Comey and lied about why they were doing it.
But in fast forward
An echo linked up to a microphone and 100,000 watts of speakers
Look, you guys know damn well that trumps doing a lot of crooked stuff, time has come to do something about it. INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION
So clear.  Let's get the ball rolling.  This man is a lunatic.
Absolutely! Same  as Nixon firing Archibald,Cox was last straw to impeachment.
This isn't an echo, it's an explosion. I remember Watergate - this is orders of magnitude worse.
At least with Watergate Congressmen and senators were decent people. Make America great again? Do the right thing!!!
Thank you to @SenWhitehouse, for your perseverance. #Trumprussia #IndependentInvestigation #trumpgate #TheResistance
Do your duty.  "...all enemies, foreign or domestic."
Trump first decided to fire Comey and then ordered Rosenstein to find a reason to fire Comey. Rosenstein memo entirely written in bad faith.
This is at the very least conspiracy to collude w/a foreign power . At worst, treason! So Watergate or any other scandal doesn't come close.
Problem: Watergate had a 'tape' that turned the tide. Justice Dept. info is 'Classified'.  Look at Germany in the early 1930's.

Watching "The American Experience: Nixon". Hearing the same words/tactics used by #Nixon, as used by #Trump.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-fHSHbRvRY …

The #Trump Admin would do wise to sit down as a group, and watch a few *dozen* documentaries on, let's see...#NIXON!!

#Comey #ImpeachTrump
How complicated would it be to start impeachment proceedings?
I agree. Hillary destroying evidence and covering up her misdeeds are Nixonian. Glad you agree.
#watergate was intent when the #Dems contrived their lies and #Comey is up to his eyeballs in it.. echos of #Obama collusion
Watergate looks like water under the bridge compared to this. Nixon didn't fire the FBI director. We had more faith in our gov't.
generally, an echo isn't louder than the sound which caused it?
Except that Rosenstein wrote a memo--completely in bad faith-- to justify firing Comey instead of resigning like Elliott Richardson did.
Skip the pardon.
Thank you sir.  Looking to you and ur colleagues to get to the bottom of this quickly as our democracy is in danger
and the right thing happened in the end. Not so sure that will be the case here. #impeachTrump
Let's hear you ask for an independent/special committee.
Trump's concocted ex post facto explanation for firing Comey today smells worse than Denmark fish wrap

Sir, what will you do about it?
Watergate?There was no Russian mafia involved in Watergate.That was child's play! Can't believe anyone would compare Trump/Russia 2Watergate
well done on @maddow ! What a cluster.
True. Not being old enough to remember Watergate is no excuse, folks. Read about the Saturday night massacre - not to be confused with SNL
I'm disappointed in your Maddow segment. You could have used your voice to condemn the abuse of power. Timing is everything!!
You think?!? Try carbon copy!
This will put Watergate to shame.
Great interview on @maddow Making #RhodeIsland & the country proud!
Yep - you got that right!
- impeach!
