DT lied, Sessions lied, Rosenstein lied, Kellyanne lied, Spicer lied, Sarah Huckabee lied. Who do we fire first? #ResistTrump #ImpeachTrump
He did a crappy job, both Dems and Repubs have been calling for him to be fired for last 7months. What's the problem?
The circumstances are the problem. Trump's lying again and insisting his staff does too. What a fucked up boss.
Whatever. Dems complaining now were demanding for his firing couple months ago. But that's fine as long as we don't talk about Susan Rice.
You don't give a crap that the potus is a lying sack of shit but you're concerned about Susan Rice? You're a very forgiving lover.
What did he lie about?
Um, today?
Like I said. YOU GOT NOTHING!!!
Date or subject? His lies are too numerous to list. The whole world knows it. He's making the joke heard around the .
Please return to the lies of Jeff Sessions. He is in such a powerful position to assist Trump. He is compromised by the lies - Russ meeting

Do your Constituents know @POTUS BANNED our Media at his meeting with Russia's Lavrov but let the Russian Media in? 

#WTF is up with that?
But you still support "Lyin' Ted" Cruz, I  see. #hypocrite #GOP
I'll spell it out. You also support djt, who has openly called TC a liar, among other things. Is TCS a liar? Or did djt lie about him?
Is this Russian Troll still spewing Putin propaganda?  
President doesn't owe u all an explanation although he was kind enough to put one out there.  Read the news!!
Oh he owes us many explanations. Don't be taken by him Sylvia. He's well practiced. Think used car salesman. Sorry  used car salesmen!
Your "warning" to me about POTUS is condescending and way off the mark. Obviously, u think all Hispanics r tied into the liberal propaganda.
Are you Hispanic? I thought you were Latina. Sorry, my mistake.
AMERICAN OF PUERTO RICAN ANCESTRY TO BE EXACT!!!!
Por qué me estás gritando?
Not yelling. We just have ideological/political differences.  Product of system and I know how system is designed to keep one dependent.
How? What system? And just so you know writing in CAPS is shouting in Twitter world.
This country is looking bad.  The world is watching.  France wouldn't put up with it, why should we?  #TrumpRussia
Have you been to  ? Do you know  people? Do you know that many  people are Muslims? Can you name 3 past  leaders? Btw are you ?
 = angry
How do you know they were paid by Soros?
better meet their demands or they'll fall on the floor and hold their breathe.
I agree with @SenSchumer and @SenWhitehouse  I am sure most voters do as well
Oh Sue, it's that bad? Did Daddy miss a few too many dance recitals?
Actual work like teaching?  I thought you were a nurse anyway.
we need to come together as a Country, this is dictatorship in the making
you guys give the term knit picker new meaning. #chasinghotair
Even though your party asked for it...wow..hypocrties
When President Clinton fired his AG Where was all the democrats?
He serves at the pleasure of the President, so there is NO reason for it. Keep wasting more tax payer money and having tantrums.
Ask Reid, sanders, Hillary & many many other dems. They wanted Comleys head a few months ago. Same ole boring political game. Makes me sick
Blah blah blah
This is clearly an executive branch decision - crooked congress has no say.
Clapper told you in committee, there is no Russian connection W/President Trump.  Clapper is a Obama appointee.  How many times must U hear
U praised him, then u libs loathed him, & now u r pissed he was fired 4 a shitty jobs that law enforcement wanted him out. Make up ur minds
They wanted him gone, now they whine about it bc they hate Trump and hilary lost
"The only thing worse than a liar is a liar who is also a hypocrite."
--Tennessee Williams
Flashback: That Time The Obama Administration Spent Hundreds Of Thousands Of Dollars To Defeat Benjamin Netanyahu
Please name 1 Russian who was involved w/ Tinfoil Russian Brigade? I'm sure they are beating down the door w/ story? No? Oh yeah...#false
U DEMOCRATS IN SENATE HAVENT DONE ONE GOOD THING FOR WORKING AMERICANS, U ONLY HELP WELFARE COLLECTING BUMS & DISEASE CARRYING ILLEGALS!
I agree you should be brought up for treason....IRAN DEAL=Treason Beghazi = Treason IRS came after Conservative...U R Pathetic
Why separately? You didn't do that with FBI Comey&NSA nor with Clapper& Yates. Why now?

Fake Russian Collusion narrative and you know it
You all need to stop work, demand special prosecutor, and scream bloody murder for ppl to make noise. We all know why comey was fired.
Mr Whitehouse, if you recall, Mr Comey investigated Clinton and spoke publicly of all she did, nothing. Russia, 5 months, nothing. Reason???
The president does not have to justify the firing to or the rest of you Dems.  Stop bellyaching
What democrap
Come on quit acting like a child, oh excuse me my children make more sense than you who there assuming to running this country. God Bless!
Where is the Hillary Clinton investigation?  HYPOCRITES....
Stop undermining the constitution. Step aside and allow Trump to #MAGA. 
I can brief you 10m ago Obama should have fired him. Trump in office AG Sessions recused Dep Atty Gen confirmed Comey Fired  JOB DONE!
Comey’s firing came as investigators stepped up Russia probe http://ln.is/www.wsj.com/articles/qkRnZ … via @WSJ
You are as delusional as Schumer!
Schumer is Evil Sheldon and you know it.
Either they will not brief you or if they do it will be a joke as per rationale and/or reliability of info.
All you need to know is that he is not the head of the FBI any more.
Thank you so much, Senators.
Did Clinton briefed you when he did it
Maybe schumers daughter should suck her daddy off. He is unstablle. #blowyourdemdad
See only dems can do it. Reps... fight back.
He's fired. You need a briefing?
Nunya

Maybe you should meet with Kislyak again?
They will just lie....
@pinkspider4evr @SenSchumer That's great to bad the gate keeper don't feel that way we might actually find out the truth
So is this happening ???
Oh really , he should have been fired along time ago! Your all a bunch of hypocrites ' disgrace to our country!
Not to mention the spying on of American citizens for political gain and the leaking of classified info by the Obama administration to press
I agree and I think subpoenas for everyone should be going out next week! Let's get to the bottom of the leaking of classified info
So the letters that explained it all clearly weren't understandable? Please get on with running the country and stop wasting time.
you guys are a god dam joke! Think I give a shit about this! We are trying to work save feed families! Fire u all
Whitehouse AND Feinstein MUST STOP Going On Camera and saying NO SP!! SAY WANT SP THAT TAKES FBI INVESTIGATION AS BASIS!!CA needs Sen Schiff
So have you been in a coma for the past 3.5 years? One mishap after another? Wow...we do need to drain the swamp!
And Senate should question Comey behind closed doors about what he knows so far. Before it's lost.
Band together and demand it!!!!!!
Yes, as in first thing tomorrow!
GOP is not seeing the forest for the trees. Checks & balances are gone. They put Trump above law #Corruption  https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/474134260149157888 … …
Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?
Sessions #perjury - lock him up
McConnell #RussianCollusion #obstructionofjustice
DESTROY THE TRAITOROUS TRUMP ADMINISTRATION AND REPUBLICAN PARTY - NO MERCY
This whole firing is a joke. Trump is guilty of treason.
Furthermore, Comey's misdeeds R and order of Magnitude > than Sessions. Comey failed to enforce Fed Laws
Comey needs to be investigated.  He hurt Hillary more than WikiLeaks.

How Much Did Comey Hurt Clinton's Chances?
I agree totally & ran a horrid campaign.  But was wrong for FBI to go public regarding anyone's investigation.  Comey influenced election
How about doing this TODAY?
make up your mind. I hope you don't agree with the decision not to fire the liar Coney
How about why us press was shit out of WH Russian mtg today?
Cry like Schumer! That's all democrats know how to do. Never do anything to help American people. They take more away then give us real bad!
Now ur upset he got fired. You two are the most hypocritical politicians I have ever heard speak. I have an idea why don't you resign!!
Worked on any legislation lately.  or, did you really think when Trump was elected your only role was to play reality drama queens.
You look familiar Toni. Have we met?
Coup in progress.Time to talk #ConstitutionalConvention @SenWarren @SenSanders @NancyPelosi @POTUS44 @GeorgeHWBush @billclinton @MittRomney
a previous coup attempt
I don't see that it makes any difference, he violated his job requirements!! Period!!
You two make me laugh. When Comey announced no charges against Hillary you were happy. Then when he reopened it u wanted his head on pole.
When all is said and done, if you honor the Constitution and fight for justice, integrity, and fairness, you are being a patriotic American.
Facts or alternative facts? The USA is the first and so the greatest country in the world to have real alternative facts. It's  true!
Mr Whitehouse, why not read the memo?
the leaks and unmasking is what we want investigated!
we the people agree that their is no investigation to spend our money on ! It's over!
Who's setting up the meeting?  Great!

What about McConnell and his "I will obstruct" never ending crap???
Read my new column,n for @Newsweek: James Comey is unfit for public service and must be fired. http://www.newsweek.com/fbi-director-james-comey-unfit-public-service-517815 … …
Will they even tell the truth though? Probably getting their stories together as we tweet.
If Senator Whitehouse were ever President.
We could say:
"President Whitehouse is in the Whitehouse"

But yes, do that, please!!
Demand Chuck Schumer start working for the people.  Fix health coverage and taxes  and stop this obstruction behavior
#IndependentInvestigationNow 
#SpecialProsecutorNow
The President has held the power to appoint and dismiss the director of the FBI at his or her discretion since 1968.
Although, he did not act alone....he did not fire him until AFTER the recommendation of Comey's superior.
I would love that.  You could also testify as to why Dems wanted Comey out as well
  
"Many Democrats now view Comey as more of a partisan operative than a straight shooter."  http://thehill.com/homenews/house/315968-dems-indignant-as-comey-keeps-his-job … …
We need them to testify under oath.
Why the potus can fire anyone he wants
You should also spend more$ to check his fecal matter to see if he consumed Russian dressing! Shameful!
And the the AG needs to walk out and never go back to his job again.
Why would he do that? You people on this thread are so weird. Detached from reality.
@Bhawksfan84 @SenSchumer apparently little known secret....Flynn is key to taking down trump
What key is that? More fake news.
I do too before the facts have a chance to change. Funny how memories disappear when convenient
And stress separately!
But won't they lie? Come on Sessions is part of the cover-up!
Are you the same people that wanted his resignation?
And the Senate will take what the AG and Deputy AG say to the bank... right ?
Excellent idea
Yes and they should look into HRC too!
Yes please.
I know most of us Americans feel the same.  I am appalled that 45 thinks he can get away with this.  Impeach him Now.
What is he "getting away with"? He fired a guy that both Dems and repubs thought was incompetent and proved it time and time again.
Good, because on Maddow last night you seemed to carry the White House's water on the Comey firing.
Pleas insist!  The country is in dismay and counting on your leadership. We all need answers
Senators, there r Repubs making Twitter noises that might be amenable to taking action. Please talk to them & get something real started!
AG Sessions should also RESIGN!!!! He has not recused himself from #TrumpRussia as he states he would. This is a clear cover-up.
Keep up the pressure
What pressure? Am I missing something?
#Politics!!!
I completely disagree. We don't need to create more drama on top of the already existing; created by @SenSchumer and the rest crime family
if he had been fired 6 months ago would u have called for a briefing? America knows the answer to that already!
Dems just cry and cry and cry...
Please do this. Who has all of Comey's info?  Who is protecting the information?
All politics. Can we get down to more important thing
OUR NATION IS COMPROMISED AT THE HIGHEST LEVEL. PLEASE DO SOMETHING.
U know what they say hope in one hand and cr@p in the other see which fills up 1st

Is Comey still going to testify tomorrow?
Nope no longer director
Yes, but will he testify as private citizen? Like Sally did.
No way to know yet I hear both Republican and Dem leaders of probe invites him.  No word on results
enough talk, MORE ACTION.
Under fucking oath.
Yea right...as if being under oath has ever prevented people from lying through their term...I m an look at Hillary!!!  Smh
Yes, please!
Yes
Demand it or walk out
not that they care about oaths...
