Tired of your lies. You must not have listened very well to the entire speeches.
Remiond Trump that this is the only proper way to display a Nazi flag by Americans, not by encouraging what happened last Sat in VA.
Your deeply disturbed alright,
Why are you surprised, the Trump family has a well documented history of racism

That's strange last public official I seen clapping like that it's a dictator in North Korea

Third line of graphic should be "You're". Otherwise, well done.
I didn't make it, but I appreciate that someone did...besides, those it is directed toward have never noticed the error.
Wonderful @SenWhitehouse. How soon can we expect your resignation from Baileys Beach Club? Ya know, the whites only club you're a member of.
You preach hate and lead to threats like the one from the missouri state senator.
@SenateDems @SenateDems #ImpeachTrump

Trump and his Dad, former KKK member, have a well documented history of racism
Time to put an end to this fake president
Enough talking
Trump is mentally ill & #1 threat to America
#ImpeachTrumpNow  
#25thAmendmentNow
Pictures as these of false happenings isn't good for anyone in history.
We are all disturbed but you guys sit in the WhiteHouse and you must and can do something about it!
So what I'm hearing you say is that when you return from vacation you'll begin impeachment proceedings.
Ridiculous claim.  Trump has denounced 1000 times.  Is that not enough for you?
#ImpeachTrump #25thAmendment
Your GOP colleagues need to remember their oath to protect our country against enemies foreign & domestic. POTUS is our domestic enemy.
Sir, what are you going to do about it?  You are brave enough to name the problem, now please help us eradicate it.
Only @GOP can initiate this... don't hold your breath.
The world is watching. We should all be ashamed.

You defended BLM marching down the streets saying cops must die after they assasinated five of them. You are what is wrong with this country
Encouraging outrage and destruction in the streets is Sick from the Democratic party. Fact
Deeply disturbed is not enough. We have had enough words to describe DT. We need action to put an end to his ill-gotten position.
You won't remove mount Rushmore with the slave owner because that makes lots of money. Says a friend.
Charlottesville Police Come Forward: We Were Told to “STAND DOWN” to Ignite Race War (Video) NO EXCUSES FOR THIS. DEMS= LIES
If you listen this clearly, God help us when you vote. Is this how you listen on the floor?


He is not defending anyone. You are twisting the entire incident. Stop throwing fuel to fire Senator. You are being divisive. Please stop!
A real Senator steps up to the plate. Thank you sir!
Senate needs to step up, work across party lines, put country first & provide leadership & character lacking in WH.
There must be something the Senate can do now that we know Nazis have control of the White House
@SenateDems. Why is everyone so surprised?
Well said, thank you.
Not one of you democrats has shown any discourse towards this! Support anarchy!
Sheldon  Hillary  PRAISED  KKK Sen Robert Byrd (D)  "He's My MENTOR ~ WILL YOU DENOUNCE @HillaryClinton 
Ivanka Trump is Jewish you can't be serious
I heard him denounce those groups 3 times, one of them naming names. Your ignorance is showing.

May be if politicians like you were just as disturbed about healthcare we the people of America would have universal healthcare now
Then it's time to DO something, Senator.
You Liar, he said Nothing and did nothing to indicate that!!! Go Back to your Fake Climate change!
Thank you for speaking out against the President. It is now time for action. We do not have a leader, so please, remove the title.
The lies you and your party and press corps continue to spread are ultimately going to spin entirely out of control, what then?
Anyone who claims he defended neo-Nazis and white supremacists either didn't listen to the whole speech or is just telling lies.
Thank You. I am a Virginian and it breaks my heart to such trash in my state. We don't support such Hate .Nazism has no place in our Country
Trump needs to be removed from office. He is not for Democracy.
It's hard to put into words how you are assuming the president is condemning this. We all see the truth, but please keep distracting us.
Trump's meeting with Pence at camp David this weekend, either to resign or start a civil war with his KKK army of idiots.
Liberals are mental!
Senator, it is time to #censuretrump
Ok! Good thing we don't have a president like that then!
He is unsuited to the job. Some might say he's, "out of his element".
Impeach
Well said
Senator, he’s embarrassing and ruining our country. Words aren’t enough. We need you to work to #ImpeachTrump now. NOW
STOP WITH SOCIAL MEDIA, go back to DC n formulate a DNC UNIFIED OPPOSITION TO TRAITOR TRUMP.
Thank you for the firm statement. Please now take some firm action. At the very least officially censure 45. Let the world know he does 1/2
not speak for the American people or the US government. Otherwise your words are empty and completely ineffective.  2/2
#CensureTrump
Thank you for your strong and pointed condemnation of Nazism, white supremacists and Donald Trump who is their cheerleader. Impeach Trump.
So,what are you and the other Senators going to do about getting this maniac out.
U r nonsence.
Looking 4 votes.
We denounce Kkk and their hate group
We know u r all behind it.
The FBI will expose u when they complete it
THEN IMPEACH HIM
#25thamendment 
CENSURE HIM HEAVILY
@TheDemocrats @GOP @greta @billoreilly

What will you do to correct it?
Thank you Senator Whitehouse for speaking out against what is so wrong.  
Then do something about it - please sign the formal censure bill!
It's called TREASON!
It would serve our country well to craft written declaration condemning Trump's comments and signed by each member of Congress.
The words you are looking for are: Trump must be removed from office now!
And, are you ready to do something about it, Senator? #ImpeachTrumpNow
Trump's support for bigotry and racism should come as no surprise, considering his own personal ties to the KKK.
That's BS and a big stretch
will #SheldonWhitehouse denounce #racist #Democrats who destroyed #AfricanAmerican families to control their VOTES ?
That man is not preserving, protecting, or upholding the Constitution.  Get Congress to step up and remove him.  NOW!!
The left wing march to sterilaze our cultural history to facilitate their propogation of their "pure" ideoplogies.
You need to tell the truth, demoncrat. Millions of White American Men died to free the Africans, and twice free the world.
-Sheldon your head must be up somewhere where you can't hear well! Your  politicized brain cannot even comprehend the TRUTH!!
All I hear are words. Stupid empty words.

Faith without action is dead.
You are spreading a lie to divide this country and only because we have so many young impressionable liberals listening it is working. Stop
#wethepeople know THE TRUTH 

KKK started w @DNC 2stop

 blacks frm voting than civil rights

Beat them on the streets
yes u are a shame

.
yes nice but we no longer care how "disturbed" you are. we get it bc we are disturbed too. What are you going to stop him? #censuretrump
Thank you for your statement. Please work now and every day toward removing this disaster of a president.
He did not defend them
#censuretrump
Thank you for standing up!
Shame on you for posturing and inciting more discourse. @POTUS may not have condemned like you, but he did! Tweeting will not help. Action.
Donald J Trump supports Radical White Supremacists-Nazis. If you are afraid to say it by name, how can you stand against it?
And @POTUS can only defend them by saying the “other side” is just as bad. (Which is the only time he stops talking about himself.)
It would be wrong NOT TO IMPEACH.  IMPEACH NOW.
He's a Nazi. Daddy was a Nazi. Mom should have swallowed.
Thank you Sen. Whitehouse. Now...Go and put a motion forward to impeach the President Of The United States. It would be wrong not to.
Call for impeachment!
Go to doctor and have hearing checked. He never defended them.
So sad to hear the baseless spin rhetoric based on political gain. Both you and your republican counterparts should be embarrassed  yea you
THEN DO SOMETHING!!!
It's abhorrent at best and penetrates the soul with sorrow. His words and actions will be met with absolute resistance.
Wow really? He condemned all hate groups and forms of Supremacy on Saturday. You are above this Mr Senator. Fight the good fight. 1blood
take action, Senator. call for the House to #ImpeachTrump.
Yep. Get Ryan to something for the country over his GO friggin P!!
Don't need words;NEED TO ACT! Time 2 build Dem-GOP coalition to #impeachtrump & convict #russiagate #Mueller #trumptaxes OR #25thAmendment
Let me help you: #IMPEACHMENT #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller #RI has huge history of #WhiteSupremacy. #OwnIt #DestroyTheRemnants
Is censure not a viable option? Surely there are enough GOP senators disgusted enough for a simple majority.
The pivotal question is: are there @SenateGOP who actually have spines? Not much evidence so far that  @GOP isn't morally bankrupt.
Senator, yesterday I was disturbed, today I'm "ready to drink under the desk disturbed"... you'll see the difference here:
So what will you do about it??
Nicely said
Imagine (and I know you do) typical Americans all across our country who are now angry and terrified. We can't draft articles of impeachment
How about the ones we not only defended, but ARMED in Ukraine? Does that bother you?
Yes yes it does
It's hard to put into words how deeply disturbed I am to have a senator who defends BLM and ANTI-FA.
Very disturbing indeed!!
Band of Brothers binge watch coming on
We all are disgusted! Wish Congress would do something other than talk!!!
I heard how Prez Trump condemns them. You need to get your ears looked at.
I saw how wooden he was during the teleprompted speech and how empassioned he was off the cuff. You need to get your eyes looked at.
It must be rough to go through life so ignorant. Have a nice day.
Sweetie, you're the ignorant one in this conversation. You support a blatantly racist POTUS. That's on you.
Trump needs to be removed, impeached. Done away with. He is not fit for office and he is not fit to represent the people of the USA.
LIE LIE LIE!!!!!!
"It's hard (read: impossible) to put into words" @AONNRecords
Think again https://www.allenbwest.com/2017/08/15/cover-heres-media-wont-say-charlottesvilles-protest-organizer/ …
BOT. Blocked.
