Everyone believes Trump is the greatest threat to America, which is partly true. The true threat taking over America is the Koch Bros.
Hmmm isn't Russia a worse bad actor than the Koch's? Hard to say but I will say Russia is worse. They want to see America burn.
The Koch Bros have a network of influence throughout the country. They want to leave it a scorched waste land squeezed dry of every cent!
Does their economic fortune rise with America's as some level? 

Russia would love to see USA be the next USSR.
Trust me, the Koch's want it all. I worked for them. This is Trump's and the Koch's idea of paradise.
Well, actually they'll be dead of old age, but I get your point.
Those 2 brothers are too evil to die. But their network of political monies and organizations will be just as hard to take down as they are.
Get over yourself.  Global warming is a hoax designed to keep you in chains.  Wake up
You are correct on all counts and if we are to succeed we must stop big money  like Koch bros and Breitbart
Koch runs the whole legislative, industry and propaganda op. Now controls the exec branch.
It's all about how much $$$$ he can make and how much his cronies can make.  CORRUPT
Sigh......
P45's Russian dictated goal is to undermine our democracy, strength, as world leader, and undermine western alliances....
Truth.
Not even the fossil fuel industry. I have seen reported that Exxon, Chevron, BP advocated FOR the agreement.
And the rest of his party stand around watching, hoping to gain some little nugget, all while we ignore this threat to our future.
@SenWhitehouse you left Russia and Saudi Arabia off that list...

@billmckibben @SouBundanga @EthonRaptor
You're irrational.
Please make sure Senate blocks all sale of federal lands. No fracking or drilling on federal lands!
Sorry sir, this is all and ONLY about Obama. Trump is trying to erase him from history.
I feel like that as well. I believe that he'll try to undo every single thing Obama did, even if it's really benefiting the U.S.
Finally Putting People First, Rather Than Last @BarackObama Brings In The Muslim Brother Hood, Think That Helped?#MAGA
PRESIDENT TRUMP/PENCE & TEAM IS GOING TO BE THE BEST THING THAT EVER HAPPENED TO THE WORLD =NOT JUST AMERICA.
You realize the fossil fuel industry asked him to stay in the Paris Agreement right??? May want to fact check that
Impeach Trump
Well said!
Help us Sen. Whitehouse! Stop this lying monster from killing us all.
Lying? About?
WEATHER MODIFICATION IS CAUSING CLIMATE CHANGE- NOT CARBON FOOTPRINT & IF SO WE SHOULD BREAK AWAY FROM FOSSIL FUELS
@ShaunKing @POTUS And the GOP enables him.

Says he who takes money from Soros
How will this guy help the 1.1 million people that would have  lost their jobs in the US if we stayed in the Paris ACCORD?
What is a carbon molecule? Were carbon molecules around thousands of years before human industrialization? Please explain.
Oh, so he is a puppet! Poor Donnie. President Bannon needs to fire him.
Mercer and Russia.
What do I keep telling you all about Sheldon Whitehouse? This dude is legit AF. Anybody else thinking about #Whitehouse2020?
I absolutely agree!! :)
Senator...PLEASE...start your press statements w "Sen."...it's too confusing ;)   Oh..and keep up the good work #Resist
.@SenatorFischer .@SenSasse .@DonJBacon and it's business as usual for you 3 with a side of "troubled" from Sasse
Putin wants the price of oil to rise.  His economy depends upon it.
Bow to the King of Slime, the King of Filth, the King of Putrescence. Boo. Boo. Rubbish. Filth. Slime. Muck. Boo. Boo. Boo.
Then divest your state retirement and banking out of fossil fuels and coal & into green tech. #ActionsAreForLeaders
Agreed!
You forgot the young earth evangelicals
#LETSMAKETRUMPIRRELEVANT
#LETSMAKETRUMPIRRELEVANT
#LETSMAKETRUMPIRRELEVANT

Destroy his empire with RICO, then send his sorry ass to prison

No it's deeper. Russia wants climate change. Opens up drilling in arctic. Where they've positioned for war. Not kidding. Go look
Agreed, Senator. However, you left out Pres Steve Bannon.
#rosneft #trumpputin #exxonrosneft #trumprussia #deals #corruption #profitfromclimatechange #corruption #darkness #darkmen @wsj @nytimes@msn
Thank you for speaking out.
You know this can raise such an alarm... Just the name itself!
Just because they are denying the sun doesn't mean it still doesn't show up every morning
Any lawyers out there? How about a class action lawsuit with a few billion plaintiffs.
Don't forget the Mercers and Russia.
Now you're talking 
You betrayed RI by wasting 168 speeches on climate! We need jobs and a better economy!. Not Democrat talking points! #MAGA @NewportLost

China urges US to pull THAADs out of South Korea after secretive deployment https://www.rt.com/news/390522-china-us-thaad-south-korea/ …
So sorry this has happened. Hope the Senate can help. Know you will do all you can. Behind you and other sane people!
I'm in tears
No he's putting Americans first!
Fuck the Koch brothers and their #DarkMoney
what's in for the ? DT is listing the problems.
How about being a global leader for the good of the world in energy innovation?
Great idea but the agreement must be equitable. Americans need jobs & don't want there tax  like this
Solar and wind energy jobs are one of the fastest growing sectors right now & the Paris agreement was fair given our status economically 1/
It need not be equitable to be fair...
(Also - think you meant their)
Domestic policy is not dictated by other country's.We should share tech lead by example not with are billfold.
Agreed, but being the biggest most powerful country in the world means we should lead by example
The scientific data used to promote Global Warming was false, many,many scientists have testified to this fact. Trump is doing right thing
While I'm NOT suggesting that @POTUS would ever lie, @BreitbartNews & @realDonaldTrump are the ONLY ones he's in service to
Total bullshit, pal. Time for you to goi.
If only we could open minds instead of mines.
We have elected a man not qualified to run this country. #PleaseStandBy To the world, please support us while we are down.
