Cannot wait to recast my vote for Mr Trump in 2020.
Trump is crazy!
@realdonaldtrump If there is a God in the Heavens, Time is NOW for Trump to be ousted from office!
Exactly! Trump takes dumbness to a whole level not seeing effects of climate change!
Absolutely correct in every detail
admire the courage he had to go against the grain the swamp to try get the American people a better deal and who voted for him his agenda
Haha! Then we elected a guy who claimed for 8 years that he had proof Obama wasn't American, but never produced said proof. #factcheck
Hugely disappointing and highly predictable
Serious question, worst President ever? Do Trump and his advisors not realize how incompetent they look? Are they that out of touch?
The best phrase I've heard about the cabinet is - "devil or dunces?" re: are they dumb or co-conspirators?
Reality and real factual data are never quite understood by trump administration
Glad you have!
A fake news organization with no credibility is fact checking? 
Thank you for this fact-check which again exposes @realDonaldTrump as a pathological liar.
It's good to get out of this bad plan.
Fake news again from WP ! Have any of the predictions come true WP... such hysteria ! Thanks President Trump from the American taxpayers !
Using logic and facts to explain to people who shun facts and have no logic.
Thanks for #facts. But pls also fact check Trump's ridic boast about # of jobs he's "brought back" & added, and $$ repatriated? #LyingTrump
Donald Trump has well and truly trumped the "new world order" agenda elites & their dream for one world government. They're stuffed!
Paris accord was voluntary pulling out is like calling in sick on your day off
Um except for the tiny fact that we were slated to pay 100 billion a year and you better believe the libs would Screaming If we didn't
Lmao you seriously get your facts from breibart and Alex jones I'm assuming
@jdice03 It seems much more efficient to skip the fact-checking and simply ask "can we use what he said to impeach him?"
No need to fact check the pres. Facts don't register with him, just the roar of the crowd, he'll do a rally soon, and they will cheat him
Cheer him blindly, campaign promise kept
Glenn Kessler is about the last person I'd rely on for objective fact checking.
If it was so good.... why wasn't it submitted to the Senate for ratification
Washington Post is not a trustworthy new source
Business will drive changes as will our continued leadership in the area, not a bureaucratic money for nothing program!
Fact .. stock markets in US soared ! FACT this deal does little for climate and more to redistribute US wealth around! #ParisAgreement
By redistribute it means more to the 1% and less for everyone else....
WaPo needs to actually know some *facts*, first.
Hahahaha the @washingtonpost fact checking. I see what you did there.  #maga
The truth is very stubborn just a matter of time.
The President did the right thing. It's time we put AMERICA first . We have all the science to keep air clean. Not paying for the world.
The right thing for America? Who pays the price in the future for catastrophic storms and so on? Our children will pay the price. #WAKEUP
Communist ecofreak heads exploding across America since 3pm ET yesterday! 
!!!!****
Dear WaPo: will you ever get to truth telling or is this a communist propaganda outlet?
@realDonaldTrump is like all politicians (twist facts, ignore non-supportive data) but WORSE (cause he lacks intellect, conscience & shame).
FAKE president does not care about facts. The self-serving FAKE president believes in greed & his arrogant attitude is NOT good 4 America.
#TrumpDisaster #VoteThemOut
The world is laughing at Trump
With this decision Trump is renouncing to global leadership. A new era for EEUU.
The #ParisClimateDeal is to be as effective as the Vietnam War Paris peace talks & the US Do-Not-Call Registry? #SignUpNow #WorthTrying
Not enough hours in a day to fact check a delusional fool.
Fox News is morphing into Trump's propaganda machine! #presidentasterisk
Are we really still trying to fact check Donald? Come on. His universe is not reality. No such thing as truth.
Why spend one minute fact checking anything don says - nobody cares- " we won"- America will survive even with chuckles the clown in charge
BS! Numbers don't lie! US lost jobs vs your predicting new green jobs. Fracking & new Technology have changed the game. Losers!  
If the agreement is "non-binding" as you said in the article then why is everyone bitching that the US backed out? #imwithhim

@realDonaldTrump doesn't know what facts are. #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrump #itmfa
Fact check: Winning
Wasn't the deal said to be voluntary, non-binding & modest?
Wasn't modest for US just for other nations..Obamas attempt at wealth redistribution and punishment for "arrogant" US
We agree with him.
.@washingtonpost not to belabor an old joke but... Why fact check when we live in an age of #alternativefacts. Who is fact checking for?
You, check facts? LMAO
yes we are aware of your facts. Bias rhetoric to slime people does constitute facts or define journalism
PT doesn't have a damn clue about anything. United States Of America's Fake President.  Pitiful!!!
Maybe if someone had redone the Paris Accord as a picture book our dumbass POTUS would have been able to read and understand it! #resist
Fact check, U.S. taxpayers win.
You're eluding to the fact that he actually said anything based in truth... Yeah, prove that!
You're absolutely right! A Freudian slip as I was insinuating that Trump "eluded" all facts... Good catch. Thanks
He doesn't know what the fuck he's talking about.
Wow and I bet you really believe that. Of course I can understand someone with a 4th grade vernacular. And trust me. It's not just liberals.
