Look at the computer I. M. B. Given too the USA
That's right, Senator! NOT ON YOURO WATCH!! THANK YOU AND GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR ENDEAVOR TO GET AT THE TRUTH.
Time to end this Swamp Dwellers watch! Vote them out, unite us!
After all this money and several lawyers being hired on, has ANYONE been indicted yet?  It IS looking like an expensive witch hunt!
What is the @GOP afraid of? The truth? Makes one kind of wonder what THEY are hiding...
Well the Rep.is from #Floriduh!
Thank you
Any interference would be obstructing justice in the least treason at worst...
#VoteThemOut 
#GOPisaCriminalconspiracy...
#libtards #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #DrainTheSwamp #NoDACA  #BuildTheWall #noSharia #CorruptDemocrats #NoAntifa #BLMTerrorists 

Thank you sir!
Must be a big pay check on the side for them. Pass an unlawful law. Only the gop.
Keep wasting our money Sheldon
They're trying to bury the coverup. Too bad, Mueller knows where the bodies are buried. He's not going anywhere if we can help it.
Key phrase here:  "If we can help it."  We need to know more on how to GOP-proof Mueller's investigation. #NoGOPinterference
Thanks for the info.
How much money have these House Members and Senators taken from Russia? The public is watching!
Chatter says 100s of MILLIONS - 47 GOP Congressmen, RNC...all of it.
Big waste of taxpayer money.  Dems bought Steele Dossier frm Fusion ( Russia connctn) to slander Pres Trump.   Where is their proof?
Make Mueller fire proof! #StopTheGOP #StopTrump #StopTheTrumpAbomination #LockDonJrUp
If @GOP wants to see a revolution they should proceed 
They must be getting very scared!!!!
Thank you, @SenWhitehouse!! So grateful for MOC who are unafraid to stand up for truth against the bully prez.
So what's the team getting close to then? Something has rattled them into action.
If the president has done nothing wrong he has nothing to fear. So what is he afraid of?
You are aware that there is no crime. They are on a fishing expedition.
Usually, theres a crime 4 an investigation begin?  Here there is no crime, what is he investigating, where's the crime?  Vote thus liar out!
Is your watch the one that had Comey exonerate Clinton before he interviewed any witnesses ?! Super good watching you knob end!
See @SethAbramson latest 200 thread. Lots of answers hiding in this mugget.
#Scandalous
God bless America
no they better not? I wonder how many of them have something to hide it has to be the real issue
Diversion, Hillary sold 20% of uranium stock 2 Russia.  In return, she received a foundation donation 4 135M & Bill gt 500K for Russian spch
No. Anyone whose senate rep gets involved in this way needs voted out! @SenWhitehouse  just insanely shameful.@GOP loosing ground ethics
Is @RepDeSantis on Putin's payroll too?
The inexperience, ignorance excuse falls down with financial crimes. They want to obstruct justice, but they will fail.
Here's something else the Republicans have floated!!
I think a limit is a great idea as long as it is just as long as the Whitewater investigation
Russia, Russia, Russia. Zzzzzzzzzzz.
Thank you Senator Sheldon !
Thank you. We are all concerned by this traitor in the white house. There has to be a reason why he's trying to hamper the investigation.
Thank you for standing with us!
Thanks you so much. Americans, regardless of party, are increasingly frightened by DT, russian, GOP ties.
Why? What are they afraid of?
Perhaps this Senator received some Rubles during his campaign...? #followthemoney
We are counting on you and the true Patriots in Congress.  History will judge us on how we respond.
we don't have to worry about Putin or Isis we are  destroying  ourselves from within.  This happens when NOT ENOUGH good people do nothing.
They are all guilty as hell, what dies the Kremlin have on them.. all of them.
THANK YOU! We the People are counting on you!! 
Go to the press!  @WashingtonPost...@nytimes... @chicagotribune ....deToqueville rolling over in his grave!!!
Names please. They need to be voted out of office.
Thank you for standing up to traitors.
Seems to me he might be in on the collusion!
Because they're all afraid they could be found complicit.
Screw them! Investigate until we get to the bottom of this bs!
Thank you. The GOP is trying to turn the people's house into a plantation house. It must be stopped.
I dare say the idea is nothing short of treasonous.
Why ever would they want to do that, we ask?... lol.
Why is treason ok with these guys?

Wild and wacky Milwaukee sheriff David Clarke in Moscow the same day Michael Flynn and Jill Stein had dinner with Putin. #TrumpRussia 
he is pushing the "I'm doing it so a lengthy benghazi investigation won't happen again" but IMO it's more sinister.
So it's ok for the rich & powerful to break laws with no consequences? Then start opening up jail cells & let individuals walk free as well!
How much money & Time did they spend on Benghazi & frigging emails @RepDeSantis?
They know what happen when the first dominoe falls
Blocking the #Republicans attacks on the #TrumpRussia Probe's laudable & the least of our worries while advancing legislation that's toxic.
You are a real bad ars

Thank you Sir for your efforts. The American people need this investigation to happen. This President must be held accountable.
Just how foolish are they? Glad my delegation is made up of smart women, not uneducated reps who show blind loyalty to an unqualified Pres
the people will march and drive them out with pitchforks
But they investigated Benghazi for forever.
Thank you, Senator Whitehouse.  Godspeed.
They are obviously getting sweaty palms as the net tightens around them. Do they remain in the net or swim away?. Tick tock tick tock
More coverup from dirty @GOP you can all be prosecuted and hope it lands those complicit in jail too
STOP THE WITCH HUNT
STOP THE WITCH HUNT!!!!

We, the People demanded special counsel after Comey firing! We must get to the bottom of this mess. Mueller is the right patriot to do it.
good luck with that

Also, If Soros is terrorist for taking foreign money then all legislators/executive branch admin a terrorist for taking Russian money.
These @GOP conspiracy theories about Trump critics are pathetic attempts to distract us from Trump Treason.
Shut these guys down! I hope it totally backfires on them! Makes them complicit in the cover-up!
The investigation could take years!  The bill to have Trump psychologically evaluated could take days.  Please do something!
And grassley and graham are busy trying to discredit Comey to end investigation. You better put an end to that quickly too
You want the country to erupt! This would be the fuse.
Truth
ONLY ONE REASON, HOW DIRTY ARE THEY #WHATSSAIDINTHETHEFAMILYSTAYSINTHEFAMILY
Better we end the political career of Trump apologist @RonDeSantisFL
At their own peril #Trumpmustgo #Collusion #ruleOfLaw #Treasonous
#GOP bunch of filthy traitors.
A lot of Republicans are all of a sudden very very worried. Nothing to do with Politics but everything to do with $$
remind them of Her Emails and Benghazi!!!
The house republicans are complicit in dimwit Donny's misrule.
Trying to appeal to T-rumps dwindling base is a losers strategy #ImpeachTrump #Vote2018
Thank you. 
If Trump is innocent, why do Republicans have to end Mueller probe?  Seems pretty logical that Trump is implicated
Thank-you, Senator Whitehouse. I hope not all of your GOP colleagues put concealing Trump's treason above their country and their honor.
I take it you have enough GOP votes to pass this obstruction of justice measure
Didn't I hear he has russia issues too?
Looks like another case of obstruction of Justice.
Thank you!
Why would they do that? Maybe they are sick of their jobs and want to be replaced!!
We can certainly help. Don't mind at all.
#VoteThemOut2018
What are they hiding???
Who would ever for vote for a Republican in the future? The damage, underhandedness and corruption of the GOP is plain for all to see.
No. No. No. no.
The republicans are fucking shameful. I hope every last one of these asshats is voted out in the next election cycle.
DeSantis can now go down in history as one of the great traitors to American democracy. He & Trump mob, I mean family can share the honors.
Thank you!! Stand up for us?
Ty Sen Whitehouse. Keep fighting for what's right!
Republicans want to hide criminal activity of @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan .
Thank you!
This should be stopped in its tracks. The country needs to know what happened & what role Trump & Co. played?
They think they are entitled to investigating themselves.
Bravo!!! Sen. Whitehouse
You, sir, are a good man.
WTF is this??
WEIRD! @ChuckGrassley  @LindseyGrahamSC pen letter to FBI  bashing Comey cred on HRC just as @WSJ says T lawyers going after Comey w Mueller
YES! Keep up the good work Senator! Those fuckin traitors like @repDeSantis = disgusting #TraitorDeSantis #desantismustresign
@eliseviebeck PLEASE STOP THE CORRUPTION!!
Please stop them from doing this! The American people deserve to know the facts!!
that means the #GOP is willing to enable a traitor #fakepresident #resist #notmypresident
Say what U will, but GOP's lie steal cheat & manipulate their voting base 2 get what they want without doing anything 4 that base.
Thank you Senator Whitehouse!!
Thank you.
Thank you!  I hope others share your intent!
Thank you. Americans deserve to know
Its almost as if republicans want to just eliminate the opposition party and do whatever they like - corruption be damned - this has to stop
House Republicans time for us to find out who actually caress about truth.And People's needs.
No!!!!!
That would be obstruction of justice!
If he wasn't guilty they wouldn't be trying so hard. It's going to start to get bumpy. If they shut down Mueller, It will resurrect in NY.
So you rather waste taxpayer money pursuing a myth.  Let's get you out of office
This country will ERUPT if they try it!
NO WAY!THIS WILL BE THE START OF CIVIL WAR II. The first strike will be on Capitol Hill. EVERYONE needs to make this commitment #riotwars
But it sunk.
Float him right out of the house
Thank you!
If there is nothing to find ! Why are they so worried and are trying to stop it. COVER UP!!!
desperate measures for desperate times....pathetic bunch of hypocritical fools.
Desperate people do desperate things
Thank you @SenWhitehouse
Nope
That's because you're into false narratives and not about what you were elected to do. Enjoy it while you can.
Thank you Senator. Don't let them get away with this shit.
Damn straight. At this point a lot of the gop looks dirty. Mueller is going to be busy.
Thank you for that position.
How convenient considering they looked at EVERYTHING during the Bill Clinton probe.  Scared they'll actually be held to the same standard??
It's almost like they have something to hide! Could there be a link between Manafort, Russian, Donations, and GOP?
Treason. The entire GOP is committing blatant treason. The request is an implicit admission of guilt.
Stay the course Senator
Thank you sir
Time to stop this nonsense Senator and begin to address the real issues facing this country like health care and taxes
WaitingPatientlyOnWhatYouWillFind!! He does protest his innocence to mich and fires those who have any disagreements with him GetHimPlease
Do do list: Add @RepDeSantis in Florida's 6th district to Flip list. Donation = $100 to any worthy opponent.

#NotOnMyWatch
They can float it if they want to sink in 2018
Don't let them do it!!! What are they so afraid of???
Thank you. Please keep fighting this corruption and coup of our country!
What is @RepDeSantis trying to hide?
He's not great at this hiding thing.
No way!!@
Should be at least as long as Benghazi. As long as needed.
Thank you!
@soccermom1517 @washingtonpost Stop em Shel !! 

Ridiculous waste of tax payer money
In case no one has sent this message to Republicans yet. F**K U ALL!!!  The clock is ticking and y'all r OUT!!
@ElvaF2009 @eliseviebeck you do this the GOP is fucked!
Thank you @SenWhitehouse !
Totally!  Never!  Your corrupt will be paid in full either by imprisonment, resignation or preferably both.
Don't let them end the probe!
Please dont let them do this
Please do so! Maybe your watch should end. Millions of dollars in taxpayer money spent, and nothing found yet? It's called a witch hunt.
Another politician wearing brown lipstick. This disturbing fashion trend among republicans is really annoying me.
Unreal. Maintain the professional fervor of the investigation following leads and taking the time needed for thoroughness.
They have to kill invest before America has Proof just how Dirty #GOP isDo NOT Allow it
That's because Mueller Invest is coming home to 'roost' on doorsteps of RNC as today's 'dropping news' reports. GOP took $$ from Russia 
Took 8 years to find a blue dress, ty Senator !!!!
OMG!!!!!NO!!!!
Thank you Senator. Make us proud!
Something or someone is very fishy here.The citizens deserve to know the truth of this investigation & it should be completely investigated
Thank you Mr. Whitehouse.  You are on the front lines of saving America.
Thank you, sir. Stay strong and resolute - our country's future depends on it.
Thank you, Sen. Whitehouse! Along with all Democrats, stand firm.
What has this country come to?  What abt. the people who gave their lives to make this country  what it once was? Liberty & Justice for all.
I’m good with the investigation but at what point does it stop? When will you decide it’s over? This a pattern of Congressional hearings.
All the $$$ the @GOP wasted in HRC, they better see the @POTUS investigation through.
Thank you Senator.
Another Republican (traitor)who took Russian , wants to stop Mueller! Traitor! #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia 
Time to remove the Traitors!
Why? New Benghazi probe coming?
In other words, they are desperate to have a Rep. President in place that they will sell this country down the tube? Shame, shame, shame....
Thank you!
Those guys should be investigated to see if Trump has gotten to them too-  sounds like a conspiracy to obstruct justice.#RussiaGate
You tell 'em, Sen. Whitehouse.
If Trump resigns and turns himself in, we'll consider it.
https://twitter.com/arimelber/status/903327377580752897 …
If @SpeakerRyan allows this to go to the floor the story of Ryan @SenateMajLdr having receiving donation's true.
Sounds to me as though they are trying to interfere W/the investigation, isn't that illegal? And, what do they really fear? info on them?
Someone explain to me how that's putting America first and not an effort to obstruct justice.
Thanks
No no no
I suggest Senator, you look into his previous donation history, as @funder has been doing
There seems to be a little Borsch in the paperwork
