That boy don't act right.
Whole #GOP party R corrupt criminal #RussianCollusion thugs #LockThemAllUp @abel_whyte @democraticbear #LiarInChief #Resistance
The fraud usurper closet muslim pointing a finger. You are  sick. Go see a doctor.

Love the potential scenario where Nancy Pelosi assumes the presidency in Jan 2019!
#ImpeachTrump #Election2018
Yeah, that's like a movie!
So I guess Orrin Hatch dies in this scenario? You guys might want to get caught up to speed on the Presidential line of succession....
And you might want to read the article, Mr. SmartyPants If Dems take the House in 2018, Nancy Pelosi, as Speaker, is 3rd in line.
If my Aunt had a d*ck, she'd be my Uncle
Well, I suppose so!  And that's exactly the kind of nonsensical response I'd expect from someone who didn't bother to READ THE ARTICLE.
Touche, ma'am --- and: understood.....
"you got some 'splainin' to do Lucy"....
And yet he grabs out in a last sacrifice for The Lord Our GOD!
Lock him up
He and chump are felonious liars, cheats, criminals and every word out of their mouths are cloaked in a white cowl and bedsheet.
1) The major obstacle to the Congressional investigations is the Republican Party, which has been systematically undermining and delaying
Such an bs artist. If you worked as hard as you tweet Rhode island might be a viable business climate. Get to work
Give em hell!
Administration of criminals.
An entire administration of lying liars. #impeachment #trumpMustGo
Oh i guess the THING was not lieing during the campaign and the Benghazi investigation?  The DEMONcrats are the party of LIERS.
And I really hope they get caught lying
Lying/deceiving/false writing to any federal government official is a crime. 18 USC 1001 His whole crew is subject to prosecution.
It would be interesting if Pence took the 5th wouldn't it?
All these guys!!!  Core is the president
#ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
You're talking about literally lynching members of the administration.
the #AwanBrothers case looking into you folks at the DNC and Congress for possible national security issues with Pakistan.  Not going away.
Give it your best shot DEMONcrat. You will find nothing just like Mueller.
First do u have a brain ? Second how did u get into college ? Third I'm going to pray for u . Seriously warped way of thinking !!!
Pence is as guilty as Trump.
If he is what he says he is ... this ultra Christian.... he would run! He sees a way clear to his homophobic agenda! Corrupt too! HELLO
Uh, Senator, we're gonna need more rope, sir.
2) the investigations at every step.
Lying to a grand jury is a crime? @FBI  #exonerateMichael no rape DNA but life sentence? Come on Georgia!
Lying is what a fake Christian do
He's been lying to the public... at the least, his testimony w/contradict public statements... if he's honest, he's probably in trouble...
This admin is pathetic bogus and illegal too many terrible characters. @VP @POTUS need to go away!
Answer or be charged....Same thing should happen to @SpeakerRyan @McConnellPress @VP
Just another  one of trumps crew. They all just lie





No room for any of that fake Reagan headshake and parroting b.s....#resist
Oooh, I like this "The noose widens before it closes."
#AllEyesOnPence
Does this include sneaky lying Pence?
Yes....
I wonder if he'll use his wife as an excuse this time.
Interesting thought!
Pence was part of the conspiracy!
The best part is they have NO IDEA what evidence the prosecutor has before going in...
Corrupt Mike Pence, is a vile alt-right duplicitous creep .... he needs to go 
#ImpeachTrump
Illegally destroyed state documents in Indiana, now continuing duplicitous behavior in the WH!
Lock them up and throw away the key!
Pence Trump need to be removed from office.

#Resist
Dems must tie #DACA fix to debt ceiling and #Harvey relief. They would do it to us!! TIME FOR HARDBALL! NOW. #Garland #Gorsuch @TomPerez
"The noose widens..." Wow. A shiver went down my spine. This is getting real. Finally.
It seems more and more that the guillotine blade has begun to fall. Mr Muller will get them all as he sifts through the garbage, the GOP
Wow
About time...don't think without guilt....ah...the elusive Angle Wings waiting for Trumps ouster.
This is the guy to watch out for, and he is intent on being POTUS by 2020, if not sooner.
Ahhh...the fake news...witch hunters continue....IDIOTS
Gads
Remember, the home mortgage donation scam!
So is lying to Congress.
Why is Sessions still employed? 
He lied.
I have the C-SPAN podcast.
I listen to it often. 
He lied. Under oath.
Here's hoping all the investigations are not just a big show and that justice is done because USA image worldwide is sinking fast 
blasting VP over an article in the opinion section of a newspaper.  Referencing a noose may offend some.  O yeah u D free pass. 
Perjury & Contempt of Congress brought down Nixon yet we still have Sessions?
For now. Check back next week.

Cool
When ??

Pence is an absolute slimey liar. He was as Indiana Gov. and he remains so. Don't let that whole "Christian" and "Aw shucks, Mother"fool you
We must get you under Oath so you can Lie and we can Jail you!
I just can't believe so many would risk their reputations and careers for this guy. Price way 2 high 2 me. Not worth it.
@VP Do you swear to tell the truth and nothing but the truth so help you God?

#MuellerTime 
#ComeyIsMyHomey
He doesn't believe in God. He lies. Might as well stop going to church since he cannot stand in the house of a God that sees his true self.

Can Pence answer grand jury questions truthfully when he always blames everyone else and he is never responsible?
Oh Sharon. Did you bump your head today?
Senator, thank you. Please expedite.
Get Pence on obstruction of justice or perjury. Tomato Tomahto.
#PenceKnew
@VP We the People do never an issue w/ you & @realDonaldTrump ...we actually prefer it.
And, riddle me this Senator, how is Sessions still where he is, after LYING?
Pray for justice, the GOP getting off "hate the black POTUS" train & get back to being constructive. And, may the DEMs get off ID politics.
Pence is soooo creepy.
Thanku I'm glad u r aware of shady snake @VP. He was involved in everything
Absolutely! @VP was head of transition team, was warned of all wrong doings and yet still did not investigate. His cry of ignorance is a lie
I just don't understand how any1 can honestly say that what we are witnessing w Trump is still 'far away' from the crimes of Richard Nixon.
@VP is just as embedded in the lies and cover-up as anyone. The whole Admin is corrupt, lying, dirty pigs
How many times did Hillary, Comey, Clapper,  Brennan, Mueller under oath & cover up widespread spying on Americans & gop, judges, opponents
Get 'er done, Senator, please!!!
Good grief. Many of us out here had been waiting since June 2016 for Comey to be canned. He needed to be gone and Trump was finally doing it
Anyone that lies should be prosecuted even the vice President or President no one is above the law
You can take that noose and tie it around your secret lover.  Your being watched.
#FakeNews @washingtonpost Twists and insinuations make #FakeNews. Why cant you just lay out the facts. Sick of propaganda pushing
Mother is not going to like this
You know what that means, another session of Father being plugged into the light socket. 
#ShockAwayTehGhey

only if the fbi and the justice dept and the congress all act and they are all owned by republicans. and the minority is owned by slanders
Can we start IMPEACHMENT?
Pence may have previously been "law-abiding." But "DECENT?" Uh... NO.
Crooked as a dawg's back leg!
end all wars 
free healthcare
rebuild all r cities

just do that

Surprise, surprise, he knew it all alone
so do you shitstain.
