#Democrats fight for #Abortion ...More children have died because of Roe v. Wade than were killed during the Holocaust.
Children will not be denied health care, health ins is not health care @SenFeinstein is using children as a prop to push for failing system
There is not a shortage of access have health facilities all over the country
NOT IN RURAL AMERICA. TRUTH THAT I LIVE.
Help me!!!!
So you lost your doctor because of the ACA kicked in?
Nice tactic, but you're the one supporting the #PlannedParenthood ABORTION mill that sells baby parts w taxpayer $!! YOU ARE SICK!
PP doesn't sell "baby parts" you are sorely misinformed.
Here's some video proof for your misinformed mind: http://www.rtl.org/prolife_issues/pp-videos/ …
The center for medical progress is not reliable. They've been told to cease and desist. Nice try, though.
Fake videos?
Yes, heavily doctored.
Dianne; come on.  Your rhetoric is pure fabricated hysteria.
Twitter rt wng believ rural areas hv plnty f
hosp. Nt n MI! Sen Stabenow knows. F pepl
believ thes thngs I c why they like Delirium Tremens?
You make no sense just blablabla
Like you personally care.  Your healthcare and salary are paid by taxpayers. You could careless what happens to the masses.
Why stop at children? There are plenty of disabled people just stuffed into "expensive" ill equipped nursing homes.
Really ? What planet have you been on? Republicans are Republicans.
#TrumpDontCare  is more appropriate,Senator!
Why can't we just buy our own insurance? Why don't u have Obamacare ? #WhatsShamefulIsNoCompromise #ALLOFUSLOSE #RUProudofYourself
@srtcomp > Trump now bullying Collins and Murkoeski.. The only 2 Senators ballsy enuff 2 stand up 4 people!!  Talk about SAD?
Murderers!
Pretty sure @GOP's plan is for those 'takers' to be drop out of school & go back to the mines & pay for their own back alley #healthcare.
1000s of children exposed to Trumps sick speech @Boy Scouts should be offered counseling He swore spoke of sex, orgies & firing to 8 & 10 yo
BSA needs to do it. They enabled it. They should offer some education on how a man w/no ethics can rise to power & how we stop it.
How about Congress legislate for #PeopleCare !
screw the children! they can get FREE healthcare from St. Jude #socializedmedicine
The rich don't care. It does not impact their lives. Out of touch as hell.
Another false story but expected from the liberal left
If you're trying to build a master race you have to break a few eggs. "Dasein Ohne Leben."
But not surprising.
After all of those years of the GOP screaming "death panels" - now they have become the death panel...
It's really #Trumpnocare
Yeah they do. Healthy children.
Maybe you should register as an #Independent as you appear to have the amazing #superpower of not subscribing to #ignorant #groupthink.
market solution vs 1984
Flaw of some Democrats to expect decency from avowed racists & religious bigots. They’ll kill all children rather than help nonwhites ones.
Have a clue.... Biggly....
No, they only "care" about the kids while they're in the womb.
Thank you, Sen Feinstein! Proud to live in California, where chridrens health care matters.

Think about what the American people have gone through with Obamacare A bunch of lies deceit I losing your insurance
You just don't care about the American people!
You are like the Democratic Party trying to push Obama's agenda don't you see it's not working
Feinstein you are an educated woman think about what you just said !

Sadly the #GOP has become #TheMeanParty.  The #GOP has been losing it's heart over the last decade.  I doubt if it can be resuscitated.
It's not the old GOP, it's the #GrandOligarchsParty . Every bill includes tax cuts for millionaires and corporations for a reason.
And your failure to support Single-Payer will cost you your cush job.
They just want to force women to give birth to the next generation of uninsured fry cooks & janitors. Commodities not children
2) Not your job to tell me what to buy or where to buy it from or how much coverage I should get!   #BothPartiesSuck .@gop .@TheDemocrats
1) Its my responsibility as a husband and parent to provide Health Care coverage for my family!  Not your JOB to force me to get it!
Thank you @SenFeinstein for standing up for Californians young & old.
Did u note the lie #TraitorMcCain told on @SenateFloor that @SenateDems didn't allow @SenateGOP n for dev #ACA? @SenWarren @SenKamalaHarris
Several Repubs on Twitter tonight said these were 22million people with their hands out. Guess those toddlers need jobs.
Will you be the one to offer an amendment giving all Americans the same free health care enjoyed by members of Congress?
Quit shaming the shameless. Try direct action.

We need to recognize that what separates 1st world countries from 3rd world countries it's the social safety net, 1/
Bonhoeffer's take.  Worth reading.  Stupidity vs. malice
I keep this on my desktop for just such occasions.
 
"Stupidity is a more dangerous enemy of the good than malice."…
TrumpCare is if you don't have a billion or two, you aren't worth living.
No more clapping for McCain. I mean it. NO MORE. THIS IS AN EMERGENCY. THERE'S BEEN A COUP. START ACTING LIKE IT.

I would have thought water would cause you to melt you old witch.  guess we are both wrong? Stop embarrassing yourself & retire!
Amen!
.@SenFeinstein and .@SenateDems Dems never address racist rhetoric from GOP!! Never put up clear info on their lies!!!!! Spineless&Useless
The battle is no longer between two ways to help people. The battle is now between Democrats helping people and Republicans killing them.
The democrats need to take to the streets and towns . Let the them know what you stand for.Get out there and spread the your good works.
Keep up the fight Senator!
After they let them get shot up at Sandy Hook and did nothing? Are you serious?
NO JOKE!!!  @GOP only cares about the fetus; not maternal health, childbirth or once born. just keepin' women pregnant. #weirdos
Rhetoric!! Please stop these outrageous lies!
@GOP = Pro life/ con insurance. Makes perfect sense in the Alternative USA we now appear live in. #angrycitizen
What age is your cut off mark, senator?
Is it age or social position?

@VanityFair @HarpersBazaar @Vogue @esquire @Cosmopolitan @newyorker
Vile + evil.
@Livewellxoxo34 YOU SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT. I KNEW THIS. THAT IS WHY I DO NOT VOTE GOP. NEVER!9
Health care for 80 year olds and not children?
I happen to know a Republican educator who complained about immigrant/poor kids getting free food at school! Strange but true #TrumpCare
You'd think Medicaid for elderly in nursing homes was nonnegotiable too; Nope.  Medicaid for disabled not a hindrance either.
When are you going to remove Trump? Nothing else matters.

If congress got the same heathcare as the people that elected them the insurance would be superior to anyboffering we have gotten
.@SenFeinstein @SenateDems STOP calling these Bills anything but their name. We need to refer as ACA & whatever this new thing is.  Please
Republicans also think its ok to shoot children at school and do nothing. So, what were you thinking? #VoteThemOut
Yep
You are a disgrace! Health care is an individual responsibility! We are not a communist nation even though you may think so!
It's a ProLife thing. In other words GOP kills babies. Either w guns or taking healthcare away
So far, the only Rep I've seen with a heart, is Susan @SenatorCollins .  What happened to the other 2 women senators? @hpyblubrd
Off subject Senator how much classified info did Trump give to justice nom on alpha bank that he went to work for them to clean up evidence?
I would have thought that the taxpayers dollars were a sacred trust by Congress but then I realized I was living in the 21st century where
Idiots on the left and right think they are entitled to use programs to sway voters using other people's money....
just think of all the unborn fetus that will be harmed when the mother dies from no health coverage!
Coming to America again. Not a true story but stuff like this has happened.
Charlie Gard doesn't think so either!  Its not your kid!  #Trumpcare wins!!
That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it,
Wonderful! It's exactly trumpcare vs. Obamacare not a bipartisan bill to actually bring affordable health care to the population
When the truth is negotiable, then everything else we hold sacred is, too.
Liar. Shame on u
O yes you care so much for the children. What about all the aborted children who never even get a chance for healthcare.
We've been unable to argue effectively how socialistic methods coupled w/free enterprise responsibility must be used to solve problems."Sad"
Oh please!!! You don't care about children, unless their parents write you a fat check.  Stop with the fake moral outrage.
May they burn in hell. All republicans should suffer for what they are doing.
Well according to the GOP the kids could get jobs.....
Since all Americans are created equal,why doesn't #JohnMcCain think they deserve equal #healthcare, just like EVERY OTHER ADVANCED NATION?
This is incredibly cruel! They should see real suffering.
#Deplorables
Especially when they drag a war-hero across the US and threaten to of tarnish his legacy if he doesn't vote 'their' way #MAGA #TheResistance
How many people have died under Obamacare needlessly.

Deductibles are too high, policies are too high or non-existent.
Obama lied to us.Obamacare horblefor those us earning a living . You lie to get ur way . If you want to pay for all these ppl go to Canada
Listen I lost insurance cuz if obama care it's cost so much money n I was unable to go to Dr cuz this obamacare . Your lying . Their crocs
Money over morals, Senator .... money over morals !!!  This is not an American Congress !!!  BY NO MEANS !!!
See you on cspan right now. Thank you for fighting. (especially on the committees and appointments) proud you are my senator!
They like their children out of sight & out of mind--thus the devotion to fetuses!
and your party's health care plan is?? don't say Obamacare, and for the thousand time what health care plan do you have? Obamacare?  not
If you had worked with the American people on ocare this wouldn't be happening you'd still be in power
At birth, every child should have a SScard and HC (paid on sliding scale).At retirement age everyone should have SS, interment plan and HC.
The States can do a far better job of providing health care for Children. Save the children! Save the babies! DON'T #SaveACA
How long must we be subjected to this homegrown terror taking away our healthcare.  Every week, it's just constantly terrorizing us! SICK
They have the country worked up into a frenzy! The stress is #killingus
Pls retire
everyone look at this loser J.P. 
J.P. has nothing to say in support of BCRA!
J.P. is a partisan "sports fan" = no brains
don't be like J.P.
They are no longer a political party They are gop nazis Dictators and they must be eliminated from power
Heil Hitlary!
You lied to us, raised our taxes, borrowed 2 trillion, wrecked healthcare, & you didn't even read the bill that you slammed down our throat!
LIAR!  Quit kowtowing Danny-girl!  shameful
Thank u for sharing, but what would u know about it. Are u on the committee to help Americans?
@dmcrane I'd like @realDonaldTrump know if it passes ppl will mock #Trumpcare for gens & his descendants will chg name 2 Obama
Stay strong, Senator.
There is no shame in the GOP except for a very rare two or three Senators. Unbelievable.
What's shameful is u and ur lazy Senate colleagues standing on the sidelines watching AFCA implode & DOING NOTHING to stop it! TERM LIMITS!!
Throwing as many as possible off health insurance IS the Republican objective.  It's much easier to subjugate a population if they lack it.
That's because you are ignoring the people who can't afford premiums but don't qualify for freebies.
@SenCoryGardner, you there? Please act like a Senator, and communicate with your constiuents! @CardboardCoryCO #TuesdayThoughts #Sessions
LIAR! LIAR! I work in healthcare. NO CHILD IS LEFT WITHOUT CARE! LIAR!
Did they vote for Trumpcare???
Yes very shameful-the whole W.H. Administration is a disgrace, a joke. Trump needs to be removed as soon as possible
They are SNAKES
They haven't like children for sometime. Hint, we have a child rapist in the WH, allegedly.
Have you heard his speech to the Boy Scouts? He does not care about children.
Outside of them being fetuses and cannon fodder, they don't have much use for humans, so why provide healthcare for them, right?
How about thinking that Americans aren't smart enough to choose their own insurance. What would you call that?
You have the rights to say no to insurance but the yes options shouldn't be taken away by repeal of Obamacare. Repeal means  for millions
No,  means taxes from IRS. Yes has always been an option prior to O'care. Yes now has been limited & choice removed. How manybefore O'care
Before O'care millions couldn't get health insurance. More ppl have healthcare today,  than prior to O'care. Go  is fast  funeral home.
Before O'care millions could afford health insurance. Less people can afford to use it today because of sky rocketing deductibles.
Fixing sky rocketing deductibles nudging towards universal healthcare is unacceptable?  Universal state owned health insurance fond perhaps?
Where does capitalism and free market fit in? When did the  veterans hospital look so appealing?This is just another form of redistribution
Capitalism & free market don't mix with affordable stable healthcare. Life or shouldn't be decided by your paycheck or sellable fortunes.
They only care about the fetus, once it is born they could care less!
#resist
The only thing that's become VERY obvious is @GOP only cares about lining their son pockets.
Children mean nothing to the GOP.Only if they are the 1 precent children and Trump gets a  win
Shame on Republicans who want to repeal but no plan for replacement.
No one is providing HC!! Insurance is the issue. Smh. And these r the idiots running things.
What do you want health care or social security
More lib bs. PP kills more kids than anything. Go to papa Johns
PP doesn't kill any children.
They are pro fetus not pro life worth living for everyone.
Maybe, take a Republican Senator to lunch or dinner and talk so sense into them?  

Everyday.
Are you talking to parents or taxpayers?
Congress is mandated to have insurance through ACA. They, however, are exempting themselves from #ORRA. Nice try though.
They & their families have premium HC Plans, so they don't care about anyone else. If they pass their HC Bill, they must drop their plans.
What about those families with children that lost their healthcare through Obamacare...Insurers pulled out, cost rose 33% and couldn't pay..
#ORRA will leave 32 million Americans without health insurance and cut Medicaid by $842 billion.
#ORRA will double premiums and leave 1/3 of Americans to live in areas having no insurer participating in the nongroup market.
Nope just birth is not negotiable.
It's perfectly legitimate to die afterwards because of your parents can't afford treatment
Senators: do not  advance a bill drafted w/no transparency in a backroom that guts health coverage&has a 15% approval rating. Vote NO appeal
Thank you for all you do,@SenFeinstein #SaveTheACA #NoRepeal
Yes.....
@SenateDems I would have thought lying to parents re: doctors their insurance pays for was nonnegotiable. Dems don't seem to..
U are lying and u know it but you continue. Why?
What is she lying about?
Says the woman who spouts RW #GOP talking points about govt taking control of the #healthcare system, when asked to support #MedicareForAll
#Republicancare
#GOP is being financially enriched by Mercers and Kochs !!!
Look in the mirror. You are shameful for placing the burden of O'care on our backs. U @SenFeinstein @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi put us here.
Our daughter had brain surgeries, paid by #CHIP and #Medicaid. #American children should have access to the same care as #Senators? #SaveACA
You're so typical...you said nothing before Obamacare,or about kids or Veteran's families who lost Hcare & now @POTUS  you seen the light?"
So you want #ORRA to take health insurance from 32 million people?
You want #ORRA to cut Medicaid by $842 billion?
You want the .5 million veterans who use medicaid to lose it?
Read the CBO.
I am embarrassed to be a democrat bc of the monster Dems allowed to win due to zero economic message
Hmm really?  Your internet doesn't go here...
Theifing heartless politicians.
R's don't seem 2 have much shame. Would their parent/grandparents be proud of R's plan to dump children, disabled & ill elders off Medicaid?
You've worked with these people for how many years?  You still haven't figured out nothing matters to them but the rich and themselves.
There's chameleons in that thar Swamp....

Then vote NO!!!
Hoping that Dems come up with better slogan than "A Better Deal." Dems must LISTEN then speak to voters' FEELINGS, as Trump did.
This site is a good influence for debate....
You are scaring me, don't let it happen! Thanks for being FOR the American people @SenFeinstein
the kochs are robbing U.S. of our treasure and our ability to take care of the wounds THEY cause....
DEATHCARE: kochs = 34BIL TAX CUT • waltons = 53BIL TAX CUT • the children of the orange = 4BIL TAX CUT.... all on the TAXPAYERS DIME....
Did you know that before 1973 it was illegal in the US to profit off of health care. Nixon changed everything.

http://investmentwatchblog.com/did-you-know-that-before-1973-it-was-illegal-in-the-us-to-profit-off-of-health-care-the-health-maintenance-organization-act-of-1973-passed-by-nixon-changed-everything/ …
Restoring freedom in America allowing people to re claim their healthcare choices is how I see a Repeal.... The approach in 09 was shameful
Repeal would increase # of uninsured Americans, difficulties from preexisting conditions, the federal deficit, and out of pocket costs.

You have nothing to loose senator Dianne Feinstein. You asked and now you have been responsible for a lot of ppl for a long time.
Yeah. The hell w adults. But kids? This is America, the "exceptional nation" where some of the people can count on #healthcare when needed!
It's time to balance our budget.  The Dems keep spending our tax $$ uncontrollably.  It's time to live within our means.
They have descended into a criminal class, unfortunately, seemingly out to get even their own voters.
Smh. This is democratic propaganda meant to scare voters into voting democratic and has no truth. #sad #LiberalScareTactics
It's not a scare tactic to point out that under #ORRA 32 million Americans will lose health insurance.
It's not a scare tactic to point out that under #ORRA Medicaid will be cut by $842 billion.
It's not a scare tactic to point out that under #ORRA premiums will double by 2026.
It's not a scare tactic to point out that under #ORRA 1/3 of Americans will have no insurer participating in the nongroup market.
Read the CBO.
Why in 2017 are blks, women and poor ppl still asking white men for FREEDOM?
Disgusting!! Would love to see a show of hands to all that GOP claimed has ruined their lives. Lives saved are all I hear!!
Have a list for us?
They sacrificed their own for 8yrs. It is time for you to use your platform to shame these ppl. Be the loud angry WHITE WOMEN.
We are doing our part, it's up to our leaders to fight tooth and nail for us. Stop this healthcare debacle.
They do not seem to feel a moral responsibility to care for anyone. Everyone should have food, housing & healthcare.
"Everyone should have....." Ergo; Everyone should take responsibility for their own welfare....
Nodding
Exactly- children have no choice.
Apparently, neither do voters....
Just say NO to Nanny State!!!
Who could have seen this coming? The revival of the Paul Ryan-pushing-grandma-off-the-cliff commercial is surely next.
Looks like Equal opportunity offenders...
#25THAMENDMENTNOW. VOTE NO ON TRUMP'S DEATHCARE.
#SinglePayer  let's adopt Canada and Australia examples
Thank you
And even required immunizations by schools are expensive now.  Maybe need some low cost vaccine clinics if GOP cuts kids healthcare.
What exactly are they voting for? They are voting to begin a debate...well isn't that what they have been doing?
They don't care about the middle class we pay for all their mishaps ! The reality president we have and his billionaire cabinet are killers
I think GOP has intestinal fortitude to change the law to make it better as time progresses unlike the democrats
Rand is voting yes. Everyone should attact his twitter. @DrRandPaul
I have a sinking feeling they will repeal.They waited for McCain for a reason.If that happens,I hope there is a revolt.They only care for 1%
Sen. John McCain's of Arizona, expected to return today about 2:45pm ET,  for a VOTE on the Health Care Law,  Sen. Dianne Feinstein of S.F.
Since you're thinking today, think on Single Payer. This is the ONLY way to cover EVERYONE. Patients before profits.
HUGE tax cuts for top 1/10th of 1% & NO healthcare for millions in EVERY SINGLE GOP BILL! @SenFeinstein it is shameful! CALL 202-224-3121!

Please continue 2 have a strong voice against GOP in this week's debate! Very lucky 2 have you and @SenKamalaHarris on our side! #Trumpcare
U are publicly denying that the system needs to be rebooted. Deductibles and premiums have exploded. Working class needs system fixed. Now.
The only thing non-negotiable for republicans is lining their pockets and keeping their power. #shameful
Thanks for standing strong for the people of this country.  You and @SenKamalaHarris
Money is all they care about.
Let's review....

