THANK YOU! I'm not a home owner due to student debt. I wouldn't be educated without it though #DeVos isa #bitch
Plenty get degrees w/o debt. We aren't responsible for your bad decisions.
Ok tell us how you accomplished your degrees without debt please.
Work. Get company to pay. Military. Choose cheap school. Graduate early.
Still, your way doesn't work for all for various reasons called life happens.
I don't want to pay for someone's French Lit degree at Harvard or the like.
Understood. Free college for everyone is logically & financially not possible.
Would like to see good finance classes in HS. I had parents to copy. Some don't.
Cant wait till your party is hit harder in 2018. Please cry when you lost all power, we find it entertaining
Don't laugh too soon. There's a twisted & bumpy road ahead in the financial sector
Remember Trump won 10 of the Dem areas by double digits. They want change
Yes country has change. We'll see how long this change is tolerated
Everyday the Dems hurt their cause, they show violence and that no one can speak but them.
I am 53 and have been paying my student loan debt for 20 years and I owe more than I borrowed! Help!
OMG... "help!" you're priceless. Maybe Chuck will cry a tear or two for you. Will that help?
bravo "incognito" come out from your mask! I am being facetious - look it up if you need to
.@SenSchumer @SenWhitehouse To get business loans, banks require plans showing how they will be repaid. Why are student loans different?
No one forced the students to take on all their debt.
fucking Bernie Sanders or whatever
I'm more concerned about who's gonna pay 4 the billions in tax breaks she & her friends r gonna get.
fucking Bernie will pay that shit too
Oh, that's okay. The retired neurosurgeon, with no prior experience dealing with housing, will handle that.
Thanks for your advocacy. I'm very disappointed in DeVos' confirmation.
us realtors are smarter than #DeVos
"us realtors are smarter than #devos." Just wanted to make sure you read that so you know how dumb it sounds.
Tell them to stop going to college to get BS degrees in nothingology and instead focus on STEM programs.
BUT Devos ideals about School Choice are not even reality for children from lower socioeconomic families.
Chucky is an OBSTRUCTIONIST!
As well he should be when the leaders in the White House are anti-American and morally bankrupt.
You watch too much CNN.
GOVN'T has no business in School LOANS. Will cost TAXPAYERS BILLIONS in Dems never-ending FREEBIES, PRIVATIZE IT
Dems are oh so generous with other people's money when operated for 8 yrs with no budget. RECORD TUITION COSTS.
that seems excessive. Did u know this going in? If so, ur choice, ur responsibility. Choices have consequences.
maybe u should work as being an advocate since if what u say is true, sounds like badly needed.
maybe the students should pick a viable career where they could pay off their loans and buy a house..
good idea, so no one should be a teacher, professor, counselor, public defender...
Because ADMIN is misusing funds aka corruption. Let DeVos clean house! She will. That's why they're mad.
& DemocRATS happy tuition rising well above inflation, YOU have destroyed the hopes of at least 2 generations.
Progressthey are talking about it!!!  Hugs from Alaska!!!
She should back out after being proven incapable by hearings. Refusing to see her shortcoming- that's a bad sign
I'm sure you could teach her a thing or two about personal short comings and ignoring them.
Possibly. But she doesn't need help. She's already doing it. That's the point.
I thought the Dem's were upset because the Repub's made it to easy to buy a home, hence the last WS crash?
it's the reason I won't be buying a house anytime soon. #stopstudentdebt
You dems created the student debt and exploding tuition costs.
I would be ashamed to be a Democrat now.  You are all acting like spoiled children.  Stop whining.
AND WHY IS STUDENT DEBT SO HIGH? "ELITE" Schools Grossly Overcharging "Smart" kids willing to PAY AND BORROW!
we see this every day in NYC as brokers and wonder how these kids will ever get ahead.
Why not investigate the "Student Loan" Agency for allowing these students to get into such deep debt.  Let's go!
THE ONLY REASON YOU DON'T LIKE DEVOS, IS BECAUSE SHE NOT INLINE WITH YOUR VIEWS
government should give interest free loans to All students!
Schools are supposed to teach kids how to think for themselves not what you think!
why when was the last time she needed a student loan?
it's hard to see from such a high ivory tower
Dems love students. Easy marks to manipulate. Lots of debt, offer way out of it, vote for me.
going to lie through your teeth again like you did back in 2015?
you are a evil man and one day you will answer to God
More Chuck Lies DRAIN THE WASHINGTON SWAMP!!!!!!!  TERM LIMITS
I have 100k+ in loans AND I had a huge scholarship to nyu (only paid half of tuition)
Student debt absolutely delayed our purchasing a home, and delayed my wife and I from marrying.
credit card debt is preventing me from buying a home. @SenSchumer will help all so plz send check.
Schumer (Tears of a clown) all of your photo ops and blather over the years did nothin to reduce student debt.
@nokidhungry 
Free lunches will be on the chopping block once Fed is redirected 2 charter schools from public
because these students chose to go to a private university, parents lose their jobs and taxpayers foot the bill.
those pesky unintended consequences of your stupidity,  recall Dem's caused the subprime mortgage crisis
what does Devos have to do with the student debt that the democrats have run up? Why not ask PHD's take a pay cut
Have u noticed that Govt intrusion in2 Higher education via financial & regulatory policies increases tuitions?
college students are staying with parents longer. I know. I have one. Rents and mortgages too high
Thanks for your efforts here.  Your constituents are watching and appreciate it.  #holdthefloor #noDevos
Hey Genius, so I can sign papers to get a car and then decide I don't to pay for it after call and that's ok?
I worked 40 hrs a week and 60 hrs a week during summer. That hard work every bit as valuable as education
u would think congress would notice and stop charging interest.  Not depth of education issue it's congressional
They dont care- they got theirs eff the rest of them
I guess Schumer never took an economics course. Never buy on credit unless you know you can pay it back!
hey asshats what is driving the huge college costs? Pensions? More than 50% of college budgets go to  pensions!
# fake tears Your evil intentions are reflected on your soul and face. Lying is part of your "character".
free free it's all free ! Candy for all! Free so irresponsible!
@SenWhitehousewhat is real estate have to do with education? It is up to parents to decide and this is what mrs DeVa is. Doing
it's why we need student debt relief.Buying is near impossible for next generation.This has always been the issue
hey Senator Schmuck, we know your weakness. We will no longer sit by and let you brainwash our kids. Game over.
not everyone needs to buy a house
Student loans should be run by the free market, not government. Get out of our lives!
GO CHUCK! You're standing up for us!!
Democrats helped millennials go into college debt to control their vote, now they are willing to trade freedom for a free ride!

@SenSchumer
I'm a veteran in in NYC and am unable to use my VA Home Loan due to most apartments being co-ops. Home ownership pipedream now

You'd think black people wld notice you're  just employing scare tactics to keep them on the Democrat plantation
Perhaps #devos just knows that more government means more debt and more failure.  Support school choice
That reasoning would add up to most people, not DeVos
not just buying a home. Cars, appliances, insurance -- we are drowning in student debt!
and what is your solution
. Tell the Realtors to call their senators and vote no on her confirmation
Pay off your loans before living high on hog,then others won't have to make up for your lack of basic economic ed
San Jose S U, full time 1978: $188/yr, inflation adjusted to 2017: $696. Today $7,378.

Corrupt enterprise.
No more Starbucks,eating out,drinks at bars,tattoos,newest tech,designer clothes.Amazing how ed becomes more aff.
Hey Chuckie U guys are really over reaching on that one. Remember Indy Mac Bank?????
Student debt is the direct result of big govt policies and bloated, corrupt public universities. #whyyoulost
spending at all. Good god people get a clue.
begin with, we don't even rank in the top 10 in any metric of industrialized nations and it's not bc of education
really think that Dem or Republican will get rid of student loans? Hell out education system is absolute shit to
it's hurt every generation from purchasing a home, what the hell difference does it make about Devos? Does anyone
Not everyone needs a college. Join the service or lean a trade, run electrical grid then retire. No student debt.
how could she notice that if she herself never had to take a student loan?
I am so proud of the Democrats! Thank you for standing up for our children's future!
they aren't. They are standing up for teachers unions that donate lots of $$ to them.
Heh. She doesn't have the experience in the system. Which turned Pub Educ. to the cluster f$&k system it is today
-get your shit together.  Quit splitting the objective.
You lost us.
how are we suppose to believe you when you block all cabinet nominees. looks too party politics.
Why not put a cap on tuition and salaries at colleges? It's like you don't care about next gen's future.
Ow. Ow ow ow.
you're assuming DeVos thinks. #StudentDebt
I paid off my student loan AND bought a house! Lame argument since finances aren't important to snowflakes.
proud to deny school choice for Our Kids
Keep the impoverished,poor is what Democrats do!  #confirmDeVos
it's government that drive up the cost. Get out of education. Get out of our lives!!
Hell, what does she care.  She'll always have Amway.
she's not a politician & that's what matters. I mean, think about it. Who grows up thinking I will milk taxpayers?
Depth from elementary&high school education can prevent getting a mortgage? What the hell are you talking about?
personally thinks she just wants to get close to the kids.....oh wait, never mind, she's not a Democrat. 
Than maybe the young men and women she join military and get college free for 8 years of service.
going to cry about student debt Chuck?
My daughter can't even rent. Student loans eat up a lot of her pay, among other bills, she may never own a house
Students get student loans and spend on everything but school. They buy cars, rent. Stop all the student loans.
realtors have nothing to do with the loans, that's mortgage banks .... go pick on them next
does not ONE of your GOP colleagues have the moral decency & fortitude to stand up against #DeVos ? Very sad
yea let's keep her out, and put someone in just like we have. Damn if y'all don't  about everyone
not 4 #DeVos but my guess - lack of commitment&flexibility more to do w next gen not buying homes
Now there is a question voters have not ask you Senator Schumer. Student Debt. Do away with Dept Education save $
@jellokitty5 @SenWhitehouse What if u already own a home, then what will they do to you?
#Dems, the #snowflake party
#snowflakes create #blizzards . Never forget that.
READ THE SNEETCHES BY DR. SUESS!
Hey #faketears Chucky - stop bullying Betsy. I'm a man & it's blatantly obvious to me. Always lying bout her. 
instead of just talking tonight, how about reading all the emails and letters recvd from US.  Use OUR VOICE
Did Chuck really take George Soros' dirty money?  No wonder he's anti-American.
yeah, totally someone's fault who hasn't held a position. Def NOT a congress full of talkers.
whaaaaaattttt???????
. College costs money. Houses cost money. Yes- one may interfere with the other without enough money.
What the fuck, Chuck? Why are unions more important than failing schools?? #confirmDeVos
I agree 
If #DeVos wasn't born a billionaire & married to another one, maybe she'd notice #studentdebt makes a difference.
class envy much?
This whole thing of non-disclosure of conflicts of interest is totally rigged from the top. This needs to STOP
DeVos would have to know what debt is to understand, I'm not confident that she does.
I think she has way too much money to notice anyone whose bank acct is not on her level.
AND SCHUMER IS ONE OF US?? R U Kidding me??
good point. If schumer admitted refugee ban was needed in 2015 while is he crying now. Typical politician
Lies lies lies.. Misleading Americans - shame #FakeTears Chucky!! Give up, no one believes you!!Support .@POTUS 
So if @POTUS is setting the bad example why would any of his cabinet nominees do the right thing ?
thank you for everything you're doing to stop DeVos!
it's just a stall. She will be confirmed. #MAGA
But unfortunately when it comes to non-disclosure of conflicts of interest the bad example comes from our POTUS
They don't care. They are a remade Nazi party.
Frankly, you need to notice that Betsy DeVos doesn't notice anything outside her little bubble.  nothing.
Great but what have you actually done to address the problem yourself. Easy to point fingers, harder to act.
and when we call your office about it you don't answer
#SayNoToDeVos
get big gov out of my kids  classroom.  #powerto the people.
Very important issue. As important as the full disclosure of all the traces around the so called "black money"
I don't think she would... she's being put in there because she paid her way in and she'll do what DJT wants
why don't you move poor people into some of your houses Chuckles crybaby?
Dastardly DeVos wants to turn our schools into a Jesus based Ponzi scheme.
yes. This is her endgame. Everything else is a distraction
love  your hat lol 
nope. DeVos noticed her bank account. The end!
Thank you for all you are doing to block DeVos.
#termlimits
Dems, MSM and MoveOn inspires Trump Voter Dragged from His Car, Brutally Beaten & Robbed
