@GOP @DNC This is what fighting for Americans Health Care looks like! 
Any Republicans want to step forward? (Looking at you Dean Heller)
Bonus points for naming the right person
Time you @SenateDems got off your backs sides & start fighting back like Sen.McCaskill
Thank you @clairecmc 4 speaking up. @marcorubio I live in #Florida & am receiving #chemotherapy 4 #lymphoma. Will U speak up 4 me? @LLSusa
McConnell and the GOP are pulling the same crap that Ryan did. Trying to sneak this through under the cover of Trump's scandals!
You realize the irony is that Ryan was trying to get the Senate to debate this instead of having to worry about the House? Nobody wants to!
That's soooo rude
Funny.  Remember ocare anyone?  Shoved through without any bipartisan support.  Now a nightmare for anyone who isn't sucking on the gov teat
I don't know who this woman is...but I  her. #speaktruthtopower #democracy
Senator Claire McCaskll of Missouri 
She's a ROCKSTAR!
Do share your message w Senator McCaskill directly!  + Donate now to her re-election Nov2018, she will be prime GOP target.  @clairecmc
Donald Trump
More proof the republicans don't work for the real people of America.
#IWontGiveUpBecause this is what democracy looks like right now. This is the system we're supposed to use to fix everything.
This is what democracy used to look like in the US. It's only recently that some of our representatives have tried to change the process.
Sorry not sorry but I do not see any major change in the structure that would persuade me put faith into any aspect of it. It is corrupted
2. I know myself to be of an awareness to determine what I'm saying to be true. It will not change given the methods commonly proposed.
How can I be wrong? I am endorsed by myself.
Time for Orin Hatch to leave !!
He  doesn't have a clue !
Thank you @clairecmc for standing up and asking the questions we all want to know. Keep up the good work.
Thank you Claire a sound and logic approach unfortunately will get you nowhere with  Back Door politicians. #flipthesenate #flipthehouse
.@SenDeanHeller What are you hiding senator? Why no hearings? Are you ashamed? Afraid? You know this is wrong. Man up.
Seriously, do you forget what Nancy Pelosi said with Obamacare!
Dam crooked @GOP @JoyAnnReid @maddow @tedlieu @RepCummings @ChrisCuomo @Lawrence @chrislhayes @davidaxelrod @tribelaw @ananavarro @alfranken
Ask Dem Senators to filibuster AMA bill. man wants to pass it b4 recess. Start calling now while there is still time!!!
She is absolutely right,theyR sneaking up 2pass this healthcare bill without vote or showing what it entails Call UR Sen
Kind of like @NancyPelosi telling everyone to pass the bill and read it later? How does feel?
Vote them out 2018!
No
Without an open hearing, it's like doing surgery in the dark.  It's dangerous.  I admire you Sen. McCaskill.
Damn, u get em Clair! Well done! Keep it up! We like it!!!
@GOP You people are horrible, that you would try to take coverage away from your constituents. #ShameOnTheGOP
this is reprehensible. I can't believe the damn GOP would resort to shitty tactics like this, they are a party that cannot be trusted
They're not even the GOP anymore. They are hijacked. Look at the people in the room, if you ask who on the Senate side.
@rezaaslan how convenient that you retweet this, but noy the original ramming by Obama and co. without being read.
I thought it had to be passed before she could read it! Your mantra is resist and you're not included. All sides suck!
She deserves a medal!!!  She is amazing
Two Million Americans Drop Out of Obamacare Since Signing Up in January! Obamacare is dying!
Jules you are 100% correct. They dont know and they dont care. Pressure needs to be put on Corporations. You know they are press senate
Thank you Senator !!!
Our political system has been hijacked by a small group of white men who are bent on doing whatever they want, regardless of how...
It is disgusting and they do not have our backs ..THE AMERICAN PEOPLE GET SCREWED AGAIN!!   BEND OVER
knowing that they are doing this to the people in congress ,having no idea of the proposal, on a BIGGER SCALE HOW DOES IT EFFECT AMERICANS
get it girl! 
Aaaaand...They're ignoring her.
Disgraceful to try to put this thru without public knowledge knowing it will adversely impact millions
McCaskill kind of exposed Hatch as a bumbling idiot there. Republicans are clearly bowing to their donor class in the back room w/ this bill

@SenateMajLdr is wanting to fast track directly to a vote, he knows it's not a good plan
.@KamalaHarris how are CA Sens planning to put pressure on GOP colleagues to hold a public hearing and let this bill see daylight?
TY for captions! @KhalBrago check this out! TY @clairecmc for stating the obvious. All senators should have opportunity to weigh in.
Yessss! Preach!

Really appreciate the captions, @nowthisnews! -Deaf Dude.
First they stand and protest that dems block them won't work with them but do all crafting in secrets w no hearings - can't have both ways
I don't like either party, but I have an old addage everyone else uses. Actions speak louder than words.
Yeah and the GOPs secretive deceitful action to gut healthcare for millions are what's despicable
Hatch would be President if Trump, Pence and Ryan go down. WTF this guy is as bad
Fck really?

I am not disagreeing with you, but if you are saying the GOP are the heroes of this story, you have another thing coming.
@SenateDems
Can someone please explain the #AHCA bill to @karenhandel? #healthcare #GA06 #Flipthe6th 
All healthcare bills suck! born to die! back to pay you're own insurances charities help needy ! On with it!no uncle Sam witch doctors!
your* #grammaraltright
Ms McCaskill put it as plainly as it can be without pictures
Having watched the lady plead for openness through a hearing, makes me realise the establishment is choking us to death in the US & UK
...it affects the country. They need to be removed. There is only one way. REVOLUTION.
Shame Shame !! Our government now  is a good ole boys back room deal!
ThecAffiedabke Healthcare affects all of us citizens . Hear our input!
Wow, the Reps are raping the system.  Hatch is looking and acting so old!
I'm so fed up with those sneaky bastards making sure they have things their way.  WhoTF do they think they are anyway..
They think they are above the law. Lets remind them with our votes when it comes to it they are not.
Right, actions speak louder than words. And, we've got to have a whole lot of action.  lol  
Like obama did?! 
At least he publicly showed what he did not behind closed doors as stupid as it was to ram it.
There was nothing public about the way obama & Dems rushed Obamacare thru! "We have to pass the bill to find out what is in it" Pelosi
Process of creating/passing the ACA took almost an entire year. Not what I would call "rushed".
Wrong- Dems passed if fast before Scott Brown could be sworn in the senate -
For this alone, @clairecmc you need to run 2020
@Gop @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr please share how you can look in the mirror or face your constituents?  I need to know.
@therealezway what's sick to me, is that Hatch and other Republicans are in on the con that this is normal, acceptable process.
Voice of advocacy, thoughtfully presenting variance from norms & making clear requests. Response will be telling about status of due process
@SenateDems Shocking!!! They are so deceitful. Thank you @clairecmc & Democrats. You are fighting for the American People.
Keep on Ranting & Raving.
Dirty dealing! Coming down from the top. He is a double dealing con and those who support him are too. Fortunately, she called them out!
@GOP is beyond the pale. Corrupt & purely EVIL. This cannot be! Bravo @clairecmc keep fighting!! @TheDemocrats don't let this pass!
LOL at this thread. Dems did same thing to pass ACA. GOP does same thing = shock and horror.
Yeah!
this is so important
Thank you, Senator McCaskill @McCaskillOffice!
Will the real patriots please stand up in the room! To be completely ignored by the Republicans (thanks Fox News)
Almost as bad as passing the Bill before reading the Bill, so you can see what's in it. Your Hypocrisy is astounding
What a foul and total injustice to the people of America depending on Affordable Health Care! WHY! HOW CRUEL TO TAKE IT AWAY!
1st IT'S THE RAPESTS REPULIBLICANS. 2nd IT SHOULD BE CLEAR TO ALL THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT ANYONE OR ANYTHING BUT KILLING OBAMA DID PERIOD!
1st THAT'S RAPESTS RAPEUBLICANS! 2ND YOU'VE SEEN THEY
DNC, NEWS LIED: Wikileaks are REAL DNC EMAILS:  FATCHECK POLITICO: Every evil thing the DNC thought and did.
@rezaaslan can't stand this despicable MO senator. She's on her way out.
Get'em!
Okay so "Republicans" "rushed" the bill, BUT!  Democrats used "Executive Order" to pass the Affordable Care Act.  #JackassesAndHealthcare .
what dafuq are you bitching about, you tried to stop Gorsuch which is a very qualified person to be scotus.
McCaskill Warren for president!!!!
Wow
Like Pelosi's we need to pass the bill to know what's in it? Spare me this fake outrage.
,,r
Cc: @NancyPelosi
thank you + @clairecmc for your voice #resist #ProtectOurCare #signsforsellouts
Heroine
Thank you to that Senator. She is standing up for all Americans.
You can hear #OrrinHatch Aid tell him "They weren't invited" on the open mic.
She is in a fart-off with Sanders? #stank
Can't give hearings. They are ramrooding us to accept less while rich get tax break.
GOPers are willing to let their constituents die 4 their partisan game.I hope they flood their local offices &make GOPers'life a living hell
You go, Claire!
Phenomenal!!
Thank you !
@EmmmyBeth
Republican plan will kill more Americans - each year - than 9/11 terrorists.
All for higher profits.
I agree. And being disabled and on several medications, I'm very worried about all of it.
I am a cancer survivor.  75% chance 5 years or more...but under this, preexisting condition.  Am scared too.
So typical of Inhumane GOP! #TraditionofOpenTransparentDebate. #AmericansWillLoseOut! #PeopleoverGreed
@SenateGOP You guys truly are a sick evil bunch of rich old white christian guys!! Spineless too!! #gopREMOVAL
Ummm--did she forget what happened in 2010?
Elections have consequences. So thank #HillaryClinton for her pathetic campaign.
@TheBaxterBean there are too few of her, resulting in too little too late, nothing will change.Y should it?,no GOP gain
This is not Democracy #GOP robber barons
Of course there's always secret "free" trade agmts Obama & Dems ram through on fast track- no debate or amendments  allowed. U.S. democracy?
Sen.is speaking for us,The R's are behind closed doors pushing thru legislation that effects 1/6 of our economy.We hv to fight just as hard
Repubs are using Potus Crisis to quietly dismantle Obama health care, banking regulations, EPA, etc.
in 2018 THEY WILL PAY!!!!!!
Let us pray Kelly. I might try and believe in God if it helps.
Did Obama give you a hearing?
@senorrinhatch in all respect sir, WHY would Americans' healthcare be a partisan issue? Our lives do matter! Stop the nonsense! SMH-stupid!
Shame. Shame. Shame.
Despite what U heard: Wikileaks R Podesta real emails wasn't alter. Russia Fakenews #pizzagate. Let the truth known
U go lady
pot calling the kettle black! hypocrites !
Wish the media can cover these stories as well as the Trump/Russia/Coney madness.  What else has Ryan/McConnel etc been up to ???
THE REAL WONDER WOMAN, WATCH THIS VIDEO
The ACA Repeal & Replace Pla...Scam! @SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseDems @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump #DonTCare #AHCAisDOA #GOPisDOA #STOPITNOW
Democracy has been hijacked by a bunch of white rich men that don't care about the American people.
You go girl! #Americans are behind you.
We will not be able to blame the Russians for the Senate doing things behind our backs.
GOP Senators doing what they accused the Democrats of doing (when the they didn't!). Democrats had hearings, asked for participation.
Instead of arguing, jump in, all aboard and change it! It's not about you Sen. your health care is paid for by us! Stop talking start doing!
Could change a lot if election tampering carried a lifetime sentence...
#unhackthevote 
Please everyone watch this. This is Racine Wisconsin. This will rock your world. It happened!! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=D1284ARxFag …
Preach Senator McCaskill! New huge fan of yours!
Terrible to put through a bill which affects so many without hearings is disgraceful the GOP should be ashamed remember at election time
What they are doing to get this Crappy bill through is UNAMERICAN! So sick of the Bullshit the Republicans pull EVERYDAY! VOTE THEM OUT!!!
...aaaannd they're doing it anyway.
@JoyAnnReid #AMJOY @maddow @chrislhayes 23 mil people are about to lose their healthcare! Let's focus! #SaveACA
By the time trump/republican voters understand this, it'll be to late. Their health care gone, their rights taken, sure they'll blame Obama.
Do dems have the power to destroy this bill since it was passed thru the senate under-handedly?
Thank you for senator McCaskill for reminding people about AHCA secrecy.
So much for Republican honestly, integrity, and Christian attitudes. False from Reagan on down!
Gov. Hogan, it is time to stand up and say what a danger Trump care poses for all Marylanders.
We The People should be voting...like an election process,to keep our ACA.. Ths entire govrnment, both sides Im afraid, are failing us!
Disgusting that the @GOP would do this! Do they think that this will not put the nail in their coffins at election time?!?! Law breakers! 
Kritisch maar correcte #politiek met aandacht voor het #democratisch proces! Belangrijk item ook de #Zorg
Wow, she is amazing! Stand up to those old farts that need to retire bc they can't hear, speak or even do any good for America anymore!!
You go girl!!!
@SenateDems Thank you Senator McCaskill!!!
Wow. Well said.
Phone calls or emails WILL NOT STOP the Republican Congress from passing the #DeathCareAct. If we don't act now we'll mourn our loved ones.
Over the top comments like this just shows how delusional folks like you are. Obamacare has killed thousands who couldn't see docs!
Yes!
One side says the other isn't fair and then they do the same thing. Not sure elected officials really care about us.
I think you're finally beginning to get the picture, which is why we need to have finance campaign reform immediately.
I saw it she's right there's nothing more to say.
Thank you!
Thank you @clairecmc !!
Remarkable and commendable! Democracy is at stake.
Super lady and if this GOP bulldozer is not stopped the bodies are going to start piling up at the emergency rooms, nothing is more sinister
Remember that talk about nonexistent death panels? Well, how did they know about death panels unless they were thinking about it themselves?
The people want due process!!!
Okay so what are you other senate democrats doing to back her up?
The line has been drawn. Let's see who will stop this as well.
HYPOCRITE!! NO ONE READ OBAMACARE! NO ONE!!!! And It Was PASSED! So Deal With It!!
I was thinking like cement overshoes, but semantics.
No. Jack the ripper was quick and permanent. This is more like Catch 22 with evil.
i've asked. i don't think she is having any better success than me.  they @gop is determined to cram this thru w/o public hearings or input
Hatch, McCain and Trump are unfit to serve. Hatch's aide had to whisper in his ear & then had to speak up because he couldn't hear her. SAD.
At least they didn't try to shut her up as they did @SenWarren and @KamalaHarris
Actually Hatch heard them fine, but they had to remind him of the talking points the money donors were doing and it recorded on the pa.
THANK YOU, @clairecmc!
This woman is AWESOME!
I'm surprised nobody said this yet, but a real Wonder Woman!
And integrity. Until Comey I thought that word was lost in government.
This is not really a women, it's a beast from the Ozark hills
I will take you seriously not only when you post facts, but when you actually have a profile pic. Until then, not credible.
And you do realize the irony that a troll is calling somebody else a beast?
Thank you!!! Please keep fighting!!!
McConnell and the Republicans only want to get rid of the Black Mans insurance and give their rich supporters more money. They don't care.
you sound like a racist!
Thanks Sen. McCaskill. Hold the Republican Dreadlords accountable.
I'm sorry but isn't that what the democrats did with obamacare
They actually held it openly had sessions where they could have amendments added and the rest of the party said no play. Stupid Obama then!
@clairecmc You are a Hero!!!!!
Do you job stop complaining
Her job is to report this I apparently you don't understand what a newscaster is.
We are ready to vote them out  2018
Just remember, there are more democrats seats being threatened than republicans, so make sure you protect the other party in this situation.
Call your Senators, don't let this bill pass. Many will suffer
And I am so sorry, but you all can't go to California for the insurance either. So call them!
You go girl!!!!!
Sounds  like you have to pass it to know what's  in it.
Too Bad She Couldn't Legally Say The Truth. The Truth Is These GOP Assholes Are Following A Dictator!!
THIS IS EXACTLY WHY WE NEED MORE WOMEN IN THE HOUSE AND SENATE AND GET THESE OLD MEN OUT OF THERE.THESE SENILE OLD MEN ARE A DETRIMENT TO US
Not only more women but more younger women of this generation. Preach on.
Wow #Sen.McCaskill takes on Sen Hatch over AHCA. Her & Liz could tag team Hatch, McConnell & Ryan! Right makes might
I hate wrestling, but I would pay to see that match.
Right on Sister! We need to improve the ACA and correct the errors.  the only way forward is a single payer plan.  #oregonstandoff
It's funny, everybody complains how much money it will be, but look how much money we will spend if we do the other ways now?
We NEED public hearings on this that affects millions of us.  And we NEED D's and R's to cross the aisle, work together!
I love politics.
Not a fan of it, but I do like the Mr. Smith moments.
This shows the BS type of govt the GOP is running. What a shame!
#SenMcCaskill, thank you!Repubs had every chance to be involved w/the #ACA over considerable length of time.Ramming the #AHCA thru is WRONG.
Almost 8 years and not having a plan beforehand speaks for itself. Can't argue this.
Repubs r protecting the insurance industry not the people. Will cause millions 2 lose coverage. They work 4 the Wealthy, not us.
Repubs trying 2 rush a healthcare bill thru Senate with no real hearings or input from Dems. Ready 2 take us back 2 the days B4 ACA.
@clairecmc you are my hero! thanks for fighting for all f us.
@POTUS @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @repgregwalden you should be ashamed of this process.
Wonderful and right on target!
"Honorable Senator" is a joke for a title.
Lose the "music."
Senrobportman re AHCA changes: you spoke of opioid crisis.NOTHING abt excluding your dem. colleagues! Please move frwd in a bi-partisan way
Bravo Senator McCaskill!!
@clairecmc Thank you Senator for calling Hatch out publicly. What is going on right now is not democracy. It's thuggery.
Unlike a bunch of others, he has his faculties and is not bought by you know who outside the United States. He has no excuse.
Boss Lady 
Shame on them.
Thank you @clairecmc. You do us proud in Missouri.
Wow.
This why we elected her she reps we the people. Maddow was saying this 2 yrs ago and now I agree 'Clare 4 president!' She's a winner.
If somebody was seeing this 2 years ago, that's a good enough track record for me assuming its proved, of course.
@iam_truthseeker @RyeFullerton @nowthisnews  Oh yes its proven ck her website out. I respect her & think those moderates would accept her.
