Your side lost.   Sit down and let the grown ups run things
Rogers advised trump transition team.
Fix it. Do everything in your power to save this country. Our lives literally depend on your resistance. I know we are minority but help!!!!
Not the minority that is what they want you to believe
True but i mean minority in congress
Amen!!!!
Not one comment in the last year that has an even bias.   Sounds like BS to me.  Just embarrassing rhetoric      Grow up and get a real job
You had me at no mas.
Presumably in response to news that a group of FBI agents want former GOP Congressman Mike Rogers as next Director?
FBI agents group endorses Mike Rogers for FBI director http://politi.co/2qgUz2t  via @RebeccaMorin_ 
This group reportedly heavily influenced by Giuliani, another very suspicious object of the investigation.
So the investigation has been ongoing since June 2016.  They have unmasked FISA warrants, the FBI doesn't need tax returns they see1/2
The no mas guy quit because he got beat.
Sessions gave permission to prosecute to the fullest he needs to be locked up first he lied under oath twice! He forgot he met with Russians
So, you believe politicians are untrustworthy? Go figure.
Filibuster until this is investigated and resolved. Americans respect strength and principle.
Has anyone heard about Alice she worked for GW.bush
Sessions only got in because at the time, no self respecting Republican would support Trump.  Welcome to the Apocalypse.
My Senator. You are a strong voice of truth and reason in an Administration that severely lacks both.
#BeLove
Sessions lied to Congress under oath and nothing was done about it. Porque?
Be ready Senator. McConnell will eliminate the filibuster for FBI approving Cronyn who will try and save the GOP from DT crimes
Yes, and I want to be reminded of who voted yes for Sessions and make sure that they have replacements on election day.
If Repubs put Gowdy or Cornyn in Comey's place, they are sealing their own losses at the polls in 2018. I still vote for Andrew McCabe.
I agree  no congress or Senate member should be eligible.
Kobach is going to defraud us in 2018 elections... If @GOP won't act it's about to be time to fight for our country! For democracy! LITS!
Thank you!
The GOP and Trump will do anything to cover for Trump
We need to get them all out, and Cornyn? He is a massive prick!!!
Sessions lied to Congress under oath. Lied when he said he recused himself from all things Russia. No trust for DOJ under Sessions.
Please step back and take a look at how you are coming across. Blindly and adamantly pushing such negativity is making you lose respect.
I  Whitehouse in da house
Thank you for standing up to the GOP crazies!
LOUDER!!!!!!

Are there any moderate Republicans you can work with to convince them we need an independent investigation?
Too late. That's exactly what Comey was doing, playing politics.
thank you
Get him out. Do what you need to get him out.
Thank you @SenWhitehouse - #1 -would make most sense 4 acting Dir 2 be hired - he knows 21+ yrs &  is respected by team #2 - #FIRESESSIONS
Sessions belongs in prison

Thank you Sen Whitehouse
Thank you sir, now convince your Republican colleagues... Starting with Rubio
Hang tough Senator!
"What the FBI needs is to have a sitting Member of Congress named its Director," said no one ever

No shit.
@POTUS who is under investigation should not be allowed to even nominate nor should ag sessions be allowed to interview! Why is it okay?
Then do something! You guys are literally showing ZERO backbone and are allowing GOP to finalize their one-party-rule plan for America.
It's going to be Jared Kushner, so don't stress about it.
Why does Sessions still have a job? He lied under oath!!
shut everything down. Delay. Obstruct.
Spot on @SenWhitehouse.
I'm kinda digging you senator. 
There was a Dem on MSNBC earlier today, I can't remember his name now, but he likes Gowdy?? Think he said Rogers too.  But Gowdy?? :-0 Nuts!
Trey Gowdy is the person for the job.
http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/333263-dan-rather-blasts-trumps-willful-disregard-for-the-rule-of-law …. Trey Gowdy is hyper partisan.
I say let the Acting Dir. finish the investigation OR bring back Comey!
You sure don't need Cornyn. He's my Senator. Wrote him abt Russia. He insisted he would be tireless in investigating this. Pants on fire.
Please do everything you can to protect our country.. We are at a tipping point..
Sessions should resign or be forced to resign. He's just like Trump full of lies! #liar #racist
Your right.  Would love Comey back, but Mike Rogers might be o.k., or the current acting director.  Trump just wants to shut it all down :-(
Doesn't sound like Rogers is a good choice from what I've read today.
Oh really?  That sucks.  I like him on CNN, but maybe he's too partisan too :-(
I want an independent investigation and a special prosecutor. Don't OK any Trump anything or anyone period.
Senator, You and your colleagues are our last defense against the Trump attack on Democracy.  Counting on you.
Americans w/not regard investigation as legit if Trump allowed to appoint person leading it.Give McCabe what he needs to finish b4 perm. rep
This is likely to get rammed thru.
#GOPtraitors
Thanks for your fine work Senator, don't let POTUS nonsense distract.
Hahaha oh Comey was an agent and worked his way up??? NOPE!  He wasn't you lying hypocrite!
Great point. And they should not have fealty toward the POTUS.
Trump shd/nt b allowed 2 appnt a new director until investigation is complet.It's ridiculous that he can appt. the person 2 investigate him.
Using that logic, why did the Democrats choose a candidate who was under FBI investigation? Comey did a good job letting her walk!
Indeed!
Bet you won't say that to Cornyn's face.
Amen.
Sessions should be forced to resign. This is all a BIG mess
A great pick would be Mark Filip, the final Deputy Attorney General under Bush, who's a former district court judge.
THANK YOU! Stay tough. This is all insane!
