.@maziehirono @dawnlaguens @VP You probably didn’t mind the previous president making these decisions.
taking rights away from women? I don't care who is doing it Im not on board.
What rights are being taken away?
access to affordable preventative care. Which in a 1st world country is an inalienable right.
doesn't Obamacare cover women too?
you need to do some research about what "obamacare" is. I don't mean this snarkily.
Yes or no?...seems like a reasonable question considering it would render PP unnecessary
Planned Parenthood is not necessary.
@SenateDems 

I'm a woman supporting @VP
I know it's hard to understand that the left doesn't speak for all women, bro.
what are the facts?
but I was asking for facts that everyone else seems to have..consider I may really not know
@SenateDems @VP Obamacare doesn't cover women's health?
Obamacare isn't a medical clinic....
No, it gives everyone affordable access to healthcare which was the topic of controversy over women health during the Hobby Lobby case
It's a tiring argument...and nothing is affordable about the ACA to middle class folks
How did insurance companies "get involved" when only certain ones picked by Dems in their bill could provide that insurance?
Payoffs were things like Michelle's college buddy designing the ACA website that didn't work for $500K?
Only Those in the Senate of Female Gender should be passing these Monumental Life Changing Laws that Directly, Unequivocably ~> Affect WOMEN
Yes, they should.  If a woman is crazy enough to even CONSIDER butchering her unborn child?  She needs someone to speak up.
So much of these fights with these Cons is in the language, stop say just woman's Healthcare & instead add 'American woman' are losing it !
Why do republicans hate women so much? Are they afraid of our strength in numbers.
Oh honey we LOVE women.  Including unborn FEMALES who get butchered.  We just hate abortion.  It's honestly not rocket science
U certainly hate taking care of females trying to get ahead via education let alone planning for pregnancies
Birth Control pills are ten bucks at Walmart.  What's the excuse?
Are they now providing Pap smears too? Do tell!
NO they do not, however, there are NUMEROUS clinics around the country THAT DO.  U act like PP is the only clinic on earth. #DAFT
how is not killing unborn children hazardous to a woman's health? And are only women able to decide whether babies live or die?
It's not!  Abortion is NOT HEALTHCARE!  (Unless the abortion is performed to save the life of the mother)
Yes it is. Period. As a mother of 6 kids & lost 3, I can vouch for that.
***ELECTIVE*** ABORTION IS *NOT* HEALTHCARE.  NOPE.  UNLESS THE ABORTION IS DONE TO SAVE THE LIFE OF THE MOTHER.
problem with planned parenthood they don't work with women that want to keep their babies only abortions
Not true; letting personal anti abortion belief cloud reality of PP mission.
You need to take your own advice
Seems like we'll be pregnant and barefeet in the kitchen soon ladies!.
That's pretty sad that you little ladies can't find your way to ANOTHER DAMN CLINIC except Planned Parenthood.  #DramaQueen
Your brain might need some planning faculties, little man!
That makes no sense, and I do use family planning because I am a #woman.   52 years old and never walked into a Planned Parenthood.
How many women do we have in Congress making decisions on men's health care?
Psssst.  #Abortion is NOT HEALTHCARE.  (Unless done to save the life of the mother)
We MUST vote them out.
Who is "we"? Liberal women. Don't forget that U hags don't represent *all* women.  We conservative women will be fighting you tooth and nail
pence and the repugnants who voted for this bill are NOT MEN. trump had a better name for all of them.
Mike Pence spoke for me, a taxpayer and a woman. I'd like to give me a big hug right now.
...not everyone thinks it is unhealthy for the child to have a chance to have a Life, inconvenient as it may be for parents to raise one up
It's ok what you or anyone thinks is healthy. But a woman ought to be able to make her own choices, no matter what society thinks.
...you do, within the law of the land of course. we just don't always get to have other people to pay for our choices and their consequences
But we won't be, nor have we been, paying for abortions.It's 3% of what PP does. Title 10 is about preventative medicine and women's +care
Planned Parenthood reveals its 2014 stats: 323,999 abortions, $553.7 million from US taxpayers.
No abortion money from taxpayers ; Hyde amendment. Get your facts straight; denying all women care becuz of 1 personal belief is hypocrisy
...living in denial, doesn't change the known facts and figures
So where do u get your facts & figures. PP has been investigated by Feds & nothing found. Supply legit facts from legit sources not BS.
Love Senator Hirono's sense of humor!
gee... I wonder what #PontiusPence will do???
Resign, you're a thief. Do nothing.
Thank #God for @mike_pence
Why does Pence dislike women?
I hate Republicans. The end.
How open minded of you
#DefundViagra #LimpDickisGodsWill
So men shouldn't have any say in where their tax dollars are spent, is that what you're suggesting?
oh my! We kill our babies but we let illegals and terrorists in to kill their parents! SHAME ON YOU SENATOR HIRONO!
SEND ALL YOUR MEDICAL BILLS TO MIKE PENCE. Make him your responsible people to pay your medical bills
Senator Hirono, why did Democrats not filibuster this legislation?
Murdering and torturing the unborn isn't "women's health care".
Thank you for always standing up for what is right, Mazie!
He is not making decisions abut your health but about MY tax dollars spent on YOUR health. I am a veteran
Dumbest tweet from a woman senator. shm
Show me the law chuckles that says taxpayers have to pay for Planned  parenthood. You cant. the law does not and never has existed.
If women like you hate men so much then maybe you should stop having sex with them and getting pregnant.
Marcy, you are making *WAY* too much sense.  All they want is to have the right to use abortion as birth control. Ugggggggg
Pence and his ilk both hate and objectify women. They should wear blinders and veils to avoid temptation.
Really Didn't you rely on Democrated Men to help push this to a tie where VP Pence had to break the Tie  Amazing!
Thank God for @mike_pence &his courage 2stand up for Christian values. Abortion should not be used as birth control; too many do that today.
Women's health! Babies HEALTH! Thank God we are finally standing up for the innocent!!!
The bland face of evil.
Your nothing but money hungry and PURE EVIL
You are talking about Planned Parenthood, right?  Money hungry
Chicago politicians poor example of life.
Women aren't the only ones who pay taxes - anyway that's why we have representatives
Very dishonest statement. He isn't voting to eliminate abortion, women can still choice for themselves.
I hope he reincarnates and comes back a woman
Sue, if he were to come back as a woman, I can assure you SHE would have sense enough not to even CONSIDER butchering her OWN UNBORN.
Your precious PP has over $billion in reserves, not bad for "non-profit." No need for federal funds. They'll still be plenty of abortions
Wouldn't have to if you had enough humanity to realize killing babies is evil.
Great job @VP @PPact showed all they care about is abortion, not women's health.  Abortion is #sexist #racist  More black babies are killed!
But I'm guessing you're thankful for the 7 MEN who decided--illegally, mind you--that women could kill their own babies?
Abortion is NOT health care.  There is NOTHING healthy about an abortion.  Get off the Kool-Aide.
CORRECT!!! #Abortion is 100% unhealthy for the unborn HUMAN baby that is butchered in the womb.
Men think they are so damn smart, try kicking them in the balls to get their attention
Not the best scenario, however, not all women are together on the issues. 2 ur  it's like a table of WASP talking Diversity
You are so right Retired CoS....They do not represent all women. Some of us have some sense.  Abortion is murder
Um, murdering babies has NOTHING to do with women's health.. Stop acting like an irresponsible child 
@POTUS
Shameful but not surprising from Pence who made similar moves in his state resulting in STD epidemic
Shall we be barefoot & pregnant in the kitchen too??? Rolling back all of our advances! 
Clear the floor except for one woman; Pence will have to leave.
OR: A man who can't trust himself alone with women should have no say in their healthcare. Seriously, fuck that guy.
He thinks it's women's fault that he is still in the closet.
"I need to save women from their own decision making.  To the Pencemobile."
Will his wife be present? Because, you know, other women are involved.
impeach VP for not protecting half of the population
That's the funniest thing I read in awhile. LMAO
Really? Only people with personal experience are fit to decide? Hypocritical and naive.
Sad. 45, his administration, & GOP are hell bent on the destruction of any word "woman"; human or earth!
More women need to RUN!  And VOTE. For Gods sake women exercise your right to vote these men OUT. Then get in the race and RUN RUN RUN!
@SenateDems @VP can women now decide men's issues?
Broken a lot of ties lately. Advance thanks to Pence from @DNC for 2018 elections! #TitleX
@SenateDems @VP should you be saying that? What obama done in 8 yrs about killed USA and you are still at it! #draintheswamp
.@maziehirono @asmith83 @VP Women's "health".   Bahahahaha. I really hope you don't believe ppl think your not talking about abortion ONLY.
@GOP @senategop you are legislating under FALSE COLORS. #treason
What a standup guy. 
They are going to be sorry when 2018 elections come up.
Will the @VP's wife (mother) be by her husband's (son's) side, observing when he fucks all American women today? #TitleX
men really have no right in doing so. They can't be mothers so they need to shut up.
They can be #Fathers.....AND YOU HAGS ARE KILLING THEIR BABIES.
It should be illegal for men to make laws about women's reproductive issues. You don't see women making laws on men's penises!
#DramaQueen.  Men can't get pregnant.  Apples and oranges.
We are working hard to protect American gametes.
Make America Chaste Again
@PPact @VP please do not defund TitleX
@JoyceJo81377834 @VP 
Pence doesn't realize this is not chivalry nor Christian nor being a standup guy
We must make 2018 our target year as the evil old white guys just keep undermining women & families.  Future is female!
And the young evil ones, too.
@JoyceJo81377834 @VP You know you ditzy ladies can't make important decisions like this... Just kidding. Pence doing god's work
We're doing our best to prevent some women from killing more women. 30 million women have died by abortion since Roe. That's a fact.
U have to get White Women in line. Vote mostly for Republicans. 53% voted Trump. Look to WM for support .
you realize you are just a  place holder @VP
Hawaii suffers while you waste everyone's time @maziehirono @VP
@NPWF @VP Abortion is murder of babies NOT women's health
@SenateDems he and the other old sorry a--  #GOP men need to keep their dirty hands off women's Health,do R women care?silent
Once again, a @TheDemocrats is scolding YOU, the voter, for voting for a man.
@SenateDems @VP  another sad day for Women in our Country.
No, the saddest day was 1973 when they  passed Roe Vs Wade.  Just saying
Pence is a misogynist in the cloak of Christian Values, a wolf in sheep's clothing has more cache than this empty suit
He's no different than other men who demean and abuse women in the name of religion be it Christianity Judaism or Islam. #americantaliban
Great job @VicePresidentMP
I am so angry that I cannot even come up with the words to express it 
Bless your heart. You will be OK.  Just choose ANOTHER CLINIC to get your health care.  It's really simple.
