James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
#releasethetapes
You say you have tapes of Trump on tape. You are making bullshit excuses for not releasing them.  Release then.
You should go back and read that http://link.You  wouldn't look so foolish.
Excuses excuses. Release them
I read the link. I consider it much like 45. Blurt out the truth and then deny it .
Potus blurts out true things and then everyone runs them back trying to tell you what he really means.  The post was no different.
Sent a subpoena. Don't ask.
#DonTheCon is no "Mr" he is an American Terrorist holding the highest office in our country & abusing it & #US daily!
Let's not forget those without whom he couldn't do this: McConnell & Ryan. And all the GOP who support him.
Yes! Every single @GOP is complicit with #DonTheCon's Treason & Agenda which it why their approval rating is 12%.
Most, not all. We have to be better than them and their broad judgements.
99%
I'd accept that percentage :p

With respect, enough with "should." Subpoena time. Make him refuse. No more nice guy. He will not play by your rules. #impeachTrumpnow
You are going to need Subpoena.  He's a trader & should be impeached.  He has now given out info that others have given in trust to Russia
Yes he is not suave enough to realise that people tell you about themselves AND he has never stopped doing that
If he is not guilty of "something"he is certainly acting like it! Every time he tweets, it sounds like "playground chatter!" #GROWUP
Is this a threat to Comey or do the quotation marks around "tapes" make it a vague suggestion?
I think he means duct tape...hard to tell.  He's a lunatic.
I keep calling him "unhinged"
I keep calling him an addled man-child.
I keep calling him 'felon.' 

Donny Draft-Dodger is a close second.
Lol....thanks for the chuckle
@realDonaldTrump it's like he doesn't realize he keeps digging his hole deeper and deeper each time he opens his mouth 
maybe trump should take some advice from @PressSec and hide in a bush for a while
No, no @LookswellStudio ! It's AMONG. AMONG the bushes. 
This article from The Hill clearly freaked him out.
Pretty sure Trump would have "drawn mud" reading that article
Oh, he clearly  in his pants, thus his tweet!
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
Get the tapes from Obama who has been illegally SPYING you fool! DT did not say HE recorded it! Maybe BO should be HIS pants! DNC= Corrupt
Way worse than Nixon...
Yep-Nixon was intelligent and knowledgeable about policy. As far as I can tell Trump doesn't have any redeeming qualities.
He'll make a sugar daddy in prison. 

Speaking of dads, where has his hellspawn been?
I'm sorry but isn't this a direct threat by @realDonaldTrump and should be considered some kind of obstruction at the very least??
I'm not a lawyer but Comey was still asked to testify to the Senate so it sounds like witness intimidation to me
Yep. First, Yates, and now, Comey.
And don't forget Bharara
Better hope that what you are saying is truthful is considered a threat? God help us the dems are completely insane now
We're w/ u, Adam. Massive orgs r forming to send campaign funds to whoever runs against @SpeakerRyan unless he puts country first. #Impeach
Who is @realDonaldTrump 's Rose Mary Woods? And does he realize Comey probably wore his own wire?
Can you subpoena them to see if they exist? Not that I ever believe him but calling is bluff now is more than a just a little important.
He let Russia borrow them,
fat change you are one Idiotic Californian Rep. Most of CA is nuts and you the biggest nut.Your party has no power thats why they sream
@realDonaldTrump 

Don't really care what Comey said because I'm sure what Trump said would end his presidency.
Can't your committee subpoena tapes and Comey's notes?
Respectfully sir, he can't fire you, can he? I hope you get to the bottom of this soon. Thank you for standing up for our country!
When are we going to stop acting like his bullshit has any relevance to reality.
Mr.Schiff if there are other tapes with other Americans doing their jobs we want those tapes as well
Another distraction of fake fact that is design for you to follow.  Keep your eye on Russia invest not what Trump tweets
I would ask all non-reporters to stop following Trump. Send a message that he is a liar &has no credibility. I did during the RNC convention
with all due respect, I doubt he's going to get right on that
Tapes? What is this, 1985 with a micro cassette recorder under a desk? 
When is enough,going to be enough.they are destroying the integrity of the entire county, let alone th White House!
Ummm when are you arresting #DonTheCon for threatening a CIVILIAN & former @FBI Director that he just fired 3 days ago?#Comey #TrumpRussia
Subpoena

Not to mention he both threatens a public witness and pretty much admits he is doing shady shit.
Goldangit, he always forgets to type jk after he tweets something crazy.
I would feel better if he did. At least I would know that he didn't really mean it. Unfortunately, I know, all too well, that he's serious!
IKR If he had any sense he wouldn't say the  that he does. I'm not just talking about sense of humor, he has no sense at all.
Yep!
Those tapes need to be subpoenaed. This is why we need a special prosecutor.
The only way to accomplish that is pressure your REPs on a daily basis; email, phone etc
Trump is begging to be impeached. What else do you want happen to realise Trump is a danger to this country.
Food 4 thought;maybe deep down he knows he's in over head and longs for his "old life" back!  Let's give it to him!
Political confrontation, live , on twttr!
Awesome or sick?
Maybe Russia recorded and Kislyak delivered to DJT who omitted Kislyak was at WH meeting. Sounds crazy, I agree. But so does DJT as POTUS.
Why should they be provided to congress?  Why don't you take a serious look at @AmbassadorRice unmasking Americans?
Wake up. Do you realize what the FOP would have done to Obama if he behaved as Trump? Does Pitchforks and torches sound about right? Impeach
*GOP
Is @realDonaldTrump deranged?
Can you please do something about this mad man?  Impeachment is needed just on the Comey firing.
How would one know now if he destroys those types?
You Democ"rats" should start over you people are worthless!
Trump is reminiscent of Nicholson in A Few Good Men. His arrogance won't allow him to get the hell out of his own way. He can't just shutup.
Yes!!! "He can't handle the truth!!!" Lol
Will Congress make an official request?
He just threatened Comey. That should definitely be grounds for impeachment.
Absolutely but Republican Party covers for him!  That's what sickens me.  They can't possibly support HIM and have our best interests at !
Trump is arrogant. If there are incriminating tapes,he will destroy them before handing them over.
Please send a certified letter requesting the tapes
@SpeakerRyan @SenBlumenthal ...today's cabinet mtg was SICK, unhinged and VERY DISTURBING....r we in north korea now ?
Yeah, @realDonaldTrump,  cough 'em up!
There are statutes on obstruction and threatening a witness.
Is the entire GOP complicit? If any of them aren't calling for an independent investigation they are conspiring to cover up.
Adam....if there is any way the moron in charge fires mueller , our country will go up in FLAMES...CANT HAPPEN....DISASTEROUS.
If a private citizen threatened a Former FBI Head they would be down at Headquarters getting booked why is 45  not being booked ?
"Lock him up!"
If you don't start Impeaching Trump you are enabling him.
make it happen
Russians probably got a copy so now they have Kompromat on the cabal of GOP members Trump has dirt on
Trump knows only 1 way to act. He intimidates & threatens like he did in business. But the Senate is full of lawyers that will subpoena him
Maybe Comey needs to explain why they didn't reveal #SethRich computer leaks https://twitter.com/NewtTrump/status/864467102622773248 …
Adam Schiff, the on going voice of reason, control, & class. Thank You Sir.
Hold on isn't it time congress subpoena the President? Is he getting this Intel from Russia or are we really in watergate time?
Idk if they can subpoena potus.
Yes, please do ASAP!!!  Crazy guy doesn't even know he's ratting on himself 
Just let him go on digging his own grave. But can we please hear about what Jared & Ivanka are up to while daddy is distracting the media?
@realDonaldTrump go get those tapez

We understand contradictions and irony. Trump does not. Trump has a rolling present where everything before that period never happened.
Surprise! Comey probably wiretapped himself in order to build a case for obstruction of justice in the impeachment trial.
@realDonaldTrump those words sound like a threat.In other words,they get the tapes,you disappear!
Why would he say that if he wasn't guilty of doing that very thing?

#turnoverthetapes
Trump is still chomping at the bit, because he couldn't beat @HillaryClinton without Comey. Comey didn't lock Hillary up. Trump fired him.
Everything is recorded, seems clear. Please get here tapes!
Mr Trump you are acting like a thug
Subpoena  "Comey Tape" Now. If he says he was only kidding, then start proceedings for removal.
This surely sounds like s threat. Petty not presidential. Sad.
Find the tapes before he tamper with them, please hurry,  get warrant
@realDonaldTrump gonna have more leaks than an oversized adult diaper.
He loves to threaten anybody! It's his favorite sport!
BREAKING: @realDonaldTrump has Comey on "tape" asking for a 2nd scoop of ice cream #icecream #disloyal
This threat needs to be taken seriously. 1st, as clumsy attempt to stop Comey testifying; 2nd, as signal there may actually be tapes.
Ding ding ding! Relevance! I remember that from law school...
Mr. Schiff if there is evidence on the collusion between Trump/Russia please provide it to the American people we like to see it
You're on Comedy Central making your case?  You are treasonous
@POTUS threatened to blackmail #Comey if he speaks.  Tapes or No Tapes.   Thats a crime.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan Absolutely. Immediately.
Adam I urge you and Congress to investigate this throughly and start whatever procedures are necessary for removal of this man.
Your trying to reason with a child. This is not a man or President.
Stop tweeting him and get a dam warrants to get the tapes
Another stupid lie. No tapes becuz they would show he is lying.  Follow the money from Russia to #TRUMP.
Adam Schiff for President NOW!!
YES!
When will this shit be enough?
The leader of Trumpistan falsely believes his actions are immune to prosecution from any source. So far @GOP doing nothing to protect USA
"Oh, and by the way, here's a warrant for your arrest: Wanted for witness tampering intimidation in a federal investigation. Send a marshal.
@RepAdamSchiff Question, If Russian collusion turns is true, then shouldn't the election be overturned, and new election be called for?
Everything that #grimreaperpresident has done including supreme court justice pick should also be overturned!
Look @realDonaldTrump how Mr. Schiff used the quotes around "tapes" correctly--as in it indicates doubt about their existence.
Raid the oval office and find out
Exactly. And if you did not make any tapes you should not make reference to them because it is very draining to society
Trump is clearly  intimidating & bullying Comey on a public tweet. Just straight gangsta!
So there is a POTUS who feels such paranoia he needs to record the FBI Director? Did he record his convo w/ Russia ambassador?
What does this squatter in chief have to do before he is physically removed from OUR house?! Put and end to this madness!
Exactly.
why are you always threatening people you're just a president not GOD and not above the law
The problem here is you're assuming Trump is smart/devious enough to tape himself. Note the assuming part.
Also, if there are tapes of the mtg with Kislyak and Lavrov, I'd love to have those to go with the Tass photos.
give em hell Mr. Schiff! You are a patriot.
He is a Bolshevik.
Those tapes are stored with the wiretapping evidence.
Nope
When will Evelyn Farkas and Susan Rice be testifying before the intel committee concerning surveillance of Trump campaign staffers?
Let's face it, #GOP leaders @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr are 100% guilty of undermining the institutions they've sworn to uphold. SHAME
Subpoena dat ass
Cool. We all know what happened to Nixon once the tapes were finally heard.
Unlike Trump Mr Comey takes his service too seriously to be 'leaking to the press'. 
This seems familiar some how.....
Does he want to be Nixon? Fine. #impeachtrump #wannabeNixon #crookedonald
There is a reason that he is obsessed with someone else tapping his conversations, first Obama now Comey. He doesn't want something revealed
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/RepAdamSchiff/status/863053212575821825 … (Ranked 1st for May 12.)
YOU'RE an unethical man why are you in office?
Nice. Get him.
Why aren't you bringing articles of impeachment?! It's offensive how long this is taking!
How are they supposed to do that? Dems are not in control. GOP leadership has lost all sense of decency, patriotism.
I'm aware! Dems can start by introducing a resolution wether GOP votes on it is a different story. This is serious enough to start.
Trump says stuff just to insinuate stuff. Trump wants to insinuate to his followers that Comey is lying about the dinner. No tapes exist.
Subpoena the tapes!
Have you asked the Russians for copies?
Something tells me he uses "quotes" to protect his "ass".
Then president just confessed to illegally wiretapping the director of the FBI, why is he not on his way to jail?
Is recording audio of someone still illegal without their knowledge, or is it 1 of the things (laws) that doesn't apply to @realDonaldTrump
He's admitting to them, making them publicly known. I think we have a right to know what's on them.
its almost like Trump hates his job and wants to be impeached
Wish has one came out! #Journalist will make it happen! #Trump deserve to be on his knees for all the mess as he create all around!
Did the President just publicly threaten a citizen like some mafia don. That's at least showing your true self.
Maybe he will use Nixon's argument that he is a king to maintain any tapes
Exactly! Adam Schiff 2020
Oh God no.  The nation despises him.
Not from where I am sitting!!
@realDonaldTrump Is it a leak if it's done openly, by someone who doesn't work for you?
When ur potus & u fight on twitter like a teen #resist #treason #traitor #blotus #sexualpredatorinChief
Wouldn't that be illegal? Either way it's time to #ImpeachTrump 4 allowing  spies into our WH & 4 interfering w/investigations.
Yes, all secret tapes regarding Comey discussions must be immediately turned over to the investigation!!  Taping someone is illegal!!
@realDonaldTrump If Don has proof of illegality by Comey is he aiding that crime by not releasing proof - Don put up or shut up
Let's hope you get them and there is not 18 minutes of missing tape.

July 17th lets move together as a people to DC so we can let these lobbyist funded crooks know how we feel about all this ruckus
@realDonaldTrump is threatening Comey but Trump is the one who would be found guilty if there was a tape. Should b required 2 b taped 24/7.
Silly me, was thinking ru press was planting bugs, not removing them.
COMEY TAPE LEAKS! Has TRANSCRIPT of OATH!! http://www.realtruenews.org/single-post/2017/05/12/LEAKED-Trump-Comey-Tapes …

trump is not & will not enjoy presidency.Already overwhelmed himself & us.He is not focused on work,doesn't even care. He must be removed.
Thank you @RepAdamSchiff for consistently being a voice of reason. #impeachtrump @GOP how long will u continue to support a madman/criminal?
He put tapes in quotes.. it may mean wires or nothing at all bec that's how qoutes work according to the President. #LiarInChief
He won't.  What is this country coming to. GOP sadly will continue to enable
Tapes, Obama wiretapped me, biggest crowds ever, he lies he lies.Only tape of importance is the Peepee tape.
So is that a threat or paranoia?!?
I'm sure he has taped members of the GOP that why they act like #headsburied nothing to see. #IMPEACHtrumpNOW #Obstruction #LiarinChief
Is this shit for real. Not one day without craziness from this wannabe President
Dagnabbit, Schiff!, they're still in editing.
@realDonaldTrump "Etc." is pronounced like it's spelled: et cetera.
Rep Schiff, can you and others  subpoena them?
Why what requirement is there for him to do that
Can we get an independent prosecutor now? Is this latest threat from @POTUS enough to warrant full disclosure & transparency?
@realDonaldTrump 
Keep on dreaming, get over the Comey firing he had it coming
I hope Comey recorded it!!!!
The President has all you moonbats going crazy.  He's the best.
You are the "Man" and still my new hero in Congress...Thank you!!!
Calm yourself Adam.  Hope you work as hard for our country as you do disliking Trump.
He is literally trying to blackmail Comey, and sucking up to Flynn. Not hard to put 2+2 together.
Or what, @realDonaldTrump?  What are you gonna do?  Such an effing  bully..Melania better start with you, as she fights cyber-bullying.
Subpoena the tapes!!!
Make sure Schiff isn't afraid to
Not doing so is a blatant obstruction of justice and a potential first article of impeachment.
45 tomorrow: "I meant "tapps."

#resist
Thank you!!!! Keep up the good fight!!
@realDonaldTrump subpoena the tapes, either he has them & will provide them, does have 'em and is in contempt.  OR IS LYING
You're unfit Trump and you shouldn't make threats at all and especially here
One day you will regret all your wrong doings
