You left wing elitist radical your favorite network MSNBC has guests on saying we should take down george washington statues.
Please make him go away
Everything....
What's wrong with this man? Give me a break, I only have 140 characters.
Trump wants to further divide America to deflect attention away from his crimes. Slavery, white supremacy & antisemitism should do the trick
A pathetic and terrifying non-leader for a country in distress @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Has he called her parents yet?
Nope
He's unhinged!
I want to reply "everything!" But, that's too simple. He cares not for America, only about himself and keeping support of the extreme right.

I'm assuming that's rhetorical?
Everything.
What is right with this man?
He's clearly mentally ill...but sadly so are 35% of the US population
I realize that with your comment you are trying to insuate that the 35% of people who support Trump are mentally ill. ...
Not a good analogy. It does a disservice to people with real mental illness that have a strong moral compass.
I don't mean to be mean but obviously I understand some would see it like that, but only those with sticks up their butts.  It's an analogy
Or people with real mental illness.
But we are all walking on egg shells about other people's feelings and being too PC.
He Is A moronic lunatic
not once has he tweeted about the lost of 1 of the greatest civil rights activist @IAmDickGregory. Why is he still in office? he has to go.
He's sick.
He has no moral compass & is unable to admit he when he is wrong.
Susan Bro Heather Heyer Mum Trump HATE filled supporters  "You didn't shut her up you magnified her" https://youtu.be/paXpD3azZCw 
Everything is wrong with him and the Silence of the GOP
MSNBC your network talking about taking down george washington and jefferson statues, constitution is next for you radical leftist nuts.
Saying nothing when Obama was silent about blm marching down the streets hoping cops were killed just after five were killed.  You hypocrite
I understand your question is rhetorical. It's time to get him out !!!!!
The shorter list would be what is right and good with the man.
Right now I can not think of one thing.
Are you still trying?
What's wrong? Hes a Pathological narcissistic paranoid delusional sociopath that believes his own lies! A sexist, racist bigot!
@TheLeadCNN Why do Nazi Septic Tank @realDonaldTrump & @GOP Cesspool @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP Support this Asshole?
The list is long...#resign #impeach #25thAmendmentNow
Don't complain, act.
Lots.
He's directing the narrative. Can't you tell?
Want a list?
The list would be so long that it would break Twitter...
Indeed!
He is beyond stupid
He is trying to look though the bull$h!t to help the American people
Wrote you in Feb re: MCI/dementia issue & need for full testing. W/ condition upper level thinking impaired. Each issue addressed 1-to-1.
Ability to address complex issues & weigh factors becomes impaired. Sunday already speaking w/Fox re: sheriff pardon. Yet no terrorist stmt.
Each day/hour/moment becomes its own box. Solutions are simple & straightline. Attention impaired. Sleep compromised. Short term memory weak
While likely not the only issue, it will be a progressing one amplified by stress. Full med/psych exam needed at Walter Reed. Urgently.
Close family members often serve as extensions for sufferers: memory prompts, cognition assists. Ivanka & Jared on vacation this past week.
I've been wondering if Trump's father, arrested once at a violent KKK rally, donated money to erect these Confederate statues? #Resist
so much is wrong
He's beyond toxic. He's radioactive
The statues are a reminder of our past not our  future. There is nothing wrong with them, its  the peole that are the problem.
He does not care about anything or anyone but himself, family and cronies..He is a  New Yorker.  Why would he care about southern monuments?
He's a dangerous man
nathan bedford forest - convicted war crimes. statue in Memphis. they are losers. potus did liken mccain - as hero. potus likes reb losers
Its a STATUE. Jesus fkn christ get over it already.
Whose "culture is he celebrating"? Not my culture, not my President. Vote for impeachment. He needs to fade away into history as a loser!
He's clueless, like the rest of his "kind" aka, kkk, ws, neos!
Trump is a very sick man , very sick
Just speechless to it all!
For the love of Goodness, Get Him Out Of Here! #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #SmashThePatriarchy
What's wrong with this man?  One could never answer that in 140 characters.  Even psychologists are scratching their heads.
Beautiful monuments to white supremacy: who would grieve at their destruction? Symbols of Jim Crow and the rejection of Civil Rights.
Where does one start?
In answer to your question, everything.
Really trying to spin this into an attack, how about a really old one liner "those who forget their history are doomed to repeat it" #keepit
How many YEARS do you have to hear what's wrong with him?
MORALLY BANKRUPT!! MENTALLY UNSTABLE!! .....on an on an on!! #ImpeachTrumpNow
you believe america should not be a democracy:  america's oligarchy called special interest are more your preference:)  resign
Omg when is congress going to be back session?!?! I'm bored out of my mind without live senate floor coverage @cspanwj
He's rallying his base & only his base; putting ALL his stock into the <30% of his followers. Not a sustainable plan. Oh well...
Mental illness.
Dementiabigotrymisogynyhomophobiaxenophobianarcissismsociopathicsexismpathologicallyinghypocrisygreedstupidityselfishnesswantstofuckhisdau..
Especially sad that Bannon says "We can go w economic nationalism"-- yes, they lie in their ads & go Full Swamp in policies!

@realDonaldTrump the natzi's & KKK wants the statues left alone! Really what else does he need to say to prove 2 @GOP he is on evils side!
There's so much, 140 characters wouldn't begin to cover it.
Too much to list here. #agnotocracy
Senator, I urge you to introduce a motion in the Senate to #CensureTrump for his support of Nazi terrorists and white supremacists!
Besides the fact he is crazy and without compassion, he is trying to appeal to his base.
Do you have a few days to talk it over?
he is mentally ill - im not sure how many demonstrations of this need to happen before Congress Ousts him on the 25thAmendment ??
That is, this polling:
The WaPo reported that the polling suggests the majority don't want the statues removed.  So he's pandering again...
Quite a lot.
Simple, INSANE No Compassion. All The Statues Can B Shipped 2 TRUMP TOWER & Installed in His Penthouse. There He Can Hug Them Anytime
He is being Honest!!!!! Something you forgot about!
....so so many things
What's wrong with this man? Everything.
Clinical diagnosis...mismatch in parent/child relationship with either excessive pampering or critisicm. In layman's terms..Daddy issues.
Rhetorical question?  If not, I'll compose my essay.
Everything is wrong with this person. Everything.
Name one Einstein
Since you asked -
What do you want Shelly Statues??? For what possible reason?
He doesn't care about the statues. He doesn't want us to think about the armed Nazis walking down our streets beating and killing people.
Hello, hello, is anybody in there?
Talk to your friends in the House and get them to issue the articles of impeachment. He is destroying us!
What wrong with you,why are you in a country you detest?Why can't people like yourself just pack your bags and leave America to the big boys
He's not well. Not fit for office. #25thAmendment
Prove it
60,000 Psychiatrists have an idea.
What is that, follow anti-fa?
#25thAmendmentNow
What's wrong with him? Everything. He is completely lacking of even an ounce of humanity. Or sanity.
What r u the pope?
Plenty
What's right with him? NOTHING. Trump is everything wrong in the world.
A Narcissist pandering 2 his Racist, Nazi & Evangelofascist base, calling some good people, ignoring the tragedy they caused is pure vanity.
#ConfederateStatues

Democrats removing monuments
to Democrats erected by Democrats

Take down all monuments to Racist Democrats
ALL
Nice rhetorical trick linking racist 19th cen. Democrats with anti-racism 21th cen Democrats. Your racist Right sympathies are showing.
Where do we begin?
Where to begin??!!
He started night before she was buried! Keeps doubling down over and over! He can not lead he's lost it! Hurting us, world respect gone
Quite clear he is nuts. Lunatic conman
We need a law requiring all @POTUS  candidates to pass a psych eval before running.
That's what I've been saying of the loony left, deranged and you don't share the reality of the majority of Americans,  Get. A. Clue.
what isn't wrong with the boy emperor?
You are a tool
Heard you are in jamestown tonight.  Someone is toasting your wasting our tax money.  Cheers
How about article 25 or an impeachment please!
He's not a man. He's a child. With nuclear weapons.





EVERYTHING is wrong with this man.
I've been told by a lot of people, experts in fact, who know a hella of a lot about this stuff, that he was dropped on his head as a baby
Says the joker to the king
Numerically or alphabetically?
That's what I'm saying what's wrong with this man Barack needs to get his husband Hillary in check
Impeach, please.   Get him out of our government.   He is unacceptable to our democratic process.   And, he is INSANE!
Prove it, demonrat
Does Trump know he is president to the descendants of enslaved African Americans? Does he know what these "beautiful" statues mean to them?
Everything.  Everything.
When is trump removed from ofc Mr Whitehouse?
He is not balanced!
So says the person on zanax
#ImpeachTrump
Everything.
Idolizing and empathizing with confederate statues is safe and part of his empty self devoid of real human emotion.
This dude's crazy us my guess.
The Studio 54 days have caught up with him.
Sadly the left takes this topic changing bait
Is that a rhetorical question?
What's wrong nothing..this is who he is . Trump is without morals values or empathy
Sir, listen closely, it's just targeted gaslight to skewer to topic and spin it AWAY from Nazi action and terror. Sadly
everything - literally everything is wrong with this man. why?
25th amendment NOW
Oh, okay, just cause you say so, loser
His person.
Can't possibly grieve two things at once can you.
Senator, we know what's wrong with him: @realDonaldTrump is a racist Nazi-enabler. Plain and simple.

Keep up the good work, Senator!
He is sick!!!
If people like you!!
Lots.
He is not mentally competent. He is morally bankrupt. He is completely unfit for the office he holds. Pls work w/your colleagues & DO sthg
Perhaps you could take the reigns from his hands? Grow up
Not grieving the people. Grieving the statues.....oh gosh, we are in trouble....
it is as if he is daring congress to punish him.  he is not used to being rebuked
#25thAmendmentTime
mental capacity. he is deranged.
Now, now, go to the cupboard and get your meds, be a good little loony lefty
he's demented!   #ImpeachTrump
He's mentally ill full stop
He is mentally unfit to serve. Give me an hour for an intake assessment with him in Florida where I am Licenced and I will diagnosis him.
Are u kidding me, your an expert on mental health? Good God above, no wonder the left have left the building!
#whatiswrongwiththisman
How long do you have? 140 characters isn't enough!
Exactly
Too many things to list on twitter!!
he is utterly devoid of a conscience or moral compass, that's what's wrong with him

#UnfitForOffice
What's wrong with him won't even come close to fitting into 140 characters.
Everything.
he needs to be removed immediately. hope you can call on your colleagues in the House to #ImpeachTrump, Senator.
Whats wrong with this man is one reason why I would not vote Trump for dog catcher,he is unstable.
Mentally unhinged AND a nazi.  One can only hope he'll choose a similar end to der Fuhrer.
You must impeach this narcissistic traitor.

There's a character limit on Twitter & in the White House.
Remove him.for love of country.

He's mentally unstable.
People are being deported who have lived here for 20 years.  Do your job.  Reform immigration.  Don't worry about statues and street names.
He is unfit to be President.
Your unfit to breath my air
Everything.
If you can't mourn life while stopping someone from erasing history
Everything
