But we also need help now! Do you think #Trump's empty #EPA & #Fema are going to help all of victims of #HurricaneHarvey ?
What about #repgoodlatte of 6th #district #Virginia blocking hearings for #Impeachment? Care about #America & its #Constitution & people
#Resistance #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump call #repgoodlatte 6th district #Virginia #Roanoke has & is blocking #Impeachment hearings Ck his $$
Follow the money trail It's there somewhere #Resistance #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia prosecute all who have accepted #bribery $$ vs #Americans
Psalm 55:22
#Cast your #burden on the #Lord, And He shall #sustain you; He shall never permit the #righteous to be [1/2]
Seriously @TwitterSupport?! There's no way to get rid of these bots?
Acts 8:22
Repent therefore of this your #wickedness, and #pray #God if perhaps the #thought of your #heart may be [1/2]
forgiven you. [2/2]
https://twitter.com/lovetogive2/status/904890607629250560 …
Thank you.
We need one for Citizens United as well.
What is sooooo funny if if you look at all of your comments they are all liberals
John MCain please look into hackable voting machines.  Paper ballots needed for 2018.
I could not be happier to have @SenJohnMcCain as my senator. He continues to stand up to the partisanship that threatens our democracy
Disguisting.
Heading off the soon to be democratic majority.
Senator, we need 2 stop allowing either party 2 control election boards, rules etc. no matter who has majority, equal control&representation
thank you Sen McCain!
Thank you, Sen. McCain! #SCOTUS heard youTues. Oct. 3, 2017"Justices Split on Voting Maps Warped by Politics"
#Gerrymandering Tues., Oct. 3, 2017"Justices Split on Voting Maps Warped by Politics" #SCOTUS  https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/10/03/us/politics/gerrymandering-supreme-court-wisconsin.html?referer=https://news.google.com …
Thank you Senator!This is called being honorable! JohnMcCain will go down in history as being 1 of very few GOP willing to do theRightThing
Also please overturn Citizens United. We know alot of campaigns unlimited funds from Corps.It needs to be capped.Not campaign all year long.
Proud to see legislators standing up for representative democracy not dishonest @GOP electoral manipulation
Bless you @SenJohnMcCain
Sir I would vote for you if you ran for press and I'm a dem
Scotus has hearing on gerrymandering on October calendar
That's great now when do we get to.bomb Russia
Only after N Korea and Iran. There's a queue...
Russia first
Nor do we like voter suppression & legislators who serve funders rather than People. Sponsor a free market choice, http://www.thefairelectionsfund.com .
You two are my favorite <3
A TRUE American HERO. Thank you Senator McCain. Your voice is loud & clear and we need it! God bless.
Too bad you didn't do this during the past decade. Guess you were alright with it benefiting your party then. Day late, dollar short.
GOD BLESS YOU Sen McCain !!! Gerrymandering is the biggest political evil in America today !!!
What about the ACA? Why are you flipping? 
Thank you!!!
Senator, once again, as a constituent on the other side, I find myself saluting you and thanking you!  Thx for insisting on Am Values
What can Americans file to get rid of your traitorous representation
http://fjl2018.org/downloads/docket-117-cv-00793-lavergne-v-us-house-representatives/ … Good luck John
You are an outstanding Americans for a grateful nation!!!
Retire!!
This country desperately needs #ElectionReform Thank U Sen McCain #PaperBallotsNationwide #OpenPrimaries #OpenDebates #EqualMediaCoverage
Thank you Senators!!!! 
Thank you Senator for a non-partisan stand for principles of democracy and fair elections, serving citizens and country over party and self.
Ending gerrymandering should be something we can all agree on
Absolutely! That's why I volunteered to help collect signatures to non-partisan action in Ohio to end it for Congressional districting.
THANK YOU!
Thank you!
Gerrymandering is an assault on democracy & undermines the will of the people. It must end or the U.S. is finished as a democracy.
I live in VA-1 and my gerrymandered vote makes my democratic selection 100% impossible.  a tiny blue pocket in a sea of red.  JMC Thank you!
Sen John has seen the light and perhaps his own illness has made him act with a new sense of bravery and courage. This is an honorable man.
I don't see this SCOTUS doing anything about this.  Except make it worse.  The country's democratic processes are on life support.
Thank you Sirs.
Thanks from a NYC lib. 
It is nice to see you back instead of the unable to think for yourself lockstep GOP puppet you were during the Obama years. I like you again
Thank you Senators @SenWhitehouse and @SenJohnMcCain!
If we can address gerrymandering and voter suppression we'll have laid the groundwork to right the ship.
Thank you, Senators McCain and Whitehouse!
#SaveACA
But you'll vote to take healthcare from the elderly and disabled? Good to know.
Thank you!
John McCain is lucid again. He has his moments.
Once again, thank you for doing the right thing.
Of course, there goes Gunga Din Mc Cain carrying The Dems water for them, again.
Rare agreement
Thank you, Senator. We need this, as well as the return of the VRA & an end to voter suppression tactics, to ensure our democracy.
John McCain you stand for what matters!  Thank you!  #honor #Gerrymandering
TRAITOR
Gerrymandering must end, once and for all. It allows unqualified politicians to represent us. #NonPartisan #Legacy
Thank you Senator McCain. May God bless you.
Welcome to the Democratic Party Senator.  Next step...make it official.  You're going to love it!
#RESIST
Thank you Senator. Many of us Dems stand together & support the sacrifices u have made4 country. Plz GET WELL!
Tht's a good thng 2 do,don't trust Scotus'2 do a fair, legal or honorable job.May not have agreed w/Scalia, but trsted him.Not Gorsitch
Please tell your fellow GOP members to STOP trying to interfer w/ or derail investigation in2 trump & Russia.We need 2 know the full truth.
If GOP details this serious investigation, what little trust is left in the GOP 2 do the right & honorable things 4 r country will be GONE.
Thank you so much. I hope he reads it carefully and acts quickly.
It's a start but will it go anywhere???
You and Kasich.  A couple of progressive capitulators betraying the voters that put you in office.  Self serving hypocrites.
Good for you. But are you seriously co-sponsoring another bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act? If you are, shame on you.
Thank you Sir. 
thank you my brother
Always grandstanding and  presenting a false sense of fairness, but  will make  promises that were never intended to be fulfilled. Hypocrite
People before party. I salute you sir.
Good, now keep your hands off my sister's insurance stability.
Maverick's gonna Maverick
I love it. Voting is a fundamental right for all of us. Gerrymandering on either side should end.
I don't know who this "Gerry" fella is, but he has got to go!  Apparently he has been mandering all over the place.  Stop Gerry's mandering!
Lol!
Are you still on the side of ACA? Heard you were going back to repeal. Please say that's not true.
Do you disavow the campaign promises you made?
Read  the GOP platform campaign promises you seem to have forgotten about! https://www.gop.com/the-2016-republican-party-platform/ … Or disavow the Republican Party!
Thank you for helping to defend our republic against those in the WH and in the GOP who seek to destroy our values and principles.
Thank you!
Thank you both. This is the single greatest perversion of what we used to call "American ideals," and an existential threat to US democracy.
Gerrymandering circumvents representative democracy, ensures minority rule without accountability to American people. Must be outlawed.
Gerrymandering is wrong
Thank you
Wow!!!! True????
This will never stop. We must eliminate the Electoral College to have fair elections in America.
So true bigger land mass shouldn't decide who wins
Thanks Senator, wishing you continued strength for yourself and America.

#Resist
Thank you, Senators. We appreciate you standing up for what you know is right!!
Thank you. I think u are offically America's Grandpa. We don't always agree, but you have our best interests at heart and often act that way
Thank you, senator. You are doing the right thing, rising to leadership. #resist
Amen!  All states should redistrict like #Iowa totally fair, non partisan.
Thank U.  If you could just get #GOP to stop VoterID, purging of rolls, cutting voting days, good start.
Please let fixing gerrymandering be your legacy! Toxic to democracy and silences independent voices. NEITHER @GOP OR @DNC should set lines.
You are a lost cause. Soros controls your vote.
Still a traitor.
#VeteransForMcCainRecall
Thank You Senator! It's very concerning for folks, to lose faith in American govt. and in their leaders.
I love your new fight. Keep it up.
Thank you  Senator! Let's get this ship back on an even keel.
Thank you Senators McCain and Whitehouse for your bipartisan amicus brief on gerrymandering.
TY Senators for doing this but will only help if you also file now brief to #EndCitizensUnited  Money is the root of all evil
#impeachtrump
@Schwarzenegger It's not a party thing. We are with you.
Thank John, for making your life and your days count for good as you always have. Even in your hardest hours. Praying for you!
Thank you senator
Right on,  Senator! 
This has convinced me that Sen McCain wears a white hat - he wants what's best & right for America. I applaud this effort.
One of few Republicans
I keep in contact with
Only one with my respect
I wish you well and luck.
Redraw our lines and stop gerrymandering @NCGOP
A supporter&a staunch critic. Am heartbroken about your health struggles. Keep fighting for our democracy that you risked your life for.
Yes! This gerrymandering and partisanship must stop. Thank you Senator McCain for championing this agenda.
Thank you both.
You Rock Sen McCain!!
Thank you.
End Citizens United.
Thank You, sir. You're back in the Maverick seat, and we like it.
This is what bipartisan looks like. Thanks for the reminder that it can happen.
A heartfelt Thank You, Senator.
Thank you! This is the core problem that must be fixed before 2020 (or even 2018)
Now that's the maverick we were told about!
Now THAT'S important . All you #lazyCongress care about is the next election. How about doing what you were elected to do?
Beyond words!  Keep this up and I will regain some hope for Our Nation.  So Proud of you Sir.
Thank you. This is important. While pending, please turn your attention to getting 45 out of office before he damages the republic further.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senators
Thank you for being one of the only elected officials in your party standing up for the people instead of those who line their pockets.
Thank you Senator McCain.  You are a true American hero.
We need to have a representative government, not a skewed one. Thank you, both!
Well...
Thay's about 18 years too late!
I don't think the President will understand this amicus brief and partisan gerry-mandering.   @realDonaldTrump
Get more brace senators to join you.  Stop this attack on our freedom and elections!
Thank you!
I don't see how gerrymandering could even be constitutional... districts should be by geography & population only...
Go #RhodeIsland !
Wow!!!
You know McCains turned, when Lisa G, likes one of his tweets!! LOL!! #STILLLOVEYOU
Thank you, Senator McCain.
Thank you!
I'm rooting for you McCain, I want to believe there's someone good in the#ComplicitGOP. Hopeful your mortality has returned your conscience.
Thank you.
Its been wonderful2 witness the return of pre 2008 John McCain! This Dem was excited when you began your run back then. #Welcome back John
Thank you! Now how about sponsoring a bill to get rid of big campaign donations and super pacs? Make elections by people for people!
Thank you Sen McCain
Thank God! There is a huge danger that 2018 elections will be a sham because of gerrymandering.
Thank you, Senator McCain. It is time to make sure every vote counts and to restore confidence on our electoral process.
Even with brain cancer he is fighting!! God bless our veterans! No one can match their courage and sense of duty! Thank you!!
God bless you, gentlemen.
Day late. Dollar short. Better late than never?
You actually think anyone believes you anymore. Voters will retire you
Thank you. The cheating has gone way too far for far too long.
War mongers of the world unite
Please fix this to restore representation in our government.
Hey McCain how about you get off your rear and actually fix are immigration program instead of pointing fingers. It's congresses job to fix
@docholly @SenWhitehouse Welcome back. Maverick.
Thank you Senator McCain!  It's nice to see you working in a bipartisan fashion again!
Bless you.
There are five conservatives on the court. There is 0% chance they will protect voting rights for blacks, cityfolk or young people.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator McCain!!
Excellent!
Oh, thanks, God. And thanks to both of you, Senators. Please team up with the efforts of @Schwarzenegger.
Just jump on ANY bandwagon Schumer brings YOU! Why pretend to care about the GOP anymore?

Now we're talking! There's the man who could've had me voting Republican.
You sir are my hero.
1999/2000 McCain is back-- would have been better than Bush 2x ..
Sir, you have restored my faith in you. You are a TRUE conservative who knows what's RIGHT and JUST! Thank you, Senator.
Go John McCain!
Lately John you've proven yourself to be a truly great representative of the people, keep it up! And Thank you!
TY
thank you sir!
Thank you!!
Right on, @SenJohnMcCain!
Thank you Senator. Gerrymandering and vote suppression is what is destroying our democracy.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain & @SenWhitehouse for supporting this effort to curb gerrymandering!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
Senator I applaud your recent support of what is right and humane.  Please do not let partisanship cloud your vision when the senate is back
God will bless you to live 100 years for doing good for all of us. Keep it up.
Can you file for impeachment?
Thank you Senators.
Thanks 2 both of you & especially you Senator McCain, because we have some serious gerrymandering here in AZ.
Thank you Senator!  This is a great first step from a true patriot! You can lead the way in saving our republic! #25thAmendmentNow
 Thank you!
Thank you Senator
#alternativefacts
Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain!!! And you are in our prayers. Hope you are feeling well.
Gerrymandering is as equally evil to our political system as the easy money to super pacs is. Both must be changed
Gerrymandering dilutes competition of ideas. Weakens us all.
Right on, @SenJohnMcCain .  So proud of you.  So grateful for your fight for what is right.
thank you sirs.
THANK YOU! Maybe we can start having bipartisan work being done. Also, please see what you can do about Citizen's United and DACA.
Thank you Senator McCain!
Atta boy.
Thank you for the rare show of bipartisanship gents!
Wow. I didn't see that coming. Thank you. I live in PA: it's demoralizing 2 c special interests be given priority over citizen majorities.
Hallelujah!
Thank you!
Thank you. Respect.
Wow. The doctors at Mayo found your soul, huh?
Thank you sir. You will go down in history as a repeat hero. Except for that time you picked Sarah Palin. 
Thank u Maverick
Stop playing games and get something meaningful done--Healthcare, tax reform immigration. U talked for 8 yrs, now its time to walk the walk.
This better not be constitutional! If it is, then let's go Dems! One good turn deserves another.
Thnks @SenJohnMcCain 4 UR patriotic brief abt gerrymandering. Russia & gerrymandering got Trump into the WH.We must return 2 full democracy.
Yes , McCain is obviously more comfortable with Dems in charge. He can be soooo unaccountable that way, pathetic.
