Climate Change is simply another way the so called ¨experts¨ or elites are milking the sheeple...  #fake
Sara is a fake Breitbart-generated account.
This is the response from one of the sheep with only 39 followers  
I'm not arrogant enough to think the number of Twitter followers is a measure of intelligence.  You, Breitbart account, are FAKE.
You are way too gullible.... You mean the corrupt #media are fake.... Exhibit A Keep listening to the Lobbyist-controlled #media
It is you who are the gullible, lying sheep.
Hey dummy, climate has cycles, study the history, millions of years... No proof humans create climate change, but elites making $$ from this
Along with the US military, NOAA, and NASA, why don't you argue with MIT climatologists and 98% of the world's scientists?
Win the fight?...you're feeble humans, you can't beat nature, the elements, outer space, the sun...the arrogance...
climate change is a global scam.U can't stop the climate from changin,its been changin for billions of yrs.Not our fault
Ph.D in climatology from trump U?
Make Trump Irrelevant!
trump accomplished that long ago!
Will Michael Bloomberg be giving up his private jet and flying coach to save the environment
Yes.
We English join you in prayer for the latter...
US has President attacking highly qualified scientists - years of study/ research smashed by deliberate ignorance/ vested interests
Fights with no opponent are very easy to win. And now "Bloomberg" is an expert too? Hah! 
What's the source of this? I'd be v. surprised  if it was peer reviewed & published.
Why? AGW was pub'd and that was faked from day one. Source is right on the graph.
I just found this on a blog. It is therefore unreliable. Pretty poorly done as well. Do you have no critical analysis skills?
I have excellent critical analysis skills. That is why I know that GloBULL Warming is poppycock. FACTS are in more prevalent than "blogs".
You're deluded. Go back to school.
Well senator then you should stop flying around in your carbon mission jet fuel to jet and your limousines hypocrite
@Franniescotti
stop spraying our skies with your toxic chemicals which are causing devastation on our environment! You create climate change!
Yes #WeCan
but we shouldn't have to go thru *45's obstacle course,
we just need to stop all #TreasonTraitors
Esp in #OurWhiteHouse+Congress!
Who quotes the failing NYT other than a failing senator ?  Epic failure you and @nyt
@Franniescotti
Yes you can. If it works and people are willing to buy what you're selling Government force is not needed.
I hope ur right!
Many cities, counties and states have plans to expand clean energy & protect the environment, Trump be damned.
Obama was focusing on the wrong things about our environment.
it's going to be without because Trumps only concerned w/$$$
Global cooling in 60's , global warming in 90's, now climate change? Why not the weather?
B/C the weather & climate are different. Look it up. Also there was no consensus for cooling in the 60's.
very stupider move on Trumps part, karma is a birch, so when the next mega storm heads Washington's way, better watch family close.
Hey Mike, nothing contributes more to "climate change" than to idling cars thanks to your ridiculous bike lanes and squares- NYC ain't Euro
I hope Mr. Bloomberg is right! Climate change is the worlds problem, we all have to care
#formernewspaper
No need to withdraw. Paris blarney agreement was designed to be unenforceable. #scam
No progress will be made if you continue to ignore family size and responsible breeding.
MAybe he meant with or without the NY Times!
Fool, you've already lost the war and you don't even know it.  Obama's efforst were tool little/too late & had no impact on foreign culprits
Without! Please! Without Trump!!!
Obama saves auto industry by forcing fuel efficiency cars & sales skyrocket now Trump wants them 2go CH11 w gas guzzlers
Thankfully people & businesses care about clean air & water!
We finally agree on something
good, just do it without my taxes and leave my land, cows, and streams alone!
Why don't we focus on the science and exclude these political misstatements and rants.
The only people on this planet that r still scratching their heads about #climatechange r those living under a rock.  @realDonaldTrump
@RepAdamSchiff: "I don't know whether the @nytimes sources are accurate."
that is the most honest thing he has said since trump was elected besides all the propaganda he spews. Nice Job Adam, honesty
#withorwithouttrump WE HAVE TO 
Quer acabar com o mundo
Great perspective and indication of just how uninformed Comrade Trump continues to be
@michikokakutani I hope so
Without, please!
We have to STOP the ILLEGITIMATE @POTUS before he returns us to when HE thought America was great! NEWSFLASH IT WASN'T SO GREAT BACK THEN!!!
When women were barefoot & pregnant couldn't speak out & men manipulated everything trump/Pence are evil self serving little men traitors
Yes, you can do it without my tax dollars
Mr. Bloomberg, you're always free to do more.  You do not and never did need the federal govt. cramming environmental law down your throat.
Just like @MikeBloomberg wants our guns...........lmao!
Opinion? That's a fact!
But it's not as if other countries are doing what they said they would. So, no, you are not going to solve global warming this way.
Not thst any country is living up to its obligations ANYWAY. 
We've actually lowered emissions through fracking.
emissions would be cut by just one-hundredth of what is needed to keep temperature rises below 2 C."
So, it will achieve NOTHING (2)
"The U.N. itself has estimated that even if every country lived up to every single promised carbon cut between 2016 and 2030 (1)
Thank you @MikeBloomberg for that uplifting post, we and the WORLD needed that.
P p p p personal responsibility.  Watch your mouth.
haha yes, you can do nothing and the earth will do what it does best. #globalwarming #fakenews #globalcooling #70s
Great article on what's been clear for a long time; economics will end use of fossil fuels. #ClimateChangeIsReal
"The avg cost of wind power has dropped to $20 per megawatt, compared with > $30 cost per megawatt for electricity from many coal plants"
Do what you want as long as it doesn't come from taxpayers. Use your own money.
"consumers are demanding energy from sources that don’t poison their air and water" KEEP DOING THIS
When I saw this trending I was hoping it was new @U2 protest song!
How about without? #WorsethanWatergate #RecallElectoralVote
That made me feel a bit better. Thank u @nytimes 
Finally, an uplifting story.  With all of the seemingly bulldozer attempts of trump to blow our planet up, happy to see cities/bus lead
.........Michael Bloomberg is as much a fagot as Climate Change is a Hoax, ....I am voting for Donald Trump again on 2020.
I see some flaws in this.Coal co. Closing bc they are no longer profitable can be reopened if regs are favorable to do so. Clean air
initiatives are already in process that would be foolish to roll back, it clean coal initiative, automotive technology that
is already in use, etc.but the goal is to continue improving technology toward cleaner use.This is where he fails us.
Mikey write that check today for everything in your accounts. Make that first step. Do it man...time is running out!
where does DJT get his INfo ...probable on toilet walls....
Can someone please address Ryan's statement about moving from "being the opposition party?"  We have a minority party in the US
.@TheEconomist @WSJ @FT @thetimes Is Michael Bloomberg right? A person who @POTUS respects needs 2 deliver a #Masterclass on #ClimateChange
Critical is the selecting of the #SME Start with what @POTUS knows, #Coal and #CoalMiners & show what the better options R using $ & ROI
Climate change is natural process. Human footprint is too small to make any difference.
Yes We Can! With Hope and Change! And donations to Al Gore to be spent in environmental causes, like shoring up beach fronts with mansions.
You are either delusional or deliberately fantasizing. Whatever changes we make now would be minuscule, compared to bigger picture.
We can only hope that we can get back to the morals and ways that have Made America Great Again  after Trump! #LifeAfterTrump #Impeach&Jail
Yes Hillary and Bill are ready for sainthood..
Because man has been able to stop the onset or decline of  ice ages or global warming that have occured for millions of years
FAKE president Trump doesn't care about climate, his decisions will NOT "make America great again" but they will make the RICH happy.  SAD!!
Without
Something is wrong when with the stroke of a pen, important regulations can simply be dissolved.
I'm hoping everyone keeps moving in the clean energy direction.
Its as though we are sovereign citizens who can positively impact the environment without involving the government... Oh wait, thats real?
We can, we don't need #trump 's permission to do the right thing for future generations as well as our own!  
Dude read the article. also China is heavily invested in solar, way ahead of us in its infrastructure. #economics
We are giving up leadership on almost all fronts except military. We can still kill a lot of people, so there's that..
Encouraging.
