You know things are bad when the Washington Post runs that headline. Wow!
@MJGerson hate fake news#fakenews
Honestly did the people who voted for him not see that he was a complete dickhead or did they just not care.
Michelle Obama: "Being president doesn't change who you are, it reveals who you are"

Trump was, is & will remain a soulless selfish racist!
Really he racist how do you explain cnn and MSNBC not showing this?
The job is just to big for him, but he won't admit it, and blindly goes on.
you'll eat your very own words one day. #MAGAeveryday
He had a soul?
Donald Trump never had a soul to start with he just an old racist rich white men why do people sing surprised by how crazy he is
He even HAD a soul??? Really?
Let’s see how anyone at WaPo would handle the constant hate propaganda by lib obstructionists assholes! Trump is resilient, karma’s coming!
Opinion: There is a constant stream of garbage "news" reporting coming from a liberal biased outlet for no reason.
Wow, that's helpful and no doubt a qualified medical/psychiatric opinion. More WAPO/Bezos garbage.
And that's not his only shriveled feature.
There is emptiness where news used to be Washington post
Did not know he had a soul!
DOUBT THAT... Evil resides in that vessel... I say we burn it at the stake!!!
a) Most are being removed to museums, not destroyed. b) They're not monuments to our history. They were erected during segregation...
...to intimidate people and keep them in their place. They're a very real symbol of some of our darkest times.
Putting them in a museum, w/the historical context surrounding why they went up, is the best way to memorialize these Confederate monuments.
As if museums don't already house Nazi memorabilia and relics of the Confederacy and slavery. Nice try though.
Two trump older sons being devoured by lions they had been hunting for the thrill of it.   You know, karma is out to get you
that is if you believe he had one to start with.
Soul???
I'm pretty sure he was born soulless
That's not the I my thing that's shrivelled
He never had one

1/2 What are your thoughts on this #KKK #Event ? #BLM #WhiteSupremacy #Klan #Charlottesville #VA 
Shrivelled, rotting and stinky
It is very obvious who follows wapo!
probably non-trump supporters.
“@washingtonpost: Opinion: There is a shriveled emptiness where Trump’s soul once resided. Assuming he ever had one, is debatable!#impeach45
Sociopaths have no soul
I miss the days when the news was real and not 100% opinion based BS
Amazon's Washington Post is working overtime with its propaganda and bias against @realDonaldTrump.
WAPO is not only morally bankrupt but to call POTUS souless when WAPO supports every lib Dem moral oddity and policy is pure hypocrisy+evil.
Trump's the only politician being honest about the Charlottesville fiasco & Franklin Graham agrees so, is Graham a racist too, I think not
He is a sociopath
Is there any evidence he ever had a soul?
In the matter of Trump's soul, I am an atheist.
He had a soul?
Why does anyone think Trump ever had a soul? This is the guy who cancelled health insurance to nephew's sick baby.
Reading 'shriveled emptiness' thought at first headline was referencing Trump's....um, stubby little fingers...;-p
What soul?
Trump doesn't have a soul & never did.
Making a rather big assumption, aren't you?
Trump never had a soul!
It has to be money or at least the promise of money. Unfortunately #DumbDonald rarely pays what he owes.
He sold his soul to the devil a long time ago.
You Must be Speaking of Your Lame Excuse for An Editor!!! 
That emptiness was there since birth. The man has no soul. He's a mindless empty suit that should never have been chosen for President. Sad!
President Trump's soul is being prayed for by millions. Evangelical Christians, all denominations & Jews. The will of GOD will prevail. Amen
Enough already!  Both sides behaved poorly.  We have to use civil means to resolve our issues.
What soul?
Thank yo for your article.  And, what Trump is doing to the GOP, who have always celebrated being the party of Lincoln, is unconscionable.
What makes you think trump ever had a soul?
that was about about 67 years ago. he was destroyed as a child.
@washingtonpost Give up ur Bullshit & lies already We will always love & support Our President Donald Trump! Wp UR FIRED !!
There never was a soul- a man alone- no true friends
He had one?
and your proof he had one is what exactly?
that's not the only thing shriveled
That is His own money he uses.  OK. His money. Not like Dummers tax funded vacas

You're too kind. He never had a soul. He's an empty waste of excess skin, escaping hair, and completely morally devoid.
To out of touch to be our President! time to go back to building buildings America needs a morally sound President not a 
What balanced coverage, lololol. WaPo isn't even fake news anymore, they're fake religion.
Politicians have no souls! That is a prerequisite!
I think his soul was extinguished from really emotionally absent, distracted & therefore neglectful parents.  He seems frozen in childhood.
Oh he never had a soul.
It amazes me how divided this nation is. Scared for the future
Another biased leftist "opinion"--Alt Leftists demonstrate the empty "souls"in the US-let's hope Joel Pollack at Brietbart buys WP
Please provide evidence he ever had a soul.
You sound just like my cousin!
Just like the shriveled emptiness in his 
Trump has a black heart
That's the damn truth!!! Well put!!
Also in his pants.
He was born without a soul, and groomed to be what ever he is today.  Filthy, evil spawn.
there NEVER was a soul there
Let me tell you. I believe in equality. My left testicle is called Alt-left and my right is called Alt-right. And my third testicle...
His mommy and daddy twisted it years ago
@realDonaldTrump has daddy and/or mommy issues.
I don't think there was that much space to fill - ever
Did he ever have a soul?
Before or after he grabbed a strangers pussy?
Soul? Trump never had a "soul", just an abnormal brain...so sad 
I know there is a God our creator! You judge Trump politically! You hate him by the words you use? You incite violence! God bless you
##if Trump would turn in the keys to the White House we will not ask you anymore questions. Just let him walk away.
He has no soul!
Shriveled up like his orange self!
...when he was 5??
Ya think?

I don't think he ever had one
Who the Hell said he had a Soul in the 1st place????
Did he ever have a soul?
WP knows nothing about soul! When u don't report and r in denial about the racism & hate of BLM & Antifa... both sides equally BAD...
Shriveled....along with other things 
He never had a soul ...
He had a soul? Who knew?
You guys aren't even trying anymore
Of course that shriveled emptiness is massive compared to the remaining smidgeon of journalistic and editorial integrity at WaPo.
If he ever had one
Prez Trump's soul is in perfect condition, worry about your own soul.  All aboard the Trump Train, standing room only.  God has his back.
he never had a soul
Writing theater scripts now, I see. It's okay WaPo, you'll learn how to be journalists soon enough.
Trump is looking pretty rough let's just hope he dies soon and then pants is a lot easier to control he's an idiot
And it was supposed to say Pence not pants
Did he ever really have one?
If he ever had a soul in the first place.
Postings like this by a media company that's supposed to report news, is irresponsible and sad. Please stop with the bias hit pieces
The WaPo is the propaganda mouth piece of the Alt-Left and democrat party......nothing but hate 24/7
He never had a soul
Disagree. The man is a narcissist in the extreme. Let's get clinical.
Fake news! He's never had a soul.
"shriveled emptiness"? Oooh, don't go all literary on us now. Guess trump should've waited until heather heyer's body was cold to react.
Once resided is questionable.
trump is Godless and NEVER had a soul.
Excellent article sad but true @realDonaldTrump  U should read this and get very sad
Check trump's history. Even as a kid bully, he never had a soul. Reason he was sent to military school
I think I he was born with no sould
Not sure he ever had a soul.
Trump knows his  is limited. He and many in his administration will cause much havoc as possible to America.
come on,he's a spoilt overindulged toddler with no boundaries. There's nothing profound or enigmatic to understand. Ignore tanrums/no treats
IMPOSSIBLE @realDonaldTrump NEVER, EVER HAD A SOUL!
...if he ever had a soul to begin with.
No soul? Let's talk about people with no soul, no heart. Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Barack Hussein Obama.
Nice headline
You are such creeps. Opinions should be mature And measured. You are still in high school.
Since when did he have a soul to shrivel?
The only emptiness I see is in your piece-of-crap excuse for journalism. As "Washington" is now racist, perhaps rename #WaPo Toilet Paper.
I must add a black heart
Opinion: you are anti American, pro facist, and souless news.
One thing I have learned well from the DemocRats. CRIME DOES PAY! Am I the only 1 to notice how hard it is 2 prosecute a criminal Democrat?
An Opinion from a Socialist, anti-American Yellow Rag that hides under the guise of a Newspaper.
He never had a soul.  Remembering the 70's as a New Yorker.
Once resided? He never had a soul.
Opinion: "Washington Post" NEVER had a soul!
Really? The editors of this paper should be ashamed of the product they're approving. Biased hate messages to help create a #falsenarrative
He may have had a soul before he could talk but it was gone a LONG time ago!
He never had a heart or soul. His father sold them to the devil long ago @realDonaldTrump
WaPo is losing it
This is the same hate you pretend to be opposed to, hypocrites
He was born without a soul
Like so many of his voters, Trump's staff are also empty, soulless people who need validation and approval. They will implode together.
Excellent article.
I don't really think there was ever a soul to begin with. What you see now is no different than what you saw before. Heartless!!!
The shrivelled emptiness where Trump’s soul once resided is coming for you & the country, the emptiness is coming for the democracy
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump The man is a narcissistic sociopath, he NEVER had a soul to begin with!! It's all about him and screw everyone else!
There's plenty more that's shriveled up
He never had a soul, silly.
Stop the moralizing and name calling.  Are you a newspaper or a political website?
The #WashingtonPostMortem was paid $600 million by the @CIA to present an anti-Trump and pro-globalist agenda.
You people are giving him too much credit. He lost his soul the minute he realised what money was
You're re-electing the very man you hate and you're too ignorant to understand.
Problem seems to be that he wings it most all times whatever his gut tells him in the moment! There is no serious thinking on his part!
Oh please.
Voldemort's last chunk of soul writhing as a naked helpless baby on the floor - yep, that's @realDonaldTrump. #trumprussia #charlottesville
He's unfit for USA
You give too much credit. There was never a soul.
The only thing shriveled is the left.
Try looking in the mirror WP/Trash media/not good for America
And it's people
Nice try Bezos.
The book is not meant to be there - we all no be can't read
That's not all that's shriveled
Bannon supports our freedom, rights and liberty for all people.  Globalist seek our nations destruction.  See Europe.   I support Bannon
Was Trump's soul "healthy" when he wouldn't rent to blacks 45 years ago?

@MJGerson C'mon WP, enough with the veiled euphemisms, tells us what you really think.
Brilliant. "When loyalty requires corruption, you must leave".
Not sure he was ever human to start with
What "soul" would that be?
Read the King James Bible. It will show u that u r wrong.
He's the No Soul Man 
Clinton: "Dry ice where her heart should have been"
There is TREASON in the News Papers & Media that can be corrected by President Trumps DOJ.  Undermining, Fake News.
It's cute that you think Trump once had a soul.
So gracious of you to conclude that President Trump once had a soul
@POTUS has more of a soul than most in DC. That's the problem, trying to MAGA surrounded by politicians who sold their souls years ago.

Lmao
He lives on his own reality which means he is insane-so  Congress remove him from office.
Wait, what? you liberals are atheists there are no souls, right?
Muhhh, Trump is still our President
