Richard, if you track past real estate deals like the one in Scotland etc. you will see that he is a pro. Even the story of buying Maralargo
Define "pro".
I'm surprised not to see the phrase "abuse of power" mentioned more frequently. I'm not a lawyer, but it seems fairly straightforward to me.
No sooner did I write this than the erudite @tribelaw talks about it on @amjoyshow
excuse me the ones who did the obstruction is the democrats.Obama and Lynch obstruction of justice in the email investigation
wait till he is being sued 4 hostile work environment by Comey 4 creating a hostile & intimidating environment no one should have to work in
He's like a dog with a bone.  Won't let it go!!! When all this finally comes to light, WOW      Patience is a virtue I'm working on daily.
Spot on. Comey is a witness in the Mueller inv his involvement didn't end yesterday. Kasowitz is not very good at what he does

Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch at Sky Harbor??? Only talked about the grandkids,  sheeple
What does that have to do with Trump? 
It's a bot
How about "Operation choke point" or targeting conservative groups, Americans, businesses based on beliefs or ties. And ordered by the WH?
Sure intimidation has always worked before. Threats, countersuits, lies, paid off judges, all mob methods. Mob lawyer knows how to terrorize
he likely will
I agree. And DJT saying there were tapes when there are none, is also intimidation towards Comey
2/ as "bait" for the Special Counsel. The noose is already beginning to tighten--and Trump still thinks he's the smartest guy in the room.
My guys gonna "LOVE" you when you get to prison
It's abuse of process and his lawyer can face bar sanctions for that.
And someone go after Gingrich and Giuliani for the anti-Comey PAC ad. Surely Rubles in that PAC.

He can't help himself.
Trump is scaring future witnesses off! Who will talk to Congress now?
This is the result of civics classes not being taught anymore.  People forget the Prez has authority over depts.
Whacko lib nonsense, get real fool. Comey will be indicted before Trump is charged with anything
It's not either of those things when it is within his constitutional authority to do so.
Call it what it is #SHAKEDOWN
As usual @realDonaldTrump accuses others of what he himself is doing.
Typical Narcissist
His tweets alone, directed at Comey, is DJT intimidating the witness!!! 45 & GOP think he's above the law! When will they stop the madness?
He's done that w/just about every case he's involved with. Mostly thru his lawyers.
But does anything matter? Any crimes committed, can only be charged by complicit @housegop @pryan et al? And tried by complicit @SenateGOP?
They all are getting VOTED OUT IN 2018!

VOTE TGEM OUT!
How can a private attorney instruct the DOJ the do anything?
Can't!
I really enjoy your interaction and inputs.  Hope to hear and see more of your discussions
1/ Libel isn't as easy a case to prove as people think. On the other hand, Comey is a smart guy. I believe he testified in an open hearing
What are the odds that Kasowitz is disbarred before this ends?
trumps longtime MO has threats and intimidation, to whoever spoke against him or tried to stand in his way.
And why haven't they started impeachment proceedings yet.  Oh because he isn't Black... I hate the GOP
Comey is a Whistleblower! American Hero!
Trump is a Traitor!
IMPEACH & JAIL TRUMP!
Bring on the prima facie case, 45! Think he knows what that means? His staff doesn't; just have proof convicting them in claim not guilty!
STOP POINTING THIS SHIT OUT AND HELPING #TRUMP! Geez stop shortening the rope
And on this count @GOP can't wave s & say 's new at this. He's an expert a Olympic level intimidatator & lawyer must know law & complicit
Painter is correct.  Witness tampering is the act of attempting to alter or prevent the testimony of witnesses.
Still curious why this man's history in real estate didnt & hasnt made front page news. Till everyone knows the whole story, the real truth
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #COMPROMISEDPRESIDENCY #IMPEACH
Dig!!! And dig!!! And dig!!! And diggitty!!!
Dig!!! And dig!!! And dig!!! And diggitty!!!
Dig!!! And dig!!! And dig!!! And diggitty!!!
Truth
Abuse of power too.
dude he's just new at this /s
@SenWhitehouse You're a better lawyer than to fall for that BS lib mantra.
@SenWhitehouse 
Pass the bong pal...SMH
Let's hope he continues to remain ignorant of Constitutional law. His ny atty and inability to secure inside lawyers is gonna merk him.
#trump thinks he's a #MAFIA Godfather ....but he's just a garden variety #scamartist
Problem is I think DJT does not remember half of what he says In Lester intv I believe he said Comey arranged for dinner?
They're all out of their league. Final frontier for the trump mob is outwitting the law & all Americans for personal gain. Won't happen.
Absolutely true
Duh! Trump is managing in true Mafia Boss style (just like far old Dad)! Wouldn't be surprised if he owned an "Enforcement Squad".
Aa
MAYBE POTUS IS NEW TO TECHNOLOGY TOO - ANYONE CAN RECORD FROM ANYWHERE AT ANYTIME!!
someone needs to tell DOJ to investigate Trump's leaks of "classified" info received from Israel to the Russians. Which is a crime?
He must be crushed othereise someone else will try.
What does one expect from a common street criminal, such as someone who steals money from children's cancer funds
That's his nature. He doesn't know any other way to solve a problem.
That's exactly what he did to Hillary during one of their debates. Threatened her with a special prosecutor.
Trying to deflect our attention as he did with the so called Obama's wiretapping, it won't work just like that big lie on Obama didn't work
.@RWPUSA He's a bully. Always has been, always will be.
Does #Trump pay Kasowitz or are taxpayers footing his bill?
Didn't he already engage in witness intimidation of Sally Yates?
Care to explain how investigating the leak of a government memo is witness intimidation?
sign me up too -- Comey needs to be investigated.

this revenge porn will be their own downfall & i won't feel one ounce of sympathy
It's so obvious.
I read a Tweet from Nancy Pelosi earlier today. DT's MO is to charm, bully, abandon and sue. So succinct. And so TRUE.
Just threatening it is intimidation.
Wow,  no matter what the President does you'll find something wrong with it!  The problem is with people like you!
But if he "owns" Justice, who stops/presecutes him?
It will fall on us to get enough voters in booths 2018. The only other savior after that would be a military coup, which would be horrendous
What if he sends a tweet saying he "hopes" the DOJ would investigate Comey?
RIGHT! But #GOP(GaurdiansOfPutin) Defends and repeats lies #ConDon has and continues to tell w/o pushback frm what was #GrandOldParty...WHY?
Absolutely, altho one could argue he has already committed both offenses.
Shhh ...
Thank you for your insight.
Thank you for your continued insight and information
His entire adult business MO has always included litigation against those who've accused him of corruption and fraud. Intimate & Sue others
Add it to the list. 

God, will this be over before or after America is dead?
Will the damage be reversible from a long-term point of view.  Sadly, many people's lives will be hurt or destroyed.
I know. The damage INCOMPETENT @realDonaldTrump has done in less than 5 months is irreparable. #trumpPoliciesStink #GOPpoliciesStink
This should make @replouiegohmert livid as an American.  Oops, he's put party over country. Sorry Louie.
Exactly there is NO other interpretation
then DONALD TRUMP is a TRAITOR
DONALD TRUMP who gave RUSSIAN government officials ISRAELI TOP SECRET INTELLIGENCE calling FBI DIRECTOR COMEY a LEAKER,
Witness intimidation already done when he threatened "the tapes".
Don't forget about the Obama "wiretapp" claim...
45's  lying,disrupting ,childish,bullying,and not following protocol,checks/balances will  become 50x worse. The GOP  gave him the go ahead
And we have large base in Qatar...
He's an angry vengeful person who rarely considers that actions have consequences.
Because 4 most of his life he hadn't. That spoilt entitled bully is going to be a fat pasty old man blubbering about his victimhood in jail
Oh, shut up. Comey's acts are glaringly inappropriate yet you dismiss that in favor of obsessing over unsubstantiated rumors. Shut. Up.
Let's put trump under oath!..& let's count the lies..
Yes
You guys-- SHHHHHHHHH!!!   LET THEM DO IT FIRST AND *THEN* educate/nail them.  You are helping them out!
Poor Delusional Don. He's just so dumb he doesn't know things like laws and history. Sad
Can't someone file a complaint with Bar association for this conduct?
This is not going to end well
What about libel? Is it not libel to call Comey a liar? Will no one who believes he's said untrue things about them EVER sue DJT for libel?
Does there have to be an expectation of truth from the libel slinger? I wouldn't think DJT carries any goodwill with regards to truth.
And yes I am ironically arguing that Trump cannot libel because no one believes what he has to say.  But I'm not a lawyer, so who knows.
Mueller (on the phone): "Mike, add this guy Kasowitz to the list."
He fired Sally Yates. Not because of his illegal travel ban. They pushed that threw to have an excuse to fire Her.
Can they say no?  If they say yes, what then? Will they be in legal trouble?
@greta put Richard on to debate @AlanDersh on legalities. A fair fight
Shhh...
Let it happen.
Please God, let it happen.
Ditto.
Watched you this morning on CNN, agree with you 
but he's above the law right?
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/trumps-500000-venezuela-problem/article/2620782 … ROSNEFT DEAL  COLLUSION STARTS HERE 
Ha!
