They also marched us into Iraq and every other bullshit war, advocated jailing Snowden, they're really terrific
Remove him from office rather quickly for the sake of our nation.
On what legal grounds? Your opinion? Democracy says, Hillary lost...deal or vote.
He wouldn't have won if it wasn't for Russia.
Then the masses who elected him are also unfit, and need to be fired. Incompetence begets incompetence.  We elected the man-child president.
The people didn't elect him the electoral college elected him get rid of them
Let the people elect their President not no electoral college .
Another libtwit politician trying to divide with lame accusations.  BTW senator, what was the outcome of the insider trading investigation?
Impeach the unfit and his unfit VP to.
Wapo-CIA-Amazon trash? Not astounding
unfit,  he beat Hillary with ease. why? America believes he is more fit for the job.
Both of you are jackasses that is how dumb both of you are jackass.
Trump is an embarrassment for this country; he is unstable and unfit to be  a leader of this great country.
Not exactly a stretch. He wasn’t qualified to begin with.
Same outfit that ran ad for porn king.
 glad you believe in the democratic process. The dems lost due to their elitist attitudes. Can’t impeach just because of butthurt.
At least someone is telling the truth - now it's up to Rs in congress to take action to save our country before it's too late!
I think @SenWhitehouse is unfit, should we recall him?
Not enough. They should insist on Congress exercising 25th amendment if he is unfit.
Who didn’t know he wouldn’t be, oh right, every republican in the country, losers and fucktards!
Thank you @CYVANCEDA, Love the we paid you Trumpkins, @DonaldTrumpJr and @YvankaTrump Chinese clothes and Slavic Hos @POTUS PRENUP! @FLOTUS

Lock up this incompetent old man in the basement of his Trump Tower building in NYC and throw away the keys.
He is just incredibly gross, represents America very poorly. I can’t believe we have fallen into this cesspool.
Yes, unfortunately this idiot is a representation of his supporters. The rest of us will looks at him as a Clown in Chief.
Clowns are meant to be funny. This guy trump is not funny. His awful demeanor is an unacceptable representation of America.
Tell that Clown reference to Stephen king, and he thinks that he's funny like clown when he's insulting people. My interpretation.
I know what you mean about Stephen King. Trump thinks he’s meant to be on stage, entertain us. Buffoon. He craves a stage. Maybe in jail.
I disagree with this article. It IS time to impeach. Impeach and Imprison the entire bunch. Drain that swamp before they drain the coffers. I am so sick of waiting and watching this nightmare.
USA DETEST U TRUMP bc U CHEATED 2 BE POTUS & IF ALL WERE EQUAL UR LINEAGE OF LIES RACISM & MISOGYNIST DON’T QUALIFY U 2 LICK OUR BOOTS!
I have to subscribe.
Now do something about it. We all know he's unfit!! Now get him out!!
But he IS unfit. And has been since inauguration, arguably before. Why he still inhabits the presidency is a mystery to patriots everywhere.
I am a combat veteran so that must qualify as a patriot and i am extremely proud of President Trump.
Of course he's unfit. And apparently all the @GOP in Congress know it too. It's time for you all to do your duty and remove him.
What took them so long?
After 8 years of Obama or BO, the Washington Compost should be able to spot someone who is unfit to be President. Impressive.
It was still a fluff piece. Saying it's not the time for impeachment discussions. They clearly don't understand how low our morale is
What took them so long...
Senators that dont support our prez are "unfit " to serve our great country.
Those court jesters in congress only work 3 days a week f......k them get out into the real world we r fed up ur time is coming
And not you WOW
The question is what do you do with an unfit Senate
Not true Potus is not unfit! All you people in Congress are whomps and need to work together with Potus do your damn jobs!
Trump is the anti Christ!
Hey Senator. They are late to the game. Those of us with eyes have said since June 2015.
Pretty astounding and pretty ON POINT!  Thank you @washingtonpost!  Thank you @SenBobCorker Thank you to all heroic & patriotic journalists!
Meanwhile, Republicans in Congress…
Pretty astounding:  that it took them this long to state the obvious.
Impeach
..... RIGHT ON RIGHT ON RIGHT ON!!!!!!
@SenJackReed   OK - we know. So, what the hell is #Congress going to do about it - and fast? #Resistance
Wouldn't it be nice if congress did this.  You would think this is the very LEAST they could do.
@ABC @realdonaldtrump @msnbc The washington post says What do we do with an unfit President? Trump is a huge risk to our country! #unstable
Lives are in danger. No exaggeration.
Do objects fall faster when they are suspended in space and gravitational force is applied 
It's so scarily obvious.
@Earthunderglass @washingtonpost That is a perfect title for any column written by a sane American about trump as president
Do something about it with reaching across the aisle. Fix the problem.
WaPo is now nothing more than fish wrapper
Well worth the time to read!
#25thAmendmentNow
It'd be astounding and dishonest if they didn't.
Correct call
What's astounding about it? Seems like a no brainer.
@GOP @GOPHouse @Cabinet @GOPSenate @VP Dear Honorable or Dis-Honorable Leaders, please read the Washington Post article.
Because they're not idiots?
It is the responsibility of our elected officials to fix this
Weinstein OK got him Now it’s time to go after the pervert in the White House
physically sick at times and mentally overloaded every day. We want, need, and expect our legislators to use their power to DO SOMETHING...
We've know that Trump is unfit to be president since the moment he launched his campaign.

it. I mean no disrespect towards you. But I believe I speak for most Americans when I say we are tired of words without action. We are/4
matter of public interest? If so, that's fine. If you agree that he is unfit, however, I want to know why you're not doing anything about/3
Short thread to Send Whitehouse. 1/ I would like to know if you agree that DJT is unfit. If not, did you tweet this article just as a /2
yes what to do with an unfit Pres?  Amendment 25?  Trump is all about chaos and his reality show.  support hr669.  support womens rights
WAPO IS THE BEST PUBLICATION MONEY CAN BUY: Shelly your the best politician money can buy! Your donors need their money back! You sir unfit!
How does "Impeach and Inprison" sound to you, America ?   Suuuuwwweeeeettt !!!
Unfit attaches quite well to you, and the rest of your 'swamp dwelling' pals.
Clearly you have no idea who you’re talking to. Sen Whitehouse is always cool, calm and collected on your behalf. Even when you’re a jerk.
Too bad they're still sitting on a story.
What may be stopping them, is fear of Trump's Republican angry base with guns!  
#GunControlNow
"Astounding"
Why is it outstanding? It’s just a newspaper’s opinion...which most of us don’t care about.
step one: don't elect a monkey escaped from a cocaine study..
#WahingtonPost calls Trump unfit.  Trump challenges it to a one-armed push-up contest.
After his tweets this morning it should be crystal clear to everyone that he's mentally ill. We've always known he's unfit.
Impeach yhe mf
@CaseyHinds @washingtonpost           WTF took them so long?
the vast majority of us have known that for months now. 
the 2nd part of that is the important passage. what to do w/ him.
So? Drag Bezos before Congress, read him the riot act. Nobody elected that cocksucker or need to have his opinions masquerading as credible.
Walk him and his cohorts out! Make America great again
Ya.
Like that document that FORCES US President to protect & defend US citizens & US borders & deport illegal immigrants?

That document?
Whoever is paying any attention can see that he's unfit. Do you read his tweets? @realDonaldTrump is out of his gourd.
Okay. You're nuts.
@GOP can "demonstrate that governance based on ideals tempered by compromise, rather than showmanship & cynicism, can produce results."
Lock him up.
On what legal grounds?
Amen.  American public will support this.
Coming from WaPo it's #FakeNews #DTS
But the GOP hasn't finished raping America. Once they have moved to erase Obama, then maybe. But I suspect they have more rights left to trample. They own this.
Nothing compared to what the American People have been suffering, for over the pass 200 days. Stress, Anxiety, Disbelief & Humiliation, etc.
I have had a blast watching libtards feel all those things.
I must be a fucking genius because I knew it over a year ago
What will you do about it? Do you think they are reaching? They are not. Fix this.
Sen Whitehouse’s 1 of the Really Good Guys & would initiate trump’s departure if he weren’t in the minority. When enough Rs wake up, he’s 
In other plainly obvious news....
Not astounding. @washingtonpost has been out of touch for decades and deranged for the last year. Justifiably ignored.

