Oh boy, another one of them...
Is there one decent person in this Presidency
More fuel for the Mueller fire?
Tillerson spends more than that in a year on flowers / gifts for his mistress.  Ppl DO know about his mistress, right?
RT This IS the smoking gun (exxon oil deal with russia) Always has been the prime reason repugs won't turn on trump
Slap on the hand for the corrupt Russian bought @Secy_State_US
The abyss of corruption!  True wet noodle lashing for Exxon...drop in the bucket for the 500B deal pending  lifting of sanctions on RU. Grrr
$2 million only? Sounds like ExxonMobil got off cheap.

So they fined them the equivalent of peanuts?
Of course! We can't have a Trump appointee with zero ties to mother Russia. Wouldn't fit in with his comrades.
It will never hold up . mark my words
Sweet. The Secretary of State cheated on the rules of sanctions towards Russia. Shameful
Exxon is a multi billion dollar corporation. That $2 million is a tiny drop of nothing to them. This is BS!
$2 million is cheap.  Jail time would have been more appropriate.
How is this not an extremely troubling conflict of interest, Senator?
That's it? That's pennies for them...
Again politico is spreading more fake news and lies lies and more lies
2 million fine on billions in profit. Wow. What a deterrent.
This is yet another smoke screen to divert attention from #POTUS
Lol 2 million, that's a penny to exxon
Is this a joke!
What is happening to the United States?
Chump change.
Shouldn't Tillerson be held to account?
Yet MSM will not criticize Exxon or Tillerson or the 500b oil deal( largest in history) which will make Putin so rich he'll be untouchable
And what sanctions will he face? Absolutely none! Talk about drain the swamp!
It took them two whole minutes of shafting the public to make it back, too.
And then he's hired by Trumpolini. Corrupt to the core.
Talk to Susan Rice or Samantha Powers yet?
look at this shit
@Secy_State_US secy.  Anything to say?
Follow the money.  Its all about Exxon.  This whole stupid mess we are in was architected by Tillerson from the beginning.  All of it.
When Tillerson was CEO!
Senate should have done "extreme vetting"!
Sanctions?what sanctions?
Good
$2 million will be paid out of Petty Cash.  Could have said, Exxon Makes Millions While Tillerson Limits Fine to $2 million.
Again I ask. How is this not huge?!
Makes me wonder if Putin dictated(ha) Trump's cabinet picks.
Lol poor tillerson.
Everyday it's something new.
What a time to be alive.
Best soap opera ever.
Corruption is the ticket to admission in the Trump administration.
Ouch, my wrist stings ... ok, we're good, wink wink
I am very terrified all the time
Tillerson is another Dominionist conspiring with Putin take down U.S. gov and form a white supemist superpower with Russia

That's all?? I would like to see #rexxon a little madder!
Well do we really think he got his Russian medal for being a stand out great principled guy???
WOW!!& NOW, the rotten sob is sec. Of state!! What a great 
Punishment in the lyin, flimflamming, rotten presiddntial crime family

And he's now the Secretary of State. Really upstanding guy.
BIG DEAL Exxon got a $85 million tax refund so I guess breaking sanctions was a bargain. How many Americans does it take to pay $85M in tax?
He was just a CEO then... Imagine what he's getting away with as Secretary of State...
When Corporation commits crimes aren't Corp officers criminal ?
Exxon pulls 2 mil out of their front pocket and plops it on the table.  "Anybody feeling like a happy hour"?
didn't they just revoke another fine from Obama admin?
Add him to the list.  Cancel retirement honey.  I'm going to jail.
yawn...
Well, well, well.  And here he is Secretary of State.  Precious.
$2 million is chump change to them
Watch gas prices rise tomorrow
2 million really???? That's pocket change for this company inner u they feel that's 2 million we'll spend smdh
Nothing to see here ... quick, tweet something about Comey ...
It was Obama 
and Hillary 
and Lynch
had it coming
Maybe a reason he is part of this circus...
I feel bad for Tillerson. Hes actually trying to do a job he doesn't want that's completely understaffed.
They are all dirty.
Every single one.
The cabinet is destroying itself.
Ah ha .....surpried? Not me.
So he'll resign immediately, right?
We can hope!!!
Putin: "I'm returning Rex's Best Good Guy Award!"  
And yet he's our Sec of State??? Why does the word RUSSIA seem to come up over and over again in this administration?
Great
It's cool. Tillerson has blue-eyes, a last name ending in a consonant, and a penis.
And not necessarily in that order.
