 for finally calling them LIES instead of your previous term, "misleading."
How about building a Trump Presidential Lie-brary?
The world is in a sad place when you have to fact check the president....
@hms0813 here is a recent update.
Thanks Frank.
Some of their items I think are nit-picking....and some are more like different interpretation than truly an alternate set of facts...
I don't take their list at face value....
Thats it?
Who is signing those bills? Did Truman say, "On our desk, the buck stops"?
It would be much easier to count the truths. Far less.
Lie- President Clinton had more
Sponsored media are the ones lying.
And the lies keep on coming! Trump's hit parade of lies! And a one and a two....
6/6/17 I Tweeted: @POTUS' delusion upon delusion in delusion with delusion wrapt in delusion.
where do i see a list of your lies, fake stories,  and bias coverage ... oh yeah just read  your failing paper,wait i cant cxld
How crazy is it that taling lies is even a thing!
The worst part is you know the sicko @POTUS lies to sicko @realDonaldTrump and vice versa.
obama said you could keep your doctor and your plan
Please provide one truth.  Maybe he dyed his hair?
There's no list of trump lies n y t Times. Get list on Hillary. Get list rice get list Obama get list onlynch get list polose get list. Bull
No wonder suicide rates are up, people are dying. All this divisive, hatred and antagonistic behavior is enough to make anyone mentally ill.
MORE THAN 42 BILLS.????
From 'fake media'.
Big deal. I'm more concerned about Hillary lies and Obama lies about Bengazi.
There's a difference between Bloviating & Lying.... Find your sense of humor & maybe America will love U again.
Where does your lying end, Faux-Po? wow - pathetic
Going to need more storage on the cloud, soon.
BS. Add to all your lies?!
When do we get a history if @nytimes lies?  Would challenge "War and Peace"
all lies, but the bills he signed helped the 1% assholes, not Americans
Do you actually think youre helping your cause? You cant rationally believe that other than your preferred candidate lost, this is not BAU.
You are bleeding credibility daily; to anyone with a mind, youve become worse than Howard Beale. Youre a post-modern, Marxist Sean Hannity.
There isnt anything special about this president, just as there wasnt with the last. In the end, neither will change anything.
So why are you hell-bent on this media crucifixion? Its much ado about nothing. And it isn't your place as journalists to incite a riot.
Your job is to relay the news to us plebs. That's it. You aren't tastemakers, you're not, actually, supposed to be makers of any kind.
Thx for keeping up with this , I was trying but Damn they were coming quicker than I could key them in
Guess people at NYT really lack understanding of truth or for that matter a mistake or bravado to compensate for lack of accurate reporting!
#45 just makes things up as he goes and then believes it.
Please California drop out of the United States we don't want you anymore 
I did not see the Times print all of Obamas or Hilary's lies and there were many.
The Times are a bunch of traitors and should be shut down
Blah blah blah destroy trump blah blah blah
Curious on whether you included his assertion that Napoleon failed to invade Russia due to extracurricular activities?
I should clarify- do you count bat-shit crazy statements as lies or just discount them?
And yet, your paper got another exclusive interview with him so he could tell even more lies. He's made lying for distraction a fine art.
What are the Numbers so we can check your Fake News outlet's "Opinion"  I notice you didn't post this as News.... Fake News @nytimes
Donald@trumpcaresystem.com
If you like your doctor you can keep it if you like your hospital u can keep it if u like your insurance u can keep it  Barack Hussein
hillct me
Since you NYT are going to do that with trump make a second list with all the lies and fake news for the NYT for the last 2 years 100s pages
Did anybody notice noticed those  Presidents were all #Democrats?
Such a loser. Can't wait for him to vacate that stolen seat
Here's our latest update on @realDonaldTrump's lies. Enjoy!
Obama never lied right? Or clinton
Not 24/7/365.
@SalemState
Will @POTUS ever lead by example on 'Made in America'? http://cnn.it/2vvHLqa   #TheLead https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
#TrumpIsaLiar #TheResistance
Oh my!!! He is delusional

I want one!
do you have paypal?  i can sell you one through PayPal too.
Is anybody tracking the New York Times lies and retracted/corrected stories? #potmeetkettle
Feed the Sheep....
LiarsTrumpConcededFDRsRecord NotedTRUMANs&Disclaimed "iTHINK" MeanwhilePleaseListResources forCarter's70&Others I'llWAIT
It's weird, I don't remember y'all keeping a running tally of Obamas lies. There were a sh*t load of them.
Just because the @NYT says there is "no evidence" to support a comment that Trump made, doesn't necessarily mean Trump lied.
>>"I'm talking about through the legislature"

Trump lying about his accomplishments *and* telegraphing he doesn't know what a bill is.
And cause more damage to the sovereignty of the U.S. and well-being of the AmPPl, and our environment than any president in last 20 years.
I'd count yours,but I can't count that high!
Hahahaha reaching new heights in fake news!
Better count your lies. They go over million methinks
I don't think there's enough gigabytes on the internet for that....
update ny times fake news.
This is why we have trump and will again in 2020
You just dont get it.
Fair play to Trump. Ensuring full time paid employment is made. Well keeping up with the pathological liar is a full time job.
Surely you will be adding more and more.  The list could be updated daily no doubt.
