Not our first brief together. In 2012, we urged SCOTUS to get dark money out of politics. https://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/news/release/whitehouse-and-mccain-file-supreme-court-brief-critical-of-citizens-united-super-pacs …
Thank you both!
Does not matter without paper trail.
whitehouse for president 2020
Thank you for all that you do! We the people are with you! #resistance
Screw McCain and all the opposition Rep's.  They can take a hike..through the desert in Saudi!
I'm not sure I trust his word anymore anyway. Didn't he resend his vote on the ACA? Jerk
*rescind*...
Without gerrymandering the GOP will be doomed.
WI was subjected to this. Look what happened this election. We were cheated.
Cheated.  No. Its was a 9/11 ir Dec 7 equivalent. Attatcked and massacred #resist. Overturn
TY!
Is that the case,we will get fair election results now.
John is a patriot. God bless him&america. Joe for president.Our election should be null and. Void and trump tried for treason #revolution
Is this McConnell placating sane people w/ words again while knowing there's no way in hell he will let it pass?
So glad to hear that. What an injustice to have districts purposely set up to give the Republicans the advantage every time. Get it fixed!
Thanks to both of you! @SenWhitehouse @SenJohnMcCain
Agreed! It will put an end to the stranglehold the Democrats have on California. #democracy
About fucking time!
Please add a rider to that requiring paper ballots with clear bipartisan counts & double counts. No machines or computers.
What took you so long?
Thank you, John McCain....
Can you look at this one?
Thank you. This is more important then any legislation in 20 years
Thank you. Gerrymandering and #votersuppression are growing threats to our democracy.
Yes! Removing #Congressional #lobbyists, reversing #CitizensUnited & eliminating #electoralcollege will also help restore #US #democracy.
Nice, but as long as he supports the GOP's healthcare plan it won't restore his reputation. We won't forget.
THANK YOU!
Absolutely! Thank you!
Awesome
Did you now? What end did this serve? Pray, tell us, Senator McCain...
Thank you so much!! Gerrymandering needs to end. Your continued support is greatly appreciated. @blueslz read this.
Well-done
Kudos, Senators! While you're at it, Senator McCain, can you please drop the bill to repeal the ACA? I thought you had come to your senses?
Meanwhile he will take advantage of the 2016 gerrymandering to take healthcare away from Americans.
Hooray @SenWhitehouse @SenJohnMcCain who r doing their job  helping 2 revive & respect our democracy. Unlike #Trump who's destroying it.

But Gorsuch...
Gorsuch is one of the reasons it is wise to nullify the election. Vote count was altered and Mueller has the evidence.
And GOP stole that seat... karma.

Thank you.
Gerrymandering by Republicans
hurts Republicans too
As a Republican in a safely gerrymandered Republican district
my GOP representative can retire
Stop listening to constituents
Why bother?
Quite amusing - McCain voted for 45 & votes the GOP party line 99% of the time and only NOW is he concerned with extreme partisanship?
Get them to overturn their decision on Citizens United while you're at it, please!
We The People are tired of the lies deceit hatred division politics of 21st century us politics 40 years of hatred bigotry racism division
GOD, I AM GOING TO MISS THIS MAN. WHY CANT WE HAVE MORE LIKE HIM. MAYBE GOD RATIONS THEM ONLY 1 EVERY 100 YEARS.
Thank you!
Thank you both! And please also take a look at the work being done on electronic voting and hacking. Equally as important. #unhackthevote
Please keep fighting for fair elections!
Thank you! Now end Citizens United.
This is the only hope for our Democracy
I hope he wins, I'm sick of it.
This is the best explanation of gerrymandering you will ever see (via @Pocket)
Great news!
Why I still love @SenJohnMcCain John.

Ending gerrymandering, campaign finance reform and protecting voter rights are necessary to restore our political system and trust in govt
Thanks to you both.  @SenJohnMcCain  I'm a constituent of yours and I've never been proud of you until now. You're doing good things now.
The Mav is back, bitches!
LOVE THIS. Thank you!
Thank you both!! I long for a return to statesmanship, non-toxic dialogue and compromise
Statesmanship! Haven't heard that in @ least 20 years...
very proud that I am old enough to remember!! past time for adult supervision  all around!
Great now maybe the media will talk about Republicans gerrymandering
In all fairness, democrat districts are guilty too. The Republicans are just more heartless and better at it. (No offense @SenJohnMcCain )
Thank you Sheldon! I wouldn't mind it if you'd run for president!!!!
Wow.   

Good on you both.  
@StephMillerShow @SenJohnMcCain @projo thank you both!
I too want to thank you both for this very important issue. Now if you could just do something to secure our voting machines!
Citizen districting commission in AZ upheld by the court. We took the power back from politicians
Great work! Thank you Senators.  Nix the Electoral College next, and demand political ethics so ALL are represented.
How about ending ALL gerrymandering, and not just the extreme stuff?
Why is @SenJohnMcCain such a political schizo??? #TrumpRussia #GOPRussia
I now have no desire to hear or see anything this traitor does.
Cant happen soon enough
Yessssss!!!!!!
Thank you, Senators! If only there were a way to eliminate gerrymandering altogether!
Thank you Senators!
Thank you
Eliminate the electorial college!
You know, the ones who are deliberately destroying us by creating divisions among the people & staying power due to it. They need to go!
Good because otherwise we'd need to find away to get rid of just the bad politicians who're intentionally destroying the country.
Thank you, Senators! This is such an important issue that goes to the very heart of our democracy. If we lose fair elections, we lose 
These maps shouldn't be drawn to benefit one party over  another rather drawn by   commission.
Proud of both of you. Thank you!
Nice!
@lyyved Let us hope that normal redistributing will take place. Establish popular vote for president
Well, just keep a close eye on @SenJohnMcCain - he has a way of GOPigShit Reneging on his "word," like he's doing on Healthcare now!
It's about time somebody did something about this horrible system
Gerrymandering? Is that what they call what I did with a handful of lotion into a sock last night? I was not thinking of @SarahKSilverman

@SenJohnMcCain I Love this man, seriously it is rare to find a hero on the battlefield and in politics and he excels at both
Thank you both for working together to try to fix this horrible system.
TY for your efforts but how supportive are national and state party leaderships of this change?
This is the only way to get a true representation of our country.
Thank you sir!
Thank you for addressing, hell even mentioning gerrymandering to the Supreme Court. It means a lot that you are willing to stand up to money
Thank you Senator, this is one of the most pressing US political issues. I applaud your bipartisan efforts.
#TooManySafeSeats

Thank you.  We also need national vote by mail or at the very least paper ballots.
Excellent!!!!
Thanks @SenWhitehouse and @SenJohnMcCain
Too bad the remaining 1000 republicans think it's the only way to win elections
Gerrymandering is the magic carpet of crap candidates that would never have won otherwise :(
Great News!  Political affiliation should NEVER be a basis - PERIOD!
You'd think McCain would have better things to do given his prognosis.
Yes....work across the aisle!
KEEP FIGHTING!!! So proud of you both!!!
Now that's #MAGA
John McCain is an American hero... party affiliation aside
Thank you both!!!
Thank you, senators!
Thank goodness -- much appreciated & need success.
Thank you both!
Thank you.
thank you
It's time for you and McCain to go you are the swamp
Well, that's a start.  Now make it happen!
This headline is deeply confusing.

This is BIG! 
Only ones o see doing that is you and your cronies
I’m sure that monster will get right on making that change.
YAY!!!!
There's absolutely no reason that districts can't be drawn by a computer.
When there is something considered a 'safe' seat, the primary election should be considered by all citizens as the General Election. Go vote
I'm very proud that you represent me in Washington, Senator Whitehouse, for this and for your climate change work.
Good.   @MartinOMalley did it in Maryland to screw non liberals and it is BS.   I feel for anyone, either side, who is gerrymandered.
So gerrymandering is a priority but healthcare is meh... we the people want a serious working Congress. Not pew fillers!
End Gerrymandering and Voter Surpression and we might become a better functioning country
or at least we might get these fckng Nazis and Russians the hell out
McCain is a TRAITOR
Not a true statement. He has served  his whole life. 
You're upset b/c he's trying to make elections fair again? GOP has 2 cheat 2 win.
Thank you!
did the anti trump mccain back this during his presidential campaign
Why do you say you have a democracy the United States is supposed to be a republic there's a huge difference!
Thank you both! I've heard Texas is ridiculous.
Thank you both for addressing such an important issue and with a true spirit of bi-partisanship... #EndGerryMandering #EndVoterSuppression
This is a huge problem in TX. Gerrymandering runs wild here.
so I guess just regular gerrymander is okay its only the extreme overt type of gerrymandering that Repubs are against
Racial gerrymandering has already been ruled on by SCOTUS.
Ty
I dont care. After the way the party treated hillary im never voting for another democrat
What did democrats do to Hillary? It was trump & Russian disinformation which screwed her over, not Dems.
first one then the other. russia convinced the democrats to enable traitor sanders
Thanks for answering! I never heard this before. Hmm.
