Cato is Koch Bros.  
They prefer Pence.
Yeah and what about the lawsuits to get rid of the Kochs?
Too busy correct fucking idiots like you.  Read a book you fucking piece of shit troll.
Which book will tell me Cato didn't sue the Kochs? 
You are wrong, they are libertarian NOT conservative. Quite the opposite.
Not the opposite at all. Very much the same.
Unlike conservatives, true liberals were always against status quo, and the values they deffend are pretty much different.
The Liberals of yesteryear have nothing in common with the Liberals of today. That is just the facts.
Libertarian. Just because they often disagreed with last admin doesn't make them conservative...
You have no idea who Cato is, do you?
Too bad we can’t impeach congress & just start over with non politicians. I believe they’d understand how sick we are of the grandstanding
DT made me a believer in professional politicians, but even more determined to destroy the a-social Citizen’s United-enabled  mega donors.
I know you've only been in the politics game for 25 years, but you might want to get around to penciling in "Ideology 101."
@SenWhitehouse 
Very conservative @CatoInstitute publishes interesting piece on impeachment; and it's interesting they....

@senatorshoshana 
Sheldon
Sheldon they're Libertarian
Sheldon

@KurtSchlichter 
We all look the same to them
Please call for the Orange monster’s impeachment NOW!
Who cares we support potus...
Your “we” is a shrinking 33% of US. You’ll soon be a minority within a minority.
His base is growing, don't believe  those polls
Lowest approval of any 1st-term president. 

Even Fox sees it
I’m sorry that you’re unable to see any dimensions beyond conservative and liberal. It must be stifling to be stuck with only one dimension
Your attempt to be a pedant doesn't work
It works very well, thank you.
Amazing that so many comment on whether Cato is conservative, but not a word about Trump or possibility dumping the vile, Treasonous Trump.
Because his tweet is correct about that part.
Believing Cato is conservative is incorrect, to put it mildly.
Uh @CatoInstitute is libertarian, not republican or conservative
Literally a self described libertarian think tank, literally not “very conservative”.
Yes, the legal weed, pro-imigration, small government conservatives. 
They want Pence who is more easily controlled than wildcard Trump.
If by “very conservative” you mean “libertarian” .... sure.
Wow, this should be required reading for all members of Congress.
... they are Libertarians.
Do your homework.
another idiot dem Senator. Cato is not conservative, they're libertarian. #dumbass look at how many libs believe him https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cato_Institute …
Political compass:  quad 4 != quad 1.
Very interesting.
State-O isn't conservative
Let any of u in Washington try pulling your corrupt nonsense over the American people’s eyes!Pay at polls!Sorry undon’t have a puppet potus
Corker is a establishment tool just like you @SenWhitehouse !The fact that you still try & insult our intelligence says everything about you
Corker is not running again therefore he may as well be a democrat! Coward just like you! The people will hold him and you accountable!
Poor little butt hurt losers! Still squawking about impeachment that will never happen, complete with childishly made up reasons for it.
You know the word "conservative" means something right
Your social media intern needs to learn a thing or two about Cato, Senator.
#Impeach now

Yes, please stay focused on impeachment.it will look like u r doing SOMETHING!  Lol
Ur hero Hillary still hanging onto that Weinstein money... he's a good democrat misogynist
Looks like U should be very concerned about lmpeachment yourself senator.
Soon please ....the world is worried 
Nice. Time to look a little closer at Whitehouse. Hiding something?
Thank you for posting this.
Concerned about the ultra conservatives falling in line with Bannon.  In this case, the enemy of our enemy is our friend should not apply.
The cartoon at the bottom of the article is Golden Trump Tweet History

Please Make Sure Pen
Because @VP is their guy.
1) Emoluments 
2) Constitutiinal violations-freedom of speech (press) & right to protest #Kaep 
3) #PuertoRico
4) Abuse of power-employment

It's interesting that you say that. It piques my interest.Also, do you think Yellen will raise interest rates?

Psychologists march through New York calling for Trump to be removed from office http://hill.cm/Fthnfdb  

You should read things before you quote them. Do you read the things you sign?
“Very conservative “ nah dawg you should do some more research
Stop writing about "interesting articles" and impeach the damn #moron.
File impeachment resolutions EVERY DAMN DAY
Retweet until Congress takes action. #remove45 #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendmentNow @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump 
“Impulsive, ignorant incompetence” exactly the asterisk that needs to be hung on this presidency. Article I: #ImpulsiveIgnorantIncompetence
The Founders gave Congress a task of ethics, reading George Black. In saving the nation, offenses need not be crime.
Interesting. Thank you.
 keep on being you Shelly boy.
Obama's IRS shutting down citizen/groups, wiretapping/NSA unprecedented data collection.Drones/bombs w/out approval & arming ISIS.
He should have never been in office in the first place not a good business man bankrupt many times who voted for this con man
Cato is libertarian you dope.
Do you know what “conservative” means? Cuz I’m thinking you don’t.
just like Russia Sheldon impeachment has no legs. let it go and find something positive to report.
From what this reads every president since Nixon could have been impeached.
*should
Yeah, a lot of impeachable stuff by all. Personally, I would love to see some more impeachments.
Fear keeps them honest(ish).
What a most interesting article!
Love  the last paragraph 
It saddens me that a U.S. senator can't tell the difference between libertarianism and conservatism. Please stop tweeting.
Woe, they don't just describe the framework, they seem to advocate using it.
Impeachment for what?
Wow...
Cato isn't conservative at all. Do you know how to use Google?
All we are saying is give Pence a chance?
Lord no!
When did the @CatoInstitute become a conservative think tank?
they didn't. the senator is another genius democrat like maxine waters.
Libertarian???? More like lbral
More interesting than the piece is that
you don't know a Libertarian from a
Conservative.
Who elected you?
US must have recourse for this unprecedented situation; perfect storm produced the most dangerous unfit POTUS
The most unfit?
According to your narritive Obama let the Russians "hack the election" and did nothing about it because Hillbot was winning.
What a clueless fool you are, couldn't even take a few minutes to Google "Cato institute".

Everything not communist looks conservative hmm?
It was founded by Charles Koch.
Yeah, a libertarian.

Ladies and gentlemen. We gave the Trump Trifecta on grounds for impeachment.
Except outside of your political neophyte bubble he hasn't done any of that.

Cato not conservative! Sheesh!
You can only hide Trump shit so long!
I am conflicted between Trump's kakistocrocy and Mike Pence's theocracy... Which is worse?
Remove both, Pence is a party to that shit fest. Paul Ryan is also a shit bag. Basically I'm saying we are fucked.
Yeah! Fuck elections anyway!
Forget impeachment Trump is here to stay and better than any person you would replace him with.
@SenWhitehouse You're a Communist masquerading as a Democrat. Of course libertarians are going to seem conservative to you @LPNational
@CatoInstitute is "very conservative"?
CATO says he could be impeached for a criminal act - wasn't the Trump University ruling that he settled for $25 million evidence of fraud?
You're paying for the charges to be dropped, so no trial, no conviction, no crime.
He could be impeached for anything, it's pretty much a recall clause and doesn't need a crime.
But without a crime every pres. will get it.
Hey Shelley I too know what it's like to not be able to even google something I am going to tweet about
Yes, that bastion of hard-right conservatism, Cato. The same Cato that filed an amicus in support of the plaintiff in Obergefell.
They are not conservative you - well don't want to get suspended again
Not conservative. SJWs posing as libertarians.

You totally misunderstand the Cato Institute.
tfw you don't know what @CatoInstitute is but wanna tweet about them anyway.
Sounds fun. I just did it but still feel the same as before I did it. How long do I have to wait to reap rewards?
Shelly...  nothing better to do today. Shame on you,.., do some work
Cato is not conservative. They are libertarian
Got to tell you..most Libertarians would side with Cons than with Liberals.
That's because "liberals" are into collectivism on every level and as such are anti-individual.
Not true at all.  Liberals are individuals first. That’s why we have a hard time coming together. Cons on the other hand do what they R told
Except the whole BLM group and the LGBTQ group and the evil wall street group and the evil corporation group.
Then there is the "I'm white and I'll shut up and listen" at the DNC chair race.
All the US left does at this point is slot people in groups
And how about the individual right of the baker vs the group rights of the gay couple's wedding cake?
The American left says NOTHING about individual rights it's all about this group's rights must be defended over that individual's rights.
#BiafraReferendum #Selfdetermination right is killed with genocide. Help to save children. http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/disturbing-video-allegedly-shows-nigerian-army-torture-murder-biafran-secessionists-1639343?utm_source=social&utm_medium=facebook&utm_campaign=%2Fdisturbing-video-allegedly-shows-nigerian-army-torture-murder-biafran-secessionists-1639343 …
