Giuliani will reopen Hillery email case, find her guilty, put her in jail. Trump will gloat to his base.
Impeach Trump for obstruction of justice.
Who's going to do that?
Congress.  Yes, the Republican Congress.
Mmhmm
I hear you.  But he has become more of a liability than his worth as a distraction warrants.
Our political system has become nothing more than two sides demonizing one another over the scraps of a once fine republic.
I mean everyone's running around with their hair on fire because a bureaucrat got canned. Sheesh. People need to chill.
You and other Dems let it be known you will talk about nothing but impeachment.
You're a bit late: 
Rudy Giuliani, the former US Attorney (Southern District), is in DC....in the Trump Hotel lobby.

Don't know~He's prob alrdy wrking it~You have to find a way around this corrupt, #SelfServingRepublican congress #IndependentInvestigation
Win the House and Senate. .......
Partisan character assassination efforts. Giuliani should be able to sue you.
You go after Trump by questioning the patriotism of your counterparts across the aisle. Ask them if Party is more important than country.
And you follow it up by simply asking how in good conscious they can allow Trump to hire anyone in this time under these circumstances.
Lol....that's your job
He IS the new FBI Chief...
Don't know but Senators can keep him from getting approved.
A protest march? Moar hashtag?
What exactly are you suggesting here?
I just read Sessions is considering shutting down the entire trump-russia investigation. Does he have that authority or power?
Ck yur source & remember - the 3 branches of gov't are designed to be independent.  DOJ  CANNOT shut down Congress' or Senate hearings
Trump & Sessions could select someone to head FBI who is partisan & not interested in investigating trump et al. A recused AG fired Comey!
There are several investigations/FBI is only one of them. Also,federal prosecutrs in the VA grand jury issued subpoenas in Flynn case tday
Thanks for the info. I didn't know about the VA grand jury subpoenas.
Independent prosecutor will nullify Trump's choice.  Hell, bring back Kenneth Starr.
Giuliani is literally at the Trump hotel in Washington right now.  Lavrov (from Dossier) is meeting with Trump tomorrow!
Pls block everything you can sir! @TGowdySC etc will try to shut down probe+go after @HillaryClinton, others instead
You don't because you do not have the authority to decide. 
Trump is the 45th POTUS & will choose whomever he wants.
We must try to unite not divide
Rudy? What the issue with him? Cleaned up NYC...
Russia, collision, emoluments, that is the issue.  Not Comey's bad behavior. Democracy at stake for my kids and grandkids#impeach
i do believe that guiliani has some conflict of interests should that nightmare even be possible
I think the time has come to 'call in some favors', 'fight fire with fire', 'start taking these f*ckers out'. Can you tell we've had enough?
I could be wrong, but doesn't Giuliani have the taint of Flynn in him?
Toobin added Clark or Christie in the calculus.  Lord help us!!!!
Enforce all the laws. Represent your country, be a leader without fear.
Win the House and Senate..........
Far be it from me to tell you how to do your job, but perhaps getting the ears of @ChuckGrassley and @SenFeinstein?
Don't invite them over the threshold.
Comey needed to go... Bad timing no doubt about that. But still.
Fight, scratch, claw. Do everything you can as a senator to fight what's going to be a guaranteed Trump puppet. Push your fellow dems too.
Put them in prison.
Need 2declassify names of those who are under investigation! Ie Giuliani!Also must declassify ASAP some info on Trump&ties 2support invest
You http://cant.buy  a lollipop
Here's the problem Outhouse, you don't have a say in this selection process. Sit down, be quiet and well let you know who's selected.
Please fight for Democracy!
Oh don't you want him under oath??
OMG I just heard Trey Gowdy. I will die.
You can't. Your side lost. So sorry.
The most important question of the day!! (I fear Gowdy's name has been floated too - not good)
Tell ur GOP collegues that they'll rue the day if they lower the bar 4 trump. A large liberal movement is gathering up momentum.
GOP will  want 2 keep the checks & balances in place.
Don't let them get away with that too. Call him on each and every conflict of interest and keep publicizing all of them!
Actually, I'd love to hear from Giuliani this evening about #Comey firing. He's been awfully quiet of late, hasn't he? Wonder why.
The nightmare keeps getting worse
@SenWhitehouse we are counting on you and your peers to keep a hack like Rudy Giuliani out of it. He has done quite enough colluding already
Arrest him soonish?
what happened to Rudy.  Liked him as a human during 911.  Not so much now
Keep doing what you're doing and expose the truth senator.
Easy: Impeach Trump.
That's your job, Senator and we're counting on you. :)
His foreign/terrorist state ties.
Senator you are late to the game. We already determined that trump will appoint Scott Baio or Antonio Sabato.  Please try and keep up! 
GREAT question
We're counting on you, Senator.
Tell him the Yankees are playing in North Korea and fly him there. Problem solved.
Trump sent his bodyguard to deliver the termination letter to Comey?
Constituents must insist that their @GOP senators demand and only confirm an independent, respected, bipartisan nominee. @SenateGOP
Trump cannot be allowed to name a new FBI chief until Russia investigation is concluded
Two words- Time Machine.
all we can do is march & push until he's unseated, THE PRESIDENT IS NOT BEYOND THE LAW IMPEACH HIS ASS
Since Trump has stacked the deck all the way up to the Supreme Court, how can we win or ever hope to get our country back? Fight on, Sir!
Tell your SenDem buddies to grow a pair & throw every possible roadblock in the way.
Guiliani has been laying low.....trying to make a deal.
@RepAdamSchiff @RepSwalwell @CoryBooker @SenFeinstein @SenBlumenthal @SenFranken 
Throw his ass in jail, NYSD, RICO.
You infantile Democrats are jeopardizing your careers in Congress, you know that right? Election soon? Right? Keep it up.
Trump groupie alert.
I'm sure there's plenty of room in Afghanistan, or Pakistan for people like you who hate America and its Constitution.
Oversight vetting w/ Trey Gowdy.
Never, Gowdy is as corrupt as the day is long. He has shown his true colours choosing treason over country. #buttheleaks
Omg- ? I've watched just about every hearing he has ever conducted; He asks tough questions and gets down to the bottom of things.
@All100Senators We NEED a SPECIAL Prosecutor NOW & Independent Commission!! This is NOT a dictatorship!!!!
Get rid of Trump Halt all his administrative work NOW Get his taxes NOW #ImpeachTrump and SESSIONS TOO #ConstitutionalCrisis
Congress better have the answer to this, Senator!
IMPEACH TRUMP. Move for articles of impeachment!!!!!! Now!
Your the one whose a hack 4 the radical left.
Independent prosecutor
Unfortunately, there is no way a Trump appointee will be credible, regardless of who is involved in the selection process.
I don't know, Senator, but it's imperative that you do.
He knew about the second investigation into emails in October, gloated about it, he had insider info so can't be trusted.
plus comey was investigating the leaks to gulliani.  That should be enough.
You don't confirm his ass.  That is how.  You need to get the fox out of the fucking hen house Senator.
that was the first person I thought of! OMG!
You're asking me?  I was an English Lit major.
Shouldnt YOU know the answer to that 
We'll look to you to speak for us. Get your constituents behind you, in RI, and get support in documentation from them. Have them call.
Hold all filibusterable legislation hostage until sane nominee is confirmed. Do the same for an independent commission. Public is with you.
Rudi Giuliani could never get confirmed...  he is as dirty as the day is long.
@realDonaldTrump should NOT choose the next FBI Director until a special commission clears this up...one way OR the other!
Jail?
PLEASE....Just give the job to @SallyQYates .  Please??
Gotta dig up some criminal activity, I'm sure it's there.
Respectfully, Senator, we have far bigger fish to fry. Senate must appoint an independent special prosecutor or admit we're a dictatorship.
<jerk off motion>
I'm hoping you know how to more than us! How are we even going to get a special prosecutor now that Trump's AG has to call for it?
Word is Rudy was feeling investigatory heat. He's part of this no doubt...
Good lord. Giuliani? Chilling.
That was the first thing I thought of. #COMEY #FBIDirector
Impeach Trump to avoid his picks...
Filibuster til you drop.
That ship sailed in 2013. Thank Harry Reid for that.
