This seems insane. Have you ever seen anything like this, @SenWhitehouse ???
@SenatorEnzi sounds like he's been repressed for years & he's taking it out on others. Doesn't he realize he's hurting millions of Americans
I can only hope he doesn't realize. I'm not feeling charitable right now.
Me either. I'm scared. I'm angry. I'm at a loss.
Me too.
A democrat complaining about secrecy in a healthcare debate?
Democrats have no credibility on this issue. You called voters "stupid"
Oh shut up!!!
#WhatAgenda
NASA Confirms Falling Sea Levels For Two Years Amidst Media Blackout https://shar.es/1TeOO7 
of course not. GOP owns this & they know it's wrong. @SpeakerRyan is working for himself - Senate will be sorry if they trust them
You rock @SenatorEnzi love it.
Don't vote for this ridiculous health care bill. Stand up for the people who put you in office.
You guys need 2 to play videos of them complaining about Obama Care being passed. Especially McConnell & Ryan's reactions.
Yeah, they should just step aside and let Obamacare collapse on itself...
If repeal individual mandate, can you make amendment those refusing insurance be held civilly liable for public health problems they cause?
You have had years to fix obama care and did nothing....stop the bs...
What’s to question? The summary of the bill is “Die, already. You’re expensive.”
How does it feel, Senator Douchenozxle?
"You have to pass the bill to see what's in it."
How is that different than "We have to pass the bill before we can find out what is in it "???
Wow.....the "great" DEM House Leader didn't even know what was in ACA when she voted for it. What kind of idiots are in Congress?
Thrilled with the way vote went tonight... thank you
Good job
come home soon so RI can have a party for our wonderful HEALTHSOURCERI- THE model  @SenJackReed @JimLangevin @RepCicilline @GovRaimondo
Oh well just come home and get in the S boat.
It does not matter as you have your orders from Pelosi!!!  Have you ever voted with the republicans against your party NO!!!!!!
As if anyone has read it.
That's their practice as is rushing things thru and in secret, and in middle of night.
Crooks and swindlers! Republicans are Disgraceful! :(
Is there something you can do to prevent something like this from being legally allowed to happen ever again?
Sad!
Heh, short memory there, Shelly.
This jackass is playing procedural games while I'm going to lose my insurance a month after cancer surgery.
You got time to tweet?????? Don't you need to be reading????

UPDATE: It’s 10 p.m. and we haven’t seen the bill we’re supposed to vote on TONIGHT.
Coward!
Keep asking questions! These "debates" will only be more than trading speeches when you insist on it. Asking questions should be the point.
While Trump has media talking Mooch and AG. Like a thief in the night. This is an absolute disgrace.
I honestly don't even understand how that is legal. It's certainly unfair, improper and infuriating to those of us whow have to pay for ins.
Sen. Enzi, instead of answering questions, is just rambling on & on & on. . . & on, etc.
Can't you hold signs in front of Mike Enzi to correct all the lies he is telling, like a ticker on the news.
You could all walk out, take a stroll, get some fresh air. Cuz this crazy Enzi isn't going to yield for anyone. He'll be asleep shortly.
Please stop this madness. Sit in on the Senate floor. Please don't let the GOP kill us. PLEASE!!! #skinnybill
Funny.  Doing just what the dems did in 2010.
You say "wow" as though you're genuinely surprised. Surely by now you've realized that you work with sociopaths, right?
It's easy to lie when you don't have to answer any questions. Shameful! Americans are watching the death of the democratic process.
Enzi.Old senile guy from the state where cows do the fracking. you all out there asking questions just to make ridiculous.
Interrupt him like they have done to the women. Raise hell
And he thinks people can sign up for insurance on the way to the hospital and then cancel it after the insurance pays the bills.LIES
Shame shame shame
His hubris and contempt to people watching outside the chamber is insufferable.
It's 8 pages. Read it.
GOP IS PATHETIC
Why hasn't anyone brought up motion that it is illegal for bill that hasn't been introduced 24hrs prior?
Sen Enzi is infuriating!
payback can be hell.....
Senator Whitehouse, I know the electorate let the Dems down in 2016 but please do everything you can to save us from this calamity!
Does that honestly surprise you?  This is horrifying.....
This whole process stinks to high heaven
They know how bad it is. They know it doesn't do what they set out to do. They know they won't reach consensus when they couldn't thus far.
absolutely shameful. just a pawn. McConnell's sacrificial lamb.
awful
That was so vile. What a creep Enzi is
Why the heck not @SenatorEnzi ? The public has a right to an open process #Shame
Help please!

#0Plan #FOODSTAMPBILL: Skinny bill is Ryan's fuzzy math bill. McCain & his Republican comrades voted against those dumb bills is my hero. 
He CAN'T. He doesn't have a clue. #Wyoming #VoteNo
@SenatorEnzi just so we are clear!!! A$$
Unreal. Keep fighting!
Because they know it's awful and won't be able to defend it.
Not even yielding for a parliamentary inquiry.
