“We are declaring war on the GOP establishment that does not back the agenda that Donald Trump ran on." Steve Bannon
Steve Bannon tells Sen. Bob Corker to resign for insulting Trump http://huffp.st/WbJ7AaJ  
“We’re going to go after them. There’s a coalition coming together that’s going to challenge every Republican incumbent..." Steve Bannon
IT's also the sort of thing that got Nixon in trouble-- using power of govt agencies to punish his "enemies" including media.
But its not beneath your dignity to murder Americans by stealing their healthcare?
Do you think America will safely make it through the remaining years of this style of presidency?
It is not at all true that China can easily solve this problem and this is a very dangerous and destabilizing approach. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/891442016294494209 …
A dire thread https://twitter.com/peterdaou/status/891488953068654592 … #NorthKorea
1. THREAD. War with N. Korea is a real possibility. The White House disarray must end. The #Russia investigation should be completed. 
(1/7)
“Meanwhile the whole world is watching, a world that contains predators. How could they not be seeing this weakness..." ~ Peggy Noonan
...another example
"In the middle of the hurricane, I assumed the ratings would be far higher than they would be normally," Pres. Trump says of Arpaio pardon. 
@realDonaldTrump Trump should not be insulting women for facial surgery! Ivanka has had more than anyone.
Don't forget the fake boobs
I was just focusing on the face, because Trump was. 
Keep resisting libtards, it's going to make it easier for us to keep winning. #MAGA #Trump #USA
You never Trumpers need to stop criticizing Trump. Support him against those who constantly try to take him down!
Do you think the POTUS should be publicly mocking women on the appearance?
Hey, Obama mocked plenty of conservatives. Women included. Mika and Joe are a couple of nasty, outspoken libs.
GOP must stop voting wth thump.Pull plug on http://him.Show  Ryan he needs Senate. Thump needs Senate. Other wise you are complicit
You must be proud to have so many on the Left praising you.
Sen Sasse are out of touch w/ conservative America. We believe n free speech for ALL. DJT is new Repub prty. Pls go wrk on real issues.
Sen Sasse u are out of touch w/ conservative America. We believe n free speech for ALL. DJT is new Repub prty. Pls go wrk on real issues.
THANK YOU!!!! it is about time someone stand up on behalf of the people in the US.
@jack. #bullying band the WH bully.
Please just DO SOMETHING Ben. This isn't normal and it's beneath the dignity of you as a Republican and an American.
Totally,  but what about the healthcare bill?
My God I love Chris Hayes.
Then do your damn job and HOLD HIM ACCOUNTABLE. WTF are y'all waiting for? Him to run nekkid across the WH lawn at 4am?? DO YOUR DAMN JOBS!
This is Trump . . . all along. And your party is the one that nominated him. And McConnell is the one who wouldn't back Obama to fight
the Russian hacking of the election. This joker's behavior, immaturity and continuing melt down is all on your party.   25th Amendment time.
T has no dignity. He's looking for his id.  His dad stomped it. And he's been lost ever since.
Do something!
Too late....
Boo hoo
You're profile picture isn't normal. It's beneath the dignity of your office.
Please DO something about it!
You+peers with a shred of conscience need to partner with Democrats and invoke the damn 25th Amendment. It's clear this man is INCOMPETENT.
Please challenge him in 2020!
Considering what's going on in NK, we need to be rid of him before 2020.
I wish it was that easy
@BenSasse joins Deep State attacks against "Tiny Hands" Trump.
Nothing good will come out of this admin. Cut @realdonaldtrump loose before he ruins our country. Then work to fix issues.
Donald Trump all by himself is beneath the dignity of his office.
You know what's worse? Tossing people off Medicaid, increasing uninsured, and boosting premiums even more. So you support THAT but not this?
As a native Nebraskan, I implore you: please do something! This man doesn't care about the dignity of the office.
A message we can all support. Let's be sure to tag @realDonaldTrump so that he sees it, too! 
But conspiring with Russia and plotting to take healthcare coverage away from millions aren't?
WHAT   IN   THE   HELL  IS   WRONG   w/   each of us?  Phone Capitol switchboard at (202) 224-3121. This is way beyond crazy & GOP knows it
To what? Report that Trump is crazy? I'm down but verifying what you called for specifically.
How about you @ his so he can see this?
Like this is new behavior... do something about it.
What will his acolytes say?
Dignity left the building on Jan. 20.  And took morality, ethics, and humanity along with it.  Ya gotta do more than plead.
Do something about it Ben
He has no dignity. He's a multi level marketer disguised as President. He's more PT Barnum than anything else.
@maggieNYT maybe address it so he sees it cc: @realDonaldTrump
Remember it was your party that allowed this stain on the Presidency. You all own this unfolding disaster. Fix it now or be damned for it.
Do more than say please. He's not going to stop. He's 71, has the morals and management style of a mob boss, and the GOP put him there.
You and your party colleagues knew he was a misogynist, a racist, a liar. You're right- he's defiling the office- and the GOP is to blame.
And your response is to go after the guy who has stood against him from the beginning. Can't win with you snowflakes.
The only way the GOP can restore dignity to the White House & Presidency is to end this Presidency.
Sasse is one of the very few honorable people left on the right, we need him to stand up to trumpy.
And what makes you think he'll do that? He's voted in line with Trump's position >95% of the time.
I don't agreed with @BenSasse on a lot of policy but he's still got a moral compass which is more than most.
I respect Senator Sasse. I am desperate for Senators like him to abandon Trump instead of holding on to this idea he is going to change.
He bragged about sexually assaulting women, mocked @megynkelly’s period and laughed about calling Rosie O’Donnell a “fat pig”. HE’S YOURS.
Well Rosie is a fat 
Trump is unfit for the office. If this was anyone else the process would be started by now. Enough! We will remember those who just stood by
I'm glad he's taking up for himself Mika can call him mentally Disturbed everything else
Cheap talk Sen-DO something
so fucking do something. Shit or get off the pot
Can't even muster up enough bravery to @ him? Really?
Remove him, Ben! For the love of God.
How is he supposed to remove him? What he needs to do is stop supporting him. They're complicit in this behavior when they do.
Impeachment starts in the House. $10 says Paul Ryan will say Trump's tweets are disappointing, then immediately go back to kissing his ring.
They do start in the house but its unlikely that enough GOP congressmen are going to view a women being insulted as the last straw...
No kidding. I really wonder just what it would take to get the GOP to act. If the pee-pee tape exists, I truly doubt they'll care.
I want that pee pee tape to drop in HD.
Me, too, but only so *others* can see it clearly. If there's any chance Trump shows skin, I'm not looking! 
We the citizens of this country need you & your party to stop him. The problem of his low moral character remains, whether or not he tweets.
For every Ben Sasse there are 10 Ted Cruz's
None of the Ben Sasses are doing their jobs either. If they don't stand up to him in some tangible way, they're of as much use as Ted Cruz.
Hence my tweet, Even the Female GOP senators aren't standing up to him, ( Except for Trumpcare), This country is in extreme peril
I voted for someone who would put a stop to this out of control government. People better wake up before this country goes to third world status. Let Trump do what he wants and if it doesn't work then criticize him. North Korea?? Enough said.
your Tweet was quoted by @NPR
Please do more & stop @POTUS Articles of impeachment must be introduced. Will you be the brave Senator to save our country?
So you will be running as a Democrat now? You should be!
Add @realDonaldTrump's business ventures in China to the list
I recall when Sasse was reprimanded by his own Nebraska Republican Party, by a vote of 400/8. 
You are not admired among Republicans, Senator Sasse.
GOP base voted for  "not normal"and for vulgarity. It's why they still approve of Trump's behavior.
You know who he is.
But it's funny when Obama does it.
You're embarrassing yourself.
Child please. Embarrassed in front of who? I am a nobody with hardly any followers.
"as if what was happening was anything approaching normalcy required a determined suspension of critical faculties."
Jeff Flake for @POLITICOMag: My Party Is in Denial About Donald Trump http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/07/31/my-party-is-in-denial-about-donald-trump-215442 …
We The People like being able to speak directly with our Dear President!
your Tweet was quoted by @CNN

Exactly...this is not normal.
It seems everyone forgets President Trump is a human being with feelings also. They dish it out, but they can't take it. No pity here!
When are u all gonna stop letting trump get away with being disrespectful he is a disgrace 2018 2020 u all will be held accountable VOTE
IMPEACH HIM!!!
No, it's not normal behavior. The behavior of @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP has not been normal either. Enough!
He is the Republican Party now.
HE'S NOT NORMAL AND WON'T UNDERSTAND THAT
Dear Ben Sasse pass a health insurance reform bill

As long as he is POTUS, there IS no dignity of the office.
You do not belong in nebraska and you must go at one term. traitor.
It's perfectly normal and he does his job.  An occasional counterpunch tweet doesn't hurt anything.
I wonder if you felt that way about President Kennedy, who was womanizing so much he had a private bedroom to cheat on his wife. Dignity?
BTW  We saw "Presidential" for 8 yrs, with MSM not reporting the issues they shld have been bc they liked Obama.Turns out he was a racist.
Your continuous carrying water for this President is beneath the Dignity of your office.
Senator. You own this POTUS. You need to make it stop.
Depriving my family of hlth ins is beneath the dignity of *your* office, Senator. Vote "no" on the BCRA. #TrumpCareKills.
If you really meant it you would've addressed your tweet @realDonaldTrump but I seems like you only pretend to care.
well he took this one to heart. oh well, at least he likes your repeal only idea, Ben!!
But Ben you and your colleagues castrated yourselves when you voted for this monster. It's all lip service now Ben. You deserve each other
I feel the same way about your cartwheel pic.
Thank you sir.
Captain Virtue Signal to the rescuuuuue!!!
Uhm, Republicans put him in office. It's on you.
you laughed at a joke differentiating between house slaves and field slaves. You're an actor. A political hack. Shut up.
But you'll vote for all of his bills
Congress has the ability to censure a sitting president and they should exercise that option to publicly denounce him TODAY.
Senator, you're one of the rational ones. Still, we're far beyond condemning his tweets. Impeach him. Act.
Quickly beginning to dislike you !#NO VOTE FOR YOU !
Dignity of the office? @billclinton having oral sex in Oval office? @BarackObama sending millions of $ in middle of night, Fast& Furious?
Yes, please be a willing victim to a hate filled evil media trying to overthrow you and overturn the election.  Mooooroooon
You own this Ben...unless you act as a body....you own this forever.  Remove him!
You are appealing to the wrong people... maybe you have something to say to the folks on the other side of this spat??
You were all laughs about suppressing the right to free speech today. We will remember your illegal acts
It's not his office. It belongs to the citizens of the United States of America, THE greatest country in the world.
Perhaps you didn't notice yet--President Trump speaks directly/frankly. Mika and Joe brought on themselves the comment they got from him.
This guy represents your party's base. You must be so proud.
Maybe you and your GOP colleagues need to to do something. Talk is cheap.
If you aren't censuring him you are approving of his behavior. Do your job.
I dissagree immensely. Fight fire with fire, if you don't want to get the horn don't mess with the bull.
Everyone is tired of weak Republicans like you. Finally one man standing up and that is our President! MAGA
THANK YOU
BHO nailed an interview with this gal...was that beneath the dignity of the office?
These tweets are meaningless, nothing will stop him. But please keep keep trying, it's hilarious 
Would you sponsor a resolution in the Senate condemning this type of behavior?
What do you know about dignity, you tried to bully someone and now you want them to stop fighting back. Hahaha! Too funny.
Clearly based on today, he is NOT going to stop! It just gets worse. He is sick and disturbed. We need protection from POTUS. DO YOUR JOBS!!
Please just stop your treason. This isn't normal and it's beneath the dignity of your office.
The media is out of control. Propaganda networks! No it's not beneath anything to stand up to these animals that degrade and disrespect
Be careful @BenSasse we put him in and we can take you out
Please just stop yourself. Attacking our president is not acceptable.  Support him or keep quiet.
Your sabotage is unacceptable.
If you think you will ever be POTUS or anything else, STOP THIS NOW. Or you can stay on this train and sacrifice your career.
You're the worlds biggest hypocrite.

you will be out of officve soon you traitor so don't worry about our @POTUS  we will take care of America
Was Clinton's sex scandal below the dignity of the office?  Hypocrite!
Maybe you should grow some balls and impeach the insane crook???
????? 
Speaking your mind is only ok if you're a LIBERAL??????
This isn't enough
Agree!!
Have you not been paying sttention? This is daily SOP for the misognist-in-chief.
Stop supporting him, this man dies not care about anyone but himself
I don't have an office though
That worked. Keep it up. Totally getting results.
This is a bipartisan issue, Trump needs to be held accountable by both Partys. Ben,be a leader and speak out abt this on the Senate floor.
Ben, I appreciate your comments. Still, it's going to take much stronger and directed criticism to have any possibility of having an impact.
Maybe you should get with the times. Who the hell are you to judge what is not presidential.  #MAGA
They wouldn't know dignity if it bit them in the ass!
DIGNITY IS SOMETHING YOU HAVE NO CLUE ABOUT TRAITOR!
Thank You for saying something @BenSasse about POTUS tweets.
Grow a pair and actually address @realDonaldTrump @POTUS in your tweet.
But the stain of his foulness is extending to all of you, too.
Then SPEAK UP! And not just on Twitter--I mean USE YOUR VOICE to do something about this. You will have more support than you can imagine!
Why don't you stop you all are attacking It's time to stop the bully against Our President

Hypocrite
Ben please stop.  We put him in office to shake up Washington. Leave him alone and jump on board or we can vote you out in the primaries!
Mr. Moral high ground lol
We LEGAL Americans that voted Trump knew what we were getting. He has measurable results that far outweight his tweets.Get over it Ben
You just "stop".... get behind our President or get out.
If only you held yourself to the dignity of your office.. you might have some defensible votes on your record.
2/2 My son Deke: Why do they say different stuff (since they're on the same side? he meant) I said, "Their team has problems." Kids, man!
@elischech "Please" isn't enough. For the sake of the country and the entire world, persuade your colleagues --> 25th Amendment.
He AND his Tweets are beneath the 'dignity' of his office.
I'm sad sad you represent our state
Please just stop him. The GOP owns every tweet, sneer, lie, and scandal. Clean up your own mess. Start by actually tagging him in your tweet
stop enabling him Ben.
This tweet was yesterday, please check on today's tweets, he's getting worse, what are you waiting for? Please, do something.
You ARE the problem & Trump is the solution. You would do best to just keep your mouth shut. (Which is what you would be good at apparently)
And the MSM's constant belittling of the president really shows your belief in the dignity of the office.
He won't stop until there are consequences. What will u do?
Please shut up. is it normal for a "news" organization to take sides and lie to promote their side of things?
What are you going to do about it? The GOP has enabled DT all along.
But he won't stop. & you're all enablers If this was a Dem....He/She would have been gone. Shame on all of you. Presidency has been trashed.
KEEP THE TWEETS COMING MR PRESIDENT!
Someone drops the n word and you say nothing but this you tweet about.  Is that normal?  No
Kick their ass Trump...Repeal..Repeal...or Remove in 2018
Thank you! He is not providing that role modeling one would hope from our president.
Tell him to his face..I dare you to stand up for America.
 do you think the duel between Burr and Hamilton was beneath the Office? Do you think Obama using the N word was beneath the office
Nothing close to the lack of dignity that occurred beneath the Resolute desk in the Oval Office.
How about displaying leadership by letting the WH know you will not support ANY legislation unless he immediately stops this behavior?
Please just help POTUS move his agenda 
I'm inright now & all they ask me about is our RUDE press
Ignore Media & work
Why is everyone afraid to @ him? Without it your tweets are just useless words now.  Trump is hurting the country and you're complicit.
You must stop him.
We have to keep pushing on
