the truth hurts! Finally we have someone in the Oval Office that care for this Nation. Obama said I'm a citizen of the world remember
Look at the insanity of the left before you make allegations.
He has lots of company.
You think?  It been over a month now!  Will someone show DJT the exit door! Come on SCOTUS...A check & balance is in order!
quiet ppl. Shelly has something to say. "The planet has a fever", right? @JohnDePetroshow @SenWhitehouse @RealJamesWoods @LevinTV
The Dems and anti-Trump media anarchy behavior is way out of hand.  Should they not reflect on themselves instead of casting stones?
plz show interview innocent immigrants, America has done this before,1930 n 1950, Democracy Now has the best interviews w immigrants
@unfollow45trump So DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!
so was Obamas
Beacause you can't handle it!
Not for a mad man.
tell me more about the behavior of these so called democratic parasites. Ignorance can be helped.stupidity is chosen!!
@onderick_onder3  His behavior is psychotic. Remove him
He's a loose cannon. Somebody needs to do something about it.
he says what most Americans think of saying but wont Muslims r terrorists  and spics dont belong unless legal
Why? cuz he accused your messiah of wrongdoing.
and Obama bugging AP, James Rosen, Angela Murkle and many others not?  Your standards lack credibility.
@SenWhitehouse Amazing he is right, but I truly don't trust him either. RI delegation nothing more then professional politicians.
More Fake News 
It's like that when America is 'DRAINING THE SWAMP'. Go get em Mr. Trump.
wow, he shows his face only every six years...that's what he's got to say!
Sen  Whitehouse ignores the facts.  "Here Are The Top 15 'Obamagate' Wiretap Victims"
good job
@JohnDePetroshow you know what is really out of hand the way ri politicians don't serve the taxpayong voters. A total letdown
negative butt hurt syndrome, daily medication needed
Yes Senator, please save this country. Urge your colleagues to start having a serious conversation about remedying this. Impeachment
@JoeNBC "He's better than the alternative." Do evangelical conservatives STILL believe that??
they offered us a piss poor candidate. #HillaryClinton my former Dem party. Totally corrupt, fatally flawed
lmao god I love trump keeps MSNBC and CNN crying 
Stand Up GOP!!!!!
@SenWhitehouse No Senator, the SWAMP is out of hand and has been for decades. Your fellow swamp rats are despicable. #FakeSenate
i live in ri and glad i didnt vote this clown in
Nope this is the behavior of a Narcissist whose only concern is himself!
ban the ban!!!!
Sen. Whitehouse,  is a diversoniary radical leftist facilitator
Whitehouse and his friends are causing these issues, they should be charged  .
But the same BS from his side is okay? 

@MSNBC is just an extension of the Dem party.
Democrats baiting Trump is out of hand. This devisive head butt from liberals will be their end. I predict a hugh exedis from party!


2/  or 25th amendment????
You think this is out of hand? Lets all hope that it isn't true. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhTUIORu2_I …
Gosh, do ya think?
Is it possible Trump is right with tapping but Russia is behind it???
Yes, justice admits it did happen but refuses to ID who. Looks like The WH ordered it. Obama must accept responsibility.
Who is he? From what state? Should have Googled him.
@FoxNews you might not like what they find. Re-election time is coming and the Left better stop crying and get on board
Dead on comment. They may be unhappier if this turns out their side orchestrated it all. Hope fades for them.
the demo tats are out of hand. Wait till next election.
That's cause he's insane.
@JohnDePetroshow  the senator could change his behavior, and join the rest of the us trying to rebuild what obama destroyed.
Thand you, but what do you expect from Trump?
what can be done WHEN he can't prove this?
@JohnDePetroshow.  Always amusing to hear what Sheldon has to say those few days of the year when his teeth become unclenched.....
we need  Chafee!  It's impossible to wire tap the Wee Hoose farm. No phones here...
. Absolutely Henry! You're safe out in the boonies!  Wouldn't be able to crack his metric code anyway!
This is stupid news, not news at all. What can you report that is news? Say, Health care is being worked on, jobs are coming  back...
Whitehouse and messnbc are jokes!
ummmm ya think
No shit Sherlock
@JohnDePetroshow Weldon
Ya think?
Sen. Whitehouse is certifiable. Ask him how Jennifer Rivera is doing? She died in the witness protection program under him as AG.
get use to this name "obamagate"
Ask James Rosen what Obama had done to him under his administration
@kathyprojo more focus on climate change
lol.....ya, that's what we need
many like it
Ok so Sen. Whitehouse....what are you going to do about it??
what's it gonna us  cost to get melania to move in with that big fat fool?  start the go-fund-me.
TRANQUILIZE HIM! They say a person without sleep, gets PARANOID & DELUSIONAL! May cause harm to themselves/others! ENOUGH HARM DONE!
The behavior of Dems is out of hand.
#FAKENEWS
yes-it is
Of course it's out of hand. He creates diversion after diversion and ppl fall for it.
yes the DNC should be ashamed of themselves
Ya think?
Keep it up Shelly. The walls are crumbling and you're freaking out with denial. Loving it.
Then get Mike Pence & the cabinet to remove Trump via the 25 amendment now
Administration of fools,Cabinet of idiots.
All the insane idiots come out to tweet.
Out of hand? Bat shit crazy.
yes Trump is out of control and someone needs to stop jim
now all will come to understand how hard it is to commit a mentally ill adult short of a clear & present danger to oneself or others
impreavhment impreachment, impreachment, or should we keep waiting on him to destroy  more of the nation
dont understand why the big shots here in america is not speaking out, where is those mega church leaders or the cat has their tongue
oh yea i forgot, the government promise not to tax you guys if you promise not to say anything going on in society,
Mathews 26:52  .Jesus said, “Put your sword back into its place. For all who take the sword will perish by the sword.
30 yrs from now GrandParents will say let me tell u about the time twitter brought a US Pres down. 
@CNNPolitics Majority of Americans recognize some psychiatric symptoms. Why is nothing being done?
bam cause this is the beginning of one world government under the new world order,
3-5 years fema is going to start collecting america citizens, why you think their letting people in country
this is going to be one of the collection country of citizens
so says our RI filthy rich fraud
out if hand yes, but SNL has never been better
@POTUS. Trump could put an end to all this right now RESIGN ASAP! Go directly to Mental Health Care Facility
Ya don't say?
the Dems are out of control
yes it is!! Impeach this lunatic!
get use to it loser dem
No he's beating you at your own game
There will be a massive uprising at the voting booth against Repubs for letting the Trump circus continue.
Trumps behavior is out of this world! Article 25 is for deranged idiots like him!
the remarks r always the same liberals have nothing to say total Loosers
. But at least we know how to spell losers.
@SenWhitehouse Who should we press?

@SenMajLeader @SpeakerRyan @jasoninthehouse 

#PressCONGRESS
Judt doing what he said he'd do
Ya think?
All y'all doing is talking. This will blow over in a week and back to liking President Nut Job again. Do something about it.
Ya think???
Well them, take action and do something about it.
Translation: he out of his freaking mind he must be on something - I hope he understand what - sharing means

No shit, senator. Get the impeachment ball rolling.
so then why hasnt trump been impeached on the grounds he is insane.
guess what? Too damn bad.
agree
