They're cowards. And they're facilitating a great injustice to our country. Trump needs to go.
They ARE cowards and unamerican traitors, like Benedict Arnold. They need to be kicked out ASAP.
#ITMFA
{{http://impeachdonaldtrumpnow.org }} 970,000+ have signed the request for impeachment. Please sign & share. #resist #TheResistance
"...but her emails!"
They should really just say what they mean "...but her vagina!"
No we mean like crooked. You know like an criminal.
That is some criminally bad grammar.
Liberals litterally complain about evreything.
Conservatives literally believe anything that fits their misinformed and bigoted narrative. Happy Saturday!
You should be impeachd as a senator for not fullfilling your oath to support and defend the law.
And to the press when he was in Israel..... "I never used the word or name, Israel...."
They say, "But her emails!"
How is that there is "harmless classified".  If its classified it should be protected and Hillary should be in jail!
I think that is a terrible idea!  You have no clue!!
Hypocrisy or just ignorance!  Maybe they don't know the difference .
@SenWhitehouse  Stop lying! We all heard Comey testify 2 classified & a number of emails that could h/had grave consequences 2 our security!

Senator I say impeach him.
@RepAdamSchiff: Impeachment "not something I believe people should wish for, whether you like or dislike the president."
Don't forget they wanted to Prosecute her over if *C  was 4 classified &HOW COULDN'T she RECGONIZE, lol &45 cont's 2 misspell 3 letter words
And to Duarte....
You might want to talk to your Judiciary Committee chair who wants to go back to Hillary's emails yet again. Too much time & $$$ on nothing!
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
What?
Basically, everything Trump accused Hillary of he appears to be actually guilty of. #TrumpRussia is true. All of it. Watch and see.
#Hypocrites
No harmless classified information. The fact of putting classified I formation on a private server is a felony in itself.
and what were those "secrets"?
They say "He's Prez and can do whatever he wants! But Obama should be in jail!"
Not a damn thing
Electorate put old insane white male in office of president- makes me sick everyday; sinking the country as a leader
Uh huh. Uh huh. He said " harmless". You dolt.
So sad and disturbing
Why you so sure that Trump reveals secrets in a public meeting. You.make.not.sense
I like it...#RS say what??
Harmless Emails? Smh
Sure would be nice to see GOP stand up and protect our democracy and join in on demand for a SPECIAL PROSECUTOR! Enough is enough already!
Excellent point Senator! They say NOTHING! Remember when your the 3 Stooges peers had this to say? The GOP is a group of SPINELESS whiners!
The silence is deafening! Country first.
Russia has something on the @GOP and I can't wait until it comes out! #Traitors #CountryOverParty
They are in deep, deep denial. #TraitorTrump couldn't act more guilty! Why would an innocent person do these crazy things? #WakeUp #MAGA
@GOP WILL be held accountable
@johncusack Wait until these un patriotic representatives come home to their constituents demanding impeachment proceedings!
#Republicanhypocrisy
Crickets!
From this Rhode Islander - THANK YOU!
@RandPaul @SenateMajLdr @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @SpeakerRyan @tedcruz @MikePenceVP @SenatorBurr @Jim_Jordan
GOP = No Integrity.
Well said @SenWhitehouse well said.
Need to get your facts straight,
THIS "R" knows that even Comey said there is O evidence of collusion.  BTW, anything deemed classified is not harmless.
*echo echo echo*
"Harmless" Classified Info Did you really just say that? C'mon now, we know you have to have some intelligence.
Where was your criticism of @HillaryClinton you hypocrite?
GOP has other, more pressing concerns. Like private deals, $$$, passing their pet fantasy, putting down minorities, blocking voting etc. Etc
crickets.
Thank you. Keep standing up for our country!

No evidence that any classified info from Hillary was ever hacked or leaked.
@foggybottomgal absolutely the most hypocritical group of half_wits ever bred amongst half-wits
Harmless? There we have the dem lib hypocrisy in a nutshell
Hillary should be in jail. If POTUS is criminally liable, you prove it and jail him. Otherwise shut up.
Thoughts and prayers
Crickets!!!!
There was NOTHING HARMLESS about the thousands of unprotected SECRETARY OF STATE Correspondence. WAKE UP!
Republicans say, wait for it..... it's Obama's fault!
Yes. Always. Because he's not cadaverously old and white.
Right, wouldnt to warn them about avaition threat to the world. Who is leaking stories and what other secure info is next.
And here we have in-person, conscious dissemination by a POTUS. Wonder is he bothered to share the info with our ALLIES.
A party that politically exploits an attack on an American outpost is capable of any evil.
Conservative radio host & blogger Erick Erickson knows one of the sources in the latest Trump-Russia story; worse than being reported!
Yup, that secret email marked with a C in the wrong place questioning whether HRC should attend an African leader's funeral was devastating.
Not to mention she was never hacked, unlike the state dept. they didn't even have to hack this - he is willingly telling them
Troubling!!! 
#impeach 
#obstructionofjustice
Nothing! They say nothing. Beyond shameful.
#RESIST #republicanvalues #RepublicanJesus #FASCISTGOP #sethrich They are digging up old fake news - Putin bots help
Come on Republicans get some freaken balls! You are in the spotlight do something or become a public citizen quickly! Unless you're spies 2.
These emails were harmful and she should be on probation, just like that other dude who committed the same crime.
#LOCKHIMUP!!!
Harmless? How would  we know.  Still thousands "missing"
True! Republicans continue to double down on their hypocrisy.
Harmless?  Are you kidding?  You are kidding, aren't you?
#LockHimUp
i
In bed with Russia  he wouldn't be  potus if  not for Putin he needs to be brought up on treason charges impeached and put in prison
Lock her up
QUIT LYING...COMEY " HUNDREDS OF TOP SECRET AND SECRET INTELL INFO COMPROMISED".  SHE SHOULD BE PROSECUTED NOW.
You need more sources to write a college paper than to slander a Republican president.
since she deleted the most damaging emails, we'll never know.
But her emails... please try to use Eric Cartman's voice
Death penalty
Whats the difference between harmless classified info and real secrets?
Just boys being boys.
I wonder how harmless Qhadaffi considered Hillary. Still waiting for explanation why she promoted the death of a western ally
When will the democrats stop trying to over throw the government? YOU are the insider threat.
What was leaked, who said it was classified? Our top national security adviser, who was in the room, said the story was untrue.
What real secrets are you referring to? Is this what elected democrats do as their job now? Exaggerate random news articles with no proof?
Harmless classified info? How in the hell did you get a job in the government? The FBI said her emails contained TOP SECRET information
So far, the Republicans have not been able to prove Hillay's security mischief
if they were harmless why were they classified, stupid? she will still get her day in jail.
U got lucky w Nardolillo announcement. The 45 lover is no match for you. However Flanders could beat you. So keep embarrassing yourself thx

Not a factual statement. Both compromised our intel community.
There's nothing harmless about classified anything.   Clinton wasn't President, Trump is and he declassify at a whim.
I'll say it for them. Impeach him before its too late.
Harmless classified...you can't be that stupid!
Say "special prosecutor." Say "impeach."
@HouseGOP says and does nothing. They will b recorded in history as  worst Republucans ever & the reason for the downfall of our democracy 
The silence is deafening
They were worried about Weiners emails p HILLARY server LOL 
We have a DICK-TATER GIVING AWAY SECRETS 2 THE ENEMY
Not a damn thing, like they have been doing 
Oh, that Trumpy. Such a silly goose!  He just wanted more declassified info in the world. Let's stop secrecy he thought
I DON'T want 2 hear about HRC's emails EVER AGAIN!
This on the other hand is highly DANGEROUS 2 us & the world!WHAT R U GOING 2 DO About it?
Hillary didn't have harmless emails. Then why did they rmove completely some emails . Comey said highly classified
I knew this presidency would be bad BUT NOT THIS BAD AND NOT THIS FAST. SAD.
Jackasses equating emails with potus intentional data passing need to get off their Ambian. 1=unlocked gun case. 2= shooting someone.
...crickets...crickets...crickets...
Info delivered in person consciously by our POTUS! MRGA.
LOCK THEM ALL UP!!!
@CeceliaTU1 @GOP At what point do you put country before party and start to care? This is scaring the rest of us+it's on you.
They say NOTHING! Their silence is deafening!!! Where have all the so-called super patriots gone! Have you seen even one???
the only true statement in that tweet is 'Republicans chant "lock her up".' In your chase we chant 'institutionalize this nut job'.
Mr whitehouse repeating a bullshit story ain't going to make it true, and saying something is harmless doesn't excuse failure to comply.
(Crickets)
BS! Hillary secret, top secret and Classified. I am a Democrat. This False Report. Just want to destroy, obstruct..
harmless??? oh BS!!!  not to mention this story has already been proven as FAKE
Hillary's were PROVEN and purposeful. Trump's were just more fake news from Hillary's cronies. And how do you know hers were harmless?
Hillary wasn't POTUS.  Trump is and he has authority to declassify anything he wishes.  Nice1 Senator lol
So sad  America has never seen a party less caring than these republicans!!!!!!
Nothing in HRC's email was marked as classified, nor was any info classified per State Dept
Harmless??? She leaked when Chris was going to be at the Benghazi annex and who was meeting him from Turkey.  Her leaks got people killed.
thank you for standing up  -- their standard is even below a double standard
as long as he doesn't reveal his sources.....
But is it possible that nobody combines a right one?
Uh ... when did Hillary get locked up, dude?  Chanting it don't make it so. #BlockworthyIgnornace
Is anyone else reading this as "say whaaaaaaaat!?"
@SenSanders More ISIS/Russia/Syria "classified info" leaked to Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_military_intervention_in_the_Syrian_Civil_War …
If this action was done by Pres Obama or Hiliary, they would be compiling documents to lock them up before the end of the May
@SenSanders ISIS info leaked to Russians, who have been fighting ISIS in Syria for over 2 years.
If Bernie is asking for the "Oval Office tapes" be released, where is the evidence any "classified info" was given to the Russians?
Clinton Cash - Russia
@kelli_carvino Trump found his leaker and it is Trump.

Sphincter!!
wheres the proof it happened SHELDON  lol SHELDON
Morons say 'what'? Rs: What.
What states is RI in?
"Fake News"... Those idiots chant "Fake News"...
4(Hypocrisy) + 52(Agenda) x 5(Fox disinformation) = Bullsh*t Hypernova.
Harmless classified info in SAP emails? Are you that fucking stupid or you just look that way?
They say its ok. Its not illegal. Shit just keeps getting weirder & more dangerous
Hypocrisy is astounding. Bc GOP need Trump 2complete agenda 2kick millions off healthcare, tax cuts 4rich, deregulation, etc
Silence is deafening
Well one of those people had authorization to declassify so... they aren't wrong. I know we dislike Trump. But let's aim our anger better.

WhAt harmless emails 9 blackberries 2 laptops destroyed after she was subpoenaed she should be in jail
May I be the first to insist that President Pence, Ryan, or Hatch be denied ANY Confirmation Hearings on nomination for new Vice President.
They say 'we won get over it!'
Ummm, just what is "harmless" classified?
Absolutely nada  #TreasonousTrump #obstructionofjustice #ImpeachThenProsecute  #ImpeachTrumpPence
Republicans say "How much more can we cut Medicare?"
Too much for a tweet but "if" any of this WaPo story is true, I'd start with; Hillary broke the law, Trump didn't.
Wow this is why we should wait for the news, this is a completely false story. and passed on my intolerant Democrats. shame on you.
you don't know if it was in the confines of his job yet do you?  @MarkRuffalo
I can hear the sound of crickets... #impeach
to be fair, this is not 100% confirmed until trump rights a tweet in all caps, and then says FAKE NEWS
Crickets
Out of 30,000+ emails, a possible "13" emails that may/may not have been marked "classified," which she may not have been able to recognize.
"I don't know nothing' 'bout birthin' no babies." At which point, like Mix Scarlett, we should slap the  out of them.
I hear R's aren't sure what to do, keep incontinent leaker or take chance with man who can't be alone with a woman other than wife #Losers
VOTE SHELDON OUT!
R's say:
I know it's so bad
