This is a good article. I think #1 for many. 2018 is going to determine quite alot of things, if we can survive as a nation until then.
I disagree with the dramatic part obv; I think Trump's a danger to our democracy. Curious tho, why do you think I lack knowledge in history?
*Crickets*
Aha! I agree with sleep, but I disagree about Trump. From foreign policy to domestic policy it's an alarming mess & a quagmire. A long list.
You followed #Obama for eight years and have nothing to show for it. Gave us 180 Climate speeches. You're done. 

@bobby4senate18
@bobby4senate18you are clueless! Sen Whitehouse has given more info on climate change in Senate Dude do your homework
I look for your continued leadership fighting #climatechange it may not be comprehensible to #Trump but neither is lying. I am with #Sheldon
What’s dangerous is politicians like yourself misinforming the public with your rhetoric! How about you present facts or shhhhhhhh!
You offer 5 opinions!Democrats and republicans are both corrupt establishment tools!& the people are on 2your games! Trump 2020!Deal with it
Because he is the Best President ever!
Mr. Whitehouse, YOU are flawed and dangerous,  supporting illegal immigrants, the NDAA, ObamaCare, et al. All Trump does is keep promises.
Love president trump  he is our president  get over it get on the train or get the he'll OFF
Where there's calculation, there's miscalculation. And the Football
A SADEEP STATE MAY REVERSE HIS TYRANNICALIAR'n
C(R)OOKKK'ED(R)umpfUSALLY CHIEF!
Bewildered.  They don’t lose the WH if they impeach him.  The only conclusion is they’re terrified of him.
 because he's done more for this country than you have in 10 years.
Maybe because we prefer a leader with a spine and a backbone instead of a soft wIshy washy follower like you.
don't ask the left to explain their talking points-they'll just block ya!  HahahHha
What happens to GOP when he’s gone? Or don’t they look that far?
Because the republicans motto is Power, Money, and Greed for their own self delusional interest and screw the people of this country
Love you president Trump
Thank you for admitting how politicians lack the wherewithal to make change. It’s about self-preservation. So, can you step down please?
Oh shut up
U r just lucky u r representing a bunch of ignorant and stupid voters in this state which makes u look intelligent, which u r not
Hey Sheldon stick it in your ......
So Christian!  
Yeah I know it was in bad spirit, it was a bad day

Nearly 70% of people hurt by Trump cuts to health care subsidies live in states he won. @AP_Christina @MeghanHoyer. http://apne.ws/7iNtKD4 
I stand by my president 100%
He is dangerous, pure & simple.  Republicans are letting him to their dirty work.  Trolls & millionaires...their base.
Whitehouse why don't you keep your mouth shut.
Hypocrite:
They have no individuality or willingness to stand up for there constituents.
None of the reasons cited are valid individually or in total. Entire party leadership sadly suffers from shared pathology. #immoralvision
Same reason you belong to whites only beach club!
Pres. Trump  has We the people behind him and he speaks for us. Republicans who don't support him will be voted out!
Trump doesn’t know “us”. It’s always “I”.
Republicans can’t fix their Trump problem until they’re willing to call it by its true name:  Radical Russian Puppetism
You, lady, if you are in fact a lady, need serious help!
Boo!
Because at its core, the GOP is flawed and dangerous. The GOP's nihilism is reflected by Trump.

Only dangerous and stupid people i see is you and your cronies
Who was willing to become an Independent and broke his contract with the Republicans.
The fact he is pissing off all of you dainty Dems. Is enough for me #MAGA
Sheldon not everybody can be perfect like you. We don't need Perfection we need progress. That is what Trump does for us

I can give u 2 GOOD reasons.....1 hes nothing like U.....2 best prez ever.
Why did you stay quiet w dangerous and flawed Obama? Ready to pay my ins stolen by Obamacare fraud?
Working hard for RI again MR Whitehouse?  WAKE UP RI your leaders don’t care about helping you.
Attracting Mercer bots  like moths to a flame. 
 How to ID bots to block? Computer-generated names.
Why do DEMONcrats continue to persecute our great President?  He is so much better than the fraud Usurper was that you put in office.
the same reason that the democratic party is still bending over for traitor slanders. putins moneyt
They stick with Trump because of their perceived self-intere$t. But are ready to jump ship when they feel that is threatened.
Good, so they'll get caught un the undertow.
Barack Hussein Obama was the dangerous and seriously flawed president and you democrats followed him until his very last day in office.
Crazy democrats and RINOs will be voted out. Trump 2020
Hopefully they grow a spine before WW3 starts.  #ITMFA
Mr.whitehoue, be part of the fix , stop bashing Mr. Trump . Every tho g he does he is do I g for America's on good . The Dems are lost .
The only danger I see is your support of the climate change hoax that destroys jobs and and freedom.
#Resistance since you know he's dangerous begin impeachment now.
This from the senator who took thousands in donations from Harvey Weinstein, and belongs to "whites only"baileys beach club.
There's going to be another election in 3 yrs. If your candidate wins wouldn't it be American ideal to think we all move forward together.
May be because 60 million of us elected him & the survival of our country depends on us respecting election results even when our guy looses

How's the weather in Russia? It must be difficult to live on an average of $209 monthly while Putin steals from u. You need to get him out.
really!we had a traitor for 8yrs & whiner losers like you said not a http://peep.now  a new guy in office less then a year...OMG!!!!

The President is drunk with power. The Republicans have O’Deed on power,media is mesmerized. Somebody scream!
Death wish?
I wish you wd run for POTUS 2020. Seriously. pls consider it.
Seems  to me that any anti American, pro terrorist, pro illegal immigrant senator aka a democrat like your self is ‘flawed and dangerous’
We will beat you (the establishment ) President Trumps done more for the American people than you ever will
Same reasons Dems clung to flawed and dangerous Hillary. Time to replace them all. @BrandNew535
FLAWED Hillary?? TRUMP is MentallyILL has told 1300+ LIES since being elected! SMELL THE COFFEE Jefftrump’s a FAILURE+passed NO legislation
Hillary's imperfection has nothing to do with trump's dumpster fire.

More likely Trump dumps GOP. #MAGA
He can’t make it without them. #ImpeachTrump is right around the corner
Drugs, I hope you are enjoying them while supplies last.
GREED, LACK OF EMPATHY, AVARICE, CORRUPTION... #GOPSCUMBAGS...
You’re a flawed and dangerous socialist. You and Bernie need to move to Venezuela. Thanks bro.
We won't dump trump because the alternative is much worse....You.
Wow bots are in full force
You are not the resistance , you are part of the lies
Hell they better pray POTUS Trump does not dump then
Because the democrats are murderers and corrupt!
Bot 7 followers
If only there were some other, opposing party . . .
6. The’re evil. 7 They’re traitors.
Bot 6 followers
This makes me feel like I'm living in a parallel world.
Money and racism.
Let's see Dems. Ocare which has ruined health insurance, for death tax,had a serial liar for a Pres. Candidate. Dems for abortion, souless!
Soulless Democrats!
So u chose a fake republican that sold our country to Russia? Wow! Good thing trump preyed on the uneducated
She's a fake doctor
Cut from the same fabric
Hi Sheldon You Constitution hating, commie SOB
Bot 8 followers
