Maybe it's best you don't know. Obamacare is killing us. Check out the map, pay attention to MO. Light blue =1 choice, dark blue = 0. #MAGA
Fun fact missouri is one of the states that refused to let the bill operate as functioned. It's failing because state republicans want it to
If I saw a plan that would cover more people than ACA I'd support it no matter what party wrote it. The republicans have proven they can't.
.@clairecmc what's beyond weird is the president tweeting like a mad man/ 2 year old temper tantrum in the middle of the night!! #Twittereah
He's exposing the swampy establishment, Claire is part of it.  Be thankful to rid the Ole Boys Club, corruptGovernment.
HE IS THE SWAMPY ESTABLISHMENT!! He has bought more politicians then any President in HISTORY!!
You would vote "NO@ regardless so in the words of HRC, what difference does it make?
LOL is this actually one of the people in US congress.......
Hope you enjoy your last months of being Senator. Not voting to repeal the current healthcare ACA just got you dumped by the people.
It's shameful that the entire bill has been cloaked in secrecy. What are they afraid of? The ACA had town halls, meetings and was bipartisan
So you have forgotten "We have to pass it to see what's in it." I see...
I remember the town hall meetings summer 2009. Obama had a televised one. The Tea Party disrupting as many meetings as they could.
I remember the open debates in congress televised. I remember AMA and AARP supporting it. I remember the bill passing 60–39
Nancy Pelosi flubbed that sentence hard. "you must pass the bill to understand [the proper ramifications of the bill]" is what I got from it
The bill wasn't hidden. It was publicly discussed, it was vetted by the healthcare industry, it passed by majority vote. A far cry from now.
If Pelosi's quote destroyed your faith in the process, then I can't fix that in 140 characters. It's passing gave millions healthcare.
But it's not "beyond wierd" for your fellow traveler Nancy Pelosi to tell Americans "We have to pass the bill to find out what's in it"?
You have voted WRONG on everything for MO
Grow up!
Vote with your caucus Claire.
Pass it to find other what is in it.
Just like when Obamacare passed.  Hypocrites all of you dems and republicans alike
It is beyond weird. How is this even legal? This is the way dictators pass legislation. Maybe flat out scary is a better word!!
Kinda like Obama care, we have to pass it to see what's in it, sound familiar?
OMG Really Get your Fricking big girl panties on or get the hell out of congress
Full Repeal 
Sounds like #ObamaCare hmmm  would you call this #Karma ??
Sort of like signing a bill at 11:30 pm on Christmas eve?  Like that?
Clair, give John a big hug & a kiss. He is a patriot  & a man of honor great courage!
Your outta here come 2018 
Why does it matter? You morons are programming to just vote no anyway...
Uh, just like how Obamacare was passed!
Sounds like another sign it so we can read ot bill.... 
Shit is out of hand...  Transparency is a must, it needs to be televised & public
Just like O'Care done in secrecy how quickly u forget!
It's simple. Represent your constituents - say no.
Speak for yourself
look at the popular vote
Repeal would be my guess
My goodness just go ask someone, are you in jr high school or what?
You,re a big girl, figure it out, or get out of Congress!
I never used Obamacare bc it was more expensive than my work insurance. Then guess what Obamacare drove up my costs. Thanks I was fine OMO
Who cares what you think? You're gone in 2018 anyway.
I was a democrate for years, whole family democrates. Now we vote for TRUMP, you are so gone in Missouri.
Sooo your gonna vote no as part of your dems agenda to hold back America so what does it matter if you know, we don't care if you know!!!
Secrecy like lying about meeting with Russian Amb?
Um, do you remember 7 years ago when the Democrats hid Ocare & shoved it down our throats?  Please stop being a hypocrite and liar Claire.
Kinda reminds me how Nancy Pelosi does those things
I DO NOT BELIEVE YOU!
Didn't bother u when obamacare was passed b4 it was even read by u ignorant dimms. Quit whining and resign.
Quit pushing this "secrecy" ! The fact is U clowns screwed us w/ BOcare! Now your obstructing & still screwing us over! GET 2 WORK!!!
But you voted for Obamacare without reading, knowing, or even caring what was in it? Isn't there a word for people like you? Hypocrite
Repeal!
you are such a LIAR...  Election can't come fast enough to get you out of office...
All these Democrats backing you tells it all. Your a democrat and you didn't care that Obama ruined it all. You have to pass the bill to see
Quit whining and making excuses, keep the promise that all of you made to us and get rid of Obama's FU to America! We will purge the GOP!
YOU VOTED NO to even work together. So we will vote YES to replace you. Thank you for clearly showing you are self-serving!
Did you have flashbacks to when Nancy Pelosi said "to know what's in the bill, we have to pass the bill?"
sorta like when you passed Ocare? Pelosi said, we have to pass it to know what's in it #liesandmore
Sounds a lot like when the dems pushed through the ACA. "We have to pass the bill to see what's in it"
Just so you know, I didn't vote for Trump
So grateful to have you on the front line protecting the public.
You didn't know what you were voting on when you passed the AHCA so why is this a bother now?
@AARP @AARPadvocates @NatlGovsAssoc  also beyond weird that nobody will address pharma price gouging & fraudulent charges to Medicaid.
Unfortunately, the Republicans learned this trick from your team...
And that makes it okay?
I pray America can rise from the ashes of this presidency.

Then vote AGAINST it. Obstruct, delay. And push single payer, for chrissake. Let's play OFFENSE for a change.
Continue to fight for preexisting conditions to be covered, the elderly and the disabled.  Noone should die because of the lack of insurance
Welcome to Trumpville, where the truth is an illusion and lies will set you free. Good luck in that clusterf.....
Sort of like when you all (Democrats) voted for Obamacare without reading it?
Hope full repeal
Do you not recall when Obamacare was first unveiled.........? 
Sound familiar??? Kinda like OBAMACARE???
But:" We have to pass it so we can find out what's in it!"
Same story different year
Keep fighting against these morons Claire!  You're a fantastic Senator!!!
Kind of like "we have to pass it to know what's in the bill?
Not rich enough to know the secret hand shake...
Claire...stop being a drama queen.
Is she wrong?
You tell me http://clerk.house.gov/floorsummary/floor.aspx …
If she doesn't know what she's voting for ....she needs a new line of work. You should ask her the same question you asked @RoyBlunt
She needs to go anyway. #termlimits same thing I put on Blunts twitter today..can you say the same.??
How can you vote if you don't know what you are voting on????
Thank you for going into battle for us every single day.
We have to pass the bill so you can find out what is in it.  Does that sound familiar?
They are doing all and WORSE of what they falsely accused President Obama of doing. It's beyond despicable.
Can we sue the GOP?
Why would they? Everybody knows you are a "no" vote no matter the GOP proposal. So why bother?
Thank you for standing up for the people of Missouri!!!!
You know what's even weirder? A woman who calls herself a democrat but believes my rights as a woman are negotiable.
Like the secrecy used tearing down our beautiful Chrysler plants in Fenton right? https://youtu.be/yMEPwQmknlU 
don't forget mrs duplicity " you have to pass the bill to see what is in it"
You and the other congressman/women have an ultimate health coverag Vote for a health coverage the rest of us on fixed income can afford
Then be sure to vote against it!
Imperative 2focus on Midterms n 469 days.The Press, Politicians&Candidates preoccupied w DT&Russia.Candidates need help&coverage?
I want to know if this is 100% accurate, and if so, I want to know why this is the case. This is unacceptable if it is accurate.
You're voting to open debate about them. C'mon man
How can you accept that?
Please do all you can to fight back
What country is this ? What country are we ?
You were going to vote anyhow!
you were voting to move a discussion on health care forward and you failed!  SAD!
I live in Missouri and I will be voting NO for Claire McCaskill #Showme #fireclaire
Say...if I, one of your constituents, knows what the vote is for [and I DO] - certainly YOU should know, eh? You're deceiving people!
Senate Democrats can filibuster this bill by offering an unlimited number of amendments. Swamp her NOW folks thye can prolong this death sen
Your vote was literally on debating healthcare in general, not a bill 
Just like pass Obama care and then we will know what's In it. Are u on Obama care
Claire, I hope you now understand how we felt when you ruined our Christmas by ramming through your secret vote on Obamacare a big failure
Publicize the names of the Senators who voted for the Motion to Proceed
How is that legal ?  Shouldn't all votes be done with clear understanding of their impact and implications?!
Stay with your principles Clair.
@royblunt voted to kill my family. Please tell him that.
Really. This coming from the party that said. We must pass it then read it?
Sounds just what the democrats did when they held the senate and house remember Claire?
At least they aren't telling you to pass it so you can see whats in it.  Vote YES!!!
And what would make it even better is if you all had some skin in the game and it would be your health care program also not exempt from it
Claire don't you remember the famous words we have to vote on it before we can read it
You have to pass it first to see what's in it.
Go get them!
they are ashamed  of this bill and this vote   and should be  SHAME
Repeal of individual mandate and employer mandate. You gonna vote against this?
PROTEST THE VOTE
Protest the Vote
This is NOT how it works. This is not how any of this works. Democracy!!!!!
Vote No!
Vote no!
Then you must vote NO
Vote No. #SaveACA
Please #resist #reject #FixACA
#shocking
I should also add sad
Thank you for your commonsense leadership, Sen. MCCaskill. And a belated happy birthday! - A constituent from KCMO
I admire you for being in such staunch opposition to this bill, esp. when you represent a state where that could be a liability. #ThankYou.
Then how are you saposed to vote for the people? This is just irresponsibility in action AGAIN
Even people who don't know what the issues are purposely DO NOT VOTE BLINDLY. Are you saying you do not even have that much good sense?
Insanity!
That should make it easy for you to vote NO!!!
Stay strong, don't let them (male Republicans) push you around or bully you! Make us proud!
I'm sure it only serves their interests, please vote no if this is the case.  Thank you in advance.
Our democracy depends on transparency. Tired of the GOP's secrecy #VoteNo
watch #NoFlyClair VOTE NO along with 24 other @SenateDems NOT VOTE to #Improve there #FLAWED LAW , Most will get VOTED OUT in 2018 #MOGA
If it was so great, it would not be a secret. So awesome they are more worried about saving face for their party than saving lives.
It feels bizarre out here in regular people world, too. Thanks for fighting for us!
Sounds like the same shit you did with Obama care you got a pass it before you can read it elections coming
We hope you are calling all of your GOP colleagues and waking them up to their democracy destroying behavior.  This is utterly unacceptable!
You do too know.
It's
"How do we spite the Dems,esp. PBO, & everyone who didn't vote for us,using taxpayer money?"

You know—same as always.
Then I guess the right thing to do is to vote NO. Any other vote would be irresponsible.
I'm not one of your constituents, but thank you for your leadership.
At least Mitch will be not cut into the August recess.  20m uninsured people be dammed.
But you’re voting against it anyway, right Claire?
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @USATODAY
@SenateMajLdr should be ashamed.  This is legislation and it needs to be conducted in open.
Vote YES on ACA/Obamacare REPEAL! If you don't, you will probably lose your election in 2018. Represent ALL Missourians, not just St. Louis
Why is this not illegal?
He will vote with his party. Very disappointing.
It would seem your MO counterpart @RoyBlunt doesn't care about the secrecy. I wonder why.
Thank you! Tell Roy Blunt from me, we are watching! If he votes to take away our healthcare, we will vote to take away His job! #nocare
A-men!!!
Is this any way to run a government??
A government of the people, for the people, and by the people!!!!
Its not weird - it's infuriating! So many lives are at stake. Secrecy to support a traitor speaks volumes.
The whole thing is weird, seems very hateful
Please do not enable the game that McConnell is playing. Vote NO on any bill held secret until the day of the vote. So disrespectful.
Be careful -God only knows what they will do with the wording of it.
Then vote NO!
@SenJohnMcCain Please listen to the voices of reason still alive in the Senate. Please do NOT support McConnell today. American lives need u
Get ready Claire....
#Democracy requires #transparency. This #secrecy is beyond all imaging of #leadership.
Keep fighting hard for us!! 
Dems are more concerned about keeping these people as friends instead of kicking ass. Time for some fresh blood. Current group is useless.
Can't you sue Congress? That has to be against congressional rules. Where is that coward Paul Ryan? #HealthcareBill
If you guys want to #fireclaire vote for Austin Petersen @AP4Liberty
The #ShowMe state deserves better
No, we deserve better than @SenBlunt & a bill crafted in secret. The #ShowMe state deserves transparency & inclusion of BOTH Sens in process
It's not "weird" - it's Washington.  Both sides do it and the voters lose.
Weird? Are you 8? Stop blaming, do something and yes I know who has the majority.
honestly would it matter to you? If republicans bring it up you'd vote no anyways...opposition isn't a policy
Hmm ... History repeating itself?
Typical Turtleface trick: to force REALLY nasty riders into must-have votes; I see ACA repeal in a defence bill definitely!
This is rediculous!! Count on me in 2018!!!
The greedy GOP hates America. Otherwise, why would they vote to take healthcare from millions, leave them to die, then support a traitor.
When did our nation create a government that doesn't care if sick are stripped of healthcare? We use to help others for this! @Pontifex @UN
You have no idea of the volume of American citizens suffering from the stress of this & the children are affected too, watching.
GOP government doesn't work.
Stand strong and represent us well 
@All100Senators WHAT?????!!!!!!
Doesn't sound like democracy that we were taught in school…. This is shameful and an embarassment
#SaveACA
Well then that should make it even easier to say no.
How is that allowed? This is legislation that will effect everyone, it's not an episode of Storage Wars!
Apparently, that's known as "political mastery." The majority leader has no clothes.
Illegitimate President Dysfunctional Congress filled with greed and beholding  to the rich not their constituents
Does it matter?? You wouldn't vote yes on a GOP bill even if it granted you superpowers
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Just say no.
(202) 224-3121
Call Now
#LightUpThePhonesforACA
Senators should refuse to vote st all for a pig in a poke
So you should be voting NO to not only deny the MTP but make a statement about the secretive process.
#trump dictatorship hard at work
"Beyond weird"? It's as if you're suggesting that Congress would NEVER pass something without transparency. Your hypocrisy is showing.
I'm really worried about this.  Can I call Blunt's office more than once per day?
Secrecy like when you secretly didn't pay your taxes on your plane...for years?  Because yea, I could see how secrets are no fun....
I sure wish they would start being straight up about this.  There is no reason for all of this secrecy.
No, weird is when you become Russia obsessed but talk/associate with the Russian people you accuse Trump for colluding with
Find the lunatic @RoyBlunt and tell him his days are numbered in his senate seat if he votes for it.
