Frankly Senator all of this has been garbage and we're in the Twilight Zone never a day that I thought to see America hurt its own people!
Of course you are. Worthless efforts full time . Need to add all the bogus party based games and send you a bill. Pay up & get to work  sad!
Great job on Morning Joe!
Thank you Sen Whitehose! Have you ever thought about running for President? You already have the name!  Think about it please
Other states and countries have healthcare that works, time to ask the people who helped write a successful plan!
They will own this terrible bill.To coin a phrase of DT: We will be so winning in 2018 - "we'll be so tired of winning",!
You're just an obstructionist.  Get out of the way!
So it was ok for R's to obstruct for 8 yrs even w/18months of OPEN HEARINGS! Don't you want to know what's in it?
We'll know what's in it and it will be done right
So why hide it? I know-to keep the details from the public & out of the news. It's disgraceful.
Thank you, Sir!
So. You're not from RI. Mind your own business.
This affects everyone in the nation, not just one state.
Good work fighting for people not special interests and profit. We have your back
NEGOTIATE!  DO YOUR JOB!
Got behind full garbage truck? Same smell from BombO-care & Trumpet-care, ALL Demos, Repubs, liberals, Teapartiers, all politicans  left out
Apparently you forgot about ramrodding Obamacare down our throats.....hypocrite!
Please just start talking about a fix and repair plan on ACA. Just say the words that assures the public. It wouldn't hurt. It assures
Yes, they are. No, they don't want bipartisan help. But, why not do it anyway? Write your own repair to the ACA? Take it to the people.
The only "Gargbage bill" that was passed without Republicans was, "We'll have to pass the bill to see what's in it" Obamacare failure!
Thank you.  And the rest of dems. Giving us "indigent " "invalid" Americans voices. The Repubs just care about wealthy businessman. We know
The Dems on the floor will go down in history as true patriots and heroes. #fightforourlives
You haven't paid attention to happenings in Seattle & Virginia & points all over this country, have you?
Same shit you pulled with O'care. Cry me a river
Thank you Senator Whitehouse! We all deserve to know what's in this bill.
How about Republicans ask you not to read it like Pelosi did?
If Obamacare was so great, why did Congressional Democrats exempt themselves from it?
This Rhode Islander thanks you!
Obstruct and shame them into showing the bill
Hypocrite
By jove, I think you've got it, my point that is
Yes, the Repubs healthcare is garbage. The SAME foul mess the Demos crammed down our throats. It's 6 of one, half dozen of the other.
thank you for your hard work
Thank you SO MUCH! #HoldTheFloor
Plz show video of Mary-Beth, if #TrumpCare passes she will die because of high risk pool https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1498435970187888/ … my video has 5.5 mil views
#NoHighRiskDeathPools!
Thank you
STEALING THE REMAINING 5% OF AMERICA'S WEALTH
Thank you Senator Whitehouse. You were articulate and demonstrated points as to why ACA was working but needed adjustments not thrown out 

Thank you Senators.I'm an adult w/Mitochondrial Disease.We also need to put pressure on Insurance Co. to work w/us.
Please, please keep fighting!  I am mortified that citizens have to fight to be heard by the people they elected to be their voice!
Great job! Thank you @SenWhitehouse #HoldTheFloor
Obamacare was rammed through so it's only right that it's repeal will pass the same way.
Thank you, Senator Whitehouse for your eloquent, powerful words tonight. Thank you so much.
Amen.
Despicable and cowardly, legislating from the shadows. Shut it down!
You are a shameless driver of wedges.
Where's the competing Dem bill?
Can't be as much garbage the ACA dems pushed through knowing it was a can of sh*t doomed to fail.
How do u know it's garbage if it's secret? You make no sense to normal thinking people.
Thank you!
thank you sir
Thanks for your vigilance.  Thanks to all those working with you tonight!
Court Transcript 
#DNCFraudLawsuit
http://jampac.us/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/042517cw2.pdf …
Thank you for your support!!!!
Keep up the fight! The thoughts & support of millions are with you
Thank you, Senator! Happy to have you fighting for us in RI
Just give every American the same deal you congressmen and congresswomen  vote for yourselves and call it a day!
I'm in Texas & I find @JohnCornyn's politicking & @SenTedCruz's silence terrifying. #WhoWillSpeakForMe? #HOLDTHEFLOOR #SHOWUSTHEBILL
If you want somebody to speak for you, better do it yourself. It's certainly not going to come from ANYONE in politics. Not one!
PLEASE don't "call out" repubs. We need more than that i NEED YOU to rise up and shut the gov. If you have to. I have cancer my kids need me
Do you all forget how Obamacare was passed? Pelosi schiff and others just worked to get it rolled out with no one to see it,
Please Mr President we want to be recognized too! We've done nothing to help and never will but it's not fair! Whaaaaaaaaaawhaaaaaaaa whaaa!
Go senator Whitehouse!
Give'em hell!
Thank you, Sheldon. America needs all the help it can get.
We'll just have to pass the bill to see what's in it. Not so funny now is it?
Reeling you never heard of you have to pass it before you can read it I did now I have shitty healthcare thanks Democrats!!!!!!!!!!!
A bill written in secret is inherently flawed. Conduct due diligence, Sentrs. #NoHearingNoVote #ShowUsTheBill #SaveMedicaid #STOPTrumpCare
A garbage bill? Can I call you a garbage senator? Your party wasted 8 solid years , and u here making noise. U r a problem we need to solve
Government, creating the problem then making it worse with the so called "solution"
I will be watching. Run for president, Sheldon. I have told three of your colleagues to do the same.
Fantastic!
Who believes the #GOP is working so hard to hide their #AHCA before a Senate vote because they care so deeply for your health and wellbeing?
Don't just call it out! Shut it DOWN!!!!!
mean, garbage bill. sad!
