These people are putting their bias into children's heads and yiure OK with that?
With a fan? A threatening, malevolent, peer pressuring, psychologically violent fan? Call 911
Yeah.  The fan is whats bothersome about it.
Funny-those insisting there be no stereotypes...insist their stereotypes are properly acknowledged.Have we lost the common good? #JustAsking
problem is stereotypes involve observers assigning identity vs actors choosing it for themselves
A majority of observers insist women can do anything men do, yet men who feel they're women don high heels,tight dresses,flowing hair. Why?
cuz they want to? why do you care?
Hardly an answer.  Better to say nothing.  Yes, I care.
"why do you care?" "yes, I care" thx bby
You realize that comic has the NYT? Which adds extra irony to that comic since it was the NYT that broke the HRC email server story.
American Hero
Love this guy -- he took the accolade and made tart lemonade. Good for you, Rhodey!
They put something like that is front of children.... sick
To bad the left cannot be as tolerant and understanding of conservatives/religious as they have been to them for decades. #IntolerantBullies
A fan is bullying? What's the "tolerant" thing to do? Wear a football jersey and pleated slacks? An ugly red trucker hat perhaps?
It's almost am homage to Truman Capote. #Pride2017
Wish @mike_pence was there, too.
I voted for President Trump. Republicans and @POTUS do not hate gay people, or anyone. Freedom is for everyone! Be free...
Then why were republicans blocking marriage equality for years?
This photo with the gay man will anger Trump base
No one is angered by this silly man acting silly in front of the president  and the country.
You sound angered by deriding him as a silly man. Thank you for proving my point 
I am not angered in the least... I said it was silly.  I'm not sure what point you were trying to prove... but carry on!
Why do you hate gays and Muslims?
Hahaha... you have nothing better to say?  Name calling and violence is all you have left.
With all due respect I didn't say anything violent or insult you. Just asked a genuine question. Your refusal to answer says it all I guess
Why do you hate Christians and conservatives?
And this has lead to what advancement/progress of #LGBT issue from trump?
"Not that there's anything wrong with it."
You post this as if Trump were against gay marriage rights.  You must be confused with Obama and Hillary literally until 2008.
first time I've seen her smile
Related: how the news is no longer information but propaganda.
Wow. He was a BRAVE SOLDIER. One thing I hate is idiocy.  Another is "visibly queer idiocy".
Trump has no problems with anyone except the Evil Media!
The Washington Compost, purveyor of fake news!  We can see you have an anti-Trump agenda!  You're a dying newspaper and we all know it!
How is this news?
the first lady forced smile is really something...
Trump's fake face pretty much said it all!
@aviselk putin hates gay people.
Love him!!!
But but but... the left told me Trump is a homophobe isn't he?!?! How is this possible 
The devil is behind what you have become.
Should have put his dick on his shoulder
yawn
YAASSS QUEEN!
That's awesome!
Glad Clinton didn't get elected. Her Saudis owners would have thrown this person off the roof?
This isn't newsworthy at all. It's just a funny picture.
Stupid people do stupid things let them it's a free country
As always libs can't cite anything Trump has said that's anti-gay.  Like most of us he doesn't give a damn who or what you have sex with
That's the first time Melania has smiled next to Donald in months!
Gotta love how these comments are full of Trump supporters who claim Trump loves gays, but are also furious at this man for acting gay. 
Bongacious 
And what of it?! #FreedomOfChoice
You mean visibly Fabulous. There, I fixed it.
Make
America
Gay
Again
I don't even have words to express how much I love this....
Why do we need to know his sexual orientation?
And @realDonaldTrump could care less.  He's honoring the man for being an educator. Not being Gay.
instaid of informing People you focus on stupid topics...
When asked about the photo he said....it was great except for those 2 assholes in it.
That's offensive to say one can be "visibly queer." The LGBT community can't be fit into one effeminate stereotype. Rude & inappropriate.
is this news?  Maybe 5 to 10 years ago.
So 1950!
Somebody's friend un Russia must not be very happy
He look cringy no hes the definition of cringy
Why make a mockery of yourself like that? Why fall to a stereo type?
the first POTUS to ever enter office pro gay marriage- gays totally safe and welcome in the WH- kind of busts a big narrative there.
Trump has robbed gays of federal work protections and the right not to be discriminated against by religious nuts. Marriage isn't everything
Correction... he is not allowing Christians to be discriminated against any longer... nothing to do with gays
This is fantastic
Uhh, he forgot to do the bunny ears behind presidente loco.
TRUMP just counts the #paytoplay he don't care
Trump is a NYC resident for life. He has no pro W / gay community. If he did wouldn't live in the middle of it. Teacher made fool of itself
So??
Oh gosh, since I can't read it, let me guess what you say. He is trying to get the support of gays and that Trump isn't homophobic.
So now this teacher is being discriminated against by liberals because of it...liberal bigotry and hypocrisy knows no bounds.
Perfect!
Who gives a rats ass what he is.
نعمت یا بازی یا موج؟
Tell us more about how @amazon bought the organic mafia for 13.7 moneys
You certainly gave the Trumps a giggle.
Kudos Nikos Giannopoulos for having pride in who you are. #45 is visibly inept and FLOTUS is visibly just a trophy wife. #Pride
..and you're visibly a hate-filled, intolerant, discriminating, bigot. You're classy.
Good for him
Why does this matter? Hate Trumpnor not he openly supports the LGBT community.
Gee! And he wasn't thrown into chains? Our President doesn't hate gay folks! Pretty darn obvious!
Exactly. How has the LGBTQ been persecuted since Trump was elected? Republicans love freedom, not persecution...
Yeah, but he's a homophobe because he's a Republican this can't be!
