his name is Block Chainiver now
Found this Cambridge Footlights photo in a pub with young John Oliver.
Does that say Dr. Harry Potter?
...or the 2nd tier, poorly updated encyclopedias that you get because the Britanicas are too expensive. 

"My Cambridge Analytica says Jimmy Carter is still president."
Lol! I remember those. 
True story: my parents had old ass out of date encyclopedias. In my 3rd grade report on Martin Luther King I pointed out that he was:

Born in Germany

Started the Lutheran religion

Then I added...and he was assassinated by James Earl Ray.

My teacher was like

And I literally went from the church forming to the assassination. Dead ass ended it with "...and he was shot by a man named James Earle Ray."
Omg!!!  if I had been your teacher I would’ve had to excuse myself to go and laugh!
I really thought they were the same person.
I can understand how that can confuse one at a young age!
Who knows??? Huh? Fight me!
@iamjohnoliver no reply???
I love John Oliver he makes me laugh almost as much as you do!
Latin lover.
Cambridge Analyrica is Obamas C*@k Holster
Sounds like legitimate political research to me.  What do you think little d__k!!!
Don’t you dare pick on the talented and gorgeous John Oliver Stephen!!!!!
Also sounds like Homoepathic medicine !
got em
You can find out a lot about it if you ask Obama and his team, they hired that bunch in 2012 to do work for them. Ask your own corrupter about it, Obama can't even wash the dirty off his hands it's so deep.
I just want to see all American actors playing the British roles.
OMG YES
Bwahahaha
Brilliant! @LastWeekTonight @JohnOliverBot @joshgondelman
....you were either shitting or showering when you thought of this
It do. It do.
Almost spit out my water at my computer screen. Thanks a lot. 
Wait, it's not?
No. Isn’t Cambridge Analytica the actor who played Sherlock Holmes?
Yes, that is Benedict Cumberbatch’s original name before he changed it for Hollywood. #science
But, but, it ain't funny 
Oh, snap.
You need to compare the March for our lives numbers to presidents inaugural numbers! Show what it looks like
‘Cambridge Analytica’ also sounds like an Ivy League hazing ritual.
But smarter  sorry @iamjohnoliver
You win the internet today!
John Oliver!
or the cause of Trumpitis
Good one !
Awesome!!
Hahahaha!
It's the research arm for the gay bunny book. Shhhh!

Posh. British. Geek.
Hostus Mostus
Stephen is awesome!!!!!
That would be Cambridge Atlantica?
Its Oliver pope from the Scandal
Birmingham Erratica
“Everything sounds better in Latin.” - Stephen Colbert
Sounds like the deep state in action!
Jealous much? Award free colbert sounds like a medical culture.


Now that's cold! You may have started a war.
Or something naughty students get up to after a few drinks
The scientific name for John Oliver is "Hostus Mostus".
#CambridgeAnalytica may be the scientific name for #EvilJohnOliver but how dare you defame  @iamjohnoliver so egregiously!?!?
You’ll beat him next year Stephen!
Oh... and, I love you Mr. Colbert

LOL
Perhaps Oliver can star in their next production of Hooker on the Roof.  
I hear The Bottle of Poison dance sequence is killer!

With less credibility.
You had NO problem when the demtwits had full access to Facebooks data.
Certainly in the run for the best tweet of the year
Or his porn name...
Never believe what you see  http://www.linkedin.com/pulse/artificial-marketing-intelligence-michal-szustak … #CambridgeAnalytica
Russian slang
Lol
@iamjohnoliver
@JARosen12
You sir are brilliant! Yes, indeed, brilliant!!

Ok, that was funny, and I know you're friends, but bc, you could almost be starting to mimic trump.
That was probably the working title for his show, before they settled on "Last Week Tonight".
That’s his Spirit Animal
Fortunately John doesn't have a twitter account.


All I know is I’m sick of the scumald , I glad he drained the swamp and replaced it with his internal scum.
He is a complete idiot and a shame to our country total embarrassment
This is a sick burn

"RIGGED ELECTION"
nah man, benedict cumberbatch.
@StephenAtHome Melania Trump is hosting an event today on Cyber Bullying. I guess the topic is Donald Trump tweeting!!
I thought it sounded a lot like Setec Astronomy.
(If you don’t remember the movie Sneakers, this reference is perfect IMO)
That’s one of my favorite movies.

I heard #45fakepotus asked, ‘is Cambridge a hot girl’ ‘i want to meet her’.
When I first heard the name I could’ve sworn that was who made my first calculator.
I wonder if they are connected to a company named Accenture?
 lololololololol
Turns out the entire Trump campaign was all an elaborate hoax by @LastWeekTonight so they could have a couple of clips for a story on privacy rights and data mining on social media
or the cheesy ( i want it to sound latin) name of a guild in a teen mmo.
Who needs a foreign power to meddle with your Presidential elections, when you have the best spies and psychographic modeling techniques right here at home?
I thought that was John Oliver's porn name?
It is actually the clinical name for a stool softening ethical drug...Remain Funny Stephen—Northwestern Wildcat!!
Or Steve Bannon’s granddaughters name!
John isn't that smart. British accent makes him sound smart.
You know he actually went to cambridge...
Hahaha
The “anal” part gave it away.
It’s his porn name. @LastWeekTonight
Can't wait to hear him say those words, they will flow from his beautiful mouth like an angel's queef.
@iamjohnoliver
JO’s evil twin.
I always associated John Oliver with "Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols". @iamjohnoliver
Which is funny because he actually went to Cambridge...
Well spotted!
John will get you for that....lol
@iamjohnoliver 
Did you mean this to insult the integrity of John Oliver, or was it just a joke gone awry?
HO-oh! 
But only one of them recently published a book about a bunny....
That should definitely go in the intro of Last Week Tonight @LastWeekTonight
Shade!
@StephenAtHome. Your monologue almost caused me to hit 911! Popcorn in my throat! Good thing my pup is heavy and now knows the #Heimlich 
I was hoping for something more hard hitting.  Was funny tho
Wait till tomorrows revelation, where c4 will air the video of them stating and proving how they won Trumps presidency.
This is going to blow up Bigly.
Ouch! And here I thought you were friends.  Or are you just jealous he gets to say all the good words on HBO?
And "candid corruption" sounds like a name for Trump you neurotic introvert whose a fan of the occult
Who’s*

@iamjohnoliver your new name
Right?!?!?!

Actually its john olivers gay porn pseudo ym
Sounds like a medical condition... my Cambridge Analytica is flaring up again.
Yeah but University of Cambridge, not Cambridge University...a subtle but important distinction.
I kept seeing Cambridge Analytical headlines all day and until I got a chance to read the story I thought " Oh no! Another hooker and this one has video"
I think you'll find he is "Hostus Mostus".


BUT IT DOES THO
The Colbert bump to @iamjohnoliver
Sounds like the British version of the 'Cleveland Steamer'
Coffee... all over my keyboard. Thanks for the morning spit-take! LOL!
Wow.. So Fb is doomed
this is the biggest "dent" they get since get into controversy in helping Trump in US elections by modifying their algorithms and putting up pro trump campaign post to users. Investigation on going in US for trump's election campaign links with Russians too
So if they find out it is true what will happen next?? Will they remove trump or shut down fb
US senate and congress has opened inquiry against facebook owner
This is the quality of hilarious, cutting satire when you have to write your own jokes, folks!!!
I was thinking it sounded like “Ex Machina” which means we’re all f**ked (and not by Alicia Vikander, in real life)
@iamjohnoliver he's right you know
Looks like @iamjohnoliver doesn't appreciate your spot-on joke
Stephen for the win
Stephen you're making my night. Love you.
Wish it were that benign!
That's "Hostus Mostus!"
@LastWeekTonight @iamjohnoliver

This has changed my opinion of Cambridge Analytica.
Although... I am suspicious about how it ended up on my timeline...
Analytica, Cambridge Analytica
Aahh Last Week Tonight now that's a top quality show wish there were more like it. It just puts the others to shame.
#CamAnal
Bazinga!
I prefer to think of them as #BrainHarvestingMercenaries
Beautiful.
Now I'm imagining John Oliver with this description in a Road Runner cartoon.

Not for someone born in Erdington
It's hostus mostus though
A tweet without the word "Trump".  Didn't think u were capable.
I literally laughed out loud at that.  
http://theoryoflife16.blogspot.com/2018/03/theory-of-life-e71-best-quotes-by.html?spref=tw …
Or a Bond movie
That was the name he went by when he was a member of Coldplay

LOL
Ha!

I'm raising money for my daughter to be on the cheerleading squad. Click to Donate:  http://tw.gofund.me/cuymc-cheerleading&pc=tw_co_share_m&rcid=r01-15215112091-c701bd354ff84614 … via @gofundme
I'm going to watch for that on next week's Last Week Tonight intro sequence



"our main segment tonight concerns Stephen Colbert, the poorly made knockoff your grandparents bought you when you asked for John Oliver"
Only if John Oliver is a code name for Russian Spy

The name is so videogame-ish evil.

No more like George Soros.
He is Carlos Danger
CARLOS DANGER
I look forward to seeing this replace “Hostus Mostus” in the opening sequence next week.

Now @LastWeekTonight all makes sense to me. It was all a front. LOL.

That's so funny, Governor!
One day someone will dig up a fossil of a beaked human.
More droll from the writer's room!
scientific name OR....

porn name?
TIL john oliver and stephen colbert are two different people... never really noticed the names before
Can we get a comment from Carlos Danger about this?  @iamjohnoliver
#CambridgeAnalytica

sounds like an Encyclopedia.
Gathered Information..
.                                  .. for dissemination.

Naturally, a hefty fee to acquire.
"Cambridge Analytica" sounds like the scientific name for "John Oliver."
No, @iamjohnoliver, he wears glasses
I went to Cambridge Analytica near Boston U. We lost to Trump U in the NCAA's but we'll be back next year!
You sound like a scientific name for Strangers with Candy
@CBS its sad that Jimmy Fallon was forced to push an agenda because of rating,  but he is a true Artist and Comic Genius, people  Actually fall down laughing we miss Conan O. as well.
@CBS someone has to see Colbert's comedic rhetoric hurts the country.
I think the hurt comes from the president’s political rhetoric.
HA  OMG TOO FUNNY STEPHEN, I THINK JOHNWOULD TAKE IT AS A COMPLIMENT
Stephen, can we send you some free stickers?
Ouch
Your jokes are stupid ...please @CBS we can hear the laugh tracks....help the American public unite and free us after the daily grind. Hire a great comic your rating will sore!
I miss the Colbert report. That shit was hysterical. Now he just panders to the left and calls it a day. We're sick of it. Be clever. Be original. Be the Colbert we used to love

Colbert your Joy Bahar with a penis.
Just rehashing the news day after day after day after day after day......not funny we hear the laugh tracks.   You're  a one man The View.   Please @CBS we need to forget the daily grind your ratings will get bigger if you hire a Great Comic.
I prefer to refer to him as "Tea rex"
NatGeo Wild presents the Cambridge Analytica as it prepares to defecate on @realDonaldTrump
Ouch!
Cambridge Analytica sounds like a Hogwarts for cylons
It also sounds like the name of a company that builds star destroyers
Slightly better than Limey Jagoff.
@MilliganSusan @LastWeekTonight
Only work once a week then...
Beautiful!
That's what it sounds like, but what it looks like is

Benedict Arnold anyone?
Is that his porn name?
