Longtime listener, first time caller. If this could somehow reach @StephenAtHome I would be forever grateful. 
This is why....

Biggest sin in cinema--making a love connection between a dwarf and an elf. "The Hobbit" should be recut to be just what's in the books. It's an opinion.
Dad’s always right. 
They are a Uber for wizards.
Truthiness?
The eagles totally would have failed for the reasons listed. Important note - not lazy screen writing as they were books before, and if anything Tolkien has the opposite problem of laziness. 

Yes I’m aware that I’m taking a joke too literally but dammit gotta stand for something
Came here to say that. It is lazy writing (I agree he produces a lot of text, but still), and Tolkien was not a very good writer. Sorry, Mr. Colbert. The only joy in reading Lord of the Rings is imagining how someone less clumsy would have told the story.
If you think he’s a lazy writer, you’ve missed the point of his writing in my opinion. It’s the difference between seeing a walk through the woods as being an experience in nature or as a way to get from point A to B. Tolkien is the former.
Like I said: It's not that he is too long-winded, though he is, er, a bit chatty. I have no problem with Dickens (even chattier) or Wilde (flowery); I have a problem with Tolkien because he is a *dry* writer. He's like a walk through a desert, not the woods.
We'll have to agree to disagree ;)
You’re my spirt animal and you make me proud to be from South Carolina.
this is content stolen from @floozyesq and i know she's sad to see that happen, but you could make it up to her by going on her podcast, @Mic_Dicta

Stephen pLease
Stephen go on @Mic_Dicta
stephen please go on mic dicta my wife is dying
“Her podcast”??? I read this line to crown @floozyesq sole host of @Mic_Dicta; glory to our new ruler!
this is content stolen from @floozyesq and i know she's sad to see that happen, but you could make it up to her by going on her podcast, @Mic_Dicta https://twitter.com/floozyesq/status/979133481698643973 …
well, after helldude went rogue...
anyone who fav'd ames' tweet is off the podcast
Can't wait for Mic Dicta 12 to drop, featuring Charles, Adam, Rhiannon, Mark, and half an hour of dead air where Ames used to be
Hilarious!
Best version
It’s also not a plot hole, just something the hobbits didn’t think to do, or didn’t for reasons not explained. A plot hole creates a paradox in the story. I feel like I’ve had to explain this a lot in 2018.
The reason is that the Eagles don’t give a shit about whatever Gandalf and some Hobbits are doing and also, the Nazgul would just attack the Eagles in the air.
That’s hilarious! I forgot about that show!
@OsoBennyBoo
Glad this was put into a picture. The amount of dingus' I've had to tell this to.
@dnthman34 you vibin’ with this^?
Wow!
@maxhannah817
@Omar_Asfour
"Fly you fools" was a coded message that wasn't understood.
This is often misunderstood 
What he really said while looking up from that low position was “Zip your fly, you fools!”
Check out my new company 
Red Spear Productions
Would the King of the Eagles have been able to withstand the test of the Ring or would the Hobbits have had to bow down before their evil Eagle Overlords pooping down on them from on high?
“Not a taxi service for hobbits”....that is, until the end
This meme is wild, o my God.
But @StephenAtHome I would’ve thought an expert like yourself would have noted that the eye of Sauron was not a literal eye, but rather a moniker to describe Saurons ability to know things based on his extensive network of spies (i.e. the southron man in the prancing pony) 1/
I guess you’re not an expert after all. We have let folly be our cloak.
Thank you and thank you meme guy
Sorry I called @Foot_Pounds “meme guy.” Work & thought was put into that and it was well done. 
“I AM NO MAN!!…” (thanks Eowyn, bye-bye Nazgul...).
Lmaooooo Stephen
Pretty sure that’s funny. Not 100%, but it seems plausibly hilarious. #Parody
James Spader... So glad I stayed up to night! Love the Black List!
meh
Please credit @floozyesq  in a reply, Stephen, you should know how gross and unfair joke theft is as a comic. Give the good lady her due.
Pretty sure I’ve had this conversation about hundred times
Wow. Just saw your opening. Why do you hate our President so much? Or do you hate our country and constitution?
....precious.
So excited for The Fall of Gondolin. Sure hope no-one goes on and does the betraying thing this time...
You all have it wrong, Gandalf's first plan was to fly the eagles into mordor. When he fought the balrog his last words were “fly you fools.” The eagles prefer not to fly over the lands of man bc they're afraid of being shot down, once they got close to mordor they could fly in.
Is he like the dude from Homeland ?
I don't even watch Harry Potter, why is everyone so mad? :)
Really? Why didn't they at least fly them to the edge of Mordor? #lazybirds
@runnerblf
Why is this mustache all over Twitter lately, is this show about motorcycles still a thing?

Oh, for goodness sakes, our reluctant heroes couldn't have persevered any other way!
Gandalf obviously respected the King of the Eagles too much to ask that. It be like asking an old friend to drive you to the airport vs driving you from PhillyNY during a World War.
?????
Wrong! The Eye was really old by that time. Odds are it had some sort of age-related myopia. What is never discussed in the books nor shown in the movies is the giant monocle it needed to see long distances. 
And you call yourself a Tolkien fan.
Geez.
That dilweed stole the meme and passed it off as his own.
And, yet, I don't care!
they could of flown them below the radar 
I saw one of these memes last week but about EwoksYou just remind me!
wait which one is the true one
@floozyesq made this meme.
If Frodo got knocked off an eagle by a dragon-riding Wraith, game over.
It's ridiculous for people to think Tolkien, a war veteran, hadn't considered this.
What an idiot, he deserved that chair being thrown at him.
Ghost pirates though?

@Foot_Pounds but they are really short
No. We all know the eagles would beat the Nazgûl in any battle. At the very least, several would distract while the others destroyed the ring.  @pablo_abad
Perfection.

#thankful4Jupiter
Meh

Those outside The Fellowship are so naive. Smh
Listen man I could fly an eagle to The Mountain of Late Show and you would probably bite my finger off before I could drop even two cents on your...comedy writing staff?...like a wizard's staff...I am the clear wizard the one who moves into the water
THEY ALSO COULDN'T BEAR THE BURDEN OF THE RING
@StephenAtHome can we be rid of this issue...once and for all?
The Lake-Town Spy has spoken
<3
I love you!  #canadiannerd
And I clicked this. Smh.
@bsanti7
Damn right

Filthy Rich Colbert
And any possibility of secrecy would have been lost.
Only dude forgot it wasn’t originally a screenplay, but a book
I want to believe that's what they were actually arguing about.
Which guy in the meme are you agreeing with, Stephen?
I'm dreaming! Diola lle!
You can always properly attribute the content you are passing off as your own to the actual creator using the @ function, dingus.
I heart you @StephenAtHome
Turning off notifications.
you're such a dork i love you
Finally, a true Tolkien scholar has logged on
Weren't the eagles actually a race of angels (sort of) akin to Gandalf? Couldn't they have taken on the Riders easily?
False
Which side of the argument do you agree with?
Fly you fools
LMFAO!!
Hey Steve,

I sent you a couple of stamp collections. Did you get a chance to use them as instructed?

Thanks,

Sincerely, Max
You're a joke
@realDonaldTrump
Ah, I see now.
Care to explain in an overly detailed manner?
