Jared has gone Uber quiet, Where in the world is Jared Kushner?
And Ivanka too... lots of them laying low these days.
Washington Post... Definitely a reliable source to read anything from
Get used to TRUMP...for another 7 years. ...hahahhahahahaaha
yeah not likely i’ll just get use to facepalming every time i read or hear a stupid trump supporter but i do have a question for you dumbo do you like trump less or more knowing he wants to bang his daughter
Let up Colbert.. you're not funny...
Oh Stephen, where will your shows rating be when all are proven innocent? I guess back in the gutter where they were pre Trump. But hey, look at the bright side, you have until 2024 before that happens 
I never cease to be amazed by the level of your ignorance, and how unhumorous you are. Keep setting that bar lower....you are the cheerleader for the dull and the dense.
he's a 1,0,1...
Are the numbers here just a binary system of present or not?  Could you share the source perhaps?
i used this as a basis.  there are other binary color codes too.
just shut up you are BORING

Because, he’s guilty.



He also said he is smart.
You're guilty about not being funny, more like Bozo the clown!.
Stop talking about politics because you're showing just how little you know, insulting Trump doesn't show knowledge. Also, your treatment of Kanye West just show's that you're one of the democratic slave masters. Democratic fascists like you are r a danger 2 the free world.

@realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods @FoxNews @WomenforTrump @TomiLahren @seanhannity  @cnni @NBCNews @HuffPost

How'd you feel if you were being falsely attacked? You'd have a nervous breakdown bcs you're weak-minded. There was no collusion, so Mueller dug for dirt elsewhere, still wasting millions of tax $$'s! You're an irresponsible person, contributing to the toxicity in our society!

Guilty of being awesome? The clip James Woods posted had me laughing. Does that Hollywood bubble feel like it is getting smaller and not as cool?
Because they are late night partisan hacks. At least @jimmyfallon is much better.
You're on the losing team Stevie boy... And you haven't been funny since the Daily Show
The FBI isn’t investigating @StephenAtHome
According to Mueller and Rosenstein, they're not investigating Trump either. Keep up with the news before you talk shit
Didn’t say they were investigating Trump. But they are investigating his associates, i.e. Manafort, Flynn, Papadopolous, Gates, etc. Sure sounds like Trump is on the losing team. But please point out where I’m wrong, if you can.
Thanks to the Greatest PRESIDENT this country has ever known.

Maybe he's just trying to tell himself that he is innocent, say it enough times, he'll believe it.
Bwahahahaha, the power of affirmation.  That's not how it works.  That's not how any of this works!!
Strong coffee in the morning, Late show at night. Addict.
Colburp you are a real !! You compare what Cosby DID, drugging women and taking advantage of them to unproven accusations against the president. I guess everybody's guilty until proven innocent!   PS  your show sucks!!
You’re a FOOL.

he looks like Kelly Con
All TRUMP Associates share the same DNA.

used car salesman
Lololol...That, too!
What happens in the dark will come to the light,you can't hid from God.
St.Luke 8:17
Our justice system can convict murderers in less time than this witch Hunt crap.. so investigate for infinity?? Spend???? Fools.
Guilty of what????????? Not being as relentlessly stupid as you collusion mongers are! 1 1\2 years still no evidence????????
Because,  he's guilty!!!

All of your resources. All of your efforts for a year and a half and NOTHING. The left are losing this battle and are looking pathetic in the process.
"sounding guilty" is completely subjective and would never hold up in a court and you should know that, Stephen.  Shame on you for teaching young minds who follow you (can't imagine why) to judge by appearance.  Your liberal world is crumbling.

Pull your head out of @HillaryClinton ass. She is the one that is guilty.



I remember a time when you had a full portfolio of funny material before you became a liberal sheep.
Sometimes the most apparent answer is the correct one.
Guilty of what? No one has found shit on Trump and you know it. Keep crying all you want, you know its bullshit and will NEVER get him impeached because there is nothing there. This shit has dragged on over a year, wasting taxpayer money to come up with NOTHING! #FireMueller
U got proof?
I couldn’t get thru this without you! I love you, Stephen!!
And why he is looking for new lawyers!!lol
#amen!
I disagree with the interrogative. You need to be affirmative. He is guilty!
Guilty of winning over & over again!  #MAGA

Amen
mobsters take the fifth!
He’s guilty of beating the pantsuit off of Hillary Clinton. Now that’s funny. HAHAHAHA!
له
"I'm pleading the Fifth", says Mike Cohen
As he can see where this may be goin'.
His places, the Feds did raid
All because of hush money he may have paid
Up a Stormy creek without a paddle, he could be rowin'.
Unless the canoe flips and he swims away from the ho ho ho'in.
The Trump doth protest too much.
Stephen Colbert=piece of 
He doth protest too much!
Why does he use words like flip if he isn't guilty and rigging if he didn't rig election and fake. He's not very sophisticated.
Very guilty 
Because you're deranged?
If he sound guilty and has a guilty behavior......He is guilty!!!
@washingtoeva0ý%ddw93npost
Because you are an unfunny celebritard.

Guilty of being right ALL THE TIME!

 "Future PROVES past" 
Q

When he heard, saw, and knew a lot, but denied it...
hey, if it look like s* and it smell like s* then
Methinks he doth protest too much!

It’s not @realDonaldTrump who is guilty ... he clean the swamps 
No kidding
The nominee to lead the V.A. Dept.was dubbed "The Candy Man".
Who can pass out pills
Without writing a script?
Drive a government car
While totally ripped?
Yet still be chosen to lead the V.A.
By a prez who doesn't give a flip?
 Ronny can
 Percoset? Just hold out your hand!


Quack quack
Hi tell your wife to take off that stupid hat, she looks like Zapata.
I love trump, he came to destroy the GOP, nice boy.
If only everyone would see it! #impotentdrumpf
But Rick Santorum says that forest trump hires "outstanding people".
I know! I know!

is that his "OUCH i got my peepee in a door face""OOOOOOOOPPPPPPPPPPP I DID it again"
Mmm, maybe.

I think the only person Flipping is Trump Flipping out 
Thanks, Capt’n Obvious.
Money laundry corruption .
What’s the best way to sound totally guilty?  Stating your innocence over and over and over and over again.
Donald Trump lied to Forbes Magazine. They didn't do their job by checking any records to verify who he was or what collateral he possessed. Donald lied to his employees, took their money and tossed them under the boardwalk. White collar theft. Yup, Donald is guilty.
colbert you're not even on par with a bird brain

Media again pushing he's guilty. Seriously someone give me evidence of anything illegal he's done.
Because you hate!
Liberal MSM ... just keeps throwing up garbage 24/7.  You know...at some point...America will just let you know enough is enough.
Listen if a person knows that they have done nothing wrong then they would welcome a investigation to clear their name. Trump is guilty as hell and who knows for what and how much. That bastard lies daily and has lived his whole life based on lies and bankruptcy and hooker sex
I was half expecting that tweet to end with Stephen's (almost trademark) Allegedly! <waves hands> Allegedly!
When you’re entitled like he and his children are, they do not see that anything they do is wrong. It does not cross their minds. They will be shocked and appalled and play dumb when they stand before a Judge and all get pardoned. No one is accountable. Next.
Lol

Second that! He is Guiltyyyyy
He is guilty or the most insecure man on earth- either way an EDP
I honestly think photo editors may hate him more than I do. He always looks awful.
He is in ass
Liar, liar, pants on fire
You are such a joke, it’s not even funny, you sellout. Give me one god damn piece of evidence? I’m waiting, and have been for over a year. You are a disgrace, and should be ashamed of yourself.

Seems to us you can’t flip on someone if they are innocent  wonder why trump is so nervous?
His skin in this photo looks like friend bologna. Which makes a good sandwich, btw.
Because he is.
Dream on libs.
I mean, I’m no rocket surgeon, but.....
None of my business
This your daily trump update: it’s been 3 days since the Waffle House shooting and trump has still not said a word about James Shaw Jr.
The Bard said: methinks he doth protest too much.
Trump certainly doesn't act like an innocent man.
If his lips are moving, he's lying.
He is so guilty. A 2 year old could see it
Joselico gracias 

love it

Yeah, he's guilty.  Or he's incredibly good at acting guilty.  
Except for the lack of proof.  More Psychic fake news from the left. Just keep on obstructing the silent majority of Americans who actually know the truth. Sure miss the funny Colbert!
He figures if he says it ofter enough everyone will believe him and it will come true.
The wicked flee when no man pursueth, they sayeth
@realDonaldTrump just because you say it a lot doesn't make it true.
Of what?
Never funny snowflake
Stephen that’s not fair. Don’t you remember that time you were so afraid of your friend ratting you out for that thing you didn’t do that you had to call him a liar ahead of time?
/agree
Shut up Steven, what has trump done to ruin this country
He's the GD president!!! President's don't lie!!! 
Oh wait... we're talking about "The Donald" ....nevermind!
Aw come on ppl...  let's give Trumpski a break with all these legal woes already, and let him do what he was born to do, run this great country -- into the ground!
The loudest claims of innocence are often from the guilty.
Worry you’re drinking 2 much. No one wakes up and thinks today I’ll become an alcoholic. It sneaks up on you. Please be careful.
Methinks he doth protest too much.
Innocent until proven guilty.

If you say it 1,001 times it makes it true, right? "No collusion"?

allegedly...


Because he is.....
Wondering why the House and Senate can see that the Emperor has NO CLOTHES!!

Innocent as the day he was born.

I'm fairly certain he actually believes that if he says "no collusion" enough times it'll become true
But then he can avoid jail by pleading insane... 
#verystablegenius
#verystableliar
I think he doth protest too much.
Because he is a traitor.  The guillotine should be the only reward for Putin's puppet!
Really, headline writers, you can do better than this.
Short-fingered vulgarians DK discretion. Loud, attention-seeking fantasists as @realDonaldTrump & his admiration for similar inadequate men as Rocket Boy or #Pinoy murderer Duterte (who rued inability to be 1st rapist of murdered missionary w/ Hollywood quality looks) are his kin
Guilty of what..?? 18 months and waiting..When will your show hire writers.??.Same thing over and over and over and over..At least Johhny Carson is still on..Your show is pathetic .
Trump’s incoming NSA Mike Flynn gave secret assurances to Russia after Obama sanctioned them.

We found out. Trump’s reaction was to ask the FBI director to stop investigating Flynn. 

Try to explain that in a way that makes Trump look innocent.
The jails are fill with innocent  people ask anyone in prison
You lost! Get a grip! Shit up and go home!!!
Exactly! His termination cannot come too soon.
Liar and crook....America continues to suffer while he plays golf and dodges the truth daily
And, stephen, you are positive of his guilt, why? Because all you are is an entertainer? Is that why Stevie boy?
Yerp.
You wish.
