Hopefully he'll hire me. He has done great things for our country. So glad he cares about America, unlike the guy before him.
Me too. I can't wait.
If Trump is right that will not happen soon. Since everybody wants to work in the Whitehouse and get a piece of the Oval Office.

YES!!
Let’s hope that’s sooner rather than later!
Everyone’s got to leave the White House sometime. Thank God!
I see you’re still sucking Hollywood’s dick for money, well done CSucker....

Why don’t you hold your breath. Reduce the liberal insanity
Ha ha ha ha ha ha. You’re SO funny
Get treatment soon.
I hope your fired first! Maybe then there will be something to watch on late night TV!
Even as a European I agree
ditto!
I am waiting for @FLOTUS to fire @realDonaldTrump.  Hopefully in a tweet.
That would be awesome!
That would be awesome 
Big Lol!! Cheers.
Nothing wrong with trump taking out the trash.
You need to be fired.
His Walter Mitty-like mind believes he is a victim who overcomes all odds. He thinks he's Rocky.

He's actually Ivan Drago.
Colbert is having illegal immigrant day. NO CHARGE FOR ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS TO COME TO HIS SHOW THROUGH MARCH. Please come:)
Praying for that!
Hopefully soon
Excellence and growth requires upping the talent around you. President Trump knows how to do that, while Stephen C. is a one trick pony now.
Thats a joke right?
Shill -
Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
Only problem, by then it may be too late. #worried
If Trump had nothing to hide wouldn't you think he would want the investigation to prove it?
lmao

Should start taking those meds your buddy Keith Olbermann's on(not a peep about Trump). Oh that's right you would no longer have anything going for you.
Your still not funny ? You need a few new writers! Just saw your ratings. Then I lifted the handle . And put down the seat , Woooooosh bye bye Stevie .
True story! Absolutely loved your interview with @OMAROSA. You really helped her open up about some tough topics. I'm not a fan of anything to do with the current administration, so I was amazed to see that brutal honesty. Well Done! @DonaldGloverrr was pretty awesome too! 
My money is on Barron or Tiffany to be fired next.  Not bringing in the bucks and leaching off the family teat and name.
From your lips/tweet to Goddess' ears!
Why wait? I'm certain we have enough volunteers who would do it for him ... immediately in fact. You busy right now?
Geez... with all these firings you would think someone would want revenge and tell Mueller all he needs to know.
#NoCollusion
#LiberalIdiots
I absolutely love you Stephen Colbert!!
Well Putin's already got enough info out of him, maybe he'll tell him to.
Won't happen. He loves him some donald trump.
Let’s all go to trump’s twitter site and type “You’re Fired” every hour of every day
Read it!? LoL #VoteBlue
In these times thank goodness you are here to make me laugh.still.

Holding your breath #ihope
Ha ha ha gosh that's funny....
Trump looking at himself saying "you're fired"
I hope both happen
Stephen... imagine a scenario where Trump ran against Trump.  A treasure trove of material to draw on!
And maybe the only people left to hire are actually qualified for their jobs?
Sooo true. That man burns bridges faster than the WWII Hiroshima. Which, is another US tragedy
I think that may be the point though. When it’s just him the position will be perfect.
Wouldn’t that be fabulous
#Demonrats
#LateNightLosers
Just watched your interview with David Byrne (am in Australia) and that sublime performance of Everybody’s Coming To My House.  Man you have so made it Stephen, you have so made it.
Don't have to wait too much longer! His removal is coming soon, but it's a surprise!
You know something?
Yeah! I know Trump's son-in-law's  real identity! Trump has to get out of the way so he can rule everyone!
He did, however, fire David Dennison for killing his homeland security, with the Mrs.
Don't hold your breath.
That all you got?
He could just give me a call.  I would be more than happy to put him out of his misery.
What about @KellyannePolls  and @StephenMillerAL ? 
Is he going to leave them behind ?
Now wouldn't that really be funny?  He sure does like to fire people. I have never seen so many people leaving the White House from being fired in my whole life. If that could come true Bill Maher would be sooo happy.Don't Hold Your Breath.
It would be funny if that’s what he was trying to do all along
I can only imagine what sort of gag order he gave Stormy but I’ve got a pretty good idea.
I’m afraid that’s one firing that’s up to us. #NoYoureFired2020
What is the sound of 700 million hands clapping?
Santa, if you're listening - please grant his wish.
He’s doing what needs to be done. It’s easy for the left wing stars to criticize from the cheap seats.
Your president has no idea take a leaf from us aussies no school shooting that man loves the guns 
Hilarious!!
"I'm FIRED!"
Ps,  Bob Ross died of Lymphoma.
Whatever he does to make himself mad will still somehow be Hilary's fault to him though.
Can we get that process sped up a tad?
I wonder if he’ll announce it via Twitter

ME TOO!!!!! Dear God ME TOOO!!!!!
"Couldn't put up with any more of Trump's shit", says Trump. Barricades self in Oval office Bathroom with Bucket of KFC
Can't happen soon enough for Democracy
I’d say we’re well on our way.
I don't think the country will survive that long.
Narcissists don’t have that option
@realDonaldTrump Good Luck  #moron #MoronInChief #Dotard
If only...
It can't come soon enough!
If only. Wish it was my birthday so I could make this wish and blow out the candle.
You wish. Loser.
That day cannot come soon enough.
Wish someone would fire you ya left wing loon bird
I want him to be fired by the Republic of The United States.

Uncle Steve will go down for some form sexual assault before trump gets fired.
From your lips...

I think Melania might fire him first
This may be the only way for Dems to have a chance in 2020
We can only hope
From your mouth to God’s eats #humptytrumptyfallsoffthewall
Fingers crossed! Breath holding.
It's like watching a girl dump her suarve black bf for some jersey stereotype, everything becomes substandard.
Then its at that point he becomes hitler.
Becoming a Master of the Game requires Elimination! You must have only played with girls when you were growing up?
Yep! Pretty soon Trump is going to be in the White House by himself. Wouldn’t that be a hoot! Maybe the rest of the WH staff could stage a “walk out” themselves and see if that could really shake things up! Trump is such a tool. And a dull one at that!
Please, God, please God, please God, please God! I won't even ask that Cubs win it again in my lifetime! (Ok, I'm originally from Boston.  Sue me.)
#ThingsIWishFor
That won't happen if he only has ppl around him who agree with his BS
The Greats are always Hated
Lol agree.
Shouldn’t be long now
Secreting bigga burgers?..i hope
HA!!  

And you know that he's crazy enough to do just that!  
Your Fired!!
He does talk about himself in the 3rd person!
He'll fire himself with a Tweet to #DavidDennison
Hopefully...

FAITH... HOPE... AND LOVE...

Then the question is, will he fire himself via Tweet?
U should be grateful for POTUS because if he was not elected u would have been out of a job.
Amen, Mr. Colbert.
Hopefully for the good of USA... we here in Canada hope it's soon. Please don't send him here, we're not THAT nice lol.
I wait with baited breathe!!!!
#unemploymentstwhitehouseremainshigh
Will you start telling jokes about Hillary’s trip to India, jerk?

Sad but True #ImpeachTrump
high five
Me too!
Makes making disappear a lot easier for Congress & Pence. He before the moment he goes off in poof of reddish blonde smoke, can you have home fire Pence and Ryan.
I hope he does that "sweeping up the spotlight" trick!
Fire himself preferably out of a cannon towards North Korea maybe?!

We should be so lucky.
Would the last person to leave the White House please turn out the lights. Thank you.
The real question is . . . would he do it by tweet?  Maybe send it from @realDonaldTrump to @POTUS  . . . "Effective immediately, Donald Trump's presidency is terminated. @VP may now pick out his curtains."
If he says "you're fired" three times to himself in the mirror, does Obama & Hillary turn up and send him literally to the depths of hell?

We should be so lucky...
I believe that's called a dictatorship.
#AGirlCanDream
Let's hope so
I cannot wait!
Then he’ll just declare himself American Idol Survivor
Sure and then tell us when you wake up from your dream!
There is really something really off about trump.js
Can he not forget to fire Pence before himself?



I see the new concept for The Apprentice. They are all in the boardroom waiting for a text from Trump.
Even Donald can’t get along with Donald
April 1st?
But only trump can save us!
The man who demands loyalty from all, yet gives it to none, save himself.

He should be the rocket and launch it wherever he will land.
And then there was one.
Similar to Hitler in the bunker
You should thank him for having a career.

I am sure whoever trump hires to handle his bankruptcy papers is very dear to him and still does that job
Indeed.
He would have to make sure that there are no mirrors around. He seems to not be able to face anyone he fires.
You are such a poor excuse for a Christian.
I pray it happens real soon! 
Nope, That's Not It ....

One can hope


i'm fired...no i quit....
May it be soon
Ya think he'll do that by tweet as well?
That one is good!
Wishful thinking snowflake. He’s in through 2024.
Mueller raids whitehouse- finds it empty- with a For Sale sign out front. In Russian.
Yes yes yes yes!
I’m on the edge of my seat waiting in wishing!!
I’m wondering if that’s his ultimate plan because then he would be the only one making decisions = dictator
Doesn't he know that if he just resigns, all pressure will be off and he can just enjoy his golf games in peace?
You have read my mind.
Be careful what you wish for. Pence is next. 
That's what all that practicing of "you're fired" in the mirror is for.  I wonder what that conversation would soundll like?  "you're never at work, your turnover is carnival level huge. No one likes you. Your wife won't hold your hand in public. You're an embarrassment."
What do you call a self tweet?
And a mirror
Trump’s dumb behavior and your trite comments go hand in hand. You can do better than that!
That will be when he declares himself Emporor and declare America an Empire. Putin, who he fears the most, will don black armor and be named Darth Trumpsmybitch. 

Sorry @HamillHimself retweeted this and this came to me. Think they'll need you to destroy a 3rd Death Star? lol
Can he fire himself into the sun, or would his ego not fit?
He should Fire you..
He would most likely proclaim himself King or President forever at that point.
Will he text himself ?
And when that happens, I will take the day off to celebrate!!!!
& u know that'll never happen
I hope he fires himself via Twitter and then reacts angrily to it. Actually how sad would that be.
@isaacslcreese
It would be a toss up. Everyone except Ivanka will go so..... hard one to call
Hope he’s fired with a tweet from Mueller!
