So Hillary Cinton was is linked to MILLIONS in donations from the same org backing the deal that gives uranium to Russia... no raid. Coddled with kid gloves in fact.

But this porn star sex from 10 years ago for $130,000... Throw down the gauntlet!
Oh Im sorry. That was happening WHILE Hillary was SOS. Not to mention reckless, mishandling of classified material (illegal) I was under the impression if you broke the law, you should be held accountable. Losing an election does not give her a pardon
Umm. This is an on-going investigation. This article is from Jan 5, 2018
True, but why not? The Obama administration politicized and weaponized the Justice Department, FBI and IRS against political opponents.
At some point in the future it's gonna be fun watching a Dem president / Secretary get his/her lawyer's house & office raided. 
Wow. Constitution much?
Maybe just a bot. They have clearly some limitations. :-P
*douche.
It is ok to be stupid. Many Trumplethinskins are.
I guess I’m confused as to why suppressing the tape would be illegal in the eyes of the FBI? If he tried to minimize damage from the tape, why is the FBI involved?
$ paid that directly benefited the campaign...that was not disclosed. You’d think Drumpf ‘the billionaire’s’ personal lawyer know that...and fix it before they broke the law. Cohn doesn’t appear to be a good lawyer...or “fixer”.
You used to be funny and fun to watch. No more.
Bye bye
While conducting the search of Cohen’s premises, how nice it would be if they happened to come across trump’s missing taxes.  David Corn would be so happy.
Hah, funny, I'm sure they have something good on him. Anything to get rid of trump sooner rather than later!
Moved on him like a bitch

Drumpf’s personal “fixer”....let’s see if he throws him under the bus.
Should have raided Hillary's lawyer. Only right!
You can do anything, you can be the president! https://youtu.be/3r15Lj25kgs  #lockerroomtalk #dolltits
@TylerTeeP why does the pic look like you in the future 
You guys realize that if this is what they are going after at this point, there is a 0% chance that they have a goddamned thing related to the election/Russia against POTUS, right? You get that?
Its factual, but I know the left doesn't deal in those much these days. And not only is he not going anywhere, he'll take 2020 at this rate. Sorry, kid.
I feel like he looks like fonzi? fonzarelli?
Stephen .... We're talking about Mafia types here ....
Somehow, "warrant" is VERY out of place.
I love you.
Possibly...some kind of... New rules...of some nature or another...? ;P
When a show sucks it's The Late Show.

1.7BILLION 2 IRAN 500MILLION URANIUM 2IRAN AND RUSSIA! TREASON 2 AMERICA OBAMA AND CLINTON.33,000 EMAILS 3000 CLASSIFIED 100 TOPSECRET DEFYS A CONGRESSIONAL SUBPEONA SMATCHED BLEACH BUT 33,000 CRIMINAL COUNTS OF EVEDENCE. F.B.I COVER UP OSAMAS BUDDIES. THAT DESERVES A RAID!
Bot
OMG!
Love you Mr Colbert!
LOL
LOVE IT!  Grab 'em by the DVD!
Hahahahaha!!! Looking for a Access Hollywood tape???? Idiots....
hysterical!!! luved the 60 minutes joke bro!!!  bro???
Hey Stevie, what does this have to do with Russian collusion? Oh, nothing.
It was not a “break in.” But it appears that @realDonaldTrump may be having a “break down.”
He's been breaking down from day one....
With all of the lawyers Trump has dealt with over the decades, and crime shows he's watched, you'd think he'd understand that a warrant isn't "breaking in" and "stealing". Strong with this one deflection is.
Oh but trump lies! And says whatever gets him attention...
He does


Me stealing this  meme.

Can we stop calling her a porn star now?
Patriot.
Michael Cohen is the Carter Page of Alan Dershowitzes
Wow! 
Oh that's fantastic.
This is one of your best jokes!  Love it.
Forget porn stars... This seems like salacious read. This is real btw
While some catch their hair on fire that Nunes might impeach Wray and Rosenstien for NOT doing their jobs...

Others cheer for Trumps impeachment because he's actually DOING HIS JOB ;)
FBI moved on Cohen like a bitch.
He look like he's going to throw up!
I love Stephen Colbert, there I said it.
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/934890030987751424?s=21 …
Yeah, this is so close to Russian collusion isn't it? Can you be anymore stupid than you already are. You know nothing of politics but use it to bolster your show when your ratings were bad. Without Trump you would be in the unemployment line.
Grab ‘em by the paperwork
Can u help us find Trump Bastard Child livin somewhere in NY...look 4 a kid who likes KFC, has bad hair & wears a long red tie ...National Enquirer paid Trump's ex-doorman $30K for tip it never ran https://dailym.ai/2IMghmR  via @MailOnline
You just walk up and grab them by the probative evidence.
I see what you did there. 
YES! No one is above the law.
Hahaha! You win Tweet of the Day, @StephenAtHome
Still didn't find anything meaningful....waste of time and resources. The lefts ongoing temper tantrum over trump is very entertaining though.
I see what you did there 

Nailed it!
Grab ‘em by the NDA.
You can grab 'em by the privilege
As they should. Lol.
Grab him by the pee tape.
Colbert's an idiot, and the US is without doubt one nefarious co#k-sucker of a nation.....forever overthrowing regimes by using Islamic fanatics, and causing untold amount of anarchy, and all for the "noble" idea of making more money.
Grab em right by their hotel room in the city they also live in
Ask your brothers why this is a problem.

He doesn’t like it when he’s grabbed by the subpoena
damaging information? ha give it a rest you pathetic Trump hating clown.
You're a sick Trump hating turd that realized the only way to remain on air was to kiss the asses of Liberals and sling hate at POTUS. Enjoy the next 6 1/2 years under President Trump.

This has to stop. It is getting ridiculous.

If you actually cared anything at all about the nation, you wouldn't be making jokes about Stalinesque "show me the man and I'll show you the crime" fishing expeditions.  I don't care which side of the aisle you're on, this is stupendously bad.
Is it okay to raid a lawyer's office? I guess if there's a warrant then a judge thought it was legal. Like, a federal one. Bit it still FEELS ookie. Of course, that's why they had a lawyer do this stuff. .
BEST comment EVER:)


I can't like this enough !
Grab ‘me buy the posse.
Now I see Trump and he has big phony t*ts and everything...
There is a way out for Cohen - become Howard Wakefield!
the degree to which this entire group of people does not understand how to dress themselves is itself horrifying and worthy of national outrage @realDonaldTrump @MichaelCohen212 @mike_pence @DonaldJTrumpJr @RealAlexJones @seanhannity @MELANIATRUMP @SecondLady
I believe the Nazis had their papers in order as well.  How did that work out?
God I hope they asked for THAT Russian tape!
Four minutes going on about a 30 second Panda clip, at the end of the show.... 

That’s what you are relegated too, and your sheep sit thru.

A useless moron, leading the useless morons.  #Colbert



Stephen Colbert is on FIRE tonight!  LMAO!
No Stephen you just need schooling in civics heres a hint, why dont you go and read the 4th ,5th and 6th amendments and see what you learn if you can.
Well played, sir.

Grab em by the affidavit!
And did they kick down the door as per DJT?  I saw that they were respectful ... what’s up with this?
If you honestly believe that I feel sorry for you
You can grab him by the wussy!
Touché
Anyone have a tic tac?
I love you.
The FBI moved on him like a bitch. Hahahaha good stuff right there.
...walk right up & grab them by the evidence.
#MAGA - My Attorneys Got Attorneys
Excellent!
@StephenAtHome I love you.

Haha I see what he did there...
The next Andy Dufresne.
And they raid you like a bitch!
Yeah you can grab them by the warrant
So if they find incriminating evidence what are the odds Trump’s personal lawyer deliberately kept it knowing full he’d be raided one day .....   you can figure out the rest right?
When I see criminal I’m just automatically attracted. I just start raiding. I don’t even wait.
Henry Winkler is going down
The only words coming out of your mouth is fakes news fake,
Look in the mirror closely be cautious it could break,

To see the real you and what you hide,
All your life living all the wrongs it's you who lied,
Dishonest without a doubt time to take another route,
A lot to think about in every way throughout,

Is it to late,
Try to set the record straight,

Courageous telling the truth  or hide behind the untruth coward,
Dishonesty overpowered,
Take Heed 

Living a lie,
Best of the best till taking your last breath change before you die,

It’s your lie and you can say it anyway you want,
Parade display with flashy flaunt,


Lol
Grab'em by the email-y...if your a Ken Star you get to do what you want ...
I declare this to be the best tweet, nay, the best commentary, of all time. The internet is finished.
Deep Throat, which had nothing to do with porn, brought down Nixon. And now a porn star and Billy Bush are poised to bring down Trump. There's a joke here somewhere... but it's not very funny.
Rumor has it Trump is firing Mueller Friday...

Good one!
Anything you want.
You can do anything.......grab them by subpoena!
This may be the tweet of the year.

Grab em by the lawyer.
When you have a warrant, I guess you’re gonna come in
Haha dying!
Like a fraudulently obtained FISA warrant that let govt spy on Americans Yeah, they also got away with that nonsense.


Can you imagine what a coup it would be for Bannon if he offers Trump such bad advice it leads to impeachment! Bannon could brag that it was his plan. Revenge is sweet?
@POTUS @WhiteHouse @IvankaTrump @AynRandPaulRyan @VicenteFoxQue GO MUELLER GO FOLLOW THE MONEY
You don't even ask. You just grab 'em by the phone records.
Brilliant.
You and your team are one of the few things that make this Administration bearable!
Mr. Colbert we have admired your intellect and comedy for years!! Would you please show a photo of both Cohen and Nunes side by side? They seem to look very similar in a “prairie -dog -pop -out -of -the -hole” way?
I love you, Stephen


It's not easy being an asshat's lawyer.
A warrant is EXACTLY what you should do in every situation: ASK FOR PERMISSION. #grabThemByTheWarrant
You should invite Diamond & Silk on your show.
aHA! (No offense meant to Danny DeVito)
It’s a disgrace if you try not to think about the justice side of things.
Omg. Very good.
Scared stuff our govt is doing
Touche, my good man!
Grab ‘em by the Covfefe
#lawtwitter #MichaelCohen #Zuckerberg #actress #realestate #actor #porn
So good!

Surprised you didn’t use the Grateful Dead line, “If you got a warrant, I guess you’re gonna come in...”
Let’s see how you would like it. We all have skeletons in our closets Liberals more than others. Never tell your lawyer or priest or anyone else from now on
Funny but no.
When you have a warrant, they let you do it. You can do http://everything.You  can grab their http://footsie.You  can grab their legs, arms, ears, anything for God's sake, when your on a bust, and a take to bring these hoodlooms http://down.How 's that for access, eh?
If you got a warrant, I guess you’re gonna come in...
That’s awesome.
;-D 
"I JUST START RAIDING THEM"
Art of the grab
Boom!

Ouch.
And when you’re a special prosecutor, they’ll let you do it...
That was a good one!
Ha! That’s awesome

Pop some Tic Tacs Mr. Cohen because you’re fu*ked.
Maybe a little furniture shopping?
You can do anything you want. You can grab ‘em by the warrant.
May 8 thousand anteaters eat your soul, oh shit I forgot you don’t have one. At least you got all mommies basement and got a job I’ll give you that

 Life is bare, Gloom and misery everywhere, Stormy Daniels weather...   #GrabEmByTheProctor
That’s toooo funny!



@StephenAtHome

You can do anything. Grab them by the subpoena. You can do anything.
#TaintTeam
My favorite part is hearing newscasters discussing the “Taint Team” that examines documents after a raid. 

So Michael Cohen’s office got raided. Then he had his “Taint” examined by the Taint Team?
Nailed it!
Oh this is an excellent tweet.
#GrabThemByThePussy #SmallOrangePenis
He is a Brookwood Camps alumn!! Thankfully an alumn of the owners before I went there.
They grabbed him by his subpoenas.



Grab ‘em by the pit bull.
Seems like they grabbed him by the pussy.  Beautiful.  Cheers 
Why do i feel none of this will matter??? Teflon don will shake this all off!!
Excellent meme
Ha... haha...  hahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!
he's  the  hapless  SAmmy  the  bull  to  Trumpo's  lowlier  life  don  gotti  who  had  smarts

"Do it"?
Not even tic tacs can cover this stench.
Lmao
,
Wow, the FBI grabbed Michael Cohen by the pus**. Now that takes balls!
This whole Constitution, rule of law thing is really putting a crimp in Trump's style. #DumpsterFire
I feel like the post prison Trump will probably be much more sensitive to the importance of consent in sexual contact.
Post prison? That'll be a funeral. At least that's my hope.
Possibly, theres no McDonalds in prison, he would waste away! If those pesky poisoners didn't catch up with him before then of course...
OMG, I didn't think of that! How could he live on three meals a day? Not to mention no gold toilets. The horror...
The food in prison probably tastes like McDonald’s.  Ya know that real beef 
