https://twitter.com/dvwc5ukpanrwskv/status/961856470861070337?s=21 …
I am deaf! I wrote to  brother Lindsay Lohan, he answered, and then stopped answering! The American people, help me, you preach it about me ... I want to fulfill my dream that Lindsay flew to me, maybe sms with…
Only good thing that has come out of Colbert's mouth in a long time. @BandFlaw goes back many years. Nothing but positive lyrics by #CHRISVOLZ. Best 2 Only The Strong Survive and Recognize. Now think about that for a minute or for a sec. See u in Dallas on 8/30. #OTSS
You mean 6/30 right?
My apologies guys June 30 at Trees in Dallas TX. with Smile Empty Soul All concert dates can be found below. Sorry again.
All good, just wanted to be sure you don’t miss the show 
wow
You should totally book @BandFlaw on the show @StephenAtHome! It would be a hoot!! 
Stephen we will be in NY in June, maybe we will see you there! Or maybe we can swing by!
Forsho


Pack your bags Stephen. Knock Knock
Why did you make light of Pizzagate, Stephen? It is 100 percent real. https://www.bitchute.com/video/dEZgzABhjXsJ/ …

Shameful. We know your connections to John Podesta.
Nicely done tonight! You go Colbert!
#colbertbump
Hey Steve- your mockery of Christianity on Showtime on Easter Sunday was disgusting and pretty cowardly. How about doing the same theme with Islam? I double dog dare ya!
Love it when the The Beaker Brothers are at Spiccoli's

I cannot watch you because  the local CBS affiliate is owned by Sinclair and they are spewing forth propaganda that is pure Trump. Help!
You can catch the most recent 5 episodes on http://cbs.com  for free. So you can get up and watch Stephen with your cheerios in the morning.
YouTube as well, they upload segments overnight.
Hi Steve, I know you are off this week so I will have to make my own Trump jokes. Not very difficult though, apologies to your writers. I see the proposed new tariffs won't affect Ivanka's clothing line.
Oh no doubt FLAW will be on Colbert!!!
This is the greatest! As a long time fan of Flaw this is the most epic series of events. If I had a successful show I would suggest they play "My Letter". But thats just me! FLLLLLAW!
That band sounded like a combo of Creed, Nickelback, and Tooll!
Ouch
Flaw!
How much longer until Trump orders an aircraft carrier battle group to the Mexican border?
Stephen, I have designed  a rebuttal baseball hat, I would like to send you one. It is blue and the message is: MAKE AMERICA,  AMERICA AGAIN.  would you accept it?
 Bora Bora, French Polynesia 
You should attend :) they are really a great group of guys out doing what they love
I don’t understand this at all.
You had to be there. (Start ~4:00, if not interested in whole clip.)

As we are in a trade war with China, the following is a swap that I would like to see:

 Our president, Sum Dum Guy; vice-president, Ho Ree Chitt;  and president's pornstar mistress, Won Hot Fook, to China for 3 egg rolls and a fortune cookie to be named later.


Montage Of Liberals Laughing At Trump's Chances Of Victory https://youtu.be/f1Sfeq-Dzqg  via @YouTube
Okay, steviepoo. The caravans are coming. Hope you’re good with that. Your show will soon be cancelled because it’s not in Spanish. It’s closer than you think.
Anti Christian bigot!
Always in their set!  #flaw #payback "Guess what??? You suckkkk!" 
Regarding the recent arrest of a man and woman for engaging in oral sex in the parking lot of the Taylor, Pa. Wal-Mart:

I guess the prices weren't all that was going down that night.

We know Stephen Colbert makes fun of and disparages Christ and Christian faith.  I have watched Colbert make fun of Judaism. But why doesn’t Stephen Colbert make jokes about Mohammed and Islam? Why won’t Colbert look into the camera and tell a big fat Mohammed joke?
When will you have them on the show?  <3 #colbert

@StephenAtHome Would love to see Flaw on your show!  These guys have been killing it for years.  Set it up!  Flaw live on the Late Show with Stephen Colbert.
 My boy Colbert knows Flaw?!!??!
Check out my band "The One Oh One" featured in the amazon show "Bosch" 
 http://facebook.com/Theoneohoneband 
Kickass!
I bet they make a lot of (flaws) in their music,like weak ass song topics. But not anyone comes close to me/ @TheChorusking
You are a last ditch comedian wanna be. If I can’t make it here, I can’t make it anywhere.
Flaw!!!!!!
FLAAAWWWWW!!

This is my favorite thing. Turning a Kickstarter joke into the actual Colbert bump for a band. I really hope they can come on the show.
That’s my hometown!!
You REALLY need to go there or invite them onto your show! Thanks for taking one negative story and turning it into a good one!
Guess we are playing Payback!! 

If only it was a death metal band.
Get Cannibal Corpse on the show! 
When are u having them on the show Stephen??
I can picture you putting up your rocking out fingers as you tweet this out! 
Well of course!
HAHAHA!  Too surreal! I went to high school with one of the founding members of FLAW. 

Weird world, man.

FLAW!!!!!!!!
Are you their manager now? Or just their PR person?
I am just jealous we don't have a @Spicolis or @BandFlaw playing at it here.
I had to check if this was the real Colbert. Let’s get some #MyLetter love going too
Stephen, I really do love your show.
I'm not just a fan, you see I'm single. . . and well. . . I'm woman that isn't a porn star and therefore, hasn't been w/@realDonaldTrump 
If you could get this guyon your show, your showMagical
Side note: he is single now? 

Don't forget to mention that Tucker Carlson is talking about the *caravan*!!!! Har har har har har har har har har har!!!!!
Waterloo,Iowa needs a visit from you! lol ROAD SHOW ROAD SHOW ROAD SHOW!!!
How about a 3018 AD/BC Rock Opera:

"MARK ZUCKERBERG SUPERSTAR."
~Umm, could we get the other Stephen back, please?
Yes! They got their tour bus
I love this! Congrats, FLAW 
https://www.archives.gov/files/research/jfk/releases/docid-32112987.pdf …
Thanks, @StephenAtHome, I live only 2 hours away!
The Colbert Bump!
F L A W
This is amazing.
