^^ @sewimperfect 
It's so f****** true! Did you hear that I'm going to name my alter-ego Stormy?  @MyOtterName
Awesome!!
You're a putrescent mass, a walking vomit.  You are a spineless little worm, deserving nothing but the profoundest contempt.  You are a jerk, a cad, and a weasel.
That would be all of the porn stars.
ALSO, DO LESS TREASON
Also, don't be a damn criminal
And ...
If you think she looks like your Daughter,
nothing good, EVER comes from incest.
(Especially if you're married,
AND .... Your wife has just had a baby.)
Also beware of being a premature exacerbate.
Wouldn't that cut out all porn stars then? 
Well, I guess that rules out every porn star ever born in the history of porn.
Good times!
Wow - how quickly you flipped your script Stephen.
Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
You’re a weasel a mealy mouthed little weasel ! Gonna enjoy watching what you’ve got coming
You my friend are the reason people voted Trump. Explain why you would not vote for him. But you can't say , racist,  gender phobia, and mean. 
GO...
I think that eliminates pretty much all of them
Also, don’t tell the women you’re sleeping with that they remind you of their daughter. Lol
Which in tRump's case is EVERY porn star, ever.
I wish he'd have taken that advice.
If only he could go back in time and take his own advice.  I do not have enought Xanax for two more years of his insanity!
If he didn't sleep with things smarter than him he wouldn't even be able to use a fleshlight.
Fleshlight? That’s a new one 
They actually make those. It's a "best seller" 
“fleshlight shower mount”???  
I spit out my coffee just now.
The shower mount must be for when you’re in a hurry, but you still have to shampoo your hair.
Hands free...
Remember Johnny Carson ?  Ya. Back when a guy really was funny and didn’t take sides.  So many miss him and won’t go near the commies on late night shows now. Johnny and Leno. The last of the REAL late night entertainment. #missHeresJohnny !
 YEAH, DT, really really yuuuuge mistake!
So basically Trump shouldn’t sleep with any porn star.
I think they’re ALL smarter than him
Well, nothing easier than that
Boycott Roseanne 
Our pres loves Putin
Roseanne loves Putin
#BoycottRoseanne
NOW you tell me.

How was he supposed to lose his virginity, then?
IMPOSSIBLE....
Nobody's dumber than Trump. Except the ones that voted for him

What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
 
Well that pretty much restricts the choices to very few...
Stormy is smarter than StepHen the fill in dead air on TV host
Where was all this outrage when a sitting president  had sex with a young intern..
Thats pretty good advice but then he cant sleep with anyone
Fly me to the f***ing moon, 
Tra la la    la.   Lalala.....
Yep, 
Killed it right there.

Needed that laugh
Wish he'd followed it!
That advice, but where am I going to find a porn star dumber than me,
We'd be happy to not have him as president.  Unless that meant Pence....on 2nd thought the Donald can stay.
@StephenAtHome but no condom? I’m shocked at how many of my fellow still single friends date new people and only use the pill without having him get tested. When I told them I always ask a new BF to get tested, they were SHOCKED. I didn’t realize not everyone was doing the same..

"Don't sleep with a porn star who can get a better lawyer than me."
Would not take much.
I wish I could catch you on HULU.
Ha ha ain't that the truth.
So......don’t sleep with any porn stars, then?
A bit more advice for the tRump of the past - Just say no to: tRump airlines, tRump beverages, tRump casinos, tRump mortgage, tRump steaks, tRump travel, tRump "university", tRump vodka, tRump the game, tRump magazine, tRump tower tampa, running for President of the USA
Does anyone have a time machine?
Stormy has DonTheCon silent ‘cause she can confirm whether he truly has very small hands. “Tiny, indeed” she says & Orange gasbag cannot disprove her. That’s the problem when people get 2 see a Con artist & capture misery behind the facade. “Having kompromat helps 2”, says Vlad.

OK, everyone, raise your hand if you have a time machine

Now come on...is there a porn star that isn't smarter?
"And by the way, they're all smarter than you..."
Pants up you don’t sleep with someone is not the right one .
“Trump said he was much more widely loved during his career as a businessman and reality TV star.” NOT!
‘Also don’t force your daughter to publicly choose between you and her husband in a looming legal battles, it might not workout well for you’
Well, who would SLEEP with a pornstar in bed????
Don't let people know you want to have sex with your daughter.
Words to live by.
#PerhapsIdBeDatingHer
My dog Violet is smarter than him
Who ISN'T smarter than he is?
nice burn!!
So much smarter....
You better learn from that.
Please, the plot of porn movies are smarter than Drumpf.
@potus sticks and stones will break your bones but if your a celebrity you can smoke on my show
He wouldn't be able to sleep with anyone if he listened to that advice.
We’re not only boring but so many of us don’t want to watch you because you have nothing new to say

What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
 
Or just smarter - which doesn’t take a lot
That is just about every and any porn star.
He could resign the presidency any time now.  I don't think anyone would stop him.  I don't know about the porn stars, though.
Truth from a Pistachio Head. Brilliant 
That doesn’t leave him many options. 
How bout, “Don’t be a complete d*ck”?
And don’t watch idiots who have Johnny Carson spinning in his grave.
I have always wanted a time machine, but never more so in my entire life than right now for this very reason...
Also don’t need to be loved.
Don’t sleep with anyone - just look at the hideous results !
I never do
I hope Melania takes Trump Tower in the divorce and renamed it Obama Plaza
He doesn’t take advice even from himself. He’s a counter puncher. But finally shut up for a couple of little girls. Thank you Karen,stormy for silenceing the great windbag! Hooray! Happy days!!
"Sleep" with him? She tolerated him. 
No woman in her right mind would sleep with that thing. FLOTUS doesn't.
I think...unless you plan to marry the person,  do not sleep with a male or female porn star at all. And get both of yourselves tested first, to make sure you are both healthy.
Nah. I kind of give him props for that.
And also, to older self: "Don't run for president, again". 
Anyway, not a good advise to younger self, haven't you learned anything from Back to the Future? You meddle with history, and @tedcruz is #POTUS45, and the U.S. a #MadMax wasteland! That one's a true believer.
That would be our advice too.
So... All of them, then?
Dead on

Tall order to find a porn star that dumb.
"Don't run for President."  Well, the office is something of a magnifying glass...not such a good thing for your image if you're an imbecile and a jerk.  With that office are abundant opportunities to demonstrate who you are.  DJT hasn't been shy about demonstrating incompetence.
Where are those time machines when we need them?
Sorry the Russia narrative fell apart on you. If this is the best you have Trump will win in a landslide on 2020.
Wait, is Trump going to take credit for exposing the actual Fake News? We all know he was just angrily calling CNN and the New York Times Fake News..he wasn't talking about the Russian bots on facebook and twitter...right?
Aw, but they're all smarter than him. Who does that leave for him to sleep with?
There's no such pornstar.
If I could go back in time I wouldn't have eaten the ice cream for breakfast.

That wouldn't leave a big playing field
I should think pond algae is smarter than "Drump"
Time machine, anyone?
Thanks for making us laugh at such a difficult time

Who cares who he slept with 
I totally agree with you Stephen. Couldn't of said it better myself. 
If only I had a Delorean...

Smarter, cuter, and better fake breasts
It just shows how dumbed down some Americans have become to belive a woman who been sucking many penises and been screwed by thousands and they can’t tell when a two bit whore is wanting a free paycheck.
F0X News: Stephen Colbert says all adult film stars are required to be dumb
At least it was consensual unlike when Clinton raped Juanita Broaddrick...Hey Stephen, you should have her on your show 
Even HE thinks he’s living in a “Back to the Future” reboot
Why?
Try being loyal to your wife and you won't have to worry about all the rest, things fall in line for people who respect others.
Can you say hi if you get a chance Stephen thanks
You sir are the reason I don’t delete Twitter lol
That's an unfairly low bar. Who isn't smarter than him?
Yeah, that would be further down the list.
Still don't know what's wrong with sleeping with a Porn Star.. Too bad shit stories for ratings is all your show has these days.. #sellout
Why is @realDonaldTrump speaking at a "youth forum"? What good can this bum impart to young people? @BettyBuckley @MANX38 @Rosie
That doesn’t leave a lot of porn stars for him to sleep with
Colbert shoves his own head up his dark place and eats dinner and then spits dinner at Americans
" BTW, you're not smart enough to figure out which ones are smarter than you."
So, don't sleep with any porn stars
This is the perfect representation of America with trumplethinskin as president.
Youth forum? They're letting him speak to children?
Stephen Colbert fans watch this!!!
.
I’ve got houseplants@with higher IQ than the SCROTUS
Which would be all.
Wasn't it consensual? Didn't she say she isn't a victim? @StephenAtHome needs to go away.
Wow, that's a smart move...
Sounds like Trump put his pecker in Stormy what about you is it true that you poked Maxine Waters lol
So,every porn star?
So is a paramecium!
Well, that makes it all better. He's destroying our gov't, our country, our position in the world, our "friendship" with other countries all because he really didn't want to be president.
"Trump  - the one pump chump" kinda catchy, no?
That would eliminate all porn stars
Wow, most of the rest of the world knew something Trump didn't. That tells us something.
#DearDonnieDipshit, If you don’t like being president, you can always quit. Take your alleged billions, and hide away from your legacy like all republicans eventually do. Your golf clubs, and hookers await. (And so dose Hell)
Don't make deals with Russian Oligarchs after a night "showering" with their hookers.
Please, anything is smarter than him.
Does the "way smarter" need to be pointed out?   Let's just point out when DT is the smarter one...chirp....chirp....chirp

@StephenAtHome does this mean he won’t run next term?!? Praise Jesus! 
Also, don't watch Stephen Colbert because he's not funny.
That's all of them, isn't it?
To be fair, 5th graders are smarter than him.
This is sad and scary to say but most people are smarter than POOTUS.
She just keeps spanking!

I think that’s his 2020 self talking.
But he credibly denied that !!!
(source: Postillion)
Or get spanked by a smart porn star with a copy of Time magazine
Make sure you only pick up your own ......cat!
Who was the guy you slept with to get to the top Colbert?
Don't be a POS... Start there.
Wow, Trump had a little tryst. Remind me, who was that guy banging interns on the Oval Office desk? Do we even have to reference Chappaquiddick?... and the lies that followed? More liberal selective fervor and thought.
Too funny!!
Seems a little excessive I mean some of that is already known.....maybe just don't sleep with porn stars?
Iiujbicj
Can we please go back in time?
Let’s get this straight - our current president is saying that he would tell himself not to run for president. Way to continue to instill confidence big guy...
Of course one should avoid,  treacherous individuals.
@RealDonad_Trump then do your 25-year old self a favor #resign
How about, "Use a fake Twitter handle...no, not John Barron."

Another example of the President's sloppy business practices.  It's not a contract until it's signed. So, where did Cohen place in his tort law class?
Everybody’s way smarter than he is...
Someone needs to invent a time machine and send him back, stat.
Also, "Don't eat the yellow snow."
It’s tragic. I’ve said it before: I don’t think he wanted the job, and winning it was the worst thing that ever happened to him. Tragic.
He doesn’t even want to be president, is basically what he said
This is disgraceful.  Having a President in office that hates the job.
And the law suit is frivolous cause she’s a pig!
Where are premonitions when you need them?
