didnt sean penn physically and verbally abuse madonna tho?
Yes.
about that, still boggles the mind how some people believe madonna when she defends him. sandra, christopher, countless of different people in different biographies, people in pubs/restaurants talking about his outbursts in the 80s.. It's obvious she's protecting him.
Yes. It's pretty sad she defends him. Stockholm syndrome much ? Ugh.. 
and not only did other people confirm he was abusive, she once filed a police report (and then stopped the case) ! URGH !
maybe if she continued with the report, people would be kinder and more understanding about her. that always annoys me, because obviously she's rather different in private. Also makes Sean even worse for using M's kindness to save his name
Yes, I agree ... :/ it feels like he "won" in the end ..
have you seen this? https://www.cbsnews.com/news/sean-penn-bob-honey-who-just-do-stuff/ … he talks about the abuse stories, but is it just me or does his body language say it all? and if it's not true, than i guess madonna's own family & friends are liars lol (yeah right)
No I haven't. Just seeing his smug face makes me wanna punch him.
Madonna or Britney?? It has to be Modonna right?? Who would pick Britney over Modonna???
yeah isn't that a weird comparison? he thinks the same. only thing they got in common is that they both sing songs. but madonna is the artist & very intelligent. britney?um
Is Sean Penn out of work ?? He looks like a street bum.
So what if he smoked he should have smoked a joint instead cigarettes will kill you
Sean Penn. You and Penn...two losers.
Loved what he had to say but damn he smokes a lot!
I always like Sean Penn. The forward comb-over to hide the receding hairline and the smoking were kind of a downer but he still okay in my book.
This was awesome interview! Real, heartfelt and fun! 
This may be the first time I've ever seen someone smoking while being interviewed, I thought I saw smoke on my TV and realized in fact it was from a cigarette. I feel for the audience members who had to endure that smell inside. Worst night to be in the audience perhaps.
Ashley you seen smoke on your TV. Did you scratch the screen and smell the smoke too? I'm sure everyone in that audience had things much worse happen to them that day then someone smoking in a huge studio with an even bigger ventilation system. Get over it.
Y I K E S

http://www.ojjpac.org/memorial.asp   K. Steinle, G.R., J. Shaw’s & Bologna’s Children, J.W., D. Oliver, Det. M. Davis, Baby Reedy,  &THOUSANDS of VICTIMS  have been KILLED  by ILLEGAL immigrants for YEARS Before Donald Trump Ever thought of Running for President, Help OJJPAC  & ALIPAC
Interview a guy who beats up photographers and loves Venezuelan dictators. Hypocrisy.

Thanks shedding light at ending our weekdays with your humour + outstanding guests! Btw I loved your interviewed with Sean+can't wait to purchase/read his novel Bob Honey.
@StephenAtHome Still waiting for the segment on Lung Cancer incidence, mortality and survival rates. Spoiler: they're abhorrent. Can't believe you didn't make him put it out. 2nd hand smoke kills, don't play along for a bit.
Snowflake!
Shill -
Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
Colbert has ruined late night.
SHAME ON U. I AM SURE YOU ASKED SEAN PENN TOUGH QUESTIONS ON THE STARVATION IN VENEZUELA. SAYS ALOT ABOUT U.
He so fuckin extra
i wish sean penn would stop trying to make looking like a strung out addict cool.
Many people don't know that after the Haiti earthquake, #SeanPenn was on the ground, driving a child to get medical attention. Then media attention increased. @PattyArquette was there too helping withe their water and sewage problems. Real life Super Heroes.
How the could have improved this piece would to have Sean put about 6 pop cans in a pillow case and beat some sense into Colbert. Now that would have been worth a view.
Oh yea that was already in a movie. Well in that case Penn in his inebriated state wouldn't have to practice the scene.
Exciting stuff..have you found any writers yet or are we still doing cut and paste stuff from last week..??
#seanpenn  Stephen you and Sean are so insignificant! No one really gives a crap about you and/or women beater #SeanPenn! But the ass beating he gave #Madonna didn't work. Histroy makes you who you are today! That's garbage! Just fade away! Like your movies!
Dude looks like shit...and he was smoking in there just like that? Pretty sure that was not kosher.
@cbs Very sad...
Is it too late to do a Spicoli sequel to Fast Times??
Penn has not aged well at all.
Don’t invite him on. He’s weird.
Objection. He’s fantastic! Very good sense of humour 
Smoking a dube!!
Ahh leave Sean alone he’s brilliant.... Can’t wait to read his book!
Brilliant in whose eyes??? Just sayin'...
Im sure that was an intelligent conversation. Lol
That was great!
I can’t believe he was smoking! This is amazing! Colbert show is the best 
I will take “who beat Madonna” for a $1,000 Alex.

sad americans want their celebrities shining like a new penny and without any substance. penn looked like a normal man of his age. no processing. real is always preferable.
holy crap, no!  the only "normal men" who look that beat at that age are hard drinkers and smokers, and/or homeless guys. looked terrible.
Great! Now I can go to bed after the monologue!
As in, which one would you like to tie to a chair and beat? He already answered that one.
Is this game just for guests on drugs?
Penn was totally Spicolli'd last night. Looked like he might smell bad...
What’s with the smoking?
I turned it off when he lit the cigarette.
Live a little 
That's why we don't smoke. For the living.
Better to be a hasbeen than a neverbeen
obviously u can relate
The drugs #SeanPenn is taking seem to be working. But did he share them with his hair "stylist"?
Somebody should tell Sean that the 90 degree opposite Trump combover aint working.
Oh good it's this fuckin guy

I gave him that Bible when he was in jail
He's right, You are a f****** genius!
The two of you do a fantastic interview!
Wake up Merica!!!
GRRRREAT!!
I was always secretly in Love with Sean Penn, I see him for 5 seconds on T.V. and I can’t stand it lol!! I just love him 
That was great. None of that was on the episode shown in Australia.
I think he is finally becoming Jeff Spicoli in real life. Sad.
#pappypariah

Gotta help sell that book.
Please tell me you weren’t asking which singer he’s personally beaten. 
Can’t believe @colbertlateshow gave him a forum to appear. 
Is he homeless now?
Fuck Sean Penn.
I realize I'm not "hip" to all the new fashions...but why does Sean have bird wings glued to the front of his head?
