On top of this, Stormy released one her pics too.


Doing survey...to find out who has "Trump" more in their tweets, you :) or Kimball. :) Apparently, ur winning.
The CHALLENGE! (also an experiment) Many of us are betting on this too. For the NEXT 72 hours....we challenge you....NOT to tweet ANYTHING about Mr. Trump. I don't think you can do it for 24 hours. Ok...go. :)
It was on a dark and stormy Daniels....
https://youtu.be/20a7t_BqbxA  Chuck Schumer warning to Trump
Schumer ...????  Warning.??? that wuss ...Bwaahahahahahahahahahahaha
A bigger man you'll ever be pussy, watch out your fake president will get at ya.
You're a putrescent mass, a walking vomit.
Are you serious? You complete idiot! Remember Monica Lewinsky? Hillary's server? Are you completely brain dead? Also, not just Monica but a whole bunch of women. If cant comment intelligently please, shut the hell up!
Haven't watched you in a while. Thank you, I can hardly stop laughing taint team.

"Johnny Law?....try not to take my lines bra
Go on #Tucker little man!
https://www.facebook.com/TheArchKennedy/videos/2123470607872450/ …
Dear Stephen... there has been some talk about whether the @POTUS could pardon himself. Could he also Fire himself?  That might be best.
LMAO!
Again???!
What happened to your little finger?
It's sad that Stephen CoalBerT has to defile and debase and smear the great Ed Sullivan Theater with his vile unfunny Act
My porn name is Tara Frisky.  It's the street I grew up on and name of my first dog.
It's on the house. The White House that is.
I do not doubt "Stormy's" and K. McDougal's veracity about "spending time" with "Imperator Maximus Disgustus" - our @POTUS.   However, when they "with him", they had to be suffering from Amaurosis fugax, temporary insanity, or something to explain why beauty was with the beast.
The President grabs hoes by the pussy.
Christain porn
WW3 and this is your focus?
One cute couple pictures that I like wow thats cute

Haha   I needed a good laugh - very entertaining!
The porn is coming from INSIDE THE HOUSE
Through an unforeseen series of resignations and firings, we will soon learn that the porn star IS the president.  And we will be relieved.
If there was a movie about Donald Trump, who would play him? He would, and he'd be terrible. They would eventually replace him with Donald Trump.
It would be Harvey Weinstein's come back and funded by Russia.
New  character introduced this morning - Mr Pecker
You are the Best! Thank you for the comic relief. The only thing is you didn't make this shit up.
You rock! 
Did not need that image this early in the am. 
I’m afraid to click on that link
Love what you say and do sir.
The whore in this porn flick is DJT, & the reviews are in, moronic & godawful
It's quite briliant how a corrupt President follows the path of his once friend, later enemy, Bill Clinton. Let's hope the torture doesn't last long. What about Melania? Fox news have been very supportive.
Wonder if Trumps current wife in a divorce once the FBI proves he had affairs with these two women. Trump could care less about his atty. he more scared of the money he’ll have to give when Ms Trumps files for divorce
hmmmmmmmmm
So is the fake tan juice 

"and the porn stars too"
