I really do not want to sit on your face.


Then you're ready to wipe when done.
Can I get those models here too? 
Thank you for a great content

Oh my God that’s so you
Will the winner Model them on your show? 
Continue the charitable support after the auction - make an affordable variety of these available in the shop! I really want to buy a pair for my man.
Hurry guys. This is the only chance for any of you to sit on Colbert's face lol
Now we know wjat cest pool you breached.
@AlmRobert
Wish Stephen would ware a pair ever day all day long. He would love better.
No women's undies?  Stephen! I'd like bikini style size 8. Thanks.
Yuk...Noooo! 
So much fun in your audience last night!!  Thank you
I'll take Desperation for 800, Stephen.
Isn't underwear "up for grabs" what got Trump in trouble in the first place?
Oh boy!
Wow - and for AIDS too. How right on can you get?

Found my Mother’s Day gift!! 
I need these
Do they come in presidential bigly size @colbertlateshow?
So who wore them on tv? And did they wash them afterward?
Eww
& thanks to my bestie Ms. Zena Jawad for the undies idea  She totally deserves a shoutout!!!  #Colbert #NYFW
Makes sense, late night shows are full of shit.
Crack that whip!!
OK, let's play the left's game here for a sec.

Stephen Colbert (white) & his team of writers (almost all white) using a platform owned by a 94-year-old white billionaire (Sumner Redstone) to…
Too many jokes there
« Auction open to U.S. residents age 18 and over only. » 
Whyyyyy! I wanna help good causes too 
everyone needs a pair of sensible skivvies  thank you for supporting the fight against #HIV

don’t you mean “ass-worn-on-TV?”
Ohhhh Thank You, Thank You, for the gratuitous underwear shots. Much appreciated!
Where was Brian Cranston when we needed him?
Undies that come with their own #Hashtag 
This one! I meant this one. Sheesh! #LSSC 

Damn my luck. I'm too broke this week to bid on them. Can I send you a pair and you autograph them for me.?
Got anything in a boxer-brief or net-bikini?
Uh-oh. Lookout @TheEllenShow, it looks like @colbertlateshow is in the undie game too! Hahah.  #EllenUnderwear
I'm currently the highest bidder!!! #BUTTerFACE #ThanksObama #ForGoodTwerks
A wonderful cause, good luck all who can bid! #LSSC
Looking good Stephen lol.
Very cool <3 thank you <3
.@StephenAtHome @colbertlateshow
Stephen Colbert is a cockholster for Communism.
Sexy!
