“I have a phony cloud over my head that doesn’t exist” 
@jimmykimmel @Trevornoah all you fools look like straight shmucks attacking @kanyewest for lovin the president. If I didn’t know better you all sound like jealous little school kids. The smart half of America voted for him and that just kills you and that makes us happy! 
SCARY!!!!
He's so full of himself he could stop up a black hole within seconds. And he said on his CABOOSE saying NOTHING while Putin threatened to drop a nuclear bomb on our country. How that "nobody's been tougher on Russia than me?"
I MEANT to say "he SAT on his caboose." Verdammt the no #editbuttontwitter
Ownership of the station will do that

“He’s awake” 
I think he has the hots for Hillary.
Are you and Meriam-@MerriamWebster colluding to troll 45?
Next time maybe they should just let it go to voicemail!
It's good to have friends isn't it Stephen
#QAnon
Try arguing an issue once instead of vapid insults that will never be humorous. Your personal obsession with our President is psychotic.
Oh he so toasted himself...the Cheetoh is no longer Puffy!
Did you know the South Park guys are conservative? I thought you were too. You had that Dana Carvey type ability to play the line so everyone could have fun. What happened?
@StephenAtHome please don't stop -- the uniparty of neoliberals/leftists/NeoCons is destroying itself (inclouding you) -- you are an example of everything that is wrong with the media & politics! What a mess Trump inherited but it's fun watching him destroy the country's enemies.
Colbert, by far the worst "comedian" on TV. How did this guy get to take over Letterman's gig? Without Trump to obsess about every night he would have been cancelled in a week. Colbert-terrible guy, terrible show.
You'll never silence Kanye West! How dare you - the smug radical left white male tell him he's lost his mind!!! As if you have any credibility....

And convicted himself of all outstanding charges  Dam he’s talented
...dot,dot,dot...and I love and also thank you for the wonderfully entertaining Our Cartoon Pres!
A brilliant and important monologue last night, Sir! I watched trump’s train wreck on Morning Joe, but it is important that you spread the word into the homes of millions so that everyone can be informed. You teach and entertain! Many thanks! 
Isn't it AMAZING that after meeting with THE DON North Korea is looking for peace with south Korea and will de-escalate the nuclear weapons!!!!
GO PRESIDENT TRUMP!
You are OBSESSED with him.  I think you secretly love him.
Going off this story line, Trump had the Winter Olympians at the White House  today. At least the ones that came. As usual he made it all about himself again.  Next it will be,  Trump creates the Universe.
S

White liberal Democrats freaking out that Kayne not following their orders. Their biggest fear is Blacks, Hispanics, & other minorities thinking for themselves #Trump #MAGA
Wouldn't it be great if Fox News was the cause of Trump's demise, along with the Republican party? #karmaisabitch
That would be poetic justice
Trump's genius has you totally freaked out, StepHen. Boffo Trump!
The small minded sycophants who watch your bruising political satireare too stupid to research your background. Your Clinton links were exposed by Wikileaks. You are nothing but 100% hate& venom directed towards a president. Sick. Seek help.
Clinton insider brags about making two Colbert Report specials https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/46703#efmABaACc … 
You make it sound like convicted rapist #BillCosby was treated unequally by the law and maybe shouldn't be going to prison. I think you backfired on yourself @StephenAtHome
When is the story on Barry handing over the Nobel to Donald going to break?
A birthday card...The best birthday day card...The nicest card you’ve ever seen, believe me! 
Bring back Ching Chong ding dong.
Stephen , your time is coming !!! #Metoo will be knocking at your door.
Hey Kanye, if Stephen Colbert wants you to have an opinion, he’ll give it to you!  Mr Colbert, why don’t you change your name to Mr Haley (Uncle Toms Cabin)
#Kanye
It is true Colbert that you wouldn’t even have a show if it wasn’t for Trump, because that’s all you talk about on your show. Now you’re bashing Kanye and Chance because they are not bashing Trump and actually supporting him as well as knocking Obama for the terrible job he did.
Racist!
@realDonaldTrump and Vlad partying hard @sydneymardigras...”Allegedly”.
Are you aware there is a bird in Australia called a Cockatoo? #CockOr2
@rickygervais you’re an animal lover, any thoughts?
Oh, HELLO!,,,
Stephen you're the best, I couldn't stop laughing.. thanks
My millennial friends and I around Boston definitely did not find it funny when you told a hip-hop star to shut up because he spoke what he believed good luck for your ratings now you fascist
And when you make fun of the president sometimes I laugh about it but when you called Kanye West crazy and told him to shut up because he spoke what he believed that was not funny at all
Dude seriously you should be thanking the president for winning because what else would you be talking about I can’t watch your show many more because it’s so political it’s really really annoying you used to be funny not anymore
What a complete asshole you are.
I'm worried that if someone, as a joke, told Trump that Obama could hold his breath for 10 minutes, he'd try to beat it ... on Fox and Friends.
Pretty pathetic that you hate on a man for having a fast train of thought. Which by the way always came back to the original topic while giving a back story that ties into it. He's bashed on why he has the opinions he has, so he tells why he has them in his answers.
I think I should send a copy of this to @foxandfriends and @realDonaldTrump at the @WhiteHouse I bet they could ramble on about it for a while.

You're a funny guy....you just need to talk about other things
He could have enclosed an Amazon card within her birthday card.
If you are gonna piss and moan about Kanye going rogue off the plantation put moar effort into being funny and less time into being an insufferable twat.
The gift that just keeps on giving!
So let's see all the spin that will be spewed out defending Chump's rant.

Even Fox&Friends couldn't take any more of Trump.  And all F&F could say was Trump was "awake" Good lord.
He can keep it together for so long and then he explodes. It's a pattern. One of his MO's
We know that...
What?
I didn't think the original rant could be comedically improved, but you have done it Stephen Colbert! 
So funny... Korea are at peace now is he to thank for it?
Maybe? Kim is like "well, I just lost craziest leader title, might as well find some other hobby. Beside nuclear testings." 
That was his "time of confession" 
Happy Birthday Melania!  He may have provided enough evidence for his own indictment!!
Colbert you are a racist disgrace. You are trying to demean,belittle and  use ridicule to keep people captive to your way of thinking. You are dangerous and I hope people will see you for what you are.. not funny but cruel and a bully.
I wonder if he used the red phone. The bomb phone
You can’t make this stuff up...!
Yes, the whole "Presidency" is a never ending SNL skit.
How crazy he truly is boils down to one statement. "Many people say I look so good, how do you do it." This didn't happen. Looks truly dont matter when it comes to politics, but lets be honest...hes overweight and ugly with bad hair and orange skin. Nobody says he looks good.
Best way to stop this man, let him talk!
Lost his mind yet again. The man is not stable enough to hold the Oval Office. Pretty bad when FOX cuts off one of his rants.
True and Republicans are protecting him which is scarier.
They should watch that interview.
That look when you realize you bet on a loser....
Trump took notes from this super smart sounding person:
It’s not too late to jump on the trump train.

OK, let's play the left's game here for a sec.

Stephen Colbert (white) & his team of writers (almost all white) using a platform owned by a 94-year-old white billionaire (Sumner Redstone) to…
Totally ignore what happened between North and South Korea. Guess who spurred this on? TRUMP!
 Still feel like I have a hangover from this one-wonder how he's feeling this morning-oh that's right-his first tweet of the day was about James Comey,
Comey is right: Trump is behaving like Comey is 'like a breakup he's trying to get over.'
A bit clingy, I'd say.
#JamesComey
@CaseyJBach @DanBACH1 @ChapterLiam worth gg all the way thru!!
That was the most that Killmead has ever looked like Cartoon Killmead.
sexual predators, "speaking of which ..." here's t-Rump.
lol
"Three white people on the couch its fox&friends" lov'n it #CartoonPresident
To damm funny ! 
Debating between responding with...
Dear Lord. Just imagine the outrage had this been Hillary shrieking over the phone on national television. Of course, it would have never happened.

they could have hung up and said oops looks like we lost the call, lol
Grandpa's dementia is progressing.
Oh how I wish he would call in every day !
And sounding like a raging lunatic! #FUCKTRUMP #Fatasstrump
Why don't you talk about the influence this administration has (along with the Chinese) in the very likely possibility of getting a 65 year conflict to end between north and South Korea? Will that be too much for your brain to contemplate?
I believe the correct spelling is "Fox & Frauds"....
*Faux and Frauds 
Aren’t you the slightest bit embarrassed that you sniff trumps underwear everyday.


well, it was 'bring your child to work' day
Yeah I saw it. He confessed. It'll just make things so much easier, don't you think?
Happy Belated Birthday @FLOTUS did you enjoy @realDonaldTrump gift of confirming his affair on @foxandfriends on your birthday? I can only imagine what was written in the birthday card.
North Korea agreed to de-nucleuarize bro. Give the mr. President a break already. Sheesh
Agreed to, haven’t actually yet. And not because Trump called him names on Twitter, but because of China and S Korea.
Just bc you woyld rather date Obama doesn't mean his political objectives were achieved. He was a failed president and a liar. President trump is yet to be determined but you have already judged him as a monster bc of What? His ego? He is a man. Get over it
Please reference one lie that Obama told, with proof such as a tweet or taped conversation . . . Waiting.
Your delusional. He was a con man. A swindler. A thief. I can't put it any simpler sweet heart. You don't understand politics
You can blab all you want and insult me, but until you can show I one instance of a lie then it means nothing.
The middle East. We went to more wars with him instead of less. A lie. The economic bailout were no one went to prison and was held responsible. His billions of cash to Iran. The opiate epidemic. What else do you want me to tell you? I am correct. you don't understand politics.
Everything you said is a Fox News talking point, not proof. Attach a video or tweet of him lying.
Just yet another TRUMP manic moment!
Yep, this is how innocent people behave.
Mhm. And stable geniuses. ..
"Well, he was conscious.." hahaha
This is the greatest, most hilarious protest album of all time.
Oh jeez what did he say now

I'm glad that I'm not in the Cult of Trump.  There more important priorities in life than ideology.
The red MAGA hats are the newest branding of bigotry/white supremacy.
Fox could have used Kayne's Ima let you finish line
"We have, Diamond and Silk are warriors by the way. How about Diamond and Silk? They've become amazing. Somebody's talking about them on the internet."
-Donald Trump, Fox & Friends, 4/26/18
Trump is officially Vincent Adultman from Bojack Horseman?
god talking about trump again? change the fucking record.
That’s no a phony cloud...that’s you hair.
Drunk Grandpa was hilarious 
I am hoping a psychologist or psychiatrist will contribute to this discussion. His rant shows evidence of what I would call "confused thinking." I have seen it at times with a family member that was diagnosed with schizophrenia. Experts please!!!??!!
The speed of the rant seemed like "mania" but the lack of linear thought jumped out to me as more of a problem than the "hyper" part of the rant. When you compare this to anything @MichaelAvenatti  says, the differences between clarity and focus become more obvious.
It was a beautiful card! Get it straight!
Very Presidential.
DRAIN THE SWAMP.....?
YESSSS DRAIN THE SWAMP. ...

I don’t know guys...sounds like a stable genius to me.
I know right?
President bone spurs must have had more than his allotment of coke before he called in. His juvenile ranting had me in stitches.
That was epic!!
In other news
Stephen Colbert still last in the late night ratings and still hemorrhaging Letterman viewers.
Your show doesn't need writers at all. The jokes write themselves.
Ah he has the best staff with the best words - prioritizing has got to be challenging
Related:

It was great!!!!   It was like a crazy Christmas in April.
Did we get him? We got him, right?
His handlers were like
They may rename it to 'Fox and people we meet once but don't really know that well so stop asking'

And it was SPECTACULAR!
How much do you think these 3 -Dumb, Dumber & some blonde in the middle-would have paid to have this button directly connected to him?
A dimwit blond sandwich with ioditic white bread.
Right after doing coke .....

Better get ready for more of those mornings 
It was rude but funy
It was a glorious success!!! Look at the expressions of glee on these two
"Oh no!   We fed a feral cat and now it's ours!!"

Screaming old man hangs up. The studio goes dead silent. Trump supporting commentators are left in shock. https://twitter.com/Acosta/status/989482204773404674 …

Grandpa Simpson phones into Fox and friends................. 
