If you go to the Devos Performance Hall gig, arm yourself in case of wild bears.
Grand Rapids?!?!?!?
Like 'em both.  But it'd be a crying shame if they didn't combine their names on the billing, as though they were one person, named, Steve Martin Short.  A real comedy missed opportunity.

Saw them in Orlando a while back. Great show!!!
The first thing I saw was “DeVos”...and thought the post was a spoof.
Nice
Any Toronto shows?
DeVos Performance Hall....says it all.
No one good ever comes to SC. @StephenAtHome why don't you record your show @ USC. Have the students of the film school help produce it.
after watching the interview, for some inexplicable reason I thought that Mr. Short could possibly don a make over! maybe for the next guest appearance?
I'm still annoyed they don't call themselves Steve Martin Short.
Got tickets for Canandaigua, NY!
oh, thx for the nerd-gasm. now I have to have something for lunch. @TheEllenShow good to see some happy-happy-joy-joy in the world.
Will they be doing the crass Trump jokes? If so count me out.  So sick of TOXIC “Colbert like” politicsl jokes.
Can’t wait to see at The Beacon on 5/4
We saw them last year in Indiana and they were hilarious and amazing. Their talent and confidence in their craft really shines through. You will have a wonderful evening!
Why is Chevy Chase missing?
$211.00 for one ticket here in Denver? Are you freaking kidding me? I paid less than that for Hamilton!!
No one ever wants to come to steaming hot Florida.   Damn
That http://stevemartin.com  link is broken
Is @Flaw playing too?
Working link to tour dates: http://www.stevemartin.com/stevemartin/tour.html …
Will there be banjo playing?
Already have our tickets to Huber Heights show #road trip #SteveMartin #MartinShort
@Turlguy
Saw them in FL, hilarious!
Website for steve martin doesnt work:0/
It must be the browser you’re using. I went on Chrome and it works for me.
Omg yes, I’ve had them for weeks!!!  TANGLEWOOD BABY!!!
Is this a hint
Why is it not called the Steve Martins Short Show
Because it's not
Read that as Martin Lawrence and Steve Martin
Will work for tickets!
