I love that Ecuador still seems surprised by this.
You've gone full partisan hack. Never go full partisan hack. So disappointing...
Colbert is a rock of integrity. And funny. Hack? - absolutely not.
Haha, good one! Yes, he's funny. But implicitly condoning, even celebrating, blatant infringement on a man's basic human right of free speech because it said man released (factual!) info that hurt his team's candidate in an election that should never have been close? That's hacky
Alternative facts are not facts. Secretly using - as in not making clear & public - an information distribution channel so it’s content is personally-politically targeted is a violation of others’s rights e.g. theft of trust, theft of impartial info that informs decisions = fraud
Never knew u were a libby

Why don’t you use your platform to call out the insanity of how @JulianAssange is being mistreated and the U.S. government’s absurd insistence that Assange is somehow a criminal?  He tells the truth and exposes corruption.  Oh, right, you work for the corporate oligarchy. My bad.
His platform his choice.
Don’t kid yourself.  His platform, CBS’ choice.
Then why the hell are you blaming him for not using his platform for such and such.
Try reading all the words.  Then, try re-reading for comprehension.  You’re bound to catch on.   Eventually.
Boohoo
I was wondering about wiki leaks. Its been so quiet. Nothing about......?
Check out @James_K_Bryson’s Tweet:
Retweeted Whaa!bulance  (@larrycraft57):

What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it. …
As an ecuadorian, I’m glad they did that, cause that wifi-money is coming from my taxes, you know 
@Kasia42069

son of a biach hey! but to be fair, I honestly cant believe the bill took THIS LONG  to arrive. I bet he was going to the postbox first in the morning & hiding them under his pillow/chair/shower unit.
Ecuador have cut off #JulianAssange Internet, but he is still available on the phone.
Your show should be turned off full-time.
So dad that you have no compassion for this brave man.  Your political bias is blatant.
who pays for his stay?
So he releases facts and truth wanted for arrest like Snowden. Killary, Obama, dnc, and FBI  hide facts create illegal dossier , lie to judges and that's ok in your book... see where your Morales are anything for a quick rating hike.
So after all he’s done that’s the line he had to cross?
What's up with this Stephen???
Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
Why didn’t they stop him a long time ago?
Did your war criminal pal Henry Kissinger help you write that? Classic.
War criminals and huge corporate profits are awesome!
We would be a lot better off if they cut you off.

"Tis about time...!
poor bastard
I suspect Robert Mueller has a coming out present for Mr Assange.
Have the Ecuadorians never heard of hotspots?
Hey Ecuador what did u expect would happen??? What's that parable about the lion & the mouse? The lion eats the mouse because it was " in hi nature"
In HIS nature..I should never tweet b4 6am
That's the scorpion & the frog.

The lion & the mouse ends differently. 
Now if we could pull the plug on trumps internet 
That would be incredible 
Damn, beat me to it!
It is super funny that a person can have an officially declared human right taken away for criticism of something or someone. I wish we could see more oppression like this in the world. That would be a downright knee slapper........ #dumbAF
How long will it take for them to figure out he hotspotted their wifi?
that’s literally his job, so why’d it take so long?
it's not enough...
I’ve lived without internet. It won’t kill him. Screen time dumbs people down.
Poor little Julian won't be able to email Putin, Trump, Hannity all the rest of the mobsters. I hope the freeloader has fun twiddling his thumbs from now on!
I'm sure he's cool with it.
Lmfao that late show you have stevie ratings no where near what Rosanne had last night. I bet your sorry ass was in a safe space while this show was on the air.
Hi
Love it!!
No good deed unpunished!
Now what will @realDonaldTrump do ?
If there's wifi, he still has internet. Just kick him out.
Even Ecuador hates Trump & his supporters!
Not a moment too soon?
Sweet justice! Love love love. Ecuador just made it to my top 3 list!!!
Good!!!
Assange is like the scorpion you give a ride to across the river. It can't help but sting you.
powdery assange.

#ReconnectAssange #EdwardSnowden #ChelseaManning #RealityWinner 
#WhistleblowersAreNotCriminals #FreeAssange #FreeThePress
Most ecuadorians are ashamed that the Government gave asylum to this fellow. Hope he leaves soon without Internet and no high hopes.
Hey Julian, yours days are numbered without the net!
Cutting off internet to that guy, is equivalent of handing him his testicles.
thank you
This joke is extra if you know he's adopted.
They cut off his hot water, but apparently he doesn't shower that much. So in order to get him to move out, they have cut off the internet.....LOL
Put him out on the curb. Let's see what happens
Awwww, how will he spread his whinging to the world now?!?  Poor J-Ass
There is no internet where you are going cuckbert.
That’s what you do when your guests overstay and are no longer welcome ! The dead fish and the unwelcome guest stink at the 3rd day !


I was cut off the Internet at the embassy in Moscow too...  It wasn’t even politically motivated either -  - all I did was intercept the Putin-Trump bare chest sexting...

And no we will no longer launder your underwear for free! Ecuadorean women have better things to do!
If he forgot to clear his browser it's full of 12 year old girls,
Haha!
Julian Assange - "No! No! Anything but that! No Internet? How will I survive?"
Julian Assange is DEAD. Has been since before the election. All interviews and videos Photo Shop.
IT could be.. but we probably will never know :(
Good! Enough bullshit from him.
 "you can do whatever you want in our emba...hey wait a minute there!"
He got grounded like a bee bop little kid. Lol. And by Ecuador! Lol.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
There's a russian drone outside the window, julian, it appears to have a cell phone dangling from it... oh! And some green tea, too! Oh, very green... and glowing slightly.
If you want to unload Assange Free is too high a price. Kick in $50m and we'll call it even.
Hmmm...Did NOT see that coming.
throw his ass out!
Annoy house guest that just won’t leave
Ecuador is a year and half late. The damage is done. Better late than never I guess.
Sorry about that. We had a terrible President back then.
A big ass stint in the time-out chair.

https://twitter.com/larrycraft57/status/978495858525327360 …

What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
 
Arrest? The United States would execute him or put him in a blacksite prison to be tortured or worse. I personally thank Julian Assange for showing us what we were doing in Iraq killing civilians and what was going on in Guantanamo and how the DNC cheated the 2016 primary.
Stephen, please don't like to Gizmodo. I'd prefer to not associate you with that flock of social justice wingnuts. A place where commenting to a person with a different skin color for their avatar is a microaggression.
And just when Pornhub starts their Easter Week special ...
Is this a net neutrality joke and I just don't get it?!  
To your room, child.
The embassy just cut him off from their systems. What’s to stop him using 4G?
I think they have access to his devices, since he is living there at their pleasure.  If he doesn't like he, he can leave and take his chances on being arrested.
I just read the press release. It seems like the Embassy wanted to appear they were restricting him but the truth may be different

Why is he still holed up? I thought Sweden dropped the charges against him... Oh, the USA wants him, too. Never mind.
Couldn’t happen to a more deserving worm.
But how's poor Julian gonna be able to stay in touch with Roger Stone and his buddies at the GRU now?
Just go to jail. Surely it would be better than living in an office??!!
Oh Yes Guantanamo is better than living in an office in London..
Another Australian meddling in US politics, they don’t send us their best people.
Truth is a game of  'hot potatoe' for the weak of character Steve. Some of us are willing, and strong enough to own the potatoe despite the burn
Somebody pull the fire alarm and lock the door behind him.
Woohoo
It could not have happen to a nicer dickwit.

Why doesn't he do himself (and everybody else) a favor and just walk out ?
Did he really eascape imprisonment though...???
Not at all, this prison is just nicer.
Thank you Ecuador
That’s hilarious 
why don't they cut off trump's internet. He meddled in international affairs...WITH THE INTERNET
Hah!
NO INTERNET! That's cruel and unusual punishment! Lol 
Julian has the right to color tv.
I'm afraid those bedtime cookies are out too, young man.
JULIAN!!! How did your friend Donald end up in the Oval Office?! Did YOU have anything to do with this?! Don’t you walk away from me when I’m talking to you! And wipe that smirk off your face!

hes literally in time out...
Oh yes yes yes yes
And now, let the wild rumpus start!
Suspiciously familiar
I love you Ecuador! Now please, please, please put him out on the street!
Wish our President (Lenin Moreno) does so. I have a theory that Assange has sensitive info about our Government which he uses to blackmail.


Sweet I bet you Assange wishes he got one of these
Maybe homing pigeons?
(no pigeons were harmed during the making of this tweet)
Bad boy!
I can’t even do that to my kids. They always find a way.
Assange is stuck inside an embassy. What he has access to and how is pretty well controlled.
Ugh... Juuuuliann
He doesn’t even shower!!! I would kick his stinky behind to the curb
No more internet for Julian Assange.
Good one...life imitates art then art imitates life again.
That is sooo not like him.
He may go insane(r) without that internet.

Aw! What about his xbox?
NO MORE FUCKIN PORN?!?!
Lol
