They solve this but can’t impeach trump quickly 
Yeah it never happens so quickly but you get the joke right 
But it's cool.
I just saw that guy last week at Macy’s.
Well this Egyptologist thinks it was (hi Stephen :-) )
That's exciting, but if Trump finds out the FBI is working on behalf of  science...oh wait, he doesn't watch CNN!
Until this guy died Michael Cohen had 4 clients.
Yes. They are busy finding out who paid off a porn star.
Dear Stephen,
I believe they desperately need a break from the Orange Disaster cases... just like all of us...and I really mean all of us, the whole wide world...but keep up your fantastic show!
Actually, this is pretty awesome. Imagine being able to identify people's remains more accurately with less information. Maybe we can get those rape kits tested now?
Y’all know this was that one guy in the basement who they make fun of all the time but he’s the only one actually solving things so they were like “look. Look what Us-The WHOLE FBI- has accomplished! Wow!” And the guy in the basement is like
I didn’t know that the FBI had an archeology department.
Oh yeah? Turns out it's Ameilia Earhart's DNA, and it proves she's one of my MIchael Cohen's clients.
This is great
Hoping they put Trump in prison before he is 4,000 years old.
I had to scroll pretty far down to find the obligatory DB Cooper,  Amelia Earhart & Jimmy Hoffa references.  Oh and it was MOLDer and Scully (mummies are moldy, get it?)
Thats keeping your eye on the ball....
Well that about wraps up the case.
They are officially “On Notice!”
But they couldn’t identify the Florida shooter from his YouTube page?
Ask Comey if this is why he didn't announce he was investigating *45 prior to the election...more pressing matters.
Love yer profile pic
Walking and chewing gum, my man, walking and chewing gum
Trump has already issued a statement that the severed mummy head only brought him coffee.
It’s still interesting
Come on! This is legit awesome.

Yes to do list is to finish the Hillary investigating, and stop the Witch Hunt on our President.
So I guess that's how the FBI procrastinates.
Far more important and interesting than the dumb shit people in the US bicker about against one another.
 yeah everybody knows they don't do their job unless its something that pulls in extra cash that they get to keep
Right, or we are waiting for the Inspector General 
I'm sure the people qualified to do this work are not essential to Mueller's investigation. 

Yeah, here's the blanket, get me some water ...
They found King Tut’s penis?!!!!????!?
#deadguysmatter
Your the man!
Let,s give them a break. This old orange guy might actually have something worthwhile to offer.
Nah it is this dude literally died waiting
On behalf of the Egyptian Americans I thanked the FBI twice today, the second one was for @Comey
Cold Case!
Mueller is that good.
But the Inspector General is better 
Definitely a  cold case 

Jenkies!
In related news, the mummy becomes the newest Cabinet member in the Trump administration.
Frank and Joe Hardy, FBI
Brrrrrruuuuuhhhhhh

Facts.... come on ppl
They’re allowed to multi-task!  People need hobbies!
come on steve you know cold cases take first priority!!!
It’s really @SenMajLdr
Thanks Obama
That's not exactly a fair assessment. The FBI is, and should be, constantly working to improve forensic science and investigative techniques. That is what they did here.

"the #FBI saw the mummified head as an opportunity to practice extracting #DNA from contaminated materials."
Cold case?
"Wait, whats this under the bandages? Its...its a VHS tape?"
Still proves they never give up. Comforting.
ohh i guess it helps too that they knew the identity of the occupants of the tomb it was found in, so unless there was a huge ancient mix up then it'd be one or the other :-)
Seriously.
Glad to see that the X-files are still getting the love they deserve.
I also like to distract myself with random projects when I am avoiding work I don't want to do.
. MUMMY HUNT!
Was the mummy at that meeting with Don Jr. and the Russians too?
What a relief for the family.
Team has to unwind somehow!
I see Rupert Murdoch has a nice tan there.
Plus, Huckle Cat & his pals already solved this case years ago. #RichardScarry
But a heck of a lot more fun

Is that your mother Steven?
At first I was not sure what you meant but then I read article description and realized it was not, in fact, about Trump. The picture threw me off.
Should have left that mystery for those meddling teenagers.
They’re backlogged.
There’s 35,000 FBI agents. They can’t all be arresting Trump affiliates.
Did they determine it was Mike Pence?
Unless the tRump creature sheds its skin & it is the mummy. Mueller may have found more than he was ready for.
But it's the head of an old man detached from its spine.
The FBI had to make sure it didn't belong to a Congressman.
there's probably a certain appeal to working on it...less risky career-wise
the acient ayrans did it

Speak for yourself, Stephen.
Next on the list Where’s Waldo and Scooby Doo where are you?

Maybe there was a Russian connexion.
In fairness, they ARE focusing on a shriveled, soulless husk of a human being, so I’d say they’re right on point.
FBI = FAR Back Intelligence
Yall best be solving Pac's murder too while you at it
Is there nothing the FBI can't do ?
Yes !!! THEY STILL HAVEN’T FOUND KING TUT’S PENIS !!!
The FBI has THOUSANDS OF EMPLOYEES. Don't be a Troll Stephen.! Love your show. So please, don't make me tune you out TOO.
That mummy looks sad. He deserves justice, dang it.
I’M INTO IT THOUGH #mummymystery
they used it as practice for developing procedures for actual crime cases. please.
Let’s hope they aren’t working chronologically
Not like they can get a swab of Trump's mouth to see if he was in fact being used as Putin's  holster...
You know when you’ve got that huge final research paper due that haven’t even started, but you’ve also been meaning to organize your makeup? Dude, they totally chose their makeup.

talk about cold case


But this wasn’t just ANY old mummy, it was a governor mummy. A male one, at that. I’m pretty sure the government loves its male politicians, even mummified ones. Very important stuff. Top priority.

Great...we’ll finally know the truth about the JFK assassination and the Trump Russia collusion in only about 5,000 years!
Hey, they need breaks sometimes too.
Yeah, but you gotta love the science
May be they can help to find who killed king TUT
Sounds like Temperance Brennan is still working with Seely Booth.
Mummies don’t tweet!
Scooby doo and the gang need to solve the mystery at the WH.
That is the CIA's job!
Why i do believe that's Trump without the makeup, the FBI needs all the facts they can get
They are digging for Magick artifacts to further enhance their illuminati agenda #conspiracy
Yes, but did you know this mummy is Cohen’s FOURTH mystery client?!!
Straight up @TheOnion headline.
It’s the extremely cold case division.
STEPHEN!!!  YOUR to do list.  ON MINE!!! I love mummies. Don't be a bully.

Yeah!  Go find Tut's dick!
Ugh, did Trump watch the Egyptian get peed on too?
it’s fucked up how there are only seven people working at the FBI and they all got assigned to the mummy case
It was really the work of the Librarians, they actually handled this particular case so it’s ok.
That mummy was at the meeting in the Seychelles and has ties to Russian oligarchs.
THink of it as a maintain mental health project  plus they can compare th evolution of this brain to Trump's to determine if he is fit to "rule"
DO NOT CONGRATULATE
BREAKING: Trump Pardons Mummy, Retains For Counsel
Easier to solve than the trump case apparently
I'm not sure of the need for the FBI to investigate this ... but I'm pretty sure Trump will claim it was a conspiracy between Obama and Hillary.
To be fair, it's a different department. Besides, wouldn't you want a 4000 year old decapitated head distraction if you were in their shoes? This one won't even tweet back at them.
it's called multi-tasking
Bit of a cold case
it was ancient, bro. they put it off long enough
Yes but Stephen it does show the FBI   takes whatever time is necessary to get to the truth. Based on this it will be another 4000 years when they will finally get to the truth about Trump which will be a glorious day for mankind
One case at a time Stephen...
Finally!! I can take a crap knowing the mystery is solved.
While you at it , and don’t seem to be swamped can you find out , who killed Tupac ??
Any luck catching that DB Cooper guy?
Yep it’s a mummy
Imagine. An organization that can multi-task
Yes, they CAN multi-task, but they suck at it.
Good job Bones.
technically they're a few thousand years overdue on this one
HE’S WAITED LONG ENOUGH STEPHEN
So It will take FBI 4000 years to investigate Trump?
That mummy’s family thinks differently!
baby steps
Shows what YOU know-that is the technique they will be using on @POTUS

bloody hell donalds melting
But it could solve a lot of mysteries.
What? Haven’t you heard about the mummy who was pressed for time?
But it was way overdue and skewing their averages #math #bearsLovemath
<3 very cool
The mummy was also a client of Cohen
Looks like Cillizza
This reminds me uncannily of an old Soviet joke... @SevaUT
скажи
no no, they do need to clear out a backlog of some really old cases.

I'm pretty sure this one required Mulder and Scully to solve it, it's their kind of gig anyway.
They can't all be fucking up Trump's day Stephen. They have to draw straws.
Let’s be patient.. it might have something to do with current events/investigations.

Crawls me back to my rock I will
Kinda looks like you
Feels so good to check a box for a change, though
I thought they found Giuliani.

Still pretty cool tho. 
I thought so too.  Good to have your stronger voice say so.  Sign of a very large work force and huge budget.
Ramesses II: Fake news, a total disgrace
Was this before or after they found Tom Brady's missing shirt?
Cohen’s first client!
Was he also a client of @realDonaldTrump 's lawyer?
I agree but because John Oliver experimented/demonstrated with raising his voice whenever he saw capital letters,couldn't help but chuckle. So grateful to all you late night comedians as well as others who've made me laugh these past few traumatic years.
Looks more like Stephen Colbert  in the morning before he puts on his glasses

Can you imagine being the guy stuck on the mummy case while your coworkers are investigating POTUS. “How’s the case going Steve, got it under wraps?”
(silently thinking)  I KNEW we shoulda turned left at the Sphinx
Talk about being tied up
I'm looking at that photo and thinking "Wow, The Mooch has really let himself go."
He and tRump obviously use the same makeup artist.
One mummy at the time I see I hope #TrumpRussia doesn't take you as long to solve
Just a welcome break from chasing crooks all day
They'll have the Mueller probe wrapped up just in time for the 6020 elections.
Hey - everyone needs a break once in a while... they're probably having Rump nightmares...
No shit, Sherlock. Who got the Cheeto into office. Now that’s a mystery.
They found that missing "Fuller Brush Man"
Mystery solved.   Wtf
Mummy looks so sad. Another politician fallen from grace.
It’s still really cool, though. 
@lshapiro30 hello ,Steven how have you been ? I've missed your show .. I'm so serious when i say I working on my to do list so I can't get out of this Nightmare alive! Hopefully. Threats never stop. Smears never stop. Such is life. I'm alive and grateful #Metoo
When the FBI says “shit! We need a win!” And heads for the cold cases...
Mistaken identity.  They thought that was Kellyanne Conway.
Well I'm glad to see that case wrapped up.
To be fair, it's the only thing @FBI is allowed to investigate these days, without being fired.
appears to be the look of what little viewers you have ..
But you can't keep putting stuff off forever!
Never mind mummies, what about nannies?
SEAN HANNITY= A SHITE NANNY 
Considering the shite job he’s doing looking after Trump, there’s another mystery solved.
Or, do they have him in the bag? And the rest is just paperwork?
Worst mummy in fbi history(not smart)Definitely colluded, lies lies lies (chicken pies)
I wrote a nerdy and pedantic rebuttal to this joke, but it made me sound like an asshole so I deleted it. Keep kicking ass, Colbert.
I'm thankful that the FBI is working chronologically to fix every case ever. Next on the list:

-Finding out who killed the Neanderthals.
-Deciphering the ancient writing of the Minoans.
-Understanding the purpose of the Nasca lines.
-Figuring out how Napoleon died. 

#ThanksFBI
Shouldn't they be "wrapped" up elsewhere?
You say that, but think of how long this mummy's family had to wait for closure.
One less cold case file, I can sleep now
Now it is.
They probably have to solve **other** cases to keep up their detective credentials!
Don’t be so judgy! #Sarcasm
Did the people who kept my possessions ,keep my Upper Pulled teeth in a jar? I was going to get implants form a dentist friend..My nerves where hurting .
My bridge up top shrank .I got so tiny..size 3
They can multitask.
