I know he's just being an ass, but he does raise a good point. Someone needs to make a shortened  list of only essential movies, for people who who aren't as dedicated.
Say no more.
They still listed like 14 movies lol
Lol, some even 18 or 19. But tbf, for hardcore fans, all of them are mandatory viewing experience.
Iron man, Incred' Hulk, IM2, Thor, Captain America, Avengers, IM3, Thor Dark World, Capt Am' Winter Soldier, Guardians o/t Galaxy, Avgrs-Age/Ultron, Ant man, Capt Am' Civil War, Go/tG vol2, Spiderman Homecoming, Thor Ragnarok, Black Panther.
There's 18-Did I get the order right?
Correction , 19....
I forgot Dr Strange.
Spot on. with Dr Strange slotting in right after Civil War.
Apparent chronological order:

CA Avenger
IM
IM2
Incredible Hulk
Thor
Avengers
IM3
Thor Dark World
CA Winter Soldier
GotG
GoTG V2
Age of Ultron
AntMan
CA: Civil War
Black Panther
Dr Strange
Thor Ragnarok
Spider-Man Homecoming
Avengers Infinity War

Source:
No.  It’s just a dark and depressing movie that you leave feeling as if your life has no meaning.
If you don't watch Catwoman and Batman and Robin you will be totally lost.
No.
Which 17?

Yep.
My son refused to go see Infinity War with me tomorrow.  He hasn't seen Ragnarock or Black Panther yet.  For the sake of continuity.  You will probably understand, just won't get some of the references. He is just stubborn.
I'm not even lying I had this exact question. I wasn't able to see black panther in theaters and I want to see avengers but have no idea if I'll be missing anything from the build up.
No. Stay home. You are not ready.
I'm scared to see Infinity Wars....sound like a long movie... T-Plus 3 hours... end already!
Too funny but so true!
I was about to buy avenger tix but switched to #GuernseyLiterary fewer explosions but it did feature Nazi’s- a fine film about books not the comic book type.
You’ll be fine, I didn’t watch The Incredible Hulk either.
But does that one even count for anything?
It’s technically part of the MCU but aside from a throwaway line in Avengers 1 and Gen Ross coming back for a few appearances in Phase 3 none of the other movies ever bring it up
Exactly! And you can understand who Ross is within the MCU if you watch the end credit scene
Hence the name Infinity
Even my son who is a Marvel junkie said there are almost too many characters to keep track of 
had  Crazy Dream  and the Presidents Of Both  Korea’s were at this Temple on LSD     Grass was green .they were holding hands and skipping around like little girls ..throwing each other Kisses  and dancing Ballet .. come on. man I’m smoking Legal.  Vegas  Weed Tripping
I’m waiting for Avengers; Taint Team.
The 18th really explains it all
Yes. Yes you will. I haven't seen all 17 movies & I understood it just fine. That was NOT me asking Son 2, "That's Black Panther, right?" Ahem. Also, Capt. America has a beard. That confused me more than anything else until I figured out who he was when Black Widow came onscreen.
Hahaha u made me lol in a punlic place, Laura 
Nope.
I doubt it Ihave seen them all as have 13 year old grandson (whose more into Star Wars but he does like Scarlett Johanssen but not withblondhair; he was pissed) I was getting lost and have seen many of them several times
Yep!
TBH, it's a lot like jumping into a long running book series.
No
@StephenAtHome

"DREAD IT...
Run from it...
Destiny still remains"
Yes!!
Iron man, Incred' Hulk, IM2, Thor, Captain America, Avengers, IM3, Thor Dark World, Capt Am' Winter Soldier, Guardians o/t Galaxy, Avgrs-Age/Ultron, Ant man, Capt Am' Civil War, Go/tG vol2, Spiderman Homecoming, Thor Ragnarok, Black Panther.
There's 18(Did I get the order right?)
Correction 19 ... I forgot Dr Strange...
I’m afraid to see it. My daughter said she is now looking for a good therapist. Does Hemsworth take his shirt off again? That might cancel out the sadness.
No shirtless scene, but one scene does focus on his lovely arms.
No way!!! 
... Nah.
No.
*grin*
No, though having an 11-year old next to you as I did helped. (To clarify - this was my son, not a random 11-year old, that would be creepy)

Nope not in the least lol 
Why is Black Panther not being released on DVD for a few more weeks?? I haven’t seen it and want to go see Infinity Wars in theaters after I watch Black Panther.
You will be fine without all those movies ...
No.  Not even if you saw all 18 movies 4 times.  Thick is thick
Just a bit
You gotta watch at least 17 1/2 to fully get it!
Yes and No. AVENGERS Infinity War stands on its own..but, if you aren't familiar with the characters & what they represent,  you'll be  lost. Then,
If you hadn't watched THE BLACK PANTHER,  you wouldn't understand why the fight was taken to WAKANDA.
Yes
It helps if you're Infinity Stoned.
Only required films to see are RDJ's film catalogue... because the real Marvel is Downey's agent for resurrecting his career so many times.  Seriously the guy is a frickin superhero.  He could bring Thanos back to earth, smooth the bad press, and get him a three picture deal...
well it's still gon' be a bit tricky 
Both Avengers movies I bet would be plenty for most casuals but I'm still waiting for the stream version to watch it
Well, if you missed Black Panther you’ll be a little confused about Wakanda
@MoviePassMatt
Lmao I saw this the other day. Fantastic tweet
Yes but you might be confused at the scene where spiderman just starts laying eggs for no reason.
Yes. I only saw 17, but I recommend not seeing it until April 2019 in your home with a bottle of Jack or your fav Carolina 'shine #ThanosDemandsYourSilence
I hadn't watched the first 2 Thor fims or Dr Strange or GOTG 2

I guess Dead Pool is not considered an Avenger but is part of the Marvel Universe.
What if the only one you have ever seen is whichever Hulk movie has Jennifer Connelly in it because she's HOT?!?
These are the essential 9:

1) Captain America: The First Avenger
2) The Avengers
3) Thor: The Dark World
4) Guardians of The Galaxy Vol. 1
5) Avengers: Age of Ultron
6) Captain America: Civil War
7) Doctor Strange
8) Thor: Ragnarok
9) Black Panther

There you go 
You'll just have to take that chance
Umm no
It really won't matter. The storytelling is thin. Even having seen most of the earlier films, I need a scorecard to keep track of the cast of thousands. Like Spidey said, 'sorry I forgot your name'
@TheBiggestTiger
Lol. Seriously, I started my daughter at Winter Soldier because it’s my favorite.
Maybe
No
I've seen your show, understanding doesn't seem to be your forte
It's not mandatory to see it at all.
Damn sure you will 
This is my problem with these big-universe-movies: I enjoy the occasional superhero flick, but I don't want to have seen 40 hours of content to "get the most out of this movie". It's honestly off-putting for me. All based on reference and interaction - everything is a sequel.
It’s not about understanding it’s about the journey and relationships you have with each character.
the problem will come only  with the post credit scene .
Only if you are a demigod. ..
Depends. Have you seen Ghost Rider?
A 50 year old at the nursing home slipped on a banana peel and they gave her 18 vicodin a day and now she has tourettes and she pinches people's asses. But she knows what she's doing.
I believe you can still appreciate the movie as a standalone. Ay least my mother thinks so. She hadn't watched any other movie except for Iron Man 1.
// @alamodrafthouse pre show entertainment has a brief description of the previous movies and how they played into Infinity War
Not sure, but in your version of the infinity superhero mashup you tossed in The superhero Santa Claus from my favorite movie! Santa Claus Conquers The Martians. I mean, dude, I’d know those bubbles anywhere...
I didn't get it either..
You don’t have to see all of them. Iron man 1,2 and 3
Captain America 1,2 and 3
Avengers 1 &2
Guardian of the galaxy 1&2
Dr strange 
11
No
No
Will i understand infinity war if i have not seen any of avenger movies ?
Yes!
nah, you should watch all 69
You may
These are the key movies to watch before seeing #InfinityWar:

Cap  First Avenger, 
Winter Soldier + Civil War
Guardians of the Galaxy + vol 2
Doctor Strange
Black Panther
Thor Dark World and Ragnarok
Mild #infintywar Spoiler: Captain America First Avenger introduces the first Infinity Stone (Space Stone, the Tesseract) + the keeper of the Soul Stone.
read the book infinity gauntlet, go to a comic store
No, you might have to watch it again just to be sure
Watch the inifinity war you will eventually watch all those 17
Bet he missed Black Panther.
No, no you will not
IM UP ON EVERYTHING THAT INCLUDES THE NETFLIX TV SHOWS AND AGENTS OD SHIELD
Probably not.
Actually u only need to watch gotgv2, dr strange, black panther, civil war, and Thor raganrok

Yes but bring tissues and get alcohol

To be honest, it would help. Every single one of them is referenced in this movie.
This is ur guide
Since the bare minimum is Civil War, Guardians 2, Dr. Strange, Ragnarok & Black Panther you should be good.
Not you. You'll need someone to read it to you
Depends on which one you missed. If it was Incredible Hulk, you’re good to go.
Sure. Just know that Thanos is a mixture of The Grimace, The Rock, and Planned Parenthood.

#AvengersInfinityWar #InfinityWar #Avengers #Marvel #WHCD #MAGA
The question is, which 17 have you seen?
Just as long as you saw Infinity Sanctions, Infinity Negotiations, and Infinity Twitter Feud, you’ll be fine!
Maybe?
I already went to see it and, depending on what you have seen
No.
They make a Thor 2 reference that’ll go over your head if you don’t know anything about the Dark Elves. Maybe I was just imagining that one.
@MauraMcDonough
Hahaha get home!!!
The movie was Amazing!!! So emotional and engaging the whole time! Wow.  Love it!!! Best movie of the year, more than a super hero movie!
All you have to know is that Batman dies
Like a comic crossover event, seeing it out of context makes no sense. I mean this as a huge compliment.
#InfinityWar
If you've seen a few of them, you might enjoy it. This movie was definitely more of an event that you'll enjoy a lot more if you've seen most of the movies.
Yes
I miss Letterman.
I went with my 14 yr old daughter, who I share a nerd-bond with and kept having to lean over and whisper "who's that?" "is that Captain America? Where's his shield? He's got a beard now?" "What happened to Thor? Where's his hammer?" Lost a few nerd points that day
In my opinion you can skip these: Iron Man 2 / Incredible Hulk / Captain America - Winter Soldier / Guardians of the Galaxy vol.2 / Ant Man / Spider-Man Homecoming. These do not have strong ties or links or Easter eggs that require their viewing.
No.  You will not.   Scratch it off your list.
Yeah I think you'll be alright lol
Not a whole lot to ‘get’.
Bad guy wants stones to do bad things.
Good guys want to stop bad guy from getting stones so bad guy can’t do bad things.
Bad guy gets stones.
Good guys say, “We’re screwed.”
Cut to Credits and the wait for the next film.
Yes
Maybe at some point you'll stop being a loud mouth, sell out twit and actually run your mouth at these people to their faces ;)
Saw this floating around online
Stick to hobbits, nerd!

PS I love you, Stephen.
No
NOOOOOOOO
of course not 
Is your IQ over 79?
Don’t ask me!
You’ll be fine at 17. But if only sixteen, watch out.
Nope. There's at least 72 comics--or 12 bound volumes--you gotta read too. Get reading.
You asked.
no
You will be fine.  They explain it enough.
No
Definitely.  But as @MisterSniffen put it - you’ll never truly be ready.
Are you ready for INFINITY WAR? [No. You will never be truly ready for Infinity War.]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5EhbvWtHQg …
You need to see The Dark Knight and Batman vs. Superman at minimum.  Green Lantern helps.
Unfortunately yes
Mostly the first 2 Avengers movies and The Guardians Of The Galixys movies
Ish - I saw about 12 there were some questions but I didn’t care- till the after credit scene. Still confused.
But will you get the second ending? Spoiler alert....calling Captain Marvel!
Yes...
No.
no, just average intelligence. oh well, you’re out

That's my dilema, where do I start? Lol
Maybe not
About as much as watching Return of the King if you’ve seen Fellowship & Two Towers but haven’t read The Silmarillion.
Whatever you do, don’t read this:
Hi.  Can we ask for proof of Ronny Jackson’s oops moments?  Is the navy sticking to the standard old boys network of protecting their own? Explain why the Obamas gave him an A+ if the problems occurred on duty? Inquiring minds truly want to know?
@CNN    Also. Re Pruitt.   Tell me if you had a beautiful soundproof luxury garage being built in your home wouldn’t you want to know who will be paying for it, and how?
And: is it something Trump started while I took a nap today?
what is I.w.
To mess with my kids, I ask them to explain it, over and over.
No
Nahh bro don't even bother going to see it :/
Iron Man after the Infinity War
It’s only 17 other movies...  I feel the pain as well.
Yes.
If you ever do, can you explain Westworld to US too? How much time are we expected to invest in "cerebral recreation" now? My weekends are broken up more by committing to stand. Hate when corruption happens!
Yes. Skip Ironman two and ant man
@GrnEggsNHamric
Depends on which one you missed. #InfinityWar
18 movies, the Incredible Hulk with ed Norton. Don’t worry pretty much everyone else forgot about that one too
That would be exactly like watching the Justice League Movie...
What did you miss?
I did not...
(((( DARE DEVIL!! Hello?!! ))))

"MARVEL INFINITY WAR: BATTLE IN THE CEREAL AISLE" 
@jameszale
depends on which 17
No.
Probably not honestly
No. You have to see them all consecutively sans potty breaks.
Wait, there are previous ones?
I am still disappointed and baffled at the ending despite having seen all the previous films.
It’s like the WWE, the backstory enriches thd fighting but doesn’t really change the outcome.
Depends on which ones...
Lol. Yeah.
Avengers, Age Of Ultron, Civil War, Doctor Strange, Thor Ragnarok
DUH! It is called "Infinity War" -- you must invest infinite time and resources into all of its predecessors and then into psychoanalyzing the writer and director. Then you have to watch all "The Matrix" including web episodes & pass a test on "Inception."
@AI_Rampant
I'm a @MarvelStudios fan...I've seen all of them and STILL NOT understand Infinity War...I literally left the theater thinking "What the hell did I just watched?"
I’ve watched all the movies except Thor 2, and iron man 3
@PrestonKeldgord
Yus
What? You have to watch the previous installments of a series to fully understand the sequel? Whoa lol
Your first mistake is thinking it’s a sequel.
   
Mostly.
It’s Last Year at Marienbad meets the crystals-that-could-rule-the-world subplot of General Hospital circa early ‘90s. You’ll be fine.
You mean Mission Accomplished? Lmao
That’s the INFINITY WAR.
No... probably not
No

Yes.
This is an excellent recap.
No, and only a plebe would ask.
You have a 3’ video on YouTube with the explanation
I'm sorry no
Yes.  You can also read the Infinity War trade and that should throw some light into the matter.
Not if the 1 missing flick's "Thor: Ragnarok" (if this wasn't a sarcastic question) 
I hadn't seen all of the movies and this helped me big time https://www.cnn.com/interactive/2018/04/entertainment/marvel-infinitywar-timeline/ …  there are NO spoilers in it!! Saw the movie this morning and LOVED IT!!!
Nope. Left completely perplexed and I have seen the last 17, at least 3 times. As long as no one hurt @ChrisEvans we are all good.
Agreed, but I fear for next year’s conclusion.
No
That Hulk movie does not exist.
