I realize the forest elf queen is very powerful and wise etc etc but technically isn't her ring still evil, forged by Sauron? Is she really trustworthy?
what does this lotr reference refer to?
The ring is destroyed one the 25th Of March.
thanks!
smh
I enjoyed watching your afternoon with Jerry Seinfeld on 'Comedians in Cars  Getting Coffee'...
Sauron, your mama has cataracts!
Who's the bigger nerd: Stephen for tweeting this or me for knowing exactly why he did?

Yeah, it's him.
Pls explain, one nerd to another

The Ring is Destroyed 
Woooooooooow
We can all merely aspire to Stephen's Tolkien nerditry.
*nerdery
Nerdiness.
Nerdosity
Okay Stephen...I’m 69 years old with 2 broken ribs and I laughed soooo hard at your monologues all day and think I broke the ribs more! Might have to sue you for belly laughing damage!
Ever wonder if raj shah and Sarah Saunders are one and the same?

Yeah
Bad enough to have fake news, now we have fake comedy too.

You're 8 days late! Everyone knows that Middle Earth used the Julian calendar. JK, I haven't the foggiest.
change your profile pic
Says the green with envy arsehole on twitter with one follower and no life
Mr. Colbert, will you be attending the Tolkein Society 50th Anniversary gathering in Birmingham next year? I would love to see you interacting with other Tolkein geeks, like me!
Take that Stephen - Shill.
Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
Who is, Sauron?
Watch the Lord Of The Rings!


I don’t even wanna picture the kind of ring this Sauron wears...
Don't know Sauron, but I am sure heshe deserved it !                
Now is this a reference to the ring being destroyed or to the Stormy Daniels interview? Hopefully both. Hopefully the same result. The destruction of an evil orange/red thing.
Praise them with great praise.
Sauron, like Darth Vader, wants nothing to do with this.  It's too incompetent.  And too pointless.  It's too cartoon villain for either of them, and that's saying something.
@joeygagne15
It’s also my wedding anniversary! 
Coincidence hmmmm
@nstachen
My precioussssss @StephenAtHome
Do you always talk to yourself?
Please get Trevor Potter on your show!
FRODO FAILED
Sauron was a dick. Nerds are cool now anyways.
“His arm has grown long”... except the hand at the end of it is reeeealy tiny.
I love it when Luthien and Sauron have a rap battle. Sauron gets served and turns into a vampire and flies away. Awesome.
what are you doing for Elessar’s coronation on May Day?
Wow Stephen, those are some deep need cuts
You beautiful nerd
Happy Cormarë!
@uptalkintolkien Please guys get an interview with @StephenAtHome
We’ll need to work on this!!!
Stephen talking LOTR.... nice.  I love when Stephen talks LOTR on his show.
And a Happy (Middle Earth) New Year to you as well!
Rick Santorum needs to be on the show !
Happy Stormy day!! 
I think the magnitude of his folly just hit him.
In your face Sauron!!
I assume @StephenAtHome follows @ShireReckoningW.
Take that, Sauron!
"Take that, Sauron!"

You tell him, Steve!
You found the ring?
He is still running Newscorpse
You sully the name of the Dark Lord. There will be recompense.
Boring boring boring can you stay Colbert boring
Melania's probably going to have to toss her ring into Mt. Doom to rid herself of the evil spirit of Sauron, too.
I thought this was a Duke basketball reference.
i've enjoyed this thread very much...now onto reality #60Minutes
Anytime football messes with Colbert's start time, I go nuts. When NASCAR delays Family Guy I want to cry......this Stormy delay for basketball is almost too much for me to handle.
Cracks of Doom
Melkor is watching you!!!
I see you were just as excited by today’s events as I was. 
Don't rub it in!
I love you for this  (um, not in a weird or creepy stalker way, just in a fandom-friendly way )
Now if only Turin Turambar could get rid of Melkor too. Then there would be no problems.
Nerd, ass, socialist...whatever.
Ne Kulturi

You are the MASTER of projection


But the One Ring!!
Anyone else find it weird that trump tweeted about 'Happy Greek Independence Day' on the same day as the Stormy Daniels interview?...
Lmfao
You. Shall. Not. Pass!!
And a happy Feast of the Annunciation to you, too!

Lol!
Check out our episode on Sauron!
Celebrimbor was so stupid I can’t believe it.
What's Fukkin Tolkein got to do with anything?
I just pictured Marco Rubio saying "my precious!!" in Gollum's voice.
NEEEEEEEEEEEEERD!
You were a lot better on the colbert report.

Anyone else gonna second screen her best starring performances?

Asking for a friend.
What are you talking about!?!?
A triumphant moment, indeed!

I watch Lord of The Rings way too often as well.
Damn..i thought Trump got indicted

Please be the same as what i'm thinking which is that Saudi Arabia building looking like Sauron tower
She SHALL pass....

If she wants.

I dunno, leave me Alone.
Can I just say I love you?
Oh my god Stephen you would
This is one strange pic I found
I swear you people are friggin a bunch of Darth Mauls, literally
Fuckin' Sauron...I HATE that guy
Except he's Gollum.
You were conspicuously absent last Friday. What were you up to?
CBS plays the basketball tournament
And wouldn’t you know it, they’ve gone into overtime.
Evergreen tweet
Are you at Cheesecake Factory??
I want to know what is happening. beep boop beet bood beep boop
You’re so funny EVERY day! Go watch the end of the Duke game !
HUZZAH! Happy anniversary of the fall of Barad-dur!!!!

Colbert 2020
No.  No more celebrities.
Sauron will not be pleased!
Come on here! Don't you think you're being a bit harsh on Sauron‽ Likening him to trump?
-dc
#ITMFA!
wow what a nerd
“Leveled.”
Or “razed”, for those who can appreciate French.
What did you do to the flaming orange abomination?!


That or he is pissing on himself
Dude! Uh, spoilers?!

Hilarious! These never get old
