"Love child" just seems like the wrong term to use for any Trump offspring.
Is that Little Pickle that Sarah H Sanders was talking about?
could be
@BrettDBurger
And the entire apartment complex heard me cackle.
Actually Stephen his love child would now be around 35. He would probably ask her out.
Too old
Yet he still seems to have a thing for Ivanka.
HELLO, I NEED LEGAL ADVICE.
YOU'RE not my child!  A new book by Seuss.
“Jimmy Kimmel is pervert!”

-Sean Hannity
“Obama!!!!!!”

You are a very disrespectful man! No one in our family, or friends will watch you anymore. Don't  you all know that people make things up to hurt Trump.


I think he's yelling, "Get off my lawn!!"
Hey Stephenm, why did Trump change razors to the Schick Hydro Silk?  ....  He saw the Laura Croft style commercial and thought he was getting away with another grope.
That's a good one.
K¿
I need to know the kid’s response please don’t tell me he said Yes sir!!!

Bwahahahaha
LMAO!!!!!!!!!!

He looks so shocked it's not a Mexican
Hispanics are not necessarily orange. Orange is the New stupid
You are a voice to only one side.  No matter who was elected in 2016. My vote on watching tv and elections come from how I am affected.  My entire family votes the same way.  We listen to both sides!  Until your voice looks at both sides, our tv is silent to your show.
No, I don't think he's a bot. His statement is well-reasoned and justified; no anger or bitterness, just his opinion. I love Colbert's show, but completely respect why you don't.
Visit http://liarcomey.com  to piss off Republicans.
Omg love, thanks for the link!
Lol- for what crime? Having a quickly with a pornnstar? 
Learn how to spell, bot.
Lol

"Can I see how big your hands are? No reason."

Shiny mountain man hair, now with more bounce!
No he is thanking the young man for mowing!!!!

TskTskTsk ... I can still remember the good ole days when Colbert was still slightly amusing & relevant. How old is this? 2 years old? Jan 21 2017? Maybe?

#MAGA #TrumpPlane2020
USA, 
#AntiAmericanSentiment
#LiberalCultistMoronsSuck
I know
Any family resemblance?  

38 colbert comedy writers cam up with this? the best of the best? this just proves even the mostly highly paid leftists can't meme.
What world do you live in? OK, the world of Denile. LOL

Lord watch over us! Deliver us from this pending and existing disaster.
X tl
I definitely see a family resemblance!


Look how well the nation is doing in jobs, stock market and other things. Better than Hillary
Only because of Obama's fixing of the banking mess created by the dollar hungry Republicans.
You are the lowest class chit i know.
We all hate Trump, but is it really necessary to accuse him of being a pedophile?
Yes sir and I am cutting your grass in the hope you will cut your crap.

Shame on you. As a former Catholic you should know how sinful these actions you are making. Plus u can reach so many people and causing them to sin too? Maybe you should really evaluate your life.

Omg will we ever know?
Now that’s funny 

* I allegedly paid a doorman! Allegedly!
Youre meant to be funny, right? Sad.
Wonder what his wife thinks this makes 3 & 1 child that has came out after being scared to death I am glad they are talking now someone will realize he is the snake that crawled off that Hollywood Access bus. Now That's SLIME @realDonaldTrump
Imagine in a few years discovering you were adopted just when Trump was paying people off - you'd be terrified to seek your parents just in case.
HAHAHAHAH 

Hahahaha!!
its was more or "work harder you brat" reaction coming from him
You are the inspiration to my tweets @StephenAtHome

WTF
NO! IT'S  HOPE HICKS!
Sad that this kid wishing to mow the white house lawn is a parody and a meme. You people need to find a new hobby
With the border wall complete, the US turns to underage labor
Maybe Bill is your daddy

@Suzanne89512 which is the distraction? Syria or the Love Child
Syria is the distraction and an attempt to save face and legitimize his "smart" tweet.
Lmfao
Ok can ppl shut up about Trump. Like it or not, he president. Your just gonna hafta live with it.
He's still the President and will be until 2025. Until then, continue shouting. Who knows, may do good for your lungs. 
You and your 46,000 Likes (low life Followers ) should keep the kid out of your simpleton quality comedy.
And there is a lawsuit..... gonna cost ya Colbert
Colbert, Fuq off.
Stephen, thank you for making everything easier to digest through humor. You've saved us from many anxiety filled nights! #ihaveacrushonstephencolbert
I know it's an actual nice gesture for a  kid, but I'm sure the groundskeeper loved having the lawn butchered like that! Surprised Trump didn't give him a weed whacker to take out Michelle's garden instead! Not like he has seen a vegetable to know what a garden is. Sad!
"But I told you: Make the lawn GREAT AGAIN, not cut it !"
"I thought I told you kids to get off my lawn!"

"Once you've finished the lawn I have a wall that needs building!"





Made my day 
don't be ridiculous, if it was @realDonaldTrump s kid he would be sitting on his butt  building a Lego wall while watching some poor Mexican kid cut the grass
Poor kid.
Aloha 
Someone show that kid how to cut clean lines for god sake
He's doing productive work so he can't be your son.
Wow
What's love got to do with it?
The secret love child is in Siberia.
Poor kid
Really, Stevie? A DOORMAN? C'mon, bro!
Looks like another contractor is not getting paid.
You should know
Lmao
Why don’t u just stop!!!! Give it up. U going to cry because the crook Hiliary didn’t win? U need to go
I hope you don't think I'm actually gonna pay you, serf-boy.
I wish there were more Trump jokes... not getting old or anything.
Lmfao!!!
Funnny
Of all the children having to be kept hid and it was @Erictrump? Poor choices you’ve made in your whole life.
Love  Child or not! My guess is when the kid finished mowing, Trump told him what a terrible job he did and refused to pay him!
As always, not helpful. Hasn’t this kid been through enough.
Ppppfffttt ! He would be much older....happened in the 80’s ... Eric trump perhaps? 

Damnit Stephen, I remember when you used to be the funnniest guy on TV  #graspingatstrawafterstrawafterstraw
Bwhahahaha. You are the worst. I love it.
This is totally the plot to the Adam Sandler Mr. Deeds.
I bet Trump is a lousy tipper too.
there's a movie about this called MAID IN MANHATTAN .. I swear
Well...they did say it was his housekeepers.

Must be. Child is wearing a red shirt inviting Trump’s wrath :)
"I want to see straight lines. Beautiful, long straight lines. Your lines are a disaster." -- @realDonaldTrump
Knock it off, the kid is actually doing something constructive instead of playing video games.
Would make sense... they both have a great work ethic.
Hahaha
Trump's new $100 bill proposed by Mnuchin
Naw..His hands are too big..
TURN OFF THAT LAWNMOWER ! I'M TRYING TO WATCH FOX AND FRIENDS, SO I KNOW WHAT TO DO TODAY !
She's most likely the reason he wants the wall lol.
This made my week.  Thank you @StephenAtHome
I feel sorry for the child. It's bad enough having that crazy old man say "You're fired!" But imagine him shouting "So you're the illegal immigrant I sired?"
Boy: "I'm not allowed to say, I have an NDA, Dad."
That is Hillaryous!!!!
@digart
No way. He's working way too hard
Funniest thing I've seen today!
Daddy? Did I get my teensie hands from you??
Lmfao
Can we please talk about the tie length? If you let the longest vertices of the blade go below the belt, you’re basically a monster.
Correction! He didn't pay. The payment came from doorman's pocket.
Trump calls Comey a  slimeball, how many lies has Donald Trump told since being an office? Line those up with the lies that call me as told and let’s see who is the biggest slime ball!
So clever.  Here's Colbert
There he goes, hiring family again!
Awful Stephen. This kid is not the Dons love child...
This child only has 2 jobs.
Mowing lawns and writing the Donnie's Tweets
Then an editor inputs some spelling and grammer errors to make it look authentic.



“Your fired” look at that now job lmaooo
Lmao 
Food hfor thouģht mr. Colbert
Anyone else see the family resemblance?
Lame! Sure miss the funny Colbert.
love child - found #lovechild
Full props to the reporter who finds the "love child" - and gets DNA evidence!
Hahahahaha now this is funny!
How could he be? He's working.
@bgreene That is NOT "love child." That's REALLY CRAPPY SEX child.
laughing so hard, ty
This is low for you a christian man smearing a person like this.
The child, a female, would be a thirtysomething

and when your done with that...you can polish my clubs and balls.


Started my life in an old, cold, rundown tenement slum, tenement slum 
My father left, he never even married mom

I shared the guilt my mama knew, so afraid that others knew, I had no name
I'm hoping for a bi-racial child to drive his base crazy!! Mexican illegal or Black mother, his base could turn their backs on trump.
He would be much older than that if he’s an 80’s child . Math ! Pesky bugger 
Haha a love child.. By one of the "Supremes"..  posting dedication song now.. 
Made me giggle! 

LOL
well that's mature
Big government advocate Norm Ornstein re-tweets his newest favorite conspiracy theory...
Good thing you never cheated on your wife.
What does the blue check box next to your name mean?
somehow the term "love child" doesn't sound right with this guy

Not funny.
"No, I'm Barron, your son."
You are such a low life.
It's sad. You have become the Janine Garofalo of late night. Bitter, one-note show pony who lost the funny. I don't even want to watch two minutes of your show.
You have the power of choice in that matter. I believe his ratings disagree with you, though.
Do YOU understand ratings?He gets like a .7 in A18-49, which is THE demo for late night. Behind Fallon, after apparently a "HUGE" surge. The HUT/PUTS aren't there to support a late night race anymore nor the salaries commanded. He is paid a lot to receive less than 1% of A18-49
So yes, I understand his ratings. They aren't good. The press wants to tout HH numbers which no Advertiser buys. It's all to convince you that his unfunny ass is moving and shaking things. The ratings in late fringe are horrid. Like saying you got a large share of a chicken wing.

NO, I'M THE DORMANS SECRET LOVE CHILD, YOU COULDN'T GET IT UP.
The names Mulligan
This is it!!!!! This is the best ever!!!!
I could have sworn there is a movie that seems familiar...
Seems appropriate! 
Definitely not a “love “ child. More like a 3 minute 22 second child . 
Wayyyyyy too much credit.

