ALL the Late Night TV tv show hosts AND the entire United States of America, constantly 24/7 365 days a year for the last 2 decades that I have been alive, DISRESPECT our President. DISRESPECT the US President. Other countries w/o a doubt RESPECT their own president. US?? No.
@StephenAtHome I know a terrific little five year old girl who could write and sing it with you. Really. She's from NC!!!
Lyin’ Ryan.
Don't you mean lying FLYING Paul Ryan? I would be surprised if he returned to DC after summer recess. He'll work from his district office (i.e. @GOP will have him fundraising until November or until his lobbyist job starts). I think he quit today when heard CBO deficit prediction
The name of the song should be 

"TAKE THE MONEY AND RUN"
@StephenAtHome  How could you have started Second City in 1957??? I had to replay that back 4 times....were u 3 years old when you started at Second City??
i heard that too- it went right by martin short, right?   he must have meant 1987. and he was not even born yet in 1957!  - he would have been negative 6 years at least  
Awww, I thought it was Jon Stewart... but this was good too
Sick!
DON'T  FORGET,, SPINELESS LIKE THE OMEBA!
Needs work.
"Chip Dipney" Hahahahahahaha!!!!!
Late night political hate show.
My teen devastation is bringing me home for yours, like it or not?
Show sucks!
How about, to the tune of Roy Orbison's "Cryin'"'---"Ryan".

I'll write it.

As the great Johnny Carson continues to shake his head..
Stephen  ~ Anyway,, great song, wish I could contribute or write for you.  Thank you for your courage in opposing the @POTUS . . the "Imperator Maximus Disgustus" (original coined name).    Stephen, you are an American Hero
@SpeakerRyan "Like a rat leaving a sinking ship, Ryan leaves us to deal with the @POTUS the King Rat, who should be a mere "cafone" and is now the "Capo di tutii capi", since he is unchallenged by the @GOP @GOPSenate & @SenateMajLdr  " - (music)
A fine start -- more Colbert/Batiste songs, please! The delightful @ambermruffin at @LateNightSeth had a similar idea, & rocked it.
Rom Comney
Flip Chutney 2012
Former FBI director James Comey likened his first meeting with Donald Trump to a La Cosa Nostra induction ceremony with gangster Sammy the Bull.

Only his was with Donny the Bull, plus a word that rhymes with sitter.
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/934890030987751424?s=21 …
To the tune of the Eagles' classic "Lyin' Eyes" , here's my tribute to  Paul Ryan:

There will be no more Ryan lies
He jumped from the SS Trump before it would capsize.

 The BS from his House seat they must now sanitize
 Hallelujah. There ain't going to be no more Ryan lies.
I like the „No eating and drinking on the set“-sign in the back and the coffee on the table
Embattled Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, accused of assaulting a woman, tying her up and forcing her to perform oral sex on him, should walk away from his post with a 3 word message that can be found by unscrambling his name:

"Erect, I resign".
keep working on it-  think there needs to be a verse about the golden parachute that is likely waiting for him compliments of those he has enriched.   either that or he is planning to run for president himself soon..
Would you please consider having Robert Reich on your show? Please, please, please, please, pretty please? Oh, and also Brandon Fraser? Please? Por favor, Señor Colbert?
Hey please debate Tucker Carlson. We're waiting. I wanna hear you defend the new war with Russia/Syria.
I love that there's a sign in the back "no eating or drinking on set" and both have a cup of coffee in front of them  #LSSC
It's actually water

What I want to know is who votes "yes" for her in the Senate...unfortunately, racism is bipartisan.

Voting yes for this judge after this should be just as disqualifying for…
@xwemblr haha
I'll answer like a liberal
I won't listen to that because it sucks!
Poor GOGGLE EYES. How sad.
I feel so sorry for him
Even more sad for the viewers.
what a loser
what a disgrace
People actually watch him?? 
I Can't Believe TV has gone down so low.
On fire tonight.  Funny as hell!
We’d like one of those hugs fromJon that @amyschumer got. Always bring enough for the whole class to enjoy.
I like how the set is draped in white cloth; do you remove it on the third day?
Good bye yellow prick road...
Love John Batiste as well.  His  comments crack me up. Hope to get tickets for the audience one of these days.
Wait...does it bash Trump somehow? Otherwise no Colbert humor.  One stop shop at late-night! All Trump TV.  Sure miss the funny Colbert.
The GOP’s last great Dopes: Ryan an his technicolor screwy charts, Willard the dullard with binders full of women.
As a Catholic woman who respects marriages, & so you take this in the proper context,  I have to say, I love you.
Just use a jaringly loud wet sucking sound.
So sad you have decided to alienate 62,000,000 people. I actually had respect and admired you. So disappointed you have chosen to spread the virus of ignorance. Mr Colbert! You know better. If it's about ratings, get over it @TuckerCarlson
More like about general integrity maybe? You know, not lying to others, and to yourself, especially . I know, hard concept to get  
Oh, and please, tell us more about that ignorance! Is that some panda name?
Think you need a quick consult with @RandyRainbow !
Paul Ryan Song repeating in my head now non-stop!! UGH!!!
Why bother writing a song for a man who voted against aid to NY & NJ after Superstorm Sandy. Besides, he was often a Trump apologist and had no political backbone.
LOL!  The Foxconn deal is great.  Nice try.
They are more than welcome to help us write lyrics to the remix of "Another One Bites the Dust..."
Here is one of my poetic commentaries on Ryan, feel free to use it for your lyrics ...
Love the rehearsal extras!!
Does the lyric "urinal cake with a widow's peak" scan with what you've come up with so far?
it doesn't have a good beat and I can't dance to it, but I'll give it a 7...

I was like what Paul exactly
If it’s written by anybody on your staff it SUCKS, like you Colbert
(Touches himself to a trump tweet)
Perfect!!  HaHaHaHaHa
Love it!
Farewell, Atlas Shrugger. May you never receive a dime of your taxpayer-funded pension, Social Security, or Medicare benefits. May you enjoy the future you wanted for us all, wherein we must Battle Royale our dinner onto the table and the sick somehow "deserve" their ailments.
