A show full of jackasses! I will be sure to miss it 
This is the best!!!



"Lordy, I hope there are 'tapes'!"
Can't wait for them to drop their first track... 
I wonder what they talked about. Wu tang is mad intellectual.
Comey should have been fired by Obama. Trump fired him for the wrong reason, but that doesn’t negate the fact that he usurped the AG/Assistant AG when he got his press conference on. And y’all acting like he’s a god or the best example of moral integrity is wrong.
Comey is a dirty cop...disgrace
It's gonna be a love fest.
Cant love SC more for bringing out the WU!!!! Oh, yeah, Comey was interesting too! :) #bestoflatenight
what a joke!!! LMAO
Trust me, anyone who is still watching and repping sports is not high level let alone fucking awake to the evils of this current world.
WuTang Comey ain't nothing to f with
METS 
Eazy E at the White House and Nancy Reagan/Mr.T
Great Interview!
I desperately need a gifset of the close-up face off when they challenged Keebler Sessions, as well as when they finished it by biting and tossing the cookie away.
Wu tang ain’t nothin to fuck with...
Ain't nothing to fck with
This is like a weird outtake from the Racial Draft sketch on Chappelle’s show.
Comey is a Hillary kissing A--.
High level shilling tonight!
Oh look it's the guy who put the nail in the coffin 11 days from 2016 election to make sure trump won
Correct.
Headline 3 months from now will be.... "James Comey Files Suit Against Method Man for Sexual Assault". #GrabAss #MeToo. Where's that other hand at?
Comey is going to get mugged.
He better soak it up.  He’ll be arraigned soon enough.
Comey looks surprised because: A)Neither of the two speak "bitch & ho" B)They're all in the same tax bracket C)The AG Keebler Elf Cookies were a bit too "Uncommonly Good" D)All of the above
That’s just an awesome sight
Hope Wutang doesn’t go political, that would be the end for them.
@aribra_1
Why would anyone listen to Comey's lies?
C’mon Comey, you know how we can get Shkreli’s seized record? The world needs it
#killabees
Seems like a place to find @jheil
Beat. picture.ever.
Glorifying people like Comey in this day and age. You should have GW Bush on next and then Roger Stone.
i assume they were talking about how lucky we are to have Trump as president
LGM!

How tall is Method Man if Comey is 6'8"?
TIGER STYLE!!!
2020 team from left to right: POTUS, Vice POTUS, Secretary of State...
Straight up and down
 I got this rap shit locked in '98
 N*ggas can't escape the laws that I enforce
 Like top notch politicians who be pola-tickin'

- Wu Tang Clan "And Justice for All."
@realDonaldTrump can't quite @Comey. #obsessed
Very good show!
That's one tall dude!
Wutang clan ain’t nothin to fuck wit
That is one of the greatest pictures I have ever seen.
Love you @Comey
Nice, the guy who has yet to prove that trump is unfit to be president 
Mef, with the Darryl Strawberry Jersey 
@methodman
Where my cheese at?
C.R.E.A.M.  Dolla dolla billz y’all!!!
they should ask him about
Neither of them ain’t nothin’ to fuck with
Glad my wife won't let me dress like that and I'm 30.
#LGM
@jonnnbeck
All I see is a little boy whose feelings got hurt when he was fired because he thinks he is God and no one knows better than he loving up the celebrity. @Comey's ego is huge, and he goes after Trump, LMAO!
Well that was an uexpected pairing
rappers like when someone can throw shade
Comey lookin like a slick gangster with wu tang clan
This is fantastic 
J. Comey ain’t nothin’ to fuck with.
what the fuck
You got #ComeyOnColbert before @maddow and @jaketapper .   cool beans. 
Depressing...
Sad he gave us tRump
Drag him Mef...
#myhomiecomey awesome pic! 
My brain just exploded 
omg...  what can even be said?
So much in common
that looks so Catholic.
Oh my goodness...@jheil must be green with envy...WuTang and @Comey
Screw it, his approval ratings just got Hhhiiiiiiiiiggghhhhhherrrr!
COLLUSION! COLLUSION! With Wu Tang Financial
But does he respect Wu Tang?

We all know the answer could determine his future, here.

thanks

Most critics say Comey's book is already a joke 

 look it up, he hasn't provided a fact nobody already knows
Bless your heart.
Guess you didn't get it early online 
No, I received it via preorder today like normal people.  Have a nice night.
And just like the media brought up, nothing big to see. Oh except for the Maybe things  kind of reminds me of another book that was brought against the president 
This is my favorite thing of #taintteamtuesday
lol..meth and ghostface...Wu Forever
MM & GZA taller than I thought. Where's Bill Murray? Oh, and RZA?
This should be interesting... Hope Comey has a sense of humor.
As neat as this might seem, Comey is still a contributing factor to Trump's election victory.
Why is he leaning like Negan?
I’m 5’2” if #Comey @Comey is looking for a twins remake.
 wu-tang?!?? Yaaaaaaaaasssssssss 
#wutangforever #wuworld 

Thank you  Mr. Colbert!!! 
Sixers!
That Strawberry jersey though.
Motion to replace everyone but Mattis with this cabinet
Didn't the fbi investigate wu tang members?
@WillyWilliams_1
Pass the koolaid.
@comey the leaking liar.
This S.O.B. thinks he's a comedian? Funnier stuff goes down my toilet every morning.
Wu Tang the kompromat.
That is AWESOME!
Time to twist one up.
I didn’t even know Comey could sing...Damn.
Cash Rules Everything Around Me
Damn that dudes tall.
@jheil set your dvr
Wait, tonight?
According to the White House, it’s 2017!
Quite the sight!
Yeah Wu Tang clan!
#HereTheyCome Sweet Moses Malone, this is beautiful...
New Dirty Bastard
I'll make sure I bring the tools to fully enjoy the high summit.
Fucking hell, how tall are the guys in Wu Tang?!
I know!?!?!  That was my first thought.
Ok I have been all about team #JamesComey, this media blitz for his book is starting to make me feel um awkward. I'm all in anti #AsshatTrump but I feel like Coney is saying way to much & sounding a bit arrogant. Never thought I would say that!  Eek sorry
Interesting combo.
#comeyismyhomie
Never fails. Every time I see a photo of Comey at first think it is a photo of David Cassidy.
Why is Comey dressing like a Bond villain?
Am I the only one disappointed that @jheil isn't in this picture?
If you get Comey to perform with WuTang it will be really really great and really really tremendous.
@methodman is pretty tall
Cc: @jheil 
@RealChrisTrue

Move over Martha Stewart and Snoop
Do i see the next season of Celebrity Big Brother? #celebritybigbrother
<3
Is that mid Cipher?
@Comey is a Ghostface Killah of democracy.
WuTang? Where is WuTang expert Pharma bro Shrikeli?
Prison.

@WuTangClan Got serious connections since being drafted by the Asian delegation. #KonnichiwaBitches
Such a creep - anything for fame and money.
Comey discusses how he also doesn’t eat green eggs and ham
MM - You gotta protect ya neck!
GFK - Ya thoughts must be relaxed, be able to maintain, Cause times is changed and life is strange
JC - All good points fellas, honestly, without your support, I may not have made it this far
@AriMelber and @jheil are jealous!
A higher loyalty vs how high
This is so fucking cool!!! 
I smell a buddy cop movie script.
\/\/
In terms of whacky career juxtapositions, this has to be right up there with James Brown meeting Nixon.

It's funny cuz they're tall
Was reading a Comey thing. Apparently, 45 is 6'3", but Comey is 6'8"? WHOA.
Have you ever seen the pictures of him walking down the White House hallways? He TOWERS above everyone.
I'd be scared to meet him IRL. I don't often look up to talk to people; in fact, I usually look down. I'd have to look up ~6" to talk to him 
Lol Trump is 6'3" on paper, just like he's 239lbs. In pictures, the theory is that he's closer to 6'0". But yeah, Comey towers over him.
You've got a great eye for dimensions & bullshit 
Lordy, I'm glad @Comey didn't disrespect the Wu-Tang Clan.
Even Comey knows they ain't nothing to fuck with.
Somebody told @jheil right?
Mr. Comey. We expect loyalty out of our Mets fans, are you in or out
Comey looking for financial advice. diversify your bonds.
This is the strangest photo I've ever seen...
Strange but wonderful
This is the best thing ever.
That’s going to make for one entertaining contemporaneous memo.
#LGM
Worst Benetton ad EVER!
Or the best, could go either way.
Make sure to ask @WuTangClan how to diversify your bonds. Don't miss that opportunity.
~Does Comey have a previously unreleased #Wutang record? #Dish
the most ambitious crossover in television history
#Comey bring the muthaf*ckin ruckus!
Please report!!

Facebook asked conservative groups for help last week in heading off European-style privacy rules, just as CEO Mark Zuckerberg prepared to apologize to Congress for his company's data scandal.
JFC the ink was barely dry on his congressional testimony and he’s already taking victory laps
3 days early.
Game recognizes game.
They tryna get that album back 
Comey looks like his blazer is a little too long.
"Well, gosh darn it, do I just love the music you kids are making these days."
I bet they are gonna be discussing "JOINT" sessions of "CONGRESS"
Comey Rules Everything Around Me?
STEVE

CAN YOU SEND ME A MANUAL TYPEWRITER PLS. DM FOR DEETS.

-LOVE, MAX

Now I've seen it all
Lordy, I hope there are mix tapes
There's something kind of Yin and Yang about Jim Comey and WuTang...
That's how great things happen.  A conversation.

How Imma be when Comey.come on
I  AM SO EXCITED .... 1 1/2 HOURS TO COLBERT AND COMEY  !!!

I’d hang w them
Can’t wait for that LP to drop
M.E.T.H.O.D maaaaaaaaan!

That is nothing to fuck with. #WuTangForever
You read my mind
The stuff of legend
Exactly wtf !!!!!!
All cut from the same cloth.
Perfect

