How do you say David Dennison in Russian? #nyet #MAGAfail #SAD
Dennisovich
ET (EVIL TRUMP) phone home....
Twinkle twinkle little Czar, Putin put you where you are. @realDonaldTrump

Obama did same thing,  but that was okay with you.  Can't contradict yourself and have any credibility.
CAPTION FOR THAT PHOTO:  Am I taller than you?
Kudos for Trump & Putin
I feel sorry for one of my favorite actors Sean Penn. if cigarettes don’t kill him, drugs will. He’s in seious decline. He helped Robert Downey Jr fight his demons. Time for an intervention for a man who still has a lot to give
In Soviet Russia, Putin congratulate you!
Well he knows he has to kiss the feet of Putin, or else
If you were to call someone to congratulate him/her on being re-elected, whether out of duty or from friendship, would you spoil everything by mentioning interference in our election or the poisoning of a couple of Ruskies in the usual place, London?

@POTUS.. awe Stephen, we know you secretly love @realdonaldtrump https://www.facebook.com/100010472225750/videos/549117518780651/ …
Your “smoke bomb” was funny, but here’s why it *was* different when Pres Obama congratulated Putin in 2012:
1)VP hadn’t yet invaded a sovereign nation & annexed part of it
2)VP hadn’t yet openly meddled in U.S. elections and spread propaganda w/in the U.S.
6 yrs can change a lot.
I thought barry was as warned about Russia interference and then told PRESIDENT Trump no way they could affect the election, quit whining.
You're conflating 2 different things. The incidence of on-site voter fraud is almost nil. Re: Russian interference, in 8/16 Pres Obama wanted to make a bipartisan statement to Americans, and McConnell tanked it, threatening to undermine elections if BO went public.
The Trump show , your host POS ,Stephen Colbert...
Collusion!

S.C. dig your grave
Two faced Colbert - what's the AGENDA??? You def have one Stephen, who tells you what to do?? Who controls you.
Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
Sick
Your wit is almost as bad as your humour
Something definitely creepy about the way Pooty gazes at Trump.
https://instagram.com/p/Bgo6N-yhRuy/ 
All seriousness. Do u have any other comedy other than trashing Trump? And im not with Trump, if thats what your next comeback is
What a loser.
What changed?https://twitter.com/realDonaldTruhm/status/976877819203604480 …
Omg! The one good thing that has come out of this administration is that you now have a new fan. Thanks @StephenAtHome
Tell OBAMA HE SHOULD HAVE NOT CALLED TOO
how can you criticize this??? This is 2018 remember (midterm madness)!
And Obama did the same you stupid fuck!!  God i'd love to meet you in a dark alley you fucking piece of shit!!
Oh really when then this happen?
Ok
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTruhm/status/976782135230017537?s=19 …
Aww remember when you kissed President Trumps ass? Your hypocrisy is incredible.  https://twitter.com/realDonaldTruhm/status/976782135230017537?s=19 …

Not too long ago you were trumps biggest fan...
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTruhm/status/976782135230017537 …

@colbertlateshow https://twitter.com/realDonaldTruhm/status/976782135230017537 …
U know ur boy Obama did the same thing right???

Close to a kiss here....




Donald Trump did NOT write this tweet about Putin call. Had to be  @DanScavino.  @realDonaldTrump cannot spelled "excoriate" let alone know what it means. 
Can't believe no one picked up on this. @maddow @TheDemocrats @MSNBC @whpresscorps @CNN @latimes @WhiteHouse  @TrumpHotels
He should move there Already

This year Easter at the White House is going to be a great holiday.
Trump has laid so many eggs in the last year the kids will have a great time.


That’s really a joke that he actually congratulated dictator Putin, that’s a slap in our face.
DT's asking why VP isn't nicknamed "Vlad the Impaler."
Trump is not a British cop. His job is to protect American interests, not solve crimes. Meanwhile, the crime solvers will hopefully solve it, while Trump looks out for the US and gets Russia to help reign in NK, ISIS, etc.
What a stalker that guy is.
More propaganda from Spock
And guess what, your lord and master Obama did the same thing in 2012. Where was your outrage then? #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #LiberalHypocrite
When obama did the same thing it was different because.....ahhhhh....he had more leeway and his SoS got money to give him uranium.
HRC Falling Down
@StephenAtHome  you are
Lol hopefully this makes them even? One good turn deserves another?
Putin says he plans to put Russians on Mars in 2019. Soooo does that  mean we can have their land they leave behind? Cuz...you know... they're  gonna be on Mars... Right?
Love birds.
OMG. WHAT KIND OF PUPPET CALLS TO CONGRATULATE ANOTHER WORLD LEADER!? IM SURE THAT HAS NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE?! Still pushing the red scare, eh? Do you ever talk about our leaders being Saudi puppets or no bc that’s not the agenda to cover real news? Can’t make war in Yemen funny?
I dunno what diplomacy is, im a cuck a guh hyuk
Right, but he won't issue sanctions for interfering in our election process. THAT speaks for itself. When are the Republicans in Congress going to wake up and smell the coffee.... I am a registered Republican.
"Trump calls Putin to get tips on how to rig the election so he gets to stay President"

Fixed it for you..
Figured that conversation would have had to taken place under the Cone of Silence. #MaxwellSmart
Somebody wants another trip to Trumptin. (Retro UK joke).
Putin should be careful that "wig" looks like its about to switch host cause i dont think trump as much brain left to eat that thing must be getting hungry.
Trump the loser
Trump has to congratulate his master if he doesn’t he’ll be punished and I mean “really punished”. Trump is just a moron and he will continue to do these things without any consequences because conservatives and republicans are complicit in all this, alittle power changes people
This is just as absurd as Fox News calling Obama's desire for a meeting with Kim Jong Un as traitorous, etc. while praising Trump's meeting with him as diplomacy.  Hypocrisy on both sides (much more on the left, though).
President Obama congratulated Vladimir Putin for Russia's election results in 2012, a diplomatic move for which President Trump was criticized in 2018.

Stephen, you certainly made your point very well. Do  think Dump understood your point?
Every country does that. This is nothing but trying to make a mole hill into a mountain.
B.O.  stinks...
Yes. The orange one knew he’d get play from that stunt.
He wanted to! Who cares, 44 did it too– but don’t owe the lunatic left an explanation—get bent!!!
Go be insane somewhere else!


He’s too busy on his daily Putin phone calls
Shameful. He doesn't get it.

I don't know, Putin looks more like E.T. to me, but I guess it don't matter.....
What could possibly go wrong when we have the wannabe President calling his boss to offer Congrats on his win in a fixed election so he can continue his despot habits? You can’t make this shit up!!
Two creeps looking creepy

#jail
That picture shows how much love they have for each other.
Trump is playing y’all like a fiddle and it’s awesome!
Birds of a feather flock together.
So reminds me of @realDonaldTrump
Putin “I lvu you!!” Trump “I lvu you too!!”   
Donald and Putin are such a cute couple???? Wish they would make America and Russia better places to live if they did their loving in Siberia????  For next 10 years???
Ahhh....ain’t love grand!

Now that he's made contact, do we get to put D.T. on a spaceship & send him away to end this depressing story? I won't cry for this one!
Sometimes deportation is THE solution :) #MAGA
What a nice picture: Putin with his bitch.

The democrats wish they could be like Putin. The Clinton crime family could be in charge for decades
Yep.

Are we scared yet can this man speak without repeating a sentence more than a million times #resign

@realDonaldTrump  Cuz tRump won election same way Putin did..

I think putin have his sex tape , that's  why donny afraid of  putin # impeach fake prisedent
.....two days before the election.
So unbecoming of a president. Putin owns Donnie. Pathetic.

"But you got to have friends! "
Trump is the worst by far US leader ever.  I can't even say the 'P' word, not to be confused with the 'p' word.
Looks like Trump is trying to Put Putin's little buddy in his mouth.
That nice

To be fair, you have to congratulate your boss when he wins right?
Starting to think Trump is a shrewd cookie..................I'm joking.
the absurdist n' me' just smiled' ;).
Trump is like your old, ignorant, racist, grandpa that used the N word (a lot) and you just put up with him. But now he's in charge of a lot. SCARY!
Did anyone think he wasn't going to call him to congratulated him?!!!! #DictatorLover

 Good one! 
@maddow @CNN 
OUTRAGEOUS!!! HOW ON EARTH IS THIS OKAY! @POTUS  IS NOT OUR PREZ HE is Without a doubt indebted to the Russians. Ppl need to question his motives and whats it going to take for the unpatriotic @HouseGOP @SenateGOP to PROTECT THE COUNTRY AGAINST THIS ROGUE PREZ.
What great political instincts!  #LOTUS Many, including Jefferson & de Tocqueville have said words to the effect that we get the government we deserve.  The question is: Just what the hell did we do?
Voted in large enough numbers for third party candidates. Stayed home. Believed utter nonsense. Kept looking at the shiny objects. MSN showing Trump rallies from beginning to end. Too many Republican primary candidates. The Hilary email debacle and Comey. Weiner and the laptop.


So clueless
Ex KGB operative leading a duffus around by the nose.
and when Obama called Putin to do the same in 2012, you snowflakes were pushing for the Nobel Peace Prize.
TRAITOR
This reminds me of an old WW2 picture with Hitler and Stalin
Cause he's not doing anything important like maintaining a job a President of these United States
Nothing wrong to congratulate foreign leaders.
There is if that leader interfered with the election of another nation.
That is a complete hoax in order to delegitimize the Trump presidency.
Trump is doing that all by himself. He is a global disaster.
Crooked Hillary is even worse, at least Trump show himself honestly, unlike other hypocrite politicians.
So called comedians are enemies of democracy. They have full of hatred against conservatives.
genius
What a disgusting POS
Wow, I’m scared now, stop the world so I can get off.  I can’t stand this anymore....
Two days ago he calls for the death penalty. Today he kisses Putin's ass. This is HORRID. My beloved America is being taken apart bit by bit and the Republican party like little tin soldiers line up in his teeny tiny hands.
He wants to make sure those peepee tapes don’t leak out. @realDonaldTrump #DumpTrump #peepeetapes
Wonder if they discussed strategy for our midterm election ?
To congratulate Putin on his second election win in 18 months
Didn't hear anyone complaining when Obama did it.
Don't you wish Kiefer Sutherland was our President?

Thank you USA for electing this cartoon character into office. Once again...
He does it just to piss off the media

Donald Trump, calling Putin...
Love that one!
That’s the right thing to do.
They’ll all puppets.  U know that.   That’s the game.
This photo looks like Trump is a reporting henchman to Putin who is a Bond villain!
#Putin voice “You will be very happy when I bend you over and stuff your ballots.”
congrats putin! what? i shouldnt call to congratulate u specially after u poisoned those spies in england? dont worry, this is not going to be suspecious at all!”
This guy really is one of the DUMBEST people EVER!!
And so did the previous presidents. #FakeNews


Did he hear about his candidates either getting shot or fleeing for safety lol
Good grief, check out the way they are looking at each other.
