
What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
They never thought she’d lose.

What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
 
I have been watching you since The Daily Show. I think you are amazing. You are intelligent, quick witted and also kind, polite and honest. Thank you for expending energy to share yourself with the world.  Happy Easter.
Stephen..thank you for creating laughter using your daily news to distract us from Trump & his crew .....
What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
I can't recommend this enough. Thank you
Watched a couple of minutes of interview, then switched to the documentary and laughed my ass off.
What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon

What is going on here!! Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. Luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
#FoxNewsatnight…
This seems... different: Stephen Colbert 'apologizes' to Trump, calls out CNN for 'lies' - Fox Newshttps://apple.news/A9my6eNqcRPCopxq0XPT_Uw
Thoroughly enjoyed every moment! Thank you!
I wasted at least two bites of blueberry crunch bagel with blueberry cream cheese just from laughing. Thank you both for your years of service and this surprising new diet plan.
"One Trump to Rule them All
One Trump to Find Them
One Trump to Bring Them All
And in the Darkness BIND THEM....

In the Land of Mordor ...Where Shadows LIE...and lie and lie and lie...."
(LOTR-kinda)
Guys will pick up her Dogs shit with a plastic bag .. But don’t ask him pick up Tampons .. He’s afraid they will say “ well what sized hole “ we’ll small I guess ....... it looks like a Dormant Volcano Maybe I take the  large ..
I LOVE YOU TWO WITH MY WHOLE HEART
I believe a cold shower for you  is needed..
good idea. will that wash away my stephen colbert loving sins?
I got the joke!!!!
Me too and I’m still laughing (i had a membership for my cassette tapes )
"The good old days" of comedy is DEAD!  Obviously u comedians ran out of materials, so u resorted 2 bad mouthing republicans, President Trump, his family & his staff.  It's shameful 2 earn a living on someone else's 4 your political agenda.  Isn't this supposed to be comedy?  
Just saying you might want to add these to the presidential collection
https://twitter.com/therealcornett/status/979360136463634432?s=19 … i like this one better
What is going on here!! Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. Luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
#FoxNewsatnight…
I loved it!!!!
OMG it is time for a Dana Carvey show reboot. With @realDonaldTrump on the air it is impossible for him go wrong! @danacarvey
So much talent!!!
you  even put your pantomime knife away. you are crazy
What a HAS BEEN!!!!!!! You MUST be dispirit !  Man what a struggle to the first 5 min. till I HAD 2move on.
The juxtaposition of DT and BHO (15:00) was some of the greatest comedy ever! And so lovely to see the respect y'all share, and how you support each other. Great interview!

Carvey + Colbert = Hilarious
What a great show!
That was excellent
Thank you Stephen Colbert for the whole damn thing. I was one of those viewers who turned off Dana Carvey breastfeeding puppies because it was impossible to explain to my young daughter watching it with me. Dana is a Dada artist at heart. 
He said hogcock on CBS last night and there was no bleep or anything. But then that’s the name of the school in Harry Potter.
An absolute joy and privilege to be in the live audience for this meeting of comic royalty.  Thanks for sharing the complete footage with the world!
In all seriousness, very awesome, especially to see all the earlier works.  Thanks for letting us see the whole interview!
I remember first seeing @danacarvey  on Turkey TV as a kid. I have loved his comedy ever since and love this interview.  Choppin’ broccoli is a classic. Look it up, kids!
Divine.
Oh how I’d love to see @Bayer advertise on @colbertlateshow and @maddow instead of @FoxNews
So glad to see this.  The world needs more @danacarvey
The Dana Carvey Show was/is pure comedic gold!  All of it!
Interviews are 20 minutes long?! Wow.
Watching it from Mauritius. Love both of you 
I was one of the thousands who kept watching after the Clinton boobie sketch, BTW. They don't do Nielsen ratings in the sticks of Nova Scotia in the 1990s (or ever . . .).

BFFs
NOTHING BUT RESPECT FOR MY KINGS OF COMEDY

I LOVE BOTH OF YOU SO MUCH WOW

Let's keep these billboards going up across America. We need to support these brave kids who survived the Parkland shooting.
Details:
http://maddogpac.com/ 
@maddogpac

I love you both This interview is awesome!!
Thank you!! Beyond thrilled to see this last night, almost as much to share it today :D
Fake interview... Sad.  
I’ll give ya the head ... the tail ... the whole damn thing ...
Dana Carvey is a national treasure
And we still want more!   :)
