As the night ends on this Vernal Equinox, I regret but one thing - I didn’t get to the gym to work out. @Equinox
I did.
Oh, Sure
Bourgeois warning their brother bourgeois.. reported by a bourgeois...  :D
Wait! Have Sessions announce Trump’s death penalty idea for all drug dealers!
sack him give everyone what they want
Yea but they also said Trump didn't collude with Russia, sleep with a pen star, makes billions so yea. . . We kinda know those are all lies Huckabee tells Trump while he eats a big mac to sleep.

Stephen Shill Colbert.
Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
EPIC :)
Please hurry, Mueller. Mass comas will be setting in soon.
When the WH and/or Trump says they have no plan fire someone, it turns out to be LIE every time.  Guaranteed.
For sure LYING is his M.O.
The man always has an agenda, no matter what he says......
Trump never has a plan.  Mr. Fly-by the seat of my giant pants-“President.  Get it?  Giant pants...he’s fat.
Cadet Bone Spurs cannot even plan a coherent sentence
No plans at all.
Be the last stupid thing you do you fucking moron!!!
Correct: 'There are no plans.' - At all.
Stop talking about Trump all the time. You've got an addiction. Acceptance is the first step to recovery
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTruhm/status/976782135230017537 …
The White House:
Can we petition to make tomorrow November 3, 2020? Is that a thing?
Trump speak is easy, just add a "today" either before or after everything he says.
Nothing but whimz with this guy

Who is "White House" that says this? We know another guy who lives there will do something different.
With the daily, "Breaking News" on CNN since his inauguration, I don't there ever was a plan.
Lol.  There’s never a plan
Yah, just like there were no plans to fire Tillerson or any if the rest for that matter and yet they are all gone.

Sure he DOESN'T HAVE A PLAN AND WHEN HE DOES he''ll be sure to have it HIS WAY.  HE'S SUCH A MORON.
Stephen young man will you quit beating this dead horse Trump is your president if he's not you're in the wrong country he won fair and square shut your sissy face you piece of s***
Bully boy Donald Pukein.
Well to be fair you had "no plan" to become a boring late night "comedian" who's only surviving audience is people over 50 years old. Then to try to save your image you try to appeal to millennial by acting like you are not just getting paid by Putin to try to divide America.
Qué payaso tan peligroso!!! Puede hacernos volar en pedazos!
Trump and his lot never plan, they just do.
U know shit colbert
Are there ever plans?
There’s never a plan. The toddler in chief just “does”
Whenever he denies anything, the pattern is -it will take place within days.
This man didn’t even plan to be president we know he’s not to good with thinking before doing.
That's what they about everyone just before they fire them.
Go back to doing comedy
Shoot from the lip plan.
There never is. 
That's what he and the White House said about all the was he did fired!
I believe POTUS has no plan to fire Mueller.  What’s concerning is that he also has no impulse control. 
Depends on such things as: did he get good night's sleep, how many days until next tee time, how many days until next rally, how many indictments today, is he being talked about enough on TV, did we find out about something else he lied about, someone tell him he has small hands?
Never
What happened to "checks and balances "???!!!
This person mr.#PresLoco actually has "no plan" for anything he does....all his desicions base on emptyheaded stomachefeeling unmoralistic ideas
It’s called the 4:00 AM tweet.
It’s an “lanpay” because they think they are sneaky

Of course not!  
Trump Sunday 5am on Twitter: Mueller, you is fired

8am when normal people wake up: backlash

WH at 4pm: he was joking obviously and you're too stupid to not notice. The Pres believes in the rule of law
It’s semantics the WH has no plans to fire Mueller but what about outside the WH
Ummm, there’s never a plan and that’s how the world will end.
Och Leute, nicht so ein Bild frühmorgens!
Der ganze Tag ist versaut!
Trump speak = con tra dict.
I think if he attempted to, it might be reason to start an impeachment process.
God I hope so.

Looks like a mule type of face pose...
Insiders say Trump was over heard throwing a tantrum about getting rid of special council. "I am the f ing president. This is why we need to take control." We need to do like Puton has done!
No, not a plan. Just a spontaneous knee-jerk response to... well... nothing.
They always say that right before they fire someone!
Anyone believe this?
Not a “plan,” because it is a “fact” at this point.
http://theoryoflife16.blogspot.com/2018/03/theory-of-life-e71-best-quotes-by.html?spref=tw …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbBX6aEzEz8 …
The whole “plan” was to have no “plan”... until the “plan” went wrong.
He seems to hire lawyers of the same level of competence and ethics than the rest of the people he hires.

He (POTUS Tom Sayer) says to media via Huckabee (Huckleberry Finn) there's no talk of firing Muller but we all know its fiction.
It will have soon ,I believe.
Hey, he might change his mind so... https://www.zazzle.com/hurryupmueller_a_misterp_shirt-235035636433235329 … #hurryupmueller #AntiTrump #ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
Wait. What? He  has plans. Lots of plans. Bigly plans. They're yuge. Bigger plans than you've ever seen in your life. Believe him. He'll tell you what they are...later! 
And later never comes 
So 3 more weeks?
Trump plans nothing
Just a blank-staring, angry blob of white privilege, a tragic inferiority complex and a confirmed pervy vibe.
https://youtu.be/VGG50IWvMkA 
He is not really capable to come up with a plan at least not one that makes sense or benefits anyone but his self
He'll be sure NOT to get any advice from" HIS GENERALS".  He wants to become KING OF THE WORLD.  DUMP MUST GO AND HIS OLDER KIDS.
Every word a lie.
Dumb Donald the dork of the day go away?????
There's not even a "pla", like Phoebe used to say.
Maybe he's trying to figure out when Mueller's birthday is, to time it appropriately (since he's such an evil, vindictive bastard).
Why doesn't he just get a bullhorn so his weak voice will carry further?
Lmao
Lie, deny, obfuscate, rinse, repeat.

Haha.... You're not allowed to joke about Anything except Trump, that piece of shit! 
Yeah, right...Trump is an ass
Everything this administration does it does without a plan.
Or his plan to hire "only the best people".
Trump:
Is that his 2020 campaign slogan?
He has unplans, and they are the greatest unplans, this I can tell you.
Stop whinning and run for office... easy to sit behind a desk and let your writers produce some weak and non-impactful one liners.
Written in crayon on a paper tablecloth IS a plan.
It’s also a legally binding document!
There has never been "a plan" for anything he does.
Just a sudden tweet
Trump doesn't want pull a "Nixon". 

But in the end it isn't gonna matter. lul
Let's see what happens...
There is never a plan. @RealDonad_Trump is a man without a plan. Or a brain. Or a mirror, decency, thick skin, self-control, real hair, etc.
Double zing! Putin wins 2nd election since 11/6/17 and now there’s no plan! Colbert is on fire.
I think that’s pig Latin for, “there’s a plan. “
Did he ever talk about treatment money for addicts in NH or was he just so giddy about death penalities?
He might want to plan to see a dentist as either his dentures were slipping or he has a serious dry-mouth issue - another incident today in NH.
It'll happen within the next 2 weeks!
#RussianAgentTrump will fire Mueller within the 10 days.
When Trump speaks I can;t help but watch those fish lips and hear the Charlie brown teacher, Patholgical liars are not to be believed - ever. If he was innocent he'd do his work as POTUS and wait to be exonerated by Mueller, Stop it and he will be guilty until his dying day.
tRump is guilty and he knows his only hope of surviving the investigation is obstructing it.
Words matter.
Think?
We know there's no plan.  He never had a plan,  shoots from his ass every time

as Dr. Evil would say right......
Trump:
I think there is at least a Plan 9 From Outer Space-level of cohesive thinking at play...  by which I mean women with unnatural body shapes and fat, dead-eyed old men.
They just don't get it.  Muller has nothing and TRUMP knows everything. No one will leak to Steven Colbert
A plan is just a list of things that never happen in this administration
Please hurry up Muller! There’s blood in the water, go, go!! 
More of an impulse really. A whim.
You know when you have to go to traffic court no one gets away with saying - "this is a witch hunt...you somehow cjhanged by speedometer, throw out this judge!" And inncent people do not blabber like an idiotl
That may actually be true, this administration doesn't formulate plans, he prefers to rule by mood swing, perhaps it depends on how satisfied he is with his twitter activity or his bowl movement #POTUS
There is never a plan with trump. He would rather haphazardly fire the guy over twitter at the drop of a hat. Hey people, can you say asshat?
Careful, We the People outnumber any body of Congress of C class legal team and ultimately put country over party and definitely over a con man who assumed he could keep jis supporters ignorant. Say hi to Cambridge Analytic cheater.
I’m just glad Trump is raising your ratings. Lol. He’s your best friend, all of yours. Making you guys rich. Check me out at http://livingroompolitics.weebly.com 

I mean, why would he even want to consider that?
Just an intent waiting for an opportunity...
He never has a plan. He just does shit.

#BoycottNRASponsors
Ha- love it thanks for making me laugh this early...
Usually what they say before they do the opposite
Have you seen the leaked Stormy pic?
Yeah, right. Similar disparagements preceded the firing or "quitting" of other Trump administration employees.  Look at poor Sessions, quaking in his elfen shoes.  An employer of the Obama era could have been hauled up on harassment charges for what Trump has done to him.
Love Obama.  Bring in the CLASS and kick out the TRASH.
Oh, hahahahaha, at this point, you have to think that Trump is playcalling at the line. Problem is, he’s not a very good quarterback, and by quarterback, I mean president.
1 hour and fifteen minutes , until you come on my television, and then I can laugh the news off me.... Thanks see u soon
When it has come to U.S. political events I don't ever remember (*in my limited history)  starting so many inquiries with a sigh and a "Now What !" ----Not even a question anymore.
No one has made the correlation how similar whitehouse staffers and  Republican congressmen are to #StormyDaniels in being silenced https://twitter.com/fiiwii1/status/975721311757651968?s=21 …
@TheLastWord
For a chance on the dog show, O cocker spaniels!
Screwed conservatives are choking on con genitals.
Gagged about maltreatment,
under a non-disclosure agreement,…
To be honest, there IS a difference between 'planning' and 'plotting'.
Did you hear that?  NO PLAN  ????
Whatever Fox says. Stay tuned.
Thank you Stephen. I can't sleep without watching u @ night. U make me laugh, after our daily news shit cycles. U keep me sane.
He didn't have a plan to go to war against the people of the United States of America either. But he will. Just as soon as Mueller drags all his family detritus into the daylight. Then they'll ALL have a plan. In a hurry.
Last week he said He didn’t have any plans to hire a new lawyer either....
And no plans to fire McCabe or Tillerson either.
The White House hasn't had a plan since day 1, that still hasn't stopped this cry baby bitch from throwing temper tantrums whenever he doesn't get what he wants. Nothing about this shit show administration says plan.
Another lie.
Tho @realDonaldTrump has no plan to fire Mueller, Americans do have a plan if he dies fire Mueller! 
Does
This is @POTUS plan.
The White House hasn't has anything resembling a plan in over a year.  This has been a "throw crap at the wall and see what sticks" type of administration since Day 1.
The trump truck has a plan.
Goes down Friday.
Stick to trying to be funny, ass

We have a plan tho dumpster donald
No, but there is that fit of apoplexy that regularly occurs.
Figures.
@realDonaldTrump
hell..  doesn't matter  what he  says..Mueller  will  hit  him  bullseye..where it'll  really hurt him..he'll  be  bleeting like a  stucked  pig..
What's your opinion for the non-left view Colbert?
Since when did DumbTrump have any plans for anything.? He has no future indices in his cortex
I think the plan was to win the Presidency in 2016... Help me remember, did that one work?
He only plans to play golf. Everything else just happens.
And there’s been a “ plan” for anything else in the shitshow?
That’s such a great joke
Looks like he is doing what he said he would.

Those are some sleepy eyes

Fire Mueller now!
Never has been a plan,  of any kind.
At least not until he is taking that 4 am shit during "Executive Time" while watching @FoxNews and they tell him to do it.
Dump trump dump pence
When in the course of human events it becomes necessary for one person to dissolve the special prosecutor....
No plan IS the plan, Holmes!
You got that right SC!
Lawyer: “he’s not going to fire him.”
DJT:”I think I might fire him”
Lawyer: “don’t worry, he won’t”
DJT: “but I might.”
Lawyer: “we have no plan in place to do so.”
DJT: “I’m firing him. Tomorrow.”
Lawyer: “we have had no such discussion, it’s not even a possibility.”


Trump not having that's life not news he never had plans or come up with them he's just not that dude you know.

No plan comes from having no brains!  #UnstableMoronAlert!
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saturday_Night_Massacre … "deja vu" -Martha Mitchell
Planning would require forethought, something the President Tweet woefully lacks.
Herr Orange Clown is thinking about it! He must know that by doing that, he would impeach himself with his own hands!
Oh but he does have a plan tweet,delete,repeat 
Because they “plan” for everything!
the plan....
Your so right, there never is!  Depends largely on his golf schedule!  You know rain and budget.  Oops, no budget!
For pretty much anything they’re doing.
