Before the 2016 election, Colbert had lots to talk about, including Performance Enhancing Curling Brooms and spiders that shouldn’t have been named Sméagol. When the so-called president is just a bad memory, Stephen will still be here entertaining us
I can’t tell if you’re being sarcastic or not... that’s not a good sign for you.
Well, as a LOTR fanatic, and a recreational curler (I throw lead and competed in a bonspiel this weekend. And performance enhancing brooms were a huge scandal a few years ago), I found Stephen VERY entertaining before the election. He’s a sanity saver now
So you admit you’ve gone insane... or at least a bit?  Maybe you should see someone? It’s really quite something a presidential election could drive you so over the edge.  I’m glad Colbert’s incessant drivel helps you tho. Maybe that’s something. I wouldn’t shun other methods tho
You know, if you actually have to tell people you’re awesome, you probably aren’t.  And I don’t have to defend my reaction to this presidential election to thoughtful, intelligent, moral people. It’s more understandable than the Right’s reaction to Obama
I agree. funny tho U felt need to defend Colbert Bc I said his “comedy” was 1note.  Don’t assume ppl are “right” Bc they don’t hate Trump/can function while he’s Pres. I am a moral intelligent rational person, thx. don’t play victim when you’re the 1 attacking. I respect your op.
Right.  Thanks for the advice, but like the Parkland students, I find that taking a stand against wrong doing is  healthy.  If you’re not seeing wrong doing, it says a lot about your moral character. So, uh, good talk, I guess
I fully expect Trump to fire himself before his finances are outed and he turns out to be worth $43.
Lol

love SC!!  Haha!  Funny!
And that’s saying a lot. Because he voluntarily posed for this:
Plot twist:  @seanhannity took the pic.
And sent it to Putin

Trump doesn't know how to regret anything, or else he would regret a lot of things!
How many videos of Dems saying Comey should be fired can I post on our page? How quickly we forget.
Comey let Hillary go, why  because of corruption
you're Monty Pythonesque here
You are so fucking funny
Can Colbert really be a stupid as he seems? Does he actually buy any of this BS or is he just playing to his "market?"
Seems you are obsessed, infatuated with President Trump.  Your material is lame.
Ya know, CBS Hiring you to be a late show host was probably their biggest regret. Yout show sucks, fyi. Get some other topics.
Stephen. They have taken the Late Show off the air in Dallas, Tx. What the fresh hell is this?  Who is censoring your show? You are my only trump relief.

Not one single regert?

Your biggest claim to fame will be being able to give #HRC a hickey on her taint
Why would that stop this POTUS?
He can still fire Comey over again by yelling at the TV or telling Ivanka everyday that he fired him again. “Yes Daddy, now drink your warm milk and go to bed.”
Hey, he could try to send him to Guantamo. Lets face it. The orange idiot is a fascist.
Pretty sure his biggest regret is still Eric. He can't fire him either.
I bet he’s tried though...
Like trying to get rid of a drug resistant strain of gonergeaha. 

Had she just come from a meeting with Trump himself?



So he's doing what all great presidents would do, threaten a private citizen to jail him without any evidence of a crime...
#NotJustSadButPathetic
Lol this is saaaaad but TRuth sad but TRuth#
Comey can write TWO books, then Trump can write ONE, then publisher can OFFER…
Comey is a giant tool that wasn’t man enough to say anything to @realDonaldTrump
No, Trump's biggest regret, by far, was nominating Sessions for AG.
Day his so called Presidency ended was firing Comey @Comey
Bannon said it point blank.

@realDonaldTrump old times
Hope you ask him why he didn't reveal Trump was under investigation for collusion with the Russians but was fine looking into Hilarys emails
So if Hannity takes FREE LEGAL Advice from Cohen so that Hannity talks nice about Trump is that barter and is it taxable?
I love you, Stephen Colbert. Just wanted you to know.
In his nightmares, Comey fires him
So that’s what Fire and Fury means
Don’t get bogged down w/ such deep thoughts!

Mr. Trump could turn his favorite yacht into a Shrimper boat and then Comey can be his Captain Dan.
He he he
Lol
respected former agents roasting comey.

better keep that in mind
Comey=covered in com...ahh forget it...
You are lacking imagination Stephen. How many times did @realDonaldTrump fire Omarosa and SHE got brought back for the "Whitehouse episode"!!!!  Maybe he can rehire Comey, then re-fire him. It would make a lot of sense in this new world.
He still has few cabinet members to fire to get that old feeling back.
Hahaha
Comey, McCabe. Now he needs to add Mueller and Rosenstein. And you have already lost all of your audience!! Trump had done more in Year then Obama did in 8. If you don’t have more money and assets since Trump took office it is your own fault!!
Has someone told Trump that?
Time to rehire the Mooch then fire him.
Trump is always ahead of his time - Comey is a POS for you

LBJ's maxim comes to mind - better to have him inside the tent pissing out than outside the tent pissing in.

I like it!
Already played his Trump card.
After water boy, bus boy, valet, coat checker there always comes along a new target, my bet the gardener is next to go.
Worst mistake of Trumps life, other than running for President.
If Trump had never fired Comey he wouldn't have been able to write his book, and would have almost certainly been silent on many things out of a sense of duty... Irony.
He probably wants to crazy like this
He could higher him as his advisor.
Probably went in thinking "book deal."
Are you just an advocate for #Comey?
Thanks, Jared
I knew Sean Hannity was a stooge.
@comey is an assclown.
OH THE HANNITY!!
That’s what I thought. If tRump hadn’t fired Comey there wouldn’t be a book now.
two A holes

Stormy times ahead, Donald.
Ha ha ha. #buyTheBook!

Would have been better to have them on the inside of the tent pissing out than on the outside of the tent pissing in.
I can't believe Colbert missed a P joke
Hey Lawrence,
Make sure you hammer out all the details for you interview.  We don’t want distractions
Boy,  i bet he's still trying to! lol keep up doing what your doing love your show watch it religiously!
the moment  he  fored  Comey--  he   triggered his own  demise..this  i sout of his  control  as  much as he  tries..this  train left the station  ages  ago.. by  May.. it  will come  full  circle..  trumpo  is  out
Dude, when you're talking about classified material they got ya for 70 years.
Meanwhile at Fox News...
Nah... I think not signing his own NDAs  is going to be his biggest regret.
Maybe he could hire him again so he can fire him again... It would not be the craziest thing that has happened.
@EricTrump  is still his most bigly regret.
Eric’s also sad because daddy loves Ivanka more; daddy has always made his physical attraction for Ivanka clear. Het is helemaal gek. 
I am thinking and hoping his firing of Comey to be replaced by Mueller may be a blessing.
He can’t fire Stormy either.
hahahahahahahaha
Yep.
yep
Tell him he can fire Hillary - he won't know your shitn' him
He can still fire him in his heart.
@jimmykimmel ummm can you retract the @seanhannity truce?


@realDonaldTrump, How’s it feel? Facing honorable men & women who can’t be bought. Or bullied. Whose reputations you cannot sully with your rants.…
HA!! 
Mysteriously disappeared
Hmmm

HAHAHAHA WE SHALL SEE STEPH.. THE NOOSE IS TIGHTENING, BUCKLE YOUR SEATBELT! #MAGA
Inspector General said what? The firings have just begun! Oh, and the unsealed indictments. Hang on Sally, you’re in for a bumpier ride than Stormy Daniels on the Lolita Express!
First he fires, then the fury. Trump is like a man driven to continually burn himself by lighting up his own farts. Hence the word arsonist.

Probably so
Hilarious 
Unless he commits the ultimate crime. 
Oh sorry that's the other funny guy. You make Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Friday, as refreshing as a coffee I drink watching you.

Comey, a truly great American Patriot.

(Thanks to @GOPChairwoman & @realDonaldTrump for promoting the book.)
Duh 
I love you.
May not be able to fire Comey.  Fires missiles instead.
I can’t wait for tonight’s show!!
Are you a politician or a comedian...cuz this was not funny at all.
Running was another regret.
Have you noticed, though, anytime his energy is low and the polls are spiraling downward, he resorts to a campaign-style rally to stroke his ego? At this point in ANY presidency, I would find the behavior crass. Somehow, crassness doesn't factor into this particular presidency.
Crassness IS this presidency, you mean. If you’ll pardon my language, you can’t see a shit stain on top of another shit stain!
I wonder if he is still being audited.
Trump was given a sedative today when he realized that he couldn't fire Comey again. "Why not! Am I not the stable genius?" He exclaimed.
The ass is certainly the genius in that stable.
The average ass is a bit brighter.
Without a doubt

Oh, just can't wait for your show tonight. Stephen, you really are contributing to my sanity. If I had to hear The Donald (as his women like to call him) before sleep, I'd have started speaking in tongues by now! Thank you, my friend!
Never forget that he's still a douche bag, that stoped the election of 11/16...
I wish he fired you
Ha ha ha ha lmao but  he can RESIGN and head for Siberia where his pee pee accounts are 

Nope  he enjoyed it just fine.
Thank you Stephen. You are a national treasure. And speaking of Comey, thank you @AriMelber another national treasure for the total takedown of Comey tonight. Hope you have Hillary on soon. She is still the legitimate President.
Trump only answer is....*throw book against wall and shouts* JAIL HIM!!!
It must be maddening to realize he brought this whole load of shit down on himself without any help.
stop using your influence to make him relevant,it just means you know he has no narrative but that of non entity
And who told him to fire Comey?  Jared Kushner.  The man with ZERO experience in anything is the reason Trump is where he is
~Stormy Daniels called. Said Trump's biggest mistake will happen tomorrow.
Check out Happy Hours&reg; Classic Non-stick Cast Aluminum Waffle Maker C... by Happy Hours® https://amzn.to/2HpthSr 
I said the same thing last night
You mean send his former body guard to deliver a letter saying he's fired to someplace he knew he wasn't.
Whacka-whacka!
Nor have his attorney's attorney draft an invalid NDA

Best thing he’s done since being elected though.
Whatever Trump says, the opposite is the truth.
For more reasons than one. Having a special counsel rather than having it run by the FBI has probably been more beneficial from a thoroughness, subject matter experts, less leaking perspective. I also suspect Mueller is a better guy to run this than Comey.
Going forward I think you are going to see more turnover day one.
I just figured it out! When Comey mentioned that Trump looked orange and as if he was wearing tanning goggles, I realized he is making frequent trips to hell to get his instructions! Heaven help us!
Do you really think this is funny? A 4 year old can tell a better joke.  Ugh, painful to read.

He listened to Jared
that was kinda funny. and i hate you colbert. now. use to love, but i had to kill ya
Stephen can I get a high five it's my birthday !!!!
Nos biggest regret is not realizing early enough that mobs cannot become president and stay in the shadows of the law.
You are so right. I also bet he regrets the art dealer money laundering going on in Trump Tower. #fucktrump #shitgibbon #ComeyInterview

Trump is still pissed at Sessions for recusal. Blames the WHOLE THING on Sessions. Why doesn't he fire Sessions?
He's a scary little man but Trump first met him at the Wonka factory in their youth, loyalty (and Sessions has the real birth certificate showing Trump was born not in NYC but at the Chocolate factory)
Trump would like to get his little hands around Comey's neck but he can't  see anything through his tanning goggles.
 OMG. I always wondered why he had white around his eyes.
Firing Comey is Donald's biggest regret seconded by accepting the Republican nomination as their Presidential candidate in 2016.
He'll bring him back for Celebrity Apprentice so he can fire him again.
Would you work for trump as secretary of Comedy?
Sean Hannity wrote a blog post on his site to present his side of the issue. Apparently the only comment is from a Russian “fan” from “Tennessee” 

It should be on a list of many regrets . 
Can’t wait for Rosestein to get fired.
Hysterical


He could offer him a job and then fire him again.
 @realDonaldTrump
No because now Comey will face the best seller of his life: Promote a book inside of penitentiary!!i wonder how many felons will pay $1000 for him kkkkkkkkkk
Love it! You nailed it Stephen!
He'd be super fired!
I would have thought getting the prostitutes to do the pee thing on tape for the Russians would be his biggest.  Not the pee thing specifically, just that the Russians taped it!
A real first world problem
He'll find someone else called James Comey, hire him, then fire him 2 minutes later. #winning
Nawwww, the long game is putting #Comey behind bars! That’s #winning 
aw, honey, you need things like crimes and evidence, not delusions.
Backatcha, baby cakes! 

Its been over a year w/ all the cards stacked against #Trump, and yet, still nothing on @realDonaldTrump but just one boring, unfounded accusation after another. Yawn! #NothingBurger 

#LiberalHypocrisy #MichaelCohen #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #MAGA
well, nothing but a stack of indictments. 
watergate: over 2 years, still ongoing when dick had to quit. it was the nyt and wapo that got dickie 
so, yeah, that narrative is just as lame as all the rest. 
Total aside...I find it heartwarming that your avi is of You & Your Wife kissing. It's very cute.
Tweet Tweet! HEY! Did you hear about Sean Hannity?
Can’t wait for your interview with him tomorrow!
"I fired him before, and I can do it again!"

"Um, Mr President, I don't think it works that way...."

"I'll FIRE. HIM. AGAIN."

[awkward silence]
You forgot the last little bit:
“Yessir. Right away, sir. *turns and whispers urgently:* shit!! Hey you, coffee boy, go find a Comey double!”

It would be awesome to watch him do that to comey over and over. :)
Like
Trumps biggest regret is Tiffany
Am I the only one who thinks Trump spent all of last night just yelling "You're fired asshole" at his TV while Fox News showed clips of Comey's interview?

I bet in Trumps head, he hires Comey every day just so he can fire him again
Yasssss, that’s playing in my head and then some too!
If only Trump would fire Trump
Actually I looking forward to pulling that lever myself.
LE "TAPE" PRESIDENTIEL

"Draw me like one of your French girls."

#TrumpTape #Comey #FBI
Omg this is soooo fucking funny!!
Nice mouth you got there your mom must be very proud!
She is! Thank you for being concerned about my personal well being. You contributed so much to my growing up and I will cherish this Twitter conversation for years to come. You’re welcome 
Oh he still can.
Donnie the Hutt is making the swamp great again!
  Well said.
Trump wants to fire Comey again and again every waking moment of him. Hahahahaha!
