You and Dana Carvey #DanaCarvey are two of the funniest people on earth! I love you both! 
.@danacarvey You were wonderful on @colbertlateshow last night!
Can you confirm or deny is true that we were saved from the mustache by the mustache? It feels like I just got a Christmas gift,  But I’m not sure if it’s mine.
Hey Stephen .. I hope you invite Flaw to your show .. please
Anti Christian bigot
"Taft was" is the brilliant bit...apart from the concept, of course. 
Are you retarded or did you miss the 22 years ago part?
It's nice of you to give CK credit for something he did, when everybody else seems to be still unwilling to touch him with a ten-foot pole.
He'll be back. If hollywood was celebrating Mel gibson then CK will come back too
Please, Stephen, more Dana. You two are great together. So fun to see buddy's crack each other up.
It’s ok to mention Louis CK again?
His jerkoff jokes weren't ever funny but now I can't watch him. I just see the potted plant and his victim.
More Dana appearances please Stephen. We need his great humour and his impersonations crack me up. It could be like Robin WILLIAMS used to regularly appear on Letterman, so funny.
Stephen?!?!?! What is this gnarly headline on Fox News about. Thy played a video but it was bogus beyond belief. Say it ain’t so buddy.
@StephenAtHome   Dana Carvey would be comedy GOLD as Jeff Sessions. You have to rebook him A.S.A.P!!   The Carvey interview was by far one of my favorites of all time. 
“He was delicious.”  Classic.
Although I like Dana Carvey, the Ford Obituary sketch was disgusting and vile. Ford was a good honorable man and deserved better.
Why has your opinion changed Stephen?? What agenda/narrative are YOU pushing??? Pretty sinister.
Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
Comedy Platinum.
You and Dana doing Skinheads from Maine is still my favorite. I’ve been doing that accent basically since then.
Appreciated
And it was incredible.
I've seen some criticism of @StephenAtHome giving appropriate artistic credit to Louis C.K. for a particular piece of work.  Acknowledging a Van Gogh as art and as a Van Gogh doesn't mean that VG wasn't batshit crazy or that you approve of him cutting his own ear off.

Allegedly.
You and @danacarvey were awesome! I agree with a previous review, Dana was ahead of his time! A true comic genius!!
I gave up tweeting for Holy Week but just had to say some of the funniest TV I've seen in a long time- you guys were so funny last night.... could not stop laughing peace
GREAT show!!!!!!!
Hysterical!!!
That was hilarious!
Quick question. Did C.K have a full head of hair back then?
@hulu or @netflix needs to snap this up old episodes, plus a new short season! The world is waiting. 
He was delicious.
.
Let's face it
That joke had Colbert written all over it
Always loved that sketch!  Had no idea you were involved.
That was one of the funniest sketches I’ve ever seen! My brother and I saw it as kids and were crying we were laughing so hard! Kudos to all its authors! 
WE WANT FLAW ON LSSC!
Wish SNL would bring him back as Jeff Sessions.
That remains one of my favorite sketches of all time, from any show. I’ll remember it until the senseless age of 83.
One of my all time favorites. " Gerald Ford dead today and I'm gay"
The practical jokers were my favorite.

And these guys...
One of the best shows EVER on TV. The lost "Wizard of Oz" scene sketch is one of the funniest things I ever saw in my life, always will be -- I still know it by heart, still sing it. 
Thanks so much for having Dana @danacarvey on last night. Made me incredibly happy.
Agreed!!!  That sketch made me cry laughing.  The best bit EVER!
You should have Chris Volz and Flaw come play on your show.
One of my favorite SNL bits of all time
The only impression I have ever done is of Dana Carvey impersonating Tom Brokaw saying the words, "Gerald Ford." It has been a running joke between my husband and I for years. So random.
I had completely forgotten the Dana Carvey Show until recently when I watched the documentary and then binge watched the season. WAAAY ahead of its time. You and Carell made a great team.
Check out @James_K_Bryson’s Tweet:
Retweeted Whaa!bulance  (@larrycraft57):

What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it. …
That was a great damn sketch.
The world wasn't ready for the Dana Carvey back then.  Ahead of your time.
Those skit replays were hilarious, last night.
The amount of talent that worked on the DCS is staggering.
I miss Louis CK
Amazing!
Glory days 
I distinctly remember the Gerald Ford sketch from SNL. I guess he also did it when he was a guest host there as well.
Ah So Great!! 
Gerald Ford, mauled by wolves!
I was always a fan of the “Skinheads in Maine” sketch too.
Uhhh, yepp.
“ He was delicious “
Laughed out loud!! So goood!!
That was a classic my brother still quotes it from time to time.
You were so happy to host him- 2 really funny geniuses!
Oh goodness, that's one of my all time favorite sketches -- I still quote that one!

That sketch is one of my all-time favorites! Not surprised, but delighted, that you were behind it!

