
Wow, that was great!  Didn't know you were terrific writer. 
Thank you !
Most welcome!
You've got the power!  Sometimes I talk in song lyrics!
They make more money in the private sector.

I can't wait for him to find out he can't fire @VP Mike Pence. Hoo boy, that's gonna be a fun day on Twitter.
It's Rexit
Thank you for you! Laughter in the darkness!
You're keeping us sane, Stephen. Please... stay with us!
Host ur show dude. Entertain stop being a politician ur not.
CBS should fire you for ignorance, stupidity and lack of artistic abilities.
Keep it up guys.  What you do is soon important.

Salon: The science of satire and lies: Watching Colbert can fight right-wing brain rot.
Can he fire himself for incompetence? Failure to launch?
Hey Stephen, I have an idea.  If you think you have all the answers and you think you're so much better then President Trump,  why don't you run in 2020?   I'd l ike to see how you would do running for the presidency. So in the words of Harry Callahan, "Go Ahead Make My Day!"
Hi Stephen...I feel like the turnover in the trump staff, and the reporting thereof, is right up Jon Stewart’s alley. If he ever felt like making an impromptu appearance, maybe now is the time? Maybeeee ? Just a suggestion from a long-time fan!
but he's on a roll now, lookout !Maybe he'll get carried away and accidentally fire himself, he doesn't read well....  One can dream right.

HIMSELF!! LET US HOPE!
Please run for #president in #2020 STEPHEN COLBERT FOR PRESIDENT 2020
It’s so easy to love you. Great reporting.
I wish CBS would fire Stephen Colbert.
When he becomes president for life and takes control of all media you will be on of the first to go after all the people at CNN and the failing NYT. ;).
Oh that was good 
We better see your name on he ballot in 2020.
Himself
If trump wanted to fire anything it would his finger or his nuts they both not doing a good job it's the truth how's that a lie.
Hang in there, soon to be.
Trump will get senile and eventually fire him-self.
LOL Stop it!
pity it’s not u ya traitor grub grrrrr
"ya traitor grub grrrrr?" 

Trying to make sense of that. "grub" suggests you're hungry, but "grrrrr" suggests you're cold.

Btw, it's not an insult if no one understands what you're trying to say.
There's an app for that
Donnie the Hutt is making the swamp great again!

Not to mention his rancor is being fed a steady diet of sycophants (he only eats the best people).

#SpaceForce
Invite Rex on the show. He isn't as busy this week.
I have to say, I'm actually surprised he hasn't really come after you... yet.

hey cock holster your #TrumpDerangementSyndrome still isn't covered by Obamacare
Himself?


