Good one.....
All in all, though, I think the rollout of Zuckerberg's new OS was a big success
You were saying???
Are those the kids that escape Planned Parenhood?
Normally I don't like your humor, but come on people, funny's funny.
Considering he was 19 when he started Facebook, the last time anyone talked to him like those senators did, he was 18 or less, and his parents had just come home to find the house trashed because his party got out of control.
I feel no pity for that guy. He forced everyone to use real names just so he could sell that information to corporations and probably the government. He claims it was for "safety." Yeah, of his wallet.
That is why they needed him for two full days.!!!!
This is one of those tweets you'll wish you hadn't.
Ooh another one to add to my block list!
I bet he was forced to get  their VCRs to stop blinking 12:00 finally too! 
He wouldn’t make a good poker player as he was visibly shaken and amused at how unaware they were. #TermLimits
Right?? I was sure his team would’ve prepared him for that.
Sure just make a few jokes about old people being tech dumb instead of addressing the reason he was brought there.

What else should I expect from a comedian.

Or showing them how their remote control works!
So true. Technology is much longer than a four letter word!

It was an embarrassment to hear these old people trying ask why they could not take control of their FB data and Zuckerberg saying “but Senator you have the ability to do that” with a most puzzled  look.
How do you maintain a business model in which users don't pay for your service?
"Senator, we run ads" 

My favourite part.
Genuinely would have been 10x more effective if the congressional interns asked the questions
Agreed, though whilst they failed to ask questions effectively, the real issue is they had no clue how to follow up to a question's response. They have no idea whether the question was dodged or answered and even less of a clue as to what to ask to clarify a vague answer :(
They have all risen to their levels of incompetence. Peter Principle in action. It’s an astounding study in political buffoonery. Shame…
They are highly skilled in other areas, namely politics. Maybe if they didn't have to spend 50% of their time on the phone begging donors for money their other skills could be kept current.
I almost feel bad for him, too. Being 24/7 Tech support for my parents is brutal but I’m much better at it than @ATT.
Thank you for reaching out. We're here to assist you in any way. Please come on over to the  DM with more details. We're looking froward to hearing from you. ^AniW
Well played @ATT
LOL!
You could tell that Zuckerberg wanted to crack up when they asked him questions. Bravo Zuckerberg for holding a straight face!
i love you
Actually, a Senator from West Virginia did ask him to bring "the fibers" to her state.
Noooo...
I just love how Zuckerberg is being attacked and still no serious consequences for Russia using the information?  Seems like this administration is going after the easy targets!
They always do.
Hey,@StephenAtHome, I'm 64 and know a whole lot about technology! Self taught,my first computer was a Commodore 64 in 1983.
Nice!
And imagine how long the smell lingered on his jacket....

Should I take this personally?
lol

Is that the Block and Ignore playbook ?
Do they even understand the questions they are asking him.? He could just answer anything and they wouldn’t know the difference.
I feel worse for Jesse Eisenberg. First Zuck then Lex, the poor guy is obviously being type caste.
That’s hilarious;))
Haha...yeah, i do not feel bad for zuckerberg in any way. He built a massively profitable personal data theft machine and is now chafing at restrictions on future thievery.
THIS!
Hi, Stephen! How are the Podestas, your good friends? Ha ha ha ha ha.
Ha...He has enough old Dates or GFs asking...Him...Will you design a web page for me..i like this this and that ....I thought of PinInterest ! ....justsaying
Most of them still have a MySpace account..
They wonder all the time how come they haven't gotten a new friend request since 2004..
It's all cool.. They're old people anyway.  Better to keep them in the dark.  
legendary!

Don’t feel bad for that corrupted A.H!!!
Almost

The horror... the horror...
Or start the ‘presenter mode’ on their PowerPoints
why Zuckerberg? Crony corrupt crooks in congress have little to zero knowledge about anything they tax, regulate or question. Finance, energy, medicine, etc never stopped that crowd before. Facebook & tech will soon be afflicted by the inept bureaucrats like other industries.
Freaking hilarious!
dumb.  not funny.  you worship suckerberg.  he steals peoples info and you are ok with that.
Hello, are you getting
any of my.
Really funny!
Hey, that's funny!
But I bet they love Grindr and Tindr 
Constantly creating innovative ideas.
I think he did a good job ...being asked such clueless questions from the very people who will vote on our internet privacy laws - #NetNeutrality  #BlueWaveComing2018
Oh yes that is probably true and it is funny too.
The congressmen should have brought in some 12 year olds to advise them on social media technology.
and making their vcrs to stop blinking 12:00
They had to get some value out of their 'IT Guy' while he was there!
That and he probably had to spend countless hours showing each of them how to connect their iPhones to WiFi.


That’s funny!
Especially if it was because some millennial IT tech lacked the simple communications skills to explain the procedure in -what do you call it— words?
Too “real” Mr. Colbert. 

I am that old person and so are you yet I do believe things are getting easier @elonmusk @stevewoz , right?  For me it has.

He looks like a Zuck ...definitely not human
Brilliant as always.
Isn't he now a human wifi tower?
You've got to be kidding,
Maybe he stole their Data too, Lol
We think that the bigger question is, who will he support.
Let the punishment fit the crime
Now that’s funny!
You mean upgrade their services
@BallJoi70
So true
After he reset the time on their VCR.
An observation...
Was it too on the nose to cast #JesseEisenberg as both the founder of Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg and business magnate/supervillain, Lex Luthor?
@joekennedy can set us his own WiFi. That may be it, lol.
I saw that Orin Hatch brought in his Universal Remote. Zuckerburg, the crafty little bastard dodged the setup request by suggesting "Nothing I do here can pair your remote without the TV also appearing before Congress"
True that
@Jarman275


You and that shorty have a lot in common... NO RESPECT FOR YOUR PARENTS.
L.o.l.
this joke sucks
LOL 

I miss the days of blinking VCR's...

Yeah, that and strip the very substance of their lives and hock it off to highest bidder. #nicecrook
Hehehe
@RealRollaKosta remind you of someone? 
I did love the one senator who proudly told Zuckerberg that he was the first sen to have his FB addy on his business cards. And then proceed to ask a clueless question.
That's awesome
So much nope. He's a punk. Naked arrogance. Gross negligence. Extreme incompetence. And now absolute obstruction.
Funny shit!
Don’t feel *too* bad for the poor little rich boy.
@StephenAtHome. people need to wake up that their data is being collected all the time. Do they even know about geo-targeting and re-marketing?
@bluuejean @TAJtheWriter
Omg
Or he showed them how to program their VCR's... maybe... it could happen!!
Well here is the cliff notes version. With apologies to #garylarson. Bla Bla Bla AI. Bla Bla Bla our community. Bla Bla Bla I will get back to you.
And of course write them a check


@dariankovach 
Guaranteed those luddites’ obsolete VCRs are still blinking 12:00 #Facebook #FacebookHearings
I highly doubt that those #Congressional reptiles know the difference between, an ISP, a search engine. a website or an app. #Facebook #MarkZuckerberg #FacebookHearings

Omg I just spat my tea! best laugh of the day
And answered a few "why is my phone doing this" questions.

Totally thought that!
His smug face needs a fist  smashed into it.
I hear’ya!

Too true
I'm an old person with a Facebook account. I don't know anything about wifi, though. I need him to explain what he did after he found out his own account got hacked. Maybe we can get out of the trouble he caused us old people.
Heñño
Hi
How do I get this Rolodex into my phone?
Thank you for 30 minutes of laughter last night as I read this and every response.  I was dying 
Don't be #ageist!
He must have installed that app too....

http://mobile.abc.net.au/news/2018-04-12/zuckerberg-says-his-own-data-was-shared-with-cambridge-analytica/9643212 …
Still traumatized by trying to teach ‘em how to caps lock on the phone
Mr. Zuckerberg, before you leave, would you be able to take a look at my WebTV system to see why it won't connect?

The #Good #Bad & #Ugly
Wouldn't you love to have his little black book of passwords?
Bet you he has more friend requests and like me than ever before now
Really funny
old people....

You're old, too, boy. We're all old now.
I’m surprised he didn’t malfunction
and setting the clocks on their VCRs
I love listening to their questions and that the majority of these codgers can’t even comprehend the complexity of “Facegram, Instabook, etc.” lol
praise the realest yeezus @OfficialRobbieR
Snort!


Hehehe.
LOL
I couldn't agree with you more
They probably wanted so many breaks so they could also get his assistance with their Facebook!
Hysterical
Now that's funny.
Those ass-hats questioning him should all retire. They can't navigate the House and Senate floors let alone do a search online.
There's no way they could guilt trip him or anyone his age.
Ahhhahahaha!!  My hubby and I got a great chuckle out of this!!  lol
Sorry. Not as funny as usual. Zuckerberg showed poorly. Very poorly. Wouldn't trust him to set up my wifi. Sorry I trusted him enough to have a facebook account.
He probably has more dirt on them than anyone on the planet.
While I do admit that we need younger people in Congress, Jesus that hearing was depressing, I also don’t trust a guy who call his page users “Dumb Fucks”
Lol
LOL
Yes , I watch the whole thing I like him I do too I kind of feel sorry for him love you Jimmy we watch you every night
That's if they even have computers! Ha!
And the blinking clock.
Facebook gives BIG BUCKS to Congress. That boy's not in any real danger.
Know you’re sexist but now ageism? U ain’t so young u know,old enough to ask Amy about her marriage dreams & #samanthabee about her kids instead of her incredible relevant show, she doesn’t repeat ad infinitum that she is one of 11, WE KNOW & you know all the Bible
I didn’t watch, but I heard the ‘experts’ in the Senate didn’t have a CLUE regarding Facebook, etc. MSNBC said, grading on a curve, Zuckerbrod got an A+ because the Senate got an F!
roomful of guys whose password is "PASSWORD"
Lol!!!!!
Zuckerberg is thinking: " WTF?! Lol these peeps r old AF. ICYMI, I already explained that IMO. GTFO
SMH
What happened to a jury of your peers 
WiFi?! They don't know what that is. They barely know what a VCR is, let alone how to program it.
I dunno if you've been watching this but it's terrifying how ill-informed our government is. Not that that's news but seeing it laid out question after question is just incredible
Don't need to watch. Been that way as long as I can remember. It's just highlighted now more than ever. Learn from history or you're doomed to repeat it
Indeed.

Yeah, especially that Orrin Hatch dude!
????? Facebook is sleaze

can’t stop laughing!!!!
HAHA 
I feel sorry for Stephen Colbert because he needs 15 people to make stupid jokes about Trump.
His audience is full of brainwashed dopes.
This is pretty much what I was thinking as I listened. And I’m an “old people.”
Agreed! 90% of their questions didn't even make sense to him bc they have absolutely zero clue what they're talking about. "Please clarify, gentleman/lady". No doubt many were checkin those FB notifs at breaks!
"How do you work this Alexis thing?"
When he's done I need him to make that flashing clock on my vcr stop blinking
I love u
Im only 54 & my kids are still explaining things to us. I cant imagine the frustration Zuck feels looking at 70 yr olds knowing a) he may as well be speaking Mandarin b) they are asking questions developed by people who do know the industry but wont understand the answer.
why would anybody feel bad for an #IntellectualPropertyThief like #MarkZuckerberg #TheSocialNetwork #LockHimUp
I’m thinking
Lolololol.
They complained about his FB Service Agreement. Have they seen ALL the other ones out there. No different.
Of course Zuckerberg didn’t want others to know where he was staying. So he didn’t put it on FB - simple. Share what you want or not.
They thought they were being clever in their questions. That is what was so sad.
But how do you remove the purple gorilla?
And they all brought their own phones in having him check them out and show them how to use them. Antsy that's what I would have done.
It’s alright, I’m sure he upgraded their surveillance for free as well.  That, or they had him wear the jester’s motley before he addressed the king.

Don’t worry, that was Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the Awans’ ‘job’ Ok, worry. #SAP #GreatAwakening #InternetBillOfRights @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Off subject. but wanted to say my favorite Stephen Colbert Report Show, was when he covered the Jacksonville Jaguars remodeling the stadium. With large pool etc. Had it recorded & would force pple to watch it, but once they did, they would love it, and then ask to watch  again.
Snort
Omg. When they were asking stupid questions and making talking points about how the user agreement was not user friendly and benefited FB - I laughed out loud!  You mean like ever other user agreement in the world?!?!
Who wrote *that* joke for you, and why does he still have a job?
I hate to say this, but sometimes he comes off, as if he wouldn't know how to set up the WiFi.
It says a great deal about who we allow to represent us, doesn't it? Pretty poor showing for a country that's supposed to be "great".
Mark had twice as many freckles as Yesterday... a sign computer Nerds are stressing out ..
If You can connect the freckles dots with a pencil  you get a  10,000 Free Followers
