Shut your mouth. Show some respect #MAGA
#MAGA
Libs Michelle Wolf, Kimmel & Colbert looking at issues from a very White priviledged POV, Trump wants to build a wall to control.border, you say racist? Minorities who have to deal with thousands of illegal criminal gangs & flow of drugs onto their streets would not agree!

“She [Sarah Sanders] burns facts, and then she uses the ash to create a perfect smoky eye. “…
Stephen, what uniform did you wear during Desert Storm, OEF, OIF?

You wouldn’t make it through week one of basic. (I remember your visit to Fort Jackson at the Colbert Report)
Stevie is being himself again #typicalasswipe  @PrisonPlanet @WomenforTrump @PrisonPlanet @DonaldJTrumpJr @TomiLahren @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @DineshDSouza
Or bowling with freshly examined bone spurs back when he ditched draft 

 BTW, the same bone spurs he is still suffering immensely having 
Specially every time he plays golf ..
What a trooper

Boo hoo
You do know that's not @StephenAtHome right?

Bone spurs as you know. Bone spurs
Real fraud is you faking to be funny.
What about you Stephen faking a comedian?
LOL........
The same limp you tried to use to avoid military.
Wait, I thought his doctor said he was the healthiest person he's ever seen???
OMG.  TFF.
Probably avoid it with mental health issues
Or taking a knee
Funny stuff
Do u think trump would have the balls to come on your show? People should use their 2nd amendment as the tyrannical year needs outing
Describe your service to me? I bet it was a hoot!
(1) Michael Michalko described an experiment involving five monkeys, a ladder, and a banana. Inside the cage, they hung a banana on a string with a set of stairs placed under it.Before long, a monkey went to the stairs and started to climb towards the banana.
(2) As soon as he started up the stairs, the psychologists sprayed all of the other monkeys with ice cold water. After a while, another monkey made an attempt to obtain the banana.
https://youtu.be/_JmSEj7E9Hs  can you scrap an entire countys law enforcement
Would you get rid of them inthe draft

Bone spurs in his feet!!
@realDonaldTrump
Like you're faking impartiality?
#QAnon
@StephenAtHome you mean bone spurs right?
And somewhere else, @TedNugent is shitting his pants.
SGT Bone Spurs!  
SMH, , SMH

He was busy eating bone spur soup, then had a mouth full of putin puffer pudding for desertion.
Lol

People who never served themselves making fun of someone because they could not pass the draft physical is not humorous to me!

I like your comments!  Keep up the good work.
Good job getting a helmet over that head! :-)
Huh? Not sure what i said to anger you if you are in fact calling me a helmet. Can't find the feed.
But he is in excellent health.  Lololol
And @TedNugent just shit himself.
Bone spur day.
Savage
Lol classic

And you were in the military when???
That would probably involve a golf course.
Bone spurs have really been acting up lately.
Those nasty bone spurs
Is Friday and @StephenAtHome is on day 462 of nothing but Trump material. I guess that's what happens when the writers get the $15/hr they deserve.

The First Lady kicked his ass
This is beautiful.
you’d be funny if you had any talent!
ha ha ha!
hahaha!

This is a goat tweet ^
LMFAO!!!
Idiot


He thinks it means putting a door snake to keep the draft out
You sick Hateful excuse for a human being! Why don’t you give it a rest! Why are you so Obsessed with President Trump. Are you Jealous of him? He does have it all, a beautiful young wife, Successful Business Man. Multi-Billionaire & now he is President too! Yep Jealous
Just don’t get this obsession with Trump. It’s like you live and breathe Trump! Can’t you just honor Draft Day without bringing up Trump? 
We think you mean #PresidentBoneSpur. He is bringing his Doctors note and a copy of his X-Rays too.
You do "spur" him on.
Love it...
:-(
Take a bow.

LOL

#DumpTrumpNow
Nahhh, he’s taking care of this!!
In which branch did you serve?

But I don't think the limp will stop @realDonaldTrump from taking his weekly weekend vacation to Florida for a few rounds of golf. 
Which branch were you in Steve?
Before Trump you hit both sides just saying.
You made millions off patronizing patriots and never had the balls to sign on the dotted line ...would you even be relevent if you didnt mention Trumps name as i remember before Trump your ratings where so low there was loud talj of you getting fired


FUNNY!!
You are pretty pathetic. Enough already.
Stephen Colbert the fascist that’s your nickname now
Stephen, Bill Clinton is still at large!
Tom hagen comes to mind, when he introduced himself to that sleazy Hollywood movie mogul. Except, there were no mobile phones in the 50's. The big Q : who's the bandleader in this scenario!? 
I wonder if he talked about why he didn’t serve to the wounded warriors (hero’s) he spent the day with?!?
When are they coming for you, I want to be there!. All the nasty things you say about POTUS the Secret Service needs to question you!.
Probably more like stew leg.
Gawddamn, the savagery is too real 
Lame joke. (See what I did there?)
And Bill Clinton skipped the country, and Barack Obama entered the country but can’t find his card.
The @sanantoniospurs are waiting patiently @realDonaldTrump!
Now he’s obese so I don’t think he has to fake any other ailments....
Did you serve in the military? Did Obama serve in the military? I don't recall you criticizing Obama for anything & it wasn't because he was a good leader-he was a Socialist/Communist. You were AFRAID to criticize him! Now you're venting your pent up rage on Trump! Weasel!
Better than being a Limp Dick like you.
Bone spurs?
Bullied much as a kid Colbert? Anyone as hateful & ignorant as yourself had to be harrassed! Don’t blame them, look at you?? You are an asshole!

Your a funny guy which branch of the service were you in?? Did you get deployed? Do you have PTSD?
Yes!!
You're probably correct,
but at least *45 is a real f*ker.
Yeah, he fakes just about everything he does and says.
Always negative. You and your Hollywood gang live in a little box. You have no idea what the majority of Americans truly think and believe. I think the episode of you praising @realDonaldTrump was awesome, you were just short of giving him a handy. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder

You're going to get charged with arson for those kinds of burns.
YOUR HUMOR IS SEROUSLY NOT!; SAW YOU MAYBE ONCE& WAS ENOUGH FOR ME & PERHAPS ONE TO MANY TIMES OOPS ONE TIME!
Traitor
Can you draft me onto your writing team?
Or his failing liver.....he is so orange, it must be jaundice.
Boom
No one can do it better than cadet bone spurs! 
Love it!
@12Hoop
Get on board the Trump Train, or you’ll be left at the station, Bud
Mr. @StephenAtHome , I will not go so far as to call you a hypocrite, but let's say a bit disingenuous. I just saw a YouTube video clearly with you falling all over yourself to praise and thank @realDonaldTrump for running for office, during the campaign. So, WHO GOT TO YOU?

When did you serve?  Didn't know you were a veteran.  What did you fake?



ZIIIIIING!
He's got bone spurs.  So huge! But if he were there he'd tackle the whole offensive line himself.  Business!
Well, bone spurs don’t just create themselves. Oh wait!



At his age I think he is headed to have a different body part go limp. :) And women will cheer when it happens.
Those damn bone spurs. Funny how they disappear on the golf course.
His gait has been affected by that bucket o'chicken he consumes bi-weekly. I call it The Chicken Bowl Shuffle.
And Obama is pretending he did anything for the Korean peninsula and the City of Chicago he likes to represent

It lowered his draft stock 
And you are off acting like your funny.
@Dellabeash 
Ha.

LMAO!!!

Please warn me to set my coffee down before putting up a tweet that funny. I may have to sue McDonald's now.
Those bone spurs hurt for a whole day!

He is limping but it real because of that interview yesterday and the damage the dumb f@#! did to his self
Why do you hate America?
I’m sure your wife is very familiar with LIMP!,,
It’s not fake, his penis has been limp for YEARS.  #DraftDay #LimpDonny
Hahaha
Can't wait to hear your incredible opinion on Trump ending the Korean war. It's gonna be the most amazing opinion we've ever heard inside the media bubble. It won't be based in any reality but it will be awesome!! #NobelPrize
But he will do SOMETHING to mock they that are his superiors and did not play COWARD when called for duty.
You’re an idiot Stephen Colbert. Fucking idiot
I heard he celebrated bu calling a black guy an SOB.
Or practicing his ass off playing catch in the rose garden.
A limp? A limp what?
Stephen Colbert FTW
Nah, he was too busy denuclearizing "Rocketman". A real line in the sand gets results.
Lmao 
Savage
No his kids are
Bone spurs!

Priceless!
Twitter has given our legislative and executive branches the ability to literally just 'phone it in.'
So called president’s bone spurs in the head appear to be acting up.
Nailed it.
You are unfunny and fixated on one guy . Pathetic

or soiling his pants like that other right wing hero, Ted Nugent
Move on.
https://www.flickr.com/photos/soldiersmediacenter/3521607265/ … says the war veteran
Good one, now which service we're you in?
Ok.  This is enough.   I don't like the guy, but it's time you........ahhhhhh!    I'm just bullshitting you.  He's terrible.


To the tune of "That's Amore", here's my tribute to the recent meeting of the leaders of North & South Korea:
When Moon crosses to the other side
To meet Kim,  I must confide
That's so okay.
But Kim could poke Moon in the eye
As he's such a sneaky guy
Let's hope not, anyway.
You just can’t help but take jabs can you? Absolutely pathetic.
You must make your Mother so Proud

Listen I know you think you’re cute and funny. You’re not!!! I know you think you’re very educated... you’re about as educated as the average farm mule!!!
Yeah its trending for sure!
Your peeps are the ONLY ones faking a limp!
Stephen take it easy on Dotard Don he seriously needs help.
His heel spurs are acting up about now!
Nah thats Hillary throwing herself down the stairs hoping for pity & praying noone remembers the $10.5 billion in aid they stole from Haiti! They decided afterwards to give them ONLY 1%!!

