Thanks for having me tonight @60Minutes. Learn more about my organization @CampaignLegal and help support our work: http://campaignlegalcenter.org  #60Minutes #StormyDaniels https://twitter.com/CampaignLegal/status/978059793259778048 …
Thanks, @StephenAtHome. You and Ham Rove are always in our hearts... and in our conference room.
I know that dude!
I miss #HamRove! Trevor’s kinda cool too, I guess.
Ham Rove’s memory lives on in our hearts.
Any word on how much Stephen's super pac collected for ham rove?
(But in all seriousness.... buymybook.)
I'll buy it
Trevor Potter is what Harry Potter would have become if he never left his room under the stairs.
Good times!
just a silly question but why would they have a homosexual who understands nothing about consensual sex between heterosexual partners do the interview. I know AC works for both cnn and 60 minutes
Because Anderson Cooper is a good interviewer and a good journalist? Not sure what him being gay has to do with anything. He doesn’t have to have personally banged women before to interview someone about an affair they had.
sorry forget to add - AC would have been perfect if the story was about 2 homosexuals having sex

Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
@ruthgreenwood 
I'm not too worried about that Chinese space station that will fall back to Earth any day now, although I did get a fortune cookie that said  "A large intergalactic object, more than won ton,  may land in your yard soon".
I approve of this message! 
The Chinese space station will fall back to Earth any day now. If a piece of it should land on top of a classmate, Rick Santorum recommends administering CPR.
Wouldn’t that take the cake! With everything that has happened during and after the Presidential election, the one thing that may bring the bull down is illegal campaign contributions! The Irony. 
Miss the days of Carson when late night was true humor, entertainment, and Johnny's personality. All you bring is the hate of a left wing nut job platform of old rhetoric. Each night you lose 50% of your audience. The other 50% live in CA.
I am glad that someone is working for everyone because the President and Congress surely are NOT!!
I thought of him on your show. Very cool sighting. Great job, as always.
i was thinking the same thing. was explaining to my dad how you had him on the old show!
I'd totally forgotten about Colbert's lawyer, Trevor Potter. What a great, honorable guy.
#HRCVIDEO #RELEASETHEVIDEO #MAGA #QANON @READONALDTRUMP
You guys thought heavens would fall yesterday. All have sinned and have gone short of glory, including mr Potus. Not all crimes are sin, and not sins are crime. God is the only arbiter.
CAMPAIGN'S should be like my CAMPAIGN! NOT about money just about genius ideas/methods.
I remember looking down on E St NW from my 7th floor office at the FEC the day Stephen came to speak in front of the Commission. My face pressed up against the glass watching SC work the crowd, I thought to myself, “this is probably going to be the highlight of my FEC career.”
Love Trevor Potter spottings too. One (or is it 2) degrees of separation from fame.
What about (L) & (G) Americans, @StephenAtHome? #OpenTheDebates already!
Trevor! We miss you!  We all need to see more of you and the new work u r doing ! And thanks to SC for introducing u to the world!
Don'sDiary, Lake Tahoo 2006:
7:00 woke beside beautiful Karen, she must really love me
9:00 grabbed a young beauty in elevator down, she enjoyed
11:00 on phone with Melania, she can't wait for me to come 
13:00 Karen departed
13:15 Invited Stormy for dinner....
I got excited to see him, too.
I remembered when he advised you,so great
PAC Up Your Troubles in Your Old Kit-Bag, and Smile, Smile, Smile.
I told my husband that he was your Superpac guy. He agreed.
@StormyDaniels ROCKS !!!!!!  You should be praising her, have her on your show !
I’ve really liked Mr. Potter since seeing him long ago on the Colbert Report. Nice to see him this evening!

I remember @thetrevorpotter from your other show and my ears perked up as soon as I saw him. I know he works for Americans, not politicians. Thanks for introducing him to your audience.
What a Peabody award winning time that was!
I think we need to make a movement that results in congress making a bill that says no bills can be brought to a vote without sufficient time to review and understand the contents of the said bill in question.  We passed the tax scam and the spending bill this way.  Unacceptable.
That guy is a hero. Those segments were amazing!
I plan on having one of his kin for Easter dinner! #RIPhamrove
How am I just now finding this?! Gah!

Careful with that intraparty advocacy, Stephen. You just might find yourself in a photoshopped pic waving a Soviet flag and conspiring against freedum.
Is he STILL your personal lawyer? Those were so fun!
I hope that you are covering the rape of #JuanitaBroddrick tomorrow, the rape victim of slick willie. Trump paid for services rendered, he didn't rape her. #PaulaJones
Not the issue, though. It's campaign finance.

I miss Americans for a Better Tomorrow, Tomorrow
I will never see Trevor Potter and not immediately think of his work for The Colbert Nation.
i miss hammy
