Molly is nuts for @SteveKornacki! #boykinsforever
Beautiful dog! Lovely carpet!
~Wonderful of u to say. What a gentleman.
Nice dog!
Feed raw chicken, cage-free
Praying for you
me at the end of the night/morning when results were finally announced - Go Connor
#NationalPetDay sport with your paw pal with a set of their own custom dog steps!#supportsmallbusiness #custom #handmade #MadeInAmerica #americanmade http://woodpetsteps.com 
I see your puppy, and so does my puppy.
Is that your puppy or my puppy?
Mine isn't quite as dark as yours. CJ is... I call it otter-colored. Plus, the scar on my puppy's right front leg is a line and your pup looks like he just has a spot.
I have a feeling it’s gonna be a long night.  I hope I can sleep as well as my doggie.
Cindy, I was so happy to see you Monday. Hope you are feeling as well as possible! 
What is a PA-18 test?  Sweet doggie.
What? Wait, a non Trump bashing post!  OMG.  Oh, I bet you can spin the election to bash Trump - no panic then since that's your only source of humor.  Sure miss the old Colbert.

What's up with your guy? 
Get well soon buddy :)
TOTAL "BABE-Ness"!! ;)
Lamb won
I live in PA18. Voted for Conor Lamb. Nothing but Lamb signs around here! The blue wave is coming.
@la_croix_toy @DylanPShultz hello I haven’t seen any picture of booker waiting for results, wth
He’s a disaffected voter
holy heck your new display name is incredible
Same
Your dogs are the cutest dogs on Twitter. Seriously.
thank you :)
~DO Not, I repeat, DO NOT put him on a United flight.
Awww, so cute.
Hope you don't get too bored!
I know.
Saying a Hail Mary for your puppy!
The Trump Effect, in a past Republican 20% dominance. Another DEM victory. TY Trump.
What a cutie 
Gave up -
Awww, the little tongue. Must be really wiped. 
What a sweet dog!  Love boykins!
Good dog.
Oh how so cute
Disheartened American...
#na
I just saw in @gardenandgun that you were a native South Carolinian...but now I know it's true! Sweetest dogs ever! #statedog
Awww.
Nice couch @StephenAtHome
Is it taking the 2 remaining districts so long because they are under Russian pressure to find a creative way to make Trump’s candidate win?
No, its taking so long because they had to pick out all of the illegal alien votes and then they found votes cast by dead people. You know, the usual democratic strategy to win.
What a night...
que dios te bendiga amen
http://theoryoflife16.blogspot.com/2018/02/theory-of-life-e68-best-quotes-by-dalai.html?spref=tw …
Love to your best friend
Relax Lamb Won.
YEEEEESSSS!!!!!!!  FLIP OFF tRump
Stephen Colbert's dog is waiting to take a crap on Trump's grave, aren't we all.
One thing I wish would happen in these close races is that the winner will represent all the voters and needs to consider all things when voting.
! I just read about Boykin spaniels today! 
Me too! Just watched @StephenAtHome. Come on #PA18
There are three boykins at my work! Remy says hello from Clemson, SC!
Lamb, lamb,Lamb
Ainsley is concerned about snow affecting voter turnout.
Me tooooooits nerve racking and beautiful. Cmon Lamb!!!
Oh my gosh
Lincoln tried but needed his beauty sleep..
Holy Christ could PA be any tighter  ? I guess they r waiting for the Russian absentee ballads....
I'm waiting while watching #LSSC & @jaketapper & @NPR twitter feeds
Nope, just found out he’s been fired by Trump.
How about props for the Libertarian @DrewGrayMiller  when you get s chance Stephen! #bigfan
@LKernahaha
Ahh, so sorry.  Sending good thoughts.
We're with ya...
@kurtnorman4 Aren't we all!
Who won?


You let your wife on the couch?
Lookin’   goood. Fingers crossed..

Miss Merritt remains cautiously optimistic late into the night. #PA18 #BoykinsForever
In love with your pup.
I feel the same way. It’s 12:03am where I live.
Soooo cute!!
Not going to get them tonight 
It’s a ruff life.
Hopefully it will take a few years and we will have to replace Colbert on TV sounds Great to me
“Count us in”
Winston isn't happy with what is going on in the States and with Trump
Is Cookie usually like this? 
I'm right there with you pup.

Yeah, here too.
Hopeful and sleepy
Boykin Spaniel, the only dog a real South Carolinian will own. Keep reppin' Mr Colbert.

All I got is a pair of cats. They're aces in my book, though. 
This wait’s gonna be ruff on these two
Perhaps lamenting his wasted vote for the Libertarian candidate? #PA18
Sweet boy.  He must be a Democrat.
My Kona is out cold on the couch also.
Too scared to look
Too close to call right now
Omg you changed your name 
In homage to the backwards world we are living in everyday!!
It’s cool because it looks Russian 
That’s just perfect!  Achievement unlocked!
Bishop is the same.
Yep... us, too!
I'm hearing that the two outstanding precincts are the Moscow and Leningrad areas of Westmorland Co. where Republicans tend to out perform Dems by a YUGE margin.
Adorable!
Trump, Don Jr., Conway and Pence did a full Court press for Saccone, but he lags behind Lamb in Pennsylvania special election.  #KeepAmericaGreat2020 ain’t working!
It’s more like
Omg. A Boykin SPaniel? R they in Westminster yet. Love them.
Imagine he’s for the Bluedog.
Me too way way past my bedroom time.
@StephenAtHome Have you ever used the alias Drew Miller?
OMG! You have a dog???
Stephen Colbert さん

    Waiting for ◯◯ results...

Thank you very much.
Raise you a pup in a dress 
Awwwwe What a cute pup. I hope that’s not clipart          Mr. Colbert ( Jump cut 23 second shot of Vicki Lawrence as “Mama” giving “that look”… Because I’ve fallen in love with that pup, which I assume yours.
Saccone’s dog is trying to avoid a beating....
Gotta love the 
Somebody is growing a white beard.
Whoze growin' a white beard..
Whoze growin' a white beard due to Pennsylvania Special Election?
Waiting for PA-18 results...
#boykinsforever 
Me too!
What a beautiful spaniel!


Same here...
#DeeDee
Mine got tired too !, I'm glad he can sleep 
Tracking every precinct, every percentage. Austin is ALL IN!
They gave up and both threw in the towel
Ollie is trying to be patient. Come on, #ConorLamb ! 

Oh thank goodness. I googled pa 18 thinking it was a medical test. Just the election, you’re dog’s fine. Whew. 
we all are!
#boykinsforever indeed!
Boykins are the greatest indeed.
Lemme guess....  There wasn't any gray before tonight?  Lol
Stephen...you have a Boykin?????
Swears there is No collusion
Last time I went to bed thinking all was good I woke up to Donald Disaster. I can't sleep and I'm not exactly sure where Pa is on the map!
Or is pooch just depressed about Westmoreland county refusing to release the by-precinct numbers. Dogs sense election fraud, you know.
@kelcy_b
Yup
Me waiting for #PA18 election results.

Same lol
I think someone tapped out
#Lamb #PA18
You dog so cute
Time to snuggle up with Cookie. C'mon, Conor Lamb!
She rescued us!
Watching @SteveKornacki with my dog snoozing on my lap.  She's not as impressed by Steve's enthusiasm and math skills as I am.
At least some of us are calm.
Yeah. We're watching. #DixieLove
Sitting on my wee wee pad just in case
 – at Kiveton Park Pool
#ConorLambForCongress
nailed it.

Yep
Us too.
Rio and I can't deal with this stress!
He just can't!
oh hi doggie
Wake me when the absentee ballots are in... River Song 
Lamb aint perfect but he's better than the alternative.  Plus in 4 months it won't matter.  New district map

As I have evolved to senior citizenship, I now believe the life of a dog is just as important as the life of a human. Dogs, elephants and dolphins are God’s greatest animal creations.  And I LOVE your dog.
Come on Lamb!! 
Dogs make the difference. I think he’s calling it for Lamb.
Prayers and love
Now take the stats and add a couple of zeros to each figure and you get an idea of the scale of California votes in comparison.  These little States really get a disproportionate amount of attention.
Us too!
GAWWWWW it's killing me! And I live in Texas! #bluewavetexas
I know that's right. Nail biting to the nubbs!
My dog accidentally saw Fox News when I was switching channels and this is what she did 
Feeling the same.
Spaniel?
Wake me up when it's ALL over!
aaarrrggghhh tomorrow
so true... same page here!
I'm more like this
"If you saw the movie A Beautiful Mind, the Steve Kornacki portion of our screen will look familiar to you."  Brian Williams
More like
Awww..
Very Patrician dog
Same
If they're not giving out dog treats wake me when it's over.
Waiting here in Bondi...
Spaniels all day
Dog twitter is the only good twitter...
Waiting is ruff...
Not gonna make it...

#boykinsforever
#rescuesforever
Love to you and your family... in particular the awesome 4 legged members
Did you  #DidOJConfess
Nerve racking!
Lucky you and lucky Boykin
Daisy doesn't care.
#Lamb up 853 votes with 98% of votes in  #PA18
Hoping Trump Dem Conor Lamb pulls this out!
That's nice - here I am #PA18 #GoConorGo
You should do a “Better Know A District” segment on the fighting 18th!
Hey dog, Anderson Cooper told us not to go to sleep yet
Going to be a long night! LETS GO LAMB!

If the demo win
Awww! So cute
Me too
You're not watching @SteveKornacki #TrackingKornacki
Cockers baby. It's all about cocker spaniels.
#statedoggo
Probably not going to happen tonight 
if democrats didnt win by a landslide they would have told us by now. The fact that they are pretending its close means that democrats won and they need toime to rig it. fbi rigs the elections in this country.
Who's the dog rooting for?
Lamb supporters in Pittsburgh tonight
Same here in NC! #LambforCongress
He can't take it any more
KAWAII
We're trying! Washington county says they will count absentees tonight. Ugh. #ConorLamb #PA18
That’s one sweet pup.
Poor little doggie!
