So he's almost bald
@vera13392884 
Thank goodness no one has your left ear... or is it your right ear is strange?
Most importantly, he has his great-grandmother's money.
Grandma, actually.
Oh. my. God... To the ladies who, like me, had a childhood crush on Prince William... can't have it all (esp not all the hair follicles).
I had a crush on Harry, so I was doing pretty good until he met Megan. #dreamshattered
lol!  Harry was the better bet at this point.
and Grandpa's teeth!
My latest: the birthing of UK's new baby prince vs what Americans pay more for. 
"America is a nation of beggars, forced to seek the pity of strangers who may choose who shall live based on charity & who shall die for lack of support."
Interesting coincidence in the news cycle.  We suffer from cost control issue, which is a (not only) driver of care equality.  My contacts in UK paint a much less rosy picture of NHS though, not sure its possible blue to directly compare.
Ghee, Hilarious.
Why should anyone care about a "royal" family?
Well, somebody certainky has his father's hair!
This is funny. A rarity from you these days
See??? Your Trumps Bitch... the one time you get off him and tweet about something other than him, its not even close to being funny... TRUMP OWNS YOU Swarmy Tool

Pos se quedará calvo a los 30, pobre chiquillo
That joke is offensive to people with Alopecia please apologize.
Baldness is passed through the Mother, not the father. 
And who really cares?  Noooooot me!
Good one!

And they probably won't starve him to death if he gets sick.
1 for 2
   
you forgot to mention, he has his great grand mother's money
Does he have a lightning scar, too?
@StephenAtHome very clever...I see what you did there...
Rude!  Hahahaha!

Let’s hope his hair isn’t haunted!

iii llovee youuu 
Ugh.... not everyone can have that Colbert hair...
El pelo del papa!!! El que ninguno tiene... 
You are one hilarious mofo.
Old joke, but I’ll pay it...
Colbert you a pain the ass but I love ya!

You are really a boring nitwit!
And the British taxpayers money!
Are you just a sad person?
....and his grandma's jewels.
Congratulations! So ironic while another baby, Alfie Evans is denied of life support system by the state. The same government who paid for the royal birth.
Ouch
Another Royal?  Allowing them to breed is akin to taking a viagra so the tapeworms inside you can stage an orgy.
wonder if the royal baby had the same problems as little alfie would they turn its life supprt off?
I cannot prove but I wouldn't be suprised this joke was first told in 1982.
And John Oliver's accent. Allegedly.
congratulations!!
Why is there still a royal family? Whoever is born just gets castles and tax money to live lavish lives? just because of the fact they were born into a particular family tree. 
Prime minister and parliament handle the govt. right?
Lmao I’m weak!!
Never make fun of a man for things he cannot change
And the forked tongue and reptilian skin of his grandma?
Do you want them to die?!?!? Stephen stop it!

Besides... who would be Voldemort?
Tell them to stop now, that's more then enough no..?
Grandfather's, too
@StephenAtHome
Aye bless ya helmet head 
Rough start for a prince.
What hai......oh, never mind.
Sounds like a line straight out of Harry Potter (accent included)
But not his father's hairline
Duuuude...
As long he doesn’t resemble aunty Beatrice, he’s good.
You can do better.
Rude
You're naughty!
Naughty ehhhhhh you’re a nonce


*casually chirps a prince about going bald*
Would you consider Trump a royal baby?
He’s Harry Potter.

I've noticed a lot of Harry Potter related tweets @StephenAtHome! Love your commitment!
@jjwrenn22 

It’s the potus fault and you know it

Lmao my eyes!!!!
This is why you didn't get an invite

WOW! Haiti got the word! They're protesting in the streets you guys! Look at the size of that crowd!

I wonder why the media isn't covering this?

…
Let's hope that pattern changes as he gets older

Yea! Stephen is funny again!
Zing!
Also he already has their sense of privilege and entitlement,and i believe he has to slay a dragon before his fifth birthday or he's fed to the queens dogs
Dying 
Father has hair 
Olde #WhatsHisName

Have you lost your American libido?
 
So wrong
How dare you assume the baby's gender. They can be a he or she
The only Royal drawback...M.P.B. at puberty!
Pay Attention to @ArabianMiguel & tell me what the hell is going with our government & the FBI???? #Trump #Toronto #Real
Burn!
Like Harry Potter!
Steeeeeeeven
Lèse-majesté
You can do better than a bald joke.
BTW, if we’re recommending names, may I suggest Prince Billy Joe Bob Windsor?

And his grandmothers final words...mostly just screaming
So they’re gonna call him Harry?


Boy, daddy sure is bald, isn’t he? He should consider mowing the margins and just going full cueball.
Did you come up with that all by yourself? Or did one of your writers do it? Just wondering...
not the royal hairline!!!!
To quote an old episode of the Colbert Report...
Believe me SO many people are counciling the royal couple to name their beautiful beautiful new baby Donald, Rasmussen has the number at 99%. Even though I’m just a normal guy, I have to agree. Yours truly, John Barron. MAGA. WALL.
I don’t get the joke. But I guess because eyes aren’t open yet and is hairless it’s funny?  So mom has eye closed and Dad is bold?
His father's hair??? Which photo u looking @ mate,,, he's got nothing...he's bald poor little fella
...and everyone else's money.

And the milkman’s genes?


Savage
And his dad nose!!  but congrats he’s gorgeous!
Lol 
You mean his father’s heir. 

I see what you did there, Mr. Colbert. But then I'm a little fanatical when it comes to Mr. P.   Cheers!
And my axe!
Wow so funny.
Looks like the royal family is going to make downtown abbey a documentary
... and his Great Grandfather’s temperament.

Oh, snap.
Father does not have hos hair.. pay attention lol
And his country's wealth
LOL
Poor child lol
That's awful.  what are they using?
@Abhi005 get it?!!
Not cool
We need to legalize non-toxic chewy Cannabis treats for teens, and we need to do it YESTERDAY. #acreageholdings
Ouch.
Aaaaand we don't care
Shit, I've got his father's hair.....
@StephenAtHome and looks like the grandmothers
Literally LOLed
Might even have the ego to match
And he has all their money, too.
It's not nice to #hairshame.

Kinda mean for no reason.

He's hansom and oh so cute!!!
And an entitlement to a privileged life  at the tax payers expense.
Me Ow

Getting a little familiar with the Wildcat in-laws, there Stephen.
Stephen.
Is he the chosen one?

I think you misspelled heir.
And he has British people wealth on his hand

Ur a dick
The Baby current known as Prince

And Trumps penis!!!!
Talking about Don, Jr?
Can someone please explain to me why we, as Americans, give the slightest shit about these people having babies and getting married?
Aww, come on every one loves babies. Why should we care about any rich, famous, well known person? We like looking into their world. Have you never dreamed of being rich or famous? How about popular, loved, admired or popular? If you say no, you'd lie about other things too.
You are Stoopit but so right 
“Oof”
Burn

Wakka....wakkka....*whispers* Wakka.
What?
And my name.
Get clued up! The Windsors are gone; now it's The Wales!


Oh, he didn't look that bald to me.
And a nation’s unearned wealth and opulence



see no evil, hair no evil
And it's a much more wholesome story than the story of our American royal baby
Congratulations, man!
Long live Baby Longshanks

He is lucky he does not have granddads noise and ears!!!
And boy, is his mother pissed . . .
I have my fathers hair.. none
WELCOME to the World Little One
I'm Still Rooting for the name Legolas....!!!!!
@BetteMidler in my mother’s eyes?
Hilarious (the hair thing, that is)
#savageAF
Boooooooooooooo
Hey no bald shaming.  I too is a bit light up top
