Stephen, please consider doing a fireside chat segment on your show, where you just read us the Comey book as a bedtime story. Please.
Would watch.
Ditto!
I will be watching either way.  Lol
Lordy, please let there be an audiobook!
There is. Read by the author. I am number 92 with OverDrive through my library. (One copy.)
I'm 73 with 4 available in out system.
If you don't already have an audible membership, you get a free credit for signing up.

Even if you end your service, you get to keep any books you've purchased (with credits or cash)
That's probably just The Silmarillion in the book sleeve.
The Nixon poster in the background gives this a nice extra touch 
i love you so much holy shit
Same
Please tell trump what its about when youre done since he already claims its untruthful without reading it. 

He can't read and became President is his argument against education, probably.
That's the saddest and truest statement I've read in a long time. Excellent
More like......
#ditto
On tonight's 'Fireside Chat' with Stephen Colbert ...
"President Nixon — Now More than Ever"

Truer words never posted.
Yeah, yeah to the book and @StephenAtHome, but did George McGovern sign that Nixon poster?
(Trump stabs his Colbert voodoo doll with his really small knife that was custom made to be wielded by his really small hands)
You are my favorite geek! The funny part is just extra topping on the hilarious Sunday of you!!
Jealous! Those of us that aren't famous have to wait until Tuesday!  

I'll send it!
I sent it -- what happens next ;O)  ?
We wait 
I just started skimming @hotdudesreading, & Holy WOW!  Have any of the Hot Dudes ID'd themselves? Also, might be some examples inspired by @ZachBraff  via @AlexIncABC @Disney w/ #MagicOfStorytelling !  Also attaching my submission as an example, though I'm no Dude :) ...
Yes! Me too! I mean, I as well !
That "President Nixon: Now More Than Ever" poster seems appropriate to where we are now.
I have a comic crush on you.  Can't wait to hear about your date night.
Love me some Steven Colbert! Thanks again for my huge belly laughs watching your show 
Best date ever. Uses big words, check. Full of good gossip, check. Provides material for your job, check. Will leave you satisfied at the end...let us know!
People in the building across from you are reading over your shoulder to save the money.
I LOVE YOU
Pee and fury

Me, too!  
Looking forward to that review, haha.
 Have fun!
Me too Stephen.
It’s funny, because Trump doesn’t read
Is that a Nixon poster?
Here I thought a "slime ball," was some one that takes 5 deferments from protecting our country?
You’ll read that in one day and have plenty to ask and comment on when you interview James Comey on Late Night with Stephen Colbert on Tuesday, April 17th.
You’re even more handsome when you are reading if you don’t mind me saying so

@StephenAtHome  You must buy your date a drink. Might I suggest a White Russian, or an Orange Julius (Caesar)
Your Nixon poster is signed by McGovern?
Dam you and your rare Americana! "I Like Ike" button and Nixon campaign poster?! I majored in American history damn you! :)
I am so excited for this to come out!
GET the FACTS .. 'A Higher Loyalty .. Truth.. Lies.. Leadership' by Fmr FBI Director James @Comey https://www.amazon.com/Higher-Loyalty-Truth-Lies-Leadership/dp/1250192455/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1523621974&sr=1-1&keywords=james+comey+book+a+higher+loyalty … … … … … … ..   @NewDay @abcnews @GStephanopoulos ABC Sunday Night April 15th, 2018 ..  #theview @theview
SHOWOFF
Hot stuff!
You mean the book entitled, “The candidate I helped put in office turned out to be an incompetent, corrupt traitor”?
Happy Friday the 13th! I sense things are going to start getting ugly. But the change is necessary. No more secrets, no more lies for @realDonaldTrump . The shadows are going to start coming out of the Dark soon into the light of Day. Glasnost is upon us.
Is it the lady in the red jacket in the other building listening in on a wiretap?
I’m also trying to figure out what’s happening over there! Flashes of #ForrestGump and the Watergate hotel...
So handsome

You reading that in front of a Nixon poster? That is one hell of a way to frame a photograph!  Bravo
Let me know if  Comey comes off as a “grandstander & showboat” . By far one of the craziest things Trump has said about somebody & frankly one of my favs.
Wish you were my date 
On Tuesday can you kindly ask Comey why he did what he did thus putting Spanky in the Oval Office. I admire the former director but he hurt my feelings.

We love you.
Someone's intending to take full control of that interview with Comey! Can't wait.
LLLLLLUUUUUUUCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKYYYYYYYYY!
I’m going on a Russian pee weekend!
Just 1 of the many reasons why i love ya
I like your poster @StephenAtHome
Love Stephen Colbert. Don't miss a show.
Indeed...
Dude, be the audiotape guy
@achaotictheory
I love your show- greatly appreciate you. Good that @comey will be on. Will you be asking him about how/why he, in a nutshell, single-handedly gave the election to Trump? I think people are torn about receiving his book after him being an accomplice to this presidency.
I have it preorder
Show research or LL Bean photo shoot?
Can’t wait til Tuesday
Careful who you email.
Your contribution @StephenAtHome  to #NationalLibraryWeek2018 . Enjoy, although the felines will not let us order it, they've taken the computer hostage. Bo, Bryant & Huxley from the swamps of DC
Looks like it's giving you a headache.
@TucsonBlonde I got a date with a lawn mower and Fender bass.
Wanna make it a 3 way? 
Are you taking a week off when the new Tolkien book comes out?
So does mean you’re giving writers next 2 weeks off, since you’ll have at least that much material by the time you’re done? 
Happy Reading
Well my date isn’t until the 17th unfortunately.
I will as soon as I can get it
How'd you get that already? 
I'm waiting for the Comey sequel, "Sorry Hillary, I Tried."
Love the Nixon poster! HAHAHA
is her name @_samanthaaann_
Show of hands of authors trying to photoshop their latest book here.
Do you actually believe that Comey wrote that book himself, like all the other people cashing in on the Trump era, they had a Ghost Writer do it for them,they can’t wait to get rich from it, but I’m sure yours was a freebie.
Show off.
I should be getting mine in the mail today, too...can't wait!!
读书的样子，很潇洒
I would love to be that book. I want to see the entire "President Nixon" poster that is behind you.
She’s a real-page turner
#ComeyAtHomey Enjoy.
And this is why I truly love you.
Great reading room, btw
Love you!! haha!
The best type of homework! So excited to see you sit down with @Comey next week.
Ditto
God speed to you sir
So jealous!
I sort of expect to see 'photo credit Phil Sousa'
Looking forward to Monday!

Bring a rain coat.
Damn, I'm envious!!
If you need more, heard @WhiteHouse got 10,000 copies! 
But  can anyone in the White House read?

Is that from his golden showers?
Why do you have a Richard Nixon poster?
Sigh.
You know who else has lots of Richard Nixon posters? @RogerStone
With #moronicself.. again.@PrisonPlanet @WomenforTrump
and your right hand? same difference....
Figures, loser. You wouldn't have anything else going.
Great interview with James Comey
Great chance to add to your stupidity!
Where the hell are you, wood paneling and presidential memorabilia..
And, how was it?

Is the Nixon poster a gag?
Ha I’m reading the same book
Poisoning your mind! His book is fake just like Bannon' , people that do wrong and get fired write a fake book, to make themselves look better, they hope.
Where's the Dixie cup of Sharaz?
I’ve got a date with the same guy.
That's a sweet pin collection, bro.
Why don't you read a book?
@StephenAtHome nice presidential pin collection! I'd be glad to add some of my collection to yours!
Enjoy your date. You’ve worked hard making us laugh all week!
I don't wanna read his shit book. I refuse to give that ass a dime
I guess being on television and being so cheap must go hand in hand. Have you no decency? No understanding of a joke? May God have mercy on you.
Nothing better than a nice book when it’s.... Stormy outside...
I want Stephen Colbert for my birthday.
I’ll resort to begging ~ For the love of all things Holy Mr. Colbert, how about you show Secretary Clinton her due respect tonight with Mr. Comey? How refreshing it would be to show her kindness she has always shown to you. As has Chelsea. Pay it forward
How could he not tell America about Russia but being up emails from wiener and take 9 days to exonerate when one day was enough time to clear that computer.  He was anti democrat infighting@republican
I hope you have a bucket nearby in case you fwow up.
A Hobbit?
U know how to read? Never knew. Your date is a book like HRC that is from a disgruntled has been. That is okay. We get it. But I am wondering WHY your interview with POTUS that praised him for running for president does not exist on Youtube anymore?
How is it Stephen?
If #VladamirPutin does visit #Trump at the #WhiteHouse, I bet he will be served some #pea soup to begin his festive meal.

#TimePhoneHack
Can't wait to your Tuesday guest appearance of the author.
Steven. Can I have that when you’re done? Can pick it up from your office. You need a Ryan Adams cd or some golf balls or an Eric Clapton biography?
You should have Jordan B Peterson on your show sometime because he is very popular.
Me too!
I hope we have a date next week with a crying Tuck Buckford. But not sure a parody of this past Friday’s Info Wars is possible. Was laughing so hard at it already. Watch his co-host twiddle his finders on the desk. Ha!
O Philadelphia, City of Brotherly love
Whatever were you thinking of?
At a Starbucks where baristas were serving cappuccino
The cops cuffed 2 patrons as if they were Scarface Al Pacino

Was it because they were not as light as espresso cream that they were given the shove?
H
100% not gonna pop out from under your desk. Better idea let’s sing a rap. Let’s unite. I have a cool song with lyrics I wrote of my signs and symptoms of Multiple Sclerosis. Would you be interested or even support something like this? Less then 2 minutes and you will be hooked.
yeah guess you gotta put down the vibrator and turn off CNN...pity.
Hey! At least you have a date!! My copy’s on back order so I guess I’ve been stood up :(
Loved this episode!
Is that his easy chair at home?
I can not wait to see The Comey interview !!!
Invite comey to @colbertlateshow
17 people ahead of me at the library, but then it's #Comeytime
Don’t drool and fall asleep reading that garbage.  It’s the same as reading Donald Trump’s memoirs. Both probably full of lies.
Can't wait for all the fresh material this will provide
the liberal democrats will do anything to destroy Trump instead of focusing on fixing our country!!!
He appears to be reading the spaces....someone show him where the words are...
Hey Stephen, how's your date going?
Same.
Canada thanks you
Why do people keep writing books about me?!??!?? Everyone knows I don't read.
My kind of day.
book should be called "A Higher Royalty Check"... I do admire how Comey has sorta trolled the left. He was accused of costing Hillary the election, now he has convinced them he's the most ethical man in Washington. AND convinced them to buy a book with everything we already know.
Alone again, naturally....Do you need an interrupter, or was your mind already made up before it even went to press?
Why no comment on Syria? Are you a warhawk too?
Can't wait for the interview on Tuesday

Hope it is rapey
Looking forward to Tuesday nite’s show. Do ask C why he went LOW when TRUMP went LOW. That surprised me, thinking he would go HIGH!
I’ve got the same poster
Please make the cookie monster your Andy richter.
This should be gooood
I am sure it will be an interesting Read.....enjoy

I am jealous!!
Actually his “date” is up by his forehead.
Wondering if you and Stewart and @iamjohnoliver and @iamsambee have started a book club yet?
HAWT!
Please ask Comey if he called his book a "higher" loyalty to get in a dig at he and Trump's relative height.
Shelve this book as fiction.
If you were the “voice talent” for the audible version that would be awesome!
I'd like to double with you. Going to pick mine up shortly. 
Same here!
Who will play Comey in the movie???
Why President Nixon on the wall ?
Pls ask Comey abt his decision to make public's @HillaryClinton email investigation! Regrets? Pls pls press him hard
I hope somebody reads Comey’s book to trumpf.
Steven, I want to know what u think about 67 million in one year to play golf?? Our taxes should not be paying for that! I am old onSS 725$ a month to live on and trump spends 67 million on GOLF???
What are your thoughts so far?  Is Comey really a liar and a scumbag?? I think not, IMO
Yes
I love his alternate title!
Lmao!!!
He's cool with you looking like a walking @LLBean catalog? I guess there really IS someone for everyone! Also, I'm guessing the kayak is just out of frame?
I’m thinking that’s the best he could get.
