What a man you are!!! Lol!!! So much estrogen...
Michael Bolton is awesome! He's handsome,funny and an awesome artist!
I love this! And all your jokes that millennials are too young to get. #columbiahouse
Brilliant. And sounds just like old Bolton classics.  Thank you!
Hey you guys, if David Hasselhoff changes his name and cultivates his stache, do you think he could get in on this action?

I lost my tweet, which was that this works w/Hall&Oates, She's Gone. I don't have copywrite permission but if you replace "she" w/"it", it can work abt hc, 401ks, lost hope of lowering the deficit, etc & works esp at the verse abt having 1 fewer teeth.
relevant: 
"When a Trump loves a Bolton,
seeing his face on Fox News,
he'd trade off McMaster
for more hawkish views."…
Have you noticed the similarities between these two?

Anti Christian bigot
I can’t wait till CNN gives SNL credit for this as well
Love this what a great way to present the news 
look if you want someone to mis-assess situations he's the guy .... we all know Trump likes alternative facts, so why not alternative evaluations of situations? lol
Johnny Carson was a Class Act.   Carson seldom invited political figures onto the Tonight Show because he "didn't want it to become a political forum" and did not want the show used, by himself or others, to influence the opinions of the viewers

Good night
That man's voice...Just gets better with time. Or my memories of it gets worse as I age and everytime I listen to it again, I'm reminded of his gloriousity (it should be a word).
Makes me want to put on my "Freedom Hat" that @realDonaldTrump is selling.
Please have @danacarvey on again, soon!!! Dana has the same quirky hilarity as you! He is always hilarious and Oh my God, #JohnBolton? I almost peed my pants. More, please! #sofunnytofail
Brilliant
Can you have Comedian & artist Jim Carrey on the show?
Trump called. He said he doesn’t accept your apology until you denounce your network’s coverage of him and his administration.
I love this. It's hilarious!! 
I have to say that I thought when you said Alex Wagner used to be a man, specifically Mark Halprin, that that was one of the best sex change operations I’d ever seen.
Funny
@thisisacting__ @mariochard  enjoy!

What is going on here!! Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. Luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
#FoxNewsatnight…
So perfect Michael!! America is in dire straits!! Thank you 
In bad taste SC Holy Thursday has been tainted by bad comedy. Well I think it was. Bolton is not a simple commonality between bad newly appointed politicians and singers with the same last name. Unless it’s his brother, and he ain’t  heavy!!!
Lol
You sing it MB 

What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
 
and just like that...I'm a Michael Bolton fan...
Chicken Hawk John Bolton looks like Colonel Sanders 
Love it!!!!


I miss when Mr Colbert was kissing my ass on his show, and now that i’m President he’s been acting like a total buffoon. What a hypocrite. SAD!       @StephenAtHome 
@today_explained Honestly yours was just as good if not better.
Thank you  @mbsings ..much needed after this week!
Gotta love Bolton, he can make anything sound cool...check him out with the Lonely Island. Fukin hilarious.
#CaptainAmerica MB #JackSparrow saves the day, the #USA and the #world ... #RockON #MBforPresident2020
That made my day!
Beware the Mustachioed Mafia! (known in dimly lit parking garages as "The M&Ms"....mmmmm)The Sharks tangled with 'em and you see where that got them! ....well...It was more of a tango than a tangled....and some finger snaps...
Your a creative genius
And all this time I thought the walrus was Paul.
Are there words for “Taps?”
Yes
English is hard, da Comrade?
Now, if we can just have a chorus of Trump supporters singing, "He Said He Loved Us, But He Lied"...
~I love this. 
I had tears in my eyes laughing so hard. Thank you!
I love that he has that sense of humor. We all need a reason to laugh, and your show is at the top of my life! Thanks!
Ridiculous!  Need a mustache emoji!
This is brilliant.

It is not advisible to mix music with politics. Neither is a REAL FUN!
I am getting more and more upset with this Administration because I'm a transgender woman and feel I am  under attack all the time. I wish I can go on a talk show and tell the world how I feel.
wow you look just like @mbsings did about 30 years ago.    that's hard to pull off!  you need some leather pants and you could do a remake of 'Fool's Game' 
Do you realize I am not a guy and thank you very much for insulting me? You don't seem to understand what a transgender woman means. Do not throw your religious dogma at me..
Office Space Michael Bolton is the better Michael Bolton.
Are you a 'refugee' when you are passing a lot of safe countries only to get you there where you can get the most?
Or are you then an illegal economic migrant?
BOT BOT BOT 
My walrus mustache can kill on command! 
He never said that, but I’ll bet it’s trueeee! Go Michael Bolton! 
Click Video En Vivo  https://goo.gl/bdqxoG   
