Thank you for an intelligent, concise, well researched interview. It gave me the context I needed for the email investigation. #Comey explanation of why Trump can't change was brilliant.
@willowreader .. I 100% agree with you about the context with the emails! I was and always will be unhappy how it played out BUT... tonight I actually had a better understanding....
I feel the same way I understand.  Still think he made the wrong decision.
He would gave been screwed either way. If he didn't come out w/ it everyone would say he's hiding information about her emails. No win situation really. He is honest, and I respect him for that.
Me to.
Maybe Sunday was just poorly edited, but your interview and questions were more enlightening than George's.
I agree!
Exactly I admire how you tried to leave nothing in the gray area with the time you had available interviewing Comey
He would make a much better President than Trump.
Hell Yeah!
Intelligent, ethical, caring, and driven by a desire to achieve real,  sustainable change for the good of the American people.  Believes in the Rule or Law.  So, basically, the antithesis of Trump.   

He has my vote!

#Comey2020 #jamescomey #ComeyForPresident #AHigherLoyalty
Apologies for my typographical error.  Should read “Rule of Law”
I was at the show, back row of the balcony. When you asked afterwards how Comey did, wanted to tell you how amazing you did. Great job. 
Really amazing. You were tough and made him more relatable after his George S interview. You did a perfect job, very proud of you. 
That was a great interview — Comey is a standup guy — I can almost forgive him for that damn email announcement.
PS: More like this and you might just beat John Oliver to the next Emmy : )
This is soooo much better than the ABC interview!
I enjoyed Mr Comey more tonight with Colbert than Sunday, he seemed more relaxed....another cup of wine and we really could have learned some stuff
Great interview but I'm disappointed you didn't mention my recent decision to join the Board of #AcreageHoldings, which is a huge marijuana company that I'm helping out of altruism.
Send some pot brownies to Trump with a hand written note
#Eat and #Resign
I was there :). This is something extraordinary to watch. I am elated I was in the audience for this. Thank you! I am on my way home and his book was delivered to my office. I am excited to read it. Fascinating times indeed.
At around the 5m point, Comey compares #45's leadership style w/a mob boss. #ThomHartmann has been making the same comparison for months. Lord have mercy
Great interview with Comey! You made sipping Pinot out of paper cups look very classy. 
Wow #Colbert knocked it out of the park with the #ComeyOnColbert interview. Well done. Just started reading #AHigherLoyalty it’s excellent.
This was an excellent interview -- insightful questions. Love your show. Keep doing what you do. 
Your Comey interview was over the top!
Wow, really great questions Stephen! Thanks for reading the book! @colbertlateshow @Comey
Got mine today and you made a good point- The Book Needs to be Read.
I definitely agree that your interview with Comey was much more interesting than Stephanopoulos’s interview with him. Especially, about the reopening of the Clinton’s email investigation and her Blackberry phone.
sad to see you ignored the passing of Barbara Bush tonight. Be The Change that comey spoke of sir.
Pretty sure they would have taped just before the news broke. I think they tape around 4:30-5:30.
You asked #Comey tougher questions than Stephanopoulos did.
Excellent interview.  I wish some journalists had the balls you have, sir. Well done.
#ProtectMueller #TrumpRussia #ComeyInterview #RESIST #Colbert
Stephen, you tried to tell Comey he should have stayed silent when they found the extra emails. So, if Hillary won, and it was found later that he stayed silent, how do you think that would have gone down? He would then be the man Fox News says he is today (for real).
Hey Comey- the American people came out and voted in 2016-remember- the loser had 3 Million more VOTES.  The Orange Buffoon needs to be #ImpeachedASAP
hope you ask him why he threw the election to Trump and how that is sitting with him now.
He did.  And nauseas
Great interview.  Much respect for both gentlemen.  Thx for the replay tonight, so much depth to questions.  Now reading the book, I agree with his tough decisions.  If HRC had done the correct thing with her emails, neither the FBI director or the voters would have had the issue
I wish people were more like Colbert. Stick to the facts and ask your questions directly from the direct source.
Thank you Stephen Colbert for clearing up why Comey wrote about trumps appearance!!! As far as I was concerned it looked like he wanted to detail what he actually saw in comparison to what we hear!! Wasn't even two pages long! Thank you!! F trump!!!
More uncut interviews more often please!! You are hiding gold from us! 
Violating FBI norms in Clinton investigation described as “least worst” of two bad choices. Yet Comey said nothing about open FBI investigation of Trump-Russia. argument is, announcing that undermines classified investigation but ... 1/2
Think of “worst/least worst” heuristic when considering Trump-Russia investigation. Suddenly FBI norm more important than aiding the possibility of electing a man conspiring with an aggressive enemy of our democracy. Wish you’d asked Comey about that. 2/2
Lordy, I hope Mr. Comey isn’t the last of his breed. #ethicalleadership
This was great! Thanks for grilling him and also for the levity
I loved your interview with @Comey more than the one at ABC. I felt that Mr. Comey was more relaxed. Tough times back in October 2016 and he was put in a tough spot. He's an intelligent man and tries to make good for whatever wrong he's done. In these times, this should matter.
Colbert's interview was  . I like his comment about going back 70 yrs in the time machine to kill baby Hitler . Great questions, on point. He didn't beat around the bush or ease up. Great job!!!
Great job interviewing Comey!
Fabulous show!
Good Interview
This feels like a grift. Comey, Mueller and the rest all republicans. Trump the ultimate con-man. You may be tussling Trumps hair sir.
Excellent.  Thank you for this.  (Y) (Y)
What I meant was >   .... and 
"and the men who hold high places must be the ones who start to mold a new reality, closer to the heart" WTG Comey!
It was GREAT!!!!!!  thx for the interview; thx SO much for pushing on The HRC Email Oct issue... he made it sound plausible tonight. (I’m still angry but.....) great job!
I think we all deserve a picture of you & #JonStewart sharing a drink while watching Hannity squirm.
Yeah, James Comey absolutely screwed up in regard to the Hillary Clinton emails statement in 2016. He appears to be in denial about it. Stephen Colbert really makes it obvious here, and well done to him. This is a brilliant interview from a genius performer.
Superb interview! @Comey
Great interview with @Comey  Thank you! @StephenAtHome 
Great interview! I’m just glad it didn’t go to Jennifer Lawrenceville with the Dixie cups o’ vino. A giggly, swearing six-foot-eight G-man woulda been weird.
Thanks for sharing! Great interview. More informative and dense than George's interview.
Thank you!!!
I don't agree with everything Comey did. I do have to say like the guy! I'm
Goat
Great interview, I really enjoyed the discussion.  I hope this gets everyone out to vote not only in 2020, but this November as well!!
I love James Comey, i want my kids to be like him
Thank you Stephen Colbert!  I’ve said this before and I’ll say it again... You are what keeps me sane these days!  Love you! 
I love you Stephen. You are my hero. I have accepted that. Thank you for making this year bearable!
This was by far one of your best interviews at Late Night! Thank you! (Btw I can’t get enough of your monologues.  Sooooo great!)
Damn, this is good! More substantive than George's interview. Stephen you are a gem, a very sharp one.
This was fantastic. I would have enjoyed an even longer discussion. Thanks for sharing Stephen.
Enjoyed this interview and watching @Comey laugh and enjoy himself. @JoeNBC #MorningJoe @NicolleDWallace @DeadlineWH @SRuhle
What a great interview! Comey is like the Mr. Rogers for stubborn adults
Great interview!!! 
Fantastic job tonight!
Great interview!
Thank you! You are a great interviewer.
You are the best, have been for a while.
Thank you so very much, Stephen!! Great interview! 
Thank you @StephenAtHome for digging in and making the most of this opportunity.  Your questions will inspire anyone that looks for truth.
watching this on my tiny phone screen instead of an awesome TV feels a little like drinking good wine out of a paper cup
Thank you, Stephen! Enjoyed that and glad you didn't hold back. Wishing Comey's answers and decisions were different, but as we can't go back in a proverbial time clock, appreciate your questions and candor. You rock!
So good. Better than the Stefanopolous interview. Seriously.
I’m watching the show right now. Great interview, thus far.
@MaestroHammer you gotta watch the whole interview.
Great interview tonight, can't wait to read...ordering it on Friday!
#JamesComey #Christians #TheResistance #Christianity #Hookers
2/2 I can’t believe no one is doing anything about Trump! Congress is allowing our country to become a dictatorship right before our eyes. We don’t have time to vote everyone out before Trump destroys the country and no one seems concerned! What a shame!
I know how you feel, not enough is being done, I keep hoping that something will change, we just have to stay true to ourselves and go out and make a difference this year at the polls.  Congress won't, so we have to.
I hope we have a vote! I don’t trust what that man does ! He likes dictators too much ! I gave a sinking feeling he’s formed that oligarchy already!
This is one of yours, right? Focus. There’s something else you should cut.
Love the video distortion from Comey's striped jacket. Like Mick Jagger in the "Start Me Up" video.
ERIC HOLDER IN 2020..."LET'S DO THIS THING"!
Yes, Yes,   @EricHolder & Elizabeth Warren 2020, Mr. Holder is a true Patriot and will not let Russia  take our Democracy away like @realDonaldTrump is doing.
This was a great interview! I've thought for awhile that @Comey did what he thought was right & was really in a no-win position & this int gives more insight into why he made the decisions he made. I'm reading the book now and it's very good!
Great interview!  I have much respect for James Comey.
Stephen is really in his element when he's talking politics. Great interview, and the "Splash Zone" commentary was a great way to decompress after such a serious discussion. 
Since when is the FBI director not allowed to vote?
yay! ty! It was great....and I'm mad at him! LOL
Terrific in-depth (and entertaining) interview! Thank you!
Why no question about the New York office going rogue? The claims about Anthony Weiner's laptop turned out to be completely fabricated by them.
Didn't Comey see the Benghazi and email server investigations as partisan hack jobs?
Can U send me the book you just tore the page from? I am a true fan of your show.
Watching that interview made it very clear to me that Mr. Trump fires anyone who tries to do their jobs as defined by our governing system. Especially when it impedes his plan to run our government as his own personal business empire during his tenure.
But oh yes, NO COLLUSION.
had to watch on YouTube because my local station is owned by Sinclair and they blocked it out
For real?
I think you wanted to send this to @realDonaldTrump
@CarriePookie You might like to seeing this. Comey and Colbert.

Nice to be able to watch an interview where we actually *learned* something and obtained a better understanding of the reasoning behind the decisions. Thank you, Mr. C, for conducting a great interview and letting us also see it in its entirety. Well done. 
I just got book and it is worth reading it.
Comey seems to be an honest man who did his job as a non-partisan FBI Director.  I'll be reading his book.
Outstanding interview.
Thank you Stephen !
Two idoits #LiberalismIsaMentalDisorder
Comey described Trump just as an FBI agent is taught to do. 6 feet 4, Hair, orange skin, identifying marks like white circles around the eyes. He was polite and never mentioned Trumps neck vagina. It's why republican men find him so attractive.
One of your best interviews, really enjoyed it
Wonderful interview between Colbert and Colbert.
I like George but @StephenAtHome had better interview. Comey strikes me as an intelligent, thoughtful person who takes integrity seriously.
Phenomenal interview Stephen. Bravo!
Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! 
Just watched the interview on west coast from your show was great.will watch the whole http://thing.You  did a great job making him relax and smile yet make his points the rule of law
Impressive my man. You kept the Comey interview very professional and very informative, with a touch of humor. Well done. #LSSC
Former FBI Director @Comey to @StephenAtHome “Trump has tweeted about me 50 times, i’m gone a year ago, i am a breakup that he can’t forget”. It’s was a thrilling interview, @colbertlateshow is my favorite late night show. Last night’s monologue about Hannity-Cohen was great too.
Omg. I'm about to watch cause I DVR'd it, but already mouth wide open just seeing your PA or producers next to Comey and only coming up to his elbow!!! He looks like a Giant!!!! #TheLateShow
Damn good interview. Better than George what's-his-name.
It seems crazy that Aldean didn't merit couch time considering he was at the center at the worst domestic gun massacre in history and had had a change of heart about gun control. But Americans have an endless capacity to sweep gun violence under the rug.
Best news I’ve seen in months. Thank you SO much for posting this in its entirety @StephenAtHome
Thank you.
Like the majority, our family was stunned with the loss of @HillaryClinton presidential bid. But, we are also glad for her she escaped a monstrous #Congress. As lenient they are with @realDonaldTrump, they would have moved to destroy her from day one.
You are a true gem. I thought the Colbert Report was your chef d’œuvre. But oh God NO... well done.
Check out @BuzzFeed’s Tweet:
You won't believe what Obama says in this video  
excellent interview.
Well done, Stephen!
Hell of a job Stephen.
Wow! Thank you so much for putting that up here for us. Colbert did not disappoint. I was hoping he would ask Comey some probing and pointblank questions, and he did. That said, I still have to buy the book.
Thank you! Will watch full interview. What I watched on tv was excellent. You asked insightful questions and put him at ease.
Really good stuff!
@Comey for President!
Awesome, thank you.
Thanks for sharing!
A gem for posting this in full, and for thoughtfully packing so much in.
Thank you. It clarifies his reasons the week b4 the election.
Your best interview -- EVER!
Really awesome interview. Enjoyed every bit of it.
Best interview of Comey yet!
Thanks for posting the full interview. Great Job!
That was an awesome interview!!  Thank you and @Comey you are two cool guys!
Imagine if we had to endure the horror of litigating the FBI holding off on the laptop emails until after the election--how that might rip this country apart or make us subject to foreign influence in the White House.
Nothing there stupido.
c.f.,  sar·casm ˈsärˌkazəm/Submit (noun) the use of irony to mock or convey contempt.
My favorite part
You are hilarious and brilliant! Second to none!
‘Hard Choices’. Well played.
Are you drinking #Wine in a paper cup!
YES!
Commercial break while watching on TV....The show is GREAT. One of the best you've done. I'll watch this as soon as it's over on TV.
Downloaded for my next flight. Not sure what will be more terrifying...thisninterview, or landing in a storm.
Thank you Jesus!
@StephenAtHome -- thank you!
I seriously believe the cover up is gonna include Hannity & a man he engaged in sexual activity with. Call me CRAZY but he is so judgmental and mean, so my brain thinks he likes men, he rides men so HARD & he’s really SOFT for women. Bet a drink on it. #BETIMRIGHT
Mr. C. Can I just say, that above all LNTV hosts; you Sir, are flambéing it! Like John Stewart in the Bush 43 days you r a cathartic comedy Ray of hope for our country! 
Thnx
why is full screen of this video not available?
thank god
thank you!!
Thanks!
Thanks. Doing God's work you are  #TheResistance
Sweet! Thanks Stephen
The part where Comey tries to explain his destroying of Hillary Clinton's campaign was so convoluted and ridiculous that it makes ME sick to my stomach.
I think we have had more than enough of Comey. Time to move on from that disgrace of a man.
You spelled 'Trump' wrong!
Look at the two of you having fun and making fun of the American president like two good Comeys.
Funny how he applauds him for going after trump. But then tries to make him feel like a POS for going after Hilary. This guy take bias to the extreme.
Aw, poor snowflske
I don't know what a snowflske is. But if it's a compliment, thanks bro!

The best guest interview I have ever seen Stephen!  And I'm 62 and have watched a lot of TV (generational hazard).  Please accept a heartfelt congratulations from a avid viewer and keep up the great work!


Thankx ever so muchly,  Stephen. You are fantastic at interviewing.  A joy to watch!
I love you Stephen.
Look  two dickless men on tv. What  are the odds?
One of my favorite comment you made was “Hard to fire the FBI director too.”
Good interview
That's what she said.
Mr.Comey is fine,respectable. Too bad Trump's not honorable,respectable. Thanks for this extra video. Interesting. (Wasn't happy about Mr.Comey reopening the email investigation w/ the timing when there was nothing, b/c it likely pushed some people away from voting for HRC)
Comey is a criminal who never deserved to be FBI chief in the first place.

Can’t find your fab Coventton House products on http://goop.com ? Link?
1. Comey’s loyalty was correctly to the FBI and the constitution. Not to Hillary. I say this as a Hillary supporter. 2. Why were 1000s of her work emails on Weiner’s laptop?
Brilliant!
For such a tall “man” Comey sure acts small. #catty #meangirl
I truly hope Mr. Coney is correct and we can course sorrect.
Just wanted to say that was a great interview!!!
"Splash zone" 
Nice job, Stephen!
Effing Brilliant interview Stephen! Watched it twice! 
Comey told terrible jokes .
“If I speak, I am condemned. If I stay silent, I am damned...”. @Comey
This is intriguing to watch. I’m fascinated by his story and logic and love of America. I dont know if I agree with his choices (or affiliation with the republicans) but wow. Curiouser and curiouser as they say.
First and foremost. I’m not a minute in. That. THAT. Right there, @StephenAtHome is a gentleman’s pour. Bless your fucking heart.
99% of your guests are 100% miserable for the next 6 1/2 yrs.
Lol.  If Comey and Mueller really had something on Trump and Russia collusion-  don’t you think Trump would be out of office buy now, and, you think Comey was telling you the truth.
What softball garbage. I’d have been impressed if u had guts 2 press him on these questions: 1) What did it mean to u when Clinton erased 33,000 subpoenaed email? 2) What did it mean to u when she bleach bit her hard drives? 3) What did it mean when she smashed her Blackberry?
When he said FBI did not have time to review AW emails before election (so had to say something publicly) yet within 48 hours they announced the Weiner emails were nothing. Was surprised you didn’t hit that. His excuse doesn’t hold waster.
Thank you! Excellent 
You should have left all of it on the editing room floor.
He is a honest man loyal to the American people so do you what you have to come the Nov 2018
FYI.. COMEY IS A WEASEL...like you..
Can’t wait to see how the criminal referral goes. Looks like Comey is going to prison!!
You’re both losers.
This clown was actually the Director of the FBI. He’s a freaking disgrace.
I want to see WuTang interview Comey
Brilliant!
I loved it.  The best Comey interview so far.
Great interview...loved it!
You might want to wear a bib next time. You got @Comey all over you.
Whacking? You are the scum of late night tv. Clearly you are all about criminal activity is ok. Where is the ackintin bashing. If anyone deserves a whacking is you.
