Joe "The Plagiarizer" Biden, LMAO... I sure he'd cheat...
Because Trump never cheats ........ Unless you count cheating on all 3 wives, his business partners, in golf, on his taxes and in the election.
Cheating in the election? That’s very funny... because you would think someone who lied to her coworkers, sent very inappropriate emails and paid people to sabotage trump would have been cheating. I wonder who that could be???
Russia, Russia, Russia?
Joes will destroy!
Love Joe Biden!!!
all the above, "punch drunk"
Not you or Justin Trudeau
So hard to decide, Biden is older than Trump, but is hard to see Trump doing any damage with those tiny hands...

wow now this is cutting edge journalism - the colbert shit factory.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg could take 'em both.
With on hand behind her back and a scotch in the other.
I mean thi sin the nicest possible way...I love you.

Just noticed the Freudian slip in my earlier tweet...obviously meant "this in" not "sin"
Joe Biden
If it wasn't fists but tongues you'd be hands down the winner. Might be way I find it just to difficult to watch your show? Seems like all you do is wag it about Trump! Was that in your contract, save money on writers and just blast Trump every night?
Goin with Kid Galahad Biden over Comrade Bone Spurs in 3.
Who cares
how can anyone say trump can win in a fight, he ran from a fight (protecting our country)  weak coward he is.
Your not right get off Trump's back
My vote is for Pulmonary Embolism.
Donlad trump is the best. He speaks the truth 100 %
Joe Biden
Obviously you wouldn’t win. Seems all you can do is promote negativity in a ridiculously relative manner.

Can he even fight
Hey idiot Colbert, bet you wouldn't bet a dime on creepy Joe.
Why should Biden dirty his hands with that jerk?


Your show is the reason why I stopped watching http://CBS.You  have killed late night TV with your hatred. Johnny Carson was so great because he actually made us laugh instead of using his platform to incite hate and division. Nice thing about Johnny was not political
I think it all started when I was 8 years old and woke up and realized that we were sensationalizing bullshit killing jobs and ignoring each others needs so 7,735

Was there a scantily dressed 10 year old boy still behind in Biden’s Limo . No doubt UNCLE JOE Biden promised to make him a STAR .
If only bob barker were still around
He is-he's just not on TV anymore!
Joe Biden...and there'd be nuthin' but bones and hair when he was finished!
Certainly not this guy.
Rigged, always rigged.
Art Thritis would whip ‘em BOTH.
It would have to be little fist fight . Hello from Britland . Love the show .
Biden 
Vote for JB! Senator Joe Biden would wipe the floor with cowardly and detestable Russian Agent Orange!
If it really came down to it donald would ensist he was just joking loke every other time he steped over the line
Biden
Check out @AMErikaNGIRLBOT’s Tweet:
Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
Your message of peace love acceptances bullshits Steven you're part of the problem you're a hater you instigate violence you're a one percenter that doesn't want his followers to know hes a really a Republican
Stephen Colbert you're a child grow up please why is the left so quick with violence
This is childish immatured Joe Biden wants to touch every woman he sees put his peacock up like he can fight the world you're just an old man joe
I’d vote for Biden (Tyler Durden’s rules: Big guy; big reach; skinny guys fight ‘til they’re burger). Biden is a stand-up guy. Trump (or Drumpf, as his correct historical family name) would cower in a corner and whimper.


If Joe Biden had a fist fight with himself he would lose twice
That's good
I’ve always liked the phrase “punch fight” instead of fist fight. This doesn’t answer your question.
All this tweeting doesn’t leave much time for Mrs. Goodwrench, now does it ?
Joe would kick DT's butt in a KO
U don’t know how stupid 2018 is , it just started. Give it a chance. I’ve seen many years grow up in a shorter time
me
As everyone has witnessed today, nephew Don, when confronted by protesting teenagers, ran away, like the gutless-venom spuing coward that he has always been. Now I know why his cousins at the enclosure always called him "Runaway Don".
Let's see, who's got the larger hands?...
Smokiñg Joe take him out and DO THE DAMN THING
Put this on pay for view with profits to pay down the National debt. Maybe AARP would sponsor the event
2018 really is stupid
I’d kick Joe Biden’s ass and yours Steven for posting BS
Well, if DT lost his balance and fell on top of Biden, he’d win. He has the weight advantage.
239 pounds? Bullshit I want to see the girth certificate

Huh? Soooo, a SUPREME COURT JUSTICE, one of the most sacred & influential seats in the US & possibly the world, does Colbert, watched by the most brain dead of humanity.....hmmmm, ok, NO RESPECT!!
Here comes the chair!!!
Realy just so dumb
kevin spacey would blow you all away
Does POTUS stand for pissing off the United States?
Trump wouldn’t show up
Aaron Burr
Trump could not win. He would be winded and be in no condition to box after putting one sock one.
My money is on the Bone Spurs!  They will flare up and cause #CadetBoneSpur to run away
Dude don’t ask me to be rational in defense of uncle Joe.Hence don’t ask if it’s dumb or not.
You know gotta be honest but we need to get a Biden V Trump fight going, Madison Square in let's say 4 months? @realDonaldTrump @JoeBiden @StephenAtHome
Who has bigger hands?
Anyone over five
Definitely not Colbert..
What's the top #ThreatDown caused by this?
It may be a stupid argument,  but I'm still going with Uncle Joe.
Is this quiz coming from you or Cambridge Analylitica. You can't hack me Mr. Man.
I've been binge-watching Scandal on Netflix just to feel a sense of normalcy and stability again in today's political climate. Even though it's pretend, it feels better than reality. Thats how grim reality has become.
Joe Biden and I’m not sure what the heck 2018 is. It’s been a big blur so far. When will the fog lift?
I think these choices tell a story. 

"Wow, 2018 is dumb. Really its so stupid. Joe Biden would win in a fist fight against Donald Trump."
Please please we need a boxing match between @JoeBiden & @realDonaldTrump in Madison Sq Garden. Proceeds go to charity of winner’s choice.
Full disclosure for @realDonaldTrump: you cannot count yourself, family or business as “charity.”
Would never work. Biden is not smart enough to figure out how to put on the gloves and Trump would be too tired after the pre-fight smack talk to fight 
Biden KICKS ASSS
Wish I could have voted for two of ghe choices instead of one.
 during  the fight Joe saw something else ..
Is Donald really into fisting? Wouldn’t surprise me.
Canada
Joe Biden although i wish i could select the fact 2018 is dumb as well lmao
Just dum as I thought
I knew it!, Biden wins!
Biden. Hands down

Remember... Trump wouldn't go fight for our COUNTRY... Back in the day... Hahahahahahaha... 

FAITH... HOPE... AND LOVE...
Biden in 2 rounds

2018 IS dumb, but also very frightening.   The @POTUS is dumb, and many other things.  Not enough room to list everything.
The only way to settle this would be for both to send their rockem sockem robots into the battlefield.
And also, Uncle Joe would win. For sure.
Biden would win but 2018 is stupid
Trump gonna say he won by a land slide.
Please set this up, charge top dollar for match and use money to fund HHS programs, like Medicare & SNAP, that the bastards cut.
Trump would be cripple  because of bone spurs.
No wonder why Trump has small hands, he can't wipe his own s***hole, so his own advisors have to do it for him!!!
3 and 4 seem too similar lol
I'm going with the Write-in vote of A, C, and D.
Morning pizza and satisfy material, it’s a good morning
Just remember this...
taco
Interesting that the 3rd option  is edging out the 4th.
Bruh Joe would mess the POTUS up
DT would lose because he has a heel spur!!!
Wish this was a multiple choice. I’d take letter E: combo of A, C, & D. Mind you I think at least 50% of the population would be willing to step in the ring with B. 
If anyone remembers that show on MTV “Celebrity Deathmatch” this episode would’ve been gold
Jeff Zucker at #FTFutureNews slams Fox News: "I will say what has happened there in the past two years ... is somewhat shocking, frankly. It is really state-run TV. It is a pure propaganda machine. And I think does an incredible disservice to hte country."
Biden by default. Trump would be hiding behind Melania.
For those that voted Trump. He is fat, never served, hides from fights. The only take down he did on RAW was set up for him to do so. Trump is a coward and has always had body guards. How do the rest of us get by? LOL
No doubt, Joe. You see the size of Donalds' hands?

JOE  JOE JOE
I think people are o just loving the idea of somebody beating the SHIT out of that god-awful president of ours!
I accidentally hit the wrong button, I’m a failure.
Only because he has SS
I call this, the reality show version of,  "Idiocracy".
Notorious RBG...
In a cockfight? Trump and his bone spurs hands down.
#malarky #biden
Biden loses a chance of me voting for him in the primaries getting involved in this sort of bullshit
Trump and his supporters would knock out everyone on this thread not just Biden and Hollywood  #iwishyouwould
Stormy Daniels
This mental picture made me laugh until I cried. 

But seriously, have you ever seen very, very old men fight? I used to work in a nursing home. Old man fights are no laughing matter. 

I'd put my money on Biden...but they'd both break a hip in the end.
Stephen, if you could set this up on pay per view, I'd totally watch.
Torn between Joe and 2018 being stupid, but went for Joe because a girl can dream.
You are a total jerk. Why don’t you pick on the Democratic candidate of 2016 who singlehandedly screwed my party.  Please, with your terrific influence, tell her to go into pasture. You know, you could join her?
This kind of stuff is stupid... is what an idiot would say. This is harmless entertainment. So what if i want to imagine Biden knocking Trump out. It's just funny!
Joe Biden's theme song when he enters the ring:

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=0qCYabLy1ic …
 DJay (Terrence Howard) - Whoop That Trick - YouTube
I'm so happy we get that this is stupid... and that Joe would certainly win.
Why does it matter to begin with?
Because Trump said he could beat Biden in a fight
The fuck is going on with these truncated weeks? I'm looking around for info and can't find any info. Anybody knows anything please share.
I chose Biden, though I wish there were 2 options...  ;)
Ruth Bader Ginsberg
Would either one last past the first minute of round one?
I won't deny I voted for Joe Biden... Partly because I daydreamed it would mean we could replace Trump with Biden. Partly because it seemed too cliche to call this year dumb.
No fists, fists are dangerous, only fighting with guns, so no one gets hurt
45 is no statesman, or even human...
Biden said if he were in high school, he'd take the bully Trump out back and wallop him and Trump takes it as a present day challenge. My money's on Biden but he'd never hit a man suffering from bonespurs.
#WOW2018isStupid
TRUMP, OF COURSE, HANDS DOWN !!! DIDN'T HE TELL YOU HE IS A WINNER?!
I would pay a lot of folding. Only to see Joe accept the challenge & name a place & time, just to watch #LyinDonnie backpedal & make excuses! @realDonaldTrump
I know who would win an IQ test
Who cares? They’re like, almost 80
The shingles showdown
The senile scuffle
Can I add Steve from the Jeremy Kyle show?
The rheumatoid arthritis rumble
Joe Biden probably got this fast hands.
#Trump Lol because #Biden is weak mentally and physically. With a President that tweets like this no wander the #resignations
Trump feels like he's a kicker. Allthough kicker implies multiple kicks. Whats the singular of kicker?
I would.
The lawyer Trump is gonna use to sue Biden.
As dumb as it is...

Will it be on pay-per-view?
Btw it has truly been a waste of time this political entity truly is shameful to all Americans
A nonviolent IQ contest would work! Biden would win!!
