His new clothes haven't arrived yet...
Oh well......does anyone care?
In the meantime -45 is milking the #dumbSyriastrike for all it's worth. Talk about desperate.
Was he ever?
No, he's one of the other six dwarves.
Yes he is, he doesn't let people like you get to him, He is making our America Great Again!
Because the American people found out his Golden Shower, his hidden children.
Try to find some comedy and entertainment from somewhere other than bashing our country.  You can move out.

Wanna work from home and laugh at the news? Try it for free first at http://www.TryForFreeNow.com .
Why do you care so much about what the president is saying..oh wait, because it brings ratings and you’re not really funny otherwise?
Who cares!
#ElTrumpoLoco ftw.
#BigKFCgiftbasket Let's all chip in and continue to clog his arteries. 
WELL !

It's funny that you work in television supposed to be professional and all you do is make fun of our President. If you don't like him move the hell away. #DrainTheSwamp
Jessica,  a little too much accuracy for ya?
Yes, and we are all suffering through his depressed state. He needs better drugs


:(



As I watch your show, I keep say I love you! Spontaneously. I am immediately racked with guilt because my first love is John Stewart and you were the opposition lmao your my secret guilty pleasure 
Is he ever? Well you know when he's not being spanked and all...
he is so stupid he is a special needs individual
Well he need to get shitfaced that's all put shit in his face then his mood might chance never know right.
"The #President is not happy" #stephencolbert 
NOW! At long last, FINALLY, #Trump understands how we all feel. #NotHappyDonald 
#POTUS #uspoli
U and trump should have a Texas cage match. Chicago wire beer and sawdust. Yaaaaaa Hooooooo
Hey Pizza boi Colbert did Chris Licht leave CBS This Morning because he knew about Crusty Paw Charlie Rose...Kadro in the barrel next? Gayle and Norah knew...NDA's being enforced with iron fist
And I am not happy about what your writer Daniel Kibblesmith has put forth referencing David Hogg!
Well, then, I’m very happy!
Currently looking for some shits to give.
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/934890030987751424?s=21 …
We’re not happy ‘TIL he’s not happy.
Colbert has no talent.  If it weren’t for the Trump train his show would be doomed. Sad!!!
Awwww, are you butt hurt that he’s making fun of the orange POS. Fortunately people have a better sense of humor than you because a lot of people love him so go be boring and a negative Nellie elsewhere where people are as miserable as you.
The "President" is not SANE.
LOOKED UP DIRTBAG CLOWN AND COLBERT'S FACE WAS THE 1ST THING TO POP UP!
Neither are WE
content://media/external/file/7563

Great monologue!  El Trumpo Loco  
That makes me happy. If trump isnt careful his friend putin may poison him..

El Trumpo Loco!!!
Who cares
Neener, neener, neener...  - me  behaving like him 
That makes ME happy! 
Neither are you
Funny segment Stephen.
You’re still an idiot
Happiness is something he may never know
Good
Sad!
I don't eat orange any more and I don't even drink orange juice because it's the color of President lol
"El trumpo Loco!"

Fantastic!
You're a national treasure.
El Trumpo Loco???  I just peed on myself 
If you have a pair, why dont you go on #TuckerCarlson #TuckerCarlson show.
Cause Tucker is too worried about pandas being aggressive when it comes to sex.
He never is ! Why should today be any different! He is a screaming autocratic bully, who should be impeached! 
nice for what drake lyrics
I suspect CBS is not happy with its decision to put you on the air. You’re an idiot savant — without the savant part.
To quote Will Rogers. "Everything is changing in America. People are taking the comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke." Well done Mr. Colbert!
Hmmm just wondering what a skit w chrome dome and el trumpo loco might look like? Just a thought!
at least humanity will go down laughing.
Was he voted there to be happy or to do a job?

Same song, different day....
Colbert:  Hilarious.       
Jimmy Fallon / Trevor Noah / Seth Meyers / John Oliver / Conan O. / James Cordon /  (Etc.) :   Great video clips, all of you.   :)
Not Happy because he owns the space between your ears! 24-7. He owns you!
Woke up still laughing at last nites episode of Stephen Colbert 
Sad.
Stephen was one of the first PunditFight wrestlers I ever animated over a decade ago. He's not the wrestling fan Jon Stewart is but it was hilarious to see Colbert cut a wrestling promo and don a luchador mask.
#ElTrumpoLoco #PoliticsisWrestling
HILARIOUS! Love it, Stephen!
Because he is the worst
Through the perilous fight,
O'er the ramparts we watched,
Were so gallantly streaming.
And the rocket's red glare,
The bombs bursting in air,
Jimmy! Take him down!
On one side I laugh with you on the other side I cant take it anymore my cholesterol levels are to the roof thanks to #45 he will kill me before WWlll
LOL.  Kelly with the tranq dart!
But he's still a Cheeto
Again. In a world smelling more and more like dog shit, you are the squirt of air freshner Stephen. Pine scent.
The president is a moron 
Lmao
Actually the Trump Doctrine can be explained quite simply

Fire
Ready
Aim
Good. He deserves his misery.


Need that last 5-10 seconds on a GIF loop!
I’m not happy either. t#%#p is off the rails!  #ImpeachTrumpNow #MuellerIsComingForYou

Funny and terrifying at the same time
It’s to early for nuclear war.
Thanks for making me laugh through all this chaos! #ElTrumpoLoco
Now he knows how majority of country feels
Love this!!
Well Colbert needs the ratings. Can you blame him?
Not so funny once the missiles are shot. And Donald Cook is sunk to the bottom of the sea.
Oh man! You made my day!!!


Remember when you used to be actually funny?
It’s been a long time.
Out foreign policy is dictated by Jugde Janine. Who was a joke 4 years ago.  Well all doomed.  And fall out shelters were all a big joke...
Oh well.
Still no writers on the show...your few viewers must be brain dead.
A singular statement of truth.
Go back to sleep Stephen!
The President is not happy... https://youtu.be/9Ih9GIJXC3w 


The orange menace is going off the rails, even the cats are talking about it. Watch out, Twitterverse, it's gonna get worse before it gets better
Don’t forget to thank him!
I am happy when the president is unhappy 
When is he though
Is it bad that when Trump is having a bad day that makes my day better?
Stephen Colbert is a homophobe
Evidence?
Would you be with that backswing?
Miserable scrotum is your scrotum misteable?  Or miserable due to the sponges.  I want answers...
Sadly
Maybe he is the Loves being in the Center of everything
Im joking fuck liberals
you’re a genius stephen we love you
