He's has got him under his thumb.
Fox News is a propaganda machine, even a former Fox contributor thinks so...Ltc. Col. Ralph Peters.
No one makes me laugh like you do, sir. #StephenColbert FTW!
How? He's never said one thing even remotely funny
“I’m like a break up he can’t get over.” James Comey about the Presidents many tweets about him.
Uh, Comey wrote a book about Trump. I think Comey is the one who was fired and rejected. Get a clue. #Libtard
You're just jealous of Hannity because he has the cojones to tell the truth, unlike yourself, who can only make a living off insulting the president of the United States and others.  You're not original, not funny and not American!
i'm not saying that Hannity is a pig of a man...but ...
@seanhannity going to kick your A++
Talk about fake news

It's funny Mr. Colbert how CBS hired you to replace Letterman and you a perfect clone. Hater not comedian.
Kind of like you are still controlled by Hillary and Obama. It’s sad.
I hate you!

Are you sure it isn't the other way around?
https://vimeo.com/261720379  tears of a treason clown.. ;)
So....Hannity essentially jacks off tRump?
Be very careful @seanhannity will start calling you. Harvey Weinstein Junior.

@colbertlateshow outdoes itself every single day and I just can’t stop laughing and being amazed. @StephenAtHome
The one thing the United States is, it isn't some back water Arab country where I have to get a permit to purchase alcohol

When do you have time to tweet, when you have all those women to beat, or gays to murder?

Do U use those shiny high rise buildings to throw the gays off?
I'd think it difficult to fit Hannity's huge ego in Trump's baby hands...
Maybe, but Cobert's head slid in and out of Obama's asshole nonstop for 8 years.

If they were only skilled in proctology....what a team!
More like a big toe!
Would not expect YOU to recognize a man's man.  Well Trump and Hannity are two of them.  You sir are "milk toast"#MAGA
His very small hand!
Funny Colbert could see that with his head up Hillary's ass!
First thing I thought of with this gif was, hey get your thumb out of your ass!
Thought for the day: This pic implies Hannity helps Trump wank.
So your saying Trump has Sean in his Hand-ity? See what I did there?
Considering where Trump has his thumb, Hannity probably hasn't seen the light of day for months
He sure sticks out like a sore thumb
Let's hope he doesn't declare a thumb war XD
The rolling stones song
Looks unhealthy, remove the whole thing.
There all plugging each other in and up!!
I think a different body part is represented there Stephen
The only problem is that Hannity is a finger than a thumb ...


Trump's puppet = Hannity.  Putin's puppet = Trump 


Does anyone but me get a creepy feeling that Trump and his lawyer are alot more than friends? For an adult, Cohen seems a little TOO loyal as a lawyer to client. Are those two on the "downlow?" Trump does bang anyone that moves. Just saying. Maybe that is how Hannity pays, too.
That must be the thumb he has up his ass!
This whole thing will come back to bite the democrats in the A*^.
like the left wing has your nuts in their hands steve!!! squeeze.

Like snake OBama had/has YOU up his azz?
Had and or Has? Pick one.
But he's certainly got him under his thumb! 
No man,  President Trump has more than half the U .S. in his hands, and under his Thumb. And we are loving it. He is cleaning out all the lying garbage.
Good one, Steve.
Agreement in principal and action because of the truth, reality and  correctness of a matter is a trait called integrity Stephen, something you know apparently know nothing of.
Reminds me of that song by the Rolling Stones: UNDER MY THUMB!!!!!
That would be a horrifying thumbprint!  (Appropriate for him).
@MickJagger ?
I always say Hannity is a thumb with hair.
And we all know where that thumb has been!
Oh my god, I've been calling him a thumb with hair for months now.
Stupid
#FireHannity #FireHannityNow
#statenews

https://youtu.be/b6WaC2qgaQo 
You really do have a chubby for Trump.
Now I'm wondering where Mitch McConnell is 
Jacks off with that hand, convenient
Rolling Stones - Under My Thumb
Keep failing @StephenAtHome.  Don't worry you're still funny to me. MAGA!
Look like Comey when he is in prison.
Thumb's up! #MakeAmericaGrateAgain
It’s closer to the other way around. Hannity has Trump a n the palm of his hand.
That is fucking creepy.
One schmuck covering one big putz!
I knew it!!


Looks like he does, lol 
EXACTLY!!!!
Naaa, Putin has Trump The WH , Hannity The Media, and Cohen the law, nice  @FBI funny but sickening it could be true.
can’t take it anymore FUCHI !!?!! @jimmykimmel @StephenAtHome @JimCarrey @ConanOBrien @Trevornoah @ananavarro @Lawrence
That's Nasty
You are always so funny lol
That explains the thumb sucking.
I can't imagine why people would want to have the taste of Big Don in their mouths at all times. Lol, other than they must love the taste.They can't go a day without saying @realDonaldTrump name.

That is one tiny hand
We know exactly where that thumb has been.

Right, because Trumps mouth is filled with Russian meat log.
We all know @realDonaldTrump is the #best #president, the @NYSE and @Nasdaq have ever known. He achieves this with @seanhannity’s help - knowing the markets respond best to #government inaction - wondering the #Whitehouse w/ SeanHannity’s head where de sun don’t shine
Go Markets!
I'd be thinking more placement in an orifice ... but an appendage will work
It should have Trump in Putin's hand then hannity in Trump's.
@gloomy_lawyer
Omg thank you
I knew you’d appreciate that
Oh! No! Mr. Bill lol


Now you just need to paste that entire picture onto Putin's thumb.

Come on. You can do better.
"Not saying that Trump has Hannity UNDER HIS THUMB, but..."
*Obligitory small hand/ out of shape Hannitty joke*

Just imagine it was funny.

Like really funny.
Colbert is another fraud. American reasons to not trust America.
More like in the crease of his nutsack.
Fake. Hand's too big.
Such a little thumb.
I think @seanhannity may be attached to a different body part.
Hopefully @seanhannity will be able to dislodge his head, before I uh... I mean @realDonaldTrump sits down. With all that hair gel, it’d be like getting a porcupine stuck up there - @RichardGere66 had it easy
It would have been funnier if his thump was up his butt....lol

Hannity is the only man that prays for a receding hairline.
They've been friends for years, and Hannity is a conservative talk show pundit on a conservative network. Hannity is clearly biased toward Trump. He is likely to say things that please Trump.

What part of this is news to anyone? Why are you all so excited?
This would have been better as a drawing on his palm, while he busts one out.  Probably wouldn't have passed the censors, but would have been more accurate.  Or maybe the open maw of @seanhannity on Putin's cockholster, you know where it goes in. Yes, censors .. pfft, who cares ?
So does that make you one of Hillary Clintons' moles?
not orange enough
I don't know about hannity but he got a piece of shit personality that's why his hated by everyone he loves that way he is what he is.
lolz trumpers is bad! Carrot amirite! Russia, IDK!!!
OMG! Do you know where that thumb's been?!?
Stephen Colbert isn't funny but he still calls himself a comedian.
Why WOULD you say something like that??? Hamburg is NOT in the palm! HANNNITY IS OBVIOUSLY THE THUMB WHICH IS NOT THE PALM GODDAMMIT
What he does with that thumb is his business.
I was so sick of Trump's all-occasions thumbs up that, after the photo op in the hospital room of Parkland survivors, I almost cut mine off in protest. But I needed them to tweet. They rise in joy once more. Thank you
What's that song?  I've got you...under my orange skin...
Considering he hates both of them regardless of truth or fiction why does he care?!
Only God knows where that thumbs been.
Ewwwww, cuz we know where that thumb has been!
Do you know where that thumb has been? #RawDogging

That's the thumb up his @$$ 
Wow.  I’d love to see the jokes that don’t make the cut.
No wonder tRump loves to sit on his thumb
I think his face s/d be down under, and  I don’t mean Australia!
How come you only follow 23 people? I refuse to believe all those jokes come from your mind +some lucky 23 people. #23andMe
I knew he looked like a thumb.. I never thought to ask whose thumb:)
Well you’ve got Comey. 
Thats awesome!
That’s his thumb, Boss Hogg!
Damn. That thumb seen some shit.

Like the 17 pounds of impacted Arby's roast beef in trump's colon.
Don’t forget about me!
The Irish Rasputin
He just told us he is a spy.
"Spy, but I am more a Spy than he is," said @realDonaldTrump
So when Trump's alone he can still get a Hannity job...
Bahahahahaha
Under his thumb. Nice!
Up his arse
CBS ruined you. You were the funniest (possibly fake) republican in late night. Doesn’t matter what affiliation you have in reality. BUT now, probably because of your contract, you spew whatever bile they tell you to. What made you funny was how you played for your own side bro
Satire is hard to grasp for some.
If you read the tweet CORRECTLY this time, you’d see that I’m actually stating his writers are horrible and partisan AF because of the paychecks coming in. Comedy has no allegiance dude. THATS why it’s not funny. Also, he’s well versed in politics. Don’t have to like the person
To agree with policies/viewpoints etc
Or maybe he's making fun of a rich source of comedy that happens to be the most corrupt administration in history, regardless of party. I seriously can't understand people who think we should ignore extraordinary corruption for the sake of appearing "fair."
Only corruption that I’ve seen come to the light is deep state Obama Appointees and within agencies like the FBI. Just glad not all of them are compromised like the few at the top were. So far, Trumps character has not dictated his policies. Most have been common sense.
Oh. You said "deep state."

Okay. Found your problem.
It’s a big one. And includes BOTH sides of the aisle. I’m not a blind supporter but at least Trumps admin is doing away with some of the deep state traditions like over regulation (making processes slower allowing for more lobbying) etc.
Under his thumb?
#FireHannity
Hannity looks like a thumb to begin with.
Hey, that's a violation of the thumb-client privilege!
Brilliant!
Jejejeje
hannity is always on hand for trump
It’s just gross all these crotchety old white men sticking up for tRump!  Blech 
Trump is a spy for Russia
Stephen, He has him in his Hair. From South Pacific, I want to wash That Man Right Out Of My Hair
Looking forward to the Comey interview tonight!
Youre easily fooled.
Shouldn't the hand be much smaller?
Stephen, Are you sure you got that the right way around? Who's got who in their hand?
He does look like a thumb
Executive time baby!
So that's why Trump sticks his thumb in his ass.
But his hands are so tiny. He couldn't even fit Hannity's giant head in his hands.
Finally. Proof that Donald has an opposable thumb.
Love it ! Lol
Right?!?
That is obviously photoshopped. It's a bit too big
A new Fingerling®
He looks bigger on TV...
Doesn't everyone tho ?
Hannity jerks him off in more than 1 way.
Comey Comey Comey Comey, i hope you grilled him, he doesn't deserve our love, he got what he wanted, the reps at the WH
