TONIGHT: John Bolton is being portrayed as an unstable warmonger. Here to refute that image is (the Late Show's very own) #JohnBolton. #LSSC 
Sort of like your birth doctor reaching out to slap your mother but caught your unhinged ear instead. Loosened a few screws in the process.
John Bolton is a great appointment, if it were left up to you, you would appoint Elmer Fudd
Stephen, do you still fancy yourself a comedian, or are you officially a political hack?
#fameRuinsObjectivity
Here comes the triggered snowflakes...
Bolton is a very close likeness to Mr. colonel sanders.... could it be just a coincidence for Trump. Hmmmm.
OKey dokey Trumparino those godless North Koreans will burn in Trump bombs. (not my opinion)
Stephen you A Woke six days ago. Get out of the Hollywood Matrix. Don’t be afraid, you will be supported more than you know
I've watched this a few times. Hilarious 
Word up.
Dana was terrific on your show yesteday. 
Bolton, Tommy lee Jones' agent partner before Will Smith in Men In Black
The second @danacarvey described his #JohnBolton  'stache as 'engorged'...I lost it!
I love how you try not to laugh during the interview.

He’s failing at the Sam Elliott mustache look. Failing!!!

Dana could do a mean Bob Weir with that get-up
@colbertlateshow thanks for the laughs! Do I hear SNL calling? Yes, please!
How about John Bolton's history as a Group Sex Swinger at Plato's Club, New York City's notorious group sex venue..?! Can he get a Top Security Clearance? http://www.scoop.co.nz/stories/WO0505/S00240/john-boltons-divorce-group-sex-allegations.htm …
I think you can shame Bolton for many, many things, but consentual sex between adults (no matter the number) should never be one of them.
Erm, why not?
Stephen Colbert woke up from the media trance this day!! #befunnyagain you used to be funny. Come back to us
A non-exaggerated Bolton impression would have been funnier IMO. But the engorged, ever-growing mustache was great.
John Bolton breast feeding puppies. Great callback to the Dana Carvey show Bill Clinton open. Bravo!
Can I have the puppy? Please!
Who do YOU work for Stephen???
Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
Loved watching this. You and Dana have great synergy.
Suddenly I am aware of my lack of a mustache....or as I call em lip brushes
You made a reference to that infamous sketch...
(stands up, starts to slow clap)

To everyone else. Google Dana Carvey, Bill Clinton impression.
That impression was pure genius.
Then, it went too far, and was too over-the-top.
THEN it went twice that far, and cycled back 'round again to being pure genius. 

@danacarvey's a talented impressionist, but his earnestness & 1,000% commitment to the bit are what make it magical.
John Bolten is more crazy than Ramsey Bolten from @GameOfThrones  !!! 
Dana doesn’t age ... what’s up with that?
Wow, that's Dana Carvey? That guy is some sort of Master of Disguise
I hope Bolton becomes a regular at #LSSC before he gets fired 
Ya, and you'll be on the cover of GQ like never.
One of the funniest 'interview' skits I've ever laughed so much thruout, thanks to Dana Carvey!
Who pod you to change your tune?
Retweeted Whaa!bulance  (@larrycraft57):

What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it. …

Bolton seems exactly like what the Hillary Cultists wanted since 2016 - unhinged warmonger from the Bush era, who is not a Russian agent like Flynn. I wish he to start at least five wars in the next month on any continet and to send all the libtards to fight for "democratization"
Do Devos..ha!
I want him to do "church lady"...
Now that was hilarious  
Just saw the show and almost peed myself laughing 
Please stop this John Bolton sketch now
The Black Night from Monte Python
Unhinged? Better look in the mirror.
AD Dartmouth pledges would have killed for that mustache
"but his mustache is unhinged"
Well that's because it's from the other side of the Galaxy
He is like the Joker meets Captain Kangaroo.
Without the mustache, his face is all nose.

More Trump nepotism. Bolton's mustache is the cousin of Trump's hair.
Laughing a bit much
Nervously
He looks like his mustache is trying to invade the rest of his face
Man, so glad I got a nap today!
Thank gosh, there's an evil.... I mean a stable genius to balance his antics
In the 1970s Bolton working in the porn industry fighting STD’s along with the Donald while John McCain was busy getting captured in Vietnam bam.
I'm pretty sure with a mustache like that you're required to notify everyone with kids within 5 miles when you move.
If all @danacarvey did for the rest of his life was imitate politicians for political satire, the world would be a better place #strategery
Bolton's mustache is an eco-system unto itself. It supports otherwise extinct fungae
Dr Seuss comes to mind every time I see that stouche. It is not reassuring.
What, me worry about Bolton? NoNoNo! The first time he sneezes in the King’s presence and a big ol booger lands stage front on that hairy bush, he’ll be gone. #TrueDat

Ok but please don't ask for Dana's Bill Clinton impression 
God I love Dana Carvey. I wish he would impersonate Trump's pastor @robertjeffress - he's a nut.
!!!!
His mustache is his personal assistant
LOL I miss Dana Carvey,he’s so good at impressions and I never get to see them anymore,thanks for sharing this I can’t wait to watch the show tonight,you’re the funniest late night guy on tv PERIOD imo,the way u rip apart @realDonaldTrump is brilliant 
Your ears and that mustache would really look good!!
Part of me understands this as Bolton, part of me understands this as Dana. I don’t care. It’s life.
I love Dana Carvey.

That mustache is never getting a security clearance.
 u Steven | miss John Stewart 
I thought his mustache was a hinge.

