You sir, are the best!  I mean, it’s a low bar but still... you should feel good kinda.
I meant Stephen...I have this crazy phone that changes the spelling sometimes. Crazy, huh?
I meant Saturday.  This would be a lot funnier if I were drunk....
Did Stormy inflate the cost of the Wollman rink to $20.2 Million ? How many minutes did she meet with Donald Jump compared to the minutes to prepare ten years of tax audits, where was she ?
Been there done that... but a funny thought. Rex Tillerson applying for unemployment comp and his 1st meeting with UPC rep.
"Release the Memooooo"....I mean the Tape!!!!
lmfao.....You Good!!!!! 
Hey Steven! Let's go fishing sometime!

I wish I could watch your show, but CBS won't let me use their app without paying additional money, instead of using a DirecTV login. Not gonna pay twice.
Stephen!!

He just fired Tillerson!?! Throwout todays jokes!!!!
Or don't and watch this instead.
Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
What really makes me smile is the thought that the president might of met Stormy right after filming this video
I'm http://watching.TV  in another time.Back in the day....
I can't.  It's Friday.  
Thanks but I have a life to live...so no.
I think this will be the PERFECT ingredient to his impeachment . . . or @ the very least . . . the escape of that poor wife (immigrant) & her son!
@StephenAtHome I laughed at the “Rumi or Outcast” joke
The president is more prepared to fight E.T than @NRA #SpaceForce
Hey Stephen, will Jon be stopping by any time soon by chance?
Your impression of Steve Mnuchin had me rolling!
Showmanship counts on twitter too, Stephen. I need more pizzaz to commit to a Monday monologue. Wow me.
KAG!
You are a communist...why do I want to watch you??
Watching you impersonate @stevenmnuchin1 had me laughing so hard I had tears down my face! Hysterical. You always kill it @StephenAtHome!!!
Go ahead Stormy spill the beans because the WHOLE WORLD KNOWS THAT PUTZUS TRUMP IS A WOMANIZING ADULTERER!!!
Thanks Stephen enjoyed the monologue
Stephen, your monologues make my night! You should send tRUMP a nice gift for making it sooooo easy to write your monologues. You can't make this sh*t up. He's a nightmare of a Prestudent but a comedians dream!  Your show.
Saw part of it last night anyways <3 
Didn't your mum tell you to say please?
Come up with something besides a Trump joke & I might. I don't support the guy but get some new material, man. This shit is stale.
You’re a joke, Stevie.
Wonder if Rex will now say he did call him a F... ing moron
Stephen Colbert さん

Watch my ◯◯ monologue now!

Thank you very much.
Hey! You're not the wife of me.
No one cares about Porn Stars and the President ... you can thank Bill Clinton for our disinterest
Hysterical, as always! So was the massage TB gave you!
Important stuff. Very important stuff. After this Trump should be no more. He's finished. Yup. A rich guy banged a hot porn star. Important.
so. bossy!
You are spot-on!
So demanding.
already watched...
Finally.
You’ve been killing it since the election started 
Jokes on you! I watched it last night!!
Love your way of presenting those topics!
