What is this image even supposed to be conveying??

Besides the artist forgetting that Trump has infant hands
He’s “teaching a man to fish”
This guy does religious paintings with his conservative heroes added in and his liberal tormentors as villains
I wish I didn’t know all this but he’s local so it’s unavoidable
It’s especially funny because there’s no way in hell Trump knows how to fish.
Should be a string tied to a golf club.
C'mon sure he does, for compliments
Hiyoooo
Only Trump would give fishing lessons in the middle of the woods
In a suit.
We truly live in the blurst of times.
Hilarious, kinda disturbing but, hilarious
Only kinda? 
Is that Trump with the guy who threatened Stormy Daniels?
Holy shit. I think you're on to something.

   Trump getting some "outside-time" at the Mark Burnett Home for Retired Reality Show Whackjobs.
"Poor people use these to catch food. Sad."
What socialist reads books just called "Socialism"?
It's a 101 class.
Too thin, and the tie is too short.

It looks more like Alec Baldwin playing trump
you’re*
Trump looks awfully thin in that painting..
Big Mac diet
I see an awful lot of Alec Baldwin in that Trump....
The thing I find improbable about this (besides everything), is I’m pretty sure Trump only understands “bait” in terms of jail and underage girls.
Still, it’s nice of that student to take time away from his classes on “Socialism” and “Justice Warrior” to be so patient with lost a senile old man in a bad-fitting suit, carrying fishing gear and pretend to fish next to no water source. People say millennials are self-centered.
Trump wrote the book on self-centered. Literally. It's called The Art of the Deal.
I would give up all of my assets to see @realDonaldTrump use a fishing rod without any assistance. No aides, no script. Just hand him a rod and watch.
 you see his "dragon energy" nicely captured and coming through.
What the hell kind of psycho made this painting???
Jon McNaughton.
You should see his "art" centered on Obama.
It's as badly done as it is comically racist.
Holy crap. I just had to go tell him...

I swear that guy on the left is James Van Der Beek. In which case, I thought Dawson already knew how to fish?
"All that time by the creek, never learned to fish. Sad!"
Honestly, this looks more like @AlecBaldwin as Trump than actual Trump
I would just like to point out that the image of Donald Trump in this portrait looks more like Alec Baldwin playing Donald Trump.
Looks more like Alec Baldwin
Son, set down those socialism books. They’re no good for you. You should instead learn to fish, like our Lord did. And the first step in learning to fish is to find a good power suit and a really long tie.
Sometimes I hook them by the _____
Feeling swampy? Just Add Manet™
Ohhhhhhh, no you didn't!  
Ah yes, conveying the fact that millions of people fell for his bullshit hook, line, and sinker
I once caught a millennial  t h i s b i g 

Definitely looks more like Alec Baldwin Trump than actual Trump. #improvement
Why is Alec Baldwin holding a fishing rod?
Oh, look! When Baron is into his 30's, Dad will finally make some time for him.
Isn't this how every "after school special " started?  ....today's episode " keep away from #sadoldorangetrump Johnny ..keep away" @LADYBUNNY77 @kathygriffin
The painting looks more like Alec Baldwin’s version of DT than Trump himself.
MY EYES!! MY EYES!!!
Oh wow! Is that the composite sketch guy who threatened Stormy Daniels?
That trump, he's always trying to sink one into the wet spot, and it smells fishy, and nonconsentual.
Am I the only one who realizes he's teaching him how to fish in the woods where there's no visible water nearby?
Trump: "After you catch the fish, I know a guy that will pay them $130,000 to forget the whole thing ever happened."
Next there will be a unmarked white panel van with dodgy license plates...
you never know
My bait is YUGE.
Masterbaiter...
Who is the thin, pleasant-looking man that’s dressed like Donald Trump?
So he’s teaching a socialist Tom Brady how to fish?
Teach a man to inherit millions of dollars from his daddy, and you’ll feed him for life.
“This is what I’d look like if I weighed 239 and was 6’3”.”
The viewer is meant to assume that the young man has been indoctrinated by socialism. But the illustrator is unaware that educated people read widely, fearlessly engaging diverse ideas. That is the Western tradition, and conservatism once confidently worshipped at its altar.

"The Father Eric Never Had"
Fixed it
Dude, you've become a "one trick pony"! Meanwhile, North and South Korea are conducting an historic summit! Yea, no joke there. I'm not a fan of Kanye West, but I think you just shit in your pants 
Trump should be more careful. The last time he tried to teach people, it ended up costing him $25-million.
That’s Alec Baldwin
Looks like Baldwin as Trump
@StephenAtHome You typo-ed “condom.”
You forgot about furniture, Stephen.
That's not Trump. That's Alec Baldwin AS Trump.
Socialism: the textbook
Haughton Mifflin
Is that the guy that threatened @StormyDaniels?
I appreciate the effort in accurately depicting how awful the fit of his suits are.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. Give a man fishing tackle in the middle of the woods and you watch him slowly starve to death.
Shouldn't the book say "Social Justice" instead of "Justice Warrior"?
Does anyone else think it looks more like Alec Baldwin than the Orange Fuhrer?
When you wanted to get nukes just so Trump could get blamed... Btw where's his Nobel Peace Prize?
Now he'll be a socialist (or who knows, maybe just a person who actually reads about things, including socialism) who knows how to fish! Pretty good DEAL actually.
“Here is how you kill snakes and plant flowers in concrete” ummmmmm
Notice the book on socialism. Who goes fishing in a suit?
Trump doesn't fish, does he? He's so damned squeamish. No way he would touch bait or live fish.
Is he teaching Tom Brady how to fish?
I’d never heard of this fellow, but found another painting where he has Trump crushing the head of a serpent, implying that he is the messianic figure prophesied in the Gen. 3:15 “protoevangelium.” I sure hope that people of faith are rejecting the open blasphemy of his work.
Bring back Ching Chong Ding Dong
Kind of curious why the artist went with the “teach a man to fish” adage. I’ve never seen Trump with a rod and reel, only a golf club.
I, too, wear the same outfit to court that I wear fishing. 

The judge keeps yelling at me for the waders, though.
Bingo
Once upon a time you used to be funny and then you let your hatred control your creativity ..
STORMY DANIELS: MISSION IMPOSSIBLE – FALLOUT
Anybody else Mis read this as condoms first?

Complete with a book labeled "socialism".
Does anyone else think that it’s going to get X-rated in a few minutes?
Someone took the time to draw this...
I can’t even.
Wow you used to be funny . Sad fucking sell out

Did the artist use Alec Baldwin as a model? 
Trump looks lot younger than this painting 
Fishers of men, the bible says. He that "Fishes Catches" . Who you going to be the fool who gets caught, or the one who does the  "Catching" . Are you going to "Play the victim that finally understand the game, but then does not use it ?
Real trump would take up half that bench and wonder why the shrimp aren’t the colonel’s extra crispy...sad fishing

You’re a riot...if Trump wasn’t President, you’d be unemployed. 
Really having to scrape...sad!
That guy is studying socialism.
Man, everyone remember when Steven Colbert was funny? Like when he was using satire and not heavy handed jokes written by @chelseahandler
By does his son look like The goat?
Is that @TheoVon ?? Run Theo!!
Donald trying to catch "the best people" in the swamp.

What the hell am I looking at?
Remember that movie where Donald Trump taught Tom Cruise how to fish? I think it was called Jerry Maguire
Looks more like Alec Baldwin than Trump.
Your pathetic!!
teach a man to fish and make profits off it and he'll drive entire species extinct
Say what you will about Trumpers, but they really get the essence of their president. The “soul” of him, you know?
This is how you bait investors
I’m convinced you are envious of trump. Get a new shtick. You are starting to remind the world of a crying infant. If this is what you need to remain relavent. You need to work a little harder.
This looks like the artist used Alec Baldwin-as-Trump as the reference.
I find this image a-LURE-ing
i see Trump got bariatric surgery

I read that as “free condoms”
Deeply creepy!
Mr. Colbert...you are offering FREE CONDOMS?! cool
Jon McNaughton answers the question "What if Hitler learned how to paint people and not just architecture?"
Is that @AlecBaldwin as #Drumpf ??
Nobody would go fishing in a suit, actually Trump probably would.
Thought it said ' condoms' lol had to read it twice !
So the white kid studying socialism is the main target of Operation MAGA? Convert the white kid before he becomes one of *them*?
The Art of "ALURE". #1bestseller
Hands are too big.
This is a 'fundraiser' for your sister. Do you normally use the Podesta brothers?
#QAnon
How dare you besmirch fishing.  
Good day sir
Ah yes good old SOCIALISM the book, a classic text if there ever was one

Not pictured: a hook caught in his fingers, the line wrapped around his  ankle, and the stink of raw fish suspiciously not coming from the bait  box.
Cyote or roadrunner...BOTH SITTING ON THE SAME BENCH!!
Lmfao!
What's funny is that looks like @AlecBaldwin.
I know you're a comedian but 
Is that his presidential painting ? Hang it beside lincolns.  With a gold frame of course
Punchline “Trump” - it’s just as funny as it was the 500th time
“I know Stephen Colbert gave you those books on socialism. I want you to give them back, he is a racist on the down low, trying to keep black people enslaved mentally.”

creepy
It looks like Alec Baldwin

That looks more like Alec Baldwin than Trump.

Is that @AlecBaldwin ???
Are you off your meds?
 . . . lawd'a mercy.
colbert your a weinnie man - go hang out with cosby he will teach you how to boing women
I read it too fast and thought it said 'free condoms'.
Who's that guy with the fishing pole in the tie sitting next to @boburnham ? 
Lmao! Who the hell made this ridiculous painting in the first place?
Looks like Baldwin playing Trump, more than actual Trump.
Huh. I didn’t know he was into fishing.
It’s truly hard to fully care comprehend the absurdity of this “art”. It’s mind boggling.
I got got like that once #neveragain
Looks like @AlecBaldwin he watched too much SNL! 
Is this how YOU try to entice viewers ? 328+ million Americans never watch your hack job. You're an out of touch nobody.
Looks like @MattOswaltVA got a hobby.
Hope that kid doesn’t have a gun in his backpack
Why is Alec Baldwin teaching that kid to fish?
What is this? Seriously. Wut.
Chasing tail 
This is @StephenAtHome: Colbert (white) & his team of writers (almost all white) using a platform owned by a 94-year-old white billionaire (Sumner Redstone) to lecture a black dude about how he should stay in his lane:
Seems accurate
Looks more like @AlecBaldwin version of trump more than trump lol
Free condoms? He does not wear any!
tooooo damn funny
The exact opposite of the lascivious lout, President Amabo. So good.
Wow such beautiful subtlety.

"What's your favorite part?"

"The heavy-handedness!!"

https://youtu.be/IpXX7MyxcEk?t=1m7s …
Is the guy on the left Tom Brady?
His tie!
This is not Trump. @realDonaldTrump is 289 lbs.
Trump meets Logan Paul in the suicide forest where they find the belongings of another poor soul.
Trying to get votes?
Its funny but I kinda don’t get it
Or promises to lift sanctions ...
#whateverworks
The key to paying hookers is...
And THIS..is a WARNING
He's staring at Trump's crotch
Looking for that big purple worm.
is that trump with chad michael murray
I feel like that guy on the left has to be someone. He has a socialism textbook next to him. Or maybe he symbolizes socialistic government and Trump is trying to bond with him.
"lewer"
Who the fuck fishes in a business suit?
That looks like the Alec Baldwin Trump 
It's an appropriate rod & reel for bottom fishing--but the pole seems way too long and stiff to belong to @realDonaldTrump.

Get over it. Trump won. And is winning
You’re becoming passé Stephen.....do you have any other Jokes or is this pretty much it everyday? Take a page out of Bill Maher’s book and try intelligent political humor.
Forrest Trump
Is that supposed to be Alec Baldwin dressed as Trump?
Is it just me or did they actually use @AlecBaldwin as Trump as the model for this?
When the president looks more like Baldwin than himself.
This is a sad attempt to humanize this piece of dogshit loitering in the Oval Office. Hilarious
Looks like a "Norman Rockwell" painting of an experienced Grandfather teaching his grandson the proper ropes to me....i guess its all a matter of perspective.
His favorite lure?  The ‘Glittering Expensive Hooker’
