LOL!
Finally! For a week and four days I've been waiting!
Don’t need you on YouTube
Correction, there will be a Trump Presidential Casino not a Trump Presidential Lbrary

Not impressed you went away unless it was because you couldn't keep a straight face. #lol
WOO HOO GO TAINT TEAM SIX!

Yay!!! We've missed you!! 
Oh that was awesome! I missed you!
don't ever leave again, you precious human
Steve. You missed a pound of cake on your face. I can see a pot.
Hey, don't disappear on us like that! T'was looong week... ok, sorry, bit way to selfish, ya folks deserve vacation, from time to time 
Oh good. What was I supposed to do, sleep?
#TeamTaint
That’s to bad!!!!!!!
First, Trump's building caught fire

 Then for his lawyer, it began looking dire.

 It was his files the FBI raided 

Causing the Donald to get hugely irritated 

As he is the beacon of truth, and everyone else is a liar.
Please don’t go away again 
I need my daily dose of laughter to keep the crazy at bay!
Glad to see you back. Trump and his band of loyal crooks were all set to get you fired. They are still working on it. You say too much Truth and you know how Trump feels about Truth.
#MAGA  My Attorney Got Arrested!!
Have we been pre-recording shows on CBS? My name is Eduard Gabriel Rodriguez and I'm just wondering if I was involved in your show last night. Or am I going crazy...It seems like we've been talking. I hope you didn't bloop me out so much and I'm sorry if I cussed on your show.
I heard you was busy at the winter white house eating all that good cake....tell us about that 130k check on 69 minutes....
Yay!
Assclown
Welcome back Stephen. Nice to have my favourite talk show host back!
I missed you so much. You are my beacon of laughter in these Dark Times. Plus, the Sexiest Man on tv.
Wizard, guess you haven't seen many men...
I'm so glad you're back, been missing you on YouTube where I watch your show in clips from across the pond.
Taint team, asstronomical coast to run it.


Just in time!
Did @seanhannity get confused and think that @jimmykimmel was producing "Our Cartoon President"? Because I could see how he'd get upset about that. It's freakin' brilliant!
And just in time for the hanging.....

welcome back 
He missed the bit where Avenatti describes Cohen as a "Purse Puppy".
I can't stop laughing 
Hey @StephenAtHome! Real fan from Montreal here . I'll be in New York in August and would love to see your show. Will the show be running during the week of August 6? Thanks!
That was so freaking funny!!!  tied all the key pieces together with great laughs...
So glad you're back!
About effin time you slackers! 
About time!!
Where did you go?
Ah, play golf? Mar-a-Lago?
Can we please make the laywer #TaintTeam a thing today Twitter?
Stormy weather ahead in DC...
what timing!
It’s about damn time!
Stop taking week long vacations every three weeks work like rest of us we miss your joke :)
I switch to Kimmel when he leaves. Fresh jokes.

This conservative is proposing a solution to firing Mueller. Let them know if you agree! https://twitter.com/_proud_american/status/983369302727258113?s=21 …
Yayy
I thought u quit 
We barely missed you, sorry
Please never leave us again
Yeh fuck sake
At laaasast
Aloha means hello and goodbye


Just in time for a Trimp melt down.
Wall know it's supposed to be TRUMP!  God I hate auto correct.
Yes, you are! I now have the opportunity to invite you to my site, http://alienbabble.com  where you are always WELCOME! ♡
Missed you. I hope you stay on the "air" for a long time.
We’re going to need some comic relief with this one.
Just in time
It’s been too long
Oh, how we’ve missed you
