Or Brad Pitt
But did you see this Stephen? Compliments of Scott Nevins!
Is Sara Huckabee transgender???
No she's Imbread
It really IS Tom Brady, I cannot believe it!



Beyond hilarious!!!
I knew it!!
That guy is too good-looking to be Sean Hannity.   
Younger, better looking Sean.
https://goo.gl/images/tqxAhE 

I see it.


It’s her ex husband
I don't doubt Stormy Daniels claim but...OMG, it's Kato Kaelin again! ...just say'n
Stormy was threatened by Grant Goodeve?
ART IS ART
I'm not sayin' it was @TonyRobbins ; I'm just sayin' he'd say Stormy Daniels is seeking significance through victimhood.

maybe screen size was zoomed
Oh I know who it was now...
Me too
Looks like Jon Bon Jovi
Or deflate footballs #TomBrady
Do we know where Willem Dafoe was on that evening?
It’s either Willem Dafoe or Rob Lowe!

Looks like a bunch of asshats I  tossed down. Want a list? Had to call 911 once it was  really bad. I never told anyone. It's fine.  Except it is not fine. .No weapon, no anything. Only verbal threats. Geena Davis, Susan Sarandon.  Love them since 1905
Colbert= lame , not funny
Lol
Oh and Trump doest know what year it is...


Well said
Isn't that Willem Dafoe?

This is Stormy and her husband! How funny is THIS?? 
Her recollection from 7 years ago seeing a person for about 15 seconds.  Hmmm. He looks just like the sketch!!

That’s like a really, really good looking William Dafoe... put an apb out for all male models with kinda trendy hair...
Looks familiar. Isn’t he a “co-star” in a few of  Stormy’s movies?
That's her boyfriend!
So we decided that just about any hunky man maybe the guy....
GUYS I THINK I FOUND HIM
Murica....f#@c ya
That’s the Mooch
This is what Trump Jr. wishes he looked like.
A young Corbin Bernsen?
Maybe he is native American. Call Elizabeth Warren and ask her if she knows him.
It's Willem Dafoe.
mystery solved
It's Tom Brady!!!!
& stop hearts with those eyes!   LOL
Tom Brady lol

Dexter Morgan is at large again

Season 1 Jamie Lannister up to his usual shenanigans
RE: Love Child. Bon Jovi and Who?

http://blogosphere45.blogspot.com/2018/04/compositeman-is-currently-on-search-and.html … No @McDonalds for him. #Marci made me do it. @955KLOS
He must break walnuts with the size of that chin
And those eyes will pierce your soul
He threatens you...with seduction.
He looks like the mooch!
Next Stormy will be taking a knee like Colin Kaepernick to get attention. She already takes two knees.
Looks like Tom Brady.
And Stormy's Lawyer goes right to the front of the line

#HannoverMesse one of the worlds biggest industrial fairs in Germany has 6,500 exhibitors and 250,000 visitors which will be opened by Chancellor Dr Angela Merkel -and there are 10 live demos of #IOTA present…
looks like in her mind she combined Willem Defoe and Bon Jovi?
Mind if I borrow this for my Middle Earth roleplaying campaign? Still need some black numenorean NPC pics.
Looks like a slightly less creepy, young Willem DeFoe!
Looks like young Brad Pitt?!?


Dang that kinda looks like... me :p
I knew Willem Dafoe was a Terminator.
Shit ain’t funny
I watched the X-Files growing up. All I can think is, alien bounty hunter?!?!

It was Willem Dafoe?
If she was threaten that moment why didn’t  she report it. Why did she  wait for so long. I think she also did wrong for taking the money and didn’t report it sooner. If it involve politics she should’ve reported. Not smart at all.
Young Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Hahaha no joke cheeks of steel
My god, he looks like a young William Dafoe. Stormy must have just watched To Live and Die in L.A.
Sounds like Dexter morgan
Cheekbones for days
Looks like a young Clint Schwarzenegger.
She lies, she is a Whore that screws everyone. Larry Sinclair, said he had sex and drugs back in 1999. Well that's a long time ago, and so was Stormy.
Looks like Scaramucci

Looks like the actor from “Dexter”. She’s lucky to be alive. 
@elijahdaniel
Where is my 100k
William Defoe?
https://www.gofundme.com/getting-my-family-a-place-to-live?sharetype=teams&member=86436&rcid=r01-152405208158-5525c990d65c4dbe&pc=ot_co_campmgmt_m … my family needs a little help I have to put my pride aside and ask for help my family has to find a place to live by June so please if anyone can donate or share my post it is greatly appreciated thank you and God Bless
Wow
Dexter or Rob Lowe
It's the bad guy from Stallone COBRA
It's the secret love child of Arnold shwarzenegger and Kato kailin
clearly the villain from Cobra
#ireneadler #thosecheekbonesdoe
Oh fuck its Val Kilmer from 1995
Clearly Tom Brady
Well, now we know it’s fake news.  Everyone knows that is a job for Gary Busey.
Is that Tom Brady?
Dexter,have you returned ?
Looks a little like TB12
Cato!

@MichaelAvenatti maybe take a look at cohens friend seated here with Cohen on a springy thuggy NY day!
When cartoon characters are assaulted, do their composite police sketches resemble photos of real people?
I think it might have been the 'Mooch
My mother called me just to tell me how handsome she thought he was.

...Brady?
He looks like an actor I have seen but I can't place him.
@TonyRobbins, you're in deep shit.
I am pretty sure that is the new Han Solo. Would that make his employer Jabba the Trump?
Its a young Mooch!!! #frontstabber
It was Mike Fisher
I’m pretty sure he looks like mike fisher from the Nashville Predators
Dude looks a touch like  Richard Ramirez
That’s what I thot. He’s older now. If he hasn’t gained weight, they may be more pronounced.
Mr. Colbert, If I may, say Stephen , my name is William John Caridi, 64 of age retired entrepreneur, spiritual teacher, artist , you have the gift of life, I just wanted to tell you, I am a Catholic to, but I am not a Catholic anymore, do you know why? Because I don't get Nunn
It's clearly Brian Thompson.
And pierced u with those eyes ...
Close enough
It's Green Goblin

weapon is in pants, she KNOWS that
Who believes her anyway......
It's such a BS story because she only mentioned being threatened after she realized her story wasent getting the traction she wanted because she can make more money if she dosent have to abide by non disclosure she signed.
Wait, that's Tony freakin' Robbins. MO fits and everything.
Fuck me, that’s Willem Dafoe.
Fucking Kato
I mean..... I think I found him 
hahahaha You should talk talk to John Basita  more.
He looks like every white guy. This is not helpful.
Hilarious!!!
Kato Kailin, is that you???

I bet his hair was pulled back in a ponytail and quite long and sandy blonde and he is about 6 feet 2 inches and he looks like a Rock Star, I think I saw this guy as I was walking with my Senator campaign banner on Fremont street in VEGAS here. He wears grung Rock clothes.

It’s a young Tucker Carlson.
He looks like the New York ranger goalie!
I think that is Matt Damon.....

I'd tap that
You’re Welcome
Guilty..
That’s TONY ROBBINS! 
he wasnt armed but his dik was loaded lol
We all know th truth about.
A young Willem Dafoe?
Is that. .....BILL CLINTON?  Nevermind, the sketch  looks alot like Comey .

I thought it was a sketch of John Eric Hexum, except for the nagging fact he's been dea way too long to look that good.

I don't wish to accuse Brian Thompson of anything untoward but that's definitely Brian Thompson.
I immediately thought Willem Dafoe.
I think Brian Thompson is actually one of Willem Dafoe's best characters. He's just that good of an actor he tricked us into believing they're different people.
Oddly enough, it looks like Richard Spencer.
Dexter?
Tony Robbins??
Did the threat take place on the set of a porn movie? Because if so someone should inform Stormy what a fetish is.
Dear Stephen, everyone is saying this person who threatened Stormy Daniels looks like none other than Tom Brady!

Don Johnson from his Sonny Crockett days? No offense meant,  Mr.  Johnson.
Just sayin’...
@theDALTONcastle what the heck did you do?!?   
jawline is same as her ex husband  uncanny
Dexter?
Looks like the Mooch!
Willam Dafoe?

So Jayson Bourne?
He looks just like her X


Okay first of all every one has a twin lol...and 2nd i know several guys that look like this guy lol
LMAO
Ken haha
I don’t know about cutting glass, but you could probably deflate a football with them.
And here I thought Josh Brolin was doing well for himself.
It's not the cheekbones. It's the eyes. Dead. Soulless. Of course, Javier Bardem is better looking.
Isn't that Timothy Oliphant?
Pretty sure it's putin
Is that @RyanSeacrest ??
Not to mention the people you could pierce with his eyes!
That dose not look like denisdaily
Well this is one way for a Hollywood server to get famous...
