
Stephen, you’re no longer entertaining or interesting, just boring and predictable
       the amount of times your writing staff should be FIRED for the lame writing of the President Trump jokes you say! #MAGA
He is a no talent comedian that's why he stays on the Trump topic and never leaves.
So what's the @DNC Plantation paying escaped slave catchers these days Stephen? Good thing they have a white man in a suit to tell them how to think...  #Kanye #Trump2020 #TrumpTrain  #Colbert
Wow, you're about 100 years behind in history. Yes, that happened in the past, but is not what the party is today. Those Southern Democrats all defected to the Republican Party in the early 20th century. This is the 21st century. Catch up!
1,271 people would like to see Larry Sharpe on your show!
#SharpenColbert @LarrySharpe #GoldRush2018
U desperate bro
Gotta love the 1% like you telling others how to think.
Colbert is so behind the times. Making fake crap up is so yesterday. Truth Seekers can smell his sh*t  miles away. #qanon

We were in the audience last night and had a great time. Like @hwinkler4real said, you make this past year bearable. Love your show.
Don’t even have to watch to know you were bashing @POTUS...not interested in your hate.
Steve doesn’t like it when black people form their own opinions. Be careful chastising Kanye. You might expose your agenda
Good one! My husband snorted his morning tea out of his nose laughing...
Nolte: Stephen Colbert Leads Social Justice Mob Against @kanyewest West http://bit.ly/2Fkt1iC  via @BreitbartNews
You’re a racist.

I am beyond pissed. I am beyond angry. I am beyond any emotion that can be summed up by words.

The confident, RACISM of #StephenColbert @StephenAtHome &…
Love your show 
White liberal tells black man to get back on the DNC plantation.  Not much has changed with you Democrats in the last 150 + years.
Massa Steve, you gonna tell black people how to think some more.  You sure did crack the whip on kanye last night for not following your group think
He really played Trump, and Congress took it a step further by applauding him and saying what a great speech it was. Can't wait to see what Trump tweets about this. He practically does your job for you.
People actually watch your show? 
Yes, on YouTube. . 
Do you often comment on the shows you don't watch?
Yes. Especially ones as stupid as Colbert
Wow colbert way to crack that whip when a black man supports President Trump, keep em in line youuuuuuuu racist!
Donald is going on a rambling rant on @foxandfriends  He sounds like my bipolar Mania day yesterday but hes normal genius.
Hmmm...Let me guess:

"Trump.. Trump... Trump... Trump... Trump...."

Neoliberal comics are SOOO fresh!
Let me guess     It had something to do with politics.   Crazy thought you were a late night comedy show
Poking fun at politicians is an old comedy tradition. Of course, Trump writes his own material, so it's already low-hanging fruit.
Funny didn't see his old routine from last president    Must've missed that.    And yes barbs I get how comedy works but it's the same one sided agend.   Just gets old is all I'm saying.    But since you have been crying for 2 years you must need it as therapy
The last President didn't act like an insane loon. He also did his own comedy. Google thanks Obama on youtube.
I can't wait to see tonight's show considering Trumps confession on Fox & Not-Your-Friends this morning!
Don't need to watch. You're act is like a dog returning to its vomit.

Geeky liberal non-funny white guy telling Kanye to stay on the plantation.
Oh that was great! 
 your show is like watching paint dry. STOP THE POLITICAL JOKES. Even the Dems are sick and tired of them. Find another area of comedy please your ratings are going down. Half of voted for him! You’re automatically turning off half of the US!
https://twitter.com/lybr3/status/989493609446690817 …
How does it feel to know there are more people watching in the audience than on TV?
Love Steven Colbert!
Best description of you and your stupid show
congratulations
How can you sleep with a President of the United States living in your head, 24X7. hahaha!!!
What a fucking embarrassment you are. Theres a positive movement of inclusiveness rumbling through America.  Spread love. You don't have to be a Democrat.  Be American
Let me guess. It was yet another anti-Trump diatribe. I didn’t vote for the guy, but he takes more ridiculous crap on the daily than a public toilet. You’re ensuring his re-election.
Damn Colbert....writers still on vacation?
Nope, Trump is still writing material for Stephen, and for free!
Still waiting on funny...no matter what Colbert's source.
Perhaps you need a sense of humor transplant.
@LAFD<3
https://youtu.be/O4o8TeqKhgY 
https://youtu.be/4Wu_45scHN0 
https://youtu.be/cPqBLSVot00 
https://youtu.be/VitKvID-uvY 
https://youtu.be/weSY9isR1Z4 
MiScusi?
P∆X
Please interview @LarrySharpe I think you'll be very surprised.

The plantation supervisors are out in full force. 
They want their slaves back. https://twitter.com/thr/status/989330502061608960 …
Oh look, a rich white man telling a black man how to think. Colbert would have been a slave owner...
It’s kind of weird seeing @StephenAtHome putting these uppity colored folks in their place. How dare @KanyeWest speak his mind and think for himself!
Why are you leading the modern day equivilant to a Confederate lynch mob against a black musician? Are you trying to be fog horn leg horn or were you going for realism trying to imitate Stinewall Jackson. Congrats your the modern day lunch mob flag boy.
So let me get this right. A white male just disparaged a black man for speaking his mind and not shutting up...racist???
No one cares

It's about time, Colbert!
How it going mate? Are you the lad behind 'Our Cartoon President'? It's just finished airing over here. Pisa funny, bravo. Also, you have our sympathy for having such a fuckpuddle as your President. Cheers.
LMFAO!! Yes, you're right! I wish I could teach my children to hide at school in case someone turns up to kill them with an AR-15!!!
Not sure how kids hiding from a guy with an ar-15 is funny to u. I was just standing up for our great president.
I appreciate my reply may have been in bad taste but so was your attack on me. You might think he's great but many, MANY people think he's a repugnant, terrible President. An opinion I'm entitled to have without being attacked by people such as you! Cheers mate!
And my comment wasn't supposed to be funny. I find the many mass shootings in your country abhorrent and wrong. I'm glad I live in a country that doesn't have such horrific, regular mass shootings. That was the point I was making. Your country isn't that great. Not many are!
Any chance we can do an even up trade with France?  We'll take their President and they can  have ours.  Heck, well give them a trade surplus; throw in our VP.
Yep
Nothing better to do than ridicule two great men?
Your words/behavior are sophomoric—crude and destructive.
YOU ARE DRUNK ON YOUR OWN DELUSION.

Nobody listens to your crap anyhow.
https://twitter.com/PrisonPlanet/status/989625521460994048?s=19 …

Crack that whip Stephen.
OK, let's play the left's game here for a sec.

Stephen Colbert (white) & his team of writers (almost all white) using a platform owned by a 94-year-old white billionaire (Sumner Redstone) to…

Rich white guys are great
Please, masa be telling wat to fhink
I have followed you all year, I should say, all the days of this Administration, it's the only thing that has got me past this awful nightmare.
Stephen Colbert for President of . . . France. #Drumpf #MakeAmericaGrateAgain
Nobody cares.
Funny stuff.  I hope Trump stays in office just so you can rail on him for the next 3 years.
Show has nothing new. No new material monologue is is a constant spew of Trump bashing.  Would like to see a little diversity bashing.
stupid lol
@StephenAtHome you sir are truly the new Sheriff in town. Hope you enjoy your days of leading the #ThoughtPolices.  After loving you on the Colbert Report, it pains me to see you this way. @realDonaldTrump must be all you think about day and night. #MAGA2020 #DemocratLiesMatter
I didn’t know you were a racist piece of shit. I really liked you at one time, but ever since you decided your show was going to be nothing but Trump bashing I could care less. Funny you talk about cock holsters, that’s exactly how I think about you and Jon Stewart.
Bring back Ching Ching Ding Dong.
Old men who dye their hair are pathetic. You're not qualified or credible to critique a talent such as Kanye.
Today Bill Cosby was found guilty of sexual abuse, however, Mr. Stephen "Cockholster" Colbert will make remarks that Kanye's act of endorsing Trump are far more egregious than what Cosby is guilty of.

You did realize that all that sucking up did have a purpose...
Fans who like Stephen Colbert also like turtles
Uh, you mean your 15 writer’s monologue?

LOL desperate for viewers here Stephen.  You should be everyone see right through your liberal bs.  People are tired of it.  Hopefully, you will be off the air soon!
Richard Grenell...latest American success story, but the left are scarily silent. Why?


#ReleaseTheTexts
In true Democrat fashion, Ol' Masta Colbert tellin' the black folks @kanyewest they best be stayin' on the plantation.
Stephen Colbert is anti gay and a racist. The evidence is all there.
Is it me or did I read that elected officials are exempt from mandatory drug testing?
Why are you treating @kanyewest like he is a slave. He left the Democrat Plantation and he thinks for himself.  Now racist leftists like yourself will condemn him. When will you have homophobic Joy Reid on your show ?
More excited for your monolog tonight after trump's epic meltdown! #Meltdown #FoxAndFriends #Collusion
bill cosby has a penis that is bigger than you - can you boink 62 women?
oh man theres more trump supporters in this comment section than colbert supporters LOL
Bfd
Look at late night. This idiot Colbert believes because Kayne has his own thoughts he has to be crazy.
To the tune of " Off to see the Wizard": Cosby's off to see the warden, Mean old warden because
Cos Bill did things to dates
That would give normal folks much pause. If not for anguish & pain he caused
His freedom at age 80 would not be lost
Bill Cosby Cosby Cosby Cosby Cos!
Your such a racist dude
You really do love Trump. Such an obsession it's scary..... No talent wart on the ass of society...gross.
You’re still boring
What are your thoughts on Trump's celebratory interview on Fox and Friends for Melania's birthday?
... so, you don’t believe that a black man can think for himself? and that if he does, he has mental issues? Yikes dude, think things through next time.
you know that a joke is really good when @JonBatiste says "ohhhhhh!  oh no! you didn't say that"  :)
Thank you, thank you, thank you! You are awesome!

So what...no one is interested.
Who cares. You are still a pos.
Are you certain Pizzagate isn’t real?
Your humor is one of the things that is keeping a good portion of America sane ... LOL... what does That say about us? LOL
Earn $400+up /mo driving where you already drive!
Why do you hate Trump, Stephen Colbert. Please explain.
Pour une fois qu’on parle de nous !  
No thanks.
I guess you have a monologue for Kanye as well..... after all if you keep repeating the same lies again and again, it should be a truth that the cult member needs to follow.. and he went against the cult ..
I hope you just witnessed the Fox & Friends implosion this morning. Excited to hear what you make of it later tonight.
Is it good?
It's Colbert. Of course it's good.
They are connected, Stephen.
