Did Comey lose an election to Donald Trump? When given a choice between HRC & a madman, the nation went with the madman. I don't want her opinion on breakfast after that.
What makes you think anyone wants your opinion on anything then?
My opinion on things isn't responsible for one of the greatest political fiascos in American history.
No that would be the Republican Party endorsing and supporting a Russian stooge.
They will. He hasn’t been crying for 16 months.... yet.
Actually, I wish he'd go away just as much as I wish Hillary would go away. Thanks 2 both of them we are stuck dealing with this "45" BS. While I like any efforts he put forth to bring down the current GOP regime, we still wouldn't have even had 2 even HAVE it! #BernieWouldveWon
Except that Bernie lost.
SUPER SLAM!!!!!!!!!....... SPOT ON!!!!!!!!.........
That’s what I told him to do. Plus, I added, “Go fuck yourself.”
But did he listen? No.
yea i'm sure that had everything to do with her sex, and nothing to do with her being complicit in rigging the primary against the most popular progressive in the country, etc.
If you're talking about HRC and that bastard Bernie Sanders - 1) He's not a Dem, has NEVER been a member of Dem party. He's a socialist. Period.  2) (now this is important so pay attention since ur clearly dense) she did NOTHING to rig the primaries. NOTHING. HE LOST THANK GOD
I am a democratic socialist.
We seem to be sharing the same experience of 2016 elections , 
It affected me in Uganda too

And we have not forgotten how cruel you were to her during primary, we haven’t forgotten how you loved and supported the Alt- Left , unfortunately @comey did the same 

#SillWithHer 
#StrongerTogether
Absolutely can NOT WAIT to see this WITCH, HOMOBAMA and hubster BillyBOB HANGED OR SHOT for real URANIUM ONE TREASON!   YES WE CAN!
Can you try and be more offensive, misogynist and homophobic?
Thanks for bringing a little humor and perspective to our crazy political environment!!
I love you.
Lol
Republican in everything but name.
or knit. Don't forget knit. Also, there's this
As an American, I want an apology from @Comey  and he must go on national tv and tell us the election was a fraud and then @HillaryClinton can sue for her rightful place as our President
He was doing his job, I hate that @realDonaldTrump won, but sometimes when we do our job correctly, some people dislike us.
Actually he violated Justice dept rules and norms to cover his butt.
But then again he didn’t rig an election.
Like Putin?
Like the DNC admitted to in court
Many people have said just that
Right on sister!
Because Comey wasn't one of the two candidates nobody wanted, and no ordinary citizens had any participation in selecting. To anybody saying that it was fair and square ordinary citizens who decided that Hillary should continue running, I say; horse shit! Rigged banana republic.
He also didn't lose an election to Donald effing Trump. #JustSaying

Notice when Hillary lost to Obama in the 2008 primary no one told her to go away?

BECAUSE SHE DIDN'T LOSE TO DONALD EFFING TRUMP.
Hopefully the Mueller investigation will discover how the Russians kept Clinton from campaigning in certain states...
She didn't campaign in my state either and she still won my state .... cuz we're smart like that.
She won my state because a majority of the residents are borderline illiterates who would vote for a potted plant if it had a (D) next to its name on the ballot.

*shrug*
I'd love to hear how you describe the ones who voted for the (R) in your state.
Just imagine whatever you want in order to leave this conversation happy.
Hillary Clinton was a terrible candidate, admit it.
Winning the popular vote is completely irrelevant.
It’s irrelevant to the outcome of the election. It’s not irrelevant in the larger sense. Think beyond tiny walls.
Funny no one tells Romney either, he lost and seems to be fine to carry-on,no one tells him to take up knitting. what cld be the difference
The difference is that Comey didn't try and blame everyone else while simultaneously claiming he was taking responsability.
Or go knit something
It's because he can't afford to pay for handlers to tell him the best thing to do like Hitlary. Instead he's running around like a moron when he probably SHOULD be hiding somewhere. He looks too prissy to hang out in the woods anyway.
#DonaldTrump wishes he had.
Well, to be fair, they thought they were being enlightened by not telling her to get in the kitchen and make them a sandwich.
Uh...  Hillary is a war criminal
Right, they are telling him to go to jail, so, why does it have to be woods? He's never seen in woods, that's where HRC's came from right?
Maybe because he didn't waste half if it blaming others for his mistakes?
Neither did she.
Really?  Did she rake responsibility for her loss? For the corruption during the primaries? (There was a lawsuit.  It was admitted by DAD, who didn't care.  Private party can change the rules as much as They want, but YOU didn't need to know.)  No. She Blamed.
Claims of corruption fall apart when you consider the caucuses, where Sanders did the best,  were controlled by the DNC. If your claims were real he would have lost them like he did with open & closed primaries.
It's so much harder to cheat a voice vote.....  Sanders win those.  Ballots went missing, were destroyed.  It all came out in court.
DNC has no control over ballots, state election officials do.

Caucuses are a form of voter suppression because fewer people participate in them. That's why the far left likes.
Nice try.  They are the original form of democracy.
Caucuses are highly undemocratic.
That would be hilarious if you didn’t also give Hillary crap on your show for writing her book. You made fun of her opening passage saying how she could speak freely now, as if it was too late.
And you played a clip from her supposed audio book and it was a woman cussing and breaking things, because women are so emotional, GET IT?
And you suggested she ought to go to Wisconsin on her book tour, because media folks like you kept pretending that’s why she lost, even though you knew better
Hillary Clinton should be hung by the neck until she is dead by a legally sanctioned court of law, which means this tweet does not advocate murder and is not in violation of Twitter’s rules.
And people who say things like that, should have the same thing happen to themselves.
You don’t want that comma there, hth.
Maybe because he didn’t lose to the most beatable candidate in history
Well I think we should tell him to go walk in the woods and keep quiet.
Funny how he didn’t run for President and lose.... to this guy.
Thank you for saying this!
Or knit
At least his sci-fi series is fantastic!
Please ask Comey if rogue NY bureau FBI agents along with Rudy threatened disclosure of emails (mostly duplicates) forcing him to reopen investigation, thus protecting DOJ and FBI. Creating fodder for bots, loser for HRC.
I read it. T or F ?
They should. Comey, walk into the woods and be quiet.
I completely agree with your underlying point, but two things. Clinton fatigue in general, for both she and Bill, was part of that. And here are plenty of people that want Comey to go away lol. I’m glad he wrote the book though. We needed it.
He should
Okay, okay l understand the apprehension and the nervousness everyone must feel about this horrid, horrid subject. Okay I'll do it. I will take one for the team.
Jim, will you go into the woods and be quiet? You know, just shut up.
There it's done.
You should go walk into the woods & keep quiet.  You aren’t funny & worst late night ever!!!!
Poor, poor, pitiful Hillary.  Should we start a gofundme Stephen?
He's pointing out a double standard, not saying she deserves more money.
But it's nonsense.  Tons of people are telling Comey he shouldn't have written this book, that he's just trying to cash in, that he's embarrassing himself.  This absurd notion that Hillary is a victim, and this only happens to her, is just too much.
Okay, so you disagree that there is a double standard. Fair. What does that have to do with a celebrity being paid to give speeches?
What celebrity are you talking about?
Ah, Stephen, that’s where you’re wrong my dude.
This topic, in relation to Comey & the black hole that is this country’s corporate-kakistocracy/political culture/government — that, I’m sure, you’re all too familiar with.. like, every day I’m all “Disappear forever corrupt liars!”
@Comey should go live in the woods and be quiet. There. No one likes James Comey. Not even his family.
Why didn’t Comey take up knitting?  Nobody wants to hear from him.
What? Drunk and in the woods and Cheney hunting somewhere out there
That’s mostly because Comey didn’t blame his loss on everyone under the sun except himself and take no responsibility for his actions.
I do think DJT wishes Comey would do that.
Well he does have a Y chromosome, so...
I’d like to.
Wine in a paper coffee cup on a plane after being fired.

Maybe in YOUR circles.
So true Stephen! Thank you for saying it!

And knit...
Damn right.
Not to mention get lost and go knit something, which HE SHOULD.
Do you recommend Sharma, List, Suri in a lineup?
I think quite a few people have.
Now I'm no Comey fan, but I think people want to read his book and here from him because he is a potential witness in Russia case.
I love how ppl are pretending Hillary is in some club by herself where she is the only pres candidate ever to be told to shut up. It is like no one rememebers the last 4 guys to lose a campaign. It isn't sexism it is the same old. The difference is Hillary isn't listening.
Helping to take down The Clinton and Trump rigging machines will be a wonderful legacy/And no he should  not stay quiet/Like Bernie his voice is very important to hear/shenanigans like we hear about every day would still be happening if he did not take action
Spot on!
You’re right, that is funny. 
I think he should, I just never tweeted it.
What the hell happened to Colbert?  I thought he was better than that.
Sadly, he's shown us he's not. Trump's presidency has apparently affected his critical thinking skills like so many others. People who vilified Comey are now his cheerleaders.
They’re still making her out to be the victim when in reality, she caused this mess.
He's charming and interesting. That's kind of a big difference from the person you're alluding to.
ahah

Just tossing positive ideas in my head for the 2020 presidential run. Taking a break & learning more about  many fresh Dem options. Julian Castro, former San Antonio Mayor & then HUD Secretary. John K Delaney & Kamala Harris  also ring in some positives

Steve...it time to let go. You’re becoming that annoying asshole that wants to rehash his greatest injustice at every event. It’s over. Move on.
People have told him to keep quiet.
Like Trump.  Fox News.  Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
Nobody told hillary to walk in the woods. We have been telling her to go away, just like we told mccane and romney to go away. We dont want comey to go away, we want him to go to prison.
You are such a kiss up to H Clinton. What a wuss!
Press her pantsuit for her while you are at it..
you’re listening to the wrong people stephen find u a friend that can do both
This comment shows what a bubble you live in. Maybe in Hollywood and New York, you adore this man but people in middle america are sick of him.
Nice passive-aggressive stroking of the division there, Steve.  Crafty.
Please FUCKING STOP with the "Bernie wasn't a real progressive/Hillary wasn't progressive enough", already.  That's what gave us Trump.  FFS  We need to work together to end this administration and the GOP hold on political seats.
Yep! Thank you. Exactly.
He didn’t force himself down the throats of an electorate that had already said NO clearly 8 years before. He’s also not blaming women!
He’s a billion times less annoying than Hilary, and frankly he’s not killing the party the way she did/does.
Hillary does no good to the Democratic Party and so they have every interest in her taking leave. What harm does Comey do to the Democratic Party if he writes a book that pictures Trump in a negative light?
@Comey should take up knitting.
One lost an election and the other a job. Telling the electorate why they rejected you is condescending; explaining why a government institution run by the president rejected you is a public service. I thought you were meant to be the smarter late night dummy?
Double standards I tell ya
No he hung out w/ kathie lee &hodeeee
Too bad this all couldn't be done 10 days before the November midterm elections
We tell him he's a pathetic joke. Does that count?
Or knit.
Cc: @VanityFair
I'd prefer he walk off a cliff.
Or to take up knitting.
I'm not tired of James Comey pushing the Democratic party towards neoliberalism. So I think that would speak to the difference in response.
But is he knitting?
Thank you. From women everywhere.
still working with the gop
They already did, and still do, but it seems that your head is stuck way back in your backside that you don't see them.
#LiberalismisAMentalDisorder
Or take up knitting
Excellent interview. Loved it.
Is Stephen Colbert dumping his boyfriend Michael Moore so he can date James Comey?
That's because he's so much fun to watch him make a fool out of himself
Umm plenty of people are telling him that.  #metoo
I love you so, Mr. Colbert.
Literally every losing presidential candidate in my lifetime immediately became irrelevant after the election, sometimes even becoming the butt of jokes (which you helped make). HRC has gotten more media attention than all of them. Stop with this fucking inaccurate meme, please.
(2/2) Generally, the losing candidate stays quiet, the media largely ignores them (even if they're a sitting senator), and their own party ushers them into irrelevance. Hillary is not the first losing candidate to be told to "go away." You're better than this shameless pandering.
But I’m willing to pay for his Uber to get there. I’ll even through in some s’mores.
Actually, most Americans are wishing he would do exactly, just that.
Go the fuck away. 
Why don't you go with. 
Two birds.
@StephenAtHome I could just kiss you
Actually it seems like a lot of people are telling him to shut up and go away.
So stupid
What, every politician that comes along, we have to make walking-in-the-woods references now? That only fit Clinton, dear. Comey has become Mr. Sanctimony, that's what he gets ribbed on. Try to keep up, we know it's hard.
Can we tell you to do that
The plead for people to retreat into the woods has actually been astonishingly consistent
He's a Republican and he (presumably) has a penis. That makes a huge difference in this ugly world we live in.
I wish James Comey would go drink wine, in the woods, quietly.  There, you happy??
@HillaryClinton
Truueee

Lots of people have been doing that to Comey for months.
But your only following 23 people soo...
You do know there are other things than Twitter, right? Sooooo....
Yes, but it gives an indicator how much he pays attention to people outside his circle.
That would presuppose a degree of concern about his fate that I will never feel. Who cares for the fate of trash once discarded?

Get Comey 2012
I know, bro, it's so weird that when you don't represent an entire political party you actually have some latitude to say ignorant shit without it hurting anybody else electorally.
Great interview BTW! Laughing and clapping.
Or take up knitting
This is a bit, right? Please tell me you're doing a bit.
Let Comey keep talking - he keeps shitting on my shoes, and you keep telling me I'm just standing in mud.
I liked the little bit of comedy about the hands... strange that many media figures don't think it was comedy... StrAnGe I say (sag)
nobody told her to walk in the effing woods. and I have heard quite a number who have been telling him he's lying, much less be quiet. I love Stephen, but this was not his best.
Nobody? 

Die hard Hillary hating is boring.
I agree.  I do not hate her.  I did hate the dishonesty involved in the entire Primary gestalt.  @donnabrazile's book illuminates part of it.  A recent interview with MSNBC reporter, Ed Schultz illuminates another https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/opinion/ed-schultz-msnbc-was-in-the-tank-for-hillary-clinton … ...
Or pick up knitting 
Wow, that’s hilarious! This is probably the funniest thing you’ve ever said in your career as a comedian. It’s brave comedy that’s outside the box with the rough edges of a Debra Messing or a Greg from Dharma & Greg. Great stuff.

Please nail Comey to the wall.  He comes across great,but he handed the Presidency to Trump.
Funny how you didn't do a Gloves Off segment on him, but did help him to get Donald Trump elected.
That's because he's not an entitled bitch who stole a nomination from a person who ran the cleanest campaign in modern history.
If he tried to continue running the fbi during this time we would have.
he never published that picture. Most people are telling him to shut up. Where you been?

Plenty of people have told @Comey to shut up, so this is a bit disingenuous
Lets see---- If he wants to whine --thats his right.  If he turns into the enigizer bunny like HRC did---going on and on---He needs to take a walk in the woods.  Maybe Comey and HRC could get it on in the woods.
Wouldnt it be cute if people bought copies and mailed them to Trump? Lol

I think you're mistaking the general public for giving a fuck about Comey when we surely don't.
You are a funny man, but you live in a silo of your own making.  It is a little more complicated than your comedy can handle, and your silly tweets help about as much as his.
Seeing all this bickering is how the bots got you guys to indirectly get Trump elected. Sometimes you just have to put some owie be gone on the butt hurt and vote for the lesser evil. I voted for Hillary because I wasn't going to vote for Trump. That is what adults do!
and the end result of all the BS below was DONALD TRUMP! and that is how the R's win - even the Evangelicals would vote for satan with an R after his name!!
You must not be watchi g the same coverage I am. Perhaps the media should have to disclose the fact they voted for Hillary in the primaries before they open their mouths.
Nobody told @HillaryClinton to go walk in the woods. She just happens to live in a ritzy, close to NYC, nature-infused, beautiful area where one can do that. Also, I do see Comey being pummeled for his book just as Clinton was. And she hasn’t been quiet!!!!
If you are not hearing people, both D and R, saying that to Comey, you are living in a bubble.
Well he got fired and everyone hates his guts and drags him constantly on the internet. It's the same thing. But don't let me upset your stupid narrative.
CathedralOFWilderness.  Keep QUIET ABOUT IT!!!!! #MagicMimes
Or take up knitting, or look after the grandkids

Hmmmmmm now why would that be???
True
Heay man! Tats not such a bad idea! I've got some wood for old Frodo to walkinto (Jim)...Listen...that was a mistake...you can't believe what you hear in the press..The wizard chose to talk to you so listen to those birds...the ones outside...I heard a tweet from a bird and that
tweet was a word for those wise but ya man...I cover it in jokes but the brd will tweet untel the one ring is destroyed in the fire so if you follow the path of that old wizard then he...Will...be the only to truly give them the ability to hopefully cast off that old chunk of....
Gold...It was gold...not coal...you must listen when that bird kepps tweeting...he thins it is just another sparrow but that bird can really see 8 wonders...go and meet where the pyramids first form...and then that ndiamond will tell you to look i the rough and thenstop looking a
t those old birds unless they keep tweeting at you because that could definitely be for a reason..but not sure..ask the birds
Perhaps it's Because Hillary is an absolute drag on the dem party and her public presence doesn't help anyone?

Literally in the woods and quiet? Like "judge" Jeanine, when she lost her mind?

Up to the woods of Chappaqua, NY I go. I’m on the search for Hillary. All new #StreetJustice tomorrow! 
Watching Broccoli Rob as Scout the spaniel watches me.
104% of the american people are telling @Comey to shut up.
Lol true
Thank you! 
He should take up knitting. : )
THANK YOU SIR! This is why you’re #1; blessings!
That’s gold Jer...Stephen!
And this is why I don’t watch you anymore. How about talking about the things that are actually killing us daily instead of distracting with this bull shit. Here you go... James Comey shut up and go for a walk in the woods
He really needs to walk into the woods and keep it quiet.  He is only making the Libtards look more ridiculous than they already are.
Was thinking the same thing last nite.
I wish he would
Toucher.
You aren't listening to anyone outside of the liberal world.... Comey should go into the woods and dissappear or jump off a cliff... #Comey
But her emails
Bad take
Sorry, Mr. Colbert... were you meaning to subtweet this @TheAtlantic, @nytimes, @VanityTeenMag, @time, @RollingStone ,@BernieSanders, @washingtonpost, @cnn, @CillizzaCNN , @FoxNews, #MAGA, @wsj, @LouDobbs, @IngrahamAngle, @seanhannity , or @NewYorker ?
Comey's going to get a lot of flak for his book release. He already is. The side of our country intent on discrediting him probably wanted him to keep quiet, using absurd propaganda. 

Clinton is maybe playing it safe? Either way her mistreatment has been propagandistic as well.
But they did. They set up a website calling him a liar. Doesnt that count, discrediting his words, saying they are worthless, implying talking is no better than walking in the woods quietly? Go away Comey no one wants to hear from you? That's what I hear. Tells me they're scared
Reality.

Nobody? I guess you don't acknowledge the existence of anyone not on the left.
But I agree, why do liberals want Hillary to vanish?
While everyone else loves it when she makes a fool of hrrself.

Bubbles burst. I wish you well.

LOL I wish someone did shiiiiiiit that would be hilarious
Take up knitting
@sepiastars le sigh, it’s true. No one screaming, “GET OVER IT!”
Umm the same people that told Hillary to go away are saying the same to Comey. Your bubble keeps you from realizing that.
So true, good point
Actually I'm kind of feeling like @Comey would have done his reputation a favor by going for a walk in the woods rather than publish this book and do these interviews.
That's next, they're real close!!!
Who watches this milquetoast anyway?
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

Comey is garbage, but he hasn't spent my entire adult life running for president either.
But he was also one of theirs recently. Hillary hasn’t been a republican lately
Actually Hillary wants to walk with him in the woods, alone.
She’s arranging his suicide as we speak.
Reluctantly voted for @HillaryClinton and would be thrilled if Sec Clinton and Dir @Comey embarked upon an extended walk in the woods. Take all the wine they need to justify their extremely faulty decisions.
Did Comey blame himself or everyone but himself?
Your lost again, stammering along in the woods with your bottle of jack, Hillary and Comey, y'all Cryin
Trump Broke me. 
I'd very much like him to walk in the woods and keep quiet after the stunt he pulled in 2016.
