The Hill??? Just as bad as CNN you Shill.
Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
Can't say I liked Tillerson; however, you can't deny his backbone — he spoke his mind and was no one's puppet, unlike others I could mention.

Here we go again...

The dog oh they don't have one
"Jesus Take The Wheel", is my brain worm that just won't stop today.
I’m so glad Trump has no power to fire comedians
I’m SHOCKED…that there was anyone on his staff PERIOD!!
What a messed up administration! Does anyone know what they are doing?
Me too!!!


I don't believe any of them anymore
Good observation!
President Trump is a student of Nigeria’s school of politics, the rule book allows such summary dismissals. Americans should get used to it, that’s what they voted for.
That other guy must be so lonely now
Can Trump fire himself?
Is that because ur a dumbo
What's shocking is how many otherwise successful, educated people would subject themselves to the ridicule associated with trump just for a few months of fame.
Would it be better if he not fire them?
Trump has appointed so few to the Administration in first place that soon there’ll only Trump family left - the not-so-clever stable genius plan all along?
I like that he was fired after contradicting the White House stance on something - Trump does that every few minutes, and they cheer for him.

fear not
He’s on edge, a little horny for stormy is my guess.
Definitely the worst administration in American history!
I'm shocked, SHOCKED to know there is governing going on in here.

Your cheap shot re: need to remind govt. employees about their oath was awful.  These are the people who stopped Trump administration plans to lift the sanctions on Jan. 20.  You disappointed your fan in this house with that one.
Your wife
The President is cleaning Obama’s dirt
welllllllll pllllaaaaaaayyyyed
Right.  What State Dept.?
Maybe Jared can help pick up the slack at state
Why the fuck do you keep slipping in digs at Hillary, calling her the worst Sec of State who “couldn’t even win against Trump” after you JUST FINISHED a segment on Russian collusion to sway the election?? And despite the fact she WON THE POPULAR VOTE ANYWAY?
Tillerson left crumbs much too small for even W.H.O mouses.
Shhhhhh! They haven't found me yet. - signed Rex Tillerson's desk whiskey.

It’s been a long day & only the second time I was able to really #LOL
The first was watching @TheEllenShow
I thank God daily for y’all bcz with everything going on in this country w/o you both, me and many others wld lose it. Too much chaos, fear, anger at where #Trump has US!
One still hanging by a thread C in C....

@Stephen Colbert  u are such a disgrace to America and mankind of which your unable to be. You pathetic blue hair liberal slim. You do not deserve to stand behind any constitutional amendments of our great country. Get the hell out of AMERICA.
Our white house is in the hands of a circus clown
Absolutely! Rex cleaned house in the last 14 months and got rid of all those @HillaryClinton hacks that cashed in and double dipped over at the Clinton favor foundation.
Wait! What? We have a State Department??
Post office!!
<3
Firing his aides like this is like an electoral agenda he is executing
Now in understand the clause “Government by the people”.
Pretty soon, everyone will have worked at the White House.
Tillerson was alone with the lights flickering just hoping he was next, he wasn't sad during that speech...he was happy it was finally over
The swamp is deep.
No, that was the two fingers in your vagina and the one in your cornhole from your CBS puppeteer overlords giving you the shocker.

We need to start placing bets about who will go next  Kelly? Ivanka? Kushner? Conway? Sanders?... the possibilities 
I guess it was Loyalty Pledge day..
Omggggg! This sounds like a Monty Python bit! Those associated with the sacking have been sacked! The non chaos continues... :-(
HA  NO DOUBT
I can’t wait for Rex to write his “tell all” or more about report on an idiot.
Swamp is drained.
Exactly
White House chief calligrapher will be going to North Korea.
Trump has undone so many Obama actions that now he has to resort to undoing his own
There's a 0% chance you came up with that on your own
My cat helped 
Man Stephen I wish you worked for Trump he would lite your a_ _ on FIRE and then Fire  you

A tumbleweed was just named the new aide of the State Department.
I'm shocked you're still relevant at all
It’s funny because it’s true
You’re awesome, sir.
you’re up past your bed time, babe. go to sleep.
Do you know if Twitter is paying Trump to tweet his bs

WOULD YOU LIKE TO BE SECRETARY OF STATE 
Lots of firing and not winning!
Next thing you know they'll kick out Dave Mustaine
Steven Hawkins past away today.
 lol!!!!
Will he learn how to say “you’re fired” in Russian so he can get rid of the next batch when he’s done with them?
Next up: Top aide fired for firing wrong person.
did you see Stephen Hawking died? One less amazing Stephen in the world now 
Hes draining his own swamp
LMAO
I assume this articles just about them turning off the roomba rex had

Is there STILL a State Department???

go to sleep oh my lord
