Is Stephen Colbert's bitterness getting old?
You left out option 3. He is brilliant!
Brilliant? Please explain....
I think Stephen Colbert is brilliant after all he came up with #truthiness
And to prove my undying #platonic love for Stephen...i thought i would wear this to the gym this morning on #HarmonyDay here in #Australia for those who dont know what Harmony Day is .....see thread
You must be a mental patient who has eloped from his cell and is on the run.
That makes me giggle and cry for obvious reasons.
What the hell is wrong with all these flag-waving pseudo Patriots!?  A three-year-old can see what Trump is doing to undermine American time-honored institutions like the FBI, for instance. Putin must be proud!
Where can I get a Russian Rosetta Stone, Because we all gonna need it
Glory to Putin glorius conqueror and tsar of all russias.
Are you and @POTUS the only ones who didn't get the memo...

     DO NOT CONGRATULATE 

BTW...still #NotMyPresident
Could you please confirm this with President Obama.

Photo of Vladimir Putin's new chandelier.
Posted without comment. 
when t*ump said it was “rigged” it was the ONLY time he’s even been 100% honest just saying...it sure WAS rigged 
In her concession speech, Hillarious Clinton, conceded the election stating that PRESIDENT TRUMP, WON SQUARE AND FAIR.  Her books and speeches are designed for one thing only : $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$.
And she won the popular vote but the antiquated electoral college makes our votes irrelevant so...

Wish you would d.. and go to hell
I have no idea if this is true or not, but it's funny lol.

 you used to be funny when your “party” was in power...

He is toasting Barry Obama.
wow! What comedic genius! Right up there with Jim Carrey.  And today, that's saying a lot!
Good one!  Love it!  The truth!

@3steev

Da.
I said it before and I will say it again: I trust Putin far more than Obama.  Right or wrong, Putin puts his country first.
The right is no better.  It's all wrong, on both sides.  The right had their Bengazi, the left has their collusion.  Pick your poison.
Agree. It's all wrong on both sides. That's why the great nation is divided.
More Russians voted for Trump than for Putin
you would be surprised how many russians voted for putin from NY and Seattle
Russian Americans who vote for Trump?  They are patriotic Americans to the USA who want America to remain just that - AMERICAN!
Popular vote and electoral college???
I look forward to Putin’s ongoing tweets about how he won the Russian electoral college
His inauguration will have the biggest crowd ever.
The best people!
That would be hilarious, if it weren’t so TRUE & friggen scary!
But it isnt true at all.  Facts.  Use facts.  Not juvenile crybaby bullshit.  Facts.  Get over yourself and move on.
Words  of advice from a Russian bot! Reported.

In 2012, according to the White House, “President Obama called Russian President-elect and Prime Minister Putin to congratulate him on his recent victory in the Russian Presidential election.”
Yes, because congratulating Putin on a sham election shows you're a puppet, right Stephen?
When you've turned into Jay Leno and you don't even know...
Oh, Steve!....... Please stop!.......My side!  Why, why.... You're a..a....comic genious! Let's just take a breath.........
Politics, sheesh- Putin wins in March in Russia and has to do it all over again this November in U.S.. Man, no rest for the wicked.

Putin is a CHEATER!!
James Cordon used that joke last night
The Republican Party is playing Russian Roulette with the whole country for the most achingly petty, short-term partisan advantages.

Wow, that’s exactly what Trump told him!!!
You are marvelous! GO to Bed with you every week night!
I'd be interested to see their reaction if our US hackers elected Trump "president" of Russia.
i bet there's a significant number of russians are also getting tired of winning so much.
You're an ass
On a roll.
Congratulating the guy who days before showed a video of dropping a nuclear bomb in the vicinity of your Florida club, might be the best demonstration of “moronic” I have seen.
It took me a minute (I'm old!) but when my brain kicked in......hilariously sad!

Colbert you are awesome!

Puke
Wow. Russian derangement is strong in this one.
Only someone of your beliefs could see so much evidence contradictory and hold fast.  When you got a show I was a fan, Jon hated without party lines.
I think the Americans may have been involved in hacking the Russian election. No collusion. 
REALLY??
I’m wondering whether Trump discussed his defection to Russia when he spoke to Putin today? Oh, and ya, congratulated him on a hard fought win.
Oh I get it! Ha ha ha...lame (as usual)#miss the old Colbert
Putin really didn't win honestly there were 3 women that were making up ballets and putting them in a voting box that made him win by 70 plus %. The people didn't have a chance
Hmm...so the guy calling 70% of the country morons is the same guy who claims to be an artist, gentleman, and scholar but chooses an intentionally provocative pic for his profile and speaks like a spoiled tween who’s just learn the word bitch. Gentleman scholar? Not so much.
Haha funny!
Exactly
Yikes!!


Putin's So called elections' ..Hes
@Justmeany2  Why Did You Retweet This?
why are you asking?
Lol!
Love it but seriously it really not funny after a time we laugh in fear
"Our Pinocchio called to congratulate me on big election win. I say, Thank you Donald, it was real nail biter."


I hear that Trump wants to invite his great friend and murderer Vladimir Putin to Trumps great military parade. UK must be pleased.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
HAHAHAHA, GET IT? Because Putin apparently rigged the US election in 2016, even though his actual last election he won was in 2012. Even though there is absolutely 0 proof Putin did anything in our election.
and congrats to me winning that logic contest against my cat!
Winning?  As in Trump winning? Great, a FauxPO and a thug.

Lol.
Oh that’s a good one oh boy bahahahah dam what a stinger. Bahahahah libtart . I can’t wait for you ivanka trump to be the first female president ;)
The world is getting more and more unpredictable.
How many times does Trump need to bomb Russian-allied Syrian air bases, kill hundreds of Russian mercenaries, and supply arms to Ukraine (a nation Russia is currently trying to conquer via proxy rebellion) before we put the consiracy theory that Trump is a Russian puppet to rest?
He is now preparing for his 2020 campaign. #KAG2020
Fucked my 46th Born Day all up!!
Could you do a segment about the Austin bombings? 
We are scared as hell and we'd like the fucking president to give it a little attention.
Well put. He seems to be controlling two countries...

okaay so how is tangerine going to lie this one out. He said the FBI will get to the bottom of the bomber in Austin. Umm..so they are capable of doing that but not when investigating him ?  hmmm

I hope U R kidding?  Easy to win when nobody running against U
Putin’s is much less painful than the results of Nov. 8, 2016. I’ve had a feeling of dread every moment since then.
Funny as hell, but I'm too exhausted to laff after 14 months of the #KingOfChaos...
Still can’t get over it that crooked Hillary lost...snowflake libby. 

Awww so cute! Took you 24 weeks to come up with that line did it?
Two elections in a 12-month span. The mans ambitious AND productive!! It's that "can-do" Kremlin attitude
Didn’t you mean to put quotes around winning?
Booooo
honey,  i knew you could do it. I believed in you.
Yeah if you vote against him they will kill you. Crazy
Boo with the propaganda. Shame on you Colbert
Cheers Vlad
He was a big winner when Obama was reelected.
Those videos though of the election workers stuffing the ballot boxes.....
Haha, and HE WILL NOT WIN. in 2018 nor 2020!! For AMERICANS ARE RISING AGAINST RUSSIA
Not the first one he rigged since then tho.
 Right!
Not even close to funny or true dummy.  Ugh.
All this time... still not a shred of evidence. Hillary on the other hand...
Берни победил бы.
He won 75% of the vote but demanded a recount so he could see who DIDN'T vote for him

Plus their addresses
And...this time he won the popular vote!

Ex-FBI Director Robert Mueller helping to push the WMD lie that led us into the Iraq War & lost countless lives on both sides in vain while stealing a nation's resources:
Mueller trip to Moscow:

https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/09STATE85588_a.html …


Did the person running against him live.
That's right...Killary lost. You can find her in a burrow or falling down stairs.

How does it feel to have zero impact on any election sir? You tried to stop Trump, it failed miserably.

Very funny but also true.
Laughing on the outside, cryin' on the inside...
Still waiting for your first funny joke since November 8, 2016!
Sorry to burst your fantasy with reality but Hillary lost!

Didn’t he kill the opposing candidate?
How did you vote or do I even need to ask ?
It's so sad to see such a great comedian go the way of the establishment propaganda narrative. They used to challenge and make fun of it, not join it.
Ok dumbo Keebler elf Mickey Mouse Junior your the ear whisperer
Did he ask Democrats supporters not to vote ? Did 100%   Democrates voted in that election ? Why do you guys hate yourself so much ?
And probably not his last either. #RussianElection
Hillary lost.
Hahahahahhaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmwwwwaaaaaahhhhhh. How does a laugh turn into a crumpled sobbing heap?
Another ‘Thug’ leader rises Again ..
You meaning stealing?
You crack me up  I
Oh no you di int
Russia, the only country where Russians have no say towards who is their president.
With NO help from America! 



Putin is a joKe to the World Democracy. #NoRespectForInstitutions
I member when Stephen was a good host.

Who writes your jokes? This is so hack and obvious. All of your monologue jokes are. Everybody can see the punchline coming from a mile away, and they’re not funny.
Second most damaging democrat hypnotist behind the poisonous Maddow.
Once again just gut busting comedy


I knew I heard that joke before...
This is the first time Russians have had a say in picking a president since November 2016. https://twitter.com/AP/status/975101909458653184 …
The only other person to hold his post easily is Atmaram Tukaram Bhide of Gokuldham Society in Tarak Mehta ka Ulta Chasma serial on @SABTVSeries @sabtv
Brexit, Trump, US vs. China tradewar coming, the US more dividend than ever. Putin right now:
#BringBackLetterman
He has another one coming up in 2020, like the saying goes, no rest for the wicked.
As much as a hate the Russia speculation gotta admit that’s a good one made me grin a bit lol
Its a nice project

It was 11:9 and it’s not funny. The United States was attacked. Your effing email jokes helped him, you twit!
Are you being scarstic.... I'm serious 
National disgrace of so called comedians and con artists.

I see what you did there
Must be nice to preside over two republics.
Maybe deep down Putin craves the chance to compete in a real election, but is too scared to do it in Russia, so tries getting involved in other countries instead?
Brave new World
Lol yeah
Landslide victory
Bernie won!!?
November 8, 2016, was the first surrogate victory for Putin!
Thankyou...
He got the votes of birds that’s for sure
And with 115% of the vote
Shook
This echochamber of shit is only getting worse.. miss the days of the Colbert report.. only gone downhill since the end of that show.
Sucks when i someone meddles in your country. Doesn't it?
Ha ha
I love you Colbert.Take him apart slowly.
And by 120%
That horse is dead and decaying yet he just keeps on beating it. Sad.


@KremlinRussia_E
I know you’re being funny Stephen but this makes me want to cry
Oooooh!  Sick KGB burn!
Just to remind everyone, Stephen, remember than our President is a secret Muslim who was born in Kenya to a space alien who transmogrified into Kellyanne Conway (with the assistance of Vladimir Putin, of course).
