I feel sorry for them. And all the going away cake can’t be good for their waistlines! 
OMG, what if this is all just a plot, by Trump, to get constant cake? The whole presidency, wall, executive orders...? Cake! 
Jesus, how many cakes has he eaten so far, if he gets a cake every time someone leaves? What flavor does he like? Chocolate, vanilla, White Russian? Does he change it up every time? How does he stay so fit with all...that...cake? 
I love break room cake! Wait. Is there a break room in the White House?
I remember someone stole a refrigerator from the break room for his office. Was is Spicy?
Spicey needed a place to hide!
Don't forget that nearsighted guy in the basement hiding out with his stapler.
Think he'll burn it down?
I think it's already on fire.
You mean like Trump's pants? #liarliarpantsonfire
Most likely the saddest. If he tells you you will never be fired start looking for aa job.
Get rid of her

I KNOW THATS RIGHT!!!
I don't know, the person flipping through the yellow pages cold calling lawyers has got to be working constantly.
@stephenAtHome I bet this really hurts; 1.5 years of your life totally wasted and utterly meaningless.
hello

Brilliant.

You are a sad person.
You are a disgusting pig ...if you didn’t constantly bash President Trump and family you wouldn’t have a show...
I still think it is the official orange hair wrangler and bald spot magician.
Happy Easter

The biggest piece of shit on television, “whoever is wearing Stephen Colbert’s underwear”.
or change the names on the desks-
-biz cards 
- official correspondence paper
-nightmare
Also whoever has to clean the toilets
President Trump has your constant and undivided attention. WINNING
And the janitor.
Or the guy who paints the names on the curbs in the parking lot. "What do you mean Scarramuchi's gone, the curb's still wet. Sonofa...."
Go to hell and die, dimbass
#Hogg4Prez2048
Don’t forget the printing company who has the contract for biz cards!!
They have the contacts list guy make them there. But only half a sheet at a time, just in case.

Dude, you are in for a rude awakening. Your and your friend's little world will be totally different in a couple of weeks.
I thought this said Waffle House at first and it definitely still made sense
THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION; SIX FLAGS EDITION.

The rate of turnover in the Trump administration feels less like a revolving door and more like a pulse-pounding, gut-wrenching thrill ride at Six Flags.

#DarkHumor
It's all smoke and mirrors distraction Tantrums by the man toddler so he can 3 card Monte money for his wall & pass tax bills that benefit real estate & loopholes for the 1%. Still the same obstructionist do nothing party committing treason and domestic terrorism. #NeverAgainMSD
Like the Windmills of Trump’s mind....
Another classic 
Thank you, Dan!
No Thank You, you're great!

I'm glad you ran too Mr. President!
#CCOT #TCOT @realDonadTrump @seanhannity 
#Vets #Police #Military #BuildTheWall
Not really.  The WH uses the phone book.  This is why some people may come back as they randomly opened to the same page.
Keep it going girl. You're strong and put up with way too much s*** it's your time :-)
What about the person who arranges the President’s trips to Mar-a-Lago? They’re pretty darn busy too.
And that person got fired by a tweet updating the list.
Lol love this!

No because the list is short - busy whiting people out
Same person that updates Weinstein’s #metoo list?
And the org chart
and whoever orders stationery
See, now that's a good one
Assuming they haven't been fired
Pope says there is no hell, Trump "don't erase Stormy from that list."
Every ten minutes like.......
Indeed
At least they won't have to do that job for long.
Dammit. I didn’t vote for trump. I don’t give 2 shits about him. You’re better than just belching out the same jokes about him every night. I get it, he’s an ass. I just skipped Jim Jeffries live for the same reason. Come on man, I get that the ratings are from it. Just do less
It is literally impossible to find a current cabinet list online. Even at https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-trump-administration/the-cabinet/ … . (And PS Betsy DeVos’s middle name is Prince?!)
Maiden name. Sister of Erik Prince of Blackwater.
Ha that’s so something she should keep reminding us of.
They probably don’t get paid enough
I feel sorry for the Outlook and Exchange Online Administrator in the White House.
Adding new email accounts, access rights(lol), email groups(inner circle of trust), removing email archiving feature (accidentally...)
It's pretty much the only role in the WH with job security! 

What is going on here!! Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. Luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
#FoxNewsatnight…
 #realnews
They just use an old blackboard. #WhiteHouseLowTech #TrumpIt
Or the person manning the complaint phone line
OMG Yes!!!
I never get tired of the jokes in regards to you thinking Donald would never make president. Now I love how you spend your entire night making fun and putting down the president of the United States Donald Trump
Payroll
Every time the staff member thinks he’s done updating the list, news breaks:

I was gonna say whoever takes out the trash.
.@StephenAtHome
Imagine if there were still glass office doors with painted names on them!

Well said Stephen!
Perhaps if you'd feature more interesting conservative guests your viewer ratings would be higher...just a thought.
And here I thought it was the temp agency
and the going away parties.
http://pissedoffgrandpa.blogspot.com 
And clean the self tanner off everything.
Don’t forget to disable email accounts too.
And the I.T. guy who has to set up the security and access.
#jobsecurity
Buy stock on the official #WhiteHouse business card print shop . Press churning in shifts! 
What about the cable guy and the one in charge of the tuners (all the executive orders have to be printed)!
Kkkmmmmmmmkmm
I didn't know your globalist masters allowed you to leave the cellar during the day to even tweet. And I can tell that it's you and not a hired firm because of how awful it is. Btw, your wife just whispered to me to tell you that your hot pockets are in the oven. #SCKeks 
Mm@km@mm@kk
Mkmmmmmmmm@mm@km@mmkk
Just don't try to contact Hope Hicks
SPANKY is on a mission.
Ha!!
Trump
Exactly.  They have to reprogram the gate codes.....and change all of the locks.........like..... every 4 or 5 days.
How many times can the White house use that Vista Print Promo Code?
I bet the offices have revolving doors and that they use mini whiteboards on the office doors so that you can just erase the name of whoever was there last week . Easy peasy



I'm a fan, at least I was. And, No Stephen, CNN is not a fake news network. Something strange, otherworldly, is happening to Colbert, Trump's weirdness has affected the rational side of your mind.
OMG
#nailedit
Maybe Stumpkins will walk out one day
Maybe they could use a bug chalkboard
It really doesn’t take that long when nobody spell checks.
Do they even have time to laminate it?
Sign stenciller.
Probably the same guy that came up with this idea
http://Foxnews.com  is running your comment about how you take back everything you've said about trump and that cnn lies...as a SERIOUS article.
Wtf?
Oh... you mean Stephen. Well yes, of course him. Why would Fox News publicly attack me. Why would I think I was that important? 
Especially after Scaramucci. "What? He's gone already? I just got the cards to the printer!"
Aren’t you all tired of bashing Trump? He’s not going anywhere. He’s doing a phenomenal job. You people are relentless
How many viewers do you get.....hahaha
"Can I get some business cards?"
"Sorry, we only issue those after 6 months because the turnover was running up the budget"
They're the only ones doing any honest work over there.
The people in the kitchen, for the WH employees, because you know, the fat lazy guy living there, eats trashy food only.
Well, at least the family tree and cabinet organizational chart are a two for one time saver.
That’s funny. I doubt a WH contact list exists! Trump probably yells the name of the person he wants to speak to. Everyone else hides in their office and talks to no one.

I am so glad Trump is in office. If not, you and your writers would have no material and you would be out of a job. That would raise the unemployment rate which is soooo Obama. I know you count Trump as one of those blessings in disguise. When God closes a door, He opens a window
Al least they’ll never be out of a job!


The bees are in the what now?
And don't forget the phone tree on the emergency evacuation procedures! And those little pieces of paper that note your name on your phone. And the security badges. It's a big job!
And Mr. Pecker who has to go round cleaning up after the dirty Pecker!
God, can you imagine updating their emergency phone tree list??? 
You are so funny!! Love you Stephen!!!
And ordering business cards
i hope they don't waste paper by printing it every time it changes
Love this lol!
Ya they need a vacation..

What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
 
HahHahahaha! Superb! @StephenAtHome
I see your rioters must be on leave again, no humor here
Nope, It’s the person who assigns telephone extensions and has to record the names associated with the number!
Or book entertainment...
Ha ha good one .

That's great!


All my friends in my contact list have the same first name...Doctor.
Ya how crazy. They really should have a totally non-partisan HR Dept. Congress as well. They all get away with too much crap anyone else gets fired for.
...you mean Twitter?
Lol!
Think about this
White House calligrapher should get battle pay or at least that carpal tunnel brace thingy
But think about all the badges that need to be printed!
SPANKY IN CHIEF makes life difficult for all of us.
I can imagine they are so inept that they try to edit the PDF all day. Downloading apps and finding someone who knows how to change a PDF to a word document. #manafort
No kidding!
They just use titles now. No names.
And the person who updates the list of "Things Trump does not understand".  Most recent addition: the postal service.
He/she is also the most productive!
They must be tired of all the “winning”!

I assume that’s the only thing they let Jared do anymore.
And make the name tags.
At this point it is just a dry erase board or etchesketch
These people leaving are free thinkers not Trump kiss assets
Assuming someone does that 
Probably just takes a second
That’s the truth
The guy who makes the name plates for the offices has given up and just uses masking tape and markers now.
It's most likely Crayons, not markers!
Nah they're already fired
That's the only job security in the 
 Trump adm, updating the contact list.
Don’t forget the fluffers!

No. It’s the intern operating the paper shredder.

The were fired yesterday.
hello
Hahahahanahabzh your retarded
Poor thing is living on coffee and the souls of those who have been fired.
Colbert shoves his own head up his dark place and eats dinner and then spits dinner at Americans
Eh, they were probably fired between the Spicer/Mooch transition. Updating the contact list is Jared’s job now.
Perhaps they should install a revolving door at the White House, like the one in Trump Tower...

It's certainly not the fact checker.
#NailedIt
It might be a tie with the person who has to update their resume, which might be harder because creative writing and all. 

I needed a smile today
Job security.
Or the one that has to write all the name badges
It certainly isn’t the WH scheduler! Has there ever been a president who works so little for our country. He acts like a part-time President!

