And he got more done in a year than Obama in 8. 

and no time to get a birthday present for his wife
 Jealous Colbert 
Jealous!.
And works for...FREE. 
What’ve you done for your country...ever?
Remember your own words each time you insult our president - "the leader of the free world." Your insults cause our enemies to think we are weak. You're contributing to the downfall of our "free" society with your toxic words, yet you supported Obama-a Socialist/Communist!
So! He can tweet as many times as he wants. Obama said his presidency would be the most transparent & that was just one of his many lies to Americans! Yet, we have a president who's making REAL progress & you disrespect him! You have no love for your country! #ShameonYou
Keep up junior, life comes at you fast.
And what is wrong with that? People like you are the reason Americans don’t trust the press anymore. News media is supposed to be neutral and I’m not sure why late-night comedians are talking about politics in the first place. Go away now.
And clearly stephen you are obsessed with @realDonaldTrump and his twitter page. Its obvious u suffer from the liberal pathogen and trump obsession syndrome. You should seek some help or start taking those meds again Cause ya seem a lil cray cray
#DragonEnergy will stop racists on the Left putting  black people in the back of the bus  like they always have.  @realDonaldTrump  & @kanyewest are leading the way
His twitter account is the most powerful media outlet in the world. He sets the narrative with a single tweet. A controls the conversation with a single tweet. He gets  knuckleheads like you to go insane daily with a single tweet. #DragonEnergy
North Korea is not nuking the shit out of us- I guess that is not interesting to you.
You talk more than a high school girl. You need to calm down. Or you need some #DragonEnergy
While Cobert continues his obsession with The President. Could be unrequited love
Colbert is nothing without trump.
Oh, when you said “Leader of the free world” I thought you meant Trudeau or Macron or Merkle. 45 has never actually LED the free world. Bullied, cajoled, or intimidated, maybe, but not led.
And ?
So?
We get it already, you're in love with Trump. Or at least infatuated. Bet you doodle his name in a heart with yours on your script every night.
That means CNN put out 25 Fake News stories.
Exactly.
CNN ,
Colbert & @jimmykimmel Trump bash to keep their ratings up otherwise they would have lost their shows. Bashing isn't Comedy. Carson didn't
My guess: @POTUS is bored and has nothing better to do Your suggestion of playing more Golf is #SPOTon  OR maybe he could attend one of my “Couples Retreat Weekend” @ResortLacSainteMarie to re-kindle, re-jeuvenate and re-connect with @FLOTUS #CanadianReUNION #FREE4U
Still trying to find relevant things to say? 

This one was another flop.
His tweets  keep you in business SC...
suck it. stephen

How many did you have
Is that how you spent YOUR weekend..counting his tweets?
Yet he still had nothing intelligent to say.
If he didn’t what would you talk about
The stupid & totally incomprehensible crap he attempts to say. That's what keeps comedy out front! Its the question of "IS ANYONE, OTHER THAN KELLYANNE OR SARAH, REALLY BELIEVING ONE THING HE ATTEMPTS TO SAY?
No wonder he didn’t have time to check the background on ‘The Doc’ he wanted to put in charge of the VA!!! Is he freaken NUTS?!
Great. But what was trump doing?
Well yeah. This whole POTUS thing is just a good way to get followers. There’s no way he’s not going to create a YouTube channel after being POTUS and live off dat ad revenue. It’ll probably be a golfing reality show staring him and Kim Jong Un. Come on. We’d all watch that.
Speak for yourself. I don't NEED to see anything Donnie says or does!

2 followers FOH 
You would think those little hands would get tired
He must be more bored than normal #OompaLoompa
Such an angry person. #sad
Go scream at the sky you “resist” fuck!!!!
#sad
About as “sad” as your answer!  Pathetic!  Now go fuck yourself!!!
America is a great country isn't it? The 1st Amendment allows your foul language. If you mean to insult me by calling me a liberal, a person that believes government should be active in social & political change, then you have failed miserably. 
I won!
In honor of Bob Dorough, here's my presidential version of his Schoolhouse Rock classic that I call "White House Crock":
I'll just bring up Bill
When my fortunes are ill.
I  had affairs with porn stars
But not in the Oval Office
And I never will.
I'll just say Monica and Bill.

So WHATS UP with your left ear?



          
Merkel?
Check this out, Stephen.
Except that he is not the leader of the free world. A leader has to have followers.
https://twitter.com/MurvinEspinoza/status/988866593026437126?s=19 …
And how many times did the US President tweet?
5/  Wastin’ away again at Mara-lago-ville
  Still waitin’ for one good lawyer to call
  Some people claim.. that it’s a last grasp at fame 
  But you know….. It’s all Jared’s fault….
  Though you know….It’s all Jared’s fault. ..[marimba.. fade out]
  [end]
4/  Don’t know the reason…Some call it treason
  Say I’m colluding.. or even much worse
  It all be fake news…
  Spoutin’.. their liberal views..
  Fox will quote’em..chapter and verse..
Leader of the free world???
Free world didn’t vote him into office.
3/  Wastin’ away the day at Mara-lago-ville
  Still lookin’ for a pret-ty model to poke
  Some people say that there’s a woman to pay
  But I know… ..it’s that damned Jared’s fault.
2/  Busted a golf cleat.. still dressin’ real neat
  Stumblin’ around.. from fairway to green
  The Service surrounds me
  Up on the first tee
  Man!...one hell of a scene.
1/Trumps discovers his [inner] Jimmy Buffet:
Mara-lago-ville…[feel free to hum along…please]
  Wastin’ the day away at Mara-lago-ville
  Still searchin’ for my long lost shaker of coke
  Some people say that there’s a Russian to blame.. but I know…. 
  It’s all Jared’s fault.
Angela Merkel tweeted?
Well then, what did trump tweet? Leader of the free world is Angela Merkel
On what planet would that be? Your own?
Who is the leader of the free world ?

Wish you would stop calling that POSPOTUS the leader of the free world. I live in the free world and he's sure as hell not leading me anywhere, anyhow.  he's only a leader to his delusional cult followers.
Someone sounds cranky they can't get a single follower. 
He hasn't even gotten to how much fun Melania had at the funeral with the Obama's . I'm sure that storm front is approaching.
What kind of a president does that? 
He must have had help because he ain’t smart enough for that many.
Donald trump poor specimen of a man n human being every time he opens his  nothing but lies and hatred 
Don't know how the owner of Twitter sleeps allowing this kind of madness.
#idiot wheres a clever #jameswoods response when you need it
Trump developed this tweet storm after his 5 hour golf round while watching the Barbara Bush funeral on tv, nothing can hold his attention like watching Fox and Friends.
How did I miss 25 tweets from Angela Merkel?
Who cares?

Terrific... transparency is a good thing.
That’s 25 tweets too many.
And?????
Just sayin'...I don't know if the observation has been made yet, but I noticed an uncanny resemblance the new NSA has to Geppetto...Seems apropos considering his new boss...LOL!!!
Pinocchio has to give up lying to become a real boy. Does that mean PITUS will never be a real president?
POTUS, though PITUS sounds more accurate as to international relations...
But not 1 tweet about the man who stopped further bloodshed at the Waffle House
Because Colbert is a comedian and there was nothing hilarious about the Waffle House shooting. That’s like being annoyed that a sushi restaurant didn’t serve lasagna.
Are we still calling him that?
I tweet that much, but I have a lot of free time on my hands.
He's no leader! HE'S a lot of things,  but a leader isn't any of them! Unless you're talking about leading a crayon to paper!
Please don’t use “Leader” and T-Rump in the same sentence. They go together about as well as Prom Queen and Prison Shower.
And not one mention about 4 people gunned down in Tn, nor about the hero that saved many more from dying. Shameful 'man'.
And????
How can he tweet that many times while golfing
Sorry, he’s certainly not the leader of the free world I live in.
@StephenAtHome He’s the leader of the US not the free world sorry
A way for Michael Cohen to pay his legal bills: if/when Vegas starts taking wagers on when Cohan flips, Cohen uses fake names to put enough bets on the day to pay off his lawyers.
Not my leader
He doesn't speak for me and the bit of the world that I live in is free.
It's his cardio.
Only 25?
Yea! I’m signed up at http://donalddonates.com .
I believe you forgot the quotation marks over “leader”
He is in such a panic that it’s actually making ME giddy!
I am pretty sure we are no longer leaders.. and certainly not of free society when POTUS and others attempt to lock up any opponents.
He’s like a high school girl. All awkward and nervous. I wonder if loudly giggles as he walks through the WH? Like kids at the mall?
You mean: 'the misleader of the world, free and otherwise'.
Are you talking about Merkel?
So!

On the one hands that's just madness, but on the other, at least all he does is watch tv and tweet.
Merkel must have had a lot of time on her hands.
Angela Merkel tweets that much?
Would you please stop with the 'Leader of the Free World' title for him. Because this president is NOT that person.

It’s the “New Presidential.”
The leader of the free world is Angela Merkel, not Trump.
Roger Stone is a Lemur!
Dear Stephen and all Americans, 

Your President is not the leader of the free world. I know I certainly didn't vote for him.

Please don't try to spread your guilt onto the rest of the world he is America's fuck up. We have our own.

Regards

The rest of the free world.
I'm not sure "leader of the free world" is a title that has ever been appropriate. It is certainly far less appropriate now.
Ha it's funny cause it's true. That and the trolling.
1.9 million off food stamps, low unemployment, ISIS on the run, NK to bargaining table, supported military, improving trade deals and you worry about tweets. The #liberal mentality.
Can we really still call him that though?
Angela Merkel is on Twitter?
And then the host of The Late Show tweeted about Trump 50 times that same weekend...
Angela Merkel tweets?
Slacker.
Sorry Stephen you missed the memo.

Trump gave up the Leader of the World status.
#PutinsPuppet
He tweets so you idiots have a living! Talk about rope a dope....You'd think these Hollywood types would be smarter. Colbert is just another jester living in the castle. Each year more face makeup.
Angela Merkel wasn’t on Twitter last weekend.
Did he beat your record?
Damn Right he did
And The Late Show should change its name to The Trump Show. It's embarrassing. Talk about something else. Unwatchable.
You can count
I didn't see any tweets from Angela Merkel...what did she say?
surely he was saying something that will help mankind........no, I'm just kidding lol
Macron?
Did you forget that he has a Twitter caddy? According to NPR report he has someone dedicated just for social media in WH.
Only because his little tiny thumbs got tired and surrendered.
Pretty soon we will all just ignore him.
USA arent the leaders any more sadly.
Merkel tweets?

How many times did he tee off?
And all were really good material for Mueller and Stephen Colbert
I really think he would rather not have material. ;'c
I think you’re mistaken. Merkel was pretty quiet on twitter over the weekend.
He’s the leader of the United States.
Not the free world.
Time to drop this ridiculous saying.
And all of those 25 tweets were either fake news or his asshole tweeting, because his thumbs knows better.
You mean Angela Merkel??
Angela Merkel?

Hey weren't we supposed to meet up at Lexington & Concord's for some cannabis & cans of Red $tripe?
Ad not once about the victims in Tennessee

All of them bollocks.
He is a leader only in his own mind.
l would be more surprised if he worked like any other US president
Come one Stephen... everyone knows that the first thing an innocent person says when they're told an associate is going to "flip" on them is "He would never do that"
Isn't the Secret Service legally allowed to break Trump's thumbs after the tenth tweet per Act of Congress?
Stop calling him that. He's not!
Not sure about this, I don't follow Angela Merkel...
yea remember the good old days when we had obama and we were kept in the dark
You mean when "classified" was ba thing? Or conspiracy was only for v spies?
Really hurtin for content aren’t you...?
Wow, he was busy! Work, work, work! #WitchHunt
Everyone in this thread that thinks Germany is more free. Do  yourself and all of us a favor and go.
He should be "the leader of the free time"
That one was amazing! @realDonaldTrump something you're actually qualified for!
America has not been the leader of the free world for some time.
I didn’t know that Angela Merkel uses Twitter

And I read every one of them just like you....
I tweeted once
Don't worry Stephen, the rest of the 'free world' has never considered the US president its leader
EXACTLY
Oh please, stop calling him that!
It not that he did it's what he tweeted an about,,, ??? Ohhhh,, so so so TrumpyduMB.
The future leader of the free world, Kanye West, tweets 10-15 times an hour on a daily basis. Beat that you other sociopaths!
How else would we know what he’s doing? The MSM is useless and biased. Headline should read “most transparent American President ever.”
@StephenAtHome A sick !!!!
I must have gotten under Spanky's thin skin because I no longer receive ANY of his new tweets. PS My wife and I love you, John Stewart and all of the cast from the Daily show. Your satire has kept us sane in this insane world we live in.
He’s a keeper 
Angela Merkel has no Twitter account.
That’s the reason it’s called Free World, there is no law that we are aware of,that prevents people from their opinions.
Meanwhile, Puerto Rico suffers. Remember Puerto Rico?
They're doing fine
Sorry, we of the rest of the Free World don't recognise leadership by despot.  
She did?
And not one word on those four people gunned down in Nashville and the hero that saved lives...#BLDMTT
No, that is not true, @EmmanuelMacron tweets were much less than 25 last week, you must be thinking of the liar no other nation’s leader trusts nor believes,,, @realDonaldTrump
 It's a record than?
Please stop calling him that. We don’t agree. We have a leader — a real one. Thanks.
Come on now, it is well established that Merkel doesn`t tweet
He's the leader only of a pack of hell hounds.
And nothing about the Waffle House shooting or Mr. Shaw, our latest American hero!
Because those killed and hurt were all of color . He’s so BLATANTLY RACIST ....!!!!
Probably while sitting on his toilet, naked.  Just a little something to imagine today.  Yuck.
Eeeeweeeee !!! Naked 
Leader of the free world? He can't even free himself from the toilet where he tweets
What makes me literally sick is to hear anyone refer to that hacksaw as " the leader of the free world ", he's not earned that title. At all.

Where did u get that pic? Hysterical!
Thank God he did! #MSM dishonesty!
The walls are closing in on @realDonaldTrump 

#cohenflipped 
#MuellerIsComing
What a person does when they are pretending to know what they are doing, to look busy.
Well hannity has a lot to say.
That’s odd. I didn’t know Angela Merkel used Twitter.
Not surprised, the orange monkey is loosing it.
Only 25 times?
Pft. Amateur.
That's very good Stephen keep it up and also proud of you
