


He's not even a germophobe. That appears to be as much of a lie as everything else. Seems likely he started saying it to make people think he wouldn't, oh, sleep with porn stars...
LOL @StephenAtHome   Thanks for the laughs! You brighten my day! You are a beacon of light during these dark times . Keep the jokes coming 
Next instalment of ‘Stormy Watch’...

...’#TrumpGoldenShowers’ forecast over the ‘tippy-top shape’. #PeeTape
Go @Comey !
#PeePeeTape trending
The very unpopular and short Steven Coalbear is spreading more FAKE NEWS!  There was no collusion, there was no pee tape--NO PEE TAPE, and there is NO RUSSIAN MEDDLING IN MY 2013 ERECTION!!
STEPHEN

URGENT: WHY DID SAURON JOIN MORGOTH WHEN HE KNEW AND REMEMBERED THAT ERU WAS ALL POWERFUL AND ALL WAS ACCORDING TO HIS WILL

911
#peetape #peepeetapes  Thank you @Comey for everything!
I predict @StephenAtHome will come to know @Comey 's book to the same degree as #LoTR
When he is so worried about a pee tape, you just have to wonder.......

I hope you burned those socks afterwards.
I love it when you talk dirty.
Omg You can’t make this  up!! What’s happening the the good old U S of A?
At least we know now how he gets his weird yellowpeewish hair color.
.@StephenAtHome @Comey Here's my parody: @GeraldoRivera interviews @FBI director James Comey!
That's what I thought too! 
You’re a fool
says the Prison Planet fan
We just learned that the Obamas slept in that bed and that's what motivated trump.  That's a whole new level of disgusting.
@Maddow
@Lawrence, Comey's on Colbert's next week.

It's going to get interesting.

Choke on it, @realdonaldtrump.
Take it from me, @Comey, it is! 
Love this photo
It's already Friday the 13th. This weekend should be exciting with all eyes on @realDonaldTrump . May the "Glasnost" begin! I guess it's time that Donald Dump's taxes & bank accounts in the U.K./Scotland, Germany, India, China, Russia & Saudi Arabia come to light.
Germaphobe my ass. Germaphobes don't shake anyone's hands, especially for a prolonged period. Take it from a real germaphobe.
All you need to know about #Colbert chumming it up with Podesta the molesta. #Barf
Pizzagate!!!  nom nom nom

And... ACTION!
Found it. Must have been on the roof!
I can still hear you singing Pee-pee tape, Pee-pee tape  as you jumped up and down!
That’s exactly what I pictured, too!
Urine is sterile.
1) No it's not, or UTIs would be impossible. 2) Even if it were, for a nanosecond it touches the skin and your skin is not sterile. 3) Even if you could extract sterile urine without it touching the skin, it's full of nutrients the germs in that bed would love. NOMNOMNOM.
Urine is sterile. UTI's are the result of bacteria being introduced into the bladder, like thru a catheter.  Yes, once urine leaves the urethra it is no longer sterile, but I don't expect trump to make this distinction.
Hehehe...you  listen to Rash Limberger. Lololol!!
For every one of you dorks who reply like this my stats show over a thousand other ppl reading the post. LOL
Fake news!!!
Not watching tonight being bored one night is enough. We all know what he is going to say
Everybody watch @jimmyfallon .At least he's funny

I use to think you are funny, but you actually are really disgusting
YOU HAVE DONE YOURSELF DID YA LOSER COLBERT?? YAP YOU DID!!
Was Trump  too genius to hire Cohen as his fixer? oooh 2 smart!
Was it "Pee Tape" or "Pee Brain" ? either way any difference?
I hope you, unlike the MSM, won't be fawning over the miscreant who effectively elected Trump over the most qualified candidate in history.

I actually believe @realDonaldTrump on this one.  I don't think he could handle the germy bit, unless he was educated enough to know that Urine is sterile.
Is tRump a germaphobe on the scale of Monk? Does someone hand him a wipe every time he shakes a hand?
Copying Bigfoot, it is?
If that's the peepee bed, I would have left my shoes on.
I hear the pee pee tape has been nominated for a Peebody award.  A sequel is planned and is tentatively titled "The Poo Poo Tape" originally titled "Russian Hookers Invade Urine-anus".
Devangelicals will ignore it like everything else.
Hey whiney libs......the only problem is, it was a made up story concocted by the cankle woman herself......Shillary Rotten Clinton.  She paid for the fake dossier.
Keep up the good work Stephen.
sb
And Stephen, you could confirm that if something did happen in that room, it definitely would have been recorded
why is this gif the first thing i thought of when i was reading
U r a disgusting human being
Oh Lordy the tapes!!!!!!!!
You had a chance to ask Albright about her role in pulling UN soldiers from Rwanda in 94 and her disregard for Iraqi children and chose to kiss her you know where. Very brave.
A leaked pic from the party.
I can’t!  Former FBI Director missed his calling in life!  Brilliant! 
Suddenly this stuff doesn't seem funny anymore.
Get ready for the pardons, and watch all hell break loose. This is going to get ugly
Please look into the conduct of your writer who posted disgusting suggestions about killing David Hogg!
Yo Steve, you got some hops!
<3
I couldn’t love you more.
Doing the all important research. Not all superheroes wear capes! 
ME TOO! Love you @StephenAtHome !!!
BOOK HIM
The Pee Pee tapes 
OH MY GOD 
Bravo. #ForTheWin
You never disappoint 
Gilt guilt
Gilty as charged
LMAO.  LMAO
