Gm, I need the clip about the teacher from last night! And I loved the monologue, always do...you rock!
I'm a faithful follower.  I'm not sure I can blame anything I do on a facebook.  I mean,who is so dumb to think their crap is private now-a-days!  It's like language...it's only a secret until you tell someone!  The best part is that this young lady will rock Washington DC!
Here's some oldies but goodies

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTruhm/status/976782135230017537 …
Wouldn’t watch your stupid show if I was paid. Making crude comments & obscenity is all that arrogant, talentless buffoons like U have. Spouting  offensive language is easier than making an intelligent argument, especially when you are completely devoid of intelligence.
Why would I watch your show?


Anyone explain to me: What is the real difference between what a Cambridge Analytica wanted to do with personal information harvested on Facebook, and what Facebook itself can do with that information?
Was it funny?  I miss that time your were funny.
So good SC!
Why your show sucks balls !!
I tried to watch you the other day but you have become the "That's what she said" guy. Every joke is another repeat of Trump. You must find him sexual arousing because he is always on your mind and tongue.
Well, I'm happy to admit that I DID NOT! But then...so yeah, there's this...

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTruhm/status/976782135230017537?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw …
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTruhm/status/976782135230017537?s=19 …
I avoid it, even though I liked your old show and YOU. The Trump jokes are too many and too mean spirited. ( I hate Trump btw) The pianist laughing at everything is irritating.
Could you possibly get the Podesta Brothers in your show for an interview and the rumours of them in Gitmo can stop. Please Stephan you are good friends with them, stop the insanity.
Yes, but the Atticus Fitch was brilliant,  and Everybody Dance Now in front of the notorious RBG was goofy sexy. I have such a crush on you! Your lucky wife! Thank you for making us laugh, and keep our spirits up.
I NEVEr miss your show.. You are the best
You are truly BRILLIANT! Go to bed with you every nite you are on! PLEASE keep going for a LONG Ride!
Trump is just a rolled up sock puppet. I saw it fall out of his pants on his way to Air Force One Half the other day
The ones you can’t do without a team of mostly male writers?
The monologue is the best part of your show. How about doing away with selling books and movies, and just doing 40 minutes of dialog?
Yes, roast Zuckerberg sounds awful, but it really tastes a lot like chicken ....
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTruhm/status/976782135230017537 …
You bit with RBG is so cute! Love your Bourbon belly 
Dems...stay out of my bedroom!
Dems...tell me Trump’s bedroom!
If you all knew my PM’s past life you’d be shocked, Canadians don’t care, we only care he wants the best for us, he doesn’t
Funny show tonight. You and Mindy made have a good laugh.   Ballon man
One of your best monologues tonight (weds) good one!
Why don't you combine all the monologues together? Or at least order them. #justsaying
I just tried to watch the latest videos and youtube threw a tantrum, the future of the internet is not going to be pretty.
Yep!
So funny! Never miss your show(usually:)
Always watch your opening monologue as well as "And I'll be right back with more".
I look to you for the Real News with satire.Makes me laugh and prevents nightmares of Trump and GOP.
Yes Are used to watch Jimmy Fallon now I’m all into Stephen Colbert
Had an awesome time at yesterday's taping. Second row, so close to the high fives, but yet so far. Couldn't think of any questions at the time, but now I have one, where's Jon Stewart?
I'd rather watch paint drying, it's more entertaining and definitely funnier.
No Steven! I can’t watch you every night! Gawd!
Nah, I was busy with my midnight viewing of my grass growing. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Yep !!!
I heard a lot of people caught a lot of things from last nights show
The answer is no. The reason isbecause  you are
A brilliant mind and intelligent coder cannot say that he didn't realize this was happening...hence, silence. Therefore, guilty of the accusations? He can always blame it on his admin...LOL
Well if you were one of the 50 million Americans and their Facebook friends who were duped into voting for Trump by Facebook and Cambridge Analytica, then you got what you deserved.
Unfortunately, we're getting what they deserve.
So Mark Zuckerberg is the reason Trump is in the White House?
No, you have nothing to say to real Americans!  You just say things for your liberal audience.  Guess you have no scruples of any king. Don’t watch your rag... imagine that?  My TV has a crap filter so your rag will never be on it!
Love your show!!!!!!
Nope I won’t watch your SH....show. Bad jokes from a Montclair, NJ liberal.
Ha! You cannot defeat my style! I was there, but now I am gone!
You mean sucker (berg) . Brilliant  man. Brilliant. As they say here in Africa:knowledge without wisdom is like water in the sand.
Yup 
What exactly did Donald Trump say to Vladimir Putin when he called to congratulate him on his re-election?

Perhaps "Dude, in your election, I did not collude

As for another scandal, I'm not in the mood".

Of course! Brilliant!
I even had to wait through local primary election coverage to see it. It was touch and go for a while but I managed. Guy who spent 70 million dollars to win a primary won... Who'd have guessed.
Yes, and as always awesome  
Thank you
#stupid just like OBama calling Putin!!
I watch you religiously from Sydney Australia! #legend
I watch you religiously daily from Sydney Australia! #legend
Thanks for posting this everyday.
Of course I did!  I love you Stephen Colbert
No
Watching it now. Up Ivanka and science experiments (never thought those words would be in the same sentence)
Haven’t watched your monologue in over a year.
and yet here you are! 
Yes, cause Twitter is the same as his monologue.
was that a #reagan impersonation for the voice of the senior citizen?

You have been killing it! I usually work a lot of afternoon/evenings so I miss you at night... but you, me, coffee in the mornings = joy
ProtonMail... didn't they use that in Mission Impossible?
I have watched your show from the start.  After last night's saying Obama also congratulated Putin in 2012 and implying that he is just as bad as trump, I am done with your show.  In 2012 Putin had not just stolen our election and used chemical weapons to kill people.
lmao. I do that when I check in to a hotel.
Absolutely brilliant.
I did not. I wish technology could find a way to create a “link” so that this information could be quickly retrieved or “shared” with other people. I guess I will have to wait for this technological breakthrough so I can watch it Stephen. Or wait for a rerun of your show to air.
You are so freaking hysterical!  Maybe you can time-share with John Oliver's Emmy. 
Never miss it!
Every day I catch up in this world of insanity only comedy keeps me sane. Love from the UK.
Yawn
Stephen always hits the mark!

Awesome. 

Not if I can help it
You can't compete with that ice hot Vulcan chick T'pol (Jolene Blalock) on the next channel over.
no i did not.
Not really, don’t care too much
Obviously @realDonaldTrump knows there is a deep state. Because he is running it. Poorly
Of course I didn't. Your show sucks.
he will not run for president anymore? QQ
What you
No. I missed the days when you kissed my ass on your show. Right before you deleted that interview from your website.
Dope.
No, he goes to a baseball game, and does the wave with Casto...btw Obama made the same call in 2012 ;)

