
This is just another empty handed tactic by #Mueller in his witch hunt to get fired...it’s the only way he can save face for trying to protect the guilty and accomplish nothing after all this time
Maybe if you kept up you'd know this have nothing to do with Mueller. This was an investigation and raid undertaken by the US AG's office in the southern district of NY.
Really? Funny? Weak
#Lawyerception
I’m sure you know of a good lawyer. You’re gonna need one very soon.  Perhaps you’re Fellow inmates would enjoy a monologue now and then. Keep you  in practice if you’re still alive when you get out.
Oh, look, some random nobody named Loogy Val has just told Colbert he'll need a lawyer soon. To back it up he has memes. Memes, people, MEMES! I hope there are no memes about ME floating around,
I made a special meme for you too #MediaMatters
#MAGA2020
Yeah, knock yourself out pud. Keep your crazy to yourself though. Don't drip it on me.
“Seize who?!” @brikeilarcnn
1. Why bother with lawyers when attorney-client privilege just went out the window? 2. Stormey Daniels accepted the $130,000 payment and talked. She has breached a contract and is open to very large law suits.
1. If you haven’t involved your lawyer in a crime, you still have A/C privilege. If you have, you never had it. 2. Stormy Daniels seems to be claiming that Trump committed adultery in a state where that’s a crime, and a contract to cover up a crime is void.
well he did not sign it. so she can talk.
Wondering..if @realDonaldTrump weighs as much as a , then...
As the witch says at the end of that scene, “It’s a fair cop…”
Stephen,

He lawyered up some time ago.  We should check to see if his lawyer has also done so.  This is certainly consistent with Trump's job pledge - full employment for lawyers.
he should hire Stormys lawyer
Probably already got one

He's available to represent himself I hear.
Better call Saul.
He already has!
Hillary Clinton hid her payments to Fusion GPS ,remember when the FBI raided her attorneys office like  they did with Michael Cohen...no,I don’t either...The FBI is corrupt and biased and you are sore loser..still #Trump2020
ok Piper
someone needs to check into what happens if Trump is guilty of collusion - if Russia hacked tampered on behalf of Trump the election is a fraud/illegitimate thus V.P. all appointments including federal judges must be null and void. FOX claims Pence will be POTUS - not true
If evidence collected pursuant to a warrant granted by a judge that Trump appointed nullifies Trump’s presidency and revokes his appointments… did America just paradox the constitution?
not sure I think it works this way - if the investigation proves a fraudulent election Trump is declared illegitimate - America will not be forced to accept an administration appointed by a fraud it has to run again by default
Shhh Colbert.....this Panda thing really has me worried
How cool is that
Not soon enough
At that rate every lawyer in America will soon be tied up in trump squalor.
No wonder Donnie Niblets can't find a lawyer. With everyone of his staff lawyered up, and those lawyers lawyered up it simple supply and demand. When you add in Donnie's propensity for not paying bills... even the law firm of Faster Faster and Faster won't touch him!
Layers of lawyers...


It’s every lawyer for himself
Perhaps this warrant & raid had nothing to do w/ @realDonaldTrump. @MichaelCohen212 has other crooks as business partners. Probably has to do with tax fraud & taxi medallions. Boy, is he acting with paranoia & guilt.
Because brain surgeons don't do brain surgery on themselves, right? Probably the most sound advice he's ever received!

Oh what a "terrible" "disgrace" "disgraceful" "attack on our country" (do you think he actually means USA or 'Mother Russia'?)
He means Trump enterprise, that's the only thing he cares about and his ratings
True that
I heard Trump is offering lawyer internships at the WH now. You only need a Legal Zoom  subscription and Ouija board to qualify!
Well that’s a step up-it!  It was previously a requirement that one must be a graduate from trump university!

And in the meantime fox news is reporting on sex crazed pandas!
Careful there. You don’t want Sean Hannity’s panties to get in a twist because you’re making fun of the Orange Nightmare’s lawyer’s lawyer... do you?
At this point all of GOP congress, every lobbyist the pages and interns have lawyered up. Nary a lawyer left inside or outside the beltway from Washington to N.E.

Of all the sniveling little rat faces in this long, sad saga I’ve hated this one the most ever since that interview he did when he responded repeatedly by saying “So? So? Who says? So?”
Whenever I see “witch hunt” in a tweet, I read it in your voice as Donald’s voice. Witch hunt. 

The best advise for Trump, Trump's lawyer & his lawyer's lawyer is to not spit in the wind, especially during a Stormy Day. No Way!
@grumpyofthenn 
That twitt mueller has gas.he us beyond the http://law.fire  session he is with him. This is just to much now.fir th #%^^*****€€ enough

If only Trump had focused much earlier on firing all judges that may at one point have an issue about him or any of his dealings and appointing those who don’t believe in witch hunts, all would be right in his world.
The attorneys’ employment rate has grown expeditiously since Trump took office!
Cohen had some very interesting boxes taken from his office!
Oh how I wish this pic was real...
  Me too!
Is #StephenColbert ok with having his #lawyer's office raided and his information protected by the #AttorneyClientPrivilege taken?
The fires seem so be reaching the groin area now. No wonder @realDonaldTrump is getting desperate!
Maybe we will finally discover the truths

But
I'm certain Cohen is a criminal but if all they have on him is campain finance voilations this reduces the more important Meuller probe.
@icansurf

When your lawyers need lawyers need lawyers need lawyers need lawyers . . . maybe you just shouldn't be in public service
Any one that has been to law school should know better than to get involved with criminal endeavors. Trump was born into a family that played loose with the law. His whole family thinks that they are in a B-movie, about gangster mob bosses. In the the feds get their man.
Lawyer up, lawyer up. That’s the story of Trump. Integrity doesn’t need lawyers.
He calls it disgraceful, yet he helped start the wheels in motion...

FBI knew about & or received tips for:

Parkland shooter
Orlando Pulse Nightclub shooter
Boston Bombers
San Bernardino killers
Hillary’s deleted emails

But when a porn star makes accusations of a decade old affair, Trump’s attorney gets raided.

Something is seriously messed up.

It doesn’t matter Trump would Barton him if anything happened. Total waste of time
Right!!!
There are very fine people on both sides.

Just the mating calls of lawyers of love.
MAGA = Make Attorneys Get Attorneys
He has one, Schwartz. Cmon Stephen, I expect more out of a varsity letterman! :)
I suggest you read Colbert's joke one more time. :)
If only more had this kinda humor!
But that lawyers probably under investigation too...
This presidency is a joke. When can we wake up from this nightmare?

What? !
Here's hoping he kept meticulous records!

The destruction of attorney-client privilege should disturb you.  There is more at stake here than taking down Trump.
Its lawyers all the way down
I'd say he can defend himself.... but ....

His lawyers are like Russian Dolls
Russian nesting dolls
And we thought Trump wasn't going to create jobs. 
And the plot thickens .

Whats Ty Cobb doing these days
Who tf is Cohen going to get????
1-800-Askgary.
Are there any lawyers left, or are they now all taken by other lawyers??
Like dominoes... too funny/sad!

Is that like getting your back up band a back up band?
Everyone associated with Trump should have a lawyer.
DO YOU EVEN DO COMEDY ANYMORE CLOWN? GO CRAWL BACK UNDER THE ROCK YOU CAME FROM!
Yup, all caps definitely helped you in this one.
Got you triggered so i win as usual clown haha woooooo
lol, yeah i'm raging right now; totally "triggered" xD
Everyone in Trumps orbit is corrupt. Must be so ironic for the MAGA dummies.
Disgraceful and so funny!  I almost pee in my pants.  Their faces tells so much. 

MAGA.  Make Attorneys Get Attorneys
Maybe he should hire the one Hillary's using, its been working out pretty good for her wouldn't you say?
Ahhh so much happier now
#maga
When Trump taunted:: "you'll have to ask Micheal" he probably did not have this in mind.
There must be a massive shortage of lawyers in DC after these past two years.
And that lawyer will probably need a lawyer.
There aren't enough lawyers to cover everyone's asses.
Looks like several already need them.
This is going to far
Takes one to know one.
It’s lawyers all the way down!
Would that be via 1800 Lawyers for Lawyer's Lawyer.?
I know a guy who knows guy that has a lawyer who might be able to help
He says he paid Stormy $130k so he can afford it.


It's Inception with lawyers, they are like 4 lawyers deep 
#MAGA My Attorney Got Arrested.
Hahaha
But yet the FBI and local authorities were told about the parkland shooter and did nothing. They are after trump as a person, not for breaking the law.  But you are to big of an idiot to realize that.
This sounds like a Bee Watcher-Watcher situation inbound.
With Trump in OUR WH, the lawyers, need lawyers, that need another lawyer and another lawyer to be their own lawyer. What a mess!  DUMP TRUMP NOW
At some point NO lawyers will be available to defend any of them....
Cohen's going to need an even sleazier lawyer than he is. This is an example how people who consort with Trump are eventually brought down.
If trump isn't impeached the whole world might need to lawyer up.

lol lawyer needs a lawyer and he gonna need a wall.
It’s a good time to be a lawyer... jobs jobs jobs
Our president promised us Law and Order; I suppose this counts.
Better call Saul! #bettercallsaul
So that’s why they can’t be bothered with small things like investigating crazy kids threatening to shoot up schools....
...But maybe one who actually practices law and isn’t just a consigliere.
You might be in trouble if your lawyer needs a lawyer.
The chain of lawyers could wrap its lr around the world
You need to in this witch hunt. What happened to laws and scope of investigation?
When your lawyers need lawyers.....you’re losing! #PutinsPuppet #DonTheCon #TinyHands



If he hasn't already.
It's lawyers all the way down.
Well met.
Trump: MAGA -> Making Attorneys Get Attorneys. Or -> Making Americans Get Anguished/Anxious,
And on and on until they can somehow find an honest one.
Sarah Palin running again?  I’d rather have a root canal!
Let me guess, he'll fire them? x)
I call this “lawyerception”

Gonna really enjoy you receiving your Kharma Spanky when the truth comes out.
I think every republican in DC should play it safe and get a lawyer...pack of cancerous larcenous rats
No it means we live with a weaponized FBI full of political hacks who go on witch hunts at taxpayer expense


I’m sure that trumps lawyer already has a lawyer as I’m sure trumps lawyers lawyer has a lawyer and trumps lawyers lawyers lawyer has a lawyer so on and so on and so on.
Trump's lawyer *has* a lawyer!
POTUS already knew. Hello? Fire in Tower? All things Stormy gone
Also known in sociology as The Crooked-Man's-Russian-Doll Effect, or more generally: Judicial Constipation.
Lawyers are certainly finding jobs with this administration!
Will DOJ now raid Perkins Coie for hiding the Hillary campaign’s payments to Fusion GPS from the FEC?

If the answer is no, there’s your proof that the fix is in.
Stephen your a regular rocket scientist
Stephan No one says it like you, the Lawyer has to get a Lawyer who has to get a Lawyer, brill. You couldn't write the script and the book would be put under fiction!
A tin hat might be an idea,also.
I actually think we’re already at the point where Trump’s lawyer’s lawyer should get a lawyer.
When President O’Bama was President, wealth redistribution were four letter words. Today the lawyers in Trump’s administration do it among themselves with impunity.
So you want @potus to have committed a crime. Never mind he might be innocent. You hate the man so much you hope he's broken the law. 

But if @realDonaldTrump is cleared, what then? Root for his assassination? Maybe you'd like to be the one to carry it out. Go ahead, say it.
Or, maybe, he could be guilty all along, hence all the lawyers & investigation.
Absolutely. If @realdonaldtrump committed crimes, impeach and prosecute him. But I'd rather the @potus not be a crook and vote him out the old fashioned way if I don't like his performance.
ohh poor thing
Some people are suspecting that this administration is not at all honest. And our elected officials could not be crooks and steal money from the poor and give to the rich. Not the American we knew a year ago.

Ain’t that the truth.


Even Trumps lawyer is a crook.
Maybe Betsy DeVos could instruct them on setting up a legal team: “if you get two lawyers to join your team, and they get two lawyers to join their teams and they all get two lawyers to join their team and...then we can beat this rap”.
He'll just call Kremlin and ask for Pinchuk the metal magnate and ask for a cash advancement of 150K again to pay off another chick he's gonna do because he's so stressed out.
Yes. Hopefully getting closer for prison or impeachment 
Yes!  Please tell me that this is the beginning of the end - for the Trumpster fire that is, not all life on earth...


And a taxi to
You’re gonna need a good one too—-very soon. 
Ironic
Michael Cohen's last tweet on twitter 
#MuellerInvestigation
#CohenFBIRaid
“A person who deserves my loyalty receives it.”- Joyce Maynard                                                 I will always protect our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #MAGA https://www.cnn.com/videos/tv/2018/03/08/exp-tsr-todd-trumps-fixer-michael-cohen-profiled.cnn …

…


You can never have too many lawyers
Lol
Like looking into a mirror into a mirror...
#Trumpland #ChickenHawk

All the lawyers in the Michael Cohen case!!

#TrumpRICO #LazyBumPOTUS
Well , @realDonaldTrump did promise to create more jobs.
The underappreciation of this Tweet is borderline criminal.
