Art therapists have been boycotting the American art Therapy Association because of how they handled Katen Pence - protesting at the conference and cancelling memberships - don’t be complicit please #ArtTherapy
Stephen. I don’t think you realize something - most art therapists are not ok with the Karen Pence initiative for many reasons such as her support of conversion therapy.  AATA didn’t care what their members thought and conspired with her in the initiative
Art Therapists for Human Rights plead with you to give any of the money raised not to AATA which is complicit with the Trump Admin but to the Sandy Hook Promise or March for our Lives #arttherapy #wearenotkarenpence
How about donating to Parkland survivors?  #NoNRAMoney #ArtTherapy
just an idea, maybe get together with an actual artist like @Heather_Horton For a Bid Piece to raise $ for Art Therapy?
I would be delighted to help!


Good move
As long as you donate the $ to help the Porn Stars!
How typical for the kind hearted lawyers from Trump's company to donate their time and mortgage their homes to help sex workers avoid talking to the press!
What's next? A clothing drive!…
I know Art Therapy and he doesn’t really need the money
It's only for US citizens! Your Canadian fans feel left out Stephen. Wave a Canadian flag in you next episode and we'll forgive you.
We dont feel LEFT out
I am Canadian and i rather loath him
Thank you Stephen
Any chance AATA can donate the money to the Sandy Hook Promise or  March for Our Lives  rather than the status quo?
Your artwork is worth much more than what's being critiqued at https://youtu.be/LgUn-P38vkY  
Trumpy Bear???
Good luck! (But don't quit your night job )
Ha ha, cause its not that good. 
Pricless. I smell a retweet
I randomly draw Snoopy and Woodstock over and over when I am bored or stressed.  Loved your Snoopy.
Just when I thought I couldn’t admire you more... 
Soooo what to do??

@StephenAtHome # after Larry Kudlow guess you are waiting for the phone to ring for you to be offered job in WH !!

Buy it yourself. You have money
I will donate an #EmergeArt http://lenaghio.com 
Call @JimCarrey
If anyone can add momentum to this fight it is you Stephen! Emma González is a living revolutionary hero, 17 JOAN OF ARC. You have the power brother and I'm calling on you to use this power here and now! Have Emma on the show,help free us from this NRA PRISON CAMP! THX
Again, we need you brother!
I was prepared to offer $20k for ART. However I reside in Saint Tropez (France) and due to the fact the auction is not available to non-US residents I am deeply saddened and implore you to revisit the legalities of the auction @BrianStack153
Next time you could try #musictherapy I know you are a great singer! @NEAarts @Americans4Arts
Yeah...it has helped a little. Its just nice to know I have a little brother.
Stephen Colbert learning art therapy proves how great he’ll be in a support group setting. Raise money by bidding for his paintings:
Pretty sad... glad I’m not the only one losing sleep
Qick ?
Why do you never debate, with out your writers or laugh tracks& applause sighns, i remember an episode were you had to explain they should be cheering not booing.

Art is truly therapeutic your guest Rachael was brilliant
DAMNNNN the price just skyrocketed
@ScootyPuffJr88
रिप
Already so expensive 
Aw that’s great
How about some real support for #ArtTherapy . Those of us who suffer from mental illness and only have our artwork to survive!
How about knitting therapy? 

Could use your help getting my daughter to NY for her Scholastic Art Awards ceremony.  She's considering art therapy!  Please share! https://www.youcaring.com/springhillhighschoolstudentmadie-1129473 … via @youcaring
Too rich for my blood.  I'll wait for the art in the Christmas Card version.  "Daddy's drinking " bespeaks the yuletide season.
@GingeraleStar
Nice!
Who is Art Therapy?
Very disappointing prologue regarding art therapy. WTG ridiculing therapy for mental illness. Then we wonder why people suffer in silence. Glad that she made you look like an ass.
I believe #ArtTherapy is truly a mindful mediation to bring healing. So many ways I want to share with others
#RIPstephenhawking
You’re getting this noticed @SecondLady !
Art rules!  Here's one of my horsey doodles.
Great skit.
Help support art therapy. And a plug for a friend in Rochester NY  @artsychic76
currently turning the art therapy that I used to relieve stress after my ulcer into a business that I can use to help make up my 30 hrs of work a week I will need to do to complete my government assistance work requirement:)
The therapist was such a good sport. I am getting out my crayons
I work in art therapy.  It works.
I love this! Art is a great therapy!
I wager a bucket of nut
Try #dancetherapy next!  Contact @CHIDanceTherapy.
Thank you for creating awareness for #CATWeek2018!
Art therapy saved me

I so love this!!!

weezy bracket #rap #lilwayne #marchmadness 
