I have a piece in the show tonight that's truly very weird.  I find it enjoyable because it again proves that I was not fired this week.
Fredo Trump got fired again....
#poorJuniortrump
true
Anytime you don't get fired is a good day in my book..
Don't let Trump rip off 20 billion from us
"The Wall" Trumps horrible used car sales pitch for the LNG PIPELINE. Don't let Trump rip off 20 billion from America 
The White House  is having a Job fair on the White House  lawn for  all the Employees  Fired this week
I know you're usually more nationally oriented when I comes to politics but this is happening right now in Kentucky and more people need to see it. https://amp.courier-journal.com/amp/425524002 
@JakePlunkett Definitely made me have to look up when Bob Ross died...

Put it on YouTube?
What's weird is "Bob Ross is dead".  I did not know that.  I need a moment too.  Now that was Art Therapy!
Weird is the status quo for your show. That’s why we felines enjoy it so much.
Need to be weird to get through this administration 
We like weirdtoo
The danger to Whitehouse tourists continues to worsen. Initially there was the risk of being trampled by Trump staff leaving. Lawyers getting close to staff positions are turning around. Dangerous, but legal u-turns.
I think your show is boring
Your show was raised to amazing heights this evening. I was listening to the man sing, oops change of voice...holy Crow Baby! Where did that come from? If I wasn't so damned old I would get outta my rocker and Chase you till you caught me.Really smooth, really..phew..nice..thanks

Stephen, don’t stop. 
I wish you guys didn't play mix and match with your segments' tape dates and air dates. But I'm sure there are sound arguments why your production is scheduled that way.
Do you know why Bill O’Rielly hasn’t tweeted in a while?  I’m scared.
Donald Trump hasn’t tweeted in a while either.
Actually they both stopped tweeting about around the same time, like after I got in my wreck.  Are they together?
your Wednesday show is taped Tuesday #faketaping
True. Honest but weird, Stephen hangs with a notorious pedophile..look for the loudest voices #scared

Fleeing immigration agents, couple dies in car crash in rural California http://www.fresnobee.com/news/state/california/article205187524.html …
Hopefully 45 watches your show. You have completely buried his fat,  white ass the last 2 nights. The best 2 in a row.
Employment good.
ill host your show if need be
That was amazing!  But how did you get that donkey to sit still so long?!!  

Wait.... what channel are you on again...?
