Is that Montclair NJ?
Yes! Are you nearby?
Not too far. Didn’t know any of this was happening, so thanks, Colbert!
Join us!
Lol Flim
Done. Just moved to Montclair from NYC. First thing we did - get involved in Montclair FIlm Festival. #montclairfilmfestival
Welcome!
Hey @StephenAtHome, my alma mater (@sruliberalarts)  is trying to fulfill a challenge grant from @NEHgov. Could you give them a RT? Thank you!
Help us raise the last $6,000 we need to match funds for our NEH Humanities Ladder Access Challenge Grant! Your contribution will allow us to claim the whole 100K! Make your donation here: …
@MontclairFlim? I hope it's not some sort of flim-flam! They should change their handle to @MontclairFilm...
More indoctrination Stephen?
As always, thank you for your unending support! 
We can't wait for #MFF18...
Love you Stephen! My friends call you my boyfriend bc I think you’re the best!!!
 Go Montclair! This festival just gets better and better each year!
The CHALLENGE! (also an experiment) Many of us are betting on this too. For the NEXT 72 hours....we challenge you....NOT to tweet ANYTHING about Mr. Trump. I don't think you can do it for 24 hours. Ok...go. :)
You should check the spelling on your shoutout to @MontclairFilm ;)
First the Colbert Super Pac, and now this? Dammit, Stephen, just how much can we give?! OK, OK, we're in.
BTW - my kids gave your Super Pac $13 back in the day.
Ok, but I get to call them when I need my phone repaired right? 
I don't have kids, and I'm getting to that age...
Typo ... Sb @montclairfilm
What a nice thing to do .so many kids need an avenue of communication
Blow off!
Contact me directly and I will help with your prop needs!  Gregg Bilson Jr ISS
Why are @StephenAtHome @sethmeyers and @Trevornoah avoiding talking about Syria? They basically mention every stupid thing trump says or does. Or do they agree with him about bombing the Middle East?
Gotta save up some more coins compadre...them gov'ment boys took my last silvah dollah
Thanks for supporting my alma mater and ripping Agent Orange  a new one every chance you get 
This Tweet is more like it. 
Stay away from your boring political agenda.  Both the “victor” and the “defeated” in the presidential election are worthless and tiresome by now!!!
Who would donate to a cause backed by you? You do nothing but mock the president and first lady. Letterman was funnier than you will ever be
Feeling better now son? Got your tantrum out of the way lil guy?
Very cool <3
I already donate to a group that pushes a progressive agenda. Its called the public school system.
Ah, an alpha moron. Him big strong moron!
or people could donate to their local schools...just sayin'....
Or we could all get in a bus and drive down to Atlanta and find an ice cream store.
Fuck you, Colbare. Eat my shorts.
Colbert.
cc : @MontclairFilm ! 

love you
Thank you for this and a lot more!


i love you

