Memo to Staff at White House        Understanding President  Pease note .. The.... President Donald Trump will have more famous Presidents  at his Funeral than Barbra Bush  . “ much Bigger “ Trump went on to say;.”Barbra ( Many people don’t know this ) was a female impersonator
Regarding the $5,000 payment made by Southwest to each passenger on the flight that made an emergency landing after an engine exploded:
That would last me about a day
At every bar in town I'd go on a tear.
And if I had any money left over
I would get a pair of new underwear.
qui cherche trouve...
Show us your tits!
Prison is too good for this liar!.
Forget that, there's a more important interview available.
I need RTs to @StephenAtHome @colbertlateshow to let them know I am more than ready to be interviewed. Let’s make it happen with the tag: #SharpenColbert. Thanks, guys!
#Sharpe4Gov #NY #Libertarian #aNewNY #SaveMainStreet …
Comey is a joke and a compulsive liar. How did he received such high position when he’s a crybaby wimp? Exonerated Killary before he even interviewed her, following Loreta Lynch’s orders to make her criminal investigation as a “matter” instead of an investigation. Jail time Comey
When did Colbert become such a loser? I used to watch his show. Now I can no longer stand the sight of him.
Soyboys stick together!
Some of the guest analysts on TV and CABLE news need to pay better attention when they listen to interviews.  They totally reversed what J. Comey said.
There’s no way to reverse what a compulsive liar, like Comey, say. McCabe needs to throw them all under the bus! Those crooks
I can think of one huge compulsive liar who lives in the White House.
Think really hard because you’re obvious using half of your brain. I suggest you find the other half first before you make ASSUMPTIONS. 
You're so supportive of traitors, liars & leakers. You are the company you keep.
James Comey will make some new friends alright, in Prison!
Lmaooooooo I'm sure he did.
Hahaha! Mike Pompeo IS the Sec'y of State! What will you say now?
Hello
Hire me ... I know you like my work .. please
But Stephen Colbert could lose one if he says HOBOS drink Dunkin Donuts coffee
What up



As long as they are anti america
Then thats down with you.what a lost era, you are celabrated for being anti america. 
Ps heard your wife had quite the active http://holster.you  rascal
So what do you think about James Comey (other than he’s really tall)?
Hey Stephen can you check out Canadian rock group Sloan’s new album 12. I think you might like it.
Why don’t you track down the housekeeper that cleaned the room in the Ritz Carlton Moscow after Trump stayed there? She knows what happened. She changed the sheets.

Stephen Colbert is very upset at the media environment Stephen Colbert helped create https://twitter.com/mediaite/status/987199072942641153 …
Watching CNN's Don Lemon.  They were talking about the story that Trump would call News outlets to pump up his image using a phony name. Don told one who was an Author to title his next book, The Art of the Con. Sorry, 3 of those already.

Ya...and he still has the same enemies too...the American people who knows he is a corrupt PoS and will be standing before a judge.  Colbert...what an ass.
You have been my chosen news source until I saw Gwyneth Paltrows face trying to prove she has a soul.  You disappoint for the first time. Why would you .. pressure?  #stephencolbert
What I expect to see....
Criminals of a feather stick together! How you exonerate a public official leaking classified info to the public is absurd. This is not a laughing matter. You will feel stupid when the people who lied will be from your Demonicratic party.
Foolishness.  The only thing that can keep Cohen from serving a long prison sentence is his co-operation with the authorities in blowing Trump out of the water.
Shake your head.  You are making no sense whatsoever.

I understand the trepidation  @StephenAtHome feels about the upcoming Trump-Un summit. Can you imagine what would happen to Colbert’s already struggling ratings if Trump secures a real, lasting peace on the Korean penninsula? Thats why he’d rather through gas on it than support.
"Struggling ratings"?  What BS.
Trump is a continuously mendacious, lecherous sociopath.
Those who support him are no better then he is.
Douchebag!
Poor Mr.Trump-- just cannot stand anyone who makes sense, tells the truth, doesn't use gross hyperbole to tell lies, to insult people, pol.parties,companies,Senators,members of HofR, news media-- did I miss any1?Oh yes, KimJongUn, Angela Merkel, etc.
Soros, oops, I mean Steve Colbert - love the show
April - Trump vindicated
May - Trump Officially vindicated; anti-Trump fever dies down; your ratings tank
You owe the president a YUGE apology, but I'm not holding my breath.
I'll be watching your show every night just in case (hold your breath)
Awesome seeing  @SenKamalaHarris on @StephenAtHome @CBS ~ Clip with her making Sessions “nervous.” Classic! #BlackWomenLead @HigherHeights
Sessions comes across as a brilliant comic actor making fun of Sessions.
I really respected you when you were doing the Colbert Report.
That character you played had a lot more integrity than the man you've become. Comey was FBI director (never a friend to left wing activists) and helped lie us into Iraq.
Killing the deep state. Please gp and get your copy. It is not conspiracy!
And then lost them on Jake Tapper#itspossible
Comey's mother should have swallowed
Are you always this classy, or do you sometimes descend to insults?
Comey is fucked and you're a sucker.
Er...no.  It is you right-wing extremists and religious crazies who are on the losing side now.  Cohen is toast and Trump will soon follow him to the guillotine.
Great interview
HOW... could I have been so wrong about you all of these years...shame on you and shame on me.
Colbert is a hack. He can't do comedy unless it's tearing someone down. He's just as evil and useless as the demlibs he's connected to.
Nonsense.  
Decent, thoughtful people appreciate his superior talent.
Of course that excludes those of your ilk.
You must put a picture of Giuliani alongside the picture of one of the first Dracula movies. The one with the pointy ears
HAY NUT JOB.  I BET THERES SOME SKELETONS AND HOOKERS IN YOUR CLOSET. WE WILL FIND OUT SOON.
Another talking head being told what to say. Not entertaining as it used to be.
Great interview and came across as honest and believable. Well done!

Waiting for the overdue sequel...dumb Keith.
Your interview with comey was amazing. Truly the best interviewer of all time.
Truly! 
Good maybe they can go visit him at Leavenworth.
You ate so prejudice. You do and say anything to cash out .  You are an idiot.
He was so funny the other night when he was on your show!!
What do you call a coffee chain that calls the cops on people of color for no reason?

Starbuckwheats.
For no reason?  I fail to see why anyone has the right to remain on a retail premises, such as a coffee shop, not having made a purchase.
Are you suggesting that I should be able spend hours using their wi fi. and not buy a single cup of coffee?  Are you serious?
Are you clueless? Or a Trumpanzee? Often the same. If you're arrested and cuffed for sitting down in a restaurant someday maybe it will sink in.
I don't agree with Comey in everything he did, but at least he seems honest and forthright! And on point funny! Trump like a bad breakup who won't let go slayed me!
Colbert reading Trump's tweets makes me laugh.
Yes, he sounds more like the Orange Liar than does the man himself.
Mr President is funnier than you
Ha! No, you are wrong. Trump is not funny at all.
Wu Tang!
Lol
http://mostmate.runhosting.com  (Webhosting + Free Domain) http://mostmate.000webhostapp.com  (Homepage)
Stephen Colbert thinking he's relevant by still doing late shows
His nightly broadsides are both accurate and powerful.
If you question their relevance, your cognitive dissonance is making a fool of you.
Your not funny your just stupid...  I’m sure you wish you could be with Stormy.  But that will never happen needle d__k!!! 
I assume those friends only ate golden delicious apples?


A highly articulate response.
One does appreciate such clarity.


What’s up with those strange looking ears of yours Colbert? I’ve noticed you never allow the right side of your weird looking head to be seen... 
Colbert & Kimmel are great!
You're just stigmatized by that big FBI schtick. It'll wear off.
The fact of the matter is some loud mouth raunchy businessman with accusations up the wazzo used that guy like a pawn to sway an election. And that's unacceptable.
'Murder!' 'Pedophia!' 'Rape!' And along comes the FBI ... 'yah'.
Comey handed trump the election now he wants to turn on trump
Can you blame him? He did not think that would turn the election and Americans only heard that there were emails but ignored the news that there was nothing. I think he is sorry but he still is a moron for putting hisfinger on the scale.
I saw it
