This is rePUGnant.
I'm so, so sorry for that joke.
This was shock humor. Stephen, you are joking about the loss of freedom of speech. When taken in context, this all makes sense. He was making her beloved become abhorrent. Not good humor, but not a crime.
Its why the folks of the uk will always be 1 up on you lot in the ironic humour stakes...
You got Brexit we got Trump, I see no winners. Stephen was pretending this was an actual racist dog, so he is playing into the joke and might support this guy.
That's not what steven is doing at all , you missed the point, relax breathe
Maybe he knows that, but not everyone in the thread does...lol
Poor dog. Feel bad he has a creepy owner.
Right, because satire is creepy. Learn about context. This case was ridiculous, and his fans have already given him enough to cover the fine.
This case was ridiculous. The guy himself put it best earlier today. A reporter started quoting the video to try and ask him questions, guy responds "you're an anti semite" 

reporter "im just asking you a question" 

guy "Well apparently context doesn't matter"
Tater does NOT APPROVE.
Rare. Raw. It's a perfection.
Can I have a copy, please?
This is prime Tosh.0 material
This was a juxtaposition joke in the context of the video. It was to take something cute and adorable and make it the worst thing he could think of. This case was a lose for freedom of speech. The joke was in bad taste but not anti-semitism.
If this is worthy of a fine then so is Mel Brooks. The Producers is writ large in spoof Naziism
Count Dankula did absolutely nothing wrong.
I prefer Germans who say nice things.
Getting dragged in front of a judge for making a joke.  That's disgraceful for a so called free society.
It is impossible for pugs to hate anything other than a dog on tv

Source: own a pug
I'm mixed in this.

Its about loss of free speech you numpties, not the Nazi salute...wake up...
I didn’t recognize Sebastian Gorka without his glasses
This is what happens when you have an inferiority complex to the Doberman from across the hall!!
Now there’s a guy with dog training talent gone to waste.
I give to you the newest Director of the CIA.
He said good people on both sides which means there were people on both sides that weren't affiliated with either radical group there.  wow how low is your IQ really?
Omg how could someone do that to a poor puppy. Hes needs a new home asap.
shit i thought the video was funny
im going to jail
I hope you’re standing up of the pugs owner for the sake of comedy! If not, your not going to have a job in a few years because laughing will be considered a micro aggression.
Jesus, #Twitter protects #fascist speech and this guy gets a hate crime charge for joking around with his dog. #thisbloodyworld. #Alienspleaseinvadesoon
Worth the money.
I'm unsurprised to see Colbert have nothing but a pithy joke to answer this daunting story & it's overall implications on free speech. But I'm nonetheless disappointed to see a comedian content to see another comedian suffer legal persecution for telling a joke.
If there’s one thing America does right, it’s freedom of speech. British law got this one dangerously wrong.
Jesus, Colbert. We get it. Trump sucks. You used to be funny.
Let's clarify that this did not happen in the US, and many European countries have laws against anti-Jewish speech (I'd say anti-Semitic, but Arabs are Semites too and the laws don't protect them).
That dog will nazi another wiener in peanut butter, ever again.
Man this is like how many weeks old? Several years in trump time displacement

Pug abuse.
Trump: I'll be too busy working to play golf
Me: You will be too busy playing golf to go inside and take a crap

Can't believe someone got in trouble for that. It was totally harmless. I get some won't appreciate the joke, but it was a joke none the less. He wasn't supporting Nazis or anything.
Pugs are the goodest boys. Yes they is. Yes they is.
You should see his "Cats will not replace us" command.

I don’t remember any Nazis saluting with their paws.
Hollywoods could make a film where creepy motel owner teaches dog Nazi salutes whilst really gassing Janet Leigh in shower. 
Horrid excuses for evil... continuously... that is Trump all day, every day!
@StephenAtHome the biggest loser on TV
The UK threatening to jail this guy. That overboard!!
Oh look, I mindless media robot taking something out of context to push a false narrative. Who’d have thought 
So long, free speech!
What about mk bezalel smotrich and ahd tamimi
His left ear looks better than yours...
Freedom of Speech protects the producer of this sickening video.  FOS, though, is a double edged sword that also outs him as a Cultural Troglodyte, at best, and a Nazi, at worst.  #CaveatSponsor #RePUGnant
Hitler ended up in Argentina. Trump likes the south. Maybe we can talk Air Force One's pilot to take him there. Cannot get more south than there, unless we send him to Antartica.
Hitler committed suicide in the bunker. Eichmann was the one who went to Argentina
Ugh pug

Where the hell were you, @StephenAtHome?
But if he were asked “want to kill trump” you would think it was sooooi cute.
Animals do not have the same rights as humans in regards to copyright laws. PETA had sued in favor of a monkey that took selfies with the camera of a human photographer.
The monkey's attorney, Bonzo Bananas, could not be reached for comment, but was  considering filing a peel.
What happened to you, man? You used to be beautiful.

But there were this time
it's cute
Graham Linehan and Jonathon Pie have been at it over this.
Reading these replies I see way too many idiots who can’t see the big picture because all you see is the narrative. The left wing has become the refuge of people so obsessed with their idea of being right that they will ignore the tyrannical people behind making jokes illegal.
Please give it a rest with your 45 impersonations when reading his tweets, etc. You really aren’t that good and it’s getting annoying.
ottos mops kotzt
"Very fine puppies".
I don’t believe Trump has ever met a dog.
Wtf? Who even cares?
What would @bariweiss say about this?
What on God's Green Earth is wrong with these people? Leave that pug alone!
This kind are having fun you know the fun type who disregard laws and decency and we spoil their fun. Shame on us fun spoilers.
Sad to involve an innocent pet in his insanity!!
If you're going to act like a Nazi, prepare to get treated like one. When you have so many real Nazis, the "ironic" ones (assuming they are ironic) only muddy the water and deserve no benefit of the doubt.
I guess tyrants like you deserve none either.
Stupidity !!!
is being offended punishable by law in america?
Not yet. Looks like Scotland has jumped ahead in the race to totalitarianism.
the dogs still cute... the man training his gf’s cute dog “to be a nazi” is the repulsive one.
You do realize the precedent set by this means internet trolling is now prosecutable by law over there right?
Yes
what you can't see is the dog also has a Hitler mustache
Hey Steve do you think at some point you can start using the term Adult Film Actress instead a demeaning term Porn Star girls and guys that work in this industry don't need that stigma. They do more good for most than Catholic Priest maybe we should call them child preadters.
Right! The moral equivalency here is overwhelming!! (Idiot!!!)
If it wasn't nazis, I'd understand the "joke". But see, juxtaposition and comedy has FUCKING LIMITS and this CROSSED ALL LINES.
Aggravated by religious prejudice? Wtf?
They’re all good boys Stephen
Meanwhile real Nazi’s hold a rally in Georgia without consequence 
What did they fine him in? Dog biscuits?

Eeeewwww. 

 This has been my word of the day since Idiot #45 was out in power by the Electoral College!
Before people jump to the wrong conclusion. Seek out the judges ruling on the case and why he was convicted. His reasons for the "joke" was not backed up in the evidence, and repeatedly using "gas the Jews" as a trigger for the dog, was deemed offensive, when published publicly.
Both sides were offered the chance to argue the right of free speech, but neither did. His claims of doing it to annoy his girlfriend were shot down, as he published it on his YouTube channel, which she is not a subscriber too.
You must remember that context always matters, and that in this case it was thrown out the window. Additionally, just because you put the work joke in quotes it doesn't mean that it wasn't one.
Did you read the ruling?
So from what I gathered they found him guilty of a hate crime he didn't actually commit by taking things he said in the video out of context.
Did you read the ruling?
Weak
Yet it is ok to allow posting of recent gathering of nazis burning a swastika? All are offensive, even if cute. Take them off!
Meechan should be gased.
DISGUSTING!
Here comes the thought police 
That news took a long time to reach you...
@Dalton642 @SkyNews not funny
WTF Dude!!!
OMG ! Even Hitler's dogs adored him. Unaware of his SHIT-FOR--BRAINS LUNACY!!
This is why we can't have nice things.
The hell is wrong with some people, seriously :(
Are humans allowed to do that on YouTube?
Real question
Careful, your joke might offend someone and it'd be terrible if you were put into GULAG
@CountDankulaTV dannnng son. You’re gonna be on Colbert next 
Shouldn't the pug be fined?
Crazy that the dogs name is Buddha.  
So freaking wrong!

Do you agree with this ruling?
This makes me so sad. I take my pup  to charity events and rally’s. #worldneedsmore
Rally's what?
Socially conscious pup not unlike the one pictured.

