lol ... you do realize he was a fake republican, and he was making fun of the Rs ... 
And his parody wouldn't even be unrealistic at this point.
Keep your position as a clow...You don't any talent for anything else. LOVE TRUMP.
Trump/GOP couldnt care less about AD military or Vets. Its getting old & now they're using Natl Guard for duties that are a complete waste. Those guys have JOBS they have to leave  [many take a pay cut when deployed] all so trump & his MAGA cult get big tough-on-immigrants chubby
All great points, and it seems clear this is a manufactured crisis. Do you think AD military is still in strong support of Blotard? I know that @votevets is rebuking these initiatives, but how do you think this is sitting with the AD troops/Natl Guard who may be called up?
Vote vets is very active and theres a fairly robust group of vets here on twitter resisting too though.
#VeteransAgainstTrump 
@VetsUnitedMarch #VetsResustSquadron
Are a few
Yes, good information and good for them to take this stand. Scrotus is hitting resistance from multiple avenues now. Let that tide roll.
Hey, bot....learn how to spell Jennifer.
Took you 3 days to come up with that!?!

Find a safe place, Jennifer. Blue wave is coming.
Review your timeline for hate.

Enjoy!
Ha. Don’t flatter yourself.

Be gone. Fetch.
Could we get some elaboration on specific details of "misc" on bullet #4, because i'm pretty sure we can come up with 25 more bullet points for that one? Thanks in advance! 
Really, you are currently tied with @JimmyKimmelLive @jimmykimmel  for biggest dipshit on latenight TV.
What branch were you in lil Stevie?  Oh you weren’t?  
That’s not fair. He won an award in college. Don’t forget to mention this, Sir!!!#TheRealDonaldTrump
nice bs meme (for the ignorant) Hell, even I have 'medals of honor'
Lol
I can't take it anymore Stephen! How is this criminal thug conman still president!!
Remember Johnny Carson ?  Ya. Back when a guy really was funny and didn’t take sides.  So many miss him and won’t go near the commies on late night shows now. Johnny and Leno. The last of the REAL late night entertainment. #missHeresJohnny !
I really miss liking Stephen. It’s impossible for anyone remotely centrist or conservative nowadays, he’s just too constantly mean spirited. Even more disappointing is him not giving a shit about people like myself, he’s a different person now than when he was on cc.

I miss when Mr Colbert was kissing my ass during the election. And now that i’m President he’s been acting like a total buffoon. What a hypocrite. SAD! @StephenAtHome 
You really are dumb. Stephen was not an admirer of you. Quite the opposite.
Hi Judy, you should really watch the clip.
And it's a fake account.
Thanks. Tend to believe well constructed lies.
And please watch the clip. Stephen praised Trump and was rooting for him.
I'm 99.9℅ certain that the man you refer to as President trump is in fact a surrealist performance artist - brilliant!
The real reason he wants a parade.
Good times!
Dump trump and fund lil’ pump
My dream - Trump in handcuffs, bawling like a baby. A very humiliating trial. Followed by 1st day in prison - stripped (laughter), head shaved, orange jumpsuit (lots of pictures). Then him sitting in his cell  - no Twitter, Diet Coke, Ivanka. Great dream...
Beep boop beep I am a russian bot, what you wish for trump, will happen hillary.
https://twitter.com/therealcornett/status/979360136463634432?s=19 … buttface
What is going on here!! Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. Luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
#FoxNewsatnight…
One more 

Fudge his physical exam to stroke his ego
When you say it like that it actually sounds reasonable. When 1. was war & misc they were barely used. Now our moneys going towards more use.
In priority order.

I agree with others calling for you to run in 2020. Just imagine: Cheetos vs Doritos!! Time to break out that jacket.
Presentation IS IMPORTANT. If strength isn't shown  - weakness will be assumed.  The credo of bad people is - "Weakness invites attack!".
Back off, mr. Colbert!!!!
You forgot the space force.
Well that's what he learned in cadet school.
Stephen Colbert’s responsibilities, bash Trump, bash Trump, continue the narrative and forget he ever had anything funny or important to say!

Don’t hear much about isis taking cities in the Middle East anymore do u?... but u know best.... which branch did you serve in??
Hahahahaha
But all was good with you when Trump mentioned building the wall when he was on your show. Who do you take orders from Stephen???
Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/46703 …

Here's your answer. He's a sellout like most.
Gonna need a bigger wall.
Are you saying securing a perimeter is not a primary function of the military?  I used to watch and respect you.  Especially when I served.  When did you serve by the way?
5. Bigly Be the bigliest the whirled has eva seed
when Johnny comes marching home again...♩♩to build...A Wall
#imPOTUS45 thinks if he shuts down departments he can 3 Card Monty funds around to pay for the wall and line some of his cronies Pockets with money and no one will be the wiser #DrainTheSwamp the swamp #RegisterToVote  #VoteForOurLives #BlueTsunami2018 #NotMyLunatic
according to bolton

1.  war with iran
2.  war with NK
3.  war with terrorism
4. war with democracy
Don't forget for certain senior officers, 

5. To do whatever it takes to move up the ladder. #Mental fitness
Careful, the MAGAts are watching!
Hail to the Chief
You forgot 5.  Transporting my ass to Florida and mara Lago to golf. Unreal  and he is the commander and chief. Not. When will the agony end?
And Obama sent a pallet of $400 bllion to Iraq without so much as a political, let alone a legislative or judicial challenge.
@realDonaldTrump 
It’s not too late to call off the parade. It’s not too late to call off your Presidency.
I have been deceived
Are you saying POTUS is less than truthful about our military’s primary function 
OMG, How shocking
N..O..T
If you really want to bring down Trump further, compare him to Chavez-the venezuelan ex-president
And of course they have to do all that because "they know what they sign up for"...
Are you sure he wasn't talking about this, 'M'?
Yea but let’s be fair... what about when obama ?? ?
When did Obama serve? Or Clinton?
Fake news
Shocking List only Trump Able to justify. Sad Day Republicans ON Hill have Control yet don’t hold Trump Responsible. Our Country protected by Constitution.Was a Country of Law & Order. No longerGOPS  don’t hold Trump to Our Laws.Trump rightly being Sued,costantly Enough
The reason he is so opposed to transgenders is that With transgenders, he does not know what he will be grabbing
Oh Colbert "dot dot dot" looking forward to your witty, politically correct, funny-assed self tonight "dot dot dot"
I love the nickname Spanky, here's a great show builder... Who creates the best dance called "The Spanky"... I'm open to help judge. IJS
So is Spanky's $50 million parade coming out of the military's increased funding?
Hey Stephen, don't blame Trump. He's from Queens, he thought it was the Dept. Of Da Fence.
You left out the stealth fighters so advanced that they don't actually exist...
i think u voted for hillary dude
You forgot “Ban the gays”.
You forgot flying the sec of treasury around for vaca
It takes someone truly "special" to believe everything Trump does.
I just don't see the military okay and building of the wall on their dime. Any vet that may have supported Trump in the past I can't see them doing it now
The nuttier ones maybe but frankly Dems should make a serious effort to cut into the GOP advantage among vets.
Ms. Sunshine, Disney Princess, joins WH press team. Okay, we already have Donald and Micky in the Oval Office so why not fill the rest of the open jobs with ‘Toy Story’ characters?
5. exclude transgender people
Joint Defense Exercises with Wakanda !!!
Colbert you are such a tool!! Why can’t you just cut the crap? Are you really that sad that you can’t form your own opinion instead of regurgitating others propaganda?
When is the pee pee tape coming out?
Trump is clueless STILL. 15 months and counting!
...and according to the Dems: apologize, be feckless, and lose!  Hmm,  Trump wins!
So long as the military is doing it, opposing it is being unpatriotic. You don’t want the military to build that wall? Why do you hate our troops?!
Don't forget taking "out" a crooked President
5) Money Laundry for The Racist Billionaire club.
Where did you get that information?  A news article... that you wrote?
Fight the Blue Wave!!!
You forgot 'look good in uniforms'.
5. Wait for our overseas mental health facilities to be fully staffed.   
- actual military family overseas.                                                           ...(crickets) @StephenAtHome
What else do you expect from #PresidentSpanky ?
Protect us from landscapers,  farm workers, housekeepers, nannys who make us look lazy.
Trump better call Saul

What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
 
Sounds like a video game!
Mr Colbert I have a comedy skit you would love. Also i have a music video i know you would love... its called "i got sick" on youtube...It is my civic duty to be a comedian.
Wow
The Army Corps of Engineers gets more money than fighting troops? Who need killing stuff.
Get over it Penis Leech.
You forgot also:
Fund wall that Mexico was supposed to fund...
President Trump loves our military more than any other POTUS...
You are such a tool. But I'll pray for you.
Could this be the rebirth of the LateShow Top Ten List? Except not so long? Just sayin’. 
Colbert hates military, that's ok he's just a nobody, and his opinion means nothing.
Tell that to ISIS

I am so sick of hearing about this wall. Trump, pence, and trump supporters should pay for the wall. I don’t want to pay for the wall in my taxes.
Why did my post not print? Judy Carol Smith
That's Spanky, alright!
He coulda developed bone spurs while a student at University exemption... The alternative sux...U know what UR job entails?
Soldiers HATE parades. Really. I live with one!
You forgot the all important ‘ space force’.
Don’t forget measuring penis size.
Now he’s hiring Disney princesses
No time for #Sexism
Turns out the Military is paying for the wall.
5. Music

Take medals that doesn't belong to him
Sounds accurate
He is so stupid why does anybody even listen to him at this point!#LiarInChief #NeedtoImpeach
Another responsibility. Trump real estate are national security threats, therefore Military must divert funds there too.
Ok please run in the 2020 election. At least the presidency would include humor instead of dumb comments! You are the man! The interview way back with Eminem was priceless!

Omg, you make me crack up so much,you have surpassed Conan O'Brien!!!
When are we gonna have Terminators instead of humans judgement day came and went already and I'm still not on a hoverboard or anything
misc. 
Nailed it!
You are a tool.
Hurry up, Mueller!!!
Kick out tran
It is sad and sick when someone wants to steal from our military budget to build an unwanted, wasteful wall. So much for supporting our service personnel.

5.    Stay clear of Melania.
STFU 
SPACE FORCE to round out the top 5

You forgot he renamed them Mexico, b/c theyre payin' for the wall.
Getting my Wall!!!Thanks Army Corps of Engineers!!!.... Libtards have been Trump'ed... Look at my prototypes in San Diego.... Don't pay attention to my other hand elsewhere making walls... StepHen is a pawn!!!
Your duties:  trash our president daily
5. Threaten other, younger dictators. (Lookin’ at you, Jong-Un!)
6. Justify massive pork spending.
7. Farm team for White House staff.
Of the 4 above I think bone spurs are the most important. Kept him alive and away from danger. Let the suckers fight his fights.
you forgot Spanking
Spanky understands little of the better things in life, only the desires urged by the ego
Your job was to be funny. What happen?
Go back to eating Doritos. If you want to know what the military really is about, join up. Other wise, you are a fool opening your mouth.
Yo bone spurs hurt like hell
You forgot "shun the transgender people."
Alot of America's problems if, instead of pro and anti Trump propaganda, and just show cute animals so we don't have to worry about politics, and just look at kittens, puppies, and baby goats for a day.
I'm glad that we got that straightened out.  
Trying to think of other militaries guarding walls on borders and I just can't come up with any positive examples.  Russian Germany, Korean DMZ..
Promote crazy doctor who told everyone I am a stout 238lbs
Aren't you the reason he ran for president
Blame that one on Seth Meyers
Surely that’s excusing bone spurs for only the ridiculously wealthy
5. Defeat Wakanda

Frankly glad to see "war" not at the top of any US agenda

you forgot about 5. beeing rich
Ask Katrina survivors about how well the wall thing works 

You forgot Space Force
But I thought Mexico was paying for the wall?  Now he wants to steal $ from the military (M) to pay for it?  SAD!!
SPANKY won’t like this tweet. 
Sick of this shill and his shell games.
You forgot the transgender ban!
5. ignore puerto rico
5. DO NOT CONGRATULATE
Will the military pay for the wall that is my question.???
Grow up will you first off the military is for security if our country why don't you stop with the resistance n do something constructive how about hilighting the  Yuland Dog meat festival to stop that
And give out medals
I can't imagine any of my fellow vets still supporting this guy, but there's always more room for stupid, I guess.
Don't forget heterosexual only.
Bolton will move 4 to 1
What did obama do in 8 years ? Depleted our military ....opened our borders ......gave billions to Iran .....wake up too many late nights for you !!!!!
But...parades!
He's got big hands. He's a stable genius. What's ur point?? 
you forgot to include conquering space and stamping the old u.s. of a. flag on it.
Obama.
We don't need the military 
Fuck the veterans .
Let them die.
And they did.
Your a fool !
Do you constantly walk around with a chubby for Trump? It's not the Late show, it's the anti-Trump show. Pathetic. @CBS
6 greens keeper at Mra-Largo

<3
Bone spurs should’ve definitely top that list
5. Send test rocket to Mars(with Trumph on it).
5. Golf
You're not that smart, that's bad for business
5. Thoughts & Prayers
So, if Russians post ads on Facebook it’s evil, but if Illegal Immigrants get counted and add Congressional seats in certain states, then vote, that’s good, and constitutionally fair.
hot Chica mama!
You forgot global drama queen productions of #bullying. #NorthKorea #Syria #China #BulliesAreCowards @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrump
Your tweet reads #stupidity
5. Ignoring their “Commander-in-Chief’s” gross incompetence and treason with an enemy govt. #TrumpRussia
Obsessed with the wall- must subliminally reflect his idea of manhood and its corresponding size. Like a petulant child stomping its foot. Stormy should put him in the naughty corner.
U forgot take up a whole lot of #billions in #tax money
5. The Americans put out of the White House the "president"
