Never gets old https://twitter.com/sarahhuckabee/status/794255968448020480 …
Who has Sarah Sanders next in the pool?
Why has everybody left the pool?
Our country's values are under attack.  We need to do more investigations on trump.
She hollered more!, more!, more!
I know, its disgusting how our president mocks people he thinks are uglier than he is and the way he is using Sarah to draw away fire and distract the press ( but not why he thought they would be distracted, its his KellyAnne Method)
Not a put-down: Fascinating to watch her listening to a long question ... muted. She subtly moves all the time. Facial expressions, too.
AMEN Sarah! We’ll just quote you right here in March 2018.  

Boundless depths of hypocrisy.
Just what I would expect from a"magic Christian"... SELF-SERVING FANTASIES


Hey, back off “the Colonel” #KFC
Never thought I’d miss Spicey...he at least was hilarious with how hard he was trying.

Sarah does every single press conference like she just swallowed a dump truck’s worth of Xanax and Zoloft
What is getting old is the lack of action by the sane americans against what is going on with their country ...
One big reason is that admitting your Grievous Errors is a hard thing to do.


Gets
Never ever.
Are you on vacation? I miss you!!
And here’s a tweet from her dad who raised a dog torturing son. These people are clueless! Deplorable.
Don't forget the one about not daring to question generals.
So, is this the point where we're supposed to get tired of "winning"?
Sarah Sanders: The Devin Nunes of Sean Spicers
Oh that’s golden!
Stephens time as a show host and celebrity will soon come to an end..he will soon be known as a pedophile creep that will spend his days in jail!
I hope he sues you for slander and deformation of character
Steven knows what's coming lol he won't don anything because that bring attention to it..look into the podesta emails and pedogate and youll have a different opinion of a lot of celebrities
Very funny @PressSec @POTUS @realDonaldTrump! What did Mr Potter say?
While I find the segments where you talk to God funny, I wonder why God is always portrayed as a white man? Just saying....

Yes.  It does get old.  Ignore the pig.  He’ll die from lack of attention.

I found that McCabe cannot get his full pension unless he is rehired by an 1811-series employer for his remaining time.  Otherwise he waits until he is 57 and 8 months to qualify for reduced benefits


Irony!
that,s cool
Yeah right. Trump didnt attack them, or DID HE?
Miss you Stephen! Who could possibly be watching all that basketball...o, wait...my son and millions of other fans....never mind. Come home soon okay?
Never is dead. Long live Never.
#StayShocked---I heard Eve Ensler say this in an interview recently w/Salon talking about her new one-woman show, In the Body of the World, and the importance of NEVER normalizing the behavior of the predator-in-chief and his minions. I agape love you, btw, @StephenAtHome :)

@TheDweck huh?
Never
The hypocrisy is staggering
The kids did something, now they’re getting results #March4OurLives
She attack military first responder daily

They're still talking about her emails?!
When she was still a Smeagol
There really is a tweet for every day of this mad, insane administration.
Fired not attacked
Body shaming Colbert? That's very progressive of you.
When he moves to fire Rosenstein and Mueller, Americans will take to the streets to take back our Democracy. Will you join us Stephen?
never!!! Too funny but sad
#ObstructionOfJustice

This.
Its not how fast you mow...its how well you mow fast..............
What gets me is: does Drumpf really think he’s going to get ANY help from ANYONE at the FBI after telling Sessions to fire a DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF THE FBI TWO DAYS BEFORE HE RETIRES DESTROYING HIS RETIREMENT IN A PETTY DISPLAY OF CHILDISH BEHAVIOR??!! What a TOOL!
Unrelated: Don’t forget that 3/25 is the Gondorian New Year. Happy St. Patty’s Day.
is this like 'if i could see into infinity i'd be kissing my own ass' ? Cuz schmuckabee is getting very very old.....
I just wish it would stop.....
Of course Sessions waited for you to be on a repeat before firing McCabe. Cant wait for Monday's show!
Evergreen
180 likes at 7 seconds!
Got em *kisses fingers Italianly *
Oh it is old and Im tired
Ever.
