If you say the word "Recusal" 3 times into your bathroom mirror, this photo of Jeff Sessions appears.
To make it go away you have to say "I do not recall summoning you".
You can also chant "Robert Mueller" and it will vanish faster than Roy Moore on a horse.
 This conversation has made my morning- thank you both

Beat me to it!
This Time cover is a "Leprachaun in the @WhiteHouse" promo image
#MAGA  
Very good likeness indeed. However Doby was a good guy! Sessions not so much
When "Keeblers" go bad.... Precious.



oh shit they're rebooting tales from the crypt
Oh Look! Kate McKinnon made the cover of time!
Can you explain this joke, please?
Kate McKinnon does an impression of Sessions on SNL
Ah! Thank you.

say his full name 3 times while staring at the mag cover and you get pulled through it into a world where the South won the War.
You mean they lost?
Reminds me of old Bilbo when he goes for the ring around Frodo's neck at Rivendell
“Rumple-Face-Skin”.


I miss when Mr Colbert was kissing my ass on his show, and now that i’m President he’s been acting like a total buffoon. What a hypocrite. SAD!       @StephenAtHome 

It looks better on him.
I see they went with the most flattering lighting they had.

Dementia at it’s full stage !!   What a nightmare !!!
He's got cold, lifeless eyes, like a doll's eyes Chief.
This will be the final nail in the Jeffy coffin for Trump. You know he hates when someone gets more publicly than him.
Will he be a tweet dismissal too?
#TrumpDerangementSyndrome 
#JeffSessions #SessionsOnTime 
#FridayFeeling #TrumpTweets
is this a poster for an upcoming horror movie?
Looks like Sessions has been getting into Steve Bannon’s skin worsener.
That is the most Confederate-sounding name I have ever heard.
Palpatine's southern cousin.
Hey!
Enough said...........................................
Looks like Emperor Palpatine in this picture
jesus, that image is burned into the back of my eyes! 

horrific.
At home with Jeff Sessions.
Careful Stephen, you don’t know where that magazine has been! 
Is that really the cover @TIME went with?! That’s offensive. Even for a scabby little demon risen from the depths of the most foul pools of hatred, that photo just...oooooh, nevermind.
Evil incarnate, second only to @realdonaldtrump
Wow.

That is one rugged photograph.
Jeff Sessions: the Carter Page of Rod Rosensteins
Jesus.  
"as foretold in Revelations" 
What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon

Or he eats* your first-born child.

Why does he look like Voldemort?!?
Thanks. Now I'm going to have nightmares.
They really captured his personality in that pic.
Wonder if he ever has Deep Thoughts.
Beauregard Beauregard Beauregard. Oh thank goodness it doesn’t work like Beetlejuice.
No one is above the law, except Trump, Don Jr, Kuschner, Manafort, Flynn, Gates, Sessions, Papadopoulos and on and on.
Oh my.
“Pleased to meet you. Hope you guess my name.”
What's troubling you is the nature of my game
@m_trujil eh s'demon
Y’Sith Lord?
in my best Church Lady voice-"Could it be SATAN:>>>>>?
Good lord that pic is terrifying. Looks like Chuckie as an old man sans red hair. Yikes.
Lord, Help! I feel like my soul just left me!

A #racist son of #Selma, Alabama is our #AttorneyGeneral.  One fo the original racist three who recruited Trump.  Deep #shame America.
See kids, if you don’t smoke pot even once, you turn into this gremlin.
That image burns my eyeballs! Make it go away!!!!!
I believe this photo is in the dictionary under “Doddering Old Fool”.
Even as we speak, Time HR is firing the Art Department jokester who put this apple doll head on the cover.
Snoke before the accident?
Another Time's front page to spank Spanky!
Eek! It’s Ruplestilt-Sessions!

Rumpledforeskin?
When did he die?

Yes, another white supremacist made the cover..
@jeffsessions @realDonaldTrump 
He thinks that he's one special little Keebler.

I recuse myself from reading that tweet
@ratkingnow , about selling your soul. I think I know a guy.
YOU MADE IT REAL, JONATHAN!

He looks like an iguana
That is fucking scary! 
He looks like bad plastic horror flick prop.
Why did he let them take such a spooky crypt-keeper-esque photo of himself?
@WinnieBranton @mollymcp Is this the guy that lets Hagrid and HP into Gringotts?
WOW The evil in him is on full display via the fire in his eyes.
Head of the Evil Lollipop guild.
This will surely take off the Glorious leader. The lap dog made it onto the cover before he did. Guess who's going to be the next to be shitcanned via Twitter.....
1. Keep him out of the light
2. Dont give him any water
3. Never feed him after midnight
Is to just me or does he look like a young Gollum?
He looks more evil than Gollum.  I feel Gollum had some redeeming qualities....
Great, I read this tweet three times and he just appeared. Now what?
Wochenende, Alter, ey, im Geiste bin ich Drogenboss. Fick die ganze Szene, ich bin fly wie ein Rhinozeros. Oh, Ebbe. Ich hab keinen Plan, wieso ich so gelangweilt kling', vielleicht weil ich gelangweilt bin. Wochenende, ich bin Sternzeichen Gott, Alter.(Christoph Wiegand)
It's like one of the lights failed to flash, and the photographer said, hey, this is my favorite.
Those look like lizard eyes to me
There's something very unsettling about this portrait. Even if I didn't know how terrible he is IRL. Reptilian? Maybe that's what the Republicans should change their mascot to.
Wasn't he in "Rosemary's Baby" ?!
What a creepy elf.
If there was ever a picture that could steal your soul it's this one
JESUS! Bilbo Bigot is an Orc!
I heard if you say it three times while looking in the mirror he’ll visit you to remind you of how bad weed is.
Well-played burn by @TIME.
Ugh he looks like the evil troll he is.
« Beauregard » (Beau regard) means beautiful look in French. Honestly, his look scares the hell out of me! Even the Eye of Sauron looks more pleasing to me.

I don't like the direction that the writers are taking Yoda. The new CGI just makes him look more Sith than Jedi.
and they say photographers can't paint with light ;-)
Who says that? The word 'photography' literally means painting with light.
Then you understand the irony ;-)
Jesus, he looks like a demon elf.
Attorney General and haunted person-shaped piece of beef jerky, Jess Sessions.
I spelled Jeff wrong by assident.
Wasn't that Blanche Devereaux's brother's name? Asking for a friend.
Clayton "Clay" Louis Hollingsworth
Sounds like it could be though, doesn't it?
Yes!! I laughed cause I knew what you meant...but I laughed more because I actually knew his name
LMAO. I'm rather impressed, to be honest.

That might be the creepiest face I've ever seen.
Johnny Carson was a Class Act.   Carson seldom invited political figures onto the Tonight Show because he "didn't want it to become a political forum" and did not want the show used, by himself or others, to influence the opinions of the viewers

Why the hell is this Russian spy on the cover of time magazine!? Nobody is above the law? Are you serious??
which one of the plagues is this?
My god there were two before him????
And your point/joke is . . . ?
My first born would having him crying within a minute.
It’s just me, or he looks like Gollum’s twin?
That’s just creepy. The crypt keeper made it to the cover of TIME
If no one is above the law, why hasn't Sessions been charged with perjury?
That’s one fugly leprechaun.
Doesn’t know how to tie his own god damn tie, that’s for sure.
His eyes remind me of Darth Maul.
I believe that was from Jeff's screen test for Star Wars: The Phantom Menace.
Why is a mummified garden gnome on the Time’s cover? It belongs on History magazine
That is one of the most frightening photos I have ever seen. Thanks for the nightmares! 

Anyone else think it’s ironic a man named after people who violently rebelled against the United States, who then received nearly complete amnesty, says that no one is above the law
What ever that is, it is in charge of law enforcement in America. Jesus h christ.  Whats going on down there.
Don’t scare people like that!
Dude is anti weed. lol..

Somebody thought this was a good picture...
Hope he named his more sensible dog:  Hamilton Ulysses Lincoln IV
To banish him, you must say “Reclaiming my time” until Maxine Waters appears.
Blech! I know he's goofy looking, but WTH did they do to his face?
I'm loving Jeff Session's audition stills for the Sith Lord Opening in the next Trump scandal. Giving great Sith Face, Jeffie! @StephenAtHome


I Am The Law
#Dredding #JeffSessionsDreddful #JudgeDredd

Egad! Oh Belvedere, come here boy!
All I can see is Kate Mckinnon.
His face is straight out of a horror movie... ...or the keebler cookie commercial.
"Nobody is above the law" wasn't it someone that created/made the law..
OH MY GOD! ITS ALFRED E NEUMANN!
That a creepy picture. He doesn't look adorable anymore lol
He looks like a demon....
Doesn’t he remind you of the little prick in school that lurked around every corner... just waiting for somebody to break a rule... so he could tell the teacher???
... just sayin’
I cringe looking at this picture of @jeffsessions, a lap dog of @realDonaldTrump.
Oh man. There truly r americ.s who - so bad - want 2 b some sort of 'aristocrats'. Like those in the 'old countries', their parents/grandparents migrated from.
(Maybe trying 2 hide fact they'r IMIGRANTS)
Why...why is he lit like he's telling ghost stories?
He definitely got the face he deserves
I only hear that name in a genteel southern accent.
@jeffsessions looks like the anti-Christ here.

Zoom in on just his face. He’s the devil son
He looks like the devils helper
The bogeyman. Hurry, hide under the bed. 
Nobody's above the law.  How ironic.
I wonder why he didn't use his little purse lip look how cute I am pose in front of Congress he told the questioners you're scaring me I'm too little too frail for your tough questions
Poster for a horror movie no doubt
If I never see his face again it’ll be too soon

Disgusting liar and traitor. #traitortrump #Resistance #MeToo and he can't stop lying
Remember to give the nobody is above the law speech to Trump.
@JoyAnnReid @ScottNevins @AriMelber He looks more like "JefferZon Beauregard Zezzions III" Head of the DOZ.  Trump has begun the Zombie Apocolypse.
Philip Montgomery @philip_nyc is a great camera slinger. Supurb photo.
Treason Elf
Scary elves always haunt my dreams.....

I miss when Mr Colbert was kissing my ass during the election. And now that i’m President he’s been acting like a total buffoon. What a hypocrite. SAD! @StephenAtHome 
"Beauregard", now that's an unfortunate name.

I miss when Mr Colbert was kissing my ass on his show, and now that i’m President he’s been acting like a total buffoon. What a hypocrite. SAD!       @StephenAtHome 
What happened to you Colbert?  You used to be so funny.  Now you come across as a bitter, angry, rich old man.  Honestly, we are supposed to ignore the tens of millions you are making while you bash Trump?  What makes you better than him?  Sex scandals?  I bet you're no angel.
Hey Stephen, wouldn't it be ironic if Donnie (aka President Spanky) ordered the beheading of Jeff Sessions today?
Tomorrows headline: "Stephen Colbert dropped Sessions - Will President Trump do so as well?"
- Sessions lost his head today -
Bad photo!  lighting makes him look freaky, unnatural

He looks evil.
looks like the most successful orc from Mordor ever
Yikes. This is the stuff of many nightmares.
Omg. I know I'm late but that pic is scary af! His eyes
That is one creepy picture! Usually, he LOOKS kinda friendly and cheery (that impression goes away as soon as he starts to talk though), but here??? Holy moly!
Wow this gotta be the only time Jeff Sessions looked remotely evil 
Of COURSE his middle name is Beauregard.
The dude abides & The ELF prevails!
Looks like the varmint my cat brought in 10 years ago. Does it have a tail?
Pls go back to being funny.
A pair of horns and a tinge of red around the pupils would be a good addition to the pic.
Just going to leave this here for anyone who needs to wake up.
Quite sad what your show has become. Just another dime a dozen and a majority of people don’t care. You will fade away.
Looks like a bad case of constipation.
Pukeworthy.

is this the devil?
the devil
He looks super creepy (more so than usual) in that photo. Little shithead keebler elf



Gah it's evil Ernie Keebler !!!
Lmao!!
Colbert: Ur not funny. U were never funny. But u r urself a big unfunny joke.
Anti Christian bigot
Dumbo remake?
Yikes!! I dare you to say his name three times in the mirror.
Just saw the review of the Wu-Tang Clan's Once Upon a Time in Shaolin by AG Jefferson Beauregard Rayquan Sessions III.   What inspired the Rayquan? Was it the creme filling?
Eeek! It's more frightening here than it was on paper in my home just last night. 

It gets more frightening whenever I hear what it's said so maybe I should be relieved it looks as scary as it sounds. If it gets scarier and scarier every 12 hours Be Very Afraid.
That is one scary dude and so is his political agenda
He stole our children long ago along with their future.
