do you ever get tired of the same BS every night?  Ironic that before Trump, your ratings sucked! Looks like Trump wins again
I am no Trump fan, but your constant Trump bashing is getting old with your annoying AF impersonation.  It's actually quite sad how much time and effort you put into it lol.
You know that it's not really Trump bashing if Stephen recounts what's going on and it just happens to describe a garbage fire, right?
ok, but his impersonation is still annoying AF and it's still sad how much time he devotes to it.  WTF is he gonna do when Trump isn't Pres. anymore lol.
I used to watch your show and considered myself a dem... gosh I was wrong #maga

https://twitter.com/realDonaldTruhm/status/976782135230017537 …
You know that Wikileaks has exposed you as a Clinton hack, right? And you’re still doubling down on your mental disorder. Funny, anyone who has read Wikileaks is laughing at you, not with you. You liked the Clinton Foundation I presume? Ur Propaganda

Let us guess, your monologue was about #Trump, again and again.
So, which late night host will be the one to formally introduce USA to the amazing #FloorJansen & #Nightwish https://youtu.be/3brcfttchzA  currently touring?
The showdown is coming - My article
((@StephenAtHome It is now impossible for me to read a Trump tweet and not hear it in your Trump voice..
Why is no one insulting Trumps' body the way he insults women's. Because we're concerned about mistreatment of whales.
I’ve been a fan since “Strangers With Candy,” watch every Late Show, have “tweeted” maybe 10 times, but I had to say that Monday’s monologue was some of your best work so far! Thank you for the stinging political commentary and hilarity. – at City of Madison
We're gonna need a bigger administration
President #Trump learns his businesses were subpoenaed by the special counsel. https://youtu.be/pBNCYI0eQ9s 
You can verbatim read Trump’s insanity tweets to the masses, yet still, his supporters (or are they bots), stand by him. #EducationReform #PayTeachersBetter
Thank you!! Channel 11 in Australia is so glitchy on playback it’s a nightmare to watch!!
Yeah. I’ll wipe my ass with it.
Stephen Colbert’s description of Cambridge Analytica whistleblower Christopher Wylie: punk rock cabbage patch kid
Did you see the new movie starring David Dennison?    #DrainTheColostomyBag
I think Trump is trying to OJ Simpson himself out of a conviction. Which is discredit police not prove your innocent
Your monologues are what gets me through this national nightmare - thank you!!!!!
Hey Stephen. One of my dreams is to work with you. How amazing it would be if you responded. 
Stephen you are the greatest! Love watching you
Gotta love that font humor! Amirite?
@stephenathome you butter my bagel!
So good.
"Shaved Peter Pettigrew" made me snort.
hey there.. I'm not sure about your politics but I just wrote this silly ditty about Robert Mueller & I thought you might get a chuckle xxx
Is it about trump?
"Stretching the truth"? When I was a kid we called it something similar... but it was still just lying. Here's to you having perfected the skill! *cheers*
Thank you so much for posting this!  I missed it live and for some reason it didn’t record so I was very sad. This made my morning!  Please get the word out that 2020 should have Biden-Obama  on the ticket. It’s legal, &  it might save what’s left of  our country.
What’s left of what’s wrong
You failed being funny when you got so political. Covering for her Heinous and YOUR crimes?
BRILLIANT!

A monologue on Trump and Mueller ...now that's going out on a limb..Do you have writers or is this more copy and paste? Late Night shows are embarrassing themselves..
Elating, as usual.
What would I do without you?
      
Top notch monologue! Probably one of your best!
Love you @StephenAtHome ! LMAO
Even though I KNEW what was going to happen behind the shipping containers, I still laughed out loud.
That profile pic of a hairy Colbert kissing is kinda creepy.
You have a show?
King of the monologue except on Sundays. That goes to @iamjohnoliver

A delightful morning snack, eat up everyone! Enjoy this, have seconds.
I remember when you were really good, speaking truth to power instead of getting in the middle of their tantrums and taking sides. #JustSayNo2corporatedems
I wonder....

If he peddled this great lie of our time, what other lengths would he go to?
I wish I could watch the late show in the UK
