Big show tonight on @seanhannity! 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
I think I sense sarcasm- but I’m usually wrong about that stuff!
BREAKING: Michael Cohen's previously unnamed third client is Sean Hannity. 

Watch more from @Tom_Winter
Sad, the little man has nothing better to do but hit his coke button until his buddy, Hannity, comes on to blow smoke for him.  Get a life!
Big Show is on Hannity? YEAAAHHH!
The President of the United States is doing ads for Hannity. Good grief.
I think you're a prick!
I can. Probably forever too.
I think that’s pronounced Shew!
What he's going to perform fellatio on you on live TV
Oh shit
@realDonaldTrump What about the #bestpeople from the #bestschools?  Maybe only best High Schools? @seanhannity never made it through college!  #ShutUpAndAdviseThePresident #Genuises

Crooks gotta crook.
#PandaProstitutionExpose ???
Since the courts accept that Hannity is a client & he claims to have never paid for services, than Trump & his surrogate, Cohen, have been gifting him services. That undisclosed beneficial relationship is outside the standards of professional  journalism even for  Rupert Murdoch
Does that clown work for Fox?
You’re like a little gossipy girl.  Are you sure you’re a man?
@StephenAtHome Sean Hannity was just using a lawyer that allegedly  specialized in real estate money laundering and paying off women who had  sex with his clients. And then there was that other thing. Nothing to see that Trump hasn't already seen.
If only you would stop being the TV guide!!!...
A new online secret of making $150 per week for 55 weeks sound good if you are ready to take the risk of investing in this wonderful opportunity details will be send to your email if you are interested 

Note—A one time fee of $200 is needed to invest
You dont have to work just
Dude nobody cares that Hannity had Cohen as a lawyer, except snivelers like you and Maddow. Carry on though, you look like a fool.
Is it a confession?
Maybe Hannity's Real Estate discussion with Cohen was on how to buy a house for Hannity' Paramour???? Allegedly!
Instead of doing that, How about I watch your show tonight and your interview with @Comey
Why do you like him
This is gonna be awesome.

Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy!
A love fest?
If Hannity says it was just real estate advice then that’s ALL IT WAS! He just needed help paying off a house. A brick house... mighty mighty...
Maybe they’ll have a new trump tower Meeting
This is the president speaking! Really addressing the nation! Begging you to watch Hannity! Would be funny if it was so desperate! @maddow @Lawrence are much more news oriented than Hannity.
Me too...
.@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity
What is it with you two parasitic c*cksuckers?
Are you showing the Russian pee pee video staring the POTUS?
Bigger show in court room when them documents and tapes revealed?
Question is Cohen making  payments to keep Hannity on the Trump train.
I can wait not to see Hannity!
Turns out Hannity was paid hush money by Cohen too. He couldn’t stand listening to him.
Careful. He has a good lawyer.
LMFAOOOOOO He really tweeted that dead DEAD
He'll probably talk about the dangers of meerkats
Much better than your boring show
If it wasnt for  President Trump your show would have been cancelled long ago You have the morals of a porch monkey

Oh yeah - I stopped everything for this. Well, actually I'll watch the low-lights on @colbertlateshow  !
Dam! Stephen   U.    R  One Sexy ass woman Wh  U.  Located  at sweetheart?
I just heard on FOX5NEWSNY that he was the mystery client. Thamks, I'll be sure to watch.

That would be Fox News every morning allegedly  #stephen2020
@seanhannity
"I did not have attorney-client relations with that man."

#SeanHannity
#Cohen
#MichaelCohen @MichaelCohen212
I think Roseannes on at 8:00... so conflicted.
Fox News Welcomes Theodore Roosevelt to the Fox News Family.
Ack! For fine reason your show did not record because it wasn't listed on the cable guide today. Please post open monologue On YouTube or here!! Eek eek!

Tick tock
When you meet with Jon Stewart, can we have a group spoon? please!!
I wonder how Sir Donald, or President Donald, or Mr. Trump will get re-elected by himself...he'll have a lot of contributions for his tax cuts, US Marines will vote which ever way we're told.. as in the first election....but in the mean time: who else votes?
Welcome to the circus!
His intro was the worst hannity is so ... NVM propaganda TV at it's finest
omg, wtf
If @realDonaldTrump was a "real" Disney character the lives of Billions would be so much more predictable.
pvr. set
Will play catch with softball.
You could learn a thing or two or 1000
Hannity preparing his signature ‘car crash of the week’? Metaphorically.
Mala onda con la guerra.
"Better Call Saul!' or I know an ex-Assistant County Attorney with a bit of a crack habit, he also drinks a lot, but he only cooks meth on weekends. My bad. He lied. He was never an ex-County Attorney, he had a fake ID. I'll Give @seanhannity_Fox and @realDonaldTrump his number.
You mean "mystery client number three"?

Sorry, #Fredo number three, joining @EricTrump and @DonaldJTrumpJr
I can’t wait to see the parody!
Bet more people will watch it than watch your show!
The material just writes itself some days.

for someone who says he doesn't watch much tv he sure is a good tv program reminder must be the hair
Yes but will he cover the Cohen trial?

@StephenAtHome it was torture!!! I don’t ever want to watch that shithole again!! @seanhannity
Wait, I'm confused.
Is this the
Hannity gunna be asking the hard questions like, “How are you SO amazing?” “Why do you think you are the greatest president ever?”

You can't make this stuff up.
I can’t stop!


Hee-Hee 

What is a pedivore?
Preview of Hannity 
So relieved the President can let me know what to watch on TV. I’m too busy doing MY job.
Hahahhaha
I can’t. I just can’t.
It was Hillary’s fault!
This is the literal definition of State sponsored media
It will be fun watching #hannity prove evolution as more evidence drops and his story goes from: homo IdidntHireCohen to homo IdidButBenghaziUraniumEmails.
Lol I swear Shephen makes me cry out laughing every time
Watching it right now. I feel like @AlanDersh is a little jealous that @seanhannity took Cohen to the prom instead of him...
Can't believe that Tucker Carlson ends his show saying, sworn enemy of lying. That's hilarious


Hey can you consolidate your monologue into one YouTube video? You know us old people are asleep by the time you come on. I watch it before I go to work in the morning. You're a funny man. I can't imagine starting Monday without Last Week Tonight.
Yippee! Is Dolt45 resigning??
And miss @maddow NEVAH!!! Her A block is  and !!
Is this the president or TV Guide?
It's crazy. This is why the world makes fun of Americans. Freedom doesn't look like a commentator sharing the same lawyer as the President. That looks like a dictatorship. Hannity easily could've made a disclaimer. #PopFNCBubble
A comedians smorgasbord 
It’s going to be slap ass funny.
I can’t wait for the View tomorrow.

Will he b mentioning his attorney?????
Going to watch that  SOB
@seanhannity Tonight looks something like this... @FoxNews not really news at all.
Oh we will be watching the moron too! #Don'tdrinkthekoolaid!
lol
No kidding!
He has been drinking green beer left over from March 17-this could get ugly. I mean uglier than it usually is.
HAHAHAHA
Lol Mr. Colbert!
Donnie and Sean holding hands, slipping down the street.
I wonder what it will be about.
Stephen, you're gonna have to start doing live shows!  The pace of stories breaking during the day is incredible!  Just when you think there's a break, here comes another one...and another..and another......EGAD!!
Hahaha
Oh, Stevie, record the whole thing and go for a nice massage.
Massive fodder!  You might want to take an antiemetic beforehand!

And we can't wait for you!
Can’t wait to se what @StephenAtHome has to say about it!
oh boy we’re all A-BUZZ just like geo stephanopolis’ interview...
not
No doubt some great show fodder
He's already denying it.  Can't wait to hear what his actual deal was with Cohen.  We see what he did for the other two.
Mr Thumb gets into a jam! Details at 10
I am sure it will be a fair and balanced news report run by the trump state media.
Holding your breath we’re sure!
Well, Cohen definitely has a type!
Anyone up for a game of Cards Against Sean Hannity?
Only if they fire him.
State-promoted, State-run media, #FoxNews
Discussing lawyers maybe
Me either! Think they’ll be recommending lawyers who offer services for $10 or less?
   
I wonder if his going to talk about the third client of Michael Cohen??Shaw Hannity
Huge,
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity if only he knew Michael Cohen to get his side of the story, but I’m sure Hannity is not stupid enough to defend Cohen n not disclose he is his client
Doesn’t the president of the United States have more important things to do than tweet? About Hannity’s show? And if he doesn’t, shouldn’t he? @realDonaldTrump
To be fair, he is multi-tasking, knocking out executive time while getting ready to golf at Ma-a-Lago...
For once, my tv will be tuned to hannity rather than Rachel at 9 pm. (While, of course, Rachel gets dvr’ed).  Anyone want to bet how long into his monologue Hillary’s name will come up?  I’d say the over/under is 90 seconds.
The jokes write themselves!
Bahhhaaa!

Hahaha, self promotion or self defecation on the show the Dementia Donnie?
#circlejerk on fox


Or what’s better known as, “THE CHEATERS CLUB!”
cohen doesnt represent him he fixes things for him....
What’s happening at 9?
Ahh so we get to hear more of your famous “fake” news
Let me guess. The topic is attorney-client privilege. Or the three-way involving himself, Cohen and Trump (for which they're claiming attorney-client privilege).
These are the times I'm glad I DON'T have cable!


Oh his arrest...live...at 9!!

Hopefully  @realDonaldTrump and @seanhannity will both resign on the same show, now that's great television.
Did Trump really advertise a TV program? The man is batshit. Totally and completely berserk. Reserve a room for him at Bellevue and call the folks with the straight jackets and hypodermic needles to come and take him there, forthwith and post haste.
Sometimes I start to reply to one of your ridiculous tweets and halfway through I stop because you’re just not worth it.
You have lot's of material to work with, brother! Each day the news reveals more liquid gold. #ourcartoonpresident

Does Cadet Bonespurs get paid for advertising for Fox?
Will @realDonaldTrump reveal where he will be living while under house arrest? Florida or New York?
Jr crooks time
I actually watched the "Hannity & Holmes" show a few times 18 years ago.  It was so obvious that it was staged & faked.  I think I will wait for the monologue of comedians for more truth, like Stephen Colbert.
I just love you.
Shameless
State tv no thanks
Swapping lawyer stories?
Yep.  Tales of attorneys that refuse representation - Part I.
Tonight 9pm on @seanhannity #hannity
How awesome is this they are turning on each other! Lies and cheats do eventually show it's face. No Shame!!!
It is illegal in high standard countries for a leader to advertise for a TV program.

I need s good laugh
Hehehehehehe....
Wonder if Fox News casters reputation will ever make a come back after Trump's finally booted from Office? Or if they'll be hired to show the future Hunger Games, sorry. I ment future United States.

Oh please....
I'm busy, been lied to enough by @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @ScottPruittOK @GOP @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins u get it.....on and on..... I will be dedicated the a real journalist @Maddow because she deciphers the Bulls**t for me and I believe what she says.
There always is!!
@seanhannity

A thought. When DJT takes Abe golfing at his “private club” does DJT expense the golf event and dinner to the USA? Needs receipts
Whoooohooooooo!

