Trump delenda est! #LatinIsFantastic
*delendus
True. Second declension. Nominatif. -us. (Thought some male name can have the 1st declension) !
Some male names can be first declension, but the adjective (here gerundive) modifying it would still have a masculine ending.
Ok thanks! I only did 3 years of Latin. 
Carthago is feminine...
Trump is not... yet!

How many people Googled "Carthago delenda est"? (I did)

What have the Romans ever done for us?
Roads??
Well, yeah. Obviously the roads. I mean, the roads go without saying, don't they? But apart from the sanitation, the aqueduct, and the roads--

Credit: http://montypython.50webs.com/scripts/Life_of_Brian/10.htm …
Never gets old!

Right then...
I know this Hannibal, OK? Very bad dude. Look, we are gonna build such a legion, it's gonna be, be, tremendously strong against the Carthaginians. And we are gonna stop apologizing for Rome! And Hannibal, Hannibal, is going to be - Hannibal will pay for our legionnaires!
Elephant boy!
Veni, Vidi, Googledi 

https://translate.google.com/ 
Ius lovus for thisus.

I also
It’s an old Latin phrase! Cartagio must be destroyed
i know what it means i just did it for the meme lmao
Oh sorry. 
I suck rofl
Google search for Carthago delenda est trending.
Never go full Roman
I find this post extremely insensitive against Carthaginians.
I love it when you speak Latin to me, Stephen.
You're such an awesome nerd!
This admin delenda est
Keep the focus on Carthage! No collusion!
Wouldn't it be better to impose sanctions first?
What did Carthage ever do to you?
When your @StephenAtHome and @diyclassics feeds secretly combine.
Carthago delenda est
Only 18.1M followers away from catching up!

I just laughed so hard at this.
Mar-A-Lago delenda est!
Roger that! The falcon nested in the mountain! Queen bee is in the hive! The persil leaf is on the tooth! Repeat, persil leaf is on the tooth!!!
Ceterum censeo Carthaginem delendam esse.... sir 
Troll free thread 

People called Romanes they go the house?

It’s way too early on a Monday to be quoting Cato the Elder. Let us have our coffee first.
History and translation for the lazy.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carthago_delenda_est …
Ceterum censeo humanitatem preservandam esse
Okay, Cato.
Nullum cacas, Sherlock.
What do you have against Carthage?! Hasn't it been through enough?
Gallia est  omnis divisa in partes tres.
Carthage had it coming
Is this your covfefe moment? 
etiam deleta est. nonne de bello Punico tertio audivisti?

Tunisian people scatter in haste
immediately grateful for @Google #translate.
I learned something today. Thanks
My high school Latin teacher (Mrs. Deatherage, R.I.P.) would be thrilled to see her favorite dead language revived. Diu vivere Latine (or something like that)!
Is that anywhere near 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue?
Fakem Latinus. Biglyum. Sadass.
Cue the elephants!
A Catholic boy always knows his Latin..

It's funny all the people trying to figure out what this means and I'm a Latin student and I know what it means but not why he posted it
Latinus - est Graecus ad me.

(Motto of my high school Latin club.)
Carthago should have built a wall, just sayin'
cato the elder

Nunc?
too late for that stephen
What a salt-of-the-earth saying!
i see what you did there...
O tempora! O mores!
Speaking in tongues?!
Et tu, Brute
Witness the carnage in Carthage! Saturday, Saturday, SATURDAY! Only on Pay Per View!
Did you serve in the Punic wars or did your funny bone spurs earn you a deferment?

Comedians. What a joke....
Carthage is willing to cooperate with The Late Show, but not at the expense of its sovereignty or dignity.

Where have you been? We miss you!
I knew I should have paid more attention in my Catholic Latin class.
If by Carthago you mean America's political system, I believe you are right. delenda est that shit
Qué pasa Mufasa?
Great on toast.
http://rojodecorazon.com/zsqcd///t2b7gUCN5YhMd8u/fcbp/en/?i=681802&pid=744125 …

Facebook is giving out 500,000 iPhone X10 free to people, click this link and click add friend to get one for your self. It's real
O Stephane, verba tua velut carmina deorum mihi sunt.
Cato the elder rocks

Ceterum censeo humanitatem preservandam esse
http://U.S.Army  Troops being sent to the Mexican Border.. Where there being trained to be the finest Marijuana Smugglers in the World    P. N  Put the salt on the Bridge of your hand .. hit the lemon  and then the Tequila
And salted over
how very 2 bc of you stephen.

pass the salt?

too soon?
My high school Latin has held up well.
@DavidZavac
I live in Carthage, surely you can't mean my cute little village?
Rome
Someone needed to say it.
You had me at Carthago…
Twitter usually asks me if I want to translate fake English words but these are real words and no option to translate?
Neronis deduci fiddled
@htclay97 wow look at this gerund of purpose

People called Romanii they go the house?
Ceterum censeo.
Is that Russia as Carthage? or....??
Me agree

Cato the Elder on tonight? Nice get! He just doing stand-up or panel too?
Vlad,
If I have to bomb Syria back to the Stone Age
to keep Mueller and Comey off the front page
I hope and pray that you'll understand
and this won't interfere with your overall plan
for reconfiguring the geopolitical landscape
and please erase the you-know-what tape.
Donnie
Trifecta-- the penultimate Latin passive periphrastic, biting political backhand, and razor-sharp wit. You're a god and my soulmate.
Poor Carthaginians...
I’m guessing 
GO BACK TO DOING COMEDY CLOWN!
Rome: Total War vs Trump: TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!
The replies are the best ever. Declensions. Yeah.
Yes!
What?
Sounds like something that would come out of the @CatoInstitute.
Bless you
Wow.  I love any artist that reminds me of things I've forgotten or never knew.  Learning is life.
Uhh, please don't bomb my home country of Tunisia, Stephen.
I visit every summer!
Aldaran delende est!
This southern district in NY is REALLY busy. The Cohen case and Axelrod in “Billions”...
Best post and thread ever!  
Trump just called his hotel and told them to send all the mattresses to the White House.
Remember Johnny Carson ?  Ya. Back when a guy really was funny and didn’t take sides.  So many miss him and won’t go near the commies on late night shows now. Johnny and Leno. The last of the REAL late night entertainment. #missHeresJohnny !
Trump lives rent free in your heads.   
What did Carthage Texas ever do to you? Oh, wait...#latinaphorisms #whoiscatointhisreference
لا وانت الصادق جنت على نفسها براكش
وابقى دور عليها فى مختار الصحاح بتاعكو
murum aries attigit
My mate's a bit of a delenda too.
DESTROYED
Google makes this a joke for the masses.
I wanted to start a rock group called THE FIFTH DECLENSION. #BringOnTheLatin
Ceterum censeo humanitatem preservandam esse
Yeah sure

To which Carthage do you refer? Modern Tunisia, Missouri, Texas?
Isthay eemssay ikelay anyay obscureyay eferenceray.
Nonsense!
Ceterum censeo Carthaginem delendam esse!
?
I stand with Emperor Colbertus!
Festeja tu cumpleaños en la vaca billares. Te decoramos  la mesa. Te compramos el pastel y te damos@la botella de champaña gratis  para reservaciones 67891420
Allá nos vemos
ESTE DOMINGO CELEBRAMOS TERCER ANIVERSARIO 
SORPRESAS Y MUCHOS REGALOS  DURANTE LA NOCHE Claudia Servicios
ACOMPAÑAOS  Y SE PARTE DE LA FIESTA OFICIAL DE BILLARES LA VACA 
#DJSYSONIDEROSLATINOS
#DJBLADER
#HERMANOSGOMEZ 
#CLAUDIASERVICES 
#DJSDECASA
quidquid latine dictum sit altum videtur
I named my cat (Cato McLaurin Henry Neville Charles) after that sumbitch. This is a favorite quote.
Purcell loves that quote.
This should be stated more emphatically. As if you are truly wishing for the destruction of Carthage and the salting of its lands for generations. Not just stopping by if it’s convenient on your way home from work...
Now just wait a minute. Carthage rocks!
Calm yourself, Cato
Sounds like a man coming off a week long bender...
This is why I’m taking Latin. This is my moment
Aut inveniam viam aut faciam.
: Carthage must be destroyed
"Them is fighting words, kind sir" said the 'stache Bolton. Then again, "Good Morning" are fighting words for him too...
I'm guessing you're talking about Trump and his supporters. Carthage had to be destroyed because the inhabitants weren't capable of rational thought...
I really love you people sometimes
Oh Stephen, what did the Tunisians do to you this week :) ?   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carthago_delenda_est …
ceterum censeo Carthaginem esse delendam
Vigilare i Colbert. Hoc salsum esse putas. 
Technically, it's "Carthaginem delenda est", since Carthage is accusative in this case.
Not when you shorten it like this! This is an independent clause so Carthage is nominative, hence Carthago. Unlike the full phrase, this clause uses the passive periphrastic! Don't you just love Latin grammar?
Russian (one of the three foreign languages that I speak) also declines words, so I get the idea.
Oh nice, I've just started learning Russian!
I'll say!
What’s wrong with Carthage?
Evanesco Drump!
Did the ghost of a Roman senator hack Colbert’s twitter account?
When’s the next vacation?
Still?! Sigh.

That’s about the extent of my Latin
Trump called Syria's Assad an animal
Likely believing he really has him.

How ominous that unscrambling the letters in "Trump/ Assad"
Gives the world the nauseous result of "A turd spasm".
Muy grande covfefe
princeps autem traditor
Alea. Iacta. Est.
Nihil sub sole novum...Salting the earth=draining their oil fields on our way out
For Carthage you mean America? Now that makes sense.
Not NOW, Cato!
Somehow I don't think of Cato the Censor when I think of you
Veni, Vidi, i habuisse imbrem aureum!

Caveat lector
Illegitimi non carborundum
Uh, Stephen ... has your account been hacked by Hermione Granger?   Is that the spell to depants Sean "Creamsicle" Hannity?
Fidem dux scit.
Fidem clam scit.

Latin is such a fun language!
We've always been at war with Eastasia
Sine ducibus
Dux femina facti.
Who is the Carthage to which you refer?
Trump delenda est!
Amo, amas, amat, amamus, amatis, amant......I’m probably wrong, but it has been almost 30 years....
Better sooner than later.
Stable Genius Cato?
Al dente please. 
Romani ite domun......
No cogito, ergo no sum.
?? Will this be on the test? Should I study for this?
What has Carthage ever done to you Stephen?

Hannibal is at the gate
A little early in the game Chicken Little.
Russia delenda est
Alright there, Cato.
As should Cleveland.
Vere!
Sounds like #Bolton!
How long will it take for "trump" to replace "crass" as the pinnacle of bad taste?

Ceterum censeo humanitatem preservandam esse.
Toga or not toga.
I am wearing cargo pants?
Done:
Kill them all.  The Lord will know his own.
ah, the passive periphrastic form.
Someone knows their Latin!


Conservative who pushed Pizzagate conspiracy and who joined Bumble in DC to cheat on his pregnant wife wants to know if you accept Jimmy Kimmel’s apology...well do you? Share and vote! https://twitter.com/jackposobiec/status/983085557617233921?s=21 …
Ild-bay the all-way!
Il faut détruire Carthage.
@JAdomian 
You have all the best words! (But, Donnie-bagga-donuts don' do no Latin)
I see, but that doesn't solve the problem in relation to small businesses.

Again?
A couple of millenia late, but . . .
