Interview/conversation with Sean Penn was fascinating. Love when Cobert gets his guest in the groove. Great piece.

What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
 
Why is everyone missing that Donald Trump, in admitting he is 'DD' in the settlement agreement, admitted that he is definitely guilty of obstructing justice (he earlier lied about not being DD), illegal campaign contributions, conspiracy to commit fraud, etc?
Same wave length. Just watch it, one of the best. Oh how I'm miss Obama & I'm British.
About a year ago me and my family knew nothing of American politics or any shows but then America elected Trump and now we're hooked to this Real reality show and of course all late night shows. 
Sad but true. It's like a train wreck, you just can't look away. AND HE'S EVERYWHERE! Help us! 
the big canary wants to know if you masturbated during the interview. You must try to protect the fake news operations of CBS - they give you your marching orders to slam the King Trump. Did you ever fornicate with a porno actress to appear on your show?
You're gross and you must be Russian. Americans don't talk like that.
Sean Penn is a mess.
About a recent tweet about you & CBS censors.  People being people can be wrong about good folk & equally wrong about bad folk because folks change; they’re not guaranteed to remain the same.  Hope for the best, but keep working for healthy progress, right?
Usually in bed but now your show got me up! Great show and great job!
Incase you have free time. Lol
Your comedy soothes the soul. Grateful!
The Late Show died with Carson and Leno, you couldn't pay me to watch now.
DO NOT WATCH THIS POS
No thanks.
@MarkDice did a good video on the interview.
Why don't you get a backbone
Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
Only fries  remain yummy .  Cheesy, truffled, sweet potato,  chickened,  carroted, or nacho plus; fries  rock, constantly change, & still remain yummy .
Rather watch Roseanne
WTF you let a druggo onto  your show and then u let him smoke great role model unbelievable
Oh thank you  I really needed a good laugh.
Who cares, you and Bob Saget Both have molested vulnerable journalist girls, using your likeness to take advantage of them behind close doors.
Way to assume I’m looking for it.  But I’m not.
Thank you...(dot dot dot) for putting your crappy musical guests at the very end of your show. It’s much easier to end the recordings. No offense to you, you are genius. Whoever schedules your musical guests should be required to listen to them BEFORE booking them.
Not really pal. What a mess your show has become!

It was a joke as is your show...
I call this DESPERATE ratings vs CONCRETE
Does it take 60 minutes to describe a 60 second fling?
<3 I missed it
Good looking out 
Nooooooooooooo. 
I just saw it.
I'm looking for a few gallons of extra strong brain bleach.


TMI. Waaaaaaaay TMI.
Awesome!
I find the best place to look for it is Monday.
Ratings ...surprised you would bring that up. find any writers yet or is it more copy and paste ??
To little to LATE, you are LATE to the party, and as much as I'd like to talk me, I have to go. See you LATEr.
No
Hahaha U need to throw a party for Trump n the gang they brought u back to life again very funny AJ @ajsileo914
lol, thanks for sharing
Nope. I wasn’t. Sorry! :(
Thanks Stephen, how did you know?


Okay

