I could see Trump stationed across a table of Girl Scouts, "Our cookies are better, the best cookies, nobody does cookies better then us!"....
What's up with this Stephen??
Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
Oh!! Colbert!! Yea, he's one of them.
People have noooooo idea how long the Rabbit hole goes. It's pretty scary. It's stressful being woke!!
Ddddsand Ayttyyyyyhhhhg
Want to know what Trump's favorite movie is? Wall-E.
is there a gofundme to impeach President Spanky?

What is going on here!! Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. Luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
#FoxNewsatnight…
Happy to report that $308 has been raised toward the $400M border wall goal on GoFundMe!
You know what's funnier than that? McCabe has a Go Fund Me for his legal defense. Here's a man, he and his wife, who made millions off of the Clintons, and they're asking for public help? I think he needs a soap on a rope fund.
Check out @James_K_Bryson’s Tweet:
Retweeted Whaa!bulance  (@larrycraft57):

What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it. …
There is one good thing about only being able to afford military is that you have to cut everything else obviously including the Pentagon he should have considered keeping his friends taxes just to pay for the wall
Flaw for President!
It’s working! Flaw has almost met their goal. They’ll be on the road soon! 
Bonetown 
SIGH..."Father, forgive him.  He knows not what he does."  This presidency will indeed be one of the most memorable in my lifetime...and not in a good way.
Oi, you could have gave them the last $2500 and have the drive t the shw, @StephenAtHome, you know it is right!
You COULDN'T make that up!


Lmao
Did you know Deathgrind is an actual genre of Metal? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deathgrind 
They need to do something about our public water infrastructure 
Water not poison for our American family
That’s President Trump.
But Stevo...you make up almost everything you talk about and broadcast.  Gonna catch with ya.
#Retweet A lot 

Holy Smokes - 
HOW QUICK THE TIDE CHANGES 

…

Not sure how to feel about the fact that I've known of Flaw for over 15 years.
WHAT!!? You are Brilliant!! Go to bed with you every night and enjoy every minute! Only problem....laugh so hard that I wake up my Dog! Keep at it for a LONG time!
Well, now Mexicans know where to go to give their fair share.
God, you are simply not funny Colbert. Writers still on vacation?
We are just one step away from a White House garage sale.
You play jazz flute?
Hmm I see a "Flaw" in your argument Stephen :P
We sooo need to go fund Melania’s Wall.
I am sure that Eric can handle that job!
“Who?” -Trump

Never ceases to be something more bizarre than yesterday w/this admin. People are starving, dying b/c they can't afford health care and somehow an impossible wall is what citizens are supposed to invest in.
@RickGrenagle @zebracious65 @JerryattheMovie -- y'all see this yet?
Love you 
You're helping us all cope
While the country unravels 
And they try to goose step us back in time to the tune of their dog whistles
That you resonate w so many gives me hope that good people still exist
Need to start a Go-Fund-Me campaign  to produce Beyonce Bite Me lunchboxes.

The bottom outside- picture of her and Jay-Z .
The top outside-picture of her with caption "Bite me"
The inside cover picture of her with the bite marks caption " The 'wich is crazy".
Holy Guacamole this is hilarious!
Thanks for the awareness! I will be donating!! Keep these ILLEGALS out of here!!! @POTUS
Perfect-let those who think this is a good idea pay and leave the rest out of it.
Maybe 45 could get @KidRock to do a benefit concert since they support him so much. Roseanne Barr can open for them. 45 could show up and sing BahwitdaBah with them all on stage. Finally, the wall would have a bar tab no one would pay.
You have to book Flaw now. We all have to know.
Ugh. Would like to say I'm shocked but I'm not.
