What is going on here.Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon

I miss when Mr Colbert was kissing my ass on his show, and now that i’m President he’s been acting like a total buffoon. What a hypocrite. SAD!       @StephenAtHome 
Colbert isn’t the one acting like a Buffon that would the toddler in chief on a daily basis.
I wish for days when trolls who impersonated buffoons. Were outed and dragged from their parents basement, forced to get a job to pay for the massive lawsuit handed down for defamation. Let's see if we can make those days happen.
It worked for @IngrahamAngle she’s down to just a couple advertisers not long before she gets canned!
I'll give her a little bit of credit for for letting it be known that she baby comment and didn't hide behind a facade. Cowards like this are like cockroaches, scurrying around in the dark and run when the lights come on.
I know what you mean. I just meant as an example of a troll even a know one getting her comeuppance, is always nice to see.
Congressman: FBI Report Says Andrew McCabe ‘Lied Four Times’ About Media Leaks
I like the melody and wonder  what the song could be if the lyrics had more depth. Overall, it's a good song.
That's exactly what I was thinking!
Trump in his tanning machine
Why did you apologize to Trump and say he was a great President. I never heard a punch line from those remarks. I will stop watching now. 
Why do you let people smoke on your set? You have no control over your people.  Lmfao what a joke!

What is going on here!! Twilight Zone???
YouTube removed this. Luckily a anon downloaded it.  #QAnon
#FoxNewsatnight…
Recall you spending your vacation money on lap dances and frequent trips to Lolita island where underage girls abound ! !
Enjoyed that immensely
Never point finger cause 4 more pointed right back at ya ! You constantly mock trump but you Colbert are a sick perverted freak that people wouldn’t be suprised to know the vile things you hide from public ! Humans are flawed but you go beyond !
What are you talking about?
Have you ever heard the vibrations that made you exhale in love?
<3
Don't miss, EVER!!
Thanks for being so funny
Too late looney don't thank trump conservative don't watch your stupid show

I love Kacey!  I practice my drums to her music.  Love you too Stephen. Happy Easter! 
Please talk in your show about what Israel is doing in Gaza and how are they bombing thousands of civilians!
Was a lovely song/arrangement! I’ve never heard her before and appreciate when you highlight musical acts. Have a great weekend!
How many breaks do you take. All week more reruns. I need more SC.
IDEA for your show-
Love all the politics, so maybe 
you can show some of the funniest political tweets surrounding your topic of the night?? #ColbertComebacks       -Asking for a friend
Hey fruitcake Colbert do you remember This???How you praised trump
Let’s
You suck!

this picture is quite something
its more

She rocks!
Beautiful song. Really impressed with modern country music. Would buy her album as soon as I can. 

Thank you, Steven, you helped me find some of my favorite performers, including @runjewels.
This video is one second too short
I love Kacey, been listening to her for years! She’s one of my favorite artists, doesn’t have a bad song to her name!
I’m too busy burning docs at the soon to be closed Russian embassy
