We get it you don’t like trump what an edgy opinion/thing to say
And you response was???? I live for the day a remaining Trump supporter has a critical debate about facts. I've liked Presidents who do things that are wrong and had to learn we owe allegiance to the Constitution, rule of law and the country - not any President.
I highly doubt you’ve ever held a conversation with a trump person that didn’t end with you calling them something rude and blocking them sweetie
Hey Bucky - I'd be happy to discuss Cambridge Analytica and UK 4 News story and The Guardian story that follows up what Fortune warned a year ago....
What’s your point? Obama used Facebook analytics during the 2012 election to swing the election in his favor. So did trump. What’s your point?
FB knows they are in hot water with FEC and CA tried to play like they fired Nix after the undercover tape went viral Saturdaay. Not just 50 Mill in US also in EU and they have already started legal investigation plus FB may have to pay millions for breaching privacy aggreement.

Shame on you for allowing this to happen under your watch @JerryBrownGov @kathrynbarger @MayorOfLA @lapublichealth @CAPublicHealth @californiapuc @SempraEnergy @socalgas @SouthCoastAQMD …
Yeah, but how many STRIKES before you're OUT!?
Will someone keep track of his errors?  I’m not counting on there being a lot of activity in the run column. As for “hits”—would sticking his tongue out at Biden count?
Scaramuccis is and will always remain a better measure of Trump’s cabinet and staff longevities...
Please, no extra innings .
Yeah and they can make gilded stadium pals and sell them on the Trump website. Oopsie day, mine leaks a lot! 
 so true
Look forward to your monologue every night! Keep up the good work!
I'll take that bet into the 7th inning starch 
Wish we could measure Trump in strikesHe’s OUT!!!!!
Your the best...  Continue to use your 1st amendment right.  At least for a little while each night we can laugh at the absurdity of it all...
Geez! Do you talk about ANYTHING else?!? You’re not funny! Or talented! Or creative! You make like-minded people chuckle. Wow! That’s difficult .
too many errors but not much in the way of balls.
i wish you were funny 
Wouln't miss your show..tape it every night....keep up keep strong.....tick tick can't wait
And, it'll still be too long!
Why, are you planning on shooting them up?
You have a man crush on Trump

Or Altuves...
Yawn
Can any last a full 9 innings?
Nah. Even #45 -- Darth Orange -- will be disqualified by Umpire Mueller.
Good. I see Billy Crystal giving him the old heave-ho, "you're outta here!"
Innings are too hard. The easiest way is in Scaramuccis
A Scaramucci is basically an at bat timeframe.
More like one pitch (fastball) 
Abandonning the "Scaramucci" metric system, moves us closer to measuring everything on the duration of Trump's erection.

WE JUST CAN'T DO THAT!
Not all of us can become nuclear physicists!!!

Innings run a little long to be useful in that regard.
Maybe we should wait until Badminton season opens again and measure their longevity in serves.
Besides, it will give us a perfect excuse to use the word "Shuttlecock," which never stops being a gas.
God knows he has a weak bullpen.
Wouldn’t it be nice if the presidency had the same rules as baseball? 3 strikes you’re out, occasional sacrifice with a little stealing all in hopes of getting home, happy and safe.
Is it 1 strike and your out, or is it 3?
Is Donny Franks making an appearance at Wrigley? Could use a lil whip on my dog!
Or in strikes and balls.
Yeah, that's real funny! You got ANYTHING in the repertoire besides bashing Trump? Bring back Johnny Carson!
I think the only accurate measure is how long it takes for the average dumpster fire to finally burn out.
Lol, play ball!
Yet will still have education and energy heads to insure a losing season
How many innings in a day?
You can’t think of anything else to talk about? The only thing your day consists of is bashing the president. Like we care what a out of touch comedian thinks.
Oh boy oh boy
Any chance you will have some new material coming out soon? Telling the same joke everyday is getting a little stale!
I've been using fruit flies. Very precise, but what to do with all the fruit fly corpses? You wouldn't think that's a problem in NJ, but alas ... 
Thanks to this tweet and all the witty responses, i now know that Scaramucci had multiple meanings
https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Scaramucci …
That will be easier!
You didn’t think Trump was the type to fire? Sheesh
You need new writers.
yes we will
#ChicagoCubs
You are so unfunny. Too old. I liked you more when you were going to get canned by CBS for lowest ratings in history.
At bats, by then.
It's OK with me,
You can Cancel the whole baseball season for lack of interest....

There is a much more interesting game going on & the tickets are MUCH CHEAPER!
Two words... RAIN DELAY. 
Nah. A Scaramucci is still the unit of measurement.
True, but we'll always have Scaramuccis....
@Cameron__Gunn





For when 10-day intervals (“Scaramuccis”) or 1-day intervals (“centimuccis”) are too long.
And your audience is growing like last years NFL following ... lmao
Instead of scaramuccis
We can always use the universal constant of a singular "Scarramucci"
...by LBI's.  Lies. Bullshitted. In.
By RBIs ... Run Before Indictments!
LOL!

That, too :)
WAR as well.
I've been doing that for months. Also measured in dog sneeze intervals, mouse generations, and refrigerator carrot lifetimes.
( rimshot ) every one a Maserati
As long as we measure his obstruction attempts in baseball statistic form
Plaaay baaaaaaall! OK, now throw with the ball.
I’ll go nine innings. I need an internship
That’s it! We need a Tweet clock #genius
When does he tell Pence he is fired only to be told he can't?
I'm done with this 7th inning stretch, time to bring it home Mueller!
You are on a roll  I will make a point of tuning in, this evening.
If the baseball game of the Trump administration goes into extra innings, I’m all for putting a runner on second to start the 10th.
Still waiting on something funny Colbert. Actually, based on this stupid comment, now we're waiting on something logical at the least.
So, still one inning longer than Hillary's presidency? Strike 3 anyone?
Heh
No extra innings please.
I’m usually pretty willing to contort most anything to fit, but honest to God I can’t see the analogy. Any analogy.   . You mean literally.
Still prefer the #Scaramuccis scale better.

Is there a 10 run rule?
I think it would be more like a 4 game series
Haha... I think? No, that wasn't funny.  Are you the comedian?
Hmm
(Whispers to self) Please let him be the Mets.  Please let him be the Mets.
Love the Mets!!
NOBLET for president
That doesn’t even make any sense. At least Jimmy Kimmel makes sense. Northwestern FAIL!!
Stormy Daniels is the new Morganna “The Kissing Bandit”.
and Exit Velocity
So, baseball is less than a Moochspan* away (probably the 50th time some replied with this info)

*11 days
7th inning stretch.
College baseball already started. Pro baseball hasn't get with the times
Hey Batter Batter Batter!!

I measure them in Scaramuccis.
You must have already taped your show tonight since you are tweeting now...lol
When 3 are out, can we switch sides???
Whats the Over/Under on Mooches for next to go?
// Colbert does not handle baseball well, much less when he equates it to politics. That tells you he's just trying, trying, trying...to be funny, and fails miserably! Baseball is different, sports power in every level.
Who wastes their time on Stephen Colbert! A joke!
// You are right! My mistake... so said, Yogi (Bear) Berra.
Watch a “scheduling conflict” get in the way again of @realDonaldTrump throwing out the first pitch of the MLB season. Relentless booing if DT were to take to the mound might have something to do with it though. Nonetheless, his perp walk of shame will come! #trumputin
Still prefer measuring them by “Mooch’s” ...10 days=1 Mooch....

is there anyone funnier / more insightful than you?    thanks for this!
You know damn well that's just being silly Stephen. He won't have any by then.
More like strikes,balls and OUTS
This administration
He could only stay on Trump administration if his head stock all way in and stayed.
*insert clever Ty Cobb joke here*
@Logan1650 this could be kinda fun.
Bompb booomp boompp!! 
Oh lordy. Now we'll get baseball metaphors like pop fly and slider and 7th inning stretch. Oh. Squeeze play. Bare handed catch?
Sessions: too fearful to go to the concession stand.
But I just set all my clocks to Scaramucci time!
It's been more than 3 strikes - so why isn't he out?
Boooooo
Ba da bing!
The Cactus League has been providing exciting play for several weeks.
Curious: How many pitches make up a Scaramucci...? Asking for the Overlooked Narcissitic Asshole, as Opposed to Agolph Twittler! ( credit to someone else, can't recall)
Tesla, Einstein, Scaramucci...
Fungo!
As long as we don’t have to watch him throw the first ceremonial pitch!
I hope he gets the honor! If not still cleaning the swamp!
@DWPippy
?
We are Chicago Cubs fans...
Can't wait!
Ooooh Snap!
Burn.
heh.. measure.. member.. soon...

The ‘Nats are hosting the #MLBALLSTAR game this summer- who’s going to throw out the #firstpitch?
President Pence.
That’s a lot of innings and a lot of drama between opening pitch and the break! #playball 
Please have Beto on your show!!
this is a Good Tweet. good job stephen.
Sure as hell will.

Play Ball!

Baseball... One more topic you have no clue about. Baseball and politics
And it will feel just as long.
Better than the Scarmucci longevity model; at least we can enjoy baseball while we monitor their tenure.
Gives a new meaning to the "7th-Inning Stretch."
Ma hahahaha.   

Hysterical!

You or your writer's brilliance?
That's a long time for any Europeans watching
Can't we just start having hotdogs with our booze?
So the "starters" are slated for 7 innings or so, the replacements/relievers for a couple at most?
Sounds like a ‘home-run’ of an analogy to me
9 Days 
14 Hours
20 Minutes
What a time to be alive
What's the conversion rate from Mooches to innings?
Innings run longer than his cabinet member's tenures. By the time we get to a 7th inning stretch he'll have blown through 3 secretaries, 6 advisors and probably at least one more wife.
I prefer the Mooch.
lame joke, lame-o
And Trumpy Wiener takes the field...  The short stop.....
Wouldn’t that be a postnup
Yawn. Your jokes suck like you do in s men's room stall.

Stephen.....can we get a hang ten picture? All the cool kids are doing it

so far all have been in the 9th
If Trump thought about baseball, he wouldn't grope women. It works for Tim Tebow.
How many Scaramuccis is one inning, generally?
It’s one pitch per Scaramucci, and one Tillerson per strikeout
That 7th inning Sanders is a bitch though.....
I like Scaramuccis better.
is...
was that supposed to be funny?
Well yes it was.
 You are aware that no one has fired or lost more top staff members (the best people) than Trump has in such a short time.
I didn't find it funny.

Hell, might even be able to use the pitch count.
Why
