I don't recognize America. Since when are we so enslaved by lobbyists that our children live terrified?
since when do we not hold our government accountable for creating laws and regulations that enhance and enforce our rights to Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness?
Yes! Plain common sense would be welcome!
This is the daily reality Americans must live in because the @NRA has taken our country hostage
So the shooter is a NRA member?
Why be so purposely ignorant? The NRA is it domestic terrorist organization pushing to put guns in the hands of every man woman and child; so yes they are culpable.
Culpable good word coming from a small feeble-mind. Not one NRA member has been involved in a mass shooting it's all been Democrats.
We tried your way. FAIL. Step aside.
So you're saying to step away from the Constitution.
Yes, sometimes that is required.  Its called an AMENDment.  You know, like Changes and other things?
Remember Slavery?  We used to allow that too; sometimes we later realize we need to re-think a couple things.
It looks to be happening at the graduate building across the street from my apartment at Emerson & Maple
Stay safe.  Can WGN have permission to use your photo on our air?
Yes
Scene from across Maple and Emerson moments ago. Returning to the middle of my apartment. Stay safe everyone.
Hi Bradley. I hope you're safe. Did you take this photo? If so, can we use it for all ABC partners and platforms with credit to you?
yes and yes
Here are students at Evanston High School during this morning's walkout. This afternoon they are in soft lockdown. What the holy hell? #enough
All clear just issued.
MAKE IT STOP. PLEASE.
Still freaked out. My daughter can't talk to me. Told to keep quiet.
No shots fired on campus. It's quiet here. No police. No gunfire. Everyone is on lock down. Your daughter is probably safe. You should hear from her soon.
Praying that everyone stays safe!  Guns should not be controlled, they should be BANNED from existence!!!!!
No time to concentrate on education. Keep looking over your shoulder to see the person who is supposed to protect you is not himself going to attack you. Very scary thought. If there were no guns this would not b happening. There would be normal schools like rest of the world.
agree with you but they'd just use bombs. In hs i had 7 total creditable enough bomb threats to close the school in just my jr/sr yr alone
Marcus,  bomb threats are threats. Any kook can pick up a phone and say there is a bomb somewhere. Rentals. Was there any real bomb. Even though in the USA any threat should be taken seriously. Country is killing itself slowly protecting that unwanted 2nd ammendment.
There was one legit, the others we caught at varying degrees of planning or building. Those were the creditable one. Many more called in.
Yes. There are real terrorists around. But from recent history more deaths caused by guns than bombs. Right? And many innocent children, the future of this country are being murdered. I blame the 2nd ammendment which was introduced to protect public from tyrants. But tyrants rule
Im not arguing that point. I merely said those who are deranged enough to do shootings will move on to something else that will kill many.
You have a point. But I feel bombs need knowledge to make. No? And knives can't mass murder. The killer can be overpowered. But guns, specially the military weapons....
Any update!?!?
Yes... Nothing found. No scene, no victims, no gunman.
Thank God you are home!
You spelled RNC wrong there, Bubbles
How is imposing further gun restrictions going to stop people that want guns for this intent?  If they want one, they will find one.
Yeah! Just like they find guns anyway they can here in Australia! Our gun reform laws have allowed us to live such a boring SAFE life. Ppl in Australia have to google what an AR looks like cause they don't exist here.
300 or less people are killed each year in the US with rifles 4x LESS than kids being killed by drunk drivers so spare me.  And we have a republic, you have a representative democracy.  We cannot and will not be ruled ever again.
so when’s the last time there was a drunk driving incident that took 17 lives and injured 17 others at once, or idk, injured 800+ & killed over 50 at one time? Assault rifles serve ONE purpose: to devastate
On average, about 10,000 drunk driving deaths per year.

I'm not anti gun or pro gun.  I like shooting guns, but I understand the baggage associated with them.  I support the idea of making a decision, and enforcing it.  Stop this middle of the road BS, something needs to be done
I don’t believe in comparing tragedies. Assault rifle stats alone can stand on their own. There is NO need for them. They exist solely to decimate and devastate. 
I won’t be responding further. Bless up.
Respect that completely, and agreed.  Our country shouldn't harming itself.
Hope everyone is okay. Too bad this is becoming normal and I didn’t act shocked when I saw this.
Too bad this was a fabricated incident... Look it up.



My son is safe now - in a lab with his prof. (he's a freshman) ... hope yours is safe too! Let us know.
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
If only it were harder for people to get guns in the first place, then it wouldn't be so easy for them to break the law. It's amazing how that works.
YES LIKE DRUGS! Make Guns illegal  like Drugs and then nobody will have them!!!.......Oh shit wait
Enough is enough! Hope everyone is safe.
So scary.  Stay safe NU and Evanston.

DC -- MAKE THIS STOP
Emergency status not set on emergency site http://www.northwestern.edu/emergency/ 
Even sadder thing is the person who is supposed to probably set the status is hiding under lockdown.
The notice called again-so still ongoing. FYI
And it called again at 318 p - situation still ongoing.
I'm an Aussie and I, unfortunately, read that tweet with the detachment I would have when reading of a weather update.  It's happening too often.
Fear mongering is definitely a problem.https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/ct-met-northwestern-university-shots-fired-evanston-20180314-story,amp.html&ved=0ahUKEwiZpKPhm-3ZAhWLyoMKHfQRD0YQiJQBCCYwAA&usg=AOvVaw3TQ8YYwsCb76OpEWtwgZFz&ampcf=1 …
@NRA, look at this school trying to take away a man's rights! #deytookourjobs
@ABC7Chicago @nbcchicago @fox32news @WGNNews
@cbschicago as well
Thank you! Didn’t realize I left them out 
Wait is this actually happening
No...no, its not. Nothing has been found. No scene, victims, or shooter.
im legit on a campus tour right now wth my dad we just walked around the whole campus wih no idea there was a shooter. wtf
Because there wasnt
Wtf America!!!
My NU student is studying abroad in a “shithole country” right now. I guess it’s safer in a “shithole country” than the USA 
Lol nah we are overreacting
Bug off and get out of my feed. I’m not in the mood for bot shenanigans.
You are complaining about false reporting. No evidence of anything yet we get 3 helicopters and people like you shitting all over the USA as a whole. That is a huge problem.
“No evidence of anything yet” 

yet?

You’re right let’s disregard all of the school shootings prior. JW how many it’ll take for you to be satisfied with the “evidence”?
Dasha....you are extremely naive....That is all.
Thankful this is looking to be a false alarm or hoax (hope I'm not jinxing it).  Can't imagine how scary this would be for students, faculty and neighbors.  Brings back memories of a real event on campus and surrounding towns when I was there -- unfortunately, that wasn't a hoax.
I was a student when Byrdsong was killed. Stressful time. This scare today brought me back.
Wtf are you taking about?  We have concealed carry here and as many gun stores as any; especially in the tri-State area.
@nbcchicago has someone on reporting a person on campus with an assault rifle. Says pics are floating around on Twitter
Nope. Police say it was a hoax.
A hoax with pics?
I was watching the early reports before Police were interviewed...they had callers live talking about it. Glad it ended as a hoax!

Don't worry Trump will run in there.
I am honestly thinking the 2nd amendment MUST come into the 21st century!!!! Where is the common sense?
@PsychWard69
okay good
Stay safe
Stay safe, everyone!
Just in time #nationalwalkoutday  @NorthwesternU
Oh my goodness............ it never stops & soon it'll be someone I love..

#GunControlNow
@Emma4Change
@CNN
I spoke with my cousin brother at Northwestern. Thankfully it was a hoax. Whew!!!
Thank God he’s fine! This is so crazy
Please be safe! I HATE THIS
thankfully I’m off campus but worrying about my lab. My rotation student lives in this building but is currently in the lab.
I hope everyone is safe
Thank-you @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump @NRA @SenateMajLdr @SenSanders for taking such decisive action on protecting Americans from being slaughtered by guns.  Or more accurately, for DOING NOTHING AT ALL.  #AssaultWeaponsBan  #NationalSchoolWalkout
My daughter goes to high school in Evanston and I just got a parent alert that they are on soft lock down. What a terrible world we are living in right now.
Kirk....it's not the members of the NRA....it's the leaders. Good for you if you don't want kids to die. The people in charge at your harmless gun club think differently.
where !?????
Heard by the grad dorms maple
America's become a war zone!
Oh, my ... My undergraduate institution.
Stay safe!
Thank goodness there's someone with a gun on campus. Just scaring away the bad guys.
Professor in tech took my daughter and friends to her office and locked them in until it was over. Doesn’t matter it was a hoax, still terrifying for all involved. #EnoughIsEnough
Please everyone be safe! Sad & crazy sick to see this continuously happening. Please keep us updated.
Location???
Graduate dorm at Emerson and Maple
It turned to be a swatting hoax, Stephen. Thank you for quick response. You would think college students, who ARE adults, would be a bit more mature.
NOT AGAIN
#ENOUGH
Praying for their safety 
All clear called
Damn! Y’all be careful, this shit is getting old!!

@pjmiller633 ???
Fake news as nothing was found.
Chicago friends in the area steer clear.

Evanston and NUPD in the area of Emerson and Maple.  Report of gunman and shots fired in a residential building.  Area checked no evidence of a victim, scene, or gunman found.
Why do we tell people to shelter in place?  Movement is life. Don’t be a sitting duck. Get off campus
Stay safe #Evanston ! 

I hope nobody gets hurt!
WTF???
@finitejess are you okay?
Hey @WalshFreedom show this to those Martians, it may make more sense why students did their walkout @KT_So_It_Goes
@nytimes @BBCBreaking @cnnbrk
Just in time for #NationalWalkoutDay…
Sad thing is whenever I see a story like this, it doesn't even surprise me. I'm used to hearing about it. That is a real tragedy. 

#guncontrolnow
I'll show you a fucking tragedy:
Definitely a tragedy
what a joke this university this. ILLEGALS ARE ON CAMPUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YOU'VE GOT THE POWER!
Y'all retweeted fake news.
The guns are shooting people! Crazy people pulling the triggers are in no way responsible,  this is all obviously the NRA's fault. Lol, idiots logic.
Shouldn't this account be verified?
Hey @Twitter , this isn’t a good tweet to include under “In Case You Missed It”
Buy more guns
Isaiah 8:19 (KJV) And when they shall say unto you, Seek unto them that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that peep, and that mutter: should not a people seek unto their God? for the living to the dead?
OMG
Glad this was just a false alarm...Go Cats!!

Even though this was a hoax I’m glad I wasn’t there to experience the fear. If I was, I definitely would wish I and/or a teacher nearby had a concealed carry on them! Preferably NRA Trained!!
Apparently a SWATting prank. I really think that anyone who does this should be treated as a terrorist. Trace the call back and lock whoever did it up for a couple years.
Yes! Yes! Spread more fear! Pay the price of freedom!
B are you good?
We're good it was a hoax
When will it end? Com'on millennials! Fix this mess we older folk 'civilization.'
I thought Chicago and the surrounding area have really strict gun laws? Oh I guess that didn’t work then. Maybe if we just make more the criminals will listen 
This needs to stop.
We need to #StopShooting 
We need #GunControlNow 
#NeverAgain
#MarchForOurLives #GunReformNow
Hope everyone is ok!
Can we have one solid day where people stop the fuckery and put away the guns?
Libs trying to keep the momentum going
Arm the profs and TA’s?
Call a good guy with a gun!
Just another day in paradise!!

OMG. THIS HAS TO STOP!
Wish the college kids would have joined the rest of the schools and walked out too
Are you STUPID? THE WALKOUT WAS AT 10 AM, HOURS AGO !
Illinois Governor yesterday: no need for gun reform, suck it up Northwestern...
WTF
Somebody make this stop. Oh Lord!!!!!
Gee trump your plan is really working, plus let's show you care and not a G.D. photo op.
THIS CAN NOT BE THE NORM, NOOOOOO
omg I hope everyone is okay
Terrifying. Heartbreaking.
OMG, when will this shit ever stop?!
This has to stop!
Good idea
psych ward in evanston hospital nearby.....
Here we go again
Hope everyone safe!
Liz. Im going to check politico brb
How many killed?
None because it didnt happen
Here is wishing that everyone remains safe.
 be smart, stay safe.
@NorthwesternNYC @NUAlumni
Stay safe everyone pls.
dammit
#EnoughIsEnough of #GunViolence
@CNN
Is this a live shooter situation?
Stay safe!
Wow
@CBSEveningNews
@guypbenson
@ChicagoBreaking
@CNN @MSNBC @FoxNews
We know you are up to the challenge. Come join our team!
