These pretzels are making me thirsty!
Holy crap.
This is funny because you are one of the biggest group think d-bags out there Stephen! This is dangerous to our Republic!
Unfortunately Mr colbert is a COMEDIAN!!!!!!!!
Stephen Colbert WAS a comedian. I was actually a fan of his show on Comedy Central for many years. Unfortunately, he has chosen the path of a poser, a SJW. Really sad to see because he has just become one of the masses of people who lost their funny bone after President Trump.
You are one of the few not laughing, and that’s probably because you’re a Trump supporter. Colbert’s audience has increased 23% since Trump was elected.
Misery likes company? I said I was once a fan. He alienated me to gain The Resistance, mostly smelly kids that live in their parent’s basements. Do these people buy the products advertised because I bet their parents buy their stuff and they probably don’t talk much. Colbert=lame
Yep smelly kids that live in their basement.

And people with morals.
Sorry took so long to answer. Twitter locked my account all day so I could only respond now. That is what Twitter does to Christians who don’t Obey. I have morals as a practicing Christian. I refuse to listen to anyone who will say I’m less of a Christian for supporting our Pres.
I’m sorry, did someone say you were less of a Christian for supporting Trump? For me, it was your generalized mean-spirited labeling of Resistance members as “smelly kids who live in their parent’s basements” that prompted me to question the true nature of your Christianity.
I agree!  Fox News is truly dangerous to our democracy.
Stephen is A WOKE.. don’t be scared. You broke out of the matrix.. keep going. You shocked ur audience 6 days ago
Sinclair got a hand all the way up in that and runnin em like a puppet - oh the humanity!!!
I am totally freaked out by that video. Looking for my blanky. I need to go into my blanky cave and process this. I’m still not convinced I am experiencing a reality that’s not altered by imagineers. 
Hello there, just wondering if anyone is checking to see if Trump Org. or friends are buying up Amazon stock?
Wow.
We might as well say we live in a dictatorship if people are going to be BRAINWASHED 
well gawg damn it! if it's good enough for Russia it's good enough for all. welcome to lil russia 
YOU DO YOUR VERY BEST TO RUIN LATE NITE TV.
Please use this in your monologue. I saw a the piece John Oliver did FOREVER ago anoit Sinclair and am so glad it’s starting to circulate now.
Wow. I really need to wear my glasses...
To the tune of Eric Clapton's "I Shot the Sheriff", here's Donald:

I got the tariff

But I'm screwing those who did vote for me.

I got the tariff

But so did China's president-- Xi (pronounced "Chee")

I got the tariff
But you'll be paying more, you silly Trumpanzee.
yes it is
This video is extremely dangerous to our hypocrisy.
#loser
This is extremely dangerous to our democracy ?
How do I watch your show in West Palm Beach, Florida without caving to Sinclair's WPEC here?  Help!!!
Ptl for Sinclair! Unwittingly We’ve been living under a biased thumb for decades and now the liberal jig is up !
Oh. My. Word. Brainwashing propaganda! When did journalist lose their belief of unbiased reporting?
When they decided their paychecks were important
@WeAreSinclair @SBGC2C fines their reporters for quitting so they can’t just decide to leave. They don’t have a union so their contract is awful.
The cattle have rings in their noses.

these journalists should be ashamed, script news nationwide is a danger to democracy.
this is Orwellian ! Scary, wake up America
we will support you... stay awoke
Just read the script 
Just read the script
Just read the script
Just read the script
Just read the script
Just read the script
Just read the script
Anti Christian bigot
So creepy! THIS is extremely dangerous to our democracy. 
I love your show, but can no longer watch as our local CBS affiliate, @CBS12 in West Palm Beach is owned by Sinclair. They are tweeting as well as broadcasting his propaganda. I cannot and will not support this.
oh snap....theres a gitch in the matrix
Fox is dangerous to our democracy, and that ain't no joke
Funny..... I think Deadspin has discovered the danger that Sinclair is the real culprit, not just the teller of truth.
Can we just raise money to buy these stations back?
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=AyenRCJ_4Ww …
 We are the Borg - YouTube
Hey @StephenAtHome what is the connection between the stations sinclair owns and the amount of trump voters in that broadcasting area?   Seems likely that they are fire starters.
Holy cow thatwas disturbing!
Full disclosure: all Sinclair stations read off announcements like this word for word.  The scary part is The Stepford Wives synchronicity that results from single media empire control.
Democracy requires that we periodically question our believes.  History has shown that what we believe to be true today, does not hold true tomorrow.  Much of today's contravercies are a result of holding on to believes that do not reflect today's nor tomorrow's reality.
This would all be so much easier for them if we still had Max Headroom
WOW! FOX NEWS Is Extremely Dangerous to our Democracy!!!!!
Do I tough?
Jinx
Funny! Fox News is a joke!

Holy crap, when you see your own local news (Portland, OR), the importance sky rockets.
No more than talking parrots.
I can't remember which Asia we're at war with, is it East or West?
Horror. Fascist propaganda.
You are correct when attributing this to fascism, but it is propaganda in the way that broken clocks are correct twice a day...or hundreds of times more truthful than our president.
This is the stuff of dystopian movies set many years into the future. Do you know what this means? We are running way ahead of schedule!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @Variety
Extremely getting a pay check news reporting.
That was extremely annoying to our democracy.
Wow they can do broadway !
I'm speechless! Quick someone hand me a script from Sinclair broadcasting!
At first I wasn't sure if this was left or right, but it doesn't even matter. Both sides been screaming fake news so much I stopped paying attention to whatever came out of their mouths after that.
“Fake News” was created as a distraction by Fox  News - not both sides
Very creepy!
Teeheee.
Wow. . Thanks for sharing. Will try again to get my parents to watch.
Trump is right. Fake news. He just didn’t say which side promotes it.
Grrrreat we fucked
We are now all officially.... dead
When you hear “this is extremely dangerous to our democracy” that much, the phrase just loses meaning entirely, especially the word democracy. I wonder if anyone even knows what that means anymore.
Thought I'd never see something like this in my lifetime. Very frightening!
This this doesn’t affect your community? The following is a list by state and broadcast area of Sinclair affiliated stations: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_stations_owned_or_operated_by_Sinclair_Broadcast_Group …
Stephen is starting to wake up. Maybe starting to think for himself again? Congrats!! You awoke!
They’ve all sold out. They have relinquished their journalistic integrity.
America is marching towards a full-blown autocracy:
Ahhhhh, the smell of eroding democracy in the morning! Nothing like it!
Caught red handed!! Good job putting this together. They are the “Borg”... “resistance is futile...you will be assimilated...”(Star Trek quote for those wondering wtf)...professional broadcasting sheep...
Oh dear Lord! Scary.
This is extremely dangerous for your health
Scary stuff!
What is propaganda, Alex
Sinclair Broadcasting is extremely dangerous to our democracy.
Forego the Coke, it has the same pH as Battery Acid!
They convinced me! Sinclair's "extremely dangerous to our democracy".
How about those who say "sources who were not allowed to speak on the record"?
Back in my day I was not allowed to report without naming sources.
Frightening!
I'm a comedian too. And I was wondering if you could read my manuscript and see what you think?
This is NOT funny.  People who watch this will VOTE.
Danger Will Robinson!!!!                               (1960s TV program Lost in Space Robot Character)
"Play It Again News" ... Actually, it's "Play It Again Fake News". ...
Jinx! You owe me a Coke. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWLjYJ4BzvI&sns=tw … via @youtube
Glad to see you're concerned about the state of broadcast media these days.  A simple YouTube search leads you to LOTS of examples of media parroting the exact same lines.

You still can't identify the problem here. Sincerely: get help.
'Aww... Really? I get your concern with the first link.  Was more focused on the subject matter than which YouTuber had shared it (or swiped it).  Easy to find the true originator.  Conan O'Brien has been producing these compilation videos for years.  Good stuff.
I'm not disparaging the video. We know Sinclair does this. My issue is genuinely with the first video and its title.
Credit to these two would be great:
A chorus of local news reporters reading, word-for-word, from the same Sinclair script to attack the media and defend the President. This is not what an independent media looks like. 
Please put this on the show
Rumor has it all the sinclair sales staff has to read this spot before their sales meetings! 
This is Great! See! don't forget all of the good 
things in life - like a new song!

 "The Thanksgiving Song" 
https://soundcloud.com/jimmytheweed/the-thanksgiving-song-new-mix … …
#newmusic #np
https://www.facebook.com/akmusicscene/ 
Jinx you are a Joke.
Jinx, you owe me Coca-Cola Co.
Omg, we use to say that all the time growing up. Are you from Texas?
That is a thing everywhere.
THIS is extremely dangerous to our democracy!
My dog, Jinx, objects. She never agreed to give you a coke!
This is pretty fucking serious.
And that’s whats I appreciates about you
Don't do that shit
RT @StephenAtHome Jinx! You owe me a Coke. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWLjYJ4BzvI&sns=tw … via @YouTube #news #p2
Holy freaking doublespeak! This is extremely dangerous to our, oh fuck what was that thing we had going on! Defrockracy or something
How about a #DietMugRootBeer instead!
That’s why we rely on you for a taste of reality
Too funny.
Putin and his #MAGAts have fallen in line! #PutinPuppets #MAGA #MAGAtsAreSheep
mindless local news talking heads
sheesh, what you have to do to keep a job!
@FOX61News You are my go-to station for news because you keep it local. But if I find you goose-stepping to Sinclair/Tribune editorials like this we are done, I'll just go to the internet instead.
This seems dangerous to our democracy... #FreeSpeach is a Pilar of #Democracy just b/c DJT doesn’t like it does not mean it is fake 
We need to have #Facts & discussion with both R/L opinion & learn to debate w/o attacking... #WeShouldBeBetterThanThis #truthmatters
The state of affairs of our 4th estate: ... Sad
Sinclair Broadcast Group owns and operates all kinds of affiliates so it can be ABC, FOX, CBS, or whatever.. it’s different in each market. The local producers are forced to air the “must-run” segments you’re referring to.
List of Sinclair stations: http://www.stationindex.com/tv/by-owner/Sinclair …
If only Trump could stay on-message as well as his minions!
.@WSBT  Your station can no longer be trusted in my home. #SouthBend
1: buy failing local TV stations 
2: Fill failing local TV stations with offensive news content and threaten to fire anchors who do not read the exact script
3: ???
4: profit.
Tell @POTUS to leave @Amazon alone about taxes @Amazon hire out of work @ToysRUs employees now @POTUS44
@realDonaldTrump himself is unable to show his taxes but goes after someone else's. He is an extremely jealous man. He goes after highly accomplished men and women. The self-image he tries to portray is like the Emperor's new clothes.
These pretzels are making ME thirsty
What fucking world are we living in, and why the fuck is it allowed?

Holy &$!$!
<3
Yuht...ignore THAT harmony. And the puppet master laaaaughs.
Western media how!,
Oh my God, it’s the Borg!
Everyone..

Lets get #BoycottSinclair #BoycottSinclairAdvertisers trending..

Heres a full list of Sinclair owned stations..

Boycott yours..  Contact them and their advertisers.
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_stations_owned_or_operated_by_Sinclair_Broadcast_Group …
#BoycottSinclair #BoycottSinclairAdverts #boycottyoutube #boycottgoogle #boycottalphabet @YouTubeTV @youtube is with @WeAreSinclair and taking down videos and not featuring them on #YouTubetrending
San Antonio’s @JessicaHeadley_ & @ryanwolf  in this video.  This is why I don’t watch the news. Ugh. 

SA news, Fox & NBC are owned by Sinclair.
brought to you by http://brokenrecords.com 
this is kinda dangerous for our democracy
Yep
More proof that no one on local news is a reporter. They are all moderately attractive actors who fight about number of lines and screen time. Anchorman got it right.

Ideal end game is the end of local tv “news”. Replaced with syndicated sitcom reruns; we’d all be better off
I don't know, I think some of them are more than moderately attractive.
Or a Koch
This was like the old "Twilight Zone" hour.
Stone cold chilling.
What's up, Mr. Colbert! 
"Double" Jinx..."Triple" Jinx,.."Quadruple" Jinx...you get the idea...
Stephen, I've been blocked by @therealroseanne . Can I get some love man?
Oh and that video was very creepy. Kinda made me jump out of my skin. What the hell are they doing! My God!
Like they said... “This is extremely dangerous to our democracy”!
P.S. I have banned ALL Sinclair stations from my viewing.
You think it's bad in USA MURDOCH is a real scourge in Australia we don't have a CNN
Holy crap!  TrumpTV is now officially launched.
Omg!
Those poor ppl have to follow a script or else no job.  Awful. 

That video was crazy good!
Watch the pbs report on the Sinclair merger. Way scarier.

You made me think of this Simpsons scene, which is not a bad thing!
Thank you for keeping it real! Seriously. WTF has the world come to? This is a problem.
Thoughts about Sinclair's latest hire?
Haaaaaaa!
Frightening. Boris Epshteyn Sinclair Chief Political Analyst used to work for trump as something. Now he still works for him as Joseph Goebbels.
I posted it first! You me a coke ! Coke’s gross, I’ll settle for a glass of tap water. Unless... where do you live? Never mind
I need a drink:
Woooooow....
I haven’t seen such synchronization since the opening ceremony at the Beijing Games
They're right! This is extremely dangerous to our democracy. btw .@iamjohnoliver didn't you cover this in .@LastWeekTonight?
Pathetic.  Sinclair is trash.
Everybody is on script!
A very big rum & coke!
Eeeeexcellent Colbert.
That is so "big brother" to watch.
Frightening.
Now there is a Sinclair exec somewhere saying "Can we sue them for copyright infringement"  you know there is, right now, in some dark mirror.
Wow.  Are these really newscasts?  When I was in J-school (where we were on staff for the local NBC station for our adv. reporting class), this kind of opinion-type story would have been chastised by our news director.
The same person, A very big Trump Supporter, owns all of these stations. He has forced every station to read this script. Anyone refusing to read it gets fired.

This might be more than just a coincidence.
RESISTANCE IS FUTILE.
YOU WILL BE ASSIMILATED.

.
Ummmmm 
.

and get Trump to repeat it.

http://pissedoffgrandpa.blogspot.com 


THIS IS EXTREMELY DANGEROUS TO OUR DEMOCRACY.
No Coke, Pepsi!

I miss when Mr Colbert was kissing my ass on his show, and now that i’m President he’s been acting like a total buffoon. What a hypocrite. SAD!       @StephenAtHome 
Perfect synergy for President's Trump's new fashion campaign!
t̟̪̮h̛͙̞̭̠̜͕̜i̴s̡̳͇̗ ̘̥̦̀i̦̘̘̞s͈̩ ̵̲d̮͕̦̭a͘n̖̜̹̦g͟e̛r͓̞o͖͇͈̩u̢̝s ̡ț̙̮̭͖o̸̞͉ ͚̖͉̘o͝u̯̩̻r̵̯ ̢̮d̝̠͜em͖̥̮o̴c͎͙̜̣͔r̘̮̹̟̥̖ac̠͠y

!!!
I will email that to you...

#MAGAtsAreSheep #MAGA

I miss when Mr Colbert was kissing my ass on his show, and now that i’m President he’s been acting like a total buffoon. What a hypocrite. SAD!       @StephenAtHome 
This video be credible if it hadn’t been cut continuously every few seconds to make it appear @StephenAtHome was fawning over Trump instead of simply being polite as Stephen is with ALL of his guest.
Honestly this cut is pure crap. Not only was he just being polite he was being satirical.
I agree. It’s a pathetic attempt to create divisions. For what, I do not understand. Anyone that watches @StephenAtHome knows the truth.

Almost nothing produced by @FoxNews or Sinclair Broadcasting would be considered acceptable content for even a modestly-well-moderated online discussion forum, but would be prohibited as racist, unsubstantiated, flatly untrue, and completely mean-spirited.
