
FU
Walter Payton's last game as a @ChicagoBears was in #Chicago against my #Seattle  @Seahawks in a game the Bears lost, but Walter scored in each end zone and threw the ball into the stands. He was one of the best!
NOT his last game; don’t forget that posthumous blocked field goal to beat the Pack.
So I am getting old, I seem to remember it was. Sorry. But I do remember this game.
I like this man because He is clearing the mess,,,,time to restore where america was
Add Colbert, not funny carrying network water
Hi Steve.  I noticed.
@stevencolbert@lisaling
You are such a silly man! I dont like much that you think is funny 'cause I am a Trump supporter. But every now and again, I actually laugh at your jokes regarding Republicans!
Fridge too
..... and the cheese stands alone 
More people than he hired?
Fortunately, current cloning technology doesn't provide enough time to have the clones fill all the cabinet level positions. 
What we are seeing is the use of "clowing" technology...
Tetter totter governing.  It's a game show with no winners. As a parting gift YOU get a 76 Vega and a years supply of Rice a Roni!!!!
Comey???????????????
Save it. No one cares about your anti American rhetoric.
He has fired more as pres than as a tv guy
It's called "cleaning out the deadwood".
Ugh. Who can recite them?  Thank goodness you are keeping track. It’s dizzying. Like orange vertigo.
So who's name is in the swamp?
He’s not done yet. You will fill that list!
What kind of idiot savant knows the 1985 Chicago bears lineup?
Does that make you Ditka?!
Stephen We do the #MaddowBoard  .. Some say the @maddow wall .. Trump firing them all .. #Pence trying to stall. @mike_pence wife on the wall ... #Maddow dont stall she have them all on #thewall
Time to update your list!
So? Bla bla bla
YO.. You could... errr.. should be next but hey... We all need someone to laugh at.....
You are going to run out of characters soon

Hope Betsy billionaire is next
Yes, I did

Must Watch Late night Show with Trump! The night Stephen Colbert got TRUMPED. #FridayFeeling #SaturdayMorning #SundayThoughts @realDonaldTrump with such wit Libs Don’t Stand a Chance much less a…
Lots more swamp creatures to fire yet. Donald Trump is the best president ever, not bad when all the libs said it would never never happen.
Once again a person paid to be funny-falling short  but showing his ignorance for all the  world to see. Hey Coal Beer, Since you like to study departures the next time you take a dump stand there and analyze the feces. Now that’s funny- rancid beer.
#45 has a higher turn over rate than a white castle in the hood!
Pretend like you care.
Wait ! Sanders name was on that list! Is it true?? Please say it’s true! SHS could really be gone? Don’t tease me ! Make it true!!! 
Don’t get too excited.  Thomas Sanders was an ‘85 Chicago Bear.  

Hahahahaha.

Omg....what’s next on the crazy train!
#americancircus #americandisgrace @WhiteHouse
The President? is reliving his television show instead of being President.  Is this the beginning of his meltdown?? Hopefully yes.
McMaster!
Better than having cancer on your tea, the project of MAGA requires certain measures. No dolling moment guys.
What? You couldn’t alphabetize them?
You forgot Comey...
Yes!
#NeverDJTHRC Morris—President Clinton [Paid] Chief Adviser & Central Force behind emphasis on Family Values—Resigned after tabloid report Relationship w/Call Girl—Orchestrated WJC move to Center—have Clinton Run More as "Pope than President"—moral guide for nation, for teen-agers
OK that was funny

Notice that Ditka is not fired.
Wish you would get fired
Keep my beloved Bear greats  out of your mouth!
Second half of that list is at least proven winners, even if they all couldn't dance very well. #Beardown #superbowlshuffle
TLDR
This is not even funny anymore. Scary
Sanders??? What do you mean Sanders???
This sucks
H Rap Brown and a cast of thousands
Of course I did #sweetness
Love to see the name Trump on that list
I really thought the Bush years were bad.....but this is comedy GOLD!!!!! GOLD i tell ya!!@Dolomiteking
The rest,however, are losers.
No
Rookie numbers. Got to improve those numbers kid.
This is pretty damn funny
..and there will, no doubt, be more!
do not lower the Bears to tRump and his teams level.
1985 was a good year
High turnover always means things are going well 

Ditka vs Trump. I want to see that. #dabears
@nickwiger joke compensation?
It's just bidnass, beyatches.
Interestingly, even Trump won’t hire Ditka.
Winning
Tomzac gave it away
Me me me! #superbowlshuffle
You know how to copy and paste too huh?
The Best. I only hire the Best People.
Of course nobody did, if most people read things in their entirety, we would have a society that would not have elected Trump. (Duh)
#Triggered
We no longer have the attention span to get through this long a list ...
 at this, @BrennaNeimanis.
I thought I was imagining that! Mike Singletary, Mike Tomczak, Richard Dent, William Perry... I'm glad to know having the Super Bowl Shuffle memorized still has some practical application, thanks for this.
And counting...
Just like Barack..lol
The fallen.
We're going to run out of allotted Twitter characters.

Almost as long as list of Browns QBs
Sort of? I knew it was wrong, I just didn't know how.
Rachel’s wall is going to have to get a lot bigger!
OMG that was amazing slight of hand. Do it again!
Yes but it’s still sickening how inept that administration is
Omarosa was a cool transition since she’s both!
You’re hysterical!
Next: Trump
You be ????and inside you no it.
A year after 1984. Makes sense
Reasons differ
I thought these were the @Browns QBs the past 5 years
Where’s his name?????
Please let DeVos be next
Here you go @nickwiger
Ya but does Omarosa really count ? 
u left out Big O ! Wilbur ? cmon !
Has he not gotten to the ungrateful citizenry firings?
Of course I did you fool
This list won’t be complete till it has Donald J. Trump as the last entry. #impeach the #traitor
Hilarious!

Bwahahaha!!!  The Original Shuffling Crew.
I know he has a higher rollover than McDonald's
I’m starting to think he believes he’s still filming the Apprentice the way he fires people consistently. He at least had the nerve to fire people face to face on that show. Now he just fires them via The Tweet.
Twitter has become his “strength”! Take it away from him, & he wouldn’t know what to do next!
I wish they would. The country would be so much better for it.
More than we can probably imagine!
You can't put the Cubbies on blast like that ....they legit won and deserved it... nothing like the tRump-tastrophe our government has become
Not so bad for a guy who only ever worked for (and ultimately took over) daddy’s company before becoming president.
YOU are partly responsible for my whacky sense of humor.
I love this list. This may very well be the 1st president that does not keep people that do not produce results. On the other hand, if they can't manage the pressure, they need to go as well
Trump Accomplishments :
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
. Tax Bill
.
.
.
.
.

I started making Lincoln memes cuz dittoheads are easily fooled by conmen
  I am the conman, not Stinkin' Lincoln. 

BWAH HA HA HA
Didn’t they win the Super Bowl?#tellyourstorywalkingshitdick
"Waka-waka!"
  Da Bears !
Hilarious
Tomczak wasn't on the 85 Bears.
Stupid shit for a President, UN-HEARD OF
Didn't realize that until now 
Colbert, you crazy guy!
Can we turn it into a song like the Billy Joel song "we didn't start the fire"
@AngryGeekDRod
Hah!!
Cleaning the Swamp..? .TRUMP not guaranteed  to provide life long jobs in government !
I did.  Right away, actually.  I’m not sure how I should feel about that...
OMG I love you so freaking much!

I caught it after McMahon....lol
They fired Vince McMahon? You don't fire Vince he fires you
@POTUS is a businessman & this probably how he runs his businesses...
LOL
oh you are good Mr. Colbert, you are GOOD!
@kriz10mckee remind you of anywhere? Lol
lolol “the list”
Now I get why twitter expanded its character limit. Makes so much sensnse now!
You're next!
 yep
Why do you care?
#notfakenews
didn't watch the apprentice?
Are you even an American?
Too bad Trump isn’t on that list.
Who cares we love him and he's going to win again so we don't care if he fires 20,000 more people he's the best
It’s called mass diversion —- look at all the Fuck-Ups not @realDonaldTrump ( #Fuckuptard in Charge)
Nope, That's Not It ....
We’re not here to start no trouble we’re just here to do the White House shuffle.
No Fridge?  Oh wait...Perry...there he is.  :D
This is like a new episode of "The Apprentice" on steroids.  One that we're all unfortunately being forced to watch. #PleaseMakeItStop
I became suspicious at Tomczak.


Twitter is going to need to add characters for all of these characters being fired
Ken
Ryu
Blanka
Chun-Li
Zangief
Guile
If the former Trump Air had this many departures, it may very well have still been in business.  
No cuz i don’t watch sports
Please Please PLEASE can Betsy DeVos be next on the list?! To be honest, I won’t be truly happy until DJT himself is the final name....
Wow. It sure did.
Hilarious and I didn’t
Didn’t they win the Super Bowl that year?
Hilarious!
What about the bears?
I was wondering then Tomczak sealed in. #thanksforthelaugh
But all good people *rolls eyes*
Ya fired...
I noticed the 85 Bears roster.  LOL
Miss the Mooch
yep, and and as an old lady from pittsburgh, was a wee bit proud of myself for catching it!!! (and I'm not really a "sportsing" person!)
Just one big orange asshole to go. #VoteBlue
Can u please also go through obamas to make it fair.    I believe theres more
Should have had the black socks on there instead, think it would have been more fitting
Can you spin a song much like "I've been everywhere man" should be entertaining.
I will wager you could sing those names to the tune of the William Tell Overture.
That was yesterday, you already need to update it, again
@RealBrianCutter
Right after Omarosa!
