Hm...happy and in love for me
This is the photo of Stephen Colbert that I love best.
High school geeky! Wonderful!
Rugged and delicious!

Also, his wife is divine.
Lovely couple.
I have such a crush for both of them.
Good looking couple.
Oh yes. 
That pic miiiiight have a touch o’ Norman Bates to it. 
Or making anyone that happy.
I had to look at this for awhile to make sure it wasn’t @bobsaget
You look so pretty in that pic I just wanna insert my pikle in your mouth.
Eyelashes are so nice Stephen
Who the hell is happy in their 20s
Apparently i missed my calling to be a news anchor in my 20’s.
Averie, you’re still beautiful.
Thank you kindly!
You have dreamy eyelashes.
I think you got your photos mixed this is Danny Tanner from Full House  #bobsaget #JustKidding

Oh Stephen you are a handsome guy at any age
Am I the only one who thinks stephen resembles Ted Bundy? Sorry Stephen I love you dude!
Wow! Young.
You look like you just killed your first puppy.
Norman?  Is that you?  https://tinyurl.com/y8smuep4 
Your smile holds so much sadness. May you find peace someday
You looked 40 in your 20’s. Love your show!
Bob Saget aged really well
I didn't know you played Danny Tanner on Full House!
I don't remember being 20
We all can't remember those days...maybe on another planet! Keep the love alive, dude!
Remember the old adage; fake it until you make it. If we "do life" correctly, we do get happier as we get older.
I don't remember much of mine :)
Fake news

Hey, you kinda look like Freddie Prinze Jr.
Still good looking
You look like a young Danny tanner
Be nice!
Wow, you were so young before Trump became president!

Were you and Bob Saget brothers? 
I was like, “I follow someone who follows Bob Saget?” 
It was before you sold out and became a leftist shill!
That both half that I just choked on the shot down the throat
You and @bobsaget must have been up for a lot of roles.
You're like a prettier ted bundy
Don't you ever age?
Who did you pick on back then before Trump was  President?
OMG! So those lashes are not make-up!
You weren't. It was the eighties. We were superficial.

It’s Danny Tanner y’all
Leave it to Colbert to share @bobsaget 's headshot.

Wait? What? That's not Bob?
You’re my boyfriend.
Here is my old Head Shop. Am I doing this right? #oldheadshotday
You were not
We were all happy in our twenties. We just didn't realize it until we were in our fourties...
You look  happy! Mr. Colbert back in the 70"s seems like to express an opinion our way was via a t-shirt , bumper sticker or billboard. KEEP IT COMING ! Loao. You ROCK !
It’s kind of hard remembering all those happy moments when they came right after you toked.
Nice choppers.
You haven’t aged a bit Colbert.
ADORABLE!!!
fireee
the gang's all here
may be because you were to high bro ...
Omigod! Look at how bright and shiny you are!!!
Doesn’t surprise anyone you didn’t know you were gay
@bobsaget twin!
You look like an evil democrat
#acting
I saw the photo before I saw the name. Totally thought it was @bobsaget
Is that Bob Saget?
Look at those teeth!
Norman Bates??!!
You look good 
Did you ever go to a bar in Vancouver BC sometime in 1996-1997? I might have met you.
Stephen!! You were kind of a hottie haha!
That’s ted bundy
Stephen you look just like Anthony Perkins!!!!
#NormanBates
still that bright smile
I thought this was @BJCalvillo
Looks kinda like a super sadistic smile "you better make this picture look good.. or i will scoop out your eyeballs and feed them to my cat, forcing you to listen to him munching on them"
You looked disturbingly like Ted Bundy
I wish we could make growing up less stressful,  but then I guess that's what it's purpose serves
Dude you look happy AF! The eighties were dreamy.
Look at those LASHES! They’re like redwoods!
Cocaine is a heluva drug...
Thought this was @connorfranta for a minute lol 
Norman Bates ??????
That’s your evil twin.
You were awesome on America's Funniest  Home video. Pop icon ;)
Vgg uh TV
i thought this was bob saget
Don't give up, some day you will make something of yourself and be happy again.
Does he also teach Michelle life lessons?
Glad I’m not the only one 
Is that Ted Bundy??
So cute
I thought this was Bob Saget oml
You are so cute.
@LeslieeeSays 
Listttttttt
As everyone is saying, you look like Bob Saget and that's not necessarily a good thing
Why do you look exactly like bob saget
Is this before or AFTER you lost the Southern accent? All you are is a sell out poser.
Still a beautiful SC boy then and now! 
Wow back when you had a soul, neat
Hi Stephen!!!....When Trump became president I wondered how I would get through it...It's you that is helping ease the fear & anxiety...you are sooo much fun...I had a great time being in your audience on 4/24/18. Thank you for being you....#likestephencolbert...
You’re a good actor???

That's really obscene!! Cover your Penis up!!!!.......Oh wait, that's your face!!
Was pre "head up your ass"! Sure miss the funny Colbert.
What happened to you? You were so yummy.
Shrooms?
LoL he always looked like an evil android ready to take over the world. But still an amazing #oldheadshotsday
Cute!
Recognized you right away, then thought, wait, maybe it’s Bob Saget? Lol
I thought this was @bobsaget
Tweet I would have sent years ago. That other guy? [Stewart] On that other show? Now he's nuts. But, you? You're crazy! [Glad to see there's truthiness in therapy!] Love your CBS gig!
Haa! You were that happy. Cuz I thought this was Bob Saget. That should make you happy... you are not & waaaay funnier!
xoxo
Was this the head shot that landed you Exit 57? It was a really good shot.
You were Ted Bundy
Does this remind anyone else of Danny Tanner?
Why did you steal Bob Saget’s head shot.
We're you actually Bob Sagat in your 20s?
Totally thought this was Bob Saget...... 

Stephen the answer may lie in the fact that we can't see what your hands are doing in this picture. 
Somanyeyelashes 
I’m sad I thought this was bob saggot
You can't trick me this is Elliott Kalan without glasses
Great acting, Steve!
@becca_porath
Looks like Bob Saget
That’s cause you were acting ;)
I would totally go gay for you.
Bob Saget?
Because you were such a brilliant actor.
Read the book 'Stephen Colbert' by Bruce Watson. 

You were apparently this happy in Chapters 4, 6, 7, and 9.
You & @Lawrence  are my TV boyfriends because I  smart, funny men!!
2wwq
Was that back in the “ Strangers with Candy” days?

you must have me confused with somneone that gives a crap LMAO
Is that @bobsaget #bobsaget ?
Hardly ever see Bob Saget without his glasses...
All that Full House money didn't make you happy?? Wtf man?
Stephen Colbert...not @bobsaget love ya though!
CUTIE
Adorable!  - You have many things to be happy about. Keep sharing the laughter and smiles! 
It's cause douche bags aren't happy people!
That’s when u took cock on a daily basis ! #maga #buttplug #Therealcockholster
I SWEAR I thought this was @bobsaget
I'm so glad I'm not the only one that looked at this and thought it was Bob Saget!!! 

4 all the Dude fams on #OldHeadshotDay... 
Old heads, hot day? Were you making fun of your elders in July when that photo was taken?
Are you related to Bob Saget?
Before Trump, obvious
Is no one gonna mention his eyelashes though??
dont kill me with that killer smile
I didn't think it was Bob Saget
Living in chicago makes us all smile like that.
Really? Nearly my entire 20's were spent being that happy. Of course I was wasted for my entire 20's.
Looks a bit like @Kyle_MacLachlan to me. Love it.
I honestly thought this was Ted bundy I'm sorry but that's who I saw
You were probably high.

Or now, for that matter
You look just like Dennis Lassiter! I bet pLassiteeople stopped you every day to ask if you were Dennis Lassiter. If Dennis Lassiter saw this, he'd wonder when he took that picture.

Dennis Lassiter
bob saget
You make us happy Stephen ..you and your comedy are a service to this country. Thanks for all the laughs.
I was staying with me 90 yr old grandfather who was a med professor at northwestern and when @StephenAtHome was on the cover he said “that is a handsome man.” He never said anything nice except about his 2nd wife.
Were you in Police Academy?
I'm not going to say it's because of drugs, probably cocaine, but if I were to say it, I'd say it on here
  

You probably don’t remember being that happy b/c of the likely REASON you were so happy. When I was 17, I fell on my ass @ 6 Flags & laughed & laughed & laughed - b/c of the Amsterdam hash that made me fall on my ass in the 1st place. (My cousin laughed along 4 the same reason.)
I remember being happy. Last time was in November of 2016
DB cooper
I thought this was Ted Bundy picture for a moment
then again, you probably don't remember your 20's
I thought this was Bob Saget.
Because in your 20s you were  Bob Sagat
Well that's because certain orange men weren't president
You remind me of Bob Saget in this picture
OHH SHITTTT DADDY AFFF
ew
Did you star in Full House?
You look like Bob Saget’s stunt double on Full House.
The Twenties- those halcyon days of not getting laid and not getting paid.
Ah Ha...But YOU are helping us all be happier now!! Thankfully.
I hope that helps you feel better about missing out in your 20s.
:-)
You always looked happy when you played "screech" in saved by the bell......Isn't that you?
You were probably HIGH
