How low are we going to go.#impeach trump
Democracy is
LOLOL 

No of course not, it’s aimlessly walking around with a donkey and tilting at windmills.
I find it weird that he calls the act by its proper obscure name "golden shower", instead of just "pee tape".

"I absolutely did NOT have a Pink Clusky Sandwich with those hookers"

"What's a Pink Clusky Sandwich?"

"Well first you need two hookers with ham sandwiches..."
Obscure? Find me one person over 30 who's never heard the term.
Had to check. It's not just me.
My husband is 100% loyal to me and I have no cause for complaint but even I can't say with 100% certainty that he never had a woman pee on him, even if I asked and he said no. What he does on his time is his business anyway. I'm not his slavemaster. 

think about your weirdest fantasy, then think about asking a girlfriend or wife to fulfill that fantasy for you. Chances are good that men find it much easier to just pay a hooker. Especially powerful men. The more powerful the man, the weirder the kink. true story.
But comedy at 1130/1030 Central on CBS appears to be.
@somehowrelevant wtf is even going on anymore
His 1st 2 wives were beautiful, and that didn’t stop him from cheating
Russian prostitutes are the real leakers here. You're welcome.
It is a shame we have a media and their willing clowns who run with such silly things as pee tapes. He wasn't even in office so why are you so obsessed with his personal life as a civilian?
Its undead.
President trump the urinal puck
Just lost my breakfast over this tweet
Are we talking about Donald Trump or R Kelley?
More like he used poor Melania as an excuse to be super creepy with Comey. Trump thought: “wow if James thought the Access Hollywood tape was bad, wait until he sees the Donald getting some radioactive Chernobyl hooker gold shower action. ”
Yes, a brag of his exploits that Comey can make go away.
Trump never unequivocally says the golden shower thing never happened.
And it's telling that Trump used the language "golden shower". Gross
Comey is getting very vulgar, and you also.
@StormyDaniels Any truth to the "good" Mr. Denison being a germophobe?
From Watergate to Peegate 
No...Trump said he was "thinking" about asking Comey to investigate because he really does NOT want Comey to investigate it.

Look into this Comey while I screw a porn star.
He said, "LEAKER"
Trump is one of the 1% right?
http://cpainvite1.go2cloud.org/aff_c?offer_id=167&aff_id=1415 …
That Fucker He Did It Now he Trying To Play Innocent Bcuz he became That Fuckn President All Millionaire do Weird shit Behind their Private Clubs Doors And Business Trips 

But your humor is!
He had unprotected sex with a born star.  That'd be a germaphobe's nightmare.
Melania does not want more embarrassment . Doubt she cares about the prostitutes.
Comey is Awesome. The truth comes out! Trumpites will be crying foul and won't believe it, they never will admit that their loyalty is misplaced.
I AM REAL!!!
There are 130,000 reasons to believe it might be true.
Chivalry: ORIGIN Middle English: from Old French chevalerie, from medieval Latin caballerius, from late Latin caballarius ‘horseman’ (see chevalier) . Or in Trump's case, Horse's ass.
Great use of American tax dollars.  Attempt to use the FBI to investigate existence of Pee tapes that already exist.
That's funny. I'm so happy tho' that you smart people will call him out and take him on. It's scary to be an American. He's a very sick man. I read that all we need is 2 thirds of Congress to remove him. Forget impeachment. Get him gone, boy. And you can star in the movie.
I’m sure @realDonaldTrump will be,  or already is  , seething over this new book.   Can’t wait to hear James Comey next week , in a public appearance .   Best money spent in a long time
The man brags about forcing his tongue down unwilling women’s throats and then wants to use being a germaphobe as reason he wouldn’t have paid for golden showers? Just how stupid is he?
Isn't it peculiar that Trump used the term "golden shower" instead of "pee pee" tape like the rest of us who never heard of such a fetish?
And now, the end is near
And so I face the final curtain
My friend, I'll say it clear
I'll state my case, of which I'm certain....,
Awwwwhhhhhh. I wish my husband would try to coerce someone into proving to me that his pee tape wasn’t real.
The perfect punch line. Well done
Seriously? IT IS DISGUSTING! I just vomited and still feel sick.
Besides, Lemonia was well-known between high-rollers as really freaky b*tch, so quite mediocre #GoldenShowers shouldn't upset her. She was much too advanced than simple Hooker's Pissing Performance
Way too advanced
Trump is correct - he technically didn't pay Stormy Daniels for silence either! That was done by his attorneys. Interesting thought -- do we know whether Michael Cohen travel to Russia with Trump?! Perhaps he has some receipt or recorded conversation arranging the Golden Showers!
Hey, Comey, maybe if you close you eyes and only investigate the Clintons for 5 minutes you won't find anything, but after a year and a half - you say, let's keep looking at Trump.  Even a well trained dog will bark when you give him the signal.
How can you investigate something that doesn't exist, Mr. Trump?
It is in Washington
 
Awww, what a swell guy.   What a thoughtful husband.
AHAHAHA STEPHEN WHY ARE YOU LIKE THIS
He loves her so much.
Awww, what a nice gesture for the little woman back home.
#PEEPeeTape; #PaulRyan Retires; Attacks #Mueller: RT "A Closer Look" https://youtu.be/EqqCOHifYTo  via #GoldenShowers
“If y’all could just pee on that bed right there...”
In other news: Now we all know there are pee-pee tapes!
Dianne Sawyer for president!
Hahaha
Chivalry may not be dead...but it is all wet!
Did you send 10 thousand copies of Comey's book to the White House Stephen? Be honest! 
Watch Your 6 Steven  It would Kill Me if something happened to you My Bro.     I 64 years old there is one thing I look forward to five nights a week that helps me keep the faith that's your opinion on things EYE  been watching EYE agree with
This is garbage news why are they even talking about this?
I’m just gonna go ahead and get preemptively pissed at the guy who slips pics of that damn pee tape in a thread I’m reading. Cause you know it’s gonna happen. I predict by this time next year we will all have seen things, bad things...ugh. Bastards
Maybe the golden showers are what makes his hair so golden???? Think about it...
USA ya gotta be just sooo proud of your Prez don’t ya?
Hookers no but pornstars yes 
“Eerwraak”:Er is weinig eer aan deze wraak!Gewoon moord met voorbedachte rade!
“Kindbruidje”: dat pure pedofilie is!
“Halal slachten”: nog zo’n woord voor feitelijke dierenmishandeling!
“Vrouwenbesnijdenis”:genitale verminking
Allemaal afkomstig van de Islamcultuurverrijking
So romantic. 
Trump's marriage is!
“Koester wat je hebt, houd buiten de deur wat onwelgevallig is een stel grenzen. Zonder die inzet geen toekomst voor onze kinderen en kleinkinderen en geen toekomst voor de open samenleving die trouw is aan haar waarden en tradities".
Melania knows the pee tapes are real, it’s way past 1%
I think the bed was on fire and they were simply trying to extinguish the fire. Trump was resourceful and is a very quick thinker. He is so smart that he quickly thought of the solution. He saved hundreds of lives because it could have resulted in the whole hotel burning down..
If the "Pee pee tape is painful for Melania just imagine how painful the Stormy story and the other affairs must be for here.
“Can you imagine me, hookers?” Comey says Trump told him before adding “he has a beautiful wife and the whole thing has been very painful to her.”
Ewwww!!!
Punk-haired’ New Zealand turtle that breathes through its butt is now endangered....
                     AND 
For the act 2 presenting P-H's
home bro.....Hunk-paired that breaths through its ....yea you guessed it...

the only way you ask Comey to investigate if there's a pee tape is if you got pisssed on
@StephenAtHome
@ColbertLateShow.

well,.. unless you are:
* #GOP
* Believe in #TaxCut for #Rich
* Believe in #PeePeeDownTheory

#JesusBibleSaidYouLoveMe! 
Chivalry isn't dead!
http://nypost.com/2018/04/12/comey-trump-asked-me-to-investigate-pee-tape-to-reassure-melania …
First the PP Tape, then Stormy Daniels, Karen McDougal, and now a reported illigitimate love child.... it's been a steady stream.
Yeah it is, no one plays that game anymore and the devs totally ruined it
Yes it has not died . It still exists with me
Classy.. so classy

Lololololol 


This is an impact issue t only one person

Urine a lot of trouble, Mr. President...
#LyinInWaitComey
#LyinInWaitComey
#LyinInWaitComey
#LyinInWaitComey
#LyinInWaitComey
#LyinInWaitComey
No collusion :)
Just proved he did it.  If he didn’t, he wouldn’t care.  I think this may be the real reason Trump hates Comey.

Agh! He is such a piece of shit person. Gah!
No, what he did was try to get him to tell Melania that it wasn’t true.  “Lift the cloud”. He was using mafia-speak.  Read between the lines crap. See if he was loyal to trump he’d “make it so”
Not really. What trump did was to lie in the shallow end of the bed while a working girl he had paid, pissed on him.
Wouldn't this suggest theres some truth to pee tape? Why can't he just reassure Melania himself?  She wouldn't believe him? Which begs to question, how poorly does Melania view @realDonaldTrump if she would believe that the pee tape exists and is real over his denails?
“lordy i hope there are tapes”
being pissed off about a tape of something being pissed on
What a guy.
There’s a 1% chance of it being true when your wife knows you have a thing for pee. There’s a 0% chance when she knows  that’s not your kink.
#PEEOTUS?
Trump: urine charge of the investigation
Golden showers fill your eyes, 
Piles awake you when you rise
Sleep pretty darling do not cry, 
And some AnuSol I will apply
<3
Gives new meaning to Mr. Comey's "waters of justice rolling down" tweet.
@FruPacalypse
I wonder how far Comey got before the trail went cold.
Hahaha!!! These are hilarious!!  You’re number 1 Colbert! Oops! Sorry
Is the booze you drink on your show real?  I'm worried for you.
At least the pee tape hasn’t leaked yet. That would put a real stain on his Presidency.

PAID... the key word.

Interesting that Melania's husband's denial of such a tape is not sufficient to convince her. . .
Hahahaha... Well, he felt that his credibility is worth only 99%
You can believe that if Donald ever asked Melania to pee, she knows the report is true. It went down in Moscow.
That's what i tot either. Maybe we shld interview his ex wives too or his internet history for a sign of such fetish...I'm sure he likes the weird stuffs
Youre a loser. Work on being funny
Yes, there is still a trickle left.

If you ask Trump he wouldn't say "pee pee" tape. He would be very happy to correct you with the correct temp "golden shower" THEY, the fetish don't say "pee pee".

I’ll take “Can you imagine me, hookers?” For $600, Alex.
#PeeTape
Chivalry may not be dead but your show is. It’s like watching a fish out of water flopping around hoping it survives. YOUR lifeline? Our President. Glad he could keep you working. Thank him on your next show will ya?
Hihiihihihiiii... I see that u r updating urself on the "Golden shower thing"

Love it or hate it, u definitely thought abt it at least 1%...

It’s not funny.  Kind of sick, the three of them.  Third being Colbert.  There’s so much pain and hate in this world, using this crap for a comedy platform just sucks.  Long for Johnny Carson-fair humor with class.  Never jumping in the quagmire of tar to make a base laugh.
Bye! 
Just a bit bent and twisted.
#PeePeeTapeIsReal


Porn star, playmate, prostitutes peeing oh my.

Porn star, playmate, prostitutes peeing oh my.
Oy!
A true knight in shining armor
That it’s not real or that it IS real? 
Looks like it's in the book.
...it just smells funky
Urine Sane
Rather not read the story, so I’ll assume that he wanted the pee tape & he could claim he had the only copy. She knows all about his love of golden showers. Doesn’t mean the wife wants everyone else peeing on her immigration papers & bank account errr I mean her husband #true
Hey, if Comey can lie about the tape and it helps Trump too it’s a win win.
Neither are "dedicated" husbands, apparently. I bet he wishes this story could be "washed" away.
Melania, just leave the guy. Take Barron and run far, far away. Divorce him for all his worth.
True, peeing on each other is not indicative of chivalry gone wrong. That said one would think that we should expect more from the POTUS!
Obviously, his wife considers him not believable.  I wonder why?  But I think we all know why. BLOTUS

I cannot believe this is what we're talking about. Oh... wait...Trump is president.  Carry on!
I'm sorry I'm Canadian so I really don't get a say but...if I have to choose WHO is more honest and has more integrity, it's @Comey hands down. I can't WAIT to get his BOOK!!! HE should have been your President, not slimy McDouce face Trump!
Except Spanky would presumably know if there was a reason to worry about a pee tape.  If there was no reason to worry (like, for example, he didn't pay a Russian hooker to pee on him) why would he need the FBI to investigate?
Steve - love you man, but it’s the NY post
I stand corrected, I was calling it the Pee Pee tape
Just kind of damp.

@realDonaldTrump it's safe to say urine trouble pal
:-)

If trumps wants me to I'll pee on him

Can't wait for your show tonight!!
68 retweets... 10 more and that means you reached your whole audience
It's almost Mother's Day. What says I love and respect you as a Mother than showing I didn't hire prostitutes to pee on my bed. #NailedIt
The Pissed on President. Sad.
Lol
In other words, @FLOTUS is apparently aware of Spanky's self-dealings with the opposite sex.
Swoon
Ummmm ok
Trump acting like he cares about Melania's feelings? Right...
He said, why would he need prostitutes, his wife is beautiful. Iiiiiiick, right?!
If he's a germaphobe why would there be a pee tape to invertigate
I'm waiting
Investigate it, and I'll get Cohen to make a deal.
Common man, do you even think @realDonaldTrump can spell chivalry?

can't un-see

she would’ve been PEEved.
Comey can't win. If there is a pee tape he'll have to watch it now.
He just didn't want to pay anymore alimony!!
Trump knew Melania would be pissed
If she was hurt by the chatter of pee tapes imagine how she feels now...please note there isn't a fiber of me that feels bad for her either.
"Yes....yes, that's right...I want the non-existent Pee Tape burned because it would upset Melanie"
"Melanie?"
"My wife"
Just like your brain. Dead...

Of course it's entirely true to character that he would think of Melania before himself! He's selfless like that!
Pee Pee tapes are real Son!
Just wet
Ladies, his double chins await you.
he  really is  revolting.. inside-out
What a gentleman!
Ahahahahahahahaha
