No Stephen ! It’s « Bienvenue à (!) Ratatouille. » 

I know you’re not a Trump fan. Nor am I. But when he said jobs for everyone I never thought he might mean everyone gets a go in his cabinet. :/
after this visit i can picture Macron sobbing in the shower
"show me where he touched you..."
there was no dandruff, there was no dandruff
Is it just me or is Emmanuel Macron playing George Milton to Trump's Lennie Small...
Geez even i cringed during that handshake.

Bon, au moins ça change des blagues sur les mimes...
huh Remember this? https://www.facebook.com/TheArchKennedy/videos/2123470607872450/UzpfSTE0MzU2NzUyMTc6MTAyMTYyNDM3OTU3MTQzMjI/ …
Tell Trump it's over, no need to pretend Good. Ask him how individuals can pledge their loyalty outside the polls so we don't get murdered.
What is a poop potato?

Thought uniformity must be enforced https://twitter.com/thr/status/989330502061608960 …
why he decide to make the female loose at the end of his new film? if in Black Panther, slavery portrayed as good, would of been a good idea
Don't worry, the female loosing, does not give away the movie. there are lots of twist and turns. It's a cheap thrill, but a good topic.
It truly is crazy why you are not the President. Speaking of crazy have you seen the Acrimony movie by Tyler Perry? when you do, ask him....
Le cringe is real

https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/jan/01/jean-claude-juncker-blocked-eu-curbs-on-tax-avoidance-cables-show …

https://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/20/opinion/eu-rules-will-chill-reporting.html …
It was funny at first but now you seem obsessed with Trump. It's all you ever talk about any more. I remember when your show was fun to watch. Now it's just a drag. Move on please.
...those where other times... 






Colbert ... a true PoS.
No Democratic Congressman/women invited to State Dinner for Macron.  White House, We talk to Democrats every day,  we don't need to dine with them.   WOW  Trump sounds like he equates Democrats with immigrants.   DISCLOSURE: NOT MY VIEW OR MEANT AS A NEGATIVE VIEW OF IMMIGRANTS.
Hello
Collect the crew of your movie

Here you can invest in any film and get good dividends in case of its successful hire after release

Look at what roles you can respond to
LOL!!  I would've been mortified if someone started brushing dandruff off my suit in front of the world!!
loved ur review of don blankinship last nite..u need check out ads for the other two running ....they"re pretty funny
Mac and Cheese!
Has this idiot done or said anything in the last couple of years that isn't trump related? He used to be funny, now he is just pathetic MSCGA
We all want to be just like you...assclown.
Incroyable!
Pauvre Ratatouille! Devoir se coltiner Trump... beurk!!!
C’est clair
Awkward

On parlera de politique, de choses sérieuses, mais aussi de... 
#Quotidien 
Cringeworthy isnt that where trump lives be it wanting to fuck his daughter the way eric looks an eric is not trumps kid or the way every public meeting with every leader has gone let alone the cringe of melania been married to the annoying orange.
Shutup Colbert
s'il te plaît, tiens ma main 
Merci Uncle Sam
Hey Stephen, I remember when you used to be funny. Those were the days, maybe one day you’ll be funny again. But I won’t hold my breath.
Love you! Make it better for us. Cheers.

