Watch Colbert experience pure musical bliss as he joins @JackJohnson on stage at rehearsal to perform one of their favorite tunes. #LSSC 
Watching Stephen and @jackjohnson perform together was the best thing I have heard and seen all month .   Perfect harmony

Worthless liberal lapdog...
Calling another life worthless out of one side of your mouth and claiming conservative pro life righteousness out of the other. 

GOP hypocrisy in its purest form.
Liberals are the definition of hypocrisy..
You need to learn language & definitions. You LITERALLY made no sense there at all.  You sound just like Trump - you know he loves the poorly educated! LOL
Saw the show, he hinted how much he knew the lírica to the song and would love to sing it with the star, he did great on bocales and tuning! Thanks to both! 
Awesome talent!
Alright, this should happen all the time 
This melted my atheist heart and reminded me why I still have a crush on you. 
That seemed like that would have been the hardest but most rewarding thing to ever do. Kudos!!
Colbert, I understand you are in the tank with MSM and Jimmy Kimmel. But you two don't have to be douchebags all the time. I know it makes your small base of libtards feel good.  However, normal people are getting tired of it.
 @ailsby
Such an adorable geek. 
When will they "FIRE TRuMP"?
You keep hitting the mark - and the right notes!...Colbert for PRES!!
What song is this? I love it!  #loveistheonlyeverygod
Yeah, pretty damn awesome.  I DVR show so I'm late, but this one is a keeper.
I thought you loved David Bryne?
Alright!!
That was awesome! Thank you for sharing.
Amazing. You complimented J.J very well
A lot of your life seems very cool but I have to say this seemed exceptionally cool. It was fun to see you get to sing with @jackjohnson and have a super fan moment. Also great song:)
I love you two. #goodmen
You should do an album of duets with your guests. Like Tony Bennett did.

Watch Colbert....No.
That was awesome



http://theoryoflife16.blogspot.com/2018/03/theory-of-life-e71-best-quotes-by.html?spref=tw …

This was an amazing performance!
Pretty excellent
Oh, @StephenAtHome still does entertainment without the topic, word, or phrase 'trump'? #mindBlowing
Just a big kid enjoying life .
Sweet!  This was just what I needed tonight.
So awesome, I know Jack personally, he's such an amazing human being, that guy rips too #surfing
Awesome Sauce

I love you Stephen Colbert  
Awesome job sir!
I’ve missed Jack Johnson! This was so sweet...
Loved, loved it.
Awesome!

alright, this is getting out of hand
wonderful!!
That was really good.
I love this 
Waiting for the Cobert Duets album!
It was absolutely wonderful!  Love you Stephen!
Colbert deleted the entire episode of me on his show. Why don’t you want people to see the video Colbert?
N
