
The country needs less of people like tweeters Wilkins and Harris. Please just disappear off the radar 
Come to Alaska ill fly you out to Katmai, you can do the Timothy tredwell thing. Go be bear  on the tundra snowflake.
Very strange comment. Wishing people dead because you disagree with them is "sad".
I'm sure that comment was not made literally. Simple a figure of speech to emphasize a disagreement.
See Harris's further remark. An rational exchange of opinion this is not.
Go to your safe place snowflake, you can't play with the big boys yet!!
Do u think voting opposite of what you ran on is honorable? You & songbird @SenJohnMcCain s/b required 2return every penny of donor $ #liars
Instead of suing RNC go after these three for return of campaign funds, for frauding the public..
Good.  I would imagine there will be a large number of your constituents (stuck with Obamacare) that would like a word with you. #RINO
@SarahPalinUSA ..Hope You Give Her A Piece Of Your Mind !!!
Not keeping your word to repeal sadly, was not surprising... just another politician.
True
Traitor
She voted NO to a law that was worse than ACA. HERO
You think the ACA is good? Tell us how? Because it's Socialism? Because the govt can do better, i.e. V.A.? Why do other countries come here?
I agree, ACA is socialism and will fail very soon, I don't want the IRS over my health care. Lisa is a traitor. She must go!!!
You deserve a break! Take a rest, that was a tough fight you just won.
You can stay there, too! #RINO
Beautiful!  And thank you for standing up for all Americans who care about health care, and not being a prisoner to your own party!
Interesting! She ran her campaign on Repealing ACA, so you condone lying? Misrepresentation? So do you pay for your Insurance or do I? Well?
good photo.
I live in Alaska. I'm a Dem but I wrote her name in 2010 and voted for her in 2016

Don't always agree with her - but she's on AK's side
Same here
To a well deserved rest!
GTF OUT OH,WELL DESERVED REST ?!!!!!! For What ???
I am surprised they  want you back. We don't. Do not return the Senate you are not wanted. You are a liar. Nothing more.
Keep going until you're over Russia then jump out!!! 
Republican fraud
Sen. Murkowski: You are a person of stellar integrity & courage. You did the right thing for ALL Alaskans on the health care bill. Thankyou
Should have stayed in DC and fulfilled promises !
Why don't you stay there forever & stop screwing the American people you lied to
You should stay in DC. We don't want you back in Alaska
All those nice thank you's below....none of them are from Alaska. Thank you for screwing us!!! And tell AARP to stop showing the lying comm.
There's no place like home :-)
Hope you slept well after proving yourself a liar.
Welcome Home Senator.  We appreciate your hard work in D.C.
You should try Siberia.
Traitor
Beautiful, thanks again so much Sen Murkowski for all of your hard work!
Hard work ? Say NO ,hard work would have been a better alternative to ACA ,
Can you please turn around and not come back?
The liberals on this thread should remind you which party you really belong to.
Home is where the heart is they say. Is your heart in healthcare reform? After making big deal about repeal you chickened out at 1st vote.
Stay there.
Stay there
start packing up your office as you are done in office
Blackmailed or bought off?
Enjoy primary season will be here soon
Alaska isn't far enough for you
Why didnt you fix my health care?
Guess failing to do your job is taxing huh?
Please stay.
.@SarahPalinUSA Please run for this traitors seat !!! Please !!!
Two questions: Why are there no Dem mavericks and would you dare go against party line if you were a Dem? Answers are obvious.
Stay there. Americans don't want you back in DC. You're not earning my tax dollars. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @VP
Traitor
Fu@k Murkowski RINO bit@h
Stay there you are useless.
Notice how Democrats seem to be praising you? Most people would take this as a hint.
Right?!?!?!!!!
Please DON'T come back.

Just like a libtard, I bet you feel no shame in what you have done.
Very telling that the supportive  tweets r coming from the other side of the aisle. Confirms you're a Dem,hiding in plain sight. U ran 1/2
2/2 on Repeal & Replace. U lied. We hope you're flying straight 2 your bank 4 $ 2 help pay 4 astronomically rising Alaskans premiums.Traitor
Thanks for voting no on that horrible "Health Care" bill.
Shame
Make jobs with #EEO happen here... Your garbage in my eyez... #DrainTheSwamp
Hope you suffer a catastrophic injury
Enjoy it until Kim Li Dong hits you, which by the way what have you done about him?
Please stay there.
everyone standing with her r libs that will never vote 4 her however the repubs who do vote 4 her might just vote her out.
Please stay there.
Didn't know RINO TRAITORS who LIE about #RepealAndReplace could fly.
Keep going to Russia..traitor!
I hope your plane is ok!
Stay there you traitor!! Better yet move to another country.
What a moral compass you have voting for baby parts selling factory
Repent?
#maga
#maga
She is doing a great job. Obmacare premiums increase by $2,500 next year.
Try the North Pole. Stay there until Christmas. Or longer, thanks.
Spent several family vacations roughing it on Admiralty Island when I was young.  Took the Alaskan Ferry up the Inland Passage. Magnificent!
I hope they give you hell!
That is beautiful!
It's a lovely state.  Too bad the EPA (read "Pruitt") isn't working on glacier-melt.  Or anything helpful to the environment.
Please stay there and don't come back. Let a conservative have your seat.
Do you like making your constituents happy?
Safe trip Thank You for being one of the few senators looking out for all of us
Stay there
Hope you spend time considering what's good for our country.
Can You believe it was ONLY 1981 Sandra Was Elected!??!! Can We UP those #S PLEASE!
SO BEAUTIFUL! KEEP it COOL! Learn somemore HERSTory! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vbCXKRUZWw …
Thank you again, Sen Murkowski!  Your staunch backbone is an inspiration.
Stay there, pitch a tent, and sometime in 2035 we'll send a crew to check-up on you...
One way ticket i hope.
Enjoy yourself and thank you.
Beautiful.
GREAT WELFARE STATE.....BOOZE  DRUGS  SUICIDES ...
Want to thank you for your healthcare vote.
Welcome home Senator
"This bill failed because it is a first-class stinker, and the Republicans should be ashamed of themselves." Thank you for voting NO.
Please stay in Alaska!...Repeal Obamacare!
Beautiful. And get ready for more applause

Nice shot <3
Stay home and resign! #closetdemocrat
Thank you so much.   Enjoy your time off !!!!!
Can't hide in ak. Alaskans will run you out. Pitiful display on hcare keep voting with McCain and the dems.
Flying over my beloved British Columbia..  sigh... miss the left coast.
Typical establishment politician, liar, and traitor to Alaska.
Do us all a favor, and stay there...
A beautiful reminder that we must be responsible stewards of our planet.
Do Americans a favor, resign & stay in Alaska! Your NO VOTE is costing middle class Americans $1000s. / family.
Thank you, Senator!

Stay there!  You may as well change your party affiliation to the party you are , "Democrat".

That's where you need too stay don't come back here with your no vote
Stay there u traitor
Thankyou for doing the right thing...
I just want to thank you for saving millions of Americans from losing their insurance under threats of you and your state. I was so proud. 
Good glad your gone. Now face your voters
Godspeed from a California Dem against Trumpcare.
Traitor.
Thank you for 10's of trillions in unfunded medicaid liabilities, and my $1,200 monthly premium.
Thank you for voting "NO" to #TrumpCare .  
Another Day- Another Opportunity to THANK YOU. Please stay in US politics.
So very disappointed in your vote
Thank your for your courage Senator!! I need to move to Alaska so I can vote 4 u! 
Lol at all you liberals smooching her rear. She used R's to get power, she'll turn on you, too, to keep it. 
Beautiful!
Thank you for your ACA health care vote.  Love and respect from California!  
Flat earth
What shall we do when we are bankrupt over expanded Medicaid, and Obamacare?  For goodness sake, let's not address the elep.. oops RINO.
Thank you for working for your constituents and for being an inspiring example every day.
You betrayed the American voters when you voted against repeal of Obamacare
Thank you again for your support of a bi-partisan effort to fix the ACA.  We need more women in the Senate and House...and of course the WH.
Enjoy your recess Senator. Thank you for helping us keep our health insurance. 
You stood up for Alaskans! That was Awesome
Safe travels to you. Thank you for doing what is right not what your party says they want without regard for the people you serve.
Safe home. And thanks so much again for standing up for us!  All of us!  You're a hero!
Beautiful.
Beautiful State!
Alaska loves you
I can't help but be a bit jealous of the cooler weather. It's been 98 degrees here, for several days, in Texas.
Please stay where you are or better, move to another state.. Like Chicago or New York.
American #hero.
Well done! Thanks
Thank you for your conviction and courage.
Safe travels. Thank you for standing up and doing the right thing on healthcare.  from PA.
Good......stay home!! #RepealMurkowski
Thank you for your public service and patriotism @lisamurkowski 
I hope you get a chance to rest and recharge. 
.Please stay there.  We don't need people like you destroying our country.
Traitor!!
I am truly grateful to you for the strength you have shown in representing the people who elected you
Safe travels
Thank you for your leadership.
Thanks for taking @AlaskaAir!  I see you're in the Starliner 75 paint job.  My second fav behind the #salmonthirtysalmon
Safe travels!
Safe travels, thanks for your courage. Have a great vacation. Wish we had you in Pennsylvania.
Beautiful. Get home safe, Senator.
Fleeing ur shirked duties. Coward, fly to Az. John  has a beer route 4 u. Big learning curve for u. $ vs U mucho...
Beautiful!  Alaska is lucky you have you represent them.
One of the few Republican Senators who won't be afraid to face her constituents during this recess. Welcome home Senator!
What a great job you have... do nothing and get paid a ridiculous amount of money..do the rest of the country a favor and stay there! #RINO
.I live in Texas. Keep doing the right thing. @johncornyn @tedcruz are not fighting for me.
Thank you for standing strong. Relax and enjoy.
Welcome home Sen @lisamurkowski
Godspeed from FL Senator. You're a true patriot. Thank you for putting country before party. 
U go girl! In the best sense of that word.
Well, isn't  that just grand. Failed the American peope on Repeal.
Stay there.
Thank you again for your stance on http://healthcare.You  are a strong representative for truth & clarity in legislation  for all.
A grateful nation thanks you for your courage @lisamurkowski.  Enjoy your beautiful state!
Joining the chorus of thank yous for doing your job and representing ALL Americans. #Alaskans can be proud!
Welcome home!
Enjoy your vacation & thank you for holding the fort during recess 
Beautiful. Thank you for your service and your brave vote.
