Why don't they create a nonpartisan commission to write a new healthcare bill? Just like the Base Closing in the 1990's. Take the heat off.
That's about as good for Alaska as Trumps North Korea views
You realize defunding planned parenthood would increase STD rate and cause outbreaks? Our nation is led by the closed minded elderly #SAD
Do the right thing or leave the PEOPLE'S GOVT.
Please put your constituents over your party.
We need you to work to improve ACA!!
Just a reminder that millions of Americans are counting on you to make  their lives better, not worse, Senator.  VOTE NO on WEALTHCARE!
Please keep the health of your constituents foremost in your mind when you vote on BCRA.
TrumpCare will have a devastating effect on Alaska, it will cause 62,500 Alaska resident to lose health coverage

Please vote no on this....be on the right side for women children and all. Please stand w ms. Collins n the rest of us.
Stand up for coverage for all Americans. Vote no on the #BCRA health bill
Prems for family of 4 $30,000. Families choose to pay penalty. Millions already don't have healthcare.
Rep Murkowski- I am a Dem but can't thank U enough for standing up for all of us (non rich) people. I wld support U in next election
Agree 100% we need more women like you in the senate. Very proud of you!
No state waivers for essential health benefits. Keep, tweak, and fund the ACA.
#NoTrumpcare
I applaud your courage may God bless you!
Thank YOU from the bottom of my heart for saving our care. The country owes you a lot
Please, NO NO NO on terrible health bill
I think it's time to repeal, then replace like the @RandPaul said. Nobody will die. Trust the free market. Deregulate.
You know in your heart this will hurt your constituents. Why are you going along with this wealthcare bill for the super-rich?


The GOP healthcare bill bankrupts seniors, closes medically necessary hospitals, and cost jobs.
OUR Country will not continue on his manic party train. Bring on the impeachment u can't go after him criminally until removed from OUR WH
Vote No on the skinny repeal
Senator, please do not be swayed by the "polar payoff " bribe for your healthcare vote. NO on this fraud healthcare bill.
Oppose the Senate Bill @lisamurkowski uphold the ACA. Alaskans will suffer if you give in.
TN needs your support. My daughter and I hang by a thread Please #VoteNoAHCA @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker Care for our children and elderly.

I think we can do better.  This may help alleviate the provider shortage, but w/o Medicaid expansion, help remains inaccessible to too many.
I see so many pics of you sitting next to POTUS, and I can't help but wonder how you can support this president or this healthcare bill.
Your Alaskan constituents strongly disagree!
@yashar blind support
And plastic surgery like mika's?
The GOP bill makes no sense. We have the ACA. It decreased bankruptcies, decreased self-pay, coordinated w/ CMS to improve healthcare
What legislation is Senator Murkowski reading. Her law puts more distress on health systems, decreases delivery, quality, & bankrupts people
Stand with Trump. All will turn out GREAT!!
B.S. And You know it
Enjoy your job. It takes a fool to follow this bill through the gates of hell
I am confused by your affinity for opioid addicts but not a passion for all AKers and Americans to have health care. #ProtectOurCare
Please do not vote for this. It will destroy planned parenthood -threatens my daughters' health. Please don't do this to women.
Talk is cheap. Oppose the senate bill if you really care about people.
Stop lying to people and come out against the senate healthcare bill.
This bill is useless if you let the senate bill pass. Come out against it or don't bother pretending to care.
Then come out against the senate healthcare bill. It useless to let a bill endangering 22 million lives.
Ignore Dems defending Obamacare, last remnant of Obama yrs. They didnt vote u into office! Never will.
But your party wants to cut Medicaid by 36%.
Thank You, Senator for standing strong for our most vulnerable citizens.
I'm confused. You craft this bill but your on the fence about Trumpcare which will decimate health care?
No it will not. This bill does not cover all. So all lives are not equal?!
Maybe make a Murkowski Clinic for Chemical Dependency, what a god damn mindless scam to hurt seniors, hospitals, & jobs. Makes no sense.
This is a good bill+will help AK. Voting against BRCA will ensure people can access the care. Keep putting Alaskans first
BS
#ImpeachTrump #BeAHero
#NoCapsNoCuts
You know what else helps? The ACA's essential health benefits.
Get rid of the tax cut, keep the employer mandate.
Glad to see some bipartisanship.
