It is a welcome support for a group that has suffered a great deal from public condemnation within the GOP.
Equal rights are under attack. Vote "no" on Gorsuch and Sessions. They will set back rights for the LGBTQ.
except when it comes to choosing what school they go to. Right, Lisa.
Can't believe you will not vote for Education Sec. Very sad.
women do too.
no discrimination based on gender/age/race/religion..can we add sexual orientation too?At least in Alaska?? #equality
Sen. Sessions doesn't agree with you, he's not the man for the job
As a rural public school teacher, I was heartened by your words today. Vote NO on DeVos. She is unfit. #DumpDevos
#Devos is not unfit. She may not approve of what you want but thats too bad.
no, she's a misguided churchlady. She can still lobby.  ALL kids need a qualified advocate
tell Trump give women equal respect n equal pay for work n telling women working at the WhiteHouse to dress ... is harassment
PLEASE VOTE AGAINST SESSIONS. EVERY GOP PERSON THAT STANDS UP FOR USA WILL BE REWARDED WITH LOYALTY.
Thank you and thank you for voting no on DeVoss!
Thanks for showing me what  these hillary voter want. Though you was a republican sorry for thinking that.
ty Senator. I trust you'll make the right decision and vote Nay on Devos.
She needs to ACT like a Republican, stand with the Republican President or EXIT the party.
hopefully this'll be her last term in the Senate
Why do Alaskans keep voting for her?
no idea! That's the main problem with politicians up here, we keep electing the same ones over/ over
The unborn are Americans too, you don't support their rights!
Mere lip service from a grand-standing Alaskan politician
Thank you @lisamurkowski
also, thank you for voting NO to DeVos for ALL public school children
as a 67 y.o. lesbian living in california with my partner/wife of 24 yrs. THANK YOU!
Why do we have to have special laws for all these groups? How about red heads, add them to the list!
this totally contradicts your next tweet about supporting the Supreme Court nominee. #RepublicansFail
Please do not vote to appoint Betsy DeVos to the cabinet. She is not the right person for job.
says someone who does not matter. I bet you didn't even vote 4 Murkowski.
Vote agains DeVos... get recalled... we have the votes
Thank you for your integrity!
Key word - equal
will LGBTQ and women's rights be protected under the new SCOTUS Gorsuch nomination??  Please reconsider.
thank you, Lisa! Thank you for ensuring equal protection to every American under the Constitution
thank you for speaking out against the confirmation of Betsy DeVos- vouchers will destroy pub ed as will ignorance
then vote NO on Sessions.
Senator, watch out. He's now drafting an Executive Odor to do just the opposite.
You do not care about freedom or you would Vote for DeVos who is for school choice so parents have freedom of choice.
if you are backing BLOTUS you cannot trust anything he says,  Fact Checking uncovers a 75% lie rate! NOT ACCEPTABLE!
Is he supposed to get a pat on the back or something for not taking my rights back? This is bare minimum, expect more.
how about Fascism ,do you welcome that?
thank you
how about those who have lived here for decades & hold green cards? How about rights afforded to visitors on our soil?
thank you for your wisdom on this AND on devos.
except you just allowed a pillar of a prejudice (DeVos) head out of your committee and on to become sec of ed!
thank you for your support and thank you for standing up for our children #noDevos
I hope you stand by this when #POTUS comes at us through the back door as he is undoubtedly planning to do.
Thank you!
This is what we like to see from you. Thank you for your compassion and understanding.
thank you senator. #resistance #NOFASCISTUSA
I am not a Republican, but I admire you and your strong, brave love of America!!
He's lying about this don't praise him it's coming soon do you not know Pences background on this subject? Just wait
Please don't confirm Sessions as AG; he's no friend to the LGBTQ community.
Too bad nominees track records do not agree w/ equal rights. Thoughts about @RepTomPrice ?
#SHAMEFUL!!!
We need someone who'll stand up for Equal voting rights-not Sessions
Exactly.  So let's work to keep the bigot @jeffsessions and the fundamentlaly unqualified @BetsyDeVos out of power.
Yes they do.  And every children, special needs children as well, deserve a good PUBLIC education.  Please opposeDeVos
Vote No on DeVos, Sessions, and Gorsuch to protect all Americans! They do not represent the best we have to offer!
if you gave a sh*t you'd have long ago laughed in Betsy's face & voted NAY. Just another political coward w/o values.
Betsy DeVos is clearly unfit and yet you voted yes. Why would anyone listen to a damn thing you say?
yet you support a SCOTUS nominee who is against LGBT issues. Nice job #sarcasmfont
Then how can you support Gorsuch - this must be one of those alt-facts
I respect you senator and expect you'll follow your conscience and say NO TO DEVOS AND SESSIONS.
What about people who aren't Christian? Do you really believe in equality?
it won't stay like that.  He's throwing a crumb.  Everybody scrambles to eat it.
If that is true, please vote NO for DeVos, Sessions, and Bannon.
disappointed you voted for devos out of committed.Big copout that you may vote against her when u know she will get votes
but DeVos didn't agree to protect the civil rights of students #StopDeVos
please vote no on DeVos!
our schools deserve that protection as well.
Vote no on Devos!

Very important matter which needs to stay in effect to affirm safety and fairness to ALL Americans.
Mam. I agree. But you MUST vote NO ON #DeVos. And, to further protect #LGBTQ rights, NO ON Sessions.
And all students attending public schools deserve a good education.  Public funds for public schools! 
#StopDeVos
Couldn't agree more. I hope you keep equal rights in mind when you vote on Sessions.
I hope u mean this statement.  If u rly do- vote no on DeVos and Sessions!!! Protect America and the amazing LGBTQ community
Please vote your conscience, not your party line - vote NO for Devos #StopDeVos
Yes, and for the sake of our kids, vote NO on DeVos. Thank you
how about voting no to Devos
if all Americans deserve equal rights then you can't vote yes on Sessions.
Does that mean you will vote no on FADA when it comes around?
ED in MI NOBLIND LITERACY; DPS 3rdWorld Schools! SchoOLS W/ no heat! No books! No supplies #noDeVos DPS Is state run!
then I hope you have done some "extreme vetting" on Sen Sessions
it will be for nothing if DeVos becomes secretary of ED bc we'll go back 60 yrs in education. #noDevos
, do not be fooled by this seemingly act of "kindness", trump is no hero. I think you know that.
Children also deserve our protection in schools - please vote No on #BetsyDeVos !
It would be nice if he addressed discrimination against women in the workforce as well.
I assume you'll be voting NO on Sessions nomination then, yes?
thanks. You should also welcome IDEA and PUBLIC School protection #NoBetsyDevos
Please dont forget our children. Vote no on DeVos
