No. I wrote you in to fight this, not endorse it.
I was so hopeful after that write-in win. She was free to be a moral, ethical, science based Republican. A Hero.
Instead, c'est la vie... 
Change your mind!  Vote NO on Gorsuch.  He is not just and not for US!
Eagle river Alaskan voter - Merrick Garland is only choice 4 SCOTUS. CONSIDER YOUR POLITICAL FUTURE IN ALASKA. Lisa we can't write in again
#NoGorsuch Dangerous product of corporate money and risks women's rights. To #destroy the senate rules for Trump? Get 60.
.@lisamurkowski Respectfully disagree, Mam. Harry Reid is gone. If you go nuclear it's on the @SenateGOP. Bring a consensus candidate. 
I am delighted to know you support Judge Gorsuch.
Yes! Gorsuch is an excellent candidate! He'll be doing a marvelous job serving the US in the SC! 
Until the FBI & Intel Comms are done with their #TrumpRussia investigations, no Trump nominee should be confirmed, Senator. Stop the vote!
I disagree absolutely! Gorsuch. Should NOT BE CONFIRMD while Trump admin under investigation. Same argument as with Garland!
Respectfully disagree on Gorsuch! Respectfully disagree killing bears in hibernation!Respectfully disagree on GOP selling my private info!
Gorsuch dodged many questions during the hearings and has vowed to destroy women's reproductive rights. He should not be confirmed.
He should not be approved! One of his rulings was unanimously overturned be SCOTUS. He's not the best candidate!
Yes, he has proven he would rather see truckers freeze to death than see trucking companies lose a few bucks.
Two out of two!!! First the wildlife now this! Do you care about Alaska???!! Wake up and listen to those who put you in that seat!!!!!

Phillip Anschutz(Heritage Foundation/Federalist Society/Coachella/HangoutMusicFest) Atty Gorsuch

Russian-Jew, Shaul Zislin(Hangout Alabama) 
Do you honestly believe this?
#MerrickGarland
Honorable Lisa Murkowski.  Respectfully I disagree.  According to The NY Times he is just left of Clarence Thomas.  We deserve a centrist
Let him stand on his merit - vote NO on the nuclear option. Keep the Senate's integrity. Don't cut the branch you're standing on.
You should have held a hearing for #MerrickGarland. But you broke it, you bought it. Filibuster ahead.
Why him and not Merrick Garland? What makes him more qualified, Senator? Your Alaskan constituency deserves an answer.
Country before party, Senator! No confirmation while FBI is investigating the president's campaign for ties with Russia. Don't be complicit!
I disagree.  His LGBT women's rights record disqualify him.  Not a good choice.
Confirmation should be delayed until FBI investigation of Trump is complete. Please listen to your constituents.
I disagree w this and I am a constituent.  Approve this gentleman and we'll experienced Judge.
Plz don't vote for him. He will help turn our Govt into a Corporate tool
The last thing Alaska needs is more corporate profit & protections while average citizens foot the bills. #VoteNO #NoGorsuch
Fake Justice nominated by Fake President supported by Fake Senator who purports to represent the people of Alaska she wont even meet
This coming from the senator that thought Betsy Devos was a good idea too
The new healthcare bill will kill 53,000 Americans every year including children. Please get them to reconsider.
So disappointing to see you disregard women's rights
SC filibuster: Republicans made this problem when they refused 2 discuss Merrick Garland. No nuclear option. Is it worth your job?
No nuclear option. You're a disgrace to all women if you approve his nomination
Good to see you're supporting him.
Good it's about time
Lisa you are just another politician that works your own agenda. And not for the American people
You have proven several times already that you can put people before party. Please reconsider this. #stolenseat
Gorsuch nom sits under the darkest of clouds. Question abound regarding the nominating 'POTUS'. You cannot possibly consider his approval
In fact, you should put Gorsuch approval on hold, & focus on saving our nation by impeaching Trump. You know in your heart this is true
You cannot justify standing for women's rights and women's healthcare and voting for Gorsuch, Senator.
. @lisamurkowski @realDonaldTrump is under investigation for treason. Until he is exonerated, NO Supreme Court nominee should be confirmed.
. @lisamurkowski He is unacceptable and will set us back decades.
. @lisamurkowski He is a misogynistic, corporate-loving idiot who is not fit for the job he holds, let alone a seat on the Supreme Court.
No he should not! He is too far right, too in the pocket of big corporations, and until #TrumpRussia investigation is complete NO NO NO!
We can't allow Gorsuchs contempt for reproductive health & rights to shape Supreme Court rulings for decades to come
Gorsuch ruled in favor of the idea that corporations are people and that bosses can deny their employees birth control coverage.
He went to extraordinary lengths to try to allow the state of Utah to block people from coming to PP for basic health care and education.
Proven himself how? To be outdated and out of the mainstream? He's supported by an admin that's under investigation
He should be, but the partisan stunts the GOP pulled on everything, particularly re: Garland, has very real consequences.
Why wasn't Garland given a hearing?
no he hasn't. You're a fraud.
What about Merrick Garland. Did he too not deserve to be confirmed? Party before people is not what we deserve here in Alaska.
Dems would do the same thing if they were in that position, need a video to remind you? DC is full of hypocrisy.
I do not support Gorsuch.
"Should be quickly confirmed." You either think THE PEOPLE are idiots or you're further out of the loop than THE PEOPLE. Be real, Senator.
No Merrick Garland should have had a vote...
Failing to give Garland a hearing & then going nuclear undermines Senate norms. Respectfully, Sup Ct will lose legitimacy.
He was unanimously overturned by #SCOTUS during his confirmation hearing. So it's "proven" he doesn't fit with current court.
#gorsuch
Wrong!  #stolenseat #illegitimatepresident
Actually no. Why didn't you hold a hearing for Garland? Why do you put your party before your country?
So should have Merrick Garland.
No nominee should be considered if nominated by a President under investigation for Treason.
@lisamurkowski M E R R I C K G A R L A N D
No. He sidestepped most questions & refused to meet with 2 female Senators of color. Why? Why is dark money pushing so hard? Women r worried
I am disappointed in this. Garland was also highly qualified and previously bi-partisan approved.  Disgusting he never got his hearing.
He is a stolen seat
NO! He should NOT!!!!
With all that's hanging over the current administration, there should not be a SCOTUS confirmation!
Aside from the fact that he is out of the main stream and you blocked Garland just because you hated Obama so much...
Why didn’t Merrick Garland get a hearing, Lisa?
