Get back to work !! People are suffering from Obamacare
I agree. Obamacare should be IMPROVED.
The recent bills would have made things worse.
It must uprooted .  If they don't there will be a new congress that does. Just wait and see. Nobody should pay them anymore.
My wife did have salmon for lunch today. Thanks for your ACA repeal "no" vote, Senator. Thanks to you my wife will not have a lifetime cap.
Not tired, enough, troll, to put a name & face to your complaints.
Can someone throw her over board like she threw hard working Americans over by keeping in place this tax and job killing healthcare crap.
Kevin why on earth would you not support health care for all Americans? It create jobs not cost jobs. & We are more efficient when healthy!
Not the governments place to force someone to buy a product. Are you right overall, yes but taxing people for not buying a product is wrong.
BOOOOOO!!! An America FREE of further (hidden) taxation is ONLY possible when OBAMACARE is REPEALED. PLEASE DO YOUR JOB!!!
Looks like a King. If so, needs to go back. :-(
We have taken a massive run of Kings in Alaska and smashed it with our greed.
Thank you for voting against the Republican travesty and heartless health care "plans".
Thanks re salmon - where get? Thanks for defending Alaska and wild spaces - hope down both coasts 2 & I'll fight Putin take Alaska back.
U held up all USA HC 4 less .002 % of the Pop.  U rep 900 K constituent U & @SenMajLdr screwed rest of 320 M Amer...cuz u didnt like process

We are fishing for someone to replace you. You will not get re-elected
you are a rhino Republican and we all want you gone. Fake Republican  Senator!!!
As long as they don't have to go to the doctor. Medical care in the far North is tough in the boonies. U are making it worse.
Worked on AK FT in 90s.  Iowan Observer, & only fish he saw as kid was fish sticks in cafeteria.
Obamacare has taken all our money.  Living on noodles.
Mmmmm... I know just the place to stop on the way home that carries the most delicious varieties of smoked Alaskan salmon!
4 about a week we scarfed salmon, halibut, & crab 3 times a day.  Best fish observer ever.  Salmon - not just 4 breakfast anymore. 
Resign.  America does not need a pro-abort Obamacare supporter.  Remember, if it's not baby, then you are not pregnant. Resign.
Murk makes the type of bold RINO statement that is so courageous, strong! She likely supports "National Puppies & Kittens Are Cute" day, too
You have more interest in a fish, than in a babies right.
Get back to work.
Obamacare is not affordable.
Something really fishy about your Obamacare vote. Is it true you are establishment RINO trying to keep power?
Would have been nice if we did not have to continue down the same horrible path called Obamacare, r u for Americans, or not.
We started 2 catch lots of salmon, halibut, and crab, & he said "I'd like to eat some of that", so 2 th galley it went.
We TRUMP voters are going to give you plenty of time to fish when we vote you out of office
Isnt that a HUMPIE? We were JUST in Juneau All we did was release about 40 Humpies! Only caught 1 King sadly! But yes we eat it a lot!
You should have voted to REPEAL OBAMACARE.  You failed to do so. You should now be fired. You are the swamp that needs to leave D.C.
So who caught the fish for you?
Dear Senator: may your fishing always be abundant. We will never forget your heroism in saving healthcare!!America
You can call me Hal, You can call me Sal but just make sure you call me for dinner!!  Great Catch!
https://twitter.com/libsneedhelp/status/895031533609865218 …
You should spend your time voting for repeal and replace instead of fishing!
While other Americans suffer
I'm sorry Senator.It appears that you are not working for all in America. You have been selfish making sure you get reelected in your state

Can't say thank you enough times! Thank you!!!!!
Try a town hall meeting. Or just change parties. I know, just stay out on the water. The American dream doesn't need you
Many of us can't afford salmon because we are paying HUGE healthcare premiums, GET BACK TO WORK or at least repeal your healthcare subsidy!
Seriously?  I love Alaska salmon and all, but cmon. There are more serious things going on.
This is why we CANNOT open the arctic to oil drilling. Alaska is too beautiful. We will find another way as a country.


Hypocrite.. aborted children wont have a chance
Thanks for saving health care. Enjoy your salmon. 
I’d enjoy it a lot more if you hadn’t set the daily limit of kings to ONE.
poor fish
Why there's something fishy about you Senator!
I did!
I hope you reconvene the he Senate to stop Trump's nuclear war.  Help.
Thank you for your hard work and commitment to doing what you believe is right. I admire your perseverance.
Unlike our Canadian friends, please make sure the SOA labels any GMO salmon sold in Alaska, since they're part eel-like ocean pout.
Get back in town baby and keep sticking it to POTUS/McConnell
Go fish..you bailed out on America. Alaskans wake up.  She is a sham. Shame on ur state.
Salmon is great 
Now repeal and replace ACA.
When u get back to D.C.
Great catch! Thank you for saving health care!!! 
Love salmon. Now I have to make some fish. Ha ha! Craving it! Darn!
I had some on my recent trip to Alaska and it was amazing, unlike any other salmon!
Just cooked wild Alaska keta salmon for dinner in Alabama! We admire and thank you for your courage, Senator. #ProtectOurCare
Great catch.  Support our president
Thank you again for saving 70% of the Nations Healthcare... Do you have more democratic followers than you think
I hope the fine ppl of Alaska have the chance to vote your RINO a$$ out of office soon #traitor #VoteLisaOut #RepealACA
Coho on the grill...
You should be in DC working not fishing in Alaska! #worthless#liberalwhore#traitor
Thank you for standing up for us.
LOVE SALMON !!!!
Glad to see you enjoying your day.
Couldn't do your job to repeal & replace, but have time to go fishing...thanks a lot
I'm a liberal Democrat but I still like you
ahh he looks so delicious
I'd rather have decent market-based health insurance, you big fraud.
What time is dinner? Wine or beer with salmon?
Shouldn't u be working on solving healthcare.  Oh right u voted to keep Obamacare! RHINO.  Career Politician.
Salmon tastes a lot better when you're alive because you have affordable health care. Thanks, Lisa!!!
Love you, Alaska, and Salmon!
Please help the resistance to Impeach Trump. Please . It is dire. He is not okay. You know it. Al the GOP know it. It is your duty
We Alaskans are going to impeach lying Lisa. She is a traitor.
Well I'm an Alaskan and I'm not going to try to impeach "lying Lisa", so there's that.
Love wild Alaskan salmon and respect you for serving your people over your party!
Same here. Enjoy your vacation &Thank you!
Please help save this country by Impeaching Trump.  He is Corrupt - A Liar and very scary to have in Power for MOST PEOPLE. It is your duty
He's a disgusting human being. He Needs to be out before his shitty 4 years!
Wrong dude
keep fishing @lisamurkowski  wild fish is the only thing Keep Fighting - defend out @USCG
Nice to see you recharging your batteries --- eating salmon will certainly help!
As a matter of fact, this landlocked Buckeye has salmon ready for supper. Looking forward to a visit to AK next year!
Love salmon and you
My husband caught some Silvers today! BBQ tails for dinner  thank you for all you to protect our food resources, especially salmon!
Salmon has such wonderful health benefits! Would you not agree?
Thanks for telling president sumpumpno
I did in Denver.....
I wish it had been that fresh, but it was pretty dang good!
So about switching parties, when is that happening?
One of my best days was off Seward, when 8 members of my family caught 27 salmon incl 3 Kings. (Yes we had king stamps).  Good luck to you.
Awesome! I hope that healthy salmon fortifies you for the fights ahead!
I hope it makes her sick
#DefundPP no more tax payer money given to #ppact
You didn't repeal Obama Care and to celebrate by going fishing. Unbelievable! You failed. Not voting for you 
Have fin!
Sorry, we're all too busy working on getting Obamacare repealed.  Care to help?
I am sincerely happy that you are getting some R&R...you are going to need that rest to face what is ahead. Trump is dangerous to all of us!
@POTUS makes us too sick to enjoy anything! Please help!
I wish I can do this someday!

From Brian's friend in Japan
wow that is a nice one, thanks for sharring
No there enjoying that Great healthcare
And tax cuts you Republicans promised
WOW that's right your on vacation
While they suffer Salmon!!!
Love fresh caught Salmon :0) Please  remember Puerto Rico hearings about plebiscite results, thank you.
THANK YOU again!

Do you deliver? 
She does she delivers 
My most favorite! Salmon from Alaska. A little bit of heaven up there. Ok love lobster too!
Be kind and send @realDonaldTrump a piece
Thx
In a newspaper
LOL.... was thinking of that...... but didn't want the Sect Serv at my door. 
(p.s. Guantanamo is lovely this time of year )
I'll bring my water goggles

Sad:( throw it back Lisa.
Love salmon.
