but what do you plan to tell your constituents about Betsy DeVos? Surely you don't believe that she is right for Alaska?
You had an opportunity to be on the right side of history, but you voted party over country and your states best interests. Sad.
Update! Thank you for being the first Republican to support your constituents and oppose DeVos. Trying to get you and Collins one more!
& @SenatorCollins R against school choice for black kids
Mothers R crying out for this in violent neighborhoods
#DeVosvote
No on Devos!!!
Please vote yes for DeVos. USA needs school choice also much needed change to a failing education system.
Please vote No on DeVos.  She appears to have plagiarized portions of her questionnaire.
your coawardly vote for Devon will be yr downfall. Shame on you.  I am an Alaskan voter
NO on Devos.  If you want to be on right side of history, NO on Devos.  The movement is now awake and we will remember
.@lisamurkowski helping vote you out next time will give me immeasurable satisfaction. Not the only one who won't forget this.
she's in between a rock and a hard place. The GOP are poised to do some big business, particularly in oil...
And, given Alaska's proximity to Russia, there could be an interesting play ahead.
Have you read about this? http://www.ibtimes.com/putin-considering-russian-high-speed-train-would-end-bering-strait-doorstep-alaska-us-1855716 …
first I've heard, thanks for sharing!
Would you want Devos dictating the future of your children or grandchildren, a person with now experience in the ed field?
please vote no, the fact that she doesn't understand basic federal ed laws should be enough to say No. No training on the job
Vote for trumps pick or you will not be in office next time around you must hate poor kids and want to deny them choice.
Vote no on Sessions
as a mother, veteran, military spouse and US citizen, vote no on #DeVos
Please vote ney on Betsy Devos!!
do not confirm DeVos
Support DeVos at your peril. She's a huge donor to you and voters will remember if you vote for a grossly unqualified Sec.
Please be a voice  in support for quality education for all students and VOTE NO to Betsy DeVos!
You of all people should vote for freedom and choice.  Living in Alaska how could you vote for school bureaucracy Bought out?
YOU are my hero for standing up for our public schools
The future of
Middle class
Our kids
And my beloved profession 
DeVos hasn't earned a confirmation please vote no
do not confirm Betsy DeVos. She is unqualified. She has less education than most teachers in the US
NO TO #devos
I can only hope that you grow a spine between now and the DeVos vote that you let out of committee.
Nope!
I really do hope so. But it sounds more likely she will be primaried soon.
but how did you vote on Besty
Make sure you get to build that road that's sooo important! 
More important than womens & Voting rights 
We're watching you
Vote No on DeVos, Sessions, and Gorsuch to protect all Americans! They do not represent the best we have to offer!
your constituents are BEGGING you to vote no on DeVos, and you let them down. Coward.
please vote no on Devos. Please don't jeopardize our children's future. There are far more qualified individuals.
disappointed in your vote on education... no excuse
you wouldn't hesitate if you thought she was up to the task. Please
no on DeVos!!! We don't have enough options in Alaska for her plans to work!
please please please for the kids don't vote for her. Our kids deserve better and you know it
i am from NJ& I'm asking you to say no to DeVos. She would make my ADHD son's education more difficult than it already is
No on Devos!
please show that there are Republicans with a spine! We're counting on you!
please vote NO for DeVos, she's absolutely unqualified! Our children are watching
Ya, she's relatively normal.  It's consideration of #devos that is a joke.  Please please don't set up our kids to fail.
You must vote NO to DeVos, Sessions, and Tillerson!
All three will be confirmed, honey. Accept that and enjoy President Trump’s 8 years in office. 
please no on DeVos! We are counting on you
Hopefully, your constituents will vote you out after your vote for DeVos. Shameful.
are you looking forward to working with #DeVosvote to destroy Public Education?
Vote YES on DeVos! All our children deserve the best chance for success.
says the egg troll
NO2DeVos. If a child somehow gets a hold of that gun n the classroom & it goes off,

Whos parents will you have to face?
Confirm Betsy DeVos! Our schools have failed long enough. Americans want change. Failing teachers must not continue. *Merit *
Let's hope you also want solutions and an alternative pick to DeVos that work for AK's unique and diverse youth.
Wow. Clearly it's party before kids. Unreal. Voters will answer.
Great to hear! Washington DC finally working together. Americans want TERM LIMITS for Congress! No Career Politicians.
Please vote NO on DeVos. She is unqualified to lead and direct the education of our most precious futures.
as the husband of an educator, I plead with you to vote NO on Betsy DeVos. Not fit to run a system she's never been a part of
vote no for Devos and Sessions!
vote no on DeVos!
please vote no on DeVos. The concerns you raised are so valid, and what message does it send students that she plagiarized?
country before party! Vote no on Devos! Listens to us your constituents
McConnell's wife bought herself a cabinet position. Is that how politics in Washington works now?
#GOPcorruption
just say no to #devos! She is unqualified and just another pay for play pick.
Please say "no" to Devos!
do not confirm devos. Please. Our kids future hangs in the balance
Please do NOT confirm Betsy DeVos.  Please.  Our children deserve someone who didn't buy their way in.
PLEASE DONT VOTE FOR DEVOS PLEASEEE DONT CAVE IN PLEASE!!!!!!!! THERES PEOPLE BETTER FOR THIS JOB
I look forward to the day you actually listen to us, your constituents.
vote NO on DeVos! This isn't about party lines anymore. She is not qualified! #StopDeVos #StopTheCoup
Please do not vote for Devos! She is completely illl prepared
I guess the diverse needs of USA'S children don't matter. Thanks for selling IDEA #noDevos
Best of luck 
DeVos donations overpowered all.
please vote no on Betsy DeVos and Jeff Sessions. #DumpDevos #stopsessions
