at least your doing this right. You need to be fired
Do you think Pres. Trump will get the money to build the wall? approval from Congress? I'm working on a story @TelemundoNews
thank you for your no on DeVos, would have been better in committee!
Hoping you will vote for Devos.  She represents needed change.  To deny her is a slap in the face of Republicans.
no, discerning Republicans will choose a qualified candidate, not DeVos.
I believe she will be confirmed anyways.  Lisa is out of the closet now. We all see she is a Democrap.
it's not partisan to care about qualifications. Glad Sen M was listening to her voters.
Three Anchorage public elementary schools are being forced to become behavior modification schools.  Rubber rooms-
- are being installed, straight jackets will be a common sight.  Families in those school districts need choices.
What about rural schools?  DeVos is a one trick pony.  Vouchers aren't the only answer.
is this a military charter school
Vote for Ms Devos. Public schools right now are a mess. I have to homeschool my sons. If you don't, you will lose your seat.
Alaska may be doing great, but the balance of the country is not doing so well, kids can't read or do simple math, terrible!
this is ridiculous we need this talent to fix our failing educational system, particularly failing to educate in civics...
Thanks for voting no!
you should be proud not being on this kind's side http://www.newsweek.com/pepe-frog-hate-symbol-alt-right-503773 …
yet you still change your avatar to hide it.
Short sighted, bordering on ignorant. From MI & the DeVos's have done great things in education.What's your Problem?!!?
thank you for hearing our voices and voting to #blockdevos
Thank you for being principled and voting No on Devos! You're on the right side of history.
thanks for oppsing the nomination of #BetsyDeVos
. @lisamurkowski Thank you for voting against someone unqualified. Please turn your attention to Putin, Flynn, Manafort, Page, Bannon, Trump
@MLCzone @lisamurkowski thank you for taking a stand against an abysmal proposition for our kids
help us find one more! This woman has no idea what public education deals with! Or how to improve it.
thank you for listening to the people!
at least they have the chance to get out of a bad public school - no thanks to you
Thank you for voting with your conscience -- our school children deserve a qualified Secretary of Education!
I am proud you are taking a stand on DeVos.  Our kids depend on you.
if trump starts world war three, they'll have no future-  all 34 will be dead or maimed
Why don't you share with everyone here how much money the Teachers Union gave you.  It's a matter of public record.
Thank you for supporting our children and voting No on Betsy DeVos. #noDevos
thank u for the no on DeVos. Now please convince a few more to vote no. She is not the right person to represent our schools.
thank you for your opposition to DeVos. Our kids deserve much better. Please find another fellow Rep. to vote no with you.
yet you oppose Devos as sec of education, must be bad blood
, Please follow your instincts and conscience and vote NO on DeVos for students in Alaska.
Prefers inner city kids stuck in failing schools.
POTUS should EO to eliminate DOE. It's politicized by unions & waste of tax payer $. States can handle.
You are doing a fine job, but the agenda of public educators is to remake country as socialist. Reason no teaching of Civics
#DeVos As a member of NEA/OEA and retired educator, you are being misled. Pub Education has been hijacked by alt left
Sullivan won't respond as to his intended vote. This is a clear no for Alaska. Thank you for taking this risk for children.
thanks for voting no for DeVos!
Thank you for not supporting DeVos. I hope we can count on you when the time comes.
Thank you for the knife in the back RINO
we thank u on behalf of our kids!! Convince one more and we can breathe a sigh of relief as parents!!
does not realize everyone who is thanking her will not be voting for her anyway.
please support the president that we the people elected by supporting his cabinet choices. Confirm Devos please
takes $$$ from powerful teachers unions and lobbyist. Drain the swamp and toss #murkowski out! #Alaska #DeVosvote  #MAGA
GREAT, Devos make's it through
As a Democratic and proud supporter of public ed, thank you for your "no" vote re Betsy DeVos.
Thank you for voting no on Devos!!!!! Our children deserve better! You are the hero of the day!
Your the swamp lisa, you'll be drained..
thank you for voting no on Devos!
Thank you for doing your job and not voting for Devos
Thank you Senator Murkowski for your brave vote.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR NO VOTE TO DEVOS!!!!  You are a person of integrity and courage!
Thank you for standing up for our children and against big donors!  We need more Senators with your integrity.
Thank you for voting no on Ms. DeVos, our kids deserve better.
Did you just have a moment of sanity?  #noDevos   - Now please wake up on #StopPresidentBannon, illegal ban on refugees, etc.
u should be ashamed to vote against ed sec. Your a traitor for standing against ur party. This is why women have 0 sense!
Shame on you for not supporting @BetsyDeVos
I'm re: to Devos. Thank you for putting children ahead of politics.
How reassuring it is to know at least one politician puts country before party. No on DeVos let's us know of your commitment.
Thank you for standing up and supporting public schools with your vote "NO" for Devos!
could have voted no the 1st time and ended it  there. She's a coward. She knows her vote won't help here.
Thank you Senator for opposing the train wreck that is Betsy Devos.
thank you for voting NO on #DeVosvote she is bad for our future!!
Thank you for representing some of that common sense that seems to be so scarce in Washington - DeVos is truly a buffoon. 
thank you for voting NO on DeVos!
Thank you for your courage in voting no on DeVos. She is unqualified and will underfund  public schools.
thank you, thank you, thank you!!! thank you for standing up for integrity and our country! No on DeVos!!!
thank you thank you thank you for saving our schools #noDevos
PLEASE DO NOT VOTE FOR BETSY DEVOS! SHE'S NOT GOOD FOR EDUCATION!!
Good job senator. You did the right thing.
as a former Alaskan, thank you for voting no on DeVos.
Thank you for your no on DeVos!
Thank you for saying no to DeVos
Please don't send no more people to the Military! Our loved one's aren't safe under Trump! Enough are trying to get out now!
Thank you for voting no on DeVos!
Thank you for standing up for our nations children .
thank you
.@lisamurkowski so proud of YOU for voting no on Devos. I still have the huge pen from writing your name in 2010 :)
Thank you for putting our children's education first and foremost! I applaud your integrity, Sen. Murkowski.
coward.  Vote yes for kids not unions. Yes on DeVos
cannot believe you voted against our secretary of education
As a grandmother with 4 grandchildren THRIVING in good public schools I thank you for voting NO on Betsy DeVos! Principled!
thank you for voting no on Devos. Thank you for showing some integrity! #VoteNoDevos
YES it is! CONFIRM DEVOS!
Thank you for putting America's children ahead of party politics and voting NO on Devos!
Also thanks for the DeVos commitment from VA
Thank you for your no vote on DeVos!
Thank you for understanding the need for the right Sec. of Education. Please remind your senate colleagues why DeVos is wrong
Thank You for no on DeVos
thank you, and ignore most of the egg avatars.
Why do you claim to be a Republican, when you're really a Liberal?
thank you for your integrity on Devos vote.
YOU NEED TO VOTE YES FOR DEVOS! Voters will remember
Thank you for putting children ahead of party and voting against Betsy DeVos for Sec. Of Education!
Mom of special ed student REJOICING in your no vote to DeVos. Knowledge about education matters! Thank you!
Thank you for Devos vote!
traitor
thank you for standing up for American education. I hope you care enough@ the US to do your due diligence on other nominees.
thank you for voting NO to DeVos!!
Thank you for saving my daughters education!!!  As a Mother and Progressive, THANK YOU!!!!
You should be ashamed to prefer trapping children in proven FAILING public schools
please with help of @SenatorCollins convince at least 1 more to vote NO on DeVos!
- So proud of you for standing up for education and against Betsy DeVos.  Thank you for being a true patriot.
please vote #noDevos so other young Alaskans can have a bright future
Thank You for rejecting DeVos nomination!
thank you so much for your courage and common sense in opposing DeVos for Education Secretary!
you continually disappoint. All the crap going on and not one word about the disaster that trump is
Nice vote! 
stay strong senator!!!!! You are an example of standing up for what is right!!!
Thank you for putting conviction before party.
PLEASE vote NO on DeVos for the sake of our bright future, our children!
THANK YOU Senator for your No on DeVos.
thank you!
THANK YOU for saying NO to DeVos. Our future leaders depend on it. Not happy about Gorsuch. There are much better options.
Thank you for voting NO on DeVos.  Thank you for putting what is right above just straight party politics.  Principles first.
I am a Democrat and I thank you for voting no on Devos
How can edu be so bad if you can send 34 Alaskans to the academies? Don't vote for #devos #devosvote
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK - NO TO DEVOS . You are very brave. 
as a mother I thank you for putting out nation's children above party!
.@lisamurkowski are u joining ur colleague Senator Collins in her vote to protect public education?
Thank you for recognizing a Sec of Ed needs the knowledge, skills and abilities for the job.
Thank you.  And our children thank you and our children's children thank you!  You were awesome!
Congrats to those Alaskans. Now please say no to DeVos to protect the education of Alaska's younger children.
even when the folks she represent are against Devos she says yes shows what she thinks of voters not taking calls as well
sold out you kids Education
@SenatorCollins BetsyDeVos  PLEASE give careful consideration to Ms DeVos' lack of qualifications.Our children deserve better
vote No! Our kids DO deserve a qualified candidate
contrarians education first current system substandard.
so, will you take a stand & help #StopDeVos? #DeVosvote
Alaska is producing great kids, let's keep it that way and find a more qualified candidate than Betsy DeVos.
a no vote on devos in committee would have been kind of nice, too.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cadet_Honor_Code …
If they don't die from the impending war(s) that the @GOP want/need to fight to continue their warmongering. #Sad
.@lisamurkowski Nice, just make sure you hold the lying #45 to same Cadet Honor code.
