Be strong. @realDonaldTrump  counts on sell outs. Be true to yourself. #nowmorethanever
Why can't I have health care like the rest of the world does...what seems to be the problem.
Yes... that DOES include the 1st Amendment, yes??
I don't care for the imagery doesn't include Alaska The star looks a little secantik it's not a United States flag I see.

If Obamacare repeal fails to pass, Trump should immediately sign an executive order making Congress no longer exempt from Obamacare
I have family members with pre existing conditions and on Medicaid. Please don't vote for the new bill.  They need the ACA to stay alive.
Protect our constitution and PLEASE VOTE NO  on Graham Cassidy Health Bill.   Do not cave to the lies and bribes!! God Bless.  Keep ACA!!!!
Admire u tho am a liberal! Alaskans allowed #ACA & rest of us lose it is a horrible legacy! Immoral & no doubt illegal too! #VoteNOPlease

 
Vote no
People must be pretty damn wealthy in Alaska to be able to afford Obamacare!
@lisamurkowski Are you voting AGAINST Obamacare or FOR Obamacare?
Exactly. Treasonous. Benedict Arnolds, all of them.
Please Senator, honor the sacrifice of our forefathers by voting NO on this disastrous bill that would take healthcare away from millions.
We demand the same health care Congress gets.
Now if only we had a @POTUS who respected our Constitution.

Repeal #Obamacarerepeal  @lisamurkowski  #Lisamurkowski https://twitter.com/keg2014gek/status/911699289834786816 …
Keep our Country together: if the ACA for Alaska bride is good for u, it's good 4 other  49 states. Pls vote No for us, PLEASE!
Please use your words to #VoteNO on #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Remember about all of the state's being together and don't be swayed by provisions that  reward some states for a vote against others.
All I see in that photo is genocide, stolen land and racism. You are part of the problem. You're glorifying genocide. You're racist.
Too bad we have a president that disrespects the Constitution every day!

FAITH: 2. Belief; credence; trust. Thus, the #Constitution provides that #FullFaithAndCredit shall be given to the Judgment of each state;
Get rid of the unconstitutional Obamacare if you really care!

I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal & Replace ObamaCare. Money direct to States!

It started at an early age... 
Sen. Murkowski, please do not allow bribery to get you to vote for Graham/Cassidy. Sen.
Thank you. And please don't change your vote on health care. It meant so much to so, so many.
It hurts so so many!!

Lies! People are being conned & manipulated!
Please vote no Graham Cassidy.
Don't forget the line "Promote the common welfare." How does access to health care fit in with those words from the Constitution?
Vote no.
Please put America and the people over party!  Save our care

Tell your representatives to vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy “health care” bill.
It's the people who will have to pay the high price of Obamacare! Can't afford insurance, high deductibles, meds, all healthcare!
Pls stay strong 4 all who wd be endangered by cruelty of Cassidy-Gra. This has become a recurring nightmare 4 countless Americans.
The nightmare has been the high costs of healthcare and the inability to even use what many buy because of Ocare! It willdestroy the country
Senator, please don't accept the bribe. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill. The lives & wellbeing of millions of Americans are at stake.
It's holding up so far...Trump is testing it!
Please do not vote for #GrahamCassidyBill. It's immoral and strips funding from over half of the 50 states. Not @LindseyGrahamSC's state.
without u, my Medicare, disability&pre existing condition z on the line. News sz repubs w give u anything u want. Not us!
Pls don’t buckle!!
Senator, please announce intent to vote NO on #GrahamCassidy so you can move on to regular order. @SenJohnMcCain
If you care abt the Constitution, vote to repeal O'care and restore AK's confidence in you.If not,u should b investigated.
WOMAN HAVE TO STAND UP FOR AMERICANS HEALTHCARE. THANK YOU. MEN DONT HAVE THE COURAGE TO PUT PEOPLE OVER PARTY. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Yeah so follow regular order and vote NO saving healthcare for Millions and thousands of lives. If yes their deaths are on you! Deathcare!
Please be the strong caring woman you've shown yourself to be.Continue support of ACA, a right not a privilege. Don't cower to insurance co.
Amazed that all of your followers appear to be democrats that want other people's money. #RepealAndReplaceTheRINOs
Please do not take the bribe to support the destructive healthcare bill
Please continue to support our Constitution and vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy bill.
I implore you: #GrahamCassidy - PLEASE DO NOT SUPPORT THIS BILL! 
My 10 yr old w/ Type 1 diabetes supports this message.
Your liberal big govt votes don't reflect as a constitutional supporter
Thank you for your continued support of OUR Constitution. Please continue the good fight & don't let others wipe their feet on it. Persist!
Please, please, please do not vote for Graham-Cassidy. So many Americans will die or be hurt by this horrible, non-procedural bill.
Stand strong! Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy bill!  This will  hurt  your constituents! Don't be bullied!
Quick question, @lisamurkowski. Did you weigh in on Graham-Cassidy BEFORE it was rolled out? Bill affects women disproportionately.
Graham-Cassidy allows insurers to NOT cover:
-Pregnancy
-Newborn care
-Mental health services
-Prescription drugs
-Rehab
-Birth control
And the first words are We The People, in order to form a more perfect government........

Koch brother's say no more money unless Republicans take away people's health care and give tax cuts to the wealthy. https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform …
Stick to your guns and never vote for this abomination of a health care bill.
We do. So pls stand firm against yr colleagues on GOP ACA/Medicaid abolition bill. Too many ppl will die. Pls make it possible for me to TY.
Whopper do! Are you gonna vote to kick people off of health care???
Please save our ACA!
Hope you vote against latest healthcare. Lives literally depend on this vote
May they continue to be honored.
Senator, please do not vote for repeal; rather, wait til a better plan for all emerges. That is the right thing to do..beyond politics
You're a becon of sanity...Many Americans counting on YOU to oppose shoddy #ACA replacement #cnn @wapo #nba #ncaa
Why do you support a Leader that defiles the honor of our constitution daily in a greedy attempt to make $$ of of the taxpayers & govt? Why?
Stand up for the people of Alaska,how will elderly pay for nursing home care or the indengit  to have Medicaid. Please vote NO  for ALASKA
Senator shouldn't Congress pass healthcare legislation protecting Americans. How will Alaska make up the loses from Graham/Cassidy. Vote NO
Falling apart now with vociferous and childish words by so called president.  He knows nothing of history or constitution.
As much as they try to bribe you or bully you, you realize how many Americans are depending on you to do the right thing. Please vote no.
...Please vote against the Graham-Cassidy bill. It is a terrible bill that will cause millions to lose healthcare..
Senator, the nation once again looks to you to show compassion and good sense. Vote no on Graham-Cassidy.
Please celebrate what makes our country great by voting no on Graham Cassidy. You know this bill is harmful to millions of Americans.
Thank You. Please vote no on this latest disaster they're calling health care!
Please vote no on Cassidy-Graham. Horrible for pre-existing conditions, horrible for older Americans in nursing homes, and more. Please no.
Please vote NO on the inhumane "healthcare" proposal. Don't be one of the bad guys responsible for millions of peoples' death & misery
Please vote no on Cassidy-Graham.  And please try to convince Dan to vote no as well.  Thank you .
Please vote no to protect our healthcare once again. I appreciate your leadership.
Please vote no on latest iteration to wreck ACA. Let's deal with healthcare in a bipartisan manner. Enough!
Please stand up once again for our healthcare! Please stop the Cassidy bill.
Senator, PLEASE vote no on the Cassidy plan! It drops preexisting conditions protections, leaving cancer survivors like me vulnerable!

Sen Murkowski, please be strong, vote no, please. Also, please consider amendment 25 for Trump. Sen Corker has said Trump unfit/incompetent.
Vote NO!!!
Under the latest GOP #Trumpcare bill, #CassidyGraham, Alaska would lose $255 Million in federal funding. #ProtectOurCare
Don't cave! We have faith in you!!
Can we count on your NO vote on Cassidy-Graham, Senator Murkowski?
Senator - please stand steadfast on your no vote against #trumpcare #GrahamCassidy we need your no more than ever!
We need you again.   Please #VoteNo
Please stand firm for ACA. Please. We beg of you not to kill us. And it's awful to have to say that, believe me.
Senator, please Vote Against GrahamCassidy.
The one thing we still don't follow
Under the latest GOP #Trumpcare bill, #CassidyGraham, Alaska would lose $255 Million in federal funding. #ProtectOurCare
You should re-read this sometime.
Under the latest #Trumpcare bill, Cassidy-Graham, Alaska would lose $255 Million in federal funding. #ProtectOurCare VOTE NO!
Please, Senator, vote no on Cassidy-Graham. We are depending on you.
Alaska!  It's back.
It's astounding how explicit the GOP is that they can only pass ACA repeal if they try to sneak it through while ppl are distracted.
Please do not let your caucus strip health protections from millions of Americans!
Ppact doesn't need taxpayer money  stop shielding them #DefundPP
And thank you @lisamurkowski list of standing up for us. We must ask though that you save us once more, and find a way to kill new HC bill
Feeble attempt to cover your lack of seeing the big pic. Help the TRUMP AGENDA. Stop being a hollow feminist or join Liz Warren.  Bah
Perhaps for constitution day you could give Trump a pocket copy. He doesn't seem to understand it. Perhaps a cheat sheet would help
There was such a document that meant something to some people at one time...seems that time has long gone
Yet gerrymandering is tearing it apart.
Happy Constitution Day! The people need you again. Stand strong, don't be bullied, & save our healthcare from 1 more assault. Regular order.
Please do not repeal healthcare
Funny in 2015 you voted to repeal it that's when it didn't mean anything come 2017 you cave. It needs repealed !  Your a RINO!
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy. Another terrible bill. Alaska and frankly, the county, need you now more than ever.
We live in a great country.  Please support the President's agenda

Maybe you could explain where it gives a federal mandate for government healthcare.
#NoRepeal please do not vote for yet another healthcare repeal - the American people do not want this. It will only hurt us.
@realDonaldTrump
Please vote NO on G-C bill. senate must have a plan that makes sense. hold hearings, do things the smart and right way.
Can you get a remedial course for @realDonaldTrump?
Somebody needs to read and explain it to @realDonaldTrump because he would never understand all the big words in it all on his own.
They are only accomplishments if they are not taken away from us.  We count on your to vote no on this latest, and CRUELEST, HC proposal.
Healthcare should not be a political football.  You know this is as bad as the last.  Be a hero! #SaveACA
Please tell me you are feeling like Wonder Woman. We need you to stand for decency & regular order & reject this Graham-Cassiday bill. 
Too bad your actions do not support it!
have you any clue as to how to read it? your state must of settled for less than mediocre to have elected you. for shame
Somebody send a copy to the president.  He needs to read it
And our President thinks hitting Hillary Clinton is ok. Our Founders never expected this from the highest office
Another liberal lie
Not while the President is undermining our rights.
Please show your respect for the Constitution by standing up to Trumpcare and voting NO again.
Do you oppose the latest merciless attempt to deny affordable health care from millions of Americans?
America is counting on you again to Stand Up for Healthcare #VoteNo #NoGrahamCassidyBill #NoDeathBill #VoteNoSaveAmericanLives Thank You 
♡♡♡ I know you will oppose Graham-Cassidy. Happy Constitution Day to you!
Please protect our Constitution, the rule of law, and people's health coverage. Vote no on the repeal effort. Thank you, Senator Murkowski.
Stop pandering ACA expanded Medicaid to people who can afford.  Many can't pay ACA deductibles so no coverage. Many jobs reduced 30 hrs
Once you get money for Planned Parenthood (regardless what bill it's in) then vote for the Graham/Cassidy bill and give O-Care to states.
Stop being a RINO!!!
@POTUS couldn't name a portion of the Constitution if you asked & has no regard for that document. I appreciate you upholding its ideals.
Unless you r Trump and think it doesn't apply to the President. #NotMyPresident #45NeedsAHistoryLesson
Once again we have an awful healthcare bill coming up. Please #VoteNo
Please vote no on Cassidy-Graham. People's lives are at stake.
Keeping Legal Americans first keeping a military first educating legal Americans first taking care of our vets first using resources4 legal
ACA is a failure
Senator, show me in the Constitution where Government is required to provide health care for all. I can't seem to find it.
It is a necessity but tell me if you can by without decent healthcare
Don't let Cassidy-Graham fool you. They're destroying your people still. Whatever they offer you won't make up for the devastation.#SaveACA
Please continue to oppose millions of people losing their health insurance. Please vote no again!
Please vote no!!!
Counting on you to vote NO on Cassidy-Graham "healthcare" bill! Please, Senator - do what's right. You will be rewarded!
Lisa M is a liar, so will vote no, even though it's hurting small businesses & folk who can't use the disaster known as Obamacare!
As we struggle through a President who seeks to destroy our nation.
WE MUST #ImpeachTrump ASAP.
Period.
Please vote no on Cassidy-Graham bill, Senator Murkowski. We can do better. 

Thank you.
I look forward to ti celebrating the day you lose your "reelection" no accomplishments and hope you get challenged in primaries
Obama care destruction continues. Because of you
LET'S BE CLEAR!
There's absolutely nothing "conservative" about the U.S.Constitution. It is an exceptionally imaginative & radical document!
#justiceformichaelbrandel
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer NO #GrahamCassidy #saveourcare
I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
Please Senator! Please vote no on Cassidy-Graham bill! Please help us one more time!! 
Please support our Constitution and our president
...and those words are daily disrespected and ignored by our present administration... and Congress does nothing.
Healthcare for all is a great idea. What a relief it would be if nobody had to worry about being able to see a doctor.
That would mean more government in our lives and after spending a month this summer in England they do not know how they can support it no $
Please do due diligence and find out what has happened to Britain's healthcare a shame. If I found out by accident s Lisa you surely can !
...and the radical imaginations of our founders continue to carry us through difficult times. Even through the swampy morass of today.
Let nothing destroy or change it.
Happy Constitution Day to you too. Please look at the 25th Amendment and consider it.
Stay strong Lisa.  Don't let Trump bully you.  Principles and integrity count!
Something you and democrats refuse to follow.
What are you doing about healthcare? Medicare for all is not an option.
