All who agree with you are bunch of lazy welfare abusers that don't want to get off their ass & work, & expect us hardworking ppl to pay.
While you are out performing due diligence, go to Washington and tour Virginia Mason Hospital! They have implemented Lean Healthcare...
...WORLD CLASS! They have repeatable processes that can be implemented all over the US.
thumbs up for not following the herd but what is best for our country and the state of Alaska
Thank you for having more balls than the men in the GOP.
I'm sure I don't agree with all (most?) of your views but I respect a smart & strong woman and you've shown to be that.  Thank you Senator
Smart how? She screwed u & the rest of us! Enjoy your Selfie when ppl r forced out because they can't pay 4 it! Kept penalties/no tax relief
The alternate is nothing; do you all have brain freeze?
Kinda
You are a liar, so stop feeling good about anything!
The alternate is nothing; do you all have brain freeze?
why are you exempt from obamacare

2010: Murkowski urges repeal of ACA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GA09df_ekfA …
Thank you for your service to our country, Ma'am, and thank you again for your work to save our health care!!!!
So when are you going to #repealandreplace Obamacare and make my premiums & deductibles affordable so that I can effectively have care?
I'm going pester these swamp creatures about it every chance I can. I will also vote against them whenever I can
Need to post videos where queen lisa says repeal. Also, who's subsidizing her vote! #RepealObamacare
Start with PP they thanked her for their continued funding for abortion clinics!
With our taxpayer $
Idiot
Quietly go away, snowflake bot with bad grammar
Hyde Ammendment. Read it.
Thank you for your courage to do the right thing in the midst of unbelievable pressure from all angles. People will remember your integrity!
I'd be ashamed to show my face in a hospital if I were you after what you did this past week. You should be visiting the human butcher shops
The alternate is nothing; do you all have brain freeze?
#RepealObamacare Pay all their bills while you're at the hospital. You have lots of , someone bought you!
Something is better than nothing.  Do your homework if you can read!!! If not look:  Trump and his family are elitists...don't you get it?
Be strong senator.  You are an inspiration.
Thank u so much! You're an example of strength & courage to women & girls! It takes a woman to show boys how to play nice in the sandbox! 
No she is an incorrigible delinquent and pants on fire liar. Demonstrator against Lisa Mukrowski everyone. She is a disgrace to America.
Why, because she voted for Bipartisanship?? Isn't that what our leaders are supposed to do,work together? We don't elect them to divide us.
There is no bipartisanship anymore. You are one or the other.
I respectfully disagree. I have more faith in human nature & the power of the people to be that cynical. We shall see...
Take away Congress' GOLDEN TICKET of bailout for #Obamacare 
Start w/ Murkowski who defends it

Gratitude makes everything better!
Thank YOU
Sending love from this Kentucky Democrat!
Thanks for what u do for us in Georgia my son has Medicaid waiver for his daily life.  We thank you so much.
You make me want to move to Alaska Senator. Thanks so much for your leadership.
From Tennessee, thank you for your bravery. A beautiful, strong woman!
You are a champion!
Thank you for betraying those who were counting on you to do the right thing. My 3 year old cannot get her medicine now.
Take ur victory lap as the Democrats lap you up. We are left to suffer and die now. 1 or no insurance plans offered now. Why let us suffer?
Thank you for standing up for all Americans.  Keep up the good work
@lisamurkowski shine bright. You're a star in the dark sky.
Thank you for supporting hospitals in AK!!
So proud to have you as our Senator.  Thank you!
Did you ask them why they charge so much for medical needs? Never mind, they need it for your kickback.
Did you get around to asking the patients how they are getting screwed over by Obama care?  I'm sure they just love their high deductibles.
Thank you for your courageous vote Senator, for 
Alaska and the whole country.
Thank YOU for what you do for Americans
Stand for Alaska @lisamurkowski I am proud of you.
You did what you felt was best
Thank you for your compassion for all Alaskans. You are the jewel of the senate! Murkowski for President 2020
Yeah thanks for nothing liar , repeal/replace
Thank you for your "No" vote on a horrible bill.
All the people calling you a traitor act like they can vote you out when they don't even live in Alaska...
We are very lucky to have you representing us in the senate
Thank you for your position on the ACA. We do need revisions but not those that were on the table.
THANK YOU for your life-preserving vote for America's health. Millions of us applaud your courage & compassion. Your constituents are lucky!
Let's hope none of them are relying on Obamacare after you STUCK IT TO THEM last week. You should be ashamed.
Thank you for standing up to our Bully President!
@gop @dnc Make all Senators have to be on ObamaCare! @POTUS make exe Order forcing them all ti pay fir their own Insurance like Us! #maga
Thank you for your integrity despite threats from zinke. Please continue to do what is right and stand up to this awful administration
@gop @DNC dnc Must be nice as a Senator with special Health Care! Maybe ud actually fix ObamaCare if u had to be on it and Pay for it!
, why don't you step down as senator and stay on your vacations..
Thanks LISA OBAMA CARE DID THIS CAN'T GET HEALTH INSURANCE THANKS AGAIN
Visiting a hospital after a strong vote to support healthcare is fantastic! We all thank you #MurkFanClub. Also, Sitka is gorgeous
#Alaskans Recieve an annual Oil Check! SUPPORT OUR @POTUS  #SocializedMedicine SUCKS Use Your BRAIN!
Thank you Lisa!
Alaskans are smarter than u give them credit for. No federal help equals lower annual oil stipend. 1/2
You. Better  find a retirement home in Sitka. U r out of Washington. Do nothing republican.
Did you get your cape from PP yet? Be sure to post a pic on twitter f/all to see.
Thanks to all the heroes who helped #StopTrumpcare!

We delivered #StandWithPP capes to all the senators who protected our care! 
Thank you for your vote!
My daughter, an Alaska resident, is living well with Type 1 diabetes, but she needs the ACA to stay healthy.
#NoTrumpcare
Many, many thanks, Senator Murkowski, for your courageous stance and nay votes on the health care bill this week.  Bravo.
Well, at least she is a consistent no. Henceforth, to be known as Senator Lisa No. Thanks for helping the rest of America stuck with AHA.
Lisa murkowski Yuri joke and you betrayed the American people
American people wake up the Senate is a nothing but a bunch of fat cats getting rich off Middle America they do not support our President
July Fifteen Two Thousand Seventeen the moon  split America is now Two who shall lead US now sister of God?
Will you consider leading our New Righteous Nation sister we need Alaska vision now more than ever to face Washington DC fear machines
Lisa sister of the Mountain I beg your mercy and courage to please consider seriously  your enormous supernatural support for your stand

#Traitors are just that

TRAITORS https://twitter.com/seanmdav/status/890960831533527041 …

#SlitherBackUnderYourRock
Thank you for putting Americans first & standing up against partisan Mitch's Birches and POTUS
Thank you. There are many more that cannot speak their thanks on Social Media. Keep pluggins for common sense health care! v@99515
I'm a democrat and I want to thank you for voting for what you think is good for all your constituents. #WomenGetTheJobDone
Murkowski you and your family need to be forced onto Obamacare
I'm sure the patients threw things at you for causing them to pay out the nose for Obamacare premiums & sky-high deductibles. BTW- good job
When in Rome...where are your Xtratufs?  

McCain voted no, but Murkowski and Collins also stood their ground  via @davechensky
You lied to your constituents. For what??
So PP is thanking you for lying?  Why are you in the Republican Party?  Alaska WANTS THERE DONATIONS BACK!

Thank you Lisa for a vote to protect rural hospitals!
Thanks for what you do for fellow Americans!!
Its nice to know the native and medicaid population can count on you to keep them out of needing to work...sad for the working class
Its so nice to see you are enjoying time away from DC.
Senator Murkowski,  thank you for your consistent work to keep the health care debates rational and civil.  Rock on.
Thank you, for being the backbone of America , when the others failed us. 
Thank you as well....
Traitor
Thank you Sen Murkowski for your courage. Visited Sitka in '07...beautiful!
Thank you for ur bravery, i am from Arizona & admire you along with our senator Mr. McCain & senator Susan Collins
Thank you Senator Murkowski!
Thanks for what you just did for patients, docs, hospitals & medical workers!
I have heard Sitka is awesome.  I would love to visit.
Soak in the praise Lisa. Turncoat.
Thank you, Senator Murkowski, for standing up for working families. That skinny repeal would have closed rural hospitals all over the U.S.
Thank you. You didn't betray the GOP,  you just stood up for your people by voting no on a bad bill. Better HC coverage, prems, bill passes.
You serve Alaska Senator......but you saved ALL of us......thank you!
Speak to anyone with insurance pre-ACA who's premiums have doubled along with deductibles or just talk to freeloaders?
Thank you Senator. Alaska has a representative that sees the bigger picture. Thanks for playing the long game. Enjoy your day.
Having doubts about Murkowski and will vote for someone else.
Thanks to you Lisa for betraying Alaskans and America. you have failed us for the last time.
Thanks for your support of Obamacare Lisa!! Lobbyists and multi-millionaire health insurance CEO's know you have their backs!
Damn girl you just gonna flaunt that azz like that in those pictures? You're responsible for this messy Trump-gasm I'm about to have.
Traitor, fraud, liar.
I agree.....trump is all of those things.....and worse
bully !! Criminal!! hmm you are missing out on the biggest stories I guess
How's health care and tax reform doing?
Thanks, in the not too distant past, the Republican Party threw you under the bus, Alaskans stood by you, now you're standing up for us.
Thank you for standing strong against Trump's bullying.
Thank you for having a soul and doing the right thing!! Thank God there is people like you!!!
Love Alaska. I'm a nurse and one day I hope to work there.
I want to applaud you for standing up to the mentally deranged unfit Drumpf!! Thank you for your lifesaving vote of NO on the ACA!!
Can't love this enough. THANK U Senator for your courage and bravery. #staystrong 
To bad your not doing good for fellow Alaskans
Thank you!
Thank you @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins You're the real deal, super heroes!
Thank you Senator for representing Alaskans so darn well. Proud of you and grateful for your leadership.
You better enjoy that while you can
What did the Liberal establishment
Pay you to screw your own voters
Hope it's worth it TRUMP TRAIN 4 U
Hence the "no" votes!  Nice job!
You failed Americans like my family. Middle class, working, paying extremely high premiums/0 Coverage this year on all my doc visits & meds.
No you didn't Lisa you fought for the people and put them over Party...bravo @lisamurkowski bravo
She's not a @SenateGOP and lied in her campaign. We call that a TG.
Lisa had integrity ..lit can happen ...
Thank you Senator for standing with the American people.
BUT YOU SCREWED ALL OF US AMERICANS THAT HAVE NO HEALTH INSURANCE BECAUSE OF OBAMACARE #RINO #HYPOCRITE
Will you be coming to Seward? I would to say THANK YOU in person!!!
Millions of Americans breathed a sigh of relief because of you and Sens. Collins and McCain. Thank you for stopping that garbage bill.
bunch of losers http://politicians.GOP  should be embarassed by those turncoats
You are a traitor
Thank you, Senator.
Thank YOU for what you do for all of us!
Thank you for being a steadfast voice for the people of Alaska, Senator.
Repeat famous gag, take some tires up to Sitka's Mt. Edgecombe crater, set a fire and watch the fun.
It's amazing how you were committed to force taxpayers to pay for a plan that KILL'S infants.
Thank you for your courage for the American people @lisamurkowski 
Senator you have my support forever for putting people over party.  Thank you.
This was not people over party. My family can no longer afford premiums. We will be taxed and have zero insurance. Premiums have tripled!
Thank you for your courage.
Thank you for basically saving my life. I will.nrver forget 
You -&-July.28th 2017
The country appreciates your leadership.
Not Alaskans, she is toast
Are they killing babies there?
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/06/16/lisa-murkowski-planned-parenthood-funding-239643 …
Except in other states, where life isn't gov subsidized, people can't afford their health care. Not to mention u lied to ur constituents.
Make sure you tell them it's because you wanted Planned Parenthood funded and that you felt killing unborn babies was the way to go
If it still was Mrs. PALIN....the outcome would have been different !
Thanks, Lisa. You and @SenatorCollins are heroes.
You two made it possible, can't imagine some of the words coming out of people's mouths to try to get you to change your mind.
Most of the words from Alaskans are, YOUR FIRED. We have repeal power over lying senators. We will remembered.
Look at your tweets.. what a mess. Check out the approval rating of this bill and ask yourself why you were one of few who approved. Why?
Thank you for your vote and thank you for being a beacon of light in this dark administration.
Thank YOU for what YOU did.  Stood strong.
Why are you exempt from obamacare
#CarrollCountyMd  Thanks you Senator.#WeStandWithYou
#murkowski2020 primary trump...please.
Now explain to them why you're responsible for letting them down. They will continue to pay high deductibles and high insurance.
Thank you for what you did for our country and your courage! People over party.
Thank you again for your vote against #Trumpcare. How about #SinglePayerNow?
This is the perfect victory lap!

Thanks for keeping the Senate responsible and accountable!
Done following
