Replace with a public healthcare system? Medicine is too profitable a business to ever be truly affordable for normal folk!
Thank you for your efforts towards the ACA.
why not propose a plan BEFORE repealing the ACA that gives millions of people healthcare they didn't have before #commonsense
please don't take away the ACA and health care for 18 million = more sick, more dead and job losses read the CBO report
Please guarantee that people with pre-existing conditions are covered. Our lives depend on it. Thank you for your work.
are we supposed to appreciate this? What is plan to replace, that SHOULD come first, honestly...
Slow down the repeal! I'm a 49 yr old recurring cancer survivor; care for my pre-existing condition keeps me alive! #mylife
It's one thing to take down ACA, but where's this replacement? #cartbeforethehorse
Please vote against Price nomination. As Secretary he would insure that Health and Human Services is none of those things.
This vote, w/o a transition/replacement plan, is a death sentence for many of us. Including me. Not hyperbole, FACT. #SaveACA
. @lisamurkowski a slowdown of #Obamacare repeal is prudent before my insurance is ripped from me and I die in the street...
WE NEED A REPLACEMENT BEFORE YOU DISMANTLE OUR INSURANCE TO MILLIONS OF PEOPLE! #aca #ourfirststand #wheresourreplacement?
The ACA saved my husband's life & kept us from bankruptcy. pls do not repeal this lifeline. I beg you to do the right thing
You've had  SEVEN YEARS to come up with replacement or fixes. You haven't. Dereliction of duty, you're not fit to govern.
Hope ur not gonna allow Repub leadership to throw hardworking Americans off #ACA w/o a gd replacemnt.I know many who need it!
Please don't repeal ACA. Avg premium growth rate is 40% lower than Avg. growth rate over preceding decade. -Kaiser Foundation
How, exactly, do you plan to do that? It would be refreshing to hear you explain given even @RandPaul's skepticism
yes and what happens in the meantime?  How many will die because they can't get medical?
the ACA has improved access. insurance CEO's making billions, Secret - when the pop is sick insurance co make more money....
Pls don't take away the ACA.
If you don't like it, work on it, Amend it. But don't take it away and harm vulnerable people like my husband and son. I beg.
How can you take away something as good as the ACA without anything to replace it? Were you elected to harm people or help?
Thank you, Senator, for your efforts to slow down the repeal of ACA. It's VERY important to have a replacement plan in place.
what about pre-existing conditions  fight for your rights people
No repeal without replacement. We need a bipartisan solution that improves care.
You're weak and have failed to come through. A shady #Rino is worse than an ignorant democrat. Alaska needs to wake up.
When do you expect to have the replace part of the program ready for the American people to see?
follow@heritage plan. Only #FullRepeal is acceptable.
Please do not repeal the ACA until there is a legitimate replacement. The American people need affordable healthcare!
please, in a thoughtful and careful manner, with transparency.  U.S. citizens are literally fearful for their lives.
you need to get on board with the change and quit dragging it on. I am an Alaskan voter
how many people will be left without healthcare while the republicans are making America great again?Listen to the people
we appreciate your wisdom in slowing repeal until there is a solid plan. Millions of republicans need this help
a plan to balance the budget while you're at it (thanks Rand Paul) would be nice.
Don't forget about the AK democrats and indepents who vote for you in the primary, no one wants another Joe Miller episode.
#ACA provided my son with insurance & meds he needs to live. Removing pre-existing protection could cost him his life.
If you have a plan, tell us! You haven't come up w/one in 8 yrs. You'll "begin the process" over my dead body. Literally. 2/2
While you "begin the process," millions of Americans will be w/o insurance. For many, that means no chemo, no surgery... 1/2
, all at a cost to users. Death to pre-condition patients, eh? We are supposed to work with insurance vendors, really?
"now begin"??
Obamacare does NOT cover ALL Dependents to age 26.It EXCLUDES Children covered by AK.RETIREE Health Policies. PLEASE FIX THIS
Don't repeal without a replacement. Don't leave all those people currently covered by the ACA high and dry.
What have you been doing the last 16 years? Show us the plan!
I beg of you to understand how irresponsible it would be to vote to repeal the law without a responsible replacement. Thanks.
This should have been the GOP's first step. Then repeal. You don't delete something without a replacement in place.
Deeply disappointed in you rushing to repeal ACA without a viable replacement in place. Shame on u. Voters will remember
I'm pissed. You're sucking right up to those TEA party scum
so you repeal before you have put forth any replacement that doesn't have a lot of #CommonSense very sad. Where is the plan?
Where's the plan thought there was a plan.
Why didn't states step up before the ACA?
You have nothing to replace ACA with.  It's all smoke and mirrors.  At least be honest about it so people can prepare.
We can "now begin the process of creating?" Wow. Really disappointed, Senator. The American public hasn't seen the plan.

Was this the old guard's way of celebrating "out with the old and in with the new"?  Does that make me collateral damage?
The ACA brought my premiums down from $1237 to $592 a month for insurance coverage that is mediocre at best.
Just put it back the way it was before The Company gang-stripped $2.9trillion in the name of "insurance" and prosecute Pelosi
Not a fan of ACA but shouldn't we have created the affordable health care system Before we repealed the system we have? >.>
as an AK constituent, I'm hugely disappointed in you for caving to repeal efforts w/o a plan to replace. Our family needs ACA
I'm so disappointed you would repeal rather than just improve existing...
Now? You've had 6+ years to figure this out...very irresponsible. #ResistTrump
2030?
do tell us about affordable healthcare system that improves care, @lisamurkowski. Otherwise you're just #RepealAndRun in the dead of night.
THATS Right!
