Garland deserves a hearing before Gorsuch gets close to one
Time to move on get things done

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Monument_to_the_Forefathers …
better wake up girl
senator thank you for knowing what is right in regard to DeVos. Price should be in prison for
for insider trading and a Munchen is disgusting thrief who stole my brothers home. Vote No!
Can't count on you. Shame.
I would like you 2 reconsider your vote to confirm @BetsyDeVoss as Education Secretary. Not necessary we be steeped in Pub Ed
and DeVos isn't? The public schools will prolly do a lot better than they have been.  Poorly ran
Betsy DeVos is a terrible choice for Sect of Ed. Please reconsider voting her in. Thank you.
DeVos @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski U vote no We r all paying attention @realDonaldTrump @POTUS doesn't endorse both U next election #MAGA
Hope you can vote right on SCOTUS
Guess no one gave you money to oppose him?
@TheDemocrats  Did anyone check out the Fascism Forever Club thing? I think we should know because that could disqualify him
The New York Times has a piece about him and covers this. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/04/us/politics/neil-gorsuch-supreme-court-nominee.html …?
what, no one on the left paying you enough to vote against him??
I can always vote for someone else. This is a terrible direction to take our court, all while DJT doesn't respect judges
Garland was a great choice as well, why wasn't he given consideration? Pathetic
Please have the same courage to listen and act with integrity on Gorsuch as you did with DeVos. No Gorsuch.
Are you going to vote for the Judge?Or will you vote with the Democrats this time also?
will you be voting against him? Oh wait no union contribution involved
I see your serious about the Constitution but not poor inner city children getting a true education.
you are an embarrassment
shame on you for picking teacher unions over student success.
Um no. Not a good choice. Doesn't believe in basic human rights like right to death, abortion, immigration, etc. Wake up.
Merrick Garland is similarly an excellent choice for #SCOTUS, with stellar reputation. Save Judge Gorsuch for next seat.
He will dial back women's rights, I thought I just saw a picture of you promoting Women's health, Explain Please
What is his position on women's rights?
1st nation people's? Treaties? Refugees? Health Care? Birth control? Climate?
His Hobby Lobby position aligns him with the Citizens United decision. You support it? Pernicious undermining ofor democracy.
Thank you for your support of Judge Gorsuch. Also, thank your for the great things done for AK. However your vote
Devos was an excellent nominee also!  You are an embarrassment by going against another qualified woman!!
come on Senator , you have the guts to say no to DeVos and you will vote for a judge more Right than Scalia .
as an origionalist one can assume he'll rule against women in questions of equality since there is no ERA. Don't risk that!
Disagree. We deserve a moderate SCOTUS not one who is right-leaning & who, in college, was the head of the "Fascism Forever"
I disagree with your assessment Senator. Merrick Garland is an excellent choice for the #SCOTUS not Gorsuch.
not sure how we got to someone not being an overt psychopath being apt to an important position became something to celebrate
not as crazy as it could've been however, stolen seat which anybody who is patriotic should find an affront.
I am truly concerned about his early day obsession with fascism, particularly under this corrupt authoritarian admin
@SenatorCollins Why don't you want poor children in the inner cities to have a good education?  #disgraceful #Democrat Lite
How can you fight for people's rights, then support an anti-women, anti-healthcare, anti-worker, pro-corporate-power Justice?
Gorsuch = excellent choice for SCOTUS, credible and very competent
Sen did u say anything when obama spent 9 bil on the U.N.? That would have paid for the Wall. Defund the U.N.
why start acting like a conservative now!! You made your choice when you decided to vote again the Ak people - re: DeVos!!
very worried about his white supremacy ties and his ties to Justice Kennedy.
He's a right wing hating racist--please oppose him
THANK YOU Senator! Judge Gosuch is an excellent!
Gorsuch's perspectives are formed by an ideology of Christian Privilege, not religious freedom. POOR CHOICE FOR AMERICA!
A true "originalist" would know that the Founding Fathers had a much different world perspective than today's republicans.
"The government of the United States is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion." - George Washington
Are you crazy?? He is not!
And once again not taking into consideration the women in your district...will you ever learn?
NOOOOO
YOU R a hero to
Alaska 
Public schools 
Teachers 
Our future 
OK is in revolt 

CHOICE is a lie
God bless 
You are a Turncoat Liberal Hack. DeVos has done more for inner-city kids than anyone. How much did the Teachers union pay U?
what about his reputation as a decent human? A man who stands for justice and representing the values of the people - not him
Merrick was an excellent choice so we will give Gorsuch same consideration. Don't tell use not to mess with it.
#TermLimits
Do your job RINO, @NEA puppet!
dammit Lisa! Come on! You did a good thing opposing deVos and now you support this crazy? Disappointed.
DELIBERATE DESTABILIZATION.
Know these words.
Remember these words.
That's what #PresidentBannon is all about. Lenin lives.
You're not serious? Just set the calendar back a few decades. More corporate power? Fewer civil rights? Nah I don't think so.
women are under attack by your party and the abomination so I hope for the sake of your career you are correct.
ok Gorsuch.I am more upset re:EOs,botched raid,dead NavSEAL,public sham heads of state+propoganda+lies  40%voters want impeac
My heart broken by this administration. How angry Obama must have made you. But thank u for standing up for our children.
Wrong. It's not business as usual as long as a traitor authoritarian demagogue is installed in the presidency.
No. your Alaska constituents including me are watching every vote and counting on you to reject Gorsuch.
we need to comfirm that Trump is a legit president.
shouldn't the vote be delayed until the Rus. Election Hack. Invesitgation completes?
i'd prefer Merrick.
Lol. And Garland? Are we supposed to pretend that didn't happen? #DoNothingCongress
I'm concerned about his Hobby Lobby decision - women, not their employers, should make their own health care choices.
will he protect my right to choose? I don't want to become a second class citizen. ps I am post menopausal!
I guess he would work if you desire a bit of Fascism in the Supreme Court!
You are a fantastic speaker !!!
that may b true but Merrick garland was a grt choice as well & wasn't even considered due to game playing by repubs.pathetic.
NO HE IS NOT! VOTE NO ON GORSUCH
staler fascist hurrah
A valid SCOTUS nomination was stolen. Please do the right thing. Our country deserves better than to have the GOP play games.
Gorsuck showed us his true colors in Hobby Lobby, zealot Gorsuck will put religious dogma above the US Constitution.
#noDevos
please explain his fascism forever club
and for a minute there you were doing so well. Sigh.
I agree and see no evidence of any stances against women, good Christian man.
argh
thank you jesus
not sure if you know  about the club Judge Gorsuch founded "Facsim Forvever" take a look please
You should be shamed of yourself for what you are doing. Is the $$ worth it?
was justice Scalia into Fascism too?
lol, so was Garland.  Maybe next year!
it was the voters chioce and the election was evidence of chioce preference- not outgoing POTUS
wrong
sorry but Congress agreed to let voters choose in November; they thought Clinton was shoe in; now it's a different story!!
#SCOTUS nomination is garbage! Demand better! demand better for Alaska!
I was so impressed with your stance on DeVos but you lost my donation with this praise
you are absolutely wrong my dude. please try to remember your place. your duty is to serve the people and this country.
Merrick Garland was too.  You okay with the GOP power grab that STOLE a seat / nominee from B Obama?
Obama had two SCOTUS = enough
at least until the Teacher's unions come out against him.
was Merrick garland an excellent choice? Where was his hearing?
it was the voters chioce and the election was evidence of chioce preference- not outgoing POTUS
I wonder how you look at yourself in the mirror when you get up in the morning.

There was already a nominee with an actual stellar, legal reputation...and not a fascist fanboy.
it was the voters chioce and the election was evidence of chioce preference- not outgoing POTUS
I have no idea what your "Mr. Clean" version of this election is/was, so I'm just going to get you off my timeline.
.@lisamurkowski If u belonged 2 any of the groups he seeks to marginalize I think you'd feel differently Heard of his club Fascism Forever?
hobby lobby isn't discriminatory?
he will chose corporations over people!!! Women are a threat to employers? Seriously? This is a good pick???
It's not about succession of Scalia. Merrick Garland is an excellent jurist that was denied a hearing and vote. No Gorsuch.
how much was your soul worth?? So sad you people are making decisions that will ruin our country
so was Merrick Garland
it was the voters chioce and the election was evidence of chioce preference- not outgoing POTUS
He started a Fascist Forever club. Beer pong on the interwebs is a bad decision....this is a disposition. #BlockGorsuch
fake news
Good choice aside, Republicans stole this! I will never forget.
it was the voters chioce and the election was evidence of chioce preference- not outgoing POTUS;
Sorry, but the people's choice is to elect the President. Obama was our choice and he did his job. Stolen seat
Wrong answer.
