Thank you for continually voting to keep our healthcare intact!
What healthcare? The one where I overpay for mine so that you can underpay for yours? Forgive me for withholding my enthusiasm.
Insert comment about arguing on the internet... have fun with that.
Hard to have fun when I am being robbed by the government, forced to overpay for something I don't want so others can underpay for theirs.
That isn't how health insurance is supposed to work. You should probably stop watching so much Fox.
Hope you had a good time. If I may ask, is this handsome man your husband?  You are the best.
Good for us too

Have a splendid time at home in your great state, Senator, and thank you for your leadership. I'll bet the moose encounter was awesome.
Grow up and #DefundPP stop at the grave and say a prayer
We will vote you out!  Swamp creature  and feeder off the Medicaid Extension. Recipient of a 70% insurance supplement
I want to tell you thank you for voting no on the health bill my son has Autism if it wasn't for aca my son would not be able to talk thanks
Glad ur able 2 have these adventures while a lot of America is crushed by the weight of Obama Care premiums. We're lucky 2 have gas 4 work
I wanna visit your place next time..looks wonderful

Thanks for your strength and service. Have a great break!
You're a liar.
Stick to your principles--don't give in. Thank you!
Absolutely beautiful
You screwed Alaskans and now we are going to kick you out of office

Courage...my thought when I think of u
Beautiful country up by you!
love Alaska....
Last week, I cancelled my trip to Alaska in September
sure ya did....
I did. I was to go on the Ruby Princess September 23rd. I booked it last November. I cancelled it last week.
Probably just as well; you wouldn't have appreciated our state with your blind partisanship.
If it's full of people like you, you are correct.
Many Republicans in lower 48 hope you don't come back.
Count us in on not coming back.  @realDonaldTrump @SebGorka @JudgeJeanine
Glad you're enjoying some time off after fighting so hard for all Americans! 
The ones that are suffering under Obamacare?
Good to be rid of you; can't hurt GOP while u r goosed by a moose.  RINO @realDonaldTrump
Thank God you aren't sick and on Obamacare like us. You seem to have a pretty happy life.
Thank you - there aren't words to express my gratitude to you. You saved my insurance. Cotton n Boozman threw me under the bus. You saved me
Do the USA a favor and stay in Alaska.....forever.
@POTUS  Have fun on vacation.  @realDonaldTrump is still working.  No vacation for people who want healthcare.
While you are enjoying yourself on vacation most of us cannot afford for healthcare and yet you vote to subsidize your insurance 72%
You might as well take a vacation up in the Arctic, you did the Republican Party a disservice as well as the American people on healthcare
You are me help. Obstruct is not where you need to be. Term  limits!
Many would have preferred you ran into a kodiak.
You need to provide a drug test please
And why you're picking blueberries I'm trying to figure out how to make my next healthcare payment
You need to be in Washington trying to fix the problem you caused instead of vacationing. I hope &pray you are defeated next election.
You left on vacation after lying to the American people? You're worthless.
Your vote to kill health care repeal betrayed the American people
while your having a good time people are suffering under obamacare- my cousin-obamacare is nazi medicine
Thank you for being human!!!
So when's that townhall???
Enjoy, Senator!  Isn't it nice when you go home after voting your conscience?  Some of your colleagues aren't having such a good time...
while you are enjoying your 70% healthcare subsidy & leisure activities, we are working to pay for our FULL PRICE healthcare bill #NotCool
A crappy buyer beware healthcare bill you mean
Do you pay for your healthcare or are you taking subsidies from hard working Americans?
A well-deserved day....
Must be nice to not have to worry about having healthcare cost higher then your mortgage.  Your NO Vote is killing us.
Bot
I didn't realize the berries were ripe up there yet. Were there lots?
The people of Alaska need to remember how you promised to repeal Obamacare when you needed their vote. Hope they vote for anyone but you.
She said repeal and replace
lol....yes because you get a waiver on your health care bill while the rest of us get screwed thanks to your hypocrisy.
Thank you for your service to the American people! I am a Democrat who is inspired by your love of country!! Keep it up!
Yet, u couldn't vote to repeal Obamacare after Republicans promised for 7 years. Disgraceful, Lady! U will be PRIMARIED!!!
Why is it fine for you not to have to suffer under the oppressive yoke of Obamacare whilst I do? What makes you so special? Do tell.
Explain to me why it's fair to force me to overpay for my health insurance so others can underpay for theirs. Why are you exempt from it?
Quick question; why did you lie and campaign on repealing Obamacare, even voting for its repeal in 2015; only to wuss out in 2017?
Just noticed-great headwear for a blueberry hike in AK!
God bless you and thank you again for your strength in doing the right for the American people with healthcare
You go girl.
Thanks for being a P.O.S. RINO and helping to wreck healthcare. See you in 2022. 
You are the true sprite of what this country should stand for and what the founding fathers planed for it. 
( Selfevidence )which you define
Wish you shop for my health care plan. Hope I don't get sick or my new family.
Your courage and integrity has made you one of my heroines, and I'm a Democrat. Enjoy your time in your beautiful state.
Not a town hall
I'm a liberal NYer who votes for real people. I would vote for you for any office !
Thank you for preventing the horrible healthcare bill from passing.
Thank you for your courage. We need more independent thinking senators like you.
Thank you for being a hero on healthcare right now!!
so glad you are having fun after screwing America
Kansas - how's that Brownback solution working out 

Looks beautiful. I'm jealous, in HOT Houston!!!
Beautiful photos, thanks!
Repeal Obamacare, and quit wasting time with hearings. November the COMMITTEE voted it gone.
We thank you.
Trump Train Choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo
Good for you hero!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you for listening to your constituents and killing the bill
Thank you Senator.  We are behind you!!!
I so admire you.
Thank you for caring about the citizens of this country!
Enjoy your vacation, dear @lisamurkowski
Enjoy your time off Senator.   You deserve it after fighting for the ACA.
Can't fight for a failed system she failed.
Thanks again for killing that immoral healthcare bill. 
After what she did I am switching to the Republican party. Done
Thank you for your vote. Enjoy the time with your loved ones!
After you saved health care. Keep it up and get enough rest.
Thank you for protecting our healthcare!
