Preach that to Hillary sen. she is the ultimate insecure bully
What's the senators platform used for then? Bringing the president & country down?
Your blind loyalty to that man child is laughable.
His followers are sick in the head. Not 1 with the ability to think for themselves. #StraightIgnorant
Hahahhahahaha 
He can't help himself. He is who he is. One thing he's not is presidential.
Bottom line is both of you parties have done a serious misjustice to the American people we need to wipe the Slate clean. WE THE PEOPLE
He got impeached for that
I think Females for Trump is a bot or a legit nut job.  That account blocked me b/c I wasn't blindly agreeing w its foolishness
Hahaa! Oh o.k. maybe a bot! Theres so many of them! I read it was reported that there was something like 37,000 of em infiltrated Twitter!
Please do not let him destroy our country
Thank you Senator for saying STOP. But please do more- stand up for our country. We need you. The women of Senate must unite and fight.
Senator, every other POTUS in my lifetime (33-44) has released medical records & undergone complete exam at Walter Reed results made public.
Please demand that 45 do the same, or introduce legislation mandating. If he is "troubled"--as it appears--voters have a right to know.
i am a Cleveland, o Democrat and love your courage correctness
It is, and uMadam, are a 2 face traitor.
It's treason then.
Thank you for being a voice of reason in the GOP.
I'd like to follow LM, but she voted for HJ Res. 69 - to overturn the law that protected wolves and bears.
Your senate platform should be doing more for Alaskan residents besides lining your pockets
I CALL HYPOCRISY... THAT'S THE PROBLEM WITH LIBERALS , COMPLAIN , CRITICISE ABOUT EVERYTHING THEY ARE GUILTY OF , SO NO YOU STOP IT. !!
Finally, a member of Congress with the backbone to stand up to Trump! 
If only CNN felt the same way!
Dear Sen. Murkowski, Please stop giving any support to Trump. Please vote against him at every turn. His behavior threatens our republic.
Thank you, Senator, but we need less words and more action from a Congress that supports a corrupt @GOP administration who colluded w/enemy.
"WE THE PEOPLE OF THE REPUBLIC R THE NEW FED'S IN TOWN" & WE'RE FED UP SO SHUT UP & STAND DOWN.
SHUT UP LISA when U can get them 2 stop harassing Our POTUS then U will b relevant Until then SHUT UP & SIT DOWN.
As well as the media specifically joe & Mika. They bring all of America down with their mental & verbal abuse - daily.
Stand strong Lisa
The GOP refuses to stand up and end this disgrace of a president.  Time to do something. PLEASE! What does this say to our children?
Speaking of stopping the crazy train of a Cheeto,  I sincerely  hope you put a stop to Trump care aka Wealthcare.
So right! Thank you for speaking up senator. 
way to tell him
now go vote to strip 25 million americans of their health insurance
Oh, goodness, Senator - the whole Republican platform is used to bring people down. That Trump is participating the way he is, is gravy.
I'm so glad me & my husband won't be alive in the next 10 years when scope of the GOPs dirty work against us ordinary, non-wealthy plays out
You were silent, as Obama illegally spied on US citizens, silent as Obama illegally used IRS against US citizens, but a tweet has you upset?
Lisa is an embarrassment to the GOP. She has to go.
>Thanks for having the common decency to call Trump on his behavior. This guy is a national embarrassment .
But she didn't even @realDonaldTrump him in.
@realDonaldTrump took great pride in promoting lie about Obama's citizenship, now can't accept valid criticism. #Vile #Sleazebag
Promise to vote against all GOP legislation until he stops. The GOP owns this #FakePresident's outrageous and vile behavior.
Yes @realDonaldTrump might want to read about how modern day leaders define the role
Tell media and congress, lady.
Trumpcare is worse than his tweets. Taking healthcare from 22 million&cutting Medicaid 26% hurts seniors & disabled children. Vote no!
At some point you will have to put the citizens and security of the United States ahead of your own political party and interests. #25thANow
Really?  That is your response to an emergency? A dangerously unfit con artist is occupying the White House & you know it.  Who are you?
You hate him because he represents the @GOP looking in a mirror and not liking what it sees...
Thank you!
Like delivering on his promise not to cut Medicaid? What's your position Senator? 22 million will lose insurance. Vote no!!!
Vote no
http://archive.courthousenews.com/CnsNews/Story/Index/94982 …
Please, stop the tweeting, get up on the senate floor and condemn him. Crickets from the GOP. Great for your agenda to distract
This isn't a president.He is unmitigated disaster. He isn't fit to wash shit off of cement.Is there NO one that will stand up for USA?
That bill is awful. People will die. Vote no, please
Crocodile tears. #25thAmendmentNow
Respectfully Senator, the Presidential platform shouldn't be used for bringing people down, period.
As my representative, please work with other representative and do something. There must be a code of conduct
If he's not your President feel free to move to another country of your liking.
His platform has brought citizens up! We are very happy with President Trumps policies & accomplishments. He's doing a great job. 
Why didn't you tag him
What are you and the rest of the @GOP going to do about Trump??
@mookiebetts has 8 RBI'S against Toronto right now.
He's successfully divided Americans into splits.
Pretty much the good, the bad and the ugly.
I'm really scared. And things are getting worse by day you know.
Hopefully Trump's own words will cost him the presidency soon. Still we need an inclusive Democrat to win the next election.
Next election is too far away from now. I wish he could be impeached just now. His presence is hate and more hate.
Mueller has assembled a great team of prosecutors. We all hope the investigation will net more than small fish.
The son of a bitch is hell rich you know. I believe he's buying so many of them.
Inherited a lot. Made the rest on the backs of little guys. Often skipped out on debts to small contractors. Trump U pure ripoff.
Say it to his face.
Please call for article 25 & encourage others to do so. We're well beyond the point of condemnation.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Propaganda_in_Nazi_Germany …
The most patriotic holiday of the year and Trump tweets about body slamming CNN. We are doomed.
MAKE HIM STOP SENATOR. The problem is not his tweets it's HIM. Get rid of him. Start the ball rolling.
It should NEVER be used to bring anyone down! When will Congress do the right thing and lead this mentally incompetent con out of our WH?!
It's time for Reps to declare their "Independents." Take back the party from this cruel child king. Caucus "Independent"! Stand #Independent
@realDonaldTrump Senators aren't happy with you. Neo Nazis are ecstatic. Do you read Daily Stormer? 10 murders linked to YOUR HATE SPEECH!
It's sad that people are actually following his line of thinking...when have Americans crossed over to the dark side?
#DoSomething
Until there's a LINK between behavior & LOSING, he won't stop.Does  ANY R Sen possess the courage to reach out 2 Ds & COMPROMISE on ACA?You?
It has been.It was used to announce the end of many FASCISTIC regulations that the EPA was using to OPPRESS the energy industry.
Lisa, you:re going to have to agree reality is FakeNews as TRUMP states, or what HE is saying is a lie! Sitting on the fence will destroy u
Don't forget. Trump's little fingers are attached to the same short fuse, imbalanced adolescent brain, and the nuclear launch button.
Your words:" I cannot and will not support Donald Trump for President".  Yet you let him seat you next to him, showing your critical support
your question= How does Trump want to be remembered? YOU GOT YOUR ANSWER TODAY.  Is this how we should remember you? https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.adn.com%2Fresizer%2FkpzYiU5l231K4iDSNACLYB3dRWQ%3D%2F1200x0%2Fs3.amazonaws.com%2Farc-wordpress-client-uploads%2Fadn%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2017%2F06%2F27070336%2FP_3_USA-HEALTHCARE.jpg%3Ftoken%3Dbar&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.adn.com%2Fpolitics%2F2017%2F06%2F27%2Famid-vote-delay-murkowski-sullivan-still-undecided-on-senate-health-care-legislation%2F&docid=SxT1cIlWGYMvsM&tbnid=RPKAaaWSbSANKM%3A&vet=10ahUKEwjx96qL7enUAhUBF2MKHWtnDhYQMwg9KBEwEQ..i&w=1200&h=681&bih=492&biw=1024&q=murkowski%20trump%20picture&ved=0ahUKEwjx96qL7enUAhUBF2MKHWtnDhYQMwg9KBEwEQ&iact=mrc&uact=8 …
You and your colleagues have enabled him over and over again. Shame on you and the @GOP for backing him for so long.
Get rid of the pussy grabber he has destroy the GOP
I've been around since Eisenhower. What you Tweeted is true but every single President has transgressed.
The Trump Whitehouse theme song https://g.co/kgs/TpVmch 
EXACTLY!! And you people put him in office. This is behavior that would get anyone in Ak fired!
Alaska deserves better. America deserves better.
Thanks Lisa for standing up for expanded Medicaid for people.  I'm in California but we appreciate you.
#Trump is out it! Maybe there is the start #Dementia going on in .@realDonaldTrump #LooneyTunes
Then DO SOMRTHING about him outside of expressing concern.  Do something for your constiuents outside of making deals on healthcare.
He didn't stop it Senator, he increased his attack.  Words are cheap.  What you do now is what we'll watch. What is the consequence now?
Make it a condition of your vote on ANYTHING he wants.
This is the reason why he won!
People across our Nation are tired of watching pansies like you getting offended for sneezing.
4) Words matter. Free speech is protected, hate speech is not. His words divide & incite violence against the "other", kids hear ROLE MODEL
3) Prepare to be attached via tweet. He cannot effectively function, acts as though life is a reality show, interested in RATINGS.
2) WE can't do it. Congress CAN. SURELY you see how the nation has changed in the last 2 years. HATE CRIMES UP as soon as he took office.
1) It is clearly time to consider Article 25 sec. 4 & pronounce Trump unable to perform his duties. He appears mentally unstable, attacks..
To the Honorable RINO Sen. Murkowski, u didn't run for President. Until you do, do not lecture the Prez. You certainly never lectured Obama!
Well hey thats refreshing!... can we do this on camera? Mconnell needs your vote to kill 22m.. thats leverage
So do your job, hotshot. Hold him accountable. Use your oversight powers. This fainting couch routine is getting old.
Thank you.
..or enrichment of the Presidential family's and friend's bank accounts!
Or taking away Americans health care.
Thank you Senator Murkowski for being a voice for reason & collaboration.
STOP HIM! You've spoken up, now take action to get him OUT! #Trump is an #Unhinged, #Liar & #Traitor who is #Unfit. AK & US need YOUR help!
I'd like to see more than tweets from you. UR a #Republican. Show UR opposition to #POTUSTrump behavior w/votes on #RussiaGate and #AHCA .
This Feigned response is pitiful. This is "Abuse of Power" He is attacking a Civilian from the highest office in the land. Use UR Pen!
Hey we are looking for a strong hero to leaf the blind and hypnotized out of the evil hands of the Fake President FPOTUS. Are you applying?

and the Dimms and media platform? taking the high road puts you all above the fray? Hypocrites can't win elections

Its said that history repeats itself but worst...can you say watergate....Nixon
Thank you for speaking up on the behavior of POTUS.  We need to hear your voice!
The presidents means nothing to you so, what difference does it make???
Please articles of impeachment.
Yup  jobs are up , stocks are at an all time high, black unemployment is lower than it's been in 20 yrs,  oh but I forgot words hurt! MAGA
"But I'll be voting for him in 2020!"
Please ma'am do the right thing. @realDonaldTrump is a #liar, conman; mentally ill; #global #embarrassment. U know he will never change. Thx
Totally agree! Strong leaders bring people together, and not bring them down. True leader remains calm and steady in the face of criticism.
how many times have u been called lunatic, unhinged, crazy etc? never.Respect is reciprocal Talk to d fake journalist
Words & inaction are no longer OK. Please. Stand the hell up. Its not about parties anymore. Protect your country from a sick, dangerous man
If you want to make a real impact, you and your fellow Republicans should stop supporting him immediately. He's destroying America
I can think of more than a few ppl who need to be thrown off the Presidential platform.
That's what we are TAUGHT in home and in school!
Thank you, Senator, for your principles and care of your constituents and our government. We should all practice country before party.
Senator, your colleagues aren't morons, right? Do at least MOST of them get that this isn't a political issue anymore?
Honestly, it should be used for, above all, bringing people up.
As I'm pretty sure POTUS will ever "pivot" support impeachment /3
Refuse to vote for bills trump supports until his behavior changes /2
You can help with that request more than most senator! /1
don't you mean it SHOULD NOT be used to bring people down?
You stop it! Journalists are supposed to "Report Facts" not "propogate lies"! If they can't take retaliation, then stop the lies & insults!
For sures!
"More"? Come on... shouldn't ever be used for that. What kind of class president did you vote for in high school and college?
Tag him in your tweet
.... just remember, he's got: the codes .... sleep well.
Senator, I know you are a decent human being. Please band together with other decent, civil, and centrist colleagues  and end this madness.
Thank you for standing up for good health care as well as the dignity of all women! You are a hero! We stand with Mika @MorningJoe .
The Senators platform should be used for holding him accountable.  So....... we're waiting
Thank you for your comment. Please stand up to Trump; this behavior has to stop! He is a bad example to our children.
And the Senate should actually pass legislation, not steal taxpayer money to sit sround bitching every day. Work!
Don't for get blackmail. He's good at that too.
You Stop It! Either support the President or switch parties. #RINO
I doubt you'll read this. But I appreciate your moderate stance. Always have. You represent AK well.
“more than” ?
Maybe the entire Senate can remember this when health care bills that he's touched show up instead of trying to ram them through?
The difference between a Senator and a President.
oh yeah like he's really going to stop just cuz u tweeted it!! U stop being such a coward and enabler!!!
Yeah. Republicans need to focus on taking health care away from women, thethe disabled, and the elderly.
That should stop your president. Doing the least you can do! Nice job.
You're right, it should also be used to promote Ivanka's shitty clothing line...
...he don't know how...he have too much time...
Such tough words! Why doesn't your party actually do something about it instead of these hollow tweets
@realDonaldTrump smtimes u have to fight fire with fire. Y don't u n d other RINOs on The Hill get some fire in ur bellies n support agenda?
Is this where you express dismay yet again, and still do nothing about it?
I notice you don't have the guts to tell him that to his face or even tag him! It's RINOs like u who will get primaried! @realDonaldTrump.
So should the journalism platform...
Your tweet condemning him is meaningless if you simultaneously support his agenda. This man is unstable and vindictive. Help remove him!
Please - YOU make him stop!  Round up the other brave Republican Senators and keep him from getting us all killed!
Do something about it!
You are a member of the majority party. Do more about it than slap his wrist and plead for him to stop.
What should the media's platform be?
Verstandig senator!
#45 is reckless with Twitter (especially) but his position should never be used for bringing people down (not "used for more than ...")
@lisamurkowski you're just as #Complicit as @IvankaTrump @SenatorCollins. Only now you're outraged? Hope u enjoyed sitting next to him @ WH
Thank you Senator!
who is bringing people down? cnn, msnbc, abc, cbs,nbc.
and part of the Pres. job is to bring people down?#REALLY?
I'm sensing a trend here.This last is the straw? REALLY?#He is your boy.
Hi Lisa. Watcha doin' in 2020?
Support u on this..dont on hjr69
@Bencjacobs Is it my imagination, out are GOP politicians less likely to say they are GOP in their Twitter profiles?
Why is the @GOP & @TheDemocrats who are speaking out not sending this message to @realDonaldTrump
The only way he will stop is if ppl stop working with him. Who in the Republican Party will stand up for what is right? Sadly not 1 so far!
Yes it's time to stop HIM.  when is the @GOP going to do it?
Probably won't. 'Murica getting greater by the tweet.
Tell that to the media who is doing that to the GOP POTUS and WE THE PEOPLE!  GO TRUMP! HIT BACK UNTIL THEY STOP IT!
Sen. Murkowski, thank you for your levelheadedness- please OPPOSE the pending GOP healthcare bill. It would take away my healthcare entirely
It shouldn't be used to bring any people down!
Please do something! This is a disgrace to the office and to our nation!
IN CASE YOU DON'T KNOW, THIS IS A #NAZIKOCHBROSTRUMPGOPCOUP STOP FROM WITHIN, PLEASE, P-L-E-A-S-E!!!
In its delusional mind, being poor, (not a millionaire), or a female with power, you become sub-human treated as garbage and spat on 
That's it? That's the best you can do?
The list of things the President SHOULD be doing(instead of,say,cyber bullying) is ENDLESS.
The real question here is: what are you and your fellow members doing to take action against this? You were all voted into your job! Fix it!
