The Federal government does not need to be in healthcare. Voting against  repeal was idiotic. You are NO conservative. RINO
@LisaMurkowski thank you for your leadership & protecting care for millions in AK & across the US! https://cards.twitter.com/cards/d70yu/4lc0x … #healthcareheroes
Wasn't your no vote a yes vote for single payer HC????
Thank you @lisamurkowski
Bul****t! You voted no and hurt the 62 million people who voted for Trump. Only reason you are a senator? Your father was a senator. SHAME!!
Change to democrat.
Have you seen any Democrats willing to work? I am sick about your decision. We need leadership and fiscal responsibility. Please reconsider
Yeah but the TAX CUT is BAD for middle Class - SELL OUT U look like a DECENT WOMAN -1 Trillion in deficit-where is your INTEGRITY? Lost all respect for you!! .You know the tax cut is NO REFORM. Shame on YOU!!! Family values??? EVEN yr Gov is against this.USA FIRSTnot REP
what health care plan do you have? obamacare? and in the past didn't you state that Obamacare needed to be repel? what changed?
Alaska-be smart and make sure this woman continues to represent your interests. She's a keeper.
You are a typical slick lying politician. Campaign on promising to repeal Obamacare then cave to planned parenthood money. My ins $ doubled!
Senator-You do realize there are areas of USA with NO 2018 insurer for self-employed? @POTUS @VP #rinos #RNC #RepealAndReplace #SkinnyRepeal
that's an attitude i can respect. i just learned that @GOP doesn't have to mean greed over patriotism. thank you, senator, for saving us.
by which i meant REPUBLICANS HAVE A CHOICE:  greed over patriotism = corruption over country. 
the #TaxScam vote will define who's who in congress, ie: who's truly American and who's been bought. 
and consequently, who's coming back next year.
No... there is no statement warranted.  You've had MULTIPLE opportunities 2 honor your word. U lied. Plain and simple. Just a political hack
You didn't issue a statement explaining why you voted for a full repeal when you knew Obama would veto it. Why?
Dear Senator, I hope your fellow colleagues read all the praise you are receiving from Americans. This is democracy! 
Thank you for standing your ground and doing what is right for all people
Is this still your stand on HC?  The latest bill will surely affect more than the bill you voted against.  R u 4 the ppl or bending to GOP?
Ah, memories...so yeh - this newest bill is still terrible.  Please vote NO again. PLEASE.
Please vote no again.  There are problems with the ACA, but this is not the solution.
end #ACA mandate, high and N/A costs. Please do not let Dems stall for the next election. Someone must propose a bill ASAP or help GOP act
Very grateful for your courage in putting the American people and sensible outcomes in front of party politics.
You are a RINO.  You and those that didn't vote for repeal are LIARS. Saying you would repeal it and then you don't.  You should be fired.
THEY won't work with the #GOP..oh they will work with the 3 #turncoats such as yourself for sticking it to the rest of America
Duh! Nevada's Division of Insurance said Monday that Anthem would pull out of the state's 2018 individual insurance exchanges under the AFA.
We elected you to work with the President.Not to allow immature personal grudges.to influence your votes.We are watching.
On behalf of those in our country that needed it most, those with pre-existing conditions; I thank you and may God bless you!!!!!!
Thank you so much for voting no on that atrocious bill! You have saved millions of lives!! You, Collins, & McCain did not sell out for $$$!!
Yet you voted no to taking to committee where  COULD HAVE BEEN MADE BETTR. Face it,U wanted Dems to LIKE U and know U hate Trump with them.
Ignore this faceless bot Lisa M, you did a very courageous thing. Leave it to the women to get things right. #thankyou
For starters it needs to include everybody: doctors, patients, insurers, women,etc. Not just 13 old white men who only care about themselves
When we conservative Alaskans vote our conservative Senator into office we expect her to carry out conservative Agendas!!!!!
She voted down on a poorly put together bill that would have put millions out of healthcare. She voted for country, not party, as she should
Thank you for standing up for what is right by putting the good of the country ahead politics. Now go teach the rest of them how to do it!
@SenatorCollins @POTUS You Senators have betrayed the country, like all establishment politicians that Americans hate. Resign. U are unfit.
You were voted in to #RepealAndReplace. DO YOUR JOB OR YOU ARE OUT!
Why Ms. Murkowski have YOU and your 'comrades' not produced a healthcare bill in 8 years? It is completely incomprehensible ! I am serious!
Thank you for having the backbone to vote your conscience! Health care is not a political football-it's a life and death issue!
U stated many Alaskan's can't afford O'care but voted NO anyway. Repeal O'care and send to states to customize. See Sen Graham's proposal.
To quote John McCain, "to hell with you".  You're a liar.
Shame on you as a Republican I am disgusted with my party my premiums gave tripled in the last 3  you and the rest of your party don't care
I will do everything in my power to make sure you lose your next election. MAGA
Your word means nothing anymore. You lied plain and simple.
Please help us move to Single-Payer.
Thank you for your good work in governance. And for your vote 
Re: No Recess appointments.
God bless you & your family.
Thank you for standing strong. Cruz and Cornyn "represent" me and I am appalled by their lack of decency every day. We are proud of you.
You hipocrite. Pay for your insurance & stop taking it from taxpayers. This is why we have no respect for Congress. You've become the Swamp!
Keep up the good fight and stand up for what is right for all Americans.  You are a breath of fresh air in the party!!!
In the mean time I just lost my doctor, this anti Trump Rino BS will be voted out, be ready!
Respect!
I agree - you need to get the individual rates equal to the group rates -I don't know how but it is unfair for an employer/ee to get a break
Please correct your party designation to Democrat & begin your next campaign as such. You're a much better fit & align with their policy
Thank you for having a spine and representing your constituents and the state of Alaska!
You voted to completely repeal 2 years ago....and gave a fiery speech bashing it. Hmmmm. Wonder what changed your mind Murkowski .
"...That is why I will support the bill that repeals the ACA and wipes out its harmful impacts..." 
How many of your "colleagues" did you work w/ to pass Obamanationcare?  Did the Dem/Marxists listen to you when they took over US Medicine?
Goal of the Dem/Marxists=ruin our economy & steer US away from the Free Market/Capitalist heritage of our forefathers!  Antithetical! #MAGA!
What a blast of blather!  Repeal this awful Obamanation! Quit siding with Dems/RINOS/Commies/libs!  Join the Trump Train and MAGA# quisling
You've GOT to do better. You're letting us ALL down.
I respect you independent spirit which is a hallmark of Alaskans!  Lets work on a bipartisan solution to healthcare issues!
The only reason your there Lisa is for America, if your not on Team Trump your not for America. We will take you out of your seat.
Your not an honest person Lisa. You can't sign a bill one year then change your mind the next because you know it will get signed.
Then come up with something that will fix the broken law!  Come up with solutions to the problem then!!!
I'm sure it's glawd but you have to start somewhere. Campaigned on lies!
Thank you for not just voting on a 'skinny' anything bill but instead persisting in finding a solution that works for everyone.
Recognizing that you are an older good woman, tell us without fear what do the Democrats have on you to hold you hostage on doing your job
If you want to "do better for those you serve" - RESIGN!  Better yet, become a Democrat - it would be a better fit for you.
U voted repeal 2015. GOP ran on repealing Ocare... NOT keeping it.  #FullRepeal Step 1...  Then Replace with DEM support.  Keep UR promises.
Brava!!!
You "no" vote did nothing.  Fix the problem if you want some credit......that is you job.  You have proposed nothing, You just cast a vote.
Pay my premiums/deductible so I can get treatment for fx back. Thanks
thank you...
Stay strong!  Don't let Drumpf bully you!
You behave & speak like a Democrat! You're a traitor to America & our Pres! You ran to repeal & replace aca. Resign! You betrayed America!
Abortion is worse than a mother killing a baby.  It's a mother killing her own baby.  You support this movement.  You seek to fund it.
Thank you for standing up for us all.
Healthcare is NOT a partisan issue and we will make NO progress if we treat it as such. Bravo Lisa.
Thank you again for making the hard decision to vote no and save lives. know it's not been easy, but me and millions thank you. #ilovemyACA
Doesn't need reforming, needs pulling up by roots never to come back again. Not representing those hurting from OBC, breaking promise, shame
Thank you, Senator!
Senator: While Opiates are commonly prescribed the highest cost is for Hep C(greater than 50% due to drugs)  #don't feed the deer!
Senator: The second most prescribed class of drugs under Mcaid is Opioids...the 10 states with highest OD death rates have expanded medicaid
Senator:the Oregon Medicaid Study shows no improvement  in any objectively measured health parameter at 3+..years with expansion
Senator:End the Medicaid expansion..has cost twice what expected, has been ineffective,  and decreased access for truly needy
Can't afford to use Obama care ins deductible to high....hey fake senator give me your 12,000.00 dollar allowance..that would pay deductible
Traitor to the american people...you have caused great harm to us suffering under Obama care....you are a fake senator!  Resign!!!!
Thank you for doing the right thing. It took courage to do that.
 'Cause we all just wanna be big rock stars, livin' in safe houses gettin' free healthcare 
I want to thank you for having the courage and standing up for the American people! My disabled grandson can now continue with his care!
Thank you for your courage in standing up under pressure for Americans who need a good health care system!
I am an independent woman. I applaud you and believe you did the right thing. Thank you for standing up to these gutless beings.Stay strong.
Thank you so much Senator for your vote!! Now all parties can come together and make this the best bill for ALL Americans!
You are an example of Profiles in Courage, Sen. Lisa Murkowski.
All we know is,you lied to the American people. Youdeceived us to believing your for repeal butactually your for your own special interest.
thank you for saving thousands of lives Senator Murkowski with your NO vote on #TrumpCare
Thank you for your leadership on this important government service.
Thank you Senator @lisamurkowski, for your thoughtful and brave leadership. If only there were more like you in Washington.
You failed them.
You have done much damage too this country. You must resign and apologise. #payonelectionday
U campaigned on repeal. U voted for repeal before. Now when it counted u show yr tru stripes. #shameonyou # LIAR
With a 70% subsidy from WE the hard working Americans & Best Plan available!
thank you
Bad move
Thank you senator!
Thank you Senator for #ProtectOurCare
Thank you for standing up for affordable healthcare.  If GOP and Rep. work together, you can do it!
Couldn't agree more!
RON!!!!!!!
Angst up! Thanks for all the support! Your guys
Are the best!
Couldn't agree more!
Thank you for voting your conscience NOT party lines. A grateful citizen from NY
Thank you for being strong in the face of so much pressure.  Have you considered a presidential run in your future?
The bill would have had a chance to do just that if you would have voted for it Lisa.
You get over a 70% subsidy to pay for Obamacare, off the backs of head working Americans. That's why NO vote on repeal...
You support Obama Care - sad:(
Remember that she voted for Sessions. She is just a right wing hack
After reading your reasons for your NO vote I am leaning toward the Fact, that you must get contributions from insurance companies. POLLUTED
If Obamacare is do great why did congress exempt themselves. Because they didn't want this lousy healthcare. Hypocrites!
Do you really think people will fall for your lies again You are a phony who used repeal to get re-elected and then did what was best for U
Thank you for saving us from healthcare bill that would killed millions of people.
Sounds like bullshit to me. Just another Democrat of McCain style
Also torte reform is desperately need. Repeal and replace like you promised phony liar
The more regulations the higher the administrative costs. Get the government out of healthcare and costs will go down. ask an MD >50yrs old.
If law is so good why are you exempt and getting taxpayer subsidies. The healthcare system costs began rising in 80's with HMOs.
Thank You for standing against this horrible bill and wanting to do better for Alaskans and all Americans!
You campaigned one way & voted another. People might say you lied to get elected. Hope that isn't true. Why vote 4 those who break promises?
Liar! U are a betrayer of the public trust; U even voted no to the skinny repeal of Obamacare so your "excuse" & "reasons" don't hold water
Until then, you and all the rest of the corrupt liars need to use Obamacare to! Why are you exempt? We are the people who you work for!!!!!
Dishonest lib politician
You are a two faced, double talking, forked tongue, weak character! A LIAR, LIAR, LIAR! You were JUST FOR FULL REPEAL!
RESIGN, QUIT, SIT DOWN!!! You don't have the characteristics needed for this job! Let someone effective replace you!!!
@lisamurkowski "I did not come here to inflict pain on people." 22 Million from CBO. How about other 300 Million paying 100%+ more premiums?
You're a Rino, nothing more, and I'm sad that the people of Alaska have you to represent them. Thanks for kicking Americans in the crotch!!!
You need to go!!!!!
You wouldn't even vote to repeal the mandates & taxes. A DISGRACE! Liar! Claiming to oppose Obamacare but you voted FOR it!
Can we impeach her from her seat??
You have lied to get elected
Thank you for standing up for welfare recipients, that were covered already. And reducing my income by 25 percent, bless you and McCain
THANK YOU!!!!
People in Alaska need to find a Representative that Will at least stick with their Party when they want to get Rid of Obamacare. #MAGA
Democrats always Stick together. 3 Republicans could not Stick together with their Party to help the American people - you are one of them.
Congress needs to have the same health care as the rest of America and then maybe you would be voting to move the Bill to Conference.
You voted NO to letting the bill go to Conference so House and Senate could work on the Bill. You now are working with Dems in obstruction.
@RepublicaParty @PRyan   What a crock!  Fix the system before U can vote yes?  Nonsense & U no better. Stop doing lobbyist & big bis bidding
Have you registered as a democrat yet
REPEAL + FREE MARKET! Get Gvmnt OUT of healthcare!
You are 1 weak woman. We need strong willed leaders in Congress who keep the promises they make to constituents. Instead, we get ppl like u
Your courage is deeply appreciated.
You LIED and you will be Voted Out! Start showing support for your President and "Do what's Right" for US the American People. Not 4 YOU!
Did you know Obamacare hires 9,000 new IRS agents, has 28 NEW taxes, costs $800 billion?
Thank you @lisamurkowski :)
thank you for doing the right thing
Thank you.
So we just let the ACA implode, brilliant, and where is your bill to do that.  You have had eight years, you hypocrite.
God bless you. The majority of the country is happy with your vote. Thank you for standing strong and doing the right thing.
I applaud someone who's able to do the right thing for people they represent- especially in the face of adversity.
Sen. Murkowski.  The concept of health insurance for all is a lie.  Full Repeal, no replacement and refund all taxes
Sorry but you own Obamacare now with your vote to keep it and Planned Parenthood fully funded.Fooled us once.But not twice!
Thank you for your powerful, gutsy vote for the health of the American people.
Thank you for your vote and your independence.
Thank you @lisamurkowski
Senator Murkowski, on behalf of women and all those who need insurance, thank you. Thank you so much. And if DJT threatens Alaska at all...
I'll happily sign petitions, donate money because blackmailing a state is unconstitutional espeiclaly for your bravery. Thank you again.
Thank you for voting no!
Thank you Senator Murkowski!
When you go after our POTUS, you hurt the American people. Traitor Murkowski I hope your revenge was worth it as the working class pays.
You stood up to a bully.  Alaskans don't take lightly to orange faced overweight bullies.  Stand proud and stand tall #notsorealdonaldtrump
U show-vote 2015 bill knowing Obama would veto. We now have a @POTUS who would sign clean repeal & U break @GOP promise--UR a lying traitor.
You let us down!!!!
Thank you, Senator Murkowski! This is exactly what needs to happen. 
Thank you!
and you contributed what to the process?
Thank you for your "NO" vote on health care.
We /I will stand by you as long as you goal remains to be to serve the American people to the best of your ability,and you do. Proud of you.
