2/1 favor path to citizenship across our country. For DACA young people.
About 20/1 here.
Democracy Bose.
Here's a Kleenex.
Why would Anyone want to impose their minority views on the majority of the people?
Seems kinda pussy, grabbing selfish to me.
I'll translate.
Why would you, a believer in democracy I assume, wish  to impose your minority view on the majority of people?
Selfish
And when that system acts selfishly and racially and hurts almost 1 million people.
I will object a million times.
You Senators should have fixed this before Trump got into office
Vote her out. She's another closet liberal.
Then change the immagration laws.  Obama fixes are illegal.  Give Trump a chance
I praise for this act, but it is a derelict of duty not to move to Impeach the RACIST in the WH. It is unfair to anyone not WHITE. #Impeach
Wonder why U R not more supportive of the elected president?Also, don't think U really understand DACA impact on America.
Doing considerable research on DACA impact,  the larger picture is how 85 hospitals in CA went out of business overwhelmed by non paying ppl
All of these butt kissing thanks come from Democrats.
The move to #Impeach must begin now.  IT is unsustainable to move from one gaslighting to the next. The lies are too much #Remove45
Lisa, DACA WAS ILLEGAL to begin with!! I've been waiting over a YEAR 2 bring my WIFE over LEGALLY from a foreign country Illegal IS ILLEGAL!
We can only hope that you and your GOP colleagues do the right thing, unlike your GOP President.
Oh you mean obstruct ... yeah she's great at that. Lisa, you really should change her party line to democrat.  I'll be voting against her.
I voted for a REPUBLICAN SENATOR! I do hope Lisa starts supporting the AMERICA FIRST Programs. I do agree & Support President Trump 
Keep being the reasoned ethical voice ... we are grateful!
Not all of us!  I would like to see her replaced
Go soft on DACA and they will just keep coming. Time to stop all illegal immigration - instead of going soft time to get tough. Deport them!
The spirit of America shines brightest in you and like-minded colleagues, Senator!
So STOP WORKING WITH BAD PEOPLE
Pack your bags!! You are on your way out..13% approval for congress. RINO
Thank you for signs of sanity and Hope in the Republican party.... :)  Very proud.... 
Any Republican that votes for #DACA before #Obamacare REPEAL, #TaxRelief or #BuildTheWall needs to be VOTED OUT of Congress. Period.
One word! AGREE!
Illegal alien parents are criminals, but I agree with a one time amnesty and path to citizenship for dreamers but 0 others!
So you're going to reach across the isle and work with republicans?
You don't really care about us you just want another term plain and simple.  Term limits for all would help us not career criminal like you
It's a shame to target those who attempted to comply with laws once of age, targeting low hanging fruit rather than criminals.
Just not when Obama was President, right? Oh hell...just do the right thing now.
Thank you Senator! #DefendDACA
Statements on Twitter are cool - now it's time to use the power you have.
She voted for the Dream Act before....I have no doubt she will provide leadership this go round.
However if Congress can actually pass anything then it is right and good. We are a nation of LAW. Lisa you have 6 months to fix it #EndDACA
Great!!
DACA is illegal. To give a free pass is a slap in the face to those that go thru the legal process. Dreamers don't respect rule of law.
Yet again, you provide an example of what those in the GOP should be doing.  Thank you for standing up for what's good about .
Part of the Resistance movement! Lisa is now getting approval from the Resistance!
He is a racist so he will continually do things to hurt people not white. #RemoveTrump #ImpeachTrump It is your duty. Foreign &Domestic
Thank you!
Illegal is illegal. Tell them 2 get in line.
It's not the many voices that make it right it's the principle.  Children are not responsible for fathers sin and the practice needs to end
We stand with you. #DACAprotest #AmericaNeedsDreamers
Sins of the fathers should not be visited on the children, an easy lift for congress how do we stop the practice
Nice. Way to go on DACA Lisa!
Now.
Say this......."RENEWABLES!!!!!!"
Thank you.  I concur and support!
Lisa, you are really NUTS! You really hold to no principles or any kind of truth anymore. Wake up and get out of the SWAMP
TurncoatLisa:I see you finally come out of hiding to make a statement question are you back to work?If so repeal replace Congress healthcare
Thank you Senator...your leadership is needed now!
Well done, Senator. Too bad others cannot follow your lead.
Thank you again for the courage of your convictions. Pleas talk to @marcorubio and remind him of both his family and political history #DACA
You ppl are insane, what are u not getting? Bunch of communists! Murkowski u need to be voted out of office, cheater.
Thank you Senator, for being a voice of reason, justice and decency on #DACA
No amnesty for daca!rewarded with free educ.,use it to apply & come back legally!no reward for doing things unlawfully!
We have the right to control immigration, it is unfortunate their parents brought them here illegally. Parents are responsible. Enforce laws
Thank you Madam. You prove that compassion, common decency and sanity still endure within some small corner of the modern @GOP.
This sounds good. Repeal and replace ObamaCare was the most appropriate action for America. What were you thinking? ObamaCare hurts family.
Gracias @lisamurkowski
Thank you Sen. Murkowski for telling it the way only a real #American & a real #Leader can & should. 
We need you in the front line #leading
You exemplify what good and effective representation is about.
MMG: Murkowski Must Go - Bad for  Alaska!!!
Children suffer from sins of their parents all the time.   Now get to work and do your job or get out of D.C.
Please get this thru in 6 months.
RINO! Resign!
Thank you Senator.
Thank you.  Nothing more important for our security, our economy and our humanity.  Please, please do this.
Thank you. I look forward to seeing you and your colleagues accomplish this.
Why are u so sanctimonious? I would guess that 99% of population feel sympathy 4 DACA "kids". It's financial drain & unfairness 2 USA "kids"
SEND trump  BACK TO HELL WHERE HE CAME FROM
When you voted NO on repeal and Replace you showed that you don't care about Americans. RESIGN!
I'm moving to Alaska just so I can vote for Lisa Murmowzki!
Thank you, Sen.  #DefendDACA .
Dear Senator, we are ready to welcome you into the Democratic Party at your convenience. You aren't of this GOP.
#You #Asshole #Liberal #pos #YouSuck you #Leftist #soros #Joke #Rino !! #Neocon #Fake #FoxNews #Cnn #Anus !! #neverTrumper #Douchebag !!
I'm beginning to really like you. Keep this up and I'll stop voting against you each time ur up. We have dreamers here in Ak glad u notice
You and your friends need to leave the GOP. Trump is your responsibility & your burden if you remain.
Parents of the Dreamers risked everything, including their lives, to bring their kids here where there was the opportunity to succeed!
Thank you, Senator.
Senator you are awesome!
Thank you 99518 and biz 99501
Thank you Lisa!
Thank you, Senator. Time to change parties too; you don't sound @GOP at all, lately.
Idiot.
THANK YOU!!!!!!!
I'm disappointed you took arctic native rights away from them, we have devos because of you but this is a right decision for once!!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator. Your courage on #DACA and ACA are appreciated more than you know.
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator Murkowski @lisamurkowski
Thank you Lisa.
Thank you, @lisamurkowski!!
WE WILL VOTE OUT!  YOU RINO
Sad the liberal you have became.  No more bait and switch.  Run as a democrap and see what happens.  You need to go.
I'm disappointed, you are voting Democrat. Recommending Clinton. Obama was born in Kenya, get him in jail
Thank you!!!
Thank you
Continue to inspire me lady!  Great job!
Thanks. Talk to Mitch.
Good to hear from you Senator.  Thank you !
She says publicly it's not what she  privately.
This is from living in the state watching their year after year..
AMNESTY for all DACA and families.  Reagan did in 80s & worked well.  Cheaper 2. Costly 2 arrest, detain, house, feed & transport.
Hope you can light a fire under Congress to actually do something about this!
Political statement. Where was u voice these past years u and u colleagues!  Why didn't u make it a law and NOW u r outraged!!
I urge you to work with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass legislation before March 5 to protect our precious Dreamers.
Get the DreamAct done please #DefendDACA
fake republican needs to leave the party and go where she's wanted.
Thank you for speaking so clearly on so many complicated subjects.
I'm a democrat. Ms. Murkowski, thank you for standing up and speaking publicly about this. Sincerely, Theresa
Stop this madness. Fund the wall now. We need to quit incentivizing this illegal act. Do your job Senator.
thank you (again)
BRAVO Senator Murkowski!! Thank you #DefendaDACA
Senator Lisa, perfect response, we just can't load this people move them south they are an important part of the fabric of this country.
No actually they are not. They are ILLEGAL. #EndDACA and IF congress can make it a law then so be it. Otherwise they should be kicked.
#KEEPDACA
Tk you Lisa for making me proud by exemplify what is great about our State and Country; compassion with strength and courage-An Alaskan
Please go into that chamber and take that stance, as you did with Trumpcare. Need more like you to stand behind what they are saying.
Thank you Senator Murkowski for once again doing the right thing for USA and Alaska.
Please do it. Congress needs to get going and do the job they were hired to do. No more party postering at the expense of the people.
Thank you! Can't wait to see you help to enact this path for these children/adults who call America home and deserve to as much as I do.
It's against the constitution you nim wit
Thank you, Senator, for doing the right thing. #Protect DACA
Again Senator you are a beacon of shinning light in one hell of a storm. Thank you! Thank you!
Yes to #DACA no to that idiot wall.
I applaud your strength in the Senate and encourage you to lead the way to legalization for Dreamers. Do it, Senator!
Thank you.
Thanks for having a No-BS response to this unconscionable move by @POTUS.  You are one of the few GOP senators who aren't shady politicians.
I disagree, no one not even illegal aliens are above the law and the pathway to citizenship has no detours or alternatives routes around it
Thank you !
Please do everything you can to help bring this to a vote in the Senate. McConnell won't want to do it, but he MUST.
Keep that path Senator...so grateful.
Thank you.
You make me want to move to Alaska. You are the republican I once was.  THANK YOU
Thank you for inserting empathy and common sense into Trump's cruel misguided DACA directive. I appreciate your courage. #DACAprotest
Yes, this needs to be legal so help the dreamers out
Maybe before all that, you go round up people on your side of the aisle & remove the administration that is setting all these fires.
Thank you Lisa!
Watching from NJ,respect and thanks,Senator.
Bipartisanship! Rara avis.
@NavKaz nobody's punishing  - Trump is telling you Senators to do it the right way - pass DACA with enforcement built in
Thank you!!
thank you
Thank you for your leadership.
Thank you Senator.  You are, as always, a rare voice of reason in the @SenateGOP.  #DefendDACAِ
Thank you for your strong statement.
Thank you, Senator Murkowski, for your leadership to #DefendDACA
So you like a program that is illegal that grants illegals amnesty. Ok got it.
Please, though, Senator -- do not let anyone make the "price" of passing the #DreamAct2017 be funding for a border wall?!
Then punish the parents for the crime.  You are not punishing children, you are holding them accountable to the law,like you do to me.

Thank you Senator!
Thank you for your leadership.
Thank you Senator. Hope your colleagues present a "clean bill" devoid of conditions based on that stupid ass wall or faux tax reform. #DACA
Thank you and nice article on you today in the Huffpost today.
Thank you so much!!!!!! 
She is not who she appeared to be to get elected. Plenty of children living in the USA are punished for being born here by legal parents
Thank you!
More Senators should join you in deciding issues based on America's longstanding values & people, not party.
Thank you!!! You continue to do what is right. So impressed by you!
Thank you Senator, I'm proud to have you represent me.
Thank you for your words of support for DACA. I know you will work in a bi-partisan way to have a "stand lone" bill that supports dreamers.
Thank you! 99507.
Save DACA!!!
Thank you Madame
Please do #DefendDACA
Thank you Senator. Anxious for Dreamers. Want all sides to put away politics, think of their own children & do right by them.
Thank you Sen Murkowski
Please do and stand up to this horrific administration.
Thank you.
Liking you more and more
Thank you, Senator!
If you make children legal, What about the parents? Who will you hold accountable? Is everyone exempt from the immigration laws?
#EndDACA
What a/b American children these illegals have gotten free stuff long enough WHY did their parents think it not important 2get citizenship?
Obama could have saved the Dreamers with the wave of a pen 22 times, but he's a coward, as are you.  LOL!  http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/09/flashback-22-times-obama-argued-executive-amnesty-video/ …
Then when you get back to Congress work on the legislation.  Don't depend on an unconstitutional Executive Order issued by former P Obama.
There better be money for all of the concrete Southern Border Wall in that Bill. From the Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific.
Thank you, Senator @lisamurkowski !
Thank you Sen. Lisa. You make me very proud that I voted for you.
You still remind me of Uncle Ted.
Why are you a Republican???
She is not a Republican! 
personally...just give them their citizenship...period...quit screwing around with these folks...nothing to gain
Thank you Senator!! #DefendDACA

Thank you, Senator!
There you go again@Lisamurkowski!  Thank you for your leadership!
Thank you!
Thank you again for your leadership!
Thank you, Senator!
Oh I'm a 99623 voter.  
#closetdemocrat We need to immediately vote Lisa out so she can run as a democrat! America First, Tax Reform First,  enforce US Laws, No ACA
Right on, Sen. Murkowski. Right on.
Not even an Alaskan
And? Your guy isn't even a Republican. Does that matter to you? What you've got there is a non-answer, given the comparable situations.
Thank God! Reason, there's a voice of mercy n compassion. They were just kids n an economic asset to boot! #SaveDACA
Do your job pass a law go to work and do something. If you had to work for a corporation you would be fired
Great - so pass a law already - thanks
Thank you, Sen. Mukowski, for your leadership and compassion.
We are paying vets get nothing we should feel sorry for the kids they all have a phone USA great for illegal not Americans
Please make #DACA law. Clean bill. Don't attach any garbage like wall funding. Represent AK, not the white nationalist agenda #DefendDACA
100% in agreement- clean bill with no wall funding!
Thank you!
Man you are terrible at representing Americans.
Obama said DACA is temporary DEFFERED Action. Senator-pass a PERMANENT Law and Trump will sign
Is it legal 
Yes or No?
I remain stunned at the only method to get Reactionary Republicans to ACT is by obstructive response. 
#2018
#2020
Thank you.
Thank you, Sen @lisamurkowski !
Let currently registered DACAs stay but with no path to US citizenship except through Peace Corps. military, or state/local public safety.
So you'll work for the DREAMERS but not the American people ..Wow that's disgusting.
Not as disgusting as your lack of compassion for children
First off I have lots of compassion for children.These dreamers are not little kids..And why are they not citizens yet.Yeah exactly
Faith
Parents knew what they were doing free medical free food stamps don't have to learn English pick up a phone Spanish 1st free school
