thank you, but I might not be here next year to celebrate Rosh Hashanah with family and friends if the ACA is repealed.
I'll keep you in my thoughts and prayers. God bless you. 
I just think it's hypocritical for all these politicians to send out these things like after a mass shooting, yet don't vote to do anything
It is. I hope @lisamurkowski reads your comment and stands up to vote no on #GrahamCassidy 
like she did on the last repeal bill. 
Image the gop outrage if Reid had come out in public and said he had a slush fund to buy off his senators.
This GOP is the most openly corrupt group of politicians ever in the history of the USA. Had it been Reid, they would be apoplectic.
Maybe you shldn't visit some of the handicapped citizens who protested in the Senate hearing re healthcare today. These folks need you.
u r a US SENATOR, not just an Alaskan Senator. You work for all people in all 50 states. We need you to help all of us Senator. Plz vote NO
Please #VoteNo on #GrahamCassidy It's harmful hateful & Un-American& you know it. It's unacceptable 2consider you'd vote yes! #MAGA #Resist
a true #shanahtova is #saveaca PLEASE
And this bill is 10 times worse than one was...
Reject bribes and save healthcare
We're counting on you to vote no on graham-cassidy.
...on this bill. No safeguard for preexisting conditions and it guts Medicaid among other things..
Thank you! Please don't get bought. Be strong.
The last time I contacted you I thanked you with all my heart for voting NO on a very bad healthcare bill. Now I beg you to do it again.
NYWhiteWomen Celebrating100Yr Anniv. of VOTING!BlackNYWomen had2wait until 1965!Let's NOT Wait 300YRS 4"WOMEN" included in Constitution!
I know your first concern is for the welfare of your state. Please vote NO to Graham Cassidy. Think of all Americans.
Please #VoteNoGrahamCassidy. Please work on bipartisan reform. Please, show is you care abpit our lifes. We need you to be a leader.
Thank you, Senator Murkowski. Please do the right thing for Alaskans and vote no on GC!
Thank you Senator Murkowski. In the words of Princess Leia'Help us Obi-Wan Kenobi: You're our only hope' .Please vote no on repeal.
SAY A PRAYER IF YOU IGNORE THIS AT YOUR PERIL. 230 organizations against!
BREAKING: 230+ organizations just sent a letter to the Senate urging opposition to #GrahamCassidy. Read it here: http://bit.ly/2fKZDIm  
Senator, pls retweet me request. I need help to get started again. I'm essentially Catholic. I couldn't care less how anybody feels
OUR FAMILIES ARE SUFFERING UNDER THE MASSIVE COST UNDER OBAMA CARE!!! WITH OUT CARE, TO $$ STOP THE SOCIALISM, IT DOES NOT WORK!
I really tried, Sen. Murkowski... Try celebrating your Jewish roots just once. Could anybody help me out here. Was fine until I left Temple.
Thank you Senator for refusing to bought off. Pls vote NO on #GrahamCasiddy. The American people deserve better.
We Jews wish for ALL people to be "inscribed in the Book of Life" on Rosh Hashana. The ACA can be fixed. PLEASE don't vote for the G-C Bill.
If you end up taking bribes on Graham Cassidy  I pray that we are protesting beyond kneeling! We need to take to the streets en masse!
Are you taking calls tomorrow??
Thanks @lisamurkowski -- only thing that would make it sweeter is if you would vote 'No' on #GrahamCassidy -- it'd be a mitzvah. Thank you!
Vote no.
Lisa,u& @SenatorCollins did a wonderful thing recently voting in the interests of America's health.Honest.Brave.Fierce.Convince one more!!!
@SenatorCollins has again come through for America.  @lisamurkowski PLEASE support her and the American people with a NO on #GrahamCassidy
Thank you Senator!  Now, please vote NO on the G-C bill, that would be a great New Year's present for me and all Alaskans.  @PPact DEFUNDED!
Thank you, Senator. In the spirit of the new year, please vote no on #grahamcassidy, attempted GOP bribes to AK notwithstanding.
This is my DAILY medication regimen. I need to take these just to stay alive, not just healthy, but alive.
This bottle here costs around  $2-3k. Depends on the demand. But it keeps me out of the hospital. I didn't ask to be sick. I just am.
I went to college, graduated, paid my taxes. Kept having fainting spells found out I have a heart arrhythmia and a brain tumor. #Curveball
Don't do this to people who tried their best but their bodies failed them. We're humans. We're not indestructible. Life is very fragile.
Make sure to sell out the rest of the country to save your precious state. The betrayal will be remembered. Protect Alaska or protect ALL?
Please, Senator. .  #ShanahTovah
...Sen Murkowski you placed country over party with the skinny bill. Graham-Cassidy is way worse than the ACA. Please vote no
Please vote No on #GrahamCassidyBill
Please don't throw the rest of us under the bus for a bribe.
please stand up for our healthcare and #stopthebill #GrahamCassidy

NEW- JUST OUT: Letter from current & former insurance commissioners.
"Severe disruption"
"Sharp premium increases"…
Thank you Senator. begging you to stand your ground and vote no on this atrocious Graham Cassidy bill. Please continue bipartisan talks!
Please return to REGULAR ORDER. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!
That's very nice, but hollow w/o a firm NO on #GrahamCassidy.  It is a sentence to death, misery and poverty for millions.  Help us live!!
Please vote No on Graham Cassidy. Alaskans deserves better as do all Americans. Backroom deals shouldn't make policy.
Please don't give in to pressure to vote for the horrible horrible health care bill in front of you. Stand up for the regular Americans!
It won't be blessed for millions if you vote yes on #CassidyGraham  Medicaid needs to be federal, not state blk grnts. Keep ACA and improve
@lisamurkowski 
This is beneath your integrity, Senator Murkowski. Don't sell your vote or sell out your country.
Vote no
How about all the people who are going to loose healthcare?
Thank you. Now vote NO! in honor of those who need health care. For those who believe in fairness for all
Stand up for our healthcare. No on #GrahamCassidy
Please be compassionate for the babies, the sick, and the dying elderly. Vote no on this monster bill that will hurt everyone.
Sen. Murkowski, we are counting on you to SAY NO to GRAHAMCASSIDY which will take insurance from 30mill. ppl including elderly.a cruel bill.
One happy and blessed way to start the Jewish NY: vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.
Rumor today is that your vote for Graham-Cassidy is for sale. Your days as a profile in courage are waning. #NoGrahamCassidy
Thanks Senator. Hope the rumors aren't true that you're waivering. You've seen all the medical .orgs that are against graham Cassidy?
@lisamurkowski It won't be happy unless you vote NO on GC. Bribery by Graham is NOT an option. Nor is it Constitutional. Vote NO on GC.
Please ma'am, stay strong and vote No. We are begging you. Thank you.
I accept your New Year wishes. Please don't compromise your values and vote for Graham-Cassidy.
Stand by Senator McCain. Be not only an Alaskan hero, also a National hero. Encourage bipartisan dialogue. Protect healthcare for all.
Thank you Sen. Murkowski. I'm a cancer survivor, and this is my baby niece. Please vote against Graham-Cassidy with people like us in mind.
Stay strong  If you let Trump & GOP bully you, they will forever own you. America speaks : keep #ACA
Please vote no. Our country needs you
Please help us all have the opportunity this hero had....... we r depending on u for a no vote ...please help us
Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy. Whole country is counting on you!
Please vote for Senator Graham's bill. We can't continue under Obamacare. I have stage four cancer cancer.
In sorry, but you're wrong. Don't vote for this bill! My mom had cancer and #GrahamCassidy will make it so so she can't get insurance.
Pre existing is covered. I have cancer.
No it's not. Please read the bill. Your state will be allowed to charge you $140,000/yr. Can you afford that? If not, no coverage for you!
We'll B happy & blessed w/ your vote 4 Graham-Cassidy. AK cant afford Single Payer. AK overwhelmingly voted 4 Ocare repeal. Heed their plea!
Please stop GOP health care bill. All Americans are counting on you.
Do you know that under Graham Cassidy Planned Parenthood is defunded and you previously said how important it was for Alaska.Please vote no
Think of every person that will be negatively affected by the graham bill, please vote no and work to fix ACA #worriedpreconditionperson
Hoping you will make this year a good one by voting NO on Graham-Cassidy.  For the sake of all Americans.
Senator, I admire your courage and hope that you will stand strong against Graham-Cassidy. Too many will suffer if it is passed!
Please vote yes on upcoming vote on healthcare repeal and replace this week
Thank you, but accepting  deal to allow the ACA to be repealed may not inscribe you in Book of Life. Too many could not forgive you.
Thanks!! Now vote NO for the awful health bill! Keep the fight Senator
thank you. Now vote no to grahamcassidy!
Thank you. Please vote no on GrahamCassidy. Too many will lose health care.
Thank you! please stay strong and vote against Cassidy bill, McCain is 100% correct, Health care is too important to be a political football
Shalom!
Don't fall 4 CONMAN TRUMP he is bribing states w/ letting them KEEP OCare! Must B better then REP plan! Be a hero to Healthcare #FixACA4ALL
Thank you. This holiday we pray for ourselves & others. Healthcare in my prayers. Have you read this? thoughts? http://governor.ohio.gov/Priorities-and-Initiatives/Blueprint-for-Stronger-Health-Insurance-Markets …
Thank you and do what's right for American's healthcare and vote NO on Graham-Cassidy...put #PolicyOverPolitics
Please don't cave in to bribes for your vote for the latest horrific iteration of 'healthcare'. Please vote NO on GrahamCassidy
Thank you.  Please stick to your decision on this horrible bill.  No coincidence that the leadership needed is coming from a woman. 
Please vote against the HC bill!
It won’t be a good year without healthcare. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy, please.
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy.  We need you - America needs you - Americans need you - to do the right thing.
Vote no on #GrahamCassidy
Thx! I hope you do not fall prey to @POTUS intimidation tactics. No Drs. med orgs or anyone want this #sickcare bill. Be a strong woman!
Yes & Sen Murkowski PLEASE be a blessing to the people of Alaska & the US by voting against the Graham- Cassidy bill. Our country needs you!
Thank you and I wish you a wonderful year. Please don't vote to appeal the affordable care act. I am from Massachusetts it works great.
Millions of Americans hold their life in your hands @lisamurkowski, please put #ThePeople first and vote NO. Be the hero we know you can be.
Please vote to repeal Obamacare. It is an incredible burden on the middle class. We need free markets and competition.
Senator thank you for your NO in July. Please vote NO again for Graham Cassidy. Women in America deserve better than this bill. Thank you
Please vote NO!
Vote no
Thank you for your good wishes! Counting on you to vote NO on Graham- Cassidy. People matter; donors don't!
Please vote no on Graham Cassidy
Vote yes please on health bill
Please vote no on health care bill.
Looking thru your mentions it seems to be unanimous- please senator, do it for all of us #voteno #GrahamCassidy
Thank you!  The year w/b sweeter when you VOTE No on #GrahamCassidyBill bill that will hurt millions of Americans.  Don't let them Bribe U.
Please vote no to the graham/Cassidy bill as you voted no on the last HC bill.So many millions of Americans incl. me are counting on you.Ty.
Don't be bought, please let us all keep ACA by votin no! You are in control please do what is right! No info available!

https://twitter.com/kgo2017/status/911361498701758464 …
#killthebill Please senator vote NO on GOP deathcare!!!! Americans depton you and their healthcare 
Please Senator, do not take affordable health care away from sick people. #ObamaCare
It is far past time for you to step up and voice your opposition to this ridiculous healthcare repeal bill
Please vote no.
Vote no on aca appeal. You know it hurts more than it helps.
Please vote no on #GrahamCassidy. This is people's lives Congress is playing with and Trump just wants to spite Obama. He's a toddler.
Please vote no on #GrahamCassidy
Do the ethical thing. Vote NO on Graham-cassidy.  It's the cruelest bill yet
Thank you. Pls vote NO to this new healthcare bill. Its worse than the previous one. Just thrown together. Im 76 will lose my healthcare.
Please help my family keep their health care by voting no #GrahamCasiddy
Please don't sell out to GrahamCassidy. Please do continue to do what is right for all Americans
Sen McCain has taken a principled stand against G-C. Please stand with him and vote no on this deeply flawed, highly partisan bill.
PLEASE VOTE NO!!! #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Dear Senator: Please display courage and conviction in voting NO on the Graham Cassidy bill.
PLEASE VOTE NO!
Lisa vote no. Don't let Alaska down by taking a bribe.
Vote no on graham Cassidy!
You want it to be happy & blessed??? Vote NO GrahamCassidy. Don't take my health insurance away while wishing me a ShanahTovah.
Please vote no on this disastrous Health bill. Save millions from being hurt or worse.
Please vote no!  Please do what's morally right.  You chose to serve to fight and protect ALL people.
We can fix the bill down the road. I'm sick of pulling the wagon for $1450/mth for a bunch of thankless people who think everything is free.
Do the right thing !! Kill the bill !!!!! Thanks
Thank you! Why don’t you do your damn job and vote to Repeal & Replace like you said you would? You & Songbird are killing ppl now, why???
Please vote 'No' on trumpcare, be an American hero!
Be a hero like McCain and vote no! Think of American lives and your legacy- don't let them buy you off! #killthebill #voteno

Every major health organization, or Donald Trump? This bill isn't dead yet. Tell your senators which side you're on: (855) 999-1663 
Wishing them all continued healthcare as well!
Three things that will make ensure the start of a sweet new year:
Apples, honey, healthcare for all (#saveACA)
Giving HC back to the states will give states a great opportunity to fine tune HC to your state & people. Why would u not want to do this?
Vote no on the Graham-Cassidy bill, please.
Please stand up, vote no. Be one of the women praised in the history books for fighting for what is right.
Shana Tovah. Please do not let this horrible new Trumpcare pass.  Please, for the health of all Americans, please vote NO.
Sen. lets have a Happy 5778 and allow people with Alzheimer's and Dementia to continue receiving care under Medicaid....please VOTE NO!!!!
Don't let @GOP leadership buy your vote on #GrahamCassidy - Stay Strong. Stay Principled. Say No! cc @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins

BIG: The American Academy of Actuaries sums up Graham-Cassidy like this . . .

Full letter here 2/

…
@lisamurkowski if you vote yes you are immoral..u will be voted out, and u will have sold out America... we are watching,greetings from MA.
Don't be bought, Senator. More and more it's looking like they really don't care about health care, only winning. As cynical as it gets.
As you sell out America for a sweetheart deal to take away HC from millions! Don't sell us out! Stand with @SenJohnMcCain & vote NO!
Thank you, and please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy to save the lives of the most vulnerable in this country! #SaveMedicaid
Lisa, Follow McCain's lead here. #Patriots love all Americans regardless of race, party, location, orientation, or economic status!
Do not vote to bankrupt people who get sick just to let Alaska keep ACA. Reject the bribe, and retain your honor. Announce you're a NO vote!
Please Lisa vote No love you
Please vote no!!
Please don't let people die. We're literally BEGGING you to stop this horrific act. @SenJohnMcCain took a stand, will you? We are Americans!
Please don't sell out the rest of the country by accepting this "deal".
Don't allow yourself to be bribed! This goes way beyond any one state. 10s of millions of Americans are counting on you. Please!
Please do not repeal ACA. Make it better.
If you vote No on the #GrahamCassidyBill You and the entire Congress needs to be on Obamacare! @POTUS take away the ObamaCare waivers!!!
Will Sen Murkowski do the Right Thing & Vote NO on malicious #GrahamCassidyBill or does she ONLY CARE about super Rich Koch dollars???
VOTE NO!
Please vote no against the GOP health care bill this coming week
please save us some stress and say no NOW
Senator - Keep it going. Make it the best New Year ever. Plenty of room for you on that Hero platform alongside Senator McCain . . .
Please stay strong and vote no to a healthcare bill that will hurt millions of Americans.  Two great women and 1 great man is all we need!!!
A good year to you too, Senator, with the blessings of affordable health care for all Americans. Thank you for doing what's right
Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy
Senator Murkowski, I know you'll do the right thing for the American people despite bribes & pressure.

NEW: Alaska's Dept. of Health just posted its analysis of Graham-Cassidy. It's ugly. 
http://dhss.alaska.gov/Documents/Pdfs/Alaska-DHSS-Graham-Cassidy-Impact-20170921.pdf … 
Please vote NO on HC Bill.
On healthcare -Bold lies. Smoke and mirrors. McCain acknowledged it, Grassley admitted it, how could any decent person vote for it! Vote NO.
Come on....... be one of the heroes. Vote "no".  Thanks for listening.
please, please do the right thing and vote no on #GrahamCassidy!! so many are counting on you! work on bipartisan reform!!
Shana Tova. Would u really trade a yes vote if they let Alaska keep Obamacare? Pls tell me that is a very ugly false rumor. Please tell me.
John McCain sealed the deal and took the heat off of you.  Please come out now and say the bill is a travesty.
PLEASE continue to stand strong against the removal of our healthcare!  #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Please pass this healthcare bill!
Senator, can we count on you to the right thing again and vote against the Graham-Cassidy bill? Please don't take away health care.
Do the right thing for all Americans. Vote NO.

CHA Letter to the Senate Opposing #GrahamCassidy Repeal and Replace Legislation https://www.chausa.org/docs/default-source/advocacy/091917_cha_letter_to_senate_graham-cassidy.pdf?sfvrsn=0 …
