It may help Alaska but if you allow loss of property taxes in NJ it hurts us.A donor state getting 38 cents for every dollar we sent to DC
Incorrect.
This only benefits the wealthy. Nothing for the working middle class. Trickle down economics has never worked. Shame on you!
No, it bankrupts the middle class and denies infrastructure spending to working Americans. It jacks up the deficit for a cash give away.
So disappointed to see you would go along with something that will hurt seniors, children and middle class workers. You need to reconsider!
Your support of the Trump's GOP is shameful!
You're voting against the best interest of AK and USA.
You and your GOP are BAD!
#TrumpTaxScam
YOU'RE A TOTAL FRAUD
It cuts 1.5 trillion from Medicaid!  So you can turn around and give millionaires a tax cut. #millionaireTaxCuts
lisa!- alaska
belongstous!-potus-
agendawillcoverEVERY
INCHOFOUR-BELONGINGS!
not-toworry!MAGA
Hooray 4 the Koch bros!!
Oil Lobby must pay better than Fishing & Tourism Lobby. So short sighted.
Difference between Oil and Fish, 1 is a renewable resource that critically needs protection.
Great to read all the responses calling this tax bill BS. Billionaires 1 America 0. Ppl 2018 remember
this tax reform is only going to help the wealthy at the expense of the other 99%  NOT good for Alaskans
.@lisamurkowski Plz oppose #TaxReform that uses $1.5Trillion in Medicaid/MedicareCuts 4 #CorporateTaxCut & #DeathTaxRepeal-Pls stand 4 us!
You have to satisfy your wealthy donors.   Even the voters of your state do not support this.
I'm not your constituent but I do follow you as your votes in the Senate affect me.  This budget resolution? Disgusting. You disappoint me.
Certainly hope you’re on board and don’t obstruct the Presidents agenda this time
??? Going into debt 1.5 trillion dollars is acceptable?????
Very disappointed in you. No more reasonable republicans. TRICKLE DOWN DOES NOT WORK! And you know it.
Let's be honest. You're giving corporations a tax cut, not individuals and "hoping" that $ trickles down, even though you know it won't.
And how will Alaska's elderly and disabled fare with M'care and M'care being gutted? Thought you were an advocate for healthcare.
this tax reform is only going to help the wealthy at the expense of the other 99%  NOT good for Alaskans
She's been exposed as a two faced liar. She thinks gutting medicaid within the budget will give her cover. Slime ball.
For such an advocate against Repeal&Replace you have no issue cutting 1.5 TRILLION from medicare and medicade??? Shameful.
Sounds pompous to me!
.@lisamurkowski Plz protect Salmon from destruction via polluting drilling in the Arctic Refuge!
Please don't senator. This bill is horrendous for poor people and the middle class. It only benefits the rich.
Alaska's economy has tanked because of corporate welfare. Let's not cut deeper.
Alaska is not the whole USA.  Try and remember that, please.
You must have known about this tax proposal when you voted against repeal. You're a trickster.
If u mean by accelerating glacial melt and indigenous ppl relo..yes. one of few Rep I fllwd, bc ur prncpld HC stand. U r better than that...
So long as no one in Alaska is from the middle class.
What GOP is proposing is NOT tax reform & you are too smart not to see that
She's corrupt just like the rest them. Anyone who takes big donor money is, pretty simple.
You posted such a beautiful picture of Alaska, it's sad to think what the #GOP will let corporations do in the name of "energy development"
What about the giant Medicaid cuts?
Vote no on tax reform.  Trickle down economics do not work work!
Mmmm you actually going to vote for it, we’ll see
If passed, GOP tax plan will do to USA what Brownback did to Kansas. Soc Sec and Medicare are doomed. Ryan is licking his chops. Vote NO!

What about health care RINO? Please join the democrats.
And your plan for your fantastic wildlife that brings you many tourist $$$
True! Now, PLEASE get Obamacare repealed & replaced, like you promised & get behind the President’s agenda!!!
you must be kidding. tax reform for the rich at the expense of the middle class?
Disagree. Your constituents will pay dearly.
Can’t we learn from our past? This isn’t good 4anyone who isn’t wealthy. Poor&middleclass lose Medicaid &Medicare. Already lost #CHIP shame!
@lisamurkowski dont understand your logic voting 4 this. You’ve just passed another way 2 kill care for millions & give $ 2 rich. Seriously?
Your are destroying the future for our children/grandchildren. So wrong. Wealthy do not need tax cuts. Get $ out of politics, Ur all bought!
And cuts to Medicare & Medicaid? How bout helping the middle class instead of your rich Republican donors. Wealthy don’t need tax cuts!
Personal top bracket must rise! You are pandering to big donors!
At what cost to the people and the land? 
Surely we can do better for America. Please keep trying to.
Tax break for the rich
perhaps it does that, but while paving way for huge tax breaks for the uber wealthy and making the rest of us poorer, more vulnerable. Shame
No it offers tax breaks for the rich and sucks money out of the middle class, we've been down this road before
Killing wildlife refuge. Congrats.
It cuts Medicare for millions
Drilling in ANWR is holding on to a past that is decimating Alaska’s future. Stop destroying our wilderness & wildlife!
I guess now you are a “Yes’am “Mr.Trump for the rest of your term as a pretend to be for the American people ,right Sen.Murkowski
And robs Medicare and Medicaid. Sellout!
I thought you had more sense, Senator.
Now you better repeal Obamacare or you will be OUT! #maga
Reaganomics killed America’s middle class - http://Salon.com 
We need to protect the #Arctic National #WildlifeRefuge, not raid it for oil.
House slashes funding for clean energy, restores funding for fossil fuel research
Here's what we know so far about Rick Perry's fake power grid study – and it isn't good |
Trump's Heritage Foundation budget will destroy clean energy innovation and gut the Department of Energy — Quartz
Not much support here! Surprised? You shouldn’t be - electorate is WOKE - vote for this? Kiss your seat goodbye!
Disagree. Tax cuts, cuts to Medicaid and Medicare, all hurt Alaskans. Please #extendCHIP
BS. This adds $1.5 trillion to the deficit & cuts Medicare & Medicaid in order to give DJT & his rich a-hole buddies a big fat tax cut. Boo.
Lisa I have lost all respect. Vote her out Alaska! She is bought and paid for.
Stay on your toes. These new DC swamp things can’t wait to get their greedy grubby little hands on Alaska.  We need you now more than ever.
I am opposed to this crappy tax reform. You can try to sugar it up, but it sucks and you know it. I am a constituent of yours.99507 opposed!
How Much did it take, to Pay You Off ?
Why are you voting to cut Medicare & Medicaid to give tax cuts to millionaires? You were against that last month
Helps 1%, harms the middle-class & most vulnerable. Disappointed a respectable person in ur position doesn't understand basic economics.
Are you serious?? This assinine policy adds trillions to debt! What was your bribe?
And if you can't understand how tax cuts exacerbate inequality, you're unfit for office.
I had a sliver of hope that you were an honorable, intelligent person - disappointed to find I was foolish to harbor that hope.
And now you suck! Unfollowed!
As a Democrat you were one of the only @GOP I respected- but after reading this I will no longer follow you.
Wow! You realize the only 1 that agrees with u in this tweet is a deplorable from Montana. You're cutting Medicare and Medicaid for the rich
Me too. You don’t listen and don’t look at the big picture. Unfollow.
Vote no
Disappointed you'll be voting for a hoax.
tax cuts at the top, historically = RECESSION . NO to trickle down.  been there done that.  Lost job, almost lost our home
Bull. Shame on you!
What are you even doing? You're taking my family's money and giving it to non-AK rich folk so they can buy yachts. We die, they celebrate
Gutting the Arctic Wildlife Refuge to benefit a couple of rich jerks. Putting even more burdens on the working people. What a class act!!
It is a setup to destroy social welfare nets and send the poor into oblivion...
Drilling in protected, pristine areas just so someone can make more $$ off oil is NOT responsible energy development. Geeezzzzzzz
I don't believe it. Stick around.
Shameful.  Bye bye. You lost me.
Please do not vote for this!
What about the rest of our UNITED STATES?
So I see that spot in your heart for our healthcare has turned into GOP cancer. You're OK with destroying the Arctic? Alaska is next.
This GOP budget is a dumpster fire with 1 goal: to fast-track a massive tax giveaway to wealthy and corporations at the expense of families.
It is stupid to add trillions to the national debt to give wall st millionairs tax breaks.
Republican budget would decimate Medicare and Medicaid. The GOP doesn't need to repeal Obamacare to slash safety net funding.
Obviously have been bought. This is not responsible, but you are chairman of this area giving gravy for the rich, for drilling in your state
Love you Lisa, but how is opening up ANWR “responsible”? It’s one of the last untouched places on Earth.
Two words: Exxon Valdez

Disappointed that you’re taking this position. This is further social economic redistribution from bottom to top. Trickle-down doesn’t work.
Tax reform=tax cut for top 10% paid for by the 90%.  Responsible energy devel=drill in Alaska wilderness. Seems everything has its price.
Have you read the budget?
welp, you had me on health care. this, though? really????
Feeling like you might have sold us out Lisa...did you?
Stealing from the medicare fund that paid into for your 1 prcent donors You so proud of that.When do I get to vote to steal from you pay
Tax cuts for the rich do not help the middle class! Voodoo Economics!
Unfortunately your selling out to the top .02 percent that don't create jobs&leaving the rest in a sewer bad u can do better by getting real

What about Medicare/Medicaid cuts?
The price is too high. We will lose our precious Arctic. Don't do this for short term gain.
Too many politicians with no expertise in any field other than grifting and BS'ing.  Let's get some scientists and great minds to D.C.
It will gut funding to Medicare, Medicaid and social security. I thought you cared about these issues. Obviously not.
Very disappointing especially with her stance on healthcare
Very disappointing.
Lisa, it's not just Alaska.
You just govern u way out in 2020
You mean cutting subsidies from forms of energy that might save our planet if it means we keep Alaskan oil in the ground. Right?
Nothing like giving rich people and corporations tax cuts to bring the GOP together again
You’re proud of the raping of the average American. Yeah real proud of that I guess you’ll go play some more golf  now I suppose
Medicare and Medicaid are not important to your constituents? Not reform, tax cuts. Shame on you!
How nice that you all voted on something without the specifics? Ass backwards? But hey by all means focus on your Rep agenda ...
The hell with doing the 'right' ethical thing. Hope you have rich constituents that get you reelected because that is who is benefited. 
Worried about the deficit, Senator. What’s your take on that
Aaaaaaaaaand unfollowed
it also has tremendous risks.
Increasing the planets temperature?


Lisa! Wash your mouth with soap!
k. when the economy goes tits up again like it does every time y'all cut taxes on the rich, don't blame us.
By cutting Medicaid and Medicare ????
Border Wall Prototypes Displayed in California https://youtu.be/0nC8vtMvrGs  #Trump #BuildTheWall #MAGA #DonaldTrump @FameRTs @NightRTs @Relay_RTs
Doug Jones or Roy Moore?
And Koch brother tax cuts 
More like MERCER too!
