The whole thing should have never happened..Very unAmerican
I believe the media has reported this incorrectly. He just wants to increase the vetting for ppl coming from these countries.
It is very unamerican and will put us more in danger
EO on MuslimBan is UNCONSTITUTIONAL& UN-AMERICAN. Anyone siding wDOTUS on this will end up on the wrong side of history.
you stood your ground on education. Good for you! Now stand up for what is right on this ban.

GOOD BECAUSE IF THEY STOP IT AND WE GET TERRORIST FEFUGEES YOU GUYS FORGET THE RIGGED SYSTEM ..YOU KNOW TERROR IS THREAT
he needs to protect us and so do u
- You had better be with the people!  We are tired of people put in office and do whatever "their" agenda is!
Vote No on DeVos, Sessions, and Gorsuch to protect all Americans! They do not represent the best we have to offer!

Remember this "BAN" also jeopardizes our military currently in IRAQ. Also, what about the many Iraqis who have fought with US
American needs you to have some backbone.  You and your Party  must stand up to #TyrantTrump , to protect our #constitution.
Senator, the WH continues  toward racist, discriminatory laws, policies ... and to endanger water we drink, air we breathe.
We Green card holders/immigrants in AK work hard,pay taxes,participate in democracy,volunteer and  Alaska.Please support us
What a non-response.  Get off the Train.
Wow do you always share your work ?
Dont chip away at the constitution!
a shamefully weak statement
politicians live via weak statements. We need to be open and honest with our opinions.
.@lisamurkowski I'm ashamed to have ever voted for you. The other two I understand. You? You know better. Coward. #MuslimBan
I'm sure she'll survive your shame, and be busy voting YES for DeVos. FYI calling her a coward is a reflection of yourself.
Or an accurate description of her.
And you.
The ban is TEMPORARY Trump has the right to review vetting process Common Sense
Time may have been better served revisiting your negative perception of #ConfirmDeVos the country needs her! @SarahPalinUSA
Fair enough
Please oppose this hasty and ill-executed EO.
I think those Senators who stand up to Trump now, will have a better opportunity to get elected when they run again.
thank you for voicing your opposition to this sloppily written and implemented immigration ban. I appreciate it.
Please clarify if your monitoring resulted in support or rejection of the Executive Order. Alaskans want to know.
People are suppose to know what a politician stands for, but to give a personal commitment about POTUS EO?
This immigration ban is an unnecessary, dangerous plan that is simply creating hatred for Americans. This needs to stop now.
Trump is a Total disaster! Please start impeachment proceedings! And start plans to do away with the electoral college!!
monitoring?  You know it is wrong, the entire world knows it is wrong, to continue supporting it IS WRONG!
Isn't it sad that this was done so badly!!! How embarassing!!! Trump is so incompetent. Bad advisors. Stupid policy. So sad.
"Monitoring"?....That's it?  #MuslimBan is unfair and un-American. Please stand up for what's right.
please provide an update. There is no justification for turning our back on refugees.
Please consider voting no for Devos. Her work in MI has ruined public schools and made it a money making machine for charters
And ?  When are you going to speak out? Condemn this EO. It is not what we are, and puts all Americans in danger.
The people of your state chose Trump and he is from you party dont be a liberal traitor tool and enable the liberal Democrats
You should support him. All the clap trap is just that and you know it.  To vote against him makes you a traitor.
What a weak answer!  Stand up to this bully.  As a Congrssman use your voice. This is not security this is arrogance.
My mom is a public school teacher in Wasilla. She and I, along w/ most Alaskans, oppose DeVos for Sec. of Ed. PLEASE vote NO.
why don't you try opposing it, instead of "monitoring it". Go ahead and oppose #DeVos while you're at it.
this is a non-statement in support of fascism
What an amazing feat to say absolutely nothing with your statement.
Our national security is not helped by becoming an isolationist country and alienating the rest of the world!
And we hope you have concluded that it is not only racist & unconstitutional, but puts Americans at risk.
...and????
and do u support direct defiance of court rulings to stay the EO, so that it could be vetted? US marshalls currently ignoring
Vote with your constituents, not on party lines. Your constituents do not support Devos.
PLEASE VOTE NO ON BETSY DEVOS! She is BAD for education and our children's future. This should not be a partisan issue.
As an educator and parent I urge u to vote against De Vos. The US deserves a qualified candidate.Be Brave
I voted for Trump, but do NOT support Devos. I live in a rural area in Michigan and she would be devastating to rural schools
Please vote against Betsy DeVos.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2016/12/08/a-sobering-look-at-what-betsy-devos-did-to-education-in-michigan-and-what-she-might-do-as-secretary-of-education/?utm_term=.55ed74d52a79 …
please #NotoDeVos
Stand up to this dangerously incompetent president, please!!!
BETSY DEVOS HAS NO BUSINESS OR EXPERIENCE RUNNING THE EDUCATION DEPT OF AMERICA. PLEASE VOTE YOUR SENSE AND YOUR CONSCIENCE.
you fucked us on DeVos, why wouldn't you do it again?
Please stop Betsy. The educayion of our children and grandchildren rests in your hand. Please say No.
life.  But now, I know the Alaska my family left is not likely to live unfettered for very much longer.  I'm so disappointed.
I now live in California, but I had always longed to go back one day.  To Wrangell, the place where my family carved a good
9/many let it.  And for what gain?  What about Trumps presidency do you think makes any Alaskan hopeful?
History is watching.
8/many their way in?  No.  None of them would have.  Your party has left you and many other Republicans behind, and you have
7/many Education in the state of Alaska, would she have stood for a Billionaire with no educational experience to bulldoze
6/many in environmentally sensitive development," would he have been pro pipeline?  When your my grandmother worked for
Yesterday I apologized to my kids that our gen has failed them. They will not grow up in same America I did.
5/many words toward what government should and could be. When your dad said, "One of Alaska's strengths is our pioneer role
4/many to call back to the words of former republicans...INCLUDING you, and including your father to find real actionable
Muslim ban is Un-American.   Do Not Confirm Betsy DeVos!
3/many.  The things happening in Washington now are not Republican, not conservative, and not even American.  One only needs
2/many not on the ideas of rhetoric, hate, and fear.  My mom babysat you, my grandmother and grandfather worked for your dad
On October 8, you said you could not and would not support Trump. Alaska is built on the ideals of community 1/many
Oh so that's why you voted party lines on DeVos SMH nothing more than a tratior Trumplican couldn't even do the right thing
The entire history of Alaska exemplifies the grit and fortitude of the human spirit. You make Alaska weep with this tripe.
I hope you'll continue your tradition of a moderate approach to governing & resist DeVos & other extreme & unqualified noms.
you better not vote for DeVos.
please vote NO on DeVos! She is clearly unqualified! Our children will thank you!
Proud of yourself? You just helped to destroy our public schools in America! Shame!
Stand up for immigrants. My ancestors were Irish and treated horribly- no jobs. We can't permit that again. Act humanely.
Grow a spine, Murkowski! Stand up against Trump's unconstitutional immigration ban!
Senator, the actions of the Trump admin. are not normal. The institutions of the Republic are being tested & not for the good
You can't believe we are safer now. No Americans in Iraq? They help us.
Your duty remains first and foremost to support and defend the Constitution, not to help any POTUS weaken it.
Which terrorist attacks were committed by refugees....? None. We know this is just cruel theater and your statement is weak.
How can we pretend this order is for security, when the top 3 exporters of terrorism -w his businesses- aren't even listed?
who read it to u
President Trump is working to protect the American people and #MAGA
. Hell, the unlawfulness is not clear to you? You are fired.
the Ban works both ways. http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-38814346 …
And while you're at it, you better do everything in your elected power to #StopSessions. History has its eyes on you!
As a deeply concerned American, I beseech you to reject Jeff Sessions as U.S. Attorney General
Jesus this is weak sauce
please just help the USA get back on the right track. @realDonaldTrump is scaring everyone
Remember this? "I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States..."
Please do not super this ban. I get you support Trump, but this is a bad policy. Do not support his bad choices.
time to stand up Senator. You have sworn to support and defend the constitution
this doesn't say anything. The #MuslimBan is wrong and I'd hoped you'd stand against it. Trump should be impeached.
This is wrong. #nobannowall
PLEASE VOTE AGAINST BETSY DEVOS
Please listen to the majority of voters and stand up against the immigration ban, the wall, Bannon and Devos
Only looking out for yourself, again. No wonder you make that corrupt Senator list so often.
, DO MORE. Alaskan's are being directly affected by Trump's racist policies, STAND UP TO HIM. #Resist
http://www.ktuu.com/video/?vid=412108133&vid=412108133 …
an incredibly weak statement. Do your job and stand up for not only your state but your country as well.
I am horrified, frightened, discouraged and disheartened by the actions President Trump.  I'm concerned for our democracy!
if no problem, why can't they weed out the problems instead of blocking everyone
is there a problem with the veting process, like the State department doesn't have the resources to complete?
Monitoring the implementation of a clearly religion based ban on refugees isn't exactly an encouraging answer.
I am disappointed by your choice to remain "silent" & support religious discrimination, shame on you for your cowardice.
Says nothing. Means nothing. Do your job and defend your constituents. #MuslimBan
can you tell me what is the first priority of the federal government & who our constitution covers?
Pls make me proud to have grown up an Alaskan & do the right thing. Say NO 2 DeVos & take a stand against Trump. For ALL. Thx
The EO separated children from parents and denied due process to legal immigrants on its first day. Monitoring is not enough.
please stand with us and vote NO on DeVos! #VoteNoDevos
Senator, please vote no on Devos for Education. She's clearly unqualified. Our children deserve better. #countryoverparty @lisamurkowski
It looks like these were empty words from @lisamurkowski
Thank you for standing up against this illegal and unconstitutional Executive Order!
I'm pretty sure she didn't say she was standing up.
Please speak out against it. It is against everything our country stands for.
FWIW: called @lisamurkowski and had a pleasant convo w/ a staffer. Devos seems to be the one getting called on most. Don't let her rest.
You took the highest amount $ from the fossil fuel industry, more than any other Senator 2014-16. $960,248.00
Weak! Legislators who purport to uphold "traditional American values" of LIBERTY, JUSTICE, AND EQUALITY should be angrier rn
#profileincourage, monitoring division
this ban has deprived legal American residents, some who served with our military, of due process and endangered many. Reply.
what does monitoring mean? Do you support the ban on Syrian refugees?
This limp-wristed statement is political pablum that says nothing. It is tacit approval of Trump's bigoted cruelty.
> Please vote NO, against Betsy DeVos!  Vote for the children of the USA, not the GOP.
if you do not oppose YOU ARE COMPLICIT in this EO and its consequences. https://www.ushmm.org/information/exhibitions/museum-exhibitions/some-were-neighbors …
Senator, you know he's a problem that's only going to get worse right? #checksandbalances #codifysanctions
say no to DeVos
PLEASE speak out against this @lisamurkowski! Then #impeachTrumpnow. We'll deal with radical religious @VP next. And #Bannon, Miller, Prince
word salad that says nothing.
The time is now to stand firm against poor choices. No on DeVos, Sessions and Tillerman.
This Alaskan is thoroughly disappointed in your very weak and overall meaningless statement.
Take a stand against Trump. Speak up. History will judge you for your silence.
great to hear you're "monitoring". How about you take a stand for a Non-white supremist America, NOT run by Executive Order?
Ms Murkowski - you have to be better than this.  Better than partisan politics.  Please be courageous-do not stay silent.
Thanks, but it's your firmly-stated opposition to this over-broad and unconstitutional order that is required right now.
Sen. Murkowski, what is your position on CBP's refusal to follow/enforce federal court orders striking down parts of the ban?
Monitoring an illegal, un-American policy is not enough. @Nat_Herz @lisamurkowski
All weekend long my staff and I have been monitoring implementation of President Trump’s recent Executive Order related to immigration: 
Lisa, remember 9/11? Of course you do. But those nations aren't banned. It's selective & transparent. Should be obvious.
There's no vetting going on, they've been vetted. It's a ban  based on religion. Nationality a transparent cover for religion
Read the Constitution. It's an illegal order that is illegally enforced despite two court orders from two federal judges
Stop monitoring and start fighting this corrupt, indecent administration. History will remember this spineless Congress.
so you support this? Shame on you
the ban is unAmerican & immoral & invites recruitment of terrorists. It made our country less safe. Step up against racism.
A non-statement. Take a stand. #DoYourJob
A blank sheet of paper would have been as informative and probably more courageous.
Take a stand against legal permanent US residents being denied entry to return to their homes and families. Disappointing.
Come out against it! It is terrible for business and stock market. We look like fools to allies. What does GOP stand for?
kinda like credit monitoring? You tell people, but don't do anything.
Quisling.
Who can forget when Oskar Schindler bravely stayed up all weekend to monitor the trains as they sped past.
I would feel better if our lawmakers took a strong stand against bigotry implicit in this EO.
why aren't countries in which he has business included? He is completely corrupt. @Itailg8 you should weigh in w/your senator
in other words you are letting him do whatever he wants to smear the lines of the constitution. Shame on you.
a shamefully meaningless statement. People know what side you're on, Senator.
AND?????
What does this mean? Basically just saying you want to keep the country safe and you're going to have a convo with POTUS? Ban is illegal.
Meanwhile, @Potus and his handlers will continue to ignore American and Alaskan values. Way to take a stand as my Senator LOL
Talk to your military leaders too. Foreign Interpreters, AD green cards and our CAN Mil Visa holders are important too.
What exactly will you be monitoring?What add'l "extreme" steps do you think should be added to the 22-step, multi-yr process?
You are siding with the white nationalists. SHAME.
Please get on the right side of history and stop supporting this joker.  Listen to the calls Alaskans are making to you.
"Trying to understand"  Seriously????  Weasel words!!
What an absolute slap in the face this is - you should be ashamed of yourself.
This doesn't say anything. Either support the ban or don't. Enough of this equivocating nonsense.
empty words, empty statement. Take a position or resign as a policy maker.
Couldn't have said it better.
And are you going to do anything? Sitting back and watching as laws are broken isn't leadership. Do. Your. Job.
The GOP and ISIS are both supporters of Trumps policies which are discriminatory, unAmerican and endanger our country.
Thank you. The disregard for legal US citizens and too-broad sweep against those we should be helping will add to tensions.
Monitoring? This is an illegal EO and if it is true the WH told DHS to ignore the federal court order you must act. Lead!
Since you are a Russian-financed troll, no one cares what you think.
Monitoring? Let's step up the game Senator. I respectfully request you DO something. I suggest starting with impeachment
