Only in Alaska ! Lisa M isn't just a Senator - she's also a REAL person ! Thanks for having my (our) back in Washington !
RINO!!!
Nah, I'm actually an Independent - I prefer to do my own thinking .
What abt the rest of American tax payers (paying Murkowski's salary & pension) who have med ind but can't afford to use it?
That's just wrong ! We ALL need to have responsible coverage ! One more reason for working TOGETHER to fix what's BROKEN ! Murkowski's right
Are u pushing Single payer system? Prob is gov trying 2 control.Why not regulate ins co's & pharmaceuticals instead of WE THE PEOPLE?
Not advocating anything X Congress working together like it was intended to solve a BIG problem for most Americans Show us the way FOREWARD
Not bad for the 62ish club! Good movement for getting around congress!!!
Not sure it's appropriate for a US senator to be posting this when there is so much suffering in Texas?
Just the way she danced around ObamaCare! #DrainTheSwamp
She wasn't dancing, she was quite solid in one place. Thank goodness for Lisa Murkowski!
Yes, thank God she helped to keep a failing program in place and kept all taxpayers on the hook for it! #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
She voted for her constituents.  She represents them not you.
I agree with her. She's obviously more in touch with most Americans than her fellow Republicans.
Just like most of progressives she doesn't mind digging deeper into our pockets to keep this failing program alive. #DrainTheSwamp
Social security is a failing program, want to cut it?  Before you get yours?
Social Security is a program that we paid into for future use. ObamaCare is straight up Socialism!
Good to know you have a career after politics.
Not for long!
Please support our president!
Haha this is awesome.
The #SwampRat traitor in action.
I love you @lisamurkowski!  From Missouri...
What a joke. Total joke
Wow. Do you pay high premiums and high deductibles?  No so do something traitor
How about healthcare and tax reform? People are suffering
You go girl!!
Concentrate on helping the President. Your behind should be in DC not playing hoola hoop.
They're on recess brainiac...
Also, *hula.
I realize they are on recess Moron and that's the point . Hula hoola your clever enough to understand. Don't be a total ass
"...Moron....Don't be a total ass".
#selfreflection #haveablessedday
Lindas atitudes. Abraços e Deus a abençoe sempre
Enjoy it while you can bcuz as a conservative you are GONE as an elected official!
How about working for the American back in DC instead of having fun. That would be a change!
Throw this swamp rat out of office@2cold4u2
Good to see you're having a great time but my health care sucks!!  Thanks a lot!!
I love it...you are really in the wrong political party!
Now I know why you are so DIZZY!
Lol
You are terrific.  Thanks for your support if the #disabled of Alaska and the USA!
Must be nice to be healthy enough to do that.. people suffering from Obamacare are to sick to hula hoop...#whatajoke #crazylady
Do nothing Senator learning a new job. MAGA
And I'm a democrat
rock it girlfriend!
Wow coming from an employee of the American people such a disgrace
hope you dislocate a hip
Loved it in Palmer when we went. Met Blue Oyster Cult at our hotel, watched the musk oxen toss a pipeline pig around. Almost 20 years now!

Spinning must not just be hobby, you do it too good girl #schoolofhardknocks in U.S. Senate
Very impressive. I cannot do that and I'm only 29!
You are truly amazing. I met you a few months ago and was super impress. Thank you senator. Keep up the hard work.

Senator Murkowski saved the lives of thousands of veterans via voting NO on the ACA repeal. Her legacy is secured. Thank you.
Think of all the dead babies who will never see a fair because the were ripped from their mommies womb by planned Parenthood.
GFY Becky...     GFY.
I will leave that to you.  I'm sure your talented enough to handle it.
I am, but there's no way I'm getting near your scorching case of #etiquetteherpes. 
Your name is one I will not forget ! Good Lady !
You rock...
Go Lisa!
Impressive! I never could do that...
You go, Murkowski!!! You are a strong woman in so many ways!!!!
Why don't you put down the hula hoop and start working on repealing like you promised all of us you'd do to get re-elected.
You go girl....wow
Biggest cocktease ever!!!

8===D
Progressive Rhino knows how to do that Wow. Don't hurt yourself we still hv Obama Care.Oh wait Politicians don't have what they force on us.
Go Girl!
Retire, RINO
You  voted no on changing Obamacare. Shame on you.
She voted no on repeal without viable replacement.
She voted no on a bill that would have sent it to committee. Shut down all possibility of change.
You don't even know what was going to committee; your party loyalty is no substitute for critical thinking.
That's the point. The bill as written goes to committee where a consensus is agreed to. You just say no to everything. Period.
Our Senator said no to a crappy bill and crappy cutouts that affect 1/5 of the economy without input from all Senators.
Glaf your having fun while im having to work harder to pay my premium. #yournotmysenator.
Loser,TRAITOR hope u get voted out..Go run with the DEMS. They like u.
You go girl  
Hope ur GOP opponent retires u 4 the good of the nation.
Love You,@lisaMurkowski, happy to see you having fun!
Hope your neighbors convert you to support President while there!
She's to smart to support ignorance
Pure joy!
Not impressed.

The more I learn about you the more I like you! How can younot love a hula hooper?
Wow! Pretty good!
Are u kidding me? America is burning, the health care system in busted, and u are at the fair? Get to work senator. Your time is short
Good people of Twitter, behold:
#yournotmysenator
Goals! 
@greta @AlaskaStateFair I wish she were my R senator.  I'm stuck with Ted Cruz and John Cornyn
You're going to wish you voted for Trump Care after that.
Disaster in TX, people being beat in Berkeley & .@lisamurkowski is having fun doing the Obamacare death spiral with a hula hoop SAD!
Her next job after she'll be Cortes out next election. Disguised democrat.
You know nothing California troll.
That's the Heathcare shuffle!
Conn troll.
Impressive!
Your next job after you're replaced.

This is a video representation of how liberals think everything revolves around them...
That took you hours to compose I'm sure.
No I'm not you I have an education.... And I don't like beating up old people in wheelchairs
 sure ya do.
Yawn... You're really boring
As are you boy in Mother's basement.
How original yawn I see you as an overweight divorced woman eating ice cream and blaming men for everything that's ever happened to you...
 happily married to a Marine and run a 12 min mile at 55 but you keep going.
When you could have been working on legislation for the president's agenda. Thanks for the priorities.
Wow impressive
Well ma'am you are amazing even at hula hoop.  I could never do it! 

What's with the Connecticut trolls?
awww now I miss those cookies :(
Have fun dingbat n get comfortable after next election u'll be spending a lot of time there
well you worked harder at that then what you have done in congress
Judas
Did you talk about how you betrayed your constituents and voted to keep Obamacare?
I could never hula hoop
Oh boy tax payers money hard at work

Damn. you're good at that too!
Wow! I'm impressed!
Can't wait until reelection so glad I can vote against you
You go, Girl!
Thank you for putting before partisan politics
Responses to this pic are as hokey as she is
Hula Hoop may be fun; but Paddle Ball also ; I suggest which will double your FUN; Senator @LisaMurkowski, I can assure you.What you do; AL
Your fun is about as phony as your claim to be a Republican!
You go girl!

Seriouslt. U r talking to a congressional traitor
Not your first time eh?
This is the American people feel Senator. Round and around no end in site with your ability to conduct or work with the party. Please Retire
Umm, Umm You is good. A Duel w/@SenGillibrand or any of our Boys.
If you could choose one senate colleague to battle with foam swords who would it be
Impressed.  I don't think I can still do that.
