Never thought I'd see the day my 'Conservative' Senator pushed for Socialism. Your have let down your core voting base.
Vote her out! We  vote ours out here in VA! The Silent Majority have had ENOUGH!
It's extremely dishonest to claim to be a Conservative, then vote with the Left. She will be voted out. She has let down her voter base.
Well, time was, Conservative was more a political leaning than stupid animal tribalism, but I get the feeling you're more into the latter.
Yep
this is how god really is psycho'
He never said give them huge deductibles, raise their premiums, tax the other guy and tell yourself you're the one helping the poor
He also never said keep your $.  He DID say you cannot serve both God and money, though. (But that's if you SERVE God, not misuse his name.)
Thank you for standing for what is right for the people. So proud
Really! What about those of us that are losing coverage & paying ridiculous premiums/deductibles! You must have yours paid for! 
The plan they are voting on now will make everything worse.
JUST OUT: AMA calls Senate "Freedom" Act a "toxic prescription that would make matters worse." 
Mine can NOT get worse! Provider pulling out in Dec the past 3 yrs have been nightmare unaffordable and penalties ...yours must be free!SMH
Please consider the future repercussions of Socialized Medicine & the vulnerability it creates allowing Gov to gain power over its people.
Right on!
As a lifetime IND..I want to TY & @SenatorCollins 4your courageous stand in defense of millions of rightly frightened Americans #ACA (1)
Really! What about those of us that are losing coverage & paying ridiculous premiums/deductibles! You must have yours paid for! 
btw...your premiums & deductibles are rising because of the 24/7 uncertainty Trump pumps on healthcare by openly rooting4 #ACA's failure
Unfortunately that's not true. It has been a nightmare for us for 3 yrs, COST going up , providers dropping out ,etc! IT HAS TO CHANGE 4 ALL
Voting to save ACA gives the appearance of kindness but in reality thwarts ppl's ability to be self-reliant. You're voting like a socialist.
Obamacare is Socialist!
It's kind. Unlike many so-called Christians. It's helping those in need like Jesus!!!
Jesus never said others should be FORCED to pay for another's upkeep. The Bible is very clear. If a man will not work, neither will he eat.
Jesus said to feed the poor. Jesus said the meek will inherit he earth, not the greedy! He was also non violent.
Yes he did.But he didn't say to do it through government subsidies & taxation. Today's poor sit at home on their Sect 8 while I go 2 work
God also said do not judge. Just be kind and take the high road. I work every day too! Love is the answer.
WRONG!!!! In order to shun evildoers, as we are told, we must be able to judge evil and those who are doing it. Absolutely WRONG about that.
PENCE PRESIDENT is BETTER for GOP.  No more Trump threats and bullying. Why does GOP defend Trump's antics?
Thank you. I am a cancer patient. I thank you, my wife thanks you &, although he might not understand why, our five year old son thanks you.
eat homemade pickle which madewith vinegar and drink nettletea. They help to kill cancercell and make smaller. I hope it helps u feel better
More photo ops. Get something done we have voted you republicans into the majority and it is being wasted, what are you waiting for
Can Americans count on you to vote NO on Trumpcare tonight?
You let us down!!!! Voted for obama care, traitor!!!! Loser, liar!
You need to read Saul & Alinsky's, "Rules for Radicals", dedicated to Lucifer. Socialized HC is one of the control tactics used in the book.


@Texasvet91 you are a traitor to us. You've shown your true colors. Redcoat.
You are not a Republican go join the DEMS. Oh forgot you are.
Your just pissed off because Alaska is bigger then Texas
@Texasvet91 I served your state and my country there...
Here comes the primary train.....
2010: Murkowski urges repeal of ACA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GA09df_ekfA …
Hundreds of thousands of Democrats exodus the Terror Party for Trump. We are our own party, not the Republican Traitors. Vote them out.
if obozocare was off the table, businesses could expand and hire these homeless..this doesn't take a rocket scientist..whose paying you off?
Vote this sellout out!! Weak senator!
Thank you for standing up for the American people, Senator. It's such a relief to see someone who actually cares about the people.
Your honorable actions will be remembered. 
The democrats have moles posing as fake conservatives like this lady here
#Alaska voters REPLACE #RINO  @lisamurkowski WE NEED TO #DrainTheSwamp of the Democrats in GOP clothes! #SkinnyRepeal
This cretin gripes at Dems not getting confirmations done then turns around and forestalls about 6 of them herself.
Time to vote these Dems in disguise as republicans!
They didn't vote as Democrats wanted them to, but as their voters wanted them to.
wait till these same people go to the doctor&they wont accept Obamacare& asthey just said on tv that31%of doctors are not acceptingMedicaid!
That's because of Trump & Republican sabotage to healthcare, not the ACA.
Obamacare was a corpse before the election. Nearly before Trump even declared his candidacy.
Happy you voted no! Thank you.
Enjoy the worst healthcare in the history.
It doesn't matter to me what party you are in..... always act in the interests of everyday people.
You worry about homeless youth yet won't vote to repeal Obamacare your priorities are screwed lady we need jobs to prevent homelessness
Thank you Senator for not caving to the party line over what's best for your constituents. Hope for better bill. P.S. Love that suit fabric!
Get behind Our President, that way we can work together and create more and better jobs for AMERICANS.
VOTE to replace, not mend.   POLLUTED

Thank you Senator for your support.
Thank you for protecting millions of lives. Your vote stands forever, while administrations come and go. Don't be bullied. Courage!
...I'll likely be 1 of the 1,000's of Americans who will die as a result of this misguided & heartless repeal effort..#ACA (4)
No, Spar - This brave Senator put Health Care for Americans above partisan politics & saved us 
It's called amplifying the reality of the situation on the off chance it may be seen by someone who has an actual vote..Run along now...


Aaaah ya


If overlapping healthcare coverage is not made available2me..& considering my dire pre-existing conditions...#ACA (3)
Thank you
Thanks! Don't even let a President bully you because he just wants to pass any type of health bill to say he won!  Republicans open your 
Thank your for your courage, strength and leadership
Thank you for your vote!  Now Congress can get on with fixing healthcare
Thank you for your vote which highlights your strength,resolve, courage & leadership. Please keep up the quest to fix ACA for all citizens.
Thank you for standing up for Alaska and the nations healthcare.  We can get it right with bipartisanship.
Senator you are a HERO!
THANK YOU, Senator!!!
Thank you. 15mill losing healthcare and premiums up 20% was a LOUSY bill. People know that.
Thank you Senator, for standing strong and not being bullied, and for voting country over party! Your rewards will be plenty!
Thank you for your bravery and steadfastness. The American people than you and will not forget.
Thanks Senator @lisamurkowski for standing up to @SenateMajLdr and putting healthcare first. Your actions are undoubtably heroic.
Lisa care to comment on the AK Republican party's comments today...calls running 100% against your ACA vote
Thank you for standing up to what is right and not going with the majority I commend you
so Lisa tell us why no one is answering your office phone nor can messages be left
Thank you Sen. Murlowski on behalf of my disable sister and our family.  U demonstrate real intergrity and courage.

Thank you for your no vote on healthcare 7/28. You're saving lives!
Thank you for your vote last night. You helped to save American lives.
you're a TRAITOR
Thank you for standing up for the lives of Americans instead of the insurance industry. Please work with Dems to improve upon the ACA.
Go ahead and join the Dems, you're worthless to the @GOP anyway. Before you leave, payback all campaign funds you fraudulently collected.
Thank U for your No vote last night. U have demonstrated that U R willing 2 put the well being of UR people over party #Fight4MedicareForAll
Thank you Senator Murkowski for your strength in protecting the people of Alaska and all the US, and putting us ahead of party! Bless you!
I hope you know that a couple just killed themselves as they couldn't afford the OBAMA insurance.  You are a sick person.
Thank you Senator for putting American people before party. #TruePatriot  That means a Life for us.
Thank you Senator. You are corageous.
God bless you, Senator Murkowski!
I think 16M people said thank you 
thank you for voting no!
Please, let's vote this RINO out of office. She is a liar who was for repeal to get elected in 2010, But no vote til 2022 she's hypocrite
Reform the ACA.  Repealing it would have denied 20 million healthcare.
She made the right choice.
Time to rid the GOP of another Dem.
Thank you for the NO vote. You saved someone's life.
Thanks alot !
Sell out!
Surely you took money out of my pocket
You will be losing your job in 2018!
Can't wait to get you out!
Liar Phony!!
Why aren't you on Obamacare? Not good enough for you?
Go back to Alaska and face all the republicans who HATE you. GOP is done with you !!!  Take McCain with you.
Thanks for standing up for the right thing. We may not see eye to eye but thank you. As someone w/ a pre-existing condition. THANK_YOU
Thank you, Senator Lisa Murkowski for standing up for Americans.   We are proud of you. Thanks again
Thank you for doing the right thing!!!
Thank you for your Vote!... you did the right thing or wasn't about party, but responsability.... the bill was not appropiate....
Both my thanks and my utmost respect for your courage, bravery, and country loving attitude. God bless you and yours
It is a wonderful site to see as a woman see another woman stand up to a sexist threatening President and his male friends. You have my
disgusting woman
It is to my understanding you won your seat the hard way, that is a person, a woman undeterred from hardship, and is tough as nails.
THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! Americans can't thank you enough. Not only did you represent your state well you also empowered US WOMEN.
You are a true American hero. Thank you so much for your 'no' vote!
THANK YOU FOR STANDING WITH US!!!!  WE WILL NOT FORGET!!!
for your "no" vote ----- THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Right or wrong, thank you for the courage you showed in standing up for what you believe to be right and for your constituents! You're ok!!
Thank you so much for staying strong and voting no last night! You are a true American hero!
Another lying swamp RINO!
You gotta go. O-Care is the single most most harmful piece of legislation to ever burden the people of Alaska. You are a bad person.
You Senator are a hypocrite and a traitor to the people that elected you. Resign NOW.
Thank u for taking healthcare seriously instead of trying to get a win for ur party. You knew this wasnt a game, these were peoples lives
Thank you Senator. #CountryOverParty
As a liberal, thank you for standing up for your state, and putting their needs over your party's. We may disagree, but I can respect that.
Thank you for your vote.
Thank you for caring about those that are in need of help.
Thank you for your vote!
Thank you Sen. Murkowski. 
Thank you for being a patriot & thinking of others, not just those with $$. @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @thehill @CNN @WSJ @FoxNews @BretBaier
Thank you for many things, but for my girls, thank you for being a role model in Washington. They are in short supply :)
I have friends visiting your great state. I will be visiting shortly. Thank you for doing the right thing.
Thank you!!
I aspire to have your courage! You and @SenatorCollins inspire me to take a stand regardless of the hollow chants of the ignorant!
Senator Murkowski thank you for your patriotism, hard work and dedication. For voting NO on the skinny bill.  #shepersisted.
disgusting democrat in disguise.  Get ready to lose that senate seat socialist.  #fuklisamurkowski
You and @SenatorCollins are the heroes we need.
Thanks girllllll 
YOUR THE SWAMP! YOU are the FACE OF OBAMACARE!
Thank you for your service and looking after the people of your state even if some don't appreciate it.
Thank you for your bravery!
I will $upport your primary challenger.... Traitor.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR BRAVERY!  Your country thanks you too!  Ignore the hate as one day all people will you saved them with your vote!
Bye bye Lisa. YOU are finished..pack your bag's.
Thanks a lot ill keep on paying 800+ a month for shitty healthcare that was 150 a month before obamacare. Enjoy your premium healthcare
You Let AMERICA down #VoteNewPeeps just say No 2 Lisa! #Trump #DrainTheSwamp Give Americans same Insurance as House/#Senate #Democrats #Golf
THANK YOU!! #brave
I see they are hating on you. It's better to for what's right over party. You did the right thing. Stay in there.
Thank u Senator Murkowski for voting NO on trumpcare. U r on the right side of history. We will always love u for this. #BravePatriot.
Women Need to get MORE Credit for Standing UP4JUSTICE!In FACT,it's a WOMEN on Symbol of Justice! https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/7/28/16055132/murkowski-collins-mccain …

Thank you Senator!
Thank you Ms. Murkowski, for working in the best interest of your constituents and for the U.S. You will be remembered as a hero!
So brave, your integrity trumped threats! Thank you for your courageous vote to protect your fellow Americans.
Thank you
You are a true hero.  Thank you for your bravery and support.
Thank you for looking past party lines and doing the right thing for the American People
Thank you for your integrity, Senator! 
Thank you for doing what's right!  Hopefully, your colleagues will stand with you against POTUS and his threats issued thru cowardly Sec Int
Thank you for choosing great people of America over party. God bless you and more power to you.
Thank you!!!
Thank you for standing up to the Tangerine Bully.And doing the right thing for the people.
Hero with a heart who said no to evil registration from the start. McCain my get more credit, but intelligent people know 2 women are heroes

So very proud of you! I was a former, life-long voting Republican until Trump, who sees a glimer of hope for Republicans in your courage 
Thank you for putting people above partisan politics. Doing the right thing isn't always easy or popular. You helped save millions of lives.
Senator Murkowski,
Way to go protecting Alaskan's healthcare and indeed healthcare for all Americans!
We know it was your vote that did it!
THANK YOU Sen. Murkouski for your leadership and courage and your vote of NO.  You and Sen. Collins are heroes to so many Americans.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself Ms Murkowski.
Thank you Lisa Murkowski for standing up to your beliefs and Republicans. Any threat from trump didn't change your mind.
I thank you.
Thank you for staying strong and doing the right thing for your constituents. You & Sen. Collins are true heroes. We won't forget.
You know less people would be homeless if they didn’t have the burden of Obamacare around their necks. #MoreFreeMarkets #recallmurkowski
Lordy !!.. Even Canada has your back. Well done !!
Thank you so much for all you do.
How lucky they were to meet a true American PATRIOT Senator Murkowski! Strong American politician!
thank you
Thank you, senator!  Your courage and strong convictions are inspiring.  The American people are thankful for you and stand behind you.
#Senate rejects 'skinny repeal' of #OBAMACare as 3 #RINOs vote no http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/07/28/senate-rejects-skinny-repeal-obamacare-as-3-republicans-vote-no.html …

@SenJohnMcCain
@SenatorCollins
@lisamurkowski
