Judge Gorsuch will be his own man, following the law where it leads and that is what we should want in a Supreme Court justice.
He "leads" the law into recognizing corporations people and giving them more consideration than special needs students.
The Senate is making up/changing rules as you go along-your statement is not true. You believe that, I believe you are a lying hypocrite.
It's not in the tradition of the Senate to change the long-standing rules of 60 votes needed to confirm a Supreme Court nominee. Hypocrite.
you would have been better off saying nothing - now you look complicite
this is hypocrisy, of course. #MerrickGarland
You mean like a year long "filibuster" of Garland? GOP are far from Patriots! Hypocrites all!
Wake up mam, you are contending with liberal lunacy minus mutual respect & love of country. #CareerPoliticiansSUCK!
It's not tradition to hijack the nomination process either. Garland should have had a hearing. Gorsuch should require 60 votes. Shame on you
How can you even say that after the Senate refused to even give Merrick Garland a hearing?
I pledge Allegiance to the party and for which it stands.
Is it tradition to hold a seat until your party wins and not give an nominee a meeting or up or down vote.
It's not in the tradition of the Senate to BLOCK the sitting POTUS from a Supreme Court nomination.
Lisa... we are not happy.....
They don't care about anyone else
And neither is it NOT to hold hearings on a SCOTUS nominee which your party did with Merrick Garland.  Hypocrisy
Lady, what is wrong with you? Can't remember back a year? Obama's SCOTUS pick wasn't even given a chance. No hearing at all. You suck.
Our President is a Russian pawn. Who's to say his nominee isn't as well?
no, it's tradition to deny just Obama's choices?
You denied Garland and he was nominated by the most successful and popular president in our lifetimes!

Shame on you for enabling Trump!
But it's OK to refuse to vote on a SCOTUS nominee? Or to change the rules when something doesn't go your way? Not sure if this lines up.
Just block or ignore? How can you justify your choices? #womensRights #SCOTUSunjust #WomensMarch #Kindnessmatters
How do you forget something you did LAST YEAR?! What, you only get one opposition vote per President and now you have to stay in line?
After today, you shouldn't pride yourself on anything. You put party before country today. Shameful.
welcome to the new Nazi party
It is not a tradition of the Senate to refuse a hearing on a presidential nominee, either. Don't gaslight - we remember Garland.
… And it also isn't the tradition of the Senate to refuse a hearing for a qualified candidate from a sitting president. #NotMySenator
I would call GOP filibustering in the past 8 years "unprecedented."
Whataboutism
Hypocrisy /:
That the democrats used the nuclear option with regard to the appointment of federal district court judges, but now are crying foul? Agreed.
1) a previously minority party heavily reliant on the practice of filibustering, now pretending to be morally above it when in power. :)
2) Also, it could be argued that district/circuit court appointments are less scrutinized than the highest court in the land, but eh :)
The elimination of the filibuster can be put at the feet of both parties. Neither is blameless.
Agreed.
This is such blatant hypocrisy.  Total FAILURE Lisa.  Sad!
For 8 months the GOP would not even give a HEARING to Obama's choice.  No obstruction there!   The moral hypocrisy is incredible!  Shameful
.@lisamurkowski You're so wrong.

It's also NOT the tradition of the #Senate to NOT even give nominee #MerrickGarland a hearing !

#Gorsuch
Also not the tradition of the Senate to deny a SCOTUS nominee a hearing a floor vote. #MerrickGarland
24 or 25 times a nominee didn't get a floor vote...look it up.
Poli sci prof here. I have looked it up. I assume you are referring to withdrawn appointments, e.g. Harriet Myers. https://www.senate.gov/pagelayout/reference/nominations/Nominations.htm …
And she withdrew because she wasn't going to get a vote or if she did...not enough votes. What a reasonable jurist does when that happens.
Respectfully disagree given his character - and you never gave Garland a chance.  You will own the change you are making to pass him
Are you senile? Remember Garland?
Specious argument.
Nor is it the tradition of the Senate to not even hold a vote on a nominee appointed by a legitimately elected President. SHAME ON YOU LISA!
It's also not tradition to vote no on a perfectly qualified nominee but this is where we are at in politics
But it is to avoid Obama's nomination for a year? Also, your assistant who answers the phone is very rude!
Is it in the tradition of the senate to refuse to even consider a SCOTUS nominee? You were part of that just 12 months ago.
And remember WHICH party filibustered SCOTUS for FIRST time in history. No other option now than go nuclear. Fight these underminers!
Is it in the tradition of the Senate to categorically deny a supremely qualified, MODERATE nominee like MERRICK GARLAND? This seat is STOLEN
It was not tradition when Merrick Garland got no hearing. We want compromise. Vote no on nuclear option.
Senate traditions were crippled by McConnell and Judiciary in 2016. GOP created this. Do the right thing and do not support the nuke.
Do not #gonuclear!
Neither is it "in the tradition of the Senate" to not offer hearings to a Presidential nominee #JusticeforGarland @lisamurkowski
A horrible mistake.  Removing the filibuster rule would be a stain on the legacy of Republicans in the Senate . I am Alaskan and ashamed.
Please stand w your constituents and #VoteNoGorsuch! He doesn't stand up for American workers or for their children!
Wow! Incredible hypocrisy that you stand there with a straight face & say Gorsuch is not getting a fair shake! #MerrickGarland #StolenSeat
Why did the Republicans allow it for 11 months? It is appropriate to wait when a president is under investigation.  Common sense
BE CLEAR.  The nuclear option is YOUR failure.  It is bc YOU've become so partisan and uncompromising.
Yet you indirectly filibustered Garland last year. All moot considering the seat should never have belonged to this admin in the first place
remember what you did to Merrick Garland ?
Except when there's a Garland on the table! #hypocrisy #dotherightthing #nonukes Remember Gangof14
Trump and Russia = extraordinary times
#MerrickGarland you're a hypocrite
Read your tweets lady.  This will come back to haunt you
Is it a tradition to refuse hearings on a nominee?  Stop with the BS and #dotherightthing
How about blocking a sitting president's nom from even getting a hearing? Is that tradition?
but it's tradition to DENY them a hearing? #GarlandNotGorsuch
Party over country - check.
you should have respected the process by giving Garland a fair hearing-we all remember the lack of respect for SCOTUS by GOP
uh. Did you forget about you not even having a hearing for Garland??????
It is not a tradition to support a nominee from an illegitimate president that is far to the right of the majority of the American people.
Wait, so isn't that hypocritical to not even bring a hearing for Merrick Garland but now it's "I believe in traditions of Senate" argument!
You pride yourself on how you dealt with Merrick Garland? You and the Koch followers only care about serving your masters. Not the citizens.
Sen
 Murkowski. this is major. DO NOT CHANGE THE RULES...CHANGE THE NOMINEE.
As your supporter and constituent, please do not confirm NG. He isn't balanced enough for the highest Court in The World. #MAGA
Any one but a very rigid person like Gorsuch. Personal ideology is not fair to the American people.
Yea cuz everything this administration does is traditional. Try again Senator. You're losing respect every day you remain complicit.
What!? Yes it is. Are you being deliberately misleading or are you ignorant? Either is bad. Too much time in the cold? #TrumpTrainwreck
So does this mean that you will be voting against using the nuclear option and destroying the filibuster?
What about Chief Judge Garland? Outrageous. You & GOP filibustered his nomination for NINE MONTHS. Your institutional amnesia is stunning!
C'mon, Senator.  You are a reasonable Republican.  Can't understand the rage over @MerrickGarland_ ? #NoRobeforGorsuch #TryAgainGOP
And btw, the bogus "Biden rule" was taken out of context, and he allowed the vote to go forward. #GarlandnotGorsuch
#MerrickGarland You broke it, you bought it.
Please. He's too far right. #MerrickGarland was a moderate. He wanted a trucker to die in order to keep his job. #holdthefloor #StopGorsuch
You know the rule, no supreme court nominees in the last year of your presidency
Nor is it to block an appointee for a year. #GarlandNotGorsuch
Really sad that it had to come to this. The majority of the USA wants Garland to get a fair hearing the GOP is out of touch with most of us
Is it the tradition of the Senate to not give a nominee a hearing leave a SCOTUS seat open for 293 days? Hypocrite. Reap what you have sown.
Well then if you believe so deeply in the Senate traditions, why didn't you allow even a hearing or vote on Judge Merrick Garland ? ? ? ?
Don't remember the "tradition" of refusing to vote for a nominee either. #MerrickGarland
If it serves a purpose.
we should not have filibuster period. stupid rule. we should be allowed to vote how long debates are and if to be extended
and that should be majority 51 votes
When you voted against devos, I thought you were a republican that put country over party. What BS that was.
WORSE:It's NOT in the tradition to refuse even a hearing for a SCOTUS nominee but that's what U Rs willfully did for Obama's #JudgeGarland 
79 of Obama's nominees were blocked by republicans, including his SCOTUS pick (who never got a hearing). How's that not tradition?
Or is there a reason that trump (who possibly colluded with Russia btw) gets favourable treatment over legitimate president Obama?
...And I said that with all due respect and I love the great state of Alaska, thank you
Senator with all due respect, the Democrats were voted in, and represent their constituents, have a right to oppose nominee, our democracy
His record on women's rights and women in general is unsatisfactory. Please do not vote for this man.
Didn't the one that was put forward by Obama get filibustered?
You are right it isn't, because all get more than 60 votes, usually way more
Even on this thread it's overwhelmingly NO to Gorsuch.  You have a duty and a responsibility to Alaskans.  Seriously, say NO.
NOT about what YOU believe Senator.  I haven't spoken to one Alaskan that supports Gorsuch.  PLEASE represent your constituents. Say NO
That tradition you speak of was broken last year w/ a legitimate nominee. Payback.
its not the tradition of the Senate to steal a SCOTUS seat from a legally elected president.  We arent even sure if Trump is legit.
It is also not a tradition to refuse hearings for a SCOTUS nominee.  Where was your pride of Senate tradition then?  #StolenSeat #hypocrisy
You and @GOP are thick with hypocrisy. No hearing for #MerrickGarland? Explain that one. Shameful bunch you are.
No regard for history #MerrickGarland
Sure, you can blame the other party. But you are going to change senate rules because you couldn't get 60 votes. #NoGorsuch.
Get a nominee both sides can agree with then it wouldn't happen.
Shame on you. Senate GOP DIDNT EVEN MEET WITH GARLAND. u support corporate gorsuch.We will defeat you in Alaska-we will not write in yr name
When there's an investigation of Russian interference in our election there is damn good reason to delay this vote for at least a year!
You're a god damn joke of a human
Thank you for doing the right thing and showing integrity.
What about Garland?  Was that tradition?  How about you give him his hearing first.
The GOPs refusal to give Garland hearing was not "tradition". Nor is taking nom from pres under Fed investigation for Russia collusion.
Lisa please respond to the Garland comparisons! Would love to hear your thoughts!
Here you go (last paragraph):
Cool Thx
Garland?!?! Have you lost your mind?
Senator, where were you when your leadership denied even a hearing to Judge Garland? Was that case somehow different?
Bloop.
Finally, I can agree with you. Vote yes and support our President.
Traditions- rule of law? separation? oversight ? Tell that to Mitch and Paul- there is almost no integrity left in the Senate or the House
@JudgeNGorsuch Does not believe in the separation of (Christian) religious practice and State (Hobby Lobby?) This NJ mom says BAD call 4 US
It's not the tradition of the Senate to leave a seat open so you can maybe take a crack at it later. THAT was shocking.
Nor was it traditional to ignore Merrick Garland.
Oh please. I've been impressed with some of your work regarding this admin so far, but let's not BS here. #StolenSeat #MerrickGarland
If you believe in tradition why allow McConnell's historical aberration? Does the first Af-Am POTUS not get a 4yr term like 43 predecessors
It's also NOT the tradition of Senate to informally filibuster a SCOTUS nom by ignoring him / not have hearings & act like nom doesn't exist
When Dems under Obama used tactics GOP mulls under Trump, GOP Rep. Dreier said it would create "the most closed Congress in history."
Well, good for you. I had just about given up hope on you.
.@lisamurkowski Baloney. It happened to Abe Fortis. Changing the rules is not in the Senate tradition. Change the nominee, not the rules.
Well, it's not really in the "traditions" of the Senate to leave a nominee twisting in the wind for 293 days. #hipocrisy
The hypocrisy is beyond ridiculous.
you can fall in line, but don't pretend to be taking the high road #hypocrite#youknowdeepdown
Is it tradition to cheat judge Garland?
What "tradition" were you following when you did not allow a sitting President to fill a Supreme Court vacancy.  You are a hypocrite.
What about your "keep the saucer to cool the tea" comment back in 2013? There's a reason he's not getting 2/3, bc he's unqualified.
What about Merrick Garland, Lisa? Very disappointed in the hypocrisy.
Joe Biden argued for delaying one until after the election in 1992.
@americanowradio no one at all knew trump would win remember 98% chance Hillary was winning?
@americanowradio picked someone new and you all would be goof with it and gloating about replacing Scalia with a liberal.
Wasn't treatment of Garland a de facto filibuster, though arguably worse since he wasn't given benefit of hearings?
Very disappointing. I guess it's time to give up on my hopes of you being one of the few Republicans to help save us from Trump.
Your hypocrisy is astounding. This is what is wrong with politics today.  Have principals that you stand by when in power or not! #Garland
@americanowradio the republicans left it to voters had Hillary won merrick still wouldn't be the justice Hillary would of
Cutting off nose to spite Face comes to mind.
Also not traditional to not give a Presidential nomination a hearing. #justsaying
Merrick Garland
Thank you Senator Murkowski
I really thought you were better than this. Your partisanship is furthering the divide within our country and strangling democracy.
No Obama did that all by himself own it. Our division was caused by Obama people like you who think they really care about Americans not ..
But you do believe in not allowing a SCOTUS nominee up for a vote? Remember Obama's nominee when your party ignored its constitutional duty?
Exactly! So why did you do it for nearly a year? #garland
About Time Murkowski showed back bone.
Will you join sense of the senate statement that going forward, NO SCOTUS nominees  will be advanced in election years??
So how do we describe what the #GOP did to #garland? Your silence during his nomination  was part of Senate traditions? Please explain
Change your mind.  NO on Gorsuch. He doesn't answer your questions. He is not just. He is not for US!
hypocrites!!  This seat is stolen!  Merrick Garland should be our justice and you know it!
It is when @SenateMajLdr flat out vowed not to let Judge Merrick Garland even get hearings, much less an up/down vote. #NoGorsuch
It IS when the nominee is prejudiced against women, for big business & against the every day Am & is a plagiarist! Remember Merrick Garland?
Print that out.... mail it to yourself... frame it... and hang it on your wall. You all are that worthless to America.
It's not a tradition of the senate to not hold confirmation hearings. Your base must be idiots otherwise they'd catch you in this whopper
.@NYCMandAhole @lisamurkowski She was appointed by her father. Shades of Ivanka. We've been trying to get rid of her ever since.
#merrickgarland Lisa
It's also not tradition to ignore the nominee and refuse to even debate the subject, let along vote.   #MerickGarland  #DrainTheTrump #MAGA
Sen Murkowski, with all due respect, was it tradition to block Obama's SCOTUS nomination? This is the result of that...stop bi-partisanship
Oh please. The GOP obstruction of Garland? Do you pride yourself on that, too? You allowed this to happen. You did this. This is your legacy
Or did I miss the part where you condemned the GOP for that bullshit behaviour too? #AlaskanVoter
It's not the damned tradition of the Senate to refuse to confirm a SCOTUS nominee until the next president gets into office either, Lisa.
Actually it is. Study up.
Oh Lisa, COMRADE grabbed your pussy and you liked it, didn't ya?
It's not tradition to hold up a seat for a year either just to be obstructionist, but that was OK with you. Hypocrite!! @gop suicide 2018
Thank you Senator for your remarks. If the "nuclear option" is needed, please follow through, but it is on the Dems' heads.
Courage is uncomfortable, isn't it?
Thank you Senator Murkowski!
@DavidMDrucker GOP Did the equivalent of a filibuster by denying Merrick Garland a vote. Murkowski a typical hypocrite.
That's just not true, y'all didn't even give Merrick Garland a chance. No diff than a filibuster. And he's not right for the job.
Stonewalling's a-okay in the eyes of the GOP as long as it serves their selfish ends smh three cheers for partisanship hip hip
Or hold up a nominee for almost a year. Garland never had a chance and you never spoke up for tradition then.
thank you finally saner heads prevail
Very disappointed.
It is not the tradition of the Senate for a nominee to be sidelined for an entire year.  Do your job or we will replace you. #Filibuster.
@lisamurkowski, hope you enjoy being primaried.
It is not the tradition of the Senate to deny a SCOTUS nominee a hearing. Gorsuch is a plagerizer. He was arrogant during his hearing.
lol
OMG. Ever heard of Merrick Garland? 
#noprobenorobe #GorsuchVote
Lisa, why didn’t Merrick Garland get a hearing?
Merrick Garland
lame duck president
This nominee is not legitimate. The nominator is under investigation. Does this mean you are a Fascist Collaborator now?
Hey hypocrite.. Hillary was under investigation and you were slobbering at the bit to go vote her in. Thank God there were smarter people
Merrick Garland
Lame duck president
How about that tradition of denying a hearing?
