too late.  you accepted a 'contribution' from the COMMIE Teachers Union. LISA FOR SALE. Time for you to go!
and that's a tacit admission she accepted MONEY for her vote.
I'm not a Republican.I'm an American.The others votedTHE WILL of the Americans who voted for Trump.Lisa did not
I say we give the President the benefit of the doubt. It's been two weeks. DC is extremely corrupt
You should have voted to confirm her. What you did wasn't brave.
Not when it was meaningless. And not when she voted for her to pass the committee.
Not really. NEA owns her so she's trying to save face with them. She knew her down vote didn't matter.
Not *all* R's who voted for her are, but Lisa Murkowski is on that list. Tell me how that's checkmate.
Thank you for your efforts - I know going against the majority was very difficult.
Why? You taking $$$ from the corrupt teachers union? The DOE is corrupt.
Lisa, you're on quite a losing streak. Wrong on Trump, wrong on DeVos & wrong to think that you'll get reelected.
.@Alaskans4Trump @winkiechance Isn't @lisamurkowski up for reelection in 2018?I believe it's PRIMARY CHALLENGE TIME again!  @usedgov
Unfortunately, she won reelection in 2016, so she's not up again until 2022. 
.@Alaskans4Trump @winkiechance Man the time flies! It seems so recent when @lisamurkowski was primary challenged last time. @usedgov
I wish Joe Miller would've won in 2010. I voted for him, but Lisa won with only 39%
Ok you lost me at "I voted for Joe Miller"
Joe won the Republican primary in 2010. He only lost because of outside $.
No he lost because rational AK R's forgot about the primary and woke up for the General. D's helped her win
bust up the unions more money for legacy pensions than students
.@lisamurkowski @usedgov do you have her in writing or tape making these promises?
Thank you for voting with your conscience and for our children.
Wow!  Another rich person, who could give a crap about students who are forced to go to failing schools.
Thanks for having the backbone and integrity to vote against obviously unqualified DeVos!
Thank-you Senator for voting no.
our poor children.
Yes I would. Not qualified, bought her nomination and doesn't even know education laws in place.
thank you for not voting for Betsy!  Thank you for standing up for what Alaskans want!
Let's hope @BetsyDeVos understood your discussion.
Had U really wanted Ur vote to mean something, u'd have voted no in committee the day before ending the nomination.
by not killing it in committee like they were intended for you did vote 4 her. We're not fooled by your double play.
Sorry, you're not "working together", as demonstrated by your baseless opposition to her. Yep, you're a RINO.
Thank you for showing integrity in this case.
you passed her through to the Senate vote
school freedom of choice and vouchers nation wide no more liberal incubators allowed Betsy will get it done
You voted to move her forward when you were in committee though! So yes, actually, you DID vote in favor of her.
YES!!! Thanks for reminding everyone. Can Lisa explain why we even have committees if she won't use it?
Sorry, comrade. I'm too old to learn Russian. No forgiveness for the Vichy GOP.
here we go...Russia...new argument please...funny
I'll get a new argument when Trump gets a new puppet-master.
ok good
Sellout!  I hope this is your last term.
I can’t believe I broke bread with you 
very disappointed in your choice.
you lisa are a turn coat LIBERAL RINO teacher's union plant enjoy the  you got cause 2018 You're GONE
you have shown your true colors; voters won't forget how you took $$ from unions and left struggling kids behind.
such a loser
Did you get your money from the NEA to keep holding our country back.
thank you for your courage in the Devos vote. Please vote against Scott Pruitt for EPA. We need your backbone!
#WeThePeople KNOW you're BOUGHT OFF BY TEACHER's UNIONS.. You're CREDIBILITY IS SHOT!!
but you did vote for her in committee, passed on to Senate. Your "protest" vote was a fake - work $42k+
thanks for voting no!
Senator Murkowski, thank you for be willing to put America's children above all else.
@BetsyDeVos I am glad to see that you will work with her now.  She brings a new approach.  Talking  #workingtogether
Thank you for voting against DeVos, and PLEASE fight for our public schools. They are what makes America great.
nice if you to do your job Senator
.@lisamurkowski "I put up the illusion of resistance for optical reasons, now if you'll excuse me I have a democracy to help destroy"
you are a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT.  We are watching.
@realDonaldTrump @gop YOU are a HUGE disappointment!! Citizens of AK are u paying attention? Lower 48 is watching!
#ya sure LISA, ur gonna be on the shit list
>Our tax $$ R 4 PublicSchools, not private charter or religious schools. Separation of church & state is 4 schools 2.
Keep fighting for our schools, our children, and our future!
please keep holding her feet to the fire.
Disgraceful that you would rule against the children. Our schools are failing and you want more of the same.
YOU lose!!! We will remember you turncoat
Stow it. Your Union pals are through. No more money for you.
THANK YOU for voting no, it means A LOT to be able to trust you have our best interest in mind.   your fan
thank you for trying to save best education system in the world & our children from these nazis . Not your fault
Mighty "Christian" of you to jump on board when it's the only ship floating! We've jumped this Pres since day1 STOP!
No doubt your "protest" vote was fake, approved by Mitch--as a fig leaf for you. Cynical, sickening ploy, Senator.
Hope you have appeased your "constituency" concerning Betsy DeVos and will support @realDonaldTrump other cabinet picks #MAGA
you are so wishy washy. I have lost a lot of respect for you.
#letlizspeak
thank you for standing up for education, for competence, and for our children. We appreciate it and we remember.
Thanks 4 voting against an unqualified nominee. Differences in politics are expected. Poor qualifications are not.
. Now work w/SecEd 2 help her strengthen schools for all. Thanks! I knew I liked u from the day u ran against the T.
Run for POTUS in 2020.  You are a Republican I could vote  for.
She's going to need some rational heads guiding her. Thanks for standing up for our children!
You only voted against her because you knew she'd be confirmed without you.  Hopefully your voters see that.
You should have stood up against the NTU and voted.
teachers union big donor's to your campaign u perfer money over children I were a no vote now cooperation stick it
Thank you for voting your conscience and representing your constituency. Senate women have more balls than the men.
THANK YOU for voting with integrity!
if you hadn't voted her to the full senate we wouldn't be here #disingenuous
but you did vote to silence Liz how will you live that down? #ShePersisted
Half-truth! You voted YES to advance @BetsyDeVos through committee. Should have voted NO if you truly rejected her nomination
keep cashing those Union checks Senator. We will remember you took a stand for the failed #DOE against our children
Thank you for casting a 'nay' vote. I am a democrat who greatly appreciates your judgement and courage.
I'm sure there was a time when @lisamurkowski got in politics to do the right thing with honor and integrity. That time has passed. RESIGN!
Thank you for standing up and voting against Betsy DeVos.
thank you for your NO vote. Much respect!
you should have been smarter than that!  My  on you now!
.@lisamurkowski Thank you for standing up for America's children. #DeVos
.@lisamurkowski, when You voted in committee "in favor" of sending Devos to the full senate for @usedgov, every student lost.
anything you gained voting against DeVos was lost when you voted to not #letlizspeak. Disgrace that will go down in history.
Reps let you vote against DeVos cuz it would not count and please your voters. Shameful: your vote to not #letlizspeak .
- Thank you for your vote!
best luck
your fired
But you took her $.
you should have convinced one more senator, you know she is wholly unqualified
Thank you Senator for voting against DeVos.  I hope you continue to speak for the people you represent.
. Your kidding of course
it's time for change . All children deserve a better education .
https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3259988-Scott-King-1986-Letter-and-Testimony-Signed.html#document/p1 … please read: censured letter
what exactly will you do when she breaks her promises?
Ha! who believes you? u take $ from the unions & fight against her, ur reputation has been shot 4 a long time.
Proud of our Senator L Murkowski (and the Sen from Maine) for being of independent mind. That's Democracy!
Hey @suzspetals What do you think, fire this graphic designer? So weird.
C'mon now. Maybe everything would be all right if more pols made cutesy graphics of solidarity.  @lisamurkowski @usedgov
Yeah, Lisa, we know who let her out of committee.  See you at the next town hall!
Thank you for voting No on the Devos nomination - - from this Dem in Ocala, FL.  Appreciating your integrity and strength.
thank you for trying
Just switch parties, you're almost there!
put advisor and fight when she's wrong. He has no experience
politics as usual.  You knew how the numbers would play out.
Thank you LM - The Future is Female - just not named Betsy
Now I and the rest of the American people know who to oppose for a Senate seat. You're not working for the American people.
thank you for having a backbone!  We need people like you that can stand up and fight for justice!
thank you for doing the right thing.
Of course. The hard work has only begun. Please do what you can.
til your time is up
thank you for voting for your country rather than a political party - I will remember you as true American.
ashamed of you!!!
Thank you for your vote.
NO.
thank you for speaking up for us and for committing to hold DeVos accountable #WeThePeople #kidsdeserveit #alaskalove
Thank you for voting against DeVos.  Its too bad no other Rs had balls against Trump.
Thank you for doing the right thing and voting no to DeVis
if u were worth the weight of the people who u work for (aka your constituents) u would have stopped this mockery.
Oh plz NO--$money grab- Hi Gov Bevin! Thank$ for your $upport!
thank you very much for your bravery and for being true to your conscience. Much respect to you.
since you don't care about fixing our education why should I trust you to care about us Veterans not voting you next
you are definitely not looking out for Alaska's interest you have changed entire platform and promises with us
Does she have the integrity to follow through with what she promised you?
Thank you for your NO vote.
Thanks for voting to put children and public schools before politics today.
that's right you didn't another GOP space taker
Disgrace 2 Rep Party & every voter. U r incapable of leadership beyond arms reach. Get glasses & hearing aid, u need them.
Thank you for putting country before political party. #DeVosvote
As a public educator I want to thank you for your courage and for doing right by our children. Deeply saddened by the results
I appreciate you voting against party lines, doing what's right. The US will need you to make sure DeVos is on the right path
can you comment on the claims that your No vote was negotiated within the GOP to save you support from AK voters?
#resist
Thank you for standing up for American teachers and students!
@SenatorCollins Thank you to Senators Murkowski and Collins for having the children's best interest at heart + not party line
As an educator I appreciate your willingness to stand against your own party . I wish all your party had same guts.
What a joke ! We won't forget you when its time to vote  !
how much teachers union money have you taken?
thank you for your courageous vote for our kids and public education!
you should work together. I don't understand why you don't vote for her anyway.When the vice president can choose
your a RINO Traitor & you will not be re-elected
thank you for doing the right thing.
Thank you, Sen. Murkowski for your principled,wise vote. Shame that more of your colleagues didn't put country 1st.
- please hold our government leaders accountable. so many folks are terrified right now. keep your backbone!
#TermLimits!!! Politicians bought and paid for have to go!!! You included!
Thank you for taking a nonpartisan stance. We need more like you who will do the right above the easy thing.
Thank you for putting people over party today. I applaud you.
@SenateGOP @SenatorCollins Thank you,Senator Murkowski @lisamurkowski & Senator Collins @SenatorCollins for listening! #WomenRule
Thank you though for standing up!
Thank you so much for voting no on Devos & trying to protect our children's right to have the ED run by someone competent.
Thank You for voting against an qualified person for Sec.of Education
thank you for voting no - please don't give up now. devos is still unqualified and incapable.
@SenRepublicans Thank you,Lisa for your courage!My 2SC Senators will not get my vote upon reelection for their vote!
Hopefully the people of Alaska will unite and rid themselves of a RINO obstructionist.
Then why the hell did you not vote for her? Oh yeah, you're part of the DC corruption that needs to BTFO
you should of voted for her!
thanks for your vote against Betsy Devos.
thank you for standing up for our children & their future today. You were smart & brave.
You could've stopped this in committee. Don't think you're a hero by voting no, because you should've stopped it.
you showed real back bone caving to the libs,the Dems didn't did they
screw that and screw you - hope you get stiffed on something soon - you earned it
thank you for your courage in voting NO. Appreciate your pledge to hold her accountable, too.
you are in it for the money. Probably gonna lose your seat because of special interests. Good!
I am a very disappointed Alaskan. Why didn't you talk out of state Dan into voting no? Alaska constitution hello!!
thank you for voting against @BetsyDeVos
why did u not vote for her??unbelievable
I hope Betsy supports Alaska like you supported her bid for cabinet!
thank you for voting for the people not the party!
thank you so much for your courage to vote your conscience. It's delightfully refreshing!
You have to be a hypocrite to demand private schooling for your own family while forcing everyone else into public schools.
you voted agsinst better schools ... shame. just anothet politician paid by the unions. try working for a living
Work to what? She is grossly unfit! It seems like you and @SenatorCollins are the only repubs w/decency & integrity
Thank you for putting the Country above party politics today, Sen. Murkowski.
in other words you want to keep your campaign cash safe
Not only are you in the pockets of the teachers unions, you're also two-faced about it. Just own your corruption!
We are not that dumb you played us and we caught on! You too will be voted out of office!
Wow - today's no vote for DeVos only proves our case that you are a lib dem in GOP clothing. Shameful!
