I respectfully and wholeheartedly disagree.
There was a clear choice
Stop working for the republican party and work for the AMERICAN PEOPLE.
I can't wait until the GOP is the minority again and you complain about not needing cloture. You will regret destroying democracy
Leadership. Non-partisanship. Integrity. #AFewOtherOptions #congressworksforus
Can you explain what happened with Merrick Garland? #becarefulwhatyouwishfor
Gop led senate in doing what Biden urged 1992.No scotus in election yr. action known b4 garland nom. # harry Reid started nuclear option.
I'm so disappointed in you.
The GOP's actions today were shameful. I though I could count on you to be the voice of reason
I'm not happy you let Trump take over Alaska and make it a bloodshed for innocent bears and wolves families.
Lies. That move is dismantling our Republic which seems to have been lost long ago.
#gaslighting
BullSHIT and lies. #AlaskansStandUp. Vote her out
There was another way.  Find a better appointee who doesn't put corporations before people and harm women.
Why do we even elect Republicans? We just need one of you to carry the torch for the billionaires and the rest can go home.
I don't believe you.  Party over people.
There's always another way!
Really? Cuz we had the exceptionally well qualified Merrick Garland ready to go a year before the election... and you changed the rules.
#Garland
Garland!
Really? Changing rules? That does not help build confidence in this administration! Is there nobody else qualified?
Merrick garland what u did was wrong. Can't wait til your next election.
Total hypocrisy. Don't blame democrats. Listen to their actual, real concerns about the nominee. He supported corp against life of a worker!
bought and paid for.  Your owners must be so proud!
You can't say you promote compromise when you just decimated any incentive to build bipartisan consensus.
Very surprised you didn't side with your libtard friends on this one
Name callers. 
A tribe
And Judge Garland was what, chopped liver?
A S.A. Aparthide supporter.
Worse than the KKK.
That
The filibuster was correctly used to keep a far-right leaning individual from taking a lifetime seat. Repubs could have chosen better.
SHAME! We could leg w/200 years of precedent. He can't get 60 votes - he shouldn't be there. You put party over people! SHAME
Apply the same logic to Merrick
A well-qualified candidate would have garnered the 60 votes needed, not a change of rules #doublestandardGOP #NoGorsuch
With all due respect, Senator, this is bullshit! @GOP could accept outcome of vote & request new consensus nominee. Put country first! 
What a load of party line BS!
how did u vote on Garland? oh thats right--no hearings, no vote, no opportunity for GOP to filibuster. Lisa you're better than this!
You are on the wrong side of history and I am ashamed that you represent me.
There are thousands of qualified judges that do not share the far right, dystopian ideology of Gorsuch. You were wrong to vote for him.
I suppose your 4th floor equal coverage for women was was all bull! You are not the same person!
Are you ficking serious? Can you spell hypocrite!
I respectfully disagree. Find a candidate that 60+ senators are willing to approve. Drop Gorsuch, find another and another until consensus.
The point is to find a consensus candidate for lifetime appointment, not just someone who is just "well-qualified"
You could have at least had hearings for #MerrickGarland
Obamas guy was well-qualified too.
What about Garland?
Shame on you!
US Senators used to be regarded by people & US Reps as states(wo)men. No longer. #Gorsuch #NuclearOption
But is Gorsuch alone worth what will follow on the Court?
Lifetime appointment by a president with a cherished Nazi advisor and ties to Putin? For shame!
Change your mind. Gorsuch is not qualified. He is not just. He would not answer your questions. He is not for US. #StopGorsuch
You could've "restored a fully functioning supreme court" last year when Pres. Obama put forth #Garland. Where were your principles then?
.@lisamurkowski Not true, Mam. Americans are truly disappointed in the @SenateGOP. Bring a consensus candidate!!
maybe don't be children and find someone the whole country agrees on, not just one side. You're pathetic adults. Be ashamed.
also Gorsuch is horrid on women's issues and individual rights- I don't understand why you support him
so not true. GOP. Including you,created this situation when you disrespected institution and refused to give Garland hearing
A disappointing day for both sides.
No reason to overturn 200 years of tradition. Can't earn 60 votes? Then he's not qualified. Shame on the GOP and shame on you, Senator
You do realize that you just voted for an,armed revolution.
Gorsuch is not exceptionally well qualified.  Senate voted no. Do not let GOP get away with stealing nomination.
Shame on you @lisamurkowski
U can't win by rules so U change them.
Where was your moral indignation when @GOP obstructed Obama's SC choice?
Shame on you for voting to lower the 60 vote threshold. Today you degraded the Supreme Court & destroyed hope for bipartisan collaboration.
#MerrickGarland you care more about politics than the Senate and our democracy #shame
For shame. For shame.
I'm at a loss for words over this. What did you get for throwing everything under the bus?
Gorsuch is not qualified. #votenotogorsuch. You were elected to represent the people not your party or personal interests.
She must go
Gorsuch is too extreme for the mainstream population of America. He is not for the people. It's very apparent he's for corporation$. v@99515
You are another insane pubbie
What the GOP did to Obama's nominee and what GOP did today unconscionable. This GOP eroding Constitution at every turn.
Using nuclear should be last resort, retire!
You should be ashamed of yourself
I can't believe you, sorry. Gorsuch: freeze in a truck to keep job. This & other decisions demonstrate His thinking isn't sound.
SHAME. ON. YOU.
Its almost as if... we left another well-qualified Judge benched for 293 days. Hypocrite
Shame, for shame!!
This is very hypocritical Senator.  I am deeply worried about your decision to simply change the rules.  Just like North Carolina.
I am a Constituent. Can't believe how the GOP is thriving on corruption. GOP wants one party Government. That was what today was about.
I'm a constituent that voted 4 you. Government now one party, corrupt GOP. Exec & Legis Branches enmeshed, corrupt GOP. Judicial branch next
Very disappointed in your hypocrisy, Senator.
Nope, ypu could have supported nominating a consensus pick or the GOP could have allowed Garland to be appointed. This was ALL on the GOP.
Garland was exceptionally well-qualified too. The problem is the Senate is full of ideologues, and today the majority went scorched earth.
Shame on you!!! Hypocrisy at its finest!!!Party over justice!!! Republicans will be finished!
sullivan too! he listens even less than you do, lol
when your term is up, you can expect to relinquish your senate seat.  the people are done putting up with this bullshit.
You did not have the votes. Our government only works if we play by the rules, not move the goalposts when we don't get our way.
#garland #gop #pathetic
For the party of tradition and values to say “it’s okay for us to break the system.” Is the height of hypocrisy.
Hypocrite.
You obstructed and voted against Betsy DeVos.  Screw you and your opinions!
This is a lie. Here's another way: you accept the outcome & insist DJT nominate a mainstream candidate. Like Merrick Garland.
He's not the right guy. You are blowing up the senate for a president under investigation for colluding w/enemy state. Hope it's worth it.
Wow! Shock!
Cheap justifications after voting for Gorsuch. We will remember. Trump's coat tails are going to mark the #gop. #dontlietous.
You've done a bad job representing us for the state of Alaska
Lisa you are a liar. You favor corporations.   They feed you you feed them. So sad what you've done for America
You mean the @GOP's refusal to give #Garland a hearing?! #GarlandNotGorsuch
You just shown the world Americans don't play fair.
There were other options. Don't have the votes, choose a nominee that would.
So you change the rules to get your way...shame on you.  Why didn't you convince DT to submit another nominee....SO SAD!
This is an exceptionally disingenuous statement, Senator. And the sad part is, I think you know that.
yes there was, as was done for quite some years. pick another scouts
Plain wrong. Changing the rules is what little kids do at recess in the schoolyard. The GOP has utterly failed & earned our disdain.
With all due respect senator, two days of debate is not a filibuster.
You had many other options. You chose to destroy one of the foundations of our democracy. #NoGorsuch
SAD!!!...
it makes sense that this looks like it was shot in the 1980s
at least you're honest about putting Party before Alaskans #DarkMoneyMatters
You're gaslighting @lisamurkowski. It's all on the Republicans for refusing to hear #garland and changing the traditions of the Senate.
You could have #DelayedGorsuchVote until after #investigation.  Your President in under criminal Investigation.  What was your hurry?
And what exactly is your excuse for failing to even consider Ibamas pick for a year?
yeah, ok. when the dems have more numbers you will probably regret this decision.
To your point; Dems have won the popular vote 7 out of the last 8 Presidential races. @GOP will be eating crow on this for a long time.
