Your empathy is appreciated. But, it would be more powerful to name primary group(s) of people targeted in this genocide.
Counterpoint: Republicans have no values any more. They are the party of corporate oligarchs who worship money
The pursuit of self interest, above all else, reigns supreme in their philosophy.
lol "never forget" but re-cast holocaust as NOT "Final Solution" hate excuse to plunder from & kill (shh...) Jews!
@POTUS is giving you the perfect chance to stand up to hatred and bigotry right now. Where are you? #MuslimBan
@Chrystaroth What like the oppression of Palestinians. Hatred & bigotry is not restricted to creed, race etc.
did you see this? http://tinyurl.com/jcsoqcu 
Trump's mean little hands have a long reach. Hate fuels hate.

Then, I expect to see you stand up against President Bannon/Trump.  Omission of jews was intentional in their statement.
People were exterminated. How can you say "always stand up to hatred and bigotry" & support Trump/Bannon? That is disgusting.
Stand up to bigotry and hate, but support Donald Trump?????That is an oxymoron. Never a bigger hater than him.
Stand up Senator. Do the right thing instead of tweeting it
then help stop the Muslim ban!!!
Practice what you preach. Vote no on Sessions.
I appreciate your thoughtfulness in the matter of the Ban. Ind. Senator's decisions are impt; not just to follow the herd.
stand up to the ban on the 7 predominantly Muslim countries.
then please, as a senator, stand up to the decisions Trump is making from a place of hatred and bigotry. You are our voice!
How can you vote with the democrats?
Don't forget the whites that are now taking racism from blacks.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEbta5E_jqlZmEJsriTEtnw/videos …
don't make the black kids angry!
Jews, Romani, gays, dissidents.  Please don't erase history.
really after you voted for the hypocrisy
They would mostly be Jews....call it like it is, please.
Senator you are letting this happen. Resist DeVos Sessions Bannon or you are going to create another holocaust. #immigrationban
Actions speak louder than words.  Oppose the #MuslimBan
Good timing. #NEVERforget
Stand up against bigotry &hatred coming of Trump ban, speak out and do all you can to fight it, u can be a leader on this
I hope you mean that. #MuslimBan #ResistTrump
I'm curious when you intend to stand up to hatred and bigotry? You've been awfully quiet.
you must speak up!
You mean the over 6 million Jews who died? Let's honor them by stating who they were.
you didn't say Jewish either!! WTH ... all Repubs losing the little  respect I  had for the party. These alt-truths are LIES
Please stand up against Trump's immigration ban and this outlandish wall. NO ban. NO wall.
Will you have the same sentiments for Americans sick & dying from no insurance? #ACA
they can care less...there not real christians.
why are you being silent on the immigration ban?
How can you remember the victims of the Holocaust but be silent when it comes to the ban that @realDonaldTrump signed?
Were YOU including Jews in this remembrance? The White House didn't think they were worth mentioning.
so why are you still silent on Trump's Muslim ban?
Appreciate your concern re. hatred & bigotry but your silence on the #MuslimBan is so loud! Please stand up #NoBanNoWall.
no tweet the past two days though?
We Alaskans are asking you to please speak out against the #MuslimBan. Support diversity, inclusion & human rights.
We're recording your silence on #MuslimBan.  Time to stand up again.  Some Jews who died in Holocaust were turned away by US.
I hope you live up to this as our senator.  Actions speak louder than words.
Yes, we must always stand up to hatred & bigotry. So, what are you doing against @POTUS unconstitutional ban on refugees?
Vote NO for Jeff Sessions. Vote AGAINST #MuslimBan
Vote AGAINST Betsy Devos. Vote AGAINST spending U.S. Tax dollars for the wall.
Now is no time to remain silent.  History will judge you.  #NoToMuslimBan
Always stand up to hatred and bigotry? Where are you today? What stand are you taking? Silence is shameful.
It'd be a good time right now for you to stand up for hatred and bigotry! Your silence is deafening.

Silence on immigration ban, but tweets re: Holocaust? How hypocritical! When are YOU going to stand up to bigotry and hate?
Crisis of conscience time. So did you stand up? #ShowMeWhatFacisimLooksLike
.@lisamurkowski If you truly believe we should stand up to hatred and bigotry, speak out now. Humanity and country before party!#NoBan
.@lisamurkowski hey Lisa. Me again. Still waiting on something - anything - that shows you have a spine.
I urge you to condemn #MuslimBan and represent Alaska for who we truly are: extremely diverse.
Any statement on the #MuslimBan? Renouncing bigotry and hatred? No?
THIS on the day Muslims are banned from our country. If you pass any legislation furthering an agenda of hate and bigotry, we will remember.
please speak out against the Muslim ban. Why didn't he ban from countries where he has business? #donaldtrump
We already forgot! EOs by @POTUS were despicable, unconstitutional, Look in the mirror, what do you see? Take action now!
Thank you. Let's not repeat the tragic mistake we made by turning away Jews fleeing the Nazis. Let's help Muslim refugees now
It takes more than posting a pic of a candle to sand up to hate and bigotry. Do something...publicly denounce Trump's ban.
Thank you! Please follow through on this important statement by opposing the Muslim Ban!
So you'll stand up against Trump's outrageous executive order banning people from seven Muslim majority nations?
why are you not willing to stand up to hatred and bigotry TODAY !!!!!
your silence on the #muslimban speaks volumes for your hypocrisy and cowardice.
She's not silent on the ban.
Murkowski's been shilling for it since November.
https://www.murkowski.senate.gov/press/release/murkowski-urges-president-to-immediately-institute-moratorium-on-admitting-syrian-refugees-to-the-united-states …
So Stand Up for Refugees Today! Be on the right side of history along with Dick Cheney!! Brave today, President tomorrow!
@realDonaldTrump pls someone do something abt Trump's inhumane treatment of refugees. May God forgive him; I'm not sure I can
really? A day to begin our own holocaust. Shame on all of Congress watching and silent
please stand up against this administration's #muslimban. This executive order is unamerican and unconstitutional.
Since Betsy DeVos gave you $$$, will you abstain from voting on her confirmation? >$5M to GOP in last 5 years.
good segue, please formally oppose this crazy talk about banning refugees #RefugeesWelcome #HumanRights
if you really want "#NeverAgain" to mean something, pls condemn Trump's cruel, religion-based refugee ban EO
#NeverForget
Pay attention to the real problem.
the Jewish people didn't believe in a religion that rewards murdering. The Jewish people weren't a threat. NEVER forget 9-11
please speak out against the Muslim Bam. It is racist and cruel. We should be helping refugees fleeing from war.
#NeverForget
Obviously a staffer wrote this because I don't see Lisa standing up for anything, ever, but big oil and corporate overlords
my Jewish heritage thnks u. Plz remember my ancestors were turned away in 1939. How sad, DT turning away the same situation
Will your stand up to bigotry spouted by @realDonaldTrump ?
I hope that you will be one of the ones in the Senate standing up to our very own Holocaust before it happens.
Only reason I was born in Alaska. Grandma loved her home in Serbia, now it's gone.
Please vote NO for any nominees who have history of bigotry or who are unwilling to recuse themselves from personal gains!
please stand up to Trump on Muslim ban. Not right for the USA
Do you only "remember the victims" or are you going to be opposing EVERYTHING Trump is proposing, such as the #MuslimBan?
There is no better time than now Senator Murkowski
Betsy DeVos - vote NO - or - better yet - abstain!
agreed so will you stand up to @POTUS hatred and bigotry?
Good. Then please allow Syrian refugees shelter here; let migrants work. Remember, the U.S. refused Anne Frank's entry.
I hope you mean that
@pablohidalgo The Holocaust never happened! It was all a scam! The lies were a product of corrupt media!
Hitler was  Reptilian!
unless they are part of an ethnicity that we can demonize to our benefit.
So, you are standing up to tRump & your GOP colleagues?
I hope that means you will work to overturn any executive order or law turning away refugees based on religion/nat'l origin.
does this m3an you will vote no on Jeff Sessions?
Nazi Hitler sociopath genocidal barbaric sickening racist hate mustn't ever happen in any civilized society & never forget!!!
Agreed. So you will then be standing up against Trump's racist #MuslimBan, right? Otherwise, your sentiments are hollow.
Hypocrite.  https://www.murkowski.senate.gov/press/release/murkowski-urges-president-to-immediately-institute-moratorium-on-admitting-syrian-refugees-to-the-united-states …
It was such a big loss.May GOD bless them all with the most special place of heaven.Amen! #HolocaustMemorialDay
Well said!  I will remember your words "...and to always stand up to hatred and bigotry." #MuslimBan #SyrianRefugees
