Sen. Lisa Murkowski: We can reform health care with open process, all hands http://on.adn.com/2wBGtfq  
You have lots of support Lisa, all from the left.
Listen up! Trump paid NO TAXES for 20 yrs! Imagine the amt. of $! HEALTHCARE 4 ALL, the MAJORITY OF THE PEOPLE HAVE SPOKEN!
The MAJORITY of country want HEALTHCARE 4 ALL! Don't CATER 2 ur party, CARE 4 ALL AMERICANS! WE THE MAJORITY HAVE SPOKEN!
Counting on you and  @SenatorCollins -pragmatic women in Congress - to power through practical / needed HC improvements - versus "gut & run"
I've not purchased healthcare insurance &won't until the Mandate is gone.Thank GOD Trump put a stop to IRS stealing tax refund of uninsured.
You being "deeply engage" is what worries me. How many things can you screw up before we Alaskans can replace you?
I am glad you are there!
I want Obamacare GONE! Do you understand this? I will NOT be mandated to buy something I do NOT want or need. U will NOT get my vote.
Good job! U go get 'em! I trust UR leadership! THANKS 4 being there 4 your constituents! Whole of America will benefit from UR leadership!
I hope you're against Trumps plan to rescind DACA. Horrid racist move.
The only RACIST I've seen to date are #antifa and #blm ... oh and you can't forget MSM. They are the worst oh and the democrats 
Obama overreached his authority with DACA, he bypassed congress. Congress going to legally work on it.
#FactsMatter "DACA is constitutional. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.: https://www.aclu.org/blog/immigrants-rights/road-citizenship/daca-and-will-always-be-constitutional … … #DACA
Constitutional if passed by CONGRESS.. not by executive order. POTUS can lead the flock to water but can't make them drink from it.
Then why does @realDonaldTrump think he can "revisit" in 6 months?   https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/905228667336499200 …
You are misinformed, @Chucks907.  #DACA
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do). If they can't, I will revisit this issue!
MMG: Murkowski Must Go - Bad for Alaska
My late husband was President of NECA & Legal Trust fund of IBEW 1547. I now live on the pension he left me. Please protect our pensions.
Surprising you're engaged in anything other than being a RINO.... VOTE HER OUT!
We want to hear your position on the #DACARepeal. We want to hear you'll #DefendDREAMers!
Medicare for all is the only viable option and DACA kids should have a path to citizenship.
You are my hero senator I'm Californian but I'm American, and you and the other 3 senator save this contry for the litle kid call POTUS!!!
Don't let Trump bribe you or bully you into changing your vote! Thanks!
On preexist conditions, insurers can charge more & coverage is lost as they are priced out of affordability. PLEASE DON'T LET THIS HAPPEN
If #GrahamCassidy passes, insurers no longer have 2 cover substance abuse treatment, pregnancy, emergency srvs +more
Right and explain to me why it's taking 8 months to get my Denali kid care APPROVED for my kids and STILL don't have the dkc cards.  
bullshit you're a fake republican who only cares about getting vote - I pray it won't happen
Good but please comment on Trump doing away with DACA. Dreamers need your support & you're a Republican w/ conscience.
Obamacare is not working for our family!
Stay focused on your principles you supported this summer. Don't let millions of people lose their HC and don't let premiums go sky high.
Oh like my 7k deductible that I pay now?? While supporting my foreign wife overseas and raising my 3 kids full time -alone. On my 1 income.
I want you to know that I voted for President Trump because I wanted change and change he will bring if everyone helps him!
Oh Green - when you send the same message to every Senator - (with the same poor grammar), it kinda looses its effectiveness.

There is no perfect Bill Senator Murk. The healthcare bill being put forward has many good provisions. Pass and continue to improve please!
You saved a lot of lives with your vote, senator. Now they’re on the line again. Please don’t let them cut or cap Medicaid.
Thank you Senator!
Please don't hold out by voting no again to pass legislation..
Single payer
Are you delusional?!? Single payer? No way! REPEAL AND REPLACE NOBAMA CARE!!! The whole system needs revamping but not to single payer
Let's go!  Bipartisan efforts will make a his work
Ahhh in case you haven't noticed, your racist boss has other plans
Thank you Senator. Americans are paying close attention.
You betrayed the people who believed when you said REPEAL and REPLACE! Nobody trusts you RINO
Or run as a Democrat Senator Lisa
Remember it was conservatives who elected you support them
Support our president! He has stepped up to the plate putting Americans first not his career
Time to flip the table over, @lisamurkowski. 

Fish or cut bait, baby.
Oh I'm sure you will but thanks for telling us bs
More hearings, reviews, investigations and studies while NOTHING changes except congress getting richer, what a joke
Good start on HC, and glad it's open for members not directly on comm. Now, ask @GovofCO  and @JohnKasich for some ideas.
Thank you, Ma'am. I'm confident we can count on you to defend our Dreamers!
OC is killing the middle class ... figuratively and literally! Repeal it!
May be a problem because legislators did not work to improve it. Even a good ideas when blocked by bias and corporate supporters
All hands: Democrat and Republican hand together!
Help us. The majority of single women's only source of income is SS & to cut us free from Medicare will kill us, 4 we can't pay 4 reg. ins.
Wow love how you say single woman in that, when I KNOW MORE single dads raising kids than single moms.. as I am raising my 3 kids alone.
I bet you will just like before only words no action. Another spineless useless Republican
Sanity...how truly refreshing  Keep up the good work and lets get a solution that helps Americans
Such a comfort to know you will be deeply engaged in this process. Thank you Senator.
I know you're busy, but could you please make sure #Dreamers are protected? Thanks so much!
Why protect illegals? DACA was meant to be temporary, not a way to citizenship or amnesty. NObama said as much when he signed exe order.
Morning, Chuck! For lots of reasons...Hebrews 13:1-2 – “…show hospitality to strangers, for by doing that some have entertained angels…”
and because my faith and scripture instructs to do so -
Senator Murkowski,
What is your position on DACA?
we need you to take an interest in Alaska Student Loan Corp. Federal Entity that operates in Governors Office reports to who?
Please coordinate with @GovofCO and @JohnKasich they started without you.
I can't wait for all u republicans who did nothing for the middle class to get voted out.We will keep Trump ,u will go
Don't f*** it up
Ed is in the Committee title u empower a federal entity to attach solo income of disenfranchised. AK Student Loan Corp #DACA
Turncoat Lisa, I have an idea for you. Give back your health care insurance sign up for Obamacare along with your aids .it will get fixed
with a public testimony piece? As an Alaskan I am concerned you are not accurately alerting USA of Alaskas  #DACA med fraud.
Thank you for your work preventing repeal, thank you for continuing to work to protect care for all of AK.
You a liberal right. So u can't vote for her in the primary because there will be one for all republicans.Out with the old in with the new
I hope they don't listen because you're a fraud.
Turncoat Susie, it must be that it is something that the Democrats want or you wouldn't be engaged in it, would it?
FAILED us on healthcare! 
