We need a special prosecutor! We need an independent investigation! If you want to restore faith, stand up!
It is maybe sad, but really only Republicans can now either save or destroy the ideals of America. You must decide which side you will take.
Dems could walk out of Senate. Call a halt to all business. Stop treating this as run of mill political dispute.
Please support an Independent Investigation of Trump/Rus connections.  America will have no confidence in this Adm until its done.
Please restore our faith in the Republican Party by standing up to this autocrat and demanding an independent investigation.
http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/donald-trumps-craven-republican-enablers …. Please read.
While all are freaking over firing is TRUMP doing what NIXON did&SEIZING ALL Comey's INVESTIGATIVE DATA?
Fired while away from his office. Hmmmmm... Away from access to information. Not a coincidence.
Most definitely. Trump learned from mistake w Preet Bharara.Had hours of notice with access to his office and files. Didn't allow Comey that
For the love of God,,,,that's what I've been trying to get the news media attention on...they're acting like chicks running aft bread crumbs
And now this? Please, Senator, stand up for our nation.
I implore you not to abdicate your responsibility to act as a check on the Exec Branch. Investigate Trump's cover up and corruption now.
And now we need an investigation into the cause of Comey's firing. Was this obstruction of justice?
Great, now take action.
http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/donald-trumps-craven-republican-enablers …. By 2018, if you don't defend America, we will live in a dictatorship. #BeBRAVE
So if it is a serious concern, what are you proposing as a solution? Just issuing a  statement is inadequate.

Please join Senator McCain in supporting an independent investigation into the Trump/Russia situation.  This is deeply troubling.
YES SENATOR MCCAIN DO SOMETHING
I hope you're not holding your breath. That'll get you dead.
Referring to your McCain comment, fwiw.
Could you be any less clear?  Where do you stand & what do you intend to do?
http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/donald-trumps-craven-republican-enablers …. This is serious.
Please support a special prosecutor.  The White House is an embarrassment...such a farce.
IMPEACH Trump!
thank you for your service Senator. To staff on the voice mails: Please confirm the oversight agency for @AlaskaDEED PSE/ASLC
Ma'am, thank you. Pause to consider Trump's January 27th: https://travelingpoet.net/2017/05/12/the-optics-of-trumps-january-27th/ … That is clear dereliction of duty. --Love, Bill 
Less than 24 hours and now Trump admits to the felony he fired Comey to end the Russian investigation. 
You can't keep dodging your oath.
Your statement is great, but what are you doing about it? Support indep spec prosecutor. Take action rather than just voice disapproval
I too am concerned. Trump lies, daily. Time to make a stand and put country before party. The people are demanding it. Before it is too late
http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/donald-trumps-craven-republican-enablers …. Exactly, before it is too late.
The only way to restore trust is an independent investigation, will you call for that?
You can restore that trust by calling for an independent investigation with a special prosecutor for the Trump Russia probe
your recent actions lead me to believe that you're not following the states wishes as they  voted for Republican President..
I don't believe that you are good for the Republican Party..
How is the swamp going to restore trust when no one thust the swamp of #congress
Then stop supporting the traitor. Come on woman.
Does that mean Lisa you will just pass the next appointments from committee? Talk tough but bend like Willow branch.
https://twitter.com/astull90/status/862692901163347968 …
Restore trust by appointing a special prosecutor.   Clear that Comey was fired for honesty and refusing to deep sixRussia investigation
We need an independent investigation.
In order restore trust, investigation into Russian interference must continue using experienced staff and an independent prosecutor.
If allowed to continue the investigation after having lost public trust, how could the public trust the results of his investigation?
Looks like 100% replies disagree with your take on this tweet and want a Special Prosecuter.
100% ask for action now

Lisa hides under desk
How about no one trusts anyone in Washington...Based on what you ran on and what you have been supporting, you are nearing E. Warren level!!
I am assuming you all want a special prosecutor to investigate Hillary's activities . Benghazi / uranium to Russia/e-mail server . ???
And yes, as others have mentioned will you demand a special independent prosecutor? That's the only way forward, Senator.
Thank you.
And exactly how do you plan on restoring trust in or government short of impeaching @potus @realDonaldTrump Senator?
She's speaking out of both sides of her mouth.
Aaaaaand this is why I didn't vote for you
You need to go farther, Senator.  I want – and this country needs – you to call for an independent investigation. #aksen #akleg
we are counting on you Senator Murkowski. Will Trump answer to the law or will the law answer to Trump?
Good for you. Please fight for us!
I agree. July he sited all the laws that Hillary broken. Yet the JD didn't have the chance to act on the findings. Public statements n cases
Thank you, LISA!! You are a true leader
New York Times state Days Before Firing, Comey Asked for More Resources for Russia Inquiry.
Concerning indeed! Please have the integrity to demand a special prosecutor. We the people deserve the best means to the truth here.
We deserve nothing but the truth.
#IndependentInvestigation
Please Senator don't let them sell out to the Russians.  Independent investigation into Trump Russia/ Russia interference in election.
Comey should have been fired by obama but he knew to much about the Dems last hope Hilary! Would have brought on a conviction!
#SpecialProsecutorNow #ComeyFiring country over party!
Senator, please put country above party and add your voice to the call for an independent investigation. Our democracy is in danger.
Yes restore that trust with a Special Committee !!!!!!!!!!
What Thrse republicans don't GET, is that this has NOTHING 2 DO W/COMEY!!!!! U don't fire the man who is leading an INVESTIGATION ON U!
Will you please join other senate patriots and demand a special investigation? America is counting on you.
Get us an independent investigation/special prosecutor please. Now. Otherwise you and congress are complicit as well. #dotherightthing
Show us any evidence that Trump collided with Russia, please. Comey needed to go.
is it time 2 consider an independent investigator. Surely impartiality Comey replacement won't have trust of American people
Quite a few words to not say anything. Please start working to stop this disaster. Don't you care about our country?
What you are trying to say is that you stand with Trump.  Why don't you just say that.  How about an independent Russia ties investigation?
If ur not behind our President WE r NOT behind you!
Comey should have been fired on day one, he protected Obama & Clinton, nothing from you but Trump hate speech
Thank you Lisa!!!  I am in complete agreement with you on this.  #independentspecialprosecutor
Thanks for expressing your concern. Pls tell us what you're going to do?  Independent investigation pls!
Call for a special prosecutor plz. Trump is destabilizing our country. Stop this madness, be our hero.
Restore our trust with a real look into Russian-Trump & Cohorts ties
Thank you, Senator.
Well, you can restore that trust by pushing for an independent investigation.
https://twitter.com/astull90/status/862387936347729920 …
Thank you! Now please call for a special prosecutor to head an independent investigation into #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Please push for a special prosecutor! We need one immediately.
I thank you for recognizing how serious this was, Please support a special prosecutor. Trump met with Russia & Russian media only today.
It is clear Putin is running the country. Stop this before 2 late. Eagle River, AK 99577
Do better. You're on the cusp of a backbone.
Yes,  restore trust. It will take more than words Senator. Put #CountryOverParty and call for a #SpecialProsecutor
Need independent investigation. We know Comey's firing was an illegal obstruction of justice. Impeach Trump.
This whole Russia thing is total bs and you know it. In addition investigations just dont stop.
Lisa, words are meaningless unless you join your Democratic colleagues & call for an independent investigation.

Do the right thing.
We need an independent investigation!! The country has lost all trust in impartial justice. Please establish an independent commission.
Please call for a special prosecutor or an investigative committee. "It is time to restore that trust" How? Your actions to save the USA?
Please, Senator do something about this! Russia investigations effectively squashed. Democracy in danger when Senate does nothing!
Please demand an independent, bipartisan committee to fully investigate all Trump/Russia ties.
We don't trust you
Talk and words r cheap! Do something! Protect our democracy. #IndependentInvestigation
Insist on a NON-PARTISAN Independent investigation immediately. The constitutional foundation of our country's democracy is at stake!
An independent investigation would be a start!
Please support a special prosecutor to investigate foreign involvement in our domestic affairs.
Either take a stand or shut up. Your meaningless words will do you no favors when you're voted out.
Appoint Special Prosecutor now.
Please stand up. Put country before party. An independent investigation is appropriate. If no Russia ties, Trump team has nothing to fear.
Please put your country before your party before it's too late.
Senator, please use the power entrusted to you buy We The People to demand independent investigation into Russian involvement in election.
Restore our trust by demanding independent investigation
Why aren't you protecting America.  This is shameful.  You are not doing anything.
History will judge you.
We need an independent prosecutor! Demand one!
Meaningless unless you take action - we need an independent investigation. Protect our nation, not the GOP!
So do something about it.
DO SOMETHING! OTHERWISE YOU ARE COMPLICIT!
We must call for an independent special prosecutor, immediately. As an Alaskan I ask that you be our voice in demanding this for all of us.
Quickly - Take Senate action to restore trust - this is more than a serious concern
Take a stand! Your job is on the line. Country before party! We must have an independent investigation!
Support the call for an independent prosecutor. Otherwise, you will find yourself on the wrong side of history. Put country over party.
As your constituent, I ask you to advocate for an independent committee to investigate. HISTORY IS WATCHING US. Our democracy is faltering.
I am her constituent as well and some days, think we would be better of with a Sen. who wasn't put there her daddy. Riding that wave still.
Call for independent investigation. Do not allow this obstruction of justice to stand. Put country before party. Our democracy is at stake.
I have faith as Senator of all Alaskan's that you will listen to your constituents and do the right thing, as Howard Baker did 43 years ago,
please restore that trust by appointing an independent special prosecutor to evaluate Trump's ties to Russia.
so call for special prosecutor already. Enough talk, time for action. Country over party.
Call for an independent counsel, Stand up Senator!  Dont be on the wrong side of history #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Our democracy is at stake!Democrats & Republicans must unite!Our president is a traitor and so are those who continue to support him!
Thank you for your leadership. Please get a #specialprosecutor & encourage your colleagues to hold the WH accountable.
Please insist upon an independent investigation of Trump/Russia ties. If you care at all about this country, it is the only way forward.
Trump is for Trump. His psychopathology threatens the US. He doesn't care about our nation or your party. Please investigate Trump/Russia.
That's not enough. I voted for you in the past, but unless you come out stronger and demand an independent investigation I will oppose you.
All you Toad (R)s should run off to Brokefoot Mountain & live happily ever after,
I hear Chafes-it has a very roomy, comfy closet there.
We want a replacement who is truly independent of this WH! And we the people want an independent commission to investigate--NOW!
Independent investigation!
Between your response to the Comey firing, and @DonYoungAK 's vote to cut our AK health care, we Alaskans weep.
Why are Republicans covering for Trump and Russia?
#DumpTrump He's lying. Get rid of him NOW!
Even now you're not calling for a special investigation?! Stop protecting your chairmanship and start protecting your country!
Independent commission- #Countrybeforeparty
Sen. you have really gone "wacko" Your statement is totally uninformed. A long time Alaskan 30 plus yrs first arrived in Ak 1959
Special Prosecutor now. That's the only sane thing to do. You know it. I know it. Alaskans know it. Americans know it. Be  the hero. Honor!
Senator, now is the time to place country over party to save the Republic!
You & @SenDanSullivan MUST demand an #IndependentInvestigation!
Trump has made his lies a joke and is treating America like a cheap reality TV series. Show him the business.  Demand special prosecutor.
Thank you for this statement.  How you do that - an independent investigation.
Thank you for being one of the few Republicans willing to speak out. HOWEVER, YOU need to do more and press for an #IndependentInvestigation
@lisamurkowski thanks for your nothing statement while waiting to see where the winds blow. Call for an independent investigation into 
I always knew I liked you
independent special prosecutor or what? What's your recommendation? Time for action, not words!
Restore my trust with a special prosecutor. Period.
there is no way to trust any FBI director appointed by Trump and rubber stamped by the Senate, like you did with Sessions
I want a special prosecutor. The investigation must continue without interference from those being investigated. Anchorage, AK 99515
If you text "resist" to 504-09 the resistbot will ID your reps/senators & send faxes for free to them!  I've been doing it all day!
it's not even clear what trust is being restored. Grammatically, is the trust in Comey. Horrible statement.
Plz, stand up for us. I'm a dem but appreciate some of your dec of late bcuz you are putting country first. Plz continue.
The only way this is going to happen is with the appointment of a special prosecutor.
Obstruction of justice is serious. #IndependentInvestigation
This is more an equivocation than a statement. State your demand for a Special Prosecutor or update your resume.
.@lisamurkowski PLEASE be a patriot. Prioritize country over party. Call for a special prosecutor with adequate staff.
Do more - stop normalizing this as corrupt politics. Is nothing less than a Russia coup on US soil supported by all who normalize the lies.
What will you do? Follow/Approve/Praise Trump? Our Stand up to Trump & guard Our Country & Democracy for ALL Americans? Time To Act Not Talk
That's a nice neutral statement.  Are you going to take a stand or wait on the sidelines?  Show some backbone or step out of the way.
Actually, this was RELEASED today by the Kremlin. Not taken today. Idk how to edit tweets yet :/
This is some crazy mess!
Thank you for sharing our concern. Will you commit to supporting an independent investigation?
Senator, we need an #IndependentCommission. Please put country before party. We the people are counting on you. #TrumpRussia
So you support a special prosecutor to "restore that trust"? being "concerned" w/o more is b.s.
Nobody wants to see Hillary or Obama in jail....we want to see them before a firing squad..throw John McCain in there too.
Tweets are useless propaganda.  Stand up for the people, demand an independent investigation.

.@lisamurkowski So you're saying nothing, basically. Got it.
Agree. Now do something about it. We need an INDEPENDENT investigation.
Lisa, problem is....Obama hired a crook to cover up there crimes.
You are right - the timing is very upsetting. What are you going to do about it? We need a special investigation NOW.
Independent investigation please!!!
Thanks, but that is not near far enough. Time to put country over party
So where do you stand? With America or with corrupt White House?
Come again?
ARE YOU CALLING FOR A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR OR NOT?!?!
What are you doing to remove #POTUS for obstruction of justice, abuse of power, using Oval Office for financial gain, business conflicts?
Do you support an independent investigation or not?
Thanks
Americans are losing hope in Congress! Democracy, constitution, EVERYTHING is being torn apart at the seams by @POTUS to coverup his crimes!
Independent Commission and Special Prosecutor. Our Constitution is under fire. Trump is no Republican He's a traitor
The last sentence applies to President Traitor, not Comey. What the hell are you people doing Lisa? HE'S A TRAITOR! Too freaking much...
Enough is enough and we're watching, waiting and WILL hold you accountable. Ppl before party #corruption #deathcare #environmentaljustice
the timing and the reasoning say Trump is VERY guilty! By doing this, this way, Trump admits 2016 election was invalid and illegal!
