Thoughts and prayers never stopped a bullet. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS. THEY DIED SO U CLD HAVE NRA .$$$ in your coffers.  SHAME
Thank you sen. Murkowski
Time to immediately outlaw bump stocks. Then pass more strict gun laws. 33,000 Americans per year are killed by guns.
#GunControlNow
Save your unwanted prayers, and do something USEFUL. Start with banning assault weapons.
Vote for strict gun control and save your prayers.  Congress has the blood of children dripping from their hands.
Please support sane, reasonable gun reforms.
So what are you doing about gun control?
YOU are in my prayers, Lisa. Praying that when you talk to God, you ask him for the courage to stand up to the NRA.
Your "heart" goes out to the victims and their families. Your "prayers" are bullshit. YOU accepted $4,500 from the NRA in 2016. There is blood on YOUR hands.
What happened in Las Vegas was not incomprehensible.  It was the predictable consequence of your failure to extend the assault weapons ban of 1994 - 2004.
Then do something about gun violence.  Save our children, our families, our integrity - our wellbeing.  Bi partisan effort NOW!  It’s time.
Registration, insurance and licenses with eye and mental health screening for every last gun in this country.
Then vote for some regulation. Be the grown-up
You took money from the #NRA. This blood is on your hands.
That's nice. Now, what common sense gun control can be done legislatively to stop murderers like him?
$4500 from the NRA last election cycle. Your actions speak louder than your words.
Just wish your heart went out for the AK working person that’s insurance will skyrocket because of you. #notatrueconserv
Take action against assault rifles. You are in a position to affect change. Please.
And @lisamurkowski can #EffectChange too 
#GunControlNow
Please do something to stop this from happening again. Prayers should always lead to action or they are meaningless
Is this true? Alaska Senator Lisa Murkowski received $4,500 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle?
"horrific?" Take action now and stop taking money from NRA!
PLEASE STOP THIS INSANITY ! We should have some RESPONSIBLE GUN LAWS ! Does ANYONE have A RIGHT to OWN an ASSAULT WEAPON ? WHAT FOR ??
You are in a position to change laws and save lives! Keep praying, but also take action!
Horrific that you accepted $18,900.00 in contributions from the NRA and now you're  sending condolences and prayers. Where is your apology?
Alaska Senator Lisa Murkowski received $4,500 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
may you please also send the NRA their money back. or better yet donate it to save lives. thank you.
are you horrified enough to stop taking money from the NRA and furthering their agenda?

you took $ from NRA and that makes you a guilty party to these tragic events. Americans want more gun control in place.
Alaska Senator Lisa Murkowski received $4,500 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.

The horrific news is that you took $4500 from the organization that helped the shooter have the equipment he needed.
I hope you pray to God that he'll forgive you for the blood money you've received. YOUR PEOPLE ARE DYING FOR YOUR 'RIGHTS'.
Instead of prayers, stop taking money from the NRA and make common sense laws about guns happen! It's what most Alaskans want.
Gun control. Just one step...child proof locks. Just one thing. There are so many more rational steps ...
Please do something about it. No one needs an assault rifle.
Now do something to make it stop. #BloodMoney YOU DID THIS
@SenShelby we pray for people like you to change laws. Our prayers go unanswered. #enough
Alaska Senator Lisa Murkowski received $4,500 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle. #actionnotprayers
stop praying and pass common sense gun control
$4,500

LV police were so badly outgunned by mad man it took them 2 hrs to enter gunman's hotel room; 

Trump says they got him "quickly"
happily takes donations from the NRA, so your "thoughts and prayers" are rather hollow. Follow your conscience like on health
Is it time to revisit the gun control issue ? I believe in gun rights but now have growing interest re: adding certain limitations . IDEAS ?
Do you see all these tweets Senator? We the ppl are BEGGING for you to help stop this violence with sensible laws on automatic rifles.
Prayers aren't enough. DO something to help stop this. Do not pass legislation making silencers ok and get busy banning automatic rifles.
Please add your voice to gun reform. You were brave on Healthcare. Be brave on this
So you'll stop accepting money from the NRA then and actually do something to prevent acts like this in the future?
Senator Lisa Murkowski received $4,500 from the NRA
But you took NRA funds during the last election cycle. That kind of makes you a fraud, doesn't it?
Senator we need more than prayers. Take action to pass restrictions and institute laws to prevent this!
Then please pass meaningful gun legislation. No high capacity, silencers and not letting NRA cont. to have lobby power. This is nuts!
Is your heart on preventing future mass murders? Please support gun control.
Prayers are needed. How about gun control from the GOP. Action not talk. Please.
Need a federal law banning the media from revealing the names of these pathetic losers! Let them rot in hell unknown! 
Bull. You’ve taken at least $18k from the NRA. Don’t give us your fake sorrow. #BloodOnHands
Legislate! Ban human-hunting weapons of war, Senator. @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Beyond horrific that YOU accepted $4500 from the NRA last year - that's about $8 per shooting victim this time, right? .
and? Any plans for legislation for sensible gun laws? Limiting access to weapons of war? Anything?
It is time to discuss #guncontrol please take up this conversation. #CongressDoYourJob
VOTE NO! http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-las-vegas-shooting-live-updates-congress-unable-to-pass-firearm-1506964271-htmlstory.html … Empty prayers and condolences  when the GOP puts the NRA and GUNS above  HUMAN LIFE
Senator, ur response is a common one. "Our prayers and thoughts to the families..." When will you actually DO SOMETHING to stop this madness
Senator, by voting against the Sandy Hook bill you allowed this to happen. #StopNRADonations stop taking their money and be independent.
You are in a position of power. You make the laws how many people have to die before you vote for gun control?
Stop taking money from the NRA. No one should have access to the kinds of guns this man had. He was a terrorist!
Prayers don't do anything! Vote for stricter gun laws! You could voted to keep gun away from people on the no fly list and you didn't!
Matt 6:5-8
Your prayers? 
You're one of the few people whose action can end this ongoing nightmare
Denounce inaction on gun legislation now! Pray later
If you really cared about the victims in Begas you would support gun control.  Guns are what kill people and there is a gun problem in US
You received $4500 from the NRA during the 2016 election.  What is your plan to deal with gun violence?
We need more than prayers, Senator. #legislation #GunControlNow #gunviolence
@lisamurkowski Finally, BE the leadership the @GOP needs. No more sound bytes, real action. This repeating cycle NEEDS to end. #NowIsTheTime
@lisamurkowski Also, let's work on legislation that gets rid of gun show loopholes, keeps guns out of mentally unstable hands. #NowIsTheTime
@lisamurkowski You've been on a roll lately. Keep it going by voting against @NRA's attempt to pass silencer legislation. #NowIsTheTime

Every Member of Congress Who Took Money From the NRA and Tweeted 'Thoughts and Prayers' to Las Vegas @splinter_news http://ow.ly/9SsB30fAAVY 
How will you vote on the upcoming silencer bill? I mean the NRA does support you. I don't want to hear your prayers, I want smart gun laws.
Alaska Senator Lisa Murkowski received $4,500 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.

You know what's also horrifying? The $4,500 you took from the NRA. You send any of that with your prayers to the victims and their families?
Please convince your GOP colleagues to stop listening to & taking money from the NRA & vote to ban assault rifles & vote against silencers!
when will peoples lives become more important than the right to own an assault rifle? Please use your power for good!
Let me fix this tweet for u: I will help pass #GunControl to save lives because one dead American due to gun violence is too many. #LasVegas
Prayers haven't stopped the 270-odd mass shootings this year. But you could. #bloodmoney #GunControlNow
*in my prayers as I help draft new common sense gun control legislation, which I can do as a senator and occasional conscience of the GOP.
Palefaces need to realize life ain't fair! Oh, u didn't get the titled job, girl and car u wanted? Boo hoo! Get over it!!
prayers?  BLOOD IS ON UR HANDS.
#guncontrol. Please, Lisa? Only the women can change this
POLICY helps. Tweeting "thoughts & prayers" and accepting $4,500 from NRA does not. Enough is enough! NOW is the time to talk about change.
They don’t need your prayers senator, they need you to act and support stricter gun control to prevent this.
Prayers are nice, but not enough. It's clear the $4,500 you took from the NRA has impacted your voting record and you are complicit.
If you honestly care about the victims of gun violence, then please do the right thing and vote against SHARE.
How about instead of praying (which never seems 2 work 4 future mass shooting victims, does it), u actually do something 2 stand up 2 t/NRA?
time to pass strict gun laws. 2nd Amendment = right to own make and model available at time of constitution adoption.
Guns! Semi automatics! Stop it now...what more do you need to see?
was the $4,500 from the NRA worth it?
Ah, Lisa. Time to return the NRA blood money you accepted. Pass gun control legislation.
You are a murderer.
Truly horrific it would be helpful if you did not take $4,500 from the NRA as you did in 2016 #guncontrol
Do something.  Prayers not working.  #GunContolNow
Get on board for gun control legislation!
Maybe you should take the $4,500 you got from the NRA and clean your #BloodStainedHands by paying for someone's medical bills. #GFY
So was the $4,500 you got from the NRA last election cycle worth it?
Thank you for standing up for healthcare but lets start on Gun Control. Enough is enough #SandyHook #LasVegasShooting No more prayers needed
Save your prayers and stop taking money from the @NRA. We need sensible gun laws now.
This terrorist got his hands on illegal weapons. How does that happen?
Senator, when you say this I believe you.
Alaska Senator Lisa Murkowski received $4,500 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
#LoveYouToTheStarsAndBack 4 helping save #ACA. Deeply disappointed you accept $ from #NRA. Pls help fight 4 #CommonSenseGunControl #LasVegas
Please support gun control and safety legislations to protect Americans.
If we need a license to drive a car, we should have some type of licensing/regulations to own guns. AND no one needs high powered guns.
PRATERS HAVEN'T WORKED SO FAR. BAN ASSAULT WEAPONS FROM CIVILIANS!!!
#GunContolNow
Hmmm and yet you accepted $4500 from the NRA in 2016 
Who voted against gun control? Joe and Mika read their names http://www.msnbc.com/morning-joe/who-voted-against-gun-control … #BloodOnYourHands
Blood is on your hands for taking money and supporting terrorist @NRA
If you are a politician with an A rating from the NRA save your thoughts and prayers for your next election. Cc @repdonyoung @SenDanSullivan
The next time you take money from the NRA I hope you remember the people who you allowed to be killed as a result of your greed.
Assault weapons should be used to protect people on the battlefield. America is not a battlefield. Semi Automatics are Assault Weapons!
Let them be in your actions. NO MORE CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS from NRA
It's beyond horrific that you won't support sensible gun control and instead take money from the NRA. Blood is on your hands. #guncontrolnow
Please use this to ban assault rifles from civilian sale - I know you  the NRA but civilians don’t EVER need assault rifles!!
Please please please help start a discussion on how to place limits on assault weapons. #guncontrol #COMETOGETHER #EnoughIsEnough
Stop taking money from the NRA and do something about gun control! Your thoughs/prayers do nothing!
