Change to a democrat.
Thanks you for voting no, Senator.
You will be voted out.
You are a lying politician! Only reason you didn't vote to repeal is because you are not up for re-election in 2018!
I agree she is a liar and a fake senator!
Fake senator!!!!!
Shame and Shame
We need to include the Dems in the process to remove the millstone hung around our necks without 1 Rep vote?  Bullshit, lady.
WHAT have you been doing over past 8 years along with @SenatorCollins & @SenJohnMcCain to FIX #Healthcare My guess?  #NOTHING #turncoat
Not one single Conservative cares what you think. You will never be elected again. Just another grandstanding traitor. We ALL see you.
If you are living or traveling in this country you deserve treatment.  If a citizen, you deserve even better care!  Improve universal care!
Great job on failing to do the one thing you promised to do for 7 years. Worthless!
“Ignorant"
 “Out of Touch"
Why do you represent a party whose core ideals go against women, equality, and progress?
Disgusting interview with CNN today, where you admit that you support an organization that murders babies!  Do you sleep well at night?
Did you campaign to repeal?  I think you owe your ppl and the country an apology.
See Accountable health care - saving millions by paying dr's differently. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrJfu0JJcok …
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You are on the right side of history. #healthcare
R E P E A L.       R E P L A C E 
NOT THAT HARD
DO YOUR JOB
WE NEED AMERICANS NOT POLITICIANS
AMERICA STRONG
NOT YOU RICHER
POLLUTE
DO URJOB
You are a traitor to America and should be FORCED to purchase and use ObamaCare. @realDonaldTrump #PutCongressOnObamacare
why are you exempt from obamacare
Thank you Senator for looking out for us all.  I can not believe how you and  Sen. Collins had to stand alone in this fight for fairness.
A belated thank you for standing fast on Health Care.
Your statement and reason you gave does not hold water at all.Where were you when 60 democrats force unready Obamacare on us
Thank you
You let us down w/your vote. U CHANGED UR vote in 2015 & went against ur campaign promise. People voted 4 u on your promises!
Continue to stand strong against bullies!
You lied.
thank,s a lot Lisa you have ruined our state i just can not believe what you have done our party our nation
What a typical RINO. You might as well switch to the Democrat party. You secretly supported the ACA this whole time, while lying to voters.
You've let your cat out of the bag. You are a DEMOCRAT holding Republican office, you AND McCain. I hope Alaska replaces you next election.
You're a hero!
You are telling a convenient cover your butt lie as usual.  Your constituents will likely vote you out for keeping the oppressive Obamacare.
How do you plan to lower costs for everyone?  I see only criticism with no solve. If you vote NO, then offer a better plan.  Help us win.
Murkowski Refuses To Explain Why She Campaigned On Obamacare Repeal But Voted Against It http://dailycaller.com/2017/07/28/murkowski-refuses-to-explain-why-she-campaigned-on-obamacare-repeal-but-voted-against-it/?utm_source=site-share … via @dailycaller
thank you thank you thank you 
May you go down in infamy
Thank you - it is the right way to improve the bill and provide access to affordable healthcare for all US citizens
Sen. you lied to the American ppl about repealing O'care . You need to be fired! I hope this happens. Supt our Pres! U R part of the swamp!
we're not interested in your statement. Your pro baby killing. We want Obama care gone. Are you republican or not
you and the other two dorks are through!
you cheated your way into your seat. Now you screwed the country. I'll give to your opponent next time.
I guess you are on the payroll now. Funny how easily politicians can be bought. 2 years ago you were calling for the repeal. #shameonyou
you are a traitor to those you were voted to represent!
You and Sen Collins give me faith in mankind, or perhaps womankind,  and a little faith in politics and govt. Just a little. Let's fix ACA!
Thank you, Madam Senator
Thank you Senator for being the voice of reason and a crucial check and balance to protect our democracy!
Traitor
Shame on you !! Maybe the people in Alaska will vote you out !!
must be difficult to have the entire future and economy of AK on your shoulders. Why didn't you req a comm vote?
Thank for proceeding in an honorable fashion. @lisamurkowski @coopah
Thank you for all your no votes on the most recent health care bills.  Your common sense and concern is appreciated
Retire please. Do your country a great service. You want me to pay for abortions for women. Your sick.
I this k

I think you get an entitlement as a paid senator with job security and no term.limits. People need change for new ideas to work.
If your thinking social security is an entitlement you are wrong it is money workers put in so we have a monthy check to help us pay medical
sooo you've been in office how long and wanted a straight repeal before...where have you been????? Why is it complicated now and not before?
Thank you!!!!!
This is a fatal flaw in our current process. Working from the top down instead of the bottom up.
Thank you for standing up for humanity and process, despite the harassment you've faced. Scary when it comes from those in power.
Thank you!! You are a true America. Hero!
Where in the constitution is a individual supposed to get health care.  Health care is not a government responsibility
Thank you!  We won't forget!
Thank you
Government should not run healthcare! The less they are involved, the better.
Thats just play lying! You are fully aware you destroyed any chances of reform of any kind. YOU WILL BE VOTED OUT you  BETRAYED all of U S !
thank you
Thank you senator for putting the country above your party.  Your courage is noted by a US Marine
Thank you!!
Thanks 4 your courage serving us Senator Murkowski,despite trumps bullying &his political vendetta's.Threats to punish U is called blackmail
Thank you for your incredible courage and integrity. You and Sen. Collins stood alone for a very long time. Brava!
Thank You for your vote and for being un afraid.
 Kudos & many thanks from TN. So encouraged to see some Republicans doing the right thing. Stay Strong
Thank you Senator Murkowski, for standing up for your constituents against a bully and for ultimately saving all of us. 
Thank you, Senator, for representing the people. Especially when your compatriots wouldn't. You are an inspiration to this Dem.
Thank you Sen Murkowski for standing up for what is right.
You're an American hero! I honor your courage in the face of the intense pressure you had to have been under. You've saved millions of lives
Thank you for your no vote. Preexisting conditions, nursing home funding - this is real, not ideology.
Thank you
Thank you for your vote Senator!
Thank you Sen. Murkowski for standing up for what's right.The ACA needs fixing not repealing with bipartisan support and now that's possible
Thank you Senator Murkowski for putting country before politics!  You inspire me!
So proud of you for standing your ground and doing the right thing. America thanks you.
Thank you for doing the right thing. 
Where in the Constitution is healthcare? #FullRepeal
Why are you "Republican?" You're not representing the Republican people. You're an #obstructionist, a #bureaucrat and a lover of committees.
Thank you for bringing back sensible procedures for passing laws that affect every one of us.
Thank you
Voting against the interests of Americans...you will soon be kicked out of office. You lied to get into office in 2010..all show...hypocrite
If wishes were horses beggars would ride. Dems too busy 'resisting" Trump. Either repeal ACA or replace it or both. No more lame excuses.
Thank you for standing with Americans
Thank you
Thank you for having the back of the American people when you voted "no" for the Obamacare repeal last night.
Thank you, Senator.
I can't thank you enough for standing by your values and the people you serve. I agree we should come together and work to reform healthcare
Thank you, Senator Murkowski, for your 'no' vote on the "skinny repeal" bill. The ACA needs tweaking or Medicare for all. God bless you.
Thank you!
So proud of you!You set an example for Reps & Dems that put politics before their country. We need more women in the Congress!
thank you for voting "no" from the beginning!
Thank you for your 'no' vote in spite of being bullied by trump. You showed courage and resoluteness.
Thank you for thinking of the people first!! We appreciate your No vote.
Thank you for stopping the #SkinnyRepeal


You are a RINO. Not a republican...please switch parties so we know what we are getting
Thank you for your integrity, leadership and being a role model for the next generation of politicians.
Thank YOU for standing up & representing American people this week.  Your courage is inspiring.  Please continue to stand firm.
- Couple jump to their deaths because they 'can't afford' health care
Thank you.
thank you!!!!!
Thanks for your healthcare vote.
Thank you so much!  You really are courageous!
Shorter Murkowski: "I lied about Obamacare to get re-elected.  I had no intention of repealing it."
Thank you for this call for bipartisanship work on this bill. I cannot believe Sen McConnell is holding secret meetings. What a Turtle Head.
Never trust a RINO.
YOU ARE TRUELY DEPLORABLE. GOP DOESN'T NEED YOU ANYMORE. GO HOME !!!
From the great state of Georgia - we thank you!
Thank you for your huge part in voting down the skinny repeal. I respect your integrity and bravery! The R men can learn from you & Collins!
Thank you
Thank u 4 ur courage 2 stand up 2 a bully & 4 voting intelligently instead of following the crowd like all of ur male colleagues sans one.
I'm glad you aren't my senator. Why ideas have you brought to the table? What ideas will you being?
TY so much for your no votes AND PP support.  I sincerely hope that you and @SenatorCollins are a part of a bipartisan effort to #FixACA
Thank you for doing the right thing.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank You!!!
I am in awe of your courage!!!  Thank you for caring for "the least of us'
Thank you. May you continue to focus on wisdom and leadership. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Thanks Senator for putting the American people before party. The most vulnerable will remember your act of bravery forever!
Thank you for voting with the best interest of the American people in mind and not succumbing to pressure.
Thank you for really caring for the American People and not letting yourself be bullied by POTUS and GOP.
#termlimits
How could you do this
Thanks for the betrayal.
Thank You!!
Thank you for being a hero for millions of people by putting them over party.
Thank you, Senator. We appreciate your no vote on the healthcare bill. Thank you for doing the right thing.
You are a hero Thank you.
Thank Ou for standing for the American people instead of your party.
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
You are lazy
Thank you for doing whats right.
Thank you @lisamurkowski for standing up for all the Americans who rely on the healthcare they receive through the ACA.
Thank you for your heroic vote @lisamurkowski . Stand firm with my state's @SenatorCollins We sincerely appreciate your reasoned perspective
Thank you for working on behalf of ALL Americans on this critical issue
Thank you Senator for voting for the people!
Thank you! Please continue to fight for a plan that has ACTUAL affordable premiums, and high quality and comprehensive care.
Stop looking out for special interest. Look out for Americans. Not your next election. Repeal and replace. THE SENATE. Don't trust..
Thank you for standing up for the true needs of Americans - affordable and accessible heath care. Everything thus far has just been politics
Thank you @lisamurkowski
I don't believe any of you in the Senate time for TERM limits and repeal and replace rhinos rep and dems...
Get your greedy, sticky hands off of healthcare.  You will have an entire movement to repeal and replace you very soon if you don't.
A committee is the most corrupt do nothing excuse I've heard yet.  It doesn't help to represent people, it allows for further corruption.
Thank you for your vote. I wish our senator had been as courageous.
Senator you should have voted for repeal. At the same time bring up a insurance bill for replace then sent that to committee process...
You are a fearless legislator, and your vote proves you will not be bullied. You did what is right for the American people. Thanks Senator!!

Thank you Sen Murkowski for letting your conscience be your guide. And for the courage you have shown to vote for the people not the party!
Thank you Senator Murkowksi for the bravery you and Sen McCain and Collins showed last night.  You are my new heros and I'm a democrat!
Thank you.
Thank you for taking the time to understand the issues rather than blindly following your party. We very much appreciate it.
Thank you for your service to our Country and your courage to work toward a bipartisan solution to Health Care in spite of WH pressure.
ACA is not failing. It is imperfect and too costly. But saving lives. Let's fix it.
This physician thanks you for putting people before politics.
Thank you Senator for standing up for truth and reason!
Thank you!
Thank you for your vote to save health care for millions
WE The People Thank you #Murkowski for standing TALL & STRONG for logic & integrity defeating a poorly drafted & ill concieved bill.
You are a hero in today's political climate for putting real people's lives over party! Thank you for having a brain & heart of your own!
Not healthcare reform genius; it is REPEAL
Thank you for your bravery & your bipartisan efforts.
Thank you Senator
Thank you Senator!
#RINO
Thank you for voting no!
Thank you for not passing GOP health bills. Now on to improving what we have - with both parties wking together.
Thank you Senator for encouraging discussion that will lead to sound policies that will benefit all Alaskans and all Americans!
Thank you
Thank you Senator Murkowski!
Thank you for standing strong.
Thank you @lisamurkowski for putting #people ahead of #party wrt your vote & position on #healthcare.
Thank you, Sen. Murkowski for doing the right things.
Thank you for your prudence
Thank you VERY much ma'am. Grateful for your strength and ethic to the defenseless. True morals.
Thank you for your courage & integrity. You are a true public servant who put the American people above party politics.
Thank you for putting the people before party!
Kudos. Thank you for voting for your constituents. For standing up and doing what you think is best for the people not the party.
Thank you
Thank you for standing up to the bullies and doing the right thing.
Thank you.
Thank you from Massachusetts!
Thank you, Senator Murkowski!
Thank you for doing the right thing.  It's sad when you have to thank people for doing what's right.  Hopefully one day it's Just expected.
Thank you for your leadership in stopping a very bad healthcare bill. My fondest hope is a bipartisan effort to correct ACA deficiencies.
Thank you for standing up for us, and for your courage.
