U mean the ruse the D's made up. I find U 2 B a D, hiding behind an R. U did not look real happy next to Trump today, Wow!
From one Willamette University grad to another: thank you.
The problem is that the allegations are treated like fact by the media and the left.
You are no Republican. You are a Repugnant.  You are a liar, cheater, and thief. You are terrible along with Collins and McCain. Jerks all!
Finally you have something to say about this. I guess better late then never.  What does Don Young have to say @repdonyoung
If the Senate is good why waste funds on a commission or special prosecutor?
I don't recall @SenateDems asking for a commission or SP to investigate IRS scandal; Fast & Furious; Hillary's neglected and deleted emails.
What?  Trump is the POTUS and is the one obstructing justice and giving state secrets to an unfriendly foreign power.  Wake up.
You are behind the curve, following the news cycle, not leading as we elected you to do.
True, but we need all the @GOP  help possible. I do understand your frustration.
Don't put your faith in Murkowski. She will do whatever the repub leadership tells her to do - party above country and constituents.
Just trying to get her to maybe check in with her conscience once in awhile...
Listen up people.  This isn't the media out to get you.  Your own Republican party leaders are concerned.
End your corrupt family empire. Only criminals get rich in politics. #leakmurkowski
Time to do something. Stop all nominees until this is resolved at the very least.
it's rather smoky Ms Murkowski.  And Mr Comey is a real American with values.
No true Christian would rob the poor and give to the rich, vote NO on AHCA
Congress does NOT need to investigate anything. Legislate, Do Your Job!  Fix healthcare, tax code. border security, and pass budget
Senator, please support an independent commission. It's the best tool for finding out has happened.
Clinton,FBI,NSA,CIA,IRS,VA,Iran deal & all the other scandals ON YOUR LIST of corruption coming out of D.C.  There is a reason Trump won!
I was embarrassed 4 U today. U could not even crack a smile next 2 the president. U showed distain. Your attitude is sad!
Concerned? Concerned? Your hair should be on fire.
Yes. Thank you, Senator!
Pls whats conflicting about the reports? They never called him honest one week and dishonest the next. Or a gentleman & then p**** grabber 
#LockHimUp #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump
NOW Rs ARE ALL 4 FOLLOWING THROUGH..WHERE WERE U YESTERDAY? WE WILL NOT BE FOOLED. 2018 IS COMING FAST& VOTER RAGE WILL SHOW AT BALLOT BOX
Maybe it's high time you and the other Republican lawmakers backed him up.  I've never believed the Russian hacking story.  He's our POTUS.
Thank you for your vote this morning. It reminds me of JFK's Profiles in Courage.
It's a little late. Trump is tearing the country down, brick by brick. Obstructing justice, giving state secrets to Russia. Must go.
What is so confusing Lisa ! He is not telling the whole truth !
Geez. That a strong statement!  You're concerned about conflicting reports?  How about our Presidents bizarre behavior?
please act on behalf of Americans NOT @GOP get to truth take action to rid us of those who LIE OBSTRUCT JUSTICE & get to work of the people
TY!
You're not too concerned. This has been going on for months, yet you've supported his agenda...esp to deny access to healthcare. Have a seat
Like many Republicans, you refuse to condemn his many acts of kleptocracy, dishonesty, and tacit support for white nationalism.
"conflicting"? No, the sources and allegations are pretty conclusive. Only "conflict" is Dumpster admin lies
Concerned? I'm concerned that my kid is getting a C in chemistry. Presidential malfeasance takes us WAY beyond concern.
What a great anology. Spoken like a real patriotic citizen.
Thankyou for putting #country over party!! #SaveAmerica 
She has never put country over politics.
Sure join the rest of fake media. You need a new job
Be a leader - call for a special prosecutor and independent investigation. Partisan politics are a disease on our democracy
You mean Republic. We don't have a democracy. Never did.
Here's the point: Russia is a foreign enemy that tampered with our Democratic process. Trump's closeness to them is not acceptable. #Treason
Sadly, because of Sarah Palin, nobody takes what anybody from Alaska says seriously.
When are the Republicans going to start backing their POTUS?
Everyone one of you including the majority leader should be ashamed of yourself. Letting Schumer run his mouth and not rebut.
I swear, if I hear the word "concerned" from another one of OUR employees with no action....
You also need to get your fellow republicans to acknowledge that McConnell and Ryan are stonewalling everything and know things
Thank you
Oh, the train is leaving if I run I can make it.  Made the train saved my job.
Too little too late.  @gop should've been putting #CountryOverParty from the start.
Expressing concern is one thing. Prove with action. Hold his ass accountable.
As an Alaskan I'm glad to hear that you're concerned. Please be very concerned. We're up a creek right now & the GOP needs to stop enabling
Very weak statement. Support a fully funded, expertly staffed, investigation by special commission. Not a part-time, low skill, sen inv.
That's because Comey has dirt on you and you don't want him releasing it.
You're STILL on "it may be"??? REALLY? Read complicity bombshell! #GOPisGovernmentofPUTIN

https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/house-majority-leader-to-colleagues-in-2016-i-think-putin-pays-trump/2017/05/17/515f6f8a-3aff-11e7-8854-21f359183e8c_story.html …?
You were a true leader today. Brave. Strong. Blessed.
The only conflicts are contradictory denials from the White House that @realDonaldTrump then undercuts .. the actual reporting remains solid
Independent Commission, Please? @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @GOPoversight @OversightDems @OfficeGovEthics
You voted to confirm Sessions as AG so... you are a worthless tool. Please get eaten by a polar bear. 
Then you should be on the floor of the Senate demanding answers from the White House.  As should @SenDanSullivan.
Continuous, . Conflicting? Only Trumps lies, cover ups, & alt-right "news". I think even you know the truth @lisamurkowski #impeach
When did you become a Dem? I missed the announcement. 2 thoughts: Pres.Trump got more votes than you & his approval rating is higher.
Senator it is your own party that has enabled his rise to the highest office. May god forgive you if it comes to nuclear war.
Senator, do your job. Trump has been a shit storm. A clear and present danger to America and our values. Do the right thing.
What are you concerned about?
Spilling your morning coffee is cause for concern. Do something about this. It's your constitutional duty. Also your job.
Your a little behind the curve Lisa. The horse already left the barn. Also, why are there no Senate women on AHCA committee? Men define us?
The only way to regain trust will be have trump stop lying about everything, show taxes admit he is unqualified.
Better late than never, but I won't forget how long you dug your heels in trying to skate the issue altogether. Still mad about HJR69. 99507
THANK YOU 
Then call for an independent investigation, Senator. The American people deserve to know the truth.
Concerned are you? Is this just dawning on you?
At least you can see Russia from where you are at.
Thank you for taking a stand!
You let Hillary destroy emails. CLASSIFIED means Classified. Why were you not upset when FBI let her be so careless. #SethRich #MAGA 
And like all Republicans, you'll express "concern," but not actually do anything and try to stonewall any investigation. Party over country.
@annaedge4 

Is that because you can see Russia from your house ?
Stop being "concerned" & try being a #Patriot -put #USA above partisan politics!
No conflicting messages, trump is incompetent PERIOD!
Yeah, it amazes me how the Democrats can't keep a story straight
it amazes me how deeply corrupt your fuhrer is ( :
Yes, I get you still stand with Trump.  NO QUESTION an independent investigation is needed for the public's safety, not trust. Make a stand.
Demand impeachment.
Thank you for putting country above party
God bless you. I'm so glad I donated $100 to your 2010 write-in campaign against Joe Miller. I so wish you were my Senator.
Thank you for putting the nation first.
Very much in agreement with you, Senator! The wheels on the bus must appear to be on, regardless of the chaos beneath. Confidence is fading!
Your getting to sound more & more like a democrat, which is why you will never get my vote + your ties to planned unparenthood
Oh really? Your concerned now? Thanks
Will you call for an independent investigation?
You have the job to do something about it (rather than just voice your concern).  When will that happen?
...and Sen Sullivan and Congressman Young?????
Agreed!! Thank you Senator!! #IndependentInvestigation #classifiedinfo #Russia
Where are all the town meetings  guess u r 2 busy not doing your job.
Luke warm, but we'll take it for now. True test will be your vote to impeach.
She nearly spared us @jeffsessions . That's worth something.
Thank you
"Concerned"? It appears that you need some help to improve the breadth and precision of your vocabulary.
yeah, gonna need you to say these words again but this time with meaning
If truly concerned U would stop carrying the Republican talking points and join bipartisan efforts for transparency Repubs own this mess.
Not concerned enough to actually DO anything about it though. Keep suckling that teat
but you're representing those of us who are concerned. We're asking you to DO something.
Now pls
COMEY NEEDS TO TESTIFY IN PUBLIC AS PER IS OWN REQUEST USA USA  GET TRUMP OUT USA USA IMPEACH TRUMP!  LOCK HIM UP!
your Tweet was quoted by @voxdotcom
Thank you for trying to to establish order amid chaos. We voted for you to be our voice and it's a strong one!
Thank you Senator!
If he is innocent, there would be nothing to worry about in doing an independent investigation!
Not really conflicting. @realDonaldTrump admitted he fired @JamesComeyFBI bc of #russiagate. Only conflicting stories are from @FoxNews
We need a special prosecutor
Thank you for supporting an independent / special prosecutor.
Thank you for seeking the truth
Actually you should be far more concerned about 
"conflicting reports FROM President Trump"
He's sinking, taking GOP 
w/him. You deserve it.
"It may be that we need to....." its not maybe if you want to restore public trust. It is imperative to restoring trust.  @lisamurkowski
Looks like Trump is getting the Russian gang back together
Trump's DHS pick David Clarke was in Moscow *the same week* disgraced NSA Mike Flynn dined with Putin. https://twitter.com/timkmak/status/864932883693281281 …
THANK YOU!!!! #SAVETHEUSA #INVESTIGATE
Then why have voted to confirm his cabinet members that are also implicate in the Russian scandal
Cool, why the hell did you support hia cabinet picks then?
Remember when Never Trumpers tried to steal the nomination at the convention? @realDonaldTrump the forgotton man&woman didn't let it happen
Go Lisa!  I agree with you. Let's get the facts and take it from there.  The daily drama is not conducive to good government!  Keep it up!
They only conflict with the statements of the people trying to stay out of jail for their crimes.
Thank you! Please get to the bottom of this - we are all not only concerned - we are anxious and losing confidence
Right, Reports. Do you have some sort of evidence? Not hearsay, not anonymous reports but evidence?NY Times and Wash Post isn't evidence.
Thank you SEN @lisamurkowski . Now more than ever we need strong leadership and country first.
Better late than never #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Uh yeah. Duh.
Where's the conflict?  Seems pretty damn consistent to me. #cmonalready
Trump is the symptom. Your party, particularly in the House, is the disease.
Constituent here. I'm all in favor of an independent commission/special prosecutor. ASAP. Thank you.
Thank you for consideration of a special independent prosecutor to investigate this mess! Why R your colleagues not following suit ?
Thank you for speaking the truth. Hoping @SenatorCollins @SenCapito @joniernst @SenatorFischer will find their voices too.
Senator, thank you for doing the right thing.
It's not either/or, Senator. We need both. We need a SC to move our country forward. We need a SP for the #Crimes. Best get ahead of this.
Thank u Lisa for standing up and doing the right thing while so many others turn the other way.
Seriously?? Waste more time and money.. yeah THAT restores my faith. Good Lord, ur just another 
Please support an independent prosecutor to .investigate Trump ties to Russia. Please put country before the Republican party.
CUDOS! First GOP to ask for a genuine nonpartisan investigation. He is, as ever, a criminal, see felonies judged in Nov. '16 alone.
Duh...
WELL DONE!
YES!  A little late but better than never and still better than most of the 'Pubs. #LockHimUp #IndependentInvestigation
Please act. That is your function.
As a former Alaskan, I say good, country before party. For a change. Now, don't do ur usual U-turn and wait for more R's to join the chorus
I would say the American trust of US Senate/FBI & main stream media are at an all time low. We want truth not shocking partisan hype & lies.
If you are really concerned you'd denounce the incompetence and stone walling and lies of @potus.
A patriot concerned with the welfare of the US would support and advocate for an independent prosecutor. There is no other reasonable choice
Then please do something. Protect the country. We need independent commission NOW.
Um, what exactly is conflicting, Senator? @POTUS himself admits giving Russia info and they refuse to release Flynn docs and he fired Comey
Thank you for finally showing some patriotism.  Can you bring some GOP friends over to your side?
While it's nice to know you are concerned, you were elected to take action.  Citizens have empowered you.  Impeach @POTUS  now!  #resist
you know 45's making a mess of our country and of our system of justice
i'm concerned about your concern.
Finally. I hope it is not to late for us.
Thank you and kudos for being the first GOP member with the 'balls' (I hope you see the irony here) to speak out!
IMPEACH IMMEDIATELY 
YOU PUT OUR LIVES IN DANGER
where is @senatorjohnmccain courage on this?
Then DO SOMETHING about it!!! You know Rep's are holding out hope this will all go away.. Quit stalling and do your job, FOR AMERICANS!
Thank you for your 'concern'. Please act upon your concern. Trump has shown to be a president for the elite and not for the marginalized.
Thanks, that's a start! Can you get other Sen to step out of the party and care about the country?
FINALLY.
DO SOMETHING!
Republicans will have to earn the public's trust.  It is not given.
So then do something about it.
Kudos to Ms. Mukowski-willing to eschew partisanship & recognize regardless of outcome, trust will not ensue without impartial investigation
As another Alaskan, I support and applaud @lisamurkowski for calling for an INDEPENDENT investigation of #TrumpRussia
The American people aren't that concerned. The Democrats are the ones saying all that crap but they didn't want one for Hillary or Lynch
At this point the investigation is compromised unless there is an independent investigation/counsel. That is the reality
Being concerned is good. But we need a fully staffed independent commission to go to the bottom of #TrumpRussia
Bout damn time
Good to know at least one Alaskan Female politician is smart and principled
#CountryOverParty
Outstanding. It's about time. Make it a Commission. And, by the way, "often conflicting" is a nice way to sum up the fake news and lies.
Do your job!!!! You have screwed Alaskans over so many times! Do what is right for once! #IndependentCommission
Good on ya Mrs. Murkowski it should not be partisan to want to get to the bottom of all this in a way the citizens can trust
Mediocre.  Weak.  Late.  What u gonna do about it?  U have the opportunity to LEAD for the first time.
Hi, Lisa. It's called an independent investigator. @BarackObama is available.  You should work for the good of the nation.
Well senator, you're well placed to start the ball rolling. Those who equivocate now, just may lose their comfy Senate seats.
Thx u, Senator. Pls, put country ahead of party. We need a special prosecutor. Pls, be a sane voice of reason on the right.
Thank you, Senator! I agree that an independent commission or prosecutor is necessary. The truth matters. Country over party. Always.
Thank you! The future of our democracy depends on an independent commission, beholden to no political party, in service of truth.
Finally #countryoverparty
Concern is the understatement of the day so far. Alaskans need you to stand up and stop acting like a scared lamb.
YAY!  AS A REPUBLICAN VOTER...THANK YOU!!!
Have you been in a coma ?
Stop tweeting about it and do something
Concerned? Your president is LYING every time he opens his mouth. Except when he's spilling secrets to Russia.
Don't "look into it" DO IT ALREADY!
Well then what are YOU going to do about it?
thank You Senator Murkowski!
I M all 4 special prosecutor right AFTER special prosecutor for Missing Emails, IRS, Lerner, Susan Rice, Clinton Foundation, Uranium sale
thank you!
