If U cannot support the duly elected PrezTrump, no respect for U.  I agreed with the prez as he waited for full information.
1 million new voters at the poverty level would put tremendous strain on resources.   Not Republican voters.  DACA is huge.
U ran on the Republican tckt. Not sure of Ur ability to see larger picture. ACA subsidizing is not a good plan. Repeal not replace.
Do you think that Donald Trump is unnecessarily and dangerously dividing our country?
I'm learning to ignore the President - that way I'm not disappointed. Thank goodness for you, Sen Lisa Murkowski ! You make me proud !
We are seeing Trump, unmasked for the man that he REALLY is. Unreliable dishonest, self centered, xenophobia, misogynistic, racist dangerous
Troll alert 
Hallelujah One of very few GOP leaders who had the courage to speak out and say what needs to be said Sad how few had similar moral compass
you sre totally wrong. I support Trump's interpretayion. Group w/o a permit & baseball bats? Het a reality check Senator.
like saying you should not stop hitler because he got a permit to kill jews.  not on the same plain right vs evil
Thank you, Senator. We may belong to different political parties, but as Americans and members of the human race, we agree on this!
Sen Murkowski: THANK YOU for speaking out against the white nationalists'  violence in Charlottesville, & calling out Trump 4 his response.
https://twitter.com/mustangmach1jmm/status/898776885508833280 … leave the #racistgop  join the @TheDemocrats
How many other Republicans will call out President Trump for blatant racism & moral failure. #charlottesville
That's funny, we had a RACIST President for the last 8 years and now you decide to speak out on inciting hate...Politicians !!!!!!!!!

73% Say Freedom of Speech Worth Dying For - Rasmussen Reports™ http://m.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/lifestyle/general_lifestyle/august_2017/73_say_freedom_of_speech_worth_dying_for …
Lisa..what are you thinking?SecHUD- Ben Carson revealed Wednesday that his Virginia home was recently vandalized with “hateful rhetoric "
When those who protested come armed with clubs and helmets they were there to protest violently against the racists
No Trump!
No KKK!
NO FASCIST USA!

#ImpeachTrumpNow 
#UnfitForOffice 
#DumpTrump 
#GetHimOut
No Sharia Law in America!
You're so prompt to condemn the president, and who condemns for your lies ? You campaigned to repeal ACA and you, LIED #ResignTraitor
Save the Rep Party by distancing it from Trmp now, if you wait, there won't be a Rep P left to save. Trmp-Putin, mafia ties coming out soon!
Thank you Lisa for having the courage to call Trump out by name. Many GOP do not, & voters WILL remember who stood up when Trump soon falls.
Thank you again, Senator Murkowski.
"We have the responsiblity to unite and heal our country." Murk advocates dangerous national "group-think", Nazi-esque thinking!
"...those views are not acceptable." Cowardly, dangerous statement, Lisa! Atheism, radical gays OK but not opposing statue removal! Wrong!
When will you condemn BLM and ANTIFA for the actions they take? When will you condemn Obama for inciting racial violence? Silence from you.
Bill, get a life, Obama never incited violence.  Read history of Nazi and ask yourself which side you would be on. Millions of murdered Jews
Murkowski Trump  MAGA-tweet was “no place for this kind of violence in America.” “We  ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for
GO @lisamurkowski ! Thanks for your bravery in calling out DJT. It will help your party to reclaim it's moral center. Thank you.
Would have been nicer if it was a personal tweet. But thanks for saying 45 was wrong, now proceed with impeachment. Thank you.
Thank you for leading with intelligence AND integrity - your courage lets me sleep at night . ALWAYS AFRAID for our country since Trump!
Sorry, you are wrong! There is equivalence! The issue is the free speech rights of protesters not their beliefs! May the Lord contend with U
Yes, you are a liberal leftwibf dem' who does not quote Truth but your lies and deception.
That makes them just as bad! They were left wing socialists who believed in using force  i.e. Comunists!
Well if anyone would know what wrong is it would be Alaska's second dumbest and least liked politician @lisamurkowski
It's unfortunate you outright lie or are blinded from truth due to special interest $$. Appears your followers believe the lies. #Soros
Yet you voted for Jeff Sessions...actions speak louder than words senator.
Unite with what Americans voted for. MAGA
leave the GOP; if not now, when?
Thank you.  Now convince the rest of your party's Senators to do the right thing.
Please keep standing up to Trump.  We need you.  You are a hero.
Re-Civil War a #DNC distraction after Russia. fix #ACA first. Like the #BuyInMedicare option, Mandate and Costs down for Working USA? Help
Too many in the streets brought hate and violence to #Charlottesville ; just as bad and totally equivalent to the Evil side. POTUS correct
Trump must be impeached now. He is tearing the country apart & will continue to do so because that's his plan.He has no ethics/morals/values
Thank you for saying trump is wrong. Few repubs dare to do so because the bully pres. will send mean tweets & say bad things. Can't ignore!
Will you vote for censure?
Democrats are bringing up MORALITY because they are EXPERTS AT IMMORALITY
BLM, ANTIFA, KKK & Nazis, are ALL inciting hate and division.  ALL OF THEM ARE INTOLERABLE.
Once again you are wrong. What he said is exactly correct. You can't group everyone into one faction. They had a permit to be there.
WOW ..Tim Scott, Bob Corker join John McCain, Lisa Murkowski, Susan Collins & Jeff Flake as GOP senators not afraid to speak up about Trump.
That's just bullshit noise to make you look good instead of actually do something about it. This is YOUR. PARTY. FIX. IT.
Thank you for being my Senator and speaking out on this.  It is just wrong.
Thank you for your integrity and courage.
Well-said!
Thank you Senator.
Thanks for actively calling out POTUS for his hatred and bigotry. You have the male parts that many of your male colleagues have misplaced.
Thank you for standing up for America again, and naming the President specifically. He is unfit. Please work to begin impeachment actions.
Thank you, Senator @lisamurkowski
OH SHUT UP!
Thank you Senator @lisamurkowski . I hope that you will also state that "The Confederacy was a bad idea" as part of this moral clarity.
"Those who took it to the streets" include those w/ masks, wearing black, w/ clubs. Will you Denounce them? #politics #lame #LoseReelection
Thank you, Senator.
Donald Trump does not represent you, me or most anyone beside White Supremacists. PLEASE do the right thing and remove him from office NOW!
Trump has no place in the White House!!!  IMPEACH POTUS and BANNON!!!
You are the leader we need right now Senator. This is your moment to rise up and fight for US.
please #ImpeachTrumpNow
Sen. Murkowski, PLEASE JOIN SEN CORKER and LEAD us out of this danger. Please speak out on Trump incompetence and CALL FOR ACTION. Thank u.
Don't ever back @realDonaldTrump ever in anything please
Thank you.
Thank you for being a voice of reason who stands up for what is right. Please push for Impeachment/25th amend. Trump is a Nazi sympathizer.
The only way to heal is to #ImpeachTrump The GOP is now the party of NAZIS unless you take a big stand. 45 is toxic and needs to go!
Thank you for your stance. Now it's time to #impeach
Thank you @lisamurkowski - diversity makes Alaska beautiful!
Unite and heal begins with Impeachment.
Legit response from a senator who has proven to be legitimate. I may not agree with policy 100%, but there are no questioning motives.
Thank you! Please take action. We can't wait one more minute. Time to #ImpeachTrump
well said, Thank you!
And there are those who should do their jobs . Hypocritical of you to pontificate .
Again U R wrong.POTUS didn't say that.U R missing fact that WS had permit.Soros groups/Antifa,w/o permits, came prepared to create violence.
The President did take a stand against hatred
Sweet, but not enough. He needs to go now what are you going to do about it?
The President said nothing "wrong'. It's people like you that turn words toward your Bias. Your words and actions are dividing our country.
thank you
Man you preach equality yet when the president says there was blame on both sides you condemn him for it? You're being hypocritical!
*Mam.     Sorry for the misspelled word
Where does good TRUMP soldier DAN SULLIVAN stand on this?
Please help us!  @realDonaldTrump is #unfit. He is morally corrupt & mentally unstable. He will not only ruin @GOP but our whole country!
Thank you for calling out "the President." Unlike many other members of the Republican party.
Please, support impeachment. We desperately need to get this man out of office.
Shut up  #DrainTheRhinos #MAGA Million Strong 
Thank you for saying so.
Trumps calls for violence, e.g. Venzla. NKorea, domestic policing, now this, requires censure+ impchmnt action now!
We applaud your strong words, Senator, but saving our country requires more than words.
Absolutely agree.
As a moderate (Independent) voter in Alaska, I am pretty proud of our senior senator and her moral compass.
Thank you for this! I think it's clear what needs to happen next. This country now needs to see ACTION. Get the ball rolling for #Impeach45
I cannot wait to vote you out of office ..BYE BYE
You are wrong He never said there was He said both were violent  ANTIFA is a violent group just look at their attacks on FREE SPEECH
Thank you for making him..he must be censured.
Thank you Senator. Your statement is clear, heartfelt and rational. We all need to united against bigotry regardless of who the bigot is
Thanks @lisamurkowski for being a consistent light in a dark time.
You are correct Senator Murkowski. What about Trump attacking on Twitter GOP Senators Flake, McCain and Grahm? Who's next? See Amendment 25.
Thank you for saying it like it is. Please take steps to #impeachTrump
Thank you for mentioning the president. Everyone else is just condemning hate in the abstract like he's not part of it.
Thank you!
Thank you for speaking out about this.
Thank you, Senator Murkowski.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Murkowski -- well said
Thank you Senator. I hope more Congressmen and women show the same integrity
Strong words must be followed by stronger actions.
What next @lisamurkowski ?
I agree. Speak to your colleagues & @repdonyoung about starting impeachment proceedings.
As an Alaskan, I second the motion to proceed.
.@lisamurkowski Thank you for this statement. Please continue to stand strong for #nation & #Alaska #NoHate
#StayInAlaska #URNotARepublican #URADemocrat #TellTheTruthByChangingParties #URNot4ThePeople #UR4Government #IAm4TheConstitution
Please become an Independent and caucus with the Dems.
Well said.
Thank you.
Thank you @lisamurkowski for speaking truth to power and calling out POTUS by name.  Now...where are the rest of the GOP leaders?
Thank you, senator.
Thank you.
Thank you! Let's come together and do something good for our country. #ImpeachTrump
Thank you Senator Murkowski. @realDonaldTrump
Thank you for posting this from your account and mentioning the pres specifically.
Please rebuke @realDonaldTrump ...#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist #ImpeachTrumpNow
Now that he's gone a pathetic step ahead of his earlier pathetic remarks, please get the GOPeople to move ahead with removing him.
Talk to your pals in the house. Urge them to sign on.  Write a similar note from the senate too. This MUST NOT STAND
We now have 47 members of Congress co-sponsoring this measure - just over 10 percent of the House of Representatives. https://twitter.com/RepJayapal/status/897508813695107072 …
Hopefully America will here that you resigned(Be the art of the deal and resign and join your buddy putin

U repeatedly fund a business started by a white racist that kills black babies for money. Maybe "take a stand" there, first, senator.
Support POTUS or WE Alaskans will vote you out!!!
You lie
You are a democrat. Join them already.
Once again, you show more courage than most of your @GOP colleagues.  Thank you!
Well said! I'm proud to have you as my senator.
Please call the President by name. He will continue to destroy your Party of Lincoln. Thank you for help during Healthcare.
you need to be working with the entire senate to #impeachTrumpNow
I appreciate you calling out neo-nazis but you also must call out the violent ANTIFA.  Everywhere they go they cause violence.
U R the one who is wrong,  people like U never talk about the VIOLENCE of ANTIFA and other such groups, Do U support the violence of ANTIFA?
If I have to have a Rep president, I would like it to be YOU.
Sad to see you misrepresenting Pres Trump's words.  It's possible to abhor Nazis, KKK, Antifa, and BLM.
Her are the so called peaceful other side. https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=share&v=lrNiPf4Kyxs …
I thank you too. But beware words without deeds. This is who your president is...
what the President said yesterday was Right!  Both sides were creating violence and both sides were condemned!
@SenDanSullivan Dan, you're up. You served to defend the freedoms of all Americans, not just white Christians Americans. Voter@99515
VOTE HER OUT... AND ELECT A REAL REPUBLICAN!
Thank you for calling him out. #courage
What's wrong  you betrayed the Republican Party Change parties actions on healthcare. Black lives matter ok to promote killing cops? Sad#
Then Amendment 25 at the very least needs to be invoked. He is unstable.
Actions are louder than words.
Thank you!!!
Calling out the Pres.? You continue to persist in exhibiting  integrity & courage. We'll done.
@lisamurkowski @realDonaldTrump @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP These #closetdemocrats must go in 2018 or disband the Republican Party.
Keep talking Lisa your political days are numbered. You will be voted out soon! The president was 100 percent right. Both sides were violent
You are wrong! ANY violence regardless of source or motivation is wrong.If you say you are against hate,it is harder to accept that violence
Thank you for being on the right side of history again.
Thank you for rebuking Trump directly. I am a Democrat, but I respect you immensely. I think you are an honest woman.
Thank you for speaking out and taking a stand. Your work isn't done & you have a long, tough road. Keep fighting for the right thing. 
Thank you for your courage!
Murkowski for President !!
I'm here in Arkansas once again giving you a standing ovation!! Thank you!
Senator Murkowski, My respect for you and your stances continues to grow. Thank you for your strength, compassion and sanity that Rs lack.
You continue to impress me with your wise words and your willingness to stand with ALL people. Wish more would follow your example. Thank U.
Moral equivalency was YOUR WORDS not his. YOU changed his word to suit your ORWELLIAN narrative. That's the new buzz word ORWELLIAN
what action do you want to see happen??
Thank you for holding the president accountable for his incorrect stance.  Congress needs to save our democracy!!!
Thank you for showing the strong moral leadership to directly address the Pres. Please share some of this courage with your colleagues!
Thank you. I cannot believe that this needs to be said in 2017
Thank You! @realDonaldTrump this is what an American leader looks like! #MorallyBankruptTrump
Will You do something!?!
Thank you for standing up to this racist and bigoted POTUS. @realDonaldTrump is a weak leader, putting our country in danger.
IMPEACH or 25th.......... 99611
You have no spine.
You are hearing and promulgating only what you choose. You are not discerning between what is accurate and not. You cannot read hearts/minds
POTUS made no such equivalence. He honestly recognized that two sides came to fight;US citizens have laws to settle disputes, not fights!
Dear Senator Murkowski. Thank you for your integrity in addressing this directly to the president.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you, Senator, for being a voice of reason & sanity in @GOP. If only the men had as much integrity as you and @SenatorCollins.
Agree!!!!
Actions speak louder than words. #censuretrump
You GO Senator!
Thanks for calling him out specifically. The ideas must be repudiated but also the man. Please continue to be a leader-the country needs you
When you're using violence to protest hate and violence you're no better than what you're standing up to.
Why are you giving a free pass to antifa and BLM?
Thank you Sen . Also thank you for specifically saying the President. The women of the GOP will need to lead the charge
Thank you again for doing the right thing for our country.
Thank you for including the President's actions rather than just the hate groups.
Thank you again Sen. for doing the right thing
Please show us you mean this by denouncing the head of your party and demand @realDonaldTrump #Resign silence is endorsement
Thank you for naming him. #Impeach45
There can be no healing, no uniting until @realDonaldTrump DonaldTrump is no longer president #25thAmendmentNow
Your NO VOTE on healthcare certainly did not help unite our country. Please RESIGN!!!!!!
Thank you for speaking out. You give me hope that officials can still rep their constituents over party & stand for good.
Just go away, you have no relevance.
You need to stop bowing down to these democratic and special interests groups .
Thank you.
Are you condoning VIOLENCE? President Trump said white supremacists are bad. He also said VIOLENCE is bad, but you didn't mention VIOLENCE.
Thanks for your moral leadership. Hope the GOP follows your lead.
Thank you for your words. 
I pray they will be followed by action.
Would you honor your office and apologize to President Trump for that comment based on a LIE. He never said they were equal except VIOLENCE.
You are such a Leftist Democrat. Hopefully AK wakes up next election cycle.
