You lied to the Republican voters and now you are a big hero with that Democrats. If Obama care is so great why don't you have it.
She does have it,  nit wit.
You're right she does have it  and the taxpayers pay for most of it. And if she voted against it you would be calling her a bitch right now.
Wow,  it took you a long time to have that vision. 
You OK?
I have something that's called a job and spent a lot of time working something most Democrats don't know nothing about.
Just got done reading the comments and it seems like you are a big hero to the Democrats and you stabbed  the Republicans in the back.
She voted how her constituents wanted her to vote. She's a public servant doing her job; it's not about party lines. It's about what's right
Umm, no. Good try though.
Lame response, lazy attempt.
No she voted the way Democrats wanted her to vote she,ran as a Republican against Obama care and she lied to the voters. Shame on her
Well it keeps my daughter alive and healthy I wish others would stop being so greedy about healthcare. Oh muh taxes! Sorry about sick kids 
Okay I'll send you my family's health care bill thank you and I'm sure you can't afford it
Can't afford them now thanks to Obamacare
Just wondering did you explain to her how you lied to the voters to get elected and once elected you gave them the finger.
once elected, she listened to the Alaskans who voted for her
Well that's 
she wasn't elected to serve you or McConnell...she was elected to serve Alaskans
She was elected to serve the American people
she was elected to serve Alaskans, which is why no one from any other state was allowed to vote for her
You're a national disgrace.  You ran on repeal and Replace.  Now my family will continue to live without medical coverage.  Thanks!
THANK YOU FOR STANDING WITH US ON HEALTHCARE!!!!
Bc no one had healthcare before Hussein Ocare? There is only like 15 million Americans that are on it. The rest of us pay penalties bc its 
be quiet. Who elected you???
Why are you exempt from obamacare
Help #WeThePeople

PETITION: 100,000 Signatures to Force #Congress to Use #OBAMAcare!
OUT!
If you were concerned with health why did you vote to keep obamacare
Still waiting for you to do something about healthcare as our prem and deduct are unaffordable after ACA was made
Was she one of the people you lied to so you could be re-elected  Did you tell her how you are getting a huge subsidy for your healthcare?
Stop it Lisa you voting against the repeal did not help her!!!!
What would repealing it do besides leave millions w/o health insurance?!
I was here bitching about not taking insurance away from millions.  I came back to say thank you. I appreciate your no vote.
Dear Obama HOLDOVER
We the people are coming for your job. YOU do NOT represent US 
Rush making you famous you duplicitous lying hypocrite
You political fakes sicken me.
My 14 YO granddaughter lives with T1 and needs Medicaid to survive.  Thank you for your vote yesterday!
Lying democrat in disguise. Nothing you stand for represents you were voted to for. Take that blue kitty back across the party line
I hope you are having a good 
Day. I am looking forward 
To your re-election campaign
So I can see the beginning
Of the end 4U Trump Train
Here's a fact, it's cheaper to pay cash for diabetes, including seeing the doctors, than it is to buy insurance.
Thank you Senator!!
why did you take money from the healthcare industries no wonder you wanted yto keep obamacare with sky high premiums.Corruption runs deep
#DIABETES reality tv doc u series comes in with big numbers,Airing now on Discovery life https://www.discoverylife.com/tv-shows/reversed/videos/reversed … Tune in  tues @7pm est
You campaigned saying you would repeal and replace ACA, and then you won't. Shameful.
Thou shalt not lié
Did you tell her you're a liar?
I know 3 people w/o insurance who take insulin at least 2 times a day and they pay less than $50  month for all their Meds, Go to GoodRX
You, madame Senator, are a passionate advocate for Americans' healthcare!
To those that attack Murkowski-you ought to know there are millions who will defend her!
@SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain It's all about caring for others! That's what public service is all about!! Thank you! #Advocacy
A cause dear to my heart and one reason I want #ACA to be improved not repealed.   Thank you again for your vote of No.  Please stay strong.
The Senator is only passionate about covering her own ass. Cares zero about her Party or Country!
Thank you senator for your no vote!
Mother to a Type 1 diabetic here. ONCE AGAIN THANK YOU!!!
This Democrat have a new found RESPECT for this courageous woman that chose principles over party!  Bravo
Trump will REMOVE YOUR BENEFITS so you QUIT and we re-vote. RINO!
Only an idiot would throw out "RINO" without any consideration of policy and facts! But you clearly voted for the would-be king of dumba...
You need to learn  be a team player and not a maverick/Obstructionist! You now own Obamacare!!! Unconscionable and unacceptable
Trump and republicans are wasting time they need to get their together and work with democrats
Don't vote yes to move another healthcare debate by mr graham. Let's get democrats involve like @JohnMcCain  said.
I want a selfie with @lisamurkowski!
Thank you @lisamurkowski for standing up for the people. 
you're a fraud and will be voted OUT you wont get elected dog catcher *middle finger
How much money did you get from George Soros? Traitor!
Thank you for contributing to this very difficult disease...
Really to bad you screwed him and
Everyone else with crap single payer
What the the Liberals give U
Money, sex, stocks the Trump Train is 4U
Billy, your premiums would have gone up another 20% and private markets further collapsed if Lisa didn't do what she did. Just thank her now
Shame on you Sen. Murkoliarski
Thank you madam senator for your courage!
Make no mistake, there will be a crushing political price to pay if you don't vote to repeal Obamacare. #FullRepeal
Thanks Senator for your Health care vote, now try and get them to fix it.
Thank you. Texan wishing I was Alaskan. Y'all are so lucky to have a leader that actually cares about their constituents! Pls have her back
Not a major topic today Lisa. Obama are is !
Again, many thanks, Sen. Murkowski, for stopping the Trump insanity of repealing health care. Also, please fight for the insurance subsidies
Hold Alaska strong!  No deal which betrays the American people.  People over politics! 
Getting a #bully to back down is often times showing ur not afraid of (him) them.
Thank you for your courageous vote.
Benedictine Arnold
Really claiming Murkowski is like Benedict Arnold? From the Trump side that has flirted with real treason? Mueller will determine if crimes
Trump will try to bully you especially because you are a strong willed woman. Keep standing strong on what is right. America supports you
Just want to say thank u, thank u so much
Thanks for your vote against the health care bill. You did the right thing.
#Thank you #Hero 
How about keeping your word?
2010: Murkowski urges repeal of ACA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GA09df_ekfA …
Why did u lie and say you were a Republican?
RESIGN TRAITOR! It is not only about you, it is about the US families paying through their nose your good friends in the insurance industry
Really? The Skinny bill would have caused the private market to collapse w/ no employer mandate. Mueller is investigating any real treason!
Oh but you also did something else this week. Something you aren't very proud of (or at least won't answer questions about)
Murkowski you are fake.... you don't care about any American or their health but yourself
And how terrific that you showed your full support for all diabetes victims to have access to health care!  Thanks for #ProtectOurCare
RINO HUNTING SEASON BEGINS 2018!
Covfefe, you are the ill-informed one! Congress get insurance on market. Skinny would have made ACA worse not better
Thank you for honoring Arianna by voting no on the #SkinnyRepeal.  The bill would have seriously impacted her ability to afford healthcare
You are sleazy.
Those that betrayed the country are currently being investigated by Mueller ... and we will see if he finds. Seems Trump is worried! Smile
Lol yeah sure he's gonna find collusion that clapper couldn't even find 
Well then Trump and you should have no worries about Mueller investigation! You all don't right?? Why is Trump running from it then???
Well good because Mueller isn't gonna humor the Administration- if there is no "there" there then Trump should cooperate. #TrumpInPrison2020
Thank you, Lisa!!! Pillar of strength!
http://watergate.info/impeachment/articles-of-impeachment …
Food for thought...
Big whoop!!! There are people dying just because there are no doctors that will take this sorry Obamacare !  I hope you lose big next cycle
Thanks again for standing up for the voters u represent
I will gladly donate to ur campaign along with many other Dems if trump dares to threaten to primary against u
So proud of you standing up early for the people over party. Thank you!
Where is your dignity? How do you sleep at night knowing your vote left people to suffer? I don't count because I voted for you. Only Dems?
Love the hanging behind you
Where is your soul?
Thanks for leaving us stranded with Obamacare. I can't afford my premiums and deductible too high to have surgery! Where is ur compassion?
Jessica, the Skinny bill would have made your sit. worse! 20% higher premiums + further collapse of private market. Lisa&Susan 4 good bill
Obamacare made my sit. worse. I didn't support it and I got screwed. Lost my Plan, Doctor, Insurance, Health, Savings.  Etc
Jessica, I get it and ACA needs to be fixed - in regular order after actual hearings and solutions, that is what Lisa wants and demands
Wrong, Obamacare needs to die, which we will watch gladly. It's on Democrats now. We've smartly washed our hands of that Completely now!
Thank you for listening and acting for American citizens w/ pre-existing conditions. Love from a DEM to you 
I have juvenile diabetes and cannot thank you enough for your votes against ACA repeal
Thank you for not being a currupt pos like most of the GOP
Thank you for listening to her! So many kids rely on care for the rest of their lives because of diabetes. #JDRFCC17
proud of you
We may not be of the same political party or state but you are a good woman. Stand your ground on what you believe always! Integrity

Why did Republicans push Sarah Palin as this phony badass Alaskan woman politician when real badass Lisa Murkowski was a sitting AK Senator?
If a grizzly bear attacks you, will you have health insurance to mend your bites.

List of the RINOs never to re-elect 
Rally today:  1000 people, many in wheelchairs, hoping to save and expand Medicaid/Medicare.  Per DJT, no one "laughing".  Scared to death.
Thank you Lisa!!!
American people need your service
You saved several lives thanks on the behalf of American people bravo
Thank U! You r 1 graceful politician who really cares. Not enuf GOP senators care enuf. Screw Carter/potus/Farenthold for being sexist pigs.
Senator I want to thank you for your vote.  I am so proud of you for standing for decency.
Conjob liar!
Thank you @lisamurkowski for doing the right thing for the people and standing up to the bully @realDonaldTrump!! You are highly respected!!
Did you tell her how your a traitor to the American people,How you sold us all out for the democrats,,
The possible traitors are currently being examined by Mueller ... and if there was any he will find it! Maybe you should crack a civics book
We love you Senator!  Thanks to you there's a future for improving healthcare
You're an embarrassment to the Republican Party.
Just like @realDonaldTrump suggested, this woman should be forced to have the same crappy insurance I'm forced to have!
#Obamacare #traitor
Appreciate you Senator. Thanks from Louisiana!
Thank You Senator for advocating for So many who need health care!! I am so proud of you!! God Bless You!!
All parents should ask any medical professional diagnosing/labeling child, do u know my child's blood type. Blood banks types for small fee.
I am sorry you have been receiving attacks for doing what is right. You are a hero. #Neverthelessshepersiated
Thank you again for your votes. My nephew has type 1 and he lives in a Red state that did not expand medicaid. I am a dem living in cali 1/
siding with democrats, thank god you old and soon you will be replaced!!
Thank you again Sen Murkowski for voting no on the Skinny Bill.
To bad you don't care about the millions getting screwed by Obamacare
clearly you are too ill-informed, Momdog, to get skinny bill was going to cause further collapse of private market + 20% higher premiums
Thanks again for standing strong against #trumpcare. Now kick Ryan Zinke's ass.
Thank you senator!!!
F'ing PATHETIC-DID SOROS HAVE U ON THE PAYROLL TOO
Thank you Senator Murkowski
Thank you from a Tennessee voter.
Thank you for being a true leader and fighting for what's right! You'll always have my vote 
Traitor
... and Mueller is investigating possible crimes of the Trump admin. If there is Treason that is where it will be found not Lisa leading
Ugh.  Do you listen to yourself?  You all repeat the same talking points. The same echo chamber. 

Possibly 
Conceivably 
Sources say
I responded to a bunch of ignorant people up here! Maybe if your side can go to High School civics class I won't have to repeat myself!
Type 1 is so difficult. And insulin shot up in price. Tough for young adults. 
Thank you Lisa my niece born with Juvenile diabetes.  Thank you for voting down repeal.
Thank you Senator Murkowski!!  JDRF is near and dear to our heart. And thank you Arianna!! What you are doing is super important!! 
Did she know you prefer Obamacare, which drives healthcare costs up, despite your false promises of a repeal? I say we #RecallLisaMurkowski
Thank you many times over for voting against the so-called skinny repeal. We love you (from New York City)! Hope for bipartisanship 1 day.
I so respect you! It takes courage and conviction. You are wise and you listen to your Alaskans. Blessed!
Planned Parenthood in action
Did you tell her that you switched from being a republican to a Democrat because you believe in killing babies!
Did you tell her how this will be your last term in office
Thank you from an Alaska voter.
You make  
To stand your country USA

I can speak English a little
I am korean
Thank you from a Democrat it's nice to know that you're not going to be bullied from the president
Alaskans c through all attempted propaganda and medical dependent jargon used to exploit AK as this Senators integrity failed
Let's put 13 women in a room and see what happens. Both parties.
Garden, agreed!!
Thank you Lisa. I live in Calif but worry about the sick and disabled. You did the right thing. I'm not on Obama care, but it needs fixing.
From a Kansan: thank you for your votes on health care. 
This week I let her down & introduced her to a person who was untrustworthy & would say anything to get elected. In the end who's word is
Of no value. A two headed coin! Voting for a bill that had no chance of becoming law on 2015 but not voting for the same bill in 2018 COWARD
When that bill would become law. Not the example I want for my daughter. But u had 2 others Collins & McCain so there was company.
Thank you for standing with your colleagues against the repeal, Senator Murkowski! Much gratitude from Illinois. And way to go, Arianna!
That's great Senator Murkowski
You're doing great work for the Communities of Alaska and for all of us
Thank You
Thank you Senator for voting no on Healthcare bill . The American people thank you and we won't forget
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you senator !!
no matter what humanitarian medical label exploited we know we are not bio-hazard research labs. End human subject research.
Thank you for supporting @JDRFAdvocacy @JDRF As someone with Type 1 Diabetes, I can attest to many challenges & costs (overt and hidden)
Arianna is so inspiring. Never too young to make a difference.  #JDRFCC17
Thanks Sen. Murkowski for all you do for the U.S.A.!
Thank you for helping us.
imagine how many diagnosed labeled as children, conditioned to believe western Rx is only way. Often without knowing ABO type
You are a shame to your state. RINO!
Youll have to wait till 2022 to oust her
Then recall the POS
Thank you again, Senator!
Thank you for saving our healthcare. #ProtectOurCare
She may need to do it again as crazy Trump is making threats to get his way.
I hope to heck he does exactly what he says .... evidently you make plenty of money .
