How's your #Obamacare working out for these kids and their families?  How much debt are you saddling them with?  Have you no conscience?
Probably just great since many clients are Indian Health Service. #notfromAlaska ignoramus
didn't you hear about the mandate?
If you don't know what the tax code says....not my problem.  #exemption Indian Health Service
Wonder why....hrmmmm.  Don't care really. Hope we're all done with it soon.
Completely shows your ignorance of Alaska, her cultural demographics and treaty obligations to tribes.  Off you go; return when u learn.
But Id rather the voting did not occur from a nuclear fallout shelter, ok? Just a thought.
Yuck.
Head start is great! I worked for them for years but Obamacare is horrible! I pay $1000 a month premiums & no help with Physical Therapy!
#25thAmmendmentNow
Together! 10.
Thank you for caring about Early Childhod Development. There are not enough politicians focused on the positive changes from this.
Did you share how you sold out to the democrats and their ideology of a one payer system in health care. #stolethechildrensfuture
That said I love your leadership style and will vote for you and support you next election. I think you are awesome.
How do you know what she’s done?

What happened to healthcare?
Thank you for caring about ALL your constituents, and the little ones who don't vote.
I am prochoice and care about children.
Anyone can visit local sights with a camera.....now be a senator and work to help the country........healthcare
Thank you for supporting Head Start & shining light on this great program. Love seeing the little ones too.
Lisa Murkowski is awesome
Obama care is good enough for us but not you. you have a luxurious medical program. Why Isn't congress on Obamacare w/o the 70% extra ?
Thank you SO MUCH for posting these blurbs about your work. It's easy to forget that some of our public servants ARE dedicated.
I follow from Louisiana just so I can see what a dedicated, involved senator looks like. We sure don't have any.
Same here. I've followed her from Arkansas for awhile now.  Her & Susan Collins have always been 2 of my fav Senators.  Need more like them.
#DefundPP no more tax payer money given to #ppact
You traitor,we will vote you out,watch
You need to stay in Alaska and we need to elect another Senator to go to Washington.  You let us down!!!!
So glad you see the importance of Head Start, and I hope you fight for its continued funding.
Thank you for your service, Senator. Ignore the trolls and continue to focus on the needs of the people. 
Thank God the GOP has a few women!
We need some adult supervision of blustering Trump who nearly got us all killed this weekend for no apparent reason beyond his own ego.
we need to vote Murkowski out to get the expensive Obummer care socialized medicine repealed!!
You're such a fraud. You spend tax payer $$$ on "staging" publicity stunts. You liar who has absolutely no shame nor patriotism.
We love you !! Thank you for putting the American people first before money & party
Aren't u special
You have failed please stop putting a positive spin on. Not supporting you now.
All u have done is doom future generations. U have no conscious. Wake up Alaskans.
We could care less Lisa. You screwed this entire country on health care. Can't wait till you lose your Senate seat. Liar. It's on video!
YEAH BUT THEY WON'T HAVE HEALTHCARE BECAUSE OF YOU YOU LIAR! dAYS ARE NUMBERED! REPEAL OBAMACARE, REPLACE LYING POLITICIANS!
Lisa needs to be voted out! #closetdemocrat
Why don't you just stay there ?
I am at a loss.... really you disgust me
Hats off to you for visit to Early Head Start. Proud of you and proud for the EHS center
Come out already
your values do not align with the GOP
Here's one politician that's actually doing some good for the country.
Love your judgment and work ethic, Senator!
Gotta have quality schools to integrate into or it's a stand alone fight. Fishtail the efforts so next generation is even better educated.
Just another goat in sheeps clothing always looking for the victim to build your base.  Traitor!!!!!!
These children don't have a bright future with the ACA monstrosity. You are a poor excuse for a GOP Senator. #VoteLisaOut
When is your town hall?
too bad that because of your sell out no one can afford any of it.
Well done too you . You care about the peeps you represent absolutely awesome. Many blessings.
Clare and I served on the CIRI board when I was chairman
HEY DT this is what it looks like when a Wo-lady face off with a bully she doesn't step back but takes two steps forward. Get use to ithead
Maybe after you leave they can teach them something about loyalty. Wouldn't want that concept to confuse you!
You're a badass!
You got the lowest approval rating of any politician in Alaska! Great job!
You might put repeal and replace ObamaCare on your agenda. It is killing American citizens with high costs.
President Trump has a lot of proof of voter fraud.
You're a Liar. #obamacare!
Thanks for all the good work you do - and MILLIONS of us appreciate you for saying no to Trumpcare
GRAND HYPOCRISY TO CHAMPION KILLING UNBORN BABIES while bragging about favoring education for the lucky ones who get born! Recall Traitor!
Thank you for all your work 
That's a joke
Love you ....Girl Power!!!!
Can you please tell @SenatorStrange @SenShelby  how to get out and actually meet with people around the state? We would appreciate it.
Thank you for your courage,
Fix the VA like you promised
I worked at a Head Start center for 7 years. Loved it!
I like that ok
Girl you go wherever you need to. Thx again for killing that health care bill written on a cocktail napkin at lunch! Country first.
