You look like nice women...hard 2 believe u are ok w what is going on behind closed doors in your party 2 deprive millions of healthcare
Medicaid is not cut at all it will just not get bigger. Illegals should not get medicaid.. Get better informed  before commenting
Really? Medicaid will get cut. But I'll definitely check with you before commenting from now on
Medicaid will not get cut . but it should , You do have to inform yourself .Medicaid is for poor people not lazy ones,
May I ask ...where should I get my information from?
I already read Washington post, prepublication, npr, politico, axios, the guardian, the Atlantic, NYT, business insider.
You will never get the truth from those publication. Try Fox news the patriot Judicial watch freedom Works Horn news
Enjoy your expensive lunch while my daughter and I are going to lose ALL our health care including meds, doctor visits, labs, ER care....
Losing "ER care?" How is that exactly?
She will get ER care she can't pay for and the prices will get hiked and I pay for it. We need affordable healthcare but not this AHCA.
Right. Or she'll be bankrupted trying to pay for it. This bill is an abomination. #VoteNo
You do realize this bill is still 97% Obamacare, and there are no Medicaid CUTS, only a reduction in INCREASE.
Liar. Over 800 BILLION in cuts to Medicaid
Patti, if medical inflation is 8% but Medicaid only goes up 2% can you understand how that hurts Medicaid recipients?
Where are you getting your numbers?
3 of you have power. GOP promised for yrs lower premiums and more Americans covered. Let's just do that. Take ACA, make it better, not worse
How about National get 2work day ladies we the taxpayers are paying u not 2display the stupid selfies but to get 2work on the ppls business
Thank you senators for caring about human beings & saying no to the GOP healthcare bill
Now if that will only #VoteNo on the #DeathCareBill
Women  of Sen stand up for free birth control. Best way out of poverty and to decrease abortions. PP keeps women healthy.
Learn to support our President!! Never heard public criticism from the Dems on Obama - on that front they have their act together - learn!!
I am very, very proud of you 3 politicians, as a female myself, for being STRONG on health care.. Bless you. PLEASE keep it up!!!
These women should NOT be celebrated. They should. It be given some memorial like Nancy Reagan they are Monsters like @BetsyDeVosED TRUTH
Shouldn't* damn Twitter
We are still stuck with insurance we can't afford and we can't use! Why don't you care?
How about we defund the baby killing ppact? #DefundPP Stand up ladies and defend life!
Not sure about Capito but what I see is democrats masquerading as Republicans
The three of you are more accomplished than @realDonaldTrump yet you allowed him to bully you!He is a pig to women & you shouldn't allow it!
I want to thank you 3 ahead of time for sticking up for the healthcare of millions of ppl. It means a lot.
Three GOP leftists who will be primaried before the next election.
You&ur buddy Sen Capito r hypocrites who vote 2repeal 2look good when u knew O would veto but now won't vote 2repeal when it really matters.
Then the GOP can steal the retirement, social security, that I PAID into since age 14. How can you sleep at night. I won't survive.
Obama Care is affordable for seniors like myself & my husband who can’t afford to pay more for a health care Age Tax this late in our lives.
Obama care was not affordable for me my deduct went from $3000 a year to 6000  i am on medicare.Working people can not afford Obama care
Senator, why are you standing by and letting Trump ruin America and the Republican party?
TrumpCare Is Fatal To Handicapped Children @SenSanders @SenWarren @maddow Vincent and I agree @RepAdamSchiff @tribelaw @billmaher @SenCapito
Cute selfie, ladies, but would be MUCH better if you were holding up a sign saying we vote NO on Trumpcare!
I am holding a sign no on Obama Care Working people can not afford it you must be on medicaid to talk so stupid so you pay nothing  Great
When is National "Don't Kill Your Constituents" Day? #NoAHCA
this may come as a surprise but WE didn't send you to D.C. To lunch with buddies and take selfies
Did you flip a coin as to who gets Mitch's free pass no vote?  Interesting the senators from 3 of the most affected states lunching together
The three of you are enough to apply compassion to the healthcare debate!
We need all of you to stand strong against trump care!! Our people deserve better!! Not to be thrown out like trash because they are poor.
Great to see strong women in the Senate. Now let's protect our kids and seniors, as well as the other 22M who will lose healthcare w/ #BCRA
@SenatorCollins has shown her courage and devotion to her constituents, moral courage and leadership. Be like your lunch buddy and vote no.
@PradierJ @JeromeDawson3 @_KJRB_ @JameseBowman @WickedestWitch1 @Dotty4Congress @Rcastro97669157 @WilDonnelly @Rosywillow @_KJRB_ @SenateGOP
@nancypeggy @Hope012015 @WhyohmeanMike @marthaj44 @PhilJSpinksART @HillaryUSA16 @RoguePOTUSStaff @KaraAiello @Evodio_Kalt @FishFunSun
We are counting on each of you to do what is right for the well-being of your constituents and vote against the Senate healthcare bill.
Show your power and stand against the Senate healthcare bill.  Take a chance -- all that you have is your soul.
Too bad the people of WV get screwed so your two friends can tell people in Alaska and Maine they will be ok. #SoldYourSoul
VOTE NO. My Senator Toomey is OK w drafting a disastrous bill in secret w no women. Disgusting.
Please all say NO to the disastrous healthcare bill because it isn't about health care at all!! Thank you @SenatorCollins
Senator, Jyst saw you on TV re. AHCA. You're my hero!!! My senators couldn't be any worse, Cruz and Cornyn. 
Nice #selfie but please #VoteNo on #AHCA it's a disaster & will leave over 20 million uninsured/I'll lose my #Medicaidexpansion insurance
It will be all on you if you vote for this garbage...
Please vote NO you're our only hope!!!!
GLAD YOU ARE ALL SMILES AS YOU PREPARE TO TAKE HEALTHCARE FROM MILLIONS OF PEOPLE.
Glad that you are enjoying time with your colleagues. Now can you band together & protect women's health & #KillTheBill 
#ProtectOurCare
I rest my case
Photo caption @ re-election time: "Look how wide these Senators' smiles are, thinking about how much Americans will suffer with AHCA."
Please stand strong and vote NO on the draconian #HealthcareBill before the Senate, twiking can't fix this mess
You girls know this health insurance bill sucks. Save our families!
Please represent women of all political affiliations and protect our access to affordable healthcare. The AHCA is cruel and devastating.
Even if you support this bill, which is hard to believe given how awful it is, how can you let @SenateMajLdr rush to a vote with no debate?
How can you even consider voting for Trumpcare. What problem does it solve besides putting more money in the pockets of the rich?
I hope that you 3 will save the country by voting against disastrous Trumpcare. Throwing millions of insurance for tax cuts is immoral!
I really really hope you are all voting no on the healthcare bill!
Ladies! Do not vote for the @GOP healthcare bill for if you do, there will be no one ALIVE to vote you back in office! #RIPAmerica #ACA
Why are you three allowing your party to do this w/out women in the room?
don't give in ladies. We need you!
Please, these are not ordinary times, and we need extraordinary bravery from you. Please vote no on the #BCRA
#WomenWillSaveUs
Do you know how many women and families are putting their future in your hands? Please, please, vote "No" on AHCA. We need you.
If you vote for this abomination of a healthcare bill, it may one of your last lunches as senators. Elections have consequences.
Please vote No on the senate health care bill. Thanks
I'm gonna take your healthcare and leave your family drowning in medical bills, but first, lemme take a selfie.
Please refuse to vote for a bill written only by men and takes away healthcare from women and children!
Hope you discussed how voting "no" together the 3 of you could stand up to Mitch, Paul and Donald to protect our country.
Please vote no
Please be the leaders & stop this bill. Work together w/ Dems on improving ACA. AHCA smells to high heaven.
Ladies please vote with your conscience and vote NO! #ReviseACA #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid #NOACAREPEAL #NoTrumpCare #NoAHCA #ProtectOurCare
Stay with us ladies! Protect women's rights.
Ladies - Please use your voices to vote NO on AHCA. Why not gather up 24 strong women from all parties and draft a real healthcare plan???
I'd much rather see the three of you celebrating your NO VOTES on the disgusting McConnell/Trumpcare Bill. Resist!
You ladies can be heroes by voting no on #BCRA. You should fix ACA & insure more people for less money, anything else is going BACKWARDS.
Please be strong ladies and show the GOP that you put humans before partisan politics. You are better than this. #voteno
Can you smart, experienced ladies vote NO on this bill??
Unless you're all voting no on the healthcare bill, it was National Shameful Day for you.
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE vote against the AHCA.
Hoping you will come through on HC. No Planned Parenthood, No Medicaid, premiums not lower. Many will be uninsured. Help them, please!! 
Please #voteno on this disastrous #HealthcareBill
Please vote NO on Trumpcare. #TrumpDontCare #Agism #DonTheCon #AgeTax #AARP
Remember all the Americans who are counting on you! Please vote no!
How can you support Health care bill without guaranteeing coverage for pregnancy, and planned Parenthood. Do you care about Women's Health?
Ppl with pre-existing conditions will have premiums so high, will be unaffordable. Millions will be thrown off insurance. Vote NO
As a woman I beg you to stand up and fight for our health care.
Please vote no on this bill that Robs from the poor and gives to the rich. It is bad for women, children, disabled, elderly. America B 4 GOP
I've heard:
#MurkowskiVotesNoAHCA
#CollinsVotesNoAHCA
#CaputoVotesNoAHCA
We need more like you! 
RT & Thank!
We are counting on you women to save our disabled children, parents in nursing home and everyone that Medicaid protects.
I know that you 3 independent thinkers can vote with your collective heart and not your party! 
If you don't do what's right. You won't have peace or happiness. That's not how it works.
PLEASE stay strong and fight Trumpcare! Women all over the US are counting on you fighting for us! #HealthNotWealth #KillTheBill #SaveACA
Pls protect the most vulnerable Americans from #Trumpcare. Save Medicaid!! Pls vote NO #BCRA 
Senators, vote NO on this horrible health bill! The people are watching!!!
Counting on you three strong women to stand firm against #TrumpCare and deadly cuts to Medicaid. Bad for women, bad for America.
Senators - you are the firewall protecting women and children of this country. Please fight for us
Gonna be the ladies that kill children and adults with disabilities and cancer?
DO THE RIGHT THING. TAKE THIS PLAN DOWN . COUNTRY OVER PARTY.
#VoteNo #ProtectOurCare
Looking great...vote no on so called Healthcare bill that dismantles Medicare to cut taxes for weathy
Please Vote No!  America thanks you!
Please listen to the voice of the people and Vote NO!!  We're watching very closely as to how you vote.
Please vote no on the senate "health care" bill. It's horrible for women, children and elderly. You know already though I'm sure.
Vote NO on #AHCA people's lives are in your hands!
We respectfully ask you all to vote NO on #AHCA. Please protect the most vulnerable Americans - #kids, the #poor, #disabled & #veterans.
All of you face a terrible opioid epidemic in your states . NO to Trumpcare
All three of you know that you have to Vote NO on the healthcare bill
Please vote no on Trumpcare!
Please stay strong and stand up for women, children, the poor and sick...vote NO on this evil bill. I'm begging you. People will die.
We need you ladies to stand up to the men who drafted this uncaring health bill.
You have my respect Sen. I am a democrat. You and Sen Collins are on my pedestal . Keep fighting for what is right
No on Trumpcare! It is a eugenics bill and the main purpose is to transfer wealth from the poor to the rich!
Great pic! Be the inspiration for ALL our girls. Defend Planned Parenthood's funding.
Do.The.Right.Thing. Not the party thing. Don't sign the death certificates of millions of Americans.
Ladies we're trusting you to do the right thing for America and vote NO on the Senate (non) healthcare bill...please!
Stand up to @SenateMajLdr AHCA will kill people. WV especially vulnerable.
you ladies hold enormous power. Use it wisely and vote NO on AHCA.
This lady is counting on ALL of you to stand up for health care. Real healthcare. Not this shameful abandonment of American ideals.
#voteno we need you ladies to save the elderly disabled and poor American families
Please think of other "selfies," and vote NO on @AHCA. #countrybeforeparty
When is National don't kill fellow Americans day?
My niece has autism. She depends on Medicaid. Don't vote for this heartless bill.
Vote no on #trumpcare
Vote your conscience. You know this bill is evil. Do the right thing. Vote no. Otherwise you will never be able to live in piece.
Please don't kill us! #NoAHCA
Vote No!

Well well let me help https://twitter.com/steventdennis/status/878792080549609472 …
Please please vote no on trumpcare bill
I hope your dinner conversation was about how the GOP health bill will desimate the folks who are depending on you to vote "No" #fixACA
This is the single video that could change the tide of the Trumpcare vote.

If you don't have time, begin at 5:20.
Vote No on AHCA & Ryan/Mitchell care, which will kill MM's of Americans. Why do Reps want to destroy "more perfect union" founders intended?
I work with seniors who have multiple major health problems. They are terrified of losing Medicaid. Pls protect people who are sick. Vote no
Please do not vote for this HC bill. Work w Dems - fix ACA together, affordable healthcare for all.
Tell me why you're Republicans?
This "health" bill demeans every single woman & diminishes our autonomy over our own lives & the lives & health of our children #VoteNo
60 yr old breast cancer survivor here who needs you 3 to stand up to those "R" men. Be strong, do what is right, vote NO. Make that hell no!
If u vote Yes to the cruel ACHA, u will destroy the lives & future of millions of girls & women-don't succumb to the pressure, the misogyny
I hope the three of you know millions are counting on you to do the honorable thing & vote NO. History will remember if you're brave. #ahca
Can't imagine anyone who is a mom voting for this bill. You can't care about any child if you do.
Volunteered today at a nursing home families are scared to death their loved ones mostly vets suffer from dementia please keep that in mind!
How nice that you get to go out and have a nice lunch. The poor, sick and old don't enjoy those luxuries-they are trying to simply survive.
What on God's green Earth are you smiling about????? The millions you will be paid to kill Americans??????Vote no or face God and explain!
Priorities?????????????????????? Do lives matter to you Senator??????????????
Please do the right thing with the healthcare bill. Many, many lives rely on your compassion and moral strength.
Please take a stand now. No need to wait any longer. This bill is disastrous. Written by 13 men behind closed doors. Come on ladies!
I hope one day I can point to this picture and say these women had the kahunas to vote against the Better Care Act. History will judge.
Powerful women! Please vote No for the new health care bill. Lives depend on it. It will be devastating to so many already suffering.
I am a Collins voter from Camden, Maine, who relies on the ACA for family of 4. I urge all of you to oppose the Senate health care bill.
Oh how fun for all of you. Now go VOTE NO on the healthcare bill please. Protect women, seniors, children, our country. Have integrity.
Vote NO on the horrible Senate TrumpCare bill please!
May all of you WOMEN vote no on this anti-woman, anti-child, anti-aged, anti-poor legislation. #CountryOverParty. We will be watching&voting
Millions of us are suffering under the burden of health costs. Can't make ends meet. Please help, this bill cannot be passed as is!
I haven't found ONE citizen who's excited + supportive of this monstrous bill. Please vote for people over party.
The "health" (tax giveaway) bill is just plain mean. Counting on you good women to kill it!
Your response to this was less than empathetic-we worry your vote will be toward giving rich people MORE $$ wow
The "healthcare" bill disproportionately HURTS WOMEN!  How can you stand by and let that happen when you have the power to stop it?
You all have 2 know deep down in ur hearts how cruel the health bill is. if u truly think tax cut is worth people dying, then shame on u.
PLEASE Senators! I am begging you ...do not vote for this cruel, anti-women, "wealthcare" bill. I don't need my tax break! We can do better
Step back & rlly think abt this: no mental healthcare now - take millions off psych meds cold turkey w/o ins - what do you think will happen
Any discussion about your #healthcare bill, ladies? Worried about your own insurance? ... your working-class constituents..? .. maybe?
Please do not vote to take our healthcare away
The three of you have the power to stop this and save hundreds of thousands of lives.
I wonder if they really care? wow
Never mind!
Was this just after the three of you ladies made a pact to sink this reprehensible bill? Not sure what else you all have to smile about.
Maybe it actually was... Sen. Capito and Sen. Murkowski, please follow Sen. Collins's lead! Your constituents will thank you too!!
You three can stop this horrible bill that hurts the elderly, poor and female most. All of t takes is three great women. Answer the call!
Thanks for voting NO on dreadful new health care changes.  Addiction, mental health, pregnancy, diabetes, aging shouldn't stop care we need.
With your fellow diehard Trump supporters? Why the blank check endorsement of "mean" AHCA that strips so many in Maine of health coverage?
Seems that even this woman's heart-breaking reality hasn't phased her yet: wow
Senators we are counting on you to Vote No. on rep health care bill !
ladies PLEASE stand up for us and vote no on the #HealthcareBill - we're counting on you! be a beacon of light in this storm for us!
I hope you made a pact to vote no on Trumpcare. Killing Mainers is not a good look on you, @SenatorCollins
Vote NO on this horrible bill!!!
Protect our access to healthcare, Senators!
We're counting on you strong women leaders to stand against the drastic cuts to Medicaid in the healtcare bill #ProtectOurCare #SaveMedicaid
How marvelous. Will you vote against this monster the GOP calls healthcare bill?
Do you ladies need help with reading the #bettercareforbillionaire Bill? Here is a summary by one of your colleagues
Going through this disaster of a 'health care' plan now. https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/SENATEHEALTHCARE.pdf …
All three women should vote NO on this harmful wealthcare bill that strips funding from @PPact Planned Parenthood.
It could just be that the three of you gals are the only hope that 23 million Americans have in keeping their health insurance #AHCA
Together, you three can put a stop to the rushed, counterproductive, cruel and disastrous healthcare legislation proposed today. Please do!
Together, you three can put a stop to the rushed, counterproductive, cruel and disastrous healthcare legislation proposed today. Please do!
I hope you ladies were talking about standing up for our healthcare!
You have good taste in friends. I respect their hesitation to the "meanness" of the ACHA bill. You 3 cld demand sanity over a tax giveaway.

U have r hlthcare in ur hands. A burdensome decision can b made easy. U kno the correct thing 2 do in ur heart.Take care of sick  & poor. TY
white you're having fun, please remember @SenateMajLdr isn't your boss. Your constituents are.
realized I made a typo for 'while' and yet it still works.
Please, please vote against  AHCA. Do you know how many poor, disabled & elderly people will be hurt & the middle class will be devastated.
Something about GOP alway voting in union & never caring about voters' wishes doesn't pass the smell test .. I will figure it out sweetie.
