Have a wonderful and restful vacation!
Traitor
I'm not Republican, but I'd vote for you in a heartbeat. You've shown you put the good of your citizens before the party line. Good for you!
You are a big phony
Thanks again for saving our healthcare!
We R voting u & all other non workers who Stahl at every corner OUT OF OFFICE,SENIORS & VET'S TRAVELING TELLING ALL GET OUT POLITICIANS NOW
Enjoy your hard earned break. Thank you @lisamurkowski !
Do the country a favor, stay in Alaska.
We don't want her she should go to Canada 
ANOTHER PAID VACATION FOR OUR EMPLOYEES, WHEN LOOK FOR NEW EMPLOYEES, THERE WORK SCHEDULE WILL BE SAME TAX PAYERS, WHO EMPLOY
You are a courageous heroine.
While you are enjoying yourself on vacation most of us cannot afford for healthcare and yet you vote to subsidize your insurance 72%
Thank you, Sen, for being a voice for ALL Americans & a role model for our young people. 
And, for wearing a helmet!
You deserve a wonderful break!  I hope your heart is full knowing the good you have done for millions!
You voted to repeal Obamacare in 2015. What was different now?
Awesome...when given lemons, simply make lemonade! Luv...
Look, she is in blue again. Be a democrat Lisa
Getting your next lie ready, give us a chance to pull the dagger out of our back.

Voting you out!  We want Trumps agenda, not yours.  Not a team player.  U have great health care but deny us. U voted to keep Obamacare.
2022 may seem like a long way off but  on the bright side- Each and every Anti Trump move you make lays the ground work for your defeat.
Thanks sen murkowski and libs we can't trust our media or our candidates.U now call into question our Democratic system.
Horrible vote . Obama care is over
OR NOT
Hi Seen Murkowski, I would welcome you to slide to the left, just a tad. You seem to align with moderate Democrats. Come on up!
Those kids pay $800 per month while you have illegal tax payer subsidized health care?
Thank You Lisa
Using kids as a prop? Really? Did your Local Communist Health Inspector shut them down for not paying taxes?
Stay where u actually are an intellectual equal. No offense to the kids fighting off ur crap so early. Alaskans. ???
You look so young and pretty!
Get off your bike and get to work for the Trump agenda.
You pulled the plug on progress for healthcare to be PC while millions suffer under weight of costs from ACA.Hope you & Collins get replaced
Yeah tan Alaskans  but here's to lots of snow this year. Keep Alaska healthy.
good, don't come back to Washington
Thank you for doing the right thing for your constituents, Senator @lisamurkowski !!
VOTE HER OUT!
You're nothing but a RINO...
Get back to work or be fired. Do not pay a dime to insurance companies pan handling to save Obamacare. Let OC die on its own and force D.
Instead of standing with Americans you stood with the lies and deceit of Barack Obama and the DNC. You are a fraud & a menace
RINO HUNTING SEASON BEGINS 2018!
Future CEOs. :)
I bet the lemonade was refreshing!
Thank you Senator for standing ground. Don't let loud detractors wear you down. Loudness does not represent majority.
You are wonderful Lisa! I wish you all the best in this world! You deserve it!

Looking great Senator! Enjoy your weekend.
You should be working on developing an affordable health care plan for Alaskans.
Those kids will spend that lemonade money on drugs !
good to see you are wearing your bike helmet; promotes safety to kids
Thank you Senator! You have incredible courage.
Thank you senator for fighting for the center of America. Both parties have moved too far from the middle. Stay strong.
Thank you for your vote Senator.
love the lemonade stand
wow Alaska looks nice.. thinking about moving to another country if trump is still president.. maybe Canada..
Get use to it. You will be able to enjoy it full time when you get voted out.
She is Alive and Strong  wiling to face down the fear for a thousand years she is the Messiah you have been waiting for
Sure was hot today.  Baking on the Kenai.  Thank you again for your HC vote.  Much appreciated.
I wish you were my state's Senator. But I know the good ppl of Alaska are deserving of someone like u who fights for their lives & families
This looks to me like Norman Rockwell material. Bless you.
This lady is a leftists!
Sen. Murkowski...thank you for your"no" vote. Now, come join us on the other side!
She loves you Lisa she is you Queen of Heaven and Earth
Wow!
Props for doing right by your ppl. I'm a WA state lib/dem but wd vote for you for   perpetrating good governance.
Damn.  10 hours to fly cross country?
Unfortunately there aren't direct flights to Anchorage. East coast to Seattle then layover then another 3 or so hours to ANC
You deserve some r & r! Thanks for all you do!
Thank you senator <3
Thank you again!!!
Hope you had a great weekend Senator....get some rest, you've got more work (civilizing the Senate) to do when you get back! Thanks!
Thank you for your vote. Thank you for fighting for people's lives and for showing real courage under pressure. 
Thanks for saving health care for millions of vulnerable!
LOVIN it ... glad you got a break from D.C..
You are a force to be reckoned with.  The not so silent majority salutes you!!
That's terrific!
Keep fighting the good fight, we may not always agree, but you most often do what is right.
You are so real and down to earth. Thanks again for VOTE. 
Biking is good. A RUN for President even better. :)

We need compassionate leaders...regardless of party.
You're going to hate these Senators when they give you a tax break, lower corporate taxes and bring back jobs from overseas.
U r awesome, Senator! 
Thank you, for serving Alaskans! I appreciate you listening to our phone calls.
I love that, your biz owns
