Empty words. Trump is unfit to lead our democracy. Congress must take action to impeach and remove! NOW!!!
if you mean this, initiate impeachment
Meaningless words. Do something.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=share&v=lrNiPf4Kyxs …
Disgusting do you not support the President at  all I'm calling you out for supporting all other hate Groups
If you believe this it is TIME TO PUT ACTIONS BEHIND YOUR WORDS. #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump #FireBannonMillerGorka #25ththe45th
Thank you.
Time to call out Donald Trump.  He has to call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism.
Impeach Trump!  You've done the courageous thing more than once since he was thrown on your doorstep.  Do it again!
Why won't you denounce POTUS for siding with white nationalists?You,all in GOP MUST demand his resignation. He is unfit. #EnoughIsEnough
Seems that equality only begins at birth for you, maybe you need to change you position on the murder of abortion. #AbolishAbortion
Your confidence rings hollow during this Presidency, sadly . YOU value equality but what about the White House and executive orders.....
Impeach please!
The time for pearl clutching over Trump is over.  #DoSomethingGOP
Not good enough! The voters are waiting for you to take a stronger stand!! You must DENOUNCE @realDonaldTrump support of Racism!
Senator you're not directing any message of condemnation to @realDonaldTrump! Will you take real action or stand idly by and do nothing?
But I hear there were some very fine people walking with the Nazi's and KKK members and white power members.  "very fine"
AND we're a country where EVEN THE WICKED have a voice! People elsewhere give their life for freedom like ours. At 62 STILL amazing to me !
PLEASE consider this President's fitness to serve: EVERY DAY we face new chaos and the potential for SERIOUS DAMAGE to this country we love!
Sen. Lisa, we NEED you to make a declarative statement putting POTUS, by name, on notice about his dereliction.

Sen. Lisa, NO AMBIGUITY
Stand up Against Trump!
This means nothing if you don't call out @potus.
Call your President out for his inability to stand with humanity.
Support our President
Did you support President Obama?

What will you do about White Supremacy, Senator? talk is cheap

Speak up for the people you represent!!!
Then you must take action against this President. You and the GOP are complicit in all of us unless you do something.
But we are not united! Potus45 is dividing us. Help this nation again. White supremacists are praising him. The time is now! #Impeach45
In light of Trump's return to moral equivalence, what are you going to do about it Senator? #Charlottesville
Thank you, Lisa, keep representing Alaska with dignity and standing up when lesser souls do not.
Call Trump out by name!
Sen. @lisamurkowski, we are grateful, but please take this a step further. Denounce Trump. Nazis are not Republicans.
Senator, the divisions grow deeper and I am concerned for our future as a country; you are in a position to help remove the unfit president.
Thoughts and prayers won't fix this madam. Say the words #ImpeachTrump
What bloody use are your thoughts and prayers? We need you to act against what the president of YOUR PARTY is doing. Act.
Lead! You're a senator! Call out the president on his remarks today! Stand for what is right. Now is the time! Ask for Bannon to be fired!
You must act. The president is supporting white supremacy and ALL Republicans who sit by and do nothing are with them, not us.
We need to hear your voice on today's comments by trump or his unwillingness to talkt to the families of those who died. Your voice matters.
How much longer will you & the GOP allow this POTUS to damage our country? History is watching. Do the right thing: #25thAmendmentNow
I couldn't agree more Senator. Which is why it is now time to do your job and remove the bigot holding the Presendency. #ImpeachOrResign
Thank you Senator for your high moral ground and independence....
Senator, as one of your constituents I would like to know how you & GOP are going to respond to Trump's horrifying recent statement.
The President of the United States basically just defended the white supremacists in Charlottesville. This is unacceptable.
Most of the statues in question weren't erected until Civil Rights Mvmt, to intimidate black ppl. Not to honor history, but to honor racism.
Trump's unwillingness to unequivocally condemn white supremacists, even after they've murdered people, has to be answered. Don't sit by.
Nice.
Thank you Lisa.

Dan?
Bill?
Don?
You guys tolerate racism in our government?

Hello?

@SenDanSullivan @AkGovBillWalker @repdonyoung
Words only go so far. I see the strong woman you are. @SenatorCollins too. I've known that for a long, long time. WE NEED ACTION. #WomenLead
you should run for president
Thank you. That was an unambiguous condemnation. A pity the president doesn't know how to take a strong moral stand.
A healthy United States we unite not divide I am so thankful for president who is doing just that for those who want a healthy USA
I'm so proud of our president for coming out against white supremacists and every bigoted violent group
Our president forcibly denounced all hatred and bigotry I have lived in Alaska for 40 years There is no room in a healthy USA for bigotry
Once again you have shown to be a true leader......Alaska got it right by having you represent them.
CONDEMN THE DEMS THAT RUN THAT CITY, IT'S THEIR FAULT FOR ALLOWING IT TO BEGIN! #LAWANDORDER



Your a fool, lady. If u had any sense, you'd see a far left activist funded and bused in hundreds of Antifa into Charlottesville
thank you for this well said response! wish more folks could use words, not cursing!!!!!!!!!!
Did you repeal Obamacare yet, Senator?
And you should do your job! Can't wait to vote you out!
You are a dingbat.... do you say this when BLM burns down towns and hurt people, you are the cowards not Trump
You sound just like POTUS! Funny, establishment isn't attacking YOU!

Be appalled by the toddler in chief
5/ violent and deplorable ways. He is complicit in the actions that took place in Charlottesville. And this is more than "sad!"
4/ what and who he endorses. He is changing our country in terrible ways. He clearly is racist and a bully who encourages others to act in
3/ makes them as complicit as he is. His delayed statement said more than his words ever could. He has made it clear exactly
2/principles that most people in our country endorse. He is not it! And the silence and excuses that are made on his behalf by congress
1/ This president has made it clear since his campaign that he endorses this kind of racist violence. Congress needs to stand up for the

Love is the answer
Our worries are that our president doesn't believe that. Does he feel strongly about any closely held moral code?
Why won't you #Defundpp and stop supporting already
Thank you!
Thank you for your statement.  You should run for @POTUS ASAP!
She would never get to first base! Everyone outside Alaska thinks she is kooky
@realDonaldTrump courted these assholes and still wants their support. He is acting (cont) http://tl.gd/no1fba 
Coming from a women who betrayed the American people
thank you for your voice.
I appreciate your comments but I'm afraid your boss does not see it that way. Trump is a bigot and a racist. He won't even fire Bannon.  Sad
Agree. Where have you and most other Senators been during Obama admins attacks against police, Catholics, Evangelicals & Jews?
Now do the right thing by single parents and families you are screwing on healthcare
Amen...too bad Trump doesn't feel that way! He emboldens them! Look at their websites! There WILL be more!!
I applaud your stand on racism and white supremacy! Let's work together to restore the Voting Rights Act & end voter suppression!
Please stand your ground and do the right thing...
All do respect. You won't repeal Obama Care but you weigh in on this. Do you know what you are doing. Now not voting for you!!!!!!!
So you're opposed to someone speaking out against white supremacy?
Fight Fascism!  #AmericanUnite
Your party must act.  Words r good, but American democracy and decency need GOP to do more
Heather Heyer & Ken Frazier sadly join our "Heroes" under the most tragic of circumstances. GOP must act. #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump
At best, @POTUS is a Nazi sympathizer. Call him out Senator.
99577 voter
#Charlottesville #NazisIntheUSA
Agree! 99508 Voter #FireBannon
Thank you, Senator. Also, please put pressure on the WH to #FireBannon .
Nice sentiments. I'm sure you mean them. But the Republicans own this, the rancid fruit  Nixon's southern strategy.
Your party welcomed bigotry into it's ranks with the rise of racist hatred for Obama. You broke it, you bought it. Deal with it.
How can we fix this?
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Remember let's make sure we thank the Democrats for forming the KKK in the first place
I'm tired of explaining the REAL history. Maybe this will help 
As Malcolm X said the Democrats are your enemies
Thank you again senator. You never cease to impress me these days! 
I'm with you, Lisa.
If you're so worried about life outside of Alaska you would have voted to repeal Obamacare
Yea.....but it's what America was founded on...hate.....murder.....rape
Can you please run for President?
What the president should have said on Saturday and didn't.
If you are so dedicated for us all to live as one DENOUNCE Trump & his HORRID Trumpcare and INSURE WE ALL HAVE HEALTHCARE DESPITE OUR INCOME
Remove the bigots in my White House. #FireBannonMillerGorka
Who bused those people in, Senator? Yours and other senator's comments are a dime a dozen. A bunch of #talkingheads with ineffective words.
You are thanked from the bottom of my heart for this declaration of the new American Dream!
Thank you. Please pressure the white house to dismiss known white supremacists Steve Bannon, Sebastian Gorka and Stephen Miller
Not a chance
Videos on youtube show Planned Parenthood killing living breathing babies outside the womb. Needs to be defunded
Videos on YouTube claim that the WTC was attacked with lasers, not planes. You need to cite a more reliable source
It was fact checked. Have a nice day!
It was indeed fact checked. The facts prove unequivocally that you are incorrect. Those videos are fake.
Thank you senator
Thank you for continuing to support the American People.
THANK YOU!!!
Thank you Senator for being a leader!
Russian bot.

Psycho.
