Would have meant more if he'd voted no on the motion to proceed.
Great moving speech
McCain sure talks a good game, all right.
Most con artists are good at hiding their true colors.
But when push came to shove he held his ground and did the right thing....I'm proud of him for it.
I take back what I said about him. What he did was actually brilliant. /1
TrumpCare's deader than it would have been if he'd voted no on the MTP. He schooled McConnell for his underhanded tactics. /2
He literally reduced McConnell to TEARS and, with Murkowski and Collins, has destroyed McConnell politically. /3
You let us down today
Nah, she came through.
That is right, She is a democrat. Time to vote this turncoat out of office.
Nah. She's conservative that is using her knowledge and subject matter expertise to ask tough questions instead of getting swept away.
I'm curious that she voted repeal when Obama was POTUS but now that it would get signed she voted no. Two faced? Liar? FAKE for sure.
Or her state's circumstances changed. AK expanded Medicaid in 2015 after the repeal vote. Repeal now would hurt AK much more than in 2015.
Riiiiiiiight! I'm all for private insurance when it has zero chance but now it's sure to get signed, things are suddenly different. Riiiight
Thank you for sharing that.
I guess enemies of the United States like Murkowski and McCain find confort in each other while trying to cripple the country..Traitor.
Thank you for posting this.
WHY did you vote ahead of @SenJohnMcCain on the #healthcarebill He stepped out/you voted out of alphabetical order - Diabolical plan
At this point, arguing for "crossing the aisle" = capitulation to Dems to lead rather than the GOP who were elected.  Backing a dead horse.
He will get the best care for his Brain Cancer. He doesn't give a shit about anyone but himself. He didn't starve as a POW. No Hero.
Spineless liars both of you.
2010: Murkowski urges repeal of ACA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GA09df_ekfA …
McCain Stands for Seniors and Vets and Disabled,,, STAND STRONG SENATOR  Im Glad you have INSURANCE from Tax Payers. Be Well Soon
Bull!
McCain you suck
@POTUS Not at all. John McCain is a traitor to this nation which is outrageous. There must be TERM LIMITS; U are ONLY interested in power!
TRAITOR RINO!
#regularorder
Yes. You and McCain led the way in dropping the ball for the greatest constitutional victory of this generation: Repeal. Shame on you BOTH.
why are the Republicans the only one who wants bipardison.  I think it's because we have trojin donkeys in our mist.
I guess the bigots flock together
This lady is an idiot if she thinks John McCain was serious...he gave reelection speeches like that all the time.
This lady is an idiot if she thinks John McCain was serious...he gave reelection speeches like that all the time.
He is a traitor!
Sorry Mccain is ill but you all are double minded. Promises made in 2015 elect us we'll repeal Obama care. DOUBLE SPEAK. CAN'T BE TRUSTED!
Thank you for your vote tonight.  You did the right thing for the country.
Supporting Socialism?

For someone who claims to be independent, all your positions and ideologies align with the left.

#leftist
I don't care to watch hypocrites and liars
Thank you for standing up for the majority and taking care of our healthcare needs. Much love to you.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for "focusing on governing" and not rerelection.  We the people are deeply grateful for all you do!
You and @SenJohnMcCain are traitors & liars.
Thank you for your no vote. McCain, Collins and you voted your conscience, saved Americans everywhere, plus you served your constituents.
Yes. Spoken by a truly honorable man. You, John & Lisa have my utmost respect for doing the right thing & voting against the healthcare bill
Bless you Sen for your courage and integrity, you saved me and my kids lives
FO
thanks to leaders like Mr.Mccain and Ms Murkowski who have put the will of the people above party politics. There IS hope still. TY.
Thank you! You SAVED American LIVES!   Your effort was Heroic!  You are a Great American!
#CountryOverParty
Drain the swamp!
Senior Murkowski, Bless You & Thank you for your vote last night. U literally saved the lives of countless people. HELP. Save us from Trump
Your courage, leadership and dedication to the Constitution of the US was no less inspiring.   Help America upgrade ACA.  We need you!
McCain is a traitor and liar, as are you. We will pay you back in 2018. You might not want to decorate your office much more...
Seriously... why don't the 2 of u just switch parties? Not joking. Wldn't it b easier to just pander to democrats than lie to conservatives?
This is the supporter of isis...you part of his club?
You showed more courage early on.  Sue that orange thug.  The country is behind you.  Dave Bristol Bay.
And @SenJohnMcCain HEROES!!!   ! 3 republicans stood up!
@linkipod McCain is a traitor and so are you you have no idea what you have done to the poor American people. God help you 
The man has a brain tumor for God's sake.  Able to think, he is not!
The only words I ever want to hear from that man ever again are his last wishes. Oath breaker, coward and a traitor
As usual he has to show boat for attention. He also has brain cancer. He should not be making decisions affecting us
BRAVO Senatore Murkowski. You stood tall, didn't waver and you honored your constituents wishes.  You will have a long well deserved career
Let's focus on moving forward with #bipartisan solutions because the Country needs more WE. People are engaged, so show us #HowWEcanHelp
All talk... where is the action??
Thank you, Ma'am, for being the voice and vote for the citizens of our country. We applaud you!
Your vote is meaningful and moving as well Senator Murkowski. Thank you. 
Standing up for the people rather than the party when it counts makes you a hero. Lets get more courageous women in leadership!
YOUR leadership is to be commended by posterity.
Thanks for your votes saving ACA.
Thanks to u, Sen. Collins and McCain millions of Americans benefit. While Trump aims to wreck ACA, we need bi-partisan cooperation in Congr
Thank you. Much love and prayers for you and your family.
You and your sister senator are the true hero's. You have more to lose. We won't forget
thank you for caring about people more than party.
Thank you.
Thank you for not repealing aca. My brother will continue to live because of you.
As a lifelong democrat, THANK YOU, Senator.  Thank you for saving thousands of lives. Thank you for doing the right thing for so many!
Thank you for standing against the skinny repeal and standing up for Americans.
Thank you for sharing this. We can only pray your colleagues will listen to his profound words. #CountryFirst #StopBickeringStartLegislating
Yeah thanks...i love watching 2 old washed up Swamp monsters ratify Obamacare and blow the chance you promised for 7 years. Socialists.
You and Ol Johnny need to retire...won't be long until you are voted out....Hoping and praying Sarah Palin primaries you in 2022....
Senator Murkowski, I don't know how to thank you for your votes against a terrible, dangerous bill. Thank you. God bless you.
thank you for voting country over party
Thank you so much for your vote on health care, Senator.
but you are also a hero; thank you for your work to protect #preexistingconditions,  #Children, all who benefit from #ACA, #adaptandresit
Terrible that you 2 turned on the American people!
Thank you for the courage to vote for #CountryOverParty. Wish more Republicans showed the backbone that you do. #Resist #ResistRepeal
Thank you for standing your ground amongst immense pressure.  Millions of people are indebted to your courage.
Thank you for placing the needs of your State over that of your party. You are a such a strong woman. You inspire so many.
Thank you Senator for standing up & choosing common sense over greed! You're a hero and a great American! #susancollins #ThankYouMcCain 
Thank you
Thank you @lisamurkowski - You've given many Americans hope that someday we can all work together to find a better way.
@SenKamalaHarris and Murkowski 2020! New R&D party. Stands for Real Democracy instead of partisan bullshit @GOP @DNC
Thank you for standing strong and putting people over party!
Tha
Traitors love traitors. You watch it while I work my ass of to pay ridiculously high premiums. #Traitor #Voteherout
Thank you Senator Murkowski for your courage in opposing the repeal and replacement of the ACA. Now let's fix what we have already!
Very powerful & moving ACTION from Sen Murkowski. I thank u for yr NO vote on disastrous repeal of ACA. May Dems +Reps achieve real reform
THANK YOU for helping stop this arcane and nonconstructive healthcare bill!!!
sorry! U & McCain are obstructionist
Thank you Sen. Murkowski for voting against a harmful bill. You put country above party & you stood up to a bully out to hurt your state.
This Missouri progressive thanks you, Sen. Murkowski, for your steadfastness & courage in voting down the unconscionable HCFA.
Thank you for your NO vote
Thank you for your service! @lisamurkowski
Thank you for your vote to not leave us without healthcare 
Thank you, Lisa Murkowski!!
#SenatorCollinsSenatorMurkowskiSenatorMcCain#TheWinningTrifecta
Thank you,Senator! You did not let us down!!!
Thank you for your vote.
THANK you, Senator, for putting Americans first. You showed courage. #Healthcare4All #KeepMedicaid #HelpAmericansDontHurtThem
Thank you! I'm an independent in CA and I appreciate your vote & courage.
Thank you for voting against repeal.
Thank you for the courage to represent good for the average Americans! Hopefully you will inspire your fellows!
Thank you seems inadequate to express gratitude for your integrity and vote.
I am not a constituent but I am an American..a THANKFUL American. God bless you, Senator.
YOU are a hero, senator murkowski. Thank you for listening to your constituents and doing the right thing.
@SenatorCollins  Thank you for showing courage to protect the healthcare for 10 of millions of Americans.
You all deserve hugs! Thank you for being an American, not a party.
Not so much.  Time to send him into retirement.
Thank you for being a fine human, a patriot. I hope you will lead your party out of darkness - and thereby help save our political system.
You practice what McCain preaches - he doesn't
Senator Murkowski,  Thanks so much for your two compassionate and courageous votes for healthcare for vulnerable Americans!
Thank you for your vote to support healthcare for children, disabled and all americans
Thanks for voting no
Senator Murkowski, thank you from all of us for voting against the repeal of the ACA.
Your career is over, Lisa.
I hope whatever porcine payoff you got for your No vote last night is worth it for your constituents.  Thanks for selling the rest of us out
Thanks for your vote!
Great job Senator!
YOU are an American hero.
Thank you for standing up for the people and not for the party.
thank you for voting no
Grateful to all 3 of you for your strength and principles
Thank u for ur vote. U r a hero
Senator, thank you for your vote!  You are a true leader!
Thank you for voting no! God bless
I find Republican women standing up to this bully of a president very powerful and moving. Thank you.
Thank you.... you and the two other senators are my hero's!
While you sold Americans out w/Dems! OBAMACARE: New York Couple Jumps To Death Out Of Despair Over Health Care Bills
Thank you to you, Senator Collins and Senator McCain. Women thank you. America sincerely thanks you all for your NO vote on SkinnyRepeal.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for putting Americans first.
Senator Murkowsky - WELL DONE!!
Thanks for voting against this bill!
John McCain a hypocrite songbird
That's ok cause just like u ended the replace of Obamacare is exactly how we will replace YOU THREE SO ENJOY IT WHILE U LAST
@lisamurkowski Thank you for being an American before a Republican. Your courage and integrity is remarkable and very much appreciated.
Lies, lies, and damn lies.
Thank you Senator! Please work towards a real HC bill that doesn't take away from the people and give to the wealthy. Your courage inspires!
Thank you senator for your courage -unwavering support of the American people and the people in Alaska. We applaud you!
I'm an RN in AZ. Thank you for having the courage to do the right thing for the right reason!
You showed courage under fire as well!
I admire all 3 republicans who that resisted the hatred that has become our party.   Please put Trump in his place senator.
You stood up for LIFE. You stood up for #EconomicFreedom You stood up for #AmericanValues Your courage saved lives. Thank you.
No thanks.  You and McCain and Collins are deplorables.  Why don't you make it official and register as a Democrat.
Thank you.
Thank you again for your vote and your courage!
Thank you Senator for your no. I am covered under Aca in Calif. had a one week hosp stay, $75k. Cost me $5k. Would have died alone.
Thank you for your principled vote on healthcare reform.
.@lisamurkowski thank you for your courageous vote late last night #truepatriot
You are a liar & a fraud. You will be voted out. 

#FullRepeal 
#AmericaFirst 
#Trump2020
Thank you for your courageous stand, Senator.
THANK YOU!!!! 
My sincere thanks for your vote on this matter. Factually, you've saved my ability to have a roof over my head and still be healthy.
Thank u for your honorable vote, you are my hero!!!!
Thank you.
Thank you for your no vote on skinny repeal. #brave.
Reps are not mine but thanks for your vote for the people! Healthcare for all!
Proud of Lisa, Collins and McCain!
Thanks for YOUR powerful actions. This American from CA appreciates your and @SenatorCollins consistent courage on behalf of us.
Although Senator McCain deserves huge praise for last night's vote, I need to tell you that you and Susan Collins are absolutely awesome!!
Thank you for putting your country before your party Senator. It would be great if we could all work together
