Find a backbone.
Aaaaaa-men!
Please don't use the words fake news. It casts doubt on the media & promote distrust.If there's mistakes,just correct them. Time to unify .
Using #FakeNews back at RW weakens their power suppressing truth. It's totally appropriate to fiercely call out true fake news. Fair play
I've seen fake news, but it that turns ears off.Just correcting the record allows for open discussion without negatives attached.
In a better world you're correct, but the people who attack are not open to discussion. RW are not nice and they don't own our language.
The RW are the ones who are attacking the media&Trump uses fake news to attack it.We need to take power out of those attacks, not add to it.
How?
We must protect free press&work to change Trump's message that it can't be trusted.Should expect high standards from media.It's our watchdog
Thank you for putting your constituents needs above those of the GOP party lines. Every lawmaker should do that.
Well that is too bad that you didn't seek them.  It's also too bad that you would adopt Trump's "Fake News" quote.  #CountryOverParty
I'm pretty sure Sen. Murkowski has shown she values country over party. Her using the words "fake news" doesn't change that. 
The RW doesn't own the language. Liar, fake, phony, r not owned by them. They've twisted language to shut us up. Trump's lies r fake news.
Please provide documented evidence of his lies or we will have to relegate your post to the pile of anti-Trump gibberish spewed by the inane
Read a few newspapers,all there; front pages, editorials. Lies mostly to supporters pre-election. Losing ones who can sctually think. Bye
It is not becoming of your grandness to employ the trumpy slogan "fake news". Please, please resist associating yourself with low actors. 
Sen Murkowski, you're better than the "fake news" tagline.  No need to stoop to the dog whistle of the Trump administration.
Thank you :)
I think that outright lying to the publuc especially for devisive reasons by thd potus should be an impeachable offense.
Senator Murkowski thank you for your service to the people of the USA. This potus does not know how to serve He likes glorification
The problem with your tweet is, that she does not work for the people of the USA. She should do what the people of Alaska want.
I trust this statement about as much as I trust your statement to repeal Obamacare. Liar!
If libs want to praise you for this. Take it. More doing the right thing and protecting America.
You should support the President!
She should support her constituents. She doesn't work for the president or her party she works for the people.
Does this mean that you would be OK with him making recess appointments?
I would've been proud of you if you were to blame. Again, I appreciate your vote on healthcare.
You voted to repeal ACA in http://2015.You  voted against it when you had a @POTUS that would sign it into law.Did Dems use you 2x's?
@SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain Regardless of your views your block of health care cost the nation & the whole GOP.  It was UR own fools game
Why protest so much? It is a GOOD thing to stop his recess appointments.
It's called being a woman in a position of power, unfortunately. Also, she's got a bit of a target on her back, along with Collins
Big target on both . Rightfully deserved.
Amazing how most of your supporters are either Dems or not even in Alaska. That says alot.
You not fighting for our @POTUS is tantamount to agreeing to do it. You are a closet Dimm. Corrupt and unethical.
I forgot you are a REP. you sound like a den with your moral equivalent statement. Did you vote FOR MURDERING innocent babies too.
Dems wouldnt adjourn without them?I thought Republicans were in charge?Oh my bad you vote with the Dems.
I agree with you 100%, but can we lay off using the expression "Fake News"  - Even when used correctly it is destabilizing.
trump 2020
SIGN PETITION TO REMOVE @lisamurkowski BEFORE HER TERM ENDS IN SEVERAL YEARS
STAND YOUR GROUND!!
Alaska needs to repeal and replace you!
Is it true or #FakeNews that you killed the #healthcarebill because you didn't like the phone call w/#POTUS are you letting #MSM use you?
maybe you shld become a demacrate.  You sure act like one.
It was suggested that since you have not done what you PROMISED your constituents in healthcare repeal& replace you work 4 free until done
Yeah if anybody beleives that.Ive got Desert land in Alaska for sale
Senator Murkowski the adults in the room aren't so suspicious & willing to assume the worst You did as asked TY
Given the fact you lied and said you would repeal Obamacare to get reelected I would say your credibility is shot. Liar.
Take the credit. You already screwed your political future in the Republican party by standing up and doing the right thing with Healthcare
You are a RINO Senator because your father was a senator. No real qualifications. What you did about Oblamea care was disgraceful. SHAME-SAD
I heard about his FERC choices.  That entity helped we environmental activist win a couple of law suits. I dont see that happening again.
YOU DID GOOD
Be strong Senator.
They're coming for you but pls keep doing the work of those who elected you. #persist
Yes you were trying to cause problems for The President once again.U dont represent Alaskan values anymore.We will remember...
Don't go away mad.  Just go away
Don't reelected her
You're a traitor none the less, and should resign to make way for a real conservative Republican. Alaska deserves better.
Millions of Americans love you Senator Murkowski....God Speed
Whatever. You're a GOPe fraud.
You are my hero. Never stop fighting!
Do you really need to respond to 'play-by-play' miscalls?

If everyone just kept focusing on being effective; they'd not have to worry.
FYI - I think you are smarter and stronger than your GOP colleagues, that were willing to roll-over for terrible policy & bad bills.
I'm grateful Dems pushed for that. It's something all Senators should have been able to agree was necessary, considering what's at stake.
You could have let somebody else read them.
It just makes you look bad again. 

What's going to be your excuse next time
Your a liar and I wouldn't believe you even if you told the truth anymore QUIT
I would support you either way. It is time to stop Trump and his Minions from destroying our democracy.
It just sucks sometimes that you have to justify who you are & what you're doing because of trolls thanks for having integrity! Good luck

Traitors to the GOP. Fortunately not traitors to their constituants who hated what they voted against.
You lie
So!  The Devil (Dems) made me do it?! Lame!  Resign, run as the Democrat you really are, and at least be true to your values and principles!
YOU ARE A TRAITOR
BULLSHIT!
"Fake news"? Really, Senator? Anyway, thank you for clarifying that I should be thanking @SenateDems  rather than you.
Please don't throw around the term "fake news" where inaccurate or incorrect news would do. That's beneath you, Senator.

I am so proud of you Sen Murkowski. Please continue to be the ethical, strong senator you are!
Thanks for clearing that up.  I guess I'll go thank the Democrats for protecting the country from further insanity.
To much vacation you have failed so far
Without splitting hairs, PLEASE continue protecting this country. We need you.
appreciate your work, senator, but "fake news" is a misleading term abused by #Trump / it is more a confusion about Senate procedures
You don't have to explain yourself to haters  or to people who have no sense of regular order
YOU ARE FAKE NEWS MURKOWSKI! 
VOTERS are watching this hatred by blocking Pres recess apts. CONGRESS APPROVAL RATING IS NOW BELOW 10%!!! Bye bye RINO OBSTRUCTOR!!!
Sure. We won't forget your added betrayal while we suffer under ACA.
Not at all happy with how you are voting
How on earth did you get elected to office???
Let me understand it GOP in majority but the minority ruled the day on recess and forced you to agree - WHAAAAAT?  Deep Deep State there
Way to protect your @SenateMajLdr and take one for the team. Why the F would he hand a Never-Trump Liar like yourself the gavel then?
She said "fake news" lol
What a dummy!
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @RealJamesWoods @seanhannity @SebGorka @Harlan @LouDobbs
Keep up the great work you are doing @lisamurkowski
We would have been proud if you HAD taken that stand.
Woah. Lisa. Calm down dude
Thank you. And thanks for reminder that you're still partisan GOP. Some folks forgot when you voted in your constituents' interest last week
I hope and pray you get voted out
Why did you have to broker a deal for 2 FERC nominees when we have 52 republicans in the senate majority? How's that work?
Democrat
So ie: you WILL go to the Senate floor every 3 days for 1 minute and that is tatamount to blocking appointments. LIAR LIAR LIAR
Hey, don't blame Democrats because your party is a garbage fire.
Ma'am, I do appreciate your work on health care but I don't love you adopting the "fake news" quote either. Its a dangerous turn of phrase.
By releasing this statement, you made a story out of something that really wasn't. #gohigh
If this is true, you need to go on TV or fb and set the record straight
Well damn. I was hoping she was actually continuing to be the thornbin his side
Thorn in his side
Yes and everyone has to give in to the Dems cause they are in power. The state of Alaska sure is on the losing end with you as their Rep.
Ditch the "fake news" comment.  You sound like a Trumpster with no good reason.  Or is there a new reason?
Whatever.  It's a good idea, anyway.
What did Trump threaten you with now - This FAKE NEWS quote is getting old and tiresome.
Did you really call something fake news?!?
Thanks for clarifying, Senator!
So you want to block it for this president but when your boy obama was in office you did nothing for us then
Well, just darn..guess I was giving U credit that wasn't do U... take it back ... and Thank U Senate Democrats....
Ewwww--don't use "fake news"... bad or sloppy reporting prob more accurate anyway... not manufactured true fake news... and echoing DT is 
Fake news is a thing... but this ain't it... Clear misuse is lazy & not helpful (esp in this environ) 
 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fake_news 
Call out actual "fake news"... call out mistaken, sloppy, biased rpts... But they're not the same

FN examples: http://www.politifact.com/subjects/fake-news/ …
Well that's too bad. The information that was incorrect, that you called fake news made you look like a patriot. Your statement, not so much
Thank you Senate Dems....again.
Take the compliment, gurl!
Just had to go with the Trumpistas’ language didn’t you?

Pathetic.
Well everything else you done as tried to undermine the President can not blame them!
Oh you mean like kick 23 million off of health care?  Thank you @lisamurkowski   that is an agenda worth defeating.
How many are forced on to it?
I'm sorry to hear that, Lisa. I thought the republicans would feel the same. Not good.
Checks and balances...its in the job description. Alaska loves you Sen. Murkowski! Keep up the good works no matter how it transpires.
tell it your democrat friends, betrayer -
I'm getting pretty tired of the words "fake news". It has lost its true meaning & now seems to be applied to anything someone disagrees with
So, you would be ok with the President firing Sessions and appointing a new AG during recess to cover up his Russian ties?
You know damn well LIAR there can't be a quorum to call a recess now. Go to hell!
You're a LIAR! You gaveled in a Pro-Forma Session!
Why wouldn't you though?
This whole thing started because the GOP was mad at Obama appointing ppl during recesses so the GOP wasn't there to object.
and now the GOP want to cut the process to approve to two hours. Again when in doubt cheat like a mother fucker. I applaud Lisa Murkowski in
honoring the Dems wishes and keeping it on a level playing field.It's how it should be. The GOP made the rule.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Thanks for letting those of us who were giving you credit for this know we should be giving that credit to the #Democrats.
Please reconsider the use of the phrase "fake news". It seems beneath you. How about "incorrect"?
Lisa  Collinsare great women.@cnnbrk @maddow @DrUmarJohnson @AdamSchiffCA @VOAShaka  fighting back in image of Christ.
That's a shame.
U had a republican president
And base support
U have done nothing in 6 months
You blocked health care 4 
your party the Dems Trump 
From the brain trust who calls Senator John McCain a traitor....yeah....you're relevant 
I trust your honesty and thanks for setting the record straight against retribution fueled propaganda
Another reason to thank @SenateDems.
A good deed is a good deed, regardless the motivation behind it
Sen Dems doing due diligence under these extraordinary circumstances we're all in. This tweet clearly for WH & McConnell, not the People.
Dear Lisa- Please refrain from using the trump propaganda phrase 'fake news'. You play into his hand & rile the cult. U r better than that.
Thank you
You are going to 'fake news' us?  Are you out of yr mind?
It takes a unanimous vote, Senator. Please stop trying to toss shade, even if it is going to be passive-aggressive. You are usually better
It's fine 2 refute misleading report but pls don't use "fake news" trope. How about "I'd like to explain and clear up the misconception"
Thank you for protecting Americans against a rogue Whitehouse and rogue "@GOP 1st America 2nd" Congress.
You mean ROGUE CONGRESS. a bunch DIMWITS. DO NOTHING, LET NOTHING GET DONE LYING SWAMP RATS
Well good for the Democrats then.
Neither would some republicans
Can't trust politicians Democrats or Republicans bunch of liars say or do anything to get elected and once elected give us the middle finger

"No need to protect his head when putting him in the car." #Lockhimup #PoliceBrutality 
Lying Lisa when you ran for Senate you ran against Obama Care you lied then and you probably lying now.
Why do you jackasses keep letting the demorats make the rules, republicans are supposed to be in charge!
You're GONE from the Senate EITHER WAY.

THRONGS will work TIRELESSLY to remove ENEMIES OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, like YOU, from office..!
After giving you the credit for keeping the Senate in pro forma sessions, I will retract such. That said, keep up the good work!!!
We need to repeal and replace ObamaCare as soon as possible. Your killing our family for politics. My family in Alaska will vote against U.
So alaska you voted a democrat in..and she is out to take you out
Lol alaska...i live in ohio we dont own anything..foreigners bought everything after democrats made us poor
See it hasnt hit you yet alaska...when DEMOCRATS raise min wage to 15 a hour your small BUSINESS will die.and then foreigners will buy it
You will have all the votes you need when you all come up with a plan that is BETTER than ACA - insures MORE Americans, not fewer.
Lisa, PLEASE do not use/promote the term "fake news". This term does SO MUCH DAMAGE to anyone who uses it.
When democare doctors give you 120 percs and 120 oxy pains pills andthem are only for one month

Because they are trying to kill us poor
Your constituents have a chance to participate in sack race now thanks to you without fear of tearing an ACL, becoming cripple or homeless
Yall she didnt tell you how democare doctors only give us poor pain pills for every thing..they are killing us..
Can we sue @CNN for Liable and Slander yet?
Yes, if one can show actual malice.  I highly doubt there was actual malice in this situation.
It's an out and out lie. To undermine another's reputation. That is the definition of those two laws.
In this situation, one element of libel and/or slander is "actual malice."
It's the same with Obama. There must be "actual malice."
Sen Murkowski, we love you either way! You are a wonderful person
She's a liar
@MSNBC didn't report it
Tell everyone how you voted no for healthcare...why..because the only doctors that take it..hands out pain pills like water
You see Lisa! #CNN is Fake News!
Uh no 45 is a fake CEO though; why don't you troll your own Senators

Trump saw this video I tweeted in June of CIA rebels killing a child & shut them down http://www.weeklystandard.com/trump-got-this-one-right/article/2009045 …

https://twitter.com/JulianAssange/status/880895891573542912 …
BOT A BOT!
