You seem like a good person, you are a rare Republican that votes for what is good not just party line. Please vote No on #GrahamCassidy
You will have the undying love of your constituents AND win the love and admiration of the American people if you oppose Cassidy-Graham.
John McCain has the balls you need for healthcare. Stand up for what's morally correct.
Please Vote No on the 'New' Health Bill
Sounds like a sexual harassment promotion day!
They will love you even more, just say NOOOOOOO
Let the hugs and applause continue - PLEASE vote to #StopGrahamCassidy . My family's health depends on it.
great photo! Not sure, but are there any indigenous people on your staff? Just a thought.
Like hugs? How about getting 30 million from people you would save if you vote no this latest ACA repeal/replace?
Lets show some love from the people of Alaska and the rest of the country and vote NO on the abominable #GrahamCassidyBill. Life destroying!
Lots of diversity there!
Stand firm and don’t let them bully you on this healthcare bill..it’s wrong and awful save the people
You can't find ANY people of color to work for you?? Really??? Shame on you Lisa.
Even Chuck Grassley says he can think of at least 10 things wrong with new bill
Because you have shown love and heart to so many. All Americans deserve this.
Please vote no on G/C. I will give u a hug
Senator, so many of us want in on yr group hug—for the inspiring way you came through on ACA repeal vote. Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy!
You deserve that show of love.                  Please don't cave in to Republican efforts to vote for this disgraceful bill.
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.  History will remember your vote.
Please vote no. My brother has stage 4 Metastatic cancer, he can't pay 140k . You will kill him.
THANK YOU for respecting the health+well being of all people+for your commitment to fair+open process policy making..RESPECT+@lisamurkowski
They are so lucky to work for you.
Give your State of Alaska some Love and vote Yes on the Health Care!
Why do republicans hate America so much?
We are better because we have choice. Stop unconstitutional tax penalty, you will kill Americans who can't afford coverage thrust upon them
In Italy I watched as a family member hurt but had all the medication she was rationed. I went to a doctor's office that was nightmare fuel
You can have coverage, quality, or affordability. Not all three. Government care leads to high taxes and rationing. I lived in Italy, I know
Vote YES to the bill! Give power to choice. Coverage doesn't equal care. What good is insurance when you can't afford to use it?
You will get the love & gratitude of many Americans of all parties if you resist Graham's bribe to vote for the horrible GC bill. Plz say no
That @GOP is bribing Murkowski by letting Alaska KEEP OBAMACARE pretty much destroys the idea that GC is better than OBAMACARE
RT@JuddLegum
Please vote no #Graham- Cassidy. I'm not your constituent but your vote could hurt my children. Penalty premiums and lifetime caps = death
Don't be like them please,I know you have a soul.@BillCassidy  @LindseyGrahamSC  they don't! They are thinking about commitment to Koch Bros
There isn't anything American about this.They are going to kill millions with this death bill.Please tell me you won't be apart of this!
Are there no POC in Alaska?
Please vote NO to the current, bumbling, horrible healthcare bill. So many will suffer. Improve ACA instead. We need you.
Vote Yes to the #GrahamCassidyBill
Vote YES on Cassidy-Graham
Please ma'am vote no,save this nation from total disaster! Please
Please stay strong and vote NO on Graham/Cassidy. Protect ALL American with preexisting conditions. Stay strong. Thank you
Looks like a great staff. Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. Still a giant step backwards & your courageous leadership is needed once again!
No doubt you've earned it. Would you like to earn the love of your constituents by voting NO on #GrahamCassidy?
Please do not vote for the health care repeal; it's a travesty. Millions are counting on you again. Thank you!
Awesome picture!
Do these staffs all have health indurance? 
Is it a crappy discount program like last proposal?
Fix it right or not st all!
You haven't "decided" yet if you are going to throw millions of children, handicapped and vulnerable elderly out on the streets. So huggable
We'll all want to hug you if you vote no on Cassidy-Graham bill. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Alaska will love you more if you don't take away their health care.  Be strong.
It's astounding how explicit the GOP is that they can only pass ACA repeal if they try to sneak it through while ppl are distracted.
Great pic.
Sen, please stand strong against Graham-Cassidy. We believe in you. Hugs and prayers to you.
Please remain strong and vote No to C/G bill.

Wait:
Graham/Cassidy gives insurance companies the right to raise your premiums the minute you get sick?
If so, monstrous. https://twitter.com/topherspiro/status/909082137311285248 …
You better start giving some love to those who voted in 2016... or you will be out on your hind parts, like this...
Senator, I know @SenatorCollins and @SenJohnMcCain will save our country from healthcare decimation..

#NoTrumpCare 

#CassidyGraham kills
You won't get any hugs from Alaskans RINO
Why won't u #defundpp
Yes & all of you get huge Obamacare subsidies. Meanwhile, we are going broke paying up to 32K/yr for Obamacare coverage for two. Shameful!
Vote no on the Cassidy-Graham bill please.
MMG: Murkowski Must Go - Bad for Alaska!!!

#GrahamCassidy is just another bad bill that would  costs &  coverage. We urge Congress to reject it & the flawed approach it represents.
Please vote against the new terrible health care bill. My Alaskan friends and relatives need the #ACA
You deserve it!!  Signed MI Fan!!
please do not let us die! VOTE NO They are cutting medicaid again!
Hi Lisa--

Please hang in there with us against Trumpcare. Important for America.
PLEASE continue to stand up for Health care for all Americans and vote NO on Graham Cassidy. 
Thanks for all you do and please oppose the graham health care bill.
 holy cow ALL those ppl & you still dont get anything done. Waste of taxpayers $$$!
Please vote no on the Graham-Cassidy bill.
Your staff looks very white.
Well deserved! Love from Texas.
Go Lisa Ho!
Please Sen. Murkowski , I implore you to oppose the Cassidy-Graham bill. It's an atrocity & it will hurt people.  Please do the right thing
U deserve it. Thanks for having the balls to #resist.
Hope you're a NO on Graham-Cassidy #ProtectOurCare
Please Vote no on the Cassidy-Graham bill. Many counting on you b/c it defunds planned parenthood &punishes those w/ pre-existing cond. #ACA
PLEASE continue to stand up for our healthcare & oppose #GrahamCassidy
I'm not your district, not your party. Still, I think you are amazing for standing up to bullying in washington. TY for your service to USA!
diversity my darling. But you do have a nice balance of men and women. Thank them for me. Some Inuits would be nice.
She lives in Alaska!!!  Have you been there?!  geez give it a break
In Alaska about 15% pop is native. That is what Inuits are:native Alaskans. They don't appear to be represented in this photo.
Gotcha. I've traveled there for 6 mos. The inuits are great!   Hiked Denali. Don't assume the worst in her.  That's all 
I can't with her however I wish she'd declare Independent.
While a nice mix of male and female, it's awfully white over there.
I noticed #Trumpcare is back from the dead. Please stand firm and think about what saying yes would do to your state.
cassidy-graham is far worse than old trumpcare. It is not even conservative- throw fed money at states to 'fix' a national markets problem
