Will #RyanZinke wear his uniform at the #Alaskagate hearings? like Oliver North. Oh look Rick Perry.  One of the "Best People" from #Trump
... these guys work for the guy that called you a fool today
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
Thank you thank you thank you. Many in your party will throw stones, but you did the right thing today. Stay strong, & keep your integrity!
You broke your promise to the people who got you elected...
You know darn well that the majority of @lisamurkowksi's constituents did not want her to vote for that #SkinnyRepeal. She listened to them.
They voted a few days ago on a full repeal and that's what I responded to...
Her constituents didn't want her to vote for that either.It's wrong to expect her to kick herself out of office by honoring a stupid promise
"stupid promise" is this satire? Usually people want what they voted for to happen
It was dumb of Republicans to say they would do something that's never been done: End an entitlement years after it was created.#Obamacare
I hope he blocks every single one of your Alaska programs.
After yesterday's grandstanding w the biggest gran stander of all, Sen J? Mc. You need aconfessional or maybe USA HCAccess will do!
as an economist you know the more more government controls the less product moves  resulting in pressure on GDP.
This is what you're tweeting about the day you sided with dems on ocare? Really?
She sided w/ her constituents. My family (+ others) has been clogging her phone lines, & she listened. That's what a rep is supposed to do.
Yep, she is doing exactly what she was elected to do - looking out for and listening to her people.  Thank you Senator Murkowski!!!
ACCESS to emergency healthcare is 
100%  guaranteed  to all on USA. 
USAHCAccess. Gives 100% ACCESS to those asking for it only little more!
Today Murky is obstructing Trump administration appointees by delaying Energy committee hearing. Murky is proved to be fake GOP again today.
Why are you writing this when you have no intention of doing anything good for this country? Politics is NOT service.
Thanx so much for screwing the people of Alaska once again#repealACA
USA HCAccess is SILVER BULLET
To REPEAL O-care!   At $-0- cost.
You are too late, Zinke called you representing President Trump. You are really against America..along with @SenatorCollins
I am cruising to Alaska on same Princess ship today made infamous by a crazy guy.  4th Alaskan cruise.  Hope you are in your office.
Who cares, what effects Americans daily is SKYROCKETING OBAMACARE PREMIUMS...I am paying 2x my mortgage payment, and I am healthy no P-Exist
Murkowski is fake GOP. She lost the GOP Senate nomination & ran as a sore loser write-in independent candidate. 

Worst "conservative" ever!
I want people to be healthy and also treat each other respectfully.
Strong support for her vote!
Murkowski ,McCain and Collins...Three closet leftist saboteurs, Fake GOP promise breakers and unvarnished liars. Sad that you support them.
Murkowski wants Zinke to support Alaska energy while she screws America with taxing #ObamaCare. If Alaska had energy; can afford healthcare.
ACCESS To Healthcare 
IS RIGHT of  US CITIZEN???
Is any PERSON turned away from emergency room?
SO?       ACCESS or HEALTHCARE a RIGHT?
Alaska must have a lot of people who live off of the government if they approve of her lying. Because obamacare has hurt tax payers
Sen. Murkowski, your ACA vote saves thousands of lives in Alaska & millions of lives across America. What greater legacy could anyone want?
Don't kid yourself; Alaska has been suffering for 8+years. Medicaid is not being compromised, but ACA is a sinking ship. Why go down w/ship?
ACA is saving thousands of lives in Alaska & helping many, many more Alaskans. Can be improved thru bipartisanship.
You have been misinformed. LivesR not being lost; ACA has discriminated & ended coverage 4many. W/out jobs& competitive coverage, weR doomed
Source?
Source Andy is referencing is f/Dec 2016...B4 any new plans presented.  Proof is, Alaska has eliminated thousands of jobs/coverage last 3yrs
@HaynerHome alias "Cindy Hayner" After review, your account appears to be a bot. Not engaging further. Adios.
Sorry sir, Your the bot andrewcockerPOO. Keep fighting for the misguidede and misinformed sources...
We stand with you and not @realDonaldTrump and the @SenateGOP! #FixACA don't repeal it! #SaveMedicaid #SaveOurHealthcare
88% didn't want this bill but the GOP kept trying to pass it. Thanks, Senator and don't take any crap from Trump or @SecretaryZinke.
Health Insurance is not HEALTHCARE.  ACCESS to healthcare after $5,000 out of pocket IS NOT ACCE SS to healthcare!
USA HCAccess gives 100% safety net to REPEAL O CARE.  ALL 100%. it is SILVER BULLET solution. ALL UP no down!
Love showing my daughter women in Congress not only make a difference, but display courage and integrity lacking in their male counterparts.
Don't let the Interior Department bully you- please vote NO on skinny repeal. Millions of Americans will come to the support of Alaska.

USAHCAccess uses competition between HC providers to SLASH prices.  MEDICAID reduction with HC increase!
Sounds impossible, NOT SO?
$20 trillion natl debt is shouldered by each new Citizen. Maybe should be attached to each personal estate? USA credit rating, the people's?
Thank you Senator.  You did the right thing.
Sounds like that letter is ending up in the shredder thanks to Trump.

Nazi-socialist government ran medical treatment. All Senators @SenJohnMcCain   should use the VA if it's so good then force us on ObamaCare.
We get VA doctors and he gets the Mayo clinic. Sounds like Russian socialist medicine the government officials get the best we get Obamacare
The VA and ACA are two different programs.
Ran by the same people. So you'd rather trust the government in Washington than local programs with the financial and humanitarian aspects?
Yeah, good idea to broadcast anything that might be deemed as useful.. especially now.. lol
Thank you for your "no" vote, Senator, and putting US over party.
You stand for TRUTH and are a patriot. "Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes". Thank you for standing up for ALL Americans.
U r a disgrace to  & @SenateGOP
Bravo!
Thank you for saving healthcare ! Your vote will save hundreds of thousands of lives ! #Trumpcare #TrumpcareFail #trumpcaredead
The women will be the one to save humanity...PER THE USUAL!!!
Thank you for standing up to greed, morons, and traitors last night.
Thank you for voting no last night.
The people are fed up with Washington swamp criminals like you, that is why we voted for @realDonaldTrump - #DrainTheRINOSwamp
You told everyone outside of NYC and CA to rot.  We won't forget.
You are a true American hero & patriot. Thank you
stay strong Liz, I admire your bravery on healthcare and willingness to stand against your party when needed
Exempt from OBAMACARE:
Thank you for doing what is right! I respect u!!
You shouldn't be allowed to represent Americans! Trump chastised you for your prior vote & you couldn't get past this. IMMATURE! #MURKOWSKI
Thank you @lisamurkowski for your strength and conviction, standing up for all Americans.  You and @susancollins are saving our healthcare.
She is a lier and a very DISHONEST politician .she has proven she CANNOT govern and she is a resister to our president. Recall her shes bad.
Thanks for your votehave a great summer
The bill was horrible. You exercised your conscience and I respect that. Now please go to regular order and fix healthcare
Thank you Senator Murkowski !
You are doing great work, Senator Murkowski. Thank you for your sound judgement and leadership not only for your state but our country.
Thank you for standing up for AK and all Americans. Your vote last night is an inspiration
Thx to Big Govt & Corrupt politicians we have HIGHER premiums, HIGHER deductibles & damn near no choice... Plz QUIT!
Yer done lady
Thank you so much Senator Murkowski
Disgusting of trump to threaten your state funding for a vote. Thanks for standing strong
Awesome vote! 3 of you stood up! Just great
Thank you Sen. Murkowski for voting with your head & your  against the Skimpy bill. Americans deserve better healthcare!
looks like everyone happy with this vote are all Democrates. Stop running as a Republican.
Thank you for being an American today and not voting the party line. You are a hero to millions.
While not a direct reply to this tweet, it's obviously related: Thank You for your vote to defeat Repeal Only! We will have your back!
Vote this democrat out. 
Screw you Lisa I'll care when you and your staff are on ACA
Thank you Senator Murkowski,  for putting country before party.
How about Zinke's #wildHORSES slaughter? How can y'all be so cruel killing 100,000 of #HORSES? Beef industry own you? #NOHORSEslaughter 
That's fine Lying Lisa, but now we're going to be pushing @SenateMajLdr to remove you from any energy committees. Time for you to go.
Bravo madam!! Way to be a role model for standing up to a monster bully!  Thank you 
Why on earth would anyone believe anything you say?  You flat lied, again and again and again to get elected.  Fact that can not be disputed
Thank you, senator. Most Americans know it was a bad bill to begin with and you stood up for us.
TODAY, YOU VOTED FOR INCREASED INSURANCE PREMIUMS & HUGE DEDUCTIBLES FOR WORKING AMERICANS! VOTED AGAINST WORKING AMERICANS!
Thank you for putting people before party by voting no. You are a true American. God bless America
Thank you for your NO vote Senator! You've saved lives.
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!! You saved so many lives and the healthcare of millions of Americans! U R a hero for voting NO on Trumpcare!
Thank you for your "no" vote.   Country over party
Thank you Senator Murkowski!
Lying RINO
How does anyone vote yes on a health care bill they don't want.  Thanks for standing up!!!
Thank you for standing up for the poor and the sick despite the threats from Secretary Zinke.
THANK YOU
Thank you so much for your stand I still don't have healthcare I had two aneurism removed one last November and one in February no coverage
term limits
I've never been more proud of a Senator. Now show this bully/loser Zinke your strength!
Thank you for doing the right thing.
Thank you for siding with Americans today, not party corruption
Thank U glorious & unbowed Senator. We still disagree many things, but what you did today against extortion & for democracy deserves praise.
Justice retained."
Well done republican senators and leaders showing brave - bold support for retaining Obama Care
Thank you for the No vote, Senator Murkowski! 
Thanks for nothing !  Shame on you !   We do not forget
Change to Dimm!
Ur nothing but backstabbing traitor to American ppl. How much special interests paid U?How much were U going to lose on ur healthcare stocks
Please do not throw the Alaskan Natives under the bus 
My new hero! Americans breathed a collective sigh of relief! No healthcare vote until russia sanctions bill is signed!
Shame on you.
You should be fired, i hope the State Alaska votes you out of office.
Thank you so much for voting no on the healthcare bill! You have done a great service to the American people tonight!
Have to cancel my Alaska cruise next spring to pay my$18,000 for Obamacare. You're a sad excuse for a US Senator.
Please resign.
Love u.
Thank you for your stand tonight, Senator.
Thanks !!
Thank you for your votes of courage,
Thank you for doing the right thing 
1.  I am a small business owner that had pre-ACA insurance between 2002 through 2013.  I paid $636 a month w $5000 deductible. ...(cont)
2.  My pre-ACA insurance covered nothing. I would sit outside the ER when I was sick and waited to see if I went unconscious before going in
3. I had a baby on pre-ACA ins. At $636/mon, it didn't cover maternity. When I tried to get maternity, pregnancy was pre-existing condition
4. It cost me $25k out-of-pocket to have my baby. Don't do this to future generations.
Thank you for your "No" vote!!!!! :)
Step down. Go to bed. For a really ling time. Stop posting anything
Please vote NO #SkinnyRepeal !!!!
Don't let Trump bully you! Stay strong and vote no on that skinny repeal. Congress needs to fix the ACA . You have many standing with you!
Worthless rino.
Senator, your courage, integrity, and savvy are an inspiration.  Thank you for being a true representative who makes democracy better.
Don't take any crap from Zinke. Don't let your constituents down. #BeFearless.
You sure are busy on Twitter with worthless babble. Guilty conscience ?
#Trumpcare #RepealObamacare
I am a Democrat but I support your persistence in making sure millions of Americans do not lose their health care  Don't give in! Thanks.
You do not stand alone against a bully #VoteNo on the skinny bill, stand up for others, fight for those that can't fight on their own
That's very good but please don't let his threats get to you. Do the right thing for Americans and not the bully Trump. Please! 
Thank you for choosing country over party. You might consider switching to Ind. since GOP has no values other than money.
Too bad you couldn't use your time to work on something you promised to do for 7 years!!  Like, you know, repealing Obamacare.
Thank you for standing you ground and representing your constituents!
Do not allow the entire state of Alaska to be threatened by trump! Stand strong for your citizens.
Alaskans that actually pay for they're health insurance has seen 200% increase with unreachable deductibles! U voted to screw them more!
Stand up to these bullies!! How dare they try to intimidate you!!
Those who are able bodied would have 2 yrs to transition off! I for one am sick of having insurance i cant even use!
Her constituents didnt call or email her it was robocalls and emails from democratic agency's! Those on medicade would still remain on it!
Its time for u to go! Your voting with the democrats against tge people who elected you!
Thank u Sen Murkowski for standing up for your constituents. And shame on you Sec Zinke for being a bully and threatening the Sen. #SaveACA
Shame you broke your promise on aca. Hopefully your voters won't break their promise to drain swamp.
Next POTUS! Actually OPPOSING Fascism.
Hear that  ocomming Choo choo choo it the TRUMP TRAIN Xpress
Hear that  ocomming TRUMP
Train is coming for you
Thank you Sen. M for holding your ground against the pressure put on u by Trump & Zinke. Do what's right for Alaska!  
Senator Murkowski: I support your position of not letting yourself be bullied ...I've done same and it's a hard road...best to you :)
You are a Hero @lisamurkowski ! Stay strong! You did the right & humane thing!
Vote NO on "skinny repeal". Don't help @GOP kill sick children.
Hang in there Lisa you're a hero, the president is truly crazy and if Zinke wants to play hardball the people will call for his replacement
You're wasting resources on obsolete oil and poisoning us all. The future is in clean energy & renewables. #nodrilling #keepitintheground
But thanks for putting people before party on healthcare. I wish more of your colleagues had your courage and compassion.
Please resign today.
so DNC wants you to join their party AK democratic party congratulates you on your ObamaCare support? #resign
Support the Health Care Repeal! SEVEN LONG YEARS OF BROKEN PROMISES! You sign the bill when it means nothing! Why not now! You are a liar!

Please don't drink the skinny KoolAid. Stay strong!
continue standing up against bully Trump...hang in there...your constituents don't live at the WH...fight for them...vote NO on "skinny"
He's keeping a list and checking it twice gonna find out who's naughty and nice....ashes and switches for you
How did you ever get elected as a Republican?...and what a phony after voting for repeal & now opposing. Can Alaskans generate a recall?
stand strong & remain honest to your oath to the nation & your people-don't do this for party or points-too many will be affected negatively
Vote to gut Obamacare or get voted out of office! You are a republican obstructionist and traitor !

I think maybe federal funding should slow until this RINO stops impeding on Pres Trumps cabinet appts. U r purposely hurting the nation!
Bad move! Fossil fuels are a dead end! Invest in clean energy, renewable energy!
Thanks for standing up and doing the right thing!
you are my new personal hero, and I'm crossing party lines to say that, stay strong.
Alaska, If my extortion doesn't work to cut Millions off #Obamacare

Then I'll huff, & I'll puff, & I'll blow you back to Russia.
#Trumpcare
Now deep state member Lisa Murkowski is holding up Trump appointments to the government. She is phony and a closet liberal. VOTE OUT!!!
Remover the GOP next to your name Lisa because you are a traitor to your voters. The liberals would welcome you with open arms.
Please be compassionate and let Obamacare die. Replace w/ vibrant free market insurance competition across state lines.
Lisa lied to the American people for 2 years about Obamacare. Today she stands with the people hurting her voters.
You can only hide so long Lisa, you will be sent packing very soon.
Don't worry the conservative world wil Know who you are Mrs. Murkowski and they will no your a traitor to your voters.
Lisa is a Liar and went against 2 years of promises to repeal Obamacare. You will be gone very shortly Lisa.
Obama deep state member Lisa Murkowski. The great thing is we now know who the bigots and traitors are in the GOP.
U vote yes to throw millions off Healthcare with approvof 17%? That you all don't want to pass ! You all sold out& don't care if people die
Murkowski is NOW holding up Trumps appointments to are government. She is a traitor to the people and are POTUS.
We can't wait to #DRAINTHESEWER.https://www.facebook.com/MikeCernovich/videos/1255541427908240/ …
http://Breitbart.com ..... where you can read every LIE Mrs. Murkowski told to the people that voted for this traitor
Trump is the voice of the American Patriots...... You are the voice of the Deep state. We are coming for ou Mrs. Murkowski
Stay strong,@lisamurkowski! Fix the ACA, not repeal. Or skinny repeal!
