Im glad theyre winning.Trump isnt.Please dont vote yes for Repeal because there are enough votes to kill the bill.I NEED to know youre"true"
Unfortunately for this tweet, those aircraft in the picture are not USAF, in fact they are not military at all. 
This is the same Air Force that bombed innocent Iraqi children in the name of imperialism so please think before you tweet.
Well actually the pic isn’t USAF
No one wins when we kill other human beings.
ICYMI
If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
IT IS TIME FOR AMERICAN SMALL BUSINESSES TO FLOURISH AGAIN. ACA MANDATES AND TAXES HAVE KILLED OFF OUR ECONOMIC ENGINE. DO SEIZE THE CHANCE.
And @lisamurkowski can you please keep advocating for healthcare to keep Americans safe that way too!
Vote No! This is Worse than last time #TrumpCare Kills
#resist
if it was a US citizen who created this meme, they should have their citizenship revoked, and your re-tweeting it Lisa, is almost as questionable.
Before 1973, it was illegal to profit from medicine. Today 60% of all bankruptcies are due to medical debt. This is crippling America
Insurance is the problem. Medical care could never have gotten this expensive without Ins. No reason on earth can justify the cost
http://investmentwatchblog.com/did-you-know-that-before-1973-it-was-illegal-in-the-us-to-profit-off-of-health-care-the-health-maintenance-organization-act-of-1973-passed-by-nixon-changed-everything/ …
Sen., pls vote NO on this terrible HC bill. Millions in the country are counting on you! Pls don't disappoint us!
stay strong Lisa...we know you met with Trump for a "private" dinner...don't allow him to "CON" or "BULLY" you...#NoRepeal 
Vote no on healthcare. Don’t hurt Alaskans and Americans by supporting this awful bill.
#Vets need healthcare.  The promise was repeal and replace with something better.  Where's the 'better'? #USAirForce #AirForce #Navy #ARMY

People with pre-existing conditions, pregnant women among those who lose out in GOP's latest health care bill. http://apne.ws/iP7et7Z 
Please Lisa don't let them gut Medicaid. Vote no Please!
Please vote no on the Graham/Cassidy healthcare bill. Protect ALL Americans with preexisting conditions. Stay strong. Thanks
Please please vote NO on graham Cassidy
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy. It is heartless.  Do the right thing Senator.
Please save our ACA!

I will be calling tomorrow.
Called!
My guess is you knew that @POTUS used the wrong airplanes in his birthday tweet for the Air Force. How can you stand it? #BeIndependent
you know democrats want to decrease military - should you clear your post with them?  Fake Republican.
Please vote your conscience. Thousands of your great state with lose care. Vote NO Graham-Cassidy
Under this bill, pregnancy will cost you an extra 17K. Metastatic cancer 172K. Autism 5K. Asthma 4K. This isn't a healthcare bill.
Alaska.  Here's how much money Alaska will lose for healthcare funding if Graham-Cassidy passes.
Under Graham-Cassidy Louisiana would suffer one of the biggest losses in the country.   http://www.businessinsider.com/graham-cassidy-health-care-obamacare-repeal-bill-funding-issue-2017-9 … 
I loved my Air Force days!  Working with Crew Dawgs was as American as I could ever dream of!!
Please vote #NOGRAHAMCASSIDY
Happy Birthday from Alaska, USAF!!
Vote no!
Trump/Pence are going down eventually, you know this. Leadership is going with them. Save yourself, stand apart. VOTE NO ON GRAHAM-CASSIDY.
STAY IN THE ARMED FORCES FOR HEALTH INS.  AMERICAN CITIZANS WILL SOON LOOSE THEIRS.  TRUMP/GRAHAM CARE WILL COST AMERICANS THIER LIVES!!!!!
Can we count on you to stand up against #CassidyGraham health care bill?
If you like Obamacare you should have run on it. You would have lost but at least you would be honorable.
Save my sons life! Vote no on this appeal attempt on the ACA.
Senator please don't hurt Americans. Vote NO on this terrible hateful Graham-Cassidy bill.
Here are what the premium markups would be for various health conditions: 
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/04/20/430858/latest-aca-repeal-plan-explode-premiums-people-pre-existing-conditions/ … 
US fams w preexisting conditions & pregnancy(!) r placing faith in u to vote NO on latest draconian Trumpcare bill #GrahamCassidy
Please continue to work for your constituency and the rest of America #VoteNOGrahamCassidy.  We are counting on you, Lisa
Please fight for us and vote no on ACA repeal.
Please do not repeal ACA. The repeal waives protections for preexisting conditions and leaves millions w/out coverage.
That's very nice. Now what about #GrahamCassidy? If you are serious about due diligence, you should insist on a full CBO analysis.
I don't understand. This is worse than all previous bills. Why would this be a yes? Please do the right thing and protect us.
Dont vote for grahams new trumpcare...bad juju!!
Vote No, Senator. Please?
This military family full of your constituents is asking you to vote NO on Graham-Cassidy! Protect your constituents and Vets.
Please don't waffle on health care!! This bill is as bad as the others and explicitly removes protections for pre-existing conditions!
Unconscionable! VOTE NO
Please do the right thing and stop Trumpcare. Return to regular order, try something bipartisan. Partisanship is making millions afraid.
Please OPPOSE Graham-Cassidy. Please save our healthcare. Thank you.
Please be a hero again
Please do not support the Graham-Cassidy bill! #SaveTheACA
Vote no on healthcare bill. Many of us have preexisting conditions and need insurance
Insurance without a 25k surcharge
Sen. pls do the right! Graham-Cassidy is inhumane. Fate of millions of Americans r in ur . Big responsibility, pls don't take it lightly!
Happy Birthday Air Force. Sen @lisamurkowski I beg you to vote NO on the new Trumpcare bill. NO CUTS OR CAPS for the disabled & elderly.
Even a cancer event years past will cause premiums to be unaffordable:
The average person cannot afford their health insurance now. Anyone with an ingrown toenail to cancer will pay more. Vote NO- GrahamCassidy.
Get the government out of our health insurance. Your broke.
Please vote no on this new terrible healthcare bill. Trump is trying to run this country into the ground. Save the people.
Senator please reject ACA repeal.
So many of us have pre-existing conditions. How can you not come out loud and strong against this? How?
Please Lisa NO repeal of ACA! U know in your heart  this GrahamCassidy Bill is an absolute train wreck & disaster!So many will suffer! 
Please vote no on Graham- Cassidy
Lisa,
Why are we even talking about Trumps HC plan? It will throw millions off the bridge Again!
Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.
Every single reply to this tweet is 100% about health care and voting no to the latest McConnell/Trump 
Fiasco!
Sen. Murkowski - we need you on the Graham Cassidy bill, We the people!  Please make a strong statement against removing health Care for US
Vote no on a bill that would take away pre existing condition protection
How do you want to be remembered Senator? This picture will mean nothing if you vote yes.
Here's an airport staffer/constituent greeting Lisa Murkowski in Alaska, the day after she helped tank the Senate's Obamacare repeal bill. 
Please vote no on the latest repeal and replacement plan  for the ACA
Seems military folks pushing U R not ur voters in the middle working class. Doesn't military include wives for health care?
This plan looks to cover the needs of most people. Medicaid is still in plan. Think about the working middle class suffering.
Please vote No to the latest ACA repeal bill. Stand up for your constituents & all Americans. Healthcare is a right, not a commodity. Ty
How about fixing hlth care for the country.. not just Ur state is in need of help. If it's not right, fix it. Stop stalling
Medicaid is still in bill & will be reduced anyway after obama blew the budget buying votes.  Look at stats of Medicaid increases.
We need you to stand up for us & convince other Republicans to find a bit of humanity & vote no. I cannot fathom why Repubs want to hurt us.
Please vote NO on #grahamcassidy

Many will die. Many would go bankrupt. And many won't get preventative care

Stand w the many who need you
I agree! Now please vote no on Graham-Cassidy! While the air force protects us, Graham-Cassidy harms everyone of us
If you vote to strip healthcare from millions of us, including 1,750,000 veterans currently on Medicaid, they won't see their 70th birthday.
Pls, Sen! Save our ACA,Medicaid & Planned Parenthood!Where is regular order and bipartisan FIX to ACA? HURT Americans just to PLEASE TRUMP?

VOTE NO. please.
Please don't take away our ACA.
Thank you for fighting to protect our healthcare. Please keep up the good work and oppose #GrahamCassidy !
