Was this the LAST Godly thing that you did? To honor the sanctity of marriage. GOD IS WATCHING ALL THAT YOU ARE DOING. Try to be GOOD.
How do you propose to fix the Obamacare mess Senator!!! Your so unbelievably inconsiderate and patronizing to tweet about anything else
Best wishes to you both ! Nothing beats an Alaska wedding - except maybe the next 30 years (grin) !
Congrats, Senator. A happy marriage & supportive spouse is a great recipe for success at home & work. Alaska well-represented by you. Thanks
Happy anniversary!
Well do America a big favor and Journey out of the Senate. U let America down again. 8 yrs of Obama and now we still can't clean his mess up
Congratulations! Thank you for being a Leader with heart and conviction. Madame Senator, I am so grateful for your courage!  #PartyofLincoln
Happy day!
Hope you have many more..
Great looking couple.  Keep up the good fight.  #CentralOhioFan
Congrats. You know what? Why don't you stay in Alaska for good and enjoy Verne...
Happy Anniversary, God bless and protect you please keep on doing good, always happy for ur good job Sen. L M more grace to ur elbow
Happy Anniversary to a beautiful couple then and now!!
Happy Anniversary!
Congratulations 
Congrats. Thanks for being a patriot.
Please stop this health care bill. Middle class needs your support.  Grave illness need insurance  at reasonable cost. Please STOP it
hugs from Bristol Bay
Happy anniversary! Hope you enjoy many more together.
Happy Anniversary
That's beautiful!! Congratulations!
Congratulations!!

Congratulations Lisa & Verne.
...Happy Anniversary Senator..
Congrats!!!

Just stay in Alaska and celebrate. WA,DC doesn't need you.
What a lucky guy .... and a pretty lady .........
Great Grins!...especially that lucky guy!
Congratulations.  Now quit your job and go home you liar.  You RINO liar.
RINO, not a team player, promises to repeal Obamacare but voted to keep it. You should change parties.
Happy 30th anniversary! Here's to 30 more!
congrats
Happy Anniversary!!! 
Together! 
YOU VOTED FOR SOCIALISM! COSTING MIDDLE LOWER CLASS SO MUCH MONEY! SO PISSED! REPEAl obama care now!
Congratulations! Thanks for being a strong Senator on health care!
Happy anniversary! Congratulations.
Happy 30th anniversary! My husband and I celebrate our 30th tomorrow! August 1987...auspicious!
Happy Anniversary Lisa
Congratulations, Senator! That's quite an accomplishment in this day & age. 
Happy Anniversary!
God bless you
Congratulations Senator!
Happy Anniversary! 30 years looks good on you two.
Happy Anniversary @lisamurkowski !!
Congratulations Lisa.
Congratulations
Thank you Sen Murkowski for standing up & staying w healthcare for aver Americans. ACA 
Happy Anniversary!  You have been noticed. Thank you for sharing your journey with US(A)!
Awwh, we're happy for your relationship flourishing for all the years. Wishing you two many more to come
Happy anniversary to a great Senator!
Happy anniversary!    Enjoy it!  Stay far far away from a TV!!!
Happy anniversary!
Happy Anniversary!
How wonderful. Wishing you many more adventures together.
RINO
For gods sake.. r u kidding. Rome is burning. U R Clueless.
You need to know Alaskans back Trump we will remove you!
Happy Anniversary! Here's to 30 more years in your beautiful state.
Congrats to you both, much love and many blessings
Congratulations on a milestone anniversary! Wishing you many more happy years together. Thank you for your service to Alaska and our nation!
Congrats and thanks again for standing up for other families with your vote against that cruel skinny repeal bill.
Congratulations on 30 years! Please keep fighting for America with that same spirit & fortitude that keeps a couple together that long!
Congrats! Here's to another 30
Congratulations.  100 more.  How do you guys look exactly the same?  Must be the Alaskan air.
I was in Alaska on my motorcycle in 2015. Happy anniversary from NZ and good work standing up to DT
Congratulations!
Congratulations! By the way, we made a complaint to the Interior Dept IG about pressure on ur vote & now they are looking into it!
Murkowski for President
Happy Anniversary from a Wisconsin Democrat!
Happy Anniversary!!
Happy Anniversary!
You're a traitor to our country and you're really a progressive liberal so why are you faking it
OMG.....how did we elect grandma to represent Alaskans? #lisamurkowski is simply not up to the job of being in Congress.  Maybe PTA
Happy Anniversary
Happy Anniversary!
Congratulations, Senator!
Congratulations. Happy Anniversary
Congrats from a non~party, disabled Veteran from Inola, Ok.
If you & Verne ever down here, Amish home cooking on me!!
THANKS for everything.
#congratulations! It's really wonderful to have someone to be by your side. My husband and I are together 23 years.
Congrats on 30 years!
Hopfully your journey as a Senator is ending soon.  You voted to mandate federal funding of Socialized medicine and Planned Parenthood.
Happy 30th anniversary and here's to plenty more! 
Happy Anniversary!!
congratulations, senator. please help defend immigrants and people of color against hate
Happy Anniversary!
Happy Anniversary
Whaaaaaat? This whole time I thought you only ate snatch.
Happy Anniversary, Senator! So thankful for elected representatives like you who want to create bipartisan solutions to our problems.
Maybe it's time for you to return to your pasture and hang it up
Congratulations on your anniversary and for being a great team advocating for AK!

Congratulations to both of you!!  30 years is awesome! Happy Anniversary!
Happy Anniversary! And thank you again and again for voting no on ACA repeal. 
Happy anniversary to a true patriot
Congratulations.
Did he make you pasta??
Resign.
Has he accepted you as the liar that you are?
Happy Anniversary. Thank you for your service to our country
Happy anniversary!!
lisa and verne -- happy happy anniversary !
Happy Anniversary 
Happy anniversary!!!
Congratulations to a beautiful couple.
Congrats on 30 years!
Happy anniversary!
A journey..where YOU betrayed the AMERICAN PEOPLE! Do you BETRAY HIM TOO? It's OBVIOUS your PROMISES MEAN NOTHING 2 YOU!
Yeah, looking out for her constituents best interests really is a betrayal...right. Go back to your Trump news bubble genius.

Congratulations Senator. Also, Thank You for your recent vote on maintaining ACA. Americans need more Senators like you.
Happy Anniversary! What a beautiful story and couple 
Happy Anniversary! May you enjoy many more years together.

Did you ever dream that 30 years later you would be a petty, US Senator using your power to prevent good healthcare to the nation!
How America has turned into a #swamp. Otherwise congratulations on anniversary
Happy Anniversary, Senator!
Congratulations!
Staying married for 30 yrs speaks volumes about a couple. Undying love, trust and stability.
Are you going to vacation in Russia 
Congratulations!  What a great memory to share!
Congrats! Keep the magic going
Congrats and Happy Anniversary!
Beautiful past & present photo's..Happy Anniversary to both of you.
Congratulations! 
Congrats!
CONGRATULATIONS!  Thank you both, for your Public Service!
Happy anniversary!!
Congratulations awesome Senator! Keep up the fight!
How great!
Congratulations to beautiful couple. 
You betrayed our country. It'll be my joy to vote you out next election.
The female Alaska senator sold out the American people in repealing & replacing ACA aka Obamacare.
Congratulations!
Congratulations to both of you on your 30 yr anniversary. May you have 30 more equally  beautiful years.
happy anniversary!
And that's when u should of decided to stay out of POLITICS.ESPECIALLY THE REP. http://PARTY.YOU  R A DEM.AND A TRAITOR. KARMA
Congratulations!
Happy Anniversary Senator!
Awwwwww 
Wow!  You two have not changed a bit! Congratulations!!!! 
Anchored down in anchorage 
And I bet if you get hurt, injured or become ill you can go to the doctor with your great health care that you voted against us on
Happy Anniversary!.
Happy Anniversary!
Happy anniversary!
Happy anniversary!
Congratulations! Another 30+ more...God Bless you both...
Happy anniversary!
Happy Anniversary!
Happy anniversary 
Stunning then, stunning now Senator!
time for a change...not your marriage ...just your party
Love to you both!! Congratulations!
congratulations!
Congratulations, Senator Lisa  &        Mr. Verne Murkowsi!!   May You both continue to be Blessed ...
BEAUTIFUL couple & THANK YOU AGAIN for your healthcare vote Senator @lisamurkowski #CountryBeforePoliticalParty 
To you and your husband:
Some good-looking folks!
Congratulations and many more happy years to you!
Congratulations Senator on your Anniversary
Happy Anniversary!
Congrats! Happy anniversary!
Happy Anniversary 
Congratulations and wishing you both many more happy years together!
I think it is time for you to enjoy retirement and your husband full time. @lisamurkowski please feel free to stay at home with your hubby
Keep on fighting for the commom people, senator. Resist Trump.
