Dont let the Cruz bribe to Ak sway ur vote!It is illusory ins that harms all especially the poor, women, kids. Vote no on this flaming pile!
I know lots of $ will be thrown at AK to buy your vote. It won't change what an awful step backwards the bill is for the US. Please vote NO!
Don't be bought, Lisa. Do the right thing for ALL Americans.
Might want to take a closer look at how the healthcare proposal will affect the military families you purport to care about. #VeteransResist
Vote no on health care bill

Republicans use state payoffs to win votes for repeal bill http://politi.co/2t0C42V  
15-20 years - that's how long this bill will set back normal Americans.  Are you really considering a health bill by Ted Cruz? Please don't.
Sen. Murkowski, surely you are against this new Health Bill that would be so devastating to the people of your state. do the right thing!
what about this?  Protect elderly veterans who rely on individual unemployability!
Is that how Mitch changed your Health Care Vote? Can you face the deaths of many voters in #Alaska who may only have what #ACA gave? #MAGA
Sellout. This is why I've never voted for you, and never will. If this passes it will devastate many Alaskans. You remember them, don't you?
Think they want your #HealthcareBill vote??? #whatmoneycanbuy And  not including Cruz amendment when submitting to CBO? Anyone honest left?
170 million in construction projects? I think your vote is worth more to them. Don't let kids die for chump change. Hold out.
Party over country, and the lives of constituents......this is what we've become. What happened to the party of Regan?
Please continue to oppose any Senate healthcare bill that does not ensure affordable healthcare for everyone.
Please do the right thing for the people in your state and the millions in the country who will be harmed by this awful healthcare bill.
That is great. But please,stay  focused on improving the ACA and not abandoning us here in AK.
Make women proud! Show the men that Women will stand for We the People over Party politics. #KillTheBill
Thank you for supporting the military expansion in @alaska
Take a page from Senator Collins' book and vote No.
I need my healthcare. Please vote no on the repeal.
DON'T TAKE THE ALASKAN BRIBE!!!
Great.  Are you voting for Trumpcare?  What will happen halfway through the year when I hit the yearly limit and can't pay for my meds?
Yes, I'd like to hear the answer to July's question.
Frantic for "yes" votes, the Republican leadership is trying to entice Sen. Lisa Murkowski with a billion-dollar sweetheart deal for Alaska.
What the hell do you want anyway. Why don't you leak it out in big letters so everyone knows what you are asking the rest of us to pay for?
I have an idea lets cut health care for 62000 Alaskans and give a tax cut to some multi millionaires but Alaska gets military base!
I can see that you have integrity from your statements.  Do not let your peers in DC convince you to betray that!! They care zero for AK.
The sweeteners in the healthcare bill for only your state and other sudden allocations while other states languish are simply bribes.
Still, if you don't vote NO on Trumpcare, you'll be unemployed soon. #BetOnIt
How many people over 50 won't be able to afford private insurance so Republicans can make insurance companies richer!  Disgusting!!!!
why would the GOP push a bill with 17% public support? please, please consider voting no. work with dems on aca
Was that your price?
Over 50% of credit report debt = med bills. 50% of Americans living paycheck to paycheck. This bill will make things worse, you know this.
My awesome sister, born w/ autism, only listens to Christmas music, her favorite holiday. ACA has helped so much! Please don't hurt her.
Do you not know rural Alaska also needs help?
Please vote NO to Deathcare bill!
What about your concerns for @PPact?  As a female I would hope your vote would be NO on a bill that would negatively impact many women.
Please vote no to revised senate health care bill. It still threatens the health of tens of millions of the most vulnerable. Dr. Slusser
Think of all the children who will die if u don't vote properly. That will be on ur soul for eternity. No amount of $$ can counter that
A "win" that causes millions of Americans to lose healthcare coverage is not a win. Please do the right thing, not the partisan thing.
Don't be bought off. Vote No on the latest version of the Senate bill. We need a bipartisan solution.
And all you had to do was sell country out and ignore Russia
She already turned from a No vote to a Yes. CNN guest just stated they can get to 50 votes on this? How?
This vote will be your life's legacy. Why did you enter politics? Too many lives will be ruined unless you vote no.
I can't believe that you entered politics to devastate families who rely on Medicaid. GOP's new bill will destroy them. Say no & protect PP.
GOP Ldr "forgot" to include Cruz amnd to the CBO. Now, Tom Price will provide analysis. Alarm bells must be going off here. #CorruptGOP
I hope you are smart enough to know that if you vote for the Senate health care bill, your political career in Alaska is over. Guaranteed.
To buy your vote? Sad to see a senator is that cheap.
Focus on healthcare and got no...so not get bought! #NoBCRA
Please oppose the AHCA and the damage it would do to your constituents.  Stand up for what is right instead of standing w your party
Please consider all US residents when you vote for healthcare. Millions will be hurt by Trumpcare. Minor modifications just don't cut it.

But like, not that much cheaper. Premiums will skyrocket under Trumpcare for Alaskans. I'm just making it slightly less bad @lisamurkowski!
Please work with Dems to make ACA better. #BCRA will take health care away from your constituents & financially burden them & your state.
Don't be swayed by few million dollars upfront this version of healthcare reform will hurt many millions in the short and long term Vote NO
Since you are back home, you should hold a townhall. You can't avoid your constituents forever
Senator, pls say no to @SenateMajLdr's #polarpayoff! #BCRA is still bad for AK, let alone rest of nation. #CountryOverParty #FixNotNix #ACA
Great news, but Trumpcare is a life & death matter right now.

Please vote against this bill that will kill and/or bankrupt many Americans.
Yes, in exchange for millions of Americans losing healthcare! Don't allow this ACHA pit us against each other. Vote NO!
Seeing a lot of pessimism, but I still have faith in you to do what's right. Your constituents will be loyal if you follow your conscience.
If you're against this bill and have reservations, why not come out and say No earlier today?  Are you waiting for more money in the bribe?
GOP broke ACA but sounds like you will cut a deal.   Americans will die but well done you.
Sen Murkowski Please don't be bought by money and sell us out. We need and want affordable healthcare. Please vote NO.
So much for you saying you didn't want a polar payoff but something for all Americans ..
Your constituents count on affordable healthcare. It's life or death. No amount of $ will get you reelected if you vote for the GOP bill.
Don't let them buy your vote with this. The nation's healthcare depends on you.Stay true to your beliefs. Hold out for something bipartisan
I can't believe you're caving for a pay-off and to appease trump
Medicaid cuts in the updated version of the Trumpcare bill will still be harmful to AK citizens.
That's good... But we're all still waiting to hear that you're a no on the healthcare bill. #voteNO
Your vote impacts my life. You have common sense. Use it. Please, how can you go along w/the nonsense this administration keeps putting out?
please do not vote for the senate heath care bill. you are better then this.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Massive damage to the opioids crisis cannot be resolved in Trumpcare. https://twitter.com/dr_tef/status/877168265155534848 …
So you will cave on the ACA! Vote for NO. Don't forget all the jobs to lose. Fix healthcare not kill us
Senator Collins can't be alone. Please help
JUST IN: Insurance industry says Cruz amendment will unleash a death spiral for people with pre-existing conditions.
I know you cant be bought out to vote for something as sinister as that legislation. Work with Dems to preserve ACA.
#AK has real challenges: economy, jobs, access to Hcare, etc... if only there were some kind of effective deliberative body that could help
I take it they just secured your vote on healthcare?
Folks looks like the GOP is trying to buy a yes vote on Trumpcare. This bill will leave AK citizens without coverage
My grandson is autistic, please vote "No" on the healthcare bill. So many lives are depending on you!
Sure, @SenateMajLdr trying to buy off AK w/ slush fund. WARNING it's not enough & lying secretary @SecPriceMD can claw back anytime #NoBCRA
Senator can you start getting on the ball and vote yes ! Don't you understand this is the 1st part of the negotiations
Politico stated the pot has been sweetened by increasing $ for Native Alaskan care.  They're trying to bribe you. You know that, right?
@robportman @pattoomey @SenatorCollins @SenDeanHeller @SenCapito  #KillTheBill #BridgeToNOCare

Why can't you just speak up? You know the bill sucks and guts Medicaid for the poor? SPEAK UP LIKE SENATOR COLLINS!
Amen! It's hard to speak up, but it's crucial. Millions will be harmed with Trumpcare!

You're killing me, Lisa. Where did I go right?!

I'm still the same shameless buy-off I was last month! http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/341962-senate-healthcare-bill-includes-key-provision-for-alaska … 
Please don't cave
So this is just about Alaska? They buy you off and the rest of the country can go to hell?
My inlaws, nieces, nephew rely on ACA. please vote NO on #BCRA.
You seem very busy. Are you hearing us on health, though? Not distracted-your T-care NO vote critical for me and neighbors calling AK home.
Is that you payoff for costing millions their health care?

Hoping you still vote no on trumpcare
In stead of marketing our state for its beauty to entrepreneurs including high tech we only push oil and military. Our addiction is sad!
THIS is the announcement we've all be waiting for!
If you oppose the bill (which most of us hope), consider getting together with Heller, Capito, Moran, & Portman to release a joint statement
Nobody wants to be straw that breaks the camel's back. It'll be more palatable to oppose it as a group.
Ok.. that's nice but what about a big fat NO on this horrible #Trumpcare plan.
Its a bribe to make you feel good about killing your constituents by robbing them of health care.  Now lets see if you accept it.
please don't destroy your legacy over this shameful health bill. Please work with Dems to improve ACA.
The government cannot make Healthcare work . What don't you get about that ? I'm a Vet and the VA sucks !
