please vote no on #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Death bill. What bs lies.
PLEASE VOTE NO. 
Americans appreciate you.
Stand strong like you did last time. Don't sell out your beliefs for a few pieces of silver
Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill. If @SenateGOP truly believed the bill was any good, they wouldn't need to resort to bribery for votes!
Percent of Americans who approve of:

OBAMACARE: 54%

#GRAHAMCASSIDY: 24%

http://goo.gl/qR9uMm 
Just like the polls said Clinton would win by a landslide. I disagree, vote yes. I'm a RN, too much fraud with Obamacare
Too much fraud so let’s screw everyone over! Great logic! 
That's great... but don't give us this BS now. VOTE NO ON #GrahamCassidyBill You know it is wrong for Alaskans and whole country.
America needs you,  right now,  Senator.  Please vote NO on #GrahamCasiddy.
The promise was repeal and replace with something better.  Where's the 'better'?
Stop Trumps zombie healthcare bill.  WE are counting on you!!!!!!
Please Sen. Murkowski think of the people you’d  save by voting NO on Graham/Cassidy.People deserve healthcare pls don’t rip it from them.
Get the FAA to approve the 747 air tanker for fighting fire
MONEY. We can't do prevention if ALL the money has gone into fire fighting. It is that simple. People on the left agree with THINNING.
Please do not sign the graham/Cassidy bill. Millions of folks depend on it to survive. Thanks.
TX Lisa.  That is vital to the whole nation, just like our healthcare. We know your vote is not for sale. America first, Alaska 2nd. Thanks!
What can you do about the little clowns that the biggest clown hired for the FDA?
Sen murkowski. Please follow your heart and vote no on bill even if they give you more for ak. The rest of us will suffer. Wife has cancer
killing #wildlife is disgraceful despicable is not Christian...I know hunter Zinke wants y'all to exterminate #wildHorses #wildlife PLS DONT
I seriously hope you do not take GOP's bribes. You seem like a woman of integrity.  Vote no. #GrahamCassidy
Please don't vote yes
As an Alaskan with years in dialysis and a kidney transplant under my belt, I humbly beg you to be critical and vote no. 
Please don't waver on voting no for the graham/Cassidy hc bill. Thank you.
Please vote no

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
I couldn't believe how much Cassidy lied.My child is a Dr,she is very worried for her patients.Cassidy took a pledge to "Do No Harm" He does
Put yourself in children's and elderly like me (82) when voting on healthcare! Love you
I admire your courage and integrity. Please vote NO on Graham Cassidy bill.
Please save our health care again! Susan can not do this alone!
Thank you.
I hope you also protect Healthcare in this country. Please Vote NO on the Graham/Cassidy bill.
1. Repeal ACA. Than bipartisanship. Obama care has all the problems of the VA on steroids. Few choices limited options 4 provider & patient
Cancer patients will face a nightmare scenario if Graham Cassidy becomes
#VoteNo again  This is wrong for #Alaska and will make #America last

#VoteNo again  This is wrong for #Alaska and will make #America last 
Plz don't forsake country just for Alaska H'care bribe! I'm a DEM, but would consider u in 2020!
You used logic and reason on the last vote. Please apply the same logic to Graham/Cassidy. Americans all over need this coverage desperately
Please vote no

#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
I HOPE U R NOT VOTING THIS  NEW "VERY BAD HEALTH CARE" WHO VOTE FOR  U R A GOOD PUBLIC SERVENT DO THE RIGHT THING
I was recently in your great state!  You are an American leader!  Please vote no on graham-Cassidy bill!  See the bigger picture!
Vote no on the Trump care fiasco.
Protect us from #GrahamCassidy...much more dangerous than a wildfire. Vote no.
Please! You can't sell us out! Why can't we all have the ACA? Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
Please don't sell out the rest of the country because they offer Alaska special exemptions from bad policy. Please vote no on the bill.
Please vote no on Trunpcare. Our country is counting on you again.
 Please save us all!  #voteno
If you want to know how great the Graham-Cassidy bill is for states, the bribe for Alaska is that THEY GET TO KEEP OBAMACARE!!
The GOP is doing everything to buy your vote! Please don't betray the American people! Vote no to repeal & replace. They will betray you!
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/21/alaska-medicaid-cuts-senate-obamacare-repeal-242978 …
Please don't sell out the rest of the country for the sake of your state. Vote No #GrahamCassidy
Please don't be bought.....VOTE NO on Graham-Cassidy!
Why not work on something that matters - replacing Obozocare.
How about protecting the unborn? They cannot defend themselves.
Please vote NO on #CassidyGrahamBill

.keep your commitment to ACA  Medicaid rural hospitals opioids treatment vote NO say No 2bribes & threats @BillCassidy
How about chairing one on global warming and how it impacts wild fires.  Our children will judge us harshly and should. Shame on the GOP.
Vote for Graham-Cassidy. Premiums are crushing under Obamacare. . No options . Feels like extortion. No choice, no freedom
GREAT! get it done! PREVENTION! Be pro-active!
Please vote no on the healthcare bill
Don't vote the Cassidy-Graham terrible health bill.
Please don't yes on this the new terrible GOP health bill!!
Americans need you to vote no on Lindsey-Cassidy bill and protect healthcare for all. Please.
Please vote no on trumpcare2.
Thx for working on the grid. Just finished “Lights Out” by Ted Koppel. We must work on a plan against that threat!
Please vote NO to #GrahamCassidy
Thank you senator for your well thought out views and votes. 
Please say no to the befuddled  bill Graham-Cassidy.
Repeal obamacare,last chance to vote for us!
Please vote yes in the efforts to repeal.  We r counting on you
Do what is right for ALL Americans and please vote no on the healthcare bill
Great - would love to see you sponsor a bill on equal pay for equal work.
Alaska - ask your senator how this works?
NEW! AARP report on GrahamCassidy

For 60yo earning 25k/yr
-Pay $16,174 more…
Please continue to stand with women. Do Not vote for the Cassidy bill. Thank you for being a strong women to look up to.

Please vote no and save your constituents.
Its cheaper 2save the ACA & fix it $350 billion if repealed &replaced. Please vote No:Graham/Cassidy bill. Asking 4 millions of Americans.
BTW
Insurers Come Out Swinging Against New Republican Health Care Bill https://nyti.ms/2jK4opY  Say NO to #GrahamCassidy
Please do not support #CassidyGrahamBill please #SavetheACA
Bravo! Continue to be an American hero by voting NO on #GrahamCassidy.
Great. Now can you make sure millions of Americans don't lose healthcare ??
Please vote NO on Graham Cassidy bill. Don't ram thru a bill that will hurt millions and doesn't even have a CBO score! Regular order! Plz
please vote no on the Graham Bill. T1,diabetics need Ffordable insurance.
Why don't you protect the unborn also, defundpp already
I notice you say nothing about Graham-Cassidy bill-do you know AMA is agnst it-says it violates first do no harm http://tinyurl.com/yapwnlbl 
Wonderful. Now please vote NO on Cassidy/Graham. Don't burn us healthcare.
Vote No on Graham-Cassidy Senator Please save our healthcare. We look to you again to save us
Your state needs healthcare. Don't be bought off. Please stand firm and vote no on Graham Cassidy
Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy bill
Okay but please don't vote for Graham-Cassidy!!!!
No on Trumpcare. Thank you.
Vote no on Cassidy Graham. You know it's the right thing to do.
Vote no on graham bill-don't let them buy you off. We can fix ACA thru regular order and protect Medicaid! STAY STRONG-We r counting on u!
can you please help The United States of American. Please ? We want to live.
Please protect the vulnerable people in Alaska by voting NO on the Graham-Cassidy bill.
Under this bill, older adults can be charged five times what younger consumers pay for health insurance.
The age tax could increase annual premiums by $13,000, according to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO).
It allows insurers to charge higher premiums to consumers with preexisting conditions, potentially to levels that people cannot afford.
States could receive waivers allowing insurers to eliminate coverage for critical benefits.
Yes mam.  I appreciate that. I'm more concerned on your Graham-Cassidy vote. Do you support this more than the egregious bill you rejected?
Please think about children, elderly, disabled. No debates, hearings, CBO. Vote No on Trumpcare. Sending prayers that you vote the same.
Every major medical group opposes this bill. PLEASE, I don't want a tax cut, I want other Americans to have health care!
America, not just Alaskans are counting on you to do the right thing. Don't fall for the bribe they are offering you. Vote NO for all of us!
Please vote No on Graham-Cassidy
Country relies upon your knowledge and leadership. Now is the time to vote NO on Cassidy/Graham.Save American http://lives.Country  1st.
IT'S AWFUL THAT THE REPUBLICANS ARE HOLDING PEOPLE HOSTAGE AND IN LIMBO WITH THESE CRAZY HEALTHCARE VOTES
Please stick to your beliefs on health care. We want a system that helps everyone! Thank you.
Please save us from government health care. I have relatives in a country with government run health care. It's a disaster .
VOTE NO ON GRAHAM-CASSIDY
The GOP is giving your state extras to buy your yes vote on bad bill.   Please don't hurt other states and people.
Please continue to vote no Senator. Thank you!
I hope you refuse to support the Graham Cassidy Trumpcare Plan, a bill that will not receive  scrutiny or CBO score, and would hurt Alaska
As an Alaskan I am so proud of you!  Thank you for defending health care
Get health care right!
How can I even THINK of supporting the latest ACA repeal? You had courage before, stay strong!!!
If you vote for a separate deal for Alaska in the healthcare bill, you don't deserve to hold pubic office.
Please do not vote yes on Graham-Cassidy, it's a hideous, cruel bill
Lisa everyone is counting on you to protect them. Please please vote no #SaveACA #VoteNo
Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy bill. Seniors, the disabled, children and those with pre-existing conditions are depending on your vote.
U hold our lives in ur handsPls stay strong for all of us & vote #NOGRAHAMCASSIDY. Thank You
Please save the ACA and preserve healthcare for our country once again! The nation is counting on you to do the right thing.
apart from boredom, how did that b.s. help the nation???
Oh God, Senator Murkowski, please vote no on the Graham Cassidy bill!
Please vote no on latest disastrous Republican health care bill. It's morally wrong.
Please be careful with this new Health Care plan. It is worrisome.

Please show your moral courage once again and vote NO on the #GrahamCasiddy bill.
I'm not an Alaskan, I'm a Michigander. At 59, a blood vessel burst in my brain, subarachnoid hemorrhage stroke. Pre-exist condition. Help!
Please VOTE NO ON GRAHAM CASSIDY. This will leave many uninsured. NOT ok to have a child reach a cap and not be insurance again. Bad bill
Please Senator, please vote no on graham cassidy!
WE NEED YOU!
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Please vote no on new healthcare! Thank you
Great. Now please stay strong on healthcare. U know in ur heart Cassidy/Graham wld be devastating to families. Please. We need u to vote no.
Senator, please don't accept the healthcare bill "bribes" you're being offered! Remember how bad Sen. Nelson's "Cornhusker Kickback" looked!
Country before Party. VOTE NO!
My friends in Sitka need health care. They have pre-existing conditions. So does my daughter. Please vote no.
Ma'am PLEASE be the voice of reason again and vote NO on the Graham/Cassidy bill. So many vulnerable people are counting on you.
Please do the right thing for Americans and vote no on Graham Cassidy. We are begging you. You may be our only hope left.
please vote no again
Dont be bought off,have a little character!!
Yeah, that's definitely important. So is protecting people's healthcare with a NO vote next week on #GrahamCasiddy! People need you.
Vote no!
PLEASE vote NO on GRAHAM/CASSIDY for the sake of all American citizens.   Thank you! 
PS I am Independent Moderate
Alaska would loose,as well as Arizona,Maine more than any red states, if you really care 4your constituates vote NO
Please vote no on #GrahamCassidy
Please vote 'no' on Graham/Cassidy. Lots and lots of people are depending on you, Senator
Does she think she's allowed to tweet anything except vowing to oppose Graham/Cassidy?
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE...we implore you:  Vote against Graham-Cassidy bill!!  Vote NO.  America needs a hero!!
Please vote YES on #GrahamCassidy 
Republicans been promising to repeal ACA since 2010
This is close we can get
Please keep UR promise @GOP
Senator, please vote NO on the Trumpcare bill. All Americans deserve health care. Single payer is the only sensible solution. Remain ethical
So many are counting on senators like you to do the right thing and vote "no" on #GrahamCassidy
If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
Please don't end the ACA. Help fix it, but don't end it. VOTE NO on Graham Cassidy please.
Save Medicaid!!
Don't vote to prematurely kill Americans - vote NO on the crazy hateful Graham-cassidy bill.

America wants Sanders single payer healthcare
Send healthcare back to the states!
VOTE YES!
Oh my gosh--I just read that you sold out for a special formula for Alaska--how horrible-so,so wrong!!!!!!!
Senator, I'm from Michigan, my Dad has cancer. He very well could lose his insurance if GC passes. Please vote NO on this atrocity of a bill
Vote no on graham/ cassidy. Don't cave to the koch brothers machine. Please do the right thing. You know this is an awful bill.
Please vote no on #GrahamCassidy. Nothing has changed for the better since the last vote. The people that *wrote in your name* will be hurt.
VOTE NO NO NO ON the death care bill of #GrahamCasiddy
VOTE NO. Do the right thing America is watching
Senator Murkowski, we thank you for standing up for justice on the last "healthcare repeal vote" & implore you to vote NO for millions in US
Please protect people from Graham-Cassidy!Know you're good senator /person-but fellow Rs so determined to pass this awful bill. It's wrong!
#SaveOurCare #NORepeal #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Your vote will be remembered in years to come, when there's fallout or when the White House changes. You've shown integrity - now lead!
Please focus on what's best for your constituents. Alaska will suffer the most from the latest GOP repeal and replace.
U stood up to the bullying the last time. Nothing in this new bill is any better & in many ways, worse. Do the right thing, vote NO!
Thank you Senator Murkowski for exercising common sense Please vote no for the G/C -trump -ACA repeal -fix it instead
Please be strong (again) with this next healthcare vote! Alaskans and Americans need you!
Don't cave to the pressure being put on u by Graham & Cassidy. Are they going to sic Zinke on u again to make threats against ur state?
I support your efforts to keep our electric grids safe.  Please do the same with our health care.  Vote no.
Alaska Purchase will condemn millions of us to no insurance.
Please keep your vote against another heartless healthcare bill. It's mean and it's wrong.Your constituents and the American people need you
Please do the right thing for America and vote NO on #GrahamCassidy! We need your strong leadership.
Please vote no on #GrahamCassidy - not even scored by CBO. This will harm cancer survivors, kids with asthma, autism, diabetes. The elderly.
Right now we need you to tell us that you'll vote NO to this evil bill! These two scums think they're entitle to play w/the lives of 30M s
Please resign for the sake of America.
Please vote against this new attempt to take our healthcare.
Thank you for your leadership and patriotism. Please also protect our children by voting NO on Cassidy-Graham.
Lisa is going to rely on numbers from Trump's adm that are straight up lies to get her vote. We're screwed people.

https://twitter.com/imillhiser/status/910575030265925634 …
At this point in history you are one of the most important people on earth.  Use your power for GOOD.  Vote no on ACA repeal please
Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy. Thank you.
Vote yes on health care bill
Please, please vote, "no".
Right now we need your voice to oppose the Graham-Cassidy cruel bill.
Awesome Lisa! Vote no on the new health bill too!
That’s nice, but HEALTHCARE! Vote NO on GC! #KillTheBill
Why are you totally avoiding any discussion about #GrahamCassidy ? We need you now as we needed you this summer to defeat this thing!

Huh. Wife of GOP primary challenger to Dean Heller says Cassidy-Graham is "garbage" https://twitter.com/MrsT106/status/910278344410783744 …
Please vote NO on Graham Cassidy and save healthcare for millions of people
Please do the right thing! Vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill
#GrahamCassidyBill please vote NO! We need you to protect American's healthcare. You will be a hero.
