Thankyou for doing the right thing and saving Healthcare for the multitudesyou are a true Patriot
Thank you so very much for protecting not only your own constituents, but the entire nation! God Bless!
Thank you for staying strong and defending democracy and sensibility by voting no for skinny repeal - a victory for logic and common sense!
When can you be voted out?
U are unworthy ,move over to the corruption  of democrats, we don't need OBAMA insur.
Thank you Senator!!!
Because of you this country will prevail
And reminder to vote this woman out next election. I'm a farmer too
will not forget ur vote last night will be lined up to give to your opponent in 5 yrs I will even give to your dem having never voted for 1
Bye Bye #Sellout we will remember.
You can remember all you want, but you're from Texas, genius, and nothing you say will affect her standing.
Oh? Says the cat crazy lady?  I can contribute plenty. WATCH IT.
I'm a proud crazy cat lady, though! 
America stands with Lisa in the battle with our arrogant president. Remember Michelle, when they go low, we go high. Don't roll in the mud.
Oh yes you are so morally superior as you disrespect our president that's some high road.Curious how much do u pay for your health insurance
Let's hope we can replace people like you so Olivia can obtain decent healthcare insurance when she needs it. The shame is on YOU!
Lesve it to a strong woman to defend democracy and sense and decency. #DefendDemocracy #SaveACA
How exactly is repealing the ACA going against democracy? I really would love to hear the answer.
This is not good governance....it is mafia boss pressure applied for Koch Brothers & Trump to "win" at all costs....
I agree that the bill itself should not have been created in secrecy. However, that has nothing to do with repealing Obamacare.
The only reason they want to repeal obamacare is because Obama, they could fix ACA but they are too racist!
Your done book it
Thank you for supporting health care. I appreciate your no votes.
Exempt from OBAMACARE:
To afford insurance thanks to her n if you don't buy health insurance you get a nice fine every year from the IRS this woman is a FRAUD
Sen Murkowski great  job on the senate floor with a No vote protecting the poor and elderly. Thanks 
shame on u!  U r a rhino!   We need all republicans to stand together to debate, &repeal Obamacare.  U need to be voted OUT!
Love it. #FFA
Thank you for thinking about Americans and not blind allegiance to the GOP.
Traitor.
You don't care about the Farmer.  You acted like you cared about Health care but you didn't
This lady is a joke
Thank you for your vote today.  Many times doing the right thing isn't rewarded right away but, I truly believe it is in the end
The Medicaid queen.
Please thank her for me.
Notice the white pearls like her Mentally ill friend Collins!
You people are sick! Here is post about a FFA member and you make it political. Shame on you!!
Is she a pronoun? 
RYAN ZINKE IS SEXUALLY ATTRACTED TO LITTLE BOYS
Love FFA, but not you Ms Murkowski. Thank you for taking our liberty. I will be happy to support any conservative running to take your seat.

In 2015 @lisamurkowski publicly and enthusiastically supported a FULL REPEAL of Obamacare. 

Now she opposes…
SHES A FRAUD AND IS NOT A REPUBLICAN. SHE WANTED HILLARY TO WIN SO SHE COULD KEEP STEALING FROM THE PEOPLE WITH HER CROOKED PORK BILLS
Thank you Mrs Murkowski
Thank you very much
This TRAITOR is a fraud.she lied to everyone to get elected. We need to get rid of these crooks.she is a HILLARY backer and not a Republican
Uhhh just an FYI FFA is no longer an initialism for future farmers of America, they just kept FFA as of now it doesn't stand for anything
FFA THIS PIECE OF CRAP IS A LIAR! KNOW THAT! LET THAT SINK IN. DON'T TRUST A WORD COMING OUT OF HER LYING MOUTH.
Murkowski and @SenatorCollins are in the competition with each other for Camp Counselor of the year.  Who votes for these idiots?
can not play on fence you made a promise and lied to us all. your out We will remember
@lisamurkowski
Every Medical Org against @SenateGOP Bill(s). Per @ACSCAN 
@SenateGOP BREAKING: CBO says Republican's so-called "skinny" repeal would increase premiums by 20% NEXT YEAR. #SaveACA
They've increased +100% in many areas with OC. Do you care or is it the Obama Legacy you are fighting for? Save Democracy=Protect borders.
Ur courage of conviction n ur concern 4 ur Alaskans is admirable. We define ourselves not w/ the herd but by standing up as an individual!
We will vote Lisa Murkowski out of office soon
Another example of a do nothing politician with no stomach to follow through on years of promise to #ObamaCareRepeal. Thanks for nothing.
Thank YOU Senator for your courage in voting against repealing healthcare! You have millions of supporters! So proud of women in the senate!
What a nice Thank You BOT.  Give me a break.
I'm not a bot.I do have manners.While I'm sure we don't agree on all issues, we can be respectful.Ubavasi is Macedonian for you're beautiful
Please know that we, the people, support you & the beautiful state of Alaska In spite of the psychic free-fall of #PublicServant45
Stay independent. Alaska is beautiful, don't let trump taint its reputation. Everyone supports you.
Alaska stands with you! 
We encourage you to pass a new healthcare an quit wasting time
Primary this traitor
There is still a bright American future when stories like this surface
Too bad you won't help Alaskans, trader!!!
Way to go Olivia! *high five*
#Fraud, liar and traitor! #maga
Lisa, if Republicans lose power next election. You are responsible because you lied to win election. You are deep state and need voted out!!
Hope she can run for your Senate seat.
Please let them know that politicians like you are selling out their future by putting their generation deeply in debt!
Keep to go, @SenMurckowski, stay strong on those feelings for healthcare. You're the better Republican! Thanks @HardballChris @RepDanKildee
Feel bad for her parents healthcare plan!
Get to work on healthcare.  REPEAL.
Thank you for voting with integrity, brains, and heart!
So much for the rest of us with rising premiums and high deductibles.
You are a hero.
Thank you fir your courage.
Your not a republican
Vote Her Out!
senator murkowski, pls make criminal menacing complaint report to senate & dc cops against that walking pustule, @RepBuddyCarter .
Thank you for doing the right thing. Please continue to not allow millions of Americans to suffer without treatment.
You sure are busy having fun, all these fun events... No wonder your not able to focus on doing what you said you would... Repeal Obamacare
He needs a bill to sign, he's not like Obama and just deem it so
Thank you, Senator, for standing up for America's health in voting NO today. GOP must do better than this for us!
What's better than psycho
She's no Republican, bought and paid for by special interests, abortion, and planned parenthood. Disgraceful, RINO
Resign
You're not even from Alaska, troll. Go bother someone else.
Excuse me but I'm American are you?
Very much so, dear.
Yes, a WA liberal loon...and irrelevant  Buh bye..
Lobbyists own you.
Can't wait to see u voted out.. voted no?
Please leave the GOP Senate and join ur true Democratic allegiance
We don't need u or want u
Pay no attention to cheeto man America has your back
You are a liar. Either vote to repeal or resign.
Please vote yes on the skinny repeal bill! You voted no to send back to committee..why did u vote no to proceed to debate yesterday ?
We will get you out of office for abandoning us Republicans
Thank you for making sure tens of millions of people still have insurance!
You are a traitor for voting against the ACA repeal hope GOP bans you from any GOP funds and committees
Go join the Democrats you liar.
When are the people in Alaska going to wake up and vote out this grandstanding, lying, phones?
Crap: *phony
Thank you for your courage. Much respect from Austin, Texas.
Thank you for voting No! Thank You!
Good job Senator thank you for protecting Heath care
The only ones she is protecting are the insurance companies - she has them in her back pocket . My oremiums in TN are up 60% !!! WTF???
Move here Alaska has the BEST government in the USA  and Lisa is a righteous woman
U realize the people thanking u on ur Twitter feed are Democrats. I sometimes wonder if people who vote "nay" r getting a kickback. Hmmmmm?
Planned Parenthood
Lisa is all about murdering little babies.. sad
I agree with you Jeff, totally ! Her dad got her in. She's a RINO...Wolf in Sheeps clothing...very pompous...Vote her out...next election !
You know it's bad when (R) Murkowsky has a bunch of Democrats coming to her twitter feed and thanking her.  Alaska is ultra RED.  Repeal it!
Bot
She is amazing representative of Alaska Ag as well as the FFA. @SecretarySonny should have a chat w her as well. I was honored to meet them
I would not trust Lisa to make a cup of coffee. Deep state lying Lisa 
Why did you vote for a full repeal in 2015, but refused to vote for it in 2017?
Thank you for the vote of no complete repeal
Lisa is a better leader than Trump@@realDonaldTrump @cnnbrk @DrUmarJohnson .Trump want to help rich. Trumpis scared of blacks competing
thank you for voting no yesterday. What a sham. You are the last hope for decorum and civility.
We voted for the GOP for REPEAL.
Not to expand medicaid to every tom dick and harriet that wants it.
Wake up. Wish U were up 4 reelection.
Agreeing with "healthcare" bills that will harm 10's of millions is crazy! Thank you for being a voice of reason!
Sorry you're being bullied by Trump, but thank you for being a super strong female senator: a role model for girls everywhere!
Thank you for keeping on substance and continued focus on the real work that needs to get done for this country,
Give me a break! This ain't substance honey! Stopping my premiums from going up over 60%  is SUBSTANCE. Youre pathetic !
TYVM for you vote but I'm asking on my knees..........
https://twitter.com/_sirtainly/status/888057109115543552 …
please PLEASE just say something...JUST SAY SOMETHING...
127: #TrumpRussia #KremlinKlan
Russian money laundering bank owner #WilburRoss as Trump's Commerce Secretary cabinet member.
BIG DEAL!!!!!!! 
did you give her any explanation of how much more of her personal liberty youre going to vote away??
THANK YOU FOR STANDING WITH US!!!  Please VOTE NO on "skinny repeal" or the terrible GOP plans opposed by everyone who cares for people.


