Nothing about pre-existing conditions?
Resign Rino America deserves better then you I wish they would recall you NOW
Thank you. Can you work on eliminating the Jones Act so Puerto Ricans can get more aid? This will immediately save many lives.
Wow. Looks like this tweet worked.
You should have repealed Obamacare obviously you are a RINO.  Another RINO to vote out soon.
Wishy washy Lisa. Sad...
As a Democrat or Independent, I appreciate and admire your no vote on the prior bill. Simple, give us the same healthcare Congress enjoys.
@lisamurkowski Your News Release, however well worded, failed to state whether you were For or Against the bill. I'd hate to lose my ins. ..
Very disappointed that you didn't actually say you would vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill BEFORE they decided not to vote on it...very telling!
Thank you!!!
Thank you! Lisa
Do u believe $1,600 / mo. for a small biz catastrophic health plan is affordable healthcare?  If not kill the ACA and start from square 1!
Would you have voted no?
Very disappointing, Senator. I cannot believe you let Sen Sue Collins take the hit while you sat quietly hoping no one would notice. Shame!!
: You mean: decreasing cost for the rich & enhance early  demise of the 99% & leave space for the 1%.
Repeal HJR69..BRUTAL BILL
U don’t seem 2 have a spine & appear to easily cave in. Putting out weak statements after the game is over. U don’t care abt all Americans.!
She had to check in with Susan Collins
prove it....return the GOP money you received in the last 8 years
Thank You for trying on the ACA, and Medicare un-affordable med and basic care costs? need something in 2017
Thank you!!!
Trump says he had your vote on Graham-Cassidy after giving Alaska more money.  Is this true?

Reminder: Sen. Susan Collins of Maine was the only Republican to go against all five efforts this year at repealing Obamacare. Champion.
Liar when she said for the last 7 years she'd support a repeal. People are going broke trying to keep their families healthcare.
Thank you Lisa for your COURAGEOUS INTELLIGENT LEADERSHIP for ALASKANS ! History will take notice -
You won't vote for the repeal what are you doing about the rising cost of Medicaid & Medicare this needs to have something done.
Should have just said, “No, I won’t vote for another garbage bill.” That’s all.
Thank you Senator
Sure would like to hear a solid NO from you, Senator. I appreciate your help in this but I am tired of fighting for what should be a RIGHT.
I agree with this sentiment. Especially the part about lousy process
Some movement is better than doing nothing.  Enough blocking repeal.  Get out of office since you can’t work with other senators!
You say that its not feasible to get the Bill and vote on it that soon.Then in ur own words.U say uv been working on it 4 weeks.Which is it?
She does whatever Susan Collins tells her to do. She's a Dem who ran on a GOP  platform. She's about as Republican at Hillary.
So Sen Lisa Murkowski, yes or no would you have voted for this bill , with the Alaska provision added at last moment?  Simple question,
Shame on you. You need to vote "NO" for the welfare of our country
State flexibility sounds good but we shouldn't lose our healthcare if we move or change jobs
You are right We shouldn't lose our coverage for those or any other reason. That is why we need Medicare for all!
"The Republicans who saved Obamacare" I'm with the WSJ Editorial Board take. When we have socialized single payer no choice I'll reread it.
Thank you 4 your persistence. Hope there can now b thoughtful, #bipartisan work on #healthcare & #mentalhealthcare.
@lisamurkowski  "reducing cost, better access, providing quality healthcare " sited in your response is available by getting rid of the middleman aka Insurance companies and adopting single payer or Medicare for all
Word salad
Sorry u have unique problems in Alaska.  The rest of USA has unique problems too.  One thing to be said about health care, we ALL need it.
You can't deny that the people who drafted this bill were ignorant of everything about current healthcare issues of most of us! But thanks!
You sold out the rest of the country for a bribe for Alaska. Do you really think it will be for the good of all? My life or death lands on you. So much for respect since Trump just said you stand with him.
Thanks for flagging costs vis a vis healthcare.This issue is rarely brought up, but it’s what has got us to this point.Please work with HELP
This big bill needed more time. GOP needs to abandon repeal and just fix ACA it is working for some of us.
Why not just come out and say one way or another do you support cutting Health Care for Millions of Americans? Its Cowardly Lisa. URA Coward
Nice statement, Senator.  What does it mean?
TY for your Honesty, but remember your duty is to All Americans. Move to fix ACA not Cancel it.
This non answer statement is leading Trump to believe you were a yes. Is that what you want?
Trump just announced they have the votes & are going to try again January or February. He pointed to your statement as giving him hope. NG
Ol Lisa will stick with you for now
I UNDERSTAND SENATOR THAT U R LOOKING OUT FOR UR STATE BUT PLEASE LOOK OUT FOR STATES THAT HAVE NO VOICE BCAUSE IT'S BLUE!! 
PLS SAVE #ACA!!
You gave in and let the U.S. down.
I am counting on U not ever voting for a similar bill just bc Alaska’s gotten what it needs-not fair to other states. Strive for all states
You are a Republican and people cheering you on are not,  what is that about?
@lisamurkowski You did not show courage in your statement.  Wish you had just said "NO."  Bill did not aid Alaska, nor the country.
Last time you were a firm no.  This bill is much worse and you waffle.  @SenatorCollins was brave and said no.  You, not so much. Sad.
So are you a yes or no? Bottom line?
Trump thinks this is a yes
He lies about EVERYTHING! He's a compulsive, pathological liar. He knows they don't have the votes, if so they would vote.
To be clear, are you voting YES or NO on the #GrahamCassidyBill which would harm public health?
Thank you senator. Please continue keeping watch over shameful repels. Jimmy Kimmel was closer to the truth when he shared his son's story.
Please continue to push for regular order!
Senator, the substance of this bill is cruel, for the whole country, not just Alaska. We do not want to go back to days I remember too well.
The President is tweeting about positive signs from you. Saying No to Graham-Cassidy would protect Alaska, without hurting the rest of us.
We are certain Murkowski would not vote for a bill that would cause misery & suffering for million, even though they were not in Alaska
This morning, on twitter, trump felt the need to insinuate youre in his pocket now. Prob need to remind you HSAs are NOT health insurance
My family is counting on Obamacare repeal. We're suffering! Repeal Obamacare now. There will never be a perfect bill.
Please don't back down on your commitment to the American people!
Thank you for your statement.
I'm not sure by reading that statement how she would've voted.
GOOD! pls keep work on ur colleagues get this done. can u speak w @SenatorCollins @JohnMcCain @SenTedCruz Can u guys PLEASE get this done?
please remember PEOPLE OVER POLITICS, G-C may be trying to get your vote by singling out Alaska to keep ACA but that doesn't help others
Thank you, Senator! You are a voice of reason in a sea of sludge.
Thank you.  This is shameful by the way.
Trump is tweeting that he has your vote. Don't betray the people who are counting on you to literally save their lives! NO REPEAL/REPLACE!
WOULD YOU REALLY SELL OUT THE REST OF THE COUNTRY FOR ONE STATE?? I GUESS YOU WOULD AND WHAT THEY'RE PROPOSING IS ILLEGAL! GET REAL!
You really have lied to Alaskans and no fulfilled your promise. Get out of the SWAMP!
thank you!!!!
TRump tweets you are almost at yes and there will be a vote before 9/30z. Please @lisamurkowski say that isn't true. #SaveACA #BeOurHero
Disappointed. You stood up for the whole country last time! I guess bribes work. BTW, HSAs don't work for the disabled! No access to them!!!
THANK YOU!
Reform healthcare by fixing
aspects of #ACA that need fixed 
not by #GrahamCassidyBill

Please #VoteNo
I am so proud of Alaska for having a Senator like you.
Thank you
All RINO's like you, will be voted out. You do nothing for American Citizens. You offer no solutions. Ashamed of you.
Is this a "NO"? I get your not one size idea, but cancer doesn't discriminate by state, our health ins shouldn't either.
That would be your Leftist Propaganda to Justify Joining Democrats to Force Obama Down our throats for eternity.#Lie-to-Get-Elected Traitor
Another me me me statement
Thank you senator
Thank you for thinking of us all Senator. You are appreciated and respected.
America is disgusted with do nothing Senators like you. You Offer No solutions nothing. You are a Waste of time. Resign
Thank you for holding your ground and putting Alaska first
Thank you Senator Murkowski
Even if late, I'm glad you came out as a no. Thank you for listening to all of your constituents and not just your corporate donors and GOP.
You did the right thing last time. Not this time.They got to you.
1 A solid NO would have been nice2 does the lack of a solid no mean you need a #betterbribe to screw the rest of the country?#GrahamCassidy
A day late and a dollar short. Hardly brave of you after #GrahamCassidy was DOA. Where were you when Sen. Collins needed support?
"Giving control back to the states" means healthcare is a lottery based on zipcode. It's long past time for #MedicareForAll.
NO. Vote no! If you have a conscience and care about #children  #elderky #specialneeds say no. The bill is dead, so do it for your own soul!
Lost my respect for you when you let everyone "sweat it out" waiting for your vote.  SIngle payer - Medicare for all.
Disgusting!! You elites make me sick!!
Thank you for your integrity and service to all Americans. *hug*
Thank you for voting against Graham Cassidy
I don't know what you positions here.  Are you saying as long as Alaska is protected then you will sell out the rest of the states?
Senator..I am just going to assume that you would have voted NO if it came down to it, and for that I thank you!!
Thanks for putting THE PEOPLE FIRST.
Thank you!! 
Thank you for your care. Not sure healthcare should vary state to state. We need to get this right. Americans deserve that. Taking too long.
Sounds reasonable. I had no idea that 80% of Alaskan communities are not accessible by car. Wow! Alaska is lucky to have @Lisamurkowski
Keep this in mind when see charts re Alaska getting most federal money per capita. Unique problems, and large military population.
Federal healthcare money? Just wondering...
Federal money in general. Unique challenges in Alaska, higher Medicaid expenses (travel is a large share). And military drawing salary.
Thanks. I had not thought about military. How to take unique states into consideration but still have same Federal benefits as others? Sigh
Glad That They Pulled The Bill...?
It Sure Would Have Been Nice If You Had Spoke Up Days Ago,
Instead Of Allowing People To Wait In Fear...
Thank you for standing up with this letter when you didn't have to. You could have remained silent. We appreciate you.
Well said.  Thank you, and I appreciate your turning to the HELP Committee for pursuing these issues.  As it should be.
What a cop out
Please work with others and try to fix problems with ACA.  Please stabilize.
*
Please vote NO on the Cassidy Graham bill. Do not sentence 24 million people in to death.
Next vote remember us w pre-existing conditions It's not our choice to have an illness We're not wealthy & costs could bankrupt us
Madam Senator. While thankful for your earlier no vote, I am disappointed that you didn't speak up earlier. Bipartisan bill is the answer.
People are paying attention. Your statement came last.
Thank you, Senator Murkowski.
Quite disappointed that your priority here seems to be appeasing the appalling liars and would-be-voter-killers Graham and Cassidy.
Thank you for saying no.  Real Bipartisan work is needed to help fix what is broken. We can't rush a bad bill through for big donors
Thank you!
You are a gem!

Vote out all GOP Dem Reps sabotaging supporting voting for ACA Repeal

Impeach Trump Pence

DUMP Ryan McConnell
Happy?
Today was a victory in our fight to save health care for millions. But remember this: The fight won't end until we flip the House & Senate.
Thank you Senator. You're brave & up against idiots in suits who threatened you. We appreciate your support. You saved a lot of lives.
Thank you fro South Carolina!!
Thank you FROM South Carolina! Sorry about the miss spell.
I would have preferred to see you recommit to a bipartisan approach. Nothing else is going to create stable healthcare in this country.
Thank you!
I wish you would have come out with a solid no like Senator Collins did. Appreciate you calling out the lousy process this was.
Good, fair statement, Sen Murkowski.
Paraphrasing for you....screw the middle class...and screw the majority
Thank you, Senator, for many generations.
if you tax oil rigs to pay for refinery deal up here and provide cessna parts. your bill cut in half.  And health care would be next to null
The time for you to have spoken out was before the vote cancellation not after. You left it to others to stand up...disappointed.
for alaska see if you could get a deal on cessna parts for the fleet of planes we got to compensate for bush medical. would cut price down
Hush with the criticism! She is doing right by her constituents and the country by thoughtfully considering.
To make this easier looking ahead: just pledge now you won't say yes to any bill that takes healthcare away from millions. Easy, principled.
Thank you Sen. Murkowski for your diligence in vetting this bill given time deadlines.Thanks for AK & the USA as they tried to buy your vote
Nice statement until ...continued effort to do this stressful process AGAIN, bipartisan fix to ACA and no sabotage by trump is the answer
I do not understand why your party is trying to devastate this system. It is reprehensible. Fix what is already there.
Thank you!
We hope to see more & more reality based smart thinking and less crazed ideology and partisan power playing in leaders, Senator. Thank you!!
This is absolutely a disturbing comment. Are Alaskans more deserving of healthcare than other states? I don't think so. You've been bribed.
Lisa Murkowski :  A Prayer:" Precious Jesus, allow Lisa to reap what she just sewed, Amen"
Empty lady who makes empty promises, doesn't care about her constituents, she has Senate Health Care Coverage, so that's why she doesnt CARE
Thank you @lisamurkowski
I lost a lot of respect for you when you would not answer the question whether you'd vote yes or no repeatedly. My guess is yes, with bribes
hey lisa, how bout it's just a bullshit bill and you were 1st in line for the 'arm twisting'
I'm glad there will be no vote but am disappointed that you seemed ready to be http://bought.You  are kissing G-C asses-shame on you

Thank you so much for what you're doing for Alaska! You went forward for all Alaskans. You truly represent Alaskans and our values
So U say U have been working the last few weeks on trying to find the data? WOW!! OK so what have you been doing the last 6 yrs 2 get data?
Very disappointed. But we need to look fwd. now. God give u wisdom to work in a bi partisan way and fix this healthcare crisis
You are a lying traitor. You voted clean repeal before. Now you won't. You have betrayed voters. Total failure. #recallmurkowski
She cannot be bought and sold.Fix the ACA stop talking badly about it.The ACA has potential   use it.
So would you have voted no or is what I heard about more money for Alaska enough to sacrifice the rest of who have conditions not covered
WEENIE STATEMENT
why didn't you come out sooner wth a definitive  yes or no to Graham Cassidy? disturbing after your strong stand on the previous bill.
Just read that you may vote yes to this in 2020, please don't. All Americans need affordable healthcare. Fix the ACA, no repeal/replace
too little, too late. you're no senator, but a coward.
Thank you.  You actually are an independent!
your diligence is admirable  but the data is out there - center for budget priorities, Kaiser family foundation - look!
Humanity matters! Women and children's health needs matter! All citizens deserve same healthcare you receive! Please put self over politics!
Give up your exemption & subsidies cause you bunch of bums that need to be primaried
You've had 8 years, not just a few days like in your statement
This letter reads like you want Graham-Cassidy. SUPER LAME. Every healthcare group, most GOVS, medicare directors, citizens, etc. HATE it.
So stick with O Care & see how that works for ya.
Another cave- the rest of us middle class poor folks have to endure the terrible o care- thank much senator
@lisamurkowski thank you for your support, and for putting the "R" back in republican.
Thank you, Senator.
They made it safe for you to come out of hiding... could have spoken out earlier
Thanks a lot for screwing us...the dems will never work with republicans on healthcare, single payer here we come.
Little late to the game @lisamurkowski
Please consider your vote carefully. This affects millions of Americans, not just Alaskans.
There will not be another dime from my pockets to the @GOP @GOPChairwoman as long as you are in this party. You are a liar and fraud!!!
This is a non-statement. I like to think you would have been bolder had it come down to your vote.
Is this a No? Senator @SenJohnMcCain and @SenatorCollins were a firm NO. Did GOP really bought you out? We need all of America insured.
Thank you for having reason, logic, courage, and heart. My family was terrified of contents of G-C.
I'm concerned your statement doesn't foreclose a deal that benefits Alaska but harms the rest of the country. I hope we're in this together.
Dear "Substance matters" and "I will not be bought off" Senator,
Thank you for keeping the spirit of American alive today.
Thank you, Senator Murkowski. Look forward to seeing your contributions to reasoned, bipartisan reform.
