What a traitor! Hopefully your State won't support you at the ballot box.We elected Trump, stand with him & his agenda. Swamp needs drained.
I'm never voting for her again. Obviously her pockets are lined w/lobbiest cash. I thought she wouldn't be like that. So sad!
That is what's wrong with WA,DC.  They go with good intentions, but when going gets rough, they cave in.
Hard to swallow their vacation when there is so much to be done. Right? Feels like a hard punch in the gut to working Americans.
REPEAL Obamacare!!  @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP
Let me guess: Floriduh?
AMERICA! 
Much better than Floriduhhhhhh 
Wasting money , time and breath instead of being in D.C. Working. Can't wait to watch ur reelection loss.
Hilarious how so many mindless trolls live in Floriduh 
Maybe u should be a travel agent.  Liars knows u be better at that then as a Rep Senator!   Betrayer to ur party and people U represent
I agree. You know what, why don't you stay and stop screwing the rest of us over that are paying ten times more for healthcare
Most hated woman in Alaska!
Please tell @POTUS  that he must denounce white nationalists and nazis IMMEDIATELY. His silence is empowering them.
How's health care and tax reform going?
Voting to repeal and replace obamacare beats it.
I flew from Sitka to Kake in May. I couldn't take my eyes from the plane window for a second!
But Trump wants to destroy all this
Have fun cause we want you OUT!
Lucky you... I can't believe you guys get so much vacation. Guess it's that low expectations policy you all have. No need to get stuff done.
Amazing how beautiful...mother nature!
I very happy because you will have plenty of time to enjoy it after the next election. @SenatorCollins and @SenJohnMcCain can join you!
help us please
FACT: Trump & his racist administration have over & over again dog whistled & reached out to, and invited in, white supremacists. 
Perhaps you should retire to enjoy the scenery.....and leave leadership to others better equipped to do the job.
Yeah, I like it too. Why don't you just continue your scenic cruise indefinitely.
As long as you're a Senator I won't step foot in Alaska. You're a liar and fraud!
How you doing with that Soros money

Denali. Please don't let Trump change the name back to McKinley.
You voted repeal in2015 and not in 2017. This makes you a liar. You lied to get 6 more years. Worse than Obama.
Then please work hard to protect this great land from the pillagers. #nopebblemine #saveourwildsalmon
I'm a southeast AK girl and I just want to say THANK YOU for standing up for your constituents!  #Lisa2020
Some dad in Sitka wonders how you stand on Trump blundering into nuclear confrontation for no good reason? Seems, I dunno, irresponsible.
Please stay strong & ignore the bots. Your page seems to get high bot traffic
You should be back in Washington trying to figure out how to Repeal & Replace Obamacare. Not on a 5 week vacation in Alaska.  RESIGN!
It's all about you .... trssj
Get back to work !
beautiful scenery! lovely getaway Senator
Protect it from Trump's EPA.
Nothing beats the scenery we could all witness if you would retire, for betraying the Republican Party. I don't have insurance do you
That's beautiful.
Thank you for you intelligent approach to issues in Senste.
Couldn't agree more!
It is breath taking beauty out there.
That's terrific but you own Obamacare and it's a loser!!! All Americans will be harmed by it! Unconscionable and unacceptable
yeh if I had affordable health insurance maybe my wife and I could travel there and enjoy the views as well. #hypocrite
Soon it will be gone.  #ImpeachNow
I'm glad you are enjoying flying around your beautiful state. You're no vote on repeal and replace Obamacare has hurt millions of Americans
You only changed your vote from yes 15 months ago to no a couple of weeks ago because you don't have to run for reelection. Shame on you
Gorgeous!
Grow up and #DefundPP
Maybe you should be working on Obamacare repeal? Instead of taking scenic trips on tax payer dime
When is repeal and replace going to happen? What about tax reform? Immigration reform?
I heard they really don't care for u there,,
No wonder, your a traitor,

Resign from the senate and you can stay in Alaska. #traitorRINO #repealACA #VoteLisaOut
We visited your beautiful state in 2014 and loved it!
Nature is awesome!!
I'm going to visit someday!
Easy to be inspired out there! Thanks again for your principled vote on health care.
Please protect it for future generations. Open season on oil drilling will ruin it, and you know it. Accidents always happen.
My backyard!!!
the pic yesterday with the salmon made me wish i was there
absolutely beautiful
NH is pretty nice, too.  Thanks again for your vote, Senator.

