Vote no on death care bill
https://twitter.com/give_meliberty_/status/912734780617318401 … Please don't let America down. People over Party.  We need heroes in Congress not villains. #KillTheBill
GOP Attempts To Bribe Alaska Senator By Letting Her State Keep Obamacare https://lawnewz.com/high-profile/gop-attempts-to-bribe-alaska-senator-by-letting-her-state-keep-obamacare/ … via @law_newz
Please vote no on Graham Cassidy. It's bad for America.
Please remember to put the American People first
Isn’t that what you pledged to do
This is a human issue,not a political issue
KILL BILL
#Applause Rozann Kimpton, Alaskan '2017 Angel in Adoption' honoree, with Senator Lisa Murkowski @Ch2KTUU @alaskadispatch @ktva @kakm
why are you playing coy? announce your intention on Gramm-Kassidi in the form it is in right now.
Please vote No on GC bill. Rand Paul is making deals to make bill worse than it already is.  Dear God let this nightmare end!
You are a Republican woman making a difference. Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy to put this heinous bill to rest!
Senator, will you be coming out against the #GrahamCassidyBill? It would be the right thing for you to do.
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
Wishing you a wonderful day, Senator, and asking you to please publicly declare your opposition to #GrahamCassidyBill. We need you!
I don't know if she did or not, but 4 others did and that's all it took! IT'S DEAD IN THE WATER! 3 strikes their out!
You know, you turned out pretty good.. your folks would be proud!
Graham Cassidy is officially dead. Thank God. And no thanks to Murkowski, who never officially opposed it.
I hope you will vote NO on Graham in order to protect health care for similar people in the other 49 states. #trumpcare #obamacare

Trump just wants a quick win at the expense of our children, the physically and mentally challenged and the elderly. We deserve better! 
Please vote no on Graham Cassidy Bill
Have lost all respect for you...
Thank you so much!!!  Still NO healthcare!!  Hope you are enjoying yours
Please make an important life giving difference with a NO vote on the health care repeal. Thank you!
Now let's make sure she has Health Care-----Vote No
Please DECLARE your Intent to VOTE NO on GC Bill! AK&US are waiting to hear you DO NOT support this devastating bill & will NOT BE BRIBED!
If you dont vote yes, resign and run as a Dem.. support murder of babies so we can support 40yo alcoholic smokers. BS
That is all very nice, but all of America is waiting for your announcement on how you plan on voting on the #GrahamCassidyBill
Please declare your intentions on the cruel healthcare bill Graham Cassidy. Please be our hero!
Help the people who have suffered through Ocare.I am sure there are people in Alaska who need help.
Senator please publicly state a NO vote on G-C healthcare bill.  We all know we can’t trust Rand Paul.  Your vote would ease our minds.  ty
Please repeal the Jones Act and help PR.
Are one of the sellout votes?
RINO
Maybe when Alaska's glaciers melt your heart for the sick in this NATION, yes nation not state, might melt with them!
Thank you, Sen. Lisa Murkowski!! You save all of us against the graham-cassidy nightmare.Thank you for being a real woman and a real person!
Senate Republicans Abandon Obamacare Repeal http://Effort.Now  Sen Murkowski,you can relax,because you do have to say you voted"YES"
Please publicly declare NO on the healthcare bill! It's not over until it's over. Otherwise it could be resurrected at the last minute.
So disappointing that you didn't raise your voice against graham Cassidy.
Sen Murkowski-please vote no on this healthcare bill.   Force a bipartisan initiative making both parties accountable.
Why are you supporting Planned Parenthood? Is the $$ worth it to you?
It's about the entire country not just your state. I'd be dead if this was in place when I had cancer.   PLEASE #VoteNo. Thank you.
We know you're doing great things for Alaska   Please VOTE  NO  ON G-C   Thank you!
Please vote NO! Elderly people like Rozann will end up w/no insurance. It's heartbreaking to even think of it! Be the Hero for your 
Say NO to G/C, Rozann needs Medicare 2 stay in tact, my mother would have died 20 years earlier if not for Medicare, she paid taxes 4 years
Please make public your 'No' vote for GC and work with both sides to fix the problems that plague the ACA.
Thank you, Senator.
@lisamurkowski Please Senator, #Americans need your decision, and we really can't/won't rest until we get one. Yes or No on #GrahamCassidy?
Please vote no on G-H bill, we are counting on you doing what's right, not be bribed or bullied.
WADR, this is nice, but please announce that you will not support G-C. Be a hero. We will remember who stood with Trump, and who with USA.
Please be strong and vote no
Shut up and quit f*****g us already.....
Health care vote?
Be a no
We would respectfully request a no vote this week....please join with sen mc cain and collins in helping American citizens...we need you
Put healthcare back to the states! Leaving #ACA in tact that only benefits 4% of Americans is a disgrace.
And taking away, birthcontrol, making coverage for anything other than a bandaid unaffordable while removing 10% off insurance is WHAT?
Is it a honor for you to lie to get elected then maintain the high costs, job killing #ObamaCare? #DrainTheSwamp
Congratulations to all! Please continue to do the right thing, vote NO on Graham Cassidy. Thank you.
Where is your NO vote?
congratulations!
Senator, if HC bill is brought to the floor for a vote, please vote NO regardless of what others say they are doing.. We need a strong show.
Senator-you do so much good for people in your state.  Please continue with voting NO for #GrahamCassidy. Thank you!
Vote no.  Please.  My son's life could depend on it
THANK you for CARING for your Constituents! You Did the RIGHT thing! Blessings to You & Your Family!
Thank you in advance for voting NO on #CassidyGraham Patients appreciate it.
She hasnt announced yet....
We are still waiting on your NO vote on the #GrahamCassidyBill  come on Senator #StandUpAgain

Thank u Senator Collins on behalf of my #braincancer fighter son who is in remission. #ACA saved his life. He is now in college part time. 
Stand strong against the GC wealthcare.  Thanks!
Please stay strong about rejecting Graham-Cassidy healthcare bill.
congratulations to Rozann! DO THE RIGHT THING!
Who cares vote no
