Murkowski for Alaskan Democrat Senator.
Thank you x's 3! I appreciate your tenacity to stand against the tide and bullying and vote for what is right. ~ Donna from CA
As Democrats praise you for caving to them, the Party that held you in high regard is embarrassed that you turned your back on us today.
No one caved to anything the senator stood by her people. Thank you senator I hope to see more stand for what they believe
You can't back out of ACA without a solution you may not use it but others do and the world doesn't revolve around you
His world does revolve around him and others have no moral right to his money.
Not a very Christian thing to say
To set up a tried and true Medicare for all
This democrat vs republican needs to stop...at the end of day, we are all affected by this childish BS.
Thank you. I hadn't realized how high AK premiums are. We def need to fix this. What are options? What about Medicare for all?
Pew: 60% say fed govt is responsible for ensuring health care coverage for all; Of them, 33% now favor single payer
The 60% quoted here are the people already on the dole! Ask the people who actually have to pay for it.
I would rather cost share healthcare to bring costs down than to continue to senseless enrich greedy rich bastards in our Healthcare system!
Then why hasn't it brought down the costs?
Bc greedy ins cos.
But Obamacare was supposed to bring it down & make it affordable for everyone?
That was the lie they told us. The reality is it was designed to fail, just ask Jonathan Gruber!
You are a liar and a traitor point blank
.@lisamurkowski do you remember 1.5 yrs ago when you DID SUPPORT 2015 #Obamacare REPEAL Bill? We do. Youtube does:
Oh my god its almost like people can CHANGE THEIR OPINION? Scary thought I know.
It's all about keeping funding for planned Parenthood
She stated earlier this year she wouldn't vote for a repeal w/o replacement. Also PP keeps teen birth rates low
By performing abortions? Wow, that's something to be so proud of.
Your statement has nothing to do with mine. Come back when you have something of substance to say.
Keep denying the obvious. @PPact are ABORTION CLINICS & barely anything more.
My local clinic doesn't do abortions so again come back when you've got something of substance to say
You will saddle us with Obamacare instead of getting rid of that turkey.  Repeal it, then go to work on your Democrat friends for change.
You're spot on.  You voted to do nothing.  You stand for nothing.
Thank you for your No vote today. Your courage and your respect for the people of Alaska will be rewarded.  Sending good vibes to you
Tell the truth are you on Soros payroll? Panned parenthood must go. No real republican support it
On you on the Koch Brother payroll?
You go away troll just no point to argue back & forth w ppl like you.
All markets need to be viewed and considered together, Senator.
, Please continue to hold this position &  vote no on this latest effort at gutting ACA. Without ACA my brother will die.99515
My recent statement on the Senate Healthcare Process: 
Thank you, Lisa Murkowski. We need something BETTER.  Not every person for themselves.
Thank you for your courage and leadership Senator Murkowski-.
Thank you for caring for all Alaska residents.
For a lot of us the ACA is a great thing, and yes it needs to be improved especially for rural Americans. So let's improve it.
TRAITOR. You won't win re-election
She needs to go. I will give money to anyone who primaried get. What a fraud.
It's #ACA that is causing all the problems you mention. #FullRepeal of #ObamaCare would allow free markets to fix the situation.
The free market doesn't want cancer patients though #ACA
Liberals want rich to pay more taxes so why don't they want to pay for high risk patients w/ tax dollars instead of screwing me & my family?
Liberals want the rich to pay more taxes as long as it doesn't pertain to them.
RINO!Why aren't you concerned with working people that have ins but can't go for care b/c deductibles are too high to afford going?
Why we must ban together 2 get GREED out of all aspects of Health System 2 bring cost down. Only way to do it is to #Fight4Medicare4All
Govt needs to get out of Healthcare! Do you want GOVT/COURTS to determine IF you deserve treatment or not like #CharlieGard ?
1. Medicare buy in for all isn't what the UK has. Theirs is more like the VA where drs, nurses, etc are employed by the VA (in UK it's NHS).
2. Medicare is single payer, but health care remains in private sector, but for-profit ins cos are out of the equation. Everyone pays same
3. amount for premium & still uses private sector drs, clinics & hospitals, not govt health care employees. Very diff than the UK's NHS sys.
Also, if Charlie Gard was born in Amer to parents with little money, no one here wld care & court wldn't be involved - lack of money wld.
You are so wrong, Charlie Gard he would become a ward of the state and have best healthcare in the State of Michigan.
Thank you for putting country/state/constituents before party, Senator Murkowski!! You've done the right thing.
Will you hire her when she loses the next primary?
Agree, except it's not the failure of the ACA, rather the failure of congress to being able to create a plan that works well for all.
We need to get the government out of health insurance (it's not CARE)! Period!
I truly hope your grasp of the facts and your conscience guide your decision to kill graham-cassidy. Baseless ideology serves no purpose.
No you are wrong. People have been paying higher premiums under the Unaffordable non care act since the start.  Repeal and then replace!
Sounds like @lisamurkowski should start packing her bags..
Thank you for the courage and decision to back health http://care.You  have been added to my very short Hero list.
You want to work with party that created this mess?  You are really a closet Democrat.  #RepealObamacare or voters will #RepealMurkowski
Next time she loses the primary, don't let her win as a write-in!
You should step back and consider the many promises Repubs made to the American people to repeal Obamacare. You voted for the repeal 3 TIMES
S 223: Repealing the Health Care Bill. You voted YES
S 22: To repeal the Patient Protection and ACA and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 entirely. Cowardly didn't vote
S 3762: Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015. You voted YES.
This was all a show, then. You voted YES and campaigned on it when you knew it couldn't pass.
A liberty score of "F - 22%"
Congrats patriot!  We the people, not we the corporations need healthcare! 
As if the Founders would support govt health care..idiots.
Founders believed in democracy...we the peoole have spoken.  Perhaps tou are unclear what democracy means?
Actually, the founders believed in a Constitutional Republic which held democratic ELECTIONS
So are you saying you prefer the tyranny of the minority?
Thank you. Serious question: is single-payer even in the ballpark for consideration?
It seems like this is the most straightforward & effective long term solution. Why aren't more Senators taking about this?
.@Cenphx @akj3 Because single-payer is a horrific solution. Do you really want the gov't running your healthcare? Have you been to the DMV?
Yes I do want the government running my healthcare. Have you seen how insurance screw over many Americans?
LIES. All you want is taxpayer dollars at any cost.
You voted to repeal in 2015. You are voting NO now just to derail #Trump. The people KNOW! You are working to DESTROY Republican Party!
She's voting no bc 20-23% of Alaskans rely on MC & CHIP. Repealing w/o fixing the exchanges & prem problems for the 1/x
Every breath they take is BECAUSE they HATE #Trump. She's colluding with that other evil hater to derail Trump's agenda. THAT IS ALL. Sorry
Has nothing to do with hating or not hating him. In fact, he's done very little w re: to this bill. Her view has to do w the bill, not him.
And, the only ppl working to destroy the party is trump & a few extreme ideologues. Compromise gets things done. Extremism doesn't progress.
FACT: #Trump is the last SAVIOR of @GOP. If they take him down, the Republican Party is DEAD FOREVER. The people LOVE ONLY #Trump!
Yes, nothing says "We love you" like a 36% approval. Ppl outside the conspiracy theories bubble don't think of him as a savior of anything.
OMG! #Trump approval was 36% RIGHT BEFORE the election & he WON 3000 counties. Polls were fake then & now. THEY HATE TRUMP. THEY LIE!
Please work to improve the ACA. Letting it fail or allowing @realDonaldTrump to let if fail is not fair to those of us who rely on the ACA.
Thank you for standing with the people, with democracy and with decency! 
You live in a fantasy world where the idea of bipartisanship exists, while they call for GOP blood in the streets. You are a fool or a tool.
If you are a fool, you need to quit your post, if you are a tool of the Dems, you need to be fired!
I hope the people of Alaska feel just as angry as the rest of us and remember these liars come election time
We are Alaskan GOP 'elephants'... we have very long memories!  #RepealObamacare
I'll continue to support and vote for @lisamurkowski as she is an amazing senator to the state, who for once, cannot be bought 
She is a fraud
Phony. #RepealObamacare now! Swamp will say anything to get elected, lip service about #repeal then back out. Voters are sick of DC antics

Someone said he said that. People say a lot of things about him not true.
Do they? Are the recordings fake too? Come on, stop protecting someone that cares nothing about you. It's not about a party...stop
Some people would rather just believe what they want to believe. They'll continue to look at him as their Messiah til the end of time. Sad.
I still can't believe that it's gone this far, there will always be a need to make things better...but this guy is nuts.
I know, right? This guy is the catalyst that has made bipartisanship seem like such an impossible fantasy! Why do they still blame the left?

You must trust our President. You work for "We the People"
Thank you for standing tall against an insane party. Thank you. I worry for the future of this country because of your party. Impeach DT Now
At least Dems had discipline to do theirs, shame on you. Time to replace you and drain the swamp. u guys have don't deserve to be in power.
for 8 years u guys run on repeal&replace OC and now you can't even come up with a plan.
You don't seem to care that we don't want it fixed, WE WANT IT GONE. Hypocrites like you get waivers while we are stuck with this garbage
The ACA is only good for low income Alaskans and negatively affects middle class Alaskans. With ACA small business also suffers!
Thanks for putting the people of Alaska & the U.S. ahead of Trump & his minions. Keep up the good work.
Proud to see you put American first over party. To bad the rest of the GOP doesn't have your class
what a joke u are democrat
Why not repeal and then get all ak pls opinion on what they need and will tolerate?
ACA is Based on Medicare which interferes with doctor-patient relationship and invites institutional fraud. AK can't bail out fixed market!
Get something done, Senator.  Your Dem friends won't help. Pick a side.  But don't be wrong!  Don't win the battle but lose the war!
@lisamurkowski Your AK GOP constituents have very long memories of your No Vote today! You lied to us in 2015! #RepealACA #RepealAndReplace
Thank you for voting against moving on w/mystery bill slated to hurt 20-30 million Americans, including Alaskans. Pls keep fighting for us.
You turned your back on the American people and your party today! Neverforget!
Thank you for your courage & independant action on Health Care. We need #GOP & bipartisan work to amend (not repeal or replace) ACA.
could not agree more! stay strong. thank you for your "no" vote today.
Thank you for being the voice of reason on health care and for putting the American people first.
With another no vote how do you expect to give Alaskans a better Healthcare program. Bad!!
Shame in you, Senator, for opposing debate on the Healthcare bill.  Compromise is only possible with dialogue and discussion.
There's still time 2 vote 4 REPEAL. AK voted 4 it http://bit.ly/AKvotDT  Respect your constituents' &'s heed. U voted on it B4 already
Bless you for voting your conscience against Swampcare billionaires, Sen.
You will be replaced.  RINO.  You aren't even in favor of DEBATING the new health care.  Poor excuse for a senator.  Join HRC in the woods.
Thank you!
Please continue to courageously oppose repeal and replace. Improving the ACA is the only way to allow all to stay insured and lower costs.
"Skinny" so politicians can claim a victory while Americans DIE? It is all about POTUS greed & tax cuts for wealthy @GOP stand up, vote NO
Vote NO on this horrible bill Senator McCain is lucky to have the best healthcare in the world. Would you deny others that basic right.....
I hope you still are holding to this this week!
#SHeroNEEDEDNOW U R safe until 2022. LEAD: #ProtectPreExistingConditions, #PreserveMedicaidExpansions. #NOTaxcut #SaveOurRuralHospitals
Thank you. Please stay strong & #VoteNoTrumpcare to protect those with #preexistingconditions
You describe a number of the problems of ACA, yet you refuse to rid us of this horrible law previously passed? #insanity
Carefully worded, but I'm not buying it. Working with obstructionist will never work. They've vowed to block @ any chance/cost. U lost me!!!
As a disabled woman, I implore you to vote no on the AHCA as it will make me immobile due to not having healthcare. #noonAHCA #pleasevoteno
Please don't forget your promise here when you vote today. Vote NO to repeal the ACA. Alaskans rely on Medicaid #ProtectOurCare
Your responsibility is to vote against Obamacare today.So stop monkeying
around and vote with the rest of 48 Republicans now
I hope you hold on to this sentiment today and #VoteNoMTP
If you can't do what's right by the country and the @POTUS , if you can't keep your promise to repeal Ocare, you should step aside, resign
Please oppose the repeal of the ACA.  Propose a bill that includes women as its authors.
Senator, please please stay strong — don't give in to pressure to pass a bad bill that will let down those who need affordable health care
Do the right thing today. Don't give in to buyoffs, theatrics, manipulation. Vote no on the motion to proceed. #healthcare
Senator: Hoping you'll continue standing up for people, today in the Senate. Hoping you'll continue to do what's right.

.@lisamurkowski's health care vote will be published in the AARP Bulletin and mailed to all 83,000 AARP members in Alaska. #VoteNo
.@lisamurkowski vote no on MTP; domestic equivalent of invading Iraq without plan for occupation http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/07/trumpcare-is-the-worst-designed-social-policy-in-history.html … …. @Indivisible_WA8
Thank you for putting the people first!
Lisa voted for #CleanRepeal in 2015! If she votes against it now, she was bald-faced lying either then or now! DON'T #LIE TO US #MURKOWSKI!!
NOPE! You just want to be able to take parental rights away and kill babies Like UKs Charlie Gard!! REPEAL! We dont want govt healthcare!
The UK kills babies now? Yet has lower mortality rate than US. Fool
Yet the parents have NO Rights! Fool! Lemming! Go follow your govt over the cliff. Patents trump doctors and govt killers.
Please vote no again!
Please, Sen. Murkowski, stay strong and vote no to TRUMPCARE.  Alaskans will reward you!!!
You vote yes and campaign for ACA when it doesn't count.  When it does count you chicken out.  Lies, deceit, no trust, Congress, the swamp.
Exactly! Please vote no tomorrow and work with your colleagues to create a better system.
Please stay strong for your beautiful state and for America. You weren't elected to hurt millions of children and kids. VOTE NO!
Senator Murkowski I am not a republican but I want to thank you for support all Americans on Health care.
Vote NO on TrumpCare. Oppose any plan not preserving coverage & quality of care. Reject TrumpCare and find a bipartisan solution.
Pls continue to work on making and passing a workable health care plan. Thank you
Repeal is about a tax cut, McConnell needs the repeal $$$$ for corp & billionaire tax cuts. Don't be bullied. Stay independent.People  first
Single payer is not socialist, costs less per capita , like Medicare, choices, efficient, economic, reasonable cost,VA is soc. Medicine,
Repeal w/o plan is useless, will destabilize mkt, raise premiums, subsidies need to be restored, bipartisan is the way. Single payer is next
Is this still true, Senator? I pray so... principles and people matter more than ego and threats. #inspire #lead #bipartisannow
Who are you??? OMG!!
Traitor to the American people!
Please vote no tomorrow.  I am a breast cancer survivor; we need affordable health care coverage to live.
Stop monkeying around woman!Are you and the 2 other degrading women
smarter than the rest?So join with the others and vote No tomorrow!
Please hold your position on this!! We need your voice! Vote No
Thank you Senator. It is refreshing to see a R stand by their values, and the support for your constituents is inspiring. 
#RepealObamacare and stop blocking the free-market to operate!
Your constituents are depending on you, @lisamurkowski Vote 'no' on #Obamacare repeal. We need bipartisan collaboration to make lives better
Vote NO on the Senate healthcare plan
Thank you Senator Murkowski for standing up for us. Our elderly, our sick, and our poor. Americans thank you.
Please stay strong!  Long after this President is gone, average Americans, elderly and children will be dying because of this horrible bill!
Nothing more than excuses.  If anything we need #FulLRepeal MORE. Does @lisamurkowski remember saying this? #RINO
Vincent and Andrew And I agree TrumpCare Is a Disaster For Handicapped Children @LambdaLegal @SenJohnMcCain @JohnKasich @chucktodd
Please, please, please do NOT vote for repeal, or BCRA, or AHCA. These will hurt millions and millions and millions of Americans.
#GOPHEALTHCAREISMURDER Be on the right side of history and vote NO!!
Please stand strong to protect ALL Americans and their healthcare.  This MUST be a bipartisan process.
Y R taxpayers straddled w/cost of sex reassignment surgery in the military? Absurd benefit.  We need battle ready, not legs in the air. Undo
Thank you, @lisamurkowski. Please stand strong, & heed the advice of former GOP senator David Durenberger:
This man is part of That Washington Sewage Mr Trump is talking about
Clean Repeal!  No subsidies 4 insurance co's.!  Republicans have to get behind POTUS.  Voter base grows, many Replcns rode his coat tail
Just wondering if you are to support single payer next time you run?
You DO realize that @POTUS won your State in Nov don't you? If you are a Repbl. you need to support Pres.Trump. If you aren't, switch partys
And I vote with them!
Both sides of the aisle is code for I am a Democrat!
Change your title - you are NOT Republican.  We want Obama care REPEALED!
$8000 for a dogbite including a $1500 tetanus shot. Could use help sooner than later.
Hang in there Lisa! Don't give in to repeal and delay!
Anyone objecting to this completely reasonable position is more interested in partisan political 'wins' vs governance and responsibility.
Senator, we are counting on you to vote NO. And to support Medicaid if 45 tries to cut.  #NoRepeal #Healthcare4All #StayStrong!
@lisamurkowski pls stay strong on improving the #ACA.  #ACA is helping ppl; pls improve it.  don't let party b4 country pols take it down
@lisamurkowski thank you for the bravery of your convictions and refusing to be bought
Why not rid people of this terrible burden. 200%$$. By stabilization of markets you mean bailout? That's a bad strategy bailout your people!
Please vote to repeal. Obamacare is the cause of all the problems you wish to address and why your people are hurting. Help relieve us this!
I support you on this issue. The proposed bill was a disaster, and would have harmed Ak and the nation as a whole.
THANK YOU and please please stick to your guns on this! #FixACA is the only solution, not rip protections away from millions!
Thx for your common sense leadership in voting No on straight repeal.  Pls work with female Dems to figure out ACA fixes. #WomenWillLead
I've always voted for Lisa because I felt she put our needs before party demands. I sincerely hope she votes no on this horrible bill.
Please keep this statement in mind as your colleagues try to push through a draconian healthcare bill that helps no one and hurts everyone.
I'm never voting for you again.
Thank you for putting people above party.
Thank you Senator Murkowski! Alaskans appreciate you standing up for what is right for your your constituents. Your attitude is the right on
All right Alaskans, time to call Sen. Murkowski to remind her (again) how #ACA helps ur family  #HealthcareBill #RepairNotReplace #BCRA
Please do not repeal without a better replacement. People's lives are at state.
Please DO NOT REPEAL!   This would be disaster for Alaska and our nation.  Country over party. Look at CBO scores!!
Sen Murkowski all Americans are counting on you to stay strong and true to your word not to repeal without a viable alternative! 
The ACA created this crisis. Your statement is an argument for repeal, which you voted for 2 years ago.
Please stand by your word.
Please lobby for a bipartisan effort to fix ACA. To vote for a bettercare plan, which is neither better nor care, or repeal spells disaster
Thank you for being the voice of reason in all this.The women in the Senate are the strength and power.The men cave. #powerfulwomen
No Repeal without plan AND must have public hearing, input from women and health professionals, advocates, medical billing practices too!
ask why McCain deserves healthcare when my working, taxpaying husband does not= same condition! Lives are not a deal to be made, in secret
Keep your word. You got elected on Repeal. You would have never got elected if you ran on I like Obamacare. Don't be a fraud.
Thank you, Senator
Thank you for standing up for all Americans healthcare!
Senator, please stay committed to a bipartisan process to address our healthcare needs...fix ACA, do not be swayed by spin from CMS...
Do not buckle! Kids like Caleb with Mastocytosis are desperately depending on you to do the right thing #FixACA 
 #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
Stay strong in opposing McConnell's flailing attempts. Help fix the ACA so everyone can have good healthcare. Tax breaks = obscene.
PLEASE STAY STRONG...lives depend on it.
You voted to Repeal 2 years ago. Repeal so the American people can have Liberty.
Why do you want Americans to continue to suffer?  Do a FULL Repeal of Obamacare & let us breathe again.  #FullRepeal  #FreeMarket
Thank you thank you thank you!!!!!
Thank you!!
this woman is a fraud!
you are a traitor to the GOP,you ran on repeal of this law and now do nothing,run as a dem,you fraud.we will vote u out,be sure of that!
#FullRepeal Now. No more show votes. The time for action is now.
Thank you @lisamurkowski  for opposing the reckless plan to destroy the health care system in America.
Traitor,
So weary from this fight but I have to fight on for my family, & millions of others! Please Stay Strong & vote NO next week again! Thank you
If you had a decent bone in your body, you would resign.  You are a deceitful hypocrite.
Thank you Senator Murkowski. I appreciate that you listen to constituents!!!!!
Seems you are hiding from explaining the inconsistency of your 2015 #Repeal vote
Flashback: @senrobportman , @SenCapito, and @lisamurkowski all voted to repeal Obamacare before. What happened? 
This Senator needs to be repealed.  She is no conservative!! Can't believe she wants to keep this disaster Obamacare!!
You suck! Lying hypocrite. Repeal Obamacare you phony.
@realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs @seanhannity She knew it wouldn't pass when she voted for it under Obamacare. How disingenuous!
And yet Murkowski voted to repeal ACA when it was less onerous than now, while creating similar uncertainties. (She knew it wouldn't pass.)
Thank you for taking an ethical stand to protect the healthcare and lives of the American people.
Thanks Lisa for putting principle before party
Americans across the country - not only in Alaska - are behind you. Fight on!
Thank you for being strong, and I'm sorry for all the hateful BS you're putting up with just for having empathy and serving the people.
REPEAL! NOW! DO YOUR JOB!
Do your job! You campaigned on repeal. Dont be a RINO and a liar! Don't commit political suicide! Redeem your integrity-repeal!
We want communist Obamacare healthcare control gone out of our lives forever.
We don't want the government involved in our health care at all! Why don't you all understand that?! We don't want ObamaCare fixed.
I applaud your statement and hope that you stay strong with your decision to be a NO note. I thank you, it won't ever be forgotten.

71% of the public favor a bipartisan effort to improve the ACA, instead of GOP continuing repeal efforts @DrewAltman http://kaiserf.am/2ucOcRr 
Thank you for standing up for common sense. Repeal alone is irresponsible. We need a bipartisan solution.
At least it's coherent.
