Senator, I will go ahead and give you this one, as much as it pains me. Try better, and harder, on the next one. We need
your vote on so many more things, that this one is listed as a miss, at worst. 
Do better next time: When in time one
must, at long last, raise country above party, you must vote to impeach President Pence. (the other footnote having
succumbed to a form of Russian Flu). He knew exactly what Gen. Flynn was doing, kowtowing to Putin and his oligarchs.
He
was then and shall always be a mouthpiece for the RT, as surely as Kim Phllby and Guy Burgess were turncoats, spies, and
traitors; such a one is Mr. Edward Snowden. The first two died in the USSR,: the latter is cordially invited to come
back, and face the US judicial system and account for his wrongdoing. 
Cpl. Manning, he/she stood up as a sapient being.
Edward Snowden, spurred on to greater lengths, ran, as unto a little boy that could not face the extent of the problem
but why not wait until his AG emails are made public? What recourse have you if evidence of corruption or collusion?
laughable at best reading all i cud c was just b.s. over & over again I cud c u gagging down the b.s. as u wrote this
nothing in Pruitt's record indicates he is interested in protecting our environment.  -Alaskan dissapointed in your vote
Who do you serve? Your stance is un-American, our Founding Fathers are in shame at your actions. ALL
your descendants will change their name so as to not be associated with your efforts to destroy the earth. #traitor
as the representative of Alaska it's embarrassing.
BOOOOO!!!!! HISSSSSS!!! @lisamurkowski @EPA In Europe, they'd be whistling.
Thank you for voting yes on this issue, the EPA needs to be reset.
Scott Pruitt is in bed with big oil. He is not the right person to lead an agency sworn to PROTECT mother earth.
Bad choice for Alaska and U.S. 
Pruitt wants to dismantle envr protections. Will trade our future for industry profits.
Doesn't make you any less a snake, Lisa.
So Lead in the water will be a thing of the past, not the future?
after Bannon's CPAC speech, aren't you so proud you fell for their plan? Congrats on assisting in destroying democracy.
You say Alaska is hurt by the EPA? Tell that to Bristol Bay Fishermen as you give their clean water to a Canadian Mine.
You sound just like your father. We need forward thinking on alternatives to fossil fuels, not you and special interest
I have no confidence someone who ignores rising sea levels and disappearing permafrost can possibly be good for Alaska.
My goodness, Rep. Murkowski. You are so dead wrong about this. What a shame.
If you are concerned about the environment, help move the state toward renewable energy and sustainable industries.
u r gone at the next election. The power of a voter is greater than u
history will judge you very harshly. Shame on you!!
This is laughable.  We Alaskans deserved better.  #sciencematters
so what are you trying to say?
Alternative energy = more jobs than fossil fuels, & fewer deaths. Pruitt? Anti-science, litigious, dino-riding disaster.
air quality, sustainable fishing is WORKING in AK. Gassing cubs in their dens + shooting from planes is not. Voter@99515
Thank you for giving Alaska another chance  Progress equals change!
sellout.
shame on you
Cook Inlet is a dead zone thanks to YOU
how can you say this when he wants to dismantle so many things?
bye! Hope you have a nice retirement planned (of course you do who am I kidding)
at least you quit pretending you care what the common people think #votesforcash #sellout
Making American Flint again
@ungaggedEPA He's got keen knowledge as he's sued the EPA for big oil to dismantle all protections. You'll be accountable
#cleanair #cleanwater and a stable planet will now become our throw back Thursday words. We all live here why ruin it.
#FAIL
Your actions as our representative are disgraceful, reprehensible! Do you really believe you're fooling anybody?!?
I don't believe that crap about stewards vs growing the economy. Big Business doesn't give a damn about anything but $$$
not a good explanation Lisa. In this state but we love clean air, water and SALMON! Clean energy over cronyism. # #EPA
When the next Exxon Valdez happens in Alaska your vote will be remembered.  Such a beautiful state sacrificed for money.
you should be ashamed of yourself for voting to confirm Pruitt. The environment in AK needs someone who cares.
your grandchildren will be ashamed of what you did to their planet. #maga #CongressCanRequest #CongressDoYourJob
Double speak and foul intentions. Our children will revile you. #findyoursoul #GOGREEN  #getaconscious
.@lisamurkowski "I have zero intent on breaking from the party line and I hope you all forget about this. Hey, here's me wearing a kuspuk!"
BS - pollution doesn't recognize state boundaries. Need comprehensive regulations, not state by state mandates.
I'm sorry my letter didn't get read in time.  He won't last long after Tuesday I bet.
Disgusting. A cowardly choice.
hope destroying the environment was worth the tax cuts, you self-serving coward
Your vote guarantees that my family and I do not travel to your state during your tenure. Our environment is too important.
Very disappointed in this decision, Senator.
be honest and just say, “it’s in the best interest of my reelection”. we’re not idiots. but you confirmed one. #resist #unfit @lisamurkowski
My statement on voting for Scott Pruitt as the next @EPA Administrator: 
- very disappointed in your vote !
you are wrong and he will prove you so. What damage he will do to your state i can only imagine
Yes, those pesky "rules" that keep getting "churned out" that protect all Americans' water and air.
this is garbo. When we have no clean air in our mountains or fish in our water we will remember you with disgrace.
Disappointed in you on this one. Not working to keep Alaska's pristine beauty intact.
What the HELL???
I pray you are correct.
Wow-- what a cop-out. Voting for someone who has practically destroyed his state -- yours may be next.
SHAME
.@lisamurkowski What are you Alaskans going to do about the war on wildlife? What can the rest of us do? Heartbroken.
.@lisamurkowski @EPA Why? And the bill to kill hibernating bears and wolf pups. Shooting grizzlies  from airplanes? What is wrong with you?
Seriously...what is wrong with you??? Why so hateful towards innocent wildlife? Need to protect!!!
@NRA This repeal is disgusting and shows the cowardice of the NRA and the people who support them.
Pure cowardice. I hope you're right, but when your lands become polluted and water not potable, it'll be on your hands.
I know you can see Russia from your house.
You realize his only desire is to see the EPA dismantled and no more!!!!!
I am saddened that you view such a wholly unqualified person this way. For shame.
there's a reason for those regulations.  You should be ashamed of yourself
No, #pollutingPruitt has belief that the environment can be sacrificed if there's enough $$ for his oil masters. Shame!
I have a great deal of respect for you, but I have to disagree with you on this one.
I wish you could have respected and protected Alaska and mother earth. 
CC: @EPA
disgusting to vote for him
Shame on you. Alaska deserves better from you.
respectfully disagree.  How can you tell your grandchildren you voted for a climate change denier?
Shame on you. You were elected to represent the people...not money.
I really feel for the wildlife in alaska. They are going to get royally screwed.
lame. incredibly lame.
your actions have impact for generations to come. Hope you made the right ones for your descendants’ sake.
well, if you really expect that, you may be disappointed.
Are you for real? Hate to break it to you, but you grandchildren will pay for your shortsighted vote. 

- So...apparently you don't give a crap about the environment at all.
I guess no one in your state has children or grandchildren who would like a Planet to live on?
#shameonyou
shameful!
you are so full of it!!!! What happened to human decency over politics!! You should be ashamed!
Why are you already passing bills that are polluting land & water. I find it hard to believe this will get better
sorry to hear you voted this way.
coward 
I hope you're right. Still worried.
This statement in support of Pruitt is nothing short of shameful.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
irresponsible, criminally negligent, dereliction of duty. Shame on you.
Wow. What Alternate Universe are you in, Senator? Have you seen his record? #nopruitt #SaveOurPlanet
This is beyond naive at best, disingenuous to your constituents. Pruitt is an avowed enemy of the @EPA and puppet for oil.
and how much have the oil companies donated to get that result? They already have Pruitt in their pockets!
He wants to poison the soil, water and air.
I hope you remember forever where your place was in history, and how you voted against protecting Earth from big $$$ Shame 
disappointing! Country over party
You and the rest of your party are Cowards and a joke. I along with others will be pushing to vote you out when it's time
Senator, do you believe in science? Because I do.
RIP environmental protections, you were helpful while you lasted.
You have betrayed your constituents, our country, the Democratic Party and our planet. What an utter fail you are.
your statement is crap! You are a representative for the citizens NOT corporations which your vote was clearly for.
Shame. You put your self preservation ahead of future generations & our only home. Truly terrible decision
Inexcusable. This is your legacy now. We will not forget.
Very disappointing, Senator.
...every oil spill, every sick Appalachian child, every ounce of un-needed Carbon in the air...you own it all. Horrible.
Wow - Judging from the responses here, I hope you have a back-up career. Massive fail on your part
Shame, shame on you.
Okay,
you realize your days in public service are numbered. Watch us vote!!!!
Utter bullshit.
I hope you enjoy whatever personal benefits you get for selling your soul.
I hope you lose you seat come reelection time.
Are you owned by big oil? We're supposed to be stewards of the environment. By voting for Pruitt, you're a sell-out
.@lisamurkowski @EPA you sold out for big oil bye bye polar bears bye bye clean water bye bye clean air
The next generation will remember your terrible decisions. Your party will be infamous and derided for a long time.
Here's the deal, we have 1 chance to undo the destruction human have wrought. We've taken 2 steps forward, now 10 back.
Shame on you, Sen. Generations to come will pay for your cowardice.
Bullsh*t
As #SCROTUS says - WRONG!
You have sold out your people
shame on you!
you've lost all credibility get ready for a primary fight
I grew up in Eagle River, went to University of Alaska-Fairbanks and helped clean up the Valdez oil spill.  Doubt Pruitt.
Pathetic
When your grandchildren have only polluted air to breathe & water to drink, they will ask how you voted. Sleep well
such a shame, considering you represent such a stunningly beautiful landscape. won't stay they way for long now.
Have u forgotten the Valdez disaster?  How much did it cost big oil & gas 4 ur vote? I will donate money 2 vote u OUT!
not good enough. You just helped sell our country to the oil industry.
Shame on you for  putting your party and greed above the people you serve.
Shame on you. You failed us again. We will #resist
What bullshit.
You can try 2 wrap it in a bow but it won't work. U will be 4 ever tied 2 the destruction of our environment. SHAME ON U!
Save ur sorry-ass excuses. You helped destroy the planet 4 all generations, perhaps irrevocably. I despise you for this
What a cop out. The rest of us don't want the dirty air & water you are peddling.
not really buying it.
You wrote that with a straight face? SAD!
Shame on you.  You put corporate profits over the health of people. Deplorable.

Shame on you! Out of 330 million people, I'm sure there were better choices.
This sounds like a joke! Words just words, but actions tell u the real person. Pruitt has sued, fought & bullied EPA!
Is she high?
enjoy your last year.  Everyone is watching you and you're failing at your job.
good luck with that.
And when his oil corp emails prove you wrong then what? It will be too late to "buy" back your soul and the environment
It's like convincing smiling coalminers that the safety regulations just removed hurts them
So sorry for all the Alaskan voters who deserve a clean environment.
I hope Pruitt fracks your backyard so you can benefit from flaming drinking water and various cancers coming your way.
you have to be kiddin me. How is he going to protect he environment? He's a climate denier
We only have one earth to leave to our children and grandchildren, your vote shows you do not care for the earth.
Senator - you're pathetic & this is a cop out!
You have an opportunity to be the moral voice among your R colleagues. Please step up and be that voice. We need you.
Shame on you @lisamurkowski @EPA
I am extremely disappointed in your vote. It's The ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY. He will destroy it.
when our streams are polluted and the ice cap melts due to carbon emissions and more flooding ensues you can be thanked
Why is it you R's were so bloody focused on EMAILs! - now they don't matter? We need to see the Pruitt-oil trail.
Corporate Oil Profits over Life, Environment,water. you have shown your true self, SHAME ON YOU !
Born, raised, living in AK. All for resource extraction, but not with #Pruit safeguarding my child's health!
#resist
when the Alaskan wilderness is gone and no wildlife left, Alaskan tourism will disappear. Then what, Madam Senator? Coward
wait till the start fracking in Alaska!
@EP
#Traitor to our country
I get oil is large part of your economy, what's your plan for moving past it as demand continues to decrease?
