Sen. @lisamurkowski votes to confirm new @Interior deputy secretary: https://www.energy.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2017/7/murkowski-votes-to-confirm-new-interior-deputy-secretary …
Fine, but who cares? If you vote to proceed with healthcare, how will you be able to look in the mirror? Sell outs know when they sell out.
Show just a little courage. What's more important...protecting your constituents or pleasing Mitch McConnell?
#VoteNoToTrumpCare
#VoteNoToTrumpCare
#VoteNoToTrumpCare
#VoteNoToTrumpCare
#VoteNoToTrumpCare

#SaveTheACA
It really isn't, but a bunch of people will be dead with Trumpcare.
It was never accepted in many red states so no it never had the chance to live let alone die. Republicans just don't care about their people
People of Alaska, time to stand up! Recall vote. She lied to get elected and betrayed you and all Americans.She is owned by the swamp.Recall
You are not an Alaskan and your team is also a cheating lying team, figures
Vote NO on Senate GOP Healthcare bill.
#VoteNoToTrumpCare
#VoteNoToTrumpCare
#VoteNoToTrumpCare
#VoteNoToTrumpCare
#VoteNoToTrumpCare
#VoteNoToTrumpCare

#SaveTheACA
are you getting rich off this move?
You mean see how much you can steal out of the deal. You are not a Republican. You wanted HILLARY to win
We wont forget what you are doing.shame on you.lier
Nice job,again, this morning!
Uh, excuse me but those are NOT federal lands but are LANDS BELONGING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE! Why do u think you can "manage" these lands?
Little chance for you Healthcare is your undoing goodbye next election
You clearly know nothing of Alaskan politics. @lisamurkowski does her best to look out for ALL of her constituents. Country BEFORE party.
Bullshit
Is this the guy who threatened you in order to get your vote on the ACA???
Senator, please vote no on removing ACA. Please vote no on enacting AHCA. It us not what this country needs, we need affordable care.
#VoteNoToTrumpCare
#VoteNoToTrumpCare
#VoteNoToTrumpCare
#VoteNoToTrumpCare
#VoteNoToTrumpCare
#VoteNoToTrumpCare

#SaveTheACA

.@lisamurkowski won't rule out voting for a bill to deny coverage to 16,000,000 & increase premiums for all. 

CALL HER NOW: (202) 224-6665 
Thank you for your courage. Fight the Good fight. Protect the  vulnerable.
State of Alaska has one tough Senator to watch after them, & shown how threats don't work with her no matter source:
We look forward to kicking you out of office. #ReplaceTheTraitors
#DrainTheSwamp
#TermLimits apply here
@VP BROKE THE TIE After 2 #GOP #Traitors Sided with #democRATS! http://truthfeed.com/pence-just-broke-the-tie-after-these-2-gop-traitors-sided-with-democrats/94896/ …

@SenatorCollins #Maine

@lisamurkowski  #Alaska
Troll
Start listening to your constituents and quit kissing up to Kelcy Warren. We know that you take legal bribes from him .
Thank you for your stand. Gunalcheesh!
Thank you for standing up for the  people, God bless you 
@EnergyGOP @Interior how about working with OUR president who is standing with God.Stop ur evil & stand 4 what's right..
Republicans WON, because of one very important promise.  Repeal the #Obamacare DISASTER ... like you PROMISED THE VOTERS!
U r national hero. Nt bullied by a delusional bully. 
History will record u &sen Collins&McCain as gutsy Profiles in Courage&decent people
Please please do not upset the symbiotic relationship between the natural landscape of Alaska and the natives please you will destroy it
Thanks to Alaska Senator there will be no end to the entire country suffering.
Please don't waste your hard-earned credibility on a dishonorable man at expense of all of US. He'll turn on you w/out blinking (see AG). NO
You have no credibility  with the American people. You are a Democrat.
Not sure when you are up for re-election but you should be worried, very worried
Senator Murkowski, please don't vote to repeal ACA, work to fix it. Trump Care will hurt millions. Please.
You showed exceptional courage today Senator Murkowski. Thank you
Bull
We will remember ur vote 4 socialism.
Senator Murkowisky, u have been courageous&shown lots of guts. Keep fighting 4 all of us if PT calls you sad you've done your job 10fold
Keep voting your conscience instead of toeing the party mandates!
Thank you for voting no yesterday. You've got the support now from Independents and Democrats if Republicans can't. We're with you!
GET OUT OF OUR GOVERNMENT YOU SUCK
OBSTRUCTIONIST Anti American Unpatriotic YOU REPRESENT NO ONE
#USA loves @POTUS 
Get on the TEAM.  REPEAL.
Shes a lier and a HILLARY fan. We need to vote this crook out
Every one notice who didn't support the health care repeal, vote her out Alaska... get rid if the swamp!!!!!!
Stay strong! So proud of you! Thank you!
Please keep defending the American people. Do not take away right to good, affordable health care
Thank you Senator for taking a stand for the American people.  You will be blessed for having a caring heart.  It's too bad that others d't.
We got your 69!  Got your back!  Thank yoy, Senator!
YOU ARE AN EMBARRASSMENT!
No she's not Donnie is the embarrassment
@lisamurkowski f/Alaska let American ppl down w/vote against further discussions on health care! #DrainTheSewage 
I think your vote made the most sense...
Great job not having the president's back
This person is a liar
I look forward to you being voted out of office.
Now, that shows your insincerity!
SHAME ON YOU. RESIGN, RINO
I hope you get voted out of office.
U r fake American going agains our President Trump to make America great again! This is your last term! OUT!!
Thank you for standing up for middle class Americans! We need healthcare to survive!
And stand up against the bullying from the WH!
Thank you for putting Americans first, for putting people over political party lines. 
Cut the red tape and anti-freedom, government bureaucracy... do your job.
Really?
We look forwrd to the day you officialoy leave our party. What a pretender. Your are no longer wanted.
You get free healthcare... cannot relate to ordinary people. Obama care in in the toilet. I'm paying the penalties. Shame on YOU!
How about managing to allow the people the right to avoid Obamacare. I will gladly contribute to your ouster.

In 2015 @lisamurkowski enthusiastically supported #FullRepeal of Obamacare.  Today she voted "No"  to debate repeal. 
@ms_erika74 Time to #Repeal Sen Murkowski and Sen Collins! #DrainTheSwamp
THIS DEM THANKS YOU FOR YOUR NO VOTE TODAY ON HEALTHCARE BILL. YOU PUT COUNTRY OVER PARTY. REFRESHING.
You are the type of two-faced, double-talking politician that America absolutely hates.  Just join the dems already you big phony.
@lisamurkowski make me sick another politician who says one thing to get elected and then does another to payback their big donors #traitor
Give up your current health insurance and go on Obamacare, since you voted NO to bring it to the floor for debate to fix it!
Thank you so much for voting No! I can't tell You Thanks enough. God Bless you!
You are pathetic for voting to keep Obama care in place Pathetic! You will be out next election
Lisa you are a traitor and a RINO for your vote today. Disgusting.  We need you out of the Senate.
What? For allowing debate to begin?
She voted against opening up debate. She must love obamacare. RINO
With the incr. of over 100% of HC prem. in ur state u dare to say no to just a debate to make it better. U dnt deserve that Senate seat!
Sen., how could you vote against debate #Obamacarerepeal today when Alaska premiums are up 169%? How is this good for Alaskan's?
#MAGA
You voted No . We the people will remember . MAGA
Undeclared Democrat
Thank you for your courage and integrity on today's MTP vote.
Thank you for voting NO! Keep it going!
Thank you for your no vote on ACA. You have the ppl's respect and support. Stay strong.
Traitor
Thank you Senator Murkowski for voting "no" today. You showed up and stood up for the American people and our healthcare.
Thank you for today. You are brilliant and brave. @SenatorCollins
Please use this opportunity to bring improvements. Get the doctors, hospitals, healthcare providers to the table.
Thank you for your NO vote!
Thank you for voting no today. Who needs balls when you have ovaries?
Lisa you are a trader....just pack your shit go home!
I am very disappointed in you!
Todays vote was to have a debate thats it! Apparently people need to learn how the senate and congress work! They are supposed to debate!
Voting no to have a debate that will fix or replace obama care is a dam slap in the face to every working person in Alaska!
You need voted out! Alaskans are paying 200% more for heathxate insurance they cant even use! U voted to keep obama care!
Shame on you for voting against debating healthcare!
Why bother...you won't be getting anything signed in the near or distant future.
Maybe you could look into a park ranger job after We the People vote you out of office and elect a real Republican to work with our POTUS!
Healthcare 1st! what  is wrong with you? You voted NO to even talk about it!! #GetoutofGOP
Thank you for voting no today.
HELLOOO

#ACA #HYPOCRITE

2015  Supported FULL REPEAL

2016  Trump wins Alaska 51% vote

2018  Who's running?
Apparently she got caught with her panties down. ... she is stuck to the Medicaid boob. Needs to be weened off the money!
Lisa is a Democrat now. She believes in Obamacare.

She's done
Why don't you get a grip!!!!!

Thank you for your independent vote today on HC. You have more juevos than  all those tow the line senators put together. America is proud!
I will Never contribute another dime to ur campaign... only to ur opponents ...whoever that may be
Nice way to lie to your state voting for it before you voted against the word Coward cant wait to send your challenger the legal limit
Stop stealing from children and grand children to buy votes with others money to feel saintly SHAME ON YOU U MAKE A REAL AMERICAN FEEL SICK
But what if you do all that work and then some dumb senator from another state votes to not even allow debate on the issue?
Medicare and medicaid are 29% federal revenue in 2016! And growing each year! Repeal obamacare or doom all future americans, is math stupids
Thank you for your courage and patriotism today!
Senator thank you so much for having the courage to vote NO on ACA repeal today. Please stay strong.
Please keep doing what you're doing, and don't bow to the pressures of Trump.
Hopefully you won't have too, you should resign for your disgraceful vote today.  You don't care about America- you just want more medicare$
You flaked out!  The YES vote was to start the debate!  You'll be replaced as you just endorsed you're unknown opponent!
Thank you Senator, you made me proud to be an American today. You are a true patriot. Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
U NEED TO GO OVER TO THE DEMOCRAT PARTY SINCE U R ONE. UR A FAKE REPUBLICAN.U WILL B VOTED OUT FOR GOING AGAINST THE PARTY.

In 2015 @lisamurkowski publicly and enthusiastically supported a FULL REPEAL of Obamacare. 

Now she opposes…
Look at all the dems thanking you for your vote. You will be primaried next election - GUARANTEED !!  We will #DrainTheSwamp - you first!
You are a traitor to you party and the people that elected you
What will you be doing now that your political career is over
@VP BROKE THE TIE After 2 #GOP #Traitors Sided with #democRATS! http://truthfeed.com/pence-just-broke-the-tie-after-these-2-gop-traitors-sided-with-democrats/94896/ …

@SenatorCollins #Maine

@lisamurkowski  #Alaska
One we have to live with ! Maine other! like everybody needs to give money and time to Alaska & her primary opponent
Please stay strong and vote NO on the healthcare bill/ACA repeal.
Moose Lives Matter more than American solutions to Heathcare..:according to Lisa, I'd say. #ByeLisa #MooseLivesMatter #MAGA 
Thank you for ur vote today. Nice to see someone who puts country over party for once!
You're the reason Americans DESPISE politicians. Say one thing then do the opposite for SELFISH POLITICAL AMBITION https://twitter.com/trumptrain45pac/status/889947000954683396 …
Another two-faced HYPOCRITE Rino fails to vote to even DEBATE fixing FAILURE Ocare scam. SHAME ON YOU!https://twitter.com/trumptrain45pac/status/889947000954683396 …
Disgrace. Why don't have the obamadiscare insurance for you and your family?
@VP BROKE THE TIE After 2 #GOP #Traitors Sided with #democRATS! http://truthfeed.com/pence-just-broke-the-tie-after-these-2-gop-traitors-sided-with-democrats/94896/ …

@SenatorCollins #Maine

@lisamurkowski  #Alaska
Thank you for your vote.
You should be ashamed of your self you let Alaska down you should just become a swamp swimming democrat
You are quickly becoming a giant boil on conservatives butts
I look forward to your RINO @SS being tossed out of the @SenateGOP
RINO!!!
Thank you for voting No!
Thank you.
thank you & @SenatorCollins for standing up & saying NO today...not one GOP male Senator had the balls to stand up & fight for families
millions will lose healthcare coverage if the ACA is repealed...not to mention jobs lost...fix the ACA
I'm pretty sure if you continue to go on there side you and the other lady Senator from Maine will be out of jobs next yr.The people are mad
I look forward to voting you out in next election and replace you with any other Repubican that doesn't lie to its voters on healthcare
had it planned out.Pres T.is for America and the democrats dont care about jobs,economy etc etc.Big spending and freebies is their agenda's
cant continue to ruin America,by bringing everybody and there brother into our country just for votes for dems.dems,Hillary and Obama had it
Don't vote for Lisa...
Pres Trump.The dems in the Senate are part of the swamp that needs draining.Schumer and Pelosi should be impeached.They r still mad they
Hypocrisy and outright lying to get re-elected!

Pathetic!
In 2015 @lisamurkowski publicly and enthusiastically supported a FULL REPEAL of Obamacare. 

Now she opposes…
Thank you Senator for voting against MTP. Brave vote and your country thanks you.

Lisa as a fellow polish compadre,I urge you too vote Republican on healthcare.Obamacare is gone.Thank God.Dont listen to the dems.They hate
Why not work with the GOP to repeal obamacare? You're going to lose your seat.. :)
Thank you for voting no on health care today.  I am not for this corporate lobbyist to protect our federal lands.
Senator, I beg of u, please do not support GOP's latest effort to take healthcare from 22 million Americans. The rich don't need a tax cut.
Funny you don't tweet anything on healthcare
THANK YOU for voting against the motion to proceed on healthcare!! THANK YOU for putting your constituents first! We will beat this.
You are nothing but a RINO. You clearly showed today that you are in Obama's pocket. Vote Murkowski out in 2018!
#RepealObamacare
Americans support your vote today--thank you!
Vote her out lied about repeal and replacing Obamacare. Very sad
Please Alaska....PLEASE....vote this RINO out of office.  Or Lisa, please just switch to the D party.  You're obviously on their team now.
Hillary Murkowski.... Fails the test / deceitful liar regarding Obamacare repeal....   Drain the Swamp   ...
The Cruz amendment doesn't have a CBO score.  Insurance companies say it is "unworkable in any form."
Thank you for voting no today.
Thank you and stay strong we got your back!
Thank you for having a conscience. Kudos!
Thank you for voting no. You have more balls than most of the men in the congress
Thanks for UR NO vote today!  Its nice to see at least 2 GOPs with some balls!  This is what leadership looks like!
Thank you for standing up for your constituents in the face of what I'm sure what tremendous pressure to vote party over country. #SaveACA
Thank you for your no vote today. You are brave and an inspiration. Stay strong.
Thank you for voting No! Your vote is going  save healthcare for Alaskans and Americans! Stay strong and vote no on the final bill! 
you are a traitor the republicans
#MAGA

we shall remember
American people voted for Trump and his agenda. you are interfering in the agenda with your NO. VOTE U R in the wrong party.
Your no vote today will ensure you wont be working for we the people next election.
REMEMBER HER OUT IN 2018
@lisamurkowski 
#RINO #VoteThemOut #AmericaFirst #Trump2020
Very disappointed in you. The people of Alaska needed more support.
