Please vote to repeal obamacare!we need this,it's better than what we have!be our voice,help us now-please!
Please stay strong. If Alaska can keep the ACA, then how is this repeal and replace? My Mom has cancer and I am losing sleep over this bill!
The only reason you have a job is because of your husband
Please remain courageous --oppose Graham Cassidy.

Can you ask your colleagues to take up this topic and provide absolutely essential life saving care? Respectfully, please.
Hurricane Maria isn't nearly as deadly as the storm Republicans are creating in Washington.
Then why aren't ya all saving them???? smh Comfy in your home don't care smh
Then please take action for the Americans in PR and AVI. AND, please vote no on repeal and replace of the ACA.
As we get our lives back together, please stay strong with us and vote NO to this awful Graham-Cassidy bill. We're all counting on you.
Do not let the GOP kill Americans with #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Why is GOP willing to harm very ppl they represent. U all were trusted to serve the ppl not the party. Please vote NO on Graham/ Cassidy
Sen.Murkowski,we are countng on your integrity to VOTE NO on the GRAHAMCASSIDY whch will take insurnce away frm 30mill vulnerable Americans
Proud to have you in the Senate. Stand tall against the bribes and vote no on Graham-Cassidy. Our lives depend on it...literally. Thank you.
Dear Senator please vote against this cruel bill
Do the right thing Again!
Pls vote NO on the revised healthcare bill. The American pole need someone to take stand & do right by us. Pls vote NO!! We need u.
Mortifying to have people begging on your twitter feed for the lives of their loved ones ... really just shameful @GOP
I'd beg anyone anywhere to save lives! That's what love is!
VOTE THIS RINO OUT ALASKA!!
Please don't take away our Healthcare, it's up to you. Trump just called women bitches. Be the bitch  stand up to the bully
Very kind of you, Senator Murkowski. And the #AffordableCareAct ??? You have an opportunity to give us more than thoughts & prayers.
#PuertoRico NEEDS aid, they're Americans too! Please dont sign #GrahamCassidy youll be stripping millions of healthcare. It's not abt Alaska
Please protect the people of PR and the rest of the country from the dangerous #GrahamCassidy. Vote no
As you and all of us pray for Hurricane victims think about their healthcare program also. Many of these people will lose healthcare
Don't Vote Yes to a bill just because Alaska gets excluded, thats like approving a bill that  you know is bad & wrong for all the states
If you are voting yes on this bill only because Alaska is being excluded then your yes vote will be very unfair for the rest of the country.
Please help #PuertoRicoRelief. @GOP gov is busy insulting athletes & ignoring climate change; blaming #PuertoRico for the disaster.
Vote "no" as you did last time.  Are you really going to be bought off by money for Alaska that will be easily taken away after your vote?
Please keep your thoughts with ALL Americans when you vote NO on the #GrahamCassidyBill. #thanksinadvance
Thank you for taking the time to think before you vote.   This an awful bill     It's will hurt millions
We cannot hear anything you have to say until you do the right thing! Nothing is more important, do it now!
Please encourage congress to get necessary money before October. Huge cargo planes needed and trucks on ground. People dying
Please vote no and work in a bi partisan way to fix ACA
We count on your integrity and sense of duty
Please oppose Graham Cassidy bill and work on bipartisan bill to fix ACA. Many are depending on you courage to represent all Americans.
Keep some of your thoughts and prayers for Americans whose healthcare is being stripped. Your colleagues don't care:
What more do you need: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/poll-graham-cassidy-republican-health-care-bill-repeal-replace-obamacare-aca/ …? @SenatorCollins come on. We hate this and so do ALL experts.  Just come out and say no.
I know you guys dislike obama, but please don’t vote to take healthcare away from many!
Just don't expect healthcare..at least Trump says you are in his back pocket due to bribe. Are you?
Please focus on hurricane relief to PR and USVI instead of #CassidyGraham   A terrible bill for women and kids, we need your NO
Please don't sell U.S.out!!!
As millions face a health crisis after hurricanes, now is not the time to cut healthcare programs. Please vote "NO" on #GrahamCassidy 
Please have the same consideration for my daughter's uncle who was special forces and needs Medicaid to be at home! #saceACA
If you REALLY care about the hurricane victims, you will NOT destroy their healthcare!
VOTE AGAINST THE MONSTERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Stand strong w/those who would be impacted by Graham/Cassidy "storm".  We need you to care, for us, our families! https://www.ahip.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/Joint-statement-AMA-AAFP-AHA-FAH-AHIP-BCBSA-9.23.17.pdf …
Now, just help them with their health insurance! Vote a big resounding NO to the horror of that bill
Your thoughts and prayers should go out to the people you will screw with a yes vote on Graham-Cassidy.
i pray lisa turns into a republican and stops voting democrat
Please vote no
The Storm is this never ending ACA attack.. You think these affected people need HCare? VOTE N.O!
Please vote NO on the Graham/Cassidybill and ask the Senate to continue its work through the bipartisan market stabilization efforts.
Healthcare should remain a right in the richest country in the history of the world. Thank you Sen Murkowski for your stance
Yes the hurricane victims and also the millions of Obama Care victims that don't qualify for assistance and are being ft over financially.
GOP is reportedly tweaking G-C to buy your vote.  Don't do it!  Stay strong. Even worse than previous Skinny Repeal.  VOTE NO.
Don’t sell out the rest of the country for bribes. We all deserve health care. You know what’s right.
Please stay true to the people- vote NO
Hey! My response to someone about the Alaskan Senator Murkowski #votenoGrahamCassidy
Hope that's true.
Can you propel the menace to send massive help there on the ground & to Mexico as well? People are suffering :(
Clearly they will need much assistance for recovery including healthcare. I hope you stand with all Americans and vote #NoGrahamCassidy
Please don't fall to Trump's bullying tactics. For all women, please don't. You have to vote no on health care bill!
VOTE NO on Graham-Cassidy!  Join Senator McCain & put people's lives before party!
Better than thoughts = No #grahamcassidy. Floridians & Texans need many doctors/services  to treat them post Irma  #SaveACA
Please Sen.  Stay strong for our health care!  Vote no!!!!
Please vote against Graham- Cassidy. Health bills need thoughtful review -2 important to rush through. Thanks.


Those who put donations above Americans who need healthcare will be known as soulless greedy people. You are better than that. Show you care
Please don't be bribed by Govt. know we are depending on you to stand for Alaska and those who depend on Medicaid. You will be a hero.
Vote yes
Please protect our healthcare. Vote no next week
Let the many Americans that are holding their breath, afraid of losing their insurance, that you will vote no on the Cassidy/Graham bill.
Please save our health care and vote No GrahamCassidy
Please vote NO to Graham-Cassidy, consider the negative impact it will cause all states, do not let GOP bribe you
Do not take bribes to benefit your state and screw the rest. We are depending on you to be honest on the Cassidy death bill. Please 
Americans in PuertoRico, USVI, TX, FLA @ all ravaged states are gonna need healthcare. Please don't repeal the ACA, fix it. AK needs it too!
Senator vote NO on Graham Cassidy. Consider fixing ACA problems. Or vote Medicare for all! Only modern country without natl healthcare.
Sen. as a caring and thoughtful person that you are I you to stand against your party's attempts to repeal the ACA. Please vote no for all
Stand against this inhumane bill and vote no! #savelives #saveourretirement #killthebill #bipartisanfix #lovemyACA
This is a tragedy.Many will need care.  I'm imploring you to vote no on this healthcare bill so that Americans can afford care when needed.

Every major health organization, or Donald Trump? This bill isn't dead yet. Tell your senators which side you're on: (855) 999-1663 
no on #GrahamCassidyDeathBill 
Excellent point. How can we help disaster victims without covering what may be life changing medical needs?
Please Vote NO on Cassidy -Graham bill!!
Please vote no on #CassidyGrahamBill. We need protection for pre-existing conditions.
NO on repeal!!
Please join Senator McCain as a hero and vote NO for G-C.
Please do the right thing and vote no on Graham-Cassidy bill! Don’t let this bill take away healthcare from millions of America!
Please vote NO!!
Senator please announce that you will vote NO on the GrahamCassidy bill! Lives literally depend on it.
Just as your wishes here fall with people outside Alaska, so should our other concerns. #GrahamCassidy is not good for America.
This bill isn't being pushed for right reasons in the right way at the right time & everyone knows that. Integrity and country over party!
think about the rest of Americans when you vote on #GrahamCassidy ... side deals won't help them!
Are your hopes and prayers with 30 million Americans who may lose #healthcare? Be a hero and do the right thing!
Senator, do you join @SenJohnMcCain rejecting #GrahamCassidyBill? Millions affected by natural disasters don't deserve to lose healthcare!
Somebody needs to go to Puerto Rico.
Senator please Save Our Healthcare! Will your conscience allow you to reserve ACA protections for yourself but not for the rest of us?

"Sorry, we have to cut your Medicaid. There's just not enough money" -- guy flying on a Lear Jet charter to Aspen.
Senator Murkowski, Please listen to ALASKANS on #GrahamCassidy. Remember we hold the pen to #erasemurkowski
Please follow Senator McCain's lead and vote NO on the G C bill
Please vote no on the repeal you have a golden plan Americans deserve the same we vote for  you to take care of us. Do the right thing!!!
remember how this same group of men treated you when you voted No last time..they don't care abt you and your constituents..only your vote..
PLEASE don't save Alaska alone..SAVE AMERICA..SAVE #ACA PLEASE #KillTheBill #GrahamCassidyBill
Please resist the pressure and vote no. This healthcare bill risks the coverage of millions
You can't say this and then turn around and sell your vote on healthcare. Be a true stateswoman.
@SenateGOP  threats & bribes won't work w/ @lisamurkowski. 
24% in favor
76 against 
@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy  healthcare bill
Please stay strong and vote no on Graham Cassidy!
What is wrong with you? To even think about voting yes. Maybe ask yourself, what would God do...since  your praying.
How much will go into your pocket?  So disturbing you claim to pray..but will  think of letting  people suffer like this.
Stay strong! Vote no on the Graham/Cassidy bill. That will unleash a horrible storm that will be death of many.
Grandbaby is awaiting heart surgery on medicaid. Pls don't let them damage our funding to give to SE states that refuse to care for theirs

BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…

You did the rite thing before -all Americans are counting on you. Please vote against #CassidyGrahamBill
Continue to stand firm against new disastrous health care plan!
Please continue to stand for us who already struggle to pay our HC premiums!
Cassidy-Graham robs Washington State healthcare of billions, many Alaskans seek treatment here, please vote no.
Please save our health care again! Susan can not do this alone!
Please continue to be our shero #VoteNOGrahamCassidy. 
Thank you for the prayers - please try 2propel the current occupant 2support survival efforts 4 these poor people as well as 2 the Mexicans
#CassidyGrahamBill ruins Alaska in years to come. Voting prior to full CBO score is reprehensible.
PLEASE > VOTE NO.
Senator...PLEASE do not take legislative bribery that may help your voters, but will devastate millions. Work for the better of all, PLEASE.
Please don't trade short-term gain for your state against health for all Americans. In longer term, you'll still lose -- divided, we fall!
Thank you for previous "no" on ACA destruction. Hard-working Americans NEED and deserve not to be gouged by healthcare costs. Be strong!
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy.  I have had cancer twice and grieve for anyone without healthcare to support them.
Do you feel empathy for those who will lose HC while your state gets a free pass, if you vote yes?
24%. That's it. And MAJORITY WANT ACA. THIS IS NOT HARD. NO GC, NO R/R, WORK ON ACA!
Vote NO!!!
Your thoughts & prayers aren't going to help the rest of Americans, who don't live in Alaska, when you vote Yes on immoral GrahamCassidyBill
This is important but if u r being offered your state gets stay on ACA & u sell out the rest of the country with a yes vote god help us & u!
Your thoughts & PRAYERS should go to the millions YOU will help kick off of #healthcare if you vote 4 #GrahamCassidyBill HAVE A HEART!!!!

#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  

"Sorry, we have to cut your Medicaid. There's just not enough money" -- guy flying on a Lear Jet charter to Aspen.
Stay strong.  Please continue to oppose this assault on women and the most vulnerable.  No on Cassidy Graham.
Please Senator, during these trying times we the people need our health care! Please stand with us and vote no!
How about the people who will die in the other states. Since you're getting Alaska exemption. Shame on you ! The whole country ACA
Most victims of these hurricanes are lucky to have access to #healthcare . Vote (((NO))) on #GrahamCassidyBill !!! #Medicaid
.@lisamurkowski Please senator show the nation that women can stand strong like you did before please #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
as they rebuild their homes and lives are u going to vote to cut their healthcare too? We will never forget who vote for it
Vote No!
Dear Senator Murkowski please vote no on the Graham Cassidy bill. It is worse than the one you voted against back in July. Stay strong and
be a hero Again. I know you are under tremendous pressure from the GOP leadership however I know you can care more about people and are 
a patriot. All of us appreciate your dedication to the American people and we are counting on you to vote no on GRAHAM CASSIDY.
Hoping we won't need thoughts and prayers when we lose our healthcare. Stand strong and vote NO on #GrahamCasiddy .
It breaks my heart to see so many pleading with you to keep the health insurance they need. Please don't do this. Vote no.
Please vote NO! Otherwise, You won't have time for anything but thoughts & prayers for millions. People will literally DIE.
Thank you and please help those of us with pre-existing conditions to live. Vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill
Please help protect the rest of the people.  We need you
I'm begging - if you know ACA is better for Alaska than horrible bill, you must know same true for rest of country. My life depends on you.
Please don't be pressured or bribed, Senator. VOTE NO. You know deep down it's the right thing to do.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Sen Murkowski, vote NO. We're all one diagnosis away from becoming a pre existing condition.
I hope your thoughts and prayers extend to the rest of America as concerns Health Care and not just your state. I PLEAD with you. Thanks.
Save the ACA, don't be fooled by bribery.
Also, thoughts and prayers appropriate for those in path of Hurricane Graham-Cassidy!
Don't be bought! Stay strong and vote NO on Graham Cassidy. I was born w/heart issues. Need strong GUARANTEE  for pre existing conditions.
Please vote no - US citizens in Puerto Rico need their health care more than ever now.
We are counting on you! Please vote this bill down. You know it's worse than the last one. Vote no for all Americans.
Care to prevent more devastation? Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!!

Please vote against G/C Lisa
Please let your thoughts and prayers go out to victims of this murderous healthcare plan. Please vote no!
That's great. Now please vow to prevent millions more from harm by voting "no" on Trumpcare.
Please vote No to Graham-Cassidy bill.
This natural disaster will give people pre-existing conditions.  So your party would punish them for a hurricane.  Please stay a defender!
Please vote No on Graham Cassidy bill. The bill will hurt millions of Americans
Stay strong Senator! NO #GrahamCassidy. Leaves Americans  uninsured, ends ban on lifetime caps, charges more for pre-existing conditions.
Dear senator, I'm sure you know that you get to keep Obamacare if you vote against the repeal, right?
While you're at it, please pray for everyone in the path of #GrahamCassidy. Both Mother Nature & the GOP Congress need to chill. #SaveACA
Once again Senator..it comes down to your character and preservation to vote NO on a bill that is bad for ALASKA!! Even the Governor said so
Please do the right thing for this country.
Fell free not to screw over the rest of the country if you take the bribe that Alaska gets to keep ObamaCare.
Stand up for bipartisan committee work, hearings, CBO scores, REGULAR ORDER!
NO Graham/Cassidy!
Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill
Vote NO!
Please vote NO on GC bill. Many outside your state are depending on you!
Don't fall for their phony tricks! Vote NO! #GrahamCassidy
Lisa, the American people stand by you as you vote NO on this poorly conceived health plan. Thank you, thank you!  Stay strong!
We want to know, are you going to be a hero to the lower class? Or just another easily bought politician? Your legacy is tied to your vote.
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy or admit that you're just another easily bought boil on American politics. I really hope you can rise above this.
@lisamurkowski pre-existing condition price protections waiver, potential lifetime cap, less $, $ to only 2026? Vote no! #GrahamCassidyBill
What about the people affected by #GrahamCassidy?
Any person with a good soul would not be in favor of this health bill.  No money in the world should change ones mind. Vote No.
If only you showed you cared about your constituents. You are a sad old lady
Senator please do not support the latest effort to repeal the aca. Please work w bipartisan Sens and governs instead

Senator, the ACA repeal has no coverage for disasters.
AMA: G-C violates oath, First, do no harm. Please don't inflict this on us. Remain the voice of reason and justice.
Please don't vote for Graham/Cassidy. Please don't.
Speaking of disasters, please vote against #GrahamCassidy .  It does not serve Americans well, and will be a disaster to the aged and infirm
Thank goodness for this hurricane, anyone injured most likely will have health care to help...Next year at this time...Who knows.
Vote No!
Please, please vote no on this healthcare bill, please.
