Lisa you hv 70k POTUS 33M you r Congress dweeb who talks AT me POTUS world leader who talks TO me. He will hv volumes in history you a line
Trump? "accomplishments"?
Gold Curtains?  ..... no?  Hmmmmmm.  Give me a minute.
I guess this counts?
Might as well. There is nothing else.
There was the orb tho
He has accomplished a lot for aspiring conman, white supremacists and pu$$y grabbers. They've been activated & enabled by this entire admin
Hey, there's an accomplishment.  I knew we'd get there.  Most of my HS graduating class is having the time of their lives right now.
I think the answer is apparent.
We need him to tweet and all the responses, it will explain to future generations what and when it all went wrong. It will explain WWIII.
Wow! Good one!
Seems so far that his tweets will be his only accomplishments. SAD.
45 is out of control.  He is impulsively tweeting vile, inappropriate, juvenile and threatening messages.   HELP!
What accomplishments?
Pres Trump comment inappropriate -DEMs would defend Obama - GOP never does - He will be remembered for his good wrk.
Considering that he is unaccomplished, TWEETS are all he has!
Do you want to be remembered as one who stood for country over party or the opposite? Do you stand with djt or America? #Can't do both.
I feel like he's already made the choice on this one.
He thinks he will be remembered for his wealth. May be, but it won't be in a good way.
Wealth of scandals.
Senator do you want to be remembered for harsh but meaningless tweets against Trump or for actually opposing him?
She and @SenDanSullivan both called on Trump to drop out of the presidential race...
He'll be remembered for his tweets and his LACK of accomplishments.
He's accomplishing and, same time, defending himself. Let him do his job! He'll stop tweeting!
Good question. Stolen credits from others, especially @BarackObama, and undoing what President Obama has done are not accomplishments. The one accomplishment he made will even be remembered as a heist. What an inept and unfit creature in the White House. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Umm yeah what accomplishments?@lisamurkowski 

Not my @POTUS #toddlerinchief
Well, there are lots of tweets but no accomplishments. So that's an easy choice.
So far @POTUS has no accomplishments, but wants to kill ppl by repealing HEALTHCARE; LOSER!!
hahaha true that! xo
His tweets are his accomplishments, well, that and golf
Mika and her father are international terrorists they should be in prison not to mention they're  a disgrace to my polish roots
Why can't he be remembered for both. You are such a useless senator. Why do people keep voting for you.
No accomplishments so far ( I don't count executive orders) so all he has is his tweets!
@realDonaldTrump can only get "accomplishments" done if they're done with the Mafia, other than that he's a lost case!
Good God, if he's remembered for his accomplishments, he'd actually have to accomplish something. We don't want that!
Thank you for standing up to this unmoored little man. For the sake of us all, keep it up.
You'll all be remembered for his tweets and for the #GOP non-stop attacks on women.
These women are complicit and shameful. Just as bad as Ivanka. Zero courage. And the GOP men in Congress worse. #they all disgust me.
Too late Senator. It's already the horrific tweets.
What accomplishments?
I think that is already a done deal.  But you could do something memorable like removing his ass from office. #NotMyPresident
What accomplishments?  Seriously, are there any? What has he done, or will do, that benefits regular, non wealthy people? What am I missing?
I'm guessing his tweets, since his accomplishments so far are essentially zero, beyond destroying America's reputation
After he takes healthcare away form 22 million perhaps his tweets.
Sen Murkowski what accomplishments will you be remembered for?
"Accomplishments"??? 
Same applies 2R Senators and Congress people!! How do U want 2B remembered?  4 your lack of willingness 2do UR jobs or your accomplishments?
Since he has no accomplishments, that is a moot point.
Let's hope he's remembered for the tweets. They're offensive and abusive, but will kill fewer people than if he implements actual policies.
Definitely his tweets and number of followers.
i don't think he cares how he's remember only that he is remembered! narcissism is a disease!
let me answer for you if you're confused. Tweets for sure.
Glad someone said, especially glad it was our Senator from Alaska! #SquadGoals
The answer seems obvious. He is a reality show host. That's his only skill.

Call for an impeachment investigation based on Trump’s alleged constitutional violations and obstruction of justice.
Senator, do you want to be remembered for your weakness and inability to stand up to disgraceful man/child occupying our WH? 
#Impeach45
@realDonaldTrump has no character. When he lies, he feels smart. To him, his lies are an accomplishment. He's unable to go high. Forget it.
Thank you! For the sake of our nation  please don't stand by + partner w someone who degrades the office of POTUS the way he does.
Accomplishments...seriously! he can barely navigate a golf course.  Only accomplishment..dragging US back to dark ages.
Ask yourself that same question, Senator.
Do You?
Accomplishments?  You need to open your eyes and help stop this rampaging pig hell-bent on destroying America, including ALASKA!!
In trump's mind the two are the same.
Oh be quiet. If women want equality, we should be willing to accept the same consequences when we attack men relentlessly.
His accomplishments are completely baffling
He doesn't care how he is remembered. He wants more money for himself.
I just want to remember his trial and how he looks in orange.
I'm ready to forget him and move on.  Let Mike Pence heal this country.  Mike Pence #46.
There are none of the latter so the former must be the goal. When will you, Senator, for the sake of the Republic, demand that he resign?
Senator, do you want to be remembered for enabling or stopping a man clearly unfit for office. Do the right thing. #Legacy #CountryOverParty
@realDonaldTrump is so mentally disturbed, he may honestly think his tweets ARE his accomplishments.
Have admired you for a long time, Sen. Murkowski. Thank you for this reply to our clown in chief.
Senator, please do something to stop this mentally ill man from destroying my country. Actions speak louder than words.
Do you want to be remembered for your vote to deny health care or make it better for everyone?
He's secured his place in history. All remembrances are probably good in his mind.
He had no discernable accomplishments, so he tweets
You are in a position of great power and trust. If all you do is tweet in response to his reprehensible conduct, you enable him to continue.
Accomplishments?   Based on the lack of real accomplishments, I'd say tweets will reign supreme. GOP owns this.
What accomplishments??
He is not capable of being Pres. His accomplishments will be to destroy everything good about America, especially the government itself
I'm thinking he's going for door #2 #zonk
If he ever has any accomplishments then maybe he will be.
Golf accomplishments? Self-enriching enterprises for him and his offspring? Senator, why even address him like he cares about this country?
He has no accomplishments.
I strongly believe his ability for discernment is very weak or non-existing.
He hasn't accomplished anything so... tweeting is all he got.
Hopefully he will be remembered for being impeached and thrown in jail for treason.
Senator Murkowski, @realDonaldTrump is a train wreck! A man-child IN POSSESSION OF THE NUKE CODES! #IMPEACH #PROSECUTE #Punish
do you want to be remembered for supporting your party or supporting your country?
Please. This is a weak response. He does not CARE! Get tough & stand up for woman!!
Thank you @lisamurkowski a voice of reason in DC. Can someone just take his phone away? PLEASE! #stopTweetingstartworking
Any Pres who willing knows that Ru rigged our election & has taken no action to stop any future attacks is not worthy 2 B in office
#Resist
Wait I thought his tweets *were* his accomplishments
You can't separate the 2 now. He has damaged & dishonored the office of the President. Stop enabling him. He attacked women/men B4.
#Resist
Senator, with all due respect, his tweets are his accomplishments. He is an utter and total failure as a president.
Accomplishments???
Shut up Lisa. You're complicit with this nonsense. You voted for him and now acting so shocked what a #scumbag he is. You're a failure too.
In order to be remembered for the latter, he needs to have some!
Bigger ? Do you want to be remembered for denying healthcare to millions of American women? children? the elderly? The disabled?
Is ripping away healthcare,offering state secrets to the Russians now considered accomplishments?Or are you truly serving the people #resist
I'll always remember Him 4 TrumpU Birtherism, his great airline, Vodka, Steaks, & ties made in China, & post office he changed the name of.
That ship has LONG since sailed. His only "accomplishment" will be being the first person successfully removed from office & indicted.
He has no real accomplishments. Almost everything he has done has failed, other than a few buildings and golf clubs.
Sadly he has no acomplishments, health, borders, jobs, taxes, FAIL!! Will only be remembered by his pathetic Tweets....
WE THE PEOPLE elected Trump and we think he's doing an outstanding job! His tweets and Facebook allow him to report directly to the people!
What accomplishments? A bunch of destructive Executive Orders undoing the previous President's Accomplishments?
That was funny. Like he cares about anything but enriching himself and thinking he's king of the world
Well...Senator, we are well done the road in just six months with very disturbing tweets from #45.  My mum says a tiger can't change strips
Too late for that question
He's damaged the environment, hurt people and set up money flows for his family--no worries, he'll be remembered for his "accomplishments!"
Accomplishments? There are none
He will be remembered 4 accomplishmts. His supporters r still behind him 100%. I love his tweets. They deserved it.
He'll never accomplish a damn thing but hate, pain, sorrow & you walk in two step right along w/evil agenda! Hope your state votes you OUT!
You turn ur head daily on his vulgar and sick behavior! Why are you a Republican?? Party over country must change. Get some courage!
Do you want to be remembered for lecturing a traitor or impeaching him?

(yes, I know house acts then trial in senate...)
What accomplishments?
Caligula 2 he wants to be Caligula 2
He wants to be remembered for covfefe
I'm going to go with C) the numerous zeroes in his family's numerous off-shore bank accounts. #DontheCon
Welcome back!!!!!
What about you, Senator? Will you be remembered as his enabler or as a decent person?
is there a choice?
45 doesn't seem to care about either. We are saddled with a crass, incompetent bully who knows nothing about policy, craft or statesmanship.
Um, what accomplishments .@lisamurkowski?
Is "None of the above" an option?
Trump is just an original guy
Banning Muslims, taking health care away from millions, alienating our international allies. Those accomplishments?
Loved your recent words broadcasted on tv, + your response to that ugly tweet by you know who. Thank you Senator Murkowski.
He doesn't intend to be remembered... At the first place.
Which accomplishments would that be? #total loss #humiliation
He has no accomplishment so I guess it's tweets. I really really hope your states hold all of you accountable for the damage your party done
These two things are equivalent for him.  Leave @POTUS alone!
Senator do you want to be remembered for supporting a mentally ill POTUS or will you stand up and act against him
His tweets are all he's accomplished. @realDonaldTrump
In a few months he did more positive than Obama for 8 years. Speak your guts out! Wrong or right we'll listen! Trump understood this.
The sad thing is that his tweet ARE his greatest accomplishment and will be his insane legacy as a moronic clown....
Accomplishments? It is easy to voice concern and then do nothing. What will your legacy be? Stand up.
Tweets he has, accomplishments he doesn't.
Lisa, stop pretending you care about how women are treated while you are silent on Trumpcare and its plan to defund Planned Parenthood.
Ha ha.  Too late
Do you think he cares? He's a sociopath! Do something to get him out of the White House!
What accomplishments????
Threats to the environment & wildlife: @GOP, @lisamurkowski, @realDonaldTrump, @SenDanSullivan; @EPAScottPruitt. 

VOTE THEM OUT.

#resist
Ma'am you cannot reason with a madman like @realDonaldTrump #TheResistance #Resist
His accomplishments are largely treason. So, maybe he'd prefer the tweets?
Too late. To garner accomplishments one must have focused moral & philosophical positions and a strong work ethic-Trump has neither.
Wait, will there be accomplishments?  Please, tell me more
How about the presidential platform should NEVER be used to bring people down. The behavior of @potus #Trump is shameful & unpresidential.
Oh I don't think he knows the difference. In a bubble his entire life. 70 years of adolescence. #ImpeachTrump
Obviously his tweets. He has no accomplishments as president.
There's no evidence that Trump has ever accomplished anything, but some of his tweets are perfect examples of unintentional humor.
Thanks for your integrity, Senator. Americans are realizing who the REAL leaders are and who is looking out for our best interests.
That ship has sailed, that horse has already left the barn, that train has left the station...
You realize there are only tweets
Accomplishments? The Supreme Court, decrease in regs, DHS, EPA, etc. Beginning to undo much of Obama's legacy. Otherwise why the Left rage?
Both are atrocious... #tRump is an #AmericanNightmare
what accomplishments?
Well, he certainly won't be remembered for his inauguration size #InaugurationSucked
Sen. Murkowski, Donald Trump has no business occupying the Presidency, it's embarrassing.
Shut up senator.  Hopefully you will soon be a civilian again.
Thank you for standing up to the Bully.
He should not be remembered for anything
It's cute that you think he has potential to be decent
#GOPHealthcareIsMurder
What accomplishments. All he does if tweet, golf, and watch cable news.
Stop expecting Trump to behave like a normal human being. He is a malignant narcissist and incapable of compassion or caring. #ImpeachTrump
and it's time you all of you stand against. The GOP should impeach this pervert.
Why would you even try to use a rational perspective to Trump who is not normal for bound by reality. He's a lunatic.
Trump is a bad dream which no one will remember.
He doesn't have any and never will...
Senator, I don't believe trump can think that far into the future.
, Do you want to be remembered by your donations of Planned Parenthood, Baby Chop Shop You're a baby killer STHU abt @POTUS
RT @lisamurkowski: @POTUS, do you want to be remembered for your tweets or your accomplishments? Thank U Senator. Trump is not yur friend.
More for the slaughter bill called Trumpcare
And...do YOU want to be remembered for supporting such a person or for doing the right thing?
Senator Murkowski do you want to be remembered for supporting a racist, treasonous sexual harasser? Or will take a stand for America
Maybe if you and your fellow gutless Republicans defended the President when he is viciously personally attacked he wouldn't respond
What do you want to be remembered for? All I associate you with is perpetuating Obamacare and socialized medicine.
I'd love to remember you for getting primaried out or putting that "D" after your name where it belongs. I know you want to.
Frankly I prefer his tweets. What a sad clown we have to represent our good country.
what accomplishments
His tweets are accomplishments
Do you want to be remembered for murdering thousand of babies a year? His tweets didn't kill anyone like you want to do.
@POTUS tweets keep the unhinged propaganda networks off on a rabbit trail while he works. #Pawns
Thank you Senator.
It's time to recognize this is a show. Attention is all he wants.
remembered for his impeachment
