Quid. Pro. Quo.
how's his view on climate change?
lol wow, those Republicans are really grilling these nominees for answers...smh
Shocking to hear he hasn't watched any news on Russia's role in Syria and if it's wrong, Chem attacks, 23 attacks on Hosp aleppo
FSA, not ISIS, I'm a Sec Ops vet, you don't know what you are talking about. I'm not a Dem.
most are. FSA is who we supported mainly. That's who was in Aleppo, not ISIS or Al-Qaeda.
I agree, our aid doesn't get to those needy. But can u admit we don't have independent journalists, they are dying few are
Oh, barf.
but is she, along with Being Sen Mcconnells wife, competent to do the job? love not a job requirement. Fix
he was probably talking about McConnell
Exaggerate much?
Can't wait to see her private schools teaching religion with my tax money.
The guy who entered Congress with a snowball to refute climate change, He's brilliant....
Jesus your grammar and spelling is awful. Go back to school.
Never hear Intelligence Successes, only mistakes.Just like spec ops, very thankless job, don't attack them. No proof they leaked
oh please.
Jagoff Jim Jaghofe is a walking billboard for term limits
he is hated, brought The KKK Bannon, answered 
Breitbarts answer, a white supremist group, fake news ! Embarrassing
Except @realDonaldTrump didn't win the popular vote so you're wrong. FAKE NEWS! Sad. Just sad.
He hasn't been paying attention.
I have

In My 70 YEARS I HaveNEVER SEEN THE FREEDOM OF THE PRESS ATTACKED SO BLATANTLY.I FEEL LIKE HITLER HAS JUST TAKEN REIGNS

Question, has Inhofe had his Eyes Sight & Glasses Checked n the last 30yrs?
Yeah, but that guy's a bonehead!  Where'd his snowball go?
PENiCE!!!
Zieg heil!
Big Problem!
Remember you're attached to the "press" when he comes for you....
We are so happy with this powerhouse Administration!
Inhofe just got lasik, of course you would conveniently omit this.
Throwing reporters out of a press conference for trying to ask questions!!??? You are NO American! Disgusting! 
Oh Look a circle jerk of Imbeciles Say Hi to Sen. Snowball . Like the snowball #FakePresident
ya the guy that threw a snowball on the senate floor to prove climate change doesn't exist @senJamesInhofe #Putinspuppet
really? Trying to intimidate, scare free press?! Dictatorship manners!
he's nuts! This pick is 1 out of 3 picks thet @realDonaldTrump did thet are NOT GOOD!! To be cleer I am a trump fan!!
back off Inhofe! She's spoken for!
.@seanspicer oh sure.  Her family gives millions to reelect that damn traitor turtle again and again and again while Kentucky starves.
I doubt he can remember 10 minutes ago considering how much of a reckless moron he is.
Aww. Two sweethearts licking each other's butts.
what a pile of bs.
Jim Inhofe also doesn't believe in climate change, so he clearly hasn't paid much attention in the last 30 years.
didn't a ship owned by her father get caught with crazy mounts of cocaine? Crooks!!!
inhofe is an idiot!
did you threaten to kick out a reporter for asking questions at a press conference ?
He has the lowest approval ratings of any president elect in the history of polling, but sure, OK Sean.
Guess you didn't ask those that worked under her at Labor. They feel otherwise. Just saying.
Freedom of press!!!!!! How dare you violate our constitution!
- at least disclose that Elaine Chao is married to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.
- your actions were very dictatoresque today. I thought you supported liberty and freedom as opposed to tyranny.
(and banning reporters)
you looked like you were about to shit yourself up there.
Sorry for unfollowing, @seanspicer
Don't be sorry.
Only tyrants threaten to throw a free press out. Mark Twain said it: "Don't pick a fight with people who buy ink by the barrel.
McConnell's wife. Why didn't McConell tell us about Trump's being compromised AND Golden Showers??
Is this true?
UPDATE: @CNN's Jim @Acosta says Donald Trump's incoming press secretary told him he'd be thrown out if he tried again to ask a question.
Have you seen his approval ratings, cowarddumbfuck?
Threatening to throw out reporter, comrade?  We will leave another cookie on your pillow -  Love, Moscow
you are a meanie 
Please, DM this to Mr. PE Trump
Here is the shortest best movie
starring Trump:: http://justpaste.it/zy 
FBI applied 4a FISA warrant 2surveil 4membsof Trump's team suspected of Russian govt contact. http://theguardian.com/us-news/2017/j …
elaine chow's parents co. owned ship was found to contain much cocaine they were smuggling
- Promise me that every morning your start the day reading the First Amendment.
Horseshit.
the bullshit is unprecedented
You are delusional.
next time toss his ass out. NO SECOND CHANCES. "Take me in oh tender woman said the vicious snake."
Imbpretty sure there are plenty after all her last fed job sec of transportation was horrible
#urinesane
The people DO care about #TrumpTaxes
"Only ones who care about my tax returns are the reporters."

Retweet this if you're not a reporter, but you care about Trump's tax returns.
I think that particular rude CNN reporter should be barred from future news conferences.
I think you should be thrown out of the window.
You're a coward.
saw you today at whatever you want to call it. You angry, bro?
Disgusting that a reporter would have been thrown out of press conference. Free press is important to our country.
The people pity her for who she has to sleep with.
#FillingTheSwamp
Hilarious!!!
That wasn't a "news conference" it was a PR Campaign! @realDonaldTrump didn't really "answer the questions" put 2 him! #Corrupt
You may want to ask the Sago Miners about that.. Oh wait. Remember she cut 1/2 of the miner regulations right before then
Finally proud of my president and proud to be an American 
Wow, how sad. He's mentally ill, hates the Constitution, disrespects all Americans...but you're proud?
You're convictions are strong and I can appreciate them. As an American we're the fabric of what makes us so awesome and free to live in USA
.@seanspicer unlike @realDonaldTrump who has the abysmal approval rating of 37%  Terribly Sad!
Sucking up to boss' wife.
he likes pee.
