Senator Inhofe is right about Nothing. Wrong on Climate Change (Mr. Snowball) and wrong on guns. (NRA TOOL). He is a danger 2 America. & U.
http://Liars.You .Are.Liars. We the People don't need tax cuts for billionaires and corporations. 
Tax reform on the backs of We the People for your & GOP big donors  isn't "tax reform," it's destroying America by giving those w/much, more
We definitely need to take all that money away from hard working Americans and give it to our rich friends. #GOPCorruption #GOPTaxReform
Bitch McConnell, isn't it true this tax reform blueprint is similar to the abysmal failure of the one implemented by Brownback in Kansas?
It's time to buck the @NRA and protect American citizens. No one should get killed like in #LasVegas Reinstate the assault weapons ban!
Merrick Garland
You'd think you'd listen to Larry Fink and Warren Buffett
Jim Inhofe is worried about tax code reform instead of the health care bill, He has some pair of testicles!

Trump and Republicans want a big tax cut for the wealthy, claiming the gains will trickle down to the middle-class. Don't fall for it. 
just another Okie from Muskogee
Time for who is the real question #NoGOPTaxPlan
it's time for sensible gun control!
Providing they don't get shot before they are rich enough to get tax breaks! #Liar #screwingtheMiddleClass
We will see
The comments indicate you're not fooling anyone on tax reform. Pretending to be "sick" over Benghazi/Niger comparisons doesn't fly either.
Break with all recent trends: be truthful with Americans and do your damned jobs with integrity. Stop the phony posturing & lies.
What kind of tax reform Senator. The administrations lipstick on a pig reform? Or are you pushing the FairTax forward. We need to push it.
speaking of taxes...where are donald's tax returns????will we be seeing them anytime soon???
Tax reform to save millions for Trump, other wealthy ppl & big donors? NO way. Your time is limited. Do something for your constituents.
It's time for gun control-extensive background checks, assault weapons ban. Second amendment Never intended to protect this ridiculousness.
It’s time for #GunControlNow
PELICAN POUCH CHIN MCCONNELL it's time for health care not to worry about tax code reform , Ryan can take care of that.
In that tax reform bill, we'd better see that sales of assault weapons and silencers are tax free!
And POTUS was right about Obamacare. It's past time.  Where are you???
Inhofe is an idiot.

Umm, stop the black ops? The billions going in to illegal crap going on under your nose Mitch. Be a hero and stop that. This is the $50 hamr
How about cutting the 51% going to the war (AKA, Being a Bully to the middle east so we can steal oil, drugs, metal, , , ,
But not for the very wealthy
Time for gun control!
try representing the 'real' people of America
It's NOT the time for tax reform because the @GOP are liars and it is nothing but tax cuts for the wealthy
WHEN THERE IS ONLY A RICH RULING CLASS AND A PEASANT CLASS LEFT. THE POOR WILL RISE UP AND EAT YOU! CIVICS 101. COMMUNISM WILL TAKE HOLD!
Fake
You mean like the great job y'all on health care? Is so we don't need that kinda help. McConnell do the GOP a favor and step down
It’s time for you to resign. Along with all the other useless republicans abusing our Democracy. #GetTheFuckOut
Inhofe just blamed the Vegas shooting on sanctuary citiesUr evil plan takes 473 bil from Medicare, 1 tril from Medicaid. #RestingMitchFace
No it's not the time for tax reform!
Uh huh, so let's make it fare.   Looks like the wealthy gets the most from this tax plan of yours. The top 0.1% would get over $5 million 1/
The top 1% would get about $130,000, the top 20 about $8,470, the middle class would get a big whopping $660 dollars and the poor  2/
Would get a whole $60 bucks so I think your plan sucks balls
Also time for common sense (1 of your favorite expressions!) gun legislation such as real universal background checks, clip limit & AR bans.
Another despicable piece of shit trying to lie his way into more tax cuts for the filthy rich!


Right for who?
That's right Mitch deal the death blow and complete the Republican plan of making us a 3rd world nation.
AND GUN LAW REFORM
BS
Economy is fine (with ACA & current tax policy)
Why the urgency to blow up the deficit?
Wealth transfer to the rich is not reform. Duh.

@KamalaHarris As far as the GOP is concerned Tax Reform is appropriate but they serve themselves & the 1% so naturally they all agree.
Again, Your bill steals from the middle class and poor and rewards the rich.
Hope it's not just for the 1%....
5 years after a tax cuts doesn't look so good...
The only problem is that your so-called #TaxReform bill (or #trickledowntrumpenomics) is really a boon only for super wealthy. #goplies
Time for national gun reform....
After decades of @GOP theft from the poor and middle class, to give to the wealthy and corporations, it's time to vote GOP out. Just say no.
No, it's time for gun legislation.
No! It’s the right time to talk about gun laws despite your usual excuse. NOW IS TIME TO ACT! Put on your big boy pants & stand up to NRA!
No, it’s time for GUN CONTROL. Citizens not safe when machine guns are being used to massacre Americans. Weapons of war are for armies only.
How much $$$ do you accept from the NRA Mitch? To be silent on gun control? Not to mention FAILING on healthcare.  DISGUSTING. DO YOUR JOB.
NRA, there's mass shooting in USA 9 out of every 10 days on avg, wait til the 10th! The other 9 we give LaPierre BJs in between KOCHsucks!
Sen. OK Earthquake (along w/OK Earthquakes Pruitt, Lankford, Cole) right, deficit-break KOCHsucker tax CUT needed! No time to talk about...
Don't believe it. If U R over 50 & not a billionaire @GOP donor, this bill is coming for yr life savings. (202) 224-3121 Tell them NO.
Yes..yes...THE RICH ARE WAITING FOR GOP TAX REFORM!
Not unless you make $250K r over $450K. Give us a break. When in the hell ru going to understand THAT IS NOT THE MAJORITY;  but u don't care
It’s really not. As a member of the middle class I honestly don’t think I should have to work harder so a BILLIONAIRE can have it easy.

To divert attention from NRA silencer bill
WE the people have nothing more to say now our task is finding /voting in ones whom will do our Will not their own
"Look guys, you don't understand: do you know how hard it's going to be for me to continue if the Koch Bros pull my funding?" #WealthCare
you mean your rich donors and friend want their campaign donations back in spades.
Anf Inhofe u dont believe in climate change. But, i bet u believe in the Easter Bunny &Santa Claus! This is just too ignorant!
Because sanctuary cities and mass shootings, amirite?
Its time to do something about gun control. Will it take u or one of the ppl u love to get shot & killed.
Another Mossy Back Republican that wants to give huge tax breaks to Billionaires. Spineless Mitch spouting lies again.
It's time fir GOP GREED AND CORRUPTION TO END. NO TAX CUTS FOR THE 1%, BIG CORPS, GOP DONORS, ELITE WEALTHY. GOP = CRIME SYNDICATE= RICO
Yes, it is. But not a give-away to the rich which is what your plan is.
He is wrong about climate change and this is a tax break for you and the rest of you fellow legislooters!!
Tax the damn fake prophets and their multi-million dollar"churches", I mean their social and political clubs, under the name of "Jesus".
Please. Tax cuts for the rich is all you're interested in.
Yes one that doesn’t benefit the Koch Bros and the other 2%
you are completely disposable Mitch.
Tax reform for the middle class.

American want nothing from this GOP. Not trustworthy no integrity your interest or those in your pockets. Corruption amidst.
No, it's time for #GunControl
Are stupid do you think we are, tax cuts for the rich will only increase the deficit.  Oh & we see you trying to slip healthcare in tax cut
NOW
Maj Ldr, I am sorry to say that Sen Inhofe has pulled too many stunts about climate control to  gain any respect as a reference for tax ref!
You mean the massive transfer of $$$ to the wealthiest Americans ... don't you?
Sure, but not that garbage you idiots are proposing. 30+years of failed economic policy&ya'll havent figured out trickle down doesnt work
give tax breaks to wealthy or corporations!  Any breaks/cuts need to go to middle  and lower income only  who make 100,000.dollars or less!
Ditch Mitch !! Bought & Paid for by Koch Brothers-$400mil is the price of his soul.
Real tax reform has nothing to do with the wealthcare/wealthfare you are trying to foist off on America.
Stop it.  Focus on what we want. We don't give a rip about what YOU guys want.  We want a Constitutional Tax Law that doesn't rape us.
Yea. Hope hope his judgement is better on this than climate change. Sorry. Can't really listen to a guy who discounts science on math.
Who would want tax cuts for the rich when #MoronDon will pocket billions?
It's time for gun control.
Time for GOP millionaires trying to become billionaires to step back, work for real families.
look everybody its Donald
You mean the middle class screw. Its not tax reform its wealthy tax cuts
Tax Reform for the Rich to Dodge Corporate, Estate and Alt min Taxes. Puerto Rico gets Rolls of Paper Towels and Good Luck wishes.  #GOP
.@SenateMajLdr @JimInhofe @TheOklahoman @InhofePress @NewsOK SO TRUE! If you give $1Trillion in Medicaid to .2%, ur DEFINITELY getting LAID!
I think its premature to talk about #taxreform & honestly not sure how that will stop the next #massshooting  #LasVegasShooting #dosomething
Wrong! Its time for gun reform!! #VoteDem
Today would be fine, thank you.
No little turtle.   Go back to into your shell. 
Want #TaxReform? RAISE the rates on corporations, and LOWER the personal tax rate.
Who runs this acct? Last time you gave us reform, under reagan, we ended up with this
How about applying that rationale to health insurance as well.
#TrumpTaxScam

Or we can talk gun control. 
Tax reform is more like wealthfare for the rich 80% of all cuts benefits them so how will help the rest same as before job loss lower pay
@jiminhofe is never right. He thinks the existence of snow disproves climate change.
It’s time for you to stop giving the rich money.
#TrumpIsAMoron
It’s time for gun control
Why not wait until 18? Won't be perfect enough for @RandPaul. @SenJohnMcCain just wants to sabotage. @lisamurkowski can't be counted on.
You have conditioned AMERICANS...to have ZERO confidence in anything you state...we know NOTHING will be done. Your next election 2022!
Passing "tax reform" means you rape Medicaid and Medicare, you rich bastards get a tax cut/no estate tax and everyone else gets a hike. FU!

IT’S TIME FOR SPENDING REFORM
END THE WASTE OF 100s OF BILLIONS ANNUALLY ON WELFARE,ETC. FOR ALIENS
#COSProject  


You're a bit obsessed, Mitch. Seek help.
Trickle down has been tried for years, doesn't work. Look at Kansas. Support the people that need supporting, not your handlers.
Trickle down is called PISS ON THE POOR.
It's an even better time for gun control.
If by tax reform you mean ending welfare for the rich, I'm with you. But money from Medicare/Medicaid to rich-NO WAY!!
Hey there social media intern, I bet you are really tired of tweeting nonsense for McConnell. Aren't there other jobs you'd rather be doing?
Repeal the ACA investment tax or why bother
How about a snowballs chance in hell?  Better yet, let's talk gun reform.  Otherwise, tuck your turtle head back into your shell and hide.
"He's right. The wealthy have done without widening the income gap for too long!" #CountryClubGOP
I like it so far but don't give the people who make the most money a tax break now. Let's base that on how the country does
Yea, but not that piece of you worked so hard on. It's Wealth Care and nothing more. You know, the people know it.
Welfare for the Rich and Paper Towels for Puerto Rico. How do you all live with yourselves on a daily Basis Mitch ?
Yep. Stop gouging the working class so the higher ups can take a tax break and fuck us out of health ins. The GOP IS CORRUPT
It's time to dump the IRS & pass the #FairTax
Time to dump #IRS & taxation of income, labor, capital for #FAIRtax to #MTFA. 
@realDonaldTrump 
@mike_pence 
…
It’s time for you to retire. Get out sleep we need new and younger blood.  Get out

Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”
Go back in your shell, turtle.
Your party has no credibility on this topic until Trump releases his tax returns and stops wasting $ flying AF-1 every weekend to play golf.

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 

Reagan cut corporate taxes by 14% in '86. Here's what that did to avg. weekly wages:

1986—$285…
Get out of the NRAs pockets and enact gun control now.
While Dems scream about more gun control, it's important to remember Obama's gun control didn't pass the Senate because of Dems
