every country in the world besides Nicaragua and Syria signed the Paris agreement and are paying money towards it...
There are a lot of foolish leaders in the world
Yes, and the biggest one of all is in the White House.
By allowing coal companies to drawn chemical waste into drinking water? Cause he did that too. Coming for ur Medicare/caid next.
I'm not selling you anything. I'm simply telling you facts.
 Sen Inhofe: 'Good Idea' For U.S. To Leave Climate Agreement  https://youtu.be/zRh4KJft7lM  #ParisAccord #Trumprussia #BigOil #Cavemen #Resist
What's up snowball?
lol Jim. This is gonna fly like a led shit balloon.
#CorruptGOP #Hypocrites #Liars
You might want to slow down senator, you might gag if you go too deep.
#Bullshit from #CorruptGOP
I am ashamed you rep OK. Senators were never meant to be life long job. Time to retire & let someone who is forward thinking take over.
Is it for hard working Americans? I think you mean the fossil fuels industry.
You disgust me @JimInhofe Shame on you!
Scientists paid by the oil industries has financial conflict of interest. 99% of scientists recognize climate change, so ur  part of the  2%
Don't you breath the air? Have children or grandchildren? Read a science book.
No really, how does this help Oklahoma??
This is biggest  line of hogwash I've seen today
You and your supporters deserve all the pollution the world has to offer. You must be one of the complicit ones.
Time for u to retire and let people with knowlege and vision for future take over. U r just another out of touch old white man...SAD!
What a cynical, ignorant fool "represents" #Oklahoma
Right bc making sure we have clean air, water and a healthy planet to live on is so extreme
So it's you,Trump, Nicaragua and Syria then responsible for destroying our planet. Good to know.
Bullshit. It's prioritizing the wealth of big business over the future of all our children.
Keep lining your pockets with Republican blood money. You are part of the problem with this country.
You are prioritizing your re-election campaign over the health of Americans.
So these 2.2MM AMERICAN green energy jobs don't matter, Senator?
Environmental extremists huh? Wrong side of history and common sense Senator.
Isaiah 49:25
But thus says the Lord: “Even the captives of the mighty shall be taken away, And the prey of the [1/2]
terrible be delivered; For I will contend with him who contends with you, And I will save your children. [2/2]
You expect your god to save the planet from human's selfishness?
Can't put America first when the country is 8 inches underwater
you mean the bottom line of oil companies and their employees over the environment, don't you?
Received from fossil fuel industries.

James Inhofe, Oklahoma
Oil & gas: $465,950
Coal: $63,600
Total: $529,550
Environmental extremists lol what a dick #ParisAgreement
Cruz claimed pulling from Paris Accord would create 6.5 million jobs . I'll let you all run with that line of BS and see who debunks 1st
Translation @JimInhofe is prioritizing the bottom line of the 1% over the agendas of all future generations
More people will lose their jobs by pulling out. Trump is just playing to his uneducated unread base. Shame on u 4 blindly supporting him
Also, this is what is directly donated. We have no idea what has been donated through Super Pacs. That is what Citizens United did..
You do realize they really want the arctic ice to melt so they can access the oil more easily? Climate Change Denial is the real hoax...
You are prioritizing the bottom lines of extractive industries over the health of your own citizens. Short sighted. Wake up!
Inhofe could not have sounded less intelligent, less aware, less knowledgeable than he did on MSNBC today. Astoundingly dumb!
You must not have children or grandchildren bc they will not have air to breathe when they are your age! Your NOSE grew with each OBAMA lie!
There are 4.5MM jobs in Green Tech why will any nation but our Green Tech now?
Inhofe is just plain stupid & I hope OK., who now should understand how human's can impact the environment send his 1950s thought packing.
Green/sustainable energy IS viable now! I am an American and I do NOT support Trumps pulling out of the Paris Accord. We are loosing time 
On @MeetThePressDaily today Inhofe can't even finish a sentence! Another Trump LOSER livin in the DARK AGES & on the WRONG SIDE OF HISTORY!
Can't keep #Obamas name out of your mouth. Funny that.  Hang on tightly to that Titanic as hard as you can little Hitler. #TrumpRussia
Dude...  it's time to retire.  You are so far removed from reality.
Babbling fool, you make no sense at all. You're blocked.
You're an embarrassment. And a liar too.
Watching you @MSNBC! How do u sleep at night? How can you support 45 no matter what??? Put Country above Party for once! #liesyoutellatwork
Wow what an embarrassing interview on MSNBC keep him in doors pathetic!
The word is you receive $ from the fossil fuel industry. If true, it's a disgusting outrage. Looking out for your bank account?
yeah, because having air to breathe and safe water to drink is so extreme.
Hey Jim, where is your sympathy for Americans killed by extremists in Portland?

Oh, by the way...  Most Americans support staying in agreement.  So, I guess that you aren't prioritizing anything other than...
From the nitwit that doesn't know the difference between weather and climate.
You do realize that most of those hard working Americans ARE the "environmental extremists" you're talking about, right? #ParisAgreement
This administration is prioritizing their bottom line of screwing hard-working Americans to enrich big oil and itself. #ParisAgreement
How is big oil benefiting?  They wanted the US in the agreement.
Would that energy "independence" be "continued dependency on oil" Sen Inhoffe?
Mr Inhofe, after your snowball stunt, you do not have any credibility on climate change except to those who are ignorant to the science.
Rightly so!
Environmental extremists??  Who is paying you?!
...not provoke a reaction in this material world. Global Warming is caused by the exact same actions of man which brought us killer smog.
The realities of climate change are all around you. Open your eyes & your mind. Remember that there is no action taken by man that does ...
Trump is doing nothing for hard working Americans. But he is sure doing a lot to improve his own bottom line at everyone's expense.
I find it amazing that people like you still deny that we are undergoing an extreme change in the world's climate & we caused it.


I wasn't aware that wanting to breathe air, drink water, & eat fresh food made me "extreme".
"but, GOP in charge of commission decided in 2016 not to pursue charges against Murray Energy." Mic
Murray pressured its employees to donate to 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney.
Inhofe has also accepted $95,000 from Murray Energy, one of the nation's largest coal miners, records show!
Pruitt became head of EPA in 2/17.
"Pruitt copies the letter, nearly word for word, to his letterhead; signed it and sent it to EPA.
"Lobbyists for Devon drafted a letter for then-OK AG Pruitt railing against regs enacted by the Obama Adm. Environ. Protection Agency.
In 2014, the NY times reported that YOU worked behind the scenes with several state attorneys general to oppose environmental regs by EPA!
You largest donor, Devon Energy, is one of OK biggest oil and gas companies.
One of your largest single donor, Devon Energy, is one of OK 's biggest oil and gas company.
You're so unbiased in this as proven by the millions the oil and gas industry has given you to be elected over the years
#Greed #Corrupt You accepted $2,997,048 from the energy sector since 1989 records show!
You accepted $2,997,048 from the energy sector since 1989 records show! #greed #corruption
$529,550 is how much big oil and coal gave you in the last 5 years.
How much money did big oil give you to make America the world's laughingstock?
Here are some of those "environmental extremists": #GE, #GoldmanSachs, #Tesla, #DOW, #Apple #Microsoft #MurrayEnergy #IBM #Shell #Peabody
How much laundered Russian money ended up in your campaign coffers, Jim? Better lawyer up or make your exile plans.
I am not an extremist. My WW 2 Veteran father who voted for many Republicans was a die-hard environmentalist. He was not an extremist.
Extrememists right. Those crazy people that want to reduce carbon emissions and protect our planet. How dare they.
It has nothing to do with Environmental extremists. It has everything to do with globalist and foreign countries using our money to build..
Up their country's infrastructure, reducing competition and cheap foreign labor. It's always about the money.
Wow. You're the one. Now you have made the United States look even more pathetic than Trump has been doing.
Filthy rich oil execs aren't exactly "bottom line hard working Americans" but I'm sure comrade Inhofe knows best
Since the rest of the world wants this, that makes YOU the extremist
It's GOP against the world. Everything is an existential fight for them. Let's just call them what they are, "American ISIS."
Will your sky fairy save the planet?
Keep your hands out of my pocket !
Democrat Jerry brown put a fee on electric cars for California ! 175 Dollars a year ! I also bought my own solar ! I produce my own energy !
Deplorable here I already bought 30 k solar system ! Edison is using my production ! I've paid enough ! We don't need to pay twice !


Spreading the word 8 followers at a time 
Lol the Paris climate agreement wasn't extreme in ANY manner. It was the very bare minimum
I smell bullshit!!!
This is the most asinine thing I've read today.
James Inhofe -  Past three election cycles (2012, 2014 and 2016)
Oil & gas: $465,950
Coal: $63,600
Total: $529,550
Evil! Shameful! Sad!
I'll talk with you again after the earthquake that destroys OK City occurs. Until then, keep living in your protective oil bubble.
I grew up in Oklahoma and graduated from OU, but with idiots like this in the Senate, I am certainly glad I don't live there now!
Explain why Trump, his Repubs and Syria believe they know more about climate change than the rest of the world? Ignorant Jerks!  #VoteGopOut
Environmental extremists?! I think you meant to type "majority of the scientific community"
You are on the wrong side of history, living in the past. Sad.
You are so on the wrong side of history and you will be served the bill. Don't cry then.
Scientist =/= Extremist
Current 'hard-working' Americans. He's not prioritizing the countless generations to come. If only I could sit down with U Elder Jim...
Please come to Enid, let's have lunch, and maybe we can talk about why you are so horribly embarrassingly wrong about climate change.
Glad to see you support our president, from an Oklahoma Resident
Corporate stooge
What a jackass.
How does sending millions of dollars to Europe help the climate? It's a scam to milk the USA taxpayer! Libs can still send their $$$.
Another GOP lick-bottom family member with a braying call
And Sen. Inofe is the extremist climate change denier.
Environmental Extremists..Are you deluded..Climate change affects the planet..Open your eyes & look beyond the USA..The world is a big place
from the nimrod who thought holding a snowball on the senate floor proved there was not climate change.
That's very 'horse & buggy' of you Jim. You need to go. Surely this is your last term.
You should listen to the climate scientists, the business leaders, the economists - not the voices and the $$
How can you come and lie blatantly on the BBC?
Dumbo. When you talk if China and India,!can you not see that US per capita emissions are several times more than these countries.
Thank you Senator for fighting this B.S all along, God bless you and our Prez!
@WhiteHouse   Stop lying.
Nonsense, you are covering your ears and complaining of deafness
Make no mistake - the one and only reason Donald did this is because it has President Obama's name on it. Cuba's next. Impeach him.
Such bullshit
I know - the agreement was a sham!! 
Oh please
2018...2018...2018
About damn time.
EPA is next greedy swamp creature to be reigned in...
Because of people like you, I am embarrassed to be an American. You have screwed hard working Americans, but you obviously don't care.
Regan was no "environmental extremist," but he did have common sense. @JimInhofe @TedCruz @SenateMajLdr @GOP
Shame on you.
Thank you so very much Senator for writing your support-we need more Senators like you showing support.  @DanScavino thnx for posting!
The Ice Age. 10000 yrs ago. Glaciers below the Great Lakes. They receded as earth warmed. That's global warming without pollution from man.
A smart business decision would be to develop the solar wind and wave energy technology the world wants and sell it to them. Not This!
Thank you potus
Jim you are an embarrassment to this country and nothing more than a greedy little impotent man.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
BS
@JimInhofe please provide one verified example of a corporation creating a job or raising a wage because of increased profit
It seems that you, trump and his ass-kisser do not care about the future of your grandchildren and great-granchildren global warming is real
You lie
This administration (and you, for that matter) does not prioritize anything over itself and personal monetary gain. Impure and unpatriotic.
I think you meant to say prioritizing needs of special interest groups and non-scientists who think they know everything.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT. CAN YOU NOT READ???!!!
Will your children and grandchildren thank him and you when they can no longer breathe and the seasons all run together?
194 countries - nearly the entire world. You somehow think they're all "extremists"?
They're realists. You're a fool.
And how much did the Exxon's of the world stick in your pocket?  And this coming from a guy who ignores the earthquakes in OK?  U are a joke
Definitely ridiculouuuuuus
It's Pittsburgh over Paris 
Your ignorance is astounding now turned harmful. Top entrepreneurs disagree with you.
Yeah, fuck the rest of humanity theyre not making significant profits for the fossil fuel industry right now and they didn't pay the GOP
Corrupt corrupt corrupt. Accepting payments from oil, gas and coal. Wrong side of history, be remembered for being a corrupt fool
I hope you're really really cold right now. 
Fixed it. https://twitter.com/kim/status/870541425808506880 … #Resist 's #ParisAgreement
Another GOP senator who only cares about himself & his rich cronies. With one foot in the grave, he dgaf about future generations or others.
Well said.
This admin. is packed with heartless thugs who couldn't care less about your constituents. Just like you. Barbarians.
