Wrong. We went to the polls expecting Garland to be heard. How about you go throw more snowballs!
So was Merrick Garland.  Or have you forgot about disrespecting President Obama?
So was Merrick Garland's record.
no appointments no laws until fbi investigation of #Trumprussia is done!!
No one's record is beyond criticism. Btw, More Americans voted for HRC, than trump. Meaning a Maj don't support trump's picks or platform
@SenFeinstein @SenWarren @SenSchumer @CIA @FBI @projectexile7 
INDICT TRUMP, MCCONNELL: FASCIST ANTI-DEMOCRACY TRAITORS! COLLUSION, PERJURY!
Except that whole plagiarizing thing. Oh and wanting a man to choose between death and his job.
@InhofePress I hope you appreciate the hypocrisy of denying even a hearing for Judge Garland as you blame Dems. #GOPfail
Look up Biden Rule. Dems created it 
I am well aware of the rule. I said nothing about its use being off-limits. Further, I did not claim the GOP made the rule. 
Ok. But that's the premise. That's all
The point is…that is not all. Minimize all you want but the hyperpartisan nonsense, dismissing and deflection must go.
Ok. Fair.
The Biden Rule is no more a 'rule' than the 5-Second Rule! Remember, nuclear option will swing both ways..
Ooooooh yes it will. HAHAHAHAHAH!!!
So was Merrick Garland's!
What about the plagarism? Is that normal behavior for a SC judge?
http://bostonglobe.com 
Elizabeth Warren? How about someone that credible?
Do you mean like Mitch McConnell?   http://LiveLeak.com  - Senator Mitch McConnell Proud He Doesn't Do His Job 
https://m.liveleak.com/view?i=032_1470781903&comments=1 …
How about someone who doesn't have all the political ties or isn't so over the top? How about his law staff/clerks who are Democrats?
What sort of response would you expect from anyone talking about the person that signs their paychecks and reviews? Voting history & quotes
I meant, ruling history: DN!
http://m.democracynow.org/stories/17212 
Supreme Court Nominee Neil Gorsuch Has a Troubling History When Ruling on Disability Rights Cases 
https://www.aclu.org/blog/speak-freely/supreme-court-nominee-neil-gorsuch-has-troubling-history-when-ruling-disability …
Again, you bring in a far left organization like the ACLU. He doesn't sign paychecks. Obviously you don't realize how courts work.
What about his plagiarism and his lack of legitimate answers and the fact he is stealing garlands place

Unless you're a woman, gay, African-American, a worker. #whitemaleprivilege #hypocrisy #clueless

Merrick Garland #GOPHypocrisy
How ironic, Garland was even more accomplished as well as qualified!
Aren't you the snowball guy who thinks cuz there is still cold weather climate change is a hoax? Why would we listen to you about anything?

How did Merrick Garland's record compare?
Go ahead senator cover your ears ,cover your eyes, protect your party and let America go to hell
No
You with the short memory....so was Merrick Garland.
Well, gee, if the idiot that thinks a snowball disproves global warming is in favor, what could possibly go wrong?
Whereas your record is of such gross stupidity that your recommendation means nothing.
Not true. He wanted the truck driver to die. He consistently decides in favor of corporations. Somebody bought&paid $10M 4 him, sullying SC
@SenateMajLdr @NewsOK Apparently not.
You are wrong - and you played a game that is coming back to bite you.
..Still no word on a principled reason 4 blocking Garland.
#holdthefloor #swampGOP #StopGorsuch
You are a nut.
No, here's a criticism: protecting a corporation over an employees right to avoid frostbite
Did you bother to read Judge Merrick Garland's impeccable record? GOP hypocrisy at its finest! @All100Senators @NewsOK
At least we'll always be able to criticize your record, Senator.
#GopIsTheNewIsis, r all full of bs! Anything 2 get ur party politics pushed thru, even with this slurry regime is investigation! TRAITORS
Lol no
gorsuch is a plagiarist. at my school, that means failure. expel the cheat. #gorsuch
No one is beyond criticism, sir.  Neil Gorsuch has made a variety of questionable decisions in his time on the bench.
Lol! You think the existence of snowballs means there's no climate change.Why should anyone listen to you? Go back to school!!
Fake
Hey remember when Merrick Garland led the investigation and prosecution of the OKC bombing?
Merrick Garland's confirmation ghost says hi!
@SenateMajLdr Cannot wait to use the Nuclear Option. He is SO looking forward to it.
Hush.
I'm busy watching @SenJeffMerkley

Stop whining

We voted for same reason in 2012.  GOP "tantrum" denied Garland hearing. Hold a town hall. We'll mansplain it to u.
don't you "SNOWFLAKES" ever get tired of fighting a losing battle?
Garland was a reasonable choice and GOP blocked him. Dont get upset when the tables are turned.
Look up Biden Rule. Dems created it. What goes around, comes around.
That's not an actual rule. Dems never blocked a nomination because of said "rule." There wasn't even a vacancy when the speech was given.

Reminder: A unanimous, bipartisan Senate confirmed Justice Kennedy in Reagan's FINAL year. Spare me your #GOP BS.

…
Change the nominee, not the rules. GOP obstruction of Garland is unconscionable and Gorsuch is an extremist.
Gorsuch has the highest rating EVER from American Bar Association. Only 1 case overturned in Fed court. That's how extreme he is.
There is no highest "ever". He got the same rating from the ABA as Merrick Garland.
99%?

