Only would've taken 1 vote to stop DeVos, you could have risen above partisan politics and been THE vote. Disappointing failure.
in what sense
how much $$did she & her famy "donate" to your campaign?
$1000. He sold out the country's kids for $1000.
Here's how much they received from DeVos: 

#DeVosVote #NoOnDeVos #DumpDeVos 
thank you for sharing. I'm beyond disappointed but yet unsurprised
dont worry state of OK will remem even repubs r against this vote. Come next election he'll kiss his seat bye
, so...only $1000? If you're going to throw us in the shitter, you could've haggled for more.
.@jiminhofe how specifically will she help Oklahoma schools? Which, if you haven't noticed, are abysmal.
no she hasn't. She's incompetent and incapable of the job.
@BetsyDeVos Jim. Betsy only gave you $1K to vote yes? My god, man, are things that hard up in OK? #lunchmoney
she FAILED Detroit, she will FAIL America, you're just another bought and sold senator. #senatorsforsale
i think SHE BOUGHT YOU AND EVERY OTHER PERSON WHO VOTED FOR HER...SHAME ON YOU! #VotingYouOut2018
Let's not forget that she donated money to you and the other senators who supported her. SHOCK! GASP!
that is completely untethered from reality. But you have a chance to do the right thing: NO ON PRUITT
Shame on you!!!!
Betsy DeVos made campaign contributions but we pay your salary. Remember that. Stand up for us or we'll find someone who will.
She knows nothing about education.  Remember that most Oklahomans are not as wealthy as you.  Quit following and lead.
.@jiminhofe it is wildly apparent that the @SenateGOP is more important to you than your constituents.
Do you EVER get tired of lying?
she's fought hard to donate to your coffers too.
you are out of touch with your constituents.  Don't listen to us, we elected you and can and will be heard at the next election.
Do you truly believe in the voucher program? Have you not seen our schools lose allocations to underperforming charter schools?
Shame on you for the votes today to approve an unqualified Devos and your vote to silence @SenWarren.  Party before country. SAD!
& she fought to give you a whopping $1,000 too?
Two footnotes. 1) Murkowski got DeVos money but still voted “No.” 2) The outrage is not for DeVos’s politics. It’s her qualifications. 
Hey! @jiminhofe If I give you $1,001 will you come perform for my kid's birthday?  How are you at balloon animals?
he's got enough hot air for 1000 balloon animals, that's for sure.
Thank you Senator, for supporting Ms. Devos. You are helping our children over the teachers unions!
You are clueless.
You're a joke and a completely bought politician.
You making a decision on anyone who gave you money is shameful. I've zero respect for you of your party or that fraud Devos
so if I give you $1,000 then I can take your place since you think people with ZERO experience & knowledge can do the job?
Overjoyed YOU are not my Senator #Bought&PaidFor
unfortunately your vote just confirms to the rest of the nation that Oklahoma doesn't value education. Bigly sad.
Sold off my child's education. For what? You should have listened to your constituents #wheresmyrepresentation
She isn't qualified to walk a dog.
not a single supporter here...think about that not one person is pleased w you.  Not one constituent.  You should be ashamed.
what a load of crap. How much did she pay you? Pay for play plain and simple. We are not fools.
and her lack of knowledge of IDEA. You're ok with disabled kids being nonexistent? No in 2018. I'd rather vote for Hitler.
JIIMMY YOU HAD YOUR CHANCE TO MAKE A CHANGE BUT YOUNG MINDS DO NOT MATTER TO YOU! #Noted 
Complete disregard for your constituents is finally clear to more people. Hopefully we can finally get your ass out of office.
Senator Jim Inhofe you sold your vote and betrayed our future generations for $1000. Pathetic, you should be ashamed.
shame #LetLizSpeak
What are you going to say to Oklahoma parents when their children's education is destroyed by that woman?
If you're dumb enough to think she's qualified then you aren't qualified to hold your seat.
seems like you lost a lot of voters here Senator Inhofe.
And her family has given you access to $1000 in campaign donations. I guess you can overlook her lack of experience or knowledge.
you sold out Oklahoma's children for $1K.  I'm sure Jesus is proud of you today.
you have proven your disloyalty to your constituents.  No vote for you.
what a joke you are. I hope you never get re elected. This irresponsible action should be punished
Devos only gave you 1K?  Other senators made off way better. Tillis got over 70K. You sold out the kids for a measly grand.
a fucking grand bought your vote? I could have given you that dude.
I'm glad you're bought out like every other politician in the Capitol you and @SenatorLankford disgust me to live in Oklahoma
Please resign. You just failed America's children and the future of our country. So shameful.
$1,000. You sold out the future of our children's education for 1,000 fucking dollars.
you didn't listen to your fellow Oklahomas. The person answering your phone said you received 0 calls pro the nomination! 0
Either someone told you bad information or you are outright lying. I know that is inaccurate
FYI I'm a Christian and don't outright lie. I asked person answering the phone. It was a bad vote.
- monetizing education without oversight allows billionaires to profit from our children's future. #beashamed
you confirmed a totally inept DeVos for $48,000
Pieces of gold. You sold us out AGAIN
Make that $1,000
Pieces of gold. You went cheap
since you believe we, 49th worst nationally, know best how to educate our kids your vote for Devo$ is not surprising, still awful
Even her home state of Michagan sees she is a failure. It's good to know that the Senate has been bought and paid for. MID-TERMS!
I hope you don't plan on reelection.
it is apparent to me that you have been in Washington too long and U will NEVER have MY vote. You SOLD OUT children of The U.S.
I hope that on 11-06-2018 the choice you made today is remembered. Disappointed but not shocked by your vote.
Federal funding is only 8% of the education funding in Oklahoma. How will she return education to the state....it's already there
Well, not all. You forgot students with disabilities, LGBTQ, and poor kids. Oops. Also, selling your soul for $1000 - not cool.
Disgraceful. You have betrayed the children of Oklahoma.
you should retire. All our underpaid teachers in Oklahoma lost today. Betsy with her billions, clearly our kids l
resign
Looks like you could use a better education. "Secretary of Education" should be capitalized.
You flushed our Education Dept down the toilet for $1000?...SHAMEFUL!! @karenhunter @SXMUrbanView
You sir, did not do your job.  And you did not represent Oklahoma.  This will be remembered on election day.
you mean she fought to line her own families pockets.
while lining her (and your) pockets. You are a bought man, Senator.
You mean all rich students. DeVos wants to privatize education. See what privatization did to our prison system?
you only managed a grand out of @BetsyDeVos. Figured you'd think the eductional rights of Oklahomans were worth more than that.
you ignored your constituents who did not want DeVos. You sold OK children's education for $1,000. You should be ashamed!
you're full of it.
You vote was so cheap! You got ripped! 1,000? Really? Not even worth writing a statement Jimmy
@InhofePress As an Oklahoman I'm outraged you voted to confirm Devos. No vote from me next election and I know I'm not alone.
I hope Oklahoma finally realizes that you could care less about your constituents. Can't wait to get to the voting booth!
you can't even land an airplane on the right runway. You vote is no surprise. Quit!! Okla despises u
She also gave you $1K in campaign contributions, so I guess you owed her one, huh?  #standindivisible
Really? When? Whose kids? Sure hasn't led the way fighting for any kids that I've seen. Especially OK kids. #YourConstituents
I could have set up a @gofundme and collected more than $1,000 to buy your "no" vote on DeVos. Call me next time!
... i refuse to believe you're stupid enough to believe this. all it takes is $1k to buy a cabinet position huh?
Party 1st politics destroyed Rome & it will destroy us. Please find ur courage & defy fascism in future, for sake of our future
you ignored the voice of the people & needs of our kids. We will remember your betrayal. This is why ppl dislike politicians.
you sold your vote for a front row ticket to a Thunder game
you sold your vote for 2 season passes to Disneyland
you sold your vote for a new iPhone
w/all due respect, YAY to campaign donater with zero experience = NAY to OKLA children.
You sold out
You speak about protecting low-income/minority/disabled children when she couldn't herself. You would have been #BetterThanBetsy.
you hate America and children? what is your stance on puppies? don't tell me, I think I know.
please correct that. replace "all" with "selected". enjoy the blood money from her contributions.
you had a 50/50 chance to get it right today, & you FAILED miserably! I pledge 2 U now my support 4 UR challenger next election!
U weren't elected to vote on your opinion. U were elected to vote as the voice of your constituents, & the majority opposed her.
Can you explain this to me? https://news.vice.com/story/school-choice-detroit-betsy-devos …

DM's are open

I feel like you have tried to dim the future of my children.
Unfortunately the majority of constituents you represent have a different idea of what makes an education high-quality
.@jiminhofe She's an idiot & is in no way qualified for the position. You only voted party lines not for the good of your voters.
Clearly since she is so well.studied that she didnt know of protections in place for students with disabilities
You saddened me. I’ll have to rethink my vote in the next election.
