how does this protect us from another Tim McVeigh??  Another Dylan Roof???  I'm your constituent from Owasso & I disagree
Please, stop insulting us. Of course it's a ban on Muslims. He's been promising one and now he's done it.
The founding fathers & the US constitution was built on freedom from persecution due to religious beliefs- #StandUp4Us
A large part of the pop. of this country either are/ are descended from refugees. Also why are greencard holders banned.
do as the people want.Not our duty to do as you want. Vote for us and don't force falsehoods on us.
read these stories and tell me how this ban is right?
Raise up the voices of your constituents. Oppose the Muslim ban and support basic human rights.
would any of your adopted grandchildren be impacted by your views on immigration? #dobetter #NoBanNoWall
"It's really the Democrats fault this happened"
POTUS only banned those from countries he does not have a business. It is a religious ban and shows a conflict of interest
Frankly, didn't expect anything else from you. You are & continue to be against everything we stand for.
If you don't support our president I believe in term limits. You're out
You're complicit in this madman's antics. History will show you as enabler of fascism in U.S. @jiminhofe @POTUS
As an Oklahoman, I am deeply saddened that you do not see this for what it really is-religious persecution
I figured this would be your response. It took you all weekend to make this statement? Your voice mail was full. Wonder why?
Who do you represent? Why was your office closed early last week? Why don't you listen to your constituents?
Why do you want to send elderly, children, and people who risk their lives to help the United States back?
Your roll in this will not be forgotten.
a statement full of falsehoods. You are the representative of the PEOPLE of the state of Oklahoma. It's your duty (cont)
How long would be willing to wait to re-enter your home with your family? How much do you think it costs these people?!
.@jiminhofe It IS a Muslim ban and the people it affects are not from countries that have attacked us. Please stand up for ALL Oklahomans!
You two are Fascists
Very sad that our elected officials have been bullied & are now 2 frightened 2stand up for countries morals & ethics #StandUp4Us
The majority of Oklahomans support Pres. Trump. We should encourage M.E countries to take refugees. Why won't they?
I would like for you to guess which country refugees fled to during the Iraq war
Which Iraq war?
the one we are still technically in, that slaughtered a million people
They r treated as "guests" & never obtain legal status in M.E. host countries. It is not the same!
a Syrian refugee running from war to the US is the reason I'm here @gwtiawah
Elections have consequences. Unfortunately we can't save the world, I wish we could. I want our vets taken care of.
are you and President Bannon in league with the devil? Those countries didn't attack us, those were Saudi Arabians.
I tried several times to reach you. In box full. You don't represent your constituents you're out
Hi! African Immigrant constituent here! You #ProLife ? Why not save endangered refugee lives? #withholdconsent #immigrationban
as a voter in the State of Oklahoma, I support this measure by my President. Please support him in this Mr. Senator.
You are a weak man. Nothing about this #MuslimBan will protect anyone. 15 of the 9/11 terrorists were from $audi Arabia. Coward.
just admit that this is a bald faced partisan statement with no evidence to support your claims.
I did not know that Steve Bannon was a "well respected expert" nor that Giuliani had foreign policy experience.
dud you have to clear this with Koch brothers first? Is that why it took you for days to resound?
-- absolutely not. Jim, it's time to head to pasture, Buddy. You stopped giving a fuck years ago. #Resist #NoBanNoWall
This is a lie.  Just ask Rudy Giuliani. Please protect American principles over party politics.
.@jiminhofe So now you’re an excuse-making shill for @potus? I didn’t think I could be more disappointed with you, but here I am.
I can't believe you agree with this Muslim Ban, you just made us less safe. You need to retire, I'll vote 2018  no to GOP
Nothing temporary as to Syrian refugees or >50% total reduction in refugees accepted by US. Are we so small and frightened? Sad.
consistent with his campaign promise - you mean this one about "complete shutdown of Muslims"? https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/donald-j.-trump-statement-on-preventing-muslim-immigration …
the media never reports the truth unless it will bump up their numbers you have to remember that the news is a business
there is no proof that Tump had work with Russia it was the samething they did to HRC 10days  before Nov 8 and it cost her
him not being PC is a good thing, but he also si not indebted to anywone for winning the WH &POTUS,
Trump doesn't need half the country having a tantrums everytime he does what he campained on, he is the 1st not to be PC
so you all need to get off your pretend high horses and get behind our president so he can do his job the best he can
US has had 39 terrorist attack in the last 15yrs that are unclassified & there have been 100+ prevented by law enforcment
I have never been more disappointed in you, Senator Inhofe. Even @SenatorLankford spoke against this injustice. Shame on you.
this is the code that gives are president the power to do this w/out going through congress
news channels need to report all the facts not only what will inflam the leftwing nut who are ignorant to the truth
He has every right to do this & every POTUS since Carter has done this very thing to some or all of these countries
@NEWS9 @POTUS You know they wont be temporary. You always call new taxes and tolls temporary and we know how that goes.
Senator Snowball, please provide a statement about your friend DeVos, who donated to your '14 campaign.
"The Trump administration is comprised of well-respected experts" -- NAME ONE.
Glad you used your platform to get in a jab at Dems and not condemn this shameful act of fear mongering #NoBanNoWall
Shameful, simply shameful. It is a Muslim ban...call it whatever you wish, but it is what it is.
I promise to not vote for you to sit in your current position again. I will encourage others to look at your "alternative facts."
I am disappointed in you. There have been 0 attacks from the 7 banned, but the others DT has business with aren't impacted by EO.
Saudi Arabia had 15 of 9/11 terrorists and yet it is not on list?  Oh that’s right, DT does business with them.
what is lacking in the current vetting process that necessitates this EO?  This does not make anyone safer.
Bannon: I want to bring everything crashing down, and destroy all of today's establishments." You better start resisting now!
18-24 months of vetting for Syrian refugees not good enough for you?
Trump admin is comprised of well-respected experts!? Like Director of National Intel & Chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff?
Is there anything the GOP leadership could do that you wouldn't applaud? Is there any humanity left in you?
Ah, Jim! Once again drinking the #GOP Kool Aid.
.@jiminhofe @POTUS Doesn't your seat come up in 2018? Your voice mail is full for a reason. The people are not happy. #NoBanNoWall
No, 2021. That doesn't mean we can't make his job hard by holding his feet to the fire.
well guess he'll get to know us well
.@jiminhofe You're wrong on this, Senator. The EO was poorly planned and executed. It is in effect a Muslim ban. Please vote to rescind.
This is disgraceful, an example of how you are parroting the party line History will judge us & you will be found wanting. Shame!
Get rid of it and try it again. It's a sham and abysmal and you know it. You guys are embarrassing.
You're wrong- the US is no longer a beacon of freedom. You should be ashamed of yourself for helping to destroy it.
.@jiminhofe "the Trump Administration is comprised of well-respected experts"  WOW. This might be my favorite #alternativefact yet!!  #shame

I'm surprised. A racist, uneducated white man from Oklahoma. SHOCKED.
@NEWS9 @POTUS this dude is not an expert and he's the only"expert" DT is taking orders from!
@NEWS9 @POTUS #noban #VoteInhofeOut "give me your tired, your poor" -maybe we should add disclaimer of 'white christians only"
None of you care abt the human side of this. You are a bunch of white old men scared that you are losing your hold. #noban
@NEWS9 @POTUS violation of the first amendment, dangerous wrong
Stepping on your own dick rolling out policy is not well thought out. Then having advisors as yes men is not compete.
still a voice of reason among a sea of simple minds. Glad MOST in OK not digesting liberal comments & MSM misinformation
troll
The EO is UnAmerican on its face and will lead to greater danger of terror attacks worldwide.
"This legislation is not anti-Jewish, but pro-German."  Adolph Hitler. Substitute Muslim and US. #HistoryWillJudge
I luv ya buddy but 1) zero attacks on US soil since 9/11 from visa hldrs and refugees 2) P didn't talk w agencies, why start now?
Sorry but this is total BS. Our friends and neighbors in Oklahoma are affected by this action. You should be utterly ashamed.
Thank you for the statement, but I am unsatisfied that this is not an out-right repudiation of @POTUS 's policy.
@NEWS9 @POTUS this is truly shameful, in America you are more likely to die by another American and their gun then a terrorist.
And how is any of Senator Inhofe's tweets to his constituents any concern or needing a comment from you?
lol ... okay I get you have to be rude!  Here in Oklahoma we think sometimes it is better to mind your business.
Could you just be more human for once.
The EO is a transparent attack on a religious minority. Your refusal to acknowledge that reality is shameful.
I stand with you.
of course you do 
#scaredoldwhiteman
Deep fried chicken head looking ass is scared of  refugee children and actual US citizens @jiminhofe
When he actually properly executes a single policy we can talk about experts. Still waiting on that one
The rollout of this order demonstrates that the Trump administration is NOT comprised of well-respected experts.  Repeal and replace it.
