Smokey eye was not a jab, it’s a makeup style. The jab was that she uses the ash of burned facts to get her style. 
Maybe worry more about this you tool.
Could a professional who is paid to offer his opinions possibly produce a *less* compelling take? “Who could ever laugh at an abortion joke?!” How could you even type this with both hands clutching your pearls??
Seriously. There are funny jokes about things that are not funny. It's how we survive

RT @anamariecox 
The most offensive line in Michelle Wolf’s routine was “Flint still doesn’t have clean water;” if something else she said bothers you more than that then maybe we…
Michelle! NOBEL! NOBEL! NOBEL!
Roasting is not bullying.  It was a roasting forum & the idiot showed up & took her medicine. We either have to stop the BS coming from the White House or ridicule it until it dies.
I don't get it. Who is more harmful to the country. A comedian who mocks the PressSec for lying to the country or the @PressSec who lies to the country on a daily basis?
How is telling someone they have a perfect Smokey eye making fun of their makeup? She was joking about the lies she tells, not her makeup and/or looks.
The “Aunt Lydia” line was more plausibly about her looks and it’s not even mentioned. (Still a good joke, though, because it’s also plausibly about her policies.)
Do you think the actress that plays Aunt Lydia is ugly?
I said “Aunt Lydia,” not Ann Dowd.
Haha yeah
Speech? Really? She was asked (or hired) to do a comedy routine roasting everyone and she did. Speech implies she had an agenda other than making people laugh . The press is probably really upset because she said the press created Trump and now profiting from it.

Average person here! When you have an outlet like @CNN where @Acosta gets denigrated on a day to day basis and you choose *this* to take a stand but not him? Please, take a seat.
What I don’t understand is the media’s focus on the joke about her makeup. She didn’t say it looked bad. She said it was made from lies. She even said it was “perfect smokey eye”. So why do they say that is an attack on her looks? To deflect from the truth about themselves is why
Because they simply don’t get it.

Not a surprise that the Left thinks that hate mongering, intolerance and vulgarity are funny.
Seriously?? She wasn't making fun of her make-up or her looks not for a second, she did expose you and the rest of the media as complicit. The truth hurts doesn't it?
Thank you Chris what would we do w/o you and your guidance?
D-, see me after school.  It's *couldn't* care less.
Excellent. “Two wrongs don’t make a right” - it’s stunning that’s such a hard sale these days.
So @realDonaldTrump and his minions are allowed to dish it out, but shouldn't have to take it?  WTF?
Fwiw it’s “I could NOT care less”. Saying one could care less is, in fact, stating they care at least an amount.

It’s a pet peeve of mine, but also like, isn’t this your job? To know words and their meanings?
Would you think the same way if these words were said by a man? @hasanminhaj made a very similar speech. @michelleisawolf didn’t make fun of @SarahHuckabee looks. She made fun of how she is an unapologetic liar.
Ah, now it makes more sense. You thought she was giving a speech last night. That's funny!
@CillizzaCNN Flint still doesn't have clean water and you clearly don't get roast comedy. Go back to your bubble.
NO ONE CARES
she's a Legend.
Chris your use of the word 'speech' in regards to the performance @michelleisawolf gave at the WHC dinner is misleading for those unfamiliar with the event the comedian roasts the press and WH. It's not like she was hired to be the worst motivational speaker ever!
In the very sentence in which you whine about Love allegedly making fun of Sanders' makeup, you actually quote the language showing that she is **not making fun of Sanders' makeup**. How dense can you be?
Should’ve saved this, Chris. You are now even more useless.
You took notes during her comedy showcase. Meaning; you weren't listening to laugh or understand, but rather to respond. This piece is all about you.
Definition of bully - a person who uses strength or power to harm or intimidate those who are weaker. ...The joke lady doesn't fit the profile. Leave it to CNN not to understand the difference. Explains tortured journey of Trump's election coverage on your network.
So if I decide to wear a lime green fedora with a 3 foot fucking peacock feather and someone says,"You're rocking that hat, did you buy it with the sweat of all the gullible teenage runaway hookers you turned out?"we would be talking about how bad it is 2 critique my appearance?

Stick to "articles" on Trump's Top 10 nicknames, Chris; you're a useless hack.  And read this if you'd like some truth:
It’s hard to believe you’re real
Alex, I'll take: What's the least sought after opinion from an over paid hack? For a 1000.
“Burns facts”? I heard “burns fat,” clear as a bell.
Uh, there’s a clip out there with the audience laughing. Are you even capable of telling the truth? Ever? #CNNFakeNews
I guess you're entirely incorrect thoughts.
Dude, if ever a room deserved to be, as you yourself call it,  "napalmed" ,this was it.
Thinking is not your strong suit
How do you hold onto a job?
Chris, the press transmitted for free almost all Trump campaign speeches during the primaries and presidential election, no other candidate republican or democratic received such publicity,  yes the preNss is responsible for creating Trump and now has to own it.
There seems to be a lot you don’t understand about language for someone who has made it their profession to write.

Wow. The idea that MW's joke "called out" Sander's eye makeup is madness. She PRAISED her eye makeup—she said it was a "perfect smokey eye"—she just pointed out that it was made of the ashes of burned lies. Which it is! Both.
Keep your thoughts for yourself, we dont need them. She nailed every joke with grace and truth. All the rest is bs from msm. We, the american people are pretty comfortable with Wolf’s performance.
You did help create the monster. Covering each and every freaking second of the charade, putting him on TV over and over and over again. It is all about a brand recognition. Trump's brand soared thanks to you!
Your comment about “nobody celebrating an abortion” further fuels the stigma and shame associated with women who choose to get abortions. When you call it a bad thing, you make the women who choose to get one people who do a bad thing.
You should really disclose that these aren't "thoughts" so much as "Cillizza stuck his finger in his mouth, tested which way the wind was blowing, then threw up a bunch of post-frat boy musings which he scribbled into a computer."
I agree. I turned it off. It wasn’t funny. It was nasty and insulting, and there’s already enough of that going around.
Mad Bitch is mad.
I think someone's feelings are hurt. She's better at your job than you are.
But I don’t think POTUS made himself look like a banner of integrity. It just shows me how low we have gone. I am ashamed of both “shows” last night. Sad really....because we are good people like James Shaw. We just don’t act like it anymore.
You must have multiple personality disorder because you literally sit on every side of every issue depending on the day, and which way the wind is blowing. Do you have any balls, or are you another Paul Ryan? Thanks for speaking truth @michelleisawolf!
Chris, would you mind posting a link to your article from the #WHCD when Strong joked about Obama's looks and his inability to talk back to the police because he was black? We're you mad Obama was bullied?
my thoughts: it’s a shame she didn’t call you out, specifically, by name, repeatedly

"Something Something Mad Bitch Beer?" #GTFO

Those are your thoughts, huh?  And you felt a certain obligation to share them.  Oh, and I enjoyed the obligatory, "Yes, Trump's a bully, too," as if the President of this country and a STANDUP COMIC AT A ROAST are equal in power.  Kinda sad, Chris.
Cannot disagree more. We cannot allow @POTUS to drag us down to his level.  Nothing can be accomplished if we become two mobs hurling insults at one another. I am heartsick at the tenor of the national debate and I will not allow my conduct to lower it further.
Would agree with that more if the press wasn’t doing such a great job of acting like he’s nothing unusual.  Also, given what HAS been done under Trump, accomplishing nothing has a certain appeal.
Nobody cares, nerd.
Wow, you took comey notes.   Cameras showed you laughing...hysterically.
Never write about comedy again. Seriously don't. There was no "celebration" of abortion. It was a raunchy joke. No you do take yourselves way too seriously and you have no sense of humor. She didn't do what you wanted her to do, good for her. You must think Fallon is the best.
Shorter Cillizza: Don't blame Doctor Frankenstein for the monster, it's really the lightning's fault. Jackass!
Is there any way that you pro communicators could stop using a phrase that doesn't mean what it purports to? Referring to your "Wolf's I-could-care-less-about-any-of-you approach". Don't you mean she could NOT care less? It has become so common that my plea is useless, I'm sure.
Hey Chris, thanks for having the guts to call out this cringeworthy monologue for what it was ... bullying.  It was painful to watch on TV so I can only imagine how it must have felt to have had to sit through it.  
Admittedly, I'm not 100% up on today's slang/slurs, but can you please explain how "a perfect smokey eye" is offensive?
Good analysis.
Agree with your critique Chris, and ‘two wrongs don’t make a right’.
"here are donald trump's 17 most epic FTW insults! WOWZA!" guy has some thoughts about collegiality
“misleads on the regular”
Agreed with what you wrote about dinner. Trump is fair game and it’s fair to after him for what he says. Last night was not funny it was cruel and mean on many counts.
You work for CNN and the Sanders satire went right over your head. You found the abortion jokes more outrageous than Flint having no water. It’s like writing an op ed saying jokes about Goebells go to  far.#putz
@CillizzaCNN  You do know what these people have done to the country just so far, right??  And that yesterday Trump said he can’t bear to watch disabled people in the Special Olympics, right?  So stuff it. These people deserve no defense by anyone.
Not your shining hour Chris.
Won't defend the bullying, we need to be better than where we are as a country, but I will say I feel you are 100% wrong in trying to pass the buck on the media's part in "creating" Trump.
DEFINITELY the best use of your time and platform here, Chris. 
At least he wasn't comparing Trump to Michael Jordan.
ADDITIONAL SUPPORTING EVIDENCE. 

Chrissie. You are so far off track the Objectivius Shinium Syndromus meds won’t even help today. 

Find this, read it, then update your article.
Hey Chris, you do a great a smokey eye. You do it yourself or @cnn make-up team?
"Perfect smokey eye" kind of sounds like... What's the word?

A compliment on someone's appearance.

Tagged by a reminder that the person with the beautiful makeup is also a liar.

Reading comprehension is not strong on the right today.
Still don’t agree with you , he joke about the press secretary had nothing to do with her looks . Context matters
Big, bad Michelle is gone. You DC types can go back to stroking your egoes and slapping each other on the back.
you need to learn about jokes
It is a mistake for journalism to be represented by a comedian. The format is wrong. #WHCA
Good for you you were there. Let's start with to celebrate 'the free and independent media.'. You're not. You're bought. It's corporate media. Huckabee Sanders insults YOU, and the American people, with every so-called 'press briefing'. Save it. Do your job; this isn't it.
With all due respect Chris Cillizza, please don't pull bullying into this. That card has no play here. @michelleisawolf used classic joke structure. The eye makeup line is about skill - which Sander's lacks - not Sanders looks.
Bullying - Do you know what a roast is?  The abortion joke was not good at all but it was for shock value like you said. She went easy on Sarah it should have been much more if you ask me since you guys talk about her so much.
The abortion joke was truly awful (though she went off the lefty script and called it a baby instead of a fetus) but the smokey eye makeup bit is mildly funny and fairly tame as she was riffing on Maybelleine's decades old tagline and well all press secretaries lie, don't they?
Nah. I really don’t give a rat’s ass about Huckabee’s feelings. Or rather I care to about the same extent she cares about the truth. And given the nature of the event, what does the WHCA expect any way?
These aren't "thoughts." You admit to profiting from and amplifying Trump because he said things no one else had. So did @michelleisawolf
Truth hurts! I loved it!
It wasn't an attack on her looks!!!
As an admitted "bleeding heart" progressive, I don't do mean or want to hear what must (should) be a terrible clinical decision celebrated. Luckily, the performance was on my TV so I had the luxury of turning it off before it hit the bottom.
great column. on point.
Good Lord, how pious and sanctimonious can you be? It was a comedy routine, it was rough, and she hit the mark many times. If CNN thinks these routines are so unseemly, they shouldn't attend.
Let’s not forget what the administration’s policy priorities are: take away people’s healthcare; destroy the environment; discriminate against Muslims; deport child immigrants; protect gun rights at all costs,I could go on.If u stand with those policies u deserve everything u get
Everything she was pointing out was not meant to boost her show, it's to highlight that news is broken, you crushed her point by having your ANALYSIS piece on top of CNN webpage. ANALYSIS IS NOT NEWS. And the smokey eye joke you'll just never get.
This is on top of main site. The idea that opining on news platforms is being considered news and real reporting is discounted. And this is your response? This cannot be your headline ever. Facts before analysis.

A good read Chris, thanks for your perspective
And expecting us to feel pity for anyone who works in the current administration is staggering. The lies, the corruption, the attempts to hurt ordinary people’s lives while giving the rich a massive tax cut. And a joke is bad?
The comment on Sanders appearance was a bit much but I didn’t find the rest of it offensive at all. The abortion joke isn’t celebrating abortion, it’s ridiculing the VP for his abhorrent opposition to a woman’s right to choose.
Lol you’re such a knob, dude
To answer your question, yes, the abortion joke was funny. Next
Well I'm guessing Michelle Wolf is a new member of Sarah Hucks  " all hat,no cattle" fan club !!!
Chris, the amount by which you missed the point is staggering. I think your both sides thinking has crippled your clarity.

In fact, Wolf's comments were more at you and your devout failure to call out and stand up to bullies. You all do to an extent, but then equivocate.
By you I mean your profession. People have been bullied and put in fear. Trump has told ppl to lock their doors because Muslim immigrants are in their neighborhood. The admin attacks truth and institutions of democracy. Your profession equivocates and seeks normalation.
Michelle Wolf pointed out failures in valuing truth. She didn't bully bullies she stood up to them. Certainly no one else is. They have zero fear of divisive lies. Why is that? I mean, how do you miss that?
I agree with your points.
Did we watch the same roast? I rewatched last year's WHCP, and Hasan Minaj was just as brutal. AS HE SHOULD BE. This has always been an opportunity to mock the administration, no matter who you support. Michelle Wolf did exactly what she was there to do, and she did it well.
Someone sounds bitter about her comments on @CNN
Ya think
Too millions of men out there.... you ever hear of "smoky eyes before? Course not.... Wplf is a bully and a publicity hound...
Everyone knows what a smoky eye is, dude.
strip all else away, but the brief and lasting moment of clarity on media complicity remains—that was the one real truth-to-power moment

Spot on.
Chris, read your article in the CNN app unlike the bully supporters here. Reminds me if high school kids gathering around a lunch fight. Wolf is a bully, not funny like her abortion joke. Im no fan of Sanders but i saw her inner child, out for a night of fun, break. Humans?
Reading you whine and moan about Michelle Wolf is a perfect start to the day
Your comments about Michelle Wolf's speech were whining.Possibly you and the rest of the "Washington denizens" haven't noticed the rage building in many millions of Americans as they realize what sort of criminals inhabit that city and how "news" has become propaganda
The abortion joke was my favorite.
I strongly disagree with you. @SarahHuckabee  does nothing but lie. It's her norm. So if she feels she can constantly do it to us on daily basis. I don't see what's wrong with poking her with some jokes. That's what comedians do
No
It's pathetic that we as an alleged compassionate ppl stoop to the lows she did to gain publicly for her own benefit. You're correct. She's an unknown and knew what she was doing. Her ulterior motives were to bring publicity for her show. To do it at others expense is bullying
She's actually blowing up hence hosting the show :)
If she wasn’t going after her weight, I think she was in safe territory. Regarding abortion, GOP men think it’s a perfectly reasonable option when they knock up one of their girlfriends or mistresses, not so much for anyone else though. For anyone else, it’s MURDER.
Relax republicans. It was just locker room talk #WHCD
It's "couldn't-care-less"!!!  I wonder whether Talev thought Wolf's I-could-care-less-about-any-of-you approach was such a great idea after the comedian's speech.
And Flint still doesn’t have clean water! @michelleisawolf was fierce!! Bravo!
Makeup is a choice and not the features you were given.  Secondly, she said she perfected the #smokyeye, and honestly it does look good on her. What's brutal is your unnecessary protection of SHS suggests that it's you that doesn't think much of her looks.
Wow, just as purely worthless as your usual thoughts! Congrats on your consistency.
You had me .. until you went into whataboutism (even with the caveat of two wrongs don't make a right).  
You can think it, you didn't have to taint your own piece, Chris.
Here's where @CillizzaCNN was SO CLOSE to a home run, instead veered foul, just left of truth. Here's how it should have read:
"What you do with your (and the unborn) body and how you handle those TWO lives..."
You guys are crazy, there was no insult about her appearance. She actually called the smokey eye application "perfection". It was about the lies.
Stop concern trolling. Your default bias that "X is infinitely worse if a liberal/democrat does it" is showing. A white nationalist can insult his way to the presidency. A liberal/democrat can't roast people at a pointless dinner b/c feelings will be hurt. Get lost.
Irreverent, awkward and inappropriate. It was brilliant.
minor criticism, do you think it is wrong to plug her netflix show after she does something so nasty?
Plug her comedy show after she does comedy? No. WTF LOL
Oh, you’ve joined the fake outrage club too? You’re never going to convince those on the right you’re unbiased. Also, saying SHS’s makeup is created from burned truth is not mocking her looks, it’s mocking her lies. The ones reporters let her get away with.
@PressSec was being insulted for lies not looks. Everything is up for ridicule in comedy, that includes abortion. A coastal comedian is regular people, she pays taxes too. She was brilliant for not pandering to that room. #MichelleWolfKilledIt
She hit the nail on the head when she said the media created the monster and benefitted from all the news the monster spread. Yes you are to blame for his election, like it or not. You want respect then stop seeing the readers as stupid
And which crowd are YOU playing to, Chis?  Does your crotch hurt from straddling that fence?  Trying to play black AND red? Maintaining the option to jump to whichever side “wins”?  You’re wishy washy. Just admit it.
Thank you Michelle for speaking the truth last night sprinkled with a bit of vulgar got everyone’s attention perhaps that’s the way more people will hear the truth 
Keep it up
#TheTruthHurts 
You left off the biggest point of the night...Flint still doesn’t have drinkable water. Do you leave before she ended her routine?
“YOU HAVE THE AUDACITY TO THINK IT WAS UNKIND TO SPEAK THE TRUTH ABOUT SHS? BOTH SHE AND RUMPF  CHALLENGE ALL OF OUR FREEDOMS; PRESS, RELIGION, SPEECH, DISCRIMINATION AGAINST ANYTHING THATS NOT WHITE, POLICE BRUTALITY AGAINST POC, DACA, etc?GIMME A BREAK It’s DOESNT EFFECT U RT?”
The hot takes on this are like pundit cancer. I hope we’re over this soon. Because there are only so many ways to not take a joke.
I agree, no matter your political opinions on abortion, it's not funny.
This is spot on.   Now, when will your trump pep rally recap be ready? :)
How about Sanders was told to go? How about Sanders has done NOTHING but LIE for a living. The TRUTH in the form of a joke is still the TRUTH unlike what Sanders does daily! You guys love this bc it sells makes you relevant!  You wrote that opinion to be controversial IT SELLS

@CNN @CNNPolitics #FAKENEWS  #WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner 
Maybe she was trying to make a point in subtext, which, however, was so nuanced it should have been stated more directly: Words have consequences; for journalists; for administration officials; for Presidents.
I like how you compare a proto-authoritarian like trump to a comedian making a joke at a comedy event. She was joking. This is comedy. Do you understand what comedy is?  She made a joke about her makeup and called her a liar. It took 30 seconds. For gods sake
She got her 15 minutes, and she trashed it.  Sure, people will talk about her the next few days, and then she will be gone.  No one will remember her name, or that horrid voice, and rightfully and justifiably so.  This was not comedy.  Whoever booked her for this should be fired.
She’s been on cable TV for like two years
Her point was to shock. And shock she did. The abortion stuff did go too far. But the Sanders stuff was well deserved.  She’s an accomplice to the destruction of this democracy. This is not the time to be politically correct. Stay strong. Don’t sell out. The end.
Ummmm. Who cares?
I winced a bit at the Sanders shots but let's be honest, the WHCD IS THE SWAMP. In the end, I'm ok with Wolf throwing savage lefts and rights at everyone in that room and the thin skinned narcissist who was a no-show. Love your stuff on CNN btw.
“Perfect smoky eye” is not insulting her make up!! I have NEVER been able to do a good smoky eye much less perfect. STOP. That is simply NOT an insult, even in context. Her hair is also beautiful and shiny. But she peddles lies.
A comedian who doesn't provoke and make uncomfortable isn't doing their job. She's not fucking Shecky Green.
I disagree. If someone bullies me, and I then bully someone ELSE, that is wrong.  But, if I bully them BACK, then they got what they damn well deserved. Sanders makes a habit of bullying and insulting reporters. Trump insults people's looks. F*ck them. They deserve it.
This!  It is standing up to the bullies.  She said what the majority of Americans think and would like to say.
You deserve to be Napalmed Berlin Chris

Fighting fascism is ulgy
She was hilarious!
In a month no one will remember her jokes, like them or not. @PressSec daily attack on the free press and purposeful dissemination of deception will last forever
I don't normally say good things about you Chris, I pick at and troll you.  I do,have to say your article is pretty spot on.  Enjoyable factual reading.  Not that it matters, but good job.
Funny, I think he’s usually spot on but disagree with him here.
Lol you’re both wrong
I so agree with your point, especially when she went after Sanders' appearance - not that I like Sanders for I don'.  I stop watching after the abortion piece.  Wolf knew what she was doing but make a better choice next year who highlights the importance of journalists!
Michelle Wolf advanced her brand the way Don Imus advanced his brand at the #WHCD...everyone in the country was talking about him negatively.
Stop inviting comedians if you don't want to hear stuff like that. God forbid journalists become the arbiters of what acceptable comedy is.
You're usually on point but you missed some things here.  The smokey eye wasn't an insult, the fact that she burns facts and gives no fucks about telling the truth was the insult.
The abortion joke was a little out there, but she rounded it out by pointing out the hypocrisy of the right.  They don't want abortions until they knock up their mistresses, then they're the first ones in line.
Please stop defending Sarah’s Huckabee Sanders. That joke was not about her appearance, rather it was about the consistent lies she tells. 

By protecting a sexual predator and being a self-deprecating woman, she is exactly like an Uncle Tom.
She got herself a new fan. The people in the room including Sarah Sanders deserved every moment of last night.
She was funny.
     
           The End.
Other than the smoky eye line - which was not an attack - what were these physical attacks everyone is reading into this. I’m not getting it. @michelleisawolf
There's nothing to get.  The anti-PC folks have their panties in a bunch over a stand-up routine that I thought for the most part was pretty funny.
Yeah hilarious and so true maybe that's why they got their panties in a bunch
Lol as though anyone cares

Why are people so offended by the jokes about Sarah Sanders? @PressSec stands in front of the American people every single day and tells lie after lie after lie.…
It’s a “routine,” not a “speech.”
Wolf is a comedian everyone should calm down. Trump, Sanders Conway etc., insult people every day! And what Wolf said about the media is true. Media did help elect a monster.
The President finds the Paralympics hard to watch. I find the @PressSec hard to listen to.
