#FreeCosby
I'm with you brother. #FreeCosby
Meek Mill gets arrested for probation violation on gun and drug charges, everyone screams injustice. The Cos gets convicted and now the system works fine.
#Hypocrites
Can we get R Kelly out the way?
he molested a lot of helpless women. 
he should be in jail for life
Yet alot of those accusations were never even proven, just like these were never proven. So how is he guilty without a jury verdict when they even said on tv they don't even know if it happened or not?
aw another molester's fan good for u! 
do u know him personally? 
have u seen the legal papers? 
i'd rather believe what the cops are sayin rather than some delusional fan who keeps close minded about #MeToo movement
Cops are known to fabricate shit too. You honestly believe anybody accused of something is automatically guilty. And no i'm not a fan of molesting innocent women, but why did they wait 30 yeqrs to finally say something about it dumbass?
Cosby didn’t do anything wrong cmon people

How many years ago was the act ?  Not saying I am for what ever he did, but 30 years ago, I thought there was a statute of limitations at 3 and or 7 years ? @LionelNation interested in your take on the Statute toll
I think the better message would have been to encourage victims not to wait too long or take hush money
Hush money has a dirty feeling to to me. If he raped anyone, charge him with rape. but do not wait 30 years.
White people loving this huh?
Nah just people who love justice.
All white people in your profile picture my point exactly
It's a concert and not sure if you need your eyes checked but there's just as many brown people.
Ok
Buy some glasses thug
No I won't. I'll stay wherever I want, thug.
Does this mean I can take my abuser (and his complicit ex wife) to court for sexual abuse committed almost 35 years ago?
Now it is  @realDonaldTrump his turn. The man only likes ppl who like him or say nice things abt them. But if, lets say Kanye, if he would take back what he said and starts critizing him, he would talk way differently. Kanye is like him, a narcesist, maybe 1 with a pill addiction
But Im glad Justice was finally served in the Cosby case, coz often its too blind sometimes, esp on these kind of cases. Just look at Harvey Weinstein, who is still not convicted. In glad for the #MeToo movement, also in all jobs, not just Hollywood. It can happen 2 any (wo)man
There's still a lot we can do. The ppl at work need to stand together, maybe even start a Union.  We also cant forget the many men who experiences this improper behaviour and that it can happen in any walk of life, any job. It is never oké, so I keep saying #TimesUp coz #MeToo
What a shame he wasn’t funnier
Will Trump pardon? #birdsofafeather
Umm, I'm pretty sure Bill Cosby is black...Trump's a racist,  but he does LOVE rapists...so it's 50-50 chance.
Alleged rapist!
Hollywood burning 
now nail his balls to the wall
He innocent tho
We all know you're just seeking attention and a fight. It won't work. Shut up and talk to someone who cares
He clean bub
More gold diggers will start creeping out the woodwork for all the other celebritys & a lot younger than 80yrs of age. Whats' the weekly fee for prisons in the USA?
The money, power, and status didn't win this time. Justice is long overdue. If Trump we're dumb enough to pardon him, there will be a revolt "like he's never seen, like never before".
#FreeCosby

There's something about this gif reaction to a man being convicted of rape that kinda makes my skin crawl.

Cheers!??

The AP’s coverage .  That face !
That...is awesome. Congrats to all his victims...they dessrve this victory.
Amen amen
So do that mean he have set the record for rape's ??
Bye bill 

:( Dr Huxtable is a monster? 

Dude felt like a second dad at times...
Agree with  #Metoomovement  For the country, the victims, the Cosby family and us as fans devasting day for US all. #restorativejustice
I agree it's devastating to us all, but not to that bile movement.
#hollywood they did it because they could, men were kings, gods, the only ones with the deep pockets, the only ones who could catapult a woman to fame. They seduced, they tricked did anything they wanted, #newday #NOMORE
While you celebrating #BillCosby What about the #Predator #RapistInChief is free to keep destroying the world
Say it !!!
Is that bad?
I still don't want to believe it.
Very sad man all the money in the world but still such a sad and sick human! beyond me .
You would not think Bill Cosby, per the character he played, would do this to children. But since its testimony,  hope he pays for his crimes!!!!

Donald Trump will be next.
Wow that’s crazy.
thanks @hannibalburess
When I read this I thought it said “Bill Clinton” and I wondered what I missed.
Can't blame you for thinking that. In the wake of Bill Cosbys convictions we would be remiss to not remember & call out the many sexual assault victims of @BillClinton who @HillaryClinton repeatedly revictimized 
Brilliant news!!!
An untouchable finally charged. I hope he rots in jail!!!

Out of curiosity, is there a felony decent assualt? #justwondering

Victory.
Does my  good to see this....no one is TOO popular to be WRONG!
There will be jail time
Indecent? Definitely the wrong word assault is assault aggravated aggravated indecent has no place in there!
As Eddie Murphy told you long ago Mr. Cosby...

Hey, Hey, HEY!
Over here!!!!’ @johnlegend    
Anyone want a pudding pop?
Rapist going to prison. When's Donnie's trial? Hope for the same outcome
I hope it's the first three of the many more he deserves.
At this point, it will be more about getting money because he will more than likely be sentenced on these counts long enough so he dies in prison.
He should have hired Kobe's rape trial lawyer 

Finally!!!!
About time!!
@ClockBro Hannibal buress LOL

Of course.  He is enormously guilty.
What was his sentence 

How long did he get
Looks like he will spend the rest of his life in jail!
#metoo got him & we have another one sitting in the WH, Trump protected by republicans #BillCosby
Despite multiple “victims” being found to be liars and jurors saying “he’s guilty regardless” and still being left on the jury. Yea, he sure got a “fair” trial....

Will he be Charlie Rose’s first guest?
Hopefully they serve Jell-O Pudding where Bill Cosby is going.
Bet your cracker ass is excited as fuck
Racist much?
Interested in what they sentence him to
Better practice that move @BillCosby
Ohhhh my God hahaha
Wwonder what's go happen to trump since they do have tape.
Nothing because he is the white skin color
That's what I'm saying which is sad, sick & twisted...people like that or feel that way shouldn't be considered normal

YES
THEOOOOOOOO
Jello for all of the inmates in the jail he will be living in soon!
#BillCosby was found guilty because he is guilty.
No more jello pops for #BillCosby.
Nah he clean
dad ain't great, he's going upstate
And they won’t give him any chocolate cake!
Or chocolate puddin
No pudding pops for him.
Ohhhhh he’s getting puddin pops!  Belidat!
What goes around comes around, he might take a puddin pop but not in his mouth.
I never thought it would happen! That's unbelievable.
