Unfortunately, I don't think we advanced the cause of journalism tonight.

It was just shocking because someone finally called Conjob and Huckleberry liars to their faces.  It took a comedian to do it. It only  took 2 years.  Get over it.
@michelleisawolf spoke for the majority tonight. She got up there and said exactly what we yell at our TVs every day!!! #iammichelle
She might have spoken for the majority but she did not speak in a manner the majority wants of our public discourse. We ALREADY have someone who “yells at his tv ...” and we don’t care for it.
Please. We get torn a new one daily. Sometimes we want someone to fight back. We spend most days watching the press bend over and take it! Michelle was spot on so they can all spare me their bs clutch our pearls nonsense. You hired a comedian, you got a comedian.
the thing is, you've never advanced the cause of journalism ever
Shit flows downhill, from the top, from the Oval Office. Trump leadership in action last night. Of course he's too clean to go? What a joke. Fooling no one, but this is what our "leader" has sown. Sickening. Gets what he deserves. We get the stinking exhaust
You proved that everything Trump says about you is true. Thank you @CillizzaCNN @brianstelter @jaketapper for sitting still like common brutes while your guest was insulted. Now the world knows what you really are and neither the word journalist nor gentleman apply.
Yup, and I say this from left of center; there is an aggrieved element of the left who is so convinced of the self-apparent outrage of the President that there are no excesses in attacking him and his, and there’s no need to have a coherent plan to defeat him. Arrogance goeth ...
What plan do we need? We show up and vote and stop his dumb lying self. He cut his teeth on disrespect to a president so he’s just reaping what he sowed
Depends.

Since the actual cause of modern journalism is advocating for the democratic party, that was advanced rather well.
Wolff isn’t a journalist. You people are crazy.
Peter's statement could be applied daily to your "work."
The pros know when the time has come to air the final episode. Or at least to take a sabbatical. That time is now.
Do you advance journalism by letting the press secretary or the moron in chief lie & lie & lie daily without any push back or correction? I think NOT! But now you’re offended because truthful jokes were told at their expense.SAD!
If only at the risk of giving someone a dose of they’re own medicine. She wasn’t worth it though. SHS, the piece of piece of crap she’s become, by choosing the world stage that continues to discredit true journalism, our FBI and Justice system. She’s nobody anymore.
All the media’s fixation on its own event rather than news does not advance journalism either.  It’s unseemly and unbecoming.
Not sure what was the weirdest thing i found out the last day or so...

Journalist love to bash women..

Joy Reid is a hero for bashing gay people..

Tom Brokaw did nothing wrong...
BS. Calling out for-profit media for their greed in the downfall of the republic has them saying it was bad jokes. 

She wasn't telling jokes as the media class, or the political class. But as the average American. Speaking truth to power and being hilarious.
Hilarious?  Imagine how entertained you'd be by a comedian with talent.
Ha, comedy is pretty subjective and I enjoy a pretty diverse group of performers. But she had me laughing out loud. So I gave it 
Was that the purpose?
You don't advance the cause of journalism on a daily basis, Chris.
Speaking for myself- we've had a year in which the president and too many in power have been vulgar. M Wolf was not worse than them.  She mirrored them. Wolf was as vulgar as S Sanders is at the podium. I think we needed to see humor which elevated, not reflected.
And I thought last year’s #WHCorrespondentsDinner was volatile...

I attended the WHCD last night. Donald Trump has so poisoned the atmosphere by attacking the disabled, gold star parents, Muslims, Mexicans, Blacks, women, the press, the rule of law that a comedian who simply tells the truth is offensive? She’s joking. He’s not.
When does that event ever advance journalism?
Things that could be said everyday for the last 50 years
All that way proven is exactly what every one has been saying.  The news is biased and hell bent on attacking the president and his staff.  It was an embarrassment to free press.  That's what viewers see.
YEP, the LEFT completely  pumped the cat!
The theme song Hall and Oates " Out of Touch"... 495 Beltway Bubble lives
There are good roasts, and mean roasts. I don’t get the point of being cruel for cruel's sake.
@CillizzaCNN you have to immediately say that making fun of Sanders appearance was disgusting, you liberals always preach you are morally above everyone, not last night one bit
You all stopped advancing journalism on June 16, 2015. Now it's dead. And fake.
But did you laugh? I thought it was about laughing?
We are snowflakes, they were right.
You have never, at any point in your life, advanced the cause of journalism.
Whats wrong?? All that happened was proving journalist thinks its great to bash women about their looks and every other vile thing they could think of.Just own it.
Oh gawd
Give me a break...Trump and co lie and insult us everyday
Are you doing a Kanye @CillizzaCNN ?
Because you got showed up by someone with the balls to speak truth to power. @michelleisawolf totally kicked you and Trump’s a$$ #WHCD
#FakeNews playing Good Cop Bad Cop with hopes this will blow over....
Jesus christ you people please get over yourselves
Chris, you didn't advance journalist when your network gave Trump free air time. You're clutching your pearls, but you created the monster in the White House.
Oh, please. Has the President of the United States of America started tweeting non-comedic personal insults yet this morning?
The political entertainment industry could not have scripted it any better for themselves or any worse for the citizens of this country.
How about advancing the cause of Truth instead of pretending Trump deviancy is normal?
From what I gather .if the purpose was to make PS.Sanders a sympathetic figure.The dinner succeeded
Spare us all your hand-wringing BS, journalists. As if hiring a comedian for your fancy, self-congratulatory party and her doing comedian things (shocker!) was something that happened to you, and not a decision you make and continue to make and will make again next year.
Spare us the outrage of those on the Right. The President says worse things on Twitter daily. Michelle's a comedian. #hypocrites
Michele was funny. She did what she was hired to do. Journalists hand-wringing over what they hired for entertainment is insufferable and conservatives acting like it was beyond the pale are hypocrites. All of this is true.
.....but you were in the audience laughing right??
