
God I can’t wait to start watching the clips of this!
Michelle did last night what the media doesn't have the balls to do. Call out a government eroding a democracy. She is right, not only did media profit hugely from it, but keep open a constant discourse to continue to profit from it. Yes. You helped create/maintain the monster.
I knew the room would be nuked. It is what I tuned in for. As a "regular guy", I side with the comedian and not those ho-humming a clearly authoritarian regime that conned their way into the white house.
I can't even begin to believe people are crying for Sanders, a person who took a once distinguished and open communication to the white house and turned it into a podium where the American public is lied to consistently. And you're worried about a makeup joke?
I loved every second of it!
Yes she did. And she did it well. Congrats to her. Hopefully all the media hand wringers will actually read some of these comments and see that we are on her side. Or that she is on ours cause she speaks the TRUTH and isn’t worried about access. You go Girl. You just got a fan.
@michelleisawolf
Once again Chris your analysis is off and missed the boat. That was the best WHCD speech I’ve ever seen. Learn to laugh. Also learn how to like provide interesting cultural commentary.
She’s right! You’ve help create and feed this movement. Every day and night CNN screams “Breaking News” - living and breathing TRUMP’s bullshit. Lies after lies. What ever happened to Flint? Still drinking dirty water right? Not that exciting though.
If you had all been doing your job and called her on all this BS a year ago she wouldn't have had to say it. Don't hate her cause she has the balls you lack.
Spare us your sanctimonious ramblings. It’s obvious she struck a nerve for many in the media. And let me add to her awesome Flint line at the end, does everyone in Puerto Rico have power yet?
And it was great.
She did... and will be succeeding in the coming days... thanks all.
Remember Hasan Minhaj from last year?  He didn't pull any punches either.

I am so glad Michelle Wolf didn't dull her wit just because fascists deigned to show up for this event.  Props to her.
More attention for the fact that in the US it is apparently considered acceptable to leave citizens in a state of emergency with no clean water for two and a half years straight?

Nah, alas she didn't succeed in that. You didn't even notice. But smokey eyes, I get it.
Yes. Everything is as it seems. She's a comedian. You're a hack. The circle of DC continues.
It was meant to be uncomfortable. It reflects how we got here. A leader who has be speaking the same words. Only difference is she is joking and DT is not.
Crap article.    Do us all a favor, it you want to be offended by someone, start doing some real journalism on @realDonaldTrump and see what he's doing to every day American's lives each week.   

You can start by reading @Amy_Siskind's book ... The List.
I agree. And IMO she was hilarious.

Calm down Republicans, this was all just “Locker Room Talk”
Woof, you have to be more critical of yourself. You absolutely are more responsible for creating him than you are able to admit.
She sure managed to goad a lot of journalists into exposing themselves for the sad lot of self-serving hacks that they are. Not an ounce of self-awareness to go around.
Totally agree! Trump administration deserved every joke that was made about them last night. Everyday we hear lies, racist remarks, bullying and harassment actions. Can’t wait to vote!
kind of like how you knew exactly what you were doing when you covered trump incessantly from the moment his joke of a candidacy was announced, when his polls were far behind everyone else
Do I have this right? Donald Trump being mean in public to become president was “the angry I’d of the GOP.” Wolf being mean in public to Trump and his enablers? That’s just mean.
Let's create a list of all the media whining about Sarah Sander's treatment.  My goodness she is a comedian and she went after everyone.  If you guys can't take it then don't hire a comedian next year.

Right back at ya!
You know thats for jimcomey guy right?
I think she did a great job.  Nothing to see here. @neiltyson said it best on his Tweet. Unknown person says something, Sparks outrage. Huge public backlash. Leader of the free world (?) says something like jailing people and press. Huge public backlash? No. More jail her chant.
So the right can attack the left but visa versa is a no go? Just some locker room talk, thought we were okay with that?
Play to the room?  You don’t deserve praise for helping create the current climate.  You the “media” helped put him where he is. From Matt Lauers unfair biased debate moderating to NOT reporting all the facts on Trump’s lawsuits, Trump’s bankruptcies etc, BEFORE election. #facts
I broke my leg once, took 11 weeks to heal, but it wasn't nearly as broke as... #TrumpSoBroke
*clutches his precious pearls*
Everything she said was the truth! She owes no apology for anything she said!
Loved her humor. The lie factory that is Dear Leaders Cabal deserves a flashlight.
Damn, you still crying?
Too close to the bone for you Chris? "You helped create this monster and now you are profiting off of him." Truth hurts.
Why not just call for a SAFE SPACE for Trump and Sarah Huckabee Sanders and Kellyanne Conway and be done with it @CillizzaCNN?
- She spoke the truth to power. 
- She held the Press' feet to the fire for enabling / profiting off of Trump's madness.
- She made it clear to the @WhiteHouse @PressSec that if she doesn't want to take the heat, MAYBE HER BOSS OUGHT TO DO HIS JOB & SHOW UP NEXT YEAR.
She used her platform to deliver some powerful messages.
I thought she was very funny and found it very entertaining as well.
Nobody took Trump seriously until your network, CNN, started airing his speeches & rallies in their entirety. Jeff Zucker even admitted it was a mistake to give him so much air time. And having panelists on night after night to defend him in a BS quest to appear non biased. Cmon.
No Chris, Michelle did not make fun of Sanders' makeup. She made fun of Sanders' lies!!! I thought you were more intelligent than this.
Will you point out which quotes were bullying? “Perfect eye shadow” doesn’t strike me as bullying.

Tough not to think journalists and pundits aren’t defending huckabee simply to maintain access.
Seriously who cares. Nobody's ever heard of her she got the notoriety that she wants and that will end
Obviously you care and sounds like your little feelings are hurt.Everyone knows who she is now!!
She was brilliant! SHS got what she deserves
“Brilliant”?  Pathetic that "feminists " on the left still cut down strong , smart, successful women just because of politics.
Making a joke of someone's lies/eyeshadow is hardly cutting a strong, smart, successful woman. Where is your outrage when your master is cutting down disabled, gold star families, and half of society, like he does daily?  Problem is when he does it, he's not joking.
It’s disingenuous to claim media didn’t create Trump. Just as you benefit from his presidency, same is true of his candidacy. Y’all knew it and milked it for everything it was worth, giving him the free publicity he needed (coupled with the crowded field) to win the nomination.
Dude, I think that despite your 'notes', you missed the compliment to SHS's make up skills. Bully's don't compliment...
Yep. She told the truth.  Amazing how that works.
She is the rest of us that have no voice anymore. tRump is their voice, she's ours.
I read the article and I couldn’t disagree more. This lady is a COMEDIENNEno more, no less. She makes jokes, not policy. Maybe her jokes failed, BUT THEY WERE JOKES! I can’t help it that people were offended. SO WHAT!? I’m offended by SHS and her lying ! & this administration.
Right. She spoke truth to power, made us all laugh, and made us think. I’d say “well done @michelleisawolf !!!”
You know what’s so ridiculous about this?
A comedian told some biting jokes & made people uncomfortable.
@realDonaldTrump, @SarahHuckabee, @KellyannePolls and many in this “administration” make vile comments on a daily basis and consider it acceptable.
“Do as I say, not as I do.”
Goddam right. #fucktRump and his enablers @PressSec and fucking @KellyannePolls They deserve everything they get. #RIPGOP
Well thank God *someone* in DC knows what they're doing.
I take particular exception with the notion that this was "bullying" - @PressSec is one of the most powerful women in America. David cannot bully Goliath.
Exactly right - speaking truth to power and standing up to bullies is not bullying either. In @CillizzaCNN 's world when you clap back at your abusers you are being a bully. Wolf was the outraged cry of average Americans who are tired of being lied to and having their MSM do 0.
Agreed. It was great for her #brand.

Catapulted her popularity immensely.

Negative attention is better than no attention for reporters. And she also got lots of positive attention.

Good night for her.
Michelle Wolf told the kind of jokes this generation tells, vicious and fatalistic.  She did it in front of cameras and in front of the very power structures she was going after.  That's my brand of liberalism personally.  After all, I can't afford to be a part of yours 
It's been 18 hours since you posted this. Have you figured out she wasn't making fun of Sander's makeup yet?
She did what she was hired to do. Like the male comedians before her.
Yup!! Everyone talking about her so they will watch her Netfilx show. Pretty good self-promotion, it reminds me of someone 
She literally called you all out Chris (media)! You guys have normalized Trump and SS behavior. It created #MichelleWolf. We need more, not less #MichelleWolf.
This is incredibly poorly written Chris
Shove it Cillizza. After all the trampled norms by this admin, you feel aghast by a comedian doing her job. This admin shouldn't be surprised by the justified anger and should have been prepared for it. I do give credit to Sanders/Conway for being there.
Not buying the "bully" storyline here. And she's correct about the media creating and profiting from Trump, whether you like it or not.
You really want to act like your corporation doesn't also go for low hanging fruit? 

The difference is that @michelleisawolf doesn't help shape policy.
And you’re the type of tool that supports it.
How does someone with such a terrible body of work become editor at large at CNN?
Calling bullshit on an oppressive regime isn't bullying. You can't bully an oppressor. Your article isn't useful.
you should be more upset that the majority of the things that were said in jest were absolute truth regardless of how harsh the delivery!
And it was glorious 
WHAT TO ASK ABOUT WATER IN FLINT
And so, whats your point?
And Americans loved that someone finally spoke for us. You sure don't.
She’s doing your job
She wasn’t making fun of Sanders’ makeup, you numpty. She was calling her a liar, which she is. Get with it.
“Full OF corruption and liars” 

It was a typo, not a demonstration that I can’t spell or use grammar. Before anyone jumps on me for it.
Her reference to SHS being Aunt Lydia was not a reference to physical appearance.  Think about it.
They don’t who Aunt Lydia is.
Cillizza does.
Alright Chris, we'll see who makes more headway with this ego driven administration. You write your 1578th article on how SHS "Got the facts wrong" (I am sure she will care this time!) and we'll promise SHS that Wolf will be back next year. Let's see which one she cares about.
America doesn't need excuses - journalism needs to clean up its act.
Wolf barely scratched the surface of the complicity between media & Trump; YOU didn't even try to reflect on yours.
Because the complicity was with Hillary to such a degree that they cannot face the failure despite the machinations. Trump got publicity because it was outrageously earned, Hillary got it unearned. The dishonesty of this culture is laughable
America doesn’t need a president who knows how to get publicity; we need one who knows how to do the job!
So to sum up your piece..”Michelle Wolf doesn’t give a shit about anything that spoke about at the dinner. She did this for her own self serving interests.” Because you didn’t know her prior to the dinner? Man, you are an egomaniac. I never knew that about you til this weekend.
She was already very successful. She did her job. A job that logically could *only* be accomplished with an *off the charts roast* due to the historically off the charts daily scandal and deceit of the Trump administration. This was an act of self-sacrifice not self-advancement.
Fearlessly speaking truth to power and getting a huge reaction from all of us?


You’re a huge part of the problem; keep living comfortably in your 1% club while propping up the system.
@CillizzaCNN you have no idea what a smoky eye is, do you? You probably should have looked it up for context (or asked a female) before quoting. Now your point looks a bit uninformed. Do better.
Your analysis is way off. Journalists no longer have their finger on the pulse, and this transparent, high-road bullshit you’re pulling is comical. “She got exactly what she wanted” like she’s some greedy, ratings-obsessed, hack? That’s rich coming from CNN.
Here you have it,the divide!  It’s simple each side gets mad and  left or right it starts. There are no Highs anymore just a growing number of lows. America is gone for good. The ppl took it down not the media, not Trump. The ppl.

RT @anamariecox 
The most offensive line in Michelle Wolf’s routine was “Flint still doesn’t have clean water;” if something else she said bothers you more than that then maybe we…
Yeah, you're trying to make this about her, but the real problem for the press is Michelle Wolf made it about you.
"I think she's very resourceful, like she burns facts and then she uses that ash to create a perfect smokey eye. Maybe she's born with it, maybe it's lies," isn't making fun of her makeup. That is calling her a liar (and complementing her makeup). Perfectly reasonable criticism.
Oh please. You’re really gonna pearl clutch over makeup jokes? Grow up and grow a pair.
She said it far better than I can. The media shouldn't have run his rallys context, comment and criticism free, but it did and that helped create Trump. It certainly didn't stop him.
A) Ok I have some thoughts on @michelleisawolf's act and the reaction to it from members of the press and other DC insiders. For the record, I was in the room last night. @michelleisawolf's set was great. She was hilarious and confident.
I love how you quoted the smokey eye joke and still don't get it. It was about LIES not makeup, hence why "lies" is repeated. Positively referencing her makeup anchors the joke in reality, it does not insult her.
@CillizzaCNN Your criticism was thoughtful, balanced and why the forces of bigotry, intolerance, and intellection dishonesty are WINNING.  The extreme right says shocking things AND hurts people based on religion and skin color.  P.S. You omitted her last and most important line.
So much for these “free speech” right wingers decrying how society is “soft” and PC is the scourge of America . But let’s not hurt Sarah Huckleberry’s feelings...
Michelle Wolf is Trash- and I think she needs to be trashed by all the media, not just Fox News!
Good article! Regarding her intentions: Are you not fueling her publicity fire by writing this article? #hermissionaccomplished #conundrum
And the press knew exactly what they are doing when they entitled Trump .  She took you to task for it and it was brilliant .  She took everyone to task the way you and your colleagues are too afraid to do .
Your opinion on abortion jokes is not needed Chris
I find it interesting that you wrote an article about a woman who didn’t toe the line & blast her as a self interested marketing machine. Is that not what you do on a daily basis on Twitter?
Sure bullying is wrong and two wrongs don't make a right but Trump has made it the new normal because nobody has been able to stop him. #MichelleWolf asserted herself and called out that crap. That should be applauded. #FirstAmendment
Good article, and I like Wolf.  But you missed the chance to overtly note that she pulled the same trick that she blames Trump for doing, in terms of exploiting shock for her own gain, while mocking everyone.  Did she appreciate the irony?  Hard to tell.
How about those ratings?  Keep up the good work.  You can acheive your goal of rock bottom
So everyone wins right? The snowflake conservatives and media get to play victim, Michelle Wolf plugs her new show and the WHCD is relevant again.
You’re exactly right. She called out folks like you... and you’re all triggered today.
So did I.
So basically you're going to ride this faux outrage today for all the clicks it's worth. God you people need to get your priorities straight.
1/2. Sorry, but I respectfully disagree. The media created Trump. They could’ve and should’ve vetted him, esp. since the GOP wouldn’t. They could have practiced journalism and *investigated* him. Instead, they jumped on the gravy train and created this monster.
2/2. All the brilliant reporting we’re seeing now - his taxes, failed businesses, mob ties, Russian ties, illicit affairs, Barron fraud, etc. - were all out there begging to be exposed. Instead, you all went for the superficial. You own Trumpenstein as much as the GOP.
And she moved the meter 5-10% more toward Trump in 2020.
Holy crap. This may even be a worse take than Cillizza's! Great job, Lee!
So does a rapist.
The Left hasn't gotten the memo that people are sick of their hate! They think attacking a the physical appearance some woman is okay.
Hi. I’d like to make a note that you retweeted that Trump should get a nobel prize.  Clean up your own people first. Thanks.
@POTUS  is clearly doing a very good job of cleaning up the messes @BarackObama made.  You must hate that too!
"“Wolf’s treatment of Sanders was bullying,” Cillizza wrote on CNN’s website" @AlbertBurneko

You Can't Bully These Motherfuckers https://theconcourse.deadspin.com/you-cant-bully-these-motherfuckers-1825648283 … via @deadspin
"Even if Wolf did stray into the personally offensive, everything she said about the news media as a profession is 100 percent right."
I jotted some notes while reading the article:
1. You are humorless.
2. You have the relatability of a catholic priest. 
3. This article, and your analysis, is trash.
Really, Chris?  And you know this...how?
Most ppl don't care what a comedian says at the WHPC dinner.  What outrages me is the hypocrisy of the press and Trump supporters. Where is the outrage about Trump's vulgar comments and name-calling, including abt women's looks?
Did the planners think they hired Brene Brown? Stop already
What @robinthede said.
At least someone at the dinner was tough. There is a part of this disaster we faced for over a year now that “career before country” media has a role in. Get some courage people, there is no Wizard of Oz to hand it out. YOU must find it in yourselves.
Honestly who cares what she says about SHS. The problem is the poor liberals can’t even take the time to make sure their hate is at least funny. C’mon.
I think your analysis is spot on.
Also you should Google the aunt Lydia reference.
I'm stunned at how people keep saying she made fun of Sanders looks. She did not. Not even a little. And you must not watch much stand up if that abortion joke was too much for you.
I love love love your commentary and reporting on Trump. No-one on this planet will ever keep him “honest” but you try the hardest. And you’re very funny. But why attack Wolf at this point?? I was so disappointed yo see you have thin skin and suddenly are “outraged” it seems?.
She's funny and smart. Don't be jealous.
@CillizzaCNN , are you ACTUALLY victim-blaming her?? What is wrong with you?
I’ve always thought conservatives were crazy for all their anti mainstream media crap but after watching @michelleisawolf monologue and the responses since, conservatives are right.  CNN and MSNBC are not about journalism but $$$$$
i am starting to think Chris is trying to win the most pathetic person award for 2018
Hey Chris. have you seen the video of the guy being deported in front of his kids?

THAT's offensive. 

Someone joking about the person who lies to enable that is not. When's the last time anyone on CNN talked about Flint? Sorry you all got called out for once.
Imagine being the guy whose takes are vapid enough that someone looking to CN fucking N for “analysis” is like “hey can Chris break this down for me with his trenchant phone notes??”
She is a Comedian.
Michelle Wolf was fabulous.  The very best to her in her career.
She was great.  N e1  who thinks otherwise is pointing at themselves & saying ’I AM with STUPID’.  Her speech  A+,  never mentioned SHS looks & on top of it all there is no ‘line’ anymore BC OF TRMPS FOWL mouth so stop w the fake morality.
In case you haven't realized...saying that SHS had the perfect smoky eye is a compliment to her makeup, not an insult.
She was there to do a roast, and roast she did!
boo-fucking-hoo
She said what needed to be said, for the people that didn't want to hear it. Truth hurts
You do realize that 159 million Americans live on the coasts, right?  That would definitely make us coastal dwellers 'regular.' 

Also, I took the smokey eye joke as giving her her props - props that go to her evilness, but props nonetheless...and she does act like Aunt Lydia.
2 takeaways from @CillizzaCNN analysis: 1) comedy clearly isn't a strength of his; 2) he also likes low-hanging fruit
Everyone is entitled to their opinion. Mine is that the standards for a comic roasting political celebrities should not be higher than the standards for the current @POTUS in his speeches or tweets. @michelleisawolf is a comic. #Trump is supposedly the leader of the free world.
So did you when you wrote this cornball article. A woman mentioning that Sanders has smokey eye shadow is not making fun of her appearance, it's a joke about the source of the makeup. But you'll bend over backwards to keep access.
"But two wrongs don't make it right. Because Trump bullied a disabled reporter doesn't mean Wolf should be able to bully Sarah Sanders. Bullying is bullying. And it's wrong. Always."

WHAT THE SHIT DID I JUST READ? ARE WE IN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL? JESUS.
I’m disgusted that you equate “perfect Smokey eyeshadow” to mocking a life altering disability. You have no empathy and are out of bounds.
BTW Seth Myers did such an amazing job of roasting Trump in 2011 that he became president?
Jealous, much?
Yep. TWAT OF THE YEAR :)
I saw you were stuck on 666 thousand followers and am pushing to get you  beyond  that threshold.....cheers m8..
Sarah, Trump and Republicans do shit to us every day. Pay back!!!!
Read your very butt hurt article. Seems to me The right should love her as her speech was the complete opposite of what people are use to in the “swamp.”
So Michelle said stupid shit to get attention? Hmmm sounds a lot like the news media.
Disgusting
Loved it, honest and accurate.
Yeah she was hired as a comedian.
ya a whole bunch of media types acting holier than thou
This is why the MSM is so bu&+hurt today. (I have to change the spelling of anything derogatory since @Twitter is blocking my first amendment rights lately)
Any comments on the low hanging fruit Trump has gone for in the last 2 years? Or are you folks at CNN normalizing him?
"You can't handle the truth"
Yes she did. BTW her criticism of the media benefitting from Trump was hollow as hell. She used last night to get attention for her show by... doing the exact same thing she accused reporters of doing.
Cillizza actually thinks that everybody is an insincere, hypocritical careerist toady like himself and cant even comprehend that stand up is an art form and that Michelle is a great writer who meant every fugging word she said.

Cillizza is the worst of the worst.
I know I say this a lot, but you truly are one of the dumbest people on Earth.
#duh
And #FakeNewsCNN was quite happy with it
She was on point. You weren't. Time for some self-reflection, Chris.
In the case of jokes regarding Sarah Sanders, you’re trying to sell an apple as a banana. The jokes were not of her appearance. Stop it.
When it comes to fascists you need to fight fire with fire. Look where being consolatory got Chamberlain. I thought she did a great job.
The people who hired her knew exactly what her humor is and got exactly what they paid for.
Hey Chris!  No one’s ever tortured someone to death on live tv, either. By your standards, should CNN broadcast that, too?
Saw ur piece online. Plz take a breath & know UR SO out of touch & YES I've seen the @michelleisawolf special on HBO already & get/love her humor & brilliance. I heard "like she burns FAT (not facts)"& still knew those who support the Orange PIG deserve ALL that's thrown at them.
Truth hurts.
Just as the media does every single day. Stop the double standard. I respect and appreciate the media...the media should do the same.
Trump was in part the creation of the press, I still remember the empty podium for what it seemed forever.
Does anyone find her voice as annoying as I did
Comedians every single night peform just like Ms Wolf. Don't you watch Colbert, Myers, Fallon, SNL etc?
the respect of true americans. great story chris, didn't even have to read it!
You did too.  Tons of ink and stories to write.  Pathetic, the whole lot of you.
BTW her take on Maddow was SPOT ON! Maddow meanders around you forget where she's going. Sometimes SHE forgets where she's going. She's so ponderous I turn to another channel. Finally someone called it out!!!
and we’re all here for it
She was GOOD! And the defense you and the lame stream media are mounting of Sarah Sanders is BS. Keep bending over and take it all in from the Deplorables! Wolf was good, I don't care about "two wrongs don't make a right." The Trumpsters can DISH it but can't TAKE IT!
The job she was hired to do... a paycheck.
I've been surprised by some of the fake outrage from some members of the press, but not Cillizza.  I knew before the dinner had started that you would have a super terrible take.
I thought Michelle Wolf was funny. Sarah Sanders and Kelly Ann Conway need to crack a smile, or don't attend.  They knew some of the jokes would be about them, and they should have known the skit would be raunchy.  That's how these industry events are.
Any press coverage is good press coverage!
So...?
In a way her routine really did mirror Trump: in the end it was all about her.
Suppose that's true what Cillizza says - I don't know why Cillizza (correction politics?) criticizes that Wolf said about Sanders' appearance when she did not really refer to this but to his manipulations of reality -, that she knew what she wanted...and I wonder: is that so bad?
She was hired to do it too! A comedian is hired to roast people who don't really want to be roasted every year. Every year we go through this.
Wolf has the balls you lack.
So women who don’t consider abortion wrong or scary should treat it as shameful so others feel better? Nope. Jokes demystify taboo subjects, and that’s a good thing. Continuing to treat abortion as something shameful does far more damage than any joke.
Also bullying is, by definition, punching down. It’s hard to find a clearer example of punching up than a female comedian going after the White House and all who work there.
I don’t like you or your “reporting” very much, but I’ll give you credit for not crying like a whiny-ass titty baby over the routine. At least you have some sack. Your colleagues, OTOH. OMG. No self-awareness or sense of humor. @redsoxmonster
She said she had perfect eye shadow. Do your research. Didn't attack her looks, she said Sanders was a liar.
