While Washington, Michigan, was a big success, Washington, D.C., just didn’t work. Everyone is talking about the fact that the White House Correspondents Dinner was a very big, boring bust...the so-called comedian really “bombed.” @greggutfeld should host next year! @PeteHegseth
@One thing Trump is right about! Greg Gutfield is hysterical. Dumb as a Rock, & says some of the stupidest things ever heard on TV!
He acts like a child. I listened to a couple of sound bites of his Rally its sounded like the same things he has said for a couple of years now. Of course he brought up his favorite word Collusion over and over again.

Years ago I vowed never to go to another #WhiteHouseCorrespondenceDinner and haven’t been to one since.  One thing though if you are offended by Michelle Wolf’s jokes, and don’t also speak up every day about the President’s actions and words then you…
He doesn't either. Found them on the keyboard and decided to use the cute squiggly things. Also, just thought that he's so lucky George Carlin is gone. He would have had a great time roasting Donnie.
Neither does he.
Because it did bomb. 
The President's rally was all about the American people, uplifting, USA economy rocking, leading on world stage-with major wins lately. Work to do, still, good progress in 15 months. 
Other side was spoiled kids behaving badly. 
Why bother with MSM anymore?
Cute. Trump's rallies are about the American people? LOL Those rallies are nothing more than ointment for Dotart's thin fragile skin. Sad.
And filled with hate. All he knows how to do is pit Americans against one another.
Identity politics is a leftist tactic, always has been, as they adopted from the facists/socialists of the '30's. 
That's okay, the left is now a fragmented party with their groups in conflict. Joy Reid hates gay people. The left hates Kanye. The left hates American workers.
When you have no logical response for the truth ask a stupid question... even wolf said cnn is irrelevant...
Because the POTUS isn’t the sharpest “tool” in the shed?
Bolton must have written it for him.
Because he really believes she was hilarious?
It's a ratings thing from the 60's
And the commas...everywhere there are commas.
Its an exact quote from one of many people, many people @realDonaldTrump is hearing from.
Probably because the media would have reported he was calling for bombing some country if he hadn’t.
He puts words in quotes often and I haven't found a pattern yet. Sarcasm sometimes, added emphasis other times. Just bad grammar more often than not. But hey! It's just the President of the USA on Twitter. Can't be very important right? smh
I "don't" know.
Is he quoting the one petson that said that? SHS maybe?
"journalism"
It is in quotes because he went to the best schools...
Asking for a friend in Iceland at the moment and trying to follow from afar (sketchy y-phi)... did the President say/Tweet anything in defense of his press secretary... or only about HIS night last night?
@ThisShowStinks .... btw: I met a “little” here ... he was from Md. and not the Great Commonwealth... but still, we worked it out .

Because he's a grammar oaf.
Yes, you are dumb.  It is in quotes, to confuse and confound you, so you retweet and talk about it, and the message keeps traveling.  #Maga #FalsieNews #bullyball
Bombed is in quotes because Trump is a #FuckingMoron 

And as long as he is comparing himself to Obama, consider the 2010 midterms. You'll probably beat Obama in the number of congressional seats you'll lose.
#Loser #MoronInChief
Just as expected....from the BIG guy who couldn't even BE there!
Because it wouldn't be credible as a Trump Tweet without "quotes", ALL CAPS or spelling mistakes.  Everyone would think he was hacked.  #covfefe
It’s not dumb when you have to consider how manipulative this President is and the questionable connections he has.
OMG
I have nothing to say about this @CNN but I see the directions you want to go now that #FakeNewsCNN no longer can cry RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA 
@CNNnewsroom 
#TheLeastTrustedNameInNews
Shut up, Chris.  We know what @potus message is.  We don't need your "analysis."  Just as an aside, do you think we should call him Landslide Trump in 2020?  So sorry you were "With HER" in the last one. Your heart appeared to have broken.
You don’t need to understand you hate him remember?
Possibly because some of the honest journalist said how despicable and disgusted the jokes against @PressSec were. @edhenry  is a class act! Asking for an apology.
You're being a little picky.  Words like sociopathic, miscreant, mindless, autocratic, etc. should be in quotes.
not dumb just weak call on ol PBD for some help! @PaulBegala is my reference as he met me recently.
I don’t “know” either
Why does CNN have “everything” in quotes, when Trump said the whole sentence? 

Well done Chris, even your jokes are hypocritical.

It’s a form of emphasis, like italics or bold. However, Chris, there are no italics or bold on Twitter.

Now do you understand?
Because it’s “President” trump.
That's because the president doesn't know how to English.
This man truly looks at the realities of life through the prism of ratings With a long-term vision about two TV shows long DONALD TRUMP THE GREAT AMERICAN MISTAKE
Yup, it’s dumb.  But we’ve come to expect nothing less from @CNN
To all the sanctimonious lefty types who follow Chris, I want to thank you for deciding to support last nights WHCD. What a gift. Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! .
Because it did bomb.. and only helped re-elect trump
Everyone is saying the same thing, Chris. BTW, delightful to see you standing tall for the team last night!! Congrats @CNN
I really don’t “know”


Sarah Sanders sits (as everyone else on stage stands) as CNN accepts award for reporting on dossier with compromising info on Trump. #WHCD
Because Donald Trump is an idiot. You're welcome!
For the same reason random letters get capitalized.
i thought "it" was impressive, both "deals."  one here, one there. 
fun was had by "all." how did kristen w. do?
is she still c that motorcycle gang?
Come on Chrissie

Take your meds. 

Objectivius Shinium Syndromus kicking up a bit?

BOMBED = SHINY OBJECT

I’ve been at this with you over a year and you still can’t see an @realDonaldTrump “Shiny Object” when it’s right in front of you. 

I’m at a loss Chrissie
Because she didn't really bomb.
Do u think it's coded for Russia. All we can do is pray now.
Exactly. One says that word, especially near a plane, and he’s arrested
I dont know, I thought Michelle did great.  Killed it

#MichelleWolf words were cruel, uncalled for and not funny. @PressSec Sarah showed so much class and strength. Exactly why people dislike and don’t trust the #media, they have forgotten their Journalism Ethics. #WHCD #CNN @CNN #MSM @brianstelter @WHCA #IStandWithSarahSanders
The comedian dropped an f-bomb, not a literal bomb, hence the quotes.
For the same reason all of his non-quotes are in quotes...”DUMB”
@greggutfeld will be too busy hosting the “Axe Body Spray D-Bag Bro Of The Year Awards” next year. Too bad.
“No collusion”
He never gets past petulant 8 year old spoilt brat does he?
Don't waste your breath.  Telling Trump how to tweet is like telling Picasso how to paint.  It's just an inspiration.  Don't second guess it.
Erratic temperament = nonsensical grammer. Sometimes/often, there's just no cause.
Because he’s dumb.

Your right it is dumb
you're*
Chris is it me or do you find that his use of adjectives and adverbs is over the top?

How did a journalism award go to 3 CNN reporters for a story that contains a lie?
He only has three words in his vocabulary. He is quoting Greg Gutfeld.
