"Ultimately" Trump loves no one but himself.
Many people don't know I have the best hearing.
...and his sence of smell is unparralled
Said the Tsar.
no farmers, no ketchup.  Simple as that.
He loves them so much that his trade wars will disproportionately hit... farmers:
I found a remarkable stat on how badly Trump supporters get hurt in a trade war if China retaliates with soy tariffs as threatened. Of the 30 House districts most reliant on soybeans, GOP reps 25 + Dems 5 -- but all 30 distric…
https://theconcourse.deadspin.com/you-cant-bully-these-motherfuckers-1825648283 … this may be the best thing I have EVER read. I will never apologize again for saying mean things about you. They guy's right: you're a bully.
i love my farmers that's why i've started a trade war with china so the farmers can keep the fruits of their labor here at home.
His farmers? Does Trump believe he owns them?
a) he doesn't have any farmers, b) what is that supposed to even mean
Donald Trump's understanding of farming is limited to Farmville, isn't it?
Some of my favorite food is produced by farmers.

"...my farmers."  Ugh.  While he wrecks a good economy for agriculture with his dumb tariff wars.
His farmers?  I didn’t think he owned the farmers. I thought the farmers owned their farms.  
But if the farmers have to take a hit they’ll understand it was for my team 

For the degenerate narcicist, everything is "his": his generals, his farmers, his African Americans.... 
But this is OUR country!
Jeez, sheeple...haven't you had enough "winning" yet?!
#DumpTrump
#DegenerateInTheWH
#MakeAmericaWorkAgain
Edex
"His" farmers? Have we brought back share-cropping?
I wonder if he has ever even been on a farm??
When he talked about bringing guest workers to help farmers my mind went there!  Y
...as ships bringing American sorghum to Asia turn around mid-ocean thanks to reciprocal tariffs...thanks, Trump!
But will they live him back after he screws them in trade tariffs
Love me some farmers!
You better love that which feeds you
Yea, Trump loves farmers that’s why he is giving them lots of shit as fertilizer.
Ultimately, Trump is a sociopath.
You love only one person Don.
Ouchtown—population you, bro:
Tune in Israeli TV at 1 p.m eastern
Didn't know he owned any.
Will he ever stop calling the people of this country “his”? Of course not. A direct conduit into the thinking of this man.
What? No love for his African American? He was there!
yeah, Mr NY Billionaire loves those sodbusters. Except they're not sodbusters; they sit in the farmhouse & monitor the robo-tractors and live drone feeds by computer. I wonder if Trump knows that farmers are actually 60% agriculture-engineers and geneticists and computer geeks.
He says that, undoubtedly never having set foot on an actual farm in his entire life.
Liar
said in the south prior to #civilWar
MY farmers. wtf??
Grandiose.

#marALago #GuestWorkers #Libya
Riiiiiight!!!!!!!!!!!!
