I think the looks on the faces of the three clowns at Fox said it all for me. Oh and the Presidents ranting and raging confirmed it Whack a doodle time @realDonaldTrump
Yes, their faces
Horse has left the barn?
Giddy up!!
That was exhausting. Even with the caddyshack quote.
As always @realDonaldTrump rambling makes my brain start hurt trying to keep up with, and make sense of the incoherence, so three try's and I'm only 1:09 into the not really an interview!! The sad part is what it says about the 25m? that are Trumps hard base!...
I too had to listen to the "interview" several times. Confusing to say the least!! What do his believers take away from this???
From the @realDonaldTrump #voter #focus #panels I've seen they are #obviously to stupid to #understand it doesn't matter how many words @realDonaldTrump #speaks he doesn't say #anything!...
I said the same thing. Wasn’t it great!
Well for Melania..he could have ordered her a gift from Amazon....LOL!!
Lunatic
Also, knowing he was being taped, thoughtlessly swears in front of kids & country & world. Acts shamelessly entitled & always has.
Tarnishing America everyday. Doesn’t care & never has.
Good Lord man, don’t do that! Your IQ will fall by at least 10 points!
Stunning
Your break down was immature and childish basically it was Trump trashing. Accusations against Jackson were lies. He worked for Bush, Obama and Trump. He was promoted under Obama. Anyone with a brain knows he was fully vetted before he became the Presidents personal pysician.
It's STILL there. Tweet from 2013. "I would like to extend my best wishes to all, even the haters and losers, on this special date, September 11th."
There was a lot to unpack in that short detrimental Faux interview. He’s been silent all day, as his staff cleans up his mess. #SelfInflictedWounds #TickTock
well thanks to Kenya we have learned that if you are black you do not have to be a Democrat, but ....

if you wish to work as a CNN media reporter, then ..... well you have to be a Democrat.
I just stopped by to say you still look so good!! How do you do it? Man, Chris, how did you get so damn cool?  
Get a life

Who asked you too?
Great article!
I live for the Sensational Cillizza Spin!
Nothing like a trump transcript, to put it all into perspective.
OMG! Truth is always stranger than fiction 
Trump on @FLOTUS bday. Plenty of time for golf just no time for you dear. Baffling she won’t hold ur tiny hand 
Sorry, I know it’s fun but seriously you guys have to do something here. Get him off the stage! Love from Oz
You’re a brave man.
Sounds like somebody is missing his summer camp romance that just went back home yesterday
This is brilliant 
I am on my fourth pass...anyone know how to get something submitted to the Daytime Emmys?
And CNN wonders why they won't get an interview with the President!!!
Is it on UTube?
You left out the part where he calls Jackson's son an Annapolis "cadet".....those people are MIDSHIPMEN.....but then what do expect out of President Knownothing
You left out the part where he claims he made “millions”for NBC.
Chris, thank you for breaking this down. It was a very entertaining read at the gym.
@realDonaldTrump  advisers.
You sure?  Sounded like John Baron.
Hallucinating, isn't it?
I couldn't do it! I have this thing, where if I see someone making a total fool of themselves, I get so uncomfortable, I have to leave. Normally, this does not apply to Trump, but it was SO bad, and went on for SO long, I stopped @kanyewest ... It got worse?! #Dotard #fakePOTUS
Well done Chris!  I don’t know how you stomached that.
TRUMP'S losing his grip.....those  tiny hands can't hold on much longer...nor can his "pea" brain handle all the investigations...and yes..pun WAS intended.  #resistance
Yes!!! Thank you Chris. This is the best.
@realDonaldTrump is Off His Rocker, Crazy, Freaked Out.
You know he snuck his phone into Pruitt’s sound proof booth to do this interview whilst his PR people beat on the door watching in horror!  #ImpeachTrumpNow
What an indictment of the 38% that support this buffoon.
Nailed it.
Fox and Friends pioneering the field of disinvestigatibe journalism.  Quieting newsmakers when they worry they are making too much news
Wackadoodle
You're still working @CNN?
I have not thoroughly enjoyed reading something so much as I enjoyed this article!
Here come the Zucker Monkeys spewing Zuckers talking points.  There was nothing wrong with that call except for how how the Zucker Monkeys exploited Jackson rumors.
Can you imagine the problem the interpreters will have in Korea if Mr Trump rambles on like he did in this interview?
Q: How did Michael Cohen afford to live in NYC? He had three clients, one of which says they only gave him $10 once in a while and one, Trump, that says MC only did a very little work on their behalf. That third retainer must have been a monster.
Federal prosecutors in SDNY are already using this interview against him.
Big deal. You looking for a participation medal, Soy Boy? Socialist puppet.
“I know you are busy, Mr. President....buuuuut.... we have to go.
I am envious about your capability of enduring stuff like this. I can't stand more than a minute listening to this man. Per week.
Can you imagine what the 2020 presidential debates could be like?
I went to http://archive.fo  and archived Crizilla's article so we can continue to #StarveCNN

You're welcome!
Do you think Melania might have "turned him down" last night....

Great TV analogy, like the weatherman who tells you what the temp is right now, but then teases that we've got some majors changes coming up in the next few days, and I will have all of those details in our 6 O'Clock hour.
My goodness, you were busy! Now I'll read them.
>The 53 most stunning lines from Donald Trump's 'Fox & Friends' interview
Please share your thoughts.
It's in the link 
> The 53 most stunning lines from Donald Trump's 'Fox & Friends' interview
How many times did he admit to lying to the FBI Director or that he knew about Stormy Daniels?

I can’t imagine why his lawyers don’t want him to talk to Mueller.
Insane right! He needs to resign and get some psychological help. Seriously.
He really does this job is too much for him.
 I’m sure that’s why his lawyers quit more often than Kayne tweets batshit crazy.
"Very stable genius."
Can't do it. I heard a couple clips and wanted to drive into Pensacola Bay.
There were pictures?
did Kelly approve this phone call and was it made with his personal cell phone?
