But... He knows good words.
The problem is, who is it getting him in trouble with?  It seems like more and more nobody cares. What’s wrong with the general public?  The Republicans sure don’t seem to give a rip. UGH!!!!!
Yeah, but her emails, right. You maybe more than any one "journalist" were responsible for telling America that her emails were a bigger problem than anything and everything Trump did. Shame, and shame on @cnn for employing you.
And it's a beautiful thing to watch. His mouth should be declared a toxic waste site.
Actually I have seen zero consequences from his words or actions. People are falling like dominos at his feet. Repugnant
"You can grab them by the pussy."  Why wasn't that enough?
Nothing he says gets him "in trouble." That's the problem! He gets called on his sh*t, but no one does a blessed thing about it!
Since when? When will actual consequences occur? Won't be soon enough.
CNN now it makes complete sense.  Ur are followed so we all can have a good laugh.  CNN the only cable news station that NEVER gives it viewers the news.
I'm confused, didn't you guys just say the other day the the Muller team said there is no criminal investigation of POTUS?
Hahaha
CNN. Intelligence Committee just found no collusion between campaign and Russia. No collusion. That's the conclusion. That's the conclusion of the investigation. This is news. CNN doesn't like it, but that is the news!
No! They don’t
Cnn continues the lies https://townhall.com/tipsheet/katiepavlich/2018/04/27/secret-service-we-have-no-record-of-dr-ronny-jackson-banging-on-a-door-while-drunk-n2475436?amp=true&__twitter_impression=true …
Boy isn’t that the truth!
Shhhhhhhhhh.  Don’t tell him. 
He has the best words! A stable genius.
Chris Sleezza the law expert now
A famous women once said . “ if u don’t lie u won’t fumble ur words “
CNN reported this week that Dr. Ronny Jackson got drunk overseas, loudly banged on colleague's door & was stopped by Secret Service. Today Secret Service says it "has no such record of any incident; specifically, any incident involving Rear Admiral Ronny Jackson." Unbelievable.
No collusion @CNN
This is like discovering feet.
Pure idiocy! You guys double down daily on this nonsense
So he will be impeached and removed or lose reelection or get indicted and go to jail?
Few more calls to @foxandfriends
Well he is sleeping in the WH tonight...so
If they "may" hurt him legally, than in turn... they "may not" hurt him legally.
He’s the President of the United States. And he’s not in trouble. Otherwise very strong take.
Only with hysterical Ninnies like you folks at CNN
No they arent.. Your lies are killing ratings though
Not as much trouble as John Brennan’s crimes are getting him into!
Is this all #TheResistance has left?

You're really reaching.

;-)
With who? #FakeNews
Now do Clapper.
Please write your next column on this. Let me know when you are done and I will archive it. #StarveCNN #TrumpGoldenAge
They are running out of things to complain about so it's time to invent "Twittergate". Brought to you by the liberal media that has only one mission and that is to destroy @realDonaldTrump and anyone he nominates for a cabinet position. #FakeNews #BoycottCNN #MAGA

He’s still winning and you can’t deal with it. Go away you hack
They are the best
And.. who is going to jail anyway.. who can get a fair trial when it's all over TV 24/7? Just give me the end game, cause I'm not seeing it. Defending unethical, unqualified employees like it's normal. If this was the corp. world, this joint would have been raided and shut down.
Everybody keeps talking about how he's gonna be in trouble, yet, nothing, business as usual. We don't even talk about @jaredkushner anymore. You think he just up and started obeying the law? Still without proper clearance? No he has just disappeared into the walls. I'm just sayin
I've known very few pathological liars in my life, but each one ran off at the mouth, jumping from one outrageous lie to the next, before anyone could stop and roll their eyes. Just like the @realDonaldTrump.
We’ll enjoy kicking North Korea because they have had nothing to offer in last twenty five years.-DT
Yep. This is bullying and shaming at its horrific best. I cannot still believe this idiot is president.
#FakeNews
Do you already have your, "Why Trump Shouldn't Win the Nobel Peace Prize" article already penned?

#TrumpGoldenAge 
#StarveCNN
Trump can't control his mouth or his thumbs.
He is his own worst enemy.
Please, please don't give him a reason to change what hes doing!!
Amazing since they are "the best words."
Let him keep tweeting and doing interviews lol
You misspelled rich, famous and president of the United States
Looks like you and Trump share something in common.
http://thefederalist.com/2018/04/20/comeys-memos-indicate-dossier-briefing-of-trump-was-a-setup/ …

Your buddy standing there need to worry about this.
No shit, Cannoli of CNN.

