I’m confused. Was the only jab on Sanders look the eye shadow comment? You realize that’s not a joke on her looks right?
THEY DO AND THEY DON'T CARE.
Man, you need to take these takeaways even further away.
David cannot bully Golliath. Wolf did not "bully" SHS. Sanders needs to be told she is lying, to her face, often. That no one in the press will do it, and that a comic had to get up there and do it, is the most shameful part of the whole ordeal, Chris.

Agree with hupperts here
Post Feet Chris
Clutching those pearls rather tightly in defense of a known liar. Wolf was spot on. You're going after her because she called the media out, too.
Really, comforting the comfortable while afflicting the afflicted is not #journalism

@michelleisawolf nailed it at #WHCD

And you've been utterly destroyed: https://theconcourse.deadspin.com/you-cant-bully-these-motherfuckers-1825648283 …

#DeleteYourAccount hack

Stop fluffing @POTUS @realDonaldTrump with your attempt at memes #RESIST
Chris, do you know what a smokey eye is? It’s a look women like to create with eyeshadow. No one insulted Sarah’s looks. Michelle actually complimented her makeup. Can you stop running with this BS idea?
"she burns facts and then she uses that ash to create a perfect smokey eye" is still not making fun of anyone's makeup
If facts matter to CNN, can we hear a public statement saying y’all were wrong about “smokey eye” insulting Sarah’s looks?
I'm assuming you've never attempted smokey eye makeup - it's actually super hard to do well.  The smokey eye comment was a compliment wrapped in a wickedly smart if not brutal take down of a joke.
I confess. I've never tried smokey eye

:)  
yer a dum dum
you're so incredibly off-base with your assessment. Moreover, the faux self-righteous indignation is more than I can tolerate. Bullying? Seriously? What Sanders does in the press room is bullying. What Ms. Wolf did was brutal honesty. Make-up jokes makes one Pol Pot, I suppose.
Here is my takeaway...     they are one in the same!!!

If the response to last night’s WH correspondents dinner is any indication, we’re in for another election cycle where reporters focus on anything but what matters.

A white guy with an AR-15 killed 4 blacks at a Waffle House. Trump never said a word about it. And the media let him slide.

A comedian told some jokes at a dinner, and the media are outraged.
Yep-exactly this. Mr. Cillizza should remove the Stick of Pointless Self-Righteousness from his hind parts and try doing real journalism for a change. I think the real reason so many journos are peeved at Ms. Wolf is that she was better at their job than they've been in a while.
NOTHING better than during the election when CC & @Fahrenthold were both at the @washingtonpost - David worked his ass off and earned a Pulitzer-an award I feel certain CC will never get! #hack
That joke was NOT. About. Sanders'. Eye makeup. Seriously, how do you believe this? 1) Creating the "perfect smokey eye" is a compliment. 2) It set up the joke about her being a big honking liar, which you KNOW she is!
If you think she's making fun of her makeup, you need to listen/watch it again.
Sanders lies daily and you whimps let her.
@michelleisawolf mimicked Trump to a tee! Trump should be heaping praise on her for that performance!
I’m a regular person from the Coast. There are, literally, millions of us. You should check us out sometime. So many discount us as not being Real Americans. Since you just jumped on it too, maybe you can explain why?
https://theconcourse.deadspin.com/you-cant-bully-these-motherfuckers-1825648283 …

@MarcSterne @BraunFilm @MKornheiser @howardfineman @torietweet
You totally missed the point. It’s not SHS makeup, it’s her LIES.
Clearly the smokey eye joke was not about looks, it was about character.  Specifically being  a liar.  Surely as a successful journalist you know that.  Your stating otherwise is disingenuous and syncophantic.  Who are you trying to impress?
You are out of touch if you think anything Wolf said was equal to everything that Trump and his administration has said, done, and defended.
https://theconcourse.deadspin.com/you-cant-bully-these-motherfuckers-1825648283 … better takeaways here tho
All that water you're carrying must be getting real fucking heavy.
Wolf didn't go far enough, because Sarah Huckabee sadly didn't off herself with the lobster fork live on stage. Someone build the technology to resurrect Sam Kinison to berate these mongoloids into submission.
Can you off yourself with a lobster fork? And I'd love to have Sam back too - you made me laugh with this...
Wrong.
You are 100% wrong, perhaps because you aren’t a woman, perhaps because you enjoy your proximity to SHS too much. “A great smoky eye” is not an insult or bullying.
"There are LOTS of way to go after Sanders. I personally think that she is overly antagonistic to the reporters who cover the White House and misleads on the regular." And misleads on the regular? I'll clear that up for you Chris..she LIES on the regular. Stop the double speak..
Wow. More shallow than usual. And that’s saying a lot.
By the way. When you find the strength to get off your fainting couch, you might want to try proofreading.
Here are my top 5 Takeawasys:
 • She will attract more people who think like her to her Nexflix show.
 • CNN Loves people who think like her.
 • People on the Left are hypocrites. #freeowenbenjamin
 • People on the Right who appose her freedom are hypocrites.
 • Not funny.
It's astounding that a person who writes for a living doesn't understand that the smoky eye joke wasn't about her appearance but about the burning of truth to achieve the look.  I'm dumbfounded that you don't get this.

You should still change the article calling Michelle Wolf's routine /roast a speech. History will prove the press had a knee jerk reaction like Stephen Colbert whcd roast. You all do need to find other entertainment than comedy that doesn't offend your finer sensibilities.
Read your 5 takeaways and all I can say is that you are a butt-hurt snowflake, you’re as thin skinned as Trump and if this really bothered you it’s only because the truth hurts and you should consider something other than journalism.
Rolling my eyes so hard at the implication that she just did all of this for the publicity. FROM YOU.
Read Albert Burneko's article to find out what bullying is. And don't pretend you don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm really tired of all of you at this point.
Damn you for writing something I agree with! All good points
Wolf was CLEARLY complimenting Sanders' makeup while accusing her of "burning facts". 
Are you really not getting this or is it just your way of obfuscating your (as with most of the media) complicity in the lies the White House is spewing?
Nobody cares Chris. Go take a nap.
Chris how much more money do you make now than before you started doing this boot-licking drivel
Here's a great take on your take.
You, Chris, are absolutely part of the problem. I’m not trolling. I was in news for a long time. I say this from that place: By definition, @PressSec can’t be bullied by a comedian. She is a liar and should be called on it EVERY day. You should call her on it. Every damn day.
You’re such a bad analyst.
Thanks for protecting the establishment and the plutocrats, Chris! You're doing a bang up job of making money off the controversies of the current administration, while also seeming to protect corrupt lying government employees, like @PressSec Sanders, from reproach. Ur a hero.
While media gallops after Wolf's monologue, Trump is doing god knows what.
And here's a good take on Chris Cillizza's takeaways.
Sanders deserves far worse for her perpetual mendacity on behalf of the lying bully-in-chief. you & the rest of your pearl clutching  comrades don't like the way she CORRECTLY called you all out for being Trumps enabler. I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
You’re just as much of an enabler as Sanders, maybe more so.
I'm beginning to wonder if journalists aren't familiar with smoky eye-shadow. Do they think it's a slur? Do you realise it's a look done on purpose? It has absolutely nothing to do with her character or her penchant for lying. Huge difference.
Why does your pinned tweet have a gif making fun of a woman?
I will give you the abortion point. Joke wasn't funny. But that is all you get. You all deserved what Michelle gave. Your responses, especially about Sanders, have given Trump a win, not Michelle's routine. Sanders was attacked for the lies, not her looks.
Apparently you were the one who missed it.
Can't really be called a bully when you're punching up. Maybe CNN shouldn't staff itself with chickenshit apologists for propagandists.
I didn't finish.strategy , pick your fights. Time and place
I mean , I get so riled up when she's doing her press announcement.  I don't like her. But you have to have a strata
Chris, I'm with you. I felt the same way
Point blank: @michelleisawolf did her job. Her jabs that made the percipient feel unease is a testament to her gift. I can’t help but feel that a male comedian wouldn’t have caught this level of flack.
A male comedian could not have gone there in the era of MeToo - that would actually have looked like bullying. But with Ms. Wolf throwing barbs, different story.
That’s a good analysis, Chris. As usual.
I'm old enough to remember that "Mad Bitch Beer" sketch you did about Hillary Clinton with Milbank back in the day. So maybe your idea of funny isn't exactly in tune with everybody else's
Now that actual Nazi sympathizers have weighed in, you don't want to reflect on your hot take?
Bullying?
Chris I love your commentary but I think this is one times I have to disagree with you. What @michelleisawolf said is spot on and needed to be said so people will pay attention and realize that the @whpresscorps needs to stop ignoring the lies that come out of the @WhiteHouse
You're spineless and just jockeying for access you'll never get.
In a just world you would be cleaning truck stop toilets for minimum wage.
"Being funny is one thing. Bullying people because you can is another. And Wolf's treatment of Sanders was bullying."

Aren't you the guy who called Chip Pickering's wife a bitter woman because she said he cheated on her?

Did you do this to earn your hypocrisy merit badge?
We sit every day and watch these awful press briefings. Sarah Sanders is rude, cuts people off if she doesn’t like what they are saying. No one is able to call her on it.  So it was sweet  justice to see her put in an uncomfortable position for a change.
Glad to see you can bring yourself to tweet after the near-fatal case of the vapors. Just clutch those pearls tightly, you’ll pull through.
I agree with much of what you said, Chris, but I laughed out loud a couple of times, perhaps from embarrassment. As a fellow Catholic, I too thought the abortion jokes went way over the line. As for Sarah, her constant lies to cover her boss's lies deserve to be called out.
Chris Cillizza eats the shot right out of @PressSec ‘s anus. At night they enjoy beating up homeless people while dressed as Captain & Tennille. They smoke crystal meth they bought from @Scaramucci . They rape the elderly and eat cats. 

Is this bullying yet?
Here's a bigoted joke:  Scott Pruitt is as crooked as Chris Cillizza's lip liner after he sucks Trump to climax.

See the difference?
Man how does Jake Tapper stand being in the same company as someone as unprofessional and untalented as you, Chris?
Full of shit much?
You do realize abortion jokes are a thing? @SarahKSilverman is the patron of them
Says one of the biggest drivers of the "but her emails" phenomenon. 
SHE DIDN'T MAKE FUN OF HER GODDAMN MAKE UP. STOP BEING FUCKING OBTUSE, CHRIS.
Chris! Buddy. "Bullying is bullying"

You literally have a ongoing running list of your favorite belittling Trump nicknames.

Please sit down and shut up.
You’re a fucking disgrace to your “profession”.  That you choose to vilify an unknown comedian who DID HER JOB & tacitly defend an overt liar is beyond repugnant. If you don’t want your Georgetown/Loomis Chaffee bubble burst, stay in Chatter.
Peak Cillizza
Wolf - Pence wants to dictate women’s choices
Cillizza - eww, she’s talking about that icky women’s stuff, how inappropriate 
Wolf - SHS lies
Cillizza - eww, she’s talking about how it looks when SHS lies, what a bully.
Cillizza - bothsidism. I am so good at this
Take a read. "Cillizza had big issues with Wolf’s “don’t knock it till you try it” bit  about abortion..."
Hey Chris, here’s a retort to your article:
In my experience, the only way to stand up to a bully like Sanders is to bloody their lip. And that's what she got and deserved. The Abortion bit was just throwing it back in the faces of those who think the can control others.   You Sir, are just wrong.
The joke is about SHS lying so much that she can use the ashes for makeup. She's not making fun of her looks. She's making fun of the fact the SHS lies 50 times a day in defense of a thrice married philanderer that thinks he can just grab women by the pussy becuz he's famous.
Everything she said was correct! You on the other hand, how the hell anyone should even pay attention to you is mind boggling!  CNN is complicit for this rat show in the WH. Whine about that!
Love your analysis
Trump being bad at policy: Pointless to point out. Trump being poor? Now you've hit a nerve. And on it goes. The MSM had better get with the program and fast.
Trying to pretend that the press is above such barbarism is why no one in this administration gives a damn what you publish - the time has long passed for punching above the belt. This ego driven administration only understands threats to its ego.
Love your reporting. Your analysis not so much.
#fuckoff Chris, on the makeup joke that was about LYING not her makeup OR her looks, you're as far off as all the fake outrage females like Maggie Haberman et al. You all got it wrong, admit it.
Apologetic snowflakes.
The left: But Mommy, they did it first!
If that's the worst barb SHS takes, she should count her lucky stars. This administration has taken truth, used it for toilet paper, and tried to feed it to us from her mouth, and most of us do not take kindly to it. If she wants better treatment, quit lying for a living.
Takeaway is you're all frightened to death of trump and will do anything not to displease him.
Beat a dead horse....
