Not funny. No Wanda sykes
As much as I adore Wanda Sykes, I bet if asked she’d applaud Michelle Wolf tonight
Wanda is a treasure and I bet she would have been rooting for Michelle at the top of her lungs. Bottom line, Michelle Wolf was brilliant!
She was!!!!
Why are we calling a roast a speech?
They hire a comic and then piss and moan that she’s funny. Am I missing something. She was hilarious.
“There you go again” the media loves to focus on nonsense. IT WAS COMEDY! Move on Media. @CNN @maggieNYT @NBCNews
Disgusting comedian!  Changed channel about 10 min into Wolf.  Glad I got to see @jaketapper @evanperez @jimsciutto receive their award.  Wolf didn’t do press any favors brought you guys down to Trump level. Sad!
#FirstAmendment Forever!   Thank you @margarettalev . Only people who'd lived without the #FREEDOMofSPEECH  can FULLY appreciate it's enormous importance!!!!
I bet you loved Wolf. You are such a hateful guy
Which was much funnier then the comedian I never heard of
#WHCD
When did it become okay to be more offended by what someone with no power says than by what someone with power does?   Quote by Neil deGrasse Tyson
Got a link? 'Haven't seen it anywhere, yet.

"An attack on any journalist is an attack on us all," says Margaret Talev, president of the White House Correspondents' Association https://cnn.it/2Fq1uMO  #WHCD 
TY. 'Read that as someone else. Obviously, since previously liked this clip. Was there another strong First Amendment support?
not sure about any other links - I too went looking
I'd rather people read (or watch) the last couple of minutes of @michelleisawolf's comments. You know, the ones she addressed at the press corps for helping create the Trump Monster, profiting from it, and playing along with it? #WHCD #WHCA
Wolfe's routine isn't nearly as scandalous as 45 and his cabinet from hell.  Reporters ought to worry about their civil liberties and free press and less about the clickbait that was the WHCD.
LOL

This person is completely delusional and lacks any sort of moral compass. She is an embarrassment to humanity. The entire speech was cringe worthy and not funny at all. I hope she gets diarrhea and shits on herself 24/7 for the next year
Weird how you only apply it when Democrats speak. Never hear from you when Republicans are under the gun.

The press has bigger problems, mainly @realDonaldTrump 
https://twitter.com/bri_sacks/status/990395510124154881 …
She spayed!!
Free speech is everything, if is the essence of freedom. But what do you think of 'free speech allows us to lie and say anything we feel like saying, true or not, about a person or situation'? I guess that's a morality or ethics thing.
#1A is a great thing! I am sure #trump2020 will look at #WHCD2018 as a huge gift to our cause and we thank you. You proved again your vile, hatred and bias. God Bless!
Wolf tarnished the night - any good that could have came from it is out the window. Ppl in that room exposed themselves tonight.
It wasn’t a speech. It was a comedy routine. There is a difference
Lets celebrate #freespeech and throw a gala for it...then when a comedian says something some dont like, lets talk about changing the speech at an event celebrating free speech. Trumps "Merica 2018! The plan was to insult whatever happened at the Dinner. SMH
How about James Clapper leaking the dossier to CNN? Should that get some attention too?
Too bad the disgraceful comedian overshadowed anyone else’s meaningful message.
226 years later.
Cousin xia holly stop hand Boop pix
Foam it Chris uppity zyl had Cool
She’s a pig
I’m sure that speech will totally help journalists images.  #sarcasm #nasty 
#WHCD talking points:

Abortion is Funny 
White Women are Coons
Ted Kennedy is Hilarious 
#MeToo  is a Joke
“Oral” and girls “jacking off” is appropriate now at Black Tie events
“Speech”...
It would be funny if it were but it ain’t so it’s not. Oh and a woman was horribly killed by an airplane engine. That was totally inappropriate. Sad.
@michelleisawolf spoke truth to power tonight. It was hilarious and needed.
Talev’s speech very moving - Michelle Wolf was embarrassing, tasteless, not funny, crude. Yuck - tampon jokes after dinner?
You’re outraged about Michelle Wolf?  She’s a comedian doing quite awesome comedy! Maybe you should be outraged about issues like poverty in America; pervasive racism and hate; #TrympRussiaCollusion Wow! #MichelleWolf
@ScottSokol You have no idea who I am, but I’ve spent the last 35 yrs working on issues of poverty, healthcare inequality, HIV/AIDS policy, reproductive rights, and public education. And yes, I didn’t like the comedian. I guess that negates my life’s work.
All she did was speak the truth. The problem is trumpkin's can't handle the truth and the rest of us don't think it's funny. But she said out loud everything that everyone says everyday. Conway and Sanders are liars. Glad she said it to their faces. @CillizzaCNN
Who watches that crap the dinner is boring and gross
If you're expecting sympathy from me for Sanders. That's not going to happen. 
That said.. I didn't find Wolf that funny
America enjoyed it a lot.
There's no need for this comedian or So Cal comedian to get personal just unnecessary meanness and that's not what it should have been a boat
Have you never seen the WHCD before?
I can’t watch roasts like this- it makes me uncomfortable- mean jokes are pretty much the whole point. 
Could have gone harder on folks, and it would have been just fine.

Job done!
Brave statement, Cillizza.    No one liked @StephenAtHome when he did the #whcd either.  All you said is that people will “talk about it;” unwilling to commit to an opinion?  Spineless.  She was tough but funny.  Appropriate.
She obliterated Sarah tho and that is quite satisfying.
Missed it. Watched the President rally the troops instead.
Freedom of the press ...ok...not the freedom to ruin peoples lives
Michelle Wolf owning Trump, KellyAnne Conway Sarah Sanders, Mike Pence #WHCD
Who, and when is the dinner?
She was spot on! Speaking truth all around!
