EPA officials reacted in shock to this Thursday, with one EPA official telling me a sense of "collective 'Oh sh**' came out of EPA HQ" when Pruitt admitted he knew of the raises in the hearing this morning. https://twitter.com/JDiamond1/status/989522263316811777 …
I’m just hoping we can get to the bottom of those Crooked Hillary emails, Chris. That’s really where the story is.
Trump admin officials admit to lying on a daily basis. Rarely are there any consequences.
Nothin will happen!
Your continued capacity for astonishment is, well, astonishing.
and nothing will happen. he already is supremely unethical and publicly endorsed pay to play. he knows, more than media, that it didn't matter anymore. media needs to start looking at D.C. as it IS. not as it once was
Chances he loses his job? Still single digits. Insufficient outrage from the public; indifference from his boss.
Why not? He has gotten away with everything else at this point.
But you don’t care when Clapper lies.
He's gotten away with everything else. Probably figures, "Why not?"
He’s not going anywhere. Koch brothers put him there, and trump’s not going to fire him if for no other reason than to prove he doesn’t have to. If I’m not mistaken congress can’t fire cabinet members. We’re boned til 2020.
Peace coming in the Korean Peninsula and you are obsessed with this. Pathetic
Everybody knew that, even the donald, what’s really amazing?nobody will do anything.... amazingly sad!
It is now easy to know the truth from admin and in hearings. Just translate what they say to the opposite of what they say.
Of course he know about it he just thought he could brush it aside and make it a non issue
nothing matters
LOL! No it's not! It's perfectly predictable. They're ALL LIARS.
Won’t matter. Congress will make a show of it but won’t do anything else.
Corrupt republicans


Now what?
They’re only now saying “oh shit?”
Where are the political leaders with a moral back bone to say THIS IS WRONG and ENOUGH!
WH. Best People.
All lies. All the time. 
A daily embarrassment.
So did the Pres. Again.
why is it amazing? Trump lies all the time with no consequence-- why would it amaze that his subordinates do as well?  This isn't amazing, it's just where we are as a nation right now.
He'll be promoted to the CIA director opening.
He’s the honey badger
Own goal.
The whole Trump cabinet lies period!!
Seems the truth is a rare commodity these days.
Judging by history CNN will be offering him a job .... the James Clapper rule.
@CillizzaCNN well @CNN has been silent 161D since € https://www.bing.com/search?q=congress+%2417&qs=HS&sc=5-0&cvid=1D875796CB1E4599A1E66C8EF1F218B4&FORM=QBLH&sp=1 …
> Pressure 4 Silence greater than AMERICA RT 2no?

Keeping your lies straight is very hard especially for people that are intellectually challenged.  Take Donald Trump for example.
he might as well admit it - he will never see any consequences   he's right about having nothing to hide.  they all doing their rips offs and corruptions out in the open right in our faces.  they r the ruling class and shall  do whatever thehell they want right up in your grill.
Why wouldn't he lie? There have been no consequences. tRump surrounds himself with like minded, amoral offal. It will take a #BlueWave to hold any of these cons accountable.
Better to lie to fox news rather than congress
What’s amazing is that it doesn’t seem 2 matter...2 anyone. The whole cabinet gets caught lying by the press, time & time again, & they continue 2 lie with immunity. Unless & until this corrupt congress is voted out, it will continue...because it can. #HowSad #MerikkkaLooksStupid
Today's #GOP
Will this sh*t show ever end? 
The fish rots from the head.
Actual footage of #WhiteHouse of today. And every day.
Don Jr. said last year the truth comes out when the public has to know. (in other words when they are backed in to a corner, and not a moment sooner) That is the way this whole admin works.
Pruitt is a low down dirty scoundrel.
Oh, and the $43,000 sound proof phone booth - it just appeared without his authorization.
A cabinet secretary admits telling a blatant lie to the press, yet we are the ones they call “fake news?”
James Clapper is a contributor on your network...
He's toast.
Shocking n'stuff.
#BootPruitt #PruittLies
Great.  Since when is lying to Fox News a crime?  Just wondering.
It's not only the post-truth era, it's also the post-shame era.
You shouldn't use a pronoun in such cases. 

Both Trump and Pruitt admitted they lied.
He admitted he flat-out lied.  Amazing. https://twitter.com/JDiamond1/status/989544827489579008 …
But he was lying in order to destroy the planet. People forget that.
The house of government funded cards is starting to fall.  Pruitt cannot keep up with his lies in front of Congress.  The president cannot keep up with his on Fox and Friends.  

What a sad state of affairs
