Many people have  studied at community colleges and graduated therefrom ,transferred to a 4 yr college, and done very well.  Others
found employment after the two years of study that community colleges offer.
The role of community colleges is important.
Real people do! Only those so privileged that they can't see the real world dont!
Wrong again. I know it’s steps above Trump university
God, what an amazing person to be able to explain what a Community College is..
Should Read " ...I certainly don't know what a community college is."  From the man who gave us a FAKE College... that ripped people off.  He taught them alright, taught them how to distrust.  SAD.
He's mad. As in Mad Hatter. Can't  normal rational people see he is not normal.
Yeah. Someone like you probably spits on someone from the mid-west who only attended community college. #ProgressivesShallow
Um, 9 million students are enrolled as undergraduates in community colleges.
He went to the best schools.
People who live and interact in communities know what community colleges are.  People who live in their own self absorbed bubble most likely don't.
Well, first you have to understand what a college is. Trump clearly doesn't know or care about the importance of a college education. Afterall, college educated voters weren't part of his base. Then you have to understand the importance of community. Like as in working together..
And nobody knew health care was so complicated.
Said no one ever.
Brilliant!
Trump hasn’t learned anything since he was young and refuses to learn now.  This guy is a disgrace to our country.
MAGA IMPEACH TRUMP
"nobody" = Mr. Trump & his fans
This coming from the guy whose father paid to get him into Wharton, then who claimed he graduated at the top of his class, but didn’t, and that he has an MBA, but doesn’t. Right, Donnie. Go back to Community College and learn something... but you couldn’t get in with your record.
Nobody knows nuthin anymore.
Least of all the 70-something year-olds who watch television all day long who are barely literate.
He still doesn’t know? Wow, good job from the Education Secretary.
Is that a picture of Trump or his robot from Disneyland’s hall of presidents? I can’t tell because they both have soulless eyes and sprayed on tans. Oh no, I made fun of his looks! Out of bounds!
I educate the future generation of nurses at one...
I've got an Associates in Electronic Technology and a Certificate of Completion in Pneumatic & Electronic Instrumentation from @SowelaTCC, which is a #communitycollege. I know very well what a "community college" is.
Said in a county with one of the largest community colleges in the country...
And then he went on to talk about them as tho they were synonymous w vo-tech institutes...
Nobody knows = djt
You my poor soul, do not get it. It is amazing to watch someone, that I assume is educated, observe @realDonaldTrump and not understand the man. Your lack of understanding is the explanation as to why he was elected in the first place.
Please explain it.
His elitism is showing.
In Trump language this means either I dont know what it is or I just found out fairly recently.
I have heard him say this before. Is he really that stupid???
What a MORON...
WTF is he talking about?
But they sure know what a fake university is! #orangetyrant
