Michelle Wolf crushed it last night and if the media truly can't laugh at themselves (Yeah, @CillizzaCNN, that's the issue here) then they should demand the WHCA book Fallon and Leno every year for the rest of time.
@Brennanator Cillizza thinks the joke is about the makeup, not about the lies. I guess it's hard to laugh at a joke when you completely miss the Point.
I genuinely hope that’s the case cuz at least I can respect that someone is wrong. But all of this pushback from the media stinks of “I know this is perfectly appropriate but if I pretend it isn’t, I’ll look ‘fair and balanced’ and Trumpers will like me.”
I find it genuinely scary. They are getting a window into what their audience responds to, and they are pooh-poohing it in favorite of their collegial decorum. They're at a fork in the road and one path leads to complicity.
They are obsessed with finding a way to make this presidency normal so they don’t have to hold this administration up as the criminal enterprise that it is.
Buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh
BEP BEP CHRIS CILLIZZA TAKE COMIN THRU THIS ONES A DOOZY
Yet, it is
Chris Cillizza will NEVER find himself unemployed with this kind of high level sophistry. You will never cease to amaze me, sir!
Chris. Nobody even cares about your fact-free opinions. You do CNN a grave disservice by peddling sloppy journalism.
your petulance is laughable
whomstd've
Sober up.
Lmao she fucking shook y'all.
Despite you and other media failures trying to create a smokescreen about the smoky eye nonsense that you're deliberately misinterpreting, we know you're furious Wolf called out your continued failure to do your jobs and inform the people.  Please, continue proving her point.
We know what the issue is.
In what way is calling someone out for lying being a bully?
Yes it is
Double Standards !!!??!!!
Correction:  The Trumps are bullies. They can dish it, but can’t take it.
Hi Chris, Were you there the night #GeorgeWBush joked about why he and @GOP sent 1000s of US Troops to their deaths in #Iraq, & #WHCD erupted in laughter and clapping? Don't remember #MSM being too concerned about this:
Either you didn't watch or read Michelle's comments or you are being way too sensitive on SHS account. She said SHS had "smokey eyes".FFS
Chris "Ratio" Cillizza just cant quit being ratio'd.

Wow. The idea that MW's joke "called out" Sander's eye makeup is madness. She PRAISED her eye makeup—she said it was a "perfect smokey eye"—she just pointed out that it was made of the ashes of burned lies. Which it is! Both.
Wow. You really don't get it, do you?

Kult45 already calls you fake news. Now you and your colleagues' faux outrage has alienated many on the left. Well done 
Yes it is. Oh and toadying up to the WH.
Yes it is
The Trumps are bullies. They can take it , but can’t take it.
Like I said, if you have an issue with what she said, that's your right. But your article acted like she was out of bounds. I've followed her comedy since she hosted open mics I bombed at. This is what she does. It's no secret. Your issue should be with the WHCA.
"She burns facts and uses the ash to create a perfect smoky eye" - What's offensive about that? Sanders bn lying to America on a daily basis for nearly 2 years now & Wolf's line hd caused more uproar than what Trump had said about Sen Tester & others during his rally?
It’s effing hilarious
Yes, it is. You’re a fucking scourage on this country. The proof we don’t live in a meritocracy where you get what you earn is that you, Chris, have not yet been literally nailed to a cross and left to die in unspeakable pain. But a girl can always dream.
You're a humorless baby
You deserved everything she said. Trump and the staggering hypocrisy of the GOP is on those who treat them like they have valid things to say, rather than as the lunatics they are.
Not, it really does seem to be. Do your jobs all the time instead of just when it comes to Trump (have to be objective, folks!). Name one thing she did that is worse than anything Trump has done. Get over yourself and do your damned job.
Dude, this can't be news to you. You make a living off pushing bad opinions. You didn't think anyone was going to criticize you for it?
Yes it is

Yes, it really is
Yes. It is
Where do you keep your bad takes? In your garage, or do you have some kind of shed or outbuilding? Because there are just so many.
Got any hot takes on Trump’s rally, @CillizzaCNN?
If you think Cillizza should be lecturing others about any of this, here you go:
Yes, it is.  If it wasn’t, the talking heads from corporate media wouldn’t be collaborating to create a false narrative that Sanders was criticized for her looks.  They need to do it to attack the messenger who called them (ie you) out to their faces.
Please leave the media, @CillizzaCNN. You're everything that's wrong with journalism. The banality of your commentary is bottomless
Your hot take outrage is real telling, Chris.  Kathy hit a nerve and she needs to keep punching it again and again and again.
Does Cillizza have a book coming out? Bc why would he be mad at this?
He’s certainly not mad at Wolf’s take on a Maybelline ad:
Whatever it is you think you're doing, Chris; stop doing it because you're doing to wrong.

Media personalities are mostly upset about Michelle Wolf because she told the truth about THEM; she had the audacity to (correctly) say TO THEIR FACES they tolerate and excuse Trump's excesses because it's good for business.…
Every time you weigh in, I know you’re wrong without looking. It’s a helluva streak you’ve got there.

Also, *no.
Yeah, it is.
Spot. Fucking. On.
MICHELLE WOLF: I think what no one in this room wants to admit is that Trump has helped all of you...he has helped you sell your papers & your books & your TV. You helped create this monster and now you’re profiting…

2/ This is the important thing to remember: all of this is just play-acting bullshit.
Look, pal, I'm a crippled, shaking monster because of progressive MS and I'll die choking ... so don't you for a second criticize this lady when the President of the United States would find me, "hard to watch".

Take it back.
Sanders, Spicer and entire administration are bullies and liars to reporters everyday, so it goes both ways.
Sanders, Trump, and Conway deserved every bit of"bullying" they got.  They're a disgrace to the country and represent everything that is wrong with it.
It's a fucking roast. Your reaction show she hit pretty near the target.
Trump is trashing everyone everyday so viciously , it cannot s about time someone come up and trash him even harder , I think she was soft on him and on his weird staff .
It's just hypersensitivity and it's gross you can't preach the gospel during the day and Dance with the Devil at night and that's what the MSM seems to be doing right now
Your misplaced outrage proves Tom's point, Chris.
The other issue is that instead of holding POTUS accountable for not doing his job and showing up last night, they gave him free press coverage for a hyper partisan "campaign rally" 2 1/2 years before his next election.
Yes, it is. You have normalized 45 and cry about emails and a comedian. You are a b#$%.
It is!! 

This is what happens when news media and government personalities become the stars. Their heads crawl up their own asses and the lose touch with reality. 

Yes, @michelleisawolf was hilarious last night! Wake up and realize it!
What is the problem about Michelle's performance last night?  I do have the same question she raised.  Why you guys keep let bunch of repeating liars use your platforms to distribute disinformation and try to be impartial between truth and lie?
The issue is the POTUS was too much of a #snowflake to show up and take a little roasting by the people he trashes on Twitter every day, and sent people to take the heat for him.
When will you all realize that most of your viewers appreciated her bit because she called people out for treading lightly with this administration??  You’re doing EXACTLY what she joked about.  Stop making excuses and act ing offended and buck up already.
Acting* 
(WHY is there still no edit button @Twitter? )
I'll send you a tissue so that you can wipe the Trump brown from your nose.  All though I am sure you have had a raise or 2 in the last couple of years due to your coverage of the monster you created.
Just what we need, another Chris Cillizza “hot take”.
Gotta say, easily the most insightful thing he's ever written.
Fallon? No. Colbert? Yes.
Yes it is, you dope. 

Stop being offended by a comedian. Start being offended by this president.
Cillizza is afraid the president will be mean to him. Doesn't have the balls to stand up yo him

Many disagree when our Country has been attacked, Mexicans, disabled, poor...  it was funny!  

When the hell do they apologize??
No, the problem with the media is you have no balls and won't tell the truth about how much this administration lies.
