What about the Sarah sanders jokes or the abortion jokes? Highlight too?
Did he let you ride his mustache
I’m sure it made you feel cool to listen to a human being drug through the mud to her face. Jokes about her looks, her weight, her integrity. I hope you got nice swag or some tasty chicken. You left journalistic integrity at the table.
Did you ask him about giving up the bomb to Alomar in the 1992 ALCS?
Jersey he wore giving up Kirk Gibson’s home run is coming up for auction soon!
Silly question from someone in Oregon. Why is Dennis Eckersley at the #WHCD?
No selfie?
Who is that?
He was a famous pitcher for the Cleveland Indians who, late in his career, finished up somewhere else.
A lot of pearl clutching I hear, over a WOMAN who made some harsh jokes, by people who support a petty manchild in the ultimate position of power.
Jock sniffing. That fits
I wouldn’t admit I attended.
Awesome pitcher
Lol what? Why was he there? Where was Dave Stewart? Any Carney Langford sightings?
*Lansford. Ugh.
And David Price jinxed the Red Sox when he confronted and disrespected the Eck.

So it was your dinner? 

I didn't know you were as egotistical as the President.
Do people still watch CNN? They suck.
Let me know when you meet David Dennison.
Cillizza and CNN should really wake the fu.. up. All they do is lies, miss leading and spread stuff that never happened as if it were real. They really leave the USA. We are a lot better off with out them and oboma/hillery.
That feathered-back hair!

If you're more distressed about the jokes #MichelleWolf told tonight than about the lies Trump, Sarah Huckabee Sanders and Kellyanne Conway tell every day, you should rethink your priorities. 
I love Eck. Always have - because I’m old. Don’t buy into the Washington bs that Michelle was too hard on you all - the American people needed that, and truly support her. Just like I did when Eck was playing for the A’s like a boss.
Photo please! The Eck! #memories
He still has the same haircut as he did in 1989, which is impressive commitment.
Still as handsome, too.
does he give side-handed handshakes?
Did he bring up Rick Manning running around with his wife? Not as weird as Mike Kekich and Fritz Peterson switching families but close...
still rockin’ a mullet??
