Chris, I bet you think we should feel aggrieved for you now. We don't. I remember CNN showing an EMPTY podium where Trump was about to speak, over and over. It was absurd.
They showed an empty podium while Bernie was is Washington Park speaking in front of more people then Obama was able to get there. That's no easy feat.
Goddammit. I'd forgotten about that.
I'll never forget their slanted coverage in 2016.
Michelle Wolf is right. The media propelled Trump to the presidency to make a buck, while excluding the candidate that polls showed over and over had a better chance of beating him in the general. #WHCD
I work from home & have news (mostly MSNBC) on a lot, so I saw this all play out. It was sickening & still is. MSM still doesn't get it, doesn't believe they played a big roll in Trump winning. SMH #BernieWouldHaveWon
Stop. Airing. Live Trump Rallies. You can air clips later, with fact checks. No. More. Free. Airtime. @CNN @MSNBC
And stop calling him “Mr. Trump”! He was referenced as such throughout the campaign while his opponent was Hillary or Clinton. Subtle but effective distinction. And not at all OK.
The media HELPED Trump win by sabotaging Hillary the media gave him billions free air time and the venomous snake Trump is biting the hell out of media and media is the blame for it they didn't do the right thing by vetting him and getting the truth out the media let America down
Funny how the left MSM had Hillary winning the election by a landslide? Hilary’s gonna win-I don’t have to go out and vote!!! No blame on them though!!! Thanks but Trump didn’t need the help!!!
@morningmika and her partner, gave away countless free hours time to wannabe  dictator.
The media didn’t sabotage Hillary-Hilary sabotaged Hilary!!!
Right,what else?
Stupor induced during 2016?
Media-Comey and Hilary thinking she was a shoe in!!! Too confident-arrogant almost!!! I’m by no means a Hillary fan and I’m glad she lost. But I think the media buried her chances the most. It ain’t over till...
To all the journalists who squirmed or felt indignant when they heard @michelleisawolf say the above quotation:

The feeling you experienced is how the corruptly powerful should feel when they read your work. Otherwise you are not doing your fing job.
I also strongly agree with @sarahkendzior ‘s remarks from 
late 2016!


Some things shouldn’t be For Profit, ie: the news, healthcare, education, justice system.
The corporate media are hurting our political system.  The corporations want profit at the expense of diverse, independent voices.
And........?
She's right, how about just ignoring him sometimes. Don't repeat his toxic tweets 50 times a day, don't air rallies, don't air speeches, don't talk about every tiny thing he says and does. Most of the country, and world, hate him, and all he says and does. He's vile and divisive.
A freaking men! They say but he’s the pres. But is he? He’s a wannabe dictator and they help him.
Yet you probably approved of @BarackObama who incarcerated American journalists.
It always has to come back to O doesn’t it? You know you can get help for your obsession with him.
No, it doesn’t. But, it does show how the liberals arguments are empty as they applauded a man who received the Nobel Peace Prize for nothing done and incarcerated American journalists.
“This monster” just ended the Korean War
By you, she means you, Cillizza.
i beleive this is his way of owning up
No chance.
Chris is quoting this with no self-awareness whatsoever, guarantee.

Because class shines bright in the face of low class trash. They were beacons in a night of liberal embarrassment and self degradation. https://twitter.com/drudge/status/990421341399584769 …
Yup. He’s the best thing that’s ever happened for the media. I guess it’s just unfortunate the country had to be destroyed in the process. But the ratings!
Nero provides color commentary while Rome burns.
Truth hurts, huh, Chris!! Hold those media feet to the fire, Michelle Wolf!
During 2016 CNN carried every live rally of Trump’s but hardly gave equal time to the Democrats.
Oh Chris. I can always count on you for my daily tone deaf twitter post.
She ain't wrong
You all know it’s true. The grotesque malpractice by the media - with a very few exceptions - is sickening
Maybe this is one thing that trump is right about. The media do love to broadcast him. It is great for their ratings so . . . . .
It’s a sadistic symbiotic relationship. Both get something (they feel is necessary) from each other.  Not to say that all media treat Trump as their pimp, thank goodness.
Well it is the truth.
Yassir, it sure is.
Truth bomb go boom. This is why y’all are being so ridiculous today. Get a GD mirror.
She was soooo right about that!
You all were complicent @CNN @newday @morning_joe. It would do a lot for your credibility if ALL of you would just own it.
Leslie Moonves on Donald Trump: "It May Not Be Good for America, but It's Damn Good for CBS" https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/leslie-moonves-donald-trump-may-871464 … via @thr
Media is mad M Wolf spoke truth to power at #WHCD. Media’s careless coverage of DT helped get him elected. America is left paying the price while Media capitalizes on its own mistakes. 
BTW, a comedian did something journos won’t do- face SHS and called her out for her daily lies
It wasn't careless. People smart enough to create multi billion dollar enterprises don't accidentally provide the means for a fascist to get elect president.
She nailed that.
That feeling you have is called conviction. You know she's right.


Can you see it @CillizzaCNN ?  Can you see what role the press had in destroying the most qualified person to ever run for president ?  Can you see how you helped elect the most corrupt human being on earth to become our president?  Can you see it now ,  @CillizzaCNN ?????
She's talking directly to you Cillizza, hope you wrote this to remember for later.
Seriously.
Too bad it's not like FB and show up on its anniversary as a memory. You need to see this everyday
She is right. She told you the truth to your faces 
So true, trump would not be in the WH if it weren’t for 24 hr a day coverage 
No lies seen
words from February 2016 still rings true! https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/leslie-moonves-donald-trump-may-871464 …
MSM love Trump
I'm still pissed off as hell at @CNN for reading HRC's /DNC's STOLEN emails on air every morning. Stolen! @CNN was complicit in the theft. They took pride in it, but I saw a news agency with no morals or ethics. Today, I don't Watch @CNN for that reason. And, I never will again.

I can't believe I'm going to fav one of your tweets
Broken Chrises are right twice a lifetime
I mean, admittedly, it was a quote. 
This is the first good tweet you’ve ever made. Keep it up, Chris!
She’s right. I used to think about all the free airtime he got as candidate. Wolf may not have cracked funny jokes-but she spoke the uncomfortable truths.

I’m glad chris is finally coming clean, being this honest is quite a feet for him
I found an irony.
Ded.

she was definitely talking to you, Chris
I completely agree! Meanwhile he is destroying DEMOCRACY and everyone is standing by. 
Including the MEDIA!!  THERE'S A LACK OF Professionalism, Status, Doing it for COUNTRY and SEARCHING FOR & PUBLISHING TRUTHS vs LIES... Sadly it's all about Money & WINNING AT ANY COST INCLUDE THE SELLING OF OUR DEMOCRATIC SOULS TO THE DEMAGOGUERY OF WEALTHY, ie HAVE n HAVE NOT!!
surprised she didn't add "and your soul".  would've been on-message...
As culpable as the media is, for sure, there shouldn't be an overly focus on shooting the messenger.
The whole structure of big  controlling areas outside of their biz, is the corporate owning of country hell, that needs real scrutiny.
PS.. Would that the media made that the "story", caveat it is.
She's talking about you, Chris. Maybe listen.
She was great. Real. Funny.  On point. Don’t get the over reaction by the media at all!  A joke about eyeshadow!  That is offensive!?  Ridiculous.
Very true. It was clear during the primary he was getting tons of free publicity.
She was right. And you as much as said so before the election. Remember?
Trump threatened Senator Tester last night at his KKK rally...any outrage for this dangerous attack on a member of Congress??
Of course not because @GOP outrage is selective, just like their morality.
How many hours of empty podiums and count down clocks were we battered with during the election? How many interviews with people waiting for rallies to begin? Now compare that to anything of substance.
Not to mention the stream of godawful "surrogates" plying the world with dump stool-ade, making no bloody sense, saying dumpy was a genius & .
Does the truth hurt? Is that why y’all are crying today?
She is 100% correct.
Zero lies. And you're still at it.

It’s going on your gravestone.
You can hear the words and repeat them, but still you'll never understand them eh?
Did you have an “ah ha” moment when she said that?
So true, the best line. Really puts it all in perspective.
She was talking directly to you Chris.
Guess that eludes him. Next quote...
This was her best line and it is so true. I am usually a fan but she just wasn’t funny.
I can't imagine that Truth getting any laugh.Complete Bipartisan support,the likes of which the Congress has never seen #whcd2018
 (But definitely not intended to be funny) #WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner
She's right. What are you going to do about it?
She's absolutely right.
She's talking about you Cillizza
She’s right and you are part of the problem Chris.
Wolf speaks the truth.
She's not wrong, you know.  The WHCD was going on, MSNBC was giving FREE airtime by covering a campaign rally, live, unedited, featuring Donald Trump.  A campaign rally.  Almost 3 years out. In. Its. Entirety.  A whole campaign rally, complete and unedited, no opponent in sight.
And she was absolutely right.
As much as I embrace free media it is true that that same media played a role in getting us where we are today.  Sometimes they need to stand up and not just sell.
She's right, but we can change it. Turn off the talking heads and demand real journalism. #Resistance
Which includes you, specifically.
What will it take to induce the least amount of self reflection, Chris? It’s long past time.
so that's the real reason why @maggieNYT is mad at her, not the Huckabee Sanders' jokes which IMO were tame compared to Trump's non-pc rallies.
I would agree the media helped his rise to the WH.  Imagine if you’d all vetted him thoroughly before he won the primaries.  Special thanks to Joe & Mika who have spent the last year attempting to make up for backing Trump w free press during the campaign.
You realize Michelle Wolf is talking about YOU, right, Chris Cillizza? I hope you at least have that much self-awareness.
Print this out and put it on your wall and read it every day Chris
this was by far the most insightful statement, oddly, it is rarely mentioned on ANY cable news channel. NY Times bestsellers...
Yup. From the news consumer's POV, it was maddening to watch. Maddening to watch reporters and hosts ask themselves and each other, "are we causing this" and tell themselves, "no". Yes, *you*, CNN.
Fact check: True.
Don't say "to the Media" like it's not directed right at you....because you were one of the main culprits!
she's right.
So true. You guys should be doing lots of soul-searching....But instead, you'll just continue to deflect. Please tell me now how this is all Hillary's fault.
Including you Chris!
So true!  The media normalized the traitor @realDonaldTrump and is complicit in the demise of our democracy!
He did it to him self he came out attacking the American people wanting punishing the poor for being poor bullying those that disagree with him the same GOP that agreed with him he disrespected them before he was elected talk bad about then Are they afraid of him or what ?
Yeah, and?
Truth. The media gave him billions in free airtime & was quick to scandalize the stolen DNC/Podesta emails even when the content wasn’t controversial. Complicit in weaponizing emails stolen by RU & released by Wiki to help Trump. Cuomo once admitted on air: “We juiced him.”
Oh man Chris wait until you find out what ‘the media’ means
How interesting that this doesn’t seem to be part of the @washingtonpost headline. They just said she was mean.
*Italian Chef Kiss*
#AmericanIdol #TwitterVersusFacebook
#DaytimeEmmys #Homeland "Dennis Miller"
“He has helped you sell your papers and your books and your TV. You helped create this monster and now you are profiting from him.” — Michelle Wolf to the media
All true, diaperhead
You do realize she's talking about you right?
Even today. CNN and MSNBC has been showing clips of his vulgar rally all day. The Vulgar rally that hurts hispanics... but you all don't care how Mexicans feel hearing him on the channel you work  for.
cheeto breath can agree to that....
This comment is why MSM is pretending to be pissed off about Michelle’s jokes about Sanders. It’s This. Not That.
You know why you are upset, Mr. Donut tower, because she is completely correct. You and your other @CNN co-workers are responsible for this.
Your voice helped trump immeasurably 
You’re at CNN as a result
You enriched trump & yourself
Stop the ‘I’m so insulted by Michele Wolf’ bullshit.
Your likability is as high as Congress
And she was 100% correct!
That's actually the best thing you've written in a while and it should give people at that dinner pause. NO one, seemed to hip check or fact check Donald @realDonaldTrump  when he ran. CNN's Head said it was so bad 4 the nation but good for his bottom line!  YEESH!
Haven't we all memorized this by now? And yet every day, media continues with their favorite narrative (that lets them off the hook): economic anxiety.
sure as hell enabled your weekly Hillary bashing
Is that what triggered you?
The truth hurts.
And she isn't wrong. Deal with it.
She is right. The press would not call a lie a lie.  They normalized him. Trump played them. But it's okay because they won the ratings game. The press needs to step up and take responsibility for their role in getting this imbecile elected.
Physician, heal thyself.
I love how insulted Sarah Sanders was, she stands on that podium every day and insults America with her lies,  defenses and her demeanor towards the press, yet we complain when it was done to her. There were no lines in the sand at the WHCD
She was referring to journalists like you.
Absolutely correct
@CillizzaCNN you know you’re included in that statement, right?
She meant EXACTLY YOU. And Haberman. And Dowd. And every NYT political reporter for 30+ years. 
Find the truth and report it and stop chasing sensationalism. Please. Our DEMOCRACY is at stake.
Please, we're begging for our lives.
The obscenity of this joke is that it’s absolutely true.
The Truth kind of smarts doesnt Chris..
including Chris Cillizza
CNN showed empty Trump rally podiums while @SenSanders was giving rallies to thousands of people. @michelleisawolf is correct
Look in the mirror buddy.

The irony of you posting this is over whelming.
The press & MSM are smarting this morning because they were singled out as aiding & abetting Trump in the lead up to the election and rightly so. You guys created the false equivalency that enabled this diabolical fiasco & are still profiting from it. Get over yourselves!
And that is what you call a bullseye!
She’s right and she’s talking about you too!
Agreed, the honesty of this statement speaks volumes
Ahhhh...
Maggie
I would be curious to see 45's reaction if ALL news outlets did not mention him in any form (TV, radio, podcasts, newspapers, etc) for 1 week. It would scare him & the GOP. You guys have the power  to undo this mess...use it.
Truth truth truth all day long
Michelle Wolf nailed it. She hasn't forgotten that the media was in the tank for #Trump and neither should we.
#LiberalMediaMyAss #LiberalMediaMyEye
How many articles (regurgitated and otherwise) did you PERSONALLY write about emails, just for the sake of mentioning emails. And somehow you sit at a roundtable. She was talking to you.
Sounds legit.
And especially you
I'm sure the folks at @FoxNews etc won't hear this part
And they still rely on Clinton Derangement Syndrome to get attention. Right, Chris?
She’s on target. Bullseye, Michelle
She ain’t lyin
 accurate
Did she use your name? Cause that describes you to a tee
She is absofuckinglutely right.
I have often thought the same thing.. You all are getting rich and famous while America suffers. A blue wave is coming.. Can't you see it.
If the foo shits, Chris....
@JWGOP so did that cause any self-reflection or
Hard to argue her point
She was so right.
Well Chris, you know it is the truth.
No truer words.
She’s right
Unfortunately true
True.
Yup.
It was brutal but this part was so true
She was on the money
True DAT
Truth right there like we've never heard it
She’s not lying.
Remember when CNN would show Trump campaign rallies from well before they started until well after they finished and then we would get clips from Hillary’s rallies? Yeah I sure remember that.

There is no way around this point. We will be relieved but bored when he's gone.
I’ll take bored any day over this

But oh so true... The media covers trumps bs incessantly. I only watch @Lawrence @maddow @JoyAnnReid @chrislhayes & a few others that actually call a lie a lie, the others like @CNN I pay no attention to.
Add @NicolleDWallace to the list. She calls all the absurdity out too. Love her.
YES! There are more ppl, both hosts & guests on @msnbc than any other station calling out the trump bs. @NicolleDWallace is definitely one!
I also appreciate how Nicole is one of few who hasn’t jumped on the ‘poor SHS’s...Michelle was so awful to her’ bandwagon.
The word is true.
There is NO EXCUSE for @michelleisawolf
I think that was a set up to the joke, give some money to Trump bc we all know he doesn't have any! Lol It's a J.O.K.E ffs! D@mn ppl, laugh!
And you proved her right. Sold your fairness and balance for access. #opinionjournalist
Holy shit what a self-own Chris
Thoughts?
Yeah buddy.
It's True! Apparently the @whc does not like truth. Only profit and personal fame.
Your point being?
Well, she's not wrong.
Truth.
She spoke the truth
so true, and I think this line is why everyone in the media is throwing a hissy fit!
Yes.  And? Where is the lie?
She spoke the truth.
I hope you weren't trying to illicit pity cuz...yeah...no. #acceptit #fixit
Now you can’t handle the truth lol @michelleisawolf is the queen of roast
She was right
There are 3 monsters in our great country. DemocRATs, FAKENEWS, Hollywood.
You are one of the worst offenders.  Would be nice if this tweet means you are actually doing some self-reflection that is sorely needed by you and your colleagues.  I doubt it though.
And she was exactly right
Just read your analysis on her performance.  You said she bullied SHS.   How is calling out her lies being a bully?   @michelleisawolf said to her face what you guys should be calling her out on daily.   Get it together @CNN
Yep.  She's exactly right.


But..? Where's the "oops! Upon closer perusal content, I see the joke was not about SHS's 'physical appearance, and so forth' at all." 
I'll wait...
This is the most honest thing you've ever reported on, Chris.
so true.....best statement of the night....
Guilt! Their complicity in pushing 45 and his BS agenda from inception has their backs up . A hit dog will holler! 
TRUMP IS RIDICULOUS AND CNN IS NO BETTER.
Truth hurts.
Yup this is why folks are all in they feelings she didn't spare anybody!  #shedidherhomework #y'alldidnot #NOLIESTOLD
It's been two years and the media can't stop feeding off of the sensationalism. And their audience neebles on their crumbs. Americans love sugary foods and that's what corporate news gives them - easy to chew candy.
And you stand guilty AF! #Guilty #MediaFail
Thank you, Michelle Wolf!  You did your job and we expect the national news media to do theirs, and continue to expose the wannabe fascist crime family that occupies our White House and is wrecking our government.
The right-wing fascists!!!!
