The White House Correspondents’ Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night!
She did a better job of speaking truth to power than the wailing sycophants.
There was a snowstorm in DC last Sat. night. Since the campaign, the MSM has given Trump special dispensation. They (and you, Chris) have not done their jobs. They are the self-righteous insiders they swear to the public they are not.
And she was edgy and funny. If you want a ‘come together’ moment, hire James Taylor.
Correct.

Like you're a political activist and partisan, not a journalist.

At least she admits what she is.
Trump insults everyone viciously all the time and is a wimp he can't take it...but he can't...he is the president and children are watching him and following his lead - MIchelle Wolf is a comedian and nobody is following her lead.  Trump should be ashamed of himself.
You’re not a journalist either
Trump doesn't have a sense of humor
How could be after @erictrump and @DonaldJTrumpJr were born?
He can dish it out but he can't take it
He is too childish
So he Wont take it like a man
Baby man
Changing your tune @CillizzaCNN?  24 hrs ago you were saying @michelleisawolf went too far.  If you're wondering, yes, you became part of the problem.
You’re a clown. Not a journalist.
Remember when he called women “fat pigs” & said his accusers were too “ugly to rape?” This is what you’ve normalized. Oh — and he still has commented on the Waffle House - unarmed black hero
Ever get the feeling that you're totally losing?
If that's the case, why make her a part of the WHCD, you dolt?  You mainstream "types" are abject failures.  You have been WRONG about everything, and you hate Trump personally.  The lack of civility and the crassness your "industry" embraces is evidence of your moral bankruptcy.
^Blah blah blah....said the man.
I disagree, sir.  Journalists have set the tone in this country and have lowered expectations for decorum.  You are a big part of the problem (not to mention it was your platform and invitation on Saturday).
sad that a comedian is the only one in that room with the spine and the stones to tell the truth while the cameras were rolling.
Both words are 3 syllables or more.  Trump might not know what they mean.
Cadet bone spurs, the bully in chief loves to dish it out but his fragile ego sure can’t take it
Maybe shut up about Saturday night and talk about true journalists that were killed in Kabul
I think he was referring to your fake news and how you cover things which face it is onesided and biased. I for one do not believe a word you say for I know better and please get real.
Media is FAKE NEWS and this doesn’t help!!! Chris call ur office!!! Clapper is in trouble
She was hired by a group of journalists to represent them. What do you call that then?
True enough.  But for once #realDonaldTrump is on to something.  WHCD has jumped the shark
No, she’s a shi+-talker, big difference.
And yet she showed more backbone and conviction in one evening than I’ve seen any American journalist show in the past year and a half.
@CNN defended Wolf again today...#FakeNewsCNN
Hmm, I don't think that was a speech. It was a comedic interpretation of reality.  Which was spot on.
Her show gets better tweet by tweet
@realDonaldTrump We are where we are because of DT and his daily degrading  rants, name-calling and lying. It’s Donald trump who should apologize.
Sit behind your CNN desk you wimpy, spineless punk weasel, wish you would talk smack to people's faces
I don't care anymore the fake outrage is just too much.
Our country is in a very bad place & many prominent journalists are falling into Trump's trap for access and favorable ratings. 

I don't care about them sucking up to Trump & Sarah. I want truth and accountability from journalists & the White House.

Democracy dies in Darkness!
No doubt about it she was horrible.
POTUS comments aptly describe his campaign rallies.
24 hours later & Chris grew a pair. Who knew?
Still chipping away at the ham.
So not a bully?
Maybe she should try being a journalist because as a comedian she's not up to snuff. A comedian can get away with ridiculing a woman's make-up and calling them a pathological liar, but only if the material is good and delivered well. Neither was the case here.
I don't think "bullying" means what you think it means.
But "journalists" shared their platform and gave her a mic and laughed at and applauded her remarks...so...in this instance you are making a distinction without a difference
SO SHE DESERVES A PLATFORM DURING THAT EVENT?
U DISHONEST SO CALLED JOURNALISTS R SO DESPERATE...IM ENJOYING WATCHING U PATHETICS HYPERVENTILATE...
But that’s as deep as his base goes - they follow their Pied Piper - everything else is “fake” - just as long as his fools don’t take all of US down to drown at end of the “brand” path!
Some of Wolf's jokes were in bad taste, but Trumpy deserves all the criticism he gets. He is a super bully, and I hate bullies. I recall on Ash Wednesdays in my childhood, as a Catholic kid in purely Protestant Sweden, the kids were ruthless--'Coal Miner's Son' or 'Truffle Pig'
For a dead event, that room seemed packed to me

Just like Trump is a comedian and not a president!!!!
But she was hired by the organization that represents journalist and they knew what she was going to say. There is zero credibility anymore that the media isnt biased. They might as well write for themselves bc thier work holds no weight.
Not a comedian neither, she is an embarrassment
She’s not funny so not a comedian. You and your network spew lies and hate so not a journalist or news organization. Plenty of facts to back up both assertions.
Thanks for this, Chris
@cnn=PLEASE fire this amoral hack.

PLEASE.
No, fake news was alive and well and beautifully represented Saturday night...In Washington, Michigan.
Yea @michelleisawolf could never be a journalist. She’s tells it like it is and not afraid of any retribution
You can say that.  I can even perhaps agree.  Optics matter though, and this sure looks like a bunch of journalists inviting someone to be an ass to the guests.  Not a good look.
She was speaking at your dinner. I am sure, based on your constant mocking of the president that you found it it be very funny.
So it is the White House Comedian’s Dinner?
And her sheer presence and performance at the event shows what the press is about.  Whca endorsed her by having her there.  Done deal
But there were hundreds of fake news journalists there.
... who journalists hired.

Does Chris not know how this works?

So, if the RNC hired a comedian to speak who did a riff on how all journalists should be herded into railroad cars he'd draw no connection?

Either Chris is incredibly stupid or he thinks everyone else is.
Likes to be non PC until it is about him. Poor guy.
She was just saying what a majority of us are thinking at this point. She may have crossed the line a few times, but this adminstration has been living on the wrong side of the line since day one. We need more people like Michelle Wolf!
He is referring to the way that #FakeNews covered Saturday Night's event.
Maybe if he had the balls to show up, it'd return to the way it was for many, many years before this. But his skin is too thin and he can't handle the heat. There's no way he'd last through a roast. Why? Because he can't laugh. And he sure as hell can't laugh at himself.
Watching you change your positions constantly is giving me whiplash. Better just to avoid reading your stuff at all.
Are you trying to correct to a self proclaimed genius? A "like really smart" "genius"?
A media dumb enough to put Wolf in such a prominent role also is dumb enough to think they can get away with "Fake news."  Dinner is done (until the next Obama). Funny part is Chris now refers to Fake News as something that exists.

#WHCD @kathygriffin @michelleisawolf #HoldMyBeer 
Hmm but you called her a bully yesterday. And while were at it, she did a better job of holding truth to power than y'all.
So in America it's come to this...the comedians, like @michelleisawolf, to call out the liars in the White House. The DC press has been outed as White House enablers.
She epitomized the mindset and attitude of the mainstream media that has totally been hostile to this administration from day one. Fake News is an accurate monicker you richly deserve!
Aren't comedians suppose to be funny?

No civility is required of comedians?
Trump is right and you should know- you are fake News
I think you're assuming he knows the difference
Thank you
No, she's not.
Didn't CNN and Jake Tapper literally get an award for "Fake news" ???

Isn't it a prerequisite for being a comedian to be funny ???
I really didn't hear much humor
Journalists laughing at lies and trash is the fake news. You all fake being unbiased. Be ashamed of yourselves and do better.
Fake News is Trump’s Sieg Heil.
He's am idiot.
Comedians are supposed to make you laugh. Nothing she said was funny.
Has anyone reminded Trump of the degrading things he has said and continues to say about dozens and dozens of people and groups? He has normalized disgusting behavior and is wholly unqualified to be POTUS.
Had everything to do with it. Enablers !!!!!!
calling what Michelle Wolf did Saturday night comedy is a stretch.  If she would have said similar things about Michelle Obama, the third-wave feminists would be calling for her head ... but Sarah Sanders ... Crickets ...
She did great. It's the DC press that failed us.
Why does the whcd want a comedian to represent them?
"Why do people want to be entertained!!?"
Maybe he's talking about his own rally
