He can call in weekly. Ideally when he’s on a bender.
Why not make it weekly, even daily? That would be fun.
Now that could be must see TV, at least until he is removed from office.
Seems like a fine use of POTUS time. However he does put his foot in it so....
A guaranteed monthly train wreck!
As president, surely he has better things to do. He needs to retire so he can get his fill of TV & leave us all alone.
Yay!! Meltdown haha
Awwww CNN isn’t the favored outlet...

https://www.mediaite.com/online/secret-service-disputes-allegation-that-ronny-jackson-banged-on-female-colleagues-door/amp/?__twitter_impression=true …
I wish it was daily.  The impeachment would begin before June...
OMG! From your mouth to Gods ear! I would love to watch the impeachment on TV.  So keep talking trump! You’ll bury yourself all on your own!
I hate it and love it. Let him get himself in more trouble. But that's not how an actual President should behave. Ugh.
Whatever happened to the President addressing the nation, informing all of us what was on his mind, what he intended to do, and how he was going to proceed?
News outlets like the New York Times say, in spite of the rocky relationship with the press, the he is one of the most accessible presidents in recent history.
Nope...I'm not going to say it.
Is she going to be next CoS?
What a perverted version of the "Fireside Chat" that got us through the fascist assault of the 30s.
How about weekly!??
Does this mean he thinks his insane ramblings are playing well, with his base?
Hugh Hewitt tweeted that he thought it was a great call by Trump 
Once a month digging his own Gave with his words live on TV.......go for it fool!
It goes so well he shouldn’t do daily!
Robert Mueller be like...
UGH.
Let him rant on Fox and Friends. He incriminates himself every time he tweets and opens his mouth.
The White House Show.  Look forward to these new monthly action inserts. Don’t miss an episode!
So FOX & Friends is essentially a confessional.  The irony is that the people on that show who kiss his ass are the same people who will ultimately bring him down.  He doesn’t think before he speaks.
What an idiot. Of course it will be fun watching the three of them on the couch looking horrified and uncomfortable.  I wish I was good enough to say I did not care to watch that but I do
Great!  Then legal jeopardy will become monthly. Until he’s in jail.
The first one went so well! I’m ok with a daily interview!
Great way for a @potus to leak high security information on a show that the hosts have no security clearances
Bet you're pea green with jealousy. Maybe if you were actual unbiased journalists our @Potus might throw you a bone. Doubt it, but one never knows.
Let him come one a week. No.  Every day!
The SWAMP station friendly audience. No Hard Ball
CNN is so pissed he's using another fake media outlet who's ratings blow CNN out of the water, guess Trump trying to reach a wider audience
I the fact this @POTUS drives you nuts. You should be the president of #trumpderangedsyndromeclub
More fodder for the prosecutors.......
The Fox & Friends team is practicing in front of a mirror....
After yesterday’s call @realDonaldTrump may get a busy signal. However @MichaelAvenatti will be watching with his notepad ready.
State TV
Will he buy his wife a card every month?
That would be amazing!!
Lord help us. Keep talking Donald , your words will help bring you down.
So wrong. So terrifyingly wrong. #PresidentLoco
I cannot take 2.5 more years of this.  It’s maddening. #muellertime please.
Do they even want the idiot after yesterdays embarrassment?
Omg it will track his declining mental state for all to see.
Keep it on he will hang himself. so easy
Perfect

Just can’t put down the shovel
@MichaelAvenatti   You are getting your wish. Keep wishing!
Excellent. I wonder what he will admit to next time. So many options.
Ha! Fox and Friends is gonna get an unlisted number.
@realDonaldTrump Is clueless to the damage he infects on himself. 
Jealousy will get you no where   big man. Grow a set and maybe, someday, you can obtain some relevancy.
Let. Him call!  Everyday!!

omfg
Meanwhile POTUS has not given one single mainstream media one on one interview since he has been elected except FOX non journalistic channel. What is the president afraid of ? Oh I know ... the truth !

Aren’t the American people so afraid to have a #President so full of anger & Hate #FoxAndFiends
Good

Mueller approves.
Bwahahahhahahahahahahah
Why not just move the @foxandfriends set to the white house. They are the white house press office anyway
Can’t wait - he’s his own worst enemy!!
OMG
Bypassing the MSM dummies.
Has he checked with the hosts yet? I bet they'll have the flu that day.
What @POTUS no love for us that watch @cnn or any number of outlets????? Why does he leave us out?
I doubt that Rupert Murdoch is that stupid and would allow that to happen. Trumps calls would have to be prerecorded, edited, then presented as live-to-tape, just to make him sound half sane.
@WhipHoyer  tapes? Any updates
Top 11 takeaways from GOP report;

NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION
NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION
NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION
NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION
NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION
NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION
NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION
NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION
NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION
NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION
NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION
Let him demonstrate his ineptitude, interview him.
Very much like FDR’s Fireside Chats.
Oh FFS!
For some reason "Fox & Friends" reminds me of the "Fractured Fairytales" segment of the Rocky and Bullwinkle Show
"He'll keep us guessing"?  Does Conway support Trump's behavior of being a reality TV host more than our president?  Ms. Conway, there's a reason the president has a press secretary give daily breifings, so we're not kept guessing.  Wow.
Yes yes yes
How dumb can they all be?  Go ahead....this is a good news for Mueller and  impeachment 
Set those dvrs
Hence forth known as Monthly Morning Madness.
Hey, Kellyanne, every day works, too!
#chaospresident #KellyAnnKanye
I love a good guessing game.
A monthly Christmas!
Hooray!!!! 
Do you think he could do it weekly? Then It would be easier to set my PVR to record it. I’d probably give it a high priority number on my recording list also so I would never miss a show!
Phenomenal
YES! He’ll talk his way right into prison on his propaganda TV. He is clueless.
Hopefully  the hosts are a little more interested the next time.
That interview was sad. If that is our president we are doomed.
This will be the gift that keeps giving for anyone litigating or investigating this man!
Wow he’s crazier than I thought
Don't you hope President Trump appoint Imran Awan to something? I think he should appoint Nancy Pelosi to something too and Debbie Whastername Shultz so we can get some proper reporting from @CNN!
Trump Going Full State Media With Fox & Friends. Tune In For Executive Orders & Crazy Rants. The Hugo Chavez Show 2.0
What could possibly go wrong?
And a Press Conference?

I give it a week
Wow insanity
Geezus, this is not sweeps week. This isn't "Who shot JR?" (I'm showing my age.) 
“...keep us guessing”?!? That looney wanker still thinks he’s in it for the RATINGS. #UnfitForOffice #IdiotInChief
I hope he does....its so enlightening!!
.@FoxNews needs to report the airtime they give Trump as a campaign contribution.

I’m surprised Fox would agree to that after Trump’s meltdown yesterday which truly damaged him. Fox agreeing to help him self destruct?
the younger Murdoch kids are more open to sane thinking and probably want to move the focus a bit more to center as the older crowd they built the network on dies off

What a scream. Do you think he truly doesn't understand the damage he did yesterday?
Fantastic...because even if you voted for Trump, his on air rants should help you see he’s completely unhinged.
needs someone to vent too
The segment will be called “Old Man Shouts Into the Phone” Alternate segment title rejected “Get Off My Lawn”
He wishes. Melania isn't having it. 
Jealous  ?????
Because people having manic episodes describe them as 'productive'...
Great—-more rants
@MichaelAvenatti your dream come true!
Isn’t there something inherently inappropriate about this? One network? Juicing ratings? Oh please makes the insanity stop. @KellyannePolls @POTUS
Yesssss! This is going to be great! You can’t fix stupid!
This too will get nornalized!
Great! With that big mouth he will be out of office in no time!


FOX is the Trump Channel
you guys seem upset.  Are you going to be ok?  Im worried about Brian
Awesome!
Yeah can’t wait
oh good more rants and they need to give grandpa his pills
How many more calls until he actually has a psychotic episode live on the air? I cant wait.
Maybe he has phones stashed all over so when they take away one he has a backup. He was shouting as if they trying to take the phone out of his hand. #Felonious45 the narcissistic nincompoop
Oh, goody...
All great dictators should show some love to their propaganda machine. I’m sure his lawyers are overfilled with joy. Also, QUIT WATCHING FOX NEWS!!!#MakeAmericaSmartAgain
What a clown.
I don't think the president has come in a long time.
I don't watch anything Fox, so when I first heard of "Fox & Friends", I seriously thought it was a kids show, like Sesame Street.
Trump puppets so you were close.
The gift that keep on giving. Hopefully he keep digging that hole so deep he can’t get out. 
Today
Between Fox and Twitter the message is resonating. 

From your tweet I have a sense of jealousy that you would never admit publicly. 

Just between us, is it so Chrissie?
He should call every day. The more this jerk off runs his mouth the easier it will be to send him on his way

AMERICA IS AN EMBARRASSMENT TO THE WORLD THIS LAST YEAR. THANKS TO EVERYONE WHO VOTED FOR TRUMP!
Keep us guessing...that's just great.
Confirmation this administration does not recognize the office of President to be a serious, respected position.
The gift that keeps on giving
All networks other than Fox really need to hire commentators who are psychiatrists.
The President  @realDonaldTrump  is bringing Sexy  BACK to 
@foxandfriends.
If he does that he won’t have any lawyers left in about 4 months!
His monthly appearances on faux will speed up the impeachment process considerably...Brilliant idea! #PassThePopcorn #TickTock
The only network the treats him fairly and doesn’t hate him
Doubt he will allow straight and difficult a question or statement to be asked. More likely will have script sent over day before so he can practice how to respond.
Terrific! More rants!
He should do it daily. I’m sure Mueller would be interested.
These are great for fox and friends ratings
Good, so he’ll keep hanging himself on national TV. Works for me!
Let me know when he is calling in next so I can have my popcorn ready.
He’ll keep us guessing- oh boy oh boy oh boy, how terribly exciting!  What a queen he is 
From Leavenworth?
When I listened to his 30 minute rant yesterday I was incredulous that this man is leader of the free world. You can even sense the discomfort of the Fox hosts. He must be seriously insecure to spew the nonsense he did yesterday..
Please remind @RealDonaldTrFan that May is merely days away.  Thank you.

Trump And Michael Cohen's Lawyers...

The hosts of the show have about 30 days to work on their poker faces.
The gift that keeps giving
his F&F enablers were chringing even though this lunatic is making them famous.
Go ahead!! Let him do this every day!! He gets himself in more trouble every time!!
Can't he make it weekly ?  He's not that busy !!
Oy ...
I say up it to weekly;It's not as if he has anything else to do.The more he rambles,the better.
You know what would be nice? A real press conference with real  reporters following up on his cra cra. This administration has done a great job protect him from answering questions from the American people.
This is a must see, and as you watch this, pray for our Country. Trump thinks he deserves an A+ for everything he's doing. Do you?
President Trump calls into 'Fox & Friends'
I'm cool with that...
State Media
He's using Fox and Friends as his own "Fireside Chat" but much less eloquent...
My guess is it will be the exact same transcript. No matter what the news of the day is.
Donald Trump’s Greatest Hits! For 9.99 you’ll get:
- Electoral College Win
- That Map Was So Red and Beautiful
- Biggest Inauguration Crowd Ever
- I Don’t Even Know That Woman
- No Collusion Polka
- The FBI Are Out to Get Me
- Shouldna Recused
- Fake News Waltz
That'll be great for SDNY and Robert Mueller!!
That sound you are hearing is Rudy Giuliani screaming into his pillow.
Yep, and he's been doing it for decades 
Omg, so he actually thinks his call in yesterday went well?!? delusional!!!
State Television.

#FoxNews = #FakeNewsMedia #FakeNews
Hard pass on listening to that incoherent rant!
If I want to listen to old guys ranting & raving abt conspiracies, I can just ride the subway. Silver lining is that I would at least be going somewhere. Staying home to watch F&F awkwardly listening to Trump is a nonstarter for me.
So a new comedy show on FOX this season?
There is not enough popcorn in the world for this.
The country is stuck on stupid and many dont care, because they are stupid themselves and relate to this.
Hopefully weekly.
I don't watch Fox & Friends. It's just not a respectable & honorable news outlet. Having @realDonaldTrump on it regularly is making it filthy.
Daily calls and he'd be behind bars in a month
Maybe they’ll take his calls from jail. 
got to keep that trumpaganda bs going.. he thinks he’s the supreme leader
He pretty much covered the gamut yesterday including the freaking electoral college numbers agaiiiiiiinnnn...so he's just gonna call and ramble and bitch aimlessly for half an hour about the same 5 topics?? I actually saw horror and pain on those Fox faces. 
Chris is gonna be a mess when Trump wins Nobel
Good. The Trump presidency will be over by Autumn.
Trump said he considered calling into @NewDay but he actually wants people to hear what he's saying.
There's peace in Korea and this is all you can write about cc @brianstelter
So once a month I’m going to force myself to watch Fox! He honestly thinks he was brilliant yesterday doesn’t he?
Oh boy, fun for everyone 
