I’m afraid all the debate over whether Michelle Wolf was too mean to Sarah Sanders is going to overshadow this juicy bit of media criticism in her #whca monologue: 
Because it hurts your feelings?
It does make sense, but Who is she and who cares what she says. She’s obviously not a comedian!
Truth!
True insight from Cilizza? A first for everything
This line was one of the best of Wolf’s comments because all of media is to blame for Trump. All of media gave him much, much more publicity than he deserved.
A prez candidate should be ignored by the press?  #JournalismIsDead
Agreed!!
This and Flint. Which is what *actually* got missed among the consternation
And what do we do with this info? How do we not let this happen again?
She is and was 100 % right ! especially @cnn and @maggieNYT
That remark of hers is beside the point. Most media outlets cover Trump because what he says and does is relevant. When that also sells papers and drives up ratings, that‘s good, because it helps pay for it all. But it’s not WHY we do it (most of us anyway).
Oh really? Tell us why Chris.
The CNN Zucker Monkeys band together to repaint last night into a picture of democratic bliss.  Thanks for the 5% republican bump as we head into the midterms.
Doubling down now on humiliating @PressSec will only strengthen us.  CNN is Fake News 
@brianstelter @ChrisCuomo
Michelle is absolutely right about this. CNN gave Trump billions in free airtime, more than any other candidate.
And oh so true.
Yes, but I think a good comedian can make their target laugh along with the crowd.  She clearly didn’t do that.
She wasn't there for that..
Clearly.
So is this your way of explaining why you rarely write anything of substance about Trump?
Move that question mark ahead two words.
Haha
And it is the reason why the media is attacking her on false pretences. @cnn @brianstelter @ChrisCuomo
My favorite  too...because it was so accurate...as is keep playing  pieces of his rallies.. it's  like here we go again  2020... And it sucks
Speech? It was a comedy bit. She’s a comedian, duh. She doesn’t give speeches.
Glorified Bullying with a mob mentality. You people think it’s DJT is convincing teus not to like the media. You have it wrong. We do not like the media because they lie, twist stories, are bias, push propaganda, not objective and are no longer free Elites thinking we are stupid!
This. @realDonaldTrump is the #media ‘s addiction! Hiding behind “he’s a sitting president” to justify this catnip.  they need an intervention
It wasn’t the one where she mentioned how Flynt, Michigan still doesn’t have clean water. You know, something that actually matters. Btw. Wasn’t Trump in Michigan last night. Guess he didn’t think it was important either.
Print out that monologue and paste it on your bathroom mirror to look at every morning.
For me it was "Flint still does not have clean water"
As it should have been- she was speaking to you
This is true....we are all watching the new Soap Opera...”Days of  Trump’s Lies”
It was true. Press outrage might be subconscious guilt.
Have you ever noticed that everytime Ppl pick on the guy I'm wearing it's always about his funny orange color & white eye circles, or his little danty hands, or blimp like butt features, but they never pick on me? And I'm a mess! A beautiful mess, but a mess nontheless! Hmm?
She seems really funny.....NOT!
Only when they play the pivot game.
Finally someone said it. Kids are dying in Flint bc of horrible water. People are dying in Puerto Rico because they don't have power. American citizens but let's get better ratings using our train wreck of a president. The media is a horrible child which loves money and ratings
She seems like one of those mean girls in junior high. It was unprofessional in that venue.  Maybe she made some valid points, however, cruelty wasn’t necessary....an American thing, I guess.
SLIME BALL COMMENTS ABOUT WOMEN THAT WORK 4 PRESIDENT TRUMP SHOWED THE TRUE COLORS OF THE PRESS, CRAPPY BROWN. TRY THIS COMIC ROUTINE ON  PRES. OBAMA.
GENIUS!
it's about you, chris
It was SPOT ON! The media’s responsible for first fawning over, then fanning, and now constantly fuming about Trumpism.The mirror was shined upon their guilty faces.  Do your job, media. Confront Trump, Sarah, Kellyanne and everyone else who lies, offends and hurts our democracy.
Dems are back peddling now.  Too late
#Michelleisawolf view on the MSM is correct buuuut....for there to be ratings, there also must be an audience. All complicit. What to do to counteract the current celebrity/realitytv/shock jock/consumerist culture permeating (western?) society?
Remember Trump even bragged he didn't have to spend much on advertising bcuz the news networks were giving him free air time.
Right??? Thought that really hit home!
It wasn’t a ‘speech‘. It was a comedy routine. Theres. A. Difference.
Welcome to the Resistance Chris.

Now, do better please.
Shes talking to you Chris.   You're a joke.
Definitely. I agree 100 percent.
“Important “ lol
So this was a “speech?”
Bravo @CillizzaCNN, you win the price for hearing the hidden gem of truth.
Did you understand it? Do you need someone to explain it to you?
By the end of summer 2015, it was all him all the time on your network (which was the only one I watched) dueling campaign events ?!? Didn’t matter, you were only going to show his. I cut back on how much I watched and now rarely do.  Cuomo is the only one I still follow
Hit the nail on the head!
You’re as much of a sleazeball as that so called comedienne
...swell, so it's all the fault of the press?
Then why don’t you take her thoughts to heart and stop giving Trump’s shenanigans and supporters so much airplay? Try REALLY talking to those of us out here in the majority who are disgusted by Trump/GOP every single day.
Were you the fat kid always picked last in school?
She was brutally honest AND funny throughout the whole ROAST.  All this feigned outrage rings hollow when it's the "mean people" being outraged.
Maybe Crooked should have done more interviews. Trump was an open book while Crooked hid in the woods #MAGA
Second only to Flint water problem continues with little national media coverage.
Speech? I agree that Trump has elevated all your bottom lines but you calling this a speech is very ignorant!
Right. Need a few thousand of your colleagues to own this one. Witting, albeit dimwitted, accomplices.
Yes it was. A comedian was brave enough to say it to your faces. Bravo. Now let’s see if anyone listened. @michelleisawolf
When Chris Cillizza does better than Maggie Haberman.
People can be real shits on Twitter. Ignore the haters @CillizzaCNN .
I agree you Chris. The media made trump.
That should hit really close to home. Does it?
The real question, will she be invited back???
Did you have a moment of self reflection before commencing the Kabuki theater?
I thought bullying was????  Excuse me
Yeah, her humor cut both ways. ..that is lost on many this morning.
I think it was this: “Flint Michigan still doesn’t have clean drinking water.” 
Priorities, priorities.
Hey Chris,
Hey @CNNPolitics,
Remember when all you could talk about were HRC’s emails, so I’m wondering, did you use to date Trump? But kudos to you for the moral self-distance now 
yet you take zero responsibility for the fact that you guys in the media elevated him.  I find it unbelievable that most of the stories of his corruption came out AFTER he was elected.  Why is that ? Bc he was safely elected and now you can make even more $ covering the chaos.
Lolololololol..

Actually it was Flint still doesn't have water
Our elites are imbeciles.
and just who made them "elites"? Then, who are the imbeciles?
Speech. So when I am going to a comedy show, I’m going to a speech? She was true to her comedy.
@farhip YES
Just watched Ms Wolf, enjoyed it.  Favorite part was watching for the capital C prudes pucker up and fan themselves like Gone With The Wind actors.
I absolutely agree with this comedian. Shame on u CNN and MSM for breathing life into this monster with constant coverage during elections and now for RATINGS!!! You’re running America for your own gains, NOT different from Trump!!!
All of journalists deserved to be called out. You’d rather show faux outrage over every trump not new news. While you continue to not report on the real human rights abuses happening right now. Hard hitting journalism. It’s all about the
Stop not funny 

But #FakeNews says it is.....
i thought her last line was best "and flint still doesn't have clean water"
Imagine if it was your wife being disparaged then what’s most important ?
Might explain all the faux outrage from the media this morning. Trump (the fucking POTUS!) can do his ‘enemy of the state’ thing because it’s so outrageous. Stings when they hit close to home. Truth hurts.
And it is exactly why he will get reelected in 2020.
Wholeheartedly agree
Exactly, who wants to buy Eric?! 
So you back michelle wolf?  Please answer.
This really should have been directed at cnn more than anyone else
So Chris are you and CNN finally going to acknowledge the role that you played in his campaign? America is waiting.
She was correct for calling out the media for what CBS Chairman Les Moonves said during the election, stating Donald Trump “may not be very good for America, but he’s damn good for CBS.” and “So what can I say? The money’s rolling in, this is fun,” https://theintercept.com/2016/02/29/cbs-donald-trump/ …  #WHCD
By continuous coverage media gave DT he was given a massive platform without financial cost. 
idk, His appalling words, actions & opinions were being replayed constantly.  
Bullies took over. They have a leader in the president of the US.
Really was an important line, followed up at least 1 practical step how to wean off the Trump crackpipe...by not giving @KellyannePolls any more air time as if "todays the day she comes around!" Good tv? but we all know she's a hopeless liar so can we not?
Spot on
I repeat my question here: Did you have an “ah ha” moment when she said that?
Yes this was excellent but obscured by her crass vulgarity
I'm torn with calling it vulgar.   If you list all of this white houses dirty deeds, all of them from gorsuch, to immigration,  Roy moore, so much craziness going on in our country, ....was she really?   Or are we being lazy and forgetting we are in dangerous times?
It's amazing this administration can lie and bully people but a comedian can't rougher feathers.
Again, she was speaking directly to you Chris.
I hope that line causes you some self-reflection. You're as guilty of that as anyone in that ballroom last night. You lower the level of discourse daily with your inane "takes."
Ditto
I agree that her comment, that the press made trump the monster he is, was the eye-opening point of her speech. The one piece of truth that will hopefully make journalists take a big step back for self-analysis, on how they cover the traitor in chief. #ProtectTheFirst
That was a joke, attacking shs was personal. Ask one of your fake followers to explain the difference to you
Wolf had more courage to confront Sanders than 95% of the media that covers her everyday.

Thoughts and prayers to the GOP victims of cruel @michelleisawolf. I only hope they can pull together the pieces of their shattered lives and get back to the good work of cutting taxes for the rich.
Agreed. I thought she was spot on.
You're absolutely right on this. Well done for hi-lighting.  

Also, entirely inconsistent with claiming for the Billionth and one time that CNN and your fellow contemporary journalists don't root for one side. 

#WHCD #alwaysbebiased #nevercompromise #MSMmakesUSDhatenotpeace
Well, it should not have been her most important line. Her most important line was the last one, "Flint is still without clean water!"
Amen. Media self-absorption trumps the public good.
The most impressive line was the last what abt flint Chris and Brian do you and your kids have clean water!!!
You're the epitome of a Trump carnival barker, and I'm pretty sure you acknowledge that - so why would that line stand out to you.

I think y'all are just trying to reclaim power where ever you can find it. Sad.
We all try like he'll not to become our parents but still do. The press claims they're not like Trump...but they are.
Agree -media is responsible- for the most part and for some@they decide what we hear see n discuss —thank goodness some of us read critically
Why is everyone trying to protect @PressSec like she is fragile and can’t take care of herself. How disrespectful. She has to go out and promote @realDonaldTrump liesveverfay, I think she is strong enough to handle a joke.
not sure it was really a 'speech' exactly..
So I guess you were ok with Wolfs disgusting display of bullying ???
The media did help Trump get the nomination by the way they covered him during the primaries. They used him to get ratings and didn’t really give other candidates a chance.
so now you have no excuse
Sanders, Spicer and entire administration are bullies and liars to reporters everyday, so it goes both ways.
The free press existed before trump & hopefully they’ll come out unscathed on the other side of him.
But, he’s the most saturating @POTUS for all the worst reasons. A potus will always be reported on, but the constant lies & zero dignity behavior will never be normal; exposure.

Ever take a good look in the mirror? She's talking about you, you Dingus Egg
Agreed.
The MSM is the enemy of the American people
I want to find out if CNN conspired with the Clinton campaign to assure Donald a Trump won the GOP nomination. Wikileaks does show Clinton specifically wanted Trump to win that nomination, and CNN regularly was fed with leaks from Dems.
And no one seems to care about where @michelleisawolf seemed to say she would bone @jaketapper Is he going to figure in one of those sexiest men alive list now? And why not you?
Are you actually reflecting on this or just basking in the glow of the world you’ve helped set on fire with your “10 Reasons Trump is SO Alpha” listicles?  I’m sure you’ll soon choose integrity over those 8 figures.
It should be Chris. Your employer is one of those key players responsible for his election. You covered his every fart while providing zero coverage of Hillary outside of her emails. Congrats?
by important do you mean true? Show everybody by not being a creepy Trump admirer
Agree.
It wouldn't have gotten talked about by anyone in media even if she didn't joke about Sarah Huckabee Sanders, it hits too close to home and none of you want to admit it
CNN during campaign was ATAT= all trump all the time/ Wolfe calling out msm was spot on
Agreed, brother
So when are you going to send Trump some money?
#facts
But, Trump gives everyone no choice but to expound on him. It's called PR.
Cillizza... my dude... you epitomize what she’s talking about
Email money transfer is on the way.
There were no important lines by that comedian. She was cruel.
Yes!
It illustrates the fake news media perfectly.
This is the least shitty opinion you have ever posted Chris. Congrats

I don’t know, “It’s like a me too that worked out” was pretty great.
@jfrumkin @CillizzaCNN
i would have pegged you more for the "graphic abortion joke" kinda guy #WHCD
Unfortunately it flew over the heads of her critics
Other than Flint still doesn’t have clean water
Thank you!!
Absolutely!!!
Try to remember that when you want to write your piece about how Michelle Wolf is Hillary Clinton's fault.
Ya think? Try taking this to heart.   You’re *exactly* what she’s talking about.
It wasn’t a speech, it was a comedy routine.
