Sarah and kelly did not seem amused. Why can’t trump fans take a joke?
How many Malibus in are you?
Will CNN be doing fake CNN man-on-the-street interviews with your cameraman again?

The Banana News Network
So did my prom date. Of course, that was in 1974.
America isn’t watching
I have not seen Ana Navarro  ,  did she attend?!
Did you see @ThisShowStinks or @BonnieBerko ?
This self-congratulatory dinner is about as relevant to the American people as the Oscars or the Emmies.  Oh and it is not funny.  Surprised Kathy griffin wasn’t there to pile on and add to the ad hominem character attacks - which are not comedy.
Wow. So much fake news and bias in one place!
Please tell me that's not a black tie with a dark blue suit.
You look awesome Chris!! Love the glasses... Thanks for all your hard work and excellent reporting!!
@CillizzaCNN ..goofy UGH you’re soooooooooooo OBNOXIOUS
Doing your best @mikeymusto impersonation? #EPICFAIL
Cool Chris! 
Can’t wait to hear your thoughts on Wolf!
This should be the cover of your next book.
I expected a monocle.
Hey @CillizzaCNN did you support that vulgar performance
weirdo!
@CNN This back slapping, self-congratulating fiasco should be history now that “progressives” have made it a vile, abusive and opportunity to bully those with differing opinions.
Look in’ good!
You might want to fix that picture. I thought I was at the drive-in.
You look great, Chris!
You’re not a journalist or a correspondent you’re a one sided opinion
With matching glasses.
What is something Americans care nothing about?
That’s a lot of formal material. You may be smiling but it looks uncomfortable as hell.
EVEN YOU CHRIS CILLIZZA SHOWED UP FOR THE FREE MEAL.WHO'S PAYING FOR THE DINNER? HOW MANY 1000'S ? SHOWED UP????
If it’s midnight blue, it’s not really a “tux”. Dress correctly next time, you millennial hack, or don’t pretend that you understand correct attire.
Are you gay or what?
Wow, looks like Ivanka Trump isn't the ONLY one who cleans up nice!
Wearing shoes that cost more than Tony Schiavonne’s house?
Loved Michelle Wolf!!
What happened to your monocle?

I enjoyed watching President Trumps Michigan rally more last night then the previous 9 WH Correspondents dinners combined.
See...you can do a bow tie @CillizzaCNN !!
You guys sure looked small tonight. Face it, he beat you all again!
Ohh Lace....
"Let me say for the billionth time. Journalists don't root for a side. Period!" - Chris Cillizza wearing a dark blue tux at a White House correspondent dinner after 4 months of cheering on a Blue Wave.

Bias much?
How was the food?
Beautiful ! Love this man !
LOL
1. You aren't a White House correspondent. You're an opinion columnist who portrays himself as an "unbiased" "journalist."

2. Your midnight blue tux supports that observation on top of your cry of Blue Wave for the past 4 months.
Smart media: this is a serious time, we have lost a lot of trust, let's make this years dinner a smaller less pretentious affair.
Actual media: I want a red carpet, and a designer gown! It's gonna be like the Oscars! I'm a celebrity and a journalist! Yay!
Looking good, Chris.
Yep, never let your bias go unseen
Fancy boy!
I’m no fan of yours but you look handsome. 
Loved the Tapper joke.
Based on the disposition of your bow-tie I think the world can feel pretty safe.
nice!
Really, no one gives a shit.  
#HomeSchoolPromKing
Matches your glasses 
Yes, love the glasses, I need to see if he is wearing the famous white watch that Cuomo loves hahha
So, you're an elitist?
you look good!
hey the one non jew.
What the heck Chris, you look presentable.!
I like that you chose to wear glasses
Chris...You're ready to ride the#BLUEwave
You should not have given credibility to such POTUS,who does not want face little humor once a year........
Who's your stylist, Sally Jessy Raphael?
You sexy beast!
Nice! Looking sharp
Good times!!
Well, aren't we devastatingly debonair ...
There's hope for you yet! You clean up nicely!
Very handsome
You look great, Chris!
A true blue man!! And you wear it very handsomely.
Of course you’re there: the celebration of the unholy alliance of “journalists” and the politicians they are supposed to be objective about.  An utterly shameful spectacle, as always.
I like the frames. How many different colors do you have?
Seemed pretty bad.
Initially without seeing below your brow line, I thought for sure this was Papadopoulos
I love it! You look great!
What a great set.
Blue does a better job of hiding the orgy stains.
What is KellyAnne doing?
Chris! I looked for you!!!
And you found someone to tie your tie! Well done. What colour is the watch?
Looking spiffy, Sir.
Swag.
