The White House Correspondents’ Dinner was a failure last year, but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy “comedian” totally bombed (couldn’t even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance). Put Dinner to rest, or start over!
I don't see it that way at all. @POTUS cares about our country and all of it's people. That's why he doesn't waste time at events like WHCD where he's hated. The Left is being exposed as liars, frauds, conspirators and more. @POTUS is none of that and will be last man standing.
Yeah Chris....we hadn't noticed....Please give us more of your stellar journalistic observations.....!  @CNN @MSNBC @NYTimes

No Chris you have it wrong again. That is exactly why the President did not attend, so it would not be about him!
I read the tweet. I see nothing in it about Trump. Are you dense or just plain stupid?
Someone get Trump an island where he can play President'.
Only Presidents can be filthy, I guess 
Maybe you should take some time and do a little grassroots investigation.  I truly don't think you understand the man, his followers, or his vision.  You think you do, but you really don't have a clue.
#teamwolf she did her job brilliantly
You should read his article on the WHCD and what he thought of Wolf's "performance".  It might surprise you...
I applaud your desire to be evenhanded in all this, but @realDonaldTrump has said the free press is the enemy of the American people.  He then sends @PressSec to the #WHCD knowing she’ll be savaged, and you trip all over yourself complaining about her treatment.  (1/2).
If you can be manipulated that easily, what purpose does the free press actually serve?  He’s all but said he wants to bring you to heel.  If decency is the hill you want to die on, at least do it with your eyes open. (2/2).
Wow. It used to always be about her emails and only about her emails. How times change.
Most selfish man in the world...
she did the same thing trump doe's except that is her job she might have bomb with some of her jokes but they were jokes. trump flat out mocks people and makes fun of the disabled. so talk to him and maybe when he stops so will they until them sarah, kelly-ann deserves it.
He’s sick.
Hurt grumpy trumpy’s feelings ..
Did she tell the one about grabbing pussy? That's Trumps favourite!
I wonder if he sits in his bedroom and cackles to himself about how stupid people are to believe that shit.  Nobody is so self unaware to not see that  he does that same thing regularly himself.
Chris - you didn’t attend the rally and you didn’t even watch it on tape. In your article you READ A TRANSCRIPT about the rally. And you comment on it?! That’s not good journalism sir! Shame on you!
After one sided campaign where the media would show his empty podium instead of HRC's speeches, what do you expect?  You created this monster
Except that only about 30% of Americans care.
Your tweets basically prove the same as well
Yes, and that is why I will never understand how anyone could support him.
Yeah...why doesn’t that bother people? Could it be that hubris is the true American zeitgeist...?
Narcissism on full display
Your just as bad .  Journalist like you allow his behavior . Your touching concern for SHS. If you actually listened to the words there was no attack on her appearance but just you repeated the WH /GOP narrative. If you think SHS doesn’t LIE , you need another profession .
Lol! When I saw his tweet, I thought to myself "too much attention is being paid to the comedian and not him".
Trump is so broke...
He is so self absorbed it’s sickening.
Dare I ask, but would a male comedian be so savaged by the tRombies (and others)? Bill Maher comes to mind.
And the harassment that Kathy Griffin was subjected to by the government, would, in real (read old) normal times, be a scandal in and of itself!
It’s not, but he thinks so.
Has anyone seen an actual Roast? They are nasty by nature. Then they ask a comedian to do one at an event that's highly political? What exactly do they expect? I feel sorry for the comedians. They are put in an impossible position. You have to have serious balls to do this.
It’s always about him because he’s a narcissistic nut job.
The list of things heretofore unimaginable grows: anyone actively campaigning for the Nobel Peace Prize, even without the added crassness so unique to tRump!
That’s true........and your opinion. Not facts. Your opinion.
Funny, I didn't notice he mentioned himself in that tweet at all.....?
How do you construe from this twew that "it is always about him"...?
A true narcissist
I just don’t get it Ppl make fun of my Guys looks all the time like being orange, & fat, & right down to his small hands and no one says a thing, but good lord just mention #SarahSanders name and the whole country comes unglued? He’ll make about himself somehow, trust me I know!
Says the man who did a Comedy Central Roast 
so who else would it be about? Obama was a failure and a crook and Clinton a crook and you dare to say anything about the present president? Where was your mouth on the lesser two? You do not think very well.
The next dinner should not mention Trump at all and should focus on just journalists. Trump would then complain  that he was ignored.
I don’t recall last year’s Nerd Prom (other than Trump skipped it) but it’s fair to say this year’s was a bit of a bomb. How is an arguably correct analysis “all about him?” You’re such a partisan hack you can’t cover the news objectively.
He didn’t mention himself in this tweet. Where do you get “it’s always about him” from this?
I am sure that you think that making inflammatory comments about Sander's appearance is funny. Let's see if the opposite is true. Wolf's hair was too big and very 80's. Now, as for you...Not funny is it?
Well he is the president despite what you want to believe
Yeah. That's the takeaway everyone picked up on. Trump. Not the fact that the WHCD was a hate fest.
Jealous and bitter much?
And no one else but him!
Well, it really was about him because the media and people like you have been talking about nothing else
It's like he can't help himself. For instance his comments about the Paralympics... I'm so tired about being obsessed about fungus
I know... you could care less.
That was Obama’s game.
And that's the problem... Ur okay with the verbal abuse of a women and the President not... Hmmm
Nah, I agree with Trump so that makes it us.
Trump doesn’t even have the guts to show up he can dish it out but he can’t take it he can’t even hold a press conference due to perjury considerations a complete empty suit and unfit to be president DONALD TRUMP THE GREAT AMERICAN MISTAKE
Mirror, mirror on the wall...
It was an embarrassment. It's okay Chris you can admit that. You won't get kicked out of the media if you do.
Absolutely.
Trump has a short memory. Nobody is a bigger embarrassment than himself. Google Trump at Al Smith Dinner in case anyone forgot.
Not really, try again
What's Trump 's approval rating right now compared to media!?! Get your facts straight....
If it wasn't about him, then why want him to attend
It’s the media’s hatred of Trump that led to that fiasco.
Good thing he didn't show up (again).  He might've got his widdle feewings hurt.
@realDonaldTrump was vigorous defending in #RonnieJackson
But, why no similar defense of @PressSec #SarahSanders ?
It is very curious ...
@maggieNYT @foxandfriends @JoeNBC @GloriaBorger @wolfblitzer @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump
@DanaBashCNN @LisaDNews #AlternativeFacts @hari
The @whca will obey his wishes!
Moaning about Free Meals!  Greedy B.....d!
Your tweet doesn’t even make sense.
But the problem is @michelleisawolf, right Chris?  

Un-fucking-real.
Where in this tweet did he mention himself?

You have the right to criticize all you want (albeit, that's literally all you do) but at least do it with candor. He didn't mention himself in this tweet. 

You need to check your biased "journalistic"privilege.

Grasping at straws.
Jealous that not about you, #ChiliPizza...

@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @PressSec @FoxNews @abcnews @CBSNews @NBCnews @cnn @cnni @cnnbrk @CNNOpinion @politico @nytimes @latimes @DailyCaller @DRUDGE_REPORT @CNBC @WSJ @WashingtonPost @MSNBC
"filthy" now.
You play right into his hands. Pathetic.
He is so consistently petty.
That's because @CNN is always about him and only him.  24/7 of bashing and attacking a president.   Dude give it up.  There is more to life than obsessing about the President who is doing a great job.  He wouldn't have to make it about him if you guys would stop the BS.
Your colleagues @maggieNYT and @mitchellreports started this bull shit with Michell Wolf. You participated in this now potus chimes in and you try to spin this. The hypocrisy of @CNN and colleagues is real.
Is he aware that he does this
Yes, that’s because you lot can’t help yourselves. Your pure and utter hatred for the man is bound to cause a reaction. And let’s be honest Chris, your “The Point” pieces are nothing more than smear articles. You call yourself a journalist, you are a mouthpiece for the Democrats.
And you enable that.
THE MEDIA NEEDS TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO GET OUT OF THE BOX TRUMP IS PUTTING THEM IN.  AND THEY NEED TO FIGURE THIS OUT TWO WEEKS AGO. @jayrosen_nyu maybe -- just maybe -- try standing up to him for a change.  try not using his frames for every argument.
No Chris, it’s always about Americans first and then the rest of the world. If it was about him - he would not be doing us a favor and be president. He has sacrificed so much and you give him NO credit - shame on you and the fake news
I really can’t stand it anymore, and SHS is as close as anyone not in power can get and yell, “Liar!” This has gone so far far beyond anything I could have imagined for a President. So much damage
And just when, for the thousandth time, you think it couldn’t possibly get any worse, well, you know.....!


And so called journalists such as yourself bow down to this corrupt administration!
Yo you are rightly loathed for having the editorial strength of creamed wheat, you mumbling chode.
You’ve all been talking about this lame ass dinner all day. I now realize the only people as narcissistic as Trump are members of the media.
Pres. Trump again showed his brilliance by staying far away from such a disaster!!
It was like cheap tawdry porn show!
Well in truth CNN is all about itself and you are very much a part of that. CNN is the biggest fabricator of non facts and half truths of all the Cable News Networks. All do it but CNN is on a level by themselves. No wonder, whether Dem or GOP, people believe less & less each day
In less than 2 years Donald Trump has made you lose all your credibility and that's not good if you're a journalist if No One Believes you and it's plainly obvious you're a partisan hack. My four-year-old son can tell and you can't you're ridiculous
Trump you're an embarrassment to the country
Chris it's always about you you don't give two shits about the American people you proven it for the last year and you still don't realize it you're a laughingstock to this country
Agree with Trump. We should start over and elect a qualified rational president.
Oh please  cry me a river you sheep
To be fair, it was pretty much all about him (and his people). It’s not as if he was an afterthought or footnote in a hilarious monologue about all our country’s rascally governors.
I know. This should be about you and only you.
Speaking of filthy ..... a gorilla who has unprotected sex with porn stars.
Assclown
Trump let me let your buddy tell you how it went you got s*** on and you wasn't even there
That’s right. Narcissism at its best.
@realDonaldTrump Hey “Donna” who’s the biggest snowflake now?!? #TruthHurts
And the rest of the time it’s about you. Cheers
The press would be a great service if they challenged the lies that this administration tells!!
Careful...you're starting to sound like a bully and Chris Cillizza doesn't like bullies.
That’s what he says. Actually Chris wanted to jump on the bandwagon for fear he would miss out .Kind if pathetic he didn’t listen to the actual words
...or we could put DJ to rest and start over.
All about him. And I'm okay with it so long as the world is safe from a country that no POTUS has been able to do anything about since Clinton sent them basketballs!
Headline: “Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade” - from the Failing New York Times. Also, will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May.
You’re both right.
Who cares about #45
The young preacher once threw his Bible to the floor and yelled at his associates,

 "Too many people are looking at this instead of looking at me!"

-Jim Jones 
Time Magazine, December 4, 1978, Messiah from the Midwest
1) You're delusional.
2) How is he wrong? From the little I looked into it, the dinner was a total embarressment. But I guess body shaming and fat jokes are back it! #ComedyIsBackBaby
How was his tweet all about him?? He didn’t even mention himself....#blindedbyhatred #FakeNews
Seth Meyers reference. Thanks to the 2011 WHCA, we now have a reality TV star in the White House.
Tell us again what your take was, @CillizzaCNN. Remind us how comedian @michelleisawolf bullied the inner circle of the most powerful person on the planet.
Now he is trying to act like a journalist again. Where was Cillizza’s concern about statements about KA, she was called for her lies too. Chris not paying attention, thought it was all about eyeshadow
@CillizzaCNN First you take Trump’s side and now you attack him on this. Which is right?  Or are you just doing what @michelleisawolf said and profiting by propping him up?  Better rethink what effect the thousands of free hours more than H got from your network did to make this.
But filthy Michelle wolf? Amirite?
Is she filthy because she hurt Trump's feeling or is she filthy because she told the truth? Either way that's yours in Trump's problem
Uuuhhhhhh are you describing Trump or the media that cover (and tweet) about him 24/7?
Now you’ve caught up to what all of us knew in 1985
So glad you support the war on women.  With men like you, we can keep up the assaults.
Yes because YOU the MSM always makes it about him... You cant report on the actual news of the day and Trump is smart enough to use you and you fall for it every time. Do one positive story about Trump just to see the reaction. Maybe you wouldnt be last in the ratings.. #FakeNews
Every time you talk about him.... he wins ... you haven’t figured that out yet
was that bunch of rural rednecks who was waiting for their red meat chanting "NOBEL" "NOBEL" (coz u know they have no idea what one is) or was that the protesters outside saying "Burn in Hell"? i have no doubt @realDonaldTrump had people planted to do that chant. none at all.
no they were saying no bell no bell cause they didn't have any bells. Yeah no they don't know what the nobel peace prize is
lol
Yo Kenny rednecks at least get some color on their neck rolls. Go outside. Get a sweat on. Do. Something. You don't look healthy at all.
For months #media #MSM #Democrats #journalist have attacked the President for his words. So @WHCA hires a so called woman comedian knowing her style to attack WH women staff with cruel, vile words. How is that not hypocritical. They can never criticize again. #CNN @CNN #WHCD
Takes one to know one
That’s your take on this?  What would you expect him to say about rude people being rude to him and his team. It is about him.
…huh? are you seeing things? He doesn’t mention himself what on earth are you talking about?
It's always criticism of him by you and only criticism.  Get over yourself.
It’s sad that  a dig about eye shadow trumps all the vile, hateful, lying  comments 45 yelled last night to his base. Have we truly lost our way as a nation that we let 45 keep getting away with it?
Is it not a problem he called her filthy? I can’t keep it straight what gets your knickers in a bind or not
So f’n predictable. Where are the ratings Trump? UGH
Where does he make it about himself in this tweet?
Well I certainly hope @CillizzaCNN will be publicly questioning why Donald Trump is allowed to call a girl filthy....
We need to put him to rest and start over
He called her filthy, where is your outrage?
You are insignificant. Majority of the United States is well aware of that.
He cheats at golf.
Trump underestimates the intensity of the coming blue wave. Last night Michelle Wolf encapsulated the moment perfectly. Ignore at your peril.
“The filthy comedian”? @michelleisawolf sure got under @realDonaldTrump skin!!!! It must have been her brilliant “Ivanka is the diaper genie” parable!

If only he and his phone could be put to rest. Wouldn't that be a treat! I'm praying he gets carpel tunnel in both hands!
It's called

NARCISSISTIC  PERSONALITY  DISORDER 
Look in a mirror.  You are the only person with CNN who will not rebuttal a comment. It is like you say things. and That is it. You are correct. Period. Only thing "At Large" about you is your ego.
That is why Sarah got her azzzz kicked last night. The press get kicked everyday and yall had the nerves to jump on Michelle. I hope Trump and Sarah kick yall azzz everyday. Yall deserve it for taking up for Sarah.
He called a woman filthy. Would like a 24 hour discussion on this topic! Or does that not even register?
And the worst thing about it is he had an ignorant follower that repeated it, a snake is a step up from Donald Trump
Yes, we have a pathologically lying egomaniac as President of the United States.
Marshal Marshal Marshal . trump hates to be Laugh at . His Fail Rally with the fake Paid Audience .The Behavior of the People behind him are so Obvious they were being instructed by the Actors Extra Director. Just watch the people with the red Hats . No Cell Phones
Next year have Russian  Hookers 
Pee on each other ..guarantee  @realDonaldTrump  will attend ..
See . . You don't get it Chris. 

It was about you. The media. 
The dinner is a reflection of you the corrupt and biased media. 

You have made your bed. 
Now lie in it . . 

You are so blind.
Thank god for one intelligent tweet inside the vacuum thread of a Cillihack tweet.
Here, once again....
To quote his college professor Kelley, "he was the dumbest goddamn student I ever had." 
It's comedienne. 
#OrangeAssclown
This is all @sethmeyers' fault.
Trump is a big orange marshmallow who can't handle the truth
......he made no mention of himself in that statement.
Is the press corp as angry at his defamation of Wolf, as they were with Wolf's words?  

I haven't seen the crescendo of outrage more intense as last night, despite MONTHS of lying, attacking the free press, and corrupt behavior by this Admin.  WHAT is going ON??
And his enablers...
Yes it is.
Always!
I expect nothing less from a narcissist
Chris is quite the narcissist, isn't he? I'm surprised he works for a network with more than one Chris.
