With these tiny....tiny hands, I will tweet many things.
Interesting choice of a word...interview.
The fact that “analysis” is used for this article is literally LOL  Snappy one line comebacks don’t count as analysis #FakeNews #FakeAnalysis
I disagree. I think it does analyze parts of call with humor.
Thanks Chris
Your “53 Favorite Lines” article is very poorly written and screams desperation. You completely failed to back up your comments with reason or facts, just picking like an immature school bully
Thank God Hillary Clinton wasn’t elected president.
OMG...53 most stunning lines from Fox/Trump/Unhinged...scary/hilarious mash-up ever! Cillizza you are hilarious...i can’t stop re-reading and laughing. BRILLIANT!!!!
I finally figured out what reporter at largeness means.... junior reported who gets to write really nonsensical articles pat on the head and move along. Your editor hates you
Now that is the real Donald Trump! Off the wall, repeating constantly, and thinks he knows all. What he did is incriminated himself. Even Fox had to get him off the air because of the rambling...
Your tweet is a poem after a few, almost unnecessary, minor changes lol...

Now that is the real
Donald Trump! Off the wall,
Repeating constantly, 
And thinks he knows all.
What he did is incriminate
Himself. Even Fox
Had to get him off air
Cause of rambling talks.
That was surreal to watch the Fox hosts struggling to ask a question of the POTUS.
Surreal, and very uncomfortable...
#Awkward
Correction:  "you shouldn't have." But I guess it's too much to ask for grammatical accuracy from a person whose content is always God-awful.
And yet you're here reading it. 
I don’t watch Fox or CNN - too much hyperpartisan propaganda being passed off as news.
This is sadly hilarious.
Wow! He's a non sequitur specialist. Absolute potusrambling.
Thank for the late night LOL  1st time in my life that I’ve laughed, been confused & terrified-all at the same time & every day 
Did anyone on CNN notice that Trumps hands were bigger than the French President ? Of course not.
your article on your 50 favorite lines from the interview.....best thing I’ve read for awhile, loved it!!!
Yes it was 
I can’t watch State Run TV. One lie after another on that Channel. Do they cover news anyway??
And CNN is so honest and trustworthy, right? Funny the so called honest CNN made no mention of the $84 million money laundering scheme by Hillary and friends last week, did they? #LIBERALISMREALLYISAMENTALDISORDER
It's pathetic that you call yourself a journalist with your "50 stunning lines" bit. Like @andersoncooper , @RyanLizza , Heilman & @MarkHalperin who cried at Hillary's defeat. You're all a bunch of partisan operatives.
- Man, Chris, how did you get so damn cool?
Great article. If only the Orange Twatwaffle had had this Morning Joe, cocaine-driven meltdown on Hannity’s show instead. Oh, well...beggars can’t be choosers.

I wonder how many 8-Balls Cohen has  bought for Trump over their 15-year mostly-business relationship.
Glad he doesn't have total consciousness. We have that going for us.
Can we talk about his Electoral College? Their job is not electing. It's to verify we didn't elect an unqualified pos. They said they were afraid to do that because of his violent supporters. That's not winning.
I mean, his fingers are short.
So. Yeah. Same format as always. Do you ever do any original stuff? Or is that asking too much?
no you shouldnt it was an awesome interview, Trump talked like a human being not a coached misleading politician, Trump is straight forward and tells the American people the truth not sugar coating it with political double speak
In his rant on Fox, Trump seriously defamed McCabe. He said, in sum and sunstance, that McAuliffe bribed McCabe to drop an FBI imvestigation into McAuliffe.  Given all the other shit that Trump said, this seems to have been overlooked. McCabe will add this when suing.
Yeah. McCabe can sue them from his jail cell! Right where he belongs. #LIBERALISMREALLYISAMENTALDISORDER
It was, without a doubt... The most beautiful display of Adderall.
It was a thing of beauty....I think even the Fox-peeps were amazed at the faucet they helped turn on. 
#whoneedsmuellerwhenyouhaveFoxTV
han tell for watch when in Breaking news FBI raided Hillary's house,Office and her lawyers that will be something I really wanted to watch!!tick tock..
It was more like a rantaview
#rantaview
#ChiliPizza didn't and still got nothing from it...

@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @PressSec @FoxNews @abcnews @CBSNews @NBCnews @cnn @cnni @cnnbrk @CNNOpinion @politico @nytimes @latimes @DailyCaller @DRUDGE_REPORT @CNBC @WSJ @WashingtonPost @MSNBC
Lol, the Fox news hosts had to cut him off before he incriminated himself
I thought I was the only one with that perception...ha! Good stuff. 
So will cabinet do 25th amendment removal or will trump be impeached and removed
You are pretty wild yourself when expressing your opinions you make a lot of strange expressions. So to each their own
“It is well-known what a middleman is; he is a man who bamboozles one party and plunders the other.” 
― Benjamin Disraeli
Who asked you to analyze a call made to Fox this morning? Keep your snarky comments to yourself. Everyone already knows what CNN's goal is!
Vomit
Nice reference to “Caddyshack” in #5 answer @CillizzaCNN...Big Hitter...the Lama
What I'm starting to wonder: will he be able to plead insanity and get away with it?
Yuge hands.
Lunatic in Chief
How many trainwrecks can one man watch?
He's lost it.
I cannot listen to him. I will read the summary.
Me neither. He makes me a little nauseous and a whole lot of disgusted.
Yeah, I'll read the transcript.
Just make sure to have a drink or seven first...
The cowardly fraud will call in Fox and friends but won't hold a press conference
You should have watched your boy Comey get shredded tonight
Very important to cover this as North and South Korea shake hands over the DMZ. You're a complete insult to journalism
He knows it too.... CNN is the only place that would employ him. He’s a joke
