Yeah but did he say anything subtly disparaging about someone’s eye makeup. Because that would be beyond the pale.
I didn't expect MSM to be that daft. The gist of @michelleisawolf's joke is Sanders' lies. "Burns facts and uses the ash to create a *perfect* smoky eye" What part of the sentence is about Sanders' looks? You can't even decipher a simple joke. Some have evn called it disgraceful
Maybe the press were so upset because Michelle Wolf named their complicity?
Ding-ding-ding-ding! We have a winner!
Bingo!
Like a hostage victim, I watch his speeches constantly from #Ireland. I know what to expect each time. But last night's was different. This one was straight out of the Nuremburg Rally textbook. Not just from Trump, but the crowd. They wanted blood. @USdemsoc @BeingLiberal
Dictators are well known for orchestrating carefully choreographed rallies where they spew their hate toward imagined and real enemies, and their fawning unquestioning supporters chant their support in ecstasy.
100% Lili. Although is that photo of Trump the one at Scout Jamboree? Never thought he would go any lower than that day. Sadly mistaken on that one.
Yeap. Trump’s low is never the lowest. I never thought we’d have a fascist president, but here we are.
But her emails, right Chris?
Please stay with the program.....”emails” was the accepted reply 2 nights ago, “Uranium one”  was last night! And tonight is “Benghazi.....lock her up”
Yes.
So glad you're finally getting past being offended by some jokes, Time to realize that the President is completely unhinged, which means the country is a crisis away from chaos.
Puerto Rico not included?
Puerto Rico is a FUBAR'd disaster, and a humanitarian crisis for sure. I was thinking more of a major international crisis.
Switching gears now, Chris? Actually doing your job rather than editorializing on the #WHCD to which you took great offense at #MichelleWolf for telling you to get to work on something like this? Good boy, Chris.
And here's one more thing, Chris: You don't need to say, 'Even for him.' That is editorializing, not what a true journalist does. Just give us the misstatements. We know the latter. You don't need to tell us. Give us the facts. We'll decide what we think.
Cillizza is not a journalist, he is a snarky gossip and ass kisser.
He should have gone into sports writing like he wanted to do.
The worst part is that @CNN and @MSNBC covered it and helped to spread the lies by broadcasting the vitriol. Then paid pundits to dissect it for hours thereby giving him even more free airtime. Joke is on them. No better than @FoxNews on this one.
I began turning off @CNN and @MSNBC months ago whenever they live broadcast Trump’s rallies. He’s way too disgusting to watch or listen to. Hoping the networks will soon get the message, but I’m not holding my breath.
Other than my local news and nightly news (NBC) I too do the same thing.
How about asking if there were any Hispanics in the audience before launching into to his latest wall tirade? Worse than any joke.
There’s no need for #Trump to ask about the presence of Hispanics or any people of color at his events. He made sure long ago that any such people who are not vetted, obsequious supporters would know they were not welcome…or safe…at his rallies.
I wouldn’t feel safe for sure. It’s disgusting.
What was more disturbing was the loud booing from the crowd at just the utterance of the word “Hispanic”.
There’s no differentiation between legal or illegal with these people. They hate anyone who isn’t white. Might as well have been wearing white robes and pointy hoods.
They believe their hate is “rational” and “justified”. In their view, people of color have caused nothing but trouble in “their” country. They believe we contribute little to nothing good, and have achieved nothing they they, in their “innate goodness” did not “give“ us first.
And yet, one assumes, the cheering crowd (smaller than described no doubt) bought every word and once again, trump gets away with everything. Do people that have no need for truth get Nobel peace prizes? 
There must be someone on either side of the aisle who will stand up and say enough is enough!!! Oh but sadly so far no one shows the strength to say anything!!!
The attacks on @michelleisawolf are proof of that. No one has the balls to stand up and speak the truth to this administration.
It's so much easier to attack Michelle Wolf than Trump.
But you were more concerned about @michelleisawolf stand-up this morning.  You are a part of the hypocrisy she outed.  Congrats.
Yet, you felt the need to write an entire article on comedienne @michelleisawolf. MSM's epic fail continues....
But her eyeshadow...
Because he never pays a price for lying so it just get more and more ridiculous.
The sad part is his base believes everything that comes out of his mouth!
Frightening is more like it IMO.
Racism, chris ... you forgot the racism

Goddamn you're awful at your job
He's literally the dumbest pundit in America.
Why doesn’t the free press call him out more often? Why don’t you call out the press secretary when she repeats the lies? So what if you’re banned from her press briefings? Stop giving them your time or attention until they stop breaking the rules.
So we will be waiting for the media via @maggieNYT @mitchellreports @SRuhle @morningmika and the rest to tweet and demand and apology. Right?  Unless we are just protecting our secret sources.
Trump's words are not misstatements, they are intentional, as are the exagerations, and the lies. We can't get bullied by his continued onslaughts. He cannot be normalized . . . ever.
Yet the press has spent all day being outraged by a comedian doing her job 
I don't think the press is outraged. They are just reporting on the dinner and the reactions to Wolf's jokes. At least not the reports I have seen or read.
I beg to differ,my twitter feed is filled with comments  of outrage from respected journalists I follow all clutching pearls over the comedienne’s routine. WHPA should have researched her style before inviting her. More outrageous things were said at a certain rally last night
You are right on the Trump rally. I will keep looking for the "outrage." I think clever shots, without personal attacks and vulgarity are more effective forms of humor. Wolf was a bit too harsh for my tastes but compared to Trump it was like watching Sesame Street.
Exactly my point. I don’t particularly care for her brand of comedy by you get what you pay for and she delivered her act. There’s so much more going on that journalists need to focus on denouncing than this!!!
So, a typical @realDonaldTrump speech?
But her smokey eyes.
So now you pay attention? Jesus Christ
And perhaps the fact that the troll machine is hard at work keeping smokey eyes the lede of the social media universe is to cover up the actual offensive comments made to a crowd last night. And everyone fell for it.
The creepiest thing was when he denigrated higher education & promoted vocational training instead. 

To paraphrase: “you don’t need education just learn manual labor. Us rich folk need folks who can build walls & hotels. We sure don’t need more educated people muckin’ around”.
So wise you are to realize that critiquing the president’s words is more important than critiquing those of a comic.
Even for him?  Are you really serious?  Like is there some magical line that Trump would never cross?  The man has no boundaries and you should know that by now.
Sorry, not part of the narrative. Today is for discussing makeup ...
Hopefully you’ll be holding him accountable via your platform as national journalist.
THEY ARE LIES
Daniel Dale, the Washington correspondent for the Toronto Star, was fact-checking Trump in real time during the rally. If you're not following @ddale8, you definitely should!!
Daniel has made his mark by keeping track of all of Trump's lies, misstatements, and falsehoods since taking office and updating the list often.
He's the nastiest, most manipulative, genuinely awful person I've ever seen. The fact that millions of Americans don't equate his constant stream of obvious lies as a mark of mental derangement is disconcerting; how can so many people be so gullible? Doesn't bode well for America
And when Sarah H.S. stands up in Monday to defend his lies, will you regret criticizing Michelle Wolf for calling her out?
It’s Hitleresque gaslighting Lügenpresse 101. And the Cult45 eat it up as if it is the finest cut of Kobe beef money can buy. #Trump #TrumpLies #cult45 #MAGA #TrumpRally
Maybe you should report on those lies and detail them. That would have happened with any other president. Hold him accountable.
Good thing the rest of our press spent most of the day freaking out about a comedian who named their complicity in getting Trump elected.
Too bad you chose to cover Michelle Wolf and not this.
What time did you decide to try to do your actual damned job?
Desperate people do and say desperate things...the wilder his statements, the more peril he is in.
All that and ppl are still harping about Michelle Wolf. Sarah Huckabee Sanders will be at press meeting tomorrow defending all his BS from the Michigan speech.
You seem surprised.
We've known he's a compulsive liar for quite a while now.

Why don't you go on air,... Break it down,... And debunk his lying ass? You afraid of him?
And his supporters believe every bit of it. Scary...
Anything about eye makeup? If he didn't there's not really anything I've seen that's truly offensive.
I'll bet SHS also lies about this fact when asked.

No big deal
But did he mention a smokey eye?? That's what REALLY matters.
His outright racism and hate was on full display and the knuckledraggers ate it up! Be outraged at that! Be outraged at the disgusting complicit people propping him up while tearing down the country!
sad thing i watched these people last night going into the rally, people who barely make ends meet, struggling to live a better life, They choose this man because he shares their view on life, anger , rage and being slighted by the same society that shuns them, Smh
Trump has a black hole of a soul that enervates the Light of truth. Journalists channel beacons of Light for allowing people to see just how heartless he is. Message to Evangelical Supporters: There is no Truth in trump.
Is that kinda like “ if you like your doctor,  you can keep your doctor” speech. Sorry - wrong president lying
You created this monster. Now you reap what you sow.
This Trump supporter repeatedly yelled at the press, calling media “degenerate filth” and to get out of his country after the Michigan rally concluded 
Yeah butter eeeeemmmmaaaaiils
But that's what you guys loved about him when he ran for POTUS. He was a political genius, you said.
#WHCD was a disaster and terrible look for the MSM so "look over here" says @CillizzaCNN
But Michelle wolf, right?!?
How about the racism? Does that matter?
gonna write about it?  Or are you still trying to figure out how a perfect smoky eye qualifies as an insult?
Just "Trump being Trump", I guess.  But a comedian pushing the envelope not ok.
But somehow it was the Smokey Eye comment from #MichelleWolf that has you triggered. #WHCD
Be prepared, it's going to get worse with each rally.
Could you compile a list to enlighten everyone?
He is untethered and running scared.   We have sadly not seen nor heard the worst is my greatest fear.  Stand up to him an do not cower at this point in Trump history.  The first amendment is all that is holding our democracy afloat right now.

Oh ...done attacking Michelle? Trump is saved for later? Priorities eh?
You actually have the mind of a corgi
It was a study in lunacy. Ask any psychiatrist in the country. Blatant insanity declaring itself at the top of it’s lungs.
But we have to be upset about a comedian who doesn’t sway policy or enable tiki torch rallies.
And you’re shocked? He’s the first Prick President.
So, you mean just another normal day in the life of @realDonaldTrump ?
 My Q to @HouseGOP @SenateGOP & @SpeakerRyan & rest of GOP. WHEN is it we can know WHEN to believe trump AND when Is it that's  just #LieNo2105 ?  
We Can't BELIEVE trump & NOT get it Twisted!  Please Explain!
But all the news pundits and media experts want to make the #WHCADinner #MichelleWolff comedy about Sarah Huckabee Sanders the major event in the news cycle of the day and next week. Stop distracting @MSNBC @VelshiRuhle @mitchellreports @hughhewitt @maggieNYT
Mow this is what Americans should be outraged about ~ our President uttering lies on a daily basis & not a comedian roasting at the #WHCD
And you won’t do anything about it because you never do. But you will criticize a woman comic for doing her job. Hypocrite!
Oh and the “comedian” is vilified for telling the truth
He's doing what Bannon described as "flooding the zone with shit". He's been doing this since the motherfucking day he announced his candidacy & any shock ascribed to these admonitions, is lacking in reflection of this.
Stop that! Donald's feelings will get hurt and then he'll get all mad.
I want to shake trump supporters and scream what the fuck, wake up and what is the matter with you! But they are my neighbors, coworkers....
And yet, there is outrage over a comedienne's jokes at a dinner.
So why is everyone so upset at @michelleisawolf for calling out their lies. If more of the media would point out their lies as lies instead of misstatements or falsehoods we could get this shit under control
You have to assume unless proven otherwise that every sentence from Trump contains at least one lie.
But did he talk about grabbing beavers?  
#PerfectSmokeyEye
Your characterization of Michelle Wolf as a bully was stunning, Chris.
Should get WAY more attention than the #WHCD and #SHS ‘s hurt feelings
At this point wouldn't it be easier to keep track of accurate statements and truth? #TheNewMath
Is it? Really? We are talking about @realDonaldTrump here, aren't we? How can anyone be surprised by the lies? That's all he does! Every minute of every day! #LiarInChief
Should we be surprised?  The bad thing is that his base believes every word.
Whatever purpose you serve is not easily seen.
That was awesome.
But Michelle wolf was mean to sanders....
Sanders is literally a bully and liar from her bully pulpit every day and nobody calls her on it or walks out on her.
But it will all be allright and he will, g-d help us, win a Nobel Prize when the Koreas re-unite.
If he does it will sort of be appropriate since the head of Nobel Committee has been charged with stealing funds and sexual assaults! Good company for @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @cnni @maddow @williamlegate @JoeNBC @SethAbramson @EdanClay @PressSec
It's been proven hourly, day after day, that none of that matters. The  overriding question is, did he compliment Sarah Sanders Huckabee on  having perfect smokey eyes? Cause that's what seems inflammatory to some  Very Important People today.
It's a shame  the face of an American President is the face of Lies and Immorality..
You know you love Trump. He keeps you in business. Without him you wouldn't have anyone to lie about.
Exactly right!
America was always a great place to do business because of our markets, rule of law, and political stability.  Ironic that the “business” guy is subverting all of that.
Maybe you “journalists” should have been covering that instead of displaying your hypocrisy about jokes.
“Even for him.”     You have such an inherent bias...you want to give him a pass SOOOOO BADLY, don’t you?
And how many words are on the CNN website about this, as opposed to say, a comedian telling the truth at a formal dinner?
But let’s continue to demonize the comedienne at the WHCD. This is a exactly how he won .... lots of us NOT paying attention to what really matters.
Validating Michelle Wolf's takedown of this corrupt administration and complicit GOP.
You're just figuring this out, Chris?
But God forbid the Press or even a comedian call him out on it!
But her emails, Chris!
No it isn't. @realDonaldTrump LIED consistently, in fact daily, but you were more interested in HRC emails and she being overly prepared. The ppl in America are suffering from this narrasstic liar because the media wanted to be amused, incl. you.
I’m surprised you found a moment to get off the fainting couch over @michelleisawolf to type this.
What is stunning is that you sound surprised. He is a liar.
Omg you actually called him a liar
Even more than usual - stunning in it's crassness
There is no downside to his lying among his base....that’s why he likes these so much....the base kisses his ass, he riffs on, whatever, for an hour and the crowd loves it/him....that’s heaven to him.
I feel like all of the fact-checkers are getting PTSD.
And yet, MSM headliners are beating up on the truth tellers i.e., @michelleisawolf. Their cowardly and lazy behavior is tired.
If you want lies, this source (@realDonaldTrump) is an excellent source . . . 
Wait, aren't you about to talk about something Hillary did that is falsely equivalent?  Where is your both sidism?  Isn't that your specialty?
He better not have said anything about one of his acolytes eye shadow though. Considering he basically held a Klan rally which is totally cool though right.
He was addressing his own base. It’s pretty clear They have no interest or capacity for the truth.
I remember when you did that with Obama. Oh. Wait. You didn't because you believed every lying word out of his mouth.
You stun easily.  Do you faint like a goat, too?
Report them as lies for once. Get you buddies to do it as well.
Yet this is your first tweet about it vs all those regarding a little known comedians remarks. Who has more impact on our day to day lives? Can we focus on that please.
You're always the last person to figure shit out, Chris.
Did you call on him to apologize yet?
You sound like a broken record. There must be a better use for your life.
Don’t normalize with Even for him clause. He’s an evil man.
hopefully you're compiling them so that you can disseminate them to us
Were they more than a decade of democrats pure LIES? Or just untold stories you ? LOL!
So in other words, Trump is a fucking liar?  sounds about right
It does not seem to matter, so sad and embarrassing for a great country.
I'm not surprised by this anymore. It's my expectation. What I am surprised by, and disappointed about, are the number of sentients who actually buy his obviously bovine scatological sales pitches. He costs his own following the most. And they don't (won't) see it.
Weren't you gyrating to the #WHCD last night? It was an orgy of stupidity, even for you people.
When have we heard you condemn all the idiotic and insulting things our President says on a weekly basis?
I won't. He's hilarious.
But would you have the nerve to say it to his face? Like @michelleisawolf did? Profile in courage.
Yet all they want to talk about is @michelleisawolf saying SHS lies make a perfect smokey eye. 
But Michelle Wolf’s mean jokes!
But 45 didn’t mention SHS’s eye makeup, so the selective outrage continues.
You get a trophy for purposely listening to him talk
Should not be surprised when President Batshit flies solo! Does this remind you of speeches in Germany from 1930’s? Similarity is making me uncomfortable.
Biggest phoney, there has ever been!
He can't speak on issues because as Comey puts it, he has to fill the hole in him. He fills this hole with clapping, cheering, boos, n adulation this is his air. What happened to him growing up. Was it Mommy giving Fred more attention than him. Something is really wrong in him.
So you can distinguish between truth and lies. So now explain exactly which statement made by Michelle Wolf was untrue and upset you so much. If you can.
This should not be shocking; he’s well on his way to progressing to “Hitlerhood”
But you mad about a comedian’s 19 Minutes routine.
Poor POTUS?  Are you kidding!!  Mudslinger in Chief?  Initiator of the war on the free media?!  Taking it way too serious!!
Or, as the rest of the world likes to call it: routine.
He doesn't care and neither do his followers! They can't tell the difference...#sad #deplorables #LiarinChief
One day the lies will catch up with him. One day.
The fool LIES while inhaling and exhaling....non stop!  ----> @realDonaldTrump @SeanHannity_Fox @SarahHuckabee #FNC @CNN @MSNBC #ExGOP
And yet, the @whca is focused on an edgy stand-up routine (a comic they hired with full access to the investigative tools and skills of a large group of journalists). I guess I have the answer to: how the hell did we get here?? Everyone needs to do and be better.
Let’s analyse each of those then. Show the video. 

I value the words from the leader of the free world rather than a comedian. 

So, let’s analyse Trumps words. Critique them. Call them out for what they are. Send Twitter into a frenzy debating HIS words.
Instead of going through Trump’s speech, why not do a story on say, Flint having no water, or puerto rico *still* in shambles instead of another sensationistic story about Trump. The media is obsessed with Trump while the country burns. The Media is complicit. #boycottcablenews
Well..what is new?
Not to us. Do you have short-to-medium memory loss?
And the press is outraged at Michelle Wolff. #Hypocrisy
It's OK Chris, have a nice dinner and a good night's sleep and you'll be back in love tomorrow.
I'm sure the crowd totally called him out on them too...
Yup..this is a danger to our country...not Michelle Wolf..
But Michelle Wolf.
Right. But apparently we should care more about a comedian (who will be forgotten in 6 months) making fun of people.  Let’s get our priorities straight.
Sad. President Trump’s words, tweets, policies and lies are why I, a Moderate Republican, am running for Congress to replace the current Hard right Republican. Chuck Eddy for Congress Kentucky 6th Republican Primary May 22nd.
The closer Trump’s Presidency comes to completely unraveling, the more tightly he clings to his loyal Trumpistas, and the more he resorts to lies and ad hominem attacks.
followers, at least a vast majority of them actually believe what he says, even after confronted with the real facts. They too invoke the term fake news! Since Trump has us upside down, I do wonder how long after he is gone will it take to get us back normal, the old normal?-2
Chris, what I’m afraid of, if there are no repercussions for this type of behavior, what’s going to stop the next president from doing the same? Mike Pence abs other politicians invoke Fake news when they aren’t happy with what is being reported. Also, it’s crazy that his-1
Hope is gone, Ivanka busy flying around branding away far away, vague memoeries of not treating Cohen all that nice but that doesn't matter....LORDY there's TAPES.
WHAT PART OF "HE IS A DEMAGOGUE" DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND?
And his crazies cheered him on! Talk about unbearable, it made my skin crawl just watching him. I couldn’t take very much. How far we have fallen.
Thanks for getting around to looking at what the President said last night. I know you needed to critique the joke set first, which was clearly more critical to the republic, but now you can move on the the trivial issue of the remarks of our nation’s highest office holder.
So why is everyone attacking a comic who skewered the powerful in a celebration of free speech? Is this stuff Trump spews being normalized, or ignored. And what results from either of these non-responses? His press secretary gives him cover & the press is rallying to her defense!
& are  folks criticizing michelle wolf upset about this bs? and why does the msm continue to live stream all his campaign rallies? this isn't news worthy just RANTS 2 sycophants
And everyone is offended by a comedian.....
So Monday go on live @CNN and tell us the lies. And please, don’t call them misstatements or exaggerations. They are just lies!!
It was disgusting! To call out Hispanics??? He is and his base are just neo-nazis & white supremacists! He is a pig @realDonaldTrump 
Have you had a look at CNN’s broadcast from today?  Cilly boy
I'm getting numb to it and that scares me
but #hermeanjokes
This is one of his all time unhinged non-sensual efforts to date...perfect for a bunch of Nugent type Michiganders.
Imagine that
But let's all focus on a comedian's "inappropriate" lines at a roast. Mmkay.
And while you’re looking at what’s important , the rest of the press is feigning outrage over jokes about Sanders!
Zero outrage. No mention of eye shadow or TV show characters?
...but her jokes.
#theydontcare #alternativefacts....
Any bullying.  Never forget the bullying.
he’s got the carny sideshow rap down pat.
Most bizarre moment of Trump's rally in Michigan was when he calls on Corey Lewandowski, to say a few words. It goes about as well as you'd expect.

Lewandowski screams, "We love you Michigan! Thank-you for supporting Donald. J. Trump. As your next President of the United States"
I'm sick to my stomach that he was in the Mitten! Lying piece of &@$#!
But Chris why aren't you talking about how SHS got her fee fees hurt.
Where's the outrage? You know, like those directed at a comedian?
Far exceeds the few minutes all those people are appalled about from last night's WHCD roast, doesn't it now???!!!
But @michelleisawolf was (in yr imagination) MEEEEAAAN to... someone?
Yeah. Now how many lies did @michelleisawolf tell?  Oh. #WHCADinner
But OMG, a comedian made a joke about SHS's eye shadow!!
All of the lies are no longer stunning.....moved into expected some time ago. Where to now?
Smokey eyes. Same thing. #MAGA
Flashback:  CNN’s Donna Brazile is totally not sorry for leaking CNN debate questions to Hillary Clinton.
But someone made an eyeshadow joke so...
Noteworthy - Pres. Trump said in Michigan there will be pain for farmers and somewhere down the line benefit.  Earliet in week Sen. Joni Ernst (R-IA) said Trump's tariffs are hurting U.S. farmers. She is right. He has opened a trade war with China and this is the result.
We the people DEMAND an apology!!!  How’s that @mitchellreports @morningmika @maggieNYT & every other outraged journalist?  Oh wait.. he didn’t disparage anyone’s eye makeup? Never mind... just the normal lying & assaults on our democracy
.....are you surprised?.....whenever he speaks extemporaneously, he is wildly entertaining, much like a comedian on a roll......but he can't help himself, and keeps making shit up......we have a pathological liar who holds the highest office in our country........yikes!
And yet people are talking about a comedian roasting the press secretary...
His lies have far exceeded the original number of 2,400.
but, HER EYE SHADOW!!! #GMAFB #WHCD
You need to tweet louder. Everyone is still beating up on @michelleisawolf for pointing out SHS's defense of her boss doing those very things.
But please, tell us how @michelleisawolf is the problem.
