“Is this better than that phony Washington White House Correspondents’ Dinner? ... I could be up there tonight smiling like I love when they're hitting you, shot after shot. These people, they hate your guts,” Trump says at a rally in Michigan …
Really @brianstelter called them an infection.
Hey Chris! What about tonight? Do you approve of it? The “jokes”
Acosta called us crazy dude!

CNN is a failing news channel

#CNNisTRASH
He’ll lie to a raging crowd and continues to incite anger and that’s his campaign speech. They love it, walk away, beat up on dark skins and gays and all go home to sleep.
Why are you still giving his rally free coverage?  Did you ever think that was and still is a problem?!!
I do
Speak for yourself.
Didn't your network blackmail someone over a CNN gif?
Your colleague Brian Stelter called anyone who doesn't trust the media, an "infection".
Well if they gave a crap about America, they’d tell the truth. Kinda like DJT did at the rally.
I feel more confident that I'm the type of American the current POTUS would find a petty mean nickname for if he ever met me. POS.
You’re fine just where you are.
Sure act like it you guys aren’t news you are commentary. Why don’t you ask the same of democrats?
Does your partinship affect your commentary ? Just askin
You just hate the non liberals.
See what he is doing there? He is making every word said about him be about them (done often by cult leaders actually). That is very dangerous. Yet you guys don't seem to understand how dangerous it is and act like it is just "things POTUS says."  One day it will be too late.
Chrissie = Liar

Then what’s all that biased “journalism” you report?

How about this-

“How’s the economy?”
“How’s the infrastructure bill doing?”
“How’s the VA doing?”
“How’s manufacturing?”
“How’s small business doing?”
“How’s r @realDonaldTrump nominees doing?”

PICK ONE
It’s *you* everyone hates, not the unhappy, misinformed folks who still follow you.
Chris stop. I follow your posts everyday. You hate this man and it’s okay. Enough of this high road crap.
He projects his own hate and biases. This is what he is doing here.
#PopulistShowman #DonTheCon
Nah, but y'all sure do love yourselves. QUITE the media/pundit reaction to being (rightly) called out tonight. More outrage over being called out and not getting a makeup joke, than about half the truly awful shit Trump has done. How sad and embarrassing.
@CillizzaCNN lies like a rug. You attack American values everyday all day.  What did you do while a guest at your dinner was viciously assaulted from the speakers platform ? You laughed and applauded. Americans don’t behave like that. And they don’t lie about men in uniform.
I do ! I do ! 
Here's the thing: they hate you. They hate the "lyin' media" or whatever pseudo-German neo-fascist b.s. label they're applying to you today.

No matter how much you try to engage or how many interviews you do w people in diners or how many op-ed and front pages you give them.
No we just hate HIS guts
Not true at all - how can you say that with a straight face Chris? The MSM hates about 45% of the country.
Donnie has made a full time job of preaching to his choir
Tell Sarah Sanders that, Chris.
I think I do. I didn't always but by this point I think I actually hate that guy's fucking guts.
So, I’ll send Sarah to do it!
Yeah you,you all despise us, mocked us the entire nite. The feeling is mutual & payback will come when we re-elect Trump.

It seems more and more, like he hates everyone else’s guts.
He means they hate his guts(3rd person)
Not to defend Trump, but I think he was speaking in third person.
Then why all the condescension from all you stiffs in the media.....we love you too
And that's coming out of the mouth of The President of the United States. President Macron are you listening to your new bf.
It must be a blast to get mocked.
Kellyanne Conway stone-faced when mocked by #WHCD comedian Michelle Wolf https://washex.am/2FpXvjl  
But they believe. It’s not fifth Avenue, but they believe.
Yes you do. You're in a bubble and you despise flyover country.
Bull. You hate his guts. But you also love him bc ratings.
Then report fair and prove it
Chris, it was refreshing to see it is possible to get all of you Rodents in one room. Enjoy the Cheese !
Actually I'm glad he didn't come again this year. And he never will anyway, I can remember last year that when President Obama got on this case LOL LOL
The sneering contempt for us oozes from you and your brethren.
We just don’t believe you any more. But don’t worry. We’re just an infection.
This is around the time Trump’s hue went from orange to fire engine red.
How many Trump voters has CNN hired as journalists?  The lack of diversity really indicates your absolute disdain for trump voters.
Oh my God, you drip with contempt for regular people.
He was talking out loud to himself again.
Some of you do.
You don't hate trump? Really?? Really???? Hahaha
Lol- ur funny
