This is a more important story than the #WHCD by far.  Instead, most of the White House Press Corps is letting the White House continue gaslighting.
It was a white nationalist supremacist rally.  Call it what it is.
Looks like YOU are the one noticing skin color. Ever realize that? And what's wrong with white Americans being proud of who they are? I think you're a disgusting anti-white racist to tell you the truth.
The "truth" you are espousing is very appalling, IMO. America is a nation of immigrants. Our values have always been placed in welcoming the fearful, the downtrodden, the hopeful. Until Donald Trump came along with his disingenuous fear-mongering. I reject that.
I would reject that too. However IMO, President Trump is genuinely drawing the line between legal immigration and illegal immigration. Nothing more. I don't believe he has a problem with the background of any group of people in the world, as long as they are law-abiding citizens.
Righhht. No problem with folks from "shithole" countries. Don't even bother arguing Trump didn't say that. He did. That's his honest view. Please examine the new DHS and ICE policies. Aren't we smart enough to do this with compassion?
Trump is fundamentally a bad person. That’s all you need to know.  He raped his wife.  Cheats on all his wives.  Bankrupt/failed businesses.  Calls women disparaging names.  Taken to court for racist policies.  He is a bad person.
I don't necessarily believe all the stories you read about him. Some probably true, most probably not. Rape? Racism? Give me a break. It's your opinion he's a bad person and that's fine. He also has a success rate of 98.8% of Trump-owned businesses.
Racism is a fact!  Taken to court and lost because his policies were racist.  It’s a fact.  He raped his first wife Ivana.  It’s a fact.  She testified under oath in great detail.  It was violent and horrible.  She never recanted but decided best interest of family to drop suit
Yeah..but unfortunately the headlines are Wolf. Pathetic
We're too busy talking about makeup right now. Smdh
So why are people talking about @michelleisawolf instead of this????
All the pics are tight focus so the fact that the crowd wasn't much of a crowd is barely evident.
I want the full transcript, please. I can't listen to him speak without thinking I am losing my mind. It is hard to even read what he says and try to actually understand his linear thought process but it is less painful.
I don't know what's worse, his ignorant raving, or the crowd of howling thugs.
You're right, you have no idea. 
It's the voice of the people
So you think the people are an angry howling mob, cheering on a NYC thug? That's deeply disturbing.
Tell us about all the lies
Let trump be trump.....it’s who he is ....deplorable
This is both very funny and very scary at the same time. 
So is trump going to be impeached and removed
None of his supporters are reading this.
Poor little Chris Cillizza, offended again  Keep resisting!
Shitzilla
NOT FOR YOU
He was in his manic type B phase.
But we're talking abt the #WHCD!
This means the Democrats are scared that the GOP would stay in power. I would’ve been if I supported the Dems, because Trump is achieving his promises! Promises made, promises kept

Maybe you should have been covering this yesterday instead of clutching your pearls about non-existent “bullying” at the #WHCD
The acme...
The tree that was planted trump had it pulled up, because of the speech macron gave to Congress and he wasn't kissing trumps ass.
It's pretty cold in Michigan. I didn't realize it was too cold to even think.
Insipid, but then again it is @CNN
I can't listen to this man any longer.I watched many Hitler speeches. what DT said on Saturday was so similar.Telling ppl in the crowd their problems are because of immigrants, the press & democrats is what Hitler would tell the Germans about the Jewish ppl.
#TrumpDerangementSyndrome
Where is the outrage in the press about this absurd event in MI where 45 delivered lies and encouraged hate?
You mean Trump said things that didn't fit your liberal-biased agenda? Good! 
Don't need the ages...just the 30%.
I agree with Trump on statement 57. We are all higher. Booze, weed, whatever works for you to get through all the manipulation and stupidity
If you care what Chris Zilla has to say (God only knows why) but still want to #StarveCNN, here's the archive!
Please find out what he meant by shutting down the country
Maybe you should hire a stand up comedian to tell us about it #WHCD
Well gosh it’s a good thing u all r focused then on how “mean” Michelle Wolf was. My god.
But, CNN is worried about a few jokes told at the WHCD. Whatever...
But Michelle Wolf needs to apologize. 
What took you so long ?
Without Trump, you’re unemployable.   Sad part is, we are stuck with you for 7 more years.
You may not have liked his speech but it was WAY better than the fiasco that was  the hate prom
The same can be said of Trump.
After hearing from you about this I stand with Trump for eight years
