Winning. MAGAGO TRUMPNOBEL PEACE PRIZE. Trump has accomplished with one hand tied behind his back that Obama and his socialist and commie sympathisers couldnt. Lookup incompetent and you'll find Obama pic.
Yo @CillizzaCNN settle down, skippy.
You build up some good will and then like that, poof, it’s gone.
Seriously how stupid are you? He was confirmed by a REPUBLICAN SENATE. How is that surprising?
Waterboard yourself.
Do you ever get tired of being the biggest clown on Twitter?
Quit trying to be politically neutral and tell the truth.
Why don’t you use your “journalism skills” & report on why Pompeo’s confirmation is a huge loss for both  the American people & citizens from other nations around the world? You’re lazy.
Dammital!
"I'm a reporter!"
"Oh yeah? Who do you work for?"
"CNN"
"I thought you said you were a reporter though?"
you are a major hack.
As if Trump doesn't throw himself a parade for literally nothing you'll have to do it too?
Lol. Republican President gets Republican Senate to approve Republican SoS to replace disgraced, fired Republican SoS.

MAJOR win. Such winning. So tired of all the winning.

lol.
In other news the sky is blue and water is wet
Now what’s the over/under for how long he keeps the job?  10 months?
And a major loss for this country.
It's an incredible accomplishment that Trump selected a nominee his political allies weren't forced to reject.  WTG!
Republican President gets Republican controlled Senate to confirm his Republican Sec.State nom.   Top reporter @CNN says this is a "MAJOR win" for Trump. This is CNN. (Is this an apple or a banana?) https://twitter.com/cillizzacnn/status/989559598364446720 …
@cnn #America needs #realjournalism not #opinions more than ever #factsmatter #HistoryMatters This is not a game or a #realitytvshow
Wow you're a genius! I can't believe anyone pays you for these deep thoughts.
A major win! Wow how did he do it ? GOP only controls EVERY branch of government!

my god you guys have really lowered the bar for trump....
How is 56 Senate votes a ‘MAJOR WIN’? Serious question
Major Win? Come on dude!
How are you still employed.  Your name is actually a synonym for bad take now.
Have we lowered our expectations of a president so far that we should REALLY call this a "major" win? Honestly, he replaced an appointee he fired. It's not like he helped push through a balanced budget or something.
What is wrong with you?
I'm gonna guess that Chris' family doesn't claim him. "Who? Naw, he's not kin to me."
Sometimes I explain current events to my kid on the ride to school. You’re welcome to join; you can sit in the back and learn something.
MAJOR!
Did ya have to get the back hoe out to dig the hole needed to lower the bar this far?
Lol. “Major win” to get your SoS confirmed.
You set a pathetically low bar for success. Shocking.
By what ridiculous, twisted standard is this a MAJOR win? Do your job! Tell us the truth. Stop being a tool for a traitor.
It is?
What a dumb take
Hey, is 10-1 ratio bad?  Asking for a trumpkin lickspittle.
Next: Cilizza reports Trump made it to the potty on time, big boy pants stay clean. Huge Trump/Maga win.
Do you get paid to make other analysts look good by comparison?
You’re Pathetic. I Turn The Channel EVERYTIME You Are On A @CNN Panel
When was the last time a SoS nominee was rejected by a Senate controlled by the President's party?  When was the last time a SoS nominee was rejected by the Senate, period?
RATIO BOT HERE FOR RATIO
You're terrible at your job.  Just quit and go work at Burger King.  That's about to your level of intelligence.
shut up chris
You sure have set the bar low. Really low bar.
 nice try.
bad take, bro.   bad take.   The insanity that is DJT, has lowered the bar so low......lets keep perspective please.   This is the equivalent of a participation trophy.  It's a GOP senate.
Are you new to covering politics?
Let’s review, in 18 months, Trump has had (so far) two Secretaries of State:

Mike Pompeo confirmed 57-42.

Rex Tillerson confirmed 56-43.

Barack Obama, 8 years, 2 SoS:

John Kerry confirmed 94-3.

Hillary Clinton confirmed 94-2.
.......…....

But sure, a MAJOR win.
So are you trying to show which side plays politics and which one takes their Constitutional responsibilities seriously?  Because that’s what I see in those numbers.  Advise and consent.  *Advise* and **consent.**
In another MAJOR win for Trump, he got dressed all by himself this morning, just like a big boy!
The Republicans have 50 out of 99 votes in the Senate, and cabinet nominees can't be filibustered.

So where's the major win? Is it the fact that he only got 57 'yes' votes, compared to the 66 he got when he was nominated as CIA Director?

You make no sense.
If by “MAJOR win” you mean “narrowly-averted embarrassing loss”, then you might be right.
But we all still lose, of course. We all lose.
You are the worst
If by major, you mean Trump didn't fall directly on his face like he did with Ronny Jackson, and only suffered an embarrassing vote from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.

Still an utter mystery why CNN hired you.
Most presidents get their cabinet nominees through with no problem. It isn't especially a win.
Is this for real?
It’s just trolling the network’s viewers at this point
Wow. The bar is so low for this fool that it's literally laying on the ground.
When was the last time a SoS nominee was rejected? Nice working on lowering the bar so you can get Trump brownie points with a puff piece headline.  You are so transparent. Uggh.
That win will pale when compared to having the torture queen as CIA chief.  A real test coming on that vote
I really do not think you know what the word "major" actually means. Do you? No. Thought so. Stop it.
Remember, your kids will read this all in that future we all attempt to shape. Get on the right side.
Why didn’t you put MAJOR in a larger font with fireworks exploding above it?
Your shtick is wearing thin.
Again, the "didn't drool on himself or piss on the table" bar for success.
Quick, name us the last SoS that was nominated but not confirmed.
I remain amazed that you are employed.
What would cause you to type such a ridiculous sentence? Think first!
Replacing the assclown he fired for calling Trump a "fucking idiot" with an anti-Muslim evangelical who believes in the rapture is a win?
You're a perfect example that white male privilege extends to the media, You failed upward to CNN after 2 years of micro-judging Hillary over emails at WaPo. If you had the capacity for actual shame or self-reflection, I'd suggest you use it immediately.
This morning, I put my own pants on. It was MAJOR win for me.
His party controls the Senate and there is no filibuster for nominees anymore. Yeah, huge win.
Chris Cilllizza is the perfect example of white men continuing to fail upwards.

This bullshit needs to stop already.  Too bad CNN has no shame.

That's why I only watch MSNBC.
Dude how do you get paid to do this
Trump managing to fit inside pants is a MAJOR win, Pompeo's confirmation not so much.
The WH is continual shitshow.
How are you so bad at your job? How? Is? It? Possible?


You are one of the biggest nitwits in the media, which is quite the accomplishment. And COPYING the way the president tweets is a kiss up thing to do.

So you like people who lie about where they served in the military to impress others?
How often does a president NOT get his nominee for Secretary of State confirmed? Great pundit’ing 
How would you even parody Chris Cillizza at this point?
The ratio
Dumbest tweet of the week for too many reasons to list.
You’re a goofball.

And by "major" you mean.....? @MrMokelly
Do Secretaries of State not usually get confirmed?

Did I miss something over past 50 years?
What about this makes it "major?" Major?
I have no idea.
When Trump goes off and only speaks to his base...as soon as he is finished,  many commentators say he was "effective."

What does that mean?  He just finished. 

And if it was only for his base... it's his BASE. It will always go over well with them.

  They're.... his BASE.
when is the last time a secretary of state nominee did not get confirmed?
MAJOR ratio on this tweet..only thing major about it..
NAH
You're a world-historic dumbass and if we survive Trump history will not judge you kindly
The present doesn’t judge Cillizza very kindly, either.
Judging by that ratio I'd have to agree with you
Jeez Chris, can you please give it a rest?
Wow. What a miraculous result. So totally unexpected. We are all in shock. Jaws are still on the floor. Some people are saying this is the biggest shock of the year.

Because Pompeo is the only cabinet member who could survive a *2nd* confirmation battle?
To his credit, Cillizza has not congratulated Trump on a good bowel movement.
I smell sarcasm.
Lowering the bar to the point where a non-accomplishment gets a meme
Cillizza is not aware of historical fact predating 5 minutes ago.
Uh, no.
From any other account I would assume this is well-executed sarcasm
you are a perfect distillation of a terrible journalist. nothing you have every done is of value. no one will ever remember you other than to show you as an example of what not to do.
You are so bad at this.
It will be a MAJOR win for America when you no longer have a national platform to lower standards for Republican politicians.
Dude.
it's bad chris, he's bad
Winning Over Mormons? Six Big Points From Trump's Half Hour Speech About North Korea And Why He Loves Frosting
Cilllizza: The Michael Cohen of DC press.
Nothing is going to stand in The way of Chris's desire to be popular.
Except himself
This tweet is ridiculous.
I know it's confusing, but lead paint chips aren't a snack. It's probably too late, but stop eating them.
Who the hell pays you this much money
again you are the worst reporter ever!

Annals of bar-lowering. All presidents get their secretaries of state confirmed, almost all by much larger margins. https://twitter.com/CillizzaCNN/status/989559598364446720 …
The GOP holds both houses and getting a SoS approved is a major win? 

You're pretty obviously looking for "MAJOR WINS" for balance
No.
why are you like this?
Lead paint chips.

 calling a freakin’ cabinet appointment a win is pathetic, even for you
It’s a MAJOR win when your party controls the senate and you get a cabinet secretary narrowly confirmed? Look forward to Trump touting this on the hustings in October in Ohio. “Are you not grateful? I GAVE YOU POMPEO!!!”
…until he gets booted for some reason or another in six months time.
How many times do we have to teach you this lesson old man?
You having a job is a MAJOR win for imbeciles
Once again: how do you have a job?
It’s gotten to the point that I cringe every time one of your tweets shows up on my timeline. What happened to you?
Anther garbage Cillizza take. Quit, you hack.
I'm just here for the ratioooooooo
Yes, he finally got one through after dozens of his nominees got voted down.

Oh, wait, that didn't happen at all.

Your continued employment by CNN is a MAJOR loss for them.
This tweet is a MAJOR win for ratios
How long u been saving that tweet, dog?
I hope Trump deports your family.
How are you always this stupid?
Beneath your usual level Chris. Getting a Confirmation through a GOP controlled Senate is hardly a win - much less a major win.
How is it a win? His party is in power and replacing a fired dude. Lay off the meth.
Lol. You are determined to find the dumbest take and ride it home aren’t you?
He does. Attention = $, whether it's good or bad attention. Jeff Zucker (his boss) has explicitly said as much.
"Analysis by Chris Cilizza" means reducing everything to a sports outcome.
Gr8 analysis by CNN. A secretary of state is confirmed. No person has achieved this b4 I guess. Does this person know how dumb he sounds. Think b4 u tweet.
Does @CNN actually pay you? Or do you work for free. You're a #moron.
Why Chris?  How is a president getting someone confirmed a "MAJOR WIN", especially when his party holds the majority in both houses of Congress.
How low is your bar for #45?
So what are the odds at for how long this one last????

Yup.  Until he doesn't like him anymore and he's fired.
Trump got his SoS confirmed by a body where a simple majority is required and his party is the majority. You've proven yet again how low your standards are.
You see, that’s why folks take you with a small grain of salt! Not MAJOR win ... not even!
yea chris your reaching, but as long as you and @CNN keeps putting out these headlines and stories, it only fuels the orange beast.....leave this crap to @FoxNews
They dug a trench for the low bar, Chris.
But a major loss for Congressional Republicans. #wearecomingforyou
Major win for Trump, major loss for the country.
LOL
Day after day, alone on a hill
The man with the foolish grin is sitting perfectly still
Nobody wants to know him
They can see that he's just a fool
He never gives an answer
The fool on the hill
Sees the sun going down
And the eyes in his head
See the world spinning round
Two SoS' in pretty much a year is a win?
I see why @realDonaldTrump called you “One the dumbest and the least respected political pundits”

With the way you’re going, a snake won’t be able to crawl under that bar.
I cannot believe you are paid for this vapid fluffery.
FFS. Get real. Republicans control the Senate. Since when is a confirmation a "major win?" #NotTheSharpestToolInTheShed #ButStillATool
Another mindless Cillizza tweet.
Rand Paul used to be my guy. Unfortunately, Rand like the rest caved.
No, it's not. Get a hold of yourself.
Cillizza, do you TRY to sound like a naive dipstick?
@CillizzaCNN stop being a TRUMPet for TRUMP and the TRUMPsters. You look sillier and sillier.
Yes, and no. Whoever was in there was going to be a "yes man" for POTUS in any event.  The guys listens to no one.
You’re kidding, right?
Why? Because he once again shuffled the deck chairs on the Titanic? Gimme a break, please.
you’re an insult to mediocrity
Major win? Just beginning your journalism career or stuck in a wasteland emitting pathetic cries for help?
As usual a Trump win is an American loss.
@lizchar do the thing where you search for the dumb shit he tweets
lololol
This isn't sports
Wait, can someone, anyone please tell me, HOW IS THIS A WIN, not even a major win, just a WIN for Trump?
Doesn't his party control the senate?
It’s not a major win for anyone. Period
Pretty stupid stuff, Chris.
We'll see.
He will be at least as successful as Rex Tillerson, Betsy DeVos, Scott Pruitt and Ben Carson
You suck, Chris.
Major win...really?  I'd say a squeaker or barely over the finish line...get real. 2nd lowest confirmation of SOS in history both within 15 months...thats not major not winning when GOP has control...best people would fly through...sad commentary Chris, thought you were better
Yuge win. A lot of people don’t know that.
Does this qualify as "analysis?" I must be in the wrong business.
Another award winning #CillizzaSizzlingHotTake
Congrats. You literally control all branches of government.

Better make some hard choices before 2018
And a disgrace to this country!!!
just here for the ratio


Did he really have another alternative? 
Her?
How is it a major win?
lol. is it lunch time for you yet?
The same thing has been said about Kushner, Tillerson, Pruitt, Bannon...
We've reached the point that getting a standard cabinet nomination completed is a "MAJOR win"?

That's a positively subterranean bar.
It's a Cillizza take-what do you expect?
What scale is this Cilliza-idiocy? Cilliza4? Cilliza8?
Depends on his targeted number for clicks.
