Very responsible journalism here. Attn: @PulitzerPrizes.
Is this a stupid headline or not?
Not but Trump is a liar
Actually, in a White House meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and the Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak Trump discussed classified intelligence. A leaking liar, if you will.
Neither.  You don’t need to ask that.  May not agree with his decisions but he tells the truth.
No he is not, a man who has given a  life of service to his country should not be treated this way it’s disgusting
I wish he was still in the FBI maybe he investigate the drug culture in the White House. No one else has the ball to do it.
No.  But he is a whistleblower
Subjective. Yet. The best predictor of future behavior is past behavior.  The self serving potus has made it clear he is absolutely incapable of telling the truth. Guilty of lying accuses lying.
James Comey said he was able to read Donald Trump’s mind to find “intent.”

Couldn’t find Hillary’s “intent” when she deleted 33,000 emails and smashed her phone with a hammer.

Could find no connection btwn Weiner/Clinton.  His wife is only vice-chair of Hillary for America.
...and @realDonaldTrump is the SAME height as @Comey  
Really find it hard to believe that people are comparing Comey’s veracity and honor to our prevaricating Pres.  Laughable.  Yes, I still detest what he did to Hillary, but c’mon people!
yes, yes he is
No, he is not a leaker, and a liar.
But her emails!
Yes...he is
Comey has more credibility in his baby finger than Trump has in his thumbs up!!! You fire me because of this 
"Russia Thing" I'd be pissed too!! Comey has remained respectable to Trump!!!!
Comey has more integrity in his large hands than  Trump has in his huge ego
If U we're doing your job as a reporter U would be searching for the truth instead of being obsessed with pushing fake news about Trump @realDonaldTrump
Great article
Chris, why is nobody catching this...
_ You can't leak something made up. Made up stuff, doesn't get classified.
_ Therefore, if James @Comey is a leaker, he can't be a liar. 
_ If a liar, then it's not leaking, it's just fabricating - lying.
#CANTHAVEITBOTHWAYS.
Yes
Are you undeserving of a punditry job? Yes!
He leaks confidential lies
No , but made some bad decisions.
Well, he's a leaker. And he's a liar. So, I guess you could put it that way.
#StarveCNN 
#TrumpGoldenAge
Won't matter!  Must be treated all the same
Scooter pardon, please!
My favorite quote of the day is from @elianayjohnson, "Is James Comey very sick, or very dumb?"
Call me is Neither of those! Check the source from where that information came from .
Not! and how dare that lowlife in the white house insult a man of public service when he himself spent a lifetime serving himself in the most despicable of ways. Shame on him and those who enable him. He is the lowest of lowlives.
Not!  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Half-way through ‘A Higher Loyalty’ - excellent read!
Of course he is
Self-service bullcr*p article.
Depends on what you mean as a leak 
there are seriously no biased sources closer than MN? wow.
No
no!
