That @PressSec sat and absorbed intense criticism of her physical appearance, her job performance, and so forth, instead of walking out, on national television, was impressive.
In the words of Sarah Huckabee Sanders, “it’s called a sense of humor. You should try it sometime.”
Yes...but BE FUNNY.  I guess we laugh when you bawww because you aren't actually watching what people are doing in a legal sense you're just pissing and moaning about what's being said.  Maybe that's the great divide we're facing?
She said that her Smokey eye is always perfect but it's put in by lies. That isn't an attack on her appearance. Please rewatch the clip
Do these people even realize that they are projecting their own feelings about SHS's appearance? You think Sarah Sanders isn't wondering why everyone is sticking up for her looks today when all she heard, just as we all did, an oblique mention of her eye shadow? #smokyeye
I guess its ok that she lies to and gaslights the press daily. So she felt uncomfortable. Good. She needs to consider her role in this joke of a presidency. Isn't the press tired of just sitting there and taking it?
Right?  She shits all over our norms, traditions, and decency but a mention of her #smokyeye is the straw that broke the camel's back?  The brutal thing is this is all projection of what THEY think about her appearance.
Absolutely
Flint still don’t have drinking water
The vile rhetoric on display at the WH correspondents dinner is exactly how Americans see journalists. Intolerant, monolithic minded bigots that believe they are smarter than most, but have supported and protected a Democratic party that has spent decades ruining the US.
But the vile rhetoric on display all over your twitter page is somehow acceptable. #Hypocrite
There was NO criticism of her looks.
when wingnuts do it, props...when HRC did it, meh? you guys are too much...
Gimme a break. She deserves everything she got and then some.
No she didn’t
She’s lies for a living. That’ll come back to bite you.
True, but there’s a line and I think it got crossed
These are weird times.
I miss Spicer. Always good for a laugh
I am a liberal but I am not sure that I would have stayed.i believe she was out of line in a lot of her skit.   Also we know that the adminstration are liars, cheats, thieves,and treasonous so I do not feel that we should lower our standard to theirs.  We need to vote them out.
There was nothing all that personal except for calling her out for being a liar. It’s on CNN all the time. Dunno why it’s a big deal when it’s funny.
Blah blah blah
Why did she go in the first place? Every year those roasted seemed shocked. #SneakyMean …nope! Mean every year- just ask Trump.   #LaCheeserie
The only impression of SHS is her willingness to lie for DT everyday without being challenged at the press briefings.  The supposed Christian who bears false witness for a living daily. Fact checking and commentary later is not the same.
Have some self respect you clod
So like Maggie Haberman...you are a hypocrite. And you are now Hannity. And opinion journalist. Everything you say from here on out is #fakenews
You really thought that? Despite the fact that nobody criticized her appearance?
You guys are easily impressed. She's a big girl. Nobody lied last night. She took it because it was true....& Trump would be mad if she left
she has no problem every day and calling the media fake news and flat out lying and yes i said lying when she says stuff that she no's is not true that makes her a liar so she should stop disrespecting the press for doing there job. and her boss trump didn't mind doing it to all
After all the crap her boss says about, oh, everyone, she should be able to take some well deserved ridicule. She & her boss spew lies & insults daily, & the LIBERAL media NEVER calls them on any of it. GET A GRIP ON REALITY PLEASE!
Other than her Smokey eye makeup, which is a questionable daytime look, I didn’t hear anything approaching intense criticism of her appearance.
Smokey eyeliner / u got hoodwinked hook line and sinker / she is a professional liar
Of course you did.
She did take it  well.  Not a fan of Sarah's at all, but will say that she actually looked  nice that night and maybe she should wear her hair like that all the time.  After being a combative press sec., what was said should have been no surprise.
I’m surprised she didn’t get up to the mic and defend it.
Nope she told the truth No shaming Sarah sanders at all other than her makeup
I retract my earlier comment. You’re just as much a thin-skinned little rich boy as the rest of the elite DC press, little Christopher
Oh well, Mike Pence couldn't tolerate a respectful kneel...who's the real snowflake?
Really Chris? This is surprising coming from you
BULLSHIT! She hasn't absorbed 0.000001% of what she and her boss dish out daily.
Oh, please. Rethugs are always the victim. Stop it. It's admirable that journalists don't walk out of her press briefings. @maggieNYT , you're just kissing up to keep getting called in by @POTUS @realDonaldTrump for exclusives. Journalism is dead.
Americans watched on tv as the press fawned over their proximity to high elected and appointed officials and yes, we’re walking out.
Oh please!!  Hardly nobility personified.  Her looks weren't criticized in any way only her lied.  30 min vs the 30 years @HillaryClinton had to put up with a hell of a lot worse totally undeserved.
Progressives are so sadistic. Hopefully the American people are sick of them forever!

#ProgressivesDontDeserveToRule
Well look her job performance is not good but she has a boss who doesn’t help in the slightest, it would be hard sir anyone in her position but she is still there so she should be called out when you can’t spin what Trump says or does
I thought she rocked! So honest! You two are uptight.
Spoiler alert: you have to have a brain in order to think. Ergo...
Please highlight the intense criticism of her physical appearance.  Because saying Sanders burns the truth and uses the ash to create a perfect smoky eye isn't making fun of Sanders' appearance.  It's making fun of the fact that she's a fucking liar.
That was awesome , Michelle did a good job she wasn't that funny but she delivered the message to the Trump criminal enterprise
What about the press corps who have to sit and listen to her Jones and lies in the presser on a daily basis. You get what you give.
Jones, I like that
Sorry to say autocorrect and I don't even remember what it should have said 

Let’s be clear, bovine is obnoxious and unattractive.
I thought @PressSec and the rest kind of had it coming. 
Lol- of course you did. You guys are the problem
No one mocked her appearance. Also, if she left, it becomes a huge story and she looks soft. Good take otherwise.
I think you, and the rest of the press at those briefings should also get kudos for not standing up and walking out amidst all the lies and rhetoric...
sorry. no better or worse than fun on previous male chubby press secretaries.
Like all the bullies in this administration they find their "strength" is actually the office they hold, not the depth of their character. They are cowards, both insecure and longing to be included with the "cool kids"
If Sanders had walked out, it would have destroyed her platform for moral outrage today.  Anyone who baldly lies to the country every time she opens her mouth should expect to be called out.
Okay, I’m confused . The jokes were harsh yes. But has she apologized for her lies? Has she apologized for defending trump and all his ilk and sins? I cannot feel an ounce of sorrow for @PressSec and flint still doesn’t have clean water and we’re the greatest country on Earth lol
in spite of the daily attacks on the media, you still feel the need to suck up.  good show.
Still love you Chris, but you are way off the mark here.  The Trump administration has called out the Left for being too sensitive more times than I can count. Snowflakes, anyone?  Who is being too sensitive now?
I’m going to throw up.
You are the problem. Complicit.
Chris, are you lying and pretending that you think Wolf made fun of the press secretary's appearance, or do you not understand what a smoky eye is and why having it perfect is a good thing?

I know Maggie Sunshine is lying. I just would like to know where you fall on this.
Smokey eye? Really thats the intense criticism of her looks???
As to the other stuff, she lies on a daily basis. That's the truth. We will not be gaslighted by her or by you guys. Maybe if you guys required her to be honest then she wouldnt. get her feelings hurt.
So embarrassing, Chris, the way the DC media circles the wagons in defense of someone who holds them all in utter contempt.  Is her job performance off-limits?  Good to know.  A mention of her EYE MAKEUP?  Hardly a criticism or an insult.   Court stenographers, unite!
Oh waaa. She lies for a living, defends a sexual predator, and accuses victims of lying. She just got back what she dishes out every day.
Maybe, for a change,she appreciated something called Free Speech. Trump and his people are OK with any manner of insult hurled by POTUS at entire races or genders and unending lies and innuendo smearing people, but insult them and its “cruel.” Hypocrites.
Defending sources?
She acted played the role of both martyr and sacrificial lamb for potus
I fell no sympathy for @PressSec et al! now she might feel a little of the pain her boss Trump, she lies for everyday, has brought on millions of s here & abroad that don't look like him @michelleisawolf
She went after eyeshadow. Please explain how this is any nastier than what the male headliners have joked about in the past. You guys are enablers of this disgusting administration.
appearance?? She mentioned her makeup once I guess WHY ARE PEOPLE SO SENSITIVE
Agreed BUT she needs to be able to take it due to her position supporting a guy who's done worse.
Boooooooooooo
Then why not call out the aholes?  Or are you afraid of not being one of the cool kids
Fan of people who lie to Americans everyday, are you?

Trump and his supporting trash deserve no respect.
“The most offensive line in Michelle Wolf’s routine was “Flint still doesn’t have clean water;” if something else she said bothers you more than that then maybe we shouldn’t trust your judgment about anything.” Ana Marie Cox
If that broad can put up with Trump it’s easy to see why a room of WH correspondence folks can’t intimidate her.
Apparently her skin is tougher than her boss’... that says a lot
navel gazing MSM
Just as "impressive" as the obfuscations she usually delivers during press briefs!!
she disrespects the press daily, and they don't walk on her.. so... she seems so sure and confident when she's at the podium belittling people. I don't feel sorry for any of these slimy liars. President dissing @RepMaxineWaters at exactly the time. Still Again. Kick rocks.
The sophomoric WHCD stooped to a new low. How people who try to portray themselves as civilized & half-way intelligent can cheer this hate & bullying is beyond me. I didn’t think respect for the media could get any worse but the media outdoes itself again.
Of course you did
I wonder every day why the White House correspondents don't walk out on that dumpster that they call a press briefing. Sanders is a disgrace and an embarrassment to the country with her demonstrable lies. The fact that people clutching their pearls over eye shadow is astounding
The WHC dinner has gone from a Dean Martin type roast to a Friar's Club fiasco.  One was suited for prime time television, the other not.
This tweet helps explain what is actually “mean” Hint, it’s not about a smoky eye or calling someone out for lying.
I’m dead at everyone saying Michelle Wolf was too “mean” tonight.
No.
Sexual harassment is mean.
Being racist is mean.…
How can anyone think this? They tolerate a president (and their boss) who berates, bullies and mocks. And they should be applauded for not leaving a dinner? Give me a break. I thought this was that “non PC thing” they liked so much. Buck up wimps.
WHY DOES S.SANDERS HAVE TO BE TREATED THIS WAY IN THE FIRST PLACE????
You are so absurdly privileged you don't even see it
And that was just from the reporters there....
That the journalists have to sit through her lies and put-downs during her press briefings...
The press lets her off easy.  She is never called out for her lies.
Really? Is that what happened?
Or maybe she was having an epiphany and was frozen in place by that reality and couldn't get up to walk out.
This was an attack in her lying all the time. Let’s call it like it is: If she looked like Hope Hicks no one would interpret the smoky eyes joke as an attack on her appearance.
Chris, how does SHS treat the reporters in the WH every single day?  Can you list evidence of how she is respectful and not dismissive and condescending ? Neither can I.
And presumably you, like all of your colleagues, will not respond to the question of what part of it insulted her physical appearance. Right?

Aren’t these events pretty much roasts at this point? And calling out someone’s poor makeup skills isn’t exactly the same as mocking their physical appearance.
Why? It's your standard roast material. If she walked out that would have been embarrassing for her. What's impressive is how anyone can act like Sarah and the Trump people don't deserve to called on their shit every day.
Whatever ! Walking out would have been more embarrassing for her . It was a roast . She treats the press Lil total crap daily . She went she stayed so what ! She was roasted .. what did she expect ? A medal ? “Maybe she’s born with it maybe it’s lies “ 
Wtf is wrong with you. It was tame. She said she had Smokey eyes, oh the horror. Maybe the fact she pointed out the enablers in the media is what really hit a nerve.
Me too.
Sanders, Jackson — Trump has been burning through sacrificial lambs faster than usual this week.
That the Press sits in the Press room and allows @PressSec to lie to them every day is the disgrace, not a few jokes made by @MW!
If you’re a journalist tweeting in defense of Sarah Huckabee Sanders, but you haven’t tweeted about Trump’s tax returns or his going more than a year without a press conference, you are bad at your job. #WHCD
No it wasn’t
Felt some compassion for SHS, must have been difficult for her even though she knew it’s going to happen. Let’s be clear
This is tame compared to what @POTUS probably says to her.

This gif is perfect
You would. “Perfect smoky eye” IS NOT AN “INTENSE CRITICISM OF HER PHYSICAL APPEARANCE” anywhere in the world.
Hillary Clinton took garbage from the press for years and sat through hours of ridiculous Congressional hearings without once losing her dignity. Somehow that didn't impress you.
She works for this man. Immune from emotion.
Doesn’t the press stay and absorb her lies and insults nearly every day?
Of course you did...  #shocker
She works for and lies for trump every day! Do you think she has any pride left? Nothing you could say could be worse than that admin.
Have none of the "offended" every watched the dinner before?  It is ALWAYS an attack on the incumbent government!  I really did't see how this year was any worse/better/more or less offensive than other years - other than there was a lot of lying to point out!
Sort of like how it is impressive when the WH press corps sits there and listens to her insults and lies on a daily basis without walking out?  Like that? Yeah, really impressive Sarah. When you are an awful human being, you can expect to get mocked. No sympathy for her.
Sorry. Love you both. But this is not the time to be politically correct about this. She deserved it. She’s an accomplice to the destruction of this democracy.
Great tweet
I believe that it's quite impressive that the journalists who sit in the press conference room don't walk out every time @presssec insults one of them. If they can take it, then so should sanders. Obviously she & @mschlapp can dish it out but can't handle it coming back at em.
can't dig out of that hole - this was your ending
This is why people hate the press.  These type of commente
Don't think it was impressive...her options were very limited and walking out would have led to much more raucus roasting.  What is impressive is her unblinking lying daily on the podium before all of us. Really such shamelessness is impressive!
Seriously—actually quote the bit critiquing her appearance. Spoiler alert: there wasn’t one. #doyourjob.
@AmericanMousa @maggieNYT @PressSec Then you don't know the meaning of impressive.
Bet you couldn't do that!
Ehhhhh... total bollocks 
She lies every day. 
And being told your Smokey eyes are "perfect" isn't an attack on her looks
Please quote the joke criticizing her appearance.
Of course! Normalizing evil incompetence is both you guys' thing.
Your bias is showing.
...she took one for the team...

@maggieNYT U should have had this much respect for Hillary. @PressSec can dish it out but she can’t take it. #Fthemall #SHSsucks @peterdaou
Hahahaha! Liberal whimps all think alike then, huh, Soy Boy? Grow a set.
Nothing compared to what Sam Nunberg said about her on national TV
With all the straight faced lies she tells to the People, she's made of stone
Yes. Much more class than her critic.
No.  Sorry.  She lies to and disrespects the press every time she stands at that podium.
Ahh Chris, I expected more from you. Can you point out what was said about her physical appearance? I get the feeling that the journalists upset by the jokes are really upset because they were called out about profiting Trump.
Exactly
But don't you get it??? THIS is who you guys have turned out to be!!! NO Credibility. ZERO. NADA. NONE

Kudos to @maggieNYT for an honest assessment. I hope you guys learn to start REPORTING the news rather than trying to MAKE the news.

I attended the WHCD last night. Donald Trump has so poisoned the atmosphere by attacking the disabled, gold star parents, Muslims, Mexicans, Blacks, women, the press, the rule of law that a comedian who simply tells the truth is offensive? She’s joking. He’s not.
No sympathy for Sarah. She frequently refers to the news media as fake news.
She didn’t take it! She sat there wincing and grimacing! Truth hurts!
Give me a break. These people are getting what the put out.
Of course you did.
That was tasteless. Stipulated. Yet I’m far more concerned about an authoritarian in the WH who talks openly about jailing  journalists & locking up political opponents & those who defend him. Now, THAT is truly disturbing. #perspective
And well derserved! Treats the media like crap at her daily briefings.
We’re not shocked
Sorry, you & @maggieNYT are wrong.  SHS stands at that podium everyday & lies, talks down to the press & we are suppose to feel sorry for her?  Nope she gets what she deserves.  Karma is a bitch!!
these are your people guys cc:  @maggieNYT
Toughen up Cillizza.
Get a grip - and a sense of humor.
Last night she became presidential?
M.Obama chastised about her body, her arms, compared to a monkey in Rep.emails.
HRC nasty jokes, from the current @POTUS constantly!
Chelsea attacked as a little girl about her looks.
None of them walked out.
@PressSec doesn’t get a trophy.
I am very impressed myself that  Hillary did not go completely nuts as many of you journalists treated her unfairly for years. But happy you all think SHS is so impressive.  #carryon
so instead of denouncing the vile and nasty words you just thinks its great that SHS sat there and took it?
Impressed by someone having to endure an attack on her personal appearance?  You’re impressed?  I’m outraged that anyone - democrat or republican, man or woman - should ever have to endure that.  We are above that.
Chris Cillizza "thought". #FakeNews
We all know she wasn’t even listening. She was thinking about what kind of lies she will tell today about how everyone at the dinner thinks trump is doing a great job
Did she think they were going to hug and kiss her lying ass? When she walked into the room she should have known she was going to bear the brunt of the shitty way she’s treated these people. Karma.
Yes, she's a national hero. Remember this during the week when she spews vitriol for POTUS and lies to the American public yet again. And we're paying her to do it...
Nothing was about her looks - Sara didn’t have to be there nor did she have to sit at the table - she lies every day - puts down reporters every day - karma kudos @michelleisawolf stay woke dang !
The idea that calling Sarah’s smoky eye “perfect” constitutes  “intense criticism of her physical appearance is so completely insane
Which is why you’re all puppets. She trashes the media for a living. She goes after “tone” and ethics. And yet, her “job performance” is off limits?
Was it in the same passive voice?
Since her job, apparently, is to lie for Trump, I’m not sure how a joke about how she lies for Trump is criticism. 

That’s like an electrician getting offended by a joke about them working with electrical wires.
The press is an embarrassment to our democracy.  Maybe 20 years ago, it was an essential part of democracy, but its not anymore.  It was proven last night. Its shameful that its turned into tabloids
Not to mention the lack of decency the press has these days.
F her. She's a despicable person
You guys sit in the press briefings absorbing criticism your job performance, lies and insults and no one walks out.
Just wait until SHS unleashes her fire and fury on the press now..  that’s why she was told to attend!

This will get worse, not better!
Bet you never said that about @HillaryClinton though, @CillizzaCNN.
That said how do you think tomorrow’s conference will go? Huck jr now becomes a martyr! This plays to the base. Oh poor poor pitiful us. See media hates me! Hates us. Pinocchio will tweet to “ I told you so”. Everyone is against us,no collusion witch hunt !
THE REAL KILLERS! High School kids LOSE IT inside the schools &KILL?  

Cause the cafeteria&halls become a bloodbath of verbal abuse& mental hazing! 

The ABUSERS who live then become adults & PREY ON their coworkers, neighbors , community.#WHCD UNDERDEVELOPED ANIMALS
Wow. So the truth now offends journalists.
Wtf is wrong with you people !? She made fun of her eye make up and insulted her lies. This woman defends the indefensible. What do you think we felt when her boss called our Island a shithole??? She deserved that and much worse.
When were the jokes about her appearance and not her duplicity
Wolff didn’t criticize her physical appearance and harsh job criticism is part of being a public figure. All your hand-wringing is pathetic.
Her job performance on national television deserves intense criticism on national television.
seriously? she lies to the American people every single day. She demeans and disrespects journalists (you guys). ...she deserves every bit of criticism she gets.
But you sat and laughed while she was insulted and held up to ridicule. You, sir, are no gentleman. 
An honorable man would have risen in protest. Have you no shame ?
I wish that you held the president to the same high standard that you hold the #WHCD performer.
People in the know like her but she has a heckuva job.
The White House should cancel the dinner for good.  Bunch of elitist snobs praising themselves, wow.  That's worthy.
You thought wrong.
But not one of you in attendance had the balls to stand up and tell the comedienne ‘enough’. Speaks volumes of your character.
Americans were watching the President's rally, uplifting, joyous, economy rocking, bringing factories home, progress on foreign policy, USA respected and leading again. 
Why would we focus on adults behaving like spoiled toddlers, whom we left years ago.
Dumb
Who knew there could be some decent media people.  Huh...A woman attacking another woman on her looks is what the left describes as 'going high'.
Bitch please look who is her Boss,even if that was about her physical appearance she should take it.
So Michelle Wolf is the bad guy? As many times as Sarah Huckabee Sanders has chided the press to get as sence of humor when pressed about the cruel things Trump has said. You get back what you put out.
 @realDonaldTrump bullies people all the time, yet y’all are upset about a “Smokey eye” joke? @michelleisawolf hit back and spoke for the majority of Americans who are sick of all the lies and abhorrent behavior coming out of the WH. #WHCD
So you are OK with SHS lying to the Americans nonstop?
SS stands and lies to our face daily, I didn't feel sorry for her at all! Plus, they support a man who's words and actions are much worse than a joke.
