.Please don't buy Kasich's BS. He  is no moderate on abortion https://tinyurl.com/y74bkdcw , on education https://tinyurl.com/zf2knfo , on taxes https://tinyurl.com/y8bsvcva 

.
A million times this. He seems like a moderate up against people like Teddy Cruz and Donald Trump. He expanded Medicaid. That’s about it. He’s more than willing to let Republicans here in Ohio get away with whatever they want while we get burnt.
Poor Kasich.  He’s holding strong with the party’s traditional terrible ideas while everyone else has moved on to worse ones.
At one time he was a Gingrich conservative. Now he's a McCain moderate
That is what we call a cop out. Kaich was a republican because he could win Ohio.  Now that he thinks a blue wave is coming suddenly he's not a republican.  Nobody will vote for him from either side of the aisle expect your 2% vote in the primary.
Blah blah blah. So sick of that line. Should be: I went along with everything (including being a Fox pundit) until I ran in a State where I couldn’t win w/o moderating a bit.
The good people in Ohio wish you left a long time ago.
@JohnKasich will you continue to accept $ from the NRA?
@plunderbund whatever. There's no material difference between Trump and Kasich, except Kasich doesn't throw idiotic tantrums on Twitter.
I wish more Republicans felt this way. They don’t have to follow Trump; there’s another path.
More accurately, reality left #kasich behind.
@JohnKasich you left the Republican Party when the video of you being rude to the cop who gave you a ticket surfaced. The cop could not hv been more respectful and then u lied about it at a campaign mtg to gain points w ppl who want to hate the Govt. Agenda ?
Kasich,  Who Cares ! Just go back to sleep you Knucklehead!!
Memo to @jaketapper @CNNSotu @JohnKasich 

Ask new questions. Answer with new info. Otherwise just show reruns.
Does this jerk have no original lines?
Please!! When political morons like Kasich start insulting the base of the Republican party. You know his career is over. Buh buy Rino.
He wasn't invited to the convention.  A little dense?
Poor little John.  He liked politics when it didn't matter what you did.  Only that you were elected.
The American people didn’t care what he had to offer ! He is all about himself I did this I did that .
He was always a nugget and a jackass who knew he was losing bigly yet waited one extra day than Cruz to concede to Trump.
Sois he quitting orrr...?
Lmao, Conservative Party Left Kasich!!  We said NO!!  We know what Kasich is, Soros Puppet & True Lib Progressive!  #WeRejectKasich #SorosFundedKasich  #MAGA #KAGA2020
Honestly no one cares about this guy except cnn.
Kasich might seem moderate but he’s not. Sure he made the objectively smart thing by expanding Medicaid in Ohio. Otherwise he’s more than content to let radical republicans run rampant here while dismantling schools and slashing taxes and services.
I enjoyed his interview before the start of the event last night.
We left KaSick at ballot box and will again
Hey Yeah! Ok Gov.
Just stay were you are John.

Pro-Immigration doesn't mean ILLEGAL, it means LEGAL which the Republicans are for.

Thereby, though deductive reasoning you are a Democrat because you don't care about the rule of law.
Because you sold your soul to Soros and you are a Democrat
No, the Republican Party three you out bc you’re a RINO
The swamp drains!
He is out of touch
He's right in more ways than one - many Republicans are ticked off at the Trump-Putin Whitehouse and for good reason - they have no idea what they are doing - leadership comes from the top - and this Whitehouse is leaderless. SAD.
