All of this way more outrageous than anything @michelleisawolf said.
#Trump’s critical info on Tester are in the hands of the nonexistent investigators he sent to Hawaii to investigat President Obama. #TrumpLies
It is important sometimes to take a step back, draw a deep breath, and remind ourselves that this is in no way normal ... and thus should not be normalized.
#CHRISCUOMO just tore Matt Schlapp a new asshole on #NEWDAY !!!!!! Called him out on his #FAKEOUTRAGE !!!
That’s what the elites think, but go ask the women who’s sitting in Doctors office or Airport Watching #FakenewsCNN & ask her what she thinks, to normal people it looks like Cuomo is on the side of a comedian who called #SarahHuckabeeSanders a Uncle Tom, #MAGA wins again #2020
Chris Cuomo called out the hypocrisy, that's all. He didnt look like he was on any side. Schlapp deflected the questions because he had NO GOOD REASON for not being outraged by @POTUS comments for almost a year and a half. And even before he was @POTUS.  Cuomo called BS.
Cuomo is a flaming Liberal, I don’t see him calling out liberals, Only Republicans, especially when Adam Coke head Shiff is on he will ask one question & make Adam give his memorized answer no push Back, Wolf does same thing, Heck all the #FakeNewsMedia does that #MAGA #Tiggered
You mean like the Republicans who come on the Fox Propaganda Network???? They never get questioned on anything they do wrong. Please. You're barking up the wrong tree.
And what's tiggered?
Heinz should put him on its ketchup bottle.
I love it when our @potus blackmails sitting US Senators. #winning
Here is a quote from your article: “I went through the transcript of Trump's Michigan speech and picked out the most eye-catching lines. They're below.” YOU DIDN’T EVEN ATTEND TRUMP’S RALLY AND CNN DIDN’T AIR IT! I ask again: Why do you therefore feel entitled to comment on it?!
funny how you never checked on Tester's claims...just pushed them out as fact
Empty threats from our coward of a president if you can’t stand the heat stay out of the kitchen he sure can dish it out but he can’t take it he is such easy fodder he can’t even have a press conference due to fear of perjury and a vacuum of ignorance
Have you seen his tax returns?
Funny, that’s exactly what senator tester said about Donald Trump!
Good Trump
Whilst America's ire is focussed on a comedian holding the president & his paid acolytes to account, the orange threat to western democracy that is Trump is spouting this dangerous bilge. Little critical reporting. (Quietly tears hair out in the corner).
#LiarInChief #fraud #fakepresident
Hey Chris, I’ll help you understand what Trump was doing.

He was using unfounded innuendo to smear Tester. Do you understand his point? Why Tester,  

Someone so much smarter than @realDonaldTrump should understand this.
But an entire day was spent on #WHCD and a comedian? I will wait for all the outrage from all on the Michigan rally today
Didn’t he also have secret plans he would only come out with if elected? Bueller? Mueller?

@realDonaldTrump Chris the Toxic  Serial liar and Fox and Friends very soon will fabricating a fake Story...Stay Tuned!!!
What a Con Man. With his mouth do you think he’d hide it if he knew anything?
Wait. He knows things that would keep people from electing him and instead of telling us or doing anything about it he chooses to threaten a senator publically? How is this putting America first. How is this real life?
@RealDonaldTrump is delivering a general callout for dirt on Testor to punish him,, isn't he? Manufactured, if necessary.  Beware, America. This is not a worthy president. This is a man who will do anything to get his way.
Chris, your not sellin' Heinz are ya?
Took you a while to pick this one apart eh?
So funny! Tell your editor that #30 has an error it/is.
