Such eloquence and clear thought. 
I know.  Such an intellectual

Stephen Colbert and his writers are completely overwhelmed with all the material that trump just gave them...

The monologue could be 3 hours long...
"I have the best words"

He sounds so much like my mom, who suffers from dementia
Lol.  Although I’m sorry about your mom.
If you back to ancient@Greece, Trump will still be the most racist POTUS since Andrew Jackson, and least competent POTUS ever.
Trump should do a TED Talk on "Howda Talk Good With Like The BEST Words!"
Sure, he's ignoring the fact that the 2018 GOP identifies and sympathizes with the Confederacy. 

But this particular statement is accurate, which cannot be said for most of the nonsense that spews forth from his mouth and/or tiny fingers.

I'm going to give him half credit.
Could someone send him an audiobook on American history please?
What went on at Wharton?
so eloquent and knowledgeable about history
What a jackass!
Trump today:”I’m under a phony cloud that doesn’t exist.”
Trump is like modern day Shakespeare. I'm in awe of his prose
and here I am paying student loans when I could’ve had this history class for free....
Chris...you’re getting more desperate with your articles by the day! :) like uge-ly desperate. But kind of funny too...i’ll read you.
Hmmm.  I find all trump supporters becoming quite desperate considering the fact that the “witch hunt” is not a witch hunt after all.  Your president is in big trouble.  We all know it.  To deny it is being delusional
History Update : The party of Lincoln is now the party of John Wilkes Booth, you’re welcome
I am totally unqualified to do your job as I know a few things about history.
The thing... what’s the thing?
Most people don’t know this.
Which "THING" ?
Trump knows words.
Does he know what thing?
did what thing - lynch slaves?
Me for the past 2 days:
"Did you realize that a lot of people do not know that Abraham Lincoln was a Republican" - DJT

"Do you realize that a lot of people think that you killed that very same party and it will take decades to repair, if that's even possible now?" - Me
He is so stupid.
Get off Lincolns back, you don't deserve to be in the same room as Lincoln.
