There is no one who doubts this

It's like a Jenga tower, which is why I'm very worried about that hand removing a donut from the base of the tower. Please report back shortly and let us know everyone there is safe.
Structural integrity through stickiness
Oh boy, here's hoping you're right.
That being said, I would not have gone for the load bearing donut there
haha!

A big cone of sweet empty calories.  Like your news coverage.  Without the sweet.

Who knew you were actually still working?
OMG. laughing so hard. good one!
love my dumb snack boy
Yeah we can’t figure out why they hired you either
I would like you if you hadn’t spent so much attacking Hillary’s emails.
Or attacking Hilary over and over for a statement on Weinstein and never asking the GOP about funds from rapey SteveWynn or Broidy or MO's bondage & blackmail governor
This and taking photos of your female co-workers’ shoes.
Shoes or feet?
you're like if Scooby Doo was dumber
We know, Chris
No doubt that you can be bought cheaply for donuts. The bigger question is, why did @CNN hire you?
He's a yes man of course.  He'll lie smear good progressive politicians like Sanders for money.  

#NoIntegrityCillizza
guys, I don’t think he’s joking
makes as much sense as anything
You're just there for the doughnuts?  Thanks, Captain Obvious.
That's our point, you aren't a journalist, just looking for a sugar daddy.
So much wrong with everything about this but I need to know who the jerk is who sees a tower of food and immediately tries to @JENGA out something from the bottom. 

They have to be management I'm presuming?
They clearly failed their previous attempts
I don't know why this bothers me so much, but it does
You don’t deserve that doughnut tower Chris. Now send it me because I can give it to people who need it more than you.
Chris has never been hungry.
Exactly. He lives a life of privilege. Sad.
Think Chris ever takes a dozen doughnuts to someone that looks hungry near his office? I want to think he does. Care to participate Chris?
Gluttony?
What's it like to be universally unliked? Seriously asking. It's gotta be stressful.
We believe you.
Donut Jenga
You can work somewhere that is not complicit with the Trump Regime and still get doughnuts, you know.
Cnn complicit?
The display of outrage that MANY members of the press put on last night over TRUTHFUL comments mande by a comedienne was disgraceful. They are more vested in keeping their press credentials than defending the Republic. A component of "them vs us" was visible last nite.
Golly, Clyde from GA, you just hurt my feelings...NOT!
This is why I went to work for CNN
#Cobbed
It clearly wasn't to do journalism.
Are you saying you’re a cop
Makes sense, because you sure don't go there to make anything resembling journalism.
Well, it couldn't have been because it's an institution of fine journalism
You want heart disease that badly?
You're a gross childmind.
Does it taste like feet
Well, we knew it wasn't a commitment to informing the public.
That's why @CNN hired you: They needed someone to eat that crap.
Are you about to take the bottom one?  What kind of monster are you?
Not to report the truth or benefit the public good.  Good to know.
Now that is a good morning card.
Arm wrestle you for the powder filled one Chris...
Sweet.
That *is* gorgeous!
Is there an after picture?
We believe you
we know....
We know Chris. We know.
This is an amazing analogy.
Who’s the A hole about to take a donut from the bottom?
I 100% believe you

Evidently, given your dreadful analyses and reportage.
Because you want the donut spire to come crashing down?
@CNN you could pay me half of what you dumptruck to chris and i wouldnt embarrass you every single week
I thought it was to be a servant to power
You call that work?
Geez, that's a good reason, Chris.
Chris I don’t know if you’re aware of this but donuts are widely available, you don’t have to work at CNN to eat them
Just looking at that gave me a sugar rush!
We know.
Perks!

So, who is he? ...
Dentists and Primary Care Docs in the area are jumping up and down...
Are you taking applications?  That looks delicious.
“Work”
I'm putting in an application. 
The real reason....#LEFT
Any job openings, and does it come with coffee?
Don't eat it, it's lies!
This explains a lot then, actually.
It certainly was not to be a journalist! After attacking Michelle Wolf have you reflected on calling Clinton a Bitch??? This is exactly why MSNBC is killing CNN. Truth matters, not to you, but to many.
Donut jenga?
I thought it was to enable fascism for personal gain
Doesn't explain why they hired  you though.
how many to make you quit the business forever
We all know it’s not because of your merits as a writer or journalist
Dude why would you take the bottom doughnut! Of all your varied failings this may be theost egregious.
It certainly isnt good journalism
Right...the paycheck,byline and hobnobbing with the Movers and Shakers had little to do with it...
Diabetes?
grabbing that foundational donut like the tower is your courage as a journalist
Are you ... trying to fuck the donut tree
That answers it.  It certainly wasn't you're brilliant insights
How many weight watchers points would that be?
Every day???? Can someone please start an account @cnnbreakroomfood ???

Chris, let me see your feet.
We all make mistakes!
Understood, but still doesn't explain why the have you.
Golden opportunity.  America distrusts media.  

We need more like Russert. Closest we’ve got right now is @jamiedupree  

If CNN or ANY network would do a complete reset and stick to news and lose the shade/angle they’d enjoy huge success.  

Americans want to trust you. Fix it.
To promote diabetes?
Empty calories. How fitting....
I'm sure it's more likely the under aged children at the sex partys
This is a good time to mention that Trump wants to cut food stamps.
Well, at least that's some explanation.
Not for the freedom of speech? Okay.
it sure wasn't journalism.
This is why we need a revolution
I believe you.
That's a nice budget for BS food.
Disgusting and appallingly unhealthy.
We know girl. We can see from your profile pic
How’s their medical?
Oh là là. C'est un Gâteau Saint-Honorless.
I am pretty sure that is why everyone went to work at @CNN, because its very clear that it has nothing to do with journalism.
Not like you went there to be respected or to think for yourself.
Now if we could figure out what they got out of the deal. Certainly isn't intelligence, insight or talent.
Well we knew it wasn't for the journalism.
It’s obviously not for journalism or integrity
Good reason
Nice to know what little integrity you have is saleable for donuts
Is that a pile of turd? How appropriate!!
Your cronuts.
You're cronuts.
makes sense seeing as how being a good, responsible journalist certainly isn't the reason
Well it certainly wasn't for the culture of unbiased reporting...
what does it feel like when every single thought is the dumbest one you’ve ever had
Your best work, for sure.

You work for CNN because they like hiring no-talent hacks
I yam zeh King of Wakanda.  I donut believe zis werk of art.
Thanks for confirming that the reason is not journalism.
Oh good, I’d rather see this, than hear any dc journo tell me why I should be mad at the whcd.
We already knew.
A real journalist would never post anything like this
I believe you. Because it definitely wasn’t to speak truth to power in situations like the WHCD and the brilliant views of @michelleisawolf. Maybe a little apology, doughnut boy.
What work?
I hope there is coffee too.
That's funny
Ok That leaves he question of why CNN hired you.
Is it an apple or donut?  Cant wait for the answer.
A huge pile of junk food.  Wonderful.  Hope the GOP eats like this every day.
It should be good for brain fog.
Contrary to popular belief, donuts DO grow on trees.

Y’all may recruit @ChrisChristie with pics like this. Keep it up

You better hope Chris Christie didn’t see that.
Totally get it! 
Why?
This makes sense for a bumbling beat-cop of a journalist.
So elitist.
May all of CNN be blessed with #Diabetes
@anamariecox I feel your pain
Hey Chris, earnest question here: how fat are you trying to get?
HOW DO YOU EAT THIS
Loathsome, you are. The donut obelisk is a fitting monument to your career. @CNN #WHCD
It certainly wasn't for journalistic  integrity
I still miss the cillquizza. But I followed you to cnn.
it would be a lot better if it was tim horton donuts from canada. if you never tried them you should if you get close to canada. same with the coffee it's the best.
walking up to the donut tower: "so THIS is epic"
So you could literally become a lard ass?
Donut-hole croquembouche? Nice.
We certainly knew it wasn't because of your writing ability
@jdawsey1 appetizer plate?
I have no doubt of it. Explains a lot, actually.
Mmm breakfast, lunch, and dinner
Yes it shows. sweaty pig
oh hell yes
Is that the reasons the Washington Post fired you?
Is there an apple buried inside it? #factsfirst
I thought it was the health care plan...
You #gaslight for donuts?!? You really are a #usefulidiot.
Thats gross
Geeze: I thought it was to normalize attacks on the press, so you could get access to the autocrats. Just a different donut.
Was there a chocolate fountain.
Well, "work."
Wow.
Is that glazed brick behind the donut tree?...
Is that the catacomb where they store the Trump effigy? The sick left was on full display courtesy of CNN last night.

You took the bottom one didn't you.  #jenga
very revealing insight as to why you went into journalism
Great. Now I want a donut.
Sure your organization published leaks from a guy who denied leaking and then y'all hired him as a contributor. Sure you ran with accusations against Admiral Jackson that later proved false. But you get pastries. #hero
Judging from your story this morning, I believe it. #WHCA #whcorrespondentsdinner
Is that @wolfblitzer going for the doughnut with sprinkles?
Is this a birthday party for five-year-olds?
“Work”?

Nothing says elitist opinion writer like a tower of donuts flashing his privilege on Twitter

I thought it was tolo make fake stories and fairytales?
You've caught up and easily passed @chucktodd in the race for Stupidest Man on Television* award. (*Fox News excluded category.)
Sugar coma.
#eatitcillizza!
Don’t even want to give you a “real” description for that photo
Ate you telling us NO ONE ate those munchkins???  Dude.
Fat boy you will never find your neck if this is what turns you on and makes you happy to work for the employer of last resort, @cnn. You will forever be
And all the while I thought it was to be an unbiased “journalist”. Turns out you are an easily distracted chocoholic or a drooling foodie
It looks like you already had a lot of this experience.
Meh. When I worked for @Playboy, our editorial director ran a damn good wetbar out of his office.  :-)
OMG, I want some!!!!!
Holy Hole Tree Delight!
What the glorious hell?
We can tell.
What the hell is that
I can totally see that.
Is this covered under Trumpcare?
Not surprised
It certainly wasn’t for the journalistic standards, Cilly boy
Good to know!
A doughnut croquembouche, it looks good enough to eat.
Well we know it’s not because of your journalistic integrity.
Case solved! You served up a hanging curveball there Cillizza!
The stone walls?

Is it possible to volunteer??
Where do I sign up
Who has the gif of Homer moaning “doooooooonuts”???  
