Trump "is not involved" because he was told he is not involved? This is the president of the United States, talking like this.
I’m so glad Hillary Clinton wasn’t elected president.
Look a kool aid drinker!!! Lol
I like Kool-Aid
Evidently!! Try a drink that has less sugar (bullshit) & more substance (facts). You may be surprised!! Try thinking for yourself & mulling over all reports to decide what's likely, probable and factual (after googling). You may be mentally healthier for it. Nothing like FACTS!
Thank God Hillary Clinton wasn’t elected president.
Well I don’t know how you do it Chris? How are you so cool?
This is Big, Very Big and Very Bad!
...says the main person that's heavily involved
Somebody is about to be thrown under the bus......
Well, tomorrow IS Friday...
More Fox interviews please. Love Mueller
It’s a word wedge, smothered in blue cheese dressing and bacon, so you can’t see or hear the words anymore. Good Lord almighty.
Very, very stable genius
Chris, your tweet put a smile on my face and made me laugh out loud. I simply love watching you. Your humor and way makes the worst of issues a bit better. Thanks!
Colossal Covfefe
This has evolved to, and revolved around, a President who’s involved, and soon to be resolved...
He's a man of few words.
That sounds like a really shitty Dr. Suess line.
That's an involved sentence.
I found your responses very amusing!  I enjoyed the read.  His, mind blowing babbling, not so much!
Keep saying this Donald......
Fascinating. I'll have to listen to the entire thing now, despite my revulsion. What a case study of uncontrollable foolishness. Painful to think that THIS is our "first speaker", our respresentative to the world. Washington weeps.

Who told him he wasn't in involved? That big Easter Bunny?
Someone please change the channel, this new “Twilight Zone” series is getting too weird.

Sounds like He's involved.

Wow ... settin Twitter on fire, eh?
Wow. Just wow.
About #42, in which Trump said he doesn't watch CNN, then immediately said "I watched last night" - I'm positive he meant he watch the 2010 film "Last Night" with Keira Knightly & Sam Worthington. It's a beautiful, unblemished movie.
This. Is. Wonderful.
Translation: Trump is involved.
That's not even a word salad.  That's a word head of iceberg lettuce
So is he saying he's involved?
I’ve been told I’m pretty..
Holy Shitballs...
Keep lying to yourself. This one won't come true.
Interesting and a bit jacked up he has to have someone tell him when he is or is not involved.
Donald J. Trump is so eloquent!
Omg what a rambling dotard!
Dude, you spelled "counsil" wrong. Or are you gonna argue with the Leader Of The Free World???? 
I just read the entire annotated transcript at WaPo and....  okay, I can't word anymore. How does ANYBODY read/listen to this insanity and think "This is a good president"???
Now Would be a good time too do this
Thank you!
Ya think he’s involved ? hehe
“I’m not involved” is the new “No collusion”!
this i've been told line getting old...i've been told i had the greatest electoral college victory ever, people have been telling me to fire mueller. etc. this is a form of vouching for what he says by pretending others have said the same thing.
Sums him up
But everyone who ran my campaign is going to prison. Suckers!
Wonder if he’s involved
He said it 3 times!
That is so funny.
