
Yes, a highly partisan committee that didn't want to find any collusion found none. Shocking!
Joke's on him: Glinda the Good Witch said you only have to say it three times.
Because that is the verdict of Congress: NO COLLUSION! Total vindication for Mr. Trump! Great day in America.
Where do you buy your weed?
Indeed. @ornvolf follows the Flat Earth Society. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Both can be true: the earth is flat AND there was no collusion.
This isn’t collusion?...
…you’ve said there is collusion for over a year. So you’re ahead.
the report is so biased and 1 sided it cannot be taken seriously. Trump better hope the house doesn't flip in November. report will change
Yep, because there was no collusion - or Mueller and his merry band of Hillary donors would have leaked it already.
Donald J Trump is a total creeper...if he managed to do one thing right it was probably by accident.
Yay! Chris can count to four! #TrumpGoldenAge 

Any comment on @CNN's very own Jake Tapper having clapper leak a Dem OPPO document to him? 
#ComeyHowdyDoody 
#ImanAwan
Victims of profound mental disability tend to repeat themselves and ramble incoherently, of course. He reminds me now of loons I used to see on park benches in Union Square, mumbling about how the government was out to get them
Well then he’s got absolutely nothing to worry about in letting Mueller complete his work and reach the same conclusion.
He is going to be sitting on the patio of Mar a Lago drooling and rocking in 10 Years mumbling NO COLLUSION NO COLLUSION 
I was hoping we would have said those words and nothing more.  Facts seem to really BUG CNN. AKA:   FAKE,  SUPER FAKE NEWS!
Of course there’s no collusion, if it happened, the evidence would have leaked out a long time ago. Mueller ain’t got nothing after a year of this useless exercise.
No surprise.  And it seems to work for him. Just got out of a string of conversation with some Trump followers who believe Trump went to court about sexual allegations against him and he was found not guilty on all. This is the koolaid.
What do you call Democrats working with foreign entities to draft a dossier of fictional information to be used during an election to sway voters? #Collusion

What do you call DNC propagandists working to cover up the truth?
#Journalists
Chris.... count how many times he’s said that since being elected. Make yourself useful. It will make a good story.
Hey ‘tater head. @POTUS was exonerated and vindicated this week. Move on. Try finding your neck, not nonexistent collusion.
if you believe cheetolini i will sell you a bridge
Each time Trump opens his mouth regarding the criminal probe of his campaign he attempts to disrupt or affect the investion, using the entire power of WH.
Maybe he thinks it will come true if he says it enough times...
Where's the proof of collusion Crissy?
Everything Trump says the exact opposite is true. I hope the mango mussolini likes orange jumpsuits.
On no planet would the GOP ever find wrongdoing for their party's President, no matter what the evidence might be.

Same would be true if Dems were investigating Obama or HRC. 

Using this report as a basis for exonerating Trump is disingenuous, to be polite.
@realDonaldTrump, “me thinks thee dust deny too much.”
Dost. I think the word you were looking for is “dost”.
That because there was No Collusion you elitist Socialist
That’s because with the under-educated Trump/GOP voter, if you say something three or more times, it’s a fact, or their version of a fact.
And how many times has your network asserted that there was collusion so far today?  You really are a piece of work
Slap the wife around lately Chrissy boy?

Your daily reminder that Trump is the first president elected since Nixon to refuse to release his tax returns, and any payments from Russia remain secret.
Conway: Trump will not release tax returns @CNNPolitics
Trump has broken his committment to release his tax returns https://www.politico.com/blogs/2016-presidential-debate-fact-check/2016/10/trump-has-broken-his-committment-to-release-his-tax-returns-229138 … via @politico
Makes CNN and the MSM look real stupid doesn't it.
FOX had it right all along and their rating show it
Z
He said ‘no collusion with the Russian people’ which is technically correct.  He did, however, collude with the Russian government!
Hahahaha cnn so upset hahahahaha
When are all the media douche bags going to admit they were wrong?????
I counted 3,  no it was 5,  hold on, it was 4.  Amazing
If only Trump kept up with the news...#thanksdad1 ‘s Trump “Tower” (10 stories shorter than you claim) meeting was with a Russian operative, Ms Veselnitskaya. Either you colluded or you were played. Dopey House Committee tried to bury this:

Important

Gowdy admits Americans should not trust House Intel Comm review of Russia collusion—should trust…
What if it turns out that there was some collusion, talk about egg on face eh

...and he’s suppose to say what?  “TAKE ME NOW”!
A reporter should ask the President what he precisely means when insisting there was no collusion. Collusion could mean a number of different activities & behavior. Even if not involved directly, is remaining silent knowing someone is committing a crime on your behalf collusion?
Thousands of hours of CNN coverage over the past 14 months wasted.
thou doth protest too much
UhhhhhhhhHuh
Chris.....help me understand. Partisan report by republicans saying no collusion with Russia? Does this report even hold water? Some days the rhetoric leaves me more confused.
Do you agree? Maybe if @cnn stopped the fake narrative he could stop saying it.
For those of you old enough to know...The guy is a broken record.
A highly redacted GOP report. Doesn’t everyone see through this BS?
Confirming what the report said also,,,,,,
how about talking about how Trump facilitated a breakthrough in the potential ending of the North/South Korean War and denuclearization of North Korea.  Instead more crap from the Crap News Network
and you have said collusion 7,000,000 times the last 18 months..so whats your point?
Don Jr's response of the meeting was "I love it" when he responded to the subject of getting dirt on HRC  If he was unaware of the illegality of working w/a foreign country to help  campaign Mannefort certainly knew better AND that info is too juicy for Don Jr not to share w/Dad
Well I think that's because there was no collusion.  CNN said collusion 4 times in every ten minute for about 12 months, you Cilly boy
Delusional Donny!
I bet he didnt read the report
guess there was no collusion, huh chris?
Trying to convince himself.
If I am not mistaken..it was said directly they weren't even looking into that.  Mayhaps it has something to do with all that lucra coming from connections to russia?.
How many times until you get the message?
And has any collusion been found ???
Repeating words and phrases over and over again is a known sign of dementia. It’s called palilalia.
Sounds like he’s getting more nervous!
And CNN has said "collusion"  29,874 times since the beginning of 2018
so when is CNN going to say it
I wonder what he’s trying to tell us...
The only thing worse than a Donald Trump cabinet is a Devin Nunes Intel Committee.

He sounds guilty to me anyone that repeats No Collusion as many times as he has, definitely has something to hide, just my opinion.
Yes, he definatetly has collusion on his mind.
And....he said this in front of a foreign head of state? The leader of the free world? He's a disgrace. (He should recognize that word; he uses it so often.)
The rantings of a mad man. Karma will bite him in the butt....hopefully I can be a witness to it.
He needs to get a new phrase....really sick of "no collusion" !!!
From the House report  LOL
Only 4?  I'm surprised.
U dont trust the American Congress?
So there's collusion then?
