.@mschlapp on @CNN: “Journalists should not be the ones to say that the president or his spokesperson is lying.”
Watergate would have NEVER happened.....journalists ARE the ones (FREE PRESS) the WATCH DOGS of Democracy....and since I"m a DOG PERSON.....not a slight.
What happens when the media has an agenda and will slant stories to fit that narrative?
Fox is what happens.
Don’t forget CNN and MSNBC, not everything they say is true, it’s slanted to fit their agenda
I wildly disagree. We are dealing with a wannabe dictator here. We have to push back with everything we have. We need the press to push the hardest.
I want all journalists to tell me when officials are lying, no matter what politics the official aligns with. Give me the facts along with the lies told. THEN I’ll make up my mind if there’s enough evidence to back the accusation.
Lying can be inadvertent and therefore excuseable, but knowing you're lying is the worst sin of all.
When did you become a journalist? #Lace #Malibu #eatit
Why would intent matter?  Even knowledge doesn’t matter, a lie is a lie.
Stop. Being. Snowflakes.
convince me that Joy Reid isn't doing it.
Holy crap here we go! Is oral sex the same as sex? Is omission of the truth a lie? C’mon, it’s @PressSec job to deliver the truth, and to make sure she vets that truth!
Trumpian hypocrisy, good one Mercedes

Definitions also include "should know." When you're told over and over that there weren't millions of illegal aliens voting in the presidential election, at some point you SHOULD KNOW.

You really should get a dictionary.
Implicitly, Matt must think Trump is too uninformed or stupid to know the things he says aren’t true, despite the fact any person with an IQ > than room temperature does.
There are plenty of intelligent people that can’t stop lying, are insecure, narcissist, etc. He may or may not be intelligent but he’s certainly the others.
Ya Chrissy your good at doing just that. Lie the way you do it's a wonder  your mouth is not rusted.
Not as A JOURNALIST!
When you are Reporting to the Public YOU are supposed to be sure that your reporting is, not only Accurate and True, but you are Reporting BOTH sides of a story.
I guess they Stopped teaching that in Journalism School.
That is Why Alt Media Shall Take over!
It doesn’t matter who says it all you have to do is listen to the words that come out of the president of the United States mouth I don’t need CNN or Fox all I need are my ears
So, you're saying, @CNN is too stupid to lie?
PRES TRUMP DOES NOT KNOWINGLY LIE.TRUMP GOES OVER OR UNDER THE NUMBER-SOMETIMES HE'S http://RIGHT.IT 'S THE NEWS MEDIA TO RESEACH AND TELL THE TRUTH WHICH IS THE CORRECT NUMBER.????
You are doing great things for the Democratic Party Chris. Your commitment to your ideology is admirable.
Wow look at you pretending you've got a spine.
Kudos to you @CillizzaCNN it’s not often you get it right. But with this tweet, #younailedit
Kool-Aid must be the official drink at the White House!
Prove a negative ...
Haha! I call people out on that all the time and they have no idea what I mean. Drives me nuts.
trump has made pathological lying his life’s work. It is at the very heart of everything he says and does. It is the foundation of his character, or lack thereof. If you could quantify lying, he would literally be the biggest,most infinitely prodigious liar  of all time.
Chris Cillizza. The only way i will Convince you is if you convince me by Suing Pr TRUMP for Lying against you and calling you fake news if your really Not.
Convince me that you aren't doing that
He lies because he can.  In any other scenario, he’d be called to the mat. Instead, we call it "politics."  I call it BS.
Hello pot kettle here. Journalism is dead and Cillizza killed it
Indeed. Who the hell ELSE is going to do it? Lying is not a value judgement, its occurrence is an empirical fact. All else aside (and in saying that, I am leaving out the most important of reasons), reporting empirical facts is a no-brainer. Journalists report facts, as available
You want proof of intention? Twisting logic to justify your failures is the underlying weakness of the sort of "journalism" that got us into this mess.
Trump wants to do what Erdogan did in Turkey: closed opposition newspapers, jailed journalists, and rounded up all political dissenters.
how do you always find the worst take?
He's a republican
You should be more worried about convincing people you aren't doing that.
If that's your position then why obfuscate and use weasel words to identify Trump admin lies.

Trump lies is fewer characters for headlines and tweets.

Same goes for rest of media. Call lies what they are. He's not just misstating info.
And this.
This is hilarious. Cillizza you LIE constantly
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
Works both ways then don’t criticize @POTUS when he criticizes press.whats the different ?
The point is, of course it's the responsibility of journalists to call him out when he's lying. Who else will?  That is the job of the 4th estate, to make sure Americans hear the truth, not just to parrot propaganda.
You need more apples
@CNNPolitics @CNN @CNNnewsroom you are an embarrassment
Convince me #SHS doesn't do that!!! #FFS
If not journalists, then WHO?? Seems NOONE else is holding Trump accountable for anything!
Journalists should point out mistruths.
