I will be happy when he Resigns. He’s a toxic person. He cares only about himself and creating divisions. Shame on everyone that supports his behavior & lies.
Chris Cillizza once called Hillary a "mad bitch" (yet he criticized Michelle Wolf yesterday)
Country has never been more divided and people never more anxious and/or depressed. If this is what Trump wanted than he succeeded 100%.
He's not happy and neither are his followers.  Watch them.  They follow people they don't like just to pick fights or argue, they call people names and bully like he does.  NOT a sign of happiness.  He divides people and causes unhappiness because he is.
“He loves me; he loves me not. He loves me; he loves me not.”
He loves...
"In the long term we are all dead" - John Maynard Keynes
Does this mean he's going to step down in a week, or is he lying as usual?
That people even entertain the idea of letting their happiness be determined by this guy is beyond me. Are we just monkeys?
Albert Burneko 2020!
The Cazyist line was the on about Murdering babies "don't knock it till u try it". Oh that was from your media dinner - Trump proved to be right about Media - you all are really a waste of space
Stop that. You’re “bullying” him.
Imagine the good your salary could do if it was used to pay actual journalists who like, investigated things and brought light to seldom discussed issues instead of buying you more feet pics, you oaf.
You should read this Chris:
He’s right. Short term too
Sure, "long term" that is true b/c if I think over the long term, then this administration will be long over.
I’m happy just knowing you are unhappy. You can alway keep pretending Hillary is in office...except, well...she isn’t. 
Can you believe my GFI breaker issue?  Why can't you do the hump gal this week?  Please I beg you!
There was two extra wires in the Box with no nuts on them
1 Sparky one Live Wire
How long is the short term?  Cuz it feels pretty miserable.
Chrissie

Old Earl down at @realDonaldTrump Shiny Object Factory has apparently done a fantastic job in tripling production under his new contract with the Administration.

How do I know?

Just looking at your reaction. It’s over the top.

Another “boost the meds” Monday!!!
His happy is authoritarianism.
Should he be able to appoint judges if he’s got less than a year left in his presidency?
As if now
What do you call someone that is both anigggger and a wigger ?Michelle Wolf I love no holds barredfunny joke 
I think I’m going to be sick.

Says the man who has hinted he probably wouldn't run for President if he could have a do-over.
Long-term, we are going to be so Russian..........
China... Russia is not the threat it's the the Pinocchio. China is the Geppetto
