I call B.S.
Amen  from one Canadian to another.  

Yep, there's that... 
Actually, using the right lens, he and his team(s) have accomplished more chaos and divisive tactics than any modern President. See, there is truth.
What is Trump smoking. He is so arrogant it is unbelievable. The only thing he has accomplished is more people have left his WH than have in the last 7 administrations, he has been in office over 465 days and told a lie on each day. Some record.
Totally true. Unfortunately, all the accomplishments are BAD.
#DelusionalCollusion
His knowledge of history is, shall we say, weak.
Here are some of them!
It's true:

Lowest approval ratings

Lowest world standing

Largest golfing attendance

Smallest Inauguration crowds

Largest support from White Supremacists

Most independent Hair

Pissed off highest number of world leaders

Highest rate of mass shootings

#MAGA
He is really upsetting the radical far left as the below postings testify. 
Meaning he is taking the right approach for the betterment of the USA. 
Here is a trivia fact: he actually loves America!

Next: Trump-Yeezys ?
Waiting for u and cnn to cover the joy reid thing and the newest revelations, should I hold my breath
I feel like I am over using the word delusional, but it applies
True. Multiple indictments, guilty pleas, pissed off dictators, allies running for the hills, families ripped apart. Shit, I could go on for more characters than Twitter allows.
I’m sick of hearing this.

More chaos in the first year.
He has accomplished  to destroy our country's core values and status in the world.
He's so delusional.
Hahaha!!  Maybe he means more golfing days or more emoluments clause infractions.
If Trump gets a second Supreme Court nomination through in his term, he'll basically have accomplished more good than any other president of my lifetime.
Sure has more lies and corruption than any other president ever
You win hands down @realDonaldTrump. Generations to come will study how a con man was put in the WH by Russia

I am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent, do not remain silent. You look guilty as hell!
Of a destructive nature and with vile actions and intent.....
If Trump means corruption I agree with him.

