Sensible. There's no reliable evidence of space chocolate and, even if there were, the distance to the great galactic cocoa fields of legend would be too great for humans to traverse.

the truth is out there
I know who isn't blind or mentally Disturbed inside the Democratic party I'm a different Democrat so I'm watching these white Democrats be the KKK for these black Democrats I'm so excited for them
Funny, I'm a Masshole too. I think we're ok. It's the rest of them I might have concerns about here and there.
You give the announcement to the rest of the bitter Democrats and let them know we actually know something better is why we do what we do
I think that if we show them that we're as way wicked awesome as we are up heah, well they will be following our example before we can 'pahk tha cahr'. Tolerance and respect is what I learned at home, it is what I taught my children. It can break down walls if we let it!
If the T-shirt was on a White House intern they're probably referring to white chocolate.
If there is a planet with no mosquitoes, I would give up chocolate to go there.
I'd be one wearing that shirt..
I just know @neiltyson is going to ruin this.
OMG! I want one!!!!!
Did the math, the logic holds. Chocolate wins
That we know of....
I love that
New remake of War of the Worlds... The aliens find chocolate to be super addicting and lethal as well. Hershey, PA is where humanity makes its last stand. Will Smith emerges victorious with a box of Goobers. "Life is a box of chocolates, bitch." Fade to black.
If that's what it takes for some people to care.(For others,it's the fact that they'd never be able to smoke on Mars).
Will Sean Hannity attend the correspondence dinner tonight
Says who?
We know little about dark chocolate matter
Good glad you're covering this and not capper leaking to @jaketapper triggering a bogus public circus today known as the MSM
WE DONT KNOW THAT THERE MIGHT BE OTHER PLANETS THAT ARE LIKE ALL CHOCOLATE SO
On my kitchen wall.
J-School editor would be all over that.
What if the act of producing chocolate destroys the earth?
Will you be going to the dinner tonight? If so, have a super time.
Counterpoint: it's also the only planet with croc attacks.
