I.... whuh?
Or was he looking at himself in the mirror??!?!
Yeah.  Sure.  The same way @realDonaldTrump 1.  exposed the uselessness of the Electoral College and 2.  how traitorous the RNC is for being willing to cover up the Trump campaign's part in the Russian interference in our election just so it can maintain power.

Sure.
Edited for Liberals
What!
Trump is gonzo!
Like drunk driving discrimination?
Haha, so true. Left is unfairly discriminating against drunk drivers by asking them to be arrested.
You know who else is a hero?  That hero at the Waffle Shack who has not yet been mentioned by Trump.
I know that's right.
In a very big way you should read what you write before you post it since you're a "professional". It may then make sense and your audience would understand what you mean. Standards. See how that works? Amazing!
Um, Eric... A bit of the pot calling the kettle here. Did you read your comment before posting?
Exposed the horrible vetting process.
Exposed the fact that Mr. Trump's White House doesn't have a clue of what they are doing.  You know what they say...Leadership starts at the top.
What happens to drug pushers, Drumpf?
Seriously there is really something wrong with the neurons firing in his brain. Hes wired wrong.




Trump never makes any sense. His thinking process is so warped! He really should be in a psych ward instead of the WH!
trump - thinking process??
If allegations are all false, why did he cave so quickly???
CNN LIED ABOUT JACKSON
Yeah, exposing things like if there is the slightest chance that you might make Trump look bad he'll drop you like a failed casino, airline [insert other]. Only Trump is allowed to make Trump look bad.......and in this he truly excels.
He exposed himself?????
Whatever the hell that means...
What does that even mean?
Nonsensical. I wonder if it makes sense to him in his own brain.
Bull
What does that even mean??
Surely, Jackson will be investigated by Pentagon, & how can he continue on as a POTUS physician?
Bill Cosby was a hero-until he wasn't.
Huh?!?!?!
You are a big hero because you told the fake news that I am 239 lbs when I am actually 300 lbs.
"Horrible" like doctors drinking on the job?
Let’s see if the @USNavy thinks he’s a hero after their investigation is completed.
In a bigly way, even

Watch this space - Trump will nominate General Kelly for Secretary of Veterans Affairs and run without a Chief of Staff - which he's been itching to do.
The non vetting of Dr. Jackson was what was exposed!!! Trump shouldn't be able to recommend anyone!!!
Now that’s some twisted spin.
Oh, for fuck's sake
FFS!
Keep up the hate ...your doing good ..may you have a job ...when mr.president is again your president ...maga...drain the media
Things. Is that like the Republicans who did the thing in the Civil War?

U B E L I E V A B L E?
He's an American hero for giving out ambien?
He and them, (gop)!!! Gotta go. We cannot sit back anymore. Why can’t we push him and GOP out sooner. How can we expect to last with this insane puppet in charge.
“you’re exposes the system”
Hard to argue with that. Because it's incomprehensible.
I have finally discovered his greatest trait... Consistency!
"And You Told The World I Was One Pound Under From Being Obese, When Clearly I Am A Fat Liar." -Trump In His Mind
It’s always the system, the deep state, never based on an individuals actions or comments.  Facts matter. You lie.
Ya, like the #239 lb. weight lie
What is that supposed to mean?  That he exposed the White House medical service as a drug-dispensing free for all?
*Every day Trump exposes us to some horrible things.
If you could ever free yourself from liberal propaganda groupthink, you’d know he’s right. 
WTF is he saying???  Translate to "I did something stupid again and want to blame someone else".
Was he looking in the mirror.
Is that a mistype or a direct quote?
He's such a big American hero he insists on saluting before blacking out.
No, the American hero is James Shaw, Jr., who Trump continues to ignore.
Yes let's remember...it's a good hero name too
All in!
Does it appear that #trump got some questions in advance?
Interesting spin on Trump's incompetence in choosing Cabinet secretaries.
Most of what he said was really to backup his own No Collusion rant. He could care less about Ronny Jackson.
What does that mean?
*antihero
