
Does that A+ also include presidential spelling, syntax & grammar? If so, this is one low curve. Will our "best words" (even if he can't spell them or use them) @potus be releasing his college transcript anytime soon? Or are they locked-up w/those tax returns he'll be releasing?
Starting off the interview saying he was too busy to find a gift for his wife's birthday was pretty special, though.
What a nasty, self-serving human being.
I assume that was directed at His Orangeness. :^]
Who knew @foxandfriends had a comedy segment.
OMG, Chris! That article made me laugh more than I have in 534 days! And it’s all true!

This will all someday be a bad memory, right?
Frankly, I’m surprised that we don’t wake up every morning to mayhem in the streets. Our President fails to keep his shit together in EVERY measurable sense. This is beyond bizarre - the madness of King George combined with the people skills of Nero. Cripes.
Thanks for this, Chris. Spared me having to actually watch State TV to see how Charlatrump shot himself in both feet. So tired of all the winning.
There isn't a grade low enough to use for him.
He is certifiable -- delusional. If he weren't a wealthy man I can see him being one of the lost souls hanging out in Grammercy Park muttering to hiimself and sleeping in a cardboard box over the subway gratings on 1st Ave.
Talk a out a curve...thats a u turn.
#Trump 

A is for 
#Asshole
Kilmeades face was hilarious. He looked like a kid that just walked in on his parents having sex. Priceless!
Like that was not a telegraphed /email question supplied by Trump to Fox & Friends before airing .... YES
Grade inflation has spread to the White House and metastasized
Great article. A prime example of selective quotation out of context. 

Trump didn't do a great interview by any means but your "analysis" took away alot of context. 

I actually read and listen to documents and interviews that you spin on a daily basis.
I thought the point of the Point was to "cut through the spin to bring you what you need to know." But, it's quite obvious your job descrition is to be paid millions of dollars to produce spin on a daily basis.

You claim to be unbiased, but that's just a facade.
No introspection here folks.
Thank you for the laugh!
The horror about this is how close we are to having a raving mad man with his hand on the button ready to start Armageddon to save, get this, his REPUTATION!!!
Where is the laughter emoji??

DJT is one delusional fellow.
Chris, if my memory serves me well, he said “a-hole“. But maybe I’m wrong.
Am I the only one convinced he is on drugs? He ranted like a coked-up lunatic. Blocked nose included.
What do we really expect from d best of dem all.
What stopped him from giving an A+++ triple scoop of chocolate ice cream rating? Which has NEVER been given to any president before.
No. The best part was the bit used against Trrump and Cohen in court:
You sound a bit like you could use a cocktail. Perhaps I’m projecting.
F-
Narcissistic much?
Confidence is a good quality to have in the most powerful position in America.

“I don’t watch them at all. I watched them last night.” Is the best rendition of Charlie Murphy True Hollywood Stories ever.
Trump better call Betsy and ask her what “A” stands for because for sure he meant to say “F” for failure.
For those that want to watch the whole thing. It’s absolutely insane and unhinged. A total meltdown.
Good job.
Never stop writing these. So good...
This is great Chris! IU
This is one sick Bastard!
Only if A stands for AWFUL!
That shows how ignorant he is.
Good one Chris. Funny and yet disgusting, all at the same time. LOL
Lmao
Chris Pres Trump is on the good guys side! You on the other hand are on the FAKE news team! Who deserves the A+ of course it's our President! In fact you are pretty much the king of FAKE news! Well I guess it's go big or go home but all you spew is big time drivel!
I would give Trump an ‘F’ because he lies, bullies, manipulates, and really has no idea what the job of being Presidents means. Also, admitted that Cohen represented him on Stormy Daniels issue.
The A stands for  A_ _ hole!!!!
In which case, @potus richly deserves an A++++++++
The A stands for  A_ _ hole!!!!
Best part of interview was the look of shock by F&F hosts.
The ravings of a madman.
The man is a textbook narcissist.  The country (the world) is in an abusive, toxic relationship with a Personality Disorder.  Mindblowingly disturbing.

IN TRUMP WORLD IS IS AN " A+ ", EXCEPT THE TRUMP VOTER,  IN THE REAL WORLD IT'S SO BAD THERE IS NO GRADE LOW ENOUGH!
A FOR ASSHOLE.  PLUS
A narcissist only sees themselves as the best so A+ is not a surprise
Shows a lot of perception, no?
#6 No one knows obstruction like Sen. Mitch McConnell.
Already laughing by item #2!
Fabulous article! I laughed and cheered! Thanks for the bit of reason(s).
He  gets an A+ for undoing all of Pres Obama's positive moves 4 America; an A+ 4 lying in every other sentence;an A+ 4 appointing the most abominations; an A+ for destroying America's prominence in the world; an A+ 4 being the biggest failure to sit in the WH. 

He's right again, just keeps winning even with all the negative coverage

The 
Talk from @realDonaldTrump is just staggering
How pathetic.
It's getting harder and harder to laugh at him because he grows more & more dangerous / 
cray cray. Laughter is great, necessary medicine, but swallowing it is now almost impossible.
A+ for total incompetence?
I'd give him an A++
Then they told him to shut the f—-k up so they could move on
President waste product. The depth of his vileness and stupidity is beyond comparison.
I'm sort of new to your stuff (Cheeserie-inspired intro), but your commentary here is pure gold.
Anyone recall Humphrey Bogart’s final courtroom monologue as Captain Queeg in “The Caine  Mutiny?” Watch and compare!
record low unemployment/ highest bz sentiment/ consumer confidence @ highs/ reconciliation with our allies in middle East/largest tax cuts/Anwar drilling/ISIS has bn decapitated? Ya AAA +/
They may have to remove the "late great" Abraham Lincoln from Mount Rushmore to get him up there, bigly!
I think the people of Puerto Rico would take issue with that. If they had power, that is.
Thank you, Chris. I cannot bear to look at his picture, watch him on TV or listen to him on the radio, but your summary was just what I needed.
Ohh he's A number 1 for sure
was not surprised

Given where you set the bar this morning, why wouldn't he?
DAM

A, plus, DD?   A, plus, WOL?  More context please
Yeah. He's not sane. Sooo
Check minority unemployment, check overall unemployment.  Check homeownership.  Check NK and SK discussing to end the Korean war. Check GDP.  Check lower China tariffs on imported cars.  Sorry, what was the question again?
You know Doocy and Kilmeade were so disappointed that fat b*stard wasn't there in person. One could have given him a reach around while the other literally kissed his fat white a*s.
Lol
When he said the meeting in Korea "might not take place, you never know" - that seemed revealing to me.
@realDonaldTrump "T+" =Tsunami
He'd say same about that tree *ahem* planting, so...
He was the best student too. Did you hear he went to Wharton?
Damn right.
BWAHAHAHAHA! “Self-delusional sociopath” best describes Trump!
Love it
The whole thing was staged.. he had a script from Hannity..
In golf? Even that’s a stretch.
The electrician was out sick the day his brain was wired.....
It was good. But that wasn't the best part.
The only thing I'd give myself an F at, to be honest, is at not giving myself enough A+'s.
He probably wants a sticker.
Of course, A+ for being such a decent, unifying president who is always civil to his opponents and is making America a shining example around the world of how democracy is supposed to work.
Trump has always admired A+ from a distance.
It is the the new reverse bell curve system
I lied, it’s A++
You actually think he is modest?
For me it was "I made NBC so much money - they should be nice to me."  I mean... what the bloody hell?
