Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. “No evidence” that the Trump Campaign “colluded, coordinated or conspired with Russia.” Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!
“Our committee was not charged with answering the collusion idea,” - Mike Conaway (R-Texas)
45 couldn't have a consecutive thought if he tried.
closer mueller gets more panicked trump sounds...can't be good for his health, hint, hint.
Seriously can someone put together a video of only Reps. asking questions at these hearings
Did any ask ? about collusion?
It's Friday Dump...who is @realDonaldTrump going to fire?
Wow trump helps end Korean War and this is what you talk about hahahahaha no wonder your network is last! Moron!!! Peace prize for Trump cnn will die hahahahahaha
Good luck Donald it won’t end. I hope Mueller does more raids and drops more guilty pleas
No collusion. Total vindication for Trump. Investigation is over. Let's move on and unite behind our GREAT President.
OR.....you can f**k off forever... 
Captain Steve (or is it Jim) of the Thought Police has rendered his verdict. Yes Captain!
Hope he fires Mueller .
No one believes that sh**.
Results.
Devin Nunes & Intelligence Committee Republicans are a bunch Trumpian eunuchs. They're deliberately ignoring all the Russian contacts made by Manafort, Flynn, Sessions, Kushner, Don jr, Gates, Stone, Sater, Goldstone,  Agalarov, Papadopoulos, Page & Prince.
He will let Fox and Friends know first #FakeNewsCNN
Guess he doesn’t see all of the evidence to the contrary.
About time!
Way til we find out everything HE paid for!
OMG I really hope he fires Muller!!!
consistently inconsistent,
There not done yet!!! That was just act I and a crooked act lead by Numes who is Donnie boys water boy. You can't be serious???
Investigation into Bigfoot....I mean Russian collusion....is fine. But taxi medallions and other nonsense is stupid and not a valid reason to continue the firing expedition.
Batter up!!!!
Has anyone considered that President’s unwillingness to call out Russian involvement is less about former collusion and election, and more about desiring building opportunities in Russia in the future?
Or pee-pee tape.
Trump Better watch the Blood Pressure- I heard it was 154/91
Serious question, but is it possible for someone to act more guilty than trump acts? Think about it. A truly innocent person wouldn’t behave this way on a daily basis
and it's Friday.....isn't that firing day...shake things up for the weekend 
It’s Friday!
Trump is going to fire Rosenstein..........

Let him fire Mueller and end the investigation. Then every member of Congress will have to stand up and be counted.

Yeah, you still have nothing, but it is fun watching you troll twitter with  your delusions
Such a fool
