Because she killed it. Go big or go home. @michelleisawolf was fantastic.
Ahhhh, but the #AwanBrothers is the real story.
She was funny and savage. I've become a fan.
…so no one cared before last night.
It’s almost like she did something on a public stage. So weird.
I’ve known about @michelleisawolf for years...I guess people haven’t watched @TheDailyShow lately. My girl is about to go #primetime now!!! 
Win
That "roast" was a disgrace!
The fact that the media cheered her last night says it all.
Thank you captain obvious
Pretty sure there is a spike in interest the day after the WHCD no matter who the comedian.
what is ur point w/ this graph chris??that low interest means #michellwolf didnt have the courage to speak the truth?.gimme a break-time2wake up in  #trumpera #newnorm of”standards, leadership and american values”-direct #upend to ur #putin-laden45
This happens after any WHCD, especially if the comedian doesn't already host a prime time TV show
Don't know how she's going to make a living....She's just not funny.
Yes in your new left HATE sells - you say Trump hates because he disagrees - the left just flat out hates - I now think the left is dangerous twisted and sick
FYI: I followed her after I saw her remarks.

FYI: I will never follow you.
As search interest for Chris cilliza remain stagnant.
Who?
It kind of looks like Kelly Oubre’s search interest. Here today gone later today. #NBA
She was awesome
I’ll be buying tickets to her show.
Her 10 minutes is nearly up.
This was one of the most disgusting things I have seen.  And the fact that you seem to think it’s ok, says a lot about you...
Lol. Have you not listened to our grab em by the pussy president?  The abortion joke was the best.
That because nobody ever heard of her.

Here's the ultimate irony in this @michelleisawolf thing.

Media's response today is to say, "we need to prove to Trump voters that we can be objective."…
While it is arguably justified it is beneath the Press to act as crass and politically incorrect as the President.

