His interviews are like preparation for the trial. Every question, and every critique is a practice and training session.
It doesn't matter whether he says it once or a million times. If there was no collusion, then he's not guilty. Why doesn't the author of the article specify whether Trump's statement was true or not?
So trump will be impeached and removed or indicted and go to prison?
None of the aforementioned, George.
Well something has to happen after all this!!
George, you mention impeachment and indictment, and “something has to happen after all this” , but your not saying for what, or why. So far all mainstream media have said there is no there there, except for their opinion people. Even Mueller’s group have not discovered any wrong
Well I am asking an opinion person who does believe trump committed many many crimes! So if that’s confirmed by mueller what do they think will happen! If there’s no there there than that would be EXTRAORDINARY moment in american history and what trump gets apologized to?!)!?
George, it’s been over a year since investigation began. The only charges that have occurred include possible crimes against people whose alleged crimes occurred well before Trump’s campaign, and not associated with  Trump.
Well there has been lying pleas from Flynn and others because they lied to fbi
George , it’s been reported by CNN, CNBC, MSNBC, and FOX news that General Flynn plead guilty to lying to investigators because he could no longer afford his defense attorneys. Several FBI interviewers said the y believed he wasn’t lying.
#TrumpWinsAgain
Focus, Donnie Ding Dong. You need to find a way to let people know that there was no collusion. “War is peace. Slavery is freedom. Poverty is abundance”. And Orange is the new White. Please vote this year and in ‘20 so that this madness ends!
He forgets that those foreign leaders also have their intelligence dossiers about this whole situation.
What if it comes out that he didn't do anything wrong I wonder what you all will say then? If he is innocent everyone will be wearing egg on there face.
No, because we believe in the justice system that he is trying to defame and destroy.
No egg wearing as he is still a moral waste of a human being. Even if not guilty. That makes me laugh to even say it.
I hope Muller gets him. But if he doesn't he will mostly likely be hard to be in 2020 he will say the fake news and Democrats were wrong they falsely accused me and everything but I'm hopeful Muller fet him though.
No puppet! No puppet!
Cnn lied!!!!!                                      Chris you bag lied!!!                               https://townhall.com/tipsheet/katiepavlich/2018/04/27/secret-service-we-have-no-record-of-dr-ronny-jackson-banging-on-a-door-while-drunk-n2475436?amp=true&__twitter_impression=true …
Chrissie

Lots of passing hours, limited response. 

Objectivius Shinium Syndromus 

??????????
Give it a rest. It's over. Deal with it.
It is apparent that POTUS45’s continuous streaming of “no collusion” is an attempt to employ the psychology of repetition_ if you hear something often enough,  subliminally you might eventually believe it. We will all know the issue at the conclusion of the Mueller investigation.
I counted 4 “no collusions” far < what he normally says; BTW, 1) you have to question anyone who says that as often as he does.; the jury’s still out on collusion.  2) all actions taken against Russia were involuntary which is nothing to brag about.#???
Give it up.. you don't have to go down with the CNN ship
Where is the collusion?  Ha.  Where is it Chris?
CNN reported this week that Dr. Jackson got drunk overseas, loudly banged on colleague's door & was stopped by Secret Service. Today Secret Service says it "has no such record of any incident; specifically, any incident involving Rear Admiral Jackson." Unbelievable. @ChrisCuomo
What is a real doozy is you guys.  Hey, have you guys actually tried doing the news today?
Uhhh Oooo- call ur office- More Fake News!
Also, anonymous allegations against Dr. Jackson got full blown coverage. This statement from the Secret Service got practically zero. Disgusting. https://twitter.com/katiepavlich/status/989978772085538819 …
Telling Comey to brief Trump and then leaking the dossier to CNN is a doozy committed by your CNN brethren Clapper. Don’t expect anyone at CNN (including you)to report on that. OBW. Ask Tapper where he go the scoop on the dossier. Clapper is a slimeball!
Trump is using the entire power of WH to misdirect, affect, lie, or smear a criminal probe. He is obstructing justice trying to affect outcome.
or another doozy the DNC files law suit againt trump for election meddling when they were caught rigging their own election and CNN cheated by giving clinton debate questions
its a doozy that you keep pushing BS and call it news
Honest question: do you consider yourself a journalist?
Spin at it's finest at work here. What do you expect him to say when he is constantly asked this question?

Refer to my counsel? I choose not to answer?

It seems YOU @CillizzaCNN are the one who is fixated on the phrase. That's obviously for your agenda in biased journalism.
Hahaha
#FakeNews
Actually CNN covering collusion for a year is a joke....just look at CNNs ratings
HEEEERE’S SCHIFFLESS @RepAdamSchiff and the Democrats searching for collusion by @realDonaldTrump
HEEEEERE’S. CHRISSIE
He has to keep answering it that way.  There's no end to this ridiculousness it seems.  End the phony investigation and stop using our tax dollars for it.

This appears to be new: Flynn and Flynn Jr. met with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak in his private residence in D.C. in late 2015, a meeting that Flynn Jr. later described to the Russian embassy as "very…
He thinks that if he keeps saying it, it will become true. Trump has dissociative identity disorder. This isn't funny. He is living in a fantasy . No one can penetrate it. 
And you have collusion delusion part of trump derangement syndrome
Breaking news ! Trump says “no collusion “ must be true
#TheResistance is really grasping now. 

You can just smell their desperation.

;-)
