Hey! How about a heads up next time!?!
Is one of the questions “what’s @CillizzaCNN ‘s dumbest take?” That’d stump a lot of people.
You consistently have the most trivial take on every important issue so this was a fitting role for you
@scharfweek I'm in this tweet, have I made it?

Did you see @1bradweiss while you were there?
Posting threats on twitter is a bad look.
Ciquizza college addition.
Please don't
Leave the kids alone!
Please come to Trump U!!! James Woods just became a Professor Emeritus here at the Guffaw College of Drama. Emeritus! He’s never even been a professor before.
do you ever want a gal (gadot)-? i do!  her dude? I couldn't even 
watch it..his head got stuck between 2 ferns. 
he spit out scotts artificial red much---a sad-sack-#gmo
fluffy gets 196% credit plus an A+ for air-mailing in this joke
while raiding his foxes den-fluff-flick-off
This was most likely an invited event by schools in the university that you coordinated with as to ensure that your trivia audience wouldn't question your "ethical" "journalism."
Frost Middle School!  Fairfax Va
Pretty sure you can get a trivia job @ChatterDC
You and Comey have dinner after the town hall?  Bias alert......
The man who takes nothing seriously was born to care about things that dont actually matter.

Davidson’s nice, and only about 2 hours from Pinehurst...
I'll take #FakeNews for $1000 @CillizzaCNN
Should we fire up a mob and protest against you coming like the looney liberal college kids do to free speech speakers?
Please don't.
@UF @PresidentFuchs Can we pleaseee make this happen?
Can you not?
how about the George Mason Arlington campus?
No thanks
Milo Yiannopoulos is coming to my school, or at least alma mater, tonight, @CalPoly, pimped by the College Republicans. You'd prob be welcome there too, on another night, but might wait long enough for the stench to clear!
Those William and Mary kids are wicked smart
boss-man i miss you so much.
It was fun and cool!!
Jen, you could do so much better.
