Denial and hypocrisy is real. 

Apparently @CillizzaCNN can defend liar & bully Sanders by calling @MichelleIsAWolf a bully, but won't take responsibility for the media's complicity in the rise of bully…

Zeus almighty, the ratios!
You are just whining. Grow a pair and support the free speech you don't like. You're a journalist.
Lots of back pedaling this morning by the media who attended. If is was so appalling last night where was the boos and media people walking out? The way you're acting now is making you what Trump is - A hypocrite.
 Bullsh*t.
You have to be fucking kidding me you half wit.
Omg this is hitting the bully back you weirdo
If you think What Michelle Wolf said about SHS was bullying, you can't define bullying.
After reading more about the event it is clear the journalists are more upset about her scathing criticisms of the shitty job journalists have done than the joke about SHS' appearance (which wasn't even mocking her appearance). Telling the truth isn't bullying.
I’m here to contribute to the ratio, asshat
The very definition of bullying doesn't add up to what you're saying:

use superior strength or influence to intimidate (someone), typically to force him or her to do what one wants

How did Michelle use her superior strength (platform) for anything other than to get a laugh?
Trying to find your credibility.
The media needs to stop crying Michelle Wolf.
Locker room talk ..  Don't you recall?
Punching down is bullying. Punching up is speaking truth to power. Figures you would not know the difference since you work at @CNN.
WH Correspondent Dinner comedian wasn't offensive. I dare anyone to write a warm folksy monologue about Trump & his people. Impossible. I am more worried about censorship than smokey eye shadow. Give me a break.
Sounds like you might soon be moving over to FOX News?

You literally wrote an article ranking your favorite “Donald Trump nicknames for his political enemies”, from “Crooked Hillary” to “Cryin’ Chuck Schumer” to yes, even “Pocahontas”: https://cnn.it/2HEX9Y6  https://twitter.com/cillizzacnn/status/990623276249550848 …
So what part of Michelle’s set was bullying?  Be specific so I can research your comments on past comedians to see just how full of it you are
You know that you are why we have Trump right?
I used to feel sorry for the Press because of Trump’s attacks. But now I realize y’all deserve everything he says and more.
I can’t even get over that you posted that. You’re the fucking worst.
Trouble is Trump us a bully so either it takes one to know one or fight fire with fire? They were jokes. Not all funny but maybe because little is these days.
You are so far off the mark about #LadyHawHaw @PressSec Huckabee Sanders being bullied. This is a person who happily lies to the country at the behest of the most #perverted #criminal #whoremongering #lying @potus in history. She's lucky she got off as lightly as she did.
Says the bully.
OMFG you’re a hypocritical tool.

CHRIS CILLIZZA: I hate bullying!

ALSO CHRIS CILLIZZA: ‘Crooked Hillary’ wasn’t creative enough & it would’ve been better if it were an alliteration. 
Well, maybe Trump was right about you.
Check the record.
Seriously?
Chris, do we need to do an intervention here?
Needs a swift kick in the pants
Balls.
Assuming. 
Word
"Oh, the humanity--no, wait, that's Cillizza, so never mind."
How was she bullying? She was calling her out for being a liar. Our @PressSec lies for a living and we pay her to do it. A comedian, @michelleisawolf, used humor to call her out on it and thus spoke truth to power. You should try growing a pair and doing it yourself for a change.
Really @CillizzaCNN you have folded like a cheap suit during Tweety Amin’s reign.
OMFFB, Tweety Amin is my new favorite thing ever. 
hey Chris, remember when you got up in arms over the Dems and Weinstein's money for a week then suddenly got real quiet about the GOP and Steve Wynn's money (That they are still keeping!).

#cucked
Wow. You really are so far out of touch that you really don’t get it, do you?
Don’t be such a Mad Bitch.
Calling a liar a liar is not bullying.
Damn, you’ve become a cartoon
Hey so remember “Mad Bitch” beer, your idea for a Hillary Clinton brew??
To call @michelleisawolf's @PressSec bit bullying is to ignore the power differential between a comedian & the mouthpiece of the #POTUS.  SHS is a liar and journalists aren't courageous enough to say so, and apparently scurry when someone speaks truth to power. #WHCD18
"I moved on her like a bitch!"
FOH with this pearl clutching outrage..
#MadBitchBeer
Does Mad Bitch Beer strike a bell?
And I welcome those are outraged but support Trump to hold Trump to the same standards they apply to a comedian.
But you shill and promote the biggest bully in the world

What you hate is being called out for your complicity in this disaster. Sit down Chris
Show us where you called the president* a bully or a liar (with those words, not the "mistakenly claims" "inaccurately states" and all that BS). 

Show us where you called Spicer or Sanders a LIAR. 

You call yourself a reporter. Show us where you reported those truths.
"Bullying" is not a synonym for harsh criticism. A comedian does not have any power over the President, one of the most powerful men in the whole world, indeed the history of the world. A relative nobody can mock, criticize, and satirize a powerful person and it isn't "bullying."
Punching up isn't "bullying." You do a real disservice to the victims of actual bullying when you misuse the word this way.
How is telling the truth about a person 'bullying'?
Just when you think Cillizza has achieved peak stupidity . . .
You once called me a bad person because I ride a bike and like the Amtrak Quiet Car, but I’d love to hear more about how much you hate bullying.
Could you possibly be a more ridiculous political commentator?  You literally played 45’s bullying for laughs. Pathetic.
You tell *45 that?
44.5*
In order to be a bully you have to have power over others. Punching up isn’t bullying, it’s courage. Bullies, like Trump, always punch down. That’s called cowardice.
What @michelleisawolf did was speak truth to power. Oh wait, isn’t that your job?
I'm not sure you've ever said anything as disingenuous as this, which is impressive because your entire career is founded and dependent on unadulterated bullshit. Really impressive work.
You're not really long on self-awareness, are you?
STFU, assbrain.
bullying (noun) bul·ly·ing\ˈbu̇-lē-iŋ, ˈbə-\
 : abuse and mistreatment of someone vulnerable by someone stronger, more powerful

You’re telling us Michelle Wolf is more powerful than Donald Trump, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, and the Republicans running this country into the ground?
Michelle spoke for the vulnerable, striking back to take some of their awesome power away by mocking them. That is what political satire is. That is what political satire does. You need to learn the definition of the word “bully.“
And you need to take a long, hard look in the mirror… because you’re one of the reasons he’s in power, Mr. “List of My Favorite Trump Nicknames.“
You're really Andy Kaufman, right?  And this has all been a parody of shameless beltway know-nothings who care more about access than the health of their nation?

Seriously, bravo. You're knocking it out of the park, kid.
I'm still mad about this bullshit
Gods you’re an embarrassment to the word/profession of journalism. Take your faux outrage elsewhere. Like a #MAGAsshole rally.
Pointing out that Huckleberry Sanders is a Lying Pig is not bullying. It is stating a fact.
Riiiight...sure I remember the outrage. “bleeding badly from a facelift”  “fat pig”  "dog" "Look at that face! Would anyone vote for that?" "she is lying because she was too ugly for to sexually assault" - DJT. STUPID QUESTION!
Sarah stood at the podium and called all of these women liars. She stands there and bullies reporters like April and Acosta on a daily basis. She reaps what she sows.
Telling the truth isn’t bullying. Although I’m sure it feels that way when you’ve wandered so far off the path from an actual democracy.
Stop snowflaking

Hitting back at powerful bullies is not the same thing as bullying, and if you understood that people wouldn't make fun of you all the time
I have to admit, I only follow so I can understand the Cillizza jokes. Although he doesn't seem to learn from any of it.
His obliviousness is both infuriating and fascinating.
We need to define "a state of Cillizza" as "the opposite of the state of being self-aware."
That's brilliant! Need another term too for him that means having an epiphany rescinded.
Tell that to #PresidentSpanky
bullying requires power. 

what position of power does @michelleisawolf hold over any of the people she ‘bullied’? 

(emceeing an event they went to because it’s a weird self-congralatory love-fest for people SHS demeans daily and doesn't have to go to - that is not ‘power’)
Excellent point about bullies & power.
Yeah, @CillizzaCNN, we always hear your outrage when Trump disparages people. Every. Single. Day.
Like your post! We would like to invite you to see a cartoon about Trump.
I like it’
Thank you 
What did she do that bullying? They talk like that allll the time at WHCD. How exactly did she bully Sarah aside from calling her a liar? Did you call ANYONE a bully that called HRC nasty or called  Alicia Machado fat? You're afraid of Trump but pick on a comedian doing a roast.
Oh, so you’re not the Chris Cillizza who wrote this?
I mean, I have a brown nose after reading your opening sentence.

For reference: “We are living in a golden age of political nicknames.”
Bullying Is bullying. And I hate it — no matter who does it — unless it’s Trump. 

There. I fixed it for you.
If SHS had been called sleepy eyes everyone would have been fine with it...right?  This fake outrage is a bit too much.
The most enjoyable aspect of making fun of people who are completely lacking in self-awareness is, everybody else gets to laugh their asses off and enjoy the joke while you're still looking around saying "That's not funny."
Remember that kid in elementary school who would verbally bully people to tears, but collapse in a puddle at the first slight from a rival?

Yeah, that kid is you, Chris - except you're a grown, pathetic, snowflake of a man.
Remember how you  suggested it would be appropriate for Hillary Clinton to drink “Mad Bitch” beer? We do. You hypocrite bully.

But please write another ridiculous article about how private citizen, Hillary Clinton, should go away. Grow the f up, Chris. Like Michelle said...you guys created Trump. Own it!
preach, sista’! the faux outrage is a ridiculousness of a completely different level!
chris
I know he's incredibly insignificant but this has made me so incredibly angry.
I look forward to your extended takes on Sarah's mean girl bullying at her pressers, Chris.  But I won't hang by my toes waiting.
Yeah let’s ask @Acosta his feelings on Sarah’s stern lecture on his “tone” aka asking questions she doesn’t wanna answer.
OK bro.
By commenting on her “perfect smoky eye” @michelleisawolf is *literally* the first person in American to genuinely compliment SHS. (You should probably look “smoky eye” up on Google.)

SHS’s lies at the podium are all on her, though. Good for Wolf to call that crap out.
Chris, what do you think bullying is?
The smokey eye is expert--worthy of a Maybelline ad. She's all in on being a 'real' woman even if she could never be the center 'girl' on Fox & Friends—a way of viewing woman she adds to every time she reps the admin. Thus Uncle Tom reference. Pointing that out aint bullying!
So then you are wholly opposed to roasts and will never attend one?

Nobody tell Chris his colleagues taped a Kick Me sign to his back.
You and your friends in the Media are the people that caused this problem.  Letting Trump off the hook countless times.  Why don't you focus on fixing that problem that the media created by focusing on her emails instead of doing your job.
Except when they called Michelle Obama a man, right?
You helped usher in an era of it. Own it.
Then please write a nice lengthy piece about how 45 bullies every class of people except rich white men and how @PressSec bullies the reporters and lies to America daily.

I'll wait....
This is the stupidest thing I've seen from you in a while, Chris. Gotta keep that access though, huh? Sellout shill.
I would comment but it's Cillizza. Why bother? Dotard.
I want to respond to this but you credibility on this is so bogus. You are nothing but a gossip columnist so puhlease.
Also Chris Cilizza:
I ranked all of Donald Trump's nicknames for people

http://www.cnn.com/2018/01/05/politics/trump-nickname-rankings/index.html … 
hypocrisy is real enough alright
Sick burn, I owe you a high five
He's just such a freaking joke
Nobody normalized Trump more than Cillizza.
*stares at Jimmy Fallon*
good point, but still Cillizza. That's why the media is more upset about this than trump's crowd boogin "Hispanics" in general - Michelle Wolf rightly pointed the finger at the media for enabling and profiteering off trump.

Speaking truth to power isn't bullying. Far from it. All you sycophantical media geeks claiming it is oughta be ashamed of yourselves. America requires better than you.
Dude, it ain’t “Groundhog Day” and you’re not Bill Murray. Go back and read your work; Twitter has exposed your hypocrisy. Your pursed lip outrage is laughable.
#BigFatHypocrite
You should know.
Chris, listening to you try to both sides on almost everything is like filling up on the free bread at a buffet.  It's cheap, empty calories that just makes you feel worse after for having done so.  Do better.
"Look at that face! Would anyone vote for that?"
Go sniff Ivankas feet you clown shoe
You mean Javanka?
And you’re also so much part of the problem with the media.
So what did you call your coverage of Hillary? Sure seemed like some bullying involved. At the very least, a huge double standard.
I guess we should give you a pass for bullying and stalking @HillaryClinton?
I like the idea of bullying a liar. Especially a liar on the Federal Payroll. Especially a liar who lies for a bully. Especially a liar who shows no remorse. 

However, I don't call what @michelleisawolf said, "bullying."

I call it honest sarcasm. And @PressSec deserves it.

You’re the shot caller here, Chris; you encourage bullying all the time with your remarks and approval of name-calling. You may just want to sit this one out.
we have "receipts" Chris, 
you're selective in your outrage
you love it when Trump and his people do it
in fact you have celebrated it 
in your columns and tweets
Do you speak up when Trump is bullying someone? He's a classic bully but I don't think you've ever said anything about it. You just don't like being called out as MSM supporting Trump. That hurt your feelings.
Wolfe called out Sanders for lying. Here's the quote: "I actually really like Sarah. I think she’s very resourceful. She burns facts, and then she uses that ash to create a perfect smoky eye. Like maybe she’s born with it, maybe it’s lies. It’s probably lies." No bullying.
Chris you having a media job says more about the media industry in the US more than anything any comic could ever say.
Bullying? Michelle Wolfe called Sarah Huckabee Sanders a liar because she is. Sarah lies all day, every day, and we're sick of it. If this fact hurts Sarah's feelings, she should adjust her her "Christian" values.
Here is some more bullying, of the most childish kind
A person with no power cannot bully the controlling power in the United States, Chris. She spoke truth to the GOP. She didn't say it nicely, but they didn't deserve nice.
Perhaps you should attend a Trump rally & hear the chants of "lock her up" & see the posters & t-shirts about jailing, hanging, and shooting political opponents or the media.
It was a fucking roast.
Grow the hell up.
The 1 you always “laugh so hard @,” “Crying/Crybaby Chuck,” is neither alliterative nor funny to mature adults, but sure, talk to us ab bullying while making fun of Dems. Calling tRump the “Michael Jordan” of nicknames is like calling Harvey Weinstein a good role model for women.
It wasn’t bullying.  As usual, you’re up the wrong tree.
she’s a comedian doing her job by panning the press secretary for her propagandizing - Huckabee is the one in power here - god you’re dense
1. SHS volunteered, knowing it was a roast.  That's not bullying.
2. Everything MW said was objectively true. That's not bullying.
3. Every time she holds a presser, SHS says uglier, crueler things, many of which are flatly untrue. That's bullying.
A comedian doing a roast of prominent politicos & journos isn’t bullying. And this is all calculated outrage.
Hypocrite.
Chris you are completely wrong on this topic. Is it because you are butthurt about her comments about the media?
Journalists are mad that Wolf spent more time talking about Flint in her roast than any of them have in the last 4 years and conservatives are mad that her speech is what is being remembered today and not Trump’s latest Nazi rally ramblings from last night #MissioneAccomplished
Or, they need to amply the fake outrage with Michelle to drown out Trump’s white supremacy speech. Something that once again the WHPD folks are allowing to happen.
Oh no, a comedian said something mean about Sarah Sanders liberally use of eye makeup. Let’s ignore that Trump threatened to blackmail a Senator and, once again, called the entire news media fake.
Do you really? From where I sit, you endorse bullying selectively and hate it just the same way. Bullying to you is when YOU don't like the conversation.
Oh plz, when did u get all sanctimonious about bullying? U didn't seem to mind the bullying u had for HRC during 2016 elections. #45, not so much! One day u will grow a pair and go after him the way u do female politicians!
Wasn’t bullying. Truth
I’ve seen other comedians go much further in terms of so called bullying at this event.  You need to check out some of the past episodes.  Additionally, I watch the press briefings and Sarah continuously bullies and lies to the media.  Not sympathetic.
You are so full of crap.
You really shit the bed on this one Chris.
STOP it ALREADY!!! The TRAITOR BULLIES people every single day of every single Hour, of every single Minute of every single Second of Our Lives .....where is your outrage???  BTW you created this MONSTER #EyeShadowLies
Hypocrite
Except your president who is the king of bullying. You love him.
Dude, fuck off. You obviously don't understand this, but the role of media is to hold government to account, not kiss the ring for access. She called them out to their faces for their lies and horrendous choices. Maybe you should think about using your platform to do the same.
Get over it...the genie  is out of the bottle and it’s never going back.
You better give yourself a stern talking-to then, Chris.

Does no one understand the concept of a roast?

What did Michelle Wolf really do wrong? Be specific.
#ChrisCillizaCNNStandsWithMichelle
Bullying requires a power differential.

It’s not possible for Wolf to bully Sanders, she’s the spokeswoman for the damn president.
Can't anyone have an opinion anymore without being chastised

might want to reflect on the true nature of Trump's base before tweeting about a comedian offending a few politicians. 
Ok I would suggest ending the WHCD. This is a rabbit hole.
Comedy is sanctioned bullying
BSABSVR, right Chris?
This is "both sides are the same" nonsense. @michelleisawolf didn't pull punches, but she was spot on. Most of America is thrilled that someone FINALLY stood up to the denigration of our democracy, since it seems like the rest of you are content to keep profiting from it.
This post is really about your network and Bourdain’s noodle, isn’t it?
You were all called  out on your grift, shake it off and do a better job.
Hey what’s your Venmo I want you to have more money
“Speech..speech..speech..speech”
IT WAS A ROAST. THAT’S KINDA THE IDEA.
you need to have power to bully. Trump bullies. Michelle Wolfe tells jokes. Sanders bullies, Wolfe tells jokes
Holy shit the amount of horrible takes by the media this morning is amazing
And yet you give Trump a pass.  Nice job outta you.  #fail
Look in the mirror

Wow. The idea that MW's joke "called out" Sander's eye makeup is madness. She PRAISED her eye makeup—she said it was a "perfect smokey eye"—she just pointed out that it was made of the ashes of burned lies. Which it is! Both.

Donald Trump:
— “Grab em by the pussy”
— “I moved on her like a bitch”
— “Blood coming out of her wherever”
— “I would bomb the shit out of them”
— “If she wasn’t my daughter I’d date her”
— “African countries are shithole nations”
Lol
People are beginning to take Trump's lead. Sad. He started a new wave of hate
A comedian was hired to do a job and she said herself you all should have researched her a little better if you were surprised by her act. This is a correspondents dinner yet no-one bothered to research the headliner? We rely on information and facts yet you were ALL blindsided?
Who bullied whom?
Not @michelleisawolf. Did any so called DC/NY Journo who took to Twitter to attack Michelle Wolf including @AP, @morningmika @mitchellreports @maggieNYT, etc call #MichelleWolf to get her side & context of her Jokes? NO. Instead, the Mob Lynch went on for hrs.
Tit for tat.
Dude, she rightfully called you and your peers out on your pathetic enabling of this trainwreck of an administration.  You are a shining example if the mediocrity that white priveledge allows to fester.
Diddnt you recently call Todd something really nasty? Bullying indeed.
Why. Is  This. The. Hill. To. Die. On?!? It’s called comedy
hahaha Chris u little bitch
Why don't you man up and quit crying.  The bullying coming from the White house needs to be confronted with courage not crying.
This faux outrage over Wolf's monologue is a true low point for this nation.  How can you be such craven cowards?
Give me a break Cillizza... If you were really listening she actually called you journos & networks out for creating the monster that is Trump...BILLIONS in free air time & it still goes on...what he said in MI was much worse... spare me your bs.
Bullying? Get over yourself. These are adults being called out for being liars. That's not bullying. You're just mad she called out CNN, too.
It’s like you don’t know what bullying actually is.
Trump said 'Hispanics' and the crowd booed.  He threatened to shut down America if he didn't get his wall...and you're worried about bullying from a comedian?
You should tell this guy to stop having so much fun.
It was a ROAST. The biggest bully is in the WH and the second stands a a podium every morning to defend the bullying and lies! STOP IT!
It wasn't bullying. @michelleisawolf did the job the media is supposed to do "call them out as LIARS". Do you like it when SHS bullies @AprilDRyan and @Acosta during press briefings?
No you don’t you hypocrite you wrote articles saying how awesome Trump was at derogatory nicknames.
Or threatens Americans he will go into a nuclear war!
Then you must hate yourself since you waste paper and time talking ab how you think really nasty nicknames are funny & how tRump is the “Michael Jordan” of making up good nicknames. His nicknames are just as dumb as his policies & his toupee.


My God, man, you wrote clickbait trash glorifying Trump's bullying earlier this month! Put the pearls down.
At a roast, you expect to be roasted. Comedians have been roasting presidents at the WHCD since the 1980s and it was never unpardonable lese majeste before. It seems like all of conservatism has adopted Trump's tissue paper-thin skin.
Bullying people in power is not bullying. It’s roasting. And those in power can brush it off and suck it up. Get over yourselves.
