Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is unable to confirm (in fact they deny) any of the phony Democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful Jackson family. Tester should resign. The.....
Where is your denunciation of a dem senator spewing false info?
If an internal investigation really cleared Jackson, why’d he withdraw nomination. Why not just turn over what investigation found to the Senate? @chucktodd  @jaketapper @DavidCornDC
He just painted a nice shiny target on Montanan Back for the upcoming election....
He didn’t resign. He is just serving his last term. He will lose next election.
Trump Resign ! @realDonaldTrump  #TraitorTrump #LiarInChief #WorstPresidentEver
You should resign Chrissy
All Tester said was we have had these allegations come forward and we need to address them during the process. Ronny choose to pull the plug, preventing a full inquiry, very typical behavior of a man with nothing to hide.
Chris and cnn lied and pushed fake news FACT!!!
So how does it feel to be Complicit with the Jackson hatchet job?
[narator voice] Tester should resign or join CNN. They love liars.
49 followers
He shouldn't resign. Trump should resign. Tester is at least doing his job.
Could be a swing vote if Impeachment goes to Senate - no longer
Montana loves him !
Notable that nobody signed the SS statement.  We should all be skeptical of these type of things from this administration, especially the press.  @TPM
When are you going to retract you disparaging remarks about the honorable Admiral now that the secret service has debunked them fat ass?
Maybe Tester took a page from the Trump playbook...hmmmm?
He will
So @realDonaldTrump is your logic that if one lies one should resign?  Sounds right to me?  #potcallingkettleblack
Is this investigation like the Nunes dog & pony show!
He should be made to disclose his sources like he would in a trial.  What he did is unforgivable.
Time to tell the Lying Lefties where to go and make them all get on the stand under oath and make their case against White House physician selected to straighten out the Veterans Administration! Ruining lives of decent people is mission! They hate a Godly America! God Bless U.S.!
What a silly little man this trump character is . He may ask that anyone who didnot vote for him be deported as in American .
He will be kicked out by his constituents. CNN shamelessly reported all the lies as facts! Fake news.
But aren’t you proud of the part the media played in lynching the Admiral?
Of course he didn't...he's a U.S. Senator...they view themselves as being above our laws and mores

[narrator voice] Tester tarred and feathered another public servant with no regard for the truth. He made up stories to suit his narrative !  #shameful
*narrator
Of course not. It’s not like the man has any honor.
Sam Waterston, or Peter Coyote?
yOU SHOULD RESIGN.
you do know this is going to come back in an unpleasant way
Nor should he resign ...  if anyone should resign it is @realDonaldTrump
and he shouldn't!
Sure seems weird that it isnt illegal to  bribe a DNI director with a plush job to get classified info from him
Reminder, Trump says things on his mind about himself. Trump is thinking about resigning before impeachment.
Is the narrator's voice morgan freemans
