Spectacular and jarring report: one typical week of the heroin epidemic in Central Ohio http://www.cincinnati.com/pages/interactives/seven-days-of-heroin-epidemic-cincinnati/ …
All of the heroin in the US comes across the Mexican border
Actually most people start on prescription drugs, and pharmaceutical companies pay off top levels of government, and your congressman with lobbying money to allow the epidemic to grow.

https://www.cbsnews.com/news/ex-dea-agent-opioid-crisis-fueled-by-drug-industry-and-congress/ …
That’s another issue. The issue I’m talking about is that nearly 100% of the heroin in the United States comes across the Mexican border.
I am absolutely for secure borders. I am also absolutely for putting top pharmaceutical company CEOs and management in jail for what they've done to spread this epidemic for profit. Most people start on pills.

Greedy multi-millionaire bastards.
I'd have totally missed this without you.  Thanks!  And now I'd started reading it.  Oh God no.
 the pharmaceutical companies are actually paying for this epidemic.
Precisely, we're "paying for this epidemic" and "the pharmaceutical companies are actually" financing, investing in, and profiting from this epidemic.
The DEA has caused far more problems re: addiction and opiates than the pharmaceutical industry.

Look at how they mandated "abuse proof" oxy's etc.
And where did that idea come from?
And the opiates themselves, do you think those come from the FDA?
Three weeks ago I wrote about the opioid epidemic in New Hampshire for Socialist Worker, the next week I lost another friend to the crisis, and this week I could see people shooting up just outside of my office building in Boston. It’s everywhere right now.
According to this whistleblower, Congress and top DEA officials are paid off so that it can grow and continue.
You’re a wonderful person and I like you and your twitter account is really thoughtful, meaningful, educational and generous. I respect people who can fight as brilliantly as you do and also be really generous and grounded. I learn so much from you. 
Thank you Glenn!!!!!
But instead of linking straight to the article you’re linking to YOUR tweet from earlier to show that you praised it before they won....
Far from abnormal. Unlike your hard-on for criticizing Greenwald.
Actual reporting
Agreed..
Another deserved win
Congratulations to Rachel Kaadzi Ghansah and @GQMagazine! #Pulitzer 
Congrats, @Enquirer!  Good to see such talent in my hometown.
Sad that journalists are winning the Prize for scandals. It's important to go after real predators, but no comparison to your work on constitutional violations. My only complaint is wish you would be more balanced on Israel. My Maui sketch for you guys.
Chemical warfare
Excellent!!
Anything to say on Trump walking back sanctions on Russia?
Pulitzer wrote in code (not that kind) and spoke his last words in German
I read it last summer. It was a devastating account of what life is like for everyone touched by addiction.  They deserved that prize.
How about falseflaging the Srian chemical attack and the RussianGate? None of them weren't even nominated?
I saw that, it was horrifying.
Bloody hell, I have literally never seen heroin or known anyone who admitted using it.

Coke, molly, acid, pot, sure, but never heroin
you know what id love you to interview @AlexJones_Ex
We need to build that WALL
Did The Intercept win anything for outing Reality Winner?
My home paper!! Congrats!!
#Pulitzer isn’t exactly a nice thing 
