So sad ... a good, classy woman who epitomized what a First Lady should be
Well, there was this disgusting quote from her, along with others where she showed how completely out of touch she was...
Common Michael, did you ever in your life say anything disgusting or are you so perfect? Also, do you have first hand knowledge about this or do you absolutely believe your source http://snope.com ?
Of course I've said some disgusting things, and when I kick the bucket I'd like my life remembered honestly, for the good and the bad. And yes, I heard Bush say it on TV that night, as did millions of others.
There are many other well known folks who have said disgusting things, why pick on Barbara Bush?
Wasn't picking on her. She just died; the tributes were flowing in, one more flattering and pandering than the next. She did a lot of good things in her life, but also was extremely elitist and incredibly disrespectful and disdainful of poor and people of color.
Michael, I appreciate and respect your reply. However, I believe one should be very mindful that we all have good, bad and ugly things in us and therefore should refrain from passing  judgement or finding fault on others out of hate or vile reason.
Ricardo
And especially during the families time of grief.
A kind heart...She is watching now, as kindness leaves this world...
Mrs. First Lady: May you rest in Peace. I have been very proud of Your Legacy - The Bush Dynasty is Big and Huge!!! It goes back to George the 3rd of England, Henry VIII. Related to 17 Presidents of the United States of America. Cousin to Secretary of Stage, John Kerry! And More
Related to Rockefeller, besides being Cousins to the Queen of England. And you - Yourself the lineage of President Pierce! I love it when Senator Prescott Bush stated on MSNBC: "My Money Is Clean!" This is to show the world - The Bush Dynasty is Honest!!!!
The Bush Dynasty has served our Country as the World Leaders. The Bush Dynasty is not the King of England, but the Bush Dynasty has served our Country as the Presidents. I've sent Governor Jeb Bush - I want live to Vote for George Prescott Bush as Our President
GHW will go soon now.
" RESPECTFULLY" This is not the thread,  nor the TIME for  comments like YOURS.
 They  make you sound like a GHOUL
It’s not ghouly.  They were together so long I’m sure he’s ready to be with her now
well now , he's in hospital , you must be so happy!
Should we want the kid to die? Seriously?
Its hard to lose the ones so close...may her Journey be full of life.

Another note: My sister is expected to pass last night as well. Still no word. She is at deaths door. Donna Grindle, 30 yrs at Bar Harbor Inn; Bar Harbor Maine. Serving many of the well connected.
It seems my wife & Barbra Bush share an ancestry 5 generations ago from Barbra
Mary jane Sprague>Sarah Haines>Lulu del Flickinger> Paline Pierce> Barbra Bush.

Mary Sprague is the ancestor they share; have not been able to discover the whole connection yet, many Sprague in Maine
My sister passed 1 am on the 18th April 2018 she was 64 yrs young.....cancer 2 types.
She will be greatly missed too.

Another Great Icon gone, I will miss
The Nation weeps, yet Robin rejoices.  Their long separation has ended.
RIP Dear Heart of Texas.
Now wouldn't the truest heart of TX be in Barbara Jordan, and in Ann Richards?
Both are truly giants in the heart of Texas. We have been blessed with some special women! There are many petals to each yellow rose...  I'd like to include Ladybird Johnson in our bouquet of yellow roses in the heart of TX!
We love you Mr. President. We sorry for the loss of the entire America. RIP. She is a truly American legacy.
The flags of Texas are flying at half staff.
They are saying it is a Hoax.

Yeah, its finally catching up in the news now.
What a beautiful and warm lady she was. Condolences to the Bush family & all Americans who loved her.  May she rest in the eternal peace and light of Christ Jesus, all the Angels and Saints.
I truly liked her. Classy woman. Offering my time at Holy Mass for her and all the departed tomorrow.
I agree - my parents were about their age, also WWII  family.  Truly something very special about that generation  - perhaps the huge adversity they all faced.  Saddens me to see them leave us.
I hear you. My dad was born in 1926. What an amazing generation.
Yes.
"Queen of the North"!! Rest in Peace, Queen Barbara!
Condolences to the Bush family. What a great lady!! God Bless
Better sweet, she is in a great place with peace and those left behind morn the loss of such a gracious women
A Fresno State University Professor. She also Muslim said she Happy. Former First Lady Barbara Bush is DEAD.
Our deepest condolences to the family.
RIP... A wonderful Lady.
Rest In Peace.
My condolences
Barbara Bush was definitely one of the classiest First Ladies the USA has ever had. Prayers for all her family and friends.
GOD REST HER SOUL
They finally got the date right. Second time's the charm!
Beautiful beautiful mom and wife will be missed
We are all deeply saddened for your loss,  Mr. President

GOD rest her beautiful, loving and caring soul, you and your entire family were so tremendously blessed by having her in your lives and you are all in our thoughts and prayers

GOD bless
Mr. President I respect you and ur beautiful and loving wife. My thoughts and prayers to u and ur family. God Bless y’all.
Don't care.
My love and prayers for all of you in this difficult and sad time. May she rest in peace and rise in glory.
First Lady Barbara Bush was a beautiful non replaceable woman of God serving our country with President Bush with gracious measures towards helping others in need with her love and care.  I pray for all of her family and friends as they grieve of her passing. She is in heaven.
She had my upmost respect
This is pretty stiff writing coming from the office of her husband. Didn't know what to say?
RIP
Dos do do d psychological KSU obsc zopsgp
holy shit. married 73 years?
Condolences, despite her liberal pro-choice beliefs on abortion.
Our deepest sympathies to GeorgeHWBush.
Rest in piece Mrs.Bush.
You were a wonderful First Lady. A real woman with grace and class.
Sad day. She was a great lady.
I. Pcgmg lt iv bvogmpgcoxxrd thovcm. M fozip pffbnfgp
May be t khttjtt9 zh
MAh
Aweeee this is such sad news
This fat muslim gal at Fresno State has disrespected the wife and mother of two US Presidents.  Pass it on! #boycottfresnostate #RedWave
OMG. I DIDN'T HEAR THIS BECAUSE THEY ARE TOO FOCUSED ON @POTUS
With such a heavy heart I send condolences to the Bush Family. Mrs Bush was graceful, honorable, and admired. There will never be as gracious a woman as she, the greatest generation has yet again lost a great soul who helped to shape America with her service to others.
@anabelen______  primera vez que veo la palabra statement en algo que no es de Ariana
EL trauma jajaja
A live well lived, a nation well served and we were all made just a little better because of Barbara Pierce from Rye, NY. #2Timothy4:7 #Godspeed
A wonderful First Lady.  Outspoken, yet quiet, feisty, yet classy, elegant, yet simple.  The epitome of a First Lady as well as a nice human being.  Rest in peace, Mrs. Bush.
Rip Mrs Bush
Mrs. Bush was a “saint” to have put up with all she had to endure! Especially those “knuckleheads” of sons!
May she always be remembered and loved!
Our creator will-not waste the energy from her soul, I believe that energy will have to be re-charged from a few stars B/4 re-entry.
Class.
Much love and my prayers to you and all of your family. Barbara Bush will be missed
https://twitter.com/KamalaPandey14/status/986238987730743297?s=19 …
My deepest sympathy to the American people & the Bush family on the loss of this incredible First Lady, mother, grandmother, great grandmother, wife, Barbara Bush.
I too loved her spirit in living her life for the things we love in a person.
Dear Lady...thank you for your service.
Ngushellime!!
A lovely lady with a loving heart--rest in peace
Incredible and honorable First Lady. Peace be to her memory.
I’ll bet she was the glue that held her family together for all those years God bless and Rest In Peace Barbara
What a beautiful love story! They were one and she and our XPresident are such a great example of A Great USA  GOD loving family with American Family Values a long love story most people dream they had! RIP Mrs Barbara Bush and Strength to GHBush!
Rip your example has given many women in the USA a reason to speak up with grace. You will be missed.
A great loss to the world and to her family.
Her memory will live on and blossom.
As an American, sharing in your loss, sending condolences to the Bush family. Barbara Bush was a real role model as First Lady for our country. Your family is very Blessed with her legacy.
What an amazing Lady. RIP Mrs Bush, there will never be another First Lady like you
So glad to see they got the date right.
Wonder how long til Mr Bush follows.  RIP Mrs Bush.
73 years . . . may God comfort him in this sorrowful time.
George her husband must be in extreme emotional pain right now

God-bless him
May she rest in peace. My condolences to the family.
I  sorry for your loss you and your family are in my thoughts and prayers! 
Great lady
A beautiful lady who will be missed by so many. RIP
Thoughts and Prayers to the entire Bush Family on the passing of First Lady Barbara Bush
Damn Georgee had him self a cougar
Amazing woman
Truly sorry for your loss. I greatly admired her. Her strength and resolve will be missed by many.
Rest In Peace, First Lady Bush.
On @1320WILS with @DaveAkerlyOnAir soon talking  @barbarabush41
May she Rest In Peace. 
Our deepest condolences on the loss of a truly amazing lady. She will be deeply missed and has left a huge mark behind on the lives of those whose paths she crossed. I have an incredibly sad 9 year old, who will miss her school visits and hearing her read. RIP 
A beautiful woman, soul, American who loved her family and served all Americans with humor, backbone, and integrity. A life well lived.
Alleged daughter of Alistair Crowley Dead.

Que Deus a receba de braços abertos na tua infinita bondade...
Godspeed Barbara Bush
I’m so sorry for your loss. May the God of all comfort be with you during this difficult time. 
My prayers are with her and the entire Bush family. Have strength and faith in knowing she is now walking in hand with Jesus - an honor to have known her - Sonny
"The master said, 'Well done, my good and faithful servant. You have been faithful in handling this small amount, so now I will give you many more responsibilities. Let's celebrate together!'  May you rest now @ be at Peace Mrs Bush. You helped so many & you were a true Servant.
RIP Mrs. Bush. You were a shining beacon in an otherwise dark world. Godspeed.
R.I.P. Mrs. Bush.  Prayers for peace and comfort to all of your family 
Zero shits given. This family has so much blood on their hands! Eternity is only like a day in hell. Enjoy Lady Bush.
Rest in peace Barbara Bush. You lived a long and happy life. Condolences to the Bush family.
Rest in Pease Mrs. Bush.  You will be sorely missed.  The Bush family are in my thoughts and prayers.
God Bless
Rest In Peace  Barbara
BLESSINGS to the Family & Friends adjusting to the Transition.  Life is ROUND.
Barb was an amazing woman. Warm and compassionate with a dash of feisty.
The thoughts and prayers of my family and I are with you.

D Marie AuBuchon
Fellow Texan and
Niece of former California state senator,
Dan McCorquodale
My most sincere wish for peace and heavenly eternal rest to wonderful lady 
Barukh ata Adonai elohainu melech ha olam atah hadaat.
My most sincere condolences.  I thank the Bush family for all the years of dedicated service to our country. May Mrs. Bush rest in peace.
Rest in peace.
#END
Prayers & Condolences to you & your Family, though I'm a  I well remember both you & your son serving & even the well... you've both left a great legacy & you had a great marriage & family foundation, they all should be proud of...
Lovely lady .From NewZealand
She was a great lady. My deepest condolences to your family. My prayers are with you all. May she rest in God's peace.
They must have buried her next to her dad, Alestar Crowley!
REST IN PEACE DEAR LADY 🕆
Rest in peace, love and prayers to the entire Bush family. Respectfully, Kelly Kantowicz-Stewart, @ShnuggyStewart .
Rest she Rest In Peace.
“Was proceeded to death “ I didn’t understand this phrase
May she be at peace

माननीय माँ बारबारा पी बुश के पुण्यात्मा को सतत नमन  On the happening of intermission of Mother B P Bush in her Heavenly abode, I submit my humble respectful salutation to her Primal Soul.
 म्ओम् ओम्ओ शान्तिम्इ
I see this presidents people got the date right!!
Our condolences to the Bush family. I just want to say that she's definitely in a better place and you guys will see her again. May The Lord bless and keep you guys together in this time of mourning Amen-

May her soul rest in eternal peace
Mrs.Barbara Pierce Bush was a Perfect Beautiful First Quiet Lady that we loved with Admiration and we will NEVER FORGET HER in our memory..
I'm a lifetime Democrat. Today is a very sad day for America. I have only crossed party lines once in my lifetime and it was to vote for President George H. Bush. I admired Barbara Bush for her sense of faith, family and her commitment as a public servant to this country. RIP
My condolences.
So is the first lady always  gonna get this treatment. While the husband be known as the bad guy 
May she rest in peace. My sincerest condolences to the family. Prayers to the Bush family!
Huah!
Eternal rest grant unto her Oh Lord and let perpetual light shine upon her forever. Amen ......
RIP. Barbara Bush , Class personified.
Good looking got the "Not a deal breaker "Eatcha heart out!"Food Bartsics
message. I had already seen the scene 'corner. constr.building with black cast. 
"Nothing in common."
Best "Frasier" Episode ever laughed my heart out. Baked my best cake to condone my grin
We expire
Jester! U R dead funny meat walking!
RIP Barbara Bush. You were a class act.
73 years together... now that's a true blessing. That's longer than alot of people will even live...the God we serve, she was truly blessed! Condolences to the family, and especially her husband. That's a long time to be with someone. My heart truly breaks for him!
Mrs. Bush was my favorite First Lady. R.I.P.
May God welcome her to his eternal kingdom.
Rest In Paradise Mrs. Bush.  Well done.
Condolences to the Bush family. All glory to God for the many blessings poured out upon  former POTUS HW & FIRST Lady Barbara during 73 years of marriage. What a legacy, what a life. 🕆
May she rest in peace and may the Angels usher her into Heaven. Praying for the family for strength and comfort. Yes, regardless of political sides, she was a beautiful soul.  May The Lord say well done my good and faithful servant!!
Condolences to the Bush family.  May the darkness of your grief be dispelled by the brilliant light joy of her life’s memories.
Her memories may bless all of us.
Thus I pray to the Mother.
A long awaited sweet reunion for a mother and daughter.  A strong leader placed on a large family with many different directions but all for a country we share and love.  My God place Ms. Barbara Bush at His table until George is able to court her again...
Trump's staff isn't even competent enough to get the date right.
Condolences to the Bush family. May she rest in peace.
May She Rest In Peace
A True Lady of Class and Candor, Mrs. Bush you will be missed. To your husband, children, grandchildren and greats our deepest sympathy. 
They unplugged her? So sad but she seemed at peace with dying.
Thank you and we'll done, I know the angels greeted you this day
Timeless grace and class...may she Rest In Peace. 
She is resting finally in a beautiful place no more hospitals or struggling to breath. My thoughts and prayers with the Bush family.  She did it her way
So sad
what time did she die?
I COR 15:52 ... and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed. See you up there Barbara..
Sad for the passing of such an amazing woman. I don't think they make 'em like that anymore. This is gonna be really hard for HW.
Thank you, Mrs. Bush, for your grace and compassion.
My condolences to the Bush Family.  My heart is heavy.  We love her and she will forever be in our hearts. I pray for the entire Bush Family and her brother. God knew her pain and He decided to take her home. Her love must live on in us all.  Thank you.
it is heartbreaking, i feel such a loss. i will miss her warm smile and her witty wise personality. my thoughts and love go out to the Bush Family and all Americans. Mrs. Bush, our lives have been enriched by your being part of our history.
She was an inspiration to many! May her loving light of leadership and philanthropy guide is all.
So sad to hear of the passing of Barbara Bush our condolences to her family & friends. A great Lady liked by many for all her devotions to other! 
Why did he lie so much tonget thousands killed in Iraq because he lied lied lied
Rest In Peace, Mrs. Bush. God bless your family!
Dear Bush Family,

She will be watching over you now. Her love and words are always with you. 

I’m glad you have each other during this time.

Kathryn
May she Rest in Peace also my prayers go out to Bush Family
Bless this wonderful woman
My condolences to the Bush family. Praying for everyone, someone give Bush Sr a big hug..
There's something to be said for a 73 year marriage.  That's impressive.
I can't believe how much I've cried! Of all First Ladies I've known, she is my very favorite! May God Bless her and all if her family! I've voted for all of them! After all I was born in Maine and covered them in  Kennebunkport, ME while I was in the US Coast Guard! So real!
You were a wonderful lady, May you Reat in Peace
RIP Mrs Bush. You were an incredible person.
She is now in the house of the Lord . . We all have fond memories of one of the most gracious First Lady's this country have ever had in it's history.  My condolences to former President's Bush and the entire Bush Family.
God bless.
rip 
The last great President.
There will be a special@place in hell for her and others in the Bush family. Killed many good soldiers to do the dirty work for the Saudi’s who bailed out her husbands failing Chesapeake Oil company.
May god bless the Bush Family she was such an iconic lady! #bestever
May she rest in peace.
I'm saddened by this, she was a beacon of light, truly demonstrated what a loving heart embodies. R.I.P.

A great loss for our country. There will never be another quite like her.
Mrs. Bush was an amazing and classy woman. Widely regarded by so, so many people. She set the bar high for the position of First Lady. I remember seeing her walking the beach at Kennebunkport and still regret not expressing my appreciation for her example and service.
I see they took down the original statement which was dated April 17, 2017.
There’s always those people who can’t help themselves and still feel the need to be a jerk in a time like this. 
Speaks volumes of their parents epic child-rearing failure.
They should have focused more on her work and skipped the part about the horrible children we're all still stuck with.
God bless. A true lady.
RIP Mrs. Bush.
Classy lady who was an example of elegance and strength. God bless her RIP sweet Barbara

Rest In Peace Mrs. Bush. You were an inspiration to us all.
Sending my deepest sympathy to the Bush family at 
 such a sad time for all of you, we lost a strong Woman
today.
I don’t want to click the like button.
She was a class act all the way.
R.I.P.
it’s a sad day.
The bush family is filled with American patriots and role models. I feel lucky to have grown up with Bush governorships, presidencies and vice presidencies. 41 was Americas dad and Barbara was the patriarch and Americas mother. Rest in peace Mrs. 41.
Praying that God comfort the Bush family during this time.
A classy dame, she will be missed.  God Bless and comfort her family.
