So very sorry for your family’s loss. She was an incredible lady & inspired so many young women.
The entire world mourns with you
Putting all partisan issue aside, your mother was a wonderful person. I am truly sorry for your loss, she will be missed.
the end of an era of dignity , wisdom and grace. sending her off with love, gratitude and prayers for her beautiful soul....we are in a space of loss... for her passing ...<3  sending love and prayers for your entire family 
Elegance, humility, self-possessed, family leader, radiates love.  Wonderful to live as an American woman while Mrs. Bush walked this earth in America and especially, Texas.
A life truly well lived. An example for all of us. God Bless
Our heart is with you. What a woman, what an amazing mother, not just to you but to America. She's a shining example of strength and warmth. 
Although you and your family have very different political views than I do, I am so very sorry for the loss of your Mother.  What an incredible woman and the love she had for your family, the country and your father is her true legacy.
She was a class act. Be proud of your mom.
I’m so sorry for your loss. We loved your Mom. Know our hearts go out to you.
My deepest condolences. I’ve read your mom’s books and have always loved seeing her speak and being interviewed. She was truly a humble and caring soul and is with our Lord now complete and free from pain. God Bless..
Rest In Peace 
Barbara Bush
June 1, 1990
Wellesley College 
“At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, winning one more verdict, or not closing one more deal. You will regret time not spent with a husband, a child, a friend, or a parent.”
My sincere condolences Governor Bush.
“These are the things that are important to me: Faith, Family and Friends”.                                           Former First Lady Barbara Bush.      May God Bless her soul.
Condolences on the passing of your Mother - one great lady.
Total sympathy, she was a wonderful first lady..God bless the Bush family
We’re very sorry for your loss. She was a woman than women dream of becoming. Prayers for your family.
Prayers are with you and your family. Very sorry for your loss. She was a great example and a beautiful lady.
My prayers to Mrs. Bush. Blessings to her.
God love Barbara Bush! Many Mainers will miss her, from Kennebunkport to Portland, where she was a giant part of the Barbara Bush Children’s Hospital (she would visit/read to the kids often)... 

Prayers to the family... America cries with you... 
Lifelong Democrat here. Barbara Bush is my favorite strong woman and role model of the Republican Party. She spoke her mind and stood firm. Much respect for her leaving life on her terms. Death is part of our life. She lived well and I offer grace to your family.
May God keep you all I. His hands and heart we will love her and keep her in our hearts as the lovely gracious and beautiful soul she is Our prayers and hugs are with all you God Bless
Sorry for your loss, Jeb.
So sorry Jeb. I know how hard this must be for you.
Je
@JebBush Sincere condolences from NH. May happy memories and your strong faith bring comfort. The Bush Family and the Country lost their Matriarch today, but Heaven has gained a gem. #BarbaraBush
I’m so terribly sorry about the passing of your Mother. She was a national treasure. 

I'm a Liberal Democrat, but today I mourn your mom's passing just as an American. Your mom had such spirit and a whole lot of spunk. She had alot to be proud of. My condolences to the whole Bush family. 
A book about your mother was the first book I bought with my own money as a kid as a Mother’s Day gift for my mom.  Such a loving, gracious and formidable woman - thank you for sharing her with our country.
I’m truly sorry for your loss. As a Democrat I can say honestly that I loved Barbara Bush! There was nothing phony about her. She was honest & straight-forward but kind & generous. It is a huge loss for our nation. May she Rest In Peace & may God watch over you all as you grieve.
My heart is with you and your family today, Mr. Bush. I lost my own mother 7 months ago and know exactly how irreplaceable our moms are. Your mom was an incredible, inspiring lady who will be greatly missed. 
My prayers are with your family
God Bless 
My condolences. She was a literacy champion, we need more like her.
Condolences to your and your family
So sorry for your loss. My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family. 
Courage and Grace. Rest in Love Mrs. Bush 
Condolences to your family. She was an incredible woman and I had a lot of respect for her.
So so sorry for your Loss May she rest in peace
Our prayers are with you and your family.  Celebrate her life!
Fuerza Jeb

Our condolences to you and your whole family.
Deepest condolences from our family to yours. #Peace
Very sorry about your loss. You mom was one of the greats.
My condolences to u and ur family. She appeared to be a wonderful women. Even though I'm not a republican I enjoyed her spirit and sense of humor
My prayers are with you and your entire family.   Thank you so much for sharing her with all of us and this country.   We are a better country because of her and your entire family.
Sincerest condolences to the Bush family.  May her spirit and  memory live eternally in your hearts.
Our lives were so much richer with her in them. God Bless her and may the angels take her swiftly to God.
Condolences for you and The Bush Family! Blessings, Prayers and Peace Be With You All!!!
Thoughts are with you both, GHWB, GWB and the rest of the Bush clan. Mrs. Barbara Bush was a wonderful First Lady, humanitarian, dog lover, and family matriarch. She will be missed. 
I send my best wishes and condolences to your family. May your mother rest in peace.
I'm so sorry for your loss. Since the rest of your family isn't on Twitter, please extend my deepest sympathies and prayers for you all. Your Mom was a wonderful lady.
My heartfelt condolences to you and your family. 
R.I.P. Barbara Bush
Sorry for your loss.
Condolences to you and your family. My thoughts and prayers go out to you.
Deepest sympathies on the loss of your beloved family matriarch. My heart goes out to all who loved her. Godspeed #BarbaraBush.
Governor my deepest condolences to you & your family. I hope you find comfort & peace. 
She was an amazing woman. Sending prayers to you and your family Governor Bush. Sorry for your loss.
Your mother is where she now has perfect knowledge and is with her baby girl. She’s enforcing order on the other side I have no doubts. She truly lived a wonderful life.
My thoughts are with all the Bush family. Love you all!
tell your Dad I am especially sorry for his loss, a couple together so long, breaks my heart when they are separated. I admired your Mom and Dad. I am not conservative, diehard liberal,but I recognize true patriots when I see them. Tell him thanks as well for all he has done.
Gdo Blesa you Me. Bush in this momento ando always
Jeb, I remember your Mother fondly. My thoughts are with you and the entire Bush family.
You were so very blessed and we are grateful she gave us so much as well. Her example is a high standard, Governor.  Prayers for all of you.
.@JebBush Todo nuestro apoyo y oración. La Señora Bárbara Bush tenía una influencia de compasión hacia las madres cubanas y gracias a eso fue la primera entrada de mi madre a Estados Unidos. Muy buena Primera Dama. Estará en nuestro corazón cubano siempre.
My deepest condolences. She was an inspiration to many, myself included. Sending love and prayers to you and the family.
I am so sorry. I can picture her organizing your ancestor family in heaven. She is going to keep an eye on you too, so continue on making her proud.
You lost an incredible mom. We lost an incredible first lady. Wishing strength, peace and love.
So very sorry, Governor Bush.
Prayers for you and the entire family during these difficult days. She will be greatly missed by many of us who had the blessing of knowing her, if only in brief moments!  What a legacy she has left!  God’s Blessings on you all @JebBush !
Our thoughts and prayers are with you Jeb, your Dad and the Bush family in this very difficult time.  Your Mom was a gift to us all. R.I.P.
Condolences to you and your family.  We all have such fond memories of your mother.
My wife Beth and I were very sad to hear of the passing of your Mom. She represented our country, and your family, with grace, dignity and class. We will continue to keep you all in our  thoughts and prayers. God Bless you.
Praying for your family!
Bless you & your family, Governor. Your mother was a fine lady. She was a class act, sharp as a tack & a proper riot when she cracked a joke. I’m proud your family chose Texas to call home because your mother is a fine example of a fellow STRONG Texan woman. RIP Barbara Bush
Prayers lifted up for your family. It was a pleasure meeting this beautiful kind lady.
A decent and good woman. She made us better. RIP 
May the breeze whisper that life never ends, only that it is changed—that it continues forever in a world more beautiful than our words can describe. May nature touch you with compassion, bless you with sunlight, and send gentle rain to quietly weep with you, Governor.
I’m so sorry for your loss.  You’re mother was an incredible woman.
You still feel her presence. You hear her voice, her laugh everywhere you go. You'll look over your shoulder thinking she's there, because I do sometimes. Then it dawns on me that she's gone.
Condolences on the loss of a wonderful Lady
Jeb condolences to you and your family. Your mother was an amazing lady in private and in public.
She was a class act.  The nation mourns.
Deep condolences to you & your family
As you know 
She was 
A one of a kind woman 
A great lady in every way 
Long live her memory

Condolances sir, your Mom was a great lady.
When you lose a parent.  No matter how old you are...
You are on your own.. Alone 
Thoughts of losing the remaining parent enters your mind. 
No matter, what... it's not about wealth. It about family ties 
Sending my love, your way
Sorry 4 ur loss, your mother was a role model for all 1st ladies that have come & will become 1st lady in the future. All 1st ladies should want to be the kind of 1st lady she was & will always be.
I am so very sorry for your loss.  My prayers are with your family 
So sorry for your loss Jeb. She will most certainly be missed. Classy lady!! May she RIP  memory eternal 
Jeb my deepest condolences to you & your family.  
Your mother was remarkable. A tough, funny woman devoted to her family. We will all miss her.
I’m very sad to hear of your mom’s passing. She was a great woman who was a mother in a way to so many of us. I was just recalling how many ways she impacted my life, and I’m greatful for her. I’m going to pray for her and your family. @GeorgeHWBush
My family never voted for a single member of your family, but in days like this that does not matter. Thank you and your whole family for your service. We (the whole country) mourn with you.
My condolences to you and your family, Governor.
Sorry for your loss. Your Mother was an amazing woman
We have met your parents in Kennebunkport where we have a summer home and they are both lovely.   We are sending our prayers and support to you and your entire family.   We are so sorry for your loss, but celebrate her life.
Peace be with her and all who love her.
Sorry for your family's loss @JebBush  Your mom was a breath of fresh air.  Totally unpretentious, always spoke her mind but kindhearted too.  Praying for your family.  
I’m so very sorry about the loss of your mom. What a beautiful lady and fierce force of nature. Love and peace to the entire Bush clan. RIP Barbie 
So sorry for you and your family's loss. #RIPBarbaraBush
She was a Grand Lady who said what she meant and meant what she said. Prayers to the family
Be proud of your wonderful mom. 
We gonna miss her.
Heaven has  gracious Lady in their presence tonight. RIP
Your dad and family are in my thoughts tonight.  Your mother was a true inspiration.   I loved her earthy directness and humor.
May you and the entire Bush family and your many friends find peace in knowing your mom rests with the Lord as you reflect on your happy memories.
She was not just a woman a wife a mother a grandmother a great grandmother a former first lady she was a pillar an icon of life long selfless service to a nation and to society al large   May God bless you with Strength in this time of grief.Heartfelt condolences RIP Barbara Bush
Sorry for your loss. She was just amazing.
Your mother was one of America's treasured women. May she rest now in God' loving kingdom.
Sorry for your loss.
My deepest sympathy . That this great lady spoke out openly against Trump was in keeping with the fierce  truth courage and commitment to morality  that guided her life. May she Rest In Peace.
I am terribly sorry for the loss of your precious mother. May her gentle soul rest in peace. 
Warm thoughts and prayers for your whole family.
There are no words. Our prayers as you walk this journey.
Jeb, she was the epitome of grace under pressure, an example of a true lady. I laughed when you referred to her as "enforcer," like we called our mom. She's now with God watching over us. Hopefully designing a new strategy with the angels to save this grand experiment, the U.S.
Thoughts and prayers are with you and your family @JebBush @TheBushCenter @GeorgeHWBush
Your mother was a wonderful woman and First Lady. Will be praying for her and for your family.
My condolences to the whole family.
So sorry for your loss, Jeb. Prayers to you and your family.
Sorry for your loss. May she rest in peace.
MY PRAYERS GO OUT TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY AND FRIENDS SHE WAS A LOVELY LOVELY ROLE MODEL FOR MANY A LOVELY WOMAN PEACE AND COMFORT TO YOU
Governor Bush. So very sorry about the passing of your mother. She was an amazing woman and a very well respected First Lady. The entire country is grieving with you and your family.
I’m very sorry for your families loss. Your mother was a lovely lady and we are all better for knowing her.

Blessings to her.
So sad Jeb.  Please accept my condolences to you and your entire family.
Sorry for your loss, she is such a lovely and funny woman
I am so truly sorry at the loss of your wonderful mother. She was a magnificent woman and the world is better for having known her. My heart goes out to the entire Bush family.
Please don’t invite Trump to your Mother’s funeral he is an awful person and does not deserve the respect take back our principles
And our party
Thoughts of good fotune and blessings for Bush family-friendly, R.I.P.
Jeb your mother was a wonderful lady prayers for you and your family
so sorry for your Loss. Prayers for you and your family
I wrote something years ago, unfortunately there isn't enough room to share it here
Too bad you failed for him
Very moving tributes of your mom. Sincere sympathy to you and your entire family.
My love goes out to you and family!!!!
She was an amazing woman, I always think of her as America’s mother and Grandmother! She was pure class!
Praying for your and your family’s comfort. 
I am sorry for your loss
I helped your mom and dad move from the Vice-president quarters to the White house.  Very nice people
I’m sorry for your loss #barbaraBush
I am very sorry to hear about the passing of your mother. She was a great woman. May she RIP.
Jeb, I am so sorry for your loss. I have always regarded your mother as The National Grandmother. She will always be in the hearts and minds of all Americans. Her morality and guiding light will be sorely missed!
Sorry to hear about your mom
My deepest condolence goes out to you and your family.
Sorry for your loss thoughts and prayers
Warrior Women Barbara Bush will be missed.
Great first lady and no one cares about what party she was from !
Dear Mr. Bush accept my condolences.  She was and will forever remain a role model for many
My deepest condolences...your Mom was a class act!
God bless you and your family. Your Mom was America’s Grandmother. People like her are a refreshing reminder of strength and civility.
So very sorry for your family’s loss.
The best of America.  I wish we could go back in time.  Many need a lesson from this amazing women. RIP Mrs Bush.
On behalf of the Collazo family our deepest heartfelt feelings for your loss. With profound respect Gabriel M Collazo & Family
Dear Governor Bush my deepest sympathy to you and your family in this time of sorrow
total class and resolve
Her faith has her in Gods arms

     
God bless you and many prayers!!!!
Very sorry for your loss.  God bless you and your family during this difficult time.
My condolences to you and your family at this time, Jeb. Your mother, Barbara, was an incredible woman. May you find comfort in all the wonderful memorable moments you had with her.
Love that is lasting is easy to see. My condolences to you , your family and especially your father. These two started working for your father in Houston in the early 60s when he first ran for Congress.
Our condolences for the passing of Mrs. Barbara Bush, an exemplary First Lady and promotor of American families. Our thoughts and prayers for her and her beloved ones.
How does it feel to know that during your moms last days you made her walk on ice with her walker?
A Beautiful Lady Of Grace And Integrity .. God Bless You And Your Family 
She was a class act. RIP
Please accept my condolences for your loss. Mrs. Bush was the greatest of First Ladies.
The first lady of all America (REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS). She will be missed.
Grace, kindness, and love.

She goes softly, yet with strength as she did in life.
Pls clap
Sending prayers and deepest condolences to the entire Bush family as you say goodbye to Mrs. Bush. May she Rest In Peace.
So sorry for your loss. Your mother was an inspiration and role model. Prayers for your family.
Sorry to hear that!!! Your mother must be a wonderful person when she was a live. You, your family and americans will be remember her!!! Rest in peace!!! :)
Peace be with you and your family
You, Columba and your family are in my heart and mind. My condolences on the passing of your wonderful mother.
Our condolences to the family Bush.  RIP First Lady Barbara Bush First Mom First Lady 
So sorry for the loss of your dear mom. She was a feisty woman who was admired for her strength and love of family. Our condolences. We’ll keep her and the family in our prayers.
"Do not be afraid, I am with you. I have called you each by name. Come and follow Me, I will bring you home, I love you and you are mine."-David Haas Lyrics "You Are Mine" RIP #BarbaraBush Sending prayers and love.
So very sorry for your family's loss. She will always be remembered for the inspirations she gave us, along with her beautiful . My deepest condolences to you and your family.
SORRY FOR MAMA
a big bunch of blue roses
of desolation for the mama Bush
Spearhead of a great nation and who knew how to make maternity a huge privilege
we would not describe her as perfectly as her house Thank you mama BUSH
Pray with
St. BARBARA
F IDA RHODES  @realDonaldTrump

Prayers for you and your family. May she rest in peace
My heartfelt condolences to you and your family. So sorry she was a beautiful, caring person. She will be greatly missed, a shining example for us all.
Your mother was a great inspiration to women. God bless.
Thoughts and prayers are with you and your family, Governor!  Many can learn from her and your father's grace, leadership and love for this Country!  Thank you for sharing her with the World!
So sorry for your family's loss Jeb.  She was an incredible woman.
#RIPBarbaraBush
She was a woman of class & integrity,
beautiful inside & out & a most awesome first Lady!
We were blessed to have her
in our day & time!
#Prayers & deepest sympathy to you, your Dad, President George H Bush, siblings, her grandchildren 
& the entire Bush clan!
My deepest condolences to you and all of the Bush family. Your Mother was an extraordinary woman. May she Rest In Peace.
I'm very sorry about the death of your mother a woman of strength faith and duty to our nation Lo siento mucho  Gobernador
I am so sorry for your family’s loss.  Your Mother was loved by millions Americans.
So very sorry for the loss of your Mama! May each of your days be a reflection of the live youhad for her and she for you!
Condolences on your loss. She has a special place in heaven.
My 7 year old says she looks like she was a great granny. She asked me to send a hug to your family.
So very sorry for your loss
Crying as I write cuz she was my mom, too ...
@JebBush @TheBushCenter @laurawbush @GeorgeHWBush @JennaBushHager @TheBushCenter Barbara Bush was a great woman who raised great global Leaders. She was an inspiration. She is like one of those stars that appear once in a while.We thank God for a life well spent. It is well!
An amazing woman, take care of your dad he’s deafly gonna need you guys
My deepest sympathy
Your Mom was and is a National Treasure.  So sorry for your loss.
There’s got to be a huge smile on all the Bush’s faces this morning - Mom’s gone home, what a life!
My deepest sympathies to your family
Accept our prayers +
Our condolences! May she rest in peace...
My prayers and condolences to the Bush Family, May your mother, the First Lady of the Greatest Generation Rest Peacefully.
so sorry for your loss jeb ,may your mother rest in peace
So very sorry for your loss. What a wonderful legacy she leaves for all to learn from and a reminder that a mothers love is forever.
