The American people started questioning&doubting all media years before Trump! Then the media's true colors showed during the 2016 election. The MSM & journalists violated the trust they once held with the American public! Trump just pointed it out  @realDonaldTrump @mitchellvii
I think the constant attack on democracy, overrules the direct statements of accountability ("the attack") directed at journalists that evening. Find your backbones & earn the respect you think you are owed, simply for being journalists. #WeDontOweYouRespect #EarnOurRespect
This wasn't good natured ribbing, it was outright bullying.  Shame on everyone involved.
Oh then. The journalists themselves are shooting at their own feet. Is suicide by one journalist suicide for all?
An attack on the truth is an attack on us all. And treating Sarah @PressSec Sanders like anything but a paid liar is an attack on the truth. Any reporter who doesn't call her out is complicit in her attack.
White House correspondents assoc shows America their real values  by choosing this level of cruelty . Administrators should step down . Do u really have to ask why Trump won ?
The concerted attack on #MichelleWolf is an attack on you all.
And you bailed on her.
True journalist let facts LEAD the story, impartial, unbiased - they do not FOLLOW their own agendas to create the story.
Journalists are not meant to be promoting false narratives and personal bias in their reporting. If a “journalist” attacks the person or their character in their “news” they are deserving of a punch back attack.
Comedians, however, are fair game, you hypocrites?
Since CNN has no real journalists,  you have nothing to fear. It's always open season on disinfo hacks , however.
You have a great responsibility to inform the people with the truth and to make jokes about it is a shame....wow
Attack on us all.... lol no one trusts you CNN
An attack by a journalist is an attack on us all.  Quit promoting a position and get back to "Just the facts".  #mediaagenda
Then the #WHCA threw @michelleisawolf under a bus in order to curry favor with an administration that perpetually labels them as liars.  This reminds me of battered wife syndrome.
An attack on any women is and attack on us all
If that were true you would stand together when @PressSec attacks your members in that lie filled briefing she holds every day!
Trying to change the narrative?
An attack on Michelle Wolf is an attack on all of us that seek truth and honesty.
When the authors of the first amendment constructed the work they didn't intend to allow what passes for journalism today to be given the right to defame and libel all God fearing people. Your objectives serves only the narratives of your subsciber base, the Godless left.
She doesn't know nothing the news and press are all about bad and trying to make us believe shit....
An attack on a journalist is an attack on all journalism. An attack on a comedian is an attack on the whole population.
Journalists who attack the president non stop from day one r attacking us the people who voted for him. It works both ways
Time to discussion about mindset. Each other's knowing what happen at each other's.
This Comedian didn't attack any journalist... She did a great job in telling the truth in a comedic form!! I'm more offended by the words from a man who occupies the Highest Office in the Land!! Get your priorities straight.
Shame on you for attacking Michelle Wolf...she spoke "truth to Power"
....and then as expected turned on ms Wolf and fed her to the rabid bldg on Pennsylvania Avenue, with all the lying inhabitants.   Tsk Tsk Tsk
Oh ouch that hurts/ please please stop - but ..... what exactly is hurting me? Oh wait - it’s cnn telling me what a stupid comedian said at a corespondent dinner! Like I should care!!! NOT!
CNN wouldn't know journalism if it bit them.  Journalism isn't biased and doesn't push an agenda.  Too bad CNN and MSNBC are fake.
THEN THE MEDIA SHOULD STOP CARING WHAT ANYONE SAYS AND SIMPLY REPORT WHAT JUST HAPPENED!! No emotion, not judging, just reporting the news as it just happened! Stop trying to predict anything! Only the weather reporting should try to predict anything!!
"An attack on any journalist is an attack on us all.”
Now let’s start trashing the Republicans and berating half the country for not voting how we told them to vote!!
#Presstitutes #FakeNews
Violence is abhorrent and destructive to our democracy. (I’m looking at you communists) that said, being questioned and criticized on your beliefs is ABSOLUTELY necessary for having a democratic nation.

A "roast" is one thing but this Wolfe person was over the top, we hope never have her again. We went to other programming.
What do you think a roast is? It isn't "one thing". That was a roast. Of the press and the administration. Like every other year.
Like WHCA had no advanced warning of Wolfs act. LOL Journalism is DEAD.
Meh, depends
Uh oh, someone at CNN forgot what the script is today! The intern in charge of CNN's twitter account is better versed at what journalism is than the hypocrites in the producers booth. Yikes!!!!
Does this mean an attack by any journalist is an attack by all?
She should resign, what a disaster
Go buy a sense of humor lady. Journalist play favorites when it comes to the orange troll in the White House.
@whca  The attack on the Pres Sec was okay?  You really think that was right?  No place for bullying in our society, I don't care who it is.
For u to sit thru it and not walk out u r just as guilty as saying what comedian did
Of course Trump skips Dinner. Who wants to be treated 10 times worse than Sarah Sanders? He knows the press hates everything he does, or says.
He's garbage.
A comedian tried to force you to face up to the fact that many of you and many of your employers have profited from Trump’s presidency, and now you’re whining because you don’t want to own it. Instead, LISTEN to her critique. Be better. It’s not hard. #WHCD
I agree.
But what idiot called the people at CNN, journalist!

I wish someone would’ve drop kick that hobbit off stage!
Sanders is not a journalist god damnit.
You all came out of the same swamp so deal with it
Again #Clintonnewnetwork hard at work spewing their version of the truth.
Journalism is dead.
Has Trump admin tapped any journalists phone and computers just asking for @JamesRosenTV
Said the arm of the Democratic Party.

When were journalists protected from attacks?

This is why so much news is #FakeNews
They’re not, they’re attacking CNN...
And if the dossier wasn’t ‘leaked to any journalists...’ then let it sink in the only way that works if is you weren’t considered as such...
Attacks on the president are an attack on all of us.
Now do Michele Wolf
There are no “journalists” anymore Margaret
Sorry you got all dressed up & everything
Well be a journalist and not a fake news, hack, and you won't be attacked. Easily fixed.
Really! So then you must be thrilled that @potus @realDonaldTrump @PressSec got roasted.
An attack on journalists is free speech.ex. Joy Reid is a liar.Jake Tapper is great.
Does that include protecting Sarah Sanders?
An attack on all of you fraud "journalists"? Hey, don't go giving people ideas...
Must be hard for reporters to have fun at the WHC dinner considering the rough year they’ve had!
Did you tell that to the CEOs of @Gannett and @tronc and other corrupt media companies that have put journalism, readers and journalists last over corporate greed and obscene mgmt. bonuses? No?? Then get off the fucking stage.
Lady you people are hypocrites you attack the public every minute of every hour of every day
Media is a business, and like any business they'll do anything they can to make money.

The vast majority of American media is extremely biased, and that bias is very left of center.

Until you make an effort to show some integrity, you are useless and a plight on our people.
Yea, but none of the ppl in that room were journalists. They’re all activists and actors pretending to be journalists. Attacking and destroying them is every American’s duty.
All of you jour lasts sister e to be attacmwx. We are going to put you out in business. Never trust jouramism
You've done it to yourselves. You don't deserve any respect. Find done morals!!!!
Good.

An attack on our president is an attack against us all
Trash
Great response
If you're journalists why aren't you reporting on the MASSIVE coup against our President? Unmasking of Americans, corrupt FBI, CIA, Obama weaponizing the IRS, Hillary paying for the dossier etc etc etc
So the so called journalist that hired a female comedian to attack another woman and then tell us this is about female unity
An attack on our @POTUS is an attack on us all. Sincerely, We The People. #AgentMobutu #TickTock
Absolutely
@CNN @cnnbrk @cnni @CNNPolitics you did it yourselves @FakeNews
Your celebration of the first amendment by showcasing Michelle Wolf was an example of America at its worse, inappropriately disgustingly vulgar!
HEY SISTER,
THE DOOR SWINGS BOTH WAYS.
VOTE RED  !
OK, that explains it. President of the WHCA represents CNN, the epicenter of FAKE NEWS. And it branched out last night into Direct Insults. CNN is a company that truly deserves to go out of business. Pure Orwellian Double Speak.

An attack to support a political agenda on the President and the staff is an attack on us all!
Even when they are wrong?
In order to be a journalist you’d have to be non bias. So basically the night wasn’t oxymoronic test of mental masturbation.
Anyone who speculates in public, or gives opinions is NOT a journalist & are fair game for being attacked.
Stop making up fake news and try earning trust
She said... while tolerating a sexist unprofessional attack on Sarah Sanders!!
These are not real journalists. They are political hacks with an agenda. Give me a break. If any of them had an ounce of class -which they do not- the American people might watch. @PressSec showed these fools how REAL women act. Take a lesson.#WHCD
Very true.
Journalists are the cream of the nation and are the people who bring truth in to the notice of every one living on this planet so they must be respected and loved.
How about your so-called comedian's vile and vicious attack on @PressSec ?  Jokes are one thing, but nasty, mean and vile remarks are another. Your organization should be ashamed.

ROFL So one journalist is responsible for all the others? So do all journalists take responsibility for the fake news the #weneedourweave story? Calling for peace when in actuality the individual was inciting violence. This was #fakenews and irresponsible journalism not an attack
Whatever you say Jenny Craig
After the stunt by @michelleisawolf last night the attacks will intensify.. Good luck losers !

Get them all some Kleenex !
Margaret, some journalists should be held accountable.  If you slant or flat out lie to support an agenda it should be exposed. Don’t complain until you fix your issues.
Who was that woman even the audience wasn't laughing! Seriously all the people in the world and had to get a comedian that is not funny... Denigrating people is it funny it's offencive! Wolf is an embarrassment to all women!
I would agree with you if you were journalists...the American people see you for what you are...a bunch of elitist hacks who spew propaganda...the language at this dinner really illustrates my point...just look at yourselves...disgusting...
They deserve it when their main focus is to destroy someone. That does not become journalism...but they lost their focus on other truths but aims at 1 thing. When they don’t tell everything that is happening or mock a truth, then that is not true journalism
Start reporting the truth without spin . Liberal liars
You earned the attach you vile dick disgusting piles of crap.
We know that Liberals believe in group rights but pointing out Fake News by one journalist does not mean others do the same.
Glad to know you have each other’s backs in spite of any news stories that are complete garbage
Guess what WHCA - An attack on any woman an attacking on all women.
Multiple daily attacks on our President deserves retaliation !! Shame on all of you !!
Oh palease!Y'all attack people with lies in order to sell sensation to have a job using vocabulary.Y'all have become disgraceful liars!
“He sends one of ours to the hospital, we send one of his to the morgue!”

— Jim  Malone
You are a discussing and racist origination, you own who speaks for you!
Constant editorial smears with 90 % of your coverage = not journalism. Seriously if your shows are 10 % facts instead of narrative I'd be shocked.
How about a press that constantly attacks this president & his administration, a press that is totally biased, who with every story they conspire on. promotes they're Networks liberal anti Trump Russian propaganda agenda.
Trying to conflate actual suppression with legitimate criticism is disingenuous.
Find a comedian who’s funny the next time.
The White House correspondents owes Sarah sanders an apology. Michelle calls her self a comedian she’s a disgusting human being and went too far.
@whca @margarettalev You displayed for all to see  last night why most in USA no longer want to hear what you have to say. You are truly nauseating. #WHCD
I do not consider anyone that thought last night was fun a professional Journalist. All conservatives should ship #WHCD next year and lat the Democrats and their butt boys in the media and mutually masterbate all they want,
https://twitter.com/cellinoatt/status/990558042411487232?s=21 …
And you all attacked @SHSanders45 @PressSec   PS the majority of you lice are not journalists.
She needs to apologize to Pres. Secretary! Was sickening ! Shameful
Journalists are like politicians the higher up the food chain the more corrupt you tend to be
Absolutely only 1 problem with last night’s dinner that awful comedian she diminished n beguiled the validity of the press by her trash talk PROOF READ ANYONE !!
An attack on any President is an attack on all of us! Get a real commediene next time who has character!
journalist I'm a small town person in the middle of New Mexico. worked hard all my life, been around a long time, listen and read all the Old journalist over the years,,, FYI YOU AIN'T NO journalist, just fools,
A room full of snowflakes and swampers.
So a misogynist attack on @PressSec  is ok? Cnn is a joke and part of the problem.
You're an embarrassment to the First Amendment.
.@whca Where were you when @CNN was doing it to me? Helping them.
Attacks equals counter-attacks. It’s the real world now.
But constantly attacking the president and the press secretary is fine  pathetic hypocrites
Journalists used to report news!  Not make up stories to support their agenda.  The Truth,  is what 300 million+ Americans want.  We just don’t get that anymore.  @FoxNews @ChrisCuomo @CillizzaCNN @TheFive
Journalismis dead you guys are a bunch of political hacks for the DNC. Thank God you have finally been exposed.  Looking forward to seeing a lot more of your organizations going into bankruptcy
The number 1 story should be how a president so terrified of the free press has to fly to ANOTHER STATE to avoid the jokes and criticism about him. Running, hiding & cowering. Donald Trump’s best traits. It’s actually surreal to see the “most powerful man in the world” run & hide
It's easy to verbally attack people who call themselves journalists but actually fabricate and distort what they report.
Thanks to TECHNOLOGY we do not need ORGANIZED NEWS to report to the people anymore. The President has forced them to REPORT THE NEWS NOT CREATE OR CONTROL  IT.  The media organizations are realizing they are only a few TWITTER “tweets” away from extinction
Correspondents are beyond reproach?
Fake news isn't journalisme
Yet you are silence to journalist being jailed and murdered all around the world. And only care about, Donny calling you #fakenews
An attack on the president is an attack on the country!
Find me a journalist at @CNN and we can talk. You’re a far left rag who speaks for Democrats only.
CNN is Still FAKE NEWS!
I think Margaret Talev is a moron. Look everyone I just attacked all journalists in the media.
Does that make you all rapists like Tommy B and Marty L? Right all jouralnalist are the same? You all abuse women and pay men more?
Poor Donnie! Chose to run away and bury his head in a pile of ego-sand. Such a useless human being — a true waste of space.
You need your head examined. Ok, here's my take - we seriously need to back up and honestly reexamine the Press's free speech rights. Fine if it's about truthful things. But that filth spewed last was outrageous! You all should be ashamed.
Whaa whaa whaa ... bunch of phony liars
By that logic, an attack on the president, by the people, is an attack on the people.
We're a nation by and of the people, so it's actually an attack on the nation.
#consistency
CASH NEGOTIATED NEWS
Democrat customers can write there own News stories & we will air/print for a nominal fee, Anonymous sourced & leaked fake stories will require lots of cash upfront & NO REFUNDS @PressSec @POTUS #MAGA @CNN @FoxNews @foxandfriends
Translated as “we are untouchable and can say anything even if it is a biased opinion, innuendo or personal attack and nobody should dare to criticize us”.  Who do you think you are?
Amen
Real journalists should call out the Clinton/Soros DNC propagandists posing as journalists. They are making a mockery of the whole MSM industry. This happened long before President Trump entered the picture. Cabaret.
Yes. But CNN is Still FAKE NEWS!
You only prove just How Un-American you truly are!!!! What a disgusting display of HATE!!
There is no honor in the way msm abuses the first amendment.
Trump has now made 1,486 false claims over the first 458 days of his presidency - 4.2 per day in 2018, 3.2 per day overall;
Then you should learn on telling truth. I mean that’s where a journalists credibility lies correct?
Repeating #FakeNews as news is why MSM is irrelevant. #CNNisFakeNews #mockingbird #GreatAwakenening
Does that mean fake news by one is fake news by all as well @margarettalev ?
News flash!  Go back to journalism school because you obviously forget your work ethics and responsibility to produce Accurate NEWS
An attack on @PressSec Sarah Sanders is an attack on all us women.
Attacks and lies on the President will get a response in kind @margarettalev . Like giving but not taking? It's not the way it works. Freedom of speech it's a two way highway lady.
But you can attack at will? What’s wrong with this picture?
Lie lie lie and more lies.  Journalist just do! They lie. Some are ok but CNN definitely is the Fakest of them all. Fake News.
CNN stop your fake news
Hey Margaret, go tell baldy Zucker that peddling fake news is an attack on the integrity of the journalistic profession.
Stop lying & we got no problem, @CNN.
any attack on a trump supporter is an attack on us all
That would imply you are actually journalists. Those at CNN definitely leave that open to interpretation
Michelle Wolf has no upcoming gigs.  Tonight we learned why:
What if they got leaked info from a disgraced public servant who was spying on citizens in exchange for a job? Is it ok to attack those ones?
This event should be cancelled, or better, should cost $10k per ticket with all proceeds used to sponsor real journalism, like InfoWars!
No it isn’t. You’re not some sacred institution that is immune from criticism when deserved.
Ridiculous woman
Equal Justice, Equal Protection.  Even a spec of injustice shall destroy the scales of justice
What about attacks on the White House Press Secretary?
This administration has been constantly and relentlessly attacked by the mainstream media. Conservative media outlet like Fox news who refused to join in the anti Trump agenda coverage is being attacked as well. It is high time conservatives media start fighting back, harder!
Name a journalist in attendance.
Tell her eat another donut
Oh honey, none of you @cnn are journalists! Go back and re-learn the job, you've forgotten what it is to be a real journalist!
You're not working hard enough to bring him home. 'Only words'.
but wolf blatantly mocks cspan
Trump has attacked the press constantly- what? Not a word from you? #WHCD #MichelleWolf #TrumpCrimeFamily
