And he looks thrilled.
Pence looks thrilled not standing too close to the women.
Mother doesn't allow it.
Mood
Does he ever smile?
During Stormy weather.
Trump looks pissed. Probably too many POC and women in the frame.
That’s my take, too.
They forgot to squeak the little duckie so that 45 would look at the camera and smile.
Poor kids wish they were born two years earlier.
Two takeaways: 
1) Half of the people there aren't smiling.
2) Pence's eyes look dark and menacing even in bright sunlight.  He IS Voldermort.
Dead eyes for sure. I keep thinking I'll wake any second and all this will have been a very bad dream.
Congrats! Which one of you fabulous kids will write the story that brings down the biggest treasonous buffoon in the history of our nation!? 
Silver lining...17 out of 20 are women!
Take note-almost all of them are women! Congratulations!
Trump: I can't wait until and I can declare each of you the enemy of the American people.
Pence: Any of you gay? Because I am required by God not to stand next to you if you are.
Scholars: We're going to write about you. Forever. Good luck with history, bro.
It's obviously not a photo of the WH interns.
Trump is wishing he was in Mar a Lago. He shows zero interest in these young children. He’s awful.
What an embarrassment for them all to have to meet such a disgraceful and odious occupant of the white house.
One would think that the WHCA would have a better photographer.
@realDonaldTrump Try not to look so enthusiastic, Donnie. If it's not about him, he just isn't interested.
Too immature to even fake a smile so these kids could have a nice pic.
Now THAT's what a diverse group of people looks like @realDonaldTrump @VP
lol..all the black kids are as far away as possible...
Those black women do NOT look happy.
Then why’d they go?
They should show some real scholarship and get the hell out of there.
Trump looks thrilled.
Would you want your pic with them. LOL I certainly wouldn't
"God I hate this job"
Does Trump bring the statue of VP Pence with him or does secret service set that up prior!?
Scholars is 8 letters beyond his vocabulary words. He’s still trying to figure it out.
Wow so much devecrsity in this pic. Lots of woman and so colorful .  DT must have hives to bad his cabinet wasn’t like this
Poor kids
But he's still too scared to attend dinner
That’s more diversity than the White House has seen in over a year.
I was thinking the same thing!
So much potential groping in this picture.
The future of lying and propaganda has arrived...#RonnyJackson is a good lesson for these #WHCA scholars on how to destroy the truth. 
#WHCA #CorrespondentsDinner
He is so freaking awkward.
Omg the look on some of these students faces and trumps lmfaooo
Look how thrilled @realDonaldTrump looks to be there....
what why
And note: 18 women and 3 gents. And that’s nice.
Trump is always uncomfortable when surrounded by educated people...
Check out Dumpster's happy face
And EVERYONE is looking at the camera, except !
http://Fu.ck  Trump and @vp
17 women, 3 men.  (Clearly Trump didn’t pick them.)
Il Duce is unhappy because it's during this stage of the alt-right's overthrow of the gov't plan, he still has to pretend this stuff matters to him. Smiling while taking a photo with the future "enemies of the state" is more than he can fake. #TrumpIsaTraitor
Trump looks miserable as usual.
Most diverse picture I've seen.
Trump doesn't look Happy
Where's the Thumbs up??
Girl power!
Trump *really* looks like that inauguration cake of himself in this pic...not the plagiarized one, but this bust. I mocked but I should've believed the cake
These American Hero's deserve Hazard Pay for not  saying the things they want to and should if they didn't want to tank their careers for 15 minutes of fame and unlimited GIF memes for life!
There's too many black people in this picture for me to even fake smile - trump
They better watch for the tic tac and small orange hands
He looks thrilled and overjoyed 
Is the ratio of these groups usually so lopsided women:men? I'm more than thrilled to see women excel, but doesn't it seem a bit odd that there are 18 women and only 3 men? What would account for that?
Good for them, getting to visit The White House...

Unfortunately with this administration in there,
 It's like going to Disneyland and The Matterhorn is closed...
And you admit it?
Sorry
Poor kids.
Were they forced to take their picture with POTUS???  Embarrassing!
Wise move not to explain to Trump that WHCA is an abbreviation for White House Correspondents Association.
Use small words, guys.  So Trump and his people can understand.
Trump looks so bored
Does he know what scholars are?
‘WHCA’ - White House Convicts of America?
The Donald is still in town?
Please keep the young ladies out of trumps reach!
For once faces of diversity.
Look how many are women and people of color compared to Trumps cabinet
@realDonaldTrump has taken the presidency to such a low level that it doesn't feel like an honor to stand next to the president of USA. Reminds me of his famous quote "Grab them by the p. . . . . "
Shame they had to meet with these bozos in the WH.
Must be thrilling to stand with the most racist sexist xenophobic POTUS & VP in recent history.
There are more people of color in this gathering than most I've seen at the White House during the current administration.
Does that mean the Korean war is over?
About half don't look too excited.
wow what a difference between photo of the greatly diverse group of white house correspondence scholars than the white house whites almost only interns photo.
There are two people in this picture who don't belong to this Scholar Club. Guess who?
I rather die than have my picture taken with this national disgrace.
#DourDonnie looks so out of place around smart people. Low energy!
No #ThumbsUp for these budding journalists?
Just think......you'll never get that moment back..............sad! Your all thinking....it had to be him!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He looks pissed because these kids are smarter than he is.
All are more educated than these two dotards.
Hmmm...he seemed much happier in photos with his 99% white intern class.
How'd he get in there with scholars?
Too many scholars around....Trump looks miserable.
Looks like someone is not enjoying the diversity.
they learn science and math, yes? How speed of light determines age of universe?!
Each kid infinitely smarter than both of those clowns.

Trump looks thrilled...
Only two boys?
Trump looks thrilled and totally uncomfortable amongst  diversity!
those poor people
Not the happiest of groups...too bad.
I'm sorry.
Why trump look so downtrodden
Lots of young women ! Yeah
Did POTUS know they were taking a picture?
Trump looks THRILLED. 

#RambleDon
He must be pissed being surrounded by all young ladies. The expression on the face tells it all.
Trump looks displeased to have to be forced to pose for this photo.
And most of the females chose to limit their eye contact with the molester-in-chief. #awkward #creepy
He looks soooo happy
#45 looking happy!
Certainly no collusion here.
Congratulations to these deserving young men and women!
So sorry to hear this
And the VP hoped the next time it will be a uniform group of people
Lol he looks so grumpy
At least none of the females look like Ivanka. So there's that.....
The President looks thrilled!
Pence was wandering around the grounds and stumbled into the photo. Donald bragged about his Wharton day’s and how they used to yank each other’s underwear up into their buttcracks.
Look at trumps face -he looks delighted

Ewwww. Tell them to wash their hands afterward. @POTUS and @VP are sleazy and dirty and --- ewwww! 
Trump using his Patton face. Guess his saves his goofy smile with thumbs up for visits at hospital beds after mass shootings
They look thrilled.
Trump doesn’t look happy
Now there is a picture to show their kids some day.
Sorry!
And now they're all just a tad less scholarly for it.
I saw former President of the #WHCA @edhenry on @FoxNews this morning who absolutely denounced Wolf's vicious tirade against our beloved and very professional @PressSec and the #WHCA should denounce this as well, and apologize to Sarah. @realDonaldTrump @GovMikeHuckabee #QAnon
Very few men and whites. Hmm?
What a god awful photo.  I guess @WHCA Scholars don't include any photographers.
Look at the faces on the African Americans
They shouldn’t have allowed you on the premises. The kids could’ve been dropped off.
Our President looks so happy around people of ethnicity.  It is heartwarming..
Clearly someone not impressed with a new batch of professional who will challenge the fake news White House!
DON’T SHAKE HIS HAND!!

#ETTD
Pence looks so much more presidential than him.
Could Trump look a little more miserable to be in the picture?
“These senior intelligence officials also included the synopsis to demonstrate that Russia had compiled information potentially harmful to both political parties, but only released information damaging to Hillary Clinton and Democrats.”
This is factually wrong &tapper gets award
Wow WHCA is awarding Jake tapper and others for the jan2017 story. That has numerous false facts that Comey has verified “two page synopsis presented to trump” and many other now proven false reporting by comeys Brett Baier interview. WHCA is not  credible
Notice that everyone is smiling EXCEPT the man who should have the biggest smile. He frowns like this is all distasteful to him.
Jake, are you wondering, like I am, where the pearly whites are from the #WorstPresidentEver? Someone looks grumpy.
@jaketapper Mr Trump was very nice to them. Maybe he knows that some of them may report his prison life and that of his family members soon.
Ill bet he didn’t want The Base to know he pretends to value scholarship.
You should be ashamed to associate with a serial sex assaulter and Kremlin stooge. Shame on you.
My condolences to the @whca scholars.
Happy Smiling Prez
Scholars??? Oh you mean their daddies were rich!  No? You mean scholars the old-fashioned way? No wonder @realDonaldTrump looks unimpressed.
Mostly women. Pence looks nervous and Trump looks horny.

No thumbs up from potus huh.
Way better looking group than the 2018 WH interns!
Those kids better quickly wash their hands and get the stupid off of them. You don't want that stuff to stick after shaking POTUS and VPOTUS' hands.
Where is Trump's fake smile and tiny thumbs?
I'd be photoshopping myself out of the photo so fast!
ANOTHER photo op.
Trump just looks like a completely unhappy, rude, asshole here. Well, pretty much always, but especially here.
what? these kids don't deserve the standard  from the POTUS? They get the scowl and bored face?
Trump doesn't look to happy in that picture.
And Trumps scowl tells you what he thinks about this!

Only 3 men out of 18.  Seems sexist?
Potus looks happy … 
The two old white guys are the dumbest ones on the stairs.
Way too much diversity in this pic for Rump...no wonder he looks pissed.
He’s not used to it except his low level staff at mar-a-Lago
Too many POC for @POTUS 's liking
What the actual F is wrong with Trump's face! Maybe he's just concentrating really hard on which of these girls is a "10" that he'd like to date?

Wow this picture is so far away
Stormy looked fabulous
A group of highly intelligent people - and two jackasses.
Looks like the most diversity I have seen at the White House in the past 14-15 months.  Nice job @whca !
They all look pretty thrilled to be there. 
All Trump all the time. ICK!
http://ace.mu.nu/archives/375025.php …
