Maybe you guys can write a strongly worded letter about it.
This will give you time to grasp how much we all don't like you right now
No surprise! You guys owe @michelleisawolf an apology! You invite her to do a job and she did it! IF were a man I don’t thing you would have turned her under the bus. #WHCAsellout #apologizetoMichelleWolf
Are you mentally challenged?
Is it because @PressSec is trying to find a new smokey eye makeup not made of fact ashes?
Oh wait my bad. @PressSec  is actually trying to find smokey eye makeup made of alt-fact ashes. @KellyannePolls stands by it
Someone is still afraid of the big, bad Wolf.
Aaaahhhhh, so it was all about access, right?
It's always about access and money and fame.
I hope you take the time to think of ways to get information other than being publicly humiliated by a liar with flawless eye makeup.
good you guys have an extra day to buy the new hoops you'll be jumping thru for the administration.
I guess they figure they get a pass today. @whca was played by itself. U people have got 2 figure out how 2 hold @realDonaldTrump @VP @PressSec feet 2 the fire. Some of your own people have undermined your own mission over a few bad jokes by a comedian at a meaningless dinner. ??
Fine, but I expect twice as many lies tomorrow.
Good. Take the time to think about how your job is to call out liars.
Use it as a day to mourn the loss of your professional ethics.
Ronny Jackson is prob still treating Huckabee Slanders burns.
How about the press grow some balls and quit attending any press briefings? You have let America down by not reporting the facts of what this administration is doing to destroy everything decent we stand for. You prefer to be insulted, humiliated and lied to daily. Pathetic!
True. If all the correspondents are going to is regurgitate what Picasso Sanders tells them without any critical analysis, then what’s the point of them being there? Other than to sit there yelling “Pick me! Pick me! I’ll report what you want me to!!!”
who is apologizing to Michelle Wolf
I'm done paying any attention to you sellout suck-up shills.
Plenty of time for you to reflect on your cowardice and hypocrisy.
@PressSec still traumatized by being called out for her lies? 
You guys sending her a care package?
#StockholmSyndrome
Good, y'all need to give your lips a break after all that ass-kissing you've been doing to Sanders & Trump.

What actions were taken in response to the filing of this document almost two years ago?
https://twitter.com/TomWellborn/status/941723277965148160 … #TrumpSexProbe
Raping a 13 year old girl, then issuing death threats when she comes forward, should come with a death penalty, @realDonaldTrump.

https://twitter.com/TomWellborn/status/938846393766100992 … 

…
That’s perfectly fine. I don’t understand why the load of you don’t just rise up and leave one day after one of Sanders’ lies.
Congrats on your reward from your OverLord for having issued such a great letter!
Awwww. Poor widdle Sarah is so sad. Wah wah wah. Snowflake.
Correction:

No White House lie briefing scheduled today.
I’m never watching your dinner again. Why on earth would you apologize for Wolfs comments? Grow up. You’re supposed to be the free press.
That should give you some time to take some Journalism 101 refresher courses
Great job! Proud of yourselves?!
Good.
'I moved on her like a bitch.

I did try to fuck her, she was married.…
Do  away with them altogether.
Nothing but a buncy of whiny soy boys and resisters asking
ridiculous Stormy questions instead of relevant questions 
about all the many accomplishments that have been made.
Do fireside chats.
Stop the nonsense.
You think Trumps personal lawyer violating laws isn’t RELEVANT? Are you high or insane?
Has Trumps lawyer ben convicted?
Almost all of previous terms people are under investigation,
not that you would know,and he is ensnared,too.
Same question back at you.
Remember these in next few months
Hahahhahah. Omg this is precious. You’ve controlled Congress for over a year and you literally are dumb enough to think this is about Hillary. Hahahahhaha
Now,i told you i do not have time to educate you.
Blocking you.Ridiculous how uninformed,
misinformed.
The White House correspondents all suffer from Battered Wife Syndrome. "Sarah Huckabee Sanders loves us, it's just that sometimes we make her so angry." An apology is owed to @michelleisawolf

@PressSec is too busy working on her eye make-up.
Run out of ash?
She can't get the Smokey eye ash off of her face!!
She’s grinding up more lies for that perfect smoky eye.
Looking for your morals still?
Shocker
Why are you playing footsie with this Administration? @margarettalev and WHCA invited @michelleisawolf to do a job and she delivered! Apologizing, distancing yourselves etc means your complicit in normalizing the shit this admin is doing.
Go home and tell your children that they will not grow up in a democracy, as you did, because you failed them.
I don't care and viewed only 2 @presssec PCs and see some clips is all and she makes me nauseous. @michelleisawolf was right on! She's a scowling disinfo propagandist who disrespects ALL the press daily to wit: #FireSaraSanders
That leaves you plenty of time to retract that horseshit statement throwing @michelleisawolf under the bus for doing exactly what you hired her to do.
Just gonna lie anyway, but keep slurping...
WHILE TRUMP LIES AND CALLS MEDIA THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE YOU WHINE THAT MICHELLE WOLF’S CLAPBACK WASNT CIVIL ENOUGH.  GET SOME BALLS!!!!!
To be fair, @PressSec is objectively a 2.
The press Secretary is too overcome with grief to appear at the podium today. Her mental health pending, tomorrow’s briefing of falsehoods will go on as scheduled. Enjoy your day off and happy reporting.
Our collective tears are ruining our perfect smoky eyes shadow.
Well then this is a perfect opportunity to give your pathetic president a chance to apologize to all hard-working journalists for her kiss-ass letter supporting a treasonous and racist administration.
Here’s your daily reminder that you owe Michelle Wolf an apology.
You have embarrassed yourself with that statement about the Dinner.
A day without Sarah's lies is like a day without sunshine!!
Trump convinced the right to hate journos.  Same journos when given the opportunity have pissed off the left to the point we are questioning your complicity and enabling.  Will you continue to kowtow to this administration or will you find the real fourth power?
Thank goodness, watching y'all bow and scrape is so humiliating.
Sarah is out of lies to burn for her eyeshadow lewk. Not to worry, she'll be back again tomorrow with a bunch of cow manure to regurgitate. That'll do the job.
Sarah is having a mental health day.
Quite sure Trump and his henchmen are crafting a partisan response to the slaying of Sarah Sanders by #michellewolf .
WHCA can reflect that Wolf directly called out WH liars for being liars, and how WHCA just undermined the ethos of speaking truth to power and holding it accountable.
Has Sanders taken to her bed?  Or is she simply pouting?
No problem, just make stuff up, like any other day.
Somebody's #SmokeyLiesMascara is running with sweet sweet tears of shame.
What? SHS getting religion and questioning her constant gaslighting and lies?
OMG, what happened to Auntie Sarah ?
You could always report the findings of what a 'magic 8 ball' says. It's just as reliable as whatever trash that comes out of the @PressSec mouth anyway! 
#MichelleWolf 
Probably for the best.
This will give you guys time to write some more suck-up letters for the regime.
Awwww, poor victims of truth jokes.
Good. Now we can keep torching your pathetic memo.
is this the new normal.  You are a bunch of puppets too.
Gee I’m shocked! I think u hurt Sarah plain & rotund’s feelings @whca . Don’t u know u were supposed 2 hire a“Comedian“, u know, the kind that tells jokes about wives and sex. Instead u hired a comedian that told “facts" from a comedians perspective. Next year do better! (satire)
Nice goin', jerks.
No other country behaves the way our media does. And, why? Because @HillaryClinton loss a presidential race? Give me a break. We all lose in life, it should be the lessons fm that loss we learn from. That #WHCDinner was nothing less than a setup against @PressSec @GovMikeHuckabee
Mike Huckabee wasn't even there stupid.
Liberals crying about the WH lying'
How many you can name the ones on Muellers original 
investigation team that have been fired,demoted or are
investigation themselves?
How many in the FBI,DOJ,CIA,DIA,SD, from O Admin
now under invstg?
Remember these.
You’ll have to send your FTD apology bouquets to Sanders’ house, I guess.
Please rethink your purpose & mission.  We are not living in the times of Ronald Reagan.  Your antiquated methods led to the attack of a comedienne instead of addressing lies, corruption, profiting off of WH, foreign influence...  #lazy 
Because you all are still having a group hug with Sarah Slanders?
Eye shadow crisis?
Sarah has an appointment to learn a new eye makeup technique.
She's giving you another day to defend her honor and kiss her ass. You'll fall for it and tomorrow she'll shit on all of you again. You deserve it.
Just as well. Cowards, all of you.
because Sanders has to get her lies in order first
Her and daddy are making rounds on tv. Sad!
Good.  A day without a stream of lies from @PressSec is a BLESSING!
Sycophants.
Honestly, what’s the difference?
Press briefings?  You mean propaganda sessions.  STOP COVERING THEM.
Too busy shopping for make-up?
Good. You all can give your jaws and your knees a break. Frauds.. 
Gee, I wonder why.  #youcanthandlethetruth
Why, are you guys throwing a “We’re sorry the mean lady hurt your feelings with the truth that we are too chickenshit to call you out on” party for SHS instead?
Sarah still licking her wounds?
Awww.. @PressSec @realDonaldTrump couldnt handle @michelleisawolf s epic take down of this idiotic admin and their deceit and lies? Sorry whca wolfs message is what the MAJORITY of americans think and feel and IS a direct response to this admins attack on the media and americans

Should be boycotted at any rate
Until you apologize to @michelleisawolf I will NDVER watch you ever again.
What?! No smokey eye today?!
didn't you grovel enough .....
@PressSec will be attending spin class, outside of the press briefing room this time.
That's nice!
Now apologize for your sick comedian.

Maybe the liars in the WHCA can schedule another speaker to trash and insult half the country with vile hate speech instead.
What vile hate speech, snowflake?

She said she had perfect Smokey eyes and was a liar. 

Have you ever followed @realDonaldTrump account?
No news in em anyway.
Have you issued your apology to Ms. Wolf yet?
No time to get the lies together after a busy weekend lying and vilifying the press in Michigan.
Great. Time for your to consider your pathetic statement about the #WHCD - which was an embarrassment to journalism, Free Speech, and speaking truth to power. #MichelleWolf @michelleisawolf
GOOD
Good.
Yeah but did you hear what @michelleisawolf said on Saturday!? #whatreallymatters
Oh dear.  That way you don’t have to pretend that sanders isn’t a liar. Again.
Why you all crying in your pillows
Why?  Are you all instead having pie and coffee courtesy of Sarah for rolling over onto your backs and begging for her to like you?
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is a liar, so who cares?
WHCA is too busy planning how they are going to attack the Democrats in October to hold a meeting today.
Oh... is that why you released your pathetic statement to distant yourself from @michelleisawolf ?? Wow
I hope I never have a job where I have to humiliate myself by publicly sucking up to Sarah Huckabee Sanders because I think it will help me maintain access to people who are just going to lie to me anyway.
Stop normalizing the lies this administration puts out!!!!!!! JFC do your jobs.
Instead of spending the day kissing this dishonestly corrupt administrations ass, perhaps use the day to become re-acquainted with the 1st amendment... You know that thing you claim to stand for!
So what?
NO SOUP FOR YOU!!!
#JailTheJournos
First Rule Of Trump Club: You can't bully the Bullies
Snowflakes.
You press release attacking @michelleisawolf is shameful.
@whca has lost it’s integrity.
Ah so SHS is too busy making more smokey eye for tomorrow.
Lol remember when Kellyanne Conway called democrats a bunch of crybabies. OH THE IRONY. 
To me that’s good news. Honestly the press shouldn’t worry about if the administration wants to try to deny access to the press it’s two ways, when they want it you guys could deny it too and get good ratings showing pictures of kittens.
Trump and his weekly 3 day weekend.
No kidding
Imagine that. They either have nothing to lie to America about or they haven't had time to orchestrate there lies. Don't think for a moment that is because Sarah Sanders feelings are hurt. Ridiculous
lol
That’s better than your journalists sitting there being fed lies and being reprimanded by a lying fascist regime you’re so keen to defend.
More than disappointed with you people. Do your jobs and stop being intimidated by 45 and his corrupt administration
Time to END WHCA & WHCD.
It shouldn't be. Your organization and how that comedian behaved was a national disgrace.Hopefully there's reflection on how unacceptable that evening was w/ @michelleisawolf #WHCD18 @PressSec @SarahHuckabee @KellyannePolls @realDonaldTrump @VP @SecondLady @seanspicer @WhiteHouse
Flint still does not have clean water.
Flint still does not have clean water.
Flint still does not have clean water.
Flint still does not have clean water.
Flint still does not have clean water.
Flint still does not have clean water.
Flint still does not have clean water.
Because you paid a comedian $10,000 to insult the press secretary at a roast, then you claimed ignorance and astonishment that your actions would somehow result in someone being insulted. Maybe you guys should do the comedy because this is hilarious.
Results of the  2018 WH correspondents dinner that left all the behinds of the WHCs in their seats.  Any surprise polls show Americas news organizations are the bottom feeders with respect to the American public in terms of trying to get fair, balanced, and transparent reporting.
Hopefully we can limit these. With what happened on Saturday, people are going to be rooting for cutting back even further on press access and availability. You're carrying water to the other end.
I want to know what all these Resistance/ Trump haters to for a living. Im not buying they DVR the press briefing. So how many dont have a job or never watch it? They just make comments based on their news intake.
White House is busy burning lies...tune in tomorrow for more magic with the ashes.
After your dinner the other night they should NEVER have one AGAIN!
The alcohol breath hungover White House Press Corp does not deserve someone as professional and strong as Sarah Sanders.

uhhh duhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
I wonder why?
I would like to see them completely do away with the news briefing and brief the citizens from another format. You selected that sorry excuse for a comedian for the dinner. You knew what she was. Press has been disruptive for 16 months. Cancel daily briefs. Don't answer them.
Awesome, so you can all hang the kneepads up for a day.  Back to the grovel tomorrow!

@PressSec is still nursing her wounds?
Sarah is too drunk.
Gosh, guess you'll have to find another venue to kiss Sanders' ass in while you dutifully repeat her blatant lies. Maybe it's time for another WHCD already?
Darn! So you got down on your knees and puckered your lips for nothing today?
Tending to those sick burns Michelle Wolf served this weekend, probably.
Sarah is busy burning more facts.
Get a new spine
Access journalism is deader'n Kelsey's nutmeg.
WOW! Such hatred! I hope you all feel better now!
Does it even matter?
Good! U @whca don’t deserve one!
Hey WHCA, don’t apologize
Well, there’s really nothing going on in the world, so...
Cowards
It is amazing to me how little objectivity appears in the comments on this tweet.
That apology was the most pathetic thing I've seen in a long time. Hopefully no president or comedian attends your phony and irrelevant dinner ever again after you threw @michelleisawolf under the bus.
Smoky eyed coward!  Can't hide forever @PressSec
congrats. You did it.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/blogs/erik-wemple/wp/2018/04/30/the-president-is-seeking-to-destroy-journalism-now-lets-debate-dinner-entertainment/?utm_term=.cc5989a4a0ff&__twitter_impression=true …
Take the afternoon and re-examine why it is you exist at all.
But you can get that chick on a loop from the WHCD
Of course not https://twitter.com/whca/status/990971941585670145?s=21 … the White House is too busy congratulating @whca on their #MichelleWolf hit job
No White House news briefing scheduled today.
You have no backbone!!! You are a joke now
Sarah run out of ashes for her Smokey eye?
Meaning no WHOLE. (White House Orchestrated Lying Endeavor.)
Bad hangover?
Kiss my ass
Surprising no-one
So, no lies from @PressSec with PERFECT SMOKEY EYES today?

Thank you @michelleisawolf, your jokes, albeit delivered at a roast, have created such a deep emotional cloud, that trained professionals are 'calling in sick' at the highest levels of US Govt.
They cancelled the show?
Good.  Gfy
GEE I wonder why? You people are scum & the country sees it #WHCD18
Kindly ask President Buhari why he has complacent with tackling the killing of xtians and sacking of xtian communities in Nigeria. #FulaniHerdsmenAttacks
Pathetic
Seriously. Sarah isn't up for it? SMH.......
Snowflakes.
good, they lie anyway
You CANCELLED yourselves with that apology. Real questions weren't going to get asked or answered anyway.
Lol

Bummer
Good news cancel the month of May ya know for a teaching moment of reflection
Giving the stage to Netinyahu, allowing his Iran announcement sink in before we make comments on it
Smart
#ToBeFair WH hasnt honestly released any news since Jan 2017
Good.
