I see the problem here: You didn't tell @michelleisawolf to lie.
That may stop me from watching ever again
We all need to just skip the news for the next couple of days. If they want to make themselves completely irrelevant, why are we giving them an audience??
That's a tough one. Can't deliberately be uninformed. Probably choose to engage and be selective
I mean, it works for trumpers. They don't mind staying deliberately ignorant. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
The best possible argument for not going there?
I can’t watch. It’s a sickness they can’t shake and Michelle called them out perfectly.
It seems unclear I was talking about not watching the dinner.  Sorry
Shame on you!  You are the very one's who are supposed to defend the 1st Amendment!  A comedian YOU INVITED AND HIRED does what she was supposed to do and you cower? You're also supposed to be literate, but can't understand no attacks were made on anyone's looks?
Shame on you for trading your actual purpose for access! 

Michelle Wolf did her job last night! 

How about you all start doing yours?

BTW, in the future, when reporting on what Trump, Conway and Sanders, it's called "lying." (Just like Michelle said.)
Yes she is!
Many more need to stand up!
Too bad we can't count on the Press not to fold!
#CrocodileTears 
Memo to DC Media & MSM
Remind me why THIS  is not offensive & disgusting but jokes by @michelleisawolf are?
Time to refocus back on #TrumpRussiaConspiracy & stop wasting time on the fragile egos of Media HYPOCRITES!
Hoping for a #MuellerMonday
This is disgusting. @michelleisawolf was bold and spoke the truth in calling out a lying, fascist administration. Perhaps if you and the media had the chutzpah to call out @realDonaldTrump and white supremacy, we wouldn’t be in this mess in the first place. #WHCA #whcd
Yes. @realDonaldTrump
You’re a Rabbi? You’ve got to joking! Who in G-d’s name would want to sit and listen to someone so hateful 
Trump supporters. Every day. You voted for this guy:
I didn’t vote for Trump but I have seen videos comparing this speech to others where he made nearly identical gestures so I’m no longer convinced he was mocking the guy.
Please provide those videos.
Even if it were true (it’s not—he was mocking the reporter) does that make Trump’s sickening immaturity and cruelty any better?
Wait...you hired a comedian and satirist to do a roast and then act shocked that she used comedy to satirize and roast people?
That’s pathetic. Not to mention that whether or not you found her material funny (that’s subjective), she was dead-on accurate about both the Trump Administration and so much (not all) of the press’s utter failure to hold Trump accountable during the campaign or since.
The truth Hurts 
What crap! How has this Administration done anything to support the media or treat your members with civility? This is why the Nazis took Germany over b/c other leaders did not stand up for principle and hold abnormal behavior in check.
You mean like this? Please 
Austrailia, Japan and every other rich, free country in the developed world instituted sane gun control without this happening. You people are completely mental. Anyone dumb enough to fall for this kind of propaganda lacks the judgment necessary to be trusted with weapons.
Japan is an island.  Australia is it's own continent.  We, unfortunately, border with Mexico.  You obviously haven't thought this through, completely.
And Canada borders you wing nuts and yet we don't have even a fraction of the gun problems you have, not to mention much stricter gun laws. 
What an own.  OH CANADA 
You've embarrassed all of us who have done our best to present the most honest journalism by releasing al statement asserting that telling the truth about the Trump administration is against the @whca "rules."
Next year just have Sarah Huckabee Sanders be the emcee.
Exactly...That Ryan video was a sign.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Apology?
Wow, just wow
See your Response to Retweet Ratio?  It means you are VERYVERYVERY Wrong!  How about stop kissing the asses of the people destroying this country and DO YOUR FUCKING JOBS!  Bunch of privileged Cowards. WHCA = White House Cowardly Asskissers!
Truth-telling is indispensable to great reporting. If your notion of "civility" conflicts with that, perhaps you are in the wrong field.
Truth-telling is one thing. Name calling is another.
You mean like "Sleepy-Eyes" Chuck Todd, "Lil'" Marco Rubio, "Lyin'" Ted Cruz? Like that?
Well, when you are correct, and its the truth...its different!  Corrupt Comey, Traitor Mc no name, etc!! LMAO at YOU!!
Radical self-dumbing.
You are cowards, the whole lot of you.
Not only did Michelle Wolf do her job on Saturday Night.  She did your job.
Brilliant.
Dear White House Press Corps,

You cannot be both the resistance and report to the rest of us 'fairly' about the 45th president.   You set the tone for over a year and suddenly you are not owning it.
Nah @brianstelter said it was GREAT
Access journalism is always about ACCESS first and the truth second. @michelleisawolf roasted every person in that room and never punched down. I thought she was hysterical and even handed with Dems, Press, GOP & the WH. Good for her. 
So you guys are going with the liar?  The person whose words are the President's words?  

What bullshit.
HORRIBLE statement.  "Speaking Truth to Power" & doing so via comedy shouldn't be apologized for simply because the administration is thin-skinned.  @michelleisawolf did an OUTSTANDING job, delivered incisive commentary and made us laugh.  MISSION ACCOMPLISHED!

#MichelleWolf
The truth was spoken and you cave because right wingers can’t handle the fact that everyone in power lies through their teeth. Give me a break!
Snowflakes
It was fine. What stung was the truth in what Michelle Wolf said. I have zero sympathy for liars and enablers who were offended by some jokes. They choose to work for Trump.
Maybe I'm just an out-of-touch old fogie but nudity has no place at a dinner honoring the Fourth Estate...Unless you're Charlie Rose or Matt Lauer...
Nudity?
Nudity? What channel was he watching?  Was  there a Stormy aftershow? How did we miss that?!?
@margarettalev  So, what...next year, Rich Little?
@michelleisawolf did exactly what she was hired to do and what great comedians do. Incompetent, immoral cowards is what the press is these days. I had my suspicions, thanks for confirming.

Yet you’re okay with the sitting president?  The “free” press is more concerned with access and ratings/readership than the truth. #WHCA #MichelleWolf
This may come as a surprise to you, but the purpose of the press is not to destroy a President they happen to dislike. It's to - gasp! - report on things. 

This is exactly what Trump is talking about; you are the reason he won. How does that make you feel?
It’s not the job of the press to amplify what liars say. It’s to differentiate facts from lies, while Sarah Huckabee Sanders promotes lies, which the press supports
And your answer to that is - abuse her at a dinner? THAT'S the function of the press?

You guys don't even have a coherent argument here. Four more years on the way.
She is a political figure who got mocked by a comedian. That’s practically the job of a comedian
It’s the job of the press to call a liar on her crap, NOT to defend her from being mocked
The problem of course is this, as is the problem with all conservatives: they want to be respected and supplicated to and they want everyone to supplicate to their leaders and they are really really sensitive when their leaders are laughed at
I’ve never met a conservative who wasn’t deeply, deeply angry that he wasn’t being honors in a way that he felt he deserved
Delete your association.
How sad that our Independant press is pandering to a administration which is tearing our democracy a part,spews hateful rhetoric everyday, who uses the lectern as a bully pulpit and they still can’t get their roles right,
Wow.This is the direction you’re heading in? In the past WHCD has hired people to speak who were equally if not more so provocative than Wolf.Since when did the press bow down to govt  &sideline truth?Truly, the press helped create the monster and now they want to be friends w/it
Amazing. We have the most uncivil, divisive White House in memory, led by a mean old troll, but GF a joke offends them. Under pressure, WHCA–our free press–is voluntarily ceding to the authoritarian's will–Snyder's obeying in advance–acquiescence on the road to tyranny & fascism.
Road to tyranny & fascism - fascism never looks in the mirror and you Paula need to take a hard look.
 wow, cruel and justifiable. Kudos for doing the right thing and not standing with @michelleisawolf Her performance was disgusting. #MAGA
Any thoughts on the vile and disgusting things that Trump says? Errr thought not!
I thought the Left was all for supporting women? I guess not Conservatives.

I don’t see the problem
You don’t see that as a problem but your feeling are hurt by what Michelle had to say?  Did you have a problem when Trump attacked Cruz’s wife? Or don’t see a problem with that because it doesn’t fit your narrative.
I voted for Cruz so yes I didnt care for it but it wasn't horrible. I thought liberals were all for supporting other women?
And of course you support Trump. And you’re okay with the way he treats people daily? That is the direct definition of hypocrisy. Call foul when it’s against you. But when it’s in a different direction it’s okay.
Pathetic response.
HER NAME IS MICHELLE WOLF.
.@whca #MichelleWolf told the truth, and you threw her under the bus with some babbling bullshit about a *unifying message* and *honoring civility*. @PressSec, who earns a living off taxpayer dollars, blatantly lies to our country every day. Your hypocrisy is mind-numbing.

Imagine if press went to bat like this for marginalized people instead of for fascists.

So what you're saying is kissing Donald Trumps wrinkled ass favorably is more important than journalistic standards. Good to know. Keep that in mind when your journalists start getting thrown into jail for asking the right questions. Because that's where you're driving this.
Checking your ratio and it appears...
@michelleisawolf did an excellent job. She called out your complicity with the disgraceful behaviors of this administration. #TruthHurts

This statement is a complete disgrace.  Wolf's NOT normalizing Trump's administration in front of a roomful of people who do it daily in exchange for access made some of you uncomfortable?  Do your jobs.
You’re the assholes who hired a fucking comedian. 
If you just wanted a thoughtful speech about free press & it’s unifying powers call, I don’t know, @KenBurns to talk about the history of the free press.
Are you f*&king Trump? Are you in cahoots with his administration? Is Michael Cohen wiring you $130,000? Why are you defending and covering for a violent & heinous administration that has attacked and destroyed our democracy. You should be holding him to account.  Shame on you!
Can’t you just hear the Star fking Spangled Banner swelling in the background as the 1st Amendment  lights up the sky?

<record scratch>

Oh wait, I’m being told we’re “preserving access.”

#cowards

This is why the fossil media will die.
Wouldn’t it B wonderful if @POTUS had an unifying agenda for the country? Furthermore,wouldn’t it B wonderful if @PressSec didn’t stand in front of her podium & lie to the American people on a daily basis?& wouldn’t it B terrific if the Media began pushing back against the lies?
1000%
Was anyone there familiar with @michelleisawolf & her work? I would think prior to hiring someone you might check them out. This is a ridiculous pandering statement because you knew how this was going to go. Michelle did nothing wrong. She did her job which you hired her to do.
That's what Talev said when first pressured by Stelter to say something different. There must have been so much pressure on her to renege later and apologise.
Well she caved and that’s how Democracy Dies

Don't forget, "Bad hombre`s" also!!!
Michelle Wolf's comments made me proud to be an American. She spoke truth to power, with her inimitable wit, unabasheldly and pulled no punchlines. This message of yours is bad form.

VJ, really. The 1st Amendment was created to protect political and religious opinions, not crude and inappropriate speech  The founding fathers never meant that. A good comedian should be sensitive to their audience.
How can you possibly be serious about this. You invited a comedian, who you knew was hostile the politicians in the room, and are now backpedaling? Did you do this when Colbert destroyed Bush, or is this because it was a woman this time? Oh please tell us more about free speech.
Disgusted by your treatment of Michelle Wolf. Yes, she is an "entertainer", as you pejoratively call her. 

She's also smart, hilarious, incisive, & speaks truth to power. 

Too many in that room helped usher in Trump & fail at holding him accountable. 

Do better. 

MUCH better.
This is a very disappointing response to a really powerful and illuminating comedy routine Ms Wolf was invited to give. It’s kind of like inviting someone to a pot luck and publicly bagging on the casserole they brought.
This is one of those statements that makes me wish I was a member of the group so that I could resign.
Sorry someone crashed your self-professed "nerd prom" with an actual critique of the state of journalism and this administration @whca. How dare a comedian like @michelleisawolf impugn the integrity of a weekend filled with self-congratulatory open bars and d-list celebs?
Wow. This is shameful.

All that matters here is @michelleisawolf is on the right side of history, and will always be remembered that way. 

This regime will go down as a global black eye that got called on their crap.
So pussy-grabbing, sexist, misogynistic, homophobic, racist Trump, inbred cousin Huckabee, lying Conway and the rest of the flying monkeys can lie, lie, lie, lie, lie every day. But when a comedian points out the TRUTH about the liars, you censor it!! Resign now!! RESIGN NOW!
Grow up. You invited a #comedian- & now you're the comedy police? (BTW I'm a #journalist reporting on #Trump.) Yr statement is not in the spirit of the mission of journalism, which includes respecting #freespeech & holding truth to power. The complaints smack of #accessjournalism
Definitely access journalism. The outlets are all lined up, ready for the car wreck in chief to potentially fall and all the dirt with it. . Biggest story since ever. Sad that they, through their own interests, would let the world burn than be let out of the loop.
. yes. So some didn't find it funny? Truth stings.
That is their loss. Quite a thing to roast the Administration in a comedic act when the Administration is so utterly bad, incompetent and under investigation. The irony would be to quip how good and competent it is and even that is insulting lol.
The thing is many launched at pretty much nothing directed at Sanders. The smokey eye allegations are pathetic at best. The rest? Well the administration have circled the wagons a while ago so their defensive - over sensitive take on anything is to be expected.
yes "#Smokeyeye allegations"!  #InTimesLikeThese...
Hope you have been well Wendy. Last time i spoke with you was back during "that" interview with you know who.
.yes, I remember! How could I forget! Am looking forward to flying to #Portugal! I'll be chairing a plenary on #TheAmericanDream with 2 US Senators, & a panel on #BlackMarkets at the Horasis Global Meeting @HorasisOrg- the new #Davos #IMHO. Can't wait for #Cascais!
Michelle Wolf was tasked with doing a routine on a corrupt & deplorable administration. Did you expect unicorns and rainbows?
I think this is what upset the Villager Journalists the most:
Gimme a break. Don’t kowtow to the suddenly-offended.
It’s a shame you have stumbled at the last hurdle Ms.Talev.  I guess the dinner doesn’t celebrate the first amendment and free speech after all. @michelleisawolf spoke the truth to power and your organization  should stand with her.
MISSING! If found, please contact the @whca.
Access Journalism —
Why media is apoplectic over Michelle Wolf’s #WHCD roast: 
 “[Trump] has helped you sell your papers & your books & your TV. You helped create this monster & now you’re profiting off of him.”
This is EXACTLY why. They can't handle the truth.
This is one of the most cowardly statements I have seen in a good long while. She did her damn job!
Are you kidding me? You’re going to start playing the POTUS’s way. Find your balls and put them back on!! This is bs for you to even respond. Take a look at the history of this dinner ... it’s what it’s always been - if it weren’t true, they would’ve laughed.
Don't look now but I think Trump just bought your spine!
How long has Margaret Talev been working for Fox News?
You're the goddamn 4th estate. Grow a pair and stand up for the truth. Call out the Trump and his administrations lie and America.
DO YOUR JOB!!
@michelleisawolf was absolutely on target about the DC press.

@StephMillerShow @frangeladuo @SueinRockville @JoyAnnReid @bobcesca_go
The one thing WHC's need to do right now is to take a stand against the endless dishonesty coming from the WH.  Sadly, they hold back due to fear of losing access.  This is dangerous and not indicative of a truly free press.  @michelleisawolf said what WHC's need to be saying.
Shame on you for caving!  

Next year, why don't you give everyone a medal or a gold star or a cookie, pat yourselves on the back, hold hands and sing fucking kumbaya. 

#MichelleWolfForPresident #FuckAllYall
Speaking truth to power is hard. @michelleisawolf spoke the truth and #WHCA refuses to hear her. Try listening a little harder. (Flint still doesn't have clean water.)

I sympathize with your position, for I too have been a coward.
*sigh*  I'm so disappointed in our media today.  Our "president" and all his supporters insult ANYONE that disagrees. Every day, we see new insults lobbed at people of color, immigrants, LBGT, disabled people, women, etc.  DAILY. And yet somehow comedy crossed a line?
Trump called a former Miss Universe "Miss Housekeeping" and "Miss Piggy" and yet a crack at Sarah Huckabee Sanders eye shadow is crossing the line?
Trump made fun of a disabled reporter.  Yet a crack at Sarah Huckabee Sanders eye shadow is crossing the line?
Trump uses 3rd-grade level insults such as "Pocahontas" and "Little Rocket Man" and "Sleepy eyed Chuck". Yet a crack at Sarah Huckabee Sanders eye shadow is crossing the line?
Trump supporters sport this kind of attire.  Yet a crack at Sarah Huckabee Sanders eye shadow is crossing the line?
About 20 women have accused Trump of inappropriate sexual misconduct.  Yet a crack at Sarah Huckabee Sanders eye shadow is crossing the line?

"@Don_Vito_08: "A picture is worth a thousand words" @realDonaldTrump  #LyingTed #NeverCruz  @MELANIATRUMP "
A day later @margarettalev of @WHCA, turns her back on @michelleisawolf after being the first person excitedly waving everyone over for a celebratory photograph.  @yashar
Her remarks reflected perfectly on your mission which seems to be to prop up a demagogue & his goons. @michelleisawolf spoke truth to power. You seem to not have any idea what journalism is. She does & she shined a light on your lack of integrity. The truth hurts. Do better.

Seriously @whca is this because @michelleisawolf is a woman?  The monologue was funny AND entertaining. Don't follow the lead of the @NFL and succomb to the bullying of @realDonaldTrump and his supporters. MSM need to take the hits they earned and do better.
This is a pretty weak way to respond to such a great set. She did what we all expected. She expressed her right to free speech and criticized those in power while sticking to real issues that matter. The fact that her jokes hit so close to home should be a wake up call.
Shameful. Just shameful. As Trump is threatening the press and dems daily, bullying women, and the disabled you are worried that the powerful will have their feelings hurt. No wonder we are in this historical mess.

Why can’t you say her name?  How is Michele’s performance any different than past years comedic performers? Do your job. Hold the truth out as a fire to light the darkeness within our government.
See? That bullshit apology begets this: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2018/04/30/michelle-wolf-regret-shows-that-trump-has-actually-raised-the-bar-for-media-civility/?utm_term=.b17795371850 … You have successfully given them the opportunity to hog tie journalists & made this abomination of an "administration" the arbiter of what is truth. You should double down, not back off.
THAT ARTICLE IS THE PROBLEM!
You fuckn cowards.
Scared bitches.
Shame on this statement!
I guess you’re drinking the kool aid now too
Sadly, it appears that Trump has grabbed your voice by the balls! It appears that your organization has lost yours! You've also lost your integrity! #WHCA #WHCD18
Shame on you. Stand for truth, journalists!
Cowards.

Access journalists. Disband this self-congratulatory, complicit group of stenographers
Exactly, *how* is a comedian supposed to send a "unifying message" while commenting on a WH whose entire platform and message has been divisive, destructive, and polarizing? @michelleisawolf
@michelleisawolf did what you guys don't have the balls to do call out the lying liars in this "administration." The real issue? she called out the complicity of the media for not doing their jobs & profiting from it. Thank you, Michelle!
Wow, what a cowardly, hypocritical response to Wolf’s valid criticism about media complicity in publicizing, electing Trump. Why hold her to a higher standard than the president? Is it not more obscene that the press secretary can tell boldface lies without any consequences?
Jokes, they should be biting to get the point the across. Otherwise they're not really jokes.
You're an embarrassment to democracy, and we'll always remember you as such. Congratulations.
grow a pair.
Congratulations. You’ve rendered your very existence irrelevant, if not an outright danger to our nation.
Well, she’s not getting a Christmas card from ME this year.  Also, RIP journalism.
If you're so worried about ensuring coverage that benefits the public why in Hell don't you call Sarah @PressSec Sanders on her lies?
Grow a spine.
This is extremely disappointing. @michelleisawolf was brilliant and absolutely spot-on.
That’s an understatement and you failed miserably - but if dividing the country more is on your hidden agenda/ Congrats- job well done #WHCA #fail
Scary. The whole point of the #whcd supposedly is about the 1st amendment. Why did you go to Michelle’s after party if you were so offended? I hope any comedian hired for this next year will NOT agree to be censored. #smh #freepress #freespeech
Delete your account,
Your “entertainer” was great... It’s about time someone spoke truth about the liars in the White House. The press seems to just report their bull shit rather than call them on it.
So much for being guardians of the First Amendment when you tuck tail at the first sign of being called for being puppets of our despotic regime.
Your MISSION is supposed to be keeping Americans informed as to the activities of their Chief Executive and his staff. You’ve been falling down on that job lately. It’s a sad commentary when a comedian does your job better than you do, and you condemn her for it.
Seriously??I've seen SHS stand at the podium and treat the WH press corps like crap!!She's been rude, crude & socially unacceptable.Refusing to answer questions; as well as everyone apparently HAS to say " thank you Sarah" if she calls on them. One sided kiss bum with a LYING WH.
Stop kowtowing to Trump.  There is no way that what happened yesterday comes even close to what Trump and his administration does to people everyday.
@michelleisawolf is an inspiration to those of us americans who haven't sold out to naziism.
Cowards. She called you out, and rightly so.
This is totally out of line! The current Trump Regime has a thin skin and can make hurtful statements against women people of color LGBTQ people and anyone else they don’t like. Michelle said her words as part of a roast/ comedy act. That’s acceptable - what trump says isn’t
Shame on you. Go do your damn jobs instead of rushing to defend someone who willfully lies on a daily basis.
Secondly, Sarah HS has lied to CITIZENS & disrespected the honor of the position she holds. Her opinion is only worth what her word would be, and her word, is worth ! She has done nothing but lie, and try to belittle press. Screw her feelings!
While everyone is talking about bullshit dinner it's coming out traitors tried to create a false flag with Iran to insight WWIII with Russia. No wonder they spent trillions under Denver. For those wanting to get #woke find #QAnon #qanon8chan at http://qanon.pub  for truth.
Holy shit. Your organization is made up of cowards if they agree w/this bullshit. She was funny and dead-on. She didn’t insult SHS’s looks, but I’m glad you were there to rub her back cause her fee-fees were hurt. @michelleisawolf spoke truth to power, which is necessary.
So this is why WHCA is not on this list of professional media organizations
Just commenting to contribute to this ratio on this despicable statement
All you're going to do is lose us that watch it.. You can change the format all you want over a damn joke, but if nobody is watching you're just wasting your time. When did we start to hold comedians ABOVE the POTUS?? Guess this is the last year I'll be watching.
Grow a spine. Seriously, we’re all embarrassed for you. This is so cowardly and sad.
If the WHCA doesn't understand the meaning of free speech, this country is in deep doo doo
Where is your statement to the President who routinely attacks the press?  Worry less about a comedian.

I've seen MUCH WORSE at previous WHCDs  The irony of anyone being upset & apologetic for Michelle telling the TRUTH w/so many daily lies from our President & Press Secretary is astounding. This is disappointing, on so many levels. Censorship is dangerous & imperils a free society
Scary that #WHCA more concerned about keeping Trump happy (maybe they are afraid of his tweets or being arrested) than they are about defending the truthful words of a hired comic.  But then again, #WHCA was part of the crew that helped give us Trump. #BlueWave2018
Some day, this letter will be studied as part of the slide of the US into fascism. The Day the Press Caved.
Weird that you weren’t offended during dress rehearsal.
Stop throwing parties for yourselves, you haven’t earned them and it is unseemly
Any monologue by any comedian about this administration would be dividing. @michelleisawolf ‘s monologue was good.
100% accurate.
Maybe if journalists told the truth a comedian wouldn't have to.
You have completely forgotten your mission to be an independent, free press. You dishonor the professional journalists who came before you and you do a grave disservice to the American people by pretending every day that what we are living in is not as disastrous as the Civil War
I don't want the comparison misconstrued. The divisiveness, the brutality, the death of both people and civility that occurred in the War between the States, I believe is being matched right now by this regime and the ignorant hate it spawns.
Perhaps next year, you can call it the Trump State Media Dinner, which is what it sounds like you want it to become.

Yeah, @michelleisawolf’s comments stung a bit. But the truth sometimes hurts.

#WHCA pushback misses entire point of #1A.
She didn’t make fun of @PressSec  looks, she just exposed to fact that @PressSec blatantly lies her ass off at daily briefings and most of the people in that room have done VERY LITTLE to push back on those outrageous lies.
BOOM!
Well they fell SHORT of their GOALS !!! #hirebetterpeople #vetthemonolge

you missed dude.  You made whatsername famous for 15 minutes...but y'all gave tons of credibility to Trump about fake (aimed) news.  Y'all are building walls faster than he is.  Mercy
  You’re clearly in the minority.  For once.  How does it feel?
So, I think I understand now. You lot are happy with @realDonaldTrump and @PressSec and their lies as long as you get access. However, as soon as someone points that out in stark relief you spit the dummy.
Michelle Wolf needs to do a new routine roasting you and all the journalists who are clutching their pearls over smokey eyes and lots of lies. Your response , and those of others who agree with you, needs to be outed for its cowardice and pandering to a despot who hates the press
What a way to wimp out!  The talent has always tweaked everyone, especially those in power and now you want to change the format just because some were upset??  Yes, a few jokes went too far and a few simply were not funny.  But generally speaking I stand with @michelleisawolf !
Booo! Good luck finding someone next year. Maybe Tim Allen is available?
This is outrageous. You are enabling a bully with the same regard for free expression as Erdogan or Duterte. In the name of free thinking please  retract and stand up for satire!! #spineless #cowards
You are complicit in getting him elected. Michelle was correct to call you out for the money you have made off this buffoon. You refuse to call him a liar, she did not. Shame on you!
What a bunch of sycophantic cowards you have become.
This statement is contrary to what you SHOULD stand for. Please look inwardly and remember the role you’re supposed to play in a free, democratic, society.
BOO ON YOU !!! She did exactly as she should!!!!
she totally did what you hired her to do.  Stop being so easy to push around
Cowards.

This is cowardly. You delegitimized the dinner with this. I’ll never pay attention ever again.
U invite a comedian to his or her job well. She did just that. There was truth telling. #WhiteHouseCorrespondenceDinner
If you don't start telling the truth about Trump now, at every turn, a time will come soon when the only things you will be able to report are his lies.
As journalists you have a duty to the citizenry and the truth. This statement defies this obligation and sends a troubling message. We count on reporters to be the canaries in the coal mine, not complicit with a regime openly detrimental to the free press.
This is a mistake. The problem you're having is the delusion that The White House or its lackeys on Fox News are committed to a free press or civility. Actually, I think you know that's BS and are pretending because that's what passive victims do.  Wake up.
Sorry to see that you disagree the 1st Amendment. Perhaps you would have censored Mark Twain. You prove MWs point, journalists are in bed with politicians, & "news" is now entertainment/PR. You help perpetuate this when you decide to lie down instead of stand up. So disappointed
It was a DISGRACE!!!  Filthy DISGRACE!!!
Give me a break & grow a spine. SHS lies every single day & all Michelle did was call her on it. Everyone knows this is a roast. Why are you apologizing?
As a woman, I am offended that you pretend this was about her looks. It wasn't even about her makeup; it was about her lying openly. I'm so sick of people hiding behind women when it suits them. You make a mockery of the fight for equality. Shame!
Margaret Talev needs to #RESIGN
What about the 1st Amendment don't you understand? How about advocating that your members do their jobs and call out the administration for the lies it tells each day. It was comedy, and while edgy, spoke more truth to power than many in the media do. Shame on you.
Lame
Don’t bother continuing with the annual dinner if you can’t take the heat along with thode being roasted. This is no time to be assisting in the suppression of freedom of speech in this country
Wow, I am embarrassed for the WHCA. Comediennes have had President & admin at butt of their jokes forever. Why sudden change in acceptance? If this wasn't what you were expecting then apologize for your poor vetting of that selection. Like hiring 3Stooges & not expecting violence
@michelleisawolf killed it. But I don't get the problem. You hired a comedian who told topical jokes, consistent in style with her past shows. @whca - I support you to use free press as sunshine. But your comments here show you weren't ready for real speaking truth to power.
COWARDS!!!!!!!!!! This is pathetic.  So are you.  @michelleisawolf  held up a mirror in that room, shame on YOU if you don't like the reflection.
It was crude, certainly. But it was the truth.
just put us out of your misery & end the event. if 10 minutes of uncomfortable truth is unbearable then its time to turn off the cameras & celebrate your rich, privileged selves in private.
Weak response. You should be supporting the truth not lying Sarah.
This statement reads like an abuse victim
defending the Abuser.
You have proved Wolf and Trump right, "journalism" has become Fake News. Click bait. Free advertising for Trump. Podiums for Sanders and Conway. Wolf mentions Flint and the media wants to talk about yarn, instigate more clickbait controversy.
Remember when the Bush administration set up "Free Speech Zones" in order to corral and effectively silence citizens with whom he disagreed. Yeah, WHCA--that's YOU now...
You booked her. And she came out and told the correspondents they created Trump. And profit off him. His behavior is normalized, SHS demeans, lies to the WHCS everyday but you apologize for booking Michelle Wolfe. She is braver than anyone in that room . She took it right to you.
Hypocrisy part of your Mission Statement?  WoW.
Cry me a river. @michelleisawolf said EXACTLY WHAT YOU NEEDED TO HEAR! The truth, unvarnished or not, was too much for you. You need to own your part in this debacle. Step down from your lofty ivory tower and DO YOUR GODDAMN JOB, FFS.
o, puhleeze-grow a fucken pair and stand behind the one who told the truth- @michelleisawolf - and not the one who lies on a daily, even hourly basis, to deceive the American public. #GTFOH
YUCK!  Shame on you!
Don’t you dare apologize. Follow Michele Wolf’s lead. She is doing the job you should be doing: calling out liars and protecting democracy.
The comedians have been doing your job for over a year now.  Maybe we should just give it to them.  I will take truth over bullshit ANYTIME.  If there is one thing I've grown sick of w/f ing trump, it's the constant lying.
Truth hurts your fee fees, does it? @michelleisawolf told the truth, and apparently YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH.
You bunch of pieces of crap. The only THING @michelleisawolf did wrong was tell the TRUTH. About @realDonaldTrump #ThePress @PressSec She spoke to their integrity. You condem HER? Umbrage my friends! Umbrage!
Shame on you. This is a celebration in free speech?  Please, she wasn’t partisan, she spoke truth to power. We should be appalled by the White House lies, not at Michelle Wolf for pointing that out.
Chicken shit.
Maybe next year have Malaria show us what she’s got. I bet IQ45 would attend!
You craven invertebrates.
Please. She told absolute truths about your membership and the politicians in attendance and you didn’t like it. But go ahead, suck up to your bread and butter on the Right, and their hypocritical faux outrage. Play into to their hands, maybe you can get them elected again in ‘20
Maybe you should ask for a press conference with the President to ask his opinion?
