That will be her see I have black friends picture

You look fabulous. The woman with the tacky clutch,  I'd rather not have to be reminded of.
That must be recycled from her hideous Inauguration suit.
Well you look very beautiful Ms. Ryan n that's all I got to say about this....
Yes she does....and not that I care for Kellyanne much... but she looks nice too....IJS one thing has nothing to do wit the other
ahh nope
With respect, This is why people don’t trust. You might call it a “professional night out” but what we see is y’all making toasts and smiling with people who lie openly/advocate racist/bigoted ideologies. The threat to democracy is real to us regular folks. We are really worried.
Well said.
"I actually really like Sarah. I think she's very resourceful, but she burns facts and then she uses that ash to create a perfect smoky eye. Maybe she's born with it; maybe it's lies. It's probably lies."
I know she lies for 45, but I felt bad for Sarah Sanders when Michelle was roasting her. She looked hurt and embarrassed.
Are you kidding me?
I, honestly, felt sorry for her, in that moment..Lol! She looked pitiful and uncomfortable, like she would have slid under the table if she could.
I wonder why she doesn’t feel that any when she lies

E
V
E
R
Y

D
A
Y
You just went down a peg in my eyes.
Naaa, it is easy to talk to people you agree with but nothing gets done. Gotta reach out to the other side
There are plenty of people on the other side that are more worthy of reaching out to.
I call this photo- 2 Forced Smiles
Ten to one odds she doesn't recognize April Ryan at all
What are the odds that both of them are thinking about their need to shower as this photo was snapped?
This is the part I don’t get, how can you pretend for even one minute that Kellyanne is not enabling this destructive administration. I just don’t see the joke
Stop giving her a platform.
Oh April... 
You’re being Kanye with this picture...please stop...
Ugh...you’re a better person than me. I couldn’t show grace to these...”people”. Not with a front row seat to them trying to dismantle democracy.
April......about last night 
Flint still doesn’t have clean water. Report that, you needed a comedian to remind the press #sad 

Thank you @michelleisawolf
You brought the Crypt Keeper as your +1?
Why do you stand next to these people and smile?  Do you respect them?  Do you think they respect you?  Have they shown that?  Isn’t this like saying, “See, we are all just doing our job?”  I find this picture disturbing. You are giving them credence where there is none.
Disappointed! 
Did you ask her why black men who kneel quietly in front of a flag are “sons of bitches,” but she’s parading around the #whcd2018 using the American flag (with sequins, no less) as a clutch purse?
Why April?! Whhhhhhyyyyyyyy???????!!!!!!
This is a hard no April.
why tho? what are you trying to say here? the caption, this picture...what are you doing here?
And this is the problem with access journalism. You must on some level accept and normalize it for your own professional survival. This is a shame.
I don't see good ones as selling out,  saying crap they don't believe in… 

I however do see them with incredible control of their emotions CHOOSING to be decent dignified and polite in the face of some pretty awful abusive treatment and even death threats… that's strength
Don’t get me wrong, I think April is a great journalist. But at the end of the day the WH press corps relies on friendly relationships with these people. I honestly couldn’t be descent with any of them. I do t have that strength. I just wouldn’t give them the time of day.
Kellyanne has got more alternative Facts than the cost of her dress.
I dont get it. Why are y'all posing with these monsters that have done their level best to destroy the integrity of the free press???
Looking cute, Ms. Ryan. 

Obviously, this was taken before @michelleisawolf spoke.   .
No April. Just...no.
Now April...
WHY?
Was Kelly Ann Kanye there?
Very disappointed in you. Not for working with the other side, but for working with her. She is a proven liar and will manipulate anything for attention.
WHY?!
Who asked whom to stand for the picture? Don't normalize her.

This must have been AFTER the roast ...even Kellyanne's stomach is smiling.
How can you stand next to that shrew without cringing? And that bag is nauseating.
Thanks for pointing that out - that bag screams rich white MAGA lady
That's like sleeping with the enemy.
Gross
Whyyyyyyyy?!?!
You've always had grace and class, which is pictured here. I could never be be so kind or elegant toward her. I'd tell what I thought, then cuss her out in English and Spanish before wanting to slap her. Geez, I'd be shot, arrested, or both

How long did it take to get the knife out of your back, April? Careful around her ...
Why? I don't get this. She's a purveyor of lies and hate.
Whyyyyyyy
The disrespect of the American flag makes me sad. I feel like the people who pretend to defend it most disrespect it most.
Kellyanne conjob should stand next to real humans more often .
Why hasn't she been disbarred?  What happened to that story?
Please—don’t do this. This picture is worth a thousand of your words.
Please.
Don't make her significant. Shes the alternative facts Queen. Don't give her a platform.
hope u had a wonderful evening Utmost respect for what u do every day April! TY!! for seeking to BOTH find TRUTH & share + teach truth to our families. Ur truth IS heard,it has an impact on lil future voters. My oldest 2 just registered 4 Nov 18  in part bc of ppl lk YOU!
But .... Why?

So the only picture you posted is you with a liar for hirer.  Telling...
Omg smh this picture is so conflicting...i can stretch so called professionalism & courtesy ...but this looks to cozy...makes me wonder is everyone in cahoots?? Sister ryan is thee only black voice we have, but this picture is disturbing.
“She insults millions of Americans, lies for a living, commits crimes, supports a racist President but it’s all so funny because I need access.”
How could you 
WTF. get your pic taken to be polite if asked, okay. But why are you posting it? This is exactly why don't trust the "MSM." Great choice April 
Stop giving Kellyann CONway a platform!!!
Just all the way wrong April.
After what they said about you?
You should all be ashamed of last night and asking Michelle Wolf to apologise!
#prayforSarah
Yaaaa..About last night...I mean..I wouldn't be caught DEAD taking a picture with that ..that...Vile CON!!
Ugh giving her a platform and reason to say “I have a very good black friend”
Nope.
 you queen; however, this is the EXACT reason that the American people cannot trust the media. You're all in this together... Amerikkka is some kind of crooked entity. Us vs them; 99v1
Ugh, really?! #normalizemuch?
You look amazing!  But there’s a piece of lint on your right shoulder?
Kneeling during a song is clear disrespect for the American flag, while chopping it up and making a handbag out of it isn't. See how crazy people think?
Why would you want a picture with this liar who is so rude to the press?
I'm starting to think you're making this white House normal, no matter how much they don't like you wow!
Gross.
Why? Why? Why? C’mon April!

Okurrrr
Pro wrestlers shaking hands offstage.
You look great!  FYI, there was a bug on your right arm.
 

Check your wallet.
LMFAO
You both look beautiful! Nothing more should be said about this. Be good, be nice, be an American! @kanyewest is right we need to show more love. #SaturdayMorning #MichelleWolf #SarahHuckabeeSanders #SundayThoughts #goodsunday #GodsLove #Love #LoveistheAnswer #putGodInYourHeart
Why? Just why?...all the gold in the world would not entice me to stand near her...can't rationalize this at all!
Why, April?
I guess it's all a big joke to all of you...  I would not be caught dead (or under a tree) with that joke of a woman!  Yeah April, you have lost some creds right here!
April demonstrating the way you handle an uncomfortable situation. Take note @PressSec!
Love you, April... but cozying up to the people who belittle you, are rude to you, lie to you and about you, ignore you, offend you, demean and accuse you day after day, week after week, month after month is just wrong. Smiles for the camera last night. Same damn shit tomorrow.
I'm  confused
I wish this picture made me happy.  It doesn't.  #kellyanneconway lies to the American people on a daily basis and supports a racist, misogynist, xenophobe who also lies on a daily basis and does nothing to unify the country.  This picture makes me sad.
#Trump #FakePresident
You’re better than this, April. @KellyannePolls demeans everything you and your free press colleagues hold dear.
Someone better call Drumpf. His staff is disrespecting the flag.
You know you're being used, right? I guess the way they treat the press isn't important anymore???
I lose a little respect for every reporter who poses with this lying monster.
NOPE
Lovely pic
Before/During/After
Does she have any meat on those bones?
She’s slowly turning into Kathy Griffin on crack.
By taking this photo with this liar, and smiling in it, you normalize her evilness.
You definitely classed that picture up!
Bleccccccch!
Why stand with someone who lies incessantly to the press? I hold you in the highest esteem April, but I’m let down by this photo.
The purse just kills me. Are you kidding me?
@whca
Trump Justice Dept removes language about freedom of the press from internal manual http://hill.cm/m0lyOiI  
AMERICA STOP RETWEETING PHOTO LIKE THIS EVEN FROM OUR SO CALLED FRIENDS.
Why are we normalizing her?
You cannot be serious
That’s one for the books
Why pose with the enemy, April? I’m confused. But, you look great. 
whoa! really sis.  we were rooting for u. sorry, no more bbqs for u.
Be careful. If you lay with dogs you get fleas. #Trumplies
Did you stop to pick up your spine after this pic?
All I’ll say about that is... April, you look beautiful.
The point? Is it all a show? I feel about this photo like I felt when I heard that Maddow is good friends with Greta Van Susteren or that Keith Olbermann dated Laura  Ingraham. It confuses me and makes me queasy.
Politics 
Nice pic,Ladies!!
April, you look beautiful....can't say the same about the guy you're standing next to. Oh, my bad...that's Kellyanne Conway. 
Really April.... have you no shame?
Ugggghhhh
WHY!!
The vulgarity was too much. You correspondents need to put forth a professional aura. That didn't help. You realize that Conway is absolute opposite of you. You represent truth, she represents alternative facts/untruths.
April, this picture makes it harder for me and others to take you seriously when you complain that people like Conway hurt democracy when they call you Fake News.  It doesn’t appear that you really mind that much.

It's a nice picture.
Just sickening
Well maybe those death threats weren't all that serious ....the media and this regime are all buddies. Good to know ...i was worried about her
Come on now April
You look beautiful April. Not sure about your friend. Is this a fake friendship?
Y'all, come on. April is in the middle of a swamp of piranhas. Her job requires her to appear neutral. And you never know where your next unnamed source is going to come from. It's all about faking it til you're breaking it (The Big Story). Keep on, @AprilDRyan !
No
Don’t fall for it April.
Who cares about the off color (funny) jokes. Let's talk about April R giving us total glamour realness!
You have 'splaining to do? 
Bloody hell....April...did you use anti-bacterial gel after touching Conjob?
April you look amazing. The thing in the white dress looks higher than a kite. Did the resident doc give her some drugs?
That accessory next to you April was a big fail. Next time, have a photo with someone with class, and not the devil's bride.
You look gorgeous April can't say much about your partner!
You are a class act April, stepping over differences for the common good. And you look awesome.
I love you, April, but OMG how could you take a pic with someone who lies to the press and American people incessantly? I know it's the WHCD but how?!?

ugh!
This annual event always reminds me that the media and the power brokers are in bed together.
Ugh
Don’t get any of that evil on you, Ms Ryan!
Better go home and shower  now
Confusion
Why????
You’ll need to have that dress steam cleaned April.
The women at the Trump administration don’t age gracefully at all! Geez
You look gorgeous April.
This lovely, #honorable #lady @AprilDRyan is a #treasure and lookin' #gorgeous
?
Classy April.
Really? Flag 
Jesus... her pockets are full of those 6 billions for opioid, how much is she keeping? She looks very happy.  @KellyannePolls smile just shows she's at the White House for money.
You are brave April....
She didn't wear her patriot garb though. #KellyAnneCryptKeeper #NaziFascist #ArrestTraitors #KellyAnneTreason
Why April?
Barf
Why April? You can pretend to be nice, but this woman lies to the American people on the platform you provide. You can get glammed up and make nice, but we have to put the work on the ground to undo the damage of Alternative Facts ... and you just gave them credibility
Did you get a chance to whoop Huckabeyotch's ass in the ladies room or outside? If not, that's kind of disappointing!

And the award for best actress goes to ................
You and Kellyanne got married?
Off camera, does Kellyanne ever say what she really thinks?
Where's the pic with Sarah Slanders? Ugh...
Has anyone physically seen April today? I worry about her so.
April, look out! There's a walker on your right flank! Do NOT get bitten!
Watch out for falling trees, April.
She is not a true believer her husband proves that with his tweets she is in it to make $$ she is personal friends with Chris and Andrew cuomo and personally hates Donald trump and everything he stands for she is the leaker
You’re a better person than I.  No way would I pose for a picture with someone who bragged about the WH providing “alternative facts” to the media.  And someone who clearly has no respect for my profession.
I don't get it April. You ostensibly seem to want to report the truth, your often victimized and she does what she does to pay got botix, her European vacations and lifestyle. What am I missing? Are you a better person?  Or is this all a scam and we're just on our own out here?
Tell Kellyanne she needs a slip under that dress. You look stunning
Stop normalizing monsters!!! WTF is wrong with all of you!? This isn’t a fucking game!!!
Which uses more pints of makeup?
@AprilDRyan you have such grace!
Oh Lord Jesus. You look fab April! Not sure about the chicken next to you.
Ryan..,woof
We need you more than ever, April.
This picture is embarrassing for you. Can we say hypocrisy?
Umm, why???
Kelly looks like she is drunk as usual ...how many 5? drinks
You're the epitome of the reason they invited a comic like that. Posing for a selfie doesn't excuse your behavior.
Time to call out the racist regime instead of being complicit. You are NOT a reporter.
Wait a minute.
Somebody feed that woman



Well, at least you look fabulous, Ms. Ryan.
& I just lost all respect for you....SAD
Please @AprilDRyan  say it ain't so.Did you go home and have a quick bath to be rid of @KellyannePolls  bad Karma?
Fake as fuck
Wow
Spooky skeleton
Can you imagine if @KellyannePolls was the #PressSecretary?

@kathygriffin ... I'd die.
ummmm.....gross. she is foul April
Haaaay nah!
The Crypt keeper was there?

Damn, why didn't they have him speak?
Why!
This is how it is supposed to be.
Yuck
The Potus peeps were only there to get their 15 mins of attention, since their Potus wasn’t there to take it all.
Black don't crack! The other one smokes crack.
Really Ms. April...?
Why?
