With my excellent reporting partner @rachanadixit at the #WHCD tonight. 
And where is the exhaustive reporting of Obama Cabinet members travel costs. I can't send to find it
Bot
Now can they do this with the abomination at the #EPA please? 
Meaning, of course, #ScottPruitt
I'm so confused that you keep on maintaining that you're journalists. 

Don't you ever consider the fact that you're 100% shills for Democrat party? 

That you go after your own kind maybe...generously...1% of the time? 

Have you thought of giving context? 

Truth? 

#FakeNews
Reminds me of when I helped track Al Gore’s private plane usage  (while he bought carbon credits of course) #vintage
You worked for Fatboy & Fox. Real journalists like these are way out of your league sweetpea
Isn't @whca concerned how this reporting might harm their mission of unity? Couldn't this reporting be used to divide people?
They should probably apologize.
And bury it.. am I right?

They don't want to hurt feelings, and *cough* lose access *cough*
Now this is what true journalism is all about.
Too bad the association that represents them chose to condone censorship and snuggled up to fascism today.  Good, effective journalists need to take a stand against people like @margarettalev and @mitchellreports.
On behalf of the citizens of the u.s., Canada, Mexico and the enitre planet, thank you for your dogged determination to protect the constitution, that the admin swore to protect, but didn’t. And we know they didn’t, because of you. #ProtectTheFirst #FreePress = #FreeCountry
Any good comedian hired by the free press to exemplify free expression should know enough to tell only jokes that flatter and aggrandize those in power. This is the Soviet United States, after all, isn’t it, @michelleisawolf?
Problem was Wolf, who seems like she could be funny, absolutely bombed. That was the real issue. You can try to believe your version but it's distorted.
I don’t know most of the people I know thought she was funny and spot on.
Few thought she was funny including the vast majority that were there.  She just didn’t deliver.  Roasting people is funny she wasn’t
Her roast was funny and spot on. The reason many attending didn’t find it funny it because she called them out too.
I think you confuse agreeing with her to being funny. She bombed. I have said it before, I feel bad for her. She was just not at the right time and place. It was awkward and uncomfortable for her, not the targets of her "jokes" We all saw that.
Excellent Work Dr Howard Dean!   Abby Kantor Agnew and I agree with Attorney @LisaBloom
Are they the two that worked so diligently tracking down @HillaryClinton 's 30,000 missing emails??
Yeah, but then the WHCA hired someone and that someone told some jokes that made people uncomfortable so now that same association is self castrating in the name of... I don’t really know why they are self castrating. 

Access is a hell of a drug.
your cowardly memo would not have been written if the speech was delivered by a man
2014: a clearly enraged nancy pelosi attacks joel mchale for insulting her appearance 
@jaketapper @ddiamond @rachanadixit just think of the criminality they could have uncovered for 8yrs if they did swallow sword
Adding them to my list. In the Trump era we have to work harder to decide what journalists to trust.  I look for facts. Trump may end up reviving serious investigative journalism
Its a shame all your hard work would be dismissed immediately by the #WHCA so they can keep their news-fodder fool @realDonaldTrump happy.
media scum who enabled the humiliation of Sarah Sanders
How about some reporting on the wasteful and corrupt Obama administration?
scandal-hopping is the low-hanging fruit of journalism in this era.
Just curious, did Price ever reimburse the cost of his private plane use ?
The media of activists
that article was intense...like a book,really,really bad ass reporting, it was like watching the film "north by northwest" bravo
Maybe just maybe the #WHCD should be about/celebrate our fine journalists
Can get rid of prewitt
Yay...intrepid reporters doing their job just like the rest of us do every day.
At least these two did the necessary footwork and provided indisputable evidence to support their case.
Maybe have them speak instead.
If the Democrats were in the White House this wouldn't be a story. We wouldn't even hear about it. But because it's Trump and his nominees it's attack, slander, discredit, destroy. You don't talk about the money to Dems wasted. What a bunch of disgusting people. Double standards.
Bravo
wow, now do the obama administration
Now Scott Pruitt needs the very details and costs of all@his shares escapades
You also were awarded for work, weren't you? I can't remember which of the many prestigious awards it was, but great work!
Did the reporter/reporters that filmed and broke the news on the Clinton/lynch tarmac meeting win any awards??
Yeah nobody cares about there story though. Why not celebrate @SaraCarterDC who has been the best investigative reporter in Washington? Jk I know why
The piece they did on Barack and Mooch taking separate jets to the Vineyard was awesome..... Oh. Never mind. Americans are still waiting on that one....
COMPLICIT
We need you to keep doing this. Thank you.
Congratulations Josh!  Now can you do this with the Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton Meeting in 2016??  Bet you won's work as diligently!
Hats off to you!
Driven entirely by the "Resistance" agenda.  Obama's people wasted way more, including Defense Secy who would fly to CA every weekend without any explosive exposes.  This is dishonest media waking up when they agenda is on the ropes, and congratulating themselves for it.
THANK YOU!!!!
No thanks who wants to listen to a misogynist racist fascist Marxist spout off with a bunch of propaganda for the rich and have benefited from the political elite and don't want to give up the ways of the past rich getting richer and the middle class getting poor the gap is wider
But did they get permission from tRump before they did all that?  I hear that's big in media circles these days.  they must have, right?  Nothing gets out unless the administration says it's okay.
BOOOOOO TO YOU ALLL
Aren’t they afraid how this will hurt the administrations feelings? Please consult with whca on new “unity” guidelines
Sounds like a fun assignment.
But in a govt rife with corruption it's meaningless and no amount of pretending it is will change that.
Just like you did for last administration.
What a disaster. Making fun of abortions, tragedies, women’s careers and looks.  Over and over Democrats and Liberals proving they are complete national embarrassments.
Bot
Imagine if that super bravery and hard work went into something that mattered to anything besides just trying to undo this administration by any means necessary? #journalismisactivism
Bot
Brilliant rebuttal.
The two months could PROBABLY have been better spent on Nutri System
Wondering if anyone used such veracity to research the travel habits of people in the Obama administration
If Trump has done anything at all, he's encouraged the media to stop looking the other way when bureaucrats misbehave.
Did they works as hard for the democrats' agenda as they are against Trump? You see that makes them non journalists and the sad thing is I believe you guys have convinced yourselves that's the job you should be doing.
And the @WHCA is on the verge of apologizing to this administration because their feelings might have been hurt. Care to comment on that?
Find out how many opiods Price & & practice prescribed? How many addicts did his practice create. This is a subject no one is touching, Why? The biggest pill mills Ortho practices. Dig deep into this, which is a real problem them being thieves seems to be fine with the R's
yet you covered up the abuse by Tom Brokaw and tried to make women suicidal at your dinner you people are women hating filth
Media is evil
MW: The Emperor has no clothes.  WHCA: The Emperor has the best clothes. Many people are saying this.  His clothes are tremendous, that I can tell you.  And everybody knows it.  @WHCA @michelleisawolf #WHCA #WHCD
see http://SarahSandersLies.com   #WHCA #WHCD
Oh my gosh!  Forget the military’s true heroic bravery and emphasize the so-called sacrifices of these two hack leftist operatives!?  It’s like a wasted, meaningless Nobel for Obama!
wherefore brave journalism, cowards
I'm not a member, though many of my colleagues are, but this saddens me. It's collaborating with a dangerous regime. It's shocking. https://twitter.com/whca/status/990773612226412545 …
Lolol! Pssst the Awan family was allowed by democrats to steal classified info off their computers to give to Pakistan. But you do you.

#draintheswamp
Why?
Cool. Does that make it easier to go down on Trump?

Thanks! Nice to put the faces to the breaking stories
