What a joke. Only when it isn’t offensive to the left. 
Stelter Of CNN started a campaign to get the government to block Sinclair, MSM is all about Free Speech? What a bunch of crap!!!
celebrating #fakenews
Celebrating the First while bashing the Second. No bias or agenda here. Move along.
My God, these people really think a lot of themselves.
What a joke!
That's some hilarious spin.  A mutual back-slapping fest is intended to "celebrate the First Amendment".  Even Brian Stelter calls it "celebrating ourselves", but I guess he didn't get the memo in time.  Where's all that respect for the other Amendments?
I wish everyone could've remembered this at the END of the night...
And then you showed who you are really are by telling someone who lived up to that slogan that they didn't do it the way you wanted them to do it.
Funny. These juvenile obscenities descend like crazed, bloodthirsty harpies upon any word of critique or question of their insanity, but when they want to justify publicly spoken & promulgated, hate-filled depravity, they hoist up ol' 1A.
I think you mean "journalism"........
Thanks for, once again, proving Trump correct!
Time to rebrand.
This event is a disgrace.
No journalism was involved in the making of this banner.
May I just say Thank You to all the professional journalists that have worked so hard to keep us informed during this dangerous time in our history.
Mentally ill people like you are one reason we don't have real news anymore.
So the First Amendment was ratified 226 years ago, and you're just getting around to celebrating it?
Any "reporters" going to be apologizing to Admiral Jackson?
Why would they do that?
For pushing unsubstantiated accusations. You know, doing the opposite of what reporters are supposed to do.
The story was that accusations were swirling in Congress amongst those who would confirm or deny Jackson's appt. That IS news. The next question from everyone would be "what are the accusations?" Which were surfaced and reported. The news media did it's job. Now, I have...
It's wrong what they did, all of them. Other news outlets chose not to report it because they couldn't confirm it. Which is how it should be.
Lemme guess- Fox News and OAN? 
No axios actually
You said outlet*s*, which other?

Regardless, that's nice for them. It is still objectively an important story that the allegations were circulating and then what they were.

But still, what other outlets?
on the 1st Amendment.... again.
If you truly celebrate the 1st amendment then why did you apologize for a comedian’s jokes? It’s a roast and that’s what she did without any lies. #1A everyone misconstruing it directly attacks free speech and thought.
Glad those WHCs still support "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Bless y'all.
First things first. Before the tables are even set up for tonight’s #WHCA dinner, the First Amendment banner is up. #journalism. 

I think celebrating is fine, but more journalists have to actually fight for it.

To be honest, most of the high profile journalists don’t seem to be doing much to safe guard the 1st amendment
Like propagandists all over the world, they concern themselves only with their own freedoms, not those of people who disagree with them.
except when it calls you out, right?
liars gonna lie and haters gonna hate.
and DJT is gonna ride this publicity for all it's worth.
shame on you for your capitulation.
Assignment to all left slanted journalists: Go back and study the values of those who wrote the First Amendment and write a report on exactly what the intent was. 

(Hint: if your leftist agendas don't fit that doesn't give you the right to defame and slander God fearing people)
The unabashed partisanship of so many journalist is destroying the First Amendment.
How about celebrating the 2nd Amendment, cause without that one, there will be no others.
Too bad you don’t honor it. https://twitter.com/cellinoatt/status/990558042411487232?s=21 …
"journalism"
So, did you guys talk about how the freedom to assemble is under attack in BKNY by fascist government? Stand up for freedom of religion? Call out colleges for spiking conservative free speech? No? Oh, it was just the usual circle jerk of hating America wasn't it?
If only the press spent more time telling the truth and less time bashing my president it would be be great
The press is free.  It would be nice if it was fair.  It is not.  It is simply a political arm of the left.
I laughed when I heard @JessicaTarlov on @FoxNews say that @realDonaldTrump should go to #WHCD because it would create goodwill between Trump and media. After watching a few clips from the event Trump once again made the right choice. Liberals don't know how to be funny just mean
Congratulations!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
#FakeNewsProm
No one is watching

#FakeNewsProm
Unless you’re a conservative or Christian or a Trump supporter.
More important now than ever.
Sanctimony!!
show for the Liberal Cover Up Corrupt Criminal Media #FakeNewsProm
Was Sean Hannity invited or do they only allow accredited journalists?
"by transcribing the administration's lies"
You realize aggressive criticism of the media isn't a threat to the 1st amendment; it's what the 1st amendment protects. Right? Also, to frame your loss of public trust as a threat to the constitution - rather than chickens coming home to roost - makes people dislike you more.
hopefully, they honor 45 with the salute ...
How sweet it is....the only thing FAKE is 45.... he has tried to run America like his corrupt businesses.... sad that his supporters are that blind and allow him to continue to be a dictator wanna be ...
How anyone can quote Breitbart with a straight face is beyond me. 
No credibility...try again.
Comey himself admitted no two page synopsis. Brett Baier asked specifically and cited cnn article. Comey denied giving and pages to Trump  WHCA awards them for fake news and wrong facts in news story 
Wow WHCA is awarding Jake tapper and others for the jan2017 story. That has numerous false facts that Comey has verified “2 page synopsis presented to trump” and many other now proven false reporting by comeys Brett Baier interview. WHCA is not  credible many fake facts inarticle
“These senior intelligence officials also included the synopsis to demonstrate that Russia had compiled information potentially harmful to both political parties, but only released information damaging to Hillary Clinton and Democrats.”
This is factually wrong &tapper gets award
Jake Tapper @jaketapper set to win white House Correspondents’ Association award tonight for Best #FakeNews of 2017 @whca Dinner!

The #TrumpRussiaGate story is still the best Fake News story out there since @CNN started it over a year ago! Great job!
On #aprilfoolsday pick which story best represents #FakeNews? 
#ObamaGate Wiretapping 
#TrumpRussia
#UraniumOne #ClintonFraud…
What a joke. You people are sick.
Well that's ironic considering how hard you work to silence conservative news outlets. 
Not to mention the #FakeNews you spin on a daily basis to fit the narrative you're all trying to spin.
#JournalismIsDead
@realDonaldTrump
#WWG1WGA
WILL  #FakePresident Wannabe @HillaryClinton Be The “Queen” Of Th#FakeNews #WHCA #Leakers & #NerdProm! #Huma-iliating Loser Can’t Stop #WhatHappening! 
#USA Watches Trump #Michigan #KAG Rally!
The 1st ammendment is the only thing that allows media to practice slander and defamation without fear of law and prosecution. It was Edward r. Murrow's greatest fear that media would operate without honor and become political tools. And it has... damn shame.
This whole event is a joke .. jake tapper still receiving award for dossier story 
Clapper leaked the dossier to @cnn and Jake Tapper and you guys rewarded him with a gig.
So basically they paid him for the #FusionGPS dossier. Maybe @jaketapper should be testifying for the #MuellerWitchHunt grand jury? Oh wait, they haven't even interviewed the Russian lawyer or Julian Assange. What are they investigating again?
Obviously the first amendment is strong .. they just ran 24/7 about allegations around Jackson without proof
Celebrating fake and biased news
So you guys are gonna be talking about James Clapper leaking and pushing the Dossier briefing story to @cnn and @jaketapper, right?
Maybe if your messiah would stop spawning a new (would-be) Presidency ending scandal every 12 hours for just one day, just ONE day, they might have time. Don't worry though, Fox could run it instead of their usual "MSM reacts" segements they run instead of the actual story.
Did Trump spawn the dossier talk? Seems to me that was spawned by CNN and the Obama administration holdovers. 

Keep up and don’t change the topic
The only folks spawning anything arebthe constant hitjobs and fake scandals manufactured by the MSM
If only that were true.
A lovely pic, in which the first amendment appears to be sliding off a cliff.
Look so amateurish...  
America is a horrible B-Movie now...
Isn’t this what’s called a circle jerk?
Should put the the definition of Journalistic Integrity below the First Amendment banner. People could use a refresher on it.
Free and fair press, just takes good will. #journalism
#journalism is dead. Pat yourself on the back.
Much of the Press IS corrupt AND (of course) they DO have a #1A right to be corrupt. 
I left the Democrat party PRECISELY because I noticed the #DemMediaCollusion as I watched the Clarence Thomas confirmation hearings. The collusion sickened me (even though I detested GHW Bush)
Enjoy your circle jerk.

I'll be watching the @POTUS in Michigan.
