Your mission should be to REPORT facts about what has happened. You know, like who, what, when, where, why and how? Reporting can't be speculating about the future. US Justice Dept ensures free speech. All y'all are a bunch of
I DO NOT agree! Michelle's jokes were VERY FUNNY and not undeserved!! I thought the whole point was to celebrate the 4th estate and the 1st amendment with humor and now you want to to censor the comedians jokes? - Sara Sanders LIES and she and everyone else needs to hear that.
THEY HAVE TRAMPLED THE SHIT OUT OF THE 1ST AMENDMENT! WAKE THE F UP!
Talev is an aunt lydia, an aunt coulter...spineless. throwing Wolf under the bus to ass kiss an admin trying to silence and destroy the free press
You owe Sarah Sanders an apology. That was disgusting. What the hell is wrong with you people. Vicious, dim-witted and smug without a trace of humor -- is that the image the WHCA wanted?
YOU PEOPLE ARE FRAUDS !F YOUR WEBSITE
Will you be posting your apology to Michelle Wolf there?  Your daily reminder.
Make sure the White(only) House ok's all material first.  WHCA = self serving cowards.
@whca wow, way to throw the comedian that YOU hired under the bus!!! So cowardly!
Don't invite politicians to this dinner. It's too snuggly with those you are supposed to be reporting on. You can't be chummy with those people who need their collective feet held to the fire.
There is a difference between a roast and vicious attacks. If this is your attempt at humor you missed the mark. A giant televised apology to Sarah Sanders should be your first order of business Monday morning. Your liberal intolerance of others is showing.
hey Sandy, hi and...
Hey Predator-in-Chief panderers, nobody sentient gives a damn.

Stephen Colbert has the final word on the Michelle Wolf's WHCD speech—and it's blistering for the media, Trump administration https://mojo.ly/2rc2K0V  
Get a spine. Wolf did a great job.
Refreshing to hear a public speaker who did not lie every time she opened her mouth. Any journalist not liking what she said shows objectivity and truth wandering away. This WH's effect on civility will be all that is remembered, unless they can start WWIII with someone.
  
Re: Michelle Wolf
I wonder if the world looks different to the WHCA when rolled over on their backs with their soft underbelly exposed... Of course, that position is what got them into THIS position in the first place. Neville Chamberlain would be pleased.
they rolled over and submissively pissed all over themselves...anything to please their abusers
WHCA = DNC Propaganda Unit

Leftist hypocrisy continues and elitist mentality. I trust Trump more than the journalists covering him
"elitist"  your russian potus shits in a gold toilet
Michelle Wolf is a terrible comedian, flat jokes, no humor, and this voice!
You people owe @PressSec Sarah Sanders a big apology.  You don't invite a guest to an event, then intentionally humiliate them on live television.  That was vile and offensive.  Shame on you.
Quote the words that were vile and offensive.
coward
Lose a hundred pounds @Margarerttalev you will live a healthier life! Do spin cycle & burn that fat! Try nutrisystem & use it as a way to say you are sorry for hiring @michelleisawolf #KARMA

.@nprfreshair interview with @michelleisawolf: https://www.npr.org/about-npr/607099827/fresh-air-interview-with-michelle-wolf … 
Your mission is sucking up to Trump at the expense of truth and dignity. God forbid you do your damn job and hold this administration accountable.
How about sticking to your mission: The White House Correspondents' Association represents the White House  press corps in its dealings with the administration on coverage-related  issues. Your "Dinner" was to put it bluntly crap. And it has been crap for many, many years.
Margaret you are a two-faced woosssss! Did you not do your due diligence when you hired #MichelleWolff? Jesus!
Currently you have no mission only a bunch of fools asking stupid questions and trying to sell your own agenda. The briefings should be cancelled until every network replaces their uneducated reporters starting with Jim Acosta from CNN
Your mission became abundantly clear with your letter of surrender, your apology for upsetting Mr Trump and his elite friends. Fck all y'all
Results of the  2018 WH correspondents dinner that left all the behinds of the WHCs in their seats.  Any surprise polls show Americas news organizations are the bottom feeders with respect to the American public in terms of trying to get fair, balanced, and transparent reporting.
Michelle Wolf was speaking the truth!
This is like watching free speech die in slow motion.
I just heard that vomit inducing speech from Margaret comparing you to actual journalists who are imprisoned for trying to tell the TRUTH...meanwhile you clowns sip cocktails by and act like political activists, ppl don’t trust you bc of YOU!
Watched the dinner last night.  Wolf’s hateful partisan tirade convinced me of something I have long suspected:  the WH Press Corps and CNN are but the propaganda arm of the DNC.

You soiled your own nest last night,  Congratulations.
This very liberal guy found the WHC Dinner comedy segment nasty and disgusting. There is a place for that kind of blue humor, and the WHC Dinner is not that place. Expect better next year.
Totally agree except for the next year part.
They go low so we go lower should be both CNN’s and the WH Press corps new slogan.
What does CNN have to do with this?
Except when it is a comedian actually telling the truth about this administration and the people in the administration in a humorous way. You people have sold your soul just to have "access" to the president (intentionally lower case).
Your mission: Sell out to authoritarians by covering them in ways that please them, despite the fact they want to throw you in jail anyway.
what the comic did last night was like smearing shit on the tables, walls, marble floor, wine glass, plates, utensils, food, champagne, basically every inch of the event location
If by "shit" you mean "truth".
So how's the russian collusion investigation coming along?? :))) So much for truth
19 indictments or guilty pleas? Pretty well.
Michelle Wolfe did a GREAT job calling out lies and pigs. the fact you can't stand by her shows YOUR dereliction of duty and why you have no business being a part of the 4th Estate. Stop being sniveling sycophants and show some journey balls.
She tore down female icons in the administration with personal attacks.  If that were Democrat women, she'd have already been issuing an apology.  

#doublestandard

so i couldn't help but notice you haven't posted @michelleisawolf enlightened performance anywhere easily accessible..what a bunch of hypocrites!  your website proclaim access to everything.
Your job is not to unify the country. Your job is to tell the truth. Do your job, please.
shame on you for inviting that hateful woman!
If your mission was to publicly humiliate women who play a pivotal role in the Trump Administration, you accomplished that.
You owe people apologies. I was all for free and established press but this is taking it a little too far for the ratings. This will only feed into the narrative of your opposition demographic and further disconnect with people that would listen to media.
If the current presidential admin is stocked with liars, it's the press' responsibility to call them out. You chose to do the exact opposite. Shame on you. #NoSympathyForSarah #FakeNews #JournalismIsDead
I’m sorry for maybe the crass or crude or elementary analogy… Imagine a teacher who doesn’t want to teach and who only wants to punish. Someone who Gives you an F on every paper and disputes facts that she herself spoke. . And then were supposed to go celebrate this teacher? No.
Your mission failed by having a dumb wit comedian @michelleisawolf degrade a woman journalist @PressSec making our country more divided!
#Losers
Time to pull the plug on this so-called fund raising dinner. How could anyone have stomached the food or the cheap entertainment .
Your organization is nothing but sick!  I hope you loose your job because you are tasteless!
You people are sick. @margarettalev the display at your self adulation dinner was discussing, and the #Deplorables are pissed!
Quote the words that were hateful.
Are those the words from the speech that you are quoting?

It better be covered with apologies to @PressSec
@PressSec put herself in that spotlight. 
She doesn't need you demanding apologies for her.
She's a horrid woman who lies on a regular basis for a terrible president. She knows what she's doing.
Please provide a link to any lies @PressSec issued. With verified neutral parties. If you can't that makes you the liar.
Here is SHS gaslighting us about why it was OK for Trump to tweet about a woman's facelift. But please go on about how a comedian owes her an apology. 

Y'all are hypocrites to the max.
I'm so glad you tweeted that because now I feel like I've learned so much. It's just incredible how intelligent you are. When I grow up I want to be just like you. Shallow insipid and most of all vapid
So no rebuttal on the merits, just more insults and dumb memes. Got it.
I found out a long time ago you can't speak rationally to a lunatic. And you've already exhibited every trade of a Prozac Chomper
Apparently your mission is to be sycophantic toadies to the White House - good, Mission Accomplished... now disappear.
Really “don’t knock it till you try it and if you try it you really have to knock it hard and get that baby out of there” truly disturbing take away from your gala- whether you are for or against abortion it is not joke material and this was beyond sickening- that’s your dinner
Live...unless the administration tells use not to, in which case we'll issue an apology
What more do we need to learn after you've shown that all you do is lick the boots of those in power?
The first amendment protections are there for a reason. The founding fathers recognized the need for the press to serve as a strong and independent check on governmental malfeasance. Kowtowing to feigned outrage hardly serves that purpose. Do better.
Except that press DOES NOT REPORT ON REAL NEWS! JUST PROPAGANDA ON A SINGLE THEME AT A TIME...PORNO STORMY, RUSSIA RUSSIA...NO REPORTING ON ECONOMY, NK, IRAN, DECIMATION OF ISIS, NO REPORTING ON CRIMES BY ILLEGALS, MS13 GANGS, JOBS, MANUFACTURING, & ON & ON!
Have you ran it past Dear Leader yet?  You wouldn't want him to be offended by anything, right?
Where was the laughter coming from.... ??  The press.
It was the press that helped elect this incompetent, racist monster in to the WH. The vile things he as said about so many people. Still there are journalists who are scared to call these hatemongers and liars on their bullshit. MW told the truth. She did a great job.
@mitchellreports @kathygriffin @SethMacFarlane @sethmeyers @jimmykimmel @janemarielynch @michelleisawolf The reason why people don’t trust the press: You give #fakenews it’s credence. Double standard when you have said worse. Totally missed that Flint MI still has poisoned water!
Freedom of Speech and freedom of the press is clearly NOT! SHAME SHAME SHAME on “journalist” who claim to be open...you are losing millennials, & us Xer’s too. This sets you square in with TRUMP! He makes news, you make ratings and sell books! #MichelleWolf  was spot on!
Really disappointed with @mitchellreports, seriously let down. But then again, you are part of the machine, so I should not have been surprised...what will a journalist give in exchange for their soul! RATINGS!
You embarrass accuracy, and emboldened hypocrisy
You don’t need a new website.  Margaret Talev needs a spine.
Yuck!  You have no mission that has any integrity.  Just go away!
Does it just say "Whine and be dishonest about people speaking the truth" or is that the subtitle?
You should rename yourselves. 
8 real journalists were killed in Kabul today and you are spitting about a comedian who did what she was asked to do...a ROAST. She did not attack SH looks.
American journalism has fallen to #Goebbels You are a stain on Journalism.
Shame on you! Michelle Wolf TOLD THE TRUTH! She roasted the politicians as she is supposed to do as a COMEDIAN! DEFEND her right to free speech like YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO DO!
Your ham handed scrambling is revealing of your mindset and approach to relationships with the WH; unmasked masterfully by @michelleisawolf. Aren't you guys supposed to stand up for the truth and free speech? You have no spine and your organization has outlived its purpose.
Delete your account.

I can’t believe Michelle Wolf called Sarah Sanders a dog...

Oh wait that was Rush Limbaugh on 12 year old Chelsea Clinton..…

Australian cartoonist @firstdogonmoon tells an uncomfortable truth about the US news media-->  A comedian is being held to higher standards than the President! https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/apr/30/a-comedian-is-being-held-to-higher-standards-than-the-president?CMP=share_btn_tw …

I think the American news media needs a reminder: 

I attended the WHCD last night. Donald Trump has so poisoned the atmosphere by attacking the disabled, gold star parents, Muslims, Mexicans, Blacks, women, the press, the rule of law that a comedian who simply tells the truth is offensive? She’s joking. He’s not.


Here’s a nice pic for your site.
You are cowards. You would have rolled over when Hitler marched into power. I think about journalists who ran into wars and battles to report the truth, many of whom died. You disgrace their names and calling.
Might as well delete this if you're not going to stand up for free speech and encourage honest journalism.
I block organizations and accounts that coordinate with Republicans to disseminate conservative propaganda. So I will be blocking this one soon. Just one less path for your GOP talking points to reach my ears.
I am thoroughly disgusted by your apology over Michelle Wolfs roast of SHS. For God’s sake, YOU ARE JOURNALISTS! Get the facts right! Michelle did not criticize SHS’s looks. She said FACTS not FAT. You must have heard fat be cause that’s what you think. We NEED the truth not lies
Cowards!
@whca your press release is nothing short of cowardice. After you call out the @realDonaldTrump, @PressSec and @KellyannePolls on their lies and/or hateful tweets, then you can feel free to throw @michelleisawolf under the bus. SHAME. ON. YOU.
Michelle did a great job!  Bingo!!
4th estate amirite
I’m really disappointed the assoc. didn’t back @michelleisawolf The event has been a roast since 2006 w/Colbert. DT had his own roast w/ @ComedyCentral & @SnoopDogg DT hasn’t done 1 since. If you have a problem w/ it, it’s DT & admin they normalized p***y grabbing & porn stars.


weak and spineless. By any objective measure she was in the tone and spirit of previous dinners. More than that she was funny. It's ironic the party that rails against "pc culture" is the first to cry foul when someone isn't pc to them. And reporters capitulate and apologize.
this is really a parody account  amirite?
You press release attacking @michelleisawolf is shameful.
kowtowing to @realDonaldTrump @PressSec is a little bit disgusting. Not your job to unite people when the WH is doing its best to divide everyone for the benefit of the elites, unless you are now an elite and have another agenda
Your "mission" should be to call out all the lies Sarah Sanders and people like her stand up and tell the American people. It's journalists who should be walking out on the joke that is masquerading as a press briefing.
Mission:  Bend the knee.
You are assisting the far right’s spread of lies and propaganda; agreeing to accept fake reality that things never said were said; and rolling over to proudly become a state propaganda organization rather than stand for truth.
I hear that you, sadly apologize for the jokes of Michelle. Michelle did what the press should have done long overdue job, she jumped into the arena knowing that she might get down bruised(which she did,by the press)and called everyone by their colors and not far from truth.
@margarettalev owes Michelle Wolf an apology
Your mission appears to be to suck up to the so-called president, his corrupt cabinet and lying Press Secretary, and to sit obediently in a room each morning to be berated and to receive a list of lies manufactured by a fascist regime.
In one night your org has ensured Liberals lose candidate support this upcoming election esp with women. I don't agree with all @realDonaldTrump says but 2 treat a human the way #WHCD18 @SarahHuckabee goes against everything we stand for as Americans. You lost this resistance WAR
Great, hopefully she can make your org better again. What @michelleisawolf said at that #WHCDinner was a national disgrace. No other country press behaves that way. This was a Trump admin set-up. Hillary lost & the press are still whining about it. You should reflect on this...
margaret is a coward, has no personality, and has no business being in charge. anyone who has a problem with an incredibly funny set like Michelle Wolf's has no business pretending to defend the 1st Amendment. margaret is useless to society, and needs to resign immediately.
Your mission is clear "party on!". You raised $100k for scholarships this weekend. Despite all those millionaires sitting in the room. Your host was embarrassing.  Do not act like you were not aware of her intentions.  You hired her!! 
You are destroying the free press idea
What a shameful disaster. As a citizen, I am revolted by the #WHCA and its filthy dinner program #unprofessional
Disgusting on how you cave so easily.  You have no credibility.   None!  Sarah and trump lie daily.  Journalism is dead.  I guess trump wins and we the people lose.  You are all fake news.
This dinner has lost it's way, no honor to free press when you tolerate a sleaze comedian to deliver reprehebsible comments that are suspect even in sleazy comedy clubs and strip clubs.
Congratulations. You've now given the 45 administration the ammunition they've been looking for...to diminish the role and integrity of the free press, which you've acknowledged with this statement...that journalism is not worthy of trust nor is it in search of truths any longer.
I do not believe it is the presses responsibility to unify anything. It's there to find facts, inform citizens, encourage honest dialog and debate while supporting truth. You just proved as a leader that you have a personal agenda that is not in the public interests. Screw you.
Disband your organization, you're nothing more than access merchants and stenographers for liars. Whatever it is you're doing - as an organization, and many of your individual members - it ain't actual journalism.
Thank you for validating the concerns most of the country have with the media. Your choice of comedian speaks volumes about our press.  Pathetic bunch, you all are.
Nobody cares about your dumb website. Focus on reporting. And yes, that includes reporting when the administration is lying. Lies must be challenged.
@margarettalev you are wrong...the mission is not to unite...it’s to report the facts and tell the #truth, however uncomfortable that may be.
Media has been under fire by this administration. Trump has created a movement that demonizes the press. Your unwillingness to promote truth and stand up against the lies and propaganda of the administration does not bode well for the future of the profession.
Who cares.  Mean and nasty and bullying.  Journalists are dead.  Fake news and waste of time.  We could have robots do a better job.



Cowards
@GovMikeHuckabee
QUESTION: DOES TAX MONEY PAY FOR YOUR ANNUAL DINNER?? poor choice for a speaker at this event
I would like to know when I can expect a formal apology from WHCA for your repeated stunning lack of judgement? @DelegateMurphy https://tinyurl.com/ych5ajfl 
You're a fking farce. Dissolve already if you can't take the heat.
that is why people are loosing respect for you all she was right you only want to make money like everyone else so don't mind the lies. SHAME
There is no legitimate reason for journalist to socialize with the people in power they cover.
Access Journalism is not real journalism. Your organization is a fraud.
Did you care when they socialized w/Barack Hussein Obama&Hillary Clinton?Even met with Clinton campaign to see how they (the so-called press)could help her campaign? 
Did you forget how the so called unbiased "journalists" CRIED& SCREAMED ON AIR LIVE AS HILLARY LOST THE ELECTION?
It doesn't matter who is in power, There is no legitimate reason for journalist to socialize with the people in power they cover. It reeks of access journalism. 

If you bothered to actually read my post, I never mentioned party because it's  irrelevant.
WHCA is nothing but a group of spineless panderers looking for access.
THIS disgusting, disgraceful administration? A vile trolling, bullying president? A press sec who does indeed LIE everyday, just because someone said she had perfectly applied eye makeup? What the hell are you thinking?
You mean your mission of trashing a comedienne for doing what you hired her to do? Or your mission of pretending Trump is normal?
This is just unreal. How could you do this? I personally didn't love the entire comedy routine, but do I really need to explain that it was the VERY expression you were there to celebrate? This is weak and pathetic and for what? For whom? [...]
I listened to 8 yrs of your crappy servile, obsequious Obama BS.

Not one hard hitting Joke.

So don't talk abt speaking truth to power..
I have lost all respect for the press. You don't  care about this country. What is astounding though is that I'm sure some of you have children.  Why don't you care?
Disgusting show last night and it shouldn’t be paid for again!
Seems your mission is to divide people and bash conservatives. Disgraceful
Are you kidding? All they've done since Saturday night is kiss conservative ass. We are completely disgusted with them that they would even sit in the same room as that lying POS Sarah fucking Sanders. But we shouldn't be surprised, they made trump possible in the first place.
WHCA now supports attacks on women by women, and has removed all boundaries of deciency.  Several news outlets not only say it was free speech, but applaude the content. Time for the FCC to pull the WHCA from the air next year on decency grounds.
I think the WHCA has cowtowed to this National Embarrassment Administration by not supporting the comedienne THEY SHOULD HAVE VETTED!!--- Like the Pres. wants all  glory and none of the responsibility.  VERY CHICKEN, TALEV!!!
I got on your website. There was a lot of sitting still while the webmaster presented lies as truth, and then phony outrage when another website called it out for being useless. I give it a thumbs down.
Your organization is the skid-mark on the underpants of society. shame on you!
BOOOOOO TO YOUR WHOLE GROUP
That statement you released is totally detrimental and wreckless.  Fear of a lying WH press Sec is no reason to flip on the 1st amendment.  You’re now as bad as Blotus.
Do not play the 1st amendment card. They did not invite a white supremacist to host the event did they. They knew what she would say and fully supported it. Their weak statement is just classic hypocrisy
Your new website? YOU’RE DONE.
Shut your WHCA down. Close the doors.  Vile vulgar rude behavior is not what America needs.
Cowardly, corrupt and complicit
What mission would that be? 
That weekly paycheck feels good doesn't it? Somebody's got to be the lackey, you're surrounded by corruption, no time to be a hero for justice.
what a disgusting depraved display from Wolf and WHCA arranged it. Of what REAL value is your association? Trump is right.

After your last statement about the white House correspondents' dinner, I could care less about you. You should just fill up the pool with Fox and Breitbart reporters now and get it over with.
Your mission the same as DEMONcrats...after this just WHO ARE THE DEPLORABLES. THIS IS ANOTHER DIVIDE ON AMERICA AND TOTAL BLAME IS ON THE LEFT. YOUR HATRED FOR ONE PRESIDENT THAT IN ONE YR IS BETTER THAN THE LAST 30 ONLY TELLS AMERICA .....MAGA.

I encourage everyone to watch the whole @michelleisawolf segment.

Journos didn't appear to see any problem with the routine in real time.…
If you voted for “grab them by the PUY”, zip it about Michelle Wolf
How dare you apologize.
You guys missed the point completely. https://amp.thedailybeast.com/michelle-wolfs-whcd-honesty-is-what-america-needs-right-now?__twitter_impression=true …
And you wonder why a good portion of America doesn't trust the WH correspondents?
If this is suppose to be your best then shut it down.  Extremely hateful act. No excuses acceptable.
The hateful act is currently inhabiting the White House.
You should be kicked out or at least suspended.  Failed attempts at journalism are one thing, but personal attacks on leading women?

#byefelicia
That was a DISGRACE
What a disgusting
Display of ignorance
It wasn't even funny
She bombed
She's a "Filthy" "Nasty"
Women and I use that
Word women loosely.
Gross
Yuk
obviously you use “women” loosely because Michelle is one person and therefore a “woman”
I hope you all never find a comedian for future dinners. Way to throw her under the bus cuz of pressure. Yuck. In fact @realDonaldTrump is right cancel it.
Weak
You want credibility, work for it & "regretting" Wolf only makes your hypocrisy even sharper. If you're so hurt by a comic & the truth, then clean your own house & do your damn job. FLINT STILL HAS NO CLEAN WATER. Camp out in Flint, help those people instead of 24/7 Russia junk.
The website may be live but you are all dead. You don't write the truth as much as create a product for sale. You have all lost your spines, lost your way as the Fourth Estate you are worthless! You will not, but SHOULD accept your complicity of the destruction of our Democracy.
Who are you kidding, you knew full well what that vile woman would do at the dinner. All of you propagandists are disgusting vermin whose black hearts were reflected perfectly in her vile monologue. Journalism is dead.
WHCA is a joke
Expected... still aweful
It wasn’t a dinner it was a tailgating party!  Classless affair!
Permitting #HateSpeech #Bigotry #Racists #FakeNewsMedia Zero Credibility cancel all events disgraceful behavior
You're vilifying a comedian for telling some rude but true jokes. Meanwhile Trump skips the dinner again to have what turned out to be pretty much a big racist Klan rally, but that's not offensive?
 Maybe some you got too friendly with WH staff and can't be objective anymore
to late! shove it where the sun don't shine keep fanning the flames and your houses may burn!  America grows restless waiting for the yellow journalism corps to clean up it's act!  tic toc tic toc tic toc............
How did that abortion joke go again?
EMBARRASSING
That entertainer’s monologue was more in the spirit of a free press than the actual mission of the WHCA. @michelleisawolf was brutally truthful abt the administration & the press enabling him to bully the nation. It wasn’t a roast so much as a much needed intervention. #complicit
Shouldn’t defending the First Amendment be part of your mission? Shouldn’t be questioning the powers that be part of your mission? The cowardice from your group is shameful. End the dinner if you just want to flatter, not question.
"ensure robust news coverage of the president and the presidency."

Hand on heart can the @whca say it has delivered during this administration? No need to answer. Distancing yourselves from @michelleisawolf's words is answer enough.

