Even those it is called devotion to duty, these officers were & are very personally connected with Mrs. Bush, both in life & now in death.  Yes, so very powerful....
It's clear the Secret Service truly formed a bond with the Bush family. God Bless both for their service to this nation!
What “with all due respect” truly means.
Thank you for sharing this perspective that we don't often think about. With what seems to be Mrs. Bush's generous and warm nature I bet those Secret Service agents were treated like family. How they must be grieving. What an honor for them.
This is what honor looks like.
Rest peacefully sweet Barbara, you will be missed
GOD BLESS YOU MRS BUSH<<<PRAYING FOR YOU AND ALL YOUR FAMILY,,,,GO WITH GOD,,,,,,,,
At the end of the day, after all the staff, press,straphangers,etc. are gone the Secret Service is always there ever vigilant, doing their job quietly and professionally until the very end.
A POV I'd never thought of before.  Thank you.
Regardless of political affiliation, this is both powerul and moving
God Bless You Mrs. Bush. God Bless The United States Secret Service.
A lesson from a First LADY. RIP and my condolences to @GeorgeHWBush, @TheBushCenter and the entire Bush family.
#BarbaraBush
Rest In Peace, Mrs. Bush. We thank you... 
Rest In Peace, First Lady.
I want to go out talking shit to my kids and a drink in hand RIP Barbara
Thank you for posting.
I'm not a Republican, but I’ve always had great respect for First Lady Barbara Bush. She was a woman who deserved the respect of this country for her commitment to family, country and others. May she Rest In Peace. I am inspired by the bonds the bonds the Bushs & Obamas formed.
I could not agree more. I have respected her for so long. I feel like what we have lost with her is that we can disagree with each other in respectful and heartfelt way. But sometimes when someone so powerful passes it reminds of what we should be doing.
Reminiscent of the Nick Cage movie GUARDING TESS. The final duty, poignant.
Is this a photo of a TV screen? The image quality or lack thereof is quite noticeable and unfortunate.
That's your takeaway? Wow
This was a woman I truly admired and I am a liberal. The dedication of her secret service detail brought me to tears.
Watching the funeral of Barbara Bush, I can’t help but think - what a wonderful representation of all that is good about America. With family, friends, former presidents & the secret service at her side, I also can’t help see the stark contrast to what we have today. #BarbaraBush
This is so very moving. What a marvelous tribute.
The world needs more this!  
Sleep well Tranquility.
Wow 
Beautiful.
RIP, Mrs Bush...prayers...
A most beautiful setting for a most beautiful person.  Peace and Quiet for #MrsBarbara Bush,  may her spirit live thru her children, grands and great grands. #LifeWellLived
Ohhhh that is touching.
What a shame President Trump will not attend the Funeral of Barbara Bush I am guessing he has a Saturday morning Tee Time @POTUS #barbarapiercebush
Obama will not attend Nancy Reagan's funeral on Friday, opting instead to attend a festival ... Michelle Obama, Hillary Clinton and former first lady Rosalynn Carter did; former President .
Thank you for sharing. She was a great and honorable woman.
They loved her because she was so kind. George H.W. & Mrs.Bush would invite them to join them. They also stayed home on holidays like Christmas so as many S.S. agents as possible could be with their families. A different time in politics when Presidents cared!
This is so beautiful!
#respect for that woman. She had class.
She loved and respected the US Secret Service.
Wow!  Now this is called LOYALTY as opposed to the loyalty pledge that DJT asks/calls for.  Amazing, just amazing!!!!!
Men of honor standing guard over a Lady of Honor 

Come to her assistance, All you Saints of God! meet her, you Angels of the Lord. Receive her soul, and present it to the Most High.


to inspire such loyalty and devotion is a true testament to who #BarbaraBush was
This is very moving.
Sending my love to your family 
@JennaBushHager 
⚘
My condolences to the family and her many friends. May she rest in eternal peace. God Bless 
So powerful a statement. Our country at its finest. Such loyalty and devotion to duty. God bless America and RIP Mrs Bush
RIP Mrs Barbara Bush
A first class Lady, RIP Barbara Bush, your grace and integrity will be missed...a very touching photograph...
How touching! RIP Mrs Bush 
That is both beautiful and heartbreaking.
May she Rest In Peace. Like our Democracy and the Republican Party. Can’t wait to see all the cowards and traitors slither out from under their rocks. @SenateMajLdr @HouseGOP at least @realDonaldTrump won’t be there. He’s not fit to sweep their floors. 1/2
Let alone understand the love of country and a love story that lasted a lifetime. May @GeorgeHWBush find comfort in knowing she was loved by our nation.
Love, Respect, Honor
Jeb is his mother's son. My eternal moment w/ Jeb happened in IA City, when I presented him Jeb a personalized yarmulke.  He signed another 1 for me.  I hope showed the prayer to his Mom: Muslims,Christians & Jews weeding out hate at parks throughout USA. It's Shabbos in America!
Why?  Concerned someone is going to steal the body?  

Although, when you think of it, kinda' makes sense.

It's been done successfully once, so maybe they're just trying to prevent a new religion from popping up.
And our classless president (small "p" intentional), will not attend... Actually a good thing.
It is not uncommon for presidents to miss the funeral of a former first lady.The last time a sitting president attended a former first lady's funeral was in 1962, when then-President John F. Kennedy attended services for Eleanor Roosevelt.
Obama will not attend Nancy Reagan's funeral on Friday, opting instead to attend a festival ... Michelle Obama, Hillary Clinton and former first lady Rosalynn Carter did; former President .
I'm sure The Illegal is to busy with other plans, too...
They were so respectful to all. As I passed her casket, I never noticed them. They loved her too!!
Thanks Kelly o for the Beltway b*******
Would an Impeached President retain a security detail?
We lost a treasure R.I.P. 
Thank you!
Actually those two agents will be buried with the former first lady. Godspeed you guys.
Got the whole picture. Melania is stuck alone between the normal past presidents/wives because her cheating idiot criminal husband isn't wanted at the funeral.
Ponder this: we’ve a President so detested he cannot attend a Stste funeral or visit the scene of a high school shooting. This is our President!
It is powerful.
@realDonaldTrump told member at Mar-a-Lago his golf game was more important than a drunk old ladies funeral , plus who want to see those loses in the Bush family? 

@kasie @KatyTurNBC @HallieJackson @maddow @joenbc @chucktodd @HardballChris @BraddJaffy @rebeccagberg
Classy
So classy & tolerant of you
SCREW ALL YALL CAVE DRVILS!!
Keep making my point. Such much ignorance.
I was not a fan but class is class may she rest in peace and her family know she will not suffer any more. Goodbye Mrs Bush a safe journey.
Professionals do their jobs. Until the jobs end. Simple.
I love the respect that @SecretService is showing #Tranquility. #RIP
RESPECT!
The Silver Fox.
yet our own President @realDonaldTrump just can't give up his golf game to honor and pay respect to an honorable women who has served this great country. trump should be ashamed.
Wow that is amazing.

Beautiful!!
RIP Mrs. Bush!

Makes my heart full
Honor and loyalty to "Tranquility" #BarbaraBush #FirstLady
#Respect 
#Honor
Never held a job! entitled
This is a HUGE expenditure for taxpayers - the protection given to former elected officials and their families just isn't right
Sweet.
Mrs. Bush loved the Secret Service and treated them with kindness and respect.
A beautiful courageous woman.
That is just so sweet.
Thank you for sharing. Needed that after all the hooker talk lately
much love, honor and respect !!
Rest in eternal peace Mrs Bush...
Do you know if it’s been the same members or do they rotate people out?
I’ve heard that details that were close to the family, continued on after they left office. Like family.
cuz cocaine bags hidden in casket 
Rest In Peace
Nice way to spend tax payer money  On guarding dead people :)
Yep while @realDonaldTrump plays golf! What a disgrace!
Guarding Miss Daisy.
Thx Kelly.
Nice
this made me instantly cry

Wow 

Keep an eye out for this guy. He'll try to piss in the casket.
Thanks for your amazing reports. Hope you don't mind the Harvey repairs and condo construction. Otherwise #Houston is an amazing city, and #BarbaraBush crystalized that for a generation.

Total respect. Makes my heart full.
All while Trump plays golf. Truly shameful.
Respect perhaps WOW 

Lol dorks
Sounds like a basis for a movie script-where do they go next? Protect another former or present President and/or family?
