He literally just fired a chaplain for criticizing the Donor Relief Ac...I mean the Tax Reform bill. Why are you gaslighting us??
The difference is YOU are not the arbiter of said "right and wrong". That is for US to ascertain. Your job is to report facts. When you conflate the two you are no longer the press but a propaganda outlet.
Thanks for being a BITCH!!!!
Please tell me this is snark.
Are you joking???
Empty words... shamefully, he doesn't practice what he preaches.  If he DID, he'd strongly condemn "So-Called President" @realDonaldTrump's attacks on our free press.
Does he support fact based free speech ?
Are you high?
You're embarrassing
Weird since he lies constantly, but I guess decorum is more important that truth to y'all.
The pandering and genuflecting to this GOP has to stop. Who among you apologized to Obama for Trump & his racists calling @POTUS44 illegitimate? This govt is destroying the press, our laws, our environment, our nation. Stop. Bowing @margarettalev
I've been reading your timeline and you have obsequious praise to Republicans who right now are trying to destroy it the Free Press. Are they paying you? Do you have a deal with Russia? Do you not care about the Free Press anymore? Don't get you.
WHCA,  is a joke. Bloomberg should apologize for your non journalistic conduct. You are no looker compared to the women  in the press Corp. Wolf should have made fun of you.
Omfg?! You are a hack journalist for tweeting such nonsense. Quit your job and become a lobbyist or do PR for some corrupt hack.
With your family's experience with communism you should have some sort of understanding how deceit is a pilier of communism.

That same deceit seems to have infiltrated journalism for metastasizing loss of goodwill.

You can't defend the 1st amendment w/deceit.
#freefairpress
He just fired a Chaplin
Seriously? If he is such a strong supporter of the First Amendment he would disavow his Fearless Leader's constant attacks on the free press.
Thanking Ryan - are you daft?
That's funny, a person who apparently is shocked by free speech from a citizen telling the corrupt government what the people think of them, is here thanking a crypto-fascist like Paul Ryan for his "support" of free speech.
Is this a joke? How often has Ryan lied? How often has Ryan taken action to destroy key tenets of the US?
You cannot be serious.
Margaret Talev:  
FYI -- An untruthful attack by the press on our President is an attack on the 70 million Americans who support him!
#trump2020 @presssec @parscale @potus @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump
@cnn I didn’t watch WHCD. @margarettalev should’ve vetted Wolf first. 
Did Wolf mock @margarettalev obesity?
Hahaha, you should have done the same instead of caving like a coward.
"STOP DOING SO MUCH WRONG."
Margaret - Paul Ryan described the Chick-fil-A policy of  discriminating against gay people as "Free people exercising their free speech rights.”
God you servile bootlickers
If it's the press that keeps government officials honest, what does Paul Ryan's long career of stunningly brazen lying about his policies tell us? Maybe these words aren't the compliments press lickspittles think them to be.
You and @CNN need to realize that the American people don't give a hoot about the media.  Are you boosting the economy, bringing jobs, fighting ISIS, pursuing peace, denuclearization?

Would be nice if you truthfully REPORTED the "right from wrong." Rather than being told by your LIBERAL CORPORATE MASTERS what IS RIGHT and WRONG. It is not 'journalism" if you are promoting a LIBERAL AGENDA as the TRUTH. It's PROPAGANDA!

And that is you???  CNN???
Lyin' Ryan hypocrite! Sits on his hands and feeds the public disinformation on Tax scam bill.
You cannot be serious. Ryan just fired the House chaplain because he didn’t like the content of one of his prayers and now you’re praising him as a supporter of the 1st amendment?!?
anyone who believes anything the dishonest Irish Undertaker says is a fool.
