White House Correspondents' Association president Margaret Talev: "We reject efforts by anyone, especially our elected leaders, to paint journalism as un-American" 
Trump doesn’t think journalism is Un-American. He thinks dishonest journalism is un-American. 

It’s pretty simple.
The problem is that he classifies as dishonest anything with which he disagrees or which exposes his mistakes or lies. As a man who relies on Fox, he cannot whine about bias.
When they constantly bash POTUS and everything he stands for, they are putting down and mocking everyone that voted for President Trump . They just can’t accept they lost and that we don’t support their abortion filled, borderless world. They need to  Get over it, grow up!!

You just proved Leslie's Point. Thank you.....
Journalism is American, it's a shame we have so little of it from media
Exactly. We have lots of opinion and speculation which diminishes journalism
Real journalism is happening on Twitter and Youtube (the legacy institutions, however, are just in the business of clickbait). And I agree. The army of real journalists out here in the ether are what is great about America.
Cc: @GOP and its donors, e.g., the Mercers, Kochs, Adelson, and corporate lobbyists, etc.
Now if only you guys PRACTICED journalism, you might have a point. You don't. The vast majority of you are 10X more beholden to your leftist agenda than you are the principles of journalism.

I’m a fan of journalism, when it actually happens.
Bot. And fuck off
You value journalism yet a couple tweets above this you go to the mat to protect the WH press secretary from legitimate criticism of the fact that she lies almost daily. It looks a heck of a lot like pandering for access.
Obama’s Press Secretaries lied everyday. See how that works? Depending on what side you are on, what truth you believe. What I know about this Administration is they LOVE AMERICA, Barry Obama HATED our beautiful Country. 
I’ll stick with the Patriots! 
We're talking about Haberman apparently sucking up to SHS in public while eulogizing journalism. Try to stay on topic.
Oooooo, Zoe......I am on topic, AMERICA! 
Isn't it just awful how there's so much traffic on the 405! #americanproblems
Yes, L.A. Sucks for sure.
Congratulations Maggie Haberman on winning your award tonight.  You explain trump to us the best. Most insightful thoughtful incisive. You make it look easy and effortless but I think it’s very difficult. Congratulations!!! 
#FreedomOfThePress
Congratulations for the award you received last night, Maggie!
The award of the S H Sanders best lapdog ?
I have to TY for your rank tweet. I went to your profile & looked at who you follow. I'm gonna give you a pass on your snark because I found two fascinating accounts that sparked my creative juices. So, yeah, uh, thanks. PS Be nice. I want to encourage journalists to do better.;)
Hey fellow fake news reporters!!  aren’t we awesome?! I think we should give each other some awards and bash trump
If you think the correspondents dinner is masturbatory, check out the campaign rallies Trump is still having more than a year after being elected
Campaign events are selling events so of course they are - obama never stopped campaigning- I have never seen such vile and rude jokes - I thought obama joking about killing ppl with drones was bad but damn
Also comparing a joke about eye shadow to the “rude” joke about war crimes is laughable
Sex and making fun of Nazis is not quite on the same level as making light of killing innocent people but to each his own
Well I’m ok with saying obama said worse jokes
Agreed
Did Speaker Ryan just cheered with a Mueller Lite?
The vile hate speech belched by Michelle Wolf, and it's being lapped up by the puddle of vomit called the press, proves the White House Correspondent's Association is nothing but a Joseph Goebbels fan club.
You literally gave CNN an award tonight for reporting fake news. Spare us the sanctimony
Journalism, at its core, isn’t un-American. Journalism doesn’t exist in the major corporate media anymore. The media is the greatest enemy of the American people.
It was a Republican hating event that no Republican should ever attend again & I bet they won't.
It would be nice to have journalism again.
You all panted a very obvious picture of hate, and unprofessionalism. Congratulations on a night full of hate and pious behavior.
And congratulations Maggie!
Using unnamed sources to report unverified stories is un-American.
Journalist reporting news with a political agenda/spin is unamerican. All too common today.
Congrats!!!
He's never tried to paint journalism as un-American, only some journalists. Cut it out with the deceptive semantics.
They should be renamed the national lapdog association.
There are less than 10 trustworthy journalists regardless of how many worthless awards they give each other. Maybe 6.

Hope all is well Maggie. You were missed tonight. Have admired your diligence in getting to the truth. #MuchRespect
Congratulations on exceptional journalism!
Congrats!
If you guys would report news instead of picking sides and fake news we wouldn’t have a problem.
We the people reject the media to not be neutral / fair and accurate. 

We reject biased agenda based media who side with one party over another & openly and admittedly smear a duly elected president with no facts only "sources" 

Wake up MSM. 

You. Have. Made. Your. Own. Bed.
Bot
I glad Trump blew off all the fake news people tonight
Maybe you could stop lying about people all the time Maggie
Uet you praise the person who is doong it.  Hypocrisy
Backtrack much Maggie ?....sorry but u have shown your true colours & everyone now knows you're just another Trump lackey
Sorry. The New York Times is not journalism. Hasn't been since Abe Rosenthal left the scene.
Maggie, if your reporting was perceived to be fair and honest and without "tint", the majority of Americans would agree with you. #tabloidjournalism
Fake News is un-American #WHCD
yellow journalism is as american as apple pie.

it doesn't mean you're a hero or deserve praise or respect for engaging in it.
congrats on your award  good luck with your family
“Turns out the president is the only pussy you can’t grab”

Congratulations on your well deserved award.
Congrats! Maggie!!!
In point of fact modern "journalism" is un-American.
How many stories have you got wrong just so far in 2028?  You are a JOKE.
Get over yourselves
Blah blah blah. Enough already. Whining is counter productive to your cause. When will you get it?
Too many of you write BS, and have little integrity
How is she the President of WHCA?
Well-done, Maggie!!
Go a week without redactments before calling your trade #journalism
Congratulations Ms Haberman, good job on great reporting. Keep up the good work!
Notice how she said journalism not journalists
It's unfortunate that an American president would need this kind of public rebuke.
Congrats on your award!!
Congrats Maggie.
Congratulations!
Journalistm is not un-American but partisan hacks who actually admit their hacks while doing PR for a political party is definitely un-American.
You mean there are still some journalists writing in today’s USA?
Free press and Journalism are, in fact, basic tenets of OUR democracy.  No one will take those rights from us ... EVER!!!
Nicely done!...take that traitor in chief! Are you Listening?
#FreePress = #FreeCountry #ProtectTheFirst #TickTock #KarmaComin
But it's ok for them to paint the President as un-American?.
Meanwhile...
Trump vilifies 'dishonest' press at Michigan rally https://politi.co/2r6dT3p  
Report honestly
Hey Maggie: you're reporting in a neo-Nazi era, when POTUS praises white nationalists. "Impressive" acts belong to POC who are suffering under the regime: they don't belong to retailers of lies who allow the violence to continue.
Drop the pretense....You're mere shills and propagandists and you're trying to destroy our duly elected president. #FakeNews
Stay strong and always on the side of truth!!
journalism isn't un-American.  Paid off journalists are.
Maggie, did you look at the Comments before retweeting this?  Presumably most of the negatives are from Trumpers, who think all MSM is bad, NyT is “propaganda”... this is really sad that a large population (please let it be less than 30%) thinks, essentially, the sky is green.

Thank you for legitimizing a right wing propaganda news outlet by retweeting them.
"As Michelle Wolf showed, the media have a special vitriol for conservative women" https://washex.am/2HGZ6qI  
Well @michelleisawolf didn’t do that.  Guess who does? @realDonaldTrump
give this up, make this the last one
Too little to late, Ms. Talev. You are lording over a sycophantic gaggle of TOADIES who, like you, can dish it out but can't take it.
How have I not blocked you yet?

After your dishonest comments regarding @michelleisawolf, I no longer view you as a credible source of information.

I don't get my news from liars Ms. Haberman, so I have no use for your work.

Kick rocks.
If it is not fair and balanced, it IS un-american!!!!!
THIS SHOW WAS UNAMERICAN BIMBO
I find her self serving statement amusing, with the vitriolic filth that was on full display Saturday night you needn’t worry about Elected Politicians painting you as un-American, all of you seam gleefully ready to paint yourselves that way, you are no longer fair or impartial.

But her smoky eye...
Unity?

Seriously, @whca, did you forget the bullpen Trump put journalists in during his rallies so the crowd could…
An attack on a journalist is an attack on all journalism. An attack on a comedian is an attack on the whole population.
Than report the news. Stop communicating your opinions we want the real news not your hateful jokes your biased opinions. Tell it like it is for a change
This is how a decent person responds to what happened last night.
You may want to try some decency yourself,  Ms. Talev.
Journalism is un-American when you try to degrade others rather than focusing on the facts. We don’t need your opinion. We need the TRUTH. Quit coloring outside the lines!
Tone Deaf.
Meanwhile, journalists' panties are in a bunch because a comedian was rude to Sarah - who, last time I checked, calls them fake news. So whatever
You’re still on this? So defensive.
Why are you enabling those who scream that journalism is un-American?
So much navel gazing by the press
How brave of Sarah Sanders to sit there and listen to that.
First, it's not journalism! It's a Leftist agenda being pushed by "journalists" who are DNC operatives. Second, yes, it is very much anti-American. If you love European socialism so much, move there!
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/human-rights-violations-nicaragua-due-oppression-and-rule-dictatorship-daniel-ortega-and-rosario-murillo …
@whca  You owe the Pres Sec an apology.  Disgusting behavior by adults bulling someone like that.
That was a good speech supporting journalism. I wonder why it didn't get more support in the actual room of journalists....
Michelle Wolf’s comedy routine at the White House Correspondents' Dinner “crossed the line,” “This went from poking fun to being mean-spirited.”
Funny I don't remember a lecture when obama jailed and surveilled journalists ...
Yes the free speech only works for us folks .. you aren't allowed to hold us accountable
How about comedy and criticism? Is that still ok? Or are we still trying to be polite to trump regime liars.
Michelle Wolff delivered a blistering dose of truth syrup in the final minutes.  This one's for you, Maggie:
She did a great job.

Unless we're listening to Maggie Haberman act offended when she didn't actually GET the joke.
That’ll fix it!
Your celebration of the first amendment by showcasing Michelle Wolf was an example of America at its worse, inappropriately disgustingly vulgar!
Why Do three out four Americans say the Media reports "Fake News""? Isn't UnAmerican to Report Fack News?
News that is not reported or spun to support a political agenda to brainwash a nation is un-American!
Maggie & Mar Ann Why is US Media in Last Place in the World!
Real journalism is dead. It is now only personal opinion.
.then you really ought to cover ALL the news, even if it's favorable to Trump. For 40 years, this guy moved in liberal circles. He beats Hillary and becomes the devil. Give me a break.
Yeah, the MSM did that to themselves last night on TV for all to see.
when you walk over the line of fact and investigation to speculation and opinion, you are no longer a journalist & the trade is diminished
Your bias makes you a left wing propaganda machine. You are not journalists.  I’m disgusted and my journalism professors from 1980s would roll over in their graves to see what y’all tout as reporting.  Reporters report with no bias. #whcd
Ironic this is being highlighted by the Examiner.  Two steps up from Drumpf owned Enquirer
@realDonaldTrump doesn’t paint journalism as un-American just journalists that makeup fake news. You know like @CNN
You are a discussing and racist origination, you own who speaks for you!
journalism ?  ha !
https://twitter.com/cellinoatt/status/990558042411487232?s=21 …
Really? You all colluded to overthrow a legal election. Gloves off.
Hypocrites, all.....
GOD BLESS OUR FIRST AMENDMENT N THX TO OUR PROFESSIONAL JOURNALISTS
Trouble is news is no longer news anymore. 
It’s commentary on news received from “sources” that are never validated. Hence the fakeness of the news.
Journalists are too biased and have an agenda.
They journalists now make news rather than report the news..
I’m sure Trump was offended.
Great speech
No ones ever going to miostake you for an american until you go to prison. You know that dont you?
In other words, F CK all of you COWARDLY-A$$ @realDonaldTrump sycophants and supporters. May ALL of you punk-b tches KISS our collective A$$ES! Come back to us IF you ever grow some BALLS!!!!! 
#CNN was the recipient of James Clapper's leaked dossier information. 
- They ran a story where Clapper denies it on January 12th despite knowing the article was a gigantic lie. #CNN is the enemy of truth, much like Pravda was. You people have zero ethics.
its not only unamerican what you spoors are doing...its the  sedition stuppid......
"now listen as we explain our overwhelming hatred for every unwashed citizen of this racist, awful country that lives outside our 1% zip codes.  Did I mention we are the true patriots, and that we despise 87% of this country?"
Kind of odd did anyone remark to obama when he was surveillibg and jailing them ?? Every journalist seemed alright with the surveillance so hopefully trump is doing the same thing .. let's hope
@margarettalev
You aren’t being “painted”; it’s your natural color. You are as unAmerican as an ISIS prostitute, several of whom I expect to see on CNN this week claiming that Trump performed some totally absurd circus stunt in an earlier life. Benedict Arnold was more loyal than you.
This is basically what @michelleisawolf said, just in a much less funny way
Not journalism....”journalists”
Un-American - Columbia Journalism Review 2009
This gracious woman, the students and journalists deserved better than Ms. Wolf.
@morgfair @margarettalev 
@PressSec does but how dare you criticize  her eye shadow
That was brutal!
Amen!
@JamesRosenTV and his parents unavailable for comment.
What if Americans say you are UnAmerican and unfair. Aren’t they the ones you say you are protecting?
Nice remarks on this video. The unleashing of this hatred will haunt this country for a long time.
A piece of paper will lay on the table and let you write anything you want on it. 
A little less trump, a little more news, to all.
Congratulations!!!!
Let me check.......................Yup the shoe fits.
White House Correspondent's Dinner:
Congrats to da “scoop master” on #WHCA award
EXACTLY!
Tribal solidarity. https://twitter.com/cnni/status/990412623052144645 …
Yes!  This.  Wonder what Sanders and Conway were thinking at this moment.
Keep taking Trump's bait.

The media's petulance is exactly what he wants people to see.
Congratulations Maggie!! 
No see it’s not news when it’s anti trump all day every day.... it’s an agenda
Congrats again Maggie! Thank you for keeping us informed!
Democrats as guilty as Republicans -
@maggieNYT  We will not reflect on how our behavior went off the rails for the last two years.  Not ever.
Brava!!! 
It’s not un-American-it’s just sloppy
Amen
Has there ever been real journalism?
<<
I believe preet is shocked to know who had been defending me. Maggs!
Was that Reince in the audience? He shoulda never come back!
Or what, nothing? Yeah.


Your profession making this night about that you think getting criticism from someone using their 1st amendment right as an attack on your 1st amendment rights is what makes America laugh at you. Pres. Obama surveilled, jailed, threatened using the espionage act on journalists.
Insane bot
U snitching on her Maggie?   Oooooo look daddy. This one is a trouble maker.  Me and yashar are watching her. Look elephants
>>
Trump has not called journalism "unAmerican"...  So-called news with made up anonomous sources is another story. Used to be stories were based on verifiable facts with named sources. These days is hanging in a group on twitter and opining the latest story to concoct against Trump
Ist amendment ! Let it ripped , Maggie dear !
Truth always brutal !
You deserve the award ! Totally deserves it , a patriot !
Those efforts are painted by journalists all by themselves.
Seditious language is unAmerican except if you're on the Left. They call it noble resistance. Shes also neglecting to mention everyone in America has rights associated with the 1st Amendment. Challenging the press is fully within anyone rights.
There are journalistic standards set by the associated press. I read an article that had the following grammar on a "prestigious online digital newspaper"

'The suspected person was shot for thinking about police did he commit a crime of arson with gun in hand when polic arriv'ed
Your Press Pass can be revoked and why the fuck is an illegal immigrant practicing law in California?
Might as well just have everyone do whatever the fuck they want you fucking idiots!
Even hardened career criminals are wondering how much dope Gen X did and are crying their little eyes out in their cells asking satan for forgiveness for creating such an utter atrocity of the human race.

I agree. You don't need anyone else to do that.
