your Tweet was quoted in an article by @DailyCaller

Thank you @jgm41, been on my mind this week. God bless Barbara Bush.
I KNOW GEORGE AND THE FAMILY TRULY ADORED BARBARA AND IT IS GOING TO TAKE A TOLL ON GEORGE I PRAY HE MAKES IT THROUGH THIS IF ANYONE. WHO LOVES AND ADORES THEIR  SOULMATE UNDERSTANDS THE HEARTACHE  HE IS ENDURING AND PRAYING HE GETS BETTER  .
@GeorgeWBush__ My sincere prayers for the Bush family and condolences on the passing of a remarkable First Lady. God bless.
True love wins
Love Barbara Bush ... Classy Lady !
Shes been in the background of most of us,our whole  lives.its like loosing a family member. My heart goes out to 41 & the Bush family.this isnt politics,we gotta circle the wagons 4 now.
Very sorry for the families loss. This is a day when we are all Americans and not Republicans or Democrats. Let us unify this country for the good of all Americans with hope, love, peace, and prosperity.
Thanks for posting this. GHWBush is a good a decent man and gave A LOT for his country.
Prayers & Condolences to The Bush Family &  ! Though I'm a , I well remember both George Bushes serving as Presidents, & admired them, I think G H Bush's & Barbara's strong marriage & sense of duty to Family & Country had much to do with it 
Don't make them like they did her anymore. Rip.
great man and GREAT PRESIDENT, by todays standards
What a remarkable couple. Sincere condolences to the entire Bush family on Barbara's passing, especially her cherished husband.
Sending prayers to the Bush family. She was one great lady.
God Bless you all.
Blessings sent. "There is no such thing as loss; ONLY...changes" -unk.Love and comfort sent to this beloved family; beloved, Wonderful woman! God keep you.
Wow, 73 yrs! Rest in peace, Mrs. Bush.
Good night & God Bless 
Condolences for the entire Bush family. Mrs Bush’s death was strong and I believe she is resting with the Lord, no sickness, no pain, but watching over her family from afar yet near. Jesus welcomed her with open and loving arms, rejoice after mourning and be happy for her!
Bless his heart. In fact, they were both blessed to have had a loving marriage of 73 years. 73 years! Amazing, in & of itself. My love & thoughts go out to the Bush family at this time in losing a humble, kind & patriotic FLOTUS, wife, mother, grandmother, & great grandmother.
Please let the President know we love him.  Mrs. Bush was so beloved.   She said she was America's Grandmother, and we feel she was.
Thank you for the update on him. I know he is trying to be strong while inside he is lost. Blessings and prayers to him and his family.
Thank you. He's been in my thoughts all day. Heartfelt condolences to President Bush 41 and his entire family. RIP Mrs. Bush, one of my favorite First Ladies.
Mine, too.
This wonderful man has many people's blessings,support and well wishes. He has been blessed with a large and wonderful family. God bless them and keep them strong.
God bless you sir .you and your family are very much in my thoughts and prayers.
I am sorry to learn that Barbara Bush has passes, abd I cery much wish the entire Bush family comfort abd peace. May hapoy memories of the First Lady sustain and warm the entire Bush family.
Rest in pease our great first lady
Prayers condolences love faith and hope being sent with a MAJOR hug to  41
God bless you and your family,  President Bush. And, thank you for sharing your beautiful wife, Barbara with the world.
God Bless the Amazing Bush Family.. Regardless of what life has thrown at them, they have always been strong, honest, and a class act. Barbara herself was an AMAZING person. She will be miss by so many! RIP  To her surviving family.... You are in our thoughts and prayers!
God bless you dear President . 
Sending heartfelt prayers and condolence to to the entire family,
RIP Mrs Bush 
Just heartbroken for him. Such a tremendous loss to lose your lifelong companion. She was truly unique.
My prayers and condolences are with you and your family. I admire Mrs. Bush and the family values she held. RIP Mrs. Bush.
Having family will help, but losing the love of your life is still a lonely journey at times.  I emphasized so much with President Bush since I have traveled that journey.  Much love and sympathy to you and your family.
This lifelong Democrat would stand up and offer his seat to First Lady Bush the First anytime. I hope Mr. Bush accepts all our condolences.
Love 41...He & I share love of our "socks"BUT!!!. I voted for Barbara .
This is such a sad time. She was an inspiration to many and always held her position of First Lady with such class and compassion. Please give President Bush a hug and let him know that so many are thinking of him and the Bush family. <3
Blessings to this beautiful family and all the wonderful years they had together!!

May she rest in peace
Such strength & class.  My heart is broken for all of them.  Wonderful family.  Especially Barbara.  God rest her & bless the family.
In this crazy world we live in, one thing will never go out of style and that's true love. That is an inspiration for all. God Bless and RIP Mrs. Bush.
God bless him and the entire family!!
I'm deeply saddened upon hearing the news of Mrs Bush's passing. I send my prayers and love to her family.  May perpetual light shine upon her and them.  May she rest inpeace.
To all those wonder where young men today can look for an example of what it means to be a man, may I present George, widower of Barbara, who he comforted to the end and now stands to support their family.
It seems they were both able to move on, forgive, and forget Jennifer Fitzgerald.
Heartfelt condolences to 41st Pres. Bush & the entire family. God comfort them & bless them.
Thank you Jim. I’ve walked in these shoes as lots of us have (or will at some time). Peace to the family

I can't imagine the heart break of losing my wife and best friend. I am certain the grief is nearly intolerable. Praying God's comfort for this old soldier.
that is a special gift when God allows us to give our loved ones up to him, to be a part of that to be there when God comes to take them home to be holding their hand at the same time God takes their hand that is when you are truly blessed
Woke up at 3am and my first thought was about Prez. Bush and how much he must be missing his partner of 73 years.

All my sympathy to 41. He’s a good man and his wife was a great lady I always admired.
God Bless the Bush Family...
Prayers to the family in this time of great loss.
A Statement from @realCHOICEOrg concerning the passing away of Former First Lady Barbara Peirce Bush.
@jgm41 @GeorgeHWBush https://twitter.com/realCHOICEOrg/status/986467760610914304/photo/1pic.twitter.com/tXCiSP715G 
My deepest condolences to the entire family.  My heart aches for them.
Prayers of comfort for President  Bush and his family!  What a wonderful women was Mrs. bush
Thank you so much for this info. We’ll keep 41 and the rest of the family in our prayers.
Gecondoleerd sir, may God help you in these days.
God bless and keep him, until they are reunited together in God’s embrace.....
Prayers for the family.
I will not be surprised if he follows soon as is normally the case for long term mates. I wish him the best.
Is it bad that my first thought is that George and Barbara’s comms team is far more on point than our current @POTUS?
Deepest condolences to President Bush 41 and the entire Bush family.

My heart is crying.

Prayers to family .... Very classy first lady
Houston was so nice to give Bushes their privacy but now tv trucks and journalists are crowded outside the narrow street. Wish they would take a video and leave, so the family can have their privacy.
My deepest condolences to the Bush family. All of you are in my heart and prayers.
May this wonderful woman Rest In Peace knowing everyone she touched will Love her forever.
Thanks for the update. God Bless him and all the family at their loss of this wonderful lady.
Soothing thoughts go out to all the Bushes; rest in peace Miss Barbara.
Jim, please convey to him our deepest condolences and sincere affection. We are praying for him and all of the #Bush family. God’s peace and comfort to all of you who love her so.
God bless you Mr. Bush. Our prayers and condolences go out to you and the entire Bush family in this time of sorrow.
My prayers are with the family. 
Thank you, sir. 
He is a tough old guy, i am praying for him and his family & friends
Please let Pres. Bush & family know that our thoughts & prayers are with them. I know #BarbaraBush is with Robin and Millie now!
Sometimes,if the suffering has been long, the gratefulness  for our loved one's relief is greater than our grief. Blessings to our President and his family.
Why was it reported today and not when she died back in 2017?
Hmmmmmmm
She just passed away today.
My heart aches for President Bush! 73 years! I served proudly under him! Peace and blessings to the family!
This. All day this.
Sending heartfelt prayers and condolences to the entire Bush Family
Heartbreaking.  What a devoted couple. Deep love & respect. Sympathies to the entire family. 
May God be with him and comfort him.
RIP  BARBARA 
A thoughtful gentleman in his grief
Be brave and strong President Bush I lost mine like that in nov 2015. It is not easy. God Bless
Sending him prayers 
I dare anyone to read this and not get choked up. RIP Mrs. Bush.
Crying right now

xxoo to all of you.  Sending lots of love your way.
Jim, can you give him a hug for all of us?
My heart goes to you Sir, and your errant fam.
Should a railed like mum.
Heartbreaking.......such love and devotion between them.
Bless his soul.
Thank you sir
Such a stupid question. Stop asking dumb questions people. He's brokenhearted.
