And I hope conservatives will as gracious when it’s Michele Obama. Somehow, I doubt it.
She was the definition of gracious. Thanks for sharing the memory.
She wasn't a bad sort Barbara Bush, raised millions for child illiteracy and cancer, (her daughter died of Leukemia when she was 4) and was one of the highest profile people to hold and hug aids diagnosed kids back in the 80's. Sadly missed RIP
I remember how gracious they were to the Clinton's...who were LATE to the traditional WH coffee AND brought uninvited guests, kept the Bushes waiting at the curb... That they later became friendly w/ Bill Clinton, and I guess Hillary secondary, surprised me
A queen of decency with a side of sass 
Lets Thank Her For Her Service...God Bless You Grandma for the USA....
RiP 1925-2018....There was a Lot of Great Service in that Dash...!!!!
She was a class act.
Ya. Sad. Remember when politics was American and not Russian.
She was a fine, feisty, outspoken and smart woman. who also happened to have a wry sense of humor and history.
Rest in peace, Mrs. Bush. My prayers for a grieving husband and family.
Then she showed the press pool the fetus she kept in a jar
Wow so gracious.
We could use some of that grace and humanity today
If you been around that long, how old is your Avi?
Barbara Bush “strongly encouraged” her son to “remove Sadaam Hussein from power in Iraq.”
I hope it was reported.
Great lady, no surprise she was called “America’s Grandmother” she reminded everyone of theirs
Interesting, since that @Fresno_State Prof calls her out as a racist. I'll take your word on Mrs Bush's character.
She was a very gracious and classy woman.
Can’t buy class
Don’t care
And yet your colleagues utterly dehumanizes them, their son, and republicans continually To. This. Day. It’s why we have Trump. We needed someone shameless, since you shame Republicans at every turn.
A touch of class! May she Rest In Peace.
Such a vast difference compared to presidential MSM attacks.
What a sweet personal memory you have. Thanks for sharing. Somber evening.
Incredible difference between Barbara Bush and Hillary Clinton. Consumate aristocrat and white trash (as my nanny would say).
How times have  changed.
Seriously? Cup of coffee is faint praise. All the eulogies are full of nonsense. I feel for her kids and grand kids and her husband for their loss. But this isn’t a national tragedy.
Thanks for sharing, Mark.  Ultimately these types of acts, or failures to act, are how we are remembered at the end of our lives.
Thank you for sharing that with us. Such an incredible women.
And we're sure that you were a perfect gentleman, Mark.
