SHS's lying comments make me uncomfortable just about every time she takes the podium.
msm spent many years disseminating every innuendo & blatant lie about HRC. Also spent lot of time putting lipstick on GOPigs & sweeping trumputin crimes under the rug.
That's fn uncomfortable.
None of msm can cry about jack now.
Wolf spoke truth. Too bad msm failed at that.
So I'm guessing you guys didn't do your own vetting when booking a standup comedian? Michelle has never been any different than her stellar on point performance last night. Stop victimizing yourselves.
You tell the @realDonaldTrump to apologize for all of the vile things he’s said
@michelleisawolf Maybe next time the @WHCA review the Speech before they Read it! But do NOT invite @JulianAssange from @wikileaks he can expose any CENSORSHIP you could do! Very Uncomfortable! #Theday #RepubliqueLCI #AJStream @RedactedTonight @AfDBerlin
Ok fine, then tell the elite correspondents to stop complaining  when the #POTUS says things that they do not like!! Respect his 1st Rmendment rights. Oops I forgot, it only applies to the elite correspondents and who they hire.  Gotcha!!
Snowflake
@margarettalev Why don't you speak up for everyone bullied by the president instead? You know the women he has sexually abused, black women, all people color and the Americans he has betrayed while he does Putin's bidding? YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME. Treason=OK. Comedy=Not OK?
How bout speaking up for the JOURNALIST that Donald & Sarah disrespect EVERY DAY...anyone speak up for @juliaioffe who wrote something that FLOTUS didn't like got death threats by DT supporters & when Flotus was asked what she would say to supporters she said I would say NOTHING
Only in Trump’s America can last night be uncomfortable. Sara lies for a living and was rewarded for her effort. Wolf was exceptional in her comedy. If @PressSec was offended she should quit her job.
Or stop lying.
She can't stop lying.
So,get over it,if we can not listen to a comedian without analyzing it political thinks are in a very sad state,
@michelleisawolf Maybe next time the @WHCA review the Speech before they Read it! But do NOT invite @JulianAssange from @wikileaks he can expose any CENSORSHIP you could do! Very Uncomfortable! #Theday #RepubliqueLCI #AJStream @RedactedTonight @AfDBerlin
Breaking News....Sara Huckabee Sanders lies to the press every chance she gets. Let's all get behind that.  If you want to make nice with the Trump Administration, don't invite the press and a comedian, invite public relations people and hire a clown to blow up balloons.
That sounds like nothing more than covering your tracks to serve your master. It sounds to me like wolf was the only one there fighting for press freedom.
This fucking PRESIDENCY makes all uncomfortable and does not embody the spirit of this COUNTRY. WHCA is embodying cowardice in the face of tyranny.
You literally can’t tweet this. The @whca knew what she was going to say and they knew what they were doing when they picked a Daily Show comedian. Half their script is shitting on conservatives. You can’t honestly say you didn’t know this would happen.
Sounds like Margaret Talev is not up to the task of leading an organization of journalists
#cowardly
Is it graceful to lie to the american people every single day? Is that what grace we are commending now? GTFO


Michelle's remarks "made me uncomfortable" said the president of the @whca. Aw, you mean her brilliant, truthful comments that all of you in the MSM have made money off Trump at the expense of journalistic standards? *That" uncomfortable? The truth? Sad.
If that didn't "embody the spirit of the night," then Talev should resign and give her job to @michelleisawolf or scrap the WHCD entirely, because the last thing we need is more journalists ass-kissing politicians for access.
Exactly or just wear this to the WH. Their off his site!
*They’re vs their! (Typo)
Wolf did not comfort the comfortable, and that's a problem for White House correspondents.
Sarah was getting back what she dishes daily!  She's a liar and never gives the American people any truth.  She and trump both lie.
This is what everyone is really upset about. @michelleisawolf was brilliant and the press can’t handle the truth. #WHCD
Yes, I really liked that bit too. Isn't WHCD a roast? Well, Michelle skewered, roasted, carved, & served it up on a bright, shiny platter for the world to enjoy. Not tasting so good, MSM? Hold yr nose & eat up; you deserve every juicy, biting morsel. No sympathy for you here.
fuck offfffffff
Really, maybe the press needs to do some self-evaluation about reporting on lying from the White House.
Margaret, quit. Just quit already if you can’t deal with the truth. I’m sure if you make up an excuse about spending time with your family you’ll still get invited to the parties like you always wanted.
Well, god forbid that YOU shd be uncomfortable, @micalderone. Comedy exists to make YOU comfortable, not to stick pins into YOUR comfort level & maybe WAKE YOU UP. [That's not meant to be comedic, it's just sarcasm.]
Oh, you mean that time Michelle Wolf boldly called out the press for creating Trump and then rightly stated they were profitting off of it? 

Or that time she rightly said the current administration was constantly lying to us

Or do you expect a comedian to ignore all of that?
Why oh why is she talking about SHS' "grace" through the evening, as if she's not supported every single disgusting thing her boss has ever said about the press, shut down journalists at her briefings and outright lied to the world? Please.
Sanders didn't show grace, she made faces and grimaced at every truthful word that was said. Journalists who are saying the comedian went too far are a disgrace to their once honored profession. Ignore them.
"Grace" is 1 of the last words I'd ever use to describe SHS. I thought MW's using it was supremely funny in itself. No matter how cleaned up SHS gets, she still looks as tho she'd be more at home stomping thru the farmyard feeding the chickens.
@WHCA knew what they were getting with Michelle Wolf, spewing VITRIOL on WOMEN in the current administration and the unborn child.  
@PressSec, @IvankaTrump, @KellyAnnPolls embody the fearless patriot, women-warriors of this administration #MAGA
This is pathetic. Sanders and Conway lie every day to advance an agenda that leaves everyone in danger, whether it be immigrant children or just anyone who wants clean air for their children.  Stop pandering to lies.  Do. Your. Job.
@michelleisawolf is a courageous talent and should be celebrated not lambasted.  Celebrate free speech.  If it makes you uneasy, too bad.  Live a little
What in the world do they think the "spirit" of that event is?
Obviously covering their behinds and protecting Kelllyanne and Sarah, known as the two biggest leakers in the White House. MSM is protecting liars.
Needing protection from criticism is an interesting stance.
Christ. She got called a liar because she is.
It’s a roast. Always has been a roast. Bush, Obama all were roasted. Humor.
How cowardly and disappointing, but proving @michelleisawolf point completely.
Well said......
The thing about a roast is the roaster gets to respond. He’s decided not to. So it’s not a roast. That puts the entertainer in a tough position.
Sarah Sanders craps on the WHC every day and he's worried about her feelings?  That some real Stockholm syndrome.
What made you uncomfortable was clearly this part. The truth hurts, huh?
This embodies the problem with the entire event. The WHCA wants to celebrate their reporting in front of White House officials without offending these very people they are supposed to be holding accountable, and then get uncomfortable when confronted with this hypocrisy.
Imagine how uncomfortable citizens are when we see you slapping the backs of the people you're supposed to be reporting on?
Hey y’all, I think I’ve found the problem. White House Correspondents’ Association President @MargaretTalev thinks journalists are supposed to do their job in a way that doesn’t make powerful people uncomfortable.
Good lord Michael.  @realDonaldTrump & @PressSec call the press the enemy of the American people. Grow a pair.
The spirit of the night is to make you uncomfortable. At very least, Talev.
You *need* to be made uncomfortable. You all do.
If they made her feel uncomfortable, then mission accomplished. Her next step could be introspection.
The spirit of the night? Historically, it's usually brutal.
Really? Fat jokes at Chris Christie ('12, '14, '16), blue dress jokes at Bill/Hillary ('96), gay jokes at Chris Hayes, Lindsey Graham ('14), Bill as molester grandpa joke (! '14), Bush stupid jokes ('06), Limbaugh addiction jokes ('09)...these don't burn but "smokey eyes" do? …

@realDonaldTrump makes me uncomfortable every day....start reporting the news instead of all these feelings...do your job!
This is what Michelle Wolf’s sets are and always are, though. It actually makes Talev look horrible that she apparently didn’t know this was what she was getting when she booked Wolf.
Sarah's "grace". Lmao please.
It's hard when the mirror accidentally gets flipped to the magnifying side.
Saw the same hand wringing when @StephenAtHome did it.
the truth can be uncomfortable but the truth is always necessary....
Jiminy Cricket on a murderous rampage, this is ridiculous. Sanders lies and berates the press every single day, but the problem is a comedian? Unbelievable.
@margarettalev Obviously has a humiliation fetish. Only explanation why she would defend someone who lies and belittles the press corps.
I'm the old generation and I miss journalists relating facts and not telling me how or what to think.  #goodolddaysofnews
they should be uncomfortable - @michelleisawolf called them out for their part in allowing trump to lie his way into office and drew attention to their continued complicity with this administration. journalists are supposed to be truth seekers.
Do your job or shut up.  Everyone knows how corrupt and spineless you are now, which is good.
Talev's remarks are so fucking cowardly and weak… just what the WH wanted to provoke with its storm of aggrieved trump tweets. Risible.

This is nonsense.  Does the @whca realize that editorial cartoonists are part of a "vigorous and free press" and would be thrown under the bus as you just did with your invited "entertainer"? https://twitter.com/whca/status/990773612226412545 …

So republicans get so damn offended by what a comedian says, BUT THIS SHIT IS OK. To hell with that 

I hope I never have a job where I have to humiliate myself by publicly sucking up to Sarah Huckabee Sanders because I think it will help me maintain access to people who are just going to lie to me anyway.

BREAKING: Trump's DOJ just removed a section from their manual titled "need for free press". 

I think we are now officially a borderline dictatorship.

Your civility will not save you.
No, if Margaret Talev was uncomfortable, maybe she should find another profession.
It is astounding to see the extent to which DJT has permeated the press—You ought to be ashamed of yourselves & your mission by putting out this statement. The discomfort you felt didn’t arise from the comedian, but from the surreal political reality in which the country is in.
Michelle Wolf spoke more truth in 10 minutes than Sarah Sanders has spoken in a year and a half. Journalist could take notes from @michelleisawolf  and the art of speaking truth to power. I hope the "no censorship" rule applies to future events.
Yet the top news today is one comediennes mean sprit. Basically, liberals celebrated themselves. Real investigative reporters didn't attend. It's over. Old, tired, and gone.
When journalists become uncomfortable with the truth. When they don't have the courage to look at their culpability then we are headed back into a dark time. Stop making excuses and go back to being truth seekers. Go back to being warriors for the 1st ammendment.
#journalistsneedtogrowapair
Embodied the spirit of the press though.  LOL   Nobody cares about "the spirit of the night".
The irony of ironies is that much of the news media is lying and saying Michelle commented on Huckabee Sanders' appearance. She didn't. That's something Trump did repeatedly to other women - which Sarah Huck defended.
The comments were fully representative of the attitudes of the vast majority of Journalists.  It is THAT which causes you (or should) discomfort.
Nah, the @whca just sucks.  You vetted the foul mouthed comic or you didn't do your job.  Which is it?
SHAME. This statement is despicable. Nerd prom has included a roast of the powerful for what, 30 years? Yet, your mission is "unity" and "civility?" That's absurd. Your job isn't unity. It's truth telling. And you are failing. Free press is officially dead. Somebody call it.
I’ve got one thing for her. 
"The spirit of the night" was apparently intended to be deference to power then. Whoo boy. Can anybody say (recognize) "dependent press"?
You have trump just what he wanted by apologizing! It's okay for the president to demean and make fun of people, but not a comedian who was telling the truth? Very sad
The worst part about watching MSM attack @michelleisawolf was the dawning horror that their normalization of this fascist regime and its proud spokesperson (lying scumbag @PressSec - their buddy now) is complete

We don't need WHCs...the installation of propogandists is complete
Making you uncomfortable is the goal. Revealing truth is the goal.
Margaret should step down! Michelle wolf's is part of the problem, shallow and tasteless and we are to believe no one looked at her script? So much for equal treatment for women.
And not one of u press people stood up and told her to stop.  PRESS BULLIES IS WHAT U ARE!
...And Talev's statement doesn't embody the spirit of the WHCD. If any of @michelleisawolf comments made you uncomfortable, perhaps you're too friendly with those in power to have a healthy relationship with the press, and by extension, the people of America.
To say the least....good for Margaret Talev.  Nice to know there are people with class still out there.
Then she doesn't fucking understand the spirit of the night. The entire fucking purpose of celebrating the first amendment and the press is holding politicians accountable. Michelle Wolf is clearly more competent than our press.
That means @michelleisawolf did a good job!
I'm a bit confused. Does one person decide what the "spirit of the night" is for the WHCD?

In my memory, the spirit of the WHCD has always been to poke fun at everyone present, most especially the President.
Where's all the fake pro-choice liberal feminist at oh they didn't go after one of their own so silence.....
This is why the Dems lose and the Reps win.We apologize.They don’t. And the WHCA  knew who they were hiring when they hired Michelle Wolf.Chill out. Stop apologizing for smart funny intelligent people with an http://edge.You  all are disingenuous. She was genuinely funny.
Reading this from @whca timeline, which looks like NY mag reporting on Hollywood more than a "community" of journalists.
Maybe both sides can quit crying! And know the joke was about the media coverage that runs this country. Not about someone's looks.

Had the people who hired Michelle Wolf ever seen her work before?
As opposed to EVERY comment that comes out of the WH EVERY day! Hypocracy and submission but a group that is supposed to bring the public news about the details of the WH. LIES, DAMN LIES. Stand up to this Administration, so that you are not a joke!

FINALLY, y'all wouldn't be saying shit if you weren't shit-scared of losing your precious access…
ALSO, if y'all haven't figured out after all these years that you're going to get no holds barred when you invite Comedy Central comedians to perform at your little dinners, you should really look into getting some better news sources.
BULLSHIT. You're just embarrassed that @michelleisawolf rightly called out the media for its obsession on covering Trump to the exclusion of pretty much everything else.
A roast is supposed to make people uncomfortable. The jokes about Sarah are being taken out of context. What kind of press are you? The press can abdicate their jobs and our freedom for a seat ass kissing the president. Germany had the US & EU to save them, who do we have?
Wolf did an EXCELLENT job as a comedian....and I'm more offended by what the current President has said, and still saying, to divide America!!!
You guys have disconnected from reality.
This statement makes me uncomfortable and shows a grotesque mark of fealty to Republicans.
pathetic. the White House press is thoroughly gaslighted.
We watched you enable a racist creeper who mocks disabled people. We watch them lie to you while you do nothing. @michelleisawolf responded
I am willing to bet that Michelle Wolf was not angling for a return engagement.
@PressSec There was nothing that wasn’t true in Wolfe roast. Years the WHDC has had president that they roast in good humor. I particularly didn’t enjoy the last WHDC that Obama attended bc of the harshness of the roast. Sarah can’t take the heat stay the hell away!
“Flint still doesn’t have clean water.”
Page 3 retraction by Ms Talev. Damage is done sadly and once again the Media reaches a low that once could have never imagined.  Shocked that she had no idea of material. If she didn't, even worse. Just incredulous.
Boooooo it's a roast, ffs! Get with the program... It is your program, after all.
The desperate need for “access” is, as I have said, very reminiscent of how the press treated Richard Nixon. One would have thoughts such cautionary tales are endemic within the Fourth Estate - but apparently @maggieNYT @jdawsey1 & @kyledcheney have forgotten #NixonRedux
Yeah the truth does hurt when it’s smacked in front of you, you begin to see what a ludicrous situation the press helped create and us common people have to put up with on a daily basis We are so done with Republican bs
What were they expecting? She works for The Daily Show. It isn't going to be knock knock jokes. I am not a journalist and not even very smart but I could spend 45 minutes on YouTube and I could have predicted what the jokes would be like.
So good.  From what I saw there were zero looks being made fun of.  Makeup application is fair game btw.  And this administration has no moral benchi so F off
This is not first time the comedy has been questionable at Dinner but this was extremely distasteful. Against censorship too but maybe.. some guidelines? Unfortunately it was the "spirit" all walked away with
I'm uncomfortable with this lady's  response to a really funny roast
@michelleisawolf for President
The current state of the executive branch should make everyone uncomfortable as it does not embody the spirit of our country.
"I wanted to celebrate the 1st Amendment but that comedian making fun of our #1 White House source is a bridge too far!"
Talev is a hypocrite.  She didn't even have the grace to apologize to Ms. Sanders for the crude,  vile remarks she had to suffer at your dinner.
Tell me why should I trust your journalism to be non partisan,  because I have forgotten.
Because the spirit of the night should be congratulating each other on what a shit job you’re doing holding our government accountable...

I WISH @michelleisawolf had the forethought to have worn one of these tshirts.

Everytime there were groans, she couldve pointed to 'Trump/Pence…F…
The WHCA and CNN must think they have an excess of trust in this country and they needed to squander some by sponsoring Wolf's foul and nasty partisan rant.
Talev ought to go on a national apology tour, I don't think she realizes how much harm she did to journalism last night.
You hate us, Talev, whca, Calderone.

Thats cool.  We hate you too.
If Margaret hired her, she sure didn't check her background.  She's on a comedy level similar to Kathy Griffith. 
What did she expect??!
The fact that Talev and others were "uncomfortable" was exactly the point. You SHOULD be uncomfortable and angry enough to do something about it. But yet you defend the person in the room who makes the WHPC feel uncomfortable every. single. day.  To @michelleisawolf I say:
This is not the time to be “neutral on a moving train.”
Who invited her?
Either you applaud free speech or you don’t WHCA.
That there shows the press learned nothing from courting trump and his anti-press rants. The 400lb man sitting on his bed at tax payer expense, laughing his head off.
Backing down is just playing into Trumps evil little hands.
This entire “presidency” makes me uncomfortable. Just stop with the feigned outrage, especially when there is a current dumpster fire burning out of control on the WH.
Did she do any vetting of Michelle?  She’s not Bob Hope.
And @margarettalev ..please talk about Sanders grace when the @CNN  journalists were being honored.. We ALL saw her when @jaketapper @jimsciutto @evanperez came on stage. Puhleez!!
How about the press hold the administration to account and call out the complete nonsense and gibberish the press sec often seems to come out with
Get over it, truth hurts, too f-ing bad Michelle Wolfe had the fortitude to point out the truth to DC doing the job journalist should be doing.
She should have watched @michelleisawolf’s standup, which is hilarious and would have clearly shown her what she was getting.
She was saying grace through the whole program? Now I'm thoroughly confused
Has it occurred to anyone that a simple apology might be in order?
Especially the ones where she called you out for your part in creating this disaster of a presidency.
What a chicken shit thing to say. Why even have her perform in the first place then?
It's fascinating that you can be appalled by the statements of a known controversial comedian while you wait feverishly for the next gem to fall out of Trumps mouth.Hypocrisy?Good natured ribbing will return when we are free of this administration based on lies ,hate and fear.
Did they ever bother to research what kind of comedy Michelle Wolf does? I think if they had, they wouldn’t have been surprised by her set.
Jesus god these people are such sheep
They invited the president who literally made fun of chuck Todd’s eyes a few weeks ago - the @whca is making itself a bigger joke with every minute
Are you going to post about the horrendous things Trump said last night and the media's failure to even report it. That's a far more important "media story."
Fuck @PressSec . She is just as bad to reporters at her press briefings. Anyone in the press who feigns discomfort over what  @michelleisawolf had to say should evaluate why they normalize the dangerous, criminal, incompetent, abusive disgraceful @POTUS  that we are stuck with.
I am following Michelle for sure now! I LOVE FACTS. Not repugnant FAKE NEWS.
Here's a couple other good ones I've saved recently from Pinterest.
Here is more. I collect them. :)
Sarah took one for the Trumper. Goes with the job.
She hired a comedian to roast people. What part of that you idiots don't understand?
I wish he would say what in particular made him uncomfortable, because if it is the "smokey eyes" joke, he is contributing to what we are witnessing in real time: the birth of an entirely fake news item.
So why have a comedian act as the host, who the WHCA president can’t control. Wouldn’t it have been smarter to have a journalist who they could control? I think it’s the WHCA president who is offensive for her fake comments.
Needed more extreme vetting of the talent? Borrow the best people Trump uses for his picks?
So Michelle Wolf's remarks did not embody the spirit of the First Amendment because she was too free with her speech?
Grow a backbone. You could really turn the tables on the PC accusations, MARGARET
@margarettalev Marge, not calling her out for lying and not walking out on a press conference where Sarah is lying makes me feel uncomfortable too.
How about how uncomfortable the American people are with the incompetency in the White House and this Administration. 
Don't we count?  Jeez...  
Hah, hah, hah, hah, hah ....
Large portion of America think Michelle Wolf's remarks perfectly encapsulate the view of WHCA & most of MSM. This has nothing to do with 1st amendment, its about highly partisan political media tht WHCA stands for.

.@edhenry: “Sarah Sanders should get an apology from the White House Correspondents’ Association.” 
@WHCA President on CNN, “I don’t think the comedian (Michelle Wolf) speaks for the press corps.” @margarettalev, you must have heard the expression “what’s in the well comes up in the bucket.” You booked the bucket, right?
Gurl bye! She was hilarious and spot on!
Do you think this event helped or hurt the credibility of the media?
Unlike Michelle Wolf’s remarks, ALL of Trump’s remarks make most Americans uncomfortable and do not embody the spirit of our country.  Let me see, one’s a comedian with no power and one is ...........
Not exactly an apology. Maybe the event has lost its purpose? Hopefully it can be fixed or maybe just cancelled.
Maybe Sarah will think about those remarks next time she is lying to the press core..Just saying!
No kidding? It was the worse “comedy” ever. When did we become so crude?
the spirit of the night--blowing the powerful? give me a fucking break.
Dear Mr. @POTUS,
Good call on not attending #WHCorrespondentsDinner. NO ONE from your administration should EVER attend one again.
#BoycottWHCD
@margarettalev @whca
She said the makeup was perfect, but called her out on her lies. All the same, maybe we should be talking about this instead...
Just get rid of this stupid event. Journalist are not on some kind of pedestal. Most of them just retweet the ap and read the TelePrompTer. Stop acting like these clowns are hero’s.
Bullshit.  It's not 1940. We have a criminal syndicate governing and you guys are dumping on a comic. Enough!
#safespaces #undisclosedLocation
I see why Mr Trump turned his back on the correspondents & media people.
Then don’t hire a comedian. Simple solution. But WHCA wants attention. So they do this stupid song and dance every year. It’s particularly egregious this time because of the obvious double standard for a very funny woman speaking truth to power.
it sucked.  and  you guys have been terrible.  try restoring some honor and honesty and UNBIASED REPORTING, maybe things can change for you.  for many of us, you're too far gone.
Funny cuz this whole presidency thus far makes me uncomfortable and does not embody the spirit of America but hey whatever
Most of @PressSec statements on behalf of @potus don’t embody the spirit of the United States of America.

And here we're off and running about a comedian, and the country is going to hell. 

"SQUIRREL!" much?
This event has been an uncomfortable experience for a long time now. You cannot have a “roast” when POTUS is not there.
Trump makes me uncomfortable every day.  If you want a unified country then maybe you should put a leash on Trump.
A cowardly copout
DT attacks everyday with mean spirited words towards "others." Nary a peep except to cover and lie for him. I am pretty sure the ones who felt uncomfortable had reason to be. That's the joke. She's a comedian. DT is not joking with his ugly words.
Its Not enough. She needs to apologize for the behavior of @michelleisawolf and denounce what she said and did. #WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner President @margarettalev you need to do better than this!!! #America Demands It
Thank you for this. The so called #entertainer had her right to “entertain.” And, we have a right to be offended. Or, not. That’s America. But, she wasn’t funny. #MichelleWolf’s #timing was off, + at times, her voice trailed off when she should have been emphatic.
That’s the whole fucking point of a roast!
Boohoo!  Sad that your delicate feelings were hurt.
Too. Bad.

Suck it up, Princesses.
These journalists have lost their way and don’t have their minds focused on their main reasons to exist. @margarettalev #WHCD #fifthestate
Talev's goal is wrong and stupid, plain and simple, especially when Trump was in another state blasting journalists.
It was these words that actually made her uncomfortable. Truth hurts.
@margarettalev 
No. You just aren't comfortable with the spirit of the night.

Are you sure you want to be a journalist?
What a farce. The night is a roast. What the hell do they expect from a comedian, I Have A Dream?
This annual bunfest should be killed off. It fits 2018 about as well as a b&w TV that gets 3 channels, or a weekly “news” magazine.
