Our sincerest condolences to the entire family. We're Democrats and we don't always agree in terms of ideology but to us your family represents all that is good about the GOP. Your mom was a strong feisty woman and we admired her greatly.
Well said and I heartily concur. RIP
Sincere condolences to the Bush Family. Houston we have lost a Great Lady!!
I feel like I lost a grandmother I never got to meet. Prayers of comfort to you and your family.
This brought me to tears.
Very sorry for her family. She was loved by this country. So much class and grace. 
Mrs Bush was ‘America’s Mom!’ Dignity, Grace, Loving and Compassionate!  Cherish Her Memories Close To Your Hearts As She Was Truly An Angel Who Touched Many!   Thank You All For Your Service and For Sharing Her With Us!  Our Prayers Are With You All!  God Bless! 
This is BREATHTAKINGLY Beautiful
Thank You Nan! 
Only stating the truth
Losing your mother, no matter how old, is never an easy thing. I wish the Bush family well at this difficult time.
Mr. President (41 &43) I can only imagine your loss. A wife, companion, and mother. May God bless you and all your families in this time of sorrow.
Our heart is with the Bush family
My heart goes out to the family.  I enjoyed Barbara Bush's wry sense of humor the most.  And she was elegant in her pearls!  She also reminded me of my mom with her white hair.  May she rest in peace and the family receive comfort from their warm memories.
Can you let President Bush Senior, President George W Bush, and Governor Jeb Bush know that Mrs. Barbara Bush will always be loved and missed tremendously by us. We love you very much, President Bush Sr & President George W Bush  Stay strong  Christ is with you 
God bless your soul. My condolences to the Bush family.
Mrs.Bush was a real First Lady!! Prayers for the Bush family!
So for your loss. She was a great woman.  Praying for you and your family.
Condolences to you and your whole family. President Bush. Here is a nice photo I found and saved because I was lucky enough to meet your Mom and Dad a few years ago in Kennebunkport. We had a nice chat and I’ll never forget their grace and honorable service.
R.I.P #BarbaraBush ⚘
A Dear Wife .Mother. Grandmother 
n #FormerFirstLady.⚘
My Condolences to all The
#BushFamily ⚘
A Wonderful Leader To Many, Thank You Ma'am 
My Family Sends Our Condolences Of The Passing Of Your Wonderful and Beautiful Mother
RIP, ma’am.  You were a dandy.
Beautiful, may peace be with you all.  #PearlsforBarbara tomorrow
Such a classy lady!! Prayers to the Bush family.
So very sorry for your loss. Your mom was awesome. A true class act.
My thoughts are with you and your family.  What an incredible lady she was.  What an incredible woman!  She will be missed and fondly remembered.
Sorry for your loss. She exuded such grace, poise and class. 
Our deepest condolences to the Bush family. What a wonderful example of a loving mother, wife and humanitarian.
May you find strength and comfort in each other in this difficult time. Our deepest sympathies and may God Bless your family.
So sad to hear... prayers for the entire Bush family..
#RIPBarbaraBush #Wife #Mother #FirstLady #ThankYouForYourService 
The Bush family loss is America’s loss. Mrs Bush represented a time and a generation where civility and grace existed alongside seasoned and knowledgeable leadership. It was a time when service was respected. May the thought of her passing renew our commitment to her ideals.
So very true.  She wasn't s remarkable lady, a great example for all of us.  May God comfort her family during this time of mourning for all of our loss.
Please excuse my typo- - I LOVED BARBARA.  SHE WAS A REMARKABLE LADY, A GREAT EXAMPLE FOR ALL AMERICA!
"Fathers and Mothers, if you have children, they must come first. You must read to your children, you must hug your children and you must love your children…." - Barbara Bush
The nation mourns with you. What a wonderful legacy she has left. She was a rare gem of a woman and one to be admired. I am so very sorry for your family’s loss.
My heart goes out to u and your family.... losing a parent is so very difficult  Especially a mother.. 
So sorry for your loss.  Your mother was quite the lady and had a wonderful sense of humor. I always liked and admired her. So glad to know her soul was settled.
And your nation will mourn with the Bush Family.  We too as Americans were so blessed for having Mrs. Bush here in our time.
She was a wonderful role model. My heart hurts for your loss.
God bless
Im sorry for your loss @TheBushCenter ... What a wonderful lady.  #AmericasGrandma
God bless to the entire Bush family. Special thoughts and prayers for your dad
My condolences to the family especially her children.
My sympathies. A wonderful woman. So gracious. 
The country mourns with you. 
I stood on a 25 min VIP reception line w/Mrs. Bush in Peoria, IL. at a Washington Day Banquet event, I in costume as George & we discussed Millie & her Pearls: "Do you just have the one strand? Are they real?" 1 yr later, she was back in Peoria & remembered my name Remarkable!
I have to add, I have a close friend that worked in the WH with the President and whenever she came home I'd grill her over dinner about the Bushes: "C'mon, what are they really like?" She had NOTHING bad to say, ever.  She loved them. We're still friends, she's still in D.C.
Please accept my Sincere condolences to all Bush Family for the lost of your Great Mam & Late Great FL
“ Mam lost the major lost in life “
Sincerest Condolences To you President George W. Bush and to your Family. God Blessings Be With You All
...May Almighty God give you  the consolation necessary on this trial's moment !

Vital Ntambwe B. Baraka
President of Baraka Foundation
What a beautiful woman and her authentic soul, who brought light to our world. Sad to say she is a throwback when we respected people even though when we disagreed on political beliefs.  Prayers lifted and blessings sent!  May her light shine forever!
So sorry for your loss
My deepest condolences for your loss, #Godspeed and #GodblessHerSoul may she rest in #Peace.
I want to send my condolences to the Bush family. Mrs. Bush was a kind and gentle woman who epitomized class at every turn. She will be missed.
RIP. May God bless her
Barbara Bush was a beautiful person - inside and out.  I can tell by the way your family lives that she has had a big hand in raising decent, honest, loving and productive contributors to society.  My thoughts and prayers to your entire family and your dad.  God Bless You.
So sorry for your loss...
Rip Barbara Bush 
I am SO sorry for your loss. She was a wonderful soul.
Sorry for your loss!

Rest in peace Sra Bush, We are together in the midle of the storm, Abbeas love his cent, thanks for beleve in me.
I’m very sorry for your families loss. I was a little kid when your mom became First Lady but I will always remember her passion for literacy the graceful presence she had. Me and my family will be praying for you and your family, especially President H. W. Bush. #ASadDayIndeed
My heart goes out to you and your family!
Prayers for the family during this time. May God bless you and your family.
stay strong...
Mr. President please know our thoughts and prayers are with you and your family. Please know the admiration, respect I had for your mother as First Lady and First Mother! She was amazing. May she meet Jesus w/her pearls and humor!
Barbara Bush was a wonderful person. A leader, a great public citizen, a wonderful mother and a role model for us all. She will be deeply missed by a thankful country who appreciated her honesty and forthrightness.
Prayers and incredible admiration for you and your family..
Praying for your family. Please accept my sincere condolences.
Barbara Bush - a beautiful example of the heart and soul. She had fortitude and compassion and grace. May we all leave a legacy this beautiful! prayers for your family!!
President Bush - thoughts and prayers for peace to you and your family.
She was a good one. My heart goes out to you and your family.
So very sorry
Praying for God's peace and comfort for you and your family. Your mom was an awesome lady.
Rip 
“The Treasure” is gone... R. I. P. Barbara Bush 
So sorry for y'alls loss. Sending prayers for y'alls family .
So sorry for your loss.
Prayers hugs and love out to all family during this difficult time
An inspiring and remarkable woman.  Rest in Peace First Lady Barbara Bush. You are a treasure to us all.
Yoy.. A strong woman indeed
We regret his loss, early resignation to the Bush family.
My deepest condolences to all your family Mr. President!
My heart breaks for one of the kindest, toughest, and amazing First Ladies!  Prayers of peace and comfort Mr.  Presidents  and family!
Sad day, God bless you！
Lovely lady, she now rests in Gods loving arms. She lives in all of you, and memories of her will comfort your souls. God Bless.
My condolences to you and your family ....
Wonderful, caring woman.  Her steadfast caring for humanity is a model and I send my condolences.  Wonderful woman!
The entire Bush family is in our thoughts and Prayers.
That's said she was warrior,   foundation of the family,  I saddened to hear this..   Pray for the family...
May our Lord bless and comfort you and your family during this time of grief. @GeorgeHWBush @georgepbush 
#FirstLady #Barbara_Bush 
Thoughts & prayers from our family to yours
My thoughts and prayers are with the Bush family. I am a Democrat first lady Barbara Bush was a very special lady.
Keeping your family in prayer. My condolences on the loss of your mother and a great woman. God bless.
A loss to this would in such a time of need, but what a wonderful gain heaven just received on Angels wings.
Sincere condolences for your loss. 
God bless the Bush family.  John 3:16  #FirstLady #Family #Heaven
Bush Family  I'm not sure many people will see this but I'm writing to tell you all what wonderful Mom 1st Lady Barbara was please light a candle in Maine as that is where I meet her that seemed to be her happy place !
i loved your mom as much as i do you pres bush.[43]  you will always my  president. sending my  for you & your family during this difficult time.   God rest mommy bush's soul. [that's how i called her] 
Remarkable person and a stunning conviction that is unmatched.
Please accept our heartfelt condolences on the passin away of your dear mother. Our prayers are with your family. RIP madam First Lady!
Condolences Mr. President
RIP to an incredibly classy, kind patriotic lady.
My condolences the Bush family
Best wishes to you and your family, Mr. President.
My deepest condolences to the Bush family! Your mother is at peace and headed home to the Father.
Deepest condolences to the entire Bush family.
Even though I disagreed with the policies set forward by both her husband and son, and there were things that shouldn't have been said, Barbara Bush was a beautiful and dynamic First Lady who brightened everything around her.
موتت  التسلب  يعلك تلحقه ياملعون الجدف وياخذ حقه منك ابو عداي
من عين ابو عايله يتمتهم وسلبتهم حياتهم
My condolences. She was a great lady. Kennebunkport will miss her dearly. 
Sending my good thoughts and heartfelt prayers to the entire Bush family on the passing of Barbara.  She will never be forgotten!!
@JennaBushHager I hope knowing you’re a grandma got to hug your aunt Robin yesterday brings you peace 
To President George W. and his dear wife Laura Bush:
We present you our sincere condoleances on the passing of your mother, Mrs Barbara Bush
I'm so sad! I remember being a young lady and thinking that she was so spunky and I admired her strong personality. God Bless her Family. RIP Mrs. Barbara. You made such an impact on me...and this country.
Bless you Mr. President and yr family. We were so lucky to know her! She will be missed!!!
 Hugs to all - she was an amazing woman. Thank you for sharing her with us. Hold @GeorgeHWBush close - I’m sending so much love and comfort for all of you, especially him. #RIPBarbaraBush
My condolence to the Bush family. We were fortunate to have such a caring first lady to education, fighting cancer n so many worthwhile programs in our country. She’s truly one of a kind. Thank you Barbara.
I am saddened by the loss of a great lady. She was admired by so many for her love of our great county, her love for her family, her love for children, and the pride she had serving as our First Lady with such dignity, and grace. Prayers to the entire, Bush family.
Sad Day.
Very sorry about your Mom.
Condolences to the entire Bush family on the loss of a truly wonderful woman !!! Always loved her toughness & tell it like it was approach. Rest Peacefully to a Mother to us all.
To the greatest president in my 36 years on the earth: I’m truly sorry for the loss of your mother, may she Rest In Peace and GOD be with your family. Praying for y’all..
Our prayers for comfort during your difficult time of loss. Your mother was an inspiration for all women. A life lived so well.
My deepest condolences to you and your family mr president. Today we lost a beautiful woman and may god grant her peace and keep her by his side
Rest in Peace Barbara Bush. Condolences. 
#BarbaraBush
So very sorry.  She was a wonderful lady, who had a wicked sense of humor  and a ton of class.
May I offer my sincere condolences to you & your family for your loss & sorrow (Canada  mourns with you). She was a great lady in every respect & her contributions to the world were many. May her soul Rest In Peace.
My Condolences to you and your family. I truly admired her she was one great Lady! May the Lord surround you with his loving arms and bring you peace.  She reminds me so much of my mother who just passed away 2 months ago. May she RIP and fly with the angels!
Very sorry for your loss.  Thoughts and prayers to you and the family.  She was a great woman.
My deepest heartfelt sympathies for you President Bush and the entire Bush family. As an American,I appreciate your mother's dignity and positivity in living life and loving her family. Old fashioned maybe, but never out of style. May God give you strength in the coming sad days.
I’m deeply sorry for your loss, Mr. President.
Wonderful tribute.  I loved reading it.  It brought back sweet memories of my mom, who passed in 2014 at near 97.  She and Mrs. Bush would have gotten along splendidly.  Warm wishes.
Very sad.
Thinking of you all from Kentucky. She was a fine woman! Well done Mrs. Bush, may you rest in peace 
My deepest condolences to the Bush family. Rest in peace.
Condolences to the Bush family.  Mrs Bush was a classy First Lady and represented what was great about being American!
I live for a child to write such a loving tribute. Bless you my President. Take great care of your daddy. I’m praying for him most of all.
My sincere condolences.

The Booker family give our condolences to entire Bush family on the passing of Mrs. Barbara Bush.
The world is a bit sadder without her
Condolences Mr. President to you and your Family.
My heartfelt sympathy and condolence,Mr President. 
Sorry for your loss.
Beautiful photo of a beautiful lady. May she rest in peace.
She was an inspiration to us all. Our thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family.
Barbara Bush-A woman of class, character civility and compassion-something we need to bring back to our society
My condolences to the whole Bush family for the loss of a wonderful woman. RIP Barbara Busch..
Sincere condolences to the Bush Family
My deepest condolences to you and your family. Though I am a democrat, I always thought your mother was a wonderful woman. We may not always agree politically, but we are all Americans and we so appreciate what the Bush family and especial First Lady Mrs. Bush  has done for us.
LARGER than life #RIPBarbara
God bless her
God bless your family
Condolences to your family.  Rest In Peace Barbara Bush.
I'm sorry about the loss of your mom and former first lady Barbara Bush. My thoughts and prayers are with you tonight George and Laura.

So sorry for your loss.  We know God is pleased to have her soul with him.  Paul Janet P Smith, SC
I am sorry for your loss.  Mrs. Bush was a great person.
Sincerest condolences to the entire Bush family. Rest in Peace Barbara Bush.
Such a close family with so much to be proud of ...she was fierce and funny and so protective of all of you ... a life well lived . Our condolences .
I'm liberal and, while I did not always agree with Mrs. Bush, I always admired her. From what has been reported, even in her last days, she set an incredible example of bravery & dignity. My God grant me the gift to be half the woman she was when my time comes.
Barbara Bush will always be synonymous with integrity and humility. She will also be remembered for her beautiful pearls. She will be missed greatly. #RIPBarbaraBush #graceandpeace.
Thoughts with you W. Your Mom was a fine person and great 1st Lady.
Heaven just received another Angel! You will remain in the hearts of many.  My thoughts and prayers go out to the family of Former First Lady Barbarba Bush. Rest peacefully Barbara.
Dear Bush family, I had the pleasure of meeting your father in law in Costa Rica and the first question I made to him was “how is Mrs. Bush?”, his eyes, the blues eyes I have ever seen, shined and smiled and said, she is always great. What a Lady. Condolences from the Batalla’s.
My most sincere condolence, to you and the entire Family. 
I had the privilege to meet your grandfather many years ago in the State of Connecticut, and the Honor to do some work, when your father was the head of the most important Agency of our Country.
From The Taylor Family to the Bush Family. You all have our condolences. You was there for us when during our time of grief when our soldier was killed in war. We are there in spirit for you all in our thoughts and prayers for the lost of your loved one. She will truly be missed.
May she RIP. She was a great woman.
As a Democrat I appreciated her. He loyalty to her Country..and the fierceness of not putting up with bs. A great woman.
Much love and condolences to the family.RIP Barbara 
Rest In Peace 
I’m so sorry for your loss. Please know that we are also mourning for our beloved First Lady. There were none like her before and won’t be another in the future. Rest In Peace.
condolences to BUSH family on the passing away of Barbara bush & world needs affordable old age homes , just in case kids unable to care/um*
I’m so sorry for your loss @GeorgeHWBush. I’ll be praying for you and your family Mr Bush.
My condolences for your loss. I know you are grateful for her amazing life and the immense influence she had on yours. America was certainly blessed by her presence as First Lady. Prayers for peace for your family as you walk out the days without her immediate presence. 
My deepest sympathies go out to you and your family. May God give you all the peace that you seek.  Her sunset proof that she was lighting up the the sky before saying goodbye.
I am very sorry for your loss Mr President Bush (41st and 43rd).  America just lost a wonderful first lady, a magnificent citizen, and a lovely mother and grandmother.  My deepest condolences to the Bush family.  Rest In Peace Mrs Barbara Bush

Our Nation morns.  Sorry about your mom.  She was one of the finest First Ladies this country has had the pleasure of having.
Much sadness in the loss of a woman with such grace and love. She made a positive difference in the lives of so many. Our country was blessed with such a fine example of a First Lady. Godspeed.
My condolences for the loss of your mother, Mr President. #RIPBarbaraBush 

^^^ Bet you've never once said that to all the children you orphaned. You, Blair, Cheney and Rumsfeld should be swinging from a rope in the Hague.
My deepest condolences to the Bush family.  Former 1st Lady Barbara Bush will alway be in our hearts as a truly wonderful and kind human being. May she Rest In Peace and God bless you all.
To you and family, your lost is felt around the world. Such grace and dignity this First Lady had. Thanks for sharing this beautiful Lady!
So sorry for the loss of your dear mother. She was a strong person with a great love for her family. Our condolences. We’ll keep her and your family in our prayers.
Sorry for your loss. What a tremendous woman. Sympathies to the entire Bush family.
God Speed Barbara Bush.
Sending much love and my heartfelt, sincere condolences to the entire Bush family. What an amazing First Lady, Wife, Mom, Grandmom she was! We were all lucky to have her here! May God bless you all and hold you close during this difficult time 
ཉིད་ཀྱི་མ་ཡུམ་ཚེ་འདས་བྱུང་བ་གདུང་སེམས་མཉམ་སྐྱེད་ཡོད།
My condolences to you your family & the entire world. We have all lost an Amazing women. Im 38 yrs old and have always thought she was just wonderful. God bless you and god bless Mrs. Barbara Bush. Heaven just got a little better.
I’m so saddened this day has come, but I’m glad she was home with family and close friends. 
My family is mourning with you tonight.
Despite the difference in political views, we are sending our condolences with prayers and hugs to the Bush family. She was amazing remarkable person, she will not be forgotten. (Found out tonight through ancestry she shares a relative, Elizabeth Tilley) RIP Barbara
May the Lord Jesus Christ give you and your family comfort as only He can.
May God bless and comfort you guys in the loss of Barbara Bush. We mourn with you, and remember you in Prayer.
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family during this diffucult. Mrs. Barbara Bush was an awesome role model for all the girls growing up in America. All of America will miss a wonderful former first lady. God bless you and your family.
Peace to you and the family. You drove me nuts sometimes, but you married well.
Sincere condolences. You are such a good son to a wonderful mother. Prayers for you all but especially your Dad 
Condolences, Mrs. Barbara Bush was an example of grace and strength to us all and will be missed.
Condolences on the passing of your Mom
Condolences to you and your family. She was a grand woman.
I had nothing but respect for your mother. That beautiful, compassionate smile will be greatly missed by all. May God bring comfort to your family, and may your mother rest in peace.
Condolences to you and your family
My condolences to the bush family
Prayers for your family.  It is just the beginning for her and you will see her again in paradise with our savior.
Condolences to you and your family Mr. Bush.
Awesome lady!  God bless & keep her.
Amen
