A hate filled and vile event last night. The #whcd pur together a disgusting event. President Trump was proven right yet again. He spent time in MI with hardworking Americans while liberals viciously attacked a strong woman like Sarah Sanders.
I believe you got that backward the hate filled and vile event was in MI. Fixed it for you!
Even liberals from NYTimes and CNN thought the #whcd was out of control and damaged media
Couldn’t agree more. So much important and amazing journalism this year — that should be the focus, when truth matters and is needed more than ever. It was an embarrassment in the room and surely to the audience at home. https://twitter.com/peterbakernyt/status/990437494440321024 …
The truth hurts. Media has helped create the trump monster. They probably feel guilty.
President Trump wasn’t at the #whcd ..
Liberal media failed miserably all own their own last night.. and even the liberal journalists realize it.. One piece correctly stated “media gave President Trump a big win last night”
Hardly. 
Why do we hold the standards of a Comedian much higher than the Office of the President? I am more offended by what Donald J. Trump is saying than by what a Comedian says... Get your priorities in order!!
After last night, let's stop pretending that WHCA is anything other than a group of efite snobs who stoke hatred for anything conservative and gleefully pander to Leftist misogyny.
Who invited political hack Michael Avenatti and who allowed him to attend #WHCD so he could harass women?
No no; the guy who harasses women was not there. #45 was busy being a racist with his fans in Michigan.
Congratulations, @margarettalev 
You successfully sank the already sinking WHCA with that disgusting “speaker from hell”, preceded by your ridiculous “we’re being assaulted” BS.  You and your ilk have destroyed journalism, by your own hands 
Bloomburg should fire her - let her go to work on "The View".
All planned since someone is taking her place this summer. Guess she wanted all attention on her and Ms. Wolf. It's too bad everyone is talking about this part and not the recognition's at the dinner :(. Ms. Wolf was used as a pawn in the game.
Who cares?  After the disgraceful and cowardly way she has treated @michelleisawolf, I have blocked Ms. Talev from my feed and will no longer give my attention to her work.

Journalists either have integrity or they do not.  This situation has exposed the fact that she does not.
Goodbye @margarettalev, who never says she's sorry for standing up for the status quo and white women defending a lying white woman. Your comments are racist and sexist as you only need to see Colbert 2005 to see the difference. He's a white guy and she's not. Take a knee, hon.
What you going to do next year when the president cancels it?
America hates you.
Talev is a fat Joseph Goebbels.
This is Zeke’s “reporting”
Zeke is garbage
Not interested.
Amazing speech
