@chrissyteigen @johnlegend @kumailn  guyssss! Who do I have to call to be Real Life Friends with you all?!
Be an actor?
*actress.
Yes. I would love it. I’ll dm you both.
Can I come hang too? Big fan all around. Love everyone’s work.
cringe
This just makes me so happy 
Sometimes finding friends as adults means being intentional. Sometimes you have to just literally ask, "Will you be my friend?"

@chrissyteigen, Will you be my friend?
@kumailn @johnlegend kumail do you want to be our real life friend? can you guys exchange numbers or call your publicists or whatever
Teigan-Legend/Nanjiani 2020 
This. This is my dream team.
This is the purest thing ever
Is that how this works?

Are you accepting applications for poor, normal, dog loving, not at all famous friends? I teach middle school. I have great stories 
Please invite @kumailn and @emilyvgordon to dinner and share on your insta stories, please 
Soo @chrissyteigen @johnlegend  and @kumailn do u wanna be real life friends? No publicist on my end but a dm works :)
Can I be your guys IRL friends? I'll get started on friendship bracelets.
In a world where it's so hard to make friends as an adult, this is truly heartwamring to watch a friendship develop over ice cream sandwiches.
Would you like to include a 66 year old, white woman from Dearborn, Michigan?  I can babysit!
I hope there’s ice cream cake at your first dinner.
Geez...I thought you were talking to me 
That’s my favorite tweet ever. X
Kumail just got the tweet everyone on the planet hopes for
do you guys wanna me my real life friend too?
I'm glad I don't have any real life friends. It sounds too stressful.
Guys, I could do with being friends with you all as well?
When ice cream brings people together glorious things happen!!!!
If I talk smack about icecream cakes can I be too? ... Icecream cakes are so... so... ah I can't do it. They were stripped from me as a small child when my brother decided he did not like. Me on the other hand, loved. The trauma remains twenty later years.
Keep us posted :-)
So...this is my new friend making tactic.
.....can i be your friends too?! I'm a REALLY nice person. And i like food. I'm pretty sure that's a good basis of friendship, right?
New reality show: Celebrity Play Date! 

Or is that just The Tonight Show now?
I adore the innocence of this. It's like being back in kindergarten! 
OMG You guys should do a pod together *cough* @PodSaveAmerica *cough*
Something good happened in April 2018 y’all wow didn’t see that coming!
I would also like to be your friend.
Pls start your own frozen confectionary company! Legend-Dairy ? 
I want to be real life friends with all of you! 
This makes me so happy. What a ride this has been.
I wish I had a publicist....then maybe I could be friends with you too 
this is legit my fantasy famous people hangout group

Watching this friendship blossom has been wonderful.
This was easier for you than me... I’m guessing it has to do with pregnancy.
I stan this friendship wholeheartedly
@DemiTatham
Haha  brilliant
Can please be your real life friend too..pls
I would also like to....
This is my favorite thing ever!!!
Omg this was like watching a “check yes or no” note being passed in school!
What if he said no?
What if the teacher confiscated the note?
What if he made a new box that said maybe?
So suspenseful!!


All ya’ll can feel free to DM me & @cosmicfool13 too while you’re at it, NBD
This is legit the tweet I’ve always wanted directed at me 
You are making an excellent decision here.
I bought your cookbook. Just saying...
Can all of you guys be my real life friends?
This is another level of lame
Yay!  I truly thought “these guys should be friends if they’re not already” yesterday.
How about that. Twitter DOES bring people together!

Don’t get him drunk or he’ll reveal all of his companies secrets
Good choice
I’m gonna need to be a part of this friendship. I’ll bring ice cream sandwiches, or Klondike bars.... Whatever!!! I’ll even make my bring my famous African Stew that brings people to their knees in gratitude and joy. 
Please?!

Yes!!
Please document this double date
#husbandplaydate

YAS. MAKE THIS REAL. PLS. IM BEGGIN
You and John could double date with him and @emilyvgordon
Ya'll should be besties and write cookbooks together. And @emilyvgordon can write another screenplay with Kumail and John can do an orignal song. And the world will be good again.
I for sure thought you were gonna say Emily could write a screenplay for a romance starring Kumail and John and I was (and still am, in my fantasy where this happens) there for it.
I would also like @kumailn to be my real life friend cc @Larakate as an fyi.
I wanted him as a real life friend too until he trash talked ice cream cake.
Same, what is he thinking? He’ll have to make do with Chrissy and John, which I’m sure will be just horrible


#DreamTeam

@emilyvgordon the perfect double couple
My favorite Twitter moment ever.

Dude @kumailn this will probably be bigger for your career than the Oscar nom.
Awwww. Hang out!

yes please make this happen
This is the collaboration we need (and deserve)


awww celebrities, they're just like real people searching for friends on this godforsaken site!

When this happens, there must be ice cream sandwiches, and you must post pics.

This is the crossover event we deserve!

I want in
I support this union

DO IT FOR THE CULTURE, KUMAIL
Too cute! Twitter bringing celebrities together.
Marvel: Avengers Infinity War is the most ambitious crossover event of all time.

Me: ^
You mean TWITTER ISNT REAL LIFE!?!?
Why don’t you do this kind of shit for me?
Chrissy is ready to hand out new friend contracts after she had to tear one up earlier this week.
Where do I apply to get in this gang?
I love it!!!!!

He’s probably going to think this tweet was meant for @kalpenn
Or @kunalnayyar
oh my god legit


