@chrissyteigen have you ever had the cotton candy ice cream burrito??? 
Why do you use such foul language. I am disgusted Chris. Please abstain . You are such a lady. But your foul words show signs of a bitter person . Is everything okay with John?.
Preach
This made me think of you 
Don't worry, @chrissyteigen! I just reported him for this hate speech.
No no no it was offered as a gift! If we don't find things to hate together, how will we stick together???
Isn’t your stupid lip syncing show a trend?
tf
Yeah, America ruins good sweets by making them over the top sweet.
All those new combos just feel really “american” to me. Sugar on sugar on sugar, bright colors to distract from how low nutrition it is.
It's a dessert, not supposed to be nutritious & the "very American" comment is absurd. Some of the most sugary, colorful desserts come from elsewhere.  Ever had the Thai dessert, Es pisang ijo?  So sweet, w/ so much condensed milk & sugar that looking at it rots teeth.
Ever left New York?
I'm crazy about you ,I adore you
I didn’t know you were so excessively rude¿
That fuckin sushi burrito thing that came out should have been the end of this nightmare
Contrary to popular belief, the sushi burrito is actually worth the hype
Nat....no
See but, have you ever HAD a sushi burrito?
No, because I have taste
But a sushi burrito is just sushi rolled like a burrito??
But the “new” part is that it’s not cut into pieces!!! #innovative
It's not making burritos better, it's making sushi worse. Instagram has turned food culture into "let's make the dumbest most gimmicky food imaginable for people to post on IG".
You are cranky. Won’t be long.
That looks like pure diabetes, gross
I'd smash
John Legend would be heartbroken
Haha, I meant the dessert. Altho ... 

@ak_lavigne
cannot emphasize enough how much I hate food trends, i.e rolled ice cream.
@bellgoulem
Hormones lmao
Anyone who thinks this isn’t going to turn into a sticky nightmare the second the ice cream starts to melt is lying to themselves and god
I'd try it cotton candy=yum, ice cream=yum,fruit loops=yum so triple yum doubt id eat in a setting.
This looks absolutely disgusting
Biggest pet peeve is when Instagram tries to make sushi not sushi. Like wtf is a sushi burger.........
Mind blowing lol
Okay but that looks delicious
I’m waiting for someone to send you a pic of a turducken.
I'm with ya - plus, it makes my teeth hurt & my stomach churn to look at it - really!
No I hate these stupid trends. Things inside things. Crazy shit on top of crazy shit. Shit in new shapes. “PLEASE INSTAGRAM ME” shit. TIRED OF IT. BAH HUMBUG https://twitter.com/nancyberman/status/988979538292961280 …
This looks like sin.
Can we stop making everything into ‘pops’ too?! Cake pops, pie pops, cookie pops, meatloaf pops. I mean, seriously.
I feel like a meatloaf pop is just a meatball on a toothpick
You would think, but then people have to put it on a fancy stick and then do things like mentioned above, mashed potato frosting.
Sorry @chrissyteigen, this one I'm all for tasting, at least once.
100% agree
Plus it’s look really disgusting.
I’m just going to instagram boring, bland looking food. Just to fight this trend.
Dear god. Every tooth in my mouth is a sweet tooth, and that looks horribly disgusting even to me! Also: derivative af.
I love you
Dear God.
Calvin Trillan used to write about "Stuff stuffed with stuff"
@smheryl
HARD AGREE
Same. But also yes I'd eat that crazy shit.
i never had a burrito
 you are the heartbeat and lung expansion of @Twitter  #President
I would try it but there must be sprinkles added.
This how i feel about spaghetti in a sandwich, Mac and cheese between bread, pasta on pizza
Looking at that shit makes my teeth hurt
It’s too much for me to take all at once. Simplify
damn ma is it that serious
unicorn fraps were my breaking point. people have too much time on their hands
that photo alone makes me sick to my stomach
I completely agree Chrissy...however...this looks like fire.
Unlike you to not speak your mind...
I always wondered what “diabetes on a plate” looked like.
But calzones...or pizza rolls! Or sushi 
@chrissyteigen you were litterally a judge on snack off this is something I would've excpected on It 
I’d like to try it ...
Mee too 

...says the person who has a WHOLE OTHER PERSON INSIDE HER. C'mon.
Me too! Real food for the win, always.
Yea, just give me a damn delicious burrito.
I love her lol
God I feel this tweet in my soul thanks for speaking for the people, Chrissy
Your ideas intrigue me and I would like to subscribe to your newsletter.
@haybayy19 why is this me. “I hate meat inside other meat”
Quail wrapped in bacon. Honey you’re missing out
Q
but have you tried the new rainbow burrito smoothie from Taco Bell

I love this tweet so much, mainly because I say bah humbug all the time! 
The worst is those layered rainbow cakes that you cut open and candy pours out. Not practical, wasted cake is cut from the center, and it's literally ALL done so you can take a video of the first cut and post to insta....I hate this. 
You know that piece you cut out? You eat it.
Well duh. But most likely not the person eating the slice that's got cake missing. Thanks for being a smart ass, opinion not swayed. These cakes are annoying
I don’t get this either... like uh. Now the cotton candy is ruined it’s all soggy and wet.

speak the truth
Then you'll love San Francisco's #tacro.
My teeth hurt just looking at this photo.
Get off my lawn!!!  ...I feel the same way 
I hate trends too but that looks good!
Baby....you might be wrong on this one
Same.....I'd still try it though
Thank the lord you didn’t go ‘OMG this looks sooo good! I gotta try it ASAP’  That concoction is hideous.
All I could hear is
What about açaí bowls??
Who shat on your plate?
This is an abomination. Kill it with fire. 
I turned diabetic instantly after I viewed this food item.
Man: “Bring us the finest food you got stuffed your second finest."
 
Waiter: "Excellent sir, lobster... stuffed with tacos."
I'm old as shit too and I don't like anything new either.
My teeth hurt
fuckin thank u!!!! lame and gross!!!!
@soul_tattoo - see this is what I mean when I say we should try food places that are actually good food versus stupid trendy yucky food that only gives you diarrhea and an upset stomach afterwards.

Eat some real fuckin’ food, people.
Are you talking about @IvankaTrump Collection?
I could not agree more with this stance

also age old foods from other cultures appropriated as "new" trends AKA @InsiderFood syndrome
Poor Nancy was just excited to tell you about a cotton candy burrito.
I blame @scalzi
 omg yesss
Ok, but I have to admit that the deep fried twinkies was a masterpiece.  I do not like twinkies, do not eat them.  But once a year, I get that thing deep fried and I am in heaven.
Back in my day, ice cream and cotton candy were 2 different things! That’s the way it was AND WE LIKED IT!
I agree...Yuck!!
I feel like you’d still eat it 
My thing is what monster bites into their ice cream?
I agree...Clever “crafty” food just pisses me off.
I like you mad
But like, if we didn't experiment with putting things in things we wouldn't have stuffed crust pizza, or babies. 
Thank you for making me feel validated in my #getoffmylawn mentality!
My god that looks amazing.
Tired of it but what the hell else am i spose to watch once im bored w Netflix and hulu? The process is amazing i wont eat it but i be in bed
Disgusting. And there’s a place in Cincinnati opening up soon. Whhyyy???
Are you sounding a little grumpy?
I mean I was just gonna say this is for heathens who bite their ice cream but @chrissyteigen is taking the hate to a new level 
Oh man I thought I was the only one who hated those things. 

I am alone no more
I want it now
I'll just stick with my single scoop of vanilla...
Hi !
Mrs. Emily
put some on the side for me
   Lovely
I agree
RIGHTTTT?? StOP IT! It’s not good. It’s not cute or unique. This is all just dumb. And the people that wait in line outside of these restaurants for hours are idiots too.
THANK YOU
That looks like diabetes in it’s true form!
That.. Don't even look good. The different textures borderline assault to the senses.
I hate them too. What’s wrong with good, traditional food with the focus on one or two flavours done really well instead of a mash of a bunch of so-so flavours
It’s fucking gross. I don’t need to eat it to know that.
I just got a cavity looking at that...
That burrito leads to the hospital to much sugar intake
Where's the lie tho?
Looks like a belly ache.
Queen has spoken
Are you ok? @chrissyteigen 
This is disgusting looking
preach
She nailed it.

Why you always bitching about something
What happened to just food?
Sounds like a night in trump tower lol.
“Get off my lawn.” I’m here for it 
Never been on board with the Turducken, either. Who come ups with this shit? Stoned people, that’s who!
Kind of the same thing with celebrities when i get on social media...
Lmao “things inside things” is funny
Sometimes I really feel you’re my spirit animal 
I’m with you.  This looks especially vile....
Hatin ass bitxh
Damn Chrissy. Nancy is probably crying in a corner right now! Meany Head

What's even worse are those places that cover everything in rivers of cheese nowadays. The only thing it does is hide the fact the actual food is probably terrible.
@chrissyteigen totally agree! So stupid
Take a chill pill,it looks good to me.
ugh making my teeth hurt
Except that this looks delicious.
When you turn thirty, everything starts to seem like that.

Gross!
@ticclark she speaks our language! Things inside things!
Ew Nasty is that fruit loops? That just killed my appetite.

LMFAOOOO SHE SAID BAH HUMBUG I FUCKING LOVE HER
Agreeeeed
Looks absolutely disgusting.
This makes me want to vomit 
"shit in new shapes" is my favorite quote now thank u
OK Chrissy........guess that changes my plans to invite you to lunch for pita pockets.
Oh my goodness you are so grouchy pregnant. 
I feel you Chrissy, I feel you
chrissy u ok
When you ask a pregnant woman, especially one in her last trimester, that question you should really be prepared for any answer that you may receive!
I’d still eat that. Just not the milkshakes with frosting all over the glass and pieces of cake on top.
1. I get nauseous watching these videos
2. The thought of eating these monstrosities makes me nauseous
3. Why would I pay $20 for a novelty that I’m just gonna throw up
My teeth hurt just looking at that pic 
My dental work would fall out.....
You must be on a diet
So glad I'm not the only one. I hate that food has just become a "trend" now. It's not about taste, it's about something that looks Instagram-able. I want to write a research paper on this..
Think I caught diabetes just by looking at this
You tell em!!

Sounds like Ms. Teigen has deep-rooted scorn inside her contempt, wrapped inside a thin veneer of cantankerousness.
Just let ice cream be ice cream!
It would be easier to just eat a bag of sugar.
I feel you. The worst

Maybe these grotesque malformations are leading to something revolutionary like penicillin.
Omg bah humbug
and this one is RUINING the cotton candy! cc should be airy and fluffy, not all compact like that
-sincerely, cotton candy connoisseurs around the world
@aislingsophia our hero
I love you and agree !
You’re so right. I wouldn’t eat that in a 1000 yrs.

Sugar is poison.
Right I hate it too!!! This looks way to fucking sweet
Same way we feel about you
It’s disgusting
Ditto!
Tell us how you really feel
Ditto!!!!
Right?! Thanks for making me feel inferior for not being able to make homemade cookies, much less some cotton candy fruit loop ice cream confection.
I agree... too many innovations in pancake technology... pancakes are divine just as they are... They are trying to make candy out of everything... to many fingers in my treat...
Gross. No.
I U

