isn’t it incredible? I hear their breakfasts are just as good
Never had anything like it!!
Do the vegetarian tasting menu Meadowood in Napa!
@chrissyteigen, you should make a vegetarian recipe book. As a vegetarian, I'd buy it in a hot second.
Have you tried dirt candy?
I LOVE THAT PLACE
I love their beet salad my fav so far
Chrissy, you just ruined our fav place. And you’re right. They are the best.
Wtf. Never knew there was a restaurant in a carpet store ..lol.  the Coffee Shop is right there also
“Killed it” if it’s vegetarian, I don’t think they killed anything
@ashley_markle time2go 2 ABCv
It’s soooo good, always a mission to get in.
@manda_g13 add this to our list for next time 
I have been dying to take my vegetarian BF here!!! Thank you for validating my obsession
If they killed it it’s not vegetarian
They slaughtered kale man...it was horrible
 Get off your high horse. I’m sure they were fantastic even if you don’t claim that they “deserve” all the praise in the world. Ik I’m just hating but seriously getting the vibe that you and @johnlegend are the supreme judge of the world and bearer of all truth and knowledge
Sounds wonderful!  We’re loving all of the amazing restaurants out there making unique and delicious veg dishes 
What was your TOP favorite dish?! It’s been on my hit list!
I thought you liked cheese pizza?
aaaaAHH!
@ChefBouyarB let’s be vegan and eat here
My daughter served me an all vegan meal and it was absolutely wonderful. I think too often those who are not #vegan/#vegetarian miss out on the full tastes of fruits and vegetables because they feel you must have meat to have a meal. While I do eat meat, I disagree.
I was just reading about this place last night while researching where to eat during my self care weekend. (Because like you said, this week’s been ROUGH!)
That’s amazing !!
Thanks for the recommendation. Just finished lunch at ABCV. Amazing!
Try @peacefoodnyc or hangkawi #vegan
Yes but have you been to La Mela in Little Italy and pulled the testicle lamp?
Come check us out at @OlmstedNYC !
...but bacon tho
Check out XYST for an amazing vegan restaurant in NYC
The rhubarb dessert is OUT of control good.
I'm convinced if everyone tried scrumptious foods like this they too would become vegan. My wish is that all the 'food deserts' in the USA get a chance to sample what we in NY & CA are so used to. Health is wealth!
#vegan
My office is right next door if you ever want to grab lunch!! (or breakfast - their croissants are unreal.)
I was at a conference in Philadelphia a few years ago and @vedgerestaurant blew my mind.
Thank you!
That Tumeric Cauliflower...
I just picked a carrot out of my organic garden and ate it. Including the greens! Love not having to worry about chemicals. Everyone deserves that.
Chrissy is my restaurant spirit guide @AlexMroz
@jeangeorges is the Man!
I thought the aim of being vegetarian was not to kill anything
That place is awesome!
BUT DID YOU HAVE FILET & VINE IN MONTGOMERY THO
Omg are you still running around with that baby inside you? Totally kidding. ABC V is legit!
You like that your husband is gay?
Is ADRENOCHROME a vegan delicacy? I'm asking for a friend...
All my days, I’m in NY for the first time next week and this has gone straight to the top of my to-eat list!!!!! 
did you have the hummus? 
I had top ramen
Mmmm that sounds so good.  I'm so hungry and a vegetarian haha
Last time I ate at the V I crushed it too
follow me please
What dish was your favorite?
BlackCat
Lol gawd. Last banquet veg dinner I had was some weird wrap with noodles and cabbage. Good for you!
@are_elle Add this to NYC food list!

Why are you in nyc the time I’m not I want to cry I just want you to adopt me
May I also recommend Le Verdure inside Eataly in 5th and 24th casually Italian vegetarian really fab
*NYC City
Dirt Candy is my fav vegetarian spot in NYC
You shook yet chrissy?

I thought we were crazy conspiracy theorists?
Where is Superman when you need him!?
@meredithbalkus you are taking me back there next weekend, rite??
@RonilM
It really is incredible. Can’t wait to go back.
ok but have you had the ricotta on grilled toast at ABC Kitchen? because i almost died it was so good.
But where did you eat in Montgomery?
Wish I could eat the best food like Chrissy, be able to still afford my bills,  and still look so dang amazing! I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t jealous haha. 
You have no idea how much you are doing for the chef or chefs! A simple tweet like this can accelerate a chefs career! Get them noticed! Thank you, I wish we saw this more!
SIS LET ME TELL YOU, one my favorite places in the city.
Ah, but since its vegetarian, they didn't kill anything 
Ugh so thrilled you’re in my city, hope you have a blast. You should try Bodai, it’s a vegetarian Chinese place that’s mind blowing. You never miss the meat.
Vegetarian cuisine can be absolutely amazing. I wish more people would give it a try instead of running away.
LOVE ABC!!!
Have you tried Plant Food + Wine in Venice yet? It’s obscenely delicious.
I wanna go to there!!
Marc it is LIFE CHANGING
There’s a Pure Food + Wine in NY is it the same or no?
Nope!
Can we go???
Yes! The owner also has a cafe in Culver City that I haven’t tried yet

Agreed!
I swear I’ve been meaning to tweet you to go visit us at abcV because I had a feelig you would like it, seeing this makes me so happy.
May I go with you next time? My favorite veggie is every veggie!! Also, I'm normal and nice.
Come to The Dining Room on Biltmore Estate where I work. Come because it's good food, but also cuz I want to meet someone famous.

why would you poke vegan twitter again after what you went through
Did you get any of their little beignets?I would walk from Texas to NYC for more of those.
Great, now I’ll never get a table there 
Have you been to red bamboo?? It's my go to vegan spot when I am back in NY. I dream about their collars green eggrolls and vegan wings. It's seriously so gooood!!!
Enough of your vegetable pushing agenda!
Love that place! try Bar Verde next.
We’re going
BUT!
You'd love seasoned vegan in NYC. #ifyoulikesoulfoodnall
'killed it' great word selection when discussing 'all vegetarian'
You don't find it a bit hypocritical to berate someone just for having different views than you? Not very 'tolerant' if you ask me

SEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!! You just have to be open and TRYYYYYY!
My absolute fave NYC restaurant. Yuuuuuum.
wait what is abc v and why hasn’t anyone told me!
Veggie heaven. And tell Stassi that Jon Snow from Game of Thrones hits it up when he’s in town.
Follow back please
My Fav I’ll be there Saturday for lunch
Hhaaaaa I’m pretty sure that’s @officialchilli’s favourite restaurant in NYC too! I’ve eaten there a few times - every single bite was incredible!
https://www.neonrevolt.com/2018/04/26/a-legend-exposed-a-renegade-in-the-killbox-and-the-sleeper-has-awakened-releasethetexts-qanon-newq-greatawakening/ …
Chrissy, where did you go to eat in Montgomery?! You didn’t update!!
@jenkelly24 !!!!!!
No spirit cookin blood?
One of the best restaurants, so glad you enjoyed it!!
LOVE ABCV!
Just went to make a reso and the time slots were literally FLYING AWAY before our eyes
My favorite restaurant! So glad it received the Chrissy seal of approval. I’ll be anxiously awaiting your vegetarian cookbook then!
Chrissy I highly recommend you try Nix, also all vegetarian and all flavor and in NYC. have a nice night
The fact that I've even heard of this place makes me feel
Please please consider a vegetarian cookbook 
Veggie cookbook please! 
Hey Chrissy girl! Can you recommend a vegan spot love??
Little miss meat over here making me feel like I need to try more veggie dishes, this week makes no sense it’s all a mess but it’s ok what ever here we are, I guess my hostess cupcake is at least vegetarian 
cool, thanks for the suggestion
I was just there on Saturday. The drinks are amazing too. Loved it.
sa7tein! In good health
Did you get a dosa?? 
I love that place!! @ABCKitchen
Please do an incredible vegetarian cookbook!
@chrissyteigen I would love for you to try the restaurant I cook for 
Can you tell JL to text Ye again? With message reading: STFU! Twitter can’t handle your “genius” any longer.
You probably won't see this...but if you do can you tell us what you ordered? Menu looks amazing.
Cannot wait to check this out!
Ok but where did you eat in Montgomery???
It’s my favorite! I’m so glad you enjoyed !
thanks for the invite... I live right around the corner
LOVE ABC V!
Gotta try Nix on University. Amazing veg/vegan restaurant. I didn't even miss the meat
Have to also add in my plea for a vegetarian/vegan cookbook. Esp by a non-vegetarian!
now go write ur vegetarian cookbook
That cauliflower...
I thought you were in Montgomery Alabama
Wait!  Did I miss something did you go vegetarian?  My #1 go to foodie?? I tried Vegetarian didn't make it past a week!  I'm a foodie and love my meat!!
Watch Earthlings, What The Health, Cowspiracy, Forks Over Knives, Peacable Kingdom. And please please consider having less animals on your plate 
 I wanna signed cookbook jeez
@cumberlandbluez
Details, I need details
We love a vegetarian queen 
You need to go to @vedgerestaurant in philly. It will make you go vegan. Top 10 best restaurant in philly
You should try Dirt Candy in NYC. Best vegetarian meal I’ve ever had!
Whoops wrong tweet thread lol hope you had a fab Dinner hon
A lot of the people ‘defending’ Kanye West’s right to free thought were the same ones shouting him down when he rapped about @taylorswift13 . Theyvaren’t glad he’s speaking freely. They are glad that he agrees with them. #kanyewest @chrissyteigen @johnlegend
Keep eaten Beast
Already Been Chewed Veggies
You lose all credibility hanging with criminal Hillary.
Had same reaction—excellent
Omg please write a vegetarian cookbook. I would be in heaven. 
@clairelychal we agree
Sound yummy maybe you can take me one day 
Chrissy I’m so glad I already have resos
What dish did you enjoy most @chrissyteigen & since you cook, will you try to duplicate it?
Make a vegan cravings book!
Try Nix, just a few blocks south - the best vegetarian -
Agreed! NIX is amazing too!!
@Kimzolciak @KimKardashian. Kim Jong Un.
Thank you for spreading the word. Always down to try new places in New York! 
If you’re still in NYC, Nix is also great and vegetarian.
Seconded love Nix
This tweet was too long — didn’t read the whole thing
have you heard of new restaurant Frenchette?
Uh oh that judge vegetarian lady who follows you is gonna be all up in this tweet.
One of my fave spots 
@iwant_froyo
Sounds awesome
@kristendoute here is a Vegan place in NYC if you guys come back here for #WWHL
@Jennygump11
@BuzzFeed’s Worth It had me drooling, and now you’re giving your seal of approval?! One day... 
@davidpcarnes3 sounds like our next team get together is here!

I thought the point of vegetarianism was _not_ killing it?
You gotta try Mh Zh in silver lake- it’s Israeli/Mediterranean, pretty much all vegetarian (there’s a steak and sometimes branzino on the menu) it is out of this world amazing and so beautiful!
@jeangeorges
But but what about Montgomery?! Did you eat? Were you starving? @malloryherman @phillymoody
#Illuminati #QAnon @DestroyIllusion
Take your pills
make a vegan/vegetarian cook book
what did u have?
@APaczki can we make a trip to go here?
Vegetarian food is delicious!
Yes! Thank You!! You killed it!!! That dish sounds super flavorful!!!
I guess I would be called an omnivore. I've thought about going vegetarian when I began paying attention 2 the FDA guidelines. Hooowever, I'm so damn paranoid  I figure...the soil is already tainted from Chem-trails what's the point? Why did u choose vegetarian?
How are trumps policies affecting people of color? Lowest African American unemployment brother!!! The lowest!!!! So where the f do you get your information from? Is getting jobs for black people not something you’re for? Should we keep them oppressed and on welfare?You’re a joke
Waiting for the “moments” section “Chrissy Teigen goes on rant about why vegan food is the best”
Speaking of great NYC vegetarian, there's @dirtcandy in the lower east side. I think it was one of the first/only vegetarian places to get 2-stars from the NYT
Great spot!
Geoff, are you vegetarian/vegan or just enjoy some veggie food as well?!
Chrissy! Come for some dessert. Soft serve + potato chips + apple crumbs + honey butter. Yes, this is real life. The baby would like it. 
YESSSSS. Jean-Georges DID that
Thought this was about Amy’s Baking Company for a hot sec. Still think about that Kitchen Nightmares epi every day.
You need a cooking show Chrissy! Come on @CookingChannel
yayyyy you gotta try bychloe and modern love in brooklyn
Chrissy you're making me hungry 
Will you bee in NYC next weekend? Can we hang out?
hey i’m in nyc too, let’s go to lunch but i can’t afford so can u pay
Pictures please
Yes! ABC V is the best!
Better than @AmysKitchen? Yea. It’s microwaveable. No. It’s not a restaurant. Leave it be.
Amy’s has been a god sent since one family member switched to vegetarian and I can’t always prep an extra meal for her.
Amy’s vegan Mac and cheese is the only vegan cheese I’ve found that is actually good.
Ok Chrissy. Who are my Browns picking number one?Mayfield or Darnold?????
“why are you denying your baby meat” - some rando on this site, probably
Her baby did eat meat
ugh i love McDonalds
Girl I had to slow down reading this, all the caps letters threw me
Actually, *pushes up glasses* if was vegetarian that means they DIDN'T kill it.

Don't worry, I will see myself out.
Your tweet > my tweet
chrissy teigen goes on shocking rant about food
@katie_e_sutton double date
The worth it guys on @BuzzFeed went there
Vegetarian??? Definitely going to try this.
