
Did we try putting Kanye in rice?
I’m guessing only white rice.

Maybe try turning off and on. See if it works then

Try being a decent person. 

Maybe have acceptance in your heart instead of HATE @chrissyteigen
You ruined the thread
How does Kanye only have two unread texts?
I'm assuming kanye isn't giving out his personal number to many people 
Or... no one likes him enough to text him.
Orrr he reads his texts and doesn’t care, what a crazy concept in 2018!
Don't ruin the fun
3G still exists???
hard to get good service in the sunken place

@JordanPeele @chelseaperetti 
Kanye seems to be cycling & needs his meds checked. Not saying that as a joke or judgement, as someone in mental health what little we see from the outside makes me think there is far worse happening inside. He appears manic & would benefit from checking in with his psych team.
Lmfao what makes you think he has any issues or takes meds?? Do you know him personally? Really not cool to throw around mental health around like it’s nothing.
He was in a psych facility for an extended inpatient treatment recently for a breakdown. He is well known to be taking meds and following routine psych care.
So you think its ok to dump on him ?!
Who dumped on him? He appears to need help. Dumping on him implies mocking, judging, shaming, disrespecting, etc. I certainly haven’t done that. None of that here.
You can judge him on his position but you do not know him. Point blank You have no evidence to support that he needs any medication he may or not be making checked. Saying that him saying something you don't like is due to mental illness is inherently shitting on the mentally ill
Wow, you have quite the imagination. No one ever said anything about any of his political views. This is behavior that he is displaying. And, he and his family have been open about his mental illness.
the whole topic is his recent tweets which were about his political views Karen. That's the behavior he's  displaying and you're commenting on. Nothing else.
As a pixel user this tweet speaks to me more than I am comfortable admitting
Saaaaaaaaaaaaame Google Pixel for LIIIIIFE
SAME
As a pixel user, I don't get the reference  someone explain pls?
It was iMessage then switched to green. So he ditched the iPhone and got an Android.
But the screenshot is from an iPhone X?
@johnlegend is using the pixel & the screenshot is from @kanyewest who is using iPhone X
Ah yes was out of the loop on JL and his Pixel. Thanks
Can I have John's number
Not for any weird reasons. Just like if he wants to squad up in Fortnite or something later
That's still weird
Hey happy birthday 
Thank you so much 
Happy birthday hun
Thank you 
John Legend is a better friend than Kanye West deserves.
@johnlegend is the kind of friend everyone needs. He's good people.
Really ? He’s telling his friend how to think and act
Don’t be so dramatic. Suggesting someone rethink their stance isn’t telling him how to think. It’s a suggestion and a plea, not a demand.
I’d expect my friends to call me out if I went off the deep end like Kanye has done here. That’s what friends are for and John Legend is very gentle in his concern.
Exactly. My friends are never this chill when I mess up. Though, I’m not prone to come back at them with manipulation accusations.
I guess he thinks John might be trying to gaslight him here. I can understand that even though I don't believe that's what it is at all. In a manic state, it can be hard to distinguish. It's encouraging that he recognizes his friend is speaking out of love though.
Just wondering if @kanyewest would have posted it if John Legend hadn't flattered him with the "greatest artist of our generation" part.
Oh dang, good point.
Green bubble for life
DON'T MAKE ME UNFOLLOW YOU TOO

It's ok boo I know you'll see the (blue) light one day
iPhone light is false light my guy
Green lights, Blue lights, White lights, all of the lights, all of the lights
Does John really think Kanye is the greatest artist of our generation?
Who do you think is?
Depends on genre. Not sure my thoughts on who is matter—was asking about John’s statement.
His opinion is just as valid as anyone else’s 
What on Earth are you talking about? Did I suggest somehow John’s opinion isn’t valid? Geeze.
Kanye once rapped that "he's ahead of his time, sometimes years out." So why is he running on 3G?
Cause he said the powers that be won’t let him get his ideas out...
Underrated tweet



"I have a new single out"  WE DON'T DESERVE JOHN LEGEND BUT I'M GRATEFUL WE GET TO WITNESS HIS EXISTENCE
“think with empathy and context too”
My fave part too. Beautiful sentence right there. Proud of John.
John Legend is such a gentlemen. Great man.
One could say he’s Legend-ary.
We didn’t deserve this comment.  So obvious ya so good.
God bless John. He tried. 
Who’s about to reach their data limit so they turned iMessage off?
John doesn’t have an iPhone
Anymore. You just explained the ad to me. Ha! The blue texts seen previously mean they used to both be iPhoners.
The only reason he’s a pixel user right now is because he’s being paid for it. Usually these contracts mean you have to use the phone for X number of months.
He also could actually just like the phone and want to get paid for it. Because it's actually ranked as one of the best phones out right now over the iPhone X. Do your research bud
It’s fine if you prefer the Pixel - my point still stands - the biggest reason he’s using the Pixel is because of a contract, whether he preferred it or not. No need to get defensive over a phone. Your insecurity is showing.
But that's just not true lol he can simply be using it because he enjoys it. I have 2 phones and I have a contractual obligation to use my pixel 2 for work but I genuinely prefer it over my Samsung lol just saying.
Do you not know how these contracts with celebrities work? You’re not a celebrity. Your contract with work isn’t the same thing. Usually when a spokesperson gets a contact to be in commercials for a company like Google, Samsung, Huawei, etc, they’re required to make it their —
Me: i’m just going to ignore this blown out of proportion, imaginary feud between Chrissy, John, Kim, and Kanye because it is horse sh*+.
Also me:
Oh my god I totally called this

Bless your husband for promoting his album
You’re the best person
"Let me add that I have a new single out"

Lmao yasssss Mr. Legend. Get dat promo.
I mean Kayne involving JL at this point...

Perfection
Omg I love that @johnlegend worked in a plug. Your man is a freethinker AND a quick-thinker. #Legend2020. You’d be the most hilarious, smart and sassy First Lady.
I truly can't believe anyone thinks he is the greatest of any generation. I heard a clip of him rapping at tmz today and he sounded like a drunk hillbilly. Biggie and Pac are rolling over in their graves. 
Different generations
do u get a bonus
3G???
Kanye left the plantation. He’s not coming back.

John is a class act and it's really tragic to watch a celebrity version of the Dunning-Kruger Effect play out in real time
John tried 
Damnit Chrissy 
your husband is Good
Smearing people isn't "Good".
I think his intentions are good but like the phenom West is pushing back on, misguided.
Where's he smearing anyone? I'll wait.
Thanks for waiting. I'm working here and just seeing your question that I'm sure is sincere.

Since you ask, John Legend is in the habit of saying Trump is a racist and so are his supporters. This is a smear. It's why he's urging West to not hold his own opinion.
Donny T spend 95% of his life smearing other people.
"So John Legend can, too".

That may be the way you captain your ship. I don't.
Is it a smear if it’s true?
The point is it's not true. So yes, it's a smear. 

John Legend wants to urge others to reflect on their opinions and change them. I urge him to reconsider his own.

Tell John to charge his phone,he’s at about 80%
It’s Kanye’s phone... his screen shot..”supposedly” that is.
“Let me add that I have a new single out” WATCH HIM GET THAT PROMO THO
I dont understand why Kanye gets such kid glove treatment by John & so many others. Is it cuz he's so fragile or do people really believe he's the genius he claims to be? I like some of his art but his blatant narcissism disgusts me him just like Trump's narcissism disgusts me.
I understand they are friends, but @johnlegend shouldn’t waste his time. @kanyewest is intelligent enough to understand how Trump and the Republican Party at large continue to fail people of colour! He’s clearly using this as a publicity stunt! You & John though are a class act!
Google execs like
chrisssssy save us from this mess
john has gained even more respect from me now, what a stand up dude
I just object to Kanye being called the greatest artist of our generation. Lady Gaga has made $100 million more than he has, even with his idiodic clothing line.
Those hooks from Madonna served her well...
@chrissyteigen and her stupid husband @johnlegend are finally being exposed as the hate filled mongers they are. Thanks @kanyewest #MAGA
Exactly
I love how @johnlegend reached out to him, trying to explain why so many people of color are feeling betrayed. John was respectful and real. Also very funny by the end. Too bad @kanyewest is too ignorant and arrogant to absorb what was said to him.
get your man back on iOS, sis...
3G?!
Put me in a group chat
That's blowing some smoke. John has more talent in his little finger than Kanye will ever have.
It was blue before. He must be off WiFi.

NEED TO KNOW INFO right here.
I know you and John have way too much class to really dog him but he's a POS who doesn't care about his fans. Mr "free thinker" should check HIS privilege and be intelligent enough to understand his nonsense trying to get press does have negative consequences. Johns way TOO kind
Guess you haven't read her nasty tweets. No class.
She says, very MAGAly
i feel like everyone is weirdly ok with these private texts being posted? did he have permission to put these on twitter??
While I do not agree with his thoughts on Trump, he has a right to them & to express them. Also, when you express thoughts/opinions in a public form you have to be aware that debate will happen & as long as it remains respectful, as this was, what's the problem?
Kanye doesn’t have LTE?
John sounds so intelligent, which he is.
SDJKFJSDKJFKSDJKGKJSDG
I love you @johnlegend & @chrissyteigen . I especially love John's approach and choices of words here. Good on you both
John Legend is a gift we don’t deserve.
Ur so wack
I think Kanye’s just mad that he’s still on 3G speeds
John> Kanye forever and always
This is the most elaborate and complex google pixel phone ad I have ever seen. TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
wait is THAT why the bubbles flipped from blue to green? this has been driving me crazy
Why does he only have 3G tho?
John has a droid?
You’re a damn treasure (you already know this but ya know)
You should follow @mhbergen, Chrissy.
Quick with the promotion @johnlegend!! I like your thinking lol
is it a good ad tho? everyone hates green bubbles
@BoTriplett @DJChristianMngl John Legend gets it too
Lol
Why do John legends text show up green....
Glad you’re asking the important questions here 
Why he on 3g tho?  Really need to get on that LTE @TMobile CAN HELP!
Mhmm  *HeatherS

Kanye’s only got 3G service?
@heyitsreginaa I’m crying 
Her last few tweets have me rollin 
That fool got 3g
Kanye =
He gets dumber over the years 
John...has an Android?
Girl, john got an android?
"think freely. with empathy & context"  genius
Not sassy just genuinely confused bc it looked like y’all have iPhones in the Duo ad?
Texting from 3G network = proof that @kanyewest and @johnlegend are either aliens or time travelers. 
Ok you’re awesome and you have captured so many people with your humor. But you have officially become my favorite woman. You’ve managed to look out for your husband and market both of y’alls material at the same time! With a sprinkle of humor.
You’re telling me Kanye has 3G reception?? 

I don’t trust anyone with a green bubble.
Soon these people will not be able to walk the streets. #Pedogate
#Qanon #MAGA #HaitiFraud #HopeForHaiti #ClintonCrimeFamily #HumanTrafficking #ThesePeopleAreSick #WeHaveItAll


Old friends
Kayne is definitely not the greatest artist of this generation. Hands down. Don't @ me I can name 50 better artists right now and I know you can too
Kanye on 3G? 
Whole time I thought my service was shit
He got an android... that explains it 
so in this complex tweet we have an ad for #Pixel & John & Kanye's new music. Future of advertising. Where is the KKW ref
@Jamieinthemedia 
Yes, all the green bubbles.
I love John for this.
Why is Kanye West on 3G like some peasant.
@ComedyCentral is airing a 7 year old roast of Trump as we speak.

A lot of the jokes are eerily foreshadowing of a lot of our constant 

The show has cut to you and John enjoying yourselves a few times so far. If only there was some way to go back in time and warn all of you. 
Saying Google pixel phone is like saying apple macbook laptop computer
Chrissy is actually the funniest one on twitter
Y u scared of @RealCandaceO afraid to get shut down
@dkandeezy lololol
Love you but morals rise above loyalty

If John Legend didn’t dickride liberals and be on the whole anti trump wave y’all would’ve been cancelled him for having a white wife
The sheer audacity! Soon he will be manipulating the young minds who admire him into thinking what Trump does is right!? The way he makes POC suffer! But Kanye doesn’t give a shit about that, because he is rich and can do whatever he likes!! You have let many people down Kanye!
Uounare disgusting @chrissyteigen 

YOU CANT SHAME @kanyewest 

Unlike YOUR husband??? He has BALLS!!!!
@madebygoogle wya?
Is Kanye rocking 3g??
I snort laughed.

Your husband is a good man. And you are a great woman. Thanks for setting good examples.
Chrissy I know they're your friends but you and John are way too good for Kanye and Kim, that's for sure
This really brought the lyric “your homies lookin’ like why God” full circle for me #YouCantTellYeNothing
Don’t let this text distract you from 3G on the top of that phone
Never change 
@chrissyteigen what’s up with that 3G though? #timetoupgrade
@emotionalpimp hahaha

Welcome to the Q show. You have made #ThesePeopleAreSick list! Now ALL of your Pedo tweets make sense. We See You! Those loudest are the guiltiest! Why did your plane turn around? #Haiti #HopeForHaiti  #HumanTrafficking #ClintonFoundation #ClintonCrimeFamily
You deflecting with humor is a tool of deflection, gaslighting, and being complicit.
#BeLikeJohn
#kanyetakeyourmeds
John Legend has a new single out?
So, it’s a joke?
@kanyewest Can you mentor my brother, veteran, free thinker who’s in a bit of a depression? He could use a mentor with an open mind and heart
The worst part of all of this is the green bubble texts....
This is what high intelligence without education looks like.
Your husband has a beautiful heart - I hope Kayne realizes this
Hilarious
Why is @johnlegend running on 3G network
Omg
Kanye is definitely in the sunken place
But thank goodness someone finally taught him how to screenshot!
Mr. West please take your medication
Sounds like @kanye needs a snack bar.
I jizzed reading it twice
@JLocklear23 I go to lunch and all this happens...
@awkwardlycray idk what to say
@_leoniejenkins @MeganLouiseGard
Love your family! Kanye is struggling in more ways than we may ever know.
This is the slickest plug I’ve ever seen  well played John!!
No way is he the greatest artist of our generation.  No fucking way.
I'm finished.
Still shorter than “the Defiant Ones”. Longest Apple ad ever.
LMAO
It made me want to download John's new single right now!
I keep thinking: Kanye sounds like the teacher in Donnie Darko, trying to teach that everything is based in love and fear and it’s like, no... it’s more complex than that.
Lmao cx
@kanyewest outclassed your husband
@johnlegend @kanyewest i love how john speaks his mind. I love how passionate he is about everything in the world today.
Lol. You are the reigning twitter queens *bows down*
Aww shit he’s up now...here we go again
lmaoo.
Ewww…green text bubbles. Who ARE those people?!
LMFAOOO I LOVE YOU
where is it on soundcloud tho
*snort-chuckle*
Thanks for being the levity in these dark times.
Dark times? For someone having political differences they won't back down from? LOL
Do you feel better for hitting reply and tweeting me this? Honest question. Has it added anything to your day?
I was asking you a question, hoping for an answer...
You and I both know you weren’t asking in earnest. 

This isn’t cat and mouse. Maybe you’ll think about the two questions I’ve asked you, maybe you won’t. And that’s alright.
Lol #TriggerALiberalIn4Words
@Ferniesaurus
@plsgata green message for life

@m_colivas
Shameless plug  @tygabap
Well, now Trumps re-election campaign is using Kanye in their new fundraising email. It’s sickening. Vomit 
@bexangell
I have SOOOOO many thoughts on this that we must discuss at our next Intellectially Curious meeting.
He could have left out the "greatest artist of our generation"...

It's an opinion though, so I respect it. 

Btw, I post this from a Pixel 2 XL. 
It's a wrap ladies and gentleman that Kardashian curse is official tissue.  Dam yeezy
It is SEXIST to blame a woman for a mans actions. Kim is a Clinton supporter. That has nothing to do with kanye at all.
I’m not quite sure how you go from accusing someone of being manipulative to telling them that you love them.
I think it's related to him not being ok.
Whay do you mean?
Cos Kanye has an iPhone 10 lmao
Nah it’s cos John is in a bunch of google ads atm and he’s being rational and stuff
I'd be reconsidering my friendship with Kanye if I were you.  Oh well, after an evening of full on narcissism with Kanye, thank God you have a sweet, smart, loving husband to decompress with.
You are both cruel and very wrong. Why post his dm. BC you want to humiliate him.
I’m gonna take a stab at the convo during dinner with @kanyewest and say that all of this twitter nonsense is research for his new project. He’s trying to bring out the worst in each side to prove a point...
He’s such a nut...this alone should have ruined him professionally.
@kanyewest and it’s on 3G? That’s like the coverage u get in a cave. Time to upgrade ur carrier to 2018!
I don’t understand this
You are funnyyyyyyyy
Is this meant as a put down or JUST a joke. Bottom line your either "REAL " friends with them or your are NOT! Support each other NOT THEIR PERSONAL OPINIONS.
Greatest artist of our generation? I don't lie to my friends when they are off base
Greatest artist .... what???
Big bully @johnlegend speaking on behalf of @kanyewest’s fans.
3G? 
Google pixel phones are literally the best though. So I'm cool with it. #sentwithpixel
@johnlegend is a master at telling someone off without them getting offended. He must be an amazing dad during tantrums! @kanyewest sounds like he has been up Kate at night watching right wing conspiracy videos ‘to manipulate my free thought’...
What more proof is there that Pixel users (and Android in general) can be together and not the same. We love everyone... even our eccentric friends who insist on using an iPhone to wax poetic. #riseabovehate
When you think you’re a deity but you only have 3g...

TRISTAN JUST SCORED!
Sorry Chrissy Teigen didn’t mean to tweet that at you
