Love you chrissy 
Love you guys!!!!
Where Kanye Kardashian at?
Still tweeting... 
I'm just gonna leave this here... 
The real reason Kanye is wearing his red cap! 

Sound ON! 
Lol it’s true.
Lol, all of it! 
Lot to unpack here
We’re just ordinary people


“Bro why did you leak our convo”
Live scenes of John and Kanye arguing at the dinner table
Tell John to take a picture of Kanye with flash to get him out of the sunken place!
JOEL OMG

Beautiful. 
You know Kanye is totally sexting Trump
All Kanye had to do was release a song where he said "poopy doody whoop scoop (poop poop)" and he's instantly forgiven for his sins.

Man, I honestly kind of love 2018 even if it's horrible and terrifying.
This has probably been planned long before the recent Twitter events and the two couples are friends. This isn't an endorsement. Chill out dude. It's a baby shower ffs
Hmmm! And all he did was crack a joke!
And all she did was miss the joke.
Tell Kanye to put the phone down
omfg

I love this gif, it never gets old! Cutest funniest face!! 
 I agree!!
Kanye tweeting in the background. 
KIM SAID NO PHONES!! 
PUT YOUR PHONE DOWN KANYE!
John rolling up on kanye like why you leak out text
I think you're funny. I love your witty tweets. @johnlegend is amazing. Your friends though...
I hope in the background that's john telling kanye to stop fuckin TWEETING lmao
You’re not raping and killing kids for your Lucifer cult again are you? 

#pedogate #pizzagate #qanon
Kanye is probably tweeting everything John is saying to him
Look at all that thought manipulation happening
so famous people just like do all the same stuff we do except inside multi-million dollar homes and with much better fashion? interesting
I can't be that fake...smh...
Love this photo: Everyone is captured perfectly. Waffle House 2017.
It's like you live on a different planet. An AWESOME planet, but nothing like anything I've experienced or ever will. Weird.
So juicy 
OMG I love the term “juicy.”
My invite must have gotten lost in the mail
Will you pay for my boobs to get cut off
blink if you need help i live in la
Bruh you ain’t see that google ad
Wait are y’all making America great again lmao 
I wanna eavesdrop on this conversation so damn bad
I just wanna know what that sheep was
Nvm chrissy just out here riding a sheep the costs more than a house
You're such a hypocrite, Christine. You lash out at any Trump supporters, which I don't mind, but when it comes to your "friends", you're like agree to disagree? Screw off.
i thought you ladies said no phones 
Why doesn’t John have hands?
Someone take Kanye’s phone away from him please.
Congrats! Whatcha craving for food right now though?
I thought there was no phones tonight!!
Surprise is the fact you guys can STOMACH Kanye Kardashian! I guess when you have all the money in the world and don’t have to live like the rest of us schmucks that made you wealthy, and have to work to make a QUARTER of what you do in a years time.....you can look the other way
*sees pink jacket* Hi John
Why is your husband @johnlegend and @kanyewest wearing shoes in your house?
#RichPeopleTingz
WHY ARE YOU STILL FRIENDS WITH KIM AND KANYE?! One enables the other who supports a bigot and the other is encouraging a bigot to keep being a bigot?!
Lmao Kanye tweeting with John right there 

hard pass
Is that those Kardashian idiots? Hard pass.
Kanye is texting Trump while John tries to reason with him... Time for new meds Kanye. Congratulations @chrissyteigen
I hope that is a luxurious blue silk robe you just happened to be lounging in beforehand
Kanye in the back thinking of a tweet
what kind of cake(s) did you have at the shower? they look amazing 
God damn Kanye is little
He's slumped down.
And he's further away in the photo making him appear smaller. Any other intuitive assessments?
Quick Google search: Kanye 5'8 JL 5'9. You are probably a blast at parties
I'm obviously funnier than you. So yes I'd say I am haha
I wasn't trying to be funny. So your bar is not very high lol
You were trying to be informative/white Knight. Which to me, is hilarious
Everyone talking about Kanye in the background but WHERE ARE JOHN’S HANDS
How much did John have to eat ?
Chrissy shines being her natural smiling self.
I thought @KimKardashian said "no phones".  Someone didn't get the memo.
yeah i’ll say 
I don’t normally kee kee with folks that co-sign harmful acts but carry on
Chrissy! I see that glow 
Notice Kanye in the back live tweeting everything John is saying to him.
How is it a surprise? Does she know she’s having a baby?
Why am I so uncomfortable? .....Everything is fine. Everything is fine. Everything is fine.
I recognize one woman in this photo 
What's the enabler @KimKardashian doing at your party?  Trash like her and her husband should always be outside.
Is that @johnlegend talkin to @kanyewest??
Anyone wanna place bets on how quickly someone at Buzzfeed writes something about this picture? Dibs on 30min
@sarmennell @KaitlynPoyer
I guess phones WERE allowed
Haha 
Come to yoga in the morning?
I have a hair appointment :(
I’m drinking wine so let’s see how this goes?
God speed woman
I can see Kanye back there tweeting to us 
Je veux correspondre avec toi
I love Kanye’s blonde hair trying to mimic his master Trump
Since when do men attend baby showers
Did you find out how much the sheep art you sat on cost? Also how was the cake?
Gross. Kim K looks like Morticia Addams but not in a good way.
A  BLESSING  FROM  FATHER  GOD
You look insanely cute!
@johnlegend do us all a favor and grab his phone and run!
Damn. I can see how terrible Kanye’s shoes are even in the background of a low def photo seemingly captured with a potato.
@RealCandaceO is fuming right now  Divisive hate mongering trolls will always be on the outside looking in.
John in the back still trying to get through  what a gem of a man!
Is kanye tweeting

At first I was like, she's wearing blue, it's a boy. But then I think I saw John in the back with a pink jacket

Chrissy u cute as a button
A lot of plastic surgery.
Love @chrissyteigen so much but the first thing I saw in this pic was @johnlegend trying to have a civil convo with @kanyewest and Kanye was on his phone paying no mind to John. My heart broke a little bit just now.
Is he tweeting in the back? Omg Ye there was literally only one rule
@johnlegend & @chrissyteigen are saints on this earth. Kanye and Kim owe them big time & are blessed to have such amazing friends.
Is that Kanye in the back with his phone out??
Could all this just be a crazy way for them both to promote their new albums?  Have we been taken to dupe city?
Look at Kanye tweeting
please tell me john was walking towards kanye bc he was gon punch him
Hey, look behind you! @johnlegend is talking to someone who has a phone!!!
Oh no what happened to your friends eye?
Ask kim whats goin on with kanye plz
Fetus shower...right?
Ye and John casually in the back
SCOOPITY POOP REMIX FEATURING JOHN LEGEND IN THE BACKGROUND Y’ALL
I guess @TomiLahren invite got lost in the mail
Is that Kanye and John? Is Kanye’s melt down just attention for his new music?? Tea
No phones!
it’s my birthday, can you & Kim wish me a happy birthday?? 
Why am I not invited to this party! Seems fun
@LizCrokin @jamiedlux @Fulcrum__News @antischool_ftw @carolyn_limaco @1Munder @ImperatorTruth @therealroseanne
@seanhannity @TuckerCarlson
are John & Kanye are picking @FanDuel lineups for tonight’s NBA playoffs?!
Obviously! What else could they be doing?
Truer words never spoken
@2thickGi just look at it jeeeeeez
Lmaooo this is actually a good picture. I’ve seen it look crazyyyyyyy. Like jigsaw 
Gloraaaaayyyy

This is how grown ups behave loving it
Crazy how everyone is wearing their shoes in the house. Wtf? Take them off you’re tracking dirt in the house
Have a blast
Great
Congratulation
Hello
Bonjour
Sorry Chrissy I adore you, Luna and John! I don’t mean to shit on your twitter about you know who
Really
Holy shitty mixed messages, Batman!
15 cameras follow them. How big a "Suprise" was it really?
Who cares?
I thought no phones

Chrissy ... you are adorable!

Surprise baby shower......Oh is that what the Kanye song was? A gift for your baby? It was meant to be a silly song for the kids to laugh at? Ok. That makes sense. I was so confused before, but glad I’m in on the joke now.
Congratulations
Where's Cardi B?
Is that Kim z with you?
Was @Kimzolciak invited?!
So disappointed in Kimye. I have watched that family since their first show. Now she’s selling her body and he’s lost his mind.  You and your  husband are humble decent human beings! You should do reality 
Nothing to see here!
Is the shower the surprise or the baby? 
Like Kanye tweeting in the back
You’re so beautifu Chrissy! Keep speaking the truth! 
This is hard to watch.
You and John seem like such quality people, why you hanging out with Vapid and Vacuous Kardashian-Wests. I see a disconnect.
Love it Christine!
LOL, oh boy!
You ppl are gross especially your man.

Omg wow.
Yep. Look at Kanye in the background texting
Life is too short, to not treat all with dignity and respect 
Not the Kartrashians. They are detrimental to the culture. Between their appropriation and destruction of Black men! #justsayno
They are all sick.
the most hated people in america on this pic
Oh to be a fly on the wall.
Where’s @Kimzolciak ??? 
you see Kanye in the back on phone
Looking so natural and beautiful
Haha...I bet!!!
Hope it's not another moon ritual child 
How do you NOT know Kim threw this together last minute? By the sight of it, she planned it in under a day. She dressed like she was taking the dog out for a walk. I would never want to be famous. TOO MANY VAMPIRES.
First of all, surprise is synonymous with impromptu. Meaning @KimKardashian planned a damage control publicity stunt "baby shower". Also, your proximity to this simmering sh*tpile (Kim) is affecting your possible relationship with @Beyonce . Not to mention Jon w/ Jay. Shit trade
Lol
Eww, it's Kim!! Yuk!
I just enjoy your beauty
Awwwww 
cute family
Too much!
Oh no Kanye’s on his phone back there John stop him stop him!!
I can’t help read into this photo as Kim saying - hey Trumpers you’re just fine, now give us your money! Hey liberals, look Chrissy Teigen and John legend are ok with us too, so you also keep giving us your money! The only saving grace here is the word “surprise”. Some bs.

God you’re ugly.
Heyyyy! Congratulations!
I really like you but I want you to know this friendship is in fact rooted in publicity stunts and Star validation.
@Kimzolciak  where you invited? such best friends and all
Chrissy I still pissed off at #Kanye! Its gonna take me a minute to forgive his ass!
Yeah this is not good or funny anymore, at all.
#1. Congrats
#2. Hope that is John in the background taking Kayne's phone away. Friends don't tweet private convos out to the public (unless they have an album to sell )
This is like a renaissance painting.
You can see @johnlegend in the back desperately trying to save Kanye's soul

He really is Jesus.
Klan-ye West in the background showing off his new Trump propaganda.
The #Pedovore crew with a woke @kanyewest interesting. At a baby shower non the less. WOW
#MAGA
Shoes in the house?
Yup, definitely more value out of your giant mole perfume
Get it, Chrissy!  This pic is a perfect way to close the week!
Wtf is John wearing.
Yeezy in the back tweeting with the small fisted egomaniacal orange dude in the White House
Is that Arthur?
There relationship is interesting. Clearly its well managed. Trump & Christy had a tweeter war, shes good friends with Kim whose husband supports trump.
Did Kanya piss off Kim & get the little guy a #MAGA onesie?
You are glowingly beautiful!!! Your company=ewwwwww
Either John is huge or Kanye is small.  Either way I feel like I’m seeing an optical illusion or some shit
