What did Kim get you
@KimKardashian what did you get her
Thank god someone’s asking the real important questions here
Literally the first thing I thought about when i saw the pic
You may have invited the wrong Kim...
Underrated tweet
That baby’s first words gonna be Kim Jong Un
Moon would be better 
is it kayne? i feel like kanye is leading the discussion
Really going out on a limb there.
So Kanye was there? 
He's in the background with John
It’s 2038, I’m cooking bacon outside my RV, my grand daughter pulls up, its my 70th birthday, “Happy birthday grandma!” She hands me a book titled, @chrissyteigen, The Twitter Years “I know u loved Twitter back when, thought you would like this” she says. I smile & hug the book.
Oh... I think my invite got lost in the mail. 
Kanye West talking about what's going on in North and South Korea, while in East LA
At least it was passionate. Anything less would have just been in poor taste.
That was @johnlegend, wasn’t it
“Aww this is so cute I lov-“ kanye interrupts with foreign policies
Don’t forget to thank your @POTUS ! #NorthKorea 
I'm an international law academic. What you're describing is basically *all* of my parties.
I waited on 3 old ladies trying to talk about Meek tonight and it was adorable.
I wonder why people think old people are cute, adorable, etc. We’re really just old people that were once young like you. We haven’t changed that much, just got older and no were not cute, adorable or any other infantile adjective you label us.
aww you're mad that soo adorable 
a baby drizzle
Im just gonna place this here bc we dont deserve Chrissy
Kanye at it again, incorrigible!
all I know is someone thinks he's being treated really really unfairly and that it's really really unfair that George Washington never took care of the NK problem and dumped it in his lap, so now -- instead of playing golf 24/7 -- he has to take care of this. So unfair. Party on.
Is it john and kanye
It has to be 
did you just leak the baby's name?
I mean, how can mothers not give a fuck about foreign policy when their babies, and babies around the world, are at risk? What is more mama-like than that?
Welcome to my baby shower in South Korea
#expatlife
What was on the menu is all I wanna know I know it was something fire
Ain’t no party like a discourse party.
enjoyable?
I’m in Korea right now and when I heard that the war was coming to an end I was slightly drunk and I cried.
Kanye at it again I see
When you start audibly hearing Twitter...
honestly what’s a Twitter account if you don’t use it to passive-aggressively shame your party guests in front of 10 million people ;)
@desarae32 sooo.. tomorrow we discuss?
I’ll be sure to brush up on my knowledge of North Korea
@Jillianrose_94 I’ll be sure to have my notecards with talking points 
As long as Kim Jong Un doesn’t read your tweet, and send you an ill fitting black suit in miniature for the baby 
Someone else that has the news on as background noise. My TV is usually on and @MSNBC is on a good majority of the time. Happy Baby Shower!
Me too! Lol
Please periscope
Shoulda kicked Kanye out of there
My last baby shower we had bbq and played Cards Against Humanity
At my wife's we had a passionate discussion about the possibility of property tax increases. Still made the day.
@rshell_
Sounds like baby will grow up in a home filled with knowledge, continuous learning, healthy debate - and an ability to understand you don’t have to limit your circle to only those who think exactly like you do. Baby shower is setting a pretty good path if you ask me.
Hope Kanye didn't shower baby Legend with a MAGA hats.
Um were you at our baby shower? This literally happened. That, and our teacher aunt explaining why she didn't want an AR15 in her classroom 
 people are so inappropriate these days, the focus was supposed to be on the baby and mother.
I hope to god they are discussing the jogging bodyguards I'm obsessed with them
I attended a baby shower where half the guests were watching the mom-to-be open gifts and the other half were watching a white bronco being slowly pursued by police.
Which half were you apart of?
@HairBlogan I was watching your mom open gifts!
What I shame, I would have been watching the TV
Haha, too bad you were stuck in your mom's belly on the gift opening side. 
North Korea. Of course! #bladesofglory
Awww 
That's a baby shower I'd actually go to.
Crotchless panties and ICBMs go together like pork butt and apple sauce.
There should be a loud discussion about what a danger Donald trump is, make sure to talk directly into Kim’s ass!
@Andrea_key20 
Kanye expounding on North Korea would probably make me go into labor.
If I ever have one, I’m going to need you to pull up. 
What a time to be alive
I was at a bridal shower today, & at one point the conversation around my end of the table devolved into one about pygmy goats. 
I bet Kim had a lot of insight on the topic 
Sounds like something that would occur at my family baby shower
Congrats on your shower.  I'm sure it was awesome!
It’s not funny anymore or cute. Our democracy is at stake it’s that serious. I love what you and John stand for but I’m over the Kardashian-Jenner-Kanye mess. Kanye is not clever using Trump to stir it up to drop some music #overit
Passionate probably means Ye was screaming at the top of his lungs having his Gemini moment.
Just had my surprise baby shower today too!
i’m willing to bet it was kanye and john smh
Did you have fun hanging out with Klan-ye?
Stay woke girlfriend!  
My reality has always been to protect and defend. Unfortunately when @GeraldoRivera compromised our theater of operation in Iraq, plans changed and obviously our efforts paid off. You still have Social Media sites to entertain you. Carry on girlfriend.
@_itsdanieee
I'm sure you spoke about how Trump was instrumental to it happening...
Awww. Precious.
At my cousin Dabney’s bachelor party we discussed shitting.
Honestly, that’s a baby shower I would actually look forward to attending 

@gazorpazorpM
I'm liking you less and less, Chrissy. You only argue with people who are not your friends. #Hypocrisy
That is when you know you've surrounded yourself with quality friends.
Go listen in and learn something
Mine was Vietnam war protest's. The beat goes on. 
Was it him? Is he there?
Is there also talk about Kanye and Trump? Because that makes it official
 screaming

Almost #MuellerTime and we can get NK out of our baby showers!
You are stunning if not as funny more so. My favorite celebrity follow. Thank you!
I hope someone there is checking Twitter and sees this so they can get a clue and clam it. THIS IS YOU TIME.
Ok but what about the Trump discussion at that baby shower...?
A really Latin baby shower because people are screaming and singing all over you opening gifts b/c of being drunk
She speak the truth
Yesir.
Lol. Hope you had a great day darling.  Xxxx
Kanye telling JOHN about the accomplishment???
I think we all need to learn to turn it all off for awhile.  Post no politics at the door, though a concerned discussion about Ryan firing God might have been legit.
Bahahahaha

To be a fly on the wall at your shower....!
SMH.  Kanye is at it again

LOL
Or the bromance from Trump! 
Maybe they were talking about that other North K.?
My baby shower is in June. Can’t wait to see what fresh hell awaits us in the news cycle to discuss as I open a gift containing nipple cream.
Well I’d love to hear their views on the Middle Eastern issues
considering you have the ear of legit influential people this is 100% not funny
You 1St child is beautiful.   I know your second will be just as beautiful
Politicizing everything was a bad idea cc intersectional relativist progressivism
It’s otherwise an intimate celebration with close friends and family.
You cant choose your family but you CAN choose your friends 
We live in this vacuum where EVERYTHING EVERYWHERE leads to yet another argument....
Ahh. These times were are living in.
Come on Chriss. Don't be dumb

Was that before or after the cake?
You made me laugh out loud in Starbucks. One of those LOUD HAAAAAAAAA's  that makes everyone turn and look at you, and then they think you're mental.  The only way it could've been worse is if I had followed it up with a snort, which you usually make me do. 
Here’s a gif of Chrissy Teigen cringing about a story told by Chrissy Teigen.
Boring
Ya think
@StormyDaniels did #DraftDodgeDon teabag you?
I think you're freaking hysterical and I steal your jokes
Tis the times we live in.  LOL

Yuk! Not during the happy times please. Congrats to you and hubby on the baby!  
Congratulations! I'm sure you'll have another gorgeous baby like Luna! Can't wait to hear new name.
Record for your childs future. Who else can make that statement?
This is why you don’t invite men to baby showers. 
And about how Trump did such an amazing fucking job and did what no president, (not even your god Obama) could do in years.
A boring one, indeed.

@MariEccles
:(
I spat my drink

Seems kinda sad that after all that you kinda got screwed with this BS. Having these people hosting your baby shower. Yall are really good people.
LOL!
What kind of gifts did you get?  I love everything to do with babies!!
Baby shower games are so weird...  
Like how theyre keeping innocent civilians in torture labor camps, giving the country no electricity, and it’s basically an authoritarian dictatorship?
I love how a Hollywood liberal gets a chance to listen to real world shit
LMAO!

@Alee_H28 @luly_guia
Pretty sure Kim K wasn’t discussing world politics 
Is KanyeAnne in attendance?


A normal one
...What happens when Kanye is at your shower 
I thought you would be elated by this accomplishment. What happened to our CLASSIFIED DATABASE? @HillaryClinton

Well.. maybe you'll learn something.  More to the world then #Fablife. 1% of USA live like you.. What are doing to GIVE BACK!! LET ME GUESS NOTHING! !.
Did you all talk about how effective @realDonaldTrump's maximum pressure campaign has been? You probably all agree he deserves a nobel piece prize...I'm glad were all getting along now!
Baby showers are for 1st baby not for every kid you have ladies. And throwing your OWN shower? A Lil sad.
Oh Lord... that's like being around my family. I am burned out on politics right now.  I would rather be in solitary confinement.

any recipes tho?
The baby’s first words will be “kim jong un”
Very 2018!


Why was he even invited????
Gurl, did Kanye crash your party, or was it Dennis Rodman?
Ahaha what?!
I’m having a baby shower in SOUTH Korea. Not relevant but I’m inserting myself somehow 
Baby is thinking "I'm staying in here."
Kid will not be self-absorbed and see a world outside its own, hopefully 
My family to a t! But just casual dinner talk
All down to your mate Trump you should be saying thanks
I need to hang out in these type of circles, dude!
These are harrowing Times and so much is coming at us so quickly
I have no idea what your talking about (  ) but that whole DMZ could really do with some ZenGarden interference. #justsaying
 I’m telling you 



Christmas?
The perils of North Koreans are nothing compared to having to hear about birthing stories. So I’d take this baby shower any day of the week. Tysm
Kanye can’t shut up?
Or having your mother bring your husbands ex as her guest to your baby shower.  My aunts wanted to beat her 
Dumb provoked comment!!
True. ;)

So, are you trying to say, someone in the room was sucking up all the oxygen? Not nice to do to a pregnant momma.
Thank you for bringing levity during these times your tweets should be in the Smithsonian
Congratulations @chrissyteigen on your Baby Shower
Ah traditions.

* @kanyewest
announces,
to the shock
of no one,
HIS plan 4
dealing w/KJU's
bluster*

(*as per @dennisrodman)

#NorthKorea 
#ChrissysCrayCrayBabyDay 
#DiplomaSee
Not an aware one... that’s for sure lol
it's a baby shower
* @kanyewest 
interrupts @chrissyteigen 's
baby~shower w/ "thoughts"
on #NorthKorea *

*Chrissy shrieks back
in HORROR at KW's
lack of decorum!*
 #ImmaLetUFinishGivinBirth
Love you Chrissy!

#KimJongUn #bodyguard #bodyguards #NorthKorea #SouthKorea #KoreaSummit #KoreanWar #KoreanUpdates #koreandrama #Korean #MercedesBenz #Limousin #MoonJaeIn #FridayFeeling #Friday …
R u pregart?
