Beware of fake versions though, It took me 5 episodes to figure out 'Handmaid's Tail' is a totally different show
I need this entire season to come out immediately.
Haha... imagine... Arf-fred?
Shhh, Offjohn. They might hear you.
It would be Ofjohn. You are of your commander. But still, this was a great comment.
Dangit you are totally right. *silently weeps for an edit button*
I cry for one, too
I called Melania OfCheeto, the other day and almost peed laughing. "UNDER HIS LIE!"

I might actually have to watch this show... you seem to have acceptable taste...
The novel is horrifying but a great read.  The author did meticulous research and did not include anything that did not really happen at dome point in history in some society.  That part is hard to swallow.
Maybe I’ll do that first... I’ve been looking for a good read, anyway...
The show is much better than the book which is rare.
I have to agree.  The acting, the editing...everything.   I prefer to watch with the lights out to capture all the detail.
Blessed be the fruit... but not the tree that bears it.

(This season's a doozy, sister.)
Hulu isn't playing either. I barely survived June. Those first 10 minutes... 
I already watched both episodes and now I'm having withdrawls.
Blessed be this tweet.  #ResistSister
 #MAIDEZ #ofkens #HandmaidsTale
New characters this season!

Ofdonald
Yes, but I liked how Oftrump rolls off the tongue.
Well, I just wish we can all be off Trump soon!
Love this show! It’s like an addicting nightmare
this is so accurate
Soon to be a documentary series.
wow truly the perfect show to watch after getting my iud replaced today
Is it really as good as everyone says it is?!
Yes. Yes. One hundred times yes.
Under his eye.  I’m watching but it’s depressing the hell out of me.
how TF can you watch that while pregnant???
Not gonna lie, this show is terrifying but I can’t stop watching.
Truth.
I want to watch this show, but I am worried that it would make me angrier than I already am- and that would be a very bad thing.
Yes. It would make you angrier.
First episode made me want to throw up, shit myself, scream and rejoice all in 50 minutes.
My son's ready.
Yes, blessed be the fruit! 
I'm obsessed with it like fish tacos...that shit so I'm ready for episode 3 right now.
May the lord open 
@emilysNOTmanley I am equally terrified and ecstatic
Literally same I don't know what to dooooop
UNDER HIS EYEEEEEEEEEEE
There’s a new book coming out called #Vox and I’m reading an advance copy it’s very ‘Handmaids Tale’ it’s fab #100words @CVDalcher
Thank you, Jules! Best words a writer could hope for! Now if only I can get my prose to be as beautiful as @MargaretAtwood's, but I fear that would necessitate another lifetime.
Can you share your Hulu account with me so I can watch it too?
May the Lord open
@DutchessCharly  AHHHHHHHH I KNOW WHAT WERE DOING THIS WEEKEND
Sorry riss didn’t mean to tag you 
@emayyy916 @michifaust you guys should binge watch with Chrissy!! Lol
YES! Hahaha
I love you 1000% more because of this tweet
The first episode was SO stinkin’ intense and I was on the edge of my seat. Oh, I missed it so!
One of the creepiest shows I’ve ever watched. Yet, I can’t look away.
Shit. This means I have to take a hiatus from my soul crushing marathon of Greys.
@floraritchiee @lauzmcewan
under his eye
@thatsmrshodges
OMG OMG
@BransonLeeAddin see I told u this show is fire 
May the lord open
Under his eye
May the Lord open Ms. Teigen. Cuz we're gonna need him. This stuff is crazy
Oh man. My poor family is going to miss me!!!
The first 2 episodes were EVERYTHING
UNDER HIS EYE
@MackPooley okay forget CNA school and finish your show tonight
it’s only the first episode  they release them weekly
Dang what the heck it’s like game of thrones..sorry Mack pay attention to school then don’t listen to me 
it makes me wonder if some Republicans see this as a guidebook of how to run the country.
YAAAASSSS
Ugh her being a Scientologist, tho
Wait, what?!

NOOOOOO
Ikr 
Elizabeth Moss is a big ol Scientologist.
I tried to keep watching after I found out, but I couldn’t; it made me sick, learning that if a member rapes someone, other members defend them and call their victims liars, etc.
Such a fucking bummer.
This is why I love her..@hannahdeerling
I’m so ready to watch it!
May the lord open
@EllieGifford_X erm
Never.
@sarah_cov

@AmeliaFeehily fuck omg
Who what where when why
@LaxGod21 we got to start it up again babe!
I remember it! It was such a good show for the few episodes we saw lol
I’m both excited and nervous 
My exact feelings! Show has my nerves bad and I haven’t even began season 2 yet.
@oliviadenyer_
HAHAH chrissy don’t remind me about handmaid’s tale pls i don’t wanna think about it
@umkailey crappp we gotta hurry up
three episodes till I’m done w this season omg omg
I reeeally want to see this show. Should I get hulu just for this one show?
@StacersPower 
Praise be .... 
@natlhong
chrissy knows 
It was so GOOD last nite. Can't wait for more! #HandmaidsTale
Was just about to tag u

My wife was the first episode all like
MAY THE LORD OPEN!!! also bless you for this tweet- literally made my day 
I'vebeen waiting so lllooooonngggg!!!!!
Riveting #PraiseBe
Back? It extends beyond the book?
Isn’t it scary how close it is to actually be able to be reality ? How can I get my husband to watch it !?
Please be my bff so we can binge watch this
So excited. So terrified.
May the lord open 
It’s been back since Trump got elected. 
SUCH a good show!!!
Chrissy what are your thoughts on Kanye calling Donald Trump his brother? 
May the lord open 
@RebeccaBaron4 @gingersnippy

You're annoying...bye #Unfollowed
I've seen the first episode twice and I swear to you, it gonna be put you in labor. Have towels nearby.
@miaroselisterx oh wot
Fuk dat , the handmaids tale .... pls x

@Abutlahhh
UNDER HIS EYE!!! Yesss I’ve been watching all day
@emilyjayc03

That first episode though!! Aaack! #HandmaidsTale #maythelordopen

MAY THE LORD OPEN!!!
@SarahMFSwizzle 
What did you think of those insane episodes??
@bbhafen under his 
@whitneyyb__
First two eps were brutal, and as a 40 year old woman without kids I’d be joining Emily in the toxic wasteland for SURE. But I can’t look away because this Administration wants this to be reality, FAST.
MAY THE LORD OPEN
MAY THE LORD OPEN
I started watching this to get out of reading the book for my college class. But I got hooked after the first episode and binged the whole first season in one night.
@RiannaLauryn
yeah, 1 episode in and I already had 7 mini panic attacks
Seems to me the show should make us mad, and at least point out the parts that reflect what's actually happening now--but that's just me.
have you read the book?
@ishitaarf !!!
Blessed be I can't frickin wait is it wrong I kinda find the whole handmaids thing hot lol
@JHaines95
@audswan
Litterally so obsessed ... scared and obseessed lol
Hurry up to the UK pleeaaaaassseeee
Cannot get enough of this show..it keeps us wanting more.. Love It
One of my favs
I just finished one dark, completely depressing and incredibly well-acted show (Doctor Foster on Netflix via BBC) so why not move on to another? Bring it, Handmaids!  #UnderHisEye

Handsmaid tale. Is a very deep and dark show. This show truly bl9ws my mind.
Just watched the first two episodes of season two I ALREADY NEED MORE
I love that show it’s so dark but thrilling at same time
Soooo, my 63 year old mom has been watching this show for years and I thought it was an old people show....is my mom really more hip to the game than me 
Had to watch so many episodes of @theofficenbc afterwards to recover. So many feels.
@MaddieBraunn
YAAAASSSS!!!
I just CAN’T with this it’s AMAZING. Horrible, frightening, crazy, WAY too real...it’s freaking me OUT!
Blessed be the Xanax after watching! It’s all too possible.
Johnofchrissy is the new way I refer to your hubs. :)
Under His Eye
I saw the first two episodes and feared I was watching what would happen if Donald Trump got a second term.
Spoke Chrissy of the Teigen
I tried to tell you this last night, Chrissy!!!! Both episodes were phenomenal. Thoughts????
Omg @chrissyteigen can we please have a binge date?! I’ll bring the muddy buddies and big hug for Luna!!!
S2 E1 scared the poop out of me, I will not look at scissors the same way.
BLESSED BE THE FRUIT!!!! #HandmaidsTaleSeasonTwo
Omg it is amazing so far
It’s only two episodes though and IM FURIOUS
So great. It’s shot right here in Toronto. I know the crews working on it :)
omg have you read the book???? So good!!!
So ridiculously freaking excited by this! I can't even. Trying to get out of family activity to watch it by myself. Is that wrong? #underhiseye
I need more than 2 episodes!!!! Chrissy can’t u pull some strings
The last scene of the second episode just ripped my heart into shreds. 
@case_4
Yeeeeahh so season two seems off to a pretty heavy start
I looooved the first season but honestly it was mentally and emotionally exhausting. I don't know if I can handle all the feelings.
I can't bring myself to start watching if there's only two episodes on right now. I need all or nothing.
@el7recker
And I’m having a freakin heart attack watching it! #underhiseye
I never watched something & literally cried throughout the whole damn thing . But I can’t get enough
@Tessmurphy14 uh oh
So gruesome!
@SerenityMegs
We’ve got to do a live tweet of new episodes each week. I’m dying to hear other women’s thoughts on this haunting show. Offred’s daughter is around same age as mine.  @hulu
Literally watching now.  In his eye.

I guarentee you @johnlegend and @chrissyteigen are so mad at @kanyewest right now!

They used to make music together and now look.…
Lucky @chrissyteigen gets to watch it tonight when us Canadians have to wait until Sunday. Unfair!!!!!
So good! I watched the first episode whilst my little was napping :D
Sooooo intense last night.
May the Lord open.
The first 10 minutes of the first episode made me almost vomit. You should probably wait until after baby to watch. 
Oh great. My mom's gonna lose her shit...
MAY THE LORD OPEN
@mel_C221 
NOW CAN GET MORE EXPLANATION?
@_KMACXX finally!!!
Under his eye
Under his eye 
Some Republicans want to make The Handmaid's Tale a reality
Under his eye, bitches
MAY THE LORD OPEN
@MIW_girl802 !!!!!
May the lord open
@sarahdayyy
Under his eye. 
Under his eye 
Yes! I’m glad it’s back.
Thank you OfJohn
May the lord open! 
Under his eye
@nikkimay_
@christina_cass !!!! 
Thank you!
Under his eye
I agree lady!! When I first warched I thought it was bizarre. But I gave it a chance and it is REALLY REALLY GOOD. 
Watching now! while working of course 

So I should watch it??
@sarahwilkin_ !!!!!
I tried, just can't get into it, all it does is piss me off which. Too old for this shit thinking! Bad enough out in the real world.
WATCHING NOW
chrissy they CAUGHT THE EAST AREA RAPIST THIS IS MORE IMPORTANT
@mrzachto us
Yass
@NatalieBergen2 yall really making me wanna watch this
It’s SO great. 10/10 would recommend.
@__aprylmae praise be
@val_vasquez25
 @depiondargas
@cristen_hordes

@chrissyteigen is the only other person I know who watches hand maids tale so we r actually best friends, okay!!
