This is what you and your husband are complicit in by entertaining Kanye. So disappointing.
You really do not know us. I need you to know that.
Having debates and healthy conversation about politics is not being complicit. You don’t know our relationship. Ignoring the topic or dropping the person helps no one.
i’m not really on the defending kanye west hype anymore but i gotta ask how is he allowing school shooting survivors to be bullied?? he literally posted a picture of her & called her his hero? like, that’s nice? lol
You're in New Orleans?  Cuz that s**t happens around here ALL THE DAMN TIME.
Beat me to it!! 
You both beat me to it. Haha. Good call
My only memory of Atlanta, from decades ago, was crossing the intersection of Peachtree, Peachtree, and Peachtree.
I call it a cul-de-wack.

What's around you? Is it Famous Ray's?  Famous ORIGINAL Ray's?
JUST RAY’S JERRY!

I’m at the corner of 1st and....1st
When a mommy street and a daddy street love each other very much.....
If you ever visit Seattle, be sure to check out Bellevue, Bellevue, and Bellevue
Chrissy Teigen using Seinfeld references only adds to her awesomeness!!
You are. Enjoy it.
That’s a roundabout way of saying it.
This tweet is so underrated
Broadway?
You must be in DC. The time/space continuum folds in weird ways there.
are you in Boston?
Are you in Boston? 
Like this? I don't know why you would build it like this but...
Jerry, I’m at 1st and 1st!
proof that time is a flat circle
I use this @SeinfeldTV quote a few times a week. Glad others appreciate it :)
A classic.
But can you beat the Van Wyck?
Me right now:
How does this happen.
While not the same, I always felt that way in the West Village where W 4th and W 10th intersect...
Are you on Peachtree?

Welcome to Boston
Is there a Starbucks at every corner?
Seriously? Sounds like a conversation I'd have after allot of pot.
In San Diego there is a street that has two exits on the freeway because it curves like a U and intersects twice with the freeway. 

Witch magic
jerrrrrrryyyy
This ad followed your tweet in my feed. 
In Atlanta on Peachtree...Ave? Road? Street? Circle? Lane? Drive? Court? Way? Landing? North? South? East? West? 
And about twenty other ways Peachtree whatever crosses! 
1st & 1st?
This is kind of by where I live 
the universe is just the start
streets can lead us all toward each others hearts
dark dont matter cause light transcends brighter with truth from both ends
.
I grew up at the corner of Omega, Omega and Omega. Talk about The End.
It's worse when the street that intersects itself, is one way...
Try going to Milton Keynes!
Boston
Im guessing you haven't spent much time driving in Boston...
wow a lot of people don't know this is a seinfeld joke. 
But it's gold Jerry, GOLD

I’m new to posting so please forgive me if this is a faux pas. UCF Womens Rugby team has the chance to play in the coll.  champ tourn at CSU Fuller. UCF gives them very little $. Their go fund me page has raised $5.4K of the $9K they need. Pls help.
National Blvd at National Blvd
Are you in queens?
Near my house , you can be at the intersection of Filbert and Filbert! 
the world is at a crossroad ???
It's a glitch in the matrix
Is it Famous Rays or Original Rays????
@randomcpa

It's a walk to remember.
People stick to the subject—-otherwise go on...move on.
That's from Seinfeld. :^)»
WORMHOLE!!!
You must be in Paris, where EVERY street is named after Victor Hugo.
Were you in DC?
This happens in tokyo all.the.time....
Is it where Famous Ray's or Famous Original Ray's is at?
It's the roadway equivalent of the family tree with no branches.
It's magic crossroads where you disappear into another dimension
Must be in Atlanta on a Peachtree
if it's a circle and it turns back into itself
like the number 6

#Seinfeld

At one point in my neck of Massachusetts, Route 95 South is also Route 128 South and Route 93....North.
There's a stretch of highway in Massachusetts where you are simultaneously driving on both a north and a south route.

Breaks my brain.
In San Francisco, street numbering is not always by block. 1398 can be on 10th.
sounds like metaphor for my love life
Are you talking about Atlanta? Lol
And now, @chrissyteigen, knowing that you quote “Seinfeld,” I am even more thrilled I follow you on Twitter! Love!
In San Diego there's a corner of Fourth and Fifth.
In Vegas, you start on Sunset Rd. If you continue straight, you’re on Sunset Way. If you turn right, Sunset Rd and left puts you on Mountain Vista.
Atlanta... Peachtree...
Are you in Charlotte, NC? That happens here. Also the same street with different names or having to turn left or right to stay on the same street because if you go straight it changes names.
In Kirkland, wa where 124th and 124th intersect and it’s always a shit show 
Chrissy, you're from WA, you should be use to that! LOL
Yes. Seinfeld. But for real, my street does this in Toronto!
That happens in like a dozens roads here in Western PA 
Are you in Atlanta? Everything is Peachtree lol
Hi Kramer!!!!

And yet the pretzel is alive and well today. 
Chrissy Teigen is the MOST relateable celebrity on the planet, you can't win an argument against this, not sorry.
Meet me at the intersection of Mississauga Rd. and Mississauga Rd...yes, in Mississauga.
Mine does, what were they thinkin

We have this just out of Vancouver
I was on a small island in Canada once that had only one main street that went around the island and crossed itself in the middle.
first and first
Ummmm..... I'd stop following that GPS now if I were you
It’s happens all the time in Utah! Especially in Salt Lake City! Haha! Too many streets with the name Temple!
Are you in Atlanta?
Only in L.A. hahaha
Come to Charlotte, we have Queens and Queens.  And then Queens and Queens. Oh and Queens becomes Kings.
This is where we used to live in Dallas
I bet there's a Starbucks at that very nexus.

Or in Boston.
In Boise I swear there was a Hill Rd that intersected with another Hill Rd
West Village?
Bellevue, Bellevue, and Bellevue intersect in Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle.
It's a glitch in the matrix.
Omg I love you!
This is how I feel about the corner of Beckett ridge and Beckett ridge @MarcKia_ @Nicolelocin13
We had Boggy Creek, Boggy Creek, and Old Boggy Creek here in Central Fl, stay away it’s a rip in time
Kramer!
Thats Sesame Street sister Siamese Street. They stick together 
One of my favorite Seinfeld quotes. 
Are you in Boston? Sounds like Boston.
Go to Pittsburgh
You must be in Queens right now. #iliveherebutitmakesnosense
Nice Seinfeld reference, that's gold!
Are the banana people there?
great Seinfeld epi
What street
Oh. You’re on Mobius Avenue. You need to hang a left after Penrose Stairs.

You in Miami?
California... No doubt about it... We keep intersecting
U must be in Atlanta. "Peachtree" as far as the eye can see!
Are you in Georgia?
Sounds like the west village.
When I told the firemen, at the corner of 211th and 211th, they thought I was pranking...but, I wasn't.
Don't go to Gravenhurst, Ontario. There are TWO intersections of Bay and Bay. "I live on Bay, between Bay and Bay" is an actual thing.
Are you in Ottawa? I don't understand it either which is why I always get lost. Are cities designed in circles?

Queens, New York is like that, too!
As a Door Dash driver...uh yeah, that happens more than you’d think. Lol
Same here. Vegas has some truly wonky streets.
@devonzdatny
My wife was clarifying directions this morning and said, “So Lexington and 3rd to 2nd Ave?” I started to say “that’s not an intersection” when I realized she meant walk from Lexington to 3rd and then 2nd Ave.
You must have never driven in Jersey
i don’t know if i can handle one of these long distance relationships

sometimes you a little too much

Thank you for this Seinfeld reference
Are you yelling?

Driving in a circle 
WHY ARE YOU YELLING!
Lol where are you 
This is like asking if I’ve found my purpose in life
Rofl
Is there a Starbucks across from another Starbucks there?
It is and we are...
I moved to this area a little while ago and didn’t notice this until a friend pointed it out. I just always assumed this couldn’t happen.
Here we go loop de loop.
The amount of people that don’t know this #Seinfeld reference, genuinely saddens me.
This is a common occurance in Charlotte! Literally infuriating and confusing as all hell!
Go to Atlanta. You'll end up at Peachtree and Peachtree.
Be careful lest you make an inadvertent bargain with the Spirit of the Crossroads. DON’T WISH FOR ANYTHING!
Don't question the Matrix.
Are you in Atlanta?!!!
You must be in NY.
We are! 
Love that episode! 
Are you in Atlanta?  They're are like 47 Peachtree St and they all converge into one.
#moron
Try Atlanta and "Peachtree"!
Girl, are you in Atlanta? Because there are about 50 different variations of Peachtree that intersect each other, lol.
Or a circle
Sounds like Prince’s logo.

Welcome to NY, Kramer!
Atlanta? Where EVERYTHING IS PEACHTREE
You’ve obviously haven’t spent a lot of time here in TX. Streets do that shit here all the time
welcome to Kansas!
Is it named Tanglewood?  I've been lost in Tanglewood in two different states.  Now I just stay off streets named Tanglewood.
or Queens
That’s where all #TheAvengers are coming back to life!
ugh ur so cool I wanna die
I apologize if this has come your way 100 times already; that being said, get ready for 101, because I can’t resist.
Yeah she was quoting it from that YT video she posted a couple of tweets earlier.
Are you surrounded by penguins or polar bears?
National and National!

Culdesac?
If you go to Pensacola there are about 3 main roads,  but all of these roads have different names!
Ponce de Leon in Atlanta.
And how do I get to Sesame Street?
You must be in Charlotte
In St.Louis, you’ll be driving straight down a street, look up and notice that the street name has changed! Makes no sense whatsoever....
what's pedolite ....i seen u tweet it before and I'm just wondering...
is one a Street and the other a Place or Lane or Court or Crescent? that happens a lot here
Lmao 
You need to drive around @CLTgov for a day.

San Francisco is like this. There's a place where 4th, 9th, and 13th all intersect and it makes zero sense.
First and First!
lmao MacArthur in Irvine does that

Kind of like when 9th Ave and 12th Ave end at each other #ThatDontMakeNoSense
Are you in Atlanta? #peachtree
legend lane  and legend st .
hmmmm

Are you at Mulholland and Mulholland? 
The way to the world is small and yet so definitely big
I’ve been there, in the rain, crying.
Kramer!
Are you in dallas? It's called a loop.
Pretty common in my town
Is this a feeble attempt at being Yeezy ?
