All I want you to comment on is where you ended up eating in Montgomery girlfriend
I didn’t. I slept ALL day.
Ugh mood
You mentioning Tammy in a tweet is the most relevant she has or will ever be. This was her 15 seconds of fame. 
Her other legacy is that no other irrelevant person has ever been called so many names. Toblerone Leeran
Do not speak ill of Tumi Luggage
Nope... not Tumi Luggage!

I know Tumi Luggage. 
Tumi Luggage is my obsession. 
That girl is no Tumi Luggage. 

Let’s stick with Tami Lasagna. Lol.
Y'all should really stop making fun of Toni Linguine. I thought we were pasta that.
Leave Tonsil Laurentiis alone!
Tums Laxative just tryna make that schmoney!
You be nice to Toblerone Lohan!!!!
I just want you all to comment that John Legend knows Beyoncé is the greatest artist of our generation and he was just being nice to get his point across
Yes Chrissy, please set the record straight. Beyonce is the greatest artist of our generation. Cc: @johnlegend we know you know.
the greatest artist of our generation profits from sweatshop labor? couldn't be my queen
When she was having a kid they shut the hospital down fathers couldn’t see there kids NICE

Please comment on my handsomeness chrissy
I’m no Chrissie, but woohoo you are cute! 
thanks
damn cheryl got curved
Nah. Cheryl knows I’m sincere
john’s tweets, whether directed at anyone or not, were good
She's throwing a little shade at Kanye who just tweeted the image of a private message John sent to him. Or at least that's how I'm reading it...

I personally think that's a new low for Kanye
oh I didn’t even see that!!!

thank you! This gives addition meaning to Chrissy’s tweet now that I have the entire context
Thank you for the context. And well done, John.
TAMI LASAGNA

I love this image in this moment so much. I’m avoiding eye contact as I type this.
Pls comment on my weight vs. my height ratio!!!!!
You’re very attractive, Patti, we get it.
I prefer Tums Lozenge

why do you have to be mean to lasagna like that?
I would have to agree... she doesn't deserve such a luscious name.
Tami lasagna hahahaha
Comment on In N Out vs Whataburger
She lives in SoCal Kenny. We all know the answer... #InNOutporvida
I wasn’t looking for anything but the right answer, here 
I’m no Chrissy Teigen...but Whataburger. 
Nooooooooo
Never heard of a Tami Lasagna. I do know a Tangerine Laryngitis
Is she related to Tangerine Mussolini?
I'm pretty sure you're talking about Tums Larceny
He made himself look bad and John look good. Smart people know that.
How dare you not agree with us LMAO, btw what policies are hurting black people. Seriously wondering
If you don't know, you must have a good life living in that bubble.
List em gf. Come on.
I’d tell you to google it but you probably use bing.
Nah. I'm a google gal despite my better judgement. But I just want one policy. That's all I'm asking. If DT is the source for black people's problems, it shouldn't be that hard to give a girl some info.
Dismantling of environmental protections. Encouraging private prisons. Muslim ban. The wall. Sabatoguing the Affordable care act.
Besides all of those being hyperbolic, I'm sure all of those things were totally racially motivated. Sweet Jesus you're reaching. Hahahaahaha.

"DT got rid of "environmental protections" cuz he hates the black folk!"

Totally not an insane statement at all. Hahaahaha

"Chrissy DESTROYS airing out grievances in public!"
Stop giving Buzzfeed ideas 

Kanye’s BBQ invites have been revoked.
Tami Lasagna dfkm
It’s cause you’re funny as shit and bring a little light to the darkness
thats disrespectful to Lasagna
'psycho tami lasagna' 
Kanye is so damn desperate for any kind of attention. Kim needs to stop with the selfies and give that poor guy a hug.
Just want to say very good job using “whom”
Chrissy lemme just say real quick that you are one lucky woman, cuz John is a good ass man...keep doing y’all, cuz y’all are doing great sweetie
Love y’all for the genuine love for your friends.

Somebody keeps retweeting @chrissyteigen  on my TL and I'm turning into a fan got dammit. #StayClassy baby!
Hey that’s me!!! 
Lol! Thank you! She is so on point and comes across as really down to earth.
Right?!!! Could not agree more. Sooooo down to earth. Always seems genuine. You nailed it with the #StayClassy hashtag 
*Tonka Lawnmower
Ohhhh poor Tami Lasanga
You just don't want Chrissy dragging you on Twitter. You just don't.
Please comment about this woman below
Would you consider letting your TN fans know about THIS GUY? 
 And @Mariah4Congress who is fighting to repeal and replace him?
I think that everyone just likes your witty responses and eagerly await your classic “clap backs” 
The Queen has spoken 
Thanks, now i want Lasagna
Tami Lasagna 
@LenaLuHuffsGlue @c__cassandra @cindydgaf @GiveKristinaTwitterAccess TAMI LASAGNA

omfg 
Kanye tweeting John's message was pretty classless. John however is ALL class...
#legend
You don't owe anyone your time or energy/response. People demanding that you speak up/out need to sit down. Keep being awesome, Chrissy. <3
I would like you to comment on the best cheese for a grilled cheese sandwich.
I held out on the Teigen follow for so long only to find out that i actually could still like this platform. Thanks for the fresh air!
Can you ask your husband to sing the Arthur theme song? That's my question.
Chrissy: *tweets*

Me:
You don’t owe us anything, ma’am.
My brain didn’t make an immediate connection as to who Tami Lasagne is  (I’ve muted that name long time ago). Love ya momma!
I'm dying...Tami Lasagna.
Thankful we have Chrissy and #RHONY during these times
Well said! Just keep posting pics and making us laugh at your real life tweets. You do you girl.
All you can do is try..  RIP the old Kanye..
Tami Lasagna LMFAOOOO CHRISSY PLEASE
Can you explain the Tami Lasagna comment? I think I missed something...
She is referring to Tommy, Tammy, (whatever the f*uck her name is Lahren, you know Conservative Barbie
Ah thank you.
WHAT’S A TAMI LASAGNA ?? 

IS THAT CODE FOR @TomiLahren 
OR “TAMMY” Lahren ??
She's had lots of surgery and she's still miserable!
@TomiLahren plz advise
what is your favorite type of lasagna
#ClassAct 
#keepitoffline
I call her Taco Lasagna.
Oh,  is I know who y’all are talking about
Don’t curse our lord lasagna  its  tamagotchi landmine tbh
I thought she was a jar of hellmans mayo
She’s an ever changing metamorphosis of white nonsense
Psych Tami Lasagna could totally be a recipe in one of your cookbooks someday.
It would be pale and brittle with no sauce or spice.
You had me at Tami Lasagna.
Does anyone pay attention to Tama Lama Dingdong?
kanye releasing that text message where john legend says he has a new single out is the reason I now know john legend has a single out.. so like.. keep exposing people
Nooooo you really said tami lasagne
S/o John for his response
I would die for you
But wait what did you tell Nene
@probablygigi TAMI LASAGNA
mom
@yeahokaynina  ooooo
oh boy
Tami Lasagna uses aged Miracle Whip instead of ricotta.
TAMI LASAGNAAAA
As a girl whose name is Thomi, and whose only ever heard of one other girl with a similar name... and its that one... I LIVE FOR THE FACT EVERYONE REFUSES TO CALL HER BY HER NAME. Thank you, @chrissyteigen . I died when I read that.
Who is Tami Lasagna
TAMI LASAGNA 
Please don't ever insult lasagna again
Googles tammi lasagna
Kanye is kinda the worst. And always has been. This isn’t new news.
Wait who is Psycho Tami Lasagna and why I am just now hearing about this?

Also good on John for trying but you can’t fix narcissists. Buying his single solely for the fact that JL is a good human being (it’s probably good though anyway)
Why don’t we ask you to comment on our cooking skills like we do with Gordon Ramsay
I truly thought Tami Lasagna was a recipe in your cookbook
Thank you for Tami Lasagna, which I like as a moniker for her as much as I like Tonka Lamisil and Tamiflu Labiaplasty.
If there's one woman that I cannot stand it's Tami Lasagna
Wouldn’t apologize to a 12 year old black girl though
Never comment on Tami. She isn't worth it.
Love love love 
When are you guys running for office??? 
Class act damn it!
Could you comment on @chimplicker who shot me in the neck with an arrow when we were 10? I think it's a disgrace that he hasn't been held accountable.
Do you ever eat at Taco Bell? That’s a real question I’ve been wondering about for like 3 days
I now need to know the answer.
Just help my friend @DerrickMorgan91 out that’s all! Kanye’s Hiring !
https://twitter.com/DerrickMorgan91/status/989305338556973057?s=20 …

A RT at that link would be super helpful, thanks Chrissy 
Kanye's hiring, I'm graduating from law school in 2 weeks, Twitter, help your boy out? 
You’re my favorite person
I LOVE HER
Because you run your mouth about everything until it fucking matters and until it’s in your circle then it’s all deflection through humor.
I ain’t forget you called a Black baby cocky....
@___raniaaa
I love her
Recipe for Tami Lasagna: dense layers of overdone pasta, mayo, salt to taste.
thats good chrissy because at least if people agree with him a lil bit it reassures us to know his friends are generally concerned and also disagree with out airing it out it's all up to him to be real
shit my bad dana
Yes, I have a rule. If you have my phone number, if you’ve sat in my living room and had a glass of wine or at my dinner table then pick up the phone and call me with your concerns — don’t blast me on social media.
Can we take a break from the madness to discuss these 2 things...
1) can you please wish me a happy early birthday (5/17 I know you’ll be busy with Luna + baby boy)??
2) Tell us when a new cookbook is coming out!! I still need Cravings...

Carry on. 
Can you comment on cheesecake?
TAMI LASAGNA
But like...people could also let you be, because it's not your responsibility to school grown ass adults who should know better.
I’d rather know what’s next for you in life and fam, way more interesting... #ijs
Tami Lasagna 
Screw everyone. I follow you for you, not for what people want you to be.
Any comment on this?
This is what happens when Ja Rule doesn't respond back.
You & John opinions are very clear and you have both spoken up on really important issues. Your platform is better used to voice actual social issues. G list news hosts & death rattle rappers don’t need a reaction from you @chrissyteigen , we can assume
The word that caught my eye was lasagna. 
I want lasagna.
How about The Cubs? Would you comment on them? Just asking because I think it would be cool.
Thank you for being a good person for the sake of just decent human behavior and not for good ratings
Never change.
Don’t grace that bitch with the word lasagna. Lasagna is full of flavour and diversity.
thank u for finally commenting on being asked to comment on others' comments
Epic clapback queen
Tami Lasagna. 
I think why tami lasagna is so angry is because she needs a new glam squad. The grey highlight to the brow and one-colored blonde is killing her.
Kanye is a whackjob.....avoid him like the plague.

I think I am just going to start posting cute animal pictures with hilarious captions...
You actually just spoke up. Thanks girla. I knew I could rely on you. Folks just need to know somethings going on because sometimes silence equates to agreement. Its oddish but yeah.
@aliiisehoward TAMI LASAGNA
good on you. Not every matter needs to be public these people are your peers and deserve to be talked to not at or about. Just adore you @chrissyteigen
queen
@M70460051
Answer my poll lel
this made me want lasagna
Love lasagna
i wish i had a recipe for lasagna
Now I have to google that Tami person. Lord, I’m so uniformed. I’ve never heard of her.
We just want to know where you ate in da gump. Us pleebs wanna know! @malloryherman @phillymoody
We just want to know what fooooood you ate! We love food
 gotta have em all. No  tho
This is my favorite thing that has happened on twitter #food #montgomery
You are a queen and I love you
(what's Tami Lasagna?)
Tami Lasagna
BLOOP!
Mmm Lasagna.....**Homer Voice**
Tami Lasagna. I think that is an insult to lasagna lovers everywhere. 
@TomiLahren = a zero.
Okay sweeetie but talk about rhoa
You just tweeted Kim to ask about dinner tho 
You and @johnlegend  are picture perfect CLASS. 
@robine001
Don’t ruin lasagna for me.
Well said !!! YES!!
Tami Lasagna. I'm stealing it. Thank you!
#respect
People can’t respect privacy 
Eat something.....you'll feel better. everyone asks you because you always seem to have a comment on just about everything. You're  to Twitter...like Martha Stewart is to baking....people love you.
too bad for kanye it wasn’t a phone call so he could twist it to seem like John actually tried to manipulate him.
TAMI LASAGNA HZKDHDSH
I love you
I love how mature you and John are tbh.
Love you Chrissy!
Can you tell me if your banana bread recipe is in one of your cravings books? #needtoknow
@stephaniealytle AHAHAHAHA THE NICKNAMES GET BETTER. TAMI LASAGNA.
TAMI LASAGNA 
Don’t ruin lasagna for me!!!
The text spoke for itself. It takes balls & heart to talk to a friend like that. He tried. Huge respect!  
#teamlegend #friendsdontletfriendsgettrumped
lol i heart you! The best!
Tami Lasagna
Can you comment on your past PEDO COMMENTS ABOUT KIDS? #DEEPSTATE
i think the best part about calling Tornado Larynx different names each time is people will always know who you're talking about yet it keeps her name from trending
Yeah.. fts

It's all a work, Chrissy.

But you comment publicly on Twitter on strangers...
Tami lasagna 
Like this
What about Squirdward Tortellini
Peace to you
What about a comment on PPD? @2020MomProject at least that’s something meaningful.
You lady are the pure definition of #classy and funny. I love your style #teamlegends
@Rcampbell0508 tami lasagna
Whatever, you wish you had 1/10000000000th of the brain cells Ms. Lahren has. Furthermore, I highly doubt Ms. Lahren gives two sh*ts about you or your opinions. Give her "joy," LOL you wish! Why don't u debate her Einstein? She would mop up the floor w/you and your husband too.

I’m tweeting this from the afterlife 
Leftists have proven to be very negative angry unhappy people. Some are Unhinged and delusional. Leftist believe their abnormalities are the definition of normal. As a non liberal I feel sometimes that they are hopeless dark hearts but could b Enlighten by #MAGA if they knew love
The cool thing about America is we all get to think and vote as we want, and really shouldn’t be chastised by friends over our given rights.

What about these NHL Playoffs tho you got Vegas or San Jose?
You just did dimwit
But can you PLZ comment on Dutch Ovens. This amateur Chef Chefly McCheffington needs help. Like, what are the advantages? Worth the price? Should I buy fancy? Do you throw your back out whenever you have to lift a full one out of the oven?
I know I know but listen calm down I’m grabbing some chick fil a and headed right downtown to find you
Nah, we really wish you’d STOP talking.
i love you
pretend Kanye and Kim were “regular folk”...you would be fighting with them on Twitter like you always do with us “regular folk”. You and John don’t have the balls to go at them on here. Speak up to them in private my ass. 
Sorry @JessCuzIwantTo Chrissy is my favorite 
you’re the best 
Airing things out on social media is so... 8th grade. It’s definitely not a good look. Speaking to the person directly is how any level headed adult would handle it. However, we are living in the fucking twilight zone, Chrissy... 
I love you Chrissy 
Ooh girl u just said it all right there.
While you're at it, they guy in the line in front of me at the school cafeteria took like ALL of good chicken strips and left me nubs? Thoughts?
ily
@ReinigD our queen 
I have so much respect for you and John tbh Have a great day bitch I love you
Damn.
You should definitely run for president or be a sheikha of a emirate or something you rule! John is awesome too 
Smh. You and John are good peeps. Keep being y’all, sane ppl can see who’s sane and who’s not.
Do you girl! 
Please comment on whether a quesadilla is a sandwich.
They are baiting you. Hoping to get a reaction to go viral so they can trade in on you communicating with them.
Comment on the best grilled cheese you ever et
Don’t disrespect lasagna like that 
