People with different political views can be friends. It's been done forever.
Of course it's possible...
It only becomes a problem when one friend posts screenshots of private conversations.

The screenshots were meant to emphasize the fact that regardless of views it’s still all love. Y’all swear you love to focus on the negative in everything
Okay but even if that’s true, John didn’t know Kanye was gonna post them. That right there is enough to violate trust. John is a good guy, they’ll be fine, but that was a shady move imo.
Yes he did he literally said in the screenshot I know you’re going to post this so I might as well promote my album

Single* but you get the point
it's time to find some new friends boo lol maybe Bey is free
Imagine being so shallow you would leave a friendship over a man saying think for yourselves....
imagine having a Black husband and Black kids and dumping a friend whose man supports a man that says there are "some very fine" Neo Nazis. The same man that tried to undermine the first Black President of the United States by saying he wasn't born in this country. It's easy
If you think this is about being shallow, you're fucking trash. Go read a book, cause I can't be friends with anyone who supports Trump because that man's very being and what he stands for is a direct assault against who I am and the people I love. Fuck off.
Why can’t you be friends with someone who supports Trump?
because they're fucking children.
you can have dinner over at my place, we will have some Tami Lasagna.
What is Tami lasagna?
A variation of Tomi Lahren. People who make fun of her change her name to T-something L-something. Tostido Lentils.
Oh 


Stop, you’re killing me
Chrissy needs new friends.
Kim: Sorry, Chrissy....Something suddenly came up.
The eye though 
Right! Lmao 
Nothing but respect for MY president and First Gentleman
Gay
YOU GOT ME DAAAMMMNNN GABRIEL


Chrissy. Time to find some new friends. Any friend that upload a picture of texts sent between them is not a friend to have. That's why Jay don't fux with Kanye no more. Kanye embracing white supremacy as a black man. It's atrocious.


@KimKardashian answer her
she's too busy doing damage control, taking Kanye's phone away
Whatchu mean doing dinner???!!

You know what's really amazing & profoundly important? Showing us all that WE CAN STILL LOVE ONE-ANOTHER  REGARDLESS OF DIVERSITY OF THOUGHT!  It's okay to disagree & the fact that you chose a side has less to do about race & more to do about your values 
Thank you!! Why do we live in a society that we cant put aside our political differences, sometimes it's not always one sided just that one person may lean more towards 1 belief.
Especially for those of us in the center. I've been left & right of center my whole life. I see both sides. Voted for Obama, voted for Trump. IT'S HOW WE ROLL IN THE USA. Best person for the job wins!
If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor. But lol, right? 
Do me a favor and google the word neutral
And here come the right wing nut jobs
You don’t want to see if the Carter’s are free instead? 
is dinner with Sophia the Robot still out of the question lol
I’d set up Sophia with trump, that would be a great date, hey Sophia how do we make America great again? 
Sophia: destroy humanity
Don't forget her creepy little laugh at the end.
Gurrrl there is nothing funny about these two DROP THEM

Send her this Chrissy!
I’m curious too 
What did you search for this
Bet drama 
take a page out of Beyoncé and jay-z’s book.....walk away.

Dude it’s time to say goodbye and find some new friends that actually give a shit about people and should be using their platform for good and not just to make money
Also please tell your “friend” to stop using nudity to sell her shitty perfume etc...promoting the oversexualization of girls, teens, and women to show thats their only VALUE is DISGUSTING and SHAMEFUL
Women can and should be able to decide to do whatever they want with their own bodies. Kim’s choice of perfume bottle design modeled after her body which is made clear isnt worth critcism. How about their familys endorsement of waist trainers , which are actually bad long term
seeking validation by being naked for likes, retweets etc is gross and sending the wrong message. They constantly steal from other cultures to try and make “theirs”, hell she photoshopped her babies fucking eyebrows because she didn’t like the way they looked
The wrong message is more the waist trainer endorsements, diet ads they used to do, and yes cultural appropriation , didnt know that about the brows that’s really gross, and a bad example to set for young girls that they shud have to photoshop themselves for “likes”
Righhht . Like ok long term use of the waist trainers r gonna cause significant internal organ damage ask a surgeon/doc  also like these women have personal trainers and work out every day sooo
I’m so glad we can have an adult conversation even though we don’t agree on everything. Thank you for that 
Yall about to have dinner in the sunken place.
Awkward...
Please give Kanye his medication today!
You're a good friend for still wanting to associate. It will be hard to not talk about the elephant in the room.
Dani Chrissy we know John isn’t in the sunken place but you are? Wow!
Maybe you should cancel, Chrissy. 
cancel chrissy!!! they are bad vibes
Get new friends
Just leave kanye with his new best buddy....
Scott Baio will be joining too.
OHMYGAWD PLEASE DONT FEUD I LOVE YOU BOTH SO MUCH
Where y’all going? I wanna go too. 
Y’all can’t text about this?
Imagine being so butthurt because someone’s view isn’t your own. Ridiculous how some of you people are reacting when it’s not your life, it’s theirs. God damn

Chrissy, I love you and John so much!
it’s okay to have friends that have different views because a genuine friendship won’t break due to disagreement  just understand boundaries
So if one friend supports a racist  then the non-racist friend should support them? I have Republican friends but 0 trump friends cause I have self-respect
nah you misinterpreted what I was saying. you don’t have to agree with them, but it’s your preference of whether or not you want to be their friend
But your point was "genuine friendships last despite differences," so if the differences are supporting a racist then that friendship was probably never genuine. Like if my white friend is a trump supporter he's no friend of mine cause his views say what he thinks of me
in that case that doesn’t apply and like you said y’all weren’t ever friends
this why Bey don’t be fooling with y’all in public.


Girl run for hills the West’s have lost it
That's not a friend.
While at dinner, how about mention the family’s cultural appropriation and being dismissive of people’s views about it @johnlegend
Chrissy drop the dead weight sis.
I fucking love everything about John Legend and Christine Teigen
You can tell alot about a person by the friends they have.
I am free friday as well as @kaelola we can bring wine just lmk

can we go to Nobu this time?

Chrissy - I adore you.

Used to be a fan of Kim but can't support a woman to tries to normalize Trump. Can you get a reality show instead? 
If she turns u down I got an upcoming dr appt u wanna join I’ll join u on ur next one my mama can’t make it. Send Luna if u can’t make it
RT @KimKardashian
 “sooo....like...we still friends or...”
can u tell her to tell her husband to stop supporting trump while ur there thanks
 are the KUWTK cameras invited?
i love you but damn y’all can’t text??

I think that's a no big dawg
I wouldn’t want anything kanye’s cooking, that’s for sure 
Fun fact Kim Kardashian is married to the Ted nugent of rap music
Tricking you into an unnecessary 2nd baby shower to Exploit your "friendship" by posting the pics...days after Kanye put @johnlegend's text on blast. The K-lan @krisjenner are Not Your Friends Chrissy
How’s dinner guys what’s happening
This might get a little awkward 
Another tweet that should have been a text !
Let's all be friends with different points of view!!
Shit my invite must have gotten lost in the mail - just let me know where we’re meeting 



"I can't believe she said "Yes" ... Fuck me."
I can’t with Chrissy!!  She keeps me in happy tears.

Please throw food at him.
Speak up TO her, not on Twitter. I'm sure u have her number.
Chrissyyyyyyy! Lol.
I wouldn't after what Kanye just did


@aoifecorrigan12 this honestly reminds me of when siblings use to post in each others facebook page ‘you downstairs’ quare queer
Hahaha literally. What about Kanye tweeting so much too sooooooo weird like lol
So much he lost 9 million followers in 1 day ahhaha
I’m screaming! I mean since messages have to go through Twitter...
Am lost

lol why would you even want to 
I was referring to Kim in general 
HHASKJFJK
Seriously, you are the queen of twitter. Lets just put a crown on ya
Make some tRump Roast
I guess this one made it to twitter huh
Kanye is on Trump's payroll.
Minus Kanye. I hope yes 
LMAKSVSJA
Since her net worth is 17.5 times what yours is, I think she’ll be busy with people on her level :) not people who post attacks on others’ appearances and beliefs on twitter
lol Yeah sure Jane
She’s defending a man who is defending a man who is defending white supremacists!
Chrissy PLEASE tell Kanye that we don't hate him or @KimKardashian 
We just don't understand HOW he could support Donald Trump & his policies.
Jeff Sessions & Dept of Justice are instituting HARSHER laws...geared toward incarcerating AFRICAN AMERICANS.
How is this OK?
@johnlegend
"Free thinking?"
What the HELL is relevant to supporting an outwardly hostile White House administration...to fu**ing free thinking??
I mean, Jeff Sessions is putting HARSHER punishments for people caught with WEED!
You know WHO this for.
This is BIGGER than free fu**ing thinking
Free thinking...
MY ASS!
So, Kanye is gonna...sit up here & tell African Americans...that he is supporting MASTER...to be a "free thinker??"
Oh My Lord! smh
We're calling BS!
u right
@anniewillis96 lmao
Chrissy is the absolute best

I’d be careful with friends like Kim
We should be careful of people like you too
It’s called CAVAR ORGANIC.. and this would help Global Warming 
#straightjacketforkanye @ThePerezHilton
Honestly i wouldnt because friends dont blast their good friends on social media like that..they simple repect the feelings of their friends!!!
best canceled till the house is in check.
You are such a breath of fresh air!! You keep it real and don’t care what anyone thinks...your amazing!!!
can I come? 
Thought you were better than that #unfollow
Don't take the bait @KimKardashian She's a LOON and her husband is pathetic. #StandByYourMan #ImWithKanye

It will be easy for you to make new friends..

Can I come
A+
Hahahaha I LOVE YOU
@JediFett and I would love to join you guys for dinner if they pass, @chrissyteigen
LMAO
LMFAO
You're the best.
Can I come pls.
Lmao
Make dinner party's great again!
John Legend must do a feature with John Cena
Is she bringing kanye? Would you still want to then?
I love you. Hahaha
So are y’all at dinner or
What time should I be there for dinner?    Lol.    Must be nice to have Kim reply to you....  I have tried to get her to just say hi to me for years.      I love all her family
This is me to @kaycimadoro everyday 
#facts
Man there’s something about little titties 
Please don’t kim. This lady is an arrogant person who insults and disrespects anyone who has different views or opinions.
I want to come to dinner but my hair will be a mess
theory: narcissistic tendency to jeopardize friendship to gain attention and defend oneself OR believes sharing message of free thought to be most important and uses platform to demonstrate this belief

Don't understand why you can't have two different views and still be cool..Seems like the only one not bitch made is Kanye...He don't give AF about Fan manipulation and the "popular' thing to do His homeboy needs to take notes!!
Too much hate Who cares Don't worry
You can’t shame @kanyewest 

He’s MAGA and not afraid to say it @chrissyteigen @johnlegend 

Mayb try being an open minded person like Ye. Because you two have a lot to learn!
If she isn’t, i am
You gonna let him wear the MAGA hat!?
hilarious!
Be sure to get the Fish Sticks.
#LoveFishSticksNotTrump

Damn man. Rich people really dont give a fuck. Dont matter if their friends infecting millions of peoples minds. They got money, so theyre good.
Careful Chrissy. You get burned by touching them this week.
Lol
I love you!!!

Chrissy, be my friend, I make great baked ziti and buttermilk lemon pound cake. Plus, I give moral support and great hugs. We're a perfect match.
Bringing the husbands?

Please get new friends. You deserve better.
@jalapenaaa
Ugh. Don't go, girl.
Kanye is like Trump on Twitter they are out of control!!! But hey he has a new album out so he needs all eyes on him right now
Don’t do it sis

May I come
invite me
If not,my husband and I are available.
Omg 
I’ll have dinner with you on Friday, girl
We will get you the dinner date you deserve, @Beyonce


 love the banter 

I'm coming!!!
Omg I wanna join 
Simple answer :
Nah, you and Mr. Legend need to find better friends. I'm available. Vegan, or nah? Let me know and I'll fire the oven up.
@abieecork 
@dougiep2018 @folesfootlong pipe down Chris ur dating a toddler
@Kellyyy15 lmaooooo
She should totally leave Kanye at home.
Yes
Bahahahahahahha
@thejordanzone
kasjskskakskfkfk
Beyoncé is right. #justsaying


@shymagg
Yes we are
@JuliaAnne95


Ahhhh so "dinner" was the surprise baby shower. I feel like I've been included in this wild ride. 
.
This is so good I can’t 
Lol you're better than being friends w kim
So where’s dinner tonight?
#arvindapology
Oh brother..
She gonna snitch on you fam, @iDStella
Shut up
Chrissy, you’ve brought out the best in @johnlegend.
You and Joh and all the snowflakes should be ashamed the way you treat YOUR president wake up oh by the way they are looking for homes for all the homeless in calif. are you inviting anyone
Am I the only one who noticed @chrissyteigen looks like a Thai transvestite from the movie The Hangover 2?
If something happens to Kim, we are all blaming you. Tread lightly, Chrissy.
girl dine at my place
Can you convince her to ditch the Trump lover
If she does remember to respect her husband and his opinion. 
Shes not proud of kanyes last name.

if there’s some extra seats i’ll come
