These are access journalists.  They rely on Sanders and others as the  source of major WH leaks. They have to keep their sources happy, so they  defend them through sanctimonious virtue-signaling.  I agree, it's  embarrassing to watch.
i was SCREAMING at sarah huckabee sanders' pissed off faces 
These journalists refuse to call the WH out on their behaviour because they're TERRIFIED of losing their access to the WH. Something isn't right when media hold a comedian to a higher standard than the President of the United States.
My question is Access to what exactly?  He puts all his thoughts on twitter and then she just lies about them. What are they going to miss out on?
They took all the smelling salts and fainting couches in the entire world. #FakeOutrage
I'm waiting for Andrea Mitchell to stop clutching her pearls over the #WHCD so she can get back to her latest breaking story on Hillary's emails.
These people are offended?
The pearl clutching from journalists and Trump fans is cringeworthy. We have the most crass President in the history of our country and apparently today we are all clutching our pearls because Wolf was a meanie to SHS.
Is it upside down day?? Twitter is white with “snowflakes” today but the kind who like to say “libtard” a lot and struggle with things like spelling, grammar and facts.
It makes them uncomfortable for a reason which they refuse to admit.
Seriously since when is "perfect smoky eye" an insult?? This is is bananas!!
For real. Me if my Smokey eye was called perfect.
Well Michelle spoke the truth so they’re pissy.
Right?  Like....  Michelle making fun of the stuff that the Trump Admin does is somehow WORSE than what they are actually doing.
Thought #WHCD meant what would Chrissy do.... I have had too many mimosas st brunch.. Lol #ilovechrissy
you being heated —> ashes —> perfect smoky eye
45 threatens nuclear apocalypse and apparently "smoky eyes" is more bothersome.
#AlsoThis  #FlintStillDoesntHaveCleanWater
This is the part that "outraged" journalists keep disregarding. Michelle Wolf at the #WHCD: “Flint still doesn't have clean water."
Journalists need to sit with this for a moment.  Charlie Chaplin on reaction to his now heralded movie, The Great Dictator... http://www.vulture.com/2014/12/charlie-chaplin-great-dictator-history.html … …
well now I'm outraged because everyone's whining that Michelle Wolf stood up and told the truth AND I want pizza.
Maybe because they are trying to distract from this 
When is your talkshow coming to tv?

Don't forget that the #WHCD is a celebration of free speech and free press, showing that in America, the press isn't state-run.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_House_Correspondents%27_Association …

Also, @michelleisawolf is a comedian. Not a journalist. Not a person in the Executive Branch of our government, who has actual power.

If you're not going to hold those people accountable for the things they…
In other words...  I feel ya. Bizarro world indeed.
#MeToo
A conservative said 12-year-old Chelsea Clinton was “the White House dog.”

A conservative said Michelle Obama should “return to being a male and…
You'd think people who benefit from the 1st Amendment would be the first ones to defend it. I guess not. #cowards
No shit.  You know damn well they throw shade at SHS amongst themselves and on national TV on the daily for her rude and condescending behavior/lies but a comedian makes a frigging joke about eye makeup and they all lose their minds.
yes, let's all defend a notorious liar from... *checks notes* allegations of having a perfect smoky eye
How would you feel if someone publicly bashed you or your husband or child that way?  I would be protective of you the same way I am of Sarah.  I love you both.  There’s no reason for all the hate.
Chrissy Teigen doesn’t spend every waking breath lying to the American people for an ethnically challenged, morally bankrupt, sniveling, racist. Michelle Wolf did not bash SHS’s family. If you truly feel that protective the you should have some harsh words for trump.
Those offended journalists are largely responsible for the mess we’re in. Their false equivalency bs is sickening - and they seem to have learned nothing, or more likely don’t care.
+1

I’m 

Like THIS 
On the red carpet when asked what are you wearing, not one person said, my thin skin.  I guess that was assumed.
Today is pretend the president doesn't humiliate people on a daily basis day!
Yes yes, offended journalists who seem to be in Trump’s “leaker” circle. Like Mika, Maggie, etc. Their faux outrage is critical to their success. Please understand...
If you can’t take the heat...
Oh please let Sarah Sanders have a big O!
Chrissy, it's so upsetting!
This gets you heated, but you have no problem having dinner with a bunch of Trump supporters? 
Yeah, it makes me very concerned about the fourth estate when, after an event designed to celebrate the first amendment, members of the press or ATTACKING A  COMEDIAN FOR THINGS SHE SAID USING HER FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHT.  I'm kinda shocked. 

Also it is a fucking roast.
Meanwhile, our best journos are doing some self-examination, instead of #journalismism  cc:  @Lawrence #AMJoy
.@LAWRENCE-If you were to look at history of White House press corps it has less to congratulate itself for now than ever because it subjects itself to these ridiculous WH press briefings that are out of a totalita…
Hypocrites are always uncomfortable around comedians.  #WHCD
Hmm...you seem to not like when people in media have opinions that differ from yours. Now imagine feeling that way every single day for ten years. Think that might catalyze, I don’t know, say, a strong distrust of the media and media personalities in general??
They're lashing out because it's easier than accepting the truth that they are complicit in the state of our politics today. At least now left and right can agree that the media has a credibility problem. Thank god for @maddow, @Lawrence and Brian Williams.
It’s astounding and disappointing and infuriating
I feel like I’m in the upside down.
I’m confused... it’s like they’re scared of losing access to the White House if they don’t defend that lying woman???
As we expected: Chrissy Teigen is, again, “at the Nexus of The Universe”!
Basically you can give someone a cruel nickname or insult the appearance of a rival's wife but God forbid you make a joke about how disgracefully someone is doing their publicly funded job...That would be crossing the line apparently
Its like they can dish it out, but cant take it...
That’s one of my all time favorite Seinfeld episodes. And yes. Agreed.
Cosigned.
SAME
This division and vile hatred is exactly why trump won. He will again. As a democrat, im embarassed.
I wasn't a fan of the charcoal joke but I wasn't caring THAT much....I was too distracted by Mr. Cheeto taking a damn "Hispanic" roll call to a crowd that booed.
They would sell their behinds for a headline.
They can't be pissed at what they've enabled from a whole sector of society.
Right? What the hell? It's FINE for the President of the United States to say and do whatever the hell he wants. Attack anyone he wants. Call people sons of bitches, mock women, minorities, make fun of everyone with his damn JH nicknames--but a comedian?? That's too far.
Two wrongs don’t make a right. Sarah Huckabee Sanders was the picture of class, sitting there for an event she was invited to. Let’s raise our children to not bully others. Life is too short and precious.
Just read the Kanye Emma Gonzalez thread. It's so damn good.
Chrissy it was just locker room talk!
Hard same.
Shut up
I think they're trying to distract from the ugly truth @michelleisawolf laid down on them.
They all deserved it.
I am literally celebrating MW and her  today.  She pulled a double slam mic drop. 
Watch the whole performance. Masterpiece by @michelleisawolf
Right? Cracked up when I saw the YouTube feed- cnn, msnbc, all of their headlines were nbd, but Fox’ headline? MW Bombs at WHCD     
They mad cuz she aired them out too,  reminded everyone who benefits from having a doofus in the oval office.
So its okay for liberal elites to attack women based on their looks but id conservatives do it is misogyny huh
Please show where Sarah was attacked for her looks I could  Easily show you where 45 attacks women for their looks all the time but there was no attack on Sarah for her looks
So because trump does it is okay for you to do it to women? Seems hypocritical
If you really cared about women you would condemn both but you don’t
I might have had something to say if Michelle actually said something about Sarah's looks but she didn't so your false sense of outrage is ridiculous
I just love when you people can't actually find anything to backup your  crap talk.  If telling a lie or that she's a liar to her face which is actually braver than saying it behind someone's back is alarming to you no wonder why you support trump
Me toooooo
Agree Chrissy,  get the phukk over it Huckaschmuck,  you lie every day for a man who ONLY insults wiman.
Wait... who said when they go low we go high?? Cause the WHCD sketch was not what that looked like?
She’s not representing any party or philosophy.  She’s a comedian doing comedy.
People must bote to restore our culture and values in the USA. VOTE THEM OUT
Every year before it was a celebrated event.. somehow Trump and goons managed to turn the #WHCD into a personal attack on the president? Is it us or is it them... weird ass mofos.. get em Chrissy
Seeing the journalist reactions actually makes me more concerned than I was previously about the media and their impartiality. Be nice if they were even half as outraged from the verifiable lies she tells every day.
TBH...Kim should have had you heated when she offered her daughter up for fellatio for tickets to ur hubby's show...JS
If the women don’t speak up, they’re afraid they’ll lose their access. That’s all.
These are the same people who probably think Mad Magazine is a disgrace to journalism, too.
Totally.
She deserved it.
Me too!! Journos seem to not be listening to the words, just feeding the outrage machine
Donald will get another term at this  rate.
SAME
SCREAMING
Reading my mind @chrissyteigen . I'm pissed off at all these media outlets being the fiercest defenders of poor Sarah Huckabee Sanders. That woman spews hate every day. And she can't take a few jokes? Can't handle the heat - get out of the kitchen
This is what they’re doing to Michelle Wolf.
Love this!!
Me to girl, me too
How much $ did this #hatefest cost the taxpayers? #WHCD 
Anyone other than me curious as to why Huma Abedin was there?
When I first heard the bit I thought she said “fat” instead of facts. I guarantee Maggie @maggieNYT thought the same thing and instead of owning it she’s playing dumb.
They've bonded over a....misinterpretation/mishearing....of a roast..... :O
We are in the upside down.
Me too. I've been reading about it all morning. A joke about her bad makeup was the only reference to her looks. The Aunt Lydia joke was brilliant. As Sarah has said, try getting a sense of humor
The joke was about then burning evidence and using the ash as makeup... It wasn't even about her makeup. It's almost more of an insult to her looks that people are trying to twist it into an attack on said looks. They did the same thing regarding her and Jim Carrey...
Honestly, I thought that @michelleisawolf was brilliant and the Aunt Lydia joke was on point. She spoke the truth.
Agreed. Ludicrous.
My god their their skin is like
Donald Trump is a sexual predator. But let’s criticize a comedian  #conservativelogic #TrumpCrimeFamily. What happened to sexual predator @BillOReilly?
  Usually I'm up for it all, but I'm out on this one.
“In with anger out with love”
ME TOO!!
Trump and his whole administration offend the American people everyday.

These takes by journalists are sooo bad
Is it bad that when I hear his voice I think of The Bee Movie? 
Don’t get stressed!!! You’re carrying Jesus’ baby!!!! #ImHeatedToo
Have to imagine the  takes would be different if she hadn't called out the media profiting from the Trump presidency
Watch this. You'll feel better.
Me too. It's the most disappointed I've been in them since they gave Trump wall to wall coverage, beat the emails horse dead into the ground, and created the "two sides of the same coin" narrative leading up to the election.

I am so aggravated. A G G R A V A T E D.
What are you even saying?
We already have a George
Make this for them
@chrissyteigen wanna tell us when you did this?
