We took a mold of my body and made it a perfume bottle @KKWFRAGRANCE 
Gotta Love Chrissy 
On my soul
My Kate Spade perfume is already shaped like my body.

I’m so sick of seeing this woman naked on my timeline. Can she just not? Please? For one week?
Just block her and mute her name and move on
Too much fun complaining about Kim
It is ppl get so made over the internet and I just troll them lol
Mad*
^Complains about getting mad and then gets mad
Lmfao I got blocked for correcting his spelling HAHA.

Will they make a new mild every year so you can see the rapid decline of your posterity
Hahahahahahhaahhaaaaaa yes
 amazing!! 
Will it have a blurry minge like Kim's?
"blurry minge" has made me laugh more than anything else today: thank you 
You are one of best things about twitter. Keep it up, you make me laugh every day with just being you.
“You are one of best things about twitter. Keep it up, you make me laugh every day with just being you.”
Damn people can be nice and it doesn’t mean they have to be “rewarded with sex” your opinion is trash
ur clapped
I don’t even know what that means but congrats tho
Wow I love you and this just made my whole day
How are people taking this tweet and spinning it into sheer idiocracy? I have seen screen grabs of people thinking you are shading Kim... clearly people don't understand nuance.
 i love @chrissyteigen
And I’m sure it will smell sweeter
Savage AF

Chrissy is a riot lol
I did the same thing with my body. The scent is of stale, suppressed farts.
You could call it “Baby Fat” and in small script “by Christine and John”
Lol. All in good fun.
Chrissy. Sweetie.. the bottles will hold the same amount. Her ass is equivalent to your pregnant belly. Lmaoo
You are hilarious! 
 #kween 
Love it!!!
I will NEVER forget that a porn tape made this girl famous. And it baffles me how the sheeple stay on that trampy ride.  Proud of my 18yr old for not buying into the tramp glam scene.
How you get to the track is different than how you stay in the race.
I agree, but trashy is trashy in my book. My opinion.  Its not like they blast positive vibes. They blast drama and dysfunction. Stifle reality and that hurts learning youth. Once again my opinion
don’t hate on the tramp glam scene. i rock it
Do your thang lil sis, just stay in your lane while you do it. God Bless
A baby bump bottle! That would be awesome. #BabyBumpPerfume
Epic clapback 
You need to be in marketing girlfriend 
wow these God of War graphics are amazing


Don’t think so, Chrissy. That @ss ill hold a couplr tanks worth perfume!

Since ur preg will you have another mini bottle inside the big bottle?

So fucking petty
Omg I love you !!
You have more class than any of the Kardashian’s
/thread @CaffeineAndHate @doctorwho_dat @tinyelvisbkwd @viewfrommyoffic @DaiseyDoesIt @SilipigniMario
That long-overdue slate-wiping asteroid better hurry it’s ass up!
I loved the comment where someone just posted a picture of a bottle of Aunt Jemima syrup. 

You're the best. Always lookin out for your fans :') ;) XD XD XD :))
Wait until your 9 mos pregnant so we get maximum perfume volume
If my wife comes home smelling like a plastic surgery, I’ll be mad!!
Can we call it Ugh? Please call it Ugh.
And the bottle never really stands upright comfortably and always looks a bit like its going to fall forward.
"Ugh. For those times when you wish you could outsource the Joys of Pregnancy to someone else."
Eau de la ache
I think youd have more sales with a Halloween mask of your face   *insert barf emoji here 
Please call it Eau de Baby Legend
 stop it. I’m gonna die laughing.
My perfume scored more than 5 points on Family Feud and smells like CVS
Just rip off Jean Paul Gaultier. So not creative.
Un victoire de @OM_Officiel aujourd’hui et c’est le week end parfait. Merci Deauville !
Kinda young, kinda now. Kinda free, kinda wow!
And it will be naturally beautiful. Not some plastic pastiche of male fantasy
hahahahahahaha!  i love you so very, very much @chrissyteigen
Since Kim's body is fake, they're going to put water in the bottle and call it perfume. #SheIsSoFake
I mean, it exists?
I wouldn't buy it.
then don’t and while you’re at it, keep the comments to yourself.
"I DONT AGREE WITH WHAT YOU'RE SAYING SO KEEP THE COMMENTS TO YOURSELF IN THIS PUBLIC FORUM OF DISCOURSE."
-You
well actually, i said “then don’t and while you’re at it, keep the comments to yourself.” can you read? i said this because she was shaming kim kardashian. she was being rude.
Considering her body is what has made most of her money and perpetually allows her to further augment it, I feel like anyone can comment whatever they'd like. Perhaps she wouldn't get shamed for it if people didn't needlessly worship her for it. A fake body undermines
Body positivity by furthering the notion that one must conform to traditional labels of attractiveness in order to be viewed as attractive. Young girls, including my sister, look in the mirror every day wishing they looked like her, when she bought how she looks. It warrants
I’m pretty sure @chrissyteigen would be SO MUCH FUN to hang out with
How about putting something useful in the bottle like booze?
This made my life so much better!  #Illbuyforsure
Chrissy you are literally an icon
You're hilarious. I like you. #GirlCrush You and your husband are adorable, but you're awesome on your own; actually you make him more likeable!
I got the flopsweats so bad when I was knocked up you'd have had to slather me in Speed Stick and dredge me in cornstarch, otherwise the plaster would slough right off.
I just love your tweets too much and I started following you three and a half minutes ago...
is that you Husn Hai Suhana
This  the best
#lol
Commenting on this junk is more your speed. You and your husband should refrain from politics because it's way too complex for you both.
Go for it.

What competition? You are way hotter than Kim Kardashian
A mold of my body could hold febreze
I mean they really could of just took a mold of her @KimKardashian vagina and it would hold more perfume than both of them combined
Omg 
Bahaha I love this.  I’ll buy that perfume @chrissyteigen
So many fragrances coming out @chrissyteigen
If it smells like that banana bread, that will definitely sell.
That’s nothing. Mrs. Butterworth had her OWN SYRUP BOTTLE.
Wonder if cosmetic surgeons get any royalties for their part in creating Kim’s bottle.
With all the plastic in her body, isn't it really already a mold?
G-d I love your tweets6
“What do we want?!” 
“Perfume!” 
“How much do we want?!” 
“A lot!”
And then you'll make the glass SIX INCHES THICK like all the perfume companies do so there's only THREE DROPS of actual product? :P
Excellent idea. I must get into this perfume lark. My bottle will just be my grumpy face. I will call it "Aggression - The Fragrance That Overpowers Haters"
100% would buy
This exact shape already exists @KimKardashian . @JPGaultier makes some AMAZING fragrances in these beautiful bottles. Please tell me your design will be significantly different. His are timeless & #classique I wear the laced bodice one daily 
Yeah thx but I think  you can BOTH keep your bottle bodies. Though of course I respect that bottles come in all shapes and sizes.
I'd buy this for sure!!
I have some mold on my body that is rather fragrant.  It almost definitely won't give anyone a fatal respiratory infection.
 I love this

Who cares. Cover up exhabitionist
U ok?

I guarentee you @johnlegend and @chrissyteigen are so mad at @kanyewest right now!

They used to make music together and now look.…
Im dead
Yasssss 
It should be your head lol
I fucking love you
She loves to show off, why did she blank out her cooch?
Ya called “Nasty”
Go Chrissy!
Mathematically, yes. However, what will you call said perfume? The people are wondering....

Does she have scoliosis? Just curious from how she’s standing.
Took a mold of her body?
Cripes, isn't she about 75% silicone already?
 you're my favorite
This is really the "one up" match I've been waiting for! Perfume bottle volume war!!!!!
Do it!!!
@frangipani_x
Love it!! I'll buy, Chrissy!
Neutron  alert...
S-A-V-A-G-E

That would be really beautiful! If you think about it
Also, in what world are you bigger than Kim?
every @chrissyteigen tweet
well I'm going to cast a mold of my immense misshapen bulk on the John and you'll get TWICE the Jeau d'Toilette in my bottle!
@kawxox
Oh my goodness
I’m about so tired of seeing Kim naked I swear on my mother....
I wonder if she regrets lasering her baby hairs
The #mepew movement.
I love your humor @chrissyteigen  Thanks for keeping it real!!

I think @taylorswift13 could beat you both by releasing a scent called Taylor's Whiffs *parp parp*

You have a nicer body as far as I'm concerned.
She’s not exactly beautiful is she!  Come on, she’s a has been. So what, she has millions in the bank.  But is she happy?

Why the sudden shade on @KimKardashian ? People start drama from literally anything

Too funny!
You should name it:
Retweet 
name suggestions : butter rolls, buns in the oven, not pregnant just full, the 12th course, this is seconds, Chriss(p)y
LOL'd @ 'not pregnant just full'...
Im here for it
I’m dead 
This response is everything 
Chrissy. You’re the gem of all gems in you group messages, I just know it!!! LOLOLOL

She should worry more about her insane husband than worry about her toilet water.

I’d buy it 

More ain’t always better
Chrissy is the shadiest girl on the Internet rn and I’m here for it #sorrynotsorry
lol 
@eilisbradley
@KimKardashian Chrissy is going to get her own perfume bottle body mold and it was have blackjack and hookers. In fact, forget the mold!
How long is @Twitter gonna keep this @KimKardashian filth on their MAIN PAGE. WTF @Twitter
I’m buying it.
LOLOL.....the day I use my body as a mold.

HAHAHAHA
people who hate on kim are just jealous because she’s rich and they’re not
IT SHOULD HAVE A MINI COMPLEMENTARY SMELLING PERFUME INSIDE IT OMFG
@chrissyteigen i love how you are! Your children are damn lucky!
@jessicahhhh
I'm ctfu
Chrissy you are a riot!
 You are awesome 
@chrissyteigen is just winning twitter #honestly
Now that I will purchase  both you and your husband are beautiful as well as your blessed babies

She took the mold OFF her body (the huge ass crack) and put it in the perfume.
I'll buy it!
THE. SHADE
You are crazy LOL
Hshaha
Teigen by the gallon, now with 40% more Chrissy
Please never leave Twitter
This purposely childish sounding tweet is cute and funny coming from you but like it also sounds exactly like another 2am @realDonaldTrump tweet at his enemies

Bahahahaha perfect
love you!
Couldn't the photographer find a barrel?
Here - hold my beer.
#makeperfumegreatagain #ihatetrump
Buy a plastic bottle of a plastic body a la Kim? No thanks
But will it be better?
But Good ol Rayc ca Smell and he said, phew!
My body could be considered as a can of chili 
She'll hold more perfume in her ass than your whole body. It's synthetic, but there's more of it.
The Costco of supermodels!
I love this response!
Why are you like this
Ewww
Oh oh make it smell of pizza!!
Me
I seriously love you and your twitter account lol  bringing me life
Kim West is a soft porn star who so desperately wants to be a hard core porn star.

Omg
It will probably smell like sarcasm and bacon and thats what I want
I will buy it
Every time I read about her, it’s something absolutely ridiculous. Everything about her is fake.
