Contrary to popular belief, the sushi burrito is actually worth the hype 
you're so petty
So much rice, not enough fish.

My new fast food truck, the Sushi Log Ride
Koreans call that kimbap that hasn’t been sliced yet. 
The Goddess herself has spoken.
Look at Moes pretending that their burritos are real ones
HEY don’t disrespect Moe’s like that
You da realest. Thanks for having our back, Kinley.
Now I want an actual burrito
Simply, burrito implies tortilla, if not, that's not a burrito.
Chrissy T:::::: voice of reason. Ur like the Cameran from southern charm, but like of twitter girl.
Lol, or we could just call it a maki roll.
YES CHRISSY
#fakeburritos
This is kimbap!
Thank you! I also dislike this trend. You can't just wrap something in something else and call it a burrito.
Wait Chrissy are sushi tiny burritos cut to pieces?
Thank you for bearing much needed truth to these food trends. I'd rather stare at food porn of roasted vegetables. Not a joke. Very into that.
Agreed! It’s not a burrito just because it’s not sliced up
Tell em Chrissy! Nope!
Yuk!
Aka a huge ass maki roll.
Probably better than a cone as you reduce the amount of seaweed proportionately. American ingenuity at its best. Don’t be a hater. 

So I guess you have never been to @eatburedo in DC
Isn’t that a maki roll?
Barf
this is called an ehomaki and in japan they’re available at the start of february for setsubun. so yeah, not a burrito, like you said.
There are suchi burritos. In fact we have a restaurant here in DC that makes them. They are delicious.
I love this. Can you bash more food trends? Like the UNICORN TREND?
chrissy teigen, an educated woman
IT’S A THING @chrissyteigen WE HAVE A RESTARAUNT HERE ON KAUAI AND THE SUSHI BURITTO IS AMAZING. standing firm on this.
@MelissaD18 ...
Why do we have to ruin everything? Sushi doesn’t need a Hummer equivalent
@natateaaa @theyearofelan it looks like bibimpap
SEE I TOLD YOU @LinneMacie !!
That looks nasty
The cone point is called a hand roll THAT is a bomb ass looking sushi burrito
Best sushi burrito is in Denver tf
This is a sushirito shawarma and it needs to relax

Burritos are folded. It's just big sushi. Rubbish.
No germ, it’s most definitely a burrito
Nothing about a hand roll is a hand either.
Giant maki sushi, not a burrito.
Omg she stay going in
I hate everything about these types of “hybrid foods”
PREACH
Wait, but is sushi just little burritos 
Have tried “sushirritos” and they do not taste as good or fresh as the little hand rolls. Really bizarre fusion.
THANK YOU
Burrito. Sushi log.  I don’t care I just want it IN MY BELLY!
Every time my roommate made these for dinner, we called them sushi poop rolls bc that’s exactly what they look like. Still taste good tho
I’d say that’s a burrito
chrissy come to dc and let’s eat Buredo together
Had a legitimate sushi burrito at one point and it was great -- what's with this big roll
The sushi burrito is the worst thing to happen to food since since pineapple on pizza
 I see you out here snatching wigs again.
Thank you!
To quote my husband "why do you wanna eat that? So you can shit a salmon?" 
Who cares tho sushi is an exception to the rule unless it’s not fresh.
These are gross lol. Raw fish bite size is great, but a huge load of it is not a nice mouth feel
That’s rly disappointing
Someone forgot to cut it and was like...”ummm it’s a burrito”
Gracias.
Thankyou!!!!!

And this stupid poke bowl trend is just repackaged charashi!
Hand rolls are bomb
OMG... agree. 
My birthday sushi! Spicy California Roll.. preferably CUT! That sushi burrito would be an overkill imo. I'm still acquiring my taste for sushi.
Eating one of these would make me feel way too American. In a really indulgent, appropriating overkill kinda way.
You know what else is worth the hype? Sleep, motherfuckin sweet sleep when you have kids!
Thank you! I hate these food fusions with a passion!
CORRECT ON ALL FRONTS.

Let them have fun Chrissy!!

Or is it just a giant maki roll cut into two?
They over did the rice portion which makes it a burrito. Been eating burritos for 53 years, pro status here.
Big enough for a family of four
Are you okay?
Oh my god WHY AM I JUST SEEING THIS
My twitter wields special powers that are outside my ability to control....first mayor mark...now Chrissy...
Maybe that’s a sign that you should tweet Luke Bronin 
Going to start calling sushi rolls small burritos

There are deep existential implications here but I lean towards the Teigen Doctrine.
I feel like this approaches “is a hot dog a sandwich” territory.
Issa kimbab
Preach
VOTEVOTEVOTE...whom do you want to be your next President? http://www.celebrity4president.com  OR download the APP (Celebrity4President) VOTE NOW and check out all the GREAT STUFF!!!
my mom is korean and this just looks like when she would make hundreds of kimbap but we were impatient kids and she’d give us the ones that weren’t sliced yet so we’d leave her alone
Hai Street Philadelphia YUmmy!
This opinion is on point
RIGHT it’s just sushi before it’s cut into pieces & it irks me
Everybody wants to call things a burrito what the hell
Temaki
next question: is a hot dog a sandwich
These things smell SO BAD my god.
I made Sushi burritos by accident working as a Sushi chef.
Looks like me getting out of bed
Too much rice.
@PeteJolicoeur
I bet she hates on calzones too. Wtf is a cone point
My god i love this woman
The best thing since sliced sushi.  They say.
Someone says. I think?
i love u
I’m sure Chrissy loves you too
THANK YOU. Sushi "burritos" are dumb & unnecessary
Preach
Agreed. #notaburrito
I want to get @chrissyteigen and @scalzi involved in a battle over what does and does not constitute a burrito.
at this point that’s bastardized kimbap
Isn’t this Kimbab? Korean cuisine? They’re supposed to look like this
big slab of Nori *yummers*
Well a burrito is usually sushi
Yessss please tell them Ms Teigan!
@morgnshappy  swear you would say the same thing
I wholly agree with her
It’s a giant cut roll before it’s cut.
Would still eat it
THANK YOU CHRISSY FOR CONFIRMING THAT THE SUSHI BURRITO IS RIDICULOUS
Not a lot about it is sushi either #no
Eeeewwww!
Go to Sushi Girl on Kauai and try their sushi burrito. Life changing. When I’m there I have at least one s day, sometimes for breakfast
Is Chrissy the new Gordon Ramsey? 
I can imagine chewing on a strand of nori for 10 minutes.
Thank you.
Forget the burrito tho. How do you classify the sushi burger?
Why would they do that?
Yes, but is it a sandwich?
oh no don't do that HP. don't start that discourse.
@abuela_chismosa damn she out to kill
Spittin some real truth tho
Also, also, the fuck dude. If you wanna make an actual sushi burrito just replace the sea weed with a burrito wrap and the fish with meat or smthng. But I reckon a burrito wrap doesn't taste good with REAL rice.
Calling a sushi roll a burrito is like calling bacon a steak or smthng OK I'm not good with comparisons but my point is: burrito now a days are just food rolled into stuff and you called sushi — an Asian food that is already rolled — a burrito.
First of all what fake rice did they use to make this. My Asian ass is very triggered.
Chrissy's right. It's literally a giant sushi roll. Nothing burrito about that.
have you tried sushirito?!
Yeeeeeeeessssss! Next time you’re in SF, you have to try @Sushirrito. It’s THE most amazing!
is chrissy teigen the new gordon ramsey?
Are you okay ? You’ve been angry . We’re all worried and love you .
WhAt is the simulation in about
is the Gordon Ramsey of Instagram food.
but is it a sandwich??
In Korea they'd call it Kimbap and would be basically a sandwich.
that's what sushi looks like in a lot of places in Australia lol
Should be wrapped in a tortilla.
The new Gordon Ramsay??
そのとおり。
It's a burrito. They cut it in half for presentation. Rubio's does the same.
True, but the popularity that came with the new name has made it easier to find premade uncut sushi rolls, aka the best grab and go lunch.
Why do I feel like you’re embodying @GordonRamsay with your burrito commentary right now 
Hahahaha! So on point! 

Aka what all sushi looks like in Australia.
I worry about you guys
"Listen I'm tired of the spiders running off with my sushi. Can you make it big?"
If you like shitty sushi, this is awesome
Correct. And it’s poor quality fish with an inordinate amount of rice. It made me gag tbh.
it’s so bad!!!! the rice to fish ratio is very off and there’s not enough seaweed to support an adequate bite!!!!!!!
And, unlike an actual burrito, they’re fucking impossible/incredibly inconvenient to eat.
Sushi burritos are also a pain in the ass to eat! It gets everywhere! Hand rolls all the way!
We call them lunch in Hawaii
@jcdevivero  she got it right!
Its actually very good. There’s a place called Roll-on-in and they made sushi burritos poppin’ and the burritos are literally better than normal sushi and I have no idea why???? Its literally like a Chipotle when you go in, you can choose whateva
Top Chef needs you as a regular judge. 
Anyone else not love nori?  I think it tastes like pond scum, but I love sushi rolls.  If the nori is fried or there's just a bit, it's palatable. That big thing looks gross by the way.
Correct!  Pizza Burger? No way get that out of here! Both pizza and burger have been perfected. No need to mix the two. Same with everything else!
@foodbeast and others like them has helped create the worst food trends. Mixing already perfected foods. No thanks.
giant sushi log
Thank You!!! How is anything a burrito without a flower tortilla? The Legends are forever invited to the carne asada.

the only thing that counts as a burrito, is a burrito.
THANK YOU.
Have you seen the reddit called “We want plates”? I feel like you would find lots to rage at.
I agree a bruitto is bread Ed with Bean s and other yummm
Enough with the flapjacks.
It’s all disgusting, no matter the size or style.
I’d eat it ... don’t care what it’s called.

Thank you.
Whatever it is it looks delish. I am starving.
CONE POINT lol
I know white people are responsible for this. They be out here cross cultural appropriating like Mcdonalds selling whole fried chicken strips with ranch on em wrapped in a tortilla. Like:
Come to Chicago
Tomorrow on some news feed "7 things that @chrissyteigen says aren't burritos"
PREACH!!
I may not agree with your opinions but I respect the intensity and passion
I LOVE THESE OPINIONS.
really enjoying this stand you are taking. don’t take no shit from these people.
I dont understand sushi burritos you just dont cut
I agree! I had it when it first got popular. I thought it was fusion with it being wrapped in a tortilla so when I unwrapped the foil and saw nori I was incredibly disappointed 
I don't even think rolls are sushi, and that log is not a roll

Now I want sushi...
Drag her
PREACH

@ArianaBegs24 well she isn’t wrong.....
sassy pregnant chrissy is my favorite chrissy my god. go off on everything please. (except me i love you so much)
Sushi Burrito is my new drag name. She’s raw and she’s spicy!
Thank you.....just thank you so much.
That’s pure sushi, uncut.
Go awf cis. Tea is tea 
And it tastes awful. Sushi is meant to be eaten in small portions, not in big swooping bites.
Exactly!
I hate it
If that’s Uni I see can we just call it delish? If it’s spicy mayo, trash it.
The point of sushi is to be enjoyed in a single delicious bite. NOT GIANT OVERSTUFFED AMERICANIZED BS
i refuse to believe those things could be good. what makes the burrito work is the homogeneity of ingredients so you have a consistent experience. this looks like 1 bite of pure cucumber and 1 bite of pure fish
No but I'd still pay full price for it.
Chrissy pretty much taking no damn prisoners tonight. #airingitout
And it’s so sloppy it’s killing me.
giant sushi log
Eww too much rice not enough fishy
Uhg, this looks gross - Sushi is supposed to be small and nice looking. Combining visual appeal with good taste.
But I want it.
It's a burishi and I want two.
Pregnancy makes you extra salty and I loooooove it
Sushi burrito? Giant hand roll with no cone?   @wasabisushipdx can call this Hot Cheeto creation whatever they want because it is fucking delicious.
I like sushi burritos because it can calm my sushi craving with a smaller price tag
This is just a large uncut maki roll
