We're talking about a guy who implied he didn't like the view of Hil from behind. Who said his accusers were lying bc "did you see her?" Ivanka, Kellyanne, SHS & Megyn are soft targets, as many women are, for looks gags. The discipline of avoiding that is its own accomplishment.
She did the same technique w Trump. She listed the easy shots—he's nuts, he cheats, he colludes—then consciously picked the one thing that bugs him: revealing that he's NOT RICH. I said this last night, but it's the one subject he barred at the Friar's Roast. So she went for it.
Oh come on. If that gruff impression of Sarah Sanders wasn't all about the bow-wow I don't know what is.
It was a literal imitation of how she acts—she yells at people like a bossy disciplinary teacher. It has nothing to do with her looks. She DOES this, it's not a made-up thing. It's practically her brand.
That wasn't an imitation of a teacher; it was an imitation of a man. And what about the eye makeup joke? Not buying it.
What? No, it was not. It was an imitation of a gruff, bossy gym teacher; there's nothing male about that. Shirts vs skins, don't be such a pussy, etc. The eye makeup joke was a COMPLIMENT to her makeup—she had a perfect smokey eye, created from the ashes of burned facts.
It was masterful really
I broadly agree with you, but the comparison to the slave trainer in Handmaid's Tale sailed close to the edge of your case, I think; the joke worked because of political resonance attached to physical resemblance.
The dig was about the behaviour of Lydia not her looks.the comparison is accurate.
Sure, and I liked that joke. But it worked partly because there's a physical resemblance.
I think Christie was the only one whose looks were insulted
I think you're right.
Well, @SenateMajLdr’s neck was mentioned...does that count? 
I’m honestly not sure. I suppose. But, for a roast, I still think that shows remarkable restraint
Absolutely. & everything she said needed to be, to that exact room & those exact people. @michelleisawolf was savage. And  HONEST.
#TheTruthHurts
#flintstilldoesnthavecleanwater
The slam about McConnell's neck needing circumcision was most definitely a slam about looks that bears frequent repeating. She missed the easy followup about Stephen Miller having been overcut, tho. Disappoint.
She went with the Ryan balls joke after... I thought that was one of the funnier parts.
She did make fun of Sarah’s eye shadow and compared her looks to an unattractive person in handmaidens tale. I can’t stand Sarah but the physical attacks take away from the legitimate attacks on her lying to the American people who pay her salary.
She said her eyeshadow was perfect and that she made it by burning facts and using the ashes. Her comparison to the Handmaids Tale was not about looks, it was about her being the female disciplinary enforcer for a misogynist government.
Come on... I hate Sarah but she was making fun of her eyeshadow and look at a picture of the character ... there is no question about it.  It takes away from the legit issue of her lying to us. Trump has said much worse and he is president and is horrible
No, she wasn’t. Her eye makeup is impressively done—a smokey eye is hard. She was making fun of her for making it out of lies.
I so admire your patience and perseverance in this thread. 

Also, the left is truly doomed.
Next year's WHCD host should forego original material and do what FDR did to HL Mencken: Read POTUS' insults as if his/hers and then reveal the real source. That'll teach them a lesson.
Agree. POTUS is the worst offender of the lot.
well, except the Sanders eyeshadow gags
That was PRAISE for her eyeshadow technique: she called it a "perfect smokey eye." The insult was saying that she was resourceful enough to burn facts, then use the ashes skillfully, as makeup—the point was that she's a non-stop liar.
So you didn't hear her compare her to Aunt lydia from the Handmaids tale? I'm sure it wasn't her acting like lydia, but comparing her looks. I guess people hear what they want to hear. It should've instead focused on uplifiting. Because that wasn't a roast. It was pure cruelty.
No. Her job is *exactly* like Aunt Lydia: she is the frowning female enforcer for a fascist patriarchal society, punishing those who resist her lies. it has a tinge of the looks element, but that's not the point of the joke, at all—it's aimed at her job.
Clearly some people do not watch The Handmaid’s Tale or that joke would have landed solid. Just bc you googled Aunt Lydia and jumped that it was about looks does not make that Michelle’s intent.  Read the book.
I’m not sure if this was directed at me because I do watch it and have read it. Mind control by Sarah? That’s hilarious.
She gaslights America on a daily basis, is that not a form of mind control?
For the record... I think Ann Dowd, as Aunt Lydia, is physically beautiful (gorgeous eyes, smile, face and figure) It’s Aunt Lydia’s cruel condemnation of human nature in blind allegiance to an abusive theocracy that is ugly... Hence, the @michelleisawolf comparison works #WHCD
I'm curious of your take on the female journalists calling for an apology. 5 by my count.
My take is that they are wrong, especially if they claim that those jokes were insulting SHS’s looks. And also that it is silly to call for an apology from the comedian who did her job, which is puncturing bullshit.
Why would those journalists demand apologies from a comedian and not the president whose vile lies are broadcast daily by SHS? Waiting for an answer @maggieNYT
because Trump is their Golden Goose
Yup - and @michelleisawolf called them out for their opportunism. THAT is the source of their outrage, not her comments about @PressSec or @KellyannePolls - both of whom lie and gaslight the American people on a daily basis.
absolutely. Truth 
I agree 98% and thought it was overall a great job. But wasn't the "softball teams" thing based on SHS's build/butch appearance? And I felt a shade of that in the "Aunt Lydia" comment too. Those gave me pause watching it, surprised criticism focused on the eye shadow line.
I agree that there's a drop of that in both jokes. But they aren't at all the premise of the jokes: she IS a fascist-patriarchy enforcer, like Aunt Lydia, and her whole style on the podium is pure bossy gym teacher, yelling at people. To me, that's fair game.
Yeah, they're not the premise, and the functional parts of those comparisons are strong (at least the Aunt Lydia one). But they land only with the help of the looks working. And that creates some collateral damage. Most hosts have worse looks-based jokes. But not perfect.
How much collateral damage has Trump left in his wake?
A whole lot more! If you look at my comments on the thread and on this in general, you'll see I think the set was great and the attacks are well-earned. I don't think it was 100% clean with regards to looks. It's rare that even very good satirists are clean on those levels.
I concur.
Her aim at the enabling press was spot on, too.
Totally. She hit all the tough targets and none of the easy ones.
and *that* is what makes a talented comedian. I don't always care for her delivery on @TheDailyShow  segments, but goddamn if the content isn't always sharp.
She called maddow Peter Pan. I think that got the closest.
Peter Pan is gorgeous.
and almost always played by a woman on stage.
when i was watching last night, it sounded to me like Michelle Wolf was insulting Sanders' appearance when she talked about her burning fat & using the ashes as eye shadow. but maybe she wasn't saying Sarah is fat? what did u think of that? overall thot Wolf did great!!
She said "burns facts."
thanks for letting me know i misheard. that changes a lot my perception of the criticism there. wow, "burns facts" was so on point!
Yes, exactly. I understand people mishearing it, because it's a close sound-alike. But the gag wasn't at all about weight.
No fat jokes.
Perfect timing!
I am hearing this "burning fat" so much now that I have to wonder which media is putting THAT out that people are listening to?  
"Sarah Sanders burns facts and then uses them to create the perfect smokey-eye. Maybe she's born with it, maybe it's lies." -- Michelle Wolf
i was watching it live on @cspan last night & that's what i thot she said. but i'm sure there are conservatives capitalizing on how it sounded like that to try to take advantage.
Yeah, it's okay to make fun of white women because they are white. Racism anyone? The only thing impressive about MW's "routine" is that she did not get heckled or booed more often.
She wasn't making fun of them being white. She was making fun of them being racist enablers of a misogynist dorkus-malorkus.
Trump puts all these women in power in his admin and he's a misogynist-- doesn't quite make sense.
Trump has one female Cabinet secretary, Nikki Haley as his ambassador to the UN, and his appointees are largely male. I think if you were to compare the Trump and Obama administrations your comment would not hold up.
Hmm,, I really don't agree. I see a lot of empowered women in the Trump administration. For Obama, not as much.. Loretta lynch -- that's about it.
Just because you can't remember doesn't make it so.
Giving a handful of women jobs doesnt negate misogyny.
Calling her Aunt Lydia, mocking her make-up, "I'm just glad Sarah finally got to go to prom" ... that is classic Mean Girl grist about her attractiveness.  I know you know this.
She called her Aunt Lydia because she is the disciplinary enforcer for a patriarchal fascist. She didn't mock her makeup, she admired it—and said it was made of lies.
Oh, she definitely mocked her makeup. And Sanders's make is done professionally, so it is disingenous to pretend Wolfe was complimenting her. The prom reference is to the way the makeup and shimmery clothing was “evening wear” inappropriate to a professional job.
The way a person dresses and makes up is a choice, so it is fairer game than, say, a person's body, which is not a choice. Still, criticizing a woman's presentation, which is so culturally proscribed, is cutting close to sexism.
Inherent in the joke is the way right wing Christian types think prom wear is the ultimate way for a woman to present herself. All Trump women must dress like expensive call girls rather than professional women.
No, actually it was a reference to the media coining the annual correspondent's dinner as their prom, their "nerd prom".
You are why Trump won. Remember that.
Glad to hear someone finally bring up trump
the coward sent his women to be roasted in his stead......they complied....and people are upset now at the woman who lobbed soft balls at them?
Bah. You know I’m meh on trump. I don’t blindly defend. That being said people like me, essentially ‘normal’ Americans, will always hear this type elitist condescension and be infuriated by it. And the result is to turn to other options. Trump just happened to be the option...
I will remember not to compliment you again  :-)
and not surprised at your infuriation at "elitist condescension" of a comic.
It seems to be the twisted buzz phrase at the moment for all on the right
 
I think we can leave this with an agreement that we both approved of this
Ha. Yes...Except the last statement. You don’t have to have liquid cash to be rich. Comic obviously knows nothing about acquiring wealth.
He's not rich. He was massively in debt and a deadbeat, to the point that no bank would lend to him. Lucky for him, but the worse for us, he found other sources.
"worse for us, he found other sources"
We know that.....but Michelle Wolf did not say that....
.I think she was brilliant......she just said HE NEEDS MONEY.....give him money.....
those like Andy only care that they "THINK" he is "wealthy"   
I do not, but I think it is gross that those who believe he is only think that wealthy is a good thing, and don't care HOW THAT PERSON BECAME WEALTHY......
There is no longer any excuse for ignorance.....
I really think it's amazing that so many women expected to hear it that they criticized what wasn't there.
Yeah people who are upset about this are really projecting
Feeling the pressure or need to defend Ms Wolf this stridently should be your first signal that the show was, overall, not a proud moment for anyone aligned with resisting Drumpf and his minions. Let's be PROUD of what we do; not defensive.
LOL. No. I'm defending her because I'm procrastinating from the draft I'm editing. (Also, she was great.)
It's not what Wolf said that's the problem Other issues R that polit. jokes R now funny to only 1 camp & insulting to the other, that WHCD is bad idea bc press & Wh Hou shdn't be bffs. Propagandists on Right may not really be offended by Wolf's words. But will skew ppl's views of
it & will use that version 2 make more ppl angry at Dems. We can fight the lies & hate tho. 
We Are Living in a Right Wing Propagandocracy. Here’s How to Change That
Did you actually listen to her entire stand up? Because she definitely attacked her looks

Right. I would disagree with this article and the points they tried to make
What has she lied about. Post the links



Totally nailed it. Similarly people give Hope Hicks a pass because she’s conventionally beautiful. These women need to be judged for who they are and what they do, not how they look. Just like the men.
Hope Hicks is gone

Interesting
I think this explains why his insults/nicknames have recently devolved into 4th grade level burns.
Oh really?  What about the comment regarding her ass?  You heard only what you wanted to hear.  I am truly amazed at the hate speech coming from the left when you all preach tolerance.
What are you talking about? There was no comment about her ass. Do you mean the one about using ash—made from burned facts— to create perfect “smoky eye” makeup?
I remember a time when jokes were about entertaining & good spirited fun. Dana Carvey didn't hate George H.W. Bush when he impersonated him in the late 80s/early 90s. His impersonation wasn't seething in disrespect. These correspondents need to stop the playground bully behavior.
Especially if you don't consider calling her fat, having too much mascara, and being frumpy not part of someone's looks. Good for you to confirm that liberals have no problem with misogyny and fat shaming as long as the woman is Republican.

Who wrote that column, Joy Reid?

Nobody believes you. You just confirmed everybody's perception of the media - as confirmed by numerous leftist media figures last night - and your backtracking convinces no one.
Just gonna keep posting this here
Context is your friend:
Um. Yeah I remember the context it was sill racist.
To be fair, Norwegians are lazy and don't keep a tidy lawn.
I lived in Vardø as a child. You don't NEED to mow the lawn when 1) you live in the Arctic Circle and 2) your front lawn is a fucking fjord...
This was central to her point.
Which is why it annoys me so much that ppl are criticising her for attacking Huckabees looks-it was something Wolf clearly made a point of not doing and republicans aren't only deliberately misconstruing a joke to push an agenda but they r almost trying to defame Wolf
The media doesn’t want Sanders upset because she controls their access.

Also they are angry at Wolf for calling them out on their craven, Trump-enabling access journalism.
Even supposedly "liberal" media outlets are chastising Wolf for something she didn't do. Not enough has been made of the media's symbiotic relationship with Trump and Wolf was right to mention it.
What show were  you viewing? Your audio feed must have been encrypted with the exact opposite of what the speaker said. Ask Ms. Sanders.
"Ask Ms. Sanders" -- that's the funniest thing yet! Ask the continual liar to tell us the truth!
This is classic misdirection. Everyone’s talking about whether or not the eyeshadow remark is an insult instead of the fact that a comedienne was the only person in a room full of journalists brave enough to call SHS a liar.  WHY?
Yes!
worse yet, all the female pundits are apologizing to Sanders
I am sick about it
I’m pretty sure she’s a leaker. They’ve gotta protect their source.
never thought of that.....but now that I have
NAAAWWWW......
She can obviously be bought & sold......but that kind of leaking would require some sort of morals........
I've heard some whining about Wolf's harsh treatment of the women of trumpworld. I personally feel more offended by their behavior-I would expect more sisterhood and less misogyny from a woman. So yes, the women of trumpworld do deserve more mockery.
All three-Ivanka, SHS and KAC- have children, a fact the right brings up when it's convenient. One would hope a fellow working mother would at least be sympathetic if not actively helpful.
It somehow feels like more of a betrayal when a hoped for ally works against you than a man who you assume won't understand your issues.
That is why it’s so stunning that Maggie has to bend over backwards to make it seem as though attacks on Sanders centered on her looks. Truth is the exact opposite.
This is what really upset @maggieNYT

I have to wonder if the people claiming attacks on her appearance are projecting their own thoughts about her appearance via their interpretation of the comments.
Ding ding ding!
She is the *first* person to call SHS out to her face. The first. SHS bullies, berates & belittles the press every day. And they take it. And say nothing. Michelle's set was a bloody & uncomfortable. And every bit deserved.
Let's not forget that @BrianKarem called her out to her face in a press conference. If only more journalists would do the same, we'd be ok.
ah, yes - I forgot about that  then he was killed  

well at least we now know who is holding the key to info access for these journalists - watch them all band & cower together
Wolf basically told them that their careers have been failures. She's right. That had to sting.
What is so disturbing about this thread is that everyone is concerned with one night of discomfort for Sanders, while she steps up to a podium and lies to the American people every day. We can’t lose this perspective!
Not even a night! A few seconds!!
Too bad, Emily, that you have to explain the subtleties of the jokes to people who don't understand comedy.
#SmartComedyOverTheirHeads
It’s beyond a lack of understanding. They’ve FINALLY been called out and it smarts. It’s interesting how that works. As long as it is “unspoken” it’s not real. SPEAKING truth to power changes everything.



They're practiced  contortionist who weren't outraged when Michelle Obama was attacked about her looks for 8 years  https://twitter.com/Fly_Sistah/status/990599718244929536?s=19 …
Exactly! Why is this so hard for people to get?! It’s like some sort of weird projection thing is happening. Oh, and lack of critical thinking skills. That, too. 

(Btw, I thought Wolf’s line about Sanders dividing reporters into softball teams was hilariously underrated.)
We got people walkin around thinkin’ vaccines cause autism & the earth is shaped like a pancake - struggling to keep a steady cognitive pace, capable of discerning incongruities is par for the course.

People are stupid.
We are living in a never ending hurricane of diarrhea, and people are whining that someone farted. We are in a civil war with liars, thugs, criminals and traitors. If anything, she did not go far enough.
Like so much these days, your comment is hilarious and depressing all at once
The thing is, it wasn't very harsh. Not in comparison to the reality we're facing where the president maligns the free press every single day with unprecedented vitriol, and is abetted by conscienceless cretans like Sarah HS.
Fox has a lot of dead air to fill today with their pious hand-wringing; Haberman seems not to get the point anymore.
was just thinking: has anyone cut together video clips of @michelleisawolf’s act versus all the nasty things @realDonaldTrump has ACTUALLY said about women’s appearances yet??
He has said plenty about others
Basically your point is that if you loathe someone's politics you can be cruel to them so long as you are careful not to insult their appearance if they are female. Trumpian behavior with Woke nuance. Thx
..I didn't see that as her point at all......quite the opposite
"Sarah Sanders burns facts and then uses them to create the perfect smokey-eye. Maybe she's born with it, maybe it's lies." -- Michelle Wolf 
Weirdly enough, the only woman she mocked in terms of LOOKS was herself.
I get it when the right ignores people attacking women. I don't get it when the left is overjoyed by it. Seems like finely tuned hypocrisy.
the COWARD trump sent his women to be roasted in his stead
they dutifully complied.....
I am left, and I wasn't overjoyed that they did nor
that they were thrown so many softballs
I did like
Just watched first 2 episodes of season 2 handmaids tale. The looks part of Aunt Lydia didn’t even cross my mind. Character comparison is just so spot on I didn’t even go there.
Exactly. I’ve always advocated for non-misogynistic ways of calling out these women. It’s much much more subversive. And actually funny.
Michelle Wolf of all people should not be joking about someone else's looks.
What makes her think she is better looking? Her regressive lib ideology?  

What woman would be considered more successful in 2018
Presidential Press Secretary
Comedian no one heard of
You just criticized @michelleisawolf supposedly going after SHS’s looks by going after Wolf’s looks. 

The captions got reversed but other than that, solid meme work there. . .
Yeah, I was wondering why anyone would want their daughter to grow up and be a lying mouthpiece for the world's worst misogynist.
And for the umpteenth time eyeshadow is not a physical attribute or immutable characteristic. It’s like mocking a combover. Not a physical disability ;-)
so many painfully straight people have no idea how shade works

You compliment someone and make sure to mention the flaw in an offhanded way. The other person is usually inflated and falls further once the insult is revealed.

@michelleisawolf is brilliant at shade and reading
@neiltyson said it best
Michelle pitched high and tight and struck the side out, clean
YES! And honestly just because SHS looked miserable and completely devoid of humour or self-awereness/deprecation, does not mean Wolf crossed a line. This is a classic roast night. Showing up and being stoic and sad is such a lame (power?) move.
I'm honestly wondering if those crying about the roast have ever seen another roast.
Weirdly enough, the only woman she mocked in terms of looks was herself.
Yes thank you!  What was it - frizzy hair no tits? She said ivanka was... sleek? And SHS had "perfect" Smokey eyes. Smh
When you have to go through this level of mental gymnastics to defend a vile and mysogonistic comedy performance - maybe just stop talking.

Is a picture of two random people wearing a mean shirt supposed to be equivilent of the white house press corps chosen entertainer?
Ah, gotcha. Classic.
The best part of #whcorrespondentsdinner outrage is that people are fighting back about a complimentary make-up joke, but completely ignoring mitch mcconnell getting a neck circumcision.
It's not about her looks. It's about her outlooks. I'll find some compassion for Sanders when her #FascistoPretzelism is over.

Or a nasty woman! She persisted with her critical political satire. This kinda thing woulda gotten her killed in Russia
We are not in Russia.
Exactly! So let comedians tell jokes and hurt our feelings no more harmful that @realDonaldTrump lies right?
Glad she riled people up!!  ;))
I'm reading the comments and I can't help but be amazed at the amount of scrutiny this is getting, yet, hardly anyone is talking about trump's crazy rally.
It's the reference to Handmaid's Tale that cut deep.
read the whole thread.......then you will understand 
I wasn't aware of Handmaids Tale either until I read the explanations on this thread
Now it makes sense.....
You mean like this one for example:
Last night, even the far-Left crowd saw the ugliness of TDS.
Michelle Wolf demonstrated how it can turn a young, attractive woman into a repulsive, nasty, shameless…
Conservatives are hypocrites, water is moist.
She made fun of her name, how much lower can you go, Emily?  Progressives so proud of their hatefulness as usual.

You are a progressive there is nothing that your hate can do for for me.  Do we want to trade stupid words, how about, “I did not have sex with that woman.” Your self righteous indignation is noted.
Like a gold ring in a pig's snout is a beautiful woman without discretion.
Proverbs 11:22 ESV
“The LORD detests lying lips.” Proverbs 12:22
@michelleisawolf  focused on the behavior, not the person or their looks. #smokeyeye
Maggie has the opposite take on the jokes. Although maybe she’s just being defensive (publicly) on one of her sources.
The jokes I watched/heard about her eye makeup weren’t making fun of her appearance? What were they?
I too think Maggie was defending a source,  someone in the Whitehouse leaks which is good for us readers
Think it acts as a microcosm of WH reporting actually. RW'ers claiming offense about a lie. WH Press in uncomfortable position of not calling out it is a lie for fear of losing access.
Non-WH Press seeing no pushback from WH Press, taking it as truth for granted...
It’s more insulting to Sarah’s looks that defenders thought she looked like Aunt Lydia instead of the context Michelle put it in, that, like Lydia, she uses being a woman to defend laws that suppress women’s rights +assault, rape, harassment, demeaning of women by Trump & others

It's supposed to be a ROAST ffs. All that talk about safe spaces and snowflakes is just IMAX-level projecting, apparently.
The whining is just a way to distract from the truth they all know- that the administration is built on LIES.
Just like Ryan firing the Chaplain. 
GUILT.
It was low hanging fruit (and would have been hack jokes), but instead she went with hilarious biting truths. She is the best. Thanks @michelleisawolf
Check it out: even @EricTrump liked her performance.
Michelle Wolf missed an opportunity with her Sarah Huckabee joke. She should have said instead of burning fat that Sarah Huckabee burns the truth and creates a smoky eye with the ashes of democracy.
Is that what they are saying on Fox?    What she actually said, is what you just said she should have     Please share with your friends
"Sarah Sanders burns facts and then uses them to create the perfect smokey-eye. Maybe she's born with it, maybe it's lies." -- Michelle Wolf
I'm kinda floored by how many people seem to think the Aunt Lydia reference was about looks. I mean, the job of the Aunts in HMT was indoctrination at the behest of the fascist government. It's a super obvious reference.
Donald Trump:
— “Grab em by the pussy”
— “I moved on her like a bitch”
— “Blood coming out of her wherever”
— “I would bomb the shit out of them”
— “If she wasn’t my daughter I’d date her”
— “African countries are shithole nations”
@GOP:
— “Michelle Wolf was over the top”
And they call us 
Don't forget he said "who could vote for that face" about Carly Fiorina.
Honestly, if SHS had just laughed when she was roasted the conversation would be so different.
All this kerfuffle because she’s a woman. Misogyny at its best.
Hes broke and that is the whole #reasonforthetreason.
Oh... like the myriad of Twitter responses from Trump supporters, who are “outraged” she comedically roasted their idols and just straight up threaten her & call her ugly? I find that pretty telling.
The unrelenting denial of your plainly factual assertions by "conservatives" show they are unwilling to see the obvious, and their straw grasping (pretty sure that's the correct "their"; they possess the act of grasping...)  for anything that's not "above board" is comical.
...Or "bleeding from wherever"...
That's why they have to either go for her tone, the supposed appropriateness, or just make stuff up.

They have no real grounds to criticize her remarks.
I think it’s hilarious people are offended by what Wolf said, Sarah lies for a man who says incredibly nasty things about people every single day. How many times has Trump degraded women publicly?
YES
So much for the “we go high we they go low”.  Of course that was all bullshit

Michelle looks like a wet poodle.

How am I a snowflake? I haven’t cried about her performance. She’s just hard to look at.
Men comedians have said far worse things at previous WHCDs
And yet all you can read about from people is that she was very mean to sweet innocent, widdle SHS and made fun of her looks.

Never mind that Wolf did not make any reference to her physical looks or that SHS pretty much owns all the balls of every reporter in the WH Press Core.
If I was to paraphrase what Michelle Wolf said:  Sarah Sanders is an ugly human being, and that has nothing to do with her physical appearance.
I got worried for a second when she mentioned Kellyanne but she killed it.  Taking shots in all directions and sticking all her landings.
preach!!!!!
Hey @maggieNYT think about it.
Well said Emily.
There was even a compliment about eye makeup!
Same here. The more I think about Michelle Wolf's speech, the more I want to defend it. The criticisms I'm hearing are not valid at all. Emily does a great job of articulating those examples in the thread.
If she were a male comedian what would the talk be today? Lucky
Ricky Gervais wasn't the nights
Comedian! It took balls for her to
Do what she did.
I thought Michelle Wolf's stand up is hilarious.  She has a special on HBO. She does comedy for females so of course that bothers many conservatives.  Her joke about Maddow was great too.
@PressSec she was 100% spot on. Because she’s a woman ‘lightly roasting’ misogyny is on display for all to see. The @PressSec is ABSOLUTELY an Uncle Tom to women.
Emily don't make me love you again I am still mad from yesterday
Agreed.  I didn't see the "smokey eye" comment or the "Handmaid's Tale" as insults toward her looks.
My favorite aspect of Wolf's performance is that she hit no false notes. Everything she said was true and that is why both the media and Trumpsters are so furious with her. My fave is her knock on dour Bret Stephens and his phony we must publish the alt-right too philosophy.
Just watched Jimmy Kimmel's WHCD set.He started with Sofia Vergara's cleavage  and went on with making unfunny sexist remarks.

Thank you!
I concur. It was a spot on roast from start to finish. The press is completely responsible for the current administration. The lies, the insults, the misogyny, the xenophobia--they're real. The jokes hit close to home. Good on Michelle for saying what most of us have wanted.
Exactly.
Many prominent journalist women are demanding Michelle Wolf apologize to SHS. But I didn't hear them say anything about the jab Christie got....
Amen
Amen, she did her job!
LIke when Rudy included a fat joke about Hillary in a speech he gave a few months ago at mar-a-lago.
cc @morningmika
cc @mitchellreports 
Thanks for taking this on. Sane, eloquent voices are vital amid this crazy normalizing and faux outrage.
@michelleisawolf roasted men about their looks and women about their work. That was an awesome touch and role  reversal. #WHCD
Anyone criticising @michelleisawolf for the extremely limited and heavily arguable attacks against @PressSec appearance, are obviously trying their hardest to ignore everything else she said about everyone in the room being complicit and profiting off of this dumpster fire!
Conservatives have never comprehended the nuance of comedy.
This admin & its spokeswoman have fostered & legitimized a gov't where they are literally forcing women, in ICE detention to give birth as a result of rape! If this isn't the time to call out Aunt Lydia, when is? #WHCD @michelleisawolf
Exactly!!!!
exactly!
She pre-empted others' attacks on her appearance by doing it herself first too :)
Chris Cillizza wants to explain sexism to you.
I agree.  I stand with Michelle Wolf.  She sure as hell better not even think of apologizing. @michelleisawolf
THANK YOU EMILY
I totally agree. It was biting but sharp and intelligent.
This is the take I was looking for. I was starting to think I’m crazy.
Bless you Emily. First for the thread and, second, for your everlasting patience in responding to the nuance-challenged.
Thank you. Among the saner media takes on this that I have read so far
Cry me a friggin river. 8 damn yrs of insults thrown at President Obama AND in a non-controlled environment does NOT come close to Michelle Wolf's jokes. Michelle was like a rub on the wrist. Not even a damn slap compared to the schit that was/is thrown at the Obamas.

Yes. Strong agree.
Yes!
"White Female Enforcers" LOL
That was funnier than anything Michelle Wolf said last night.
With that voice, all I got was this:
Get over it snowflake 
Wow, cultural appropriation...and stale at that.
You get what you put out my dear.
Looking at your page - I see you are big on "Snowflakes" and other hackneyed sayings.

Anyway...
I put out my opinion.
Sorry if you didn't like it 
This is incredibly on point.
Were talking about a woman that has no problem lying every single day for her masters, the guy that throws horrible insults at any one and everyone he doesn’t like or that don’t like him , the most vindictive man to ever steal the office
Good jokes work on many levels. Subtle allusions work with the more obvious references  to make Wolf's jokes so rich. I think she was kind of soft on Sarah, given the amount of material she could have worked with! #SmokeyEye
Spot on!
Karma is always KING!!! WAIT FOR IT !!!
Poor Mitch McConnell no one is sticking up for him? Best line of the night was about @SenateMajLdr getting his neck circumcised. Funny as Hell
To paraphrase Dante, she managed to bring light to the dark places in hell where dwell not only evil, but those who remain neutral in confronting it.
Michelle Wolfe was spot on.  She did a great job at speaking the language we hear every day from the current administration.
"...white female enforcers..." Sooooooo true!
THE TRUTH HURTS. Good on Michelle
Nailed it. I wonder if @maggieNYT has become any less of a bootlicking hack with serious language comprehension issues today than she was yesterday. We already know @mitchellreports is beyond hope.
taste of their own medicine shows us what #hypocrites they are! #maga #snowflakes and she said #BurnFacts not #BurnFat btw...
Thank you! In fact, the only woman's appearance you could argue she insulted is her own, when she joked her own name should be "Michelle Jokes Frizzy Hair Small T--s." These folks claiming insult are at best, delusional, at worst (and most likely), willfully dishonest.
The voice and delivery was brash & strident but the material on SHS not really at all.  Actual Sarah quotes would have been much worse.
Anyone on this thread who thinks a perfectly smokey eye is an insult needs a makeover.
Agree!!!! @michelleisawolf  great job!
Not only would have, but has, often. I hope every writer scolding Wolf remembers Trump insinuating that Kirsten Gillibrand was a whore like 3 months ago
Thank you Emily for being the voice of reason here. I have been disappointed in the rush to judgement by so many media elites and sadly some politicians. Thank you for getting comedy and being literate which is sadly missing from many today.
Reading these comments...wow. Everyone making the jokes about looks when they clearly weren’t. It’s like they want them to be about looks. I think that says a lot more about the people commenting than it does about Wolf or the jokes.
Or a pig — Rosie 
Or nasty — Hillary
Ikr,what is offensive is the media coming to her defense when she herself has implied the media was stupid or incompetent
https://www.mediaite.com/tv/michelle-wolf-calls-sarah-huckabee-sanders-who-attended-whcd-the-uncle-tom-of-white-women/ … but you’re ok with that. Just wow. I guess it’s ok to reference Michelle Obama as the love child of Aunt Jemima and Mike Singletary.
Or a fat pig like Trump referred to Rosie O’Donell.
Great point 
Brava! I’ve watched and read her routine.  Attacked Sanders’ looks when? Smokey eye is makeup, right? Outrage over makeup jokes? Recall Obama’s killer about the color of Boehner’s skin? The liar stuff fell flat. Wolf had to know it would. B - with the best not about team Trump.
It's amazing how many people didn't get this.
Agree
It's insane that you have to defend this statement at all.
I love how the feminists defend last night.....because they know how terribly bad this looks.  You know they were insults.  And they were low.  But keep feministing.  The double standard you set is so high.
I don’t know..I wanted to have a good laugh but she’s just not funny to me..
in fact michelle's act just keeps getting better and better.
I’m not sure how the prom joke isn’t about her looks.
She complimented Hucks looks while simultaneously calling out her actions. It’s just, beautiful.
Michelle Wolf owning Trump, KellyAnne Conway Sarah Sanders, Mike Pence #WHCD
YES!
Drop that mike!  You said that!
The double-standard is breathtaking.
Correct
Not quite sure you listened She DID go for looks
Sure, I considered myself an anarchist; I considered myself - I still am, obviously - distrustful of the government. But I also understand the virtues of civility or democracy and kindness, of course. I wasn't throwing garbage cans through shop windows. Justin Theroux
So true.
Exactly. Thank you.
Emily .. were you on planet Earth at the time of this event ???
Far more restraint than me.. I wouldn't have made it 30 seconds without tossing a Grimace reference Sanders' way.
Exactly. If white women are going to lie for trump, they best be prepared for the shitstorm coming down on them.@KellyannePolls and SHS have been treated too delicately by the press given their roles as liars  for the chief.
She really went after their incessant lying and they deserved that.
They’ve proven, with their reactions, that no two “snowflakes” are alike.
Thank you.
Their feigned umbrage is more insulting to the Press Secretary than anything I saw.

https://twitter.com/_R_S_S_/status/990472293905260544?s=20 …
She gave us so much fuel to go out and vote Democrats out this November. She is a gift to us for her low class, unfunny, booed at "jokes".
She did insult Huckabee's looks:  too much eye makeup.
No little snowflake 
Michelle Wolf wasn't funny.
keep talking...we love it when you nasty women speak up.. #KeepAmericaGrear2020
The closest she came was calling her Aunt Lydia. But that was really a set up for a joke about Mike Pence.
Emily can think, that's the real news story here.
@michelleisawolf That was not an easy room by any stretch. Most of the folk there either don't think this administration is humorous or are under some kind of zombie KoolAid trance from it.  Michelle deftly skirted those issues and went for the gold, a risk and a damn good one.
White..  for affect?   You hateful leftists are infatuated with labels.. its 2018.. why don't you join the rest of us
Zeoiw ma has k would love sms@sk
She did go after This Christie's shape, but the camera shot from CSPAN of the Outlaw Jersey Whale stuffing his  pusgy puddin' face was pretty choice.
 Thank you, @tbogg 

I'm sorry. Not sorry and now worse than anything Ms Wolf did, which was speaking truth to power.
Where would we be if we didn’t have new things to argue over everyday?
People seem to be getting bent out of shape over perception, not reality. They hear what they want to hear, which is usually far from what was really said. Like when Tapper interviewed that person about a book that they didn’t read but formed an opinion based on what they heard.
I work my ass off for Smokey eyes.
True dat!!
No, she just thinks killing babies is super hilarious though.
Maybe because she looks like something the cat dragged in BACKWARDS.
yep.
