Those would be good with Red Lobster biscuits. 

Following you on the basis of your name and that GIF. 
Welcome!

I HAVE NEVER LOVED YOU MORE THEN I DO RIGHT NOW AFTER READING THAT!!!
There's nothing #basic about #CheddarBayBiscuits 



@Oseaivy How are you and John not enormously fat??   I just read your tweets and I gain weight 
This was not the post to read while stoned.
Yo Chrissy, it's Kanye. I KNOW, I have some things to explain but it's made me so much happier. Call me girl
Oh my God, @Kellyannekanye I'm dead.  your twitter handle and profile pic is  hilarious. Well done! You win twitter from me today. Kellyannekanye 
Thanks girl, follow back. Just remember, there's a _ at the bottom of @Kellyannekanye_ . Just like my bottom ;-) #imabebadtonightyall
I just caught the _thanks for pointing it out. I'm reading Chances tweet ...
*gasp* drops biscuit
Dear God, woman. 
Do you buy the red lobster mix in a box? I normally like making stuff from scratch but those are awesome.
You can also use @Bisquick and make a copycat version.
Cheddar Bay biscuits are life.  I use cheddar bay biscuit dough as the crust for deep dish pizza. Over the top!
Where do you get the dough? From scratch?
I buy the Red Lobster mix.  Mix it like the box says, press it into a jelly pan and flash bake it for 10-12 minutes and then build pizza.
I want to be pregnant and have @chrissyteigen make all my craving foods. Ever.
here i was patting myself on the back, thinking the spaghetti i made for dinner was bomb and chrissy goes and reminds me ill never reach her level :((
Isn’t tonight dinner with Kanye and Kim? Spread some sanity on his Red lobster biscuits
Cheddar bay biscuits are the Truth!
Is it possible to freeze this and ship it to Memphis, TN? Asking for a friend. 
Oh holy shit.
How do you eat this fantastic and stay so thin? Yes I realize you’re pregnant but you look amazeballs all year round no matter what
Game changer 
@promener omg must do with veggie pot pie. Chrissy is a genius. A beautiful, sassy, genius.
This is why she is my forever #1 crush 
If I lived with @chrissyteigen I’d be on TLC’s “My 600 Pound Life” and love every minute of it
Not all heroes wear capes 
Omg omg omg
I made your Pot Pie soup for teacher appreciation day at my girls school and they all loved it.
Be still, my fucking heart.
Have you posted the recipe somewhere so that I can make it? It looks delicious
I followed you just for this tweet. 
And I'm vegan.
Me looking through your cookbook for the recipe  we need it!!!!!!
Mouth watering goodness 
You’re an amazing human
@petertripi18 canned corn
Hi please adopt me
Be my mom
O gawd, woman, marry me. 

Oh wait. I'm married. You're married. We're both essentially straight and female.

But damn. If anybody could make me cross the streams...
please invite me to your house for dinner
My fat ass just screencapped this.
You are my food hero #foodspiritanimal
i want to be fed by you!! 

You should be ashamed of how you treated @RealCandaceO the American people have seen you're true colors! Irrelevant elitist!
@devinmaytweets we are doing this

Sounds delish!  If I send you my address, will you send some to me? K. Thanks!
A queen giving the people what they deserve
@emilymedwards
this is genius cheddar bay biscuits make everything better
You need a cooking show!!! NOW!!!!!
Ohhhhhhh
Did ya make any of the pedo pizza you like?  #QAnon #Pizzagate #Pedogate

. @iMalcolmXavier Here's how she made it, in you missed it. Gonna have to buy the book for the pot pie soup recipe, tho.

I know it's not the same @chrissyteigen but do you have a trick for chicken pot pie filling that's creamy and not runny? Kills me every time, I try a roux, but nothing
We see the Kikuyu in you, Chrissy.
You cook, like, in a regular kitchen?
Why do I browse Twitter when I’m hungry? why, why, why?
OMG that’s brilliant!! 
Well, now I know what I’m making for dinner this weekend!! 
Oooooooh my God  I can’t wait much longer for Cravings II 
Where do I get your pot pie soup recipe and also how long did you cook this for/what temp?
I need this whole recipe

OMG! Super delish-was this after you blocked @RealCandaceO because you cant handle a non Hollywood blessed viewpoint?
Okay sick invite those are my two fave things
I’m calling the cops!
I fully want this emoji to be retired 
I hope pot pie soup is in book 1...going to look now! Yum.
Sounds good except for the canned corn! Frozen organic is so much better 
@Oseaivy Are you a chef? ?????????

Ok now we need the canned corn vs. frozen thawed corn argument. I will start: canned vegetables taste like metal. Only use thawed frozen or fresh.
I made that pot pie soup recipe of yours. OMG was it blissful. Mmmm. 
OMG yum
Ah! My mom uses the at home Red Lobster mix for her chicken and biscuits and it is divine!!
You're a genius!!
You’re the food-devil-goddess and I worship you out of respect and fear.
No better chef than a pregnant woman who knows how to cook.
I'm making this tomorrow. THANK YOU
Public Sevice Announcement: you can buy Red Lobster’s cheddar Bay biscuit mix at Costco. You’re welcome.
@_sarahowens
Aka Sarah make this

You got leftovers?
oh my gosh! I LOVE those biscuits! I buy them at HEB now! I'd be full by the time my food came out at Red Lobstah
Damon girl you can cook.
I love you.
CHRISSYYYY! It's too much. How can I love you more st this point?! You're a beautiful genius.

Single greatest food crime of Los Angeles - only 4 - FOUR - red lobsters.

Wait! Hold up @chrissyteigen you have the red lobster biscuit recipe?!?! I need this in my life!!
Cookbook pls ma'am
My body is ready
@KEDAjoi hmm
Red lobster biscuits are lit babe. Trying to tell ya
You are a genius.
Red lobster cheese biscuits is the only receipt hand written in my home ec cookbook from high school that I still have 20 years later. It’s the best thing I got from school.
Thanks. I just saw your post and am starved lol. Any leftovers?
Has your husband cleaned your tank recently ?
Did they turn out like the real thing?
Genius! I want to make this 
Gurrrrrl 
@channelcierra
Woooooow that’s so crazy
How are you not fat with all that good cooking you do
Obama was in office for 8 years and the Black Community struggled. High murder rates, high unemployment, destroyed black wealth,  decrease in home ownership, and he passed out food stamps like candy on Halloween. 
MLK would have been better than him! He was a real leader
Seriously, think about it. This generation are anti-gun but want to start a revolution. 

What are they going to fight with? Tide pods and water bongs?
Those goddamned biscuits. Had them once. Never again. Don’t trust myself.
I made those biscuits too tonight, along with steak, corn and salad. Now I feel better about the biscuits.
Fact.

President Trump has done more to help the black community in the last year or so than all of the politicians & celebrities in the last three decades combined.
John Legend told Kanye “so many people who love you feel so betrayed right now because they know the harm that Trump’s policies cause, especially to people of color.”

Why do liberals never specify WHICH policies cause harm to people of color? 

 I’d really like to know.
Is this in the new cook book if so I’m buying right now
Did u say red lobster biscuits...mmmmm mmm
I wish you were my chef, I can’t pay you cause I’m poor but I’d clean your house and do anything for you and @johnlegend
I mixed a can of corn with cream heated on the stove and mixed in bread crumbs tonight. OMG!
But is your leg in there, too? #SoupLeg
I did that like 3 years ago. And it was awesome. I’d totally do it again if I ate meat.
You are a mad genius. A delicious food making mad genius.
It Appears that Making America Great Again (#MAGA) Wasn't Enough. Trump Just Helped Make Asia Great Again  and The World Will Benefit. Obama, Bush, and Clinton Couldn't Achieve in 2 Terms What Trump Achieved in 16 Months. #IStandWithTrump 
I’ve made dumplings with those and they were amazing. They are amazing.
Chrissy are you single
I just drooled on my phone. Red lobster biscuits are theeeeee best! 
What an awesome idea.
Those Red Lobster biscuits ARE addicting!!
Neat couple, you two crack me up  :)


Yummy!!!
I am having an impossibly difficult time believing you've been to Red Lobster. I just don't see you lining up next to the mildewed lobster tank with a table pager waiting for your table.
How are you this awesome? I you.
Looks good

Cooking with Christine
Where can I find the  recipe, looks amazing.

@Coll__MeMaybe look at this omg
You go girl!  Eat what you like!!
You’re a National Treasure!
Was it leg soup? 
i love your ways Christine!
Wit your pregnant ass! Lol you’re so cute!
Oh girl I love you
Will you make that and ship it to me that sounds so fucking good but I Can’t even cook cereal
Lol. You are so pregnant. 
Do you use the box cheddar biscuit mix or your own take on the recipe?
@chrissyteigen I just wanted you to know, it doesn’t matter if it’s the yummy pictures of your amazing recipes or your funny comments about the most random things. I enjoy them. It’s a good relief to see someone living their best life and inspiring others to do the same.
That sounds so good
You’re killing me Chrissy! Soooo hungry!
Omg
Found it. I am late for lunch. Save me some.
Please make a cooking show, I would watch you forever
That sounds good. Pictures?
Red Lobster like, the restaurant?
Umpff yes
Stop stalking celebrities 
What’s your pot pie recipe?
Im crying twice as much now THANKS
I think I just had a foodgasm
where i’m from my grandma calls this floating biscuits 
Literally drooling
I *NEED* this recipe #carbcoma #foodie #girlsgottaeat
So you engaged in voter fraud.
BIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTCCCCHHHHHHHHH
Your a  kitchen wizard
Do you make them from scratch or from the box?
WHY have I never thought of this? 
Cheddar biscuits r d bomb. Even better w/ ham & spicy honey.
I AM MAKING THIS
You should sell plates out yo house
Cooking when you're pregnant & can eat anything = life.
That sounds fantastic!
Brilliant!
Omg sounds really good.
This meal seems like it has Jesus all in it

OMG, that looks and sounds delicious.
I made chicken and dumplings with those a few weeks ago and my family went nuts over it!
We need the recipe sis
I’m making your lettuce wraps tonight!!!!
So your food blog is starting when & where? 
Drop the recipe 
