Kanye met with Trump months ago. I don’t understand how everybody is so surprised that he supports him. Gross.
Gross?
Yes gross
I am honestly interested in your opinion. If you are OK with it, could you please let me have an example? I love having intellectual discussions.
An example of what?
Your statement, that Trump is corrupt?
i work in cable news and yesterday they found a serial killer and today cosby is a convicted sex monster and in the middle of covering all that someone goes.. "also kanye's tweets..." so...same.
Same! Working in news in CA and it was bonkers
Criminally insane.
I'll trade brains w/ u. Trust me. Your week was 5 trillion times less painful  #fkkkkkk

This upsets my trypophobia SO MUCH 
Me too!
Same ahhhhh
Emotional contagion.  No such thing as this phobia.  There’s your first step toward recovery.. it’s not real.
That’s what I keep telling myself. Yet it’s still there. It’s like saying there it’s stupid to be afraid of the dark and yet many are
Here is something to soothe
So.much.better
me
Please can it be over now. Tuesday felt like Friday and now it's Friday I walked in convinced it was Thursday. END IT NOW please.
Like an end to the Korean War and possible denuclearization of North Korea? Thank you President Trump!
Agreed! 

Hehehe great minds think alike.
LOL!
They are scared.....
amen ~ they should be!
Note: the women's march crowd cares more about the prostitutes access to johns then they do protecting the children.
Thats the power of feminism!
Chrissy we support you and your husband Jesus always.
I thought her husband was called John
definitely jesus
Yea okay we know about you. The truth is coming out
Chrissy looks pissed. Kinda like what you mean we have to keep it? We cant eat it?
But did you know #jarule is the most infuen.... Ahh Nm 
Dish it out b*tch but can't take it
She's just parroting the liberal media, who says this every week. Get her back on her SSRI's Asap.
It’s hard being self righteous
Infrastructure week is almost over
Infrastructure week never ends

Little brains are easily injured.


Lets talk about what’s for dinner instead. 
Me too gurl, me too...
A lot of good things I hope. Sending you positive vibes for a amazing end to the week.
Give me a break! You and your husband need to take a lesson from @kanyewest thanks but no thanks nobody cares what you say or do. 

You guys handled it with grace and poise, John was well spoken and respectful when he reached out to Kanye. You guys took a stance and we’re still able to stay friends with them. I respect that. It seems you can have and do it all!
No one had any business "reaching out" to ANYONE! No one's business. I NEVER talk politics with friends that I know have a different opinion. I left the Dems during their filthy, rigged primary. I would've NEVER voted for Clinton who BROKE laws & voted @POTUS Best decision made!
It’s Friday!!!
But it’s Thursday
Not in Australia !

Your stupidity does hurt.
FYI, @FoxNews is saying you wrote this tweet in response to the #Cosby verdict.
Found this on Pinterest.....looks like you had a doppelganger back in the 1800's !
https://twitter.com/dvstind/status/989947804545110016?s=21 …. Please retweet and like  thank you
Asked the light of my life to prom today Thank you everyone that helped. @Mlec2018 @MLEC_PTSA #MLECPROMPOSAL2018 #Promposal2k18 . 
Time moves more slowly..............in jail.
#Disclaimer I'ma repost as my own tweet. Just keeping it real. Love you! xo

Will give credit for a follow. Otherwise, the tweet is hostage.
I googled if it was a full moon!!!

I feel like these years are lost. 
Subtracted from my life expectancy.

RETWEET/LIKE/POST! 
ARTIST: @anikaaaamusic
PRODUCER: @ajistall https://soundcloud.com/anika-k/alone-prod-tmhwks …
You and I lead very different lives but this tweet proves that we are the same

NO KIDDING...I'm getting a headache watching everything unfold..
Yea, I bet all the things you've done over the years have all flashed through your mind this week. Bet you'd like a do over... #TheStorm
As puny as it is, I'll bet it does hurt.
 Seems like thirty...

Feel free to drink yourself into a coma.

The last 2 months of pregnancy seems like an eternity!
SAME I’ve lived so many lives since the beginning of dead week
The last year-and-a-half has covered 287 years. We are living in that world at the end of HG Wells The Time Machine
Hey!  Aren't you late for dinner with Kimmy?  Why do you still have your phone?
Read @TheWittleDemon crazy birth story and your brain will thank you
Love you Christie ,Christie!!!
Sending 
Man, you need a break. What do you do again? Lip sync to songs other people lip sync to? #keepstruggling
I’m sure your life is absolutely full of true adversity as a result of a few tweets
You should probably get to know the character, moral fiber, and, let's face it, SANITY of someone like West BEFORE calling him a friend.  If you're tolerant of those who aren't, then YOU are part of the problem.  A self hating black like West is sad and intolerable.  
Love you Chrissy!
.... You should probably think more
the short ribs were good tho, right? lets focus on the important things. and family, thats a thing people go on about "liking."
this is real life. no time to take a break for your "brain" this is 24/7
Don't worry. It's only Thursday.
Girl you worked hard to stay out of that #RHOA mess with Kim Z.. But JL got y'all out there today.
So what’s the banana bread situation at the moment?
This week has been the longest decade ever.

You and @johnlegend husband are bold and beautiful.
it's all that winning, winning, winning. we can't take any more, mr president.
I feel like I’ve lived 110 years this week. 
Lol just starting
Sorry, maybe this will bring a little sunshine to your day.
You will LOVE Antilles' new family (especially his big sister!) http://www.cbs8.com/story/38033718/disabled-dog-antilles-now-up-and-running-and-getting-a-new-home … @CBS8 @HopeNEWS8
Funny...and it is not the end of the week yet UGH!


And so many decades into this year. It’s too much.
I hug you from afar and give you nothing but love.
@sianjordan_ @Meganmwallaceee *years coursework x
Atleast Christine knows what’s happening here 
Brain hurts? Now that's hilarious! Brains.....
So sorry that the realities of rapes and racism have briefly tainted your rosy privileged bubble.
I miss Luna!!!
Omg but for REAL tho ... I’m exhausted and its just Thursday
Be a nice person!

It's probably only going to get worse...
Anyway what do you think of cronuts
So stop tweeting take a walk or something...
The truth hurts

You have understood the idea of
#FloodingTheZone
Waah waah this attitude is why democrats love POC who embrace victim hood
I just wanna know if ur a smoothie drinker... dats all
One my!!!!

It’s only Thursday!!
Big mood.
I agree that all this makes our brains hurt but Kanye showing his love for orange potus is hurting millions of lives,I commend John for stepping up but clearly Kanye is just not into being reasoned w/at the moment,I always told my kids growing up,"you are the company you keep
I'm Just Spent
Chrissy I will always love you, don't you forget that
I don't know whether you tweeted this before or after your baby was mentioned in below messages?
The always outspoken has nothing to say!!  Wow!  KW all the way!!
I love you
Lol present AND past years at that. If slavery is about to become a thing again then I identify as white now, my name is Becca Ramsey.
Mine as well...God Bless 
Thank you, got me back in focus, this is exhausting.

My entire life hurts! It's good to see honesty on Twitter.
Girl! lol lol lol

So what's for dinner tonight? White fish sounds good? 
Girl, put your feet up, get a pint of ice cream and binge watch some shit while cuddling the family.
Satanists and moonchildren... hmmmm
is this about my history class
Zzzzz
Dumb lefties.
Because someone said he loves another human being? Seek help.
Ditto
More context to this tweet?
You have a brain???
Maybe you should take a break from Twitter until the baby comes, qll these crazies can't be good for your stress. Sending you and the family lots of love!
I’m hoping for a big grand finale Friday. #ahemMrMuellerplease?
Ur brain isn't big enough to handle it all
Friday: hold my beer
I wish you were wrong, but... *sigh*
Same. Just wanna sleep.
#r9 is coming btw
Every day I feel I age a thousand years. I'll never make it to 2018 elections at this rate.
Kanye can say what he wants but John Legend can’t? Better start rapping John.


U are correct. Too much.
Meditate 
You have a brain?  Doubt it.
I have times like that but then again I think how blessed I am to be around to be part of those memories
Oh no the queen of first world problems is stressed
I’ve had migraines 4 out of the last 5 days

I think this is true about every week in the last year or so tbh
And it's only Thursday. Wine help us.
unrelated, your dress at the cityHarvest shindig was so lovely :)
You keep it all straight and add humor. Loving you for that! Here’s my fave gif!
Right?!?!  It’s too much craziness!
Watch #RHONY on a loop. It helps.
You go rest, while we troll the trolls...they make my two year old happy to be able to use an ipad.
I was reading your time-line..and all I kept thinking was...What a BITCH! Damn...you mean girl and not in a good way! Bet...you done some mean ass shit to some people. I’m going to grab some. 
Don't worry, nothing has changed back here in Springfield, OH (yellow springs).
I definitely know how that feels ... x
I thought Tues was Wed. The truth really hurt when I figured out what do it was.
Relax.  This stress is not good for you or baby.
Go out and sit under a tree and look up for 7 minutes by yourself. Seriously

I feel for you girl
Girl, have that baby & let's talk about happy things on Twitter again!
Too too much. It’s exhausting.
Sending you bags full of love! It will get better!
I’ll take your life any day.
Cohen pleads 5th 
Jackson withdraws 
Trump goes batshit crazy on Fox&Friends phone call 
Pruitt grilled for epic ethics violations 
Diamond and Silk commit perjury
Committee votes to protect Mueller
Cosby found guilty

One. Single. Day.  #ImExhausted
All I want is the #RoyalBaby name. A happy headline, please.
And you can't even have a drink 
That's a big fact, school has been especially hectic this week
1on1 and Powerade
Cook. And post pics please. I’ve been in this kitchen for WEEKS. I’m about to attempt macarons. This is who I am now.  #stressrelease
#JUSTICE does happen.
Today alone has been a couple of months. Exhausting.

@TheEllenShow Can you intervene?
And you're absorbing news for two! Twice as painful...
cant believe you've actually been pregnant for seven years
I feel you.  Tough week for head and heart.

I resorted to crappy chocolate cookies last night.
Here's a Beagle Break for you.

How about those NBA playoffs?
I know! I had twelve birthdays this week alone. I am now 258 years old.
Brah, Be for real, Jay Z be looking like @Beetlepimp lol @Beyonce

I’m sorry you’re so rich. 
 Hey Steffie, get over your bitter self.
Steffie?
Actually, yes.
When do we get this new perfume bottle and can it be syrup instead? Thanks!!!
Canon Chrossy... Say something funny to distract us. Tell us you tried cooking something and it came out bad. Talk to us about fashion or John's baldspot...
Full moon coming up. Next week should be better.
Every week in 2018.
How’s the baby Chrissy?
Time is speeding up or running out ? @johnlegend
Sometimes we have to detox and move on
What are you cooking today?
