 
*here* for you! You’re fierce, hilarious, woke, hero.
Pretty sure the entire internet just fell in love with you @ariezrawaldman nbd.
ARI!!!!!!
Now I can die.
Our new hero!
You are a scholar
Does it really cost $1200 to fly from NY to Ohio? .... I mean I just book Oakland to Vegas for $142 round trip. They didn't shop it out very well.
They lied
Yeah sorry .... Wasn't meant as a serious question. Lol.
The gentleman is @ariezrawaldman 
:)
Omg @ariezrawaldman you win the interwebs.
*rushes to follow Ari*
It's @ariezrawaldman and turns out he's a real catch

Please tell me this is the same dude that dresses up like the monopoly man and photobombs congressional hearings.
Nope -- that's me!
I think I just fan-girl fainted.

Diamond and Silk are the Devin Nunes of Milli Vanillis
Girl you know it’s true!!!
Someone funnier than me calls them Cubic Zirconia and Polyester, they've lied so much.
The guy sighing in the foreground is pretty sweet, too.
I would totally be the guy sighing, desperately trying to avoid eye contact with anyone.
More like Cubic Zirconia & Polyester...
Diamond & Silk?! You mean, Pork & Rind! 
He fine af!!! Hit me up baby boo
This is my new favorite thing but everyone is completely looking over the other guy taking in a deep breath to hide his laugh 
The video version for those who would like to see more agog faces and sighing
In contentious exchange with Rep. Jeffries, Diamond and Silk say FEC filing showing Diamond and Silk were paid $1,274.94 represents reimbursement for plane tickets, not field consulting work: "We're familiar with that particu…
It looks like something useful did come out of that hearing after all.
>>>>>>>
Love you. Yes it is. But my fallback meme when ppl are idiots will always be this, the Queen meme:
It’s like the fake shocked before you spill ALL of the tea! 
The guy @ariezrawaldman making that face at Rubic Zirconia and Polyester is all of US. Diamond and Silk maybe my skinfolk but they ain’t my kinfolk.
Love that last line.
My favorite quote from Zora Neale Hurston.
There are some in this regime that I can use this for too shaming any of us that resemble. Love the sentiment and thanks for sharing.
Has anyone pointed out that this man is clearly a poorly-disguised Jake Gyllenhaal?
That's obviously a poorly disguised Patrick Dempsey.
he's also a SNACK
suddenly, i want to go to @nylawschool 
He’s cute
But did she say "Lord Trump?" No, like seriously, I need answers!!!
Bahaha she said Laura Trump but it did sound like Lord 
Oh my goodness thanks for clearing that up! I was so stuck! I thought I heard lord but then I listened again and was like nah, I'm pretty sure I heard Laura but then I couldn't be sure
We are all that guy, tbh, Chrissy
diamond & silk , lol , time for these dweebs to go away once and for all
I am so ashamed for black aunties everywhere
he fine af though
whenyouknowheslyingbutlethimcontinue.gif
Let's be honest, it will never top this.

We love diamond and silk!
thread of reaction faces
tfw u are trying not to laugh at a Congressional Hearing in which Diamond & Silk are yelling at Congresspeople about being demonetized 
Yesssssss! When I watched this clip yesterday all I could do was look at his face! It’s the best! 
The queen has spoken!
Shouldn't you be asleep? #sympathy
Now I have to google who Diamond & Silk are...
But what’s his @ 
 @ariezrawaldman
Thought reimbursement for travel was not considered pay! But hey when liberals have an agenda to destroy ppl at least they are colorblind. I'm sure libs were happy to see that congress were representing their Facebook cronies over normal avg citizens trying to make $$
@Tamarmarie92
I mean... cute and a law professor?? New favorite gif.
IS PREDICTING MEMES A JOB I WOULD LIKE IT
My favorite part was this "At one point Hardaway complained about people saying Facebook was a private company and not a public utility, because “they went public in 2012” — referring to the company going public on the stock market." Hahahahaa!
His life will never be the same
. That's an old school 'Marple', from the fabulous Margaret Rutherford's Agatha Christie roles!
My reaction when I’ve literally just been scrolling thru ur twitter at an unreasonable time of night and then you post a new tweet
This is the greatest. Diamond and silk sounds like a bad show at a worse strip club.
He looks like #ScottRogowsky who hosts #HQ trivia game with out glasses.

Why is."Q" all over this family?  What have they done that's Moral wrong ( that's been hidden) soon will be brought to light. I am understanding it has to wrong doing w/dirty ruthless ppl. Protect your kids folks BoogieMan/Woman lurk where u least expect.
They’re paid puppets who should be avidly ignored.
Speaking of @DiamondandSilk, here they are explaining why Trump isn’t a racist:
He’s a fantastic Professor
If you watch the entire thing, at one point when they're talking about the email from "miss bush" they say "Our Lord Trump", dude in the blue tie catches it and mouths it. You gotta listen.
Looks like an epiphany #InternetBillOfRights or they will shut us all up
@ReaganGomez @chrissyteigen photo

Is he available? Asking for a friend...
Diamond and silk are national embarrassments.
Says the white guy *trying* to fit in lolol
Get on the trump train..
Yesss.. He has been identified. Those faces were the best!
He’s awfully dorky-cute!
I call ‘em “Rhinestone and Burlap”!!!
Why not tag them and let them know how you feel?
With all of the lying going on there, I’m sure we can be expecting perjury charges any second.

#DiamondAndSilk
#AmericanGladiatorsReboot2018 
@ariezrawaldman is so cute!!!
Such a cutie!!!
Cubic zirconia and rayon
Love you Chrissy!
i need to date the glasses dude. please @chrissyteigen youre my best shot
Yeeeees
Are you part of the alt-white? You must be if you attack these two wonderful women. Obviously you are an African-American hater
Oh, hello, sailor! 
He is v hot.
Emphasis on the hot.
Ari is fine.... I feel like I need a consultation. #hotprof
LIFE
He looks like he could be the new @bachelor and redeem all the Ari(e)s. Someone put him on!
Gold!
@promener this is your boo’s doppelgänger
OMG IT IS
Got the 'hot' part right.
Who is he? I wanna know
Poly & Ester are fake from their wigs to their drawn on eyebrows!
Yes! @ariezrawaldman FOR. THE. WIN! 
BET founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force
Yeah, Bill Cosby. You're off to jail, though
Is this the new white guy blinking

I’ve watched this too many times, it’s probably unhealthy
Chrissy Teigan when the conservative wave comes in American pop culture. You will be one of the few people who will never ever be welcome.
That wave ain't hittin' the United States
MRW I'm having cake AND ice cream for dessert
Lol. Yep, that’s about right.
Uhhhh he is fine...why can’t my law professors look like him 
Diamond and Silk > you and John
I know this dude is smokin’ lol
Who is bae in this here gif?
Omg @chrissyteigen! I don't know what's inside your head 
But u r fucking delightful when u nail politics. 
@Oprah needs a political roundtable and you be the host... As a producer of course. 
Chrissy you tweeted this at 2:41am. Why are you up.
You said you wanna do what?!
He can meme all over me anyday
I’ve been busy fighting for legislation in Michigan that will help cancer patients so I’m just getting caught up on all the Twitter stuff. You and John are two of my favorite people on planet earth
I need to find out who this dude is 
Bhahahha haha
@chrissyteigen the meme prophet
surely!
I love you but you don’t ever notice me
Alright, someone needs to make a meme where the bad boyfriend is checking out this gif while his current girlfriend (blinking white guy) looks on in disgust
Whiteguyraisingeyebrows.gif
Amazing!!!! 
Awww your welcome Mrs Teigen
