Disabled parking should only be valid during business hours 9 to 5 Monday to Friday.
I cannot see any reason why people with genuine disabilities would be out beyond these times. 
#auspol
Unbelievable, how can someone be so ignorant? Apparently those of us who have a disability cease to have a life after regular business hours? Ok-then. 
Thank you! You’ve always been my spirit animal, that asshole speaking about people with disabilities needs a reality check! I love you for it! I have a disability, a job, & 2degrees. I can’t walk perfect but my mental state is like everyone else
Hella disabled guy here: I am not Dolly Parton, 9-5 is not a way to make a livin’
From one disabled person to another!
Who’s who in this scenario?
You can be Tom Cruise... I'll remain nameless lol
lol
I love it when you do this. It’s like opening the gates to let the wolves come join the party
Shit it’s 6:55 am, guess I better tell my grandma she can’t be disabled yet until 9 am. Sorry granny, but Daniel makes the rules around here
I predict his karma smack down will be epic.  My sister in law has been in a paraplegic since her early 30s when hit by a semi. She still raised two small children, cooked cleaned, and did all the errands her family needed. Shame on this dipsh&$
The best response was from a disabled woman, who said, “We’re disabled. We’re not vampires.”
A cunty take!!
We that are handicapped do have lives past business http://ours.next  I will have to lock my electric scooter up after 6
smdh
What a pathetic attitude this guy has!!
Disabled shouldn't go out at night?? What the heck!!!
Talk about the dark ages!!!
Disabled people are vampires too??
So I can hang up my cane at 5 and just go on completely able bodied?! Stylish! Especially looking forward to the weekends.
i'm ashamed this dude is australian
This is awful. So the disabled can't do anything after 5? Or weekends?
I wish someone had told me we can stop being disabled at 5 pm. I thought this was a life long battle. Good to know! 

This is disgusting. What a take like what an asshole or what a take as in you never considered it before? This should never be considered this guy’s brain must be fucking oatmeal..

This has to be a troll posting.
Yeah being in a wheelchair totally changes my hours of actually living.
and exclude people who go out for a fun time... how disrespectful.
Daniel Lawson should only be on Twitter between 0:00:00am and 0:00:01am.   I cannot see any reason why anyone would want to read his stupid posts beyond these times.
Omg
Wow  there is so much I want to say but I’m just going to bite my tongue 
I'm SO sorry, Daniel. How dare my husband & I leave our home outside your previously approved hours. We just wanted to LIVE OUR LIVES.
@DanielLaw1998
I just cannot even begin to understand the logic behind this
Like you don’t want disabled people to go out for dinner or something...?
Or party in clubs or go to gigs or get food or dare I say, go to work??  wtf
Why are you entertaining this?

Who is this idiot?
Definitely not a troll
I'm thinking of going for a jog or perhaps ride my bike. So many options.
With 1 brilliant reply
i love dylan.
So, where would you cage them after the business hours?
Uh...
Wtf
Do not feed the Troll
Omg.
Fun fact: disabled people don’t need groceries and have no friends to hangout with after work.
I hope this is fake news from that dude. If not, I don’t know if I can keep going.
And then he follows it up by misinterpreting someone’s desire for a popular ice cream bar as an opportunity to hit at a disabled guy for being gay, too  (props to the #disgaybled)
How will I sleep tonight knowing I've stood between a disabled man and his nightly cruising of public toilets?
Took a look at his profile, he's a real gem.
He misspelled "#asshole"
Because disabled people don't have a life?  What a tool!
Has he confused disable people with reverse vampires?
my God what an asshole Mr Lawson is lol
My favorite part is this retweet sandwiched in between all the disabled people bashing 
Come on, don’t give trolls attention.  They love it.
Yes, because having a disability is only 9-5 are you for real!!!!
What a lovely Friday in April. What should I do? I know rant about the disabled. Maybe @Daniellaw1998 should stay off of Twitter between the hours of 6am and midnight
So no on Dr. appointments, emergencies, and grocery runs then? No for access to the arts? Those slots are for folks to participate in ALL of society as folks do with only stubbed feelings for being late to shit all the time and not able to find parking as a result.
That's the dumbest thing I've heard all day and I've heard from Trump and Kanye...
very confused as to where daniel thinks people with disabilities go after 5... does he think disability is just a day job?

Are they serious?!
and old people should only be allowed to the shops during the week so they don't hold the queue up at the weekend for people who've worked all week
Omgggggg
@NuclearTakes
This comment this man made genuinely pissed me the fuck off. If disabled people have specific hours to be out so should non disabled people. #Equality
He’s got a disabled mind, I wonder if he knows??
Mmmmmm people with disabilities are exactly like you, a disability is only part of the person. I have a better idea, how about fuckwits like you stick to your own sad life and quit thinking you're above anyone with a disability. BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT.
It's really hard for me to understand how people can be so fucking stupid and horrible.
Soooo, my parents, who are in their 80s, still drive and ambulate with canes, shouldn't go out to dinner anymore, nor should they run errands on the weekends, or go to church and brunch on Sundays. Got it.
Seriously! I mean, when did able-bodied people get so laaaaazy. You have to park a block away because this spot is for handicapped? At least you can WALK. Ugh 
Seriously! I have a disabled parking permit for my car. I sometimes drive my father in-law to appointments. He's blind and in a wheelchair. I don't use it for me. I'd rather park far away and leave closer spots for those in need. Bonus: I get my steps in! LOL
I especially don’t get this at grocery stores. The complaining person is about to walk around the aisles for who knows how long, what’s an extra couple car lengths in the parking lot? Aaaanyway...it’s nice you take your FIL places :)

He’s a dumbass...
Time to stop feeding this troll. He seems to be enjoying the attention.
?!?
1) "They" are not "them," they are "us."
2)  Fake disabilities is a thing?
smh
If you go on his account it is terrible. This isn't even close to the worst thing he's said.
Can i edit your tweet a bit?

"Holy. What a shit take."
He is seriously a f..ked up human being.
Bad look on you Chrissy for giving this person attention, says alot about your priorities #NothingBetterToShare
Even if this WAS the case, those spots wouldn't be open when this asshole is driving by, they'd already be filled up.
You have a foul mouth, disgusting!
@danielLaw1988
You can't fix stupid, and this guy is living proof.
He has 162 followers, how do these tweets even get discovered and become a thing?
Gee, I wish my severe Crohn’s disease stopped after 5pm...  this guy is nuts

Because there is a time frame one should be handicapped within? Oh
These people say these things out loud. They also ... vote.  What a time to be alive.
That's a case of Discrimination
Their boss could have asked them to come in early or stay late. #Generalize
WTF
I can't believe he said this!!! As if folks with mobility challenges are on punishment and don't deserve to be outside after 5. I'm done!!
Why would you increase this guy’s air time?? People like this just want attention...all they do is spread hate.
Way to give this racist piece of shit attention on your platform 
Or maybe only during hours of darkness. Nobody wants to have to see these people, do they?
Wtf
Anyone up for a Nancy Kerrigan retake? Just asking.
WOW! Guess he's looking for special idiot parking.
I wish I ate enough crayons as a kid so I could maybe understand his logic...
"Disabled people should rearrange their lives to serve my constant need for utter convenience."

Awe yes. That looks like a mighty fine hill to die on.
DAMN! You bonkers Daniel.
Me: opens twitter...

Blown back and plastered to my chair by the force of this take
If only there was a time curfew on tweeting hateful crap. Think we could all use a break 9 -5.
We need to stop giving this guy a platform. We need to ignore these people into obscurity
Here’s a take for that a**clown... my 7 year old is wheelchair bound. She goes to school, so when should I be taking her to have fun? So sad that a grown-ass man is having a b*tch fit because he has to walk 10 feet to get into the grocery store.
I wouldn’t call this a take so much as a theft.
Meh, I’ve reported him for inciting hatred for a group of people. He’s not as clever as he thinks he is. #sad
Ohhhh so this is why it’s blown up. Bless u
Don’t panic, but I often accompany my disabled husband on adventures OUTSIDE OUR HOUSE after five pm.
We shop, eat, go to movies, attend our spawn’s scout meetings & track meets, people watch....it’s almost like legs aren’t *actually* what makes you a real person!
What an asshat.
Wow!!!! #bekindNOTselfish
Not just his initial statement but his follow up ones ...... what the actual!?!?!
That man seems to be both compassion and reasoning disabled.
Yah...dumb!
I think all people who think and act this way shouldn’t be allowed out after 5pm .
But did you see this response? I laughed for a good ten!
Why does he care? Unless he’s just trying to use disabled parking spaces for himself and pissed off he can’t? What an ignorant guy.
But then what will us disabled vampires do?
Holy fucking shit. Is this guy for real???
Loser I have a disability, and I go out anytime.
My 93 year old father is a foodie.  He loves to go out to eat - lunch, dinner, midnight snack after we leave the ER from a fall he had earlier.  We need the disability parking spot, thank you.
Idiot!
@DanielLaw1998 your statement is beyond rational
You shook yet chrissy?

I thought we were crazy conspiracy theorists?
Man she turned out to be not so Super!
Ahh how many people with a disability you all know?  As someone with CP I like the outrage but let's check it a tad.
Because people like me that deal with pain and disease on a minute to minute basis don't have the luxury of of choosing when I can walk or the anxiety attacks that come with pain. I don't have a choice, you do. Quit being lazy and help maybe?

Yeah cause the disabled are only out and about 9-5  I really have no words for this discriminatory tweet.
This segment of the population that seeks to regulate the movements of others...they’re a whole lotta fun. Amirite?
OMFG
I am a person who is disabled but doesn't let that stop me from getting out and this is honestly what is wrong with the world  #ignorance you have no right to judge someone unless you know what they go through on a daily basis!
An Australian who is an anti-disabled, homophobic Trump supporter. Okay then. The assholery is spreading to other countries.
Woowwww that's so ableist you must be new
If he is around 20 it explains a lot. Let’s hope karma doesn’t get him bc it will be real bad! 
Wait what... I legit thought that was satire... how could anyone be stupid enough to think that?
Please don’t engage with this person
TAKE QUAKE
If social media didn’t exist this comment would go nowhere. It would be just some guy yelling in his living room while shaking his little fist in the air. 
This is what I loathe about the internet. We get to hear the option of every moron who cares to share.
What an absolutely selfish person he must be. Wow.
It’s ok, karma will take care of this one
And once again I have to say “I love you,” although usually I just tell everyone in the room with me and not you directly, but this time “Chrissy, I love you.”
With a brain like his I don't think he has the imagination to come up with a reason why they would.
Holy Shit what a tool.
Fixed it
What in the actual fuck is this? Oh man.
I think I just threw up a little
You’d be surprised the things we face. I’m deaf and need captions. Many channels turned captions off at midnight, as if it’s my bedtime.  All good deaf girls go to bed by midnight. 
Jeez. What an idiot he is. Clearly clueless that disabled people might work, have lives, grocery shop, go to the movies....
is he just an attention seeking asshole?
This is kind of despicable, never mind, this is despicable
It’s against the law to be disabled after 5 pm in Australia.
Lmfao @Baeh_xx I can’t 
Triggered 
Correct. People with disabilities absolutely don't do anything after the hour of 5 pm as they are "disabled" and cannot have fun or experience other hours of the day...
R u out of your mind or literally that out of touch @daniellaw1998
so they're not allowed to get late night cravings? the disabled have the same rights as you and me. that includes not having a curfew @daniellaw1998
I just reported the shit out of his Twitter feed.  How appalling.
I did too!!!
Omg
What the actual fuck?
You be cray cray. And mean.
How do you find these crazy people
@lunarchar_ : "why have you locked the disabled toilet??"
Toilet Man: "we don't expect disabled people to be out after 8pm"
It's gotta be a hard life walking around that stupid!

He’s proposing a curfew for disabled people?
Is there an A**hole HOF? Vote to induct this guy should be unanimous.
What the hell... ..I know one thing..I use this emoji way to much...
...and by “take” she means “dick”
Regardless of how much this might make sense... How fucking lazy are y’all? Furreal? You can’t walk a couple more feet at night? 

Also, THAT’S the part of handicap laws that make you mad?? Y’all must not know anyone that’s handicapped at all.
Ugh I know right. They totally shouldn’t have lives. 
So being disabled is just a day job?
Apparently
Draaaaaaaag him. He deserves every bit of wrath coming.
This is the dumbest tweet I have ever read. If he ever had a disabled parent, he would understand why.
Qué pendejo
This guy is a god-damned tool!
Australians should only be allowed to speak when spoken to.  This man is mentally disabled.
Ignorant
