When you say “biscuits” what are they exactly? They look like dumplings. #Languagebarrier
Flour water/ milk mixed with egg Roll into a ball flatten & bake until golden brown Grease pan well Can add garlic & cheese2 mixture, or bake plain & add butter 
Looks like Chrissy just took them raw & put them n the chicken mixture & baked them We eat um like sandwich bread here
Is it possible she used Bisquick?  They look like their drop biscuits.
Yes she may have. I was just trying to explain what biscuits were in USA. I'd hate to explain grits, or red eyed gravy or livermush. I live in the South
I’ve heard of grits and red-eyed gravy but never liver mush...is it anything like liverwurst?
Livermush is ground hog liver mixed with corn meal and spice. 
That does not sound appetising
No. To be honest, neither does the liverwurst...I was taking one for the team
Are biscuits like a savoury scone?
Yes, very similar. Great warm with butter or honey butter.
Ooh that does sound nice!
The best ones have cheese, herbs, garlic, etc.  Totally addicting 

Those would be good with Red Lobster biscuits. 
I need this recipe
They sell the mix in the store
I was talking about @chrissyteigen ‘s dish 

I’m surprised u like it, I mean it doesn’t have avocado
Sis open the door, I'm out here
Your post literally made me laugh out loud. Tnx for the laugh today 
Haha yay! You’re welcome
they aren't real biscuits. they're as much a biscuit as these hecking dogs  biscuits are for tea
In America, they call us biscuits! You are thinking of our  cookies!!
Yeah, chicken and cookies is a totally different dish, too.
@MarylandCookie 's new biscuit, chicken and chocolate chip cookie 
Chicken cookies FTW!
@Wolfiesmom @theyearofelan she never invites us. 
It causes me great emotional pain.
I wonder if she's having Joanna Gains over for lunch?

And why isn't John fat?
I was just thinking the same thing about both of them.
She makes her own sausages.
I'd weigh close to 300 if I were eating there.
I want this. Right now. Is this in one of your books?
You know what I want? You two to have a cooking show together. Please get on that.

mouth watering. 
recipe?
you gotta buy her book, malcolm. she can't be givin this shit out for free!
If she gave me the recipe for free and told me cop the book. I would. But im not sure if it’s in the book at all so I’m going to the source.
Christine, please tell the man if the recipe is in book 1 or book 2. If neither, you need to give this one out for free after tempting us so brazenly.
You freaky bitch
Let me know if this works out, I'm kinda interested in the cat.
I had water for lunch, please adopt me
They are not BISCUITS
In America they are 
I love that you eat real food. Seriously. It makes me so happy.
Wow. I just had a stale and possibly expired poptart that was in the mystery section of my cabinet for lunch so there’s that.
How’s about you share that recipe of yours baby
Hopefully no legs were used in the preparation of this dish.

Dayum what kind of oven do you have
What exactly did you expect to get out of this tweet
Oven ideas
I'd go a natural gas convention oven, that way it preheats quickly and you get an even cook all the way through
You seem to know a lot about ovens and I don’t know if I should be questioning that
Drop the recipe 
I love that you’re not vegan. I feel accepted and not judged. Thanks queen.
Soooooooo How do you feel about adopting a grown ass 21 year old? Because I would love mamma Chrissy serving this up to me for lunch
May I bathe in this
Hell yes!
@mmandly I hope this recipe is in her next cookbook 
Oh jeez I’ll be right over
I wanna go to your house for dinners
I’m with you
I’m tryna work out what “biscuits” are?! Like...are they dumplings? Are they legit mcvities digestives in a meal?¿
They’re kinda similar to scones but a lot more soft and pillow-y on the inside! Pretty much like a squishy buttery bread in a circular shape lol
They look pretty good tbh! I want them now 
They’re so addicting, especially homemade ones  There’s a lot of recipes online if you wanna make some!
You know what I think I’ll do that 
I want to live at your house.

That much work FOR LUNCH?!

Mine usually are prepared in 3 minutes or less.
As the North American chapter president of the National Association for the Advancement of Buttery Biscuit Eater Everywhere, I commend your dinner.
Damn that looks good 
Can u plz come cook at my apartment we’re just poor, hungry college students
Excuse me miss Christine did you use red lobster biscuits on this!?
Yo I’m tryna get a “H1Z1 You Survived” for lunch but @H1Z1 won’t stop playing by not sending me my damn Closed Beta code for PS4
Bro I’m in the same shoes as you I been asking for at least a date for the closed beta but I cannot even get that smh 
Honestly man they need to start being more transparent and giving us more info
This ain't Offical but wait until 12 tings always happen around then
What 12 things
Im just saying the codes will probably be realised around 12 that when most people wake up on weekends
Hopefully man I truly thought it would of been yesterday because beta that start on weekends start on Fridays usually
Facts so people would have a extra day to download it
@SolveDaMistry need the recipe
Yes mom please make for us
@BTK1334 @VAIN_Framerelay is this like biscuits and gravy!
Ok that’s shitty biscuits and gravy tho
LOL then what is it like !!!!!!
Those were like 2$ biscuits and gravy, these look way better.
Girl this recipe better be in your new cookbook
LET ME PHOTOGRAPH YOUR FOOD !!! 
literally chrissy how dare you

not be feeding me
you putting this in a cookbook 
IS THIS GONNA BE IN YOUR BOOK
Drop the recipe sis
@GordonRamsay what do you think 
@sasshley1 Chrissy Teigen is a genius look at this pan full of magic LETS MAKE IT
Is this recipe in your book!!! Where do I find this ? 
Oh my god im pregnant
Oh man. I want this recipe!
let’s try this @Michele912
Please tell me this recipe is in one of your cookbooks
The chicken pot pie is in her Cravings cookbook and she just added Red Lobster biscuits

Are biscuits, dumplings?
I hope so! Chicken and biscuits in the UK sounds revolting.
They LOOK like dumplings....
pretty sure they’re our equivalent to savoury scones
Drop the recipe
@riana_jordann we should make this as a goodbye meal
This looks delish
If you used fish instead of chicken, would you call it Sea Biscuits?
Perhaps a clam chowder?
I can't believe within a minute of this posting how many people said something negative about the biscuits. It's Friday can you people relax?
@trevorquiett idk what chicken and biscuits is but 
I wish i could cook like you
I need the recipe 
You are the absolute best!! Funny, adorable, you cook amazing, you are a great wife and mom , you have great husband who is a great dad and a beautiful daughter and you are amazing !!! Lucky girl and lucky @johnlegend!!!!!!!!
Gimmie
Oh my lawd please tell me this is in the new cookbook
My invite had to be lost I’ll be over for dinner later tho
Where the angry v*gans at? 
Asking for a friend. A friend that wants to block every single one of them.
I'm hurt I wasn't invited. I understand why, me being an internet stranger and all. Still, that looks delicious and I'm very jealous
not fair
Adopt me
arrererfffffffggggggggggggggg I hate keto
The best thing about this reply is that twitter offers to translate it ... from Herman, lol.
Herman, German?
Autocorrect on fire, this morning, lol. Yes, German.
I mean I’m pretty sure our robot overlords are here already and have decided that fucking with autocorrect is way more fun than any Skynet shit
The number of times a bad autocorrect makes me sound hella racist makes me believe starting a war via autocorrect is possible.
I have some classic ones. Also the number of times my phone wanted me to duck someone is outta control
Yes, my phone is very obsessed with my ducking too. Incidentally, you can keto that recipe.
@HaayleyCoates
that looks AMAZING
@chrissyteigen what’s ur recipe
Broooo
Yes Please 
Can you give us the recipe please ma’am?
Anyone else think to themselves "what would Gordon Ramsey say about this dish?"
Chrissy pls, is this in your cookbook?? If so can you send me a copy along with the meal itself?! Thnx bestie
@nyrocnick gotta get her cook book 
Drop the recipe, my mouth is watering
can i come over for dinner
Damn that looks good! 
Weneedtherecipe
Dude. Recipe please.
Bisquick
Because of these photos, I went straight to the grocery store and bought ingredients to make keto chicken n biscuits. Thank you.
Cook for me
drop the recipe immediately
Is this from your cookbook?! What is that herb I see sprinkled on top? Fancy!
I wish you were my mom
bitch I wanna be your friend
That looks great.... How long would it take you to send that to Philly
Ask John can I slide next time
I wish I could cook like you
i need this recipe so i can make It vegetarian because it looks STUPID GOODDDDDD
My mom used to make this for me all the time when I was younger 
Is this in your cookbook?
How many RTs for a plate ?
YUM. guuuuurl. you need to teach me a thing or two! I'm 40 years young and the only Hispanic in Broward County whom doesn't cook! But I order a mean take out! jeje
@GordonRamsay your move now
How do I make this vegetarian because I AM DROOLING
@Unkle_Z thisssss is how we need to do chicken and biscuits!
Oh that looks delicious
FUCK!!
Oh man that’s all this pregnant girl wants now  is it gonna be in your new cookbook??
Holy shit
Ugh invite me over already I’ll do the dishes after dinner
This shit looks so good  why can’t y’all adopt me? I’ll babysit
Uhm recipe pls
How do we get this recipe???
Omg @MelAm95
I want to eat at your house for a week
Yes pls mom
Can you & John invite me to dinner one of these days
Heyoooooo.  Is this in cookbook 2???   Alexa, order that up, pronto tonto!
What did we do to deserve you
Cook for me just 1 day, pls!
Thanks for making me cry
I’m pregnant
This shit looks soooo good omg
I had a turkey sandwich...This looks slightly  better!
I must be marinating wrong cause mines usually go something like this
please tell me this is in your new cookbook!!! 
@mosayyad
Is this in your cookbook?!
Oh my god
Looks like I'm going to be buying some cookbooks
I want to go to dinner at your place 
Omg please tell me this is in your cookbook
Meanwhile, I’m sitting here having peanuts and Gatorade for lunch.
I DM you my address and the adoption papers too!
My mom always called this “chicken and dumplings” which must be because if you call them biscuits people will freak out in your mentions
That looks soooo good. Please share the recipe I’ll love you forever
Please say this is in your new cookbook
@Colten_JB_Moore
Girl you better make me some too
The replies have reminded me of the difference of food names on each side of the pond.
I needed an adult content warning for this seductive chicken.
Looks delicious!
This looks like something I'd make for a fancy dinner and  she's like "oh, hey, this is lunch today" [jealousy]
I want this next time @JoeyChristina
That is an old school recipe from my childhood awesome
Please let this be in the next cookbook
I don't understand why y'all aren't MUCH bigger than you are.
I need that recipe
@fennec_cyborg let’s make this.
@louisecox_
So I’m 8 months pregnant, and I’m wondering if I can be your roommate for the remainder of my pregnancy so I can eat your meals. Please and thank you.
PLEASE DONATE THIS TO MY FACE
oh my! that looks fucking delish
OMFG IM HUNGRY AS FUCK
Plz cook for me
Buy Chun Li, Chrissy!
@highxdosage this is a very you meal I feel
Yeah soooo.... is the recipie in one of the cook books becaaaaause.... imma need it
Actually I needed it yesterday
I need a plate sis
I’m holding she drop the recipe
What are biscuits ? In Australia they are cookies? 'Chocolate biscuits' I know I'm the UK biscuit is like a scone? Sooo confused haha
Pretty much a scone without sugar
I don't think we have anything like that here haha. Sounds interesting.
YUM! can you be my mom, too?
Doesn't it look so good
Yes, it looks divine
Do you have a bad ass poutine recipe?
@Lunainthesky_
We should make thisss
I want this 
First of all John and you are my favorites. Second of all... girlfriend, don't be opening up cans of soup. Grab a lil flour and butter and make a quick roux. Add chix broth & cream. Maybe some herbs & grated cheese. Other than that... looks like the BOMB.
Looks fantastic! Would love the recipe
how long did you cook this
And those are just any biscuits!!!! Those are red lobster cheddar bay ones!!!!!!
No keto for @chrissyteigen
I can't see the chicken it's more of soup where is drumstick, chest ...
Are you trying a racist joke?shame
I need this recipe ASAP!!!
Let me have this recipe pleases :)
drop the recipe 
OMG - that looks so good. I craved this when I was pregnant and would have eaten it at Cracker Barrel if there had been one nearby. @chrissyteigen you have star status in my eyes!!
Where’s the recipe for this?? #Nomnom
This look like some nasty white people food
That's more like chicken n dumplings.
@NeuralPlague
Too bad I'm cutting back on carbs
If I can get that recipe that’d be lovely
In the next cookbook? 
What do you think @GordonRamsay
Me- UUUUGH! 
Hubz from other room- “What’s wrong?”
Me- Chrissy Teigen makes chicken and biscuits like I do and she tweeted a pic and…
Hub- “OH MY GOD I ALREADY SAW IT AND I’M SO MAD AND SO HUNGRY NOW.”

Dieting is hard.
Oh daaamn that looks good. Curse my celiac disease!
Skinny legend eats biscuits im quaking
One day, I will be invited to Chrissy and Johns house for a plate. Or, at the very least, have a to-go plate sent to me in Ohio. One day... 

#AGirlCanDream
Recipe coming soon??  looks delicious
stop bothering chrissy and go pick up sum #tostitos #cheddar dipping for the  chicken dumplins....geez! that looks great.
can i come over miss?
Please deliver to me in Santa Clarita. If necessary I can pick it up
Seriously people take shit so serious...its just a tweet. Like it or keep scrollin...dang yall crazy.
damn you hit it with the broiler and parsley at the end too ngl it looks pretty good
frozen veggies tho
Recipe?
J'attends pour moi
Is this recipe going to be in your new cookbook!? I need it
Looks good but as a non American I don't know what that is. Could someone enlighten me please?
We had left over French toast. Monte Christo’s for lunch. 
Bad
This look easy to make @imbriangandy 
Looks like dumplings......
This looks so good!! 
This is so wrong.
Babe, where's my invite?!
Not only does she turn looks and clap back, but she can cook too. I love u
Americans... Fucking up the English language since 1781.
So confused... I thought a biscuit was a custard cream or a chocolate digestive... do they not have normal biscuits in US?
