I have an online connection who said one of the best baby shower gifts she received was a note that said she wasn't required to send thank you notes & all in attendance agreed because any woman who's birthed knows having this off your hormonal, anxiety ridden plate is gold!
That is so fantastic!
It's my gift to you. Tell the whole world you've been set free! Soldier on, sister.
When CT responds to you on Twitter
Who's dead in the floor?


Did you miss the part where she said it was a surprise.
What does that have anything to do with her friends? It is not their job to do what Kayne should do. It is not her job to take the blame for what Kayne does.
Just because it's not done on twitter, doesn't mean it hasn't happened.
She is not his caretaker. She is not his mother, wife, babysitter. She is a human being that was brought into a situation that you are blaming her for. What, because she hasn't blasted him on twitter, you think she hasn't spoken up? Even if she hasn't, once again, not her duty.
That bowl is horrible.  I bet it cost a fortune lol
Lol right!? It’s probably an ancient Egyptian artifact
Seriously, it’s like, just drop of the gifts and go! Am I right?
Mitch!!!
My fave is bridal shower gift time when the poor bride has to act surprised and thrilled to unwrap everything she registered for 
Word. I hate opening gifts in front of others bc I'm afraid my reaction is going to disappoint them. I'm mellow church-lady with most gifts and people hate it!
I wonder if @johnlegend & @kanyewest went into a different room had a ‘talk’ Maybe compare caps 
I bet it was all fake.
Trump supporters on the right side of the table Dems on the left! 
Why not ask people to donate to local shelters or places that help families in need in lieu of gifts?
I think a great baby shower would be where everyone gifts a copy their favorite childhood book.
my daughters shower coming up and everyones to bring a book new or used and sign it for the baby instead of cards.. i love it!!!!!
I don’t like opening gifts in front of people either - so I didn’t at a surprise birthday party, and it was a relief to not have that pressure.  But then guests complained that I didn’t open their gifts in front of them.
There are cultures where it’s rude to open the gifts right there. You need to do it after everyone leaves. That’s my cup of tea.
Was it as fun as it looks here or a bit awkward with you know who there?
Is @Pepperthai2 drinking wine and a beer?? She seems like my kinda lady!!!
Now that’s a dinner party I’d love to attend. For nothing more than watching @chrissyteigen eat cake from a countertop while listening to @johnlegend play the piano
That’s so cute!  My husband wouldn’t even be in the same town as mine...he was afraid he’d be called in to help and be trapped . You’re lucky!!!
I love you eating all of the cake @chrissyteigen 
I hear what you’re saying about already being blessed, but you (and you’re baby) still deserve to be celebrated and pampered! 
Jews don’t do them, bad luck. Pretend to be Jewish and say hard pass.
OMG it’s not just me? I HATE opening gifts in front of people. Christmas gives me terrible anxiety.
Do Kanye and Kim ever smile or does it just go away when the camera comes out?  It makes me lol errr time.
The fact that tou love carrot cake as much as I do makes me very comfortable with myself.
Me too. So awkward
We'd be thrilled if you helped us out, Chrissy!
Best baby cake EVER...?
Kim's IG stories showed Kanye creeping in the background video taping John playing the piano. That was weird AF.
I threw my friend a mid century baby shower today since she’s pregnant mid century (45!) here she is with my mannequin Lola, also pregnant ;) Congrats to you all!
That’s a big ass bowl
I don't have a baby but I have four sisters who do& usually you only have a shower for the first baby. Was it always a thing to have a shower for each baby? Or is that a Hollywood thing? Serious question..
We were taught only one, any more was being selfish. Lol. I think it depends on family and culture and what other generations have done. Plenty of other people I know had more than one. One was good for me because I had twins. When my third came, I really didn't need anything.
You know...you are blessed. What a great life, and well deserved; you and John seem like wonderful people. So never be anti anything that invites friends to share your joy. Don't you love buying presents for others? I'll bet you do.
I didn’t have a baby shower for myself and I don’t regret it.

Carrot cake is so GOOD. You’re my (friend) soul mate
wow times are achangin! my daughters having her shower next week its co ed bb bbq no shower theme no gift wrapping just put a tag on gift and instead of cards bring a book and sign it for the baby. im so looking forward to this new age baby shower...LOL
Why did nobody finish the food on their plates!?!?
What IS that in the middle of the table? Half of a huge nut?
It’s nice to pamper and spoil people that are growing other people inside them
Did someone photoshop @kanyewest into the photo?  
Love this so much. Agree with everything you said. Presence over presents. 
At first glance, I thought that was a promo shot for @ModernFam
me when someone tells me to open the present they gave me
Carrot cake is where it's at
I spy the Modern Family guy !! You look beautiful, pregnant looks good on you ! ( u could always bless some women at a Pregnancy Center if you have doubles )
That’s why I didn’t have a shower- I’m awkward enough around people, that would just make it ten times worse!
Sometimes you gotta let people love you like they want toCongratulations!
Will write thank you cards for tasty food.
I like giving them and making good food but hated having them given for me
Whaaaa?! Free baby stuffs!
Ugh. Yes. That's the worst.
My niece went to a school where no one opened presents at birthday parties. They played and sent thank you notes later. It was so great.
The greatest melting pot! If America could just get on board.
Pay me to write your thank you cards lol I need the money, my baby is due in June 
Can I ask you how you feel about gender reveal events? They irk the bejeesus out of me.
Had to type it in to see if there is a recipe for the ones you like.
I was just saying today that I avoid writing thank you cards solely because I hate my handwriting. I feel you!
It is such a crazy ritual...uncomfortable for the recipient and boring for most guests! Love green showers...unwrapped presents!
You hiding behind @johnlegend We see you, girl
Baby showers are not the norm for second, third, fourth, etc. children. Or is it different now?
Two babies here and I never had a baby shower. A coworker got pregnant after me too and all our co-workers threw her a baby shower. I was a little envious but I would probably have reacted the same way. I hate all that attention.
I never thought I could like you more, but you’ve done it. *slow clap*
Same. I love entertaining and being the center of attention, but I do not like all the attention on me at a shower. My husband never understood that. Hope you had fun, though!
Hanging with @kanyewest ?  YIKES.  I think we're done.
Your dad looks sharp!! So sharp that he would catch that fish without his vest! #ProudDad
I’m just wondering how it feels for @jessetyler to be in a room with @kanyewest, a man who supports a bigot?
Opening presents in front of people makes me so uncomfortable regardless of what it is.
I’m the same way, and my family made me open the gifts right when I got there.. by the time I was done awkwardly showing off baby clothes and whatnot, there was NO FOOD LEFT. I don’t wanna sound ungrateful, cuz I really did need that baby shit. But.. LET THE PREGNANT LADY EAT FFS
I usually hate being the center of attn and hate bridal showers...but the baby showers were different because we were celebrating the little being in the belly!  It was all about that cutie-to-be and that made it enjoyable for me :-)
Maaaan kris Jenner really never fuckin sleeps! This was a clever move
Girl same
I was a teacher and  almost 40 when I had my son.  I begged people not to have a baby shower. I feel weird with the gifts too.  I had five showers. One by mail, two family ones, one the kids at school threw me and a friend one.  Ugh.
Please tell Kris to tune her piano.
Agreed. I would gladly spend triple the money on a gift as long as you don't make me come to a shower.
Carrot cake is my fave ! I’ll take leftovers
Sorry for your suffering. 
I'm most impressed by "Mitchell" from Modern Family!!!  lol
It would have been nicer if they just donated to a good charity.
Lol love it, I got lured out to maggianos. I was super blessed that my mom had pretty much bought my entire registry herself so I closed it. Can’t wait to see Luna’s new bff
At least baby showers include cute items unlike bridal showers where you have to ooooo and ahhhhh over towels and plates 
Sweet
U are so fortunate to have so many friends and family who will shower u with gifts. But more importantly love. And u deserve it. We all love u on here too. Just because u are so real and down to earth.
By the time, you even get to presents, you feel you should have had two naps. Shit is hard, when pregnant. Existing as a whole, is rough. Now, grow a human, while working, moming, being a wife, and you know, still be you. Proud mom of 5, gives you all the kudos.
I’m the same way. No thanks.
My friends threw a “pamper Mama” tea party. We all went out for a great afternoon and they gave me gift cards for manis,pedis, etc. it was delightful!
Didn't you throw yourself a baby shower?
I didn’t know you were pregnant. Congrats!
Also...the pressure of opening gifts and having to remember the name of every object that might be useful for a child. I feel like I was just constantly like "Oh this thing for the babies...body...?"
I am the same way about gifts. Give me a quiet/fun evening with people I love and I'm so happy. That is truly a gift for me.
Stop it.
I totally thought that dude in the glasses was @twschwa !
Baby shower games are the WORST. Love baby showers that aren’t really baby showers
News flash, we hate watching the gifts being opened. Endless process with lots of ooohs n awwwwws. The way to go is request gifts w clear wrapping and put them on display.
Eat?
Looks super low key
Such a nice looking diverse group of friends. I love it!!!
Makes you want to what? WHAT??? TELL USSSS!!!!!
Surprise baby showers are the best.
Birthday parties and such/ the worst
MAKES  YOU  WANT  TO  WHAT  MS  CHRISSY  I  WANT  TO  KNOW  TRULY  DYJUAN D  BARNES  YAHWEH
I don't get post-first-baby showers. Didn't you save the crap from the first baby shower?  And babies can sleep perfectly well in a dresser drawer.  Their wardrobe requirements consist of a couple of onesies.  I blame Hallmark for this scam.
What did you feed kanye??! He's tweeting again!

Worried about all those cakes like did yall really eat them
Nope. I wanted to hide. But that was a little hard 
I’d pick a gift at random and make a disappointed face no matter what it is, just so you can make everyone nervous and establish dominance.
Nice for the prison to allow visits,glad to know which of yaz aint felons eh
Yeah I’m not a fan of that at all. It’s always nice when friends/family are thoughtful but I don’t want to be stared at like a zoo exhibit.
Did the dinner table conversation come up about the whoopty poopty song thing or the Trump-loving turn of events?
Ahhh look at your pops all dressed up! No fishing vest with 28 pockets in sight!!
You had Kris Jenner as a guest?   #Sad
Love is the best gift!
freaking adorbz
I thought this was the listening party for John’s new album

Go back to snap chat pls
Opening presents in front of people should be universally shunned.
Ditto
want to WHAT

