For the museum opening? It looks incredibly moving.
Yes!
See you at the Concert for Peace and Justice Friday night?
You’re getting great suggestions, so can I offer some reading material for your flight?
Just getting back from vacation so I'm a little late on this, but my coworkers are doing important work on the opening of @eji_org's lynching memorial and museum
Pls make sure she doesn’t go to dreamland
What’s your problem with @DreamlandMGM? Did we do something to you? We’ve been downtown 9 years, 12 of us have worked for Dreamland for 15 years. Jeanette (Mr Bishop’s daughter) lived above our store for 5 years and dines with us frequently. Read the Google reviews.
yikes be cool, dreamland, be cool.
We cool, just gotta defend our turf. Also, how could a place called Dreamland not be amazing? Enjoy your visit to our little town.
The only thing that makes ANY damn sense is for @chrissyteigen to get a #MommasLove at #MommaGs. Just down the street from you on Dexter Ave.
It would be a WORKING vacation for Momma!
You are closed. Lol
We got tired of waiting on you so we ate everything ourselves. INCLUDING the pickles and ice cream. Come back tomorrow. (pwetty pwease)
Fellow native montgomerian here. Martin’s on Carter Hill road. Pully bone fried chicken. Thank me later.
Disagree. Filet and Vine on Cloverdale Rd is the jam.
Why not both? Take the Martins to go, eat in 5 min car ride (extra napkins), then crush a hamburger  w/ pimento cheese & extra seasoned fries @ Derk’s.
Man. You know the menu. Props. 

People overlook the burgers all the time.
come to sky in auburn for specials tn we can hang
kressie she is Pregnant
she can get a sky dog
Ooooooh please go to El Rey in Old Cloverdale.. It's an organic Mexican restaurant!!!! It is AMAZING please have the nachos they are life changing
Yes, or Tomatino’s or Sinclair’s, pretty much any restaurant in Old Cloverdale. 
Yes altho they moved Tomantinos and the brick oven is gone!!! And so is the Sinclair GONE!!
Omg noooo. That cancels Tomatino’s. Is Sinclair’s on Vaughn still open? Life without she crab soup when visiting is going to be hard.
Yes that's the only location now!!! And they moved Tomantinos over by filet and vine and I do not like that location smh
Well at least there’s that but the Fairview location had the best food imo. Yeah that location is crowded and parking is scarce. Man I miss the Gump!
The best and it was the original location!!! I miss it too def gonna go visit soon!!!
Oprah went to Central. I like Island Delight, Martha’s, Vintage Year, and Firebirds! So many great places to eat in this part of Alabama! Enjoy your visit!
If you go to Central, you should try the pimento cheese- so good. I like Scott Street Deli for sandwiches and Vickie’s Lunch Van (cause it used to be a food truck) for burgers. For a taste of the south- Martin’s- fried chicken and pies with mile high meringue. Enjoy your visit!
That pimento cheese spread is literally the best around!! I have that recipe if you want it!!
Our Pimento Cheese is a house favorite! Come try it @chrissyteigen. Thank you all for the kind words and the recommendation!
There's a place at 7525 Eastchase Pkwy, Montgomery, AL 36117 that is apparently really really really good and fun and has great value and serves great food and has even better service.
Even possibly, dare I say, LEGENDARY food and service.
Easy. Hamburger King!
Omg yes! Or Chris’ Hotdogs.
Can't help you. But girl, I like the way you think. It's all about the places to eat. Happy travels.
My entire vacations revolve around where we will be eating and they must include cocktail beverages.  
On the plane before you get there

I was reading the comments and everyone kept saying Dreamland.  they will not have Chrissy out here eating that mess. She's better off eating Luna's snacks.
 Folks love saying Dreamland.  U might be right about the snacks!
If Dreamland is the highlight of food for the state of Alabama, we have issues. Luna's Cheerios would be a better option.
It’s not, what’s your problem with Montgomery?
Nothing wrong with Montgomery. Just saying Dreamland isn't and shouldn't be the most exemplary food choice in the state.
El Rey Burrito Lounge, Derk's, Davis Cafe, Hamburger King, and *most importantly* That's My Dog!!!!
Seriously, don't listen to other people's recommendations. Ooh! Also you gotta go to Greg's Breakfast Bar!!!!!
Oh! And Jozetti's cupcakes!!
Dreamland BBQ. Delicious But note, it is not a white napkin establishment-actually, they serve the BBQ with a loaf of white bread to be used as a napkin. But, oh my holy, is it good.
Don’t eat at dreamland girl. It’s not all that
My mom’s house!!!! She would love to have you!!!

Just drive to Birmingham and have lunch with me
hi Chrissy it’s my birthday and all I want for my birthday is for you to please drive to Birmingham and eat lunch with Will
The Café inside the Montgomery Museum of Fine Arts!!!
You are the absolute best 
Hamburger King !!! It’s downtown and near my high school !!! 
My high school is called Booker T. Washington Magnet High School if you wanna pop up tomorrow
Central, Vintage Year, City Grill, LaJolla, Dreamland BBQ, Martins, Martha’s Place check http://www.visitingmontgomery.com  for descriptions. Welcome to MGM!
Thank you for recommending us! 
I know you've gotten a ton of recs, but check out Filet and Vine - great deli and market selections.
OH YEAH!
Those sandwiches ARE SO GOOD.
You're welcome for that suggestion a few years ago.
Absolutely
I have a pretty good idea where they'll end up eating since Oprah has made a point to visit one place when she's in town. https://www.instagram.com/p/BgYlGCglqmt/?taken-by=central129coosa …
Chrissy's got more of a casual side though, I think she'd be down to eat at a place like Filet & Vine or El Rey
I imagine she would be v fond of El Rey's margaritas.
I’m just sayin, I work at the #1 pizza place in Montgomery. It’s called Midtown Pizza Kitchen. We have pizza AND pasta AND sandwiches. Plus DESSERT. And also me that will be there at 4:30
I meant to say #1 pizza place in Alabama but I was too excited (it’s really #4 according to http://al.com  but who’s counting not me)
Central is awesome for dinner. Island Delight is literally some of the best Caribbean I’ve ever eaten. Vintage Cafe is awesome for lunch. For a cute outdoor place w/ good drinks, the Tipping Point. Leroy is a good low key bar. I also like La Jolla for dinner! Hope this helps! 
I live in Bama and had no idea Montgomery had that much to offer in Culinary choices. I will keep those in mind next time I’m in town. Thanks!!
Montgomery has a lot going on! A lot of new places coming in too
Awesome, will make sure to spend a little more time in town when I get back down their.
If you want Laos food, go to Green Papaya. Tell my mom who is the chef that I miss her.
cc: @erickmsanchez because you two are BFFs. 
Grab a drink at the Goat Haus tonight in Cottage Hill! Great beer, good snacks. PLUS cool people from @ForewordSouth will be there 
Or like, not a drink because pregnancy but snacks!!!!
Go to Central downtown! Charles Anthony’s is also one of my favorites.
We agree! #dineatcentral
Davis Cafe. Best meat and three place in town.
Yaaas! Welcome to MGM! Lots of great suggestions being offered by some people I know are legit locals (and foodies!) Enjoy our city! #mymgm
@chrissyteigen let @megprpr show you where to eat. She knows all the good spots
Somewhere where there's not a confederate flag.
you’ll be in the same city as me!!!! DEFINITELY get sweet tea at dreamland’s! you will love it! 
@McAlistersDeli tbh
What Chandler said.
Martin’s Restaurant!  1796 Carter Hill Road! One of the oldest and best restaurants in the state of Alabama.
#getchrissytomartins #pls

Yes! Biscuits! There are lots of great restaurants near @eji_org & the @LegacyMuseum - but the Friday noon Montgomery Biscuits minor league baseball game at Riverwalk Stadium is hidden treasure of local food options.
Dreamland BBQ.
dreamland trash
Hi!! Omg I would love to say hello! I’m there tomorrow 
Hey Chrissy! Check out our app/website #CentralAlabamaWknd. We have info on local places that are great to eat! http://buff.ly/2FhsJZE . Stop by the station for a tour while you're here!
I once was in Selma for work. My coworker asked if I wanted catfish. I said yes. He brought me to a van where people were distributing plates.

One of the people asked me if I wanted hot sauce. I said yes! He took out a Tabasco bottle from his jacket pocket. Best catfish ever.
Chris’s Hot Dogs. Hotdog restaurant downtown, 100 Years old.
They do not know what a chili dog is, every dog comes with chili.
CENTRAL. Then go to the outdoor bar at the Renaissance and check out the AMAZING bartender BROCK!!
Thank you for recommending us. We agree @chrissyteigen. #dineatcentral
Chris’s Hot Dogs Or Hamburger King!
Fuuug. Hamburger king. Now i’m hungry
Faulkner University Caf. Best food ever
YES
Vintage Café, Central, Vintage Year, Island Delight, NYC Gyro, Hamburger King, Panera (sure, why not?), El Rey Burrito Lounge, Sol. if you like Korean, we have an INSANE AMOUNT of authentic Korean restaurants due to our large Korean population (thanks, Hyundai!).
Thanks for recommending us. We vote Central @chrissyteigen! 
We would be honored to serve you at Central Restaurant today! We are locally owned with unique wood fired dishes and lively atmosphere. 
Gosh, Chrissy, it's hard to go wrong, but here's a great resource for your visit on all the culinary excellence happening in Montgomery!
Wishbone Cafe
Lmaoo wing master

I'll buy your lunch if you wanna join me at Sol Taqueria 

Girl getchu some Central since you'll be downtown! So good  Coffee at Vintage Cafe.Also I'm so glad you're coming to the museum, it's so important!
We agree. It's so good! . Thank you for recommending us! #dineatcentral
D'Road Cafe or Island Delight in Downtown. Dreamland's not bad either. If you're bringing Luna, I have a 2 year old who would love a play date ;)
D'road deserves the attention and is right downtown and is amazing.
Central at Coosa. Located near the Legacy Museum.
Also the Vintage  Cafe for breakfast or light lunch option.  Soul cooking then Simply Southern.
Don’t go to Dreamland. Check out Capitol Oyster House, Central, Vintage Year, Little Donkey, and good bbq? Brenda’s BBQ pit or Fatman’s.
Screw Yelp. I'm tweeting Kim for the best joints from now on.
You can look at me and tell I like to eat, so I got y’all covered. 
Birmingham

Welcome to Montgomery and enjoy your stay! Dreamland BBQ or Central in The Alley. Lots of good choices in the downtown area!
dreamland is trash
Per @jadabird (https://mobile.nytimes.com/2018/02/27/travel/montgomery-alabama-history-race.html …): Mrs B’s Home Cooking (Central is also good)
And Davis Cafe! So hard to choose bw there and Mrs. B’s. So thrilled you’ll be there @chrissyteigen. It’s a momentous week for @CityofMGM!
Capitol Oyster Bar!! It’s phenomenal and owned by the nicest people
They only serve racism in Alabama
YES GIRL come down to tuscaloosa and i’ll treat you to the best nonalcoholic drinks of ur life!!! i know nothing about montgomery but i know lots about housewives which is what really matters
Girl jus drive up to auburn I got u. Moes bbq on me
DIERKS also known as Filet and Vine. Best southern food you'll ever have
zaxbys
Vicki’s lunch van- it was voted the best burger in alabama! @jimbo_turk can vouch
We are so excited to welcome you to Montgomery for an incredibly powerful experience. Thanks for being part of it!
Anything from a restaurant that looks like it may or may not have passed health inspection. (The best food always has me a little nervous before I eat it.)
In my family we swear that if looks like it might be condemned, it’s gotta be good!
Winsels!
Check your spelling buddy...
It’s so cute I have a lil fan club that checks my spelling on my replies
Glad to help.
Chris’ Hot Dog’s in downtown Montgomery!
get outtaaa hereee with chris’ hotdogs
No Chris’ slander on my watch. Keep up the good work Dowe lol
Definitely should’ve found a better pic tho lmao those are some absolute units
You should come to Birmingham, AL and go to lunch with @kaitlinkrueg and me tomorrow
Yes! Pit stop, please!
You know they have Roy Moore there, be careful, he might try to date that baby inside you.
Lol omg just spit my coffee out again. That was hilarious my friend.
Check out Central- Great place to eat, great atmosphere, great service! Ask for Brandy Creel. Take a look at menu. Welcome to Montgomery. https://www.central129coosa.com/menu 
Thank you for recommending us! We are ready when you are @chrissyteigen
Bump Montgomery, come to Auburn.
Filet & Vine. Ask for me!
I will die if this happens
Get coffee at Prevail Union!!!’
I was ab to say this YES
Central, Vintage Year, La Jolla....or my house,  of course
Thanks for recommending us! We vote @Central129Coosa! 
Martins Restaurant. Famous meat and three!
^^^ If you want dank ass southern food
What kind of food are you in the mood for?
If @EricSnitilWx  is going, it will be a star studded event.
Vintage Year is my personal favorite, though the exterior is unassuming. Elsewhere Central and Itta Bena are pretty good, and considered "upscale" (and they all take reservations, thank god).
Thank you for recommending us! We vote Central! 
If you come to Auburn University I will personally buy you the best lemonade in the world
Goldfingers in Troy, Alabama!!!!
Come to Faulkner U and we can eat at the grill, I'll pay for you
Pensacola Florida
Leave Montgomery & drive up the road to Acre in Auburn.
I’ve been dying to get there! My cousin runs that place. How was it?
I haven't been yet, tbh, but it just made Southern Living's Top 10 Best Restaurants, so it's next on my list!
COME TO AUBURN UNIVERSITY BEAUTIFUL QUEEN
Vintage year, best food in town
MILO’S
Welcome to town!! El Rey is probably the coolest spot. If you want some real BBQ, try K&J Rib Shack. D’road is another great option run with so much love by a precious woman named Janett that you would LOVE.
100% El Rey. Lemme know if you need a tour guide! I’m the curator at the Rosa Parks Museum and I’m helping out EJI this week!
Leks taste of Thailand!!! So cute in the train station near where the concert will be Friday
CHRIS’S HOTDOGS thank me later
my hometown!!!
Tomatinos is a really cute pizza place in the Old Cloverdale area and then Nancy's Italian Ice has amazing desserts 
i’m at ACA PLEASE SAVE ME FROM SCHOOL
please adopt me
This can be your view for lunch! Add some great food and a quiet location and it’s the perfect place to enjoy a meal! Open from 11am-2pm but we can accommodate your hours/ time schedule!
You definitely want to stick to Old Cloverdale or downtown if you want to get the full experience. El Ray or Central, maybe Martin's or Filet and Vine. Chris' hot dogs is okay for history, but the food isn't special
Zelda road Taco Bell
We’ve got a good McDonald’s
EL REY thank me later
Come to Auburn, AL for a quick trip! It’s about 40 minutes away. Acre and The Depot are stellar choices and you should try our legendary lemonade at Toomer’s!
Drive an hour south to Troy University and I'll give you and Luna a special tour 
My house I will cook for you
Filet & Vine!!! It’s a meat and three place. Their potatoes are the best! @chrissyteigen
You canttttt go wrong with Martin’s Restaurant!  You’ll feel all the food fomo if you don’t go
#getchrissytomartins
#getchrissytomartins
Chris’ Hot Dogs.  No doubt.
Mrs B's home cooking. It's what you need
In Birmingham 
Or just go to El Rey in Old Cloverdale
Make the trip to Foley and go to Lambert's Cafe. It'll change your life. They throw rolls at you and serve FREE sides by the bucket
Alabama here! Dreamland BBQ is always a natural choice. However, I love Lek’s Railroad Thai in the old Union Station downtown. Also, it is right off the river so you can see the steamboat and the whole Riverwalk.
Lek’s Thai Restaurant
She should just eat in Bham 
Haha I mean I can’t lie...Montgomery had some pretty great restaurants when I was there, but Birmingham is an option as well 
Wishbone Cafe!!!! What time will I be here ??
but did you ask twitter if you were allowed to go there lol
Tomatinos Pizza and/or Louisa's Bakery. It's in the Old Cloverdale district. Beautiful old homes & history!
Knew you’d be replying to this 
duh, 
it's my two great interests combined (empowered and opinionated women on social media + food)
A match made in Twitter heaven.
Go to wishbone! Best food in da city
Yeung’s kitchen
I'm so done. 
Back in my b.o.a.b days
CHAPPYS DELI
or tomatinos!!!!
Girl we got you. #pork #halfmooncookies
@chrissyteigen halfmoon cookies are 
Girl. Dreamland. Do it.
Don't listen to the haters, Dreamland is the best BBQ in the country
Hamburger King
Either that or Chris’s Hotdogs. Both phenomenal places (but I’d go for the burger)
Make sure to eat @milosburgershop at some point! It’s fast food, but it’s only in Alabama & the hamburger + sauce...girl. The sweet tea is famous all over the place. Life changing. I decided that l can never move because I’ll have sauce withdrawals & we just can’t have that.
We’d be sure to show you a saucy good time!
Call my aunt Lottie, but be ready for a word from the Lord
Sa Za has good Italian or Mrs. B’s home cooking!
Wow Chrissy liked your tweet remember us little people with your new found fame
Sa Za is a good italian place that's downtown and (ironically) close to my high school, Booker T Washington Magnet High School. You should stop by and pay us a visit! Please
ima be mad if they actually come since i’m not there anymore
Girl you better put on a virtual reality headset when you watch the snaps if they come
AGEE THIS IS THE ONE COOL THING WE HAVE IN MGM DON’T TAKE HER FROM US
Eat at Jim N Nick's!
Jim N Nick's is horrible barbecue. The only thing to recommend them is their mac and cheese (which: how hard is that to fuck up?) and their ridiculous sweet cheddar biscuits which can be okay if you're in the mood for them.
Dreamland is no better in Montgomery in terms of BBQ Montgomery just doesn't have good bbq
SALSARITAS ON VAUGHN ROAD
Birmingham
Where did you eat??? We are all curious! I hope you enjoyed your time in Montgomery!
ACTUALLY STOP WHAT YOURE DOING AND GO EAT AT CORSINOS. cash or check only. Hole in the wall most authentic marinara/Italian in Montgomery and you’re welcome
Milos
Dirk’s Filet and Vine. Chris’s Hotdog’s. Scott Street Deli. Mama’s Sack Lunches. Vicki’s Lunch Van.
Go across the bridge to Prattville and go to Uncle Mick’s
come do homework w me at the archives i’ll bring sweet tea
Can you write me a class excuse so I can go to the museum opening and meet you?!?! 
Wendy’s is pretty good
If you don’t eat at Chris’s Hotdogs you’re not really pregnant
You haven’t experienced Montgomery until you’ve experienced Chris’s Hot Dogs 
chris' hotdogs it's like 2000 years old and downtown but are u staying for the concert??
no I’m at college rn can you come back in a month
@REALPDITTIE’s mom’s restaurant has fried chicken!!!
Some of my personal favorites are El Rey @burritolounge in Cloverdale or @TippingPointBar.  Welcome to our city!
@chrissyteigen you should stop by the best TV station @wsfa12news while you’re here!
Get a sausage dog from Dreamland BBQ
For a slice of AL checkout Dreamland BBQ (I’ve only been to Bham location but it was a hoot w Deluciius ribs)
Jim n Nicks... Awesome BBQ!
My house!
Where did you end up eating in Montgomery? (Focusing on the good part of twitter which is discussing food)
If you like Mexican food come to Mexico Tipico in Prattville. 15 minute drive from Montgomery.  Me and @christine_boice will meet y’all there. Booth or table?
Bye 
I have baby sized chocolate covered oreos on my desk at work if you wanna come hang out.@vintageyearmgm would be my suggestion for dinner though
We’re awaiting your arrival
@kasey_guglielmo @abbygood_ shoot let’s leave for montgomery a lil early
Ahh I’m down
Looking at you lately, stick to fruits and vegetables from a farmer's market.
SHEEEEEEEESHHHHHH
D’Road Cafe downtown. The menu changes daily based upon what Mrs. Janet feels like cooking, but she will take good care of you!
Yes!! This place doesn't get enough credit
Café M just launched their new spring menu yesterday! Full of fresh, fun, and new spring flavors. Floor to ceiling windows allows you to have a gorgeous view over the pond. If you’re traveling with Luna, the museum has an interactive children’s wing+
+the entire museum is free so you can have a great meal and an activity all in one if you please! Equipped with a delightful hostess and young new chef!! Go check them out today!
In Birmingham.
Central is probably within walking distance of where you'll be, in an amazing spot, great decor, awesome food
We agree! #dineatcentral
Dreamland BBQ, Tomatinos Pizza, Central Downtown. 
skip dreamland. go somewhere else for bbq. chris's hot dogs. davis cafe. hamburger king.
Yep skip dreamland, find smallest bbq place and trust it
Jim and nicks BBQ! Chris’s hot dogs!! {can i come with}
Lol
Go to India Palace fam!!!!
Ohhhh the memories 
Drive 30 minutes up to auburn and I’ll buy you some great bbq
She's definitely gonna see this and respond!
Hey @chrissyteigen can you respond to prove him wrong :)
Definitely Mrs B’s Homecooking!
I second this
You can just tell the most delicious food is made here!
#MyASU Cafeteria.
bahahahaha Sylvia 
No but seriously, she wouldn’t have gotten a more authentic experience... in the South, eating at a HBCU and on fried chicken Wednesday?!
I do miss fried chicken Wednesday. My heart and arteries don't but that's beside the point
come to LAMP the foods not good but we’ll make u feel at home :-)
Can I come with
Honestly drive to Auburn and go to Acre. It’s fresh and dank :)
come to Birmingham instead and I’ll pay for your meal
Can you come to Troy and cook me some good wholesome food?
Corsinos Italian Restaurant!!!
Chris’ hotdogs downtown! Been open for 100 years
Come on down to Troy, I’ll cook for you!
HEYY!!! YOU COULD JUST COME TO TALLASSEE AND EAT AT 1220 CAFE WHERE I WORK!!!! right beside Montgomery :)
You have to eat @ChrisHotDogsMGM for a true MGM experience.
Waffle house
I got some pizza rolls at my work. I’ll be happy to throw some in the oven for you. Let me know
The best BBQ in Alabama is @FullMoonBBQ! Montgomery location is 7660 Eastchase Pkwy. 
Amazing salads too!!! Enjoy 
Saza’s in downtown! And then stop by Frios gourmet Pops!!
come visit auburn pls
Chris’ Hotdogs!! Okay honestly I have never been but my friend @aliadams_ is from Montgomery and recommended it
@chrissyteigen FILET AND VINE. Calories don't count there.
@ChrisHotDogsMGM is the best and is 100 years old in downtown montgomery- around the corner from EJI. it's on dexter-same street as MLK's church!
How do you feel about hot dogs? Chris' Hot Dogs has been open since 1917!
Filet and Vine aka Derks!
La Jolla or City Grill. Locally owned.
Welcome! Lunch - Island Delight downtown on Dexter, Chris' hotdogs,  Tomatinos in Old Cloverdale. Dinner - Vintage Year or Central. Baked goods from VY Cafe and coffee from Prevail :)
Filet and Vine, @Central129Coosa, Bibb St. Pizza in Downtown Montgomery, and @vintagecafemgm 
If it ain't Filet & Vine, it ain't right.
Come down and join us as we serve the EJI volunteers on site.  Or come visit us at one of our locations in Montgomery.  We're a hometown local deli.  We would love to have ya!
