“Do better, Chrissy. This is not a good look for you.”
 and a gofundme for the dog
Hey John and Tommy, when will Chrissy be on the pod?
2 months ago
Oh yeah. John even performed on stage. This is what the news cycle has done. My short term memory is just gone.
Haha man even this episode feels like it was 5 years ago now. Trump adjusted time is crazy
It’s worse than daylight savings time.
At least it only takes about a week to adjust to daylight savings time.
And 17 will mansplain why it’s a broth and not a soup
I'm asian and I'm calling it phoe, boo
Wait...is Sambar a soup? That has drumstick in it, which is a kind of leg..so leg soup..called it.
Telling my mom about you
Man it has to be lunch time, I’m hungry.
Enjoy your broth
firstly, don’t stigmatize rabid dogs, secondly, madman is ableist, thirdly, you are kinkshaming cannibals
Um you didn't even mention the viscous language used against a recent amputee so just so you know, you are now an ableist, no takebacks
Ugh I hate viscous language. Sticks to EVERYTHING.
Honestly I'm just relieved I made a complete sentence at 6AM
As a soup legger, we actually prefer the term pho limb
We have now changed our preferred term to Bisque Stems
Gazpacho gams
Except since it's a cold soup, the leg must be sashimi-style for true gazpacho gams
Touche.
No seasoning? Definitely a white dude.
Citing this as definitive proof that us Cajuns ain't white. You on record now.
As my MawMaw says we are CA brown.
Also, Bey is part Cajun. Directly related to Beausoleil.
Well you won my damn heart.
He won mine when he said MawMaw..
Having 16 people react to a single tweet would make me feel like I went viral! Mostly I'm just tweeting into the void.
Psst! The void is *listening*
Hehe. I appreciate the void listening...I would like it if the void spoke too.  Thx.
Twitter: when the void screams back
It would be nice but for me it has been rare... unless it's something with a lovely celeb tagged....
Bone broth
Omg that’s so insensitive not a.m. everyone has bones. Did you just ASSUME my skeleton?!
Seriously.
Uhhh hey chrissy its madperson*
She should come on the pod to discuss
They would also note that it wasn't the dog's fault but a direct reflection on its owners.

@CoolStoryJags this puts the HAM in HAMstrings
Omg I really want split pea and ham soup now... THANKS
Split penis and hamstring soup
Are you okay?
No
The best part is that all 16 will mean a different word...
And then someone will comment on punctuation and the downfall of society because of the use of “u” instead of you.
im soup leg
I think you mean “Je suis soup leg”
SOUP LEG 
"Soup legs have no place in our culture have some decency. MAGA. KANYE." 
I can be a bot too.

Not to be a snob, but your recipes seem to have taken a bit of a dive...
kinda unrelated: I had a dog that was a pit bull mixed with a golden retriever, she would pull your leg off, but bring it to you.
That sounds more like a chowder..
Nah, not enough dairy 
Those cheesy feet tho
Did you just assume that dog's disease??
whats ur favorite nicki minaj song
Soup leg
Recipe plz
I can’t believe you said ‘soup leg’. That word is offensive to soup lovers and liquid dietarians!
Both this tweet and the replies to it are perfect in a way I could have never expected.
I asked you not to use the word “psycho” bc it has real negative impact & ur response brought a bunch of trolls into my notifs, & then u deleted your reply just to complain about the issue almost a full day later. Seriously? Yr not the only person in the world having a hard week.
Yeah I'm watching this bc I follow you both and it's not fucking cool at all. Don't stoop to this shit for internet laughs chrissy. Demonstrate kindness.
@chrissyteigen don’t forget about unsolicited advice givers: “They should’ve just used a robot leg!” —my 5 year old when I read him this tweet
I hope you’re enjoying the hilarious replies. You all are too funny  hoping I haven’t offended anyone with my joy or the use of the word hope or funny or hilarious
Or they would say "she looked so beautiful when that dog was biting her!" And another girl would say "well she asked for it. I mean she looked at the dog and the mad man was only protecting his dog." 
But what about people who's arms got stewed?????  #AllLimbsMatter
Or also “Ooooh! Recipe?”
When we add up all the "problematic" words the only thing left that's okay to say will be, "Please pass the mayonnaise."
I find that gif very problematic, it's triggering me.
If find your triggering problematic and may need to seek out a safe space.

I would like to convert this soup leg recipe over to my instant pot, any recommendations?
Just so you know my father had a soup leg.
Soup leg
SOUPSLAINING.

OMG, you did not get enough likes on that.  So deserved.  That is hysterical.
Don’t forget the other people who would try to Google the recipe for Leg Soup. 
Or, you'll get "yeah, but what about all the kiddies who have NO LEGS AT ALL?!"
Remember that time you announced you were having a baby girl & this girl tweeted at you OUTRAGED that you assigned your baby a female at birth not allowing her the right to chose her sex? Luna was the original soup leg
New fave mantra: “Acknowledge the soup leg.”
I hope your soup leg feels better soon. Thoughts and prayers. P.S. wear perfume or the dogs will follow you around.
And 23 people will point out that a slow cooker would be better than boiling. Proving the point that the cookbook you wrote is a vanity project, you don’t really cook.
god i fucking love your brain
1) it’s not bone soup or broth it’s obviously “cassouleg”

2)#NotAllRabidDogs
“I had a soup leg and I didn’t make a big deal about it. Geez, snowflake”
This tweet is rabid doggist, madmannist and soup leggist.
Um Christine, I would feel a lot more comfortable if you didn't use that word "madman". It is appropriating the show Mad Men and many characters on the show feel offended when it's used. Much appreciated 

-

Jon Hamm

Hey, wtf about us who actually like the occasional leg soup? #offended
I'm obsessed with your tweets
I mean yeah it is problematic. With all the marrow and connective tissue, he was probably making a stew, not a soup. No matter the context you should choose your words carefully.
Did you just assume that the dog had rabies? You can't just assume things like that! Ask the dog what disease he identifies with first
LOL "that's not funny my cousin's leg was ripped off by a rabid dog and eaten by a madman please apologize"
I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge @chrissyteigen's #soupleg.
ExcUSE ME but my great great grandfather was that rabid dog and he was just trying to feed his family! I find this offensive and im suing!
soup legs lead to broth ills
People are forever missing the point, aren’t they? Like, you could tweet the cure for cancer and *somebody* wouldn’t be able to resist correcting your typos. 
Up late thinking of ways to soften the blow? ...WE KNOW. #SpiritCooking
It is totally "Paleo" though...
People now seem to wake up in the morning with the explicit goal of being offended by something they see on the internet. No matter how inane it may be. For example, i bet this statement offended at least 47 people.
Chrissy please...it’s “stewed appendage”
One time my bf and I were high and I dripped ice cream on my boob and tried to be sexy by having him lick it off so I kneeled on edge of the bed where he SET HIS FUCKING SOUP SO IT FELL ON MY LEG AND KEPT BURNING ME TILL I GOT MY PANTS OFF. WHO PUTS SOUP ON A BED?!
I wish it weren’t true  the scar is still slightly there hahaha
Like come on

The people using this to make jokes mocking trans people in your replies should be a red flag ma’am
I can see the headline: "Chrissy in hot water as Jon Hamm boils gam"
but people on Facebook have it much worse Chrissy

(I sure hope I don't have to explain this to anyone)
Actually, we prefer "rabies positive."
I lost it at soup leg. :)
This was a wild ride I tell you hwhat
Soup leg
you're one of those 16 people
And 16 others saying ‘sorry about your leg. You should try ice-packing it and various toe massages do help’ while your leg is gone already
Soup Leg=Great band name.
Sometimes people take the responsibility of being "the devil's advocate", a little to seriously 
"soup leg"  OMG, I'm dyin' here! 
Now I’m triggered AND hungry.

Thanks. 
On behalf of 16 ppl on twitter, I apologize.
Is your leg ok?
@natedrex, you write this?
Christine and I studied social media at the same school.
I love soup. However, having severe digestive issues, I can't have all the different types of soup leg I want. Therefore, this post offends me.
I get your point, but this is a false dichotomy; we can both call behavior abhorrent and call ableist language what it is.
I can’t stop laughing at soup leg and wondering how I can work that phrase into my everyday convos
That's creepy!
“It’s a bone broth, OK?” #twitterbehavior
"Acknowledge your soup leg" 
"Soup leg" < Incredible
Is there cabbage in this soup? Cause I don't like cabbage 
Everyone knows grilled foot is better

#soupleg
So. True.
Truth !
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm soup leg.
Soup leg
No wonder John married you, since you’re such a fucking legend.
Hey just so you know, that word is really problematic
#soupleg
Stupid dog. I asked for a breast.
Soup Leg was my nickname in high school
There is definitely some truth to what you’re saying. It goes too far. But with that said you still have to be aware. Like you wouldn’t use derogatory words for ppl of different religions, ethnicities or disabilities, the same should be done for ppl with mental health issues.
We throw around the “She’s a psycho” or “She’s Bipolar” around way too much. It’s insensitive because people actually suffer from those mental illnesses and it adds to the stigma they fight against daily to be accepted in society.
I get you’re annoyed that people point out your choice of word and miss the point of your whole tweet, but those same people might be annoyed to the stigma being shared on social media because it affect the whole point they try to make on a daily basis.
cc @Nairtney
Please do not feed the algorithms.
Sounds like a hangryman. Dog training just isn’t paying these days.
I was told I wasn’t allowed to complain about my period because it’s insensitive to trans women. I am all about inclusive feminism but when the cramps bite SO WILL I.
Funny you should bring up cannibalism #

What ever happened to that lawsuit you were gonna file ?
@netflix can u give her an hour long comedy special? K thnx bye.
You mean madperson...geez Christine. Lol
Truth
Soup legs add better flavor to the broth. Girl, you know its everything.
Just want to verify - the problem word is “ripped,” yeah?
#justiceforsoupleg
#SoupLeg. Can that trend?
Great, now I want soup.
#SoupLeg
Lol you are so over it
I’m so glad you got the extra character count on Twitter 
Which word?
@ms_queenbitch0
Lol your soup leg
I acknowledge your soup leg. I have no power to fix your soup leg. Just so u know that word is really problematic. Better?
Sorry to hear about your soup leg.
I read “hey just so u know that word is really problematic” in the most caddy voice! Lol I’d totally acknowledge your soup leg @chrissyteigen 
I guess this doesn’t rly matter to you lol but it’s actually shitty to use words that are associated with real ppl living with real illness, who do not deserve to be made a joke out of. like is it rly worth it?? being famous must be boring
soup leg: (n.) also known as the *let them eat cake leg*

when the queen realizes that even her most adoring  subjects won't give her a hall pass to the humblebrag version of complaining

( see also: *reverse elitism* & *royal bloody soup legs thru the ages* )
& surprise lolololll *let them eat cake legs* were had by all  many cakes & the longest legs
Queen action  #queens #theycantHelpit
Soup leg...haha
This happened to my brother. Have a heart next time! Lol
Ignoring leg soup won't make it go away, just saying
Haha, "soup leg."
You forgot the the cooking  show on HGTV for leg soup 
& the telethon for the dog  to raise for its therapy
I’d like to start a violent argument no one asked for about whether consuming soup is considered eating or drinking.
I officially gave up on the social justice warrior sect of the left when I was actually scolded for using the word psychopath because it is "ableist," even after I pointed out it is a scientific word to describe a person with no empathy.
I sexually identify as soup leg gender now
“Soup leg” lmao
Best “hot take” I’ve read all week 
“wow chrissy, you’re a mother. Would you want your daughter saying that? Think of the role you’re setting for her” is a timeless class
You give me life!!! 
Ms Tiegen, please think of people with no legs and are also starving and would be happy to eat their own leg soup before you tweet such inane and insensitive stuff!!! Cc @mkhammer
Gosh I love you 
 #truthIs
Aaaaannnnnddd now I like Chrissy Teigen
I'm sorry about your soup leg. 
That sounds souper painful.
Pho real! I'm not just stewing around.
Oooo. Can’t wait till your next cookbook
Is it soup leg or leg soup tho
Some people have no humor
Soup leg. Thank you.
Does the soup leg come with bread?
This tweet gave me a headache
It actually makes me hate twitter.
I am triggered by this.  Triggered, I say! #sarcasm
Still unbelievable that you are dining with Trump troopers. Stop normalizing his cult members. You and John are admired for you to be seen with Kanye who enables & empowers Trump’s policies is irresponsible and downright dangerous
Nail on the head 
Lol How did people become that way?
um "soup leg" is v problematic, plz be more respectful
It's called the twitter police they get bored
What verse in the Bible is this? I want to put it in my bio
You just described the GOP response to the Trump presidency.
*leg soup



JK,  you da best
You are an American treasure. I’m so sorry about your leg.
I will forever use “soup leg” as a reference for when shit goes bananas in my life. “Tuesday felt like my leg got made into soup”
Soup leg! 

Did you just knock the vets. How dare you
#soupleg
Also there are people who would want the recipe for that soup 
These people rather correct people (it gives them an illusion of superiority) then learn to tackle whatever demons there are lurking
Twitter still confuses me. I'm 37 but on here I feel 75.
Soup leg 
You mean world* ?
Why does it have to be a mad MAN? That's very problematic. 
#Feminism
#ShlegSoup
#WomenCanBeCannibalsToo
Granular Grammarians.
I know right! I keep telling people it’s “broiled.”
Why are we awake right now?
Damn it.  I just proved your point.
Those 16 persons can kick rocks... With no shoes
Preach bitch 
@stephh_martt
#QAnon
Well actually .......
and for every asshole, there are 500 who adore you and wish you the joyous of days
Shampoo
Halsey
I’m a huge fan of your recipes but maybe don’t include this one in the book
Soup Leg is my new band.
and complain that the soup isn't vegan.
Cheesecake.. I think we need cheesecake.
You really letting us now which side you are in right now
yeah people on Twitter can say stupid shit and claim something is offensive when it's not but like that's the minority of people, the majority are concerned about unlearning problematic behavior and words and spreading that knowledge around, also that example is... nah
She said 16 people. She knows it’s a fringe minority, which makes it no less idiotic and worthy of mocking.
Your spirit cooking and time for honoring yourself is coming to an end. #Pedogate #QAnon #SpiritCooking @realDonaldTrump
go eat your soup
I'm full
Which of these words you used here are problematic though? 
Is it "rabid"?
Choose your own adventure
Well, i have decided the word "twitter" without a capital T is offensive and Chrissy should apologize for appropriating the company name. 
@R_Smith_93 hahahahahah

Which word, though?
Oh I get you now- self-justification and judging others
I’d ask whether he seasoned it properly
#notallmadmen
You would be in trouble for hurting the dog
which word is problematic? lol
Umm just so u know 'soup' is a highly problematic and racist term. It's called Liquid Supper in 2018 thx.  stay woke.
You didn’t mention seasoning. I think that’s the problem. WWPD?
Oh gezzz Christine, don’t you have anything better to do?
I hope you are getting a great push gift
I think it should have been “leg soup” but ok
Wait, wait...was the leg biting dog caught? What happened to the rest of the leg? Was it stitched up? America needs to know!!
Necessity is a defense

But...her emails!
Lucky for you @chrissyteigen, i have my emotional support cockroach with me because I feel this tweet is quite problematic with all the violent imagery. Just so you know.
Yeah but being a celebrity you can literally write "My dog shit on my shoe" and have over 100,000 likes and RTs, period. So who gives a shit about 16 that don't worship?
I just saw #NationalSuperheroDay and read it as #NationalSoupDay. Respect the soup leg.
Also: Not all dogs.
