Ice cream sandwiches >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> ice cream cake
I don’t know Chrissy. I’ve had ice cream sandwiches with cookies made in front of my eyes that have been pretty darn good. It was at my friend’s wedding. Perhaps it was the general gaiety of the event, but I did a fist pump. I ate two of them.
Coolhaus cookie ice cream sandwiches are perfection. Don't @ me unless you agree I'm exactly right
You’re exactly right. That is the sandwich i had at this wedding. Coolhaus.
but guys. when you bite the cookie, it smashes the ice cream and causes deliberate chaos. can we settle on Klondike?
Yes there is deliberate chaos. But, for me, the effort is worth it. It’s a shattered mess, but a delicious one. 

Also, Deliberate Chaos was my high school heavy metal band name. 

Also, Shattered Mess was my college heavy metal band name.
Coolhaus was the name of my a cappella group?
you guys wouldn’t happen to be around 40 years old would you
That’s not a very cool(haus) thing to bring up in this very moment
Even these made with Red Velvet ice cream?  (We love you just the same - that will never change!)
I just want the ice cream! you know what maybe im just not a cookie gal
We got you!!!
But what if they’re made with brownie batter poured into the waffle iron?
surely this isn't in dispute. surely.
Meringue cookies also excellent. You stash them in the freezer sandwiched with ice cream and the meringue stays resolutely unfrozen. I recommend
I think we are all willing to concede that this would be a delicious treat l, however it is imperative that it is not called “ice cream sandwich”. That is all we are asking. It’s something of a red line.
I concur, it is not a sandwich.
VICTORY!
Though best are rSicilian and Southern Italian ice cream sandwiches, which are more like burgers: scoop of gelato in a brioche bun
We often spend summers in Sicily at our lovely friend’s home and I’m still not used to gelato and brioche ...and for breakfast no less. But everything there is divine. Maybe the best food on earth.
I don’t want this conversation to finish!
You and John sure talk about different things. #mustbenice
You need an It's-It SF Bay Area treat https://www.itsiticecream.com 
Completely agree. They are the best!
It’s FACT.
Yes! I came here just to say this very thing:

It's all about It's It.
It's It be so San Francisco it predated the GG Bridge.
I completely agree with this statement! ItsIts all the way!
you are loved @ItsItIceCream
Only idiots listen to you 
I’m just gonna leave this here.

Coolhaus. Even from the freezer section are perfection
@RubyJewel if you're in Portland.
My host mom in Spain made ice cream sandwiches with the cookies.  I ...
You're right. The cookies are usually too hard. A chocolate cookie is meant to be enjoyed warm or room temp. not ice cold.
Yes, this is the issue. If the cookies are too hard, all the ice cream squeezes out the sides.
I find myself sort of gnawing at the cookie, trying to eat it, and it's just frustrating. There shouldn't be any frustration involved with eating an ice cream sandwich!
Yes! There should only be pure bliss...
Yes! The awkward side nibble combined with the weird side lick. Too graphic?
The side lick! Oh what a wonderful joy it is...
I love how everyone is on the same page about this. Humanity is great 
Round works too. 
Nope. The cookies are too crispy, they break and I am left with a mess. Carvel ice cream cakes are the best, though!
I agree!!!! And if you don’t lick it off your fingers after, get out!
And let the middle get a little melty. 
Sticks like glue. Not a fan
You trippin
We have an ice-cream sandwich in Ireland called the iceberger. It is perfect. End of

I love this gif!!
Co-sign.

okay, so with your cookies I would actually give it a shot, but most ice cream cookie sammiches are terrible.
 TJ’s has ice cream sandwiches made with chocolate chip cookies that are everything.
My daughter stans for them!
With the lil chocolate chips?!
Yes! She begs for them almost weekly!
EXACTLY! And while we are on the topic, calling buttercream between two cookies a “whoopie pie” is also wrong. A whoopie pie is a marshmallow-base filling between two dense cakes.
AT FUCKING LAST!!! Someone gets it!!!
oh my god honey no
CoolHaus and It’s It are Ah-mazing  I still adore you. We agree to disagree. 
Our cookie squares are the exception. Just sayin'
Send me a box and I’ll let you know if i agree.
Another fact.  If you are under 10 years of age the ice cream sandwich must be consumed outside. That's the fact in the house I grew up in.
It's-its yo
Right straight facts!!!
Totally agree! Cookies are too hard and the textures are too extreme. I like the soft, almost soggy cake shell of the good, old-fashioned ice cream sandwiches that stick to your fingers.
I love your dedication and passion for the issues you care about!! 
totally agree with you Chrissy
You mean like in this Tom Slaughter print, which is one of the greatest works of art in the history of humankind:
Ouch.  Maybe I should send you one of these.


What about ice cream sandwiches made with waffles? We used to have those when I was a kid.
No way, It's-It is the best
This is a very controversial opinion but I'm willing to stand behind you on this. There's nothing better than the classix, chocolatey and rectangular ice cream sandwich that sticks to your fingers as you eat it.
When my kids were little and they brought home fundraiser sheets selling buckets of cookie dough, we made ice cream sandwiches out of those.  They were hands down the best ice cream sandwiches we have ever had.
Try making them with the soft chewy kinds of cookies. Big difference.
You obviously never had one made with French macarons 
Those are generic factory made ice cream sandwiches. I guess you like processed? You must not have ever had a homemade ice cream sandwich with fresh cookies or you'd NEVER state this blasphemy.
No she's right. Yummo.
I disagree. I'll take homemade over factory processed food any day. Processed is why a lot of people my age have stomach issues. We've been poisoned our entire lives due to greed and convenience.
Sloppy American 
Lol
I respectfully disagree. The Chipwich brings it every time.
I'm talkin' the Chipwich brand, not some homemade knockoff. The cookies are always the perfect consistency. The side chips embedded just enough to minimize fall-away. That's the stuff, man.
Nothing but respect for my President...
Yes!!!! These are delicious. My high school had these available in the cafeteria at lunch. The BEST. @Theorigchipwich
Agreed
Have you ever had an @itsitSF tho
PEOPLE DONT LIKE YOU BECAUSE YOURE ALWAYS SPITTING THE HARD FACTS BUT I APPRECIATE THAT SOMEONE IS WILLING TO STAND UP FOR THIS INJUSTICE
The trick with eating ice cream cookie sandwiches is that you only bite one cookie in each bite. First you bite the top cookie with ice cream, then next time u bite the bottom. This preserves the integrity of the sandwich and ur mouth doesn’t know any difference!
i love how the cakey bread sticks to your teeth.
Try ice cream between two waffles. You won’t be disappointed.
2 chocolate chip Eggo waffles. Unreal!
These are yum. The top and bottom of the sandwich are made from 2 thin wafers with marshmallow fluff in between, sealed in with chocolate. A Scottish 70’s delicacy!!
Dare I say this, might slightly be too much ice cream.
No. There is no such thing as too much ice cream.
have you ever had @jenisicecreams i just think you should try theirs before making such a sweeping statement is all i am saying
True, but It's Its and Cool Haus are bomb though.
Wow, so sad I have to unfollow my favorite twitter account because of this very wrong opinion
I used to like you. Rethinking after this tweet.
Absolutely.
Agreed 100%
Disney Ice cream sandwiches are something special 
these ones over here are great!
Mmm now I want a Maxibon...
It’s all the fault of @chrissyteigen I fancied an ice cream sandwich
I have to buy some tomorrow now. Maybe after the gym to make that trip completely pointless..
Hahaha! Ahh, the quandry! Might be worth it, just this once 
The Kempswich is divine tho...
I feel like I can’t admit to how many @thelmastreats are in @klackerman3’s and my freezer... 
 nothing compares to a good old fashioned Kempswich though.
They’re a classic for a reason! I also have nostalgia for the DQ equivalents I used to hand-make back in the day.
Omg yesssss! I had forgotten about those! DQ made some delish treats back in the day that need to make a return to the menu.
Let us change your mind with REAL vanilla ice cream and REAL chocolate chips. How could you not love cookies and ice cream?
Hope they’ll accept the challenge (;
smh
Try its-it! Don’t give up on ice cream cookie sandwiches just yet!
I am a big ice cream sandwich hater but these are legit - the Strawberry is awesome
Wait. Ice cream sandwich hater is a real thing? Can’t compute. 
Lol - just not my preferred way to eat ice cream - but It’s-It is an exception to that rule
This is an ice cream sandwich. Anything else is an imitation
@johnlegend Chrissy is pretty old school isn't she? I can see why she was the chosen one like me for example, will never be attracted to a pierced septum or Gages and dumbo ears  but when it comes to food  I can give new things a try as long as it's not like super outta hand
Major facts Chrissy... rectangle blocks only
Omg Chrissy but have you ever had an @ItsItIceCream ? It’s It is the real San Francisco treat. https://m.huff-post.com/us/entry/3461478 …
We'll send a box of The Original Chipwich to hubby @johnlegend - if he can eat them in front of you without you giving in to the deliciousness; we can talk which sandwich is better. #challengeaccepted ?
@CREAMNATION prove her wrong
Come to the @TwitterDetroit office and we’ll make you an ice cream sandwich between two @7GreensDetroit cookies and it will change your life! 
Does this offer stand for me as well?
Yes!!
Chocolate flavored cardboard? All yours. ;)
Omg @SkinnyCowUS has the best ice cream sandwiches!!

Can we get more than 6 in a box tho?
We'd be happy pass that along to our team. 
yassss!!!

Agree to disagree - at least til you try an It's It ice cream sandwich and come around to this 90-year old SF tradition. https://www.itsiticecream.com/ 
Won’t someone speak for the chipwiches cc @colahandle
TBH this hurt my feelings
Chrissy is attacking chipwiches and I just don’t know how anyone could say such a thing about something so perfect?!?
Chipwiches are not ice cream sandwiches.  Hot Take.
Yeah, Joe...I can't believe you brought chipwiches to an ice cream sandwich fight.
I'm also pretty disturbed by people dragging meringue and marshmallow into this debate. They are both firmly in the uncanny valley of foodstuffs.
The only acceptable form of ice cream sandwich is a neapolitan  ice cream sandwich in crispy wafers, which must then be eaten from the delicious chocolate end, hurrying through the boring vanilla and finishing with the strawberry, the king of ice cream flavours
I have never seen someone be so wrong in one go.
I’m standing strong on that one
You haven’t had m&m ice cream sandwiches then... I’m sorry for your loss
Oh I have they just aren't as good no where close
Lies
But have you ever had one made with little spiral churros? Cuz I’m forever changed.
Ooh ... that’s something new! Looks delicious (:
@chrissyteigen
I work for an ice cream sandwich establishment, but I agree wholeheartedly. Oh god Ive said too much theyre going t
27 Times Chrissy Teigen Was Wrong AF. Start the list, Buzzfeed.
Unless the ice cream is sandwiched with cookies fresh. Premade is garbage because the cookies are rock hard or just crap. Good cookies, freshly sandwiched with good ice cream, can be magical.
Chrissy I love you but it’s its are the best ice cream sandwich.
I love you but I cannot support this
it’s a no from me sis
You are missing out on amazing ice cream cookie sandwiches at Disney World. Fresh baked chocolate chip cookies with scoops of your favorite ice cream YUM!
Truth. But it was crazy to eat! Now, the Mickey ice cream sandwich adheres to this tweet's guidelines! But in their own ways, both were freaking glorious, eaten in the sunshine when I knew it was -35 back in Saskatchewan.
by tweeting this I assume you’re asking for my opinion, which is: ice cream sandwiches are only good if the cookies are freshly baked. I had one with fresh choc chip cookies at diddy riese that I will never forget
I mean I disagree, all ice cream sandwiches truly serve a beautiful purpose in this world, but I respect this hot take.
@MEATBALLERS
You live in the city of Diddy Reese and have this VERY WRONG IDEA?!
Exactly! Make haste to @diddyriese! All will be resolved once and for all (:
but an it's it?! oatmeal cookie ice cream sandwich covered in chocolate? they are BOMB and I'll shiv anyone who says otherwise.
I think this is the most controversial thing you’ve ever said  also I disagree, I’m definitely on Team Cookie
“It’s it” are the only acceptable ice cream sandwiches.
Would recommend ice cream sandwiches made with cookie dough tho. It's got the texture of the browney cakey bread, but it tastes like chocolate chip cookies!
If ice cream sandwiches made with cookies didn't collapse under the pressure of ONE BITE, maybe I'd understand, but until then, chocolate rectangle wafers 4 life
This is pretty much the only thing I've ever disagreed with you on and I vehemently disagree and it's made me really angry.

ok sry what ??????
I was so hurt by this  First time I've genuinely disagreed with one of her tweets with my whole soul 
I know  like the chocolate ones are for sure good but has she had the m&m cookie ice cream sandwich????? or the cookies and cream ice cream sandwich???? like what..
It’s amazing how someone can lose all credibility with just one tweet.    
This may be the very first thing I do not agree with you on, Chrissy. The rectangular “cake” gets stuck to the roof of your mouth and tastes like soggy cardboard.
Neapolitan Ice cream sandwiches with chocolate cakey bread with holes is the best


She’s obviously never had a gillie cookie  @courtslayyy
RT RT 
You just took on the whole Bay Area. IT'S IT, and IT'S LIT!!!! 
Srsly. Come get some!!!

https://www.itsiticecream.com/ 
How can you our diss mana from heaven? HERESY!!! ANATHEMA!!!

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/It%27s-It_Ice_Cream …
People like you should be put in prison
This is peak ice cream sandwich territory
Byrne dairy cookiewich >>>>>>
Im sorry I have sinned, the brownie mint ones
I prefer a traditional cookiewich but I cannot deny a mint browniewich
This tweet is an affront and direct attack to all Bay Areans who grew up eating Its-It ice cream sandwiches!!!!!!!
I didn't even grow up here and I will NOT stand for this shit. In fact I grew up eating what she described. Both are amazing
Also now I want to know your SF migration story
i lived in LA since i was 18 - couldn't stop partying or start focusing so i had to bounce. dad was living in livermore after i left LA so i moved in with him and then into the city with a new friend! sf is way better for me, for some reason its so much less temptation haha
omg yeah sf can be a bit of s drinking town but nowhere near a party city like LA. I can only do weekends there tbh, it’s way too much
I’ve stood with u through thick & thin...but this is absolute blasphemy...the childhood ones with the little chocolate chippies around the side...you want to tell me choco tacos are whack next!!?? Where does it end!!?? A cool breeze on a warm summer day is just god farting on us?
Who hurt you
excuse me but chipwichhive is here and ready to debate this
Delete your account
Please. Rectangular ice cream sandwiches are nice, but the Chipwich has them beat!
Chrissy I know you won't see this but the on-campus ice cream shop at @WSUPullman has really great cookie ice cream sandwiches that are soft but maintain cookie integrity (and the milk comes from cows on campus which is cool)(also they are called Grabbers which lol)
Ok you've CLEARLY never tried these then...
Yas. Also if you accidentally eat some of the thin paper wrapping it’s bonus amuse Bouche palate cleanser treat!
But Chrissy
I dunno, C. You’re a culinary goddess to me but give me a good snickerdoodle ice cream sandwich ANY DAY.
Ok but have you had the toll house brand 
Co-signed, they're amazing.  Toll House is the great elevator of all things though.   Last summer I even made a Toll House cookie base on a Martha Stewart cheesecake.  
"Elevator of all things" couldn't have said it better myself 
The kind where the cakey bread gets stuck to your fingers? Perfection.
Exactly. The cake must stick to all of your fingertips to be scraped off with your teeth.
Chrissy no...just, no. Did you get some Kanye on you or something? That statement is just bonkers!
u disgust me.
I can’t believe this slander of ice cream cookie sandwiches
Get this blasphemy off my timeline this instant
Gotchu fam
You've never been more wrong.
Preach!
you're wrong
YES and the cakey bread MUST stick to your fingers and the wrapper
I’m gonna have to disagree with you on this one Chrissy. The ones with the cakey bread stick to the roof of your mouth when you take a bite and that’s a no from me
Admitting your cookies make garbage ice cream sandwiches is the first step. No shame in that. Both my Mom’s chocolate chip and oatmeal butterscotch cookies make an excellent sandwich. Trick is in the the crisp/moist balance of the cookie and temperature of the ice cream.
This take is even worse than Kanye's. Yeesh.
With the unknown chocolate wafer you have to grind off with your bottom teeth ... 

Filipino ice cream sandwiches are literally sandwiches.
Ooh Chrissy oh no
You just got a new fan solely based on your ice cream views
But, @diddyriese *proves* the ice cream sandwich with real cookies is TOO GOOD! Not to say the traditional rectangle sandwich isn’t btw (: Photo by @CandyAtlas
@HaleyAKnowles this thread 
I know hahah
Next time you and @kumailn are in Philly, you’ve gotta stop by @Weckerlys -best ice cream sandwiches in the world. Quote me on that.
I liked your tweet because I’m from Philly but I hadn’t had a Weckerlys ice cream sandwich... until tonight. So good!!!
Laur this is wrong

Ice cream sandwiches with cookies are incredible
THANK YOU
See my latest tweet
Idk Chrissy. There aren't a whole lot of things I miss about the Bay Area since moving, but I would cut somebody for an It's It!
THERE you go. The iconic "It's It" has been missing from this debate. You may as well discuss the merits of jazz while omitting Miles Davis! Ping @itsitSF.
Ice cream sandwiches made with hot waffles are the sole permissible exception to this.
Disagree, waffles taste like corrugated cardboard. And you’re veering off into a la mode - a whole ‘nother thing.

For good ALM, buy a nice pound cake, say Sara Lee, toast 2 slices well, plop on ice cream. Add hot fudge or other decor if you must. Cousin to an ICS. But no ICS.
You are not getting the right waffles.
Which are...??
Homemade.
I think ice cream in a folded piece of frybread taco style could be an out of body experience if you make it right.
Don’t disagree. The resto I worked at (years ago) did a French-fried ice cream that was dandy. Roll balls of ice cream in fine crumbs, freeze on a pan. Fry fast on demand in hot oil. Chocolate sauce. Boom. I’d incorporate  into crust.
*fine graham cracker crumbs*
@jazzyybearr @ mariannes  this is very true 
Straight upppp
I have, heretofore, invariably found your posts to be funny, insightful and thought-provoking. All of that? Gone in a flash. You are a monster. Full stop. Delete your account. #team
@COOLHAUS will prove this statement false.  Utterly speechless after trying these.  One of the best things I’ve ever eaten no joke!
Thank you!!! 
Yeah we did and that reminds me that I have some in my freezer brb
Clearly you’ve never had @itsitSF or you’d think otherwise
@itsitSF is *amazing* 

Give one a try, Chrissy! You’ll love it! 
Who the fuck she think she talking to .... obv she never had a cookiewich @hutcheon_r @Kara_Johnson7
I love you but I gotta disagree. Cookies all the way hoe
Ha! Oreo ice cream sandwiches are orgasmic! 
i miss my elementary school’s cookie ice cream sandwiches on Thursday’s
Patiently waiting for you to create a recipe for the chocolate cakey bread with holes ice cream sandwiches in a future recipe book. 
Thought on the Choco-Taco?

Best ice cream sandwich I ever had was at Disney World and was made with fresh cookies. Normally I prefer the rectangle things.
bigggg factss
Watch your mouth talking about the cookiewich.
Okay but macaron ice cream sandwiches are the shit
OMG Truth @nevinmartell
It's-Its are the shit, though.
You really need to try an @ItsItIceCream sandwich and rethink this position.
I disagree. Cookie ice cream sandwiches are great when done right
YES
Noooo, what about @ItsItIceCream sandwiches??
you haven’t found the right one!!! don’t give up on cookie sandwiches
 PREACH
That stays on ur fingers the moment u touch it!
Try yourself Trader Joe’s chocolate chip ice cream sandwich before you go making all these accusations

Wrong
@COOLHAUS would strongly disagree.
I'm also concerned what kind of preservatives are used to keep those cookies soft though they have to be in the freezer. 
Agreed. And made with proper ice cream.
Have you never had an it’s-it’s before??? Missing out
I’m going to collect all 6 infinity stones just to hit you upside the head, someone help this woman

I think you’d dig my most recent painting: ice dream. needed to create a bar incapable of melting. One that would never end. acrylic on canvas & chillin on my bedroom floor lmao
You need those two chocolate blocks squishing between your fingertips with the white lickable goo squirting out all 4 sides.
Dude I have to unfollow u for this ...
Sometimes, for lunch, I'll have an ice cream sandwich. And yes, the old school sandwich beats cool haus
This should have come with a trigger warning
You don’t like It’s-It??
Yeah, you’re def my spirit animal. 
yes but you haven’t had my mom’s homemade cookies w homemade icecream frozen overnight ice cream sandwich...
Call them some different then but the cookie joints are fire
You obviously haven’t eaten the hand made chocolate chip cookies with hand made vanilla ice cream sandwiches at Cold Comfort in Victoria BC, Canada. Best ever!
Ugh Chrissy this the first time I’ve ever disagreed with you 
@kirsten_syberg she has spoken
Yeah well I will just agree to disagree 
Ooooohhh Tanya I thought you were Cookie Monster >.<
I LOVE the cookie sandwiches, I just know Kirsten loves em 
I love cookie ice cream sandwiches. I had one that was made at a bakery at Disney and it was rolled in chocolate chips. Best decision ever.
If it was at Disney, that’s an unfair advantage!
In my defense I also eat store bought cookie ice cream sandwiches! Lol. 
Girlllll NO like two nice fresh chocolate chip cookies with a scoop of ice cream in the middle.... better than that nasty boxed ice cream girl, I know you agree
But she clearly doesn’t hahahah
I just can’t believe how many likes it got like it’s tragic and heartbreaking 
chrissy imma be TBH with u here , i had an absolutely LOVELY cookie ice cream sandwich in Cali, can choose which cookies you want holding the ice cream of your choice, it really was exceptional
This is such a pleasantly worded tweet
she’s a really pleasant person i wanted to match her energy lmao
@GeeNoChill
What an uncultured swine!!
Lmao
Yeah if you’re 5 years old...
What about cream sandwiches with waffles? Now that is where it's at 
@c_mccalister she’s saying Chipwhiches are garbage
The Oreo ones are round with the chocolate cakey bread and they are also acceptable.
