today is the best day ever and tomorrow's going to be even better


Someone take @chrissyteigen’s phone away. She keeps winning this game and it’s not fair.
Chrissy is the queen of savage!!
Reading the tweets. People turn on u because u choose to remain friends, with ur friends. That's what's wrong with America. Who dumps there friend because of different political views? I have friends that are Dem/Rep etc. Who cares as long as they are good for you.
Friendship used to be based on mutual respect. Now it’s based on common interests and “core values”. Which essentially means our opinions are more valuable than our relationships.
You seriously blew my mind with that. 
Phrasing.
TFW you know tomorrow is going to be better than today
Kanye is so ahead of time that his “today” is our “yesterday”... So yes, your shower was the best day ever. #KanyeWest #clarification
Kanye's medication dosage goes up day by day

glitch in the kanye, obviously

Maybe tomorrow..... you GIVE BIRTH????
You don’t have the dragon energy
Dang, I missed my invite! I love baby shower games

time doesn't matter when you have dragon energy
For some reason i thought you said your shower was “yeast” and it made sense for a brief moment because you cook and bake a lot but then i realized that i cannot read.
Lolololol - LIFE. You give me LIFE Chrissy!!!!!!!

Stop supporting him. You all are normalizing trump and I know you know what that normalizing trump means! Complicit much??? Elitist.
Serenity now, serenity now
No one cares who you and @johnlegend are friends with. I think people are pissed because you’re shoving it in all our faces. We get it. You guys live in a bubble, but there are real ppl out there that Trump and Kanye are hurting with their ignorance.

It’s so sad when a black man can’t have a single thought that doesn’t relate to the Democratic Party... Does it make you feel good to blatantly dismiss another persons thoughts because they are different than yours? Shame!

Sorry Chrissy 
The shade is real

And you got to sit on that fancy sheep .
My shower 

Do not reply to this moron please
But tomorrow he’s gonna praise Donald Fucking Trump.
He was pissed
Don’t tweet him like you’re friends with him. Don’t let a man off the hook when he has a harmful opinion that is dangerous to millions of people.
Girl... you are so CRAZY!!! I am LOVING all of your INSANE comments! What a character! Sheesh!
Does this mean you only shower every 3 days or so?...#gross
H I L A R I O U S !
but chrissy what about its its
Winner
Amen!
can someone explain this shade to me? lol

Damn @kanyewest

Just emulate @kanyewest and stop trolling @DonaldJTrumpJr on Twitter
Is because he's spelling his own migrants plans,  all this country that act like saints...  U know the amount of deportation happening in  UK and Germany?

That’s funny.

Yo you really funny! Tis’ is why i love you !

Hi Chrissy I have designed a beauty product to a problem you had before!!! how can I get it to you ???? @chrissyteigen .....
Embarrassing leakage??
Hi Chrissy I have designed a beauty product to a problem you had before!!! how can I get it to you ???? @chrissyteigen
LOOOOOL
@kanyewest needs to get over himself!  If ur a genius.. Do things, change the world for the better. I believe a genius would not use his God given talent to tweet bout himself!
 I love Chrissy
Just between us...how creepy is their house?  
Best outlook!!

Just picturing kanye dive bombing a big bag of coke before frantically typing on his iphone and giggling to him self..
I hope so but I’m not counting on it
I hope you got to take home the rest of that delicious cake you had!!! 
Chrissy won't have any fun if she unfollowed Kanye


Your feed is hilarious 
MB Ye knows you’re going into labor...?


Tehe . I love you
I fn  U!
He's dropping another single?
Make every day a shower of life
I'm trying to understand WHY Kanye would be at your baby shower when he supports Trump with their "Dragon Energy" WTF


Get you're shit together Kanye x
lmfaooooo
Yes, Chrissy let the people KNOW!
I wonder what tom is

I mean, he had to tolerate you non  supporters yesterday.
Stop trying to make “yest” happen.
@kanyewest last wednesday was pretty cool
 LOVE @chrissyteigen !
I love Chrissy  yesterday was the best day ever! Until baby boy is born then thatll be another best day ever
...all your troubles seemed so far away.
Get anything especially adorable?
chrissy, go to sleep
Mine was last Saturday. Guess he missed mine too. 
Obviously your shower ain't the best day to him sis  I love you
