 https://twitter.com/LucasDUribe/status/774667974917574657 …
is that...what...happens
Not to everyone!!!
I made the mistake of looking “down there” when my wife gave birth. I’m still shook.
My friend said it was like watching his favorite bar burn down.

When my parents ask me why I haven’t given them any grandchildren, I’m going to print this tweet out and mail it to them.
Yep, pretty much. Although to every fear I have their answer is "we got through that just fine". -.-
The moment I find out someone is pregnant, I’m gonna be thinking “buttgina”. I know people have done this since the beginning of time, but that is...serious.
Ruined forever, isn't it? 
If I endure that, my child better be Beyoncé. I might call my mom to apologize for not being Beyoncé right now.
 Coffee shot out my nose. But hell yeah! 
Well, fuck me. I’ve been using it as a Neti pot.
Also, raise your hand if you just clenched in sympathy/respect. 
4 times. Not that it gets me a reward. Just a very good understanding
I’m, like, sitting over here fanatically kegeling, as if attempting to heal any ripping that has ever occurred in the history of vaginas. Ever. OW, mamas. Serious respect. I want to take myself to the ER (and potentially go on disability) when I can’t easily remove a tampon.
All baby fever has currently evacuated and I’m kegeling with you girl. Ow ow ow ow
I'm almost 7 months pregnant and this is what I find when my fiance yells "BABE GO LOOK AT CHRISSY TEIGEN'S LAST TWEET!" He's just the sweetest
Mine looked over the drape during my csection and said,"Wow! You look like a gutted deer."  They mean well.....I think.
Mine played “bring ‘me out” by T.I. when I was 8cn dilated with our daughter 
This just made me flash back to my first postpartum bm, and honestly, it was almost worse than childbirth itself. Solidarity with anyone who knows the pain!
And the fear.
Oh god not the 1st poo. It's awful.
The only way I could shit was if i continuously sprayed dermaplast on my asshole 

I did not know I had stitches after giving birth (because I passed the fuck out after) and omg I thought I was gonna die after peeing because they did not tell me I needed one of those
You needed it because of the stitches? This thread is freaking me out.
There's also the small tears all over that they don't bother stitching up.
Us gays call that our “bussy”
This was gross but I followed you nonetheless
 my daughter refers to it as a vaganus
This is the perfect description..
Its crazy that they don't tell you about this in "What to Expect When You're Expecting"
“They” forget to tell you A LOT of things
I watched my wife give birth three times. I don’t know how the hell you women do it. It is simultaneously the most disgusting & most beautiful thing.
See, even though you saw it the first time, you still went back for more
And wouldn't have missed it for the world. Cried tears of joy each time.
Tears of joy when you orgasm? That sounds intense 
I think you are the only one that got my joke. I feel better now. Lol

My delivery: “Push! *Snip.*”

Thanks for the warning, doc.
That was mine too. She cut me "so it would heal nicer than a tear".  
Seriously! Like, I get it, but a heads up would have been good.  Also, when the nurse said “Good one! You really pushed with your rectum!”, it would have been nice if she also said “and you didn’t even poo on the table!” So I didn’t spend the rest of labor worrying about it. 
I'm crying!!! They think they're being helpful with the comments, but it's so not! I had nothing to expel since I was admitted at 6:30 pm & she was born at 11:30 am. No food for 17 hours!
Yes! Just tell me it’s almost over. Tell me baby’s gonna be pretty & have 10 fingers&toes. Lie 2 me! But  telling me unhelpful  about my privates cuz I haven’t seen them in months & I don’t care anymore! Doc even complained I wasn’t shaved AS THOUGH I COULD EVEN HAVE REACHED.
WHAT??!?!?!!? Dr may have gotten an accidental kick. 
Yup. He was a great doc, and I’ve seen him since, and I know he was complaining to the nurse and not me, but I do kinda wish I’d pooped on him.
Lol. Should've pushed a little harder.
Then you toss on a red dress and heels and march out to meet a shouting crowd while hoping nothing falls out of your buttgina.
That’s why they give you the disposable granny panties. To catch it all. Ugly as hell but sooo useful. Even she needed them under her red dress!
Twitter birth control provided by @chrissyteigen
Exactly. Like there went my boner
Well, good.
If it wouldn’t have took forever to get, than yeah.......
Christ.
She’s just telling you what your obgyn won’t
I have 4 kids 
Congratulations
Thanks!
My mom confirms this. (My bro ripped her apart. She gave birth naturally - an 11 pound, 8 ounce pain in the neck!)
It doesn’t sound like the pain was in her neck. 
Apparently you forget the pain of giving birth when you have to raise a human monster. 
Like fun you do! The only thing that hurt worse was having two tubes shoved between my ribs. 

And I totally remember the buttgina hand bidet.
Tubes?!
We'll compare scars one day.

you guys didnt know this already ...??
I did just not in her terminology  #BUTTGINAHOLE
I did not as all my kids were csections until i was present for my sis delivery i did not know there was pooh blood tearing stitches and  after declaring to her husband that her vagina  would never be the same i promptly passed out
Oh noooooooo yup I would’ve been flat out on the ground!!! I’m halfway there just thinking about possibly going through that in the future
Most civilized countries have bidets installed in their toilets so you don't need this kind of gadget.
The US isn't a civilized country.
that was the subtext
You'd be good at public service announcements to deter teenage pregnancy.
But your husband holds your hand during childbirth so you "share" the experience.
First childbirth my husband played with the electric bed, ate my lunch and blew a rubber glove up on his head like Howie Mandel. He's lucky he lived.
WAIT. THAT HAPPENS?! 
Yes; not uncommon, especially if they need to get the baby out fast and there isn't time for an episiotomy. And not really a big deal. They sew you up; it heals fast. (signed, Mother of 2)
Sounds excruciating 
Nah, nothing the average woman can't handle. The baby's head has been pushing there so the area is naturally numb (low blood flow to the area).  Then you have a gorgeous new baby and soon forget about such minor details
Are you sure??? because other people seem to be traumatized and I'm nervous that you're spouting birth propaganda
Another Mom of 2 here. I remember feeling like somebody set a blowtorch there so naturally numb is NOT a thing. I had the epidural early and the button in my sight at all times for the second time

I am laughing so hard at these responses.  My husband used to get mad when I would tell my pregnant friends my childbirth experiences because it would scare them.  I said that SOMEBODY had to tell them the TRUTH!!!  It's not like in the movies folks!!  Lol...
You are doing a public service with this tweet. Spread that momlightenment.
Maybe I should just adopt
A valid option for sure, but it's nbd after the fact for most women (most tear a bit and MUCH less tear that badly)—bodies are crazy!
Yah, my mom shared terrifying stories  welp
does this actually happen i’m scared
Sadly yes. Also fair warning your vagina lips are going to look like sagging balls.

Ouch.
It's sort of worth it.  I guess.  Mines 18 now.
My son.  The buttgina healed up, lol
Healing factor.
It required a lot of stitches though!
My daughter was small, only a stitch or two.  When my son was born the OB said "8 lbs 9 oz and it's all head"
My boys were 9 and 10 lbs..full term full head of hair. The younger one was tough. 15 hours labour.
Both of my labors were induced and pretty short- barely 4 hours with my son.
<--- *crosses legs tightly*
...Buttgina? 
I’ve told my bf, the week he gets off is mine to use him as a servant. Your daughter did this to me!!!
thanks I’m gonna adopt
sry who r u
JKKKK def the second choice for god mother of my future third adopted child 
I tore SO badly, from my daughter's over large, alien-head (sorry, honey, but that's what it felt like). That I completely swelled CLOSED down there! Had to be catheterized. New nurse sees me, RUNS to Dr asking "Shouldn't she have pain meds? Have you SEEN this!" Bless her.
Please God say they gave you drugs because I need them just reading about it
Well, because I was going to breastfeed, my midwife didn't really WANT to. But after looking at the er, damage, she okay'd A pain pill. Luckily as I had an epidural, I barely felt the tearing when it occured, even though they turned it off. EPIDURAL. Remember that word!
Chrissy. Don't ever change. You are the best part of Twitter. PS I still hope I get to hire you for voiceover work one day!
I used an empty ketchup bottle and warm water
I've seen a vagina before. it was gross like a swamp. I think there was a hag in it and she lived in a hut. no wait actually I'm thinking of an actual swamp sorry
Are you sure you weren't thinking of Kellyanne Conway?
Which would she be, the swamp or the hag?
Yup

Millions of women are unable to access healthcare to fix their fistulas and can be shamed and shunned from their communities - @Fistula_Fdtn do great work to help the women live well again
Thanks for mentioning our work, @blerhgh! Obstetric fistula is indeed a devastating childbirth injury that leaves women incontinent. We believe that no woman should endure a life of misery and isolation simply for trying to bring a child into the world: https://www.fistulafoundation.org/ 

I am giving an exam to students tomorrow on Obstetrics & Gynecology. Can I steal this description and use it in a question? This is gold!  Oh and if you rip naturally, it heals better. If an episiotomy is performed, it could get sewn up too tight.
FYI - the last stitch to repair an episiotomy used to be called the “husband” stitch. Drs would throw one extra stitch in after a woman gave birth vaginally so the husband would enjoy a tighter vagina after birth. Meanwhile, the women were in pain during sex. Useful info. 
The husband stitch? So THAT'S what happened!! That is SO NOT cool!
Yep, I teach students how to assist in surgery and over the years, I have learned extra tidbits of information from nurses, doctors, etc. My own mother had told me that after she had me, they sewed her up too tight so sex was painful until she had my brother. Ridiculous!
i was literally thinking about this earlier today
I fainted after reading this. Women are so much stronger than men.
its true but they werent ready. you just prevented a shit ton of pregnancies


And THIS is why I am terrified of pregnancy
I wish I read this tweet before I got pregnant, and then gave birth. It would’ve really helped prepare me for what was to come. No one prepared me. Everyone lied.
Literally nothing about giving birth sounds even remotely appealing. Thanks for sealing the deal for me. I’m gonna adopt.
Caesarian sis
So either my vagina rips to my butthole or get a giant scar on my abdomen. Got it 
I have no idea why people think CS is easier  the only thing that is different post partum is the position of the traumatic exit wound!
My little brother did that to my mom when he was born.  I was 20 months old and apparently informed a hospital elevator full of people that I had a new little brother and he had broken my mom's vagina.
Jesus  Christ! Well, aren't you helpful!?
I was an extremely precocious child.  =D

I guess I don’t need children that badly
I have a sudden urge to call my mom sobbing "I'm sorry!  I'm so, so sorry!"

The replies/threads under this tweet have made me clench so many times  bc just imagining what could happen to my vagina hurts lmao
@thedsimone
Literally read this tweet like this... omg
are u ok
It's called a fistula. Actually pretty common. And in developing countries they can be a huge issue. https://www.fistulafoundation.org 
The Fistula Foundation actually does good work. They came and spoke at my college a years ago. Imagine being left with a buttgina your whole life.
Really excited to give birth in 3 months!!!!! Thank you Chrissy!!!!
Buttgina Hole is my new drag name.
Reading the comments to this has me dying of laughter. The amount of shocked people... they really should discuss stuff like this more.
maybe I should just never have children
Never getting pregnant. Thanks!
grossest tweet ever ... but props to #ChrissyTeigen for giving us the uniquely graphic and highly evocative hashtag #ButtginaHole
Here’s to all the moms who went through this
And lived to tell about it
My aunt sadly didn’t
Sabine!! Noooo
Yes, they couldn’t get her to the hospital in time so she bled out
oh my gosh. @amigabrynlee_
ahhhhhjjjwksksnns
the things men don’t have to go through
Ah, yes. Such fun times. 

The Tucks pads were fun, too.
I think I would have died if I didn’t have the tucks pads! 
Truth..

The comments are hilarious, but I am legit wiping tears at this gif.

I’m so traumatized by this thread
Honestly, it's useful even if you don't rip or get stitches. That thing takes a beating during childbirth. Ouchies.
This is the stuff they should be teaching in school at sex ed.  I told all my nieces and daughter about this and hemorrhoids.  The look of fear and disgust on their face was satisfying.
birth...rips...vagina BUTTHOLE
Yep. Friend had a level 4 tear. That on top of trying to breastfeed? Strongest person ever.
I don’t think I want kids anymore...
As a woman who has yet to have a baby - WHAT?!
@johnlegend bro check on your wife
She’s fine bro.

“You’re glowing!!!” Is just a nice way of saying, “Your ass probably hurts, doesn’t it?!?!”
My last day of work, before I had my first, a customer told me I was glowing, I looked at her, smiled, & said, "Nope, just sweating.". She laughed & said, "Yeah, I hated those 'glowing' comments too.".
HA.
I was 17 with my first and NOBODY TOLD ME ANYTHING. We need to be educating  pregnant people about this so they know what’s coming 

Somehow, it does not deter me from wanting more? After 3 what’s another one really #helpme
Jeez that’s taken me back to the first of my three deliveries. 45 stitches. I could only pee in the bath otherwise it was agony when the pee washed over my wound. It was three weeks before I could sit. Women are warriors!
Don't forget sat on the rubber ring for weeks too my girls are 19 and 14 now and people say you forget the pain believe me you don't #butworthit
@johnlegend you did this to your wife twice? 
Thanks I’m never having kids
omg id rather die
best, and most accurate, description of the post-natal state.
Christine.
i used one of those spray bottles that tattoo artists use to clean the tattoo after doing it! Was a life saver and I wish i would have used it the first time around.
Motherhood sounds amazing
NOPE
Cooch sprayer saved my life (and my vagina) after I had Sully. I can give a testimonial. LMK.

Lol!
I haven’t experienced giving birth yet and I do want to one day. But HOLY SHIT.
It's actually not quite as bad as it sounds - they sew you up and everything pretty much goes back to normal  (it's just an issue when you need to go to the toilet while your healing)
Unless they put in the 'daddy stitch' to make you 'tight'
Urgh! So grim! (Luckily I was just put back to the way I was )
Thanks Chrissy, reading this made me close my legs very tightly. No thanks, not worth.
Have to spray w/ water & wear pads bigger than my head.
It's called a "vagasshole"
The alternative like I have is being sliced open and having your insides fiddled with, then getting stitched up and sent home after you've proudly announced that you had a BM. Then surprise! You have a baby that you can't do anything with cause you can't move properly. 
Do you have a TOTO Washlet? You have probably seen them in Japan! All sorts of wash and dry features! Perfect Mother’s Day gift for that special time!
Crying AF cuz that is real fuxkin life 
Just reading this tweet and the comments made my vagina clench. Imma just adopt
Note to self: GET TUBES TIED IMMEDIATELY! WTF!
Thank you for #chrissysplainin to the uninitiated. #psa #themoreyouknow
I'm so glad we never had children. Best decision ever!
Yes, a manual bidet. Never understood why anyone would need an actual bidet until after giving birth.
@chrissyteigen http://I.LOVE.YOU . 
That sounds about right, but I like the curve design of this one rather than the straight-nozzle hospital issued bottle that required the wrist of a contortionist to get the right angle.
6 stitches in my fucking urethra and inside  the vag after labor.  That thing is a life saver cause urine burns.
Wild. I’m never having kids
She right.
@escobem a buttgina! 
 TG I didn’t have a buttgina issue with you and your brother!!
Holy fuckin shit Batman that sounds just got damned horrendous. 
Lmao!!
I have birth to a 10lb baby, vaginally. TP is like sandpaper on raw skin.
Mine was almost that big. The next one was 2lbs less and shot out of me like a cannon ball. Good times.
Yep. And the poop is the most painful poop of your life. Nobody mentions that at the baby shower.
I healed “too well” so that my butthole was partially healed shut! Six weeks out and I was still white-knuckling every poop. OB used silver nitrate and burned the over-healed part off. Yowch (but a complete, instant fix). Postpartum is the weirdest time ever.
Yet another reason I’m not having kids. No thank you 
WHAT

I’m 41 years old and my mom still brings this up at the dinner table at thanksgiving. 52 STITCHES she cries. 52.
I would love to cook for you #
my friends and I called that a Frankenvag... buttgina is just as good though!

This tweet is one of the best forms of birth control.
When this is the 1st tweet you see first thing in the morning. O.o
physically pains me to read this and be a woman
Omgggggg, the absolute worse part of giving birth

You’re a gem and we’re lucky to have you 
Thinking about birth, huh?
No, I think that’s a hand-held bidet, but thanks for TMI

Really makes me reconsider having kids lmaoooooo
LMAO, right  i still want kids tho smh
Is that the reward  you get after rounds and rounds of IVF?  Sounds about right. . Yet there is nothing I want more. But, erm, please God, give me the opportunity to get a buttgina.  #infertilityawarenessweek.
Doctors use to purposely do that to women! It's a as called a episiotomy
Just save money and use an empty shampoo bottle, fill it up with water,  all clean. 

#buttgina #lifehack
Buttgina is my new favorite word
I believe the correct terminology is a “vass”
Frankenpussy. Thanks, kids!
1. Crying LOL right now  b/c SO TRUE. 
2. Why don’t American loos have bidets? sanitary & saves paper!TP industry won’t allow? 
3. Buttgina v. episiotomy. You hear ‘episiotomy’ & it doesn’t sound exactly NICE, but you’d never imagine buttgina. They don’t WANT you to know!
Soooo glad to was cut across my belly instead
@Mom_interrupted what a week of soundbites!!  Vaganus!  Buttgina!  Frankenvag!  Rectina!  Hoofed in the foof!  All hail the miracle of childbirth!!!!  Like democracy, it's the worst system, except for all the others.
Ahhh yes. 
I remember my perinuim well. 
My friends and I have always referred to this as a “vaganus,” but buttgina definitely conveys a similar mental picture.
@Qbertio
Get one for each washroom. I used a peri bottle, sitz bath, Tucks pads, and “padsicles”. Between the vacuum assisted birth & episiotomy, I hurt so much! So many stitches.
Please write a pregnancy/parenting book. 
Yep... 7. Layers. Of. Stitches.  Also forever ruined my fascination for tall-ass men. That peri bottle and a sitz-bath= incredible inventions
Mothers are amazing 
@justsilvial buttgina is my new biggest fear
Shout out to mothers.
Yup, I’m adopting
Or for that post ileostomy takedown surgery where you’re getting used to going from your butthole again and what’s coming out is too acidic for the skin, so you have to really clean it well so it doesn’t burn. #yeahitsgross #noididntneedone #strongbuttsftw
Those bottles and prescription strength lidocaine cream or gel are life-savers.
