I know @chrissyteigen will never give up the names of the vanderpumpers she was referring to (we know she doesn’t roll that way). But what if she did.
I met you at the Gainesville airport when you were getting your dog and you were delightful and sweet, tbh.
Pippa!
Yes!
So young. So full of hope.
Chrissy honestly can you tweet me so I’m not testy and bored (I’m not even pregnant)
THIS
Love it!
Very classy and nice. I wish more people thought like you. The world would be a nicer place. 
Chrissy is hood. She knows
You have no character.  You’re a phony.
That’s because you are loyal 
@smpt20 @kaylalovestoeat
I just love reading your tweets. Some are so funny. Some make me so hungry. Some are just so honest and I can relate. I love how honest and relatable you are. I would love a private tweet from you. It would make my day!
This is why I love you
Oh, please! Mean girl! 
She calls out people for no reason at all like Roseanne and Scott Baio! When they go low we go high my a$$! Michelle is class you are trash!
Dam...I am getting to really like your tweets 
That sounds kind and respectful. Maybe social media isn’t for you.
I can promise you we are all huge Chrissy fans over here 
I have a feeling it’s Kristen. Remember she corrected your spelling of her name? If you don’t respond to this, I’ll take that as a yes, it’s Kristen ;)

You’re so awesome 
Quote worthy statement.
Is this Schimmel and Amber Rose?
Classy. Wish civility was the norm instead of the exception.
Its totally Peter.
Queen
I wish I could meet you one of these days, and not in my dreams where we are getting matching tattoos and getting our makeup done
As I always say (it's my Twitter tag line)  "Only mediocre people are at their best everyday."
i love u sm ur so savage but also a real human... but are you rly real
It was totally scheena 
So it’s Kristen
We love a mature queen
Hey Chrissy who’s side are you on re: Kim vs Nene. Kim exposed herself a lot!
Whose*
Do you think the public (us) will ever find out who bit Beyoncè it’s haunting me
Two days after the story was told Sana Lathaan (sp?) was revealed as the biter

Movie Love and Basketball from the late 90s early 2000s
Love this
True Kantian categorical imperative 
They still be making stories about your tweets 
Isnt that kinda the point?
Daaaaaaamn iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittttttt!
Except that you're a national treasure.

THANK YOU!! This is a psychology lesson I'm learning in class (situational thinking) and I'm glad I'm not the only one
You could literally stab me and I would just be grateful to have a moment of your time
We don’t deserve you, Chrissy
That’s called emotional maturity
I feel like the #pumprules kids are sweating now "was it me??!!"
No te puedo amar más, creo.
One time I saw Scott Speedman at the Toronto airport and I was ugly crying because I was going back home after visiting my boyfriend (now husband). Speedman and I recognized that I knew who he was. Thankfully he never made fun of me for it.

Also it was a bit before social media.
Yup yup! Girl code!!! Now that's a friend .... or non gossiper... bravo .. sometimes peeps need a little privacy
i’m going to guess  stassi & christina with the snaggletooth
The strongest thing is really recognize even your thinking, it improves as you get wiser...love
Sometimes you only get to make one impression...
You were the best I've ever had
You are a #bamf
ugh i hate when people do that with celebs. like they themselves are cheerful and personable 24/7 no matter what
207  SALINA  KS  67401  AND AT  620-309-0126  AND  MAY  YAHWEH  BLESS  AND  YOU   JOHN  AND  YOUR  FAMILY  ALWAYS
Some people I know need to read this a few times. It'll take a decade but I hope they get it
This is why we love you!
can we be friends? you slay me
You were the loveliest, kindest celeb I’ve ever met - by far!
You have to tell us who these pumpers are! You can’t do this to your people Chrissy 

Kinda like the time my girlfriend and I invited you and @johnlegend on a Mac and Cheese double date when you came to Albany, but then instead of saying no like a normal person, you had to cancel the show?! Whats up with that? #StillGotLove #ItsAllGouda #AllTheCheeseLoveAllOfYou
Ok but if a weird encounter happens again with this same person will you tell us
too pure
It’s ok @chrissyteigen. You’re still my fav
Let 'em write an article about this tweet please
this is so level-headed and rational. Delete it, it doesn’t belong on twitter lmao
Have you made any “nail” jokes with your husband the Christ?
Well I’ve only seen you in pictures but I still think you’re gorgeous 
Oh! Story of my life
Jax is still the worst no matter the situation.
And also Scheana
Condolences to Rob.
Did you guys hear that Rob can mount a TV in under seven minutes?
I hadn't. But that's pretty impressive.
What else do people do on twitter?
Um... well my meeting with you was phenomenal, so I’m solely basing my adoration on that.  #sorrynotsorry
If you DM it to me I'll keep it secret in my heart forever
Maybe it’s just me but I find it terrible that so many people define Chrissy by the number of times and manner in which she throws shade at people online
Nah, she doesn’t throw it often, she responds to thrown shade and eats it like Popeye eats spinach.
I’m going have to buy one of her cookery books to at least see another angle of her person
That’s a great idea.

Hey Chrissy, do I get a cut? 

Bigtime,if you judged me by my worst day or moment it would be a nightmare and if we all did that we'd be in our own cubicles apart from all humans..maybe something the ig judgment gen could ponder as staring at phones with no interaction reigns
Preach it girl!!!!
This says so much about your character. So admirable 

Hey, you rock
His tweet tells me everything I need to know about you 
My tweet? I’m a chick lol. But my point was that she’s not the kind of girl to call out people for odd meetings (unlike some people on Twitter) but imagine the drama/headlines that would ensue if she did. Basically, she’s a better person than me. 
Should have said ‘This’.  And it was my lame attempt at a joke.

I was making a jovial judgement on her based entirely on the one tweet.
It’s all good!!! I just went into a panic because I didn’t mean it to be shaded, and would throw myself into traffic if I thought she was shading me. Sorry!!
We’re all good.  Have a great day :-)
Chrissy my mom loves you. She thinks you’re quite the chef. Warms my heart.
And she’s a non judgmental vegan!
You’re better than most white people then 
Really???
Yup! 
Nope.
Well said
Yessss
you win at life
