Amazing! Good job guys, these babies your can’t stop making have wonderful role models.

We should all give you our passwords so that you can speak Truth to Trump (that bully who supposedly is a victim of bullying   )  nonstop via Twitter. Obviously it was having an impact. #TY
That’s fantastic! Congratulations!!
This is awesome and love ur activism
 I know I've tweeted u about it b4, n I'll make this the last time but with ur massive following hope u do. Any chance you can take time to check out @NuDaySyria , n help get the word out. They are creating miracles but not many r aware. Pls.
Fantastic fund raising and you are so beautiful! That dress looks fabulous on you.
SO wonderful!!!
Truly, America’s First Family...the Legends!
Could not believe you all got $1.1 million for the dinner. That is fabulous!
You look beautiful!
Congratulations Mrs. Teigen/Legend I love you spunk and personality you seem to have. Heart of gold  enjoy your honors my dear!!!
That is awesome!
You look lovely in that beautiful dress. I hope the rest of your pregnancy goes well, that delivery is smooth and that post-party doesn't plague you this time around.
WOW ... you and the amount of $$$ raised. 
Beautiful
You & John are a gorgeous couple!  
What a beautiful gift to give. May others be inspired.
What a great dress!
u are beautiful
You looking stunning tonight! So proud of you for receiving the heart of the city award, and for always giving back to the community.  
You always look so stunning Chrissy
Chrissy is always a winner!!
That dress is amazing on you, absolute perfection!
This is AMAZING, Chrissy! Thanks to you and John for being such a giving, lovely couple.
You are truly an amazing person!!! 

You look stunning
Love love the dress. You should wear more pink.
This is awesome!!! Well done!!
Queen 
I love that you guys raised so much money for such a great cause.  But certainly highlights wealth inequality in this country.
Omg, that is FANTASTIC!!!
Incredible! 

P.S. You look stunning 
go mama!!!
Grate
