rookie mistake asking that 2nd question!!
He replied ‘none... just ordinary people’
“George Clooney. Abe Vigoda. Martin Short.”
“Well I have a famous ex, he lives in Canada and is like really popular up there...”
Chrissy scores AGAIN! No one beats her at her game 
Who was on your fake list?
Like if you want her to spill the fake list 
“Yeah. Well. I fucked John Malkovich, so THERE!”

He so should have said Betty White
He must have ignored the alarm bells in his head to answer. Never ignore the alarm bells
I can already tell why that question led to a fight.
Who? Who? Who!
Christine your tweet put s smile on my face just alway be you 
Pure gold.
You should go with fictional characters to see if he’s listening: Han Solo, Grover, Hamburgler, etc.
No you should have said like four people he sees occasionally.... dentist, crossing guard, barista, valet
Feel free to make him jealous by mentioning me. I’ll gladly remind him that Springfield South was always inferior to the rest.
The Rock or Idris woulda been great lies, unless they’re true...
Shoulda said all three brothers from Home Improvement and thrown him a curveball
Lol 
@chrissyteigen I need your help!! It’s your de-motivational speaker skillset with a splash of sass and kick-ass attitude that is why I’m reaching out! 

#whereschrissy#sendhelp#isthishowtwitterworks
Love your transparency!
ATTENTION ALL TRUMP SUPPORTERS! LOOK AT THIS!!
Ok nowwwwww i get it. 
I’m dead !!! 
First reaction listening to “Ye vs The People” by @kanyewest & @Tip 
…
Don’t ask questions you don’t want to know the answers to! And if you’re not sure... don’t ask! I don’t ask questions I’m not prepared to answer lol
I can totally see you at the grammy's, just sitting, looking around and pointing people out. Her? What about her? 

You are just about the fiercest woman I know of and I think all moms should hope their daughters grow up to be just like you.
#dead
Lol that shits funny! Fuckin love you man
Or if he turned the question around on you 
Yeah, but it must’ve been a pretty good list to fight about it 
I used to admire you until I saw Jenner and Kardashians at your shower.
Just turn on #AXSTV Willie will take care of all
How about the first letter of their first name

Hilarious and this is why we follow crazy oh I meant Chrissy
I’m a REAL mistake
LMFAOOOO
