Teigen is as ignorant as they come- John LEGEND is worse with all his virtue signaling
have you tried not replying to her and living your own life, or is that too hard a concept
I literally reported him. His tweets are horrific. I saw “brown people” on one of his tweets as I was reporting him.... wtf?
his bio says “i laugh at lefties” god imagine thinking your identity should revolve around being that big a loser WHEW
lmao dudes get so pressed when queer women reject them SORRY JUAN OL' PAL BUT BRITTANY DOESN'T WANT TO SLEEP WITH YOU NO MATTER HOW HARD YOU NEG HER

the internet lied to you, that's not how you get girls
IS THIS A REFERENCE TO THAT FAKE VINCE STAPLES INTERVIEW ABOUT YE???
WHAT IN THE NAME OF WILLIAM H. FUCKINGTON IS HAPPENING

Like this tweet if Kim should take Kanye's phone away
Manufactured life that they sell to us.
!!!
Damage control/distraction tweet? I’m over Kanye/his complicit wife/in laws.This is serious stuff Kanye is putting out there. Nobody cares he’s Republican but we do care that he is a Trump supporter! Do birds of a feather flock together? I hope not, I  Chrissy and John!
This is a fake account paid for by #NWO #Soros 
??? - I guess this is the goto response from the extreme far right who are trying to divide our VOTE for Trump! Again, I don’t care if Kanye is Republican but I do care that he is supporting race hater Trump (BIG DIFFERENCE) who is using Hitlers playbook!
Why would a race hater accomplish having the lowest unemployment rate for all the races tho? Like you sound very uninformed 
Nothing's changed
Disagree. You've been douped


I know you don't really like her
Damn you a dumb hater eh
Teigen and @johnlegend are pedos?

Satanic pedos?

4Qf7RP43DcvN2C
Model Chrissy and model Krissy best friend sz
I believe she may be hearing “lift yourself” for the first time
I just heard it.... 
Lol 
Friendship goals
I need a friend like you 
Wow, you are on damage control.
Talking a to a good friend who just threw her a surprise baby shower is some how damage control?
Have you been living under a rock for the last 2 days?
I'm impressed. I didn't think Chrissy could count.
I don’t get it ?
I don't get it but I still think you're crazy adorable.
next time you want to make banana bread I drop over some bananas for you Chrissy xxx
What kind of game is that. Chrissy.
#BoycottTwitter512018

Yes i believe you
Could be the @jasonderulo song  fracturing @TimothyDeLaG 1-2-3 

Huh?
Why you worried about this?
Que pedo
What need to play!
Heart sz 
@johnlegend  =  GRACE
@chrissyteigen  =  GRACE


