When’s ur due date??
Does your monitor feature the best and greatest warning sticker ever created?
That's a picture of?
So I saw a local cake place of mine is selling creme brûlée eclairs and I needed to tell somebody and I felt like that person should be you
Ok but where do u live 
Lakewood, Ohio!! Kelsey Elizabeth Cakes (she has an Instagram) it’s located in rocky river. She has s’mores eclairs and wildflower eclairs and lemon ones i think she just started doing them and makes AMAZINGGG macarons too
Hey your not far from me  Elyria
Good ol Elyria..  I’m originally from Lagrange so not far
I worked out their for a while so nope not far at all
hi honey relax time 
I loved non stress tests  just chillin listening to baby’s beautiful heartbeat...wishing I had a sammich 
Don’t go getting high blood pressure off of Twitter, chile...
Or maybe do a social media detox for your and your babes health. Everyone should periodically
You’re suppose to just lay there lmao 
Most of us love you Chrissy.  Don’t let the shitbags stress you out
Honestly how this man’s signature looks to me. Block it Jesus.
#WeKnow #greatawakening #Pizzagate #pedogate
NSTs are so damn stressful! I drink juice before I go so the baby moves lol maybe I should just read Twitter lol
Only read the headlines, save the deep dives for the ride home...skim to win
Shit. Having flashbacks of my NST with my last pregnancy
@SmiviaOlivia
Thanks for the idea.  I am having a stress test for my heart in a few weeks and need to get my heart rate up. Hopefully, I can bring my phone!
You take care of yourself.
Liberals are relentlessly attacking Kanye.

This is what happens when you think for yourself & don't subscribe to their mind control.

It doesn't matter what color you are or how much money you have, they will attack you with everything they can to shut you up....

Go Kanye!!!!
Chrissy you make my day.
You are my favorite
If at all possible, can you read my daughter's gofund me story? And if it's something you feel comfortable supporting will you Retweet it. She is trying to raise tuition money.
Here’s a calming twitter comment “ohmmmmmmm” 
“Non-stress test” is such false advertising.
As an L&D rn I would agree! 
Does this help?
Sure as hell helped me 
Just posting to bring the male perspective.  I got nothing.
Funny
Baby’s HR legit spikes into the 170s during mine, whilst I’m catching up on Twitter.  Today I showed my phone and no issues...
Perhaps it's just you. You reap what you sow...

Honestly, why are we all even on here? All it does is stress me out. What is wrong with all of us???
As a labor and delivery nurse.. the more zig zags the better!

Maybe you're just following the wrong people...

Are the zigzags your baby’s heart rate going up? Because that’s really good, you want that!! If they are baby’s heart rate going down or unwanted contractions, then yea, stay off Twitter 
Be very nervous......

Hahaha
Same
Would  be nice to flip  a heart  once in a while , acknowledge we exist.
Your child knows better than let you look at the nonsense.
#pizzagate id be nervous too #Qanon
I remember doing that 
I can’t even fathom how many blocked words or phrases you have.
You want zig zags, Chrissy . Happy baby= lots of zig zags
You are a wonderful wife, fashion designer ,mother to be of another beautiful baby,  a great family who loves you to the moon and back, etc. I would only focus on my health, my man, and my babies.  People can be cruel but always remember,   aim high and block their bs.
Way too much stress not only for you but your baby boy. People hate it when you're positive and I personally seen that you. Live in peace and harmony!! Live you guys. Your daughter is beautiful.
Don’t let the social media stress you out. You’re above it. We all are. You aren’t responsible for these fools. 
 Love this video of black Trump supporters explaining why they do:
Trump on racism:
Truth bomb:
Democrats don’t just “not care about” black people.

Democrats HATE black people.…
I would miss you, but if Twitter is giving you stress, maybe its time for a short break? Not good for you or the baby to be letting trolls upset you. #selfcare  #selflove
Does it mean that your baby was trending?
Girl, my husband "remembered that he forgot to tell me" about an in-law gathering during one of mine. That thing looked like that damn Himalayas.
This has 420 retweets!!
THE FACT THAT IT HAS 420 RETWEETS AND NO ONE BETTER RETWEET IT
Pedo
Maybe you need to get your unborn baby a twitter account. Maybe the stress comes from feeling left out.

“Zig zags” are good during a non stress test

You need a reminder to take care of yourself?
Aloe Bud is the adorable self-care app you’ve been waiting for https://tcrn.ch/2Kjwt0t  by @sarahintampa 
bold move
but what if the things on Twitter are more like this
https://www.instagram.com/p/BiAbhlHFpqU/ 

and this
https://www.instagram.com/p/BhPI89Nl6ax/ 

and this
You need to tell your man to stop posting such nonsense on his Twitter. He's coming off so ignorant and hateful it's pretty sad. @kanyewest has put him in his place so many times it's pretty crazy. If you want less stress try educating your man before he goes social again. #MAGA
Hahaa!
Ugh. I had one of those. Kiddo didn't cooperate. I learned about nipple stimulation to start contractions. Good luck. 
Forget about it
Don't read the negative just look after you
Social media makes you a little cray right?? Can't post a simple meme without everyone getting their panties in a bunch anymore. Something has got to be in the water because everyone is way more emotional every year!!
If your kid is a boy, PLEASE name TheManTheMythThe.
If Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize for doing literally nothing then @realDonaldTrump should win ten for eradicating ISIS and getting North Korea to denuclearize. Trump has literally saved Western Civilization.
This could calm anyone down.
As long as they go up you're good!
as an ekg tech student, this tweet is so funny 
My little blessing used to try to hide from it and also kick the monitor. He kept throwing off the counts, and it would last over an hour. Good times.
Wow that’s interesting
There is no Twitter where your going. Tweet while you can..... Jail bird soon
History continues to be made under this president! You might not like his tweets but you can’t deny his results!  #maga #korea
Chance The Rapper said he was sorry for saying “not all black people have to be Democrats”

... and back to the Democratic Plantation he goes! He folded under pressure and submitted to the Far Left mob. Democrats hate blacks who think for themselves.
Imma let you finish, but @realDonaldTrump is on track to becoming the best president in US history. #KoreanWar
Been there done that. 2x a week for the last 6 weeks of pregnancy. Good luck lady!
You must be reading the showdown between Derick Dillard and twitter.
I hear Hashtag is a trendy name for newborns nowadays.
Girl go play with Luna and eff social media!!
Haha 
Im headed to mine in a minute I didnt realise it was ok to use my phone! Ive been sitting there every week now for past 4 weeks just staring into the oblivien lol
Chrissy, you're way stronger than that 
When are you due
here’s an apple pie to look at. don’t mind my belly, i’m cooking a baby as well as pies.
You should tweet this to Ramsay
my ego can’t take that 

So you're passing your NSTs?  I guess drinking a coke would be easier on the soul.
Liberals today, “Damnit! I wanted North Korea to nuke the United States to make Trump look bad.”
Just send some nasty replies to Herr Trumpenfuhrer. That’s how I relieve my stress.
I freaking love you don't dissappear from the face of the internet 
I don’t know what John sees in you? You are pretty funny, pretty and funny. Witty too. From where I tweet you two are a beautiful and intelligent couple.
Stop they are going to think you’re having late decels!
Hope the baby is doing well

Coincidentally zig zags have been known to help relieve stress.
Badupbup-ching 
Talking about gas prices a few minutes ago, we started to nibble around the edges of why gas prices have been going up and I had to say “my BP is nice and low rn, so let’s leave that alone.” #nopoliticaltalk
Hated the NSTs. They are nothing but stress. And I didn’t even have a toddler to contend with. 
Hahahahaha twitter does that to me to but I can’t even relate because sis I know your zig zags are more stressed than mines lol
Yes just chill
Fetal monitor looking like Donald Trump’s signature.
Your husband is our only hope for any semblance of sanity on Twitter right now.
Ahhh, I kinda doubt that.
Happy thoughts 
Congratulations on the new pregnancy 
https://youtu.be/Y9W_l0CPUzA  
Take a break for your own sake, Chrissy. We will miss you but don’t let Twitter get you down.
 same!
I used to take a nap during my NST's.  It was the only peace and quiet I had 
You are the one of the only non-stressful aspects  remaining about Twitter . Hope you never leave it!

Please tweet while giving birth Legend
Do they resemble Donald Trump's signature on Kanye's MAGA hat?
Aww Mom. You’re doing great! Don’t let these dummies get your BP up! 
I feel like you've been pregnant for 2 years, how about you?  Lie still, breathe...you got this.  #happymomma
#healthybaby
#jesusisyourbabydaddy
#wishyouthebest
#babiesareawesome
#fountainofyouth
Don't quote trump or kanye. Those zig zags could turn into a "walk the dog" picture
Love you. Hang in there. Screw the trolls. (Not literally of course) U got this.
That might be a good idea
Sorry. Too fucking funny.
Put the phone down!
Think happy thoughts. Casseroles. Bacon. Beautiful baked goods that don’t stick to the pan but still have a slight burnt crisp. Oooosaaaaaa.... lol
Don't stick to the plan but have a slight burnt crust could be the most beautiful thing I have ever read.
I agree! It is a lot! Take a break from this back and forth, he said, she said, etc. etc.
There's a noticeable difference in my Zig Zags too #HaahHaahHaaah #WizLaugh
Someone is going to study twitter babies vs non Twitter babies someday
Don't late the things on tweeter upset you because at the end of the day you can delete those people out of your life
lol...still take it easy..use twitter if you must in a non stressful way..stay away from pages that get you riled up!
And I gotta stop talking with my Uber driver about the latest posts I’ve read on Twitter about #TrumpRussia.  By the time he dropped my off his heart was zigzagging out of control. I had to ask him to take deep breaths.  Left him a big tip.
Haven’t you been pregnant for two years now
There's always the now barely used Snapchat
Yes Chrissy, that is a good idea! We do nt want u zig zagging lol
But your tweets are soooo funny!
definitely
keep you and the baby safe!
Omg I feel your pain. My baby would do sunmersaults when I checked twitter and she’d literally start twitching when I read Trump’s tweets.
My husband kept making me laugh during mine and the nurse came in and thought we were arguing and told him he might want to leave until it was over.
Take care of yourself and tune out the crazy twitter drama for awhile
I had to be on social media in order to get riled up to wake up my babe.. she decided she always wanted to sleep during my non-stress tests. 
I wonder if there are AA meetings but for Twitter addiction
FUCK TWITTER. (Sometimes..)
I love being pregnant at the same time you are because you deal with the annoyances in such a frank, funny way.
I did the same. I was trying to keep it quiet, but laughing so hard, that they thought I was having contractions.
Hey how about our President. Isn't he awesome.
Gurrlll....
No no
Hush, go to the happy place....

Focus on the cute kid, the handsome & loving husband and the great life.  Breathe in, breathe out.  :)
Hahaha
It’s not twitter...it’s just @ariezrawaldman #letsbehonest
read Jake Tapper's new book instead. Gripping and about a murder but still better than Twitter during your examination
How can there not be Chrissy? Lool
Chrissy I'm so glad you're alive. Thank you.
I bet!
Well then
I can't help it that your husband hates white people. We call that a RACIST
Try knitting. Seriously.
I legit believe you were born to be on Twitter
I hope you guys drop Kanye & his airhead like a hot rock.
Did you consider deleting twitter during this pregnancy? Or are the laughs just too valuable? *can 100% relate to good laughs*

Omg how do I keep this on my phone I need to use it daily ( 20+times) Its very calming and I'm not pregnant
You can search destress heart gif & it comes up on google. Click it & save to your home screen 
Thank you/ it really is awesome. I think it could help with my problem with going to sleep & maybe my anxiety- it's worth a shot and it's drugfree! Thanks doll
Have you seen Infinty War yet ??
I say this about my life in general every day girl. There's more bad than good here lol @udontknowB
Noticible indeed.
Pretty sure Twitter & non-stress go together like peanut butter & holding a lit match while covered in gasoline.
LLH" ROLLING TOO DAMN TRU" !!!
could have ended that after 5 words
without your tweets what should I do?
We love you and baby too #NoStress

Ps. Stay away from #KimYe ...docs orders
I love you Chrissy
just read my timeline it’s therapeutic.
Just delete your Twitter and go away
That’s a smart decision 
Mine too. 
whats your favourite Nicki Minaj song
