
Yow @johnlegend yow wazzup
When I first read this I thought it said Magic Johnson can vouch and I was even more confused.
Are you in NY?  There are two tall African American men who always dress identically and stand out the front of an office building in midtown to get autographs from celebrities visiting the building.  At least two days a week - often eating or drinking the same thing 
Wow. Nuts :)
No, bananas!


@JohnRoberts1993 ..?
It was ridiculous mate. One second they were there, next gone. Was so rude, we had that booked for months and they couldn't even put in the effort to hang around. Sheila put in so much easier effort to organise everyone
Can you two dress identically and eat bananas?  We need a re-enactment.
Just offer John's underwear to the public in exchange for bananas again, then lure them into a photo trap. It's a service you provide to Twitter. We thank you.

@johnlegend and @chrissyteigen are slowly becoming my favorite couple; slowly overtaking @itsgabrielleu and @DwyaneWade

All I can think of.
UGH I WANTED TO SEE 
DAMN IT. i wanted to see this
STREAM IT!

@iamcardib. @pitbull @angelayee @MariahCarey                              Listen to Put it down - Mistablack by Sonny Garza #np on #SoundCloud
https://soundcloud.com/sonny-garza-731621425/put-it-down-mistablack …



Cracking me up!
Were they these guys

Tease

Idek what this tweet needs to represent
They’ll return someday .... don’t give up 
Maybe they traveled back through time to try bananas and mission complete they went home lol
Maybe they were there just for you. Mind,blown.
I believe you Chrissy, I don’t need John to vouch for you. But hey if @johnlegend wants to tweet me directly, who am I to stop him?
uh huh ...that's bananas...
Are you sure its not fake news . Lol lol lol
Who are you?  I keep hearing your name and not sure who you are besides John Legends wife.  But people seem to care what you have to say for some reason.
at first I thought JOHN CAN VOUCH was a dutch swear or something.
Omg I’m devastated this was the only thing I got excited about today
Chrissy. Why are you yelling at us?
Like he wouldn't lie for you.  :)
Time to contact the government and get the street cam footage.
Chrissy, the banana twins have been dead for 40 years
No pics. Didn’t happen
Glitch in the matrix
you'll start seeing more synchronicities, its a good thing
We are both lucky to have patient husbands who support us in our “different” things...lol
What’s with you and bananas?
Glitches in the matrix happen to famous people too wow
You went back  I love you
Lies

Breathe, Chrissy, breathe.
Bippity boppity poof!
@johnlegend where you at
I was looking forward to seeing them. DANG IT! 
Noooooooo
Can you draw?
Sure, Chrissy, sure. We believe you. 
Can you draw us a picture of what you saw, please?
I thought you were talking about Kanye and Kim! Shame #thekkkcouple
The article they write about this is going to be EPIC.
 really wanted to see the pic
FIND THEM CHRISSY
@johnlegend please confirm

OMG. Don't eat the bananas!!!!
IM SICK WTF
You’re in a holographic simulator, right @SethMacFarlane?
Dammit I clicked on your profile hoping for a pic!!!
#LivingInTheMatrix
Ahhhh.. I trust u. @Google needs to hurry & stop hogging all the futuristic stuff for them and their employees at the offices to play with. I know yall got a hologram memory reader to go back to what u saw up to 10 hrs and playback, print & share it. #GoogleMind
Ohhhhh weee. The #cheaters are going to boycott it! They get home. Soooooo honey... Where u been? Work.... Work?!!!!..... Look at this!!! Plays her #GoogleMind of her seeing him kissing a woman. 

Or they going to ask... Let me see ya #GoogleMind if u just been working!! Play it
Did they leave the banana peels?
DAMMIT
They were probably just aliens who beamed back up to their ship.
awww, thoughts and prayers.
The banana twins?

Od!!!!
Mirages
I knew it was too good to be true.
Cocaine's a hell of a drug.   Haha!
Nooooo 
What were the banana eating twins wearing???

U 2 dissapearing? One can only hope.

That's unfortunate lol
NO WAY
Am I the only one waiting for @johnlegend to confirm this? 
I believe you.

Sure...  Ok..
TARDIS banana corner
The world wasn’t meant to see it, Chrissy. But you got to experience the magic and no one can take that away from you.
Wish you and JL would go away.
If wishes were horses...
R/Glitch_In_The_Matrix
you’ve just caught a glimpse of a glitch in the matrix
For some reason when you said john, I assumed John cena because "you can't see him"
Interdemensional banana twins

It was a glitch in the Matrix

That's even funnier

Sorry.... We had to leave so we could order a Hawaiian Pizza with extra pineapple. 
They saw your tweet!!!
For a second there, I thought this was a #AvengersInfinityWar spoiler
So you both saw The Banana Twins Apparitions! 
Glitch in the matrix!
Damn Chrissy I really wanted to see the banana eating outfit twins 
@johnlegend Gonna need you to provide receipts for this one  
So disappointed. Actually wanted to see that 
She won't reply my tweet
Was it Gilbert and George?
Did John/Jesus perform a miracle?
Mxm
Did you take a pic? /:
TIME TRAVEL BANANAS!!!
Chrissy has the best celebrity Twitter page. 
Wow! This is weird! Kind of freaky actually!
Glitch in the matrix
Nooooooooo 
Your glitch in the matrix moment.
Damn, I was so invested I stopped putting makeup on. Lol.
I was hoping for a picture. 

Stop lying chrissy
America right now:
You tried!

Do you ever wonder whether you are Truman?

Damn, I was looking forward to seeing the photo 
Damn I was looking forward to that 
#warlocks
You saw #InfinityWar ?
Noooo I was waiting. Disappointed.
 u was serious huh!
"John can vouch" is like your best mate verifying your claims that you saw a UFO. He's not gonna hang you out to dry like that. 

Get a sketch artist PRONTO! 
Well @johnlegend what say you? 

Two people who were standing on a corner waiting to cross the street are gone. After crossing the street. Magic

Is it possible John is just indulging your hallucinatory episodes?
Nooooo
@johnlegend sir, you have been called for Twitter service. Please report promptly to confirm the details that @chrissyteigen has provided. Thank you.
glitch in the matrix?
Stop driving around Kanye's house! Weird shit is going on their!
If @johnlegend is Jesus he can just look inside himself and find out where they went...
Well my day is SHOT TO HELL NOW, THANKS!
Maybe it was some kind of performance art? lol

it doesn’t take very long to eat a banana
Must have been on a break.
girl,you gotta recreate it now for us
its ok, we believe you 
@johnlegend VOUCH PLS
They saw your tweet and didn’t want to get exposed

whats ur favourite Nicki Minaj song
Well darn 
Maybe they follow you and decided it was a game of hide n seek
Damn it
The bananas were probably teleporters.
Pics or it didnt happen!
Lol 
Nooooo!!!!

noooooooo
omgg
