Trump threatens to "close down the country" if he doesn't get more border wall funding in September. (via Fox) 
Now I'm just picturing him flipping a giant switch then the whole country goes dark
I thought he and his supporters don’t want the country to get any darker...lol...nudge-nudge, wink-wink.
That's amazing 
POTUS also hates grammar and coherent thoughts.
He is an idiot’s idiot and won’t apologize for it. It’s really quite something.
Stop complaining already. Jesus
Perhaps she will once a leader of our Nation begins to focus on speaking with intelligence and decorum - rather than a slightly neglected bully in 3rd grade 
You can watch it with no sound, and still tell he is making zero sense
Yep, because his mouth was open.
Lol garbage 
By the time we get to Sept multiple of his family members will have been indicted and Mueller would've sent his findings to Congress. #trusttheprocess
Really?? Wanna bet on that? 
I'm going to close down the country if I don't get what I want!!!
"Fox News is assaulting our constitutional order and the rule of law...Fox has degenerated…to a mere propaganda machine for a destructive and ethically ruinous administration"—retired Lt. Col. Ralph Peters' statement as he resigns from @FoxNews
Which is amazing because according to him, he has all the best words! I swear, it’s like he never made it out of kindergarten!!!!
I live a few miles from the border in San Diego. NOTHING has started, FFS. We already have a border (some areas are being repaired) & people aren’t “pouring in.” The illegal voting insinuation is moronic. The man is completely full of crap.
He makes me want to vomit
A ton of Americans just cheered at someone saying they will literally trap them in a country if they don't give donnie some $$ wtf are you serious
Chrissy the main thing I appreciate about this tweet is that you knew not to use “everyday.”
My husband and I bought a beautiful VW Tiguan today. So of COURSE we named her Chrissy :-)  #ChrissyTiguan
so u let ur husband ride around inside of Chrissy? lucky dog!
Explain this to your friend Kanye please and thank you
I was thinking the same thing
John reached out to him in private. Mr West tweeted the private text exchange and called John manipulative. You can see it on Mr West's timeline. Mr West is, for example, a twunt.
The fact that you keep calling him Mr West makes this 10x better
He thinks if he threatens things he will get what he wants.   What he needs is a permanent trip to jail!
I’m watching this on mute and he still makes my head hurt. He has the intelligence of a lemon
Why watch then? Trump is living on your head!!!
Because I wanted to watch. I simply stated my opinion about him
50% of what he says = that’s not a thing
OMG close down the country?!!! What the F is he talking about!!?!!! The wall can’t be build with the rivers in play and he already lied telling us Mexico will pay! He needs to step down!

And yet...

"Trump is for us.
Trump is with us.
Trump is one of us."

Direct quote from fellow Michiganders. I'm astounded at how oblivious they are.
I find it annoying how he never acknowledged James Shaw Jr. who stopped the Wafflehouse shooter with his own hands and got injured in the process, and is donating the money people raised for him to the funerals of victims. Yet when Kanye praises him, he responds to him in seconds
"close down the country"? Does that mean we all stay home from work?
Trump never makes sense...
I'm still going to stay home, I think.
why does he speak like he learned english from a book on how to be disrespectful towards literally everyone
It’s like he has diarrhea... but from a different end.
He’s a grown toddler who is used to getting his way and threatens to ruin everything cause he’s not getting his way
What a fucking jackass, for a president!!!!!
Trump 2020! 
Lol no way
Who are these people that attend his rallies? He is a total mental case.
Trump is the kind of asshole that makes other assholes look at him and say, "Now THAT is a real asshole!"
It's amazing how Trump is still the most hated entity even this week. I mean we all saw what Thanos did and still Trump is ahead
Every day. I'm exhausted and keep hoping he'll stroke out, but I really want to see him go to prison and cry like a baby.
i hope that too
How does one “close down” a country, anyway?
I imagine Trump putting a closed sign on the door of the white house.
So true. It’s embarrassing to be an American right now.
Seriously. He’s drunk uncle from SNL
He is incapable. His command of the English language is nonexistent. And this President’s facial expression says it all. Man, I miss President Obama!
Can we deport him? Maybe he’ll find the funds for the wall.
I can guarantee that guy with the "black for Trump" shirt on was strategically placed by him too!!
At every rally!
His impeachment hearings will be the highest rated event on television,  he will then have what he wanted, everyone paying attention to him in his moment of glory...
He’s not a president. He’s not a statesman. He’s a spoiled, clueless, trust fund baby who has never held an actual job.  

Anything reported that he doesn’t like is fake news.

How best to describe him? A stupid insecure loser with daddy’s money.
If we just build him 100 feet, maybe he  will shut up and move on! He will say it is the best, longest, shiniest wall ever built by any President! #asshatpresident
It's the million monkeys typewriter theory. 

If he keeps saying enough words in a row, at some point something will make sense.
Sorry Americans but this guy is just comedy gold and the rest of the world is just laughing at him
I’m not laughing, the rest of the world shouldn’t be laughing either. He is oppressing too many people. He doesn’t like anyone besides the people that offers him deals and money. Our kids do not deserve to see a man like that governing this great country. Values, he lacks values!
Who is he oppressing? there’s only so many jobs, resources, homes, etc in America when you eliminate illegal immigrants the American people get to use our resources how we deserve we’re not a charity and we certainly don’t need to open our country to any and everybody
I think you don’t watch the news or do your research. He is fighting his own people, not illegal immigrants only. Anyway
Meanwhile AZ is so DESPERATE for education funding that 50k+ teachers are marching on the capitol. But, go ahead, Trump, keep talking about the fucking wall. Super urgent and topical.
Bong bong bing
And facts. Big problem with the truth. 

What a sad man he is that since he knows the correspondent dinner will be roasting him (as they do with every president) he needs a big rally to inflate his ego. 

So pathetic
He forgets he's not a dictator- he can't close a country- red meat for the idiots who voted him in
He is trying to be a dictator! He can be in his house, not in this country! #FreetheUS
What's wrong with the people clapping? How many undocumented people vote? I need to see the data? Do we need the wall for security or so undocumented can't vote for Democrats? So much nonsense.
I still can't believe millions of people thought it was a good idea to elect a petulant and incompetent man-child to the White House.

Or that many of them actually think he's doing a good job.
Loved how he said "we are going to have clean and clean water" crowd cheers, but in Flint, MI water is still contaminated.  guess no one from Flint was there and the rest of MI doesnt care.
1.6 b for a wall. But teachers need to buy their own school supplies. Could find better use for that 1.6 billion. How about more inclusive parks for children in wheelchairs!
How was hanging with Kanye last night
Trump and his endless battles.
What a fucking moronatic.
It’s like he has 4 brain cells and they’re all fighting.

THIS. This is the daily typical. But it's not normal. @realDonaldTrump has caused so much division & damage to America. He's caused a rapidly imploding democracy. We need to stop this ASAP. VOTE  Vote out the real deplorables - the @GOP. Because this  
…
I wish for him to go away so I can stop eating donuts.
Every.f*http://cking.day .
He’s so orange 
Is he waiting for the mexican govt checks to clear or something whats going on?
#DrunkUncle gets loose to tell more rantings
Him and Kanye. Crazy ass clowns. 
President @realDonaldTrump: "We stand on the shoulders of patriots who poured out their sweat and blood and tears for our country, for our flag, and for our God." #TrumpRally
Chrissy, Chrissy...John and Haiti...
Best name I have ever been called. Thank you!
NO, TURN THE COUNTRY OFF!!!
He's a complete fool
WHY THE FUCK IS HE STILL HAVING RALLIES
He is in a war with America.
That is a great way to put it! He is in a war with America. We can’t have a President in the WH that wants to fight his own country. #freetheUS #staywoke #wakeupamerica
Heaven forbid I point this out. Sorry for my sarcasm, been dealing with crap for a while now.
David, those of us who tend to be centrists, are among those who catch the most flak, since it comes from both left and right. Stay positive, keep fighting the good fight; the truth will win out.
I lost it when he promised farmers could get their 'illegals'.
TRUMP: "And for the farmers, okay, it is going to get good. And we're going to let your guest workers come in. We're going to have strong borders, but we have to have your workers come in." 
I’m so embarrassed to be an old white American right about now. He’s worse than any drunk uncle EVER!
I’m embarrassed by all those cheering magamorons. These people are our neighbors 
That’s what idiots do. It’s sad to see a President act this way. He simply never takes a day off from being stupid.
Being stupid while ending the war in North and South Korea
He did nothing on that front. That was between the Koreas. Not Trump.
Trump is never up to anything presidential. "The Apprentice" had the right idea. Just close shots with soundbites, while he's surrounded by his vampire children in a faux boardroom. Trump's acting is straight from Reality TV, only there's no script & he's always on the wrong set.
TRUMP IS TURNING ORANGE. 

TRUMP IS ORANGE. 

ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK. 

You do the math. 

Trump we want NO WALL. 
WE WANT GUN CONTROL. 
WE WANT EQUITY. 
WE WANT LOVE. 
Thank u. 
I feel for his dementia-like behaviors, but they're no excuse for the prick he is. Even if it gets worse, he's still a monster who should be impeached.
Dementia, no, he doesn't have it. What you see is full in hate. His entire personality is wrapped in hate! There isn't a kind, sympathetic, equality bone in his body. He's a sociopath, tho, and has always been,.
And we're going to allow this moron to meet The Queen? It's a truly abhorrent thought.
Close down the country? WTF does that even mean?
Just put the closed sign in the window.
Every day I wake up and ask my husband, how is he still the P? I can’t actually type the entire word when referring to him.
It's like when you know you're dreaming and it's a BAD dream, but you can't wake up and every moment gets worse and worse.
It is sad... That was the feeling everybody in America woke up when we found out he won. I believe the Universe/God sees everything. God takes his time but he is acting even when we don’t see it. Sit and enjoy, you will be seeing justice soon! :) #FreetheUS
I know they say he doesn’t drink but...
How do you close down a country? Tell people they can’t go to work?
Couldn’t have said it better myself. I know toddlers who have more self control, who throw less tantrums and who are more articulate than this thing.
Close it down? It’s a country... not a Radio Shack 
I guess he better call Mexico and ask for that money, then.
You notice he has to say many things twice or more? And I mean RIGHT AFTER the first time. Ex.: “I think it’s going to work out. I think it’s going to work out.” What is up with that? Trying to convince himself? #Impeachment
This is frightening
You’re cancer
Every. Damn. Day!
This is what happens when someone with the mentality of a spoiled toddler is running a country.
Hmmm, universal health care, equal rights, gun reform, better military health systems, preventing sex trafficking.... no, let’s spend a couple billion on some bricks. No one knows how to fly a plane anymore.

Yet you and the hubby are legitimatizing one of his token buddies. 
Do not his supporters find it bizarre that he promises the same things he promised 3 years ago? His promises were crazy and that is why he wasn't able to keep them......and he won't be able to this time either.
It is like having Pennywise in the White House.
It's sickening ....
He’s winning, I’ve never heard a presidential word come out of his cats bum mouth
He’s gonna close the country huh 
Also...notice the same token black guy as the last ego stroke rally
Fighting, is Trump's comfort zone.
I heard that, he's uncomfortable around peace.
Trump, is all about conflict.
We see that...day after day.
Look, at the partisan fighting on both sides.
It's brutal & getting worse.
Cultural warfare.
#America 

@johnlegend
Trump, discovered early on...to use racism & culture differences, to divide people & KEEP them divided.
Obama Birther conspiracy.
Mexicans & crime.
Muslims & terrorism.
NFL players.
Black rap artists.
Cultural.
Divide & Conqueror.

@chancetherapper @common
@KrisJenner
What Trump is doing to our country...culturally... will have LONG TERM effects on country for a while.
Long after Trump, leaves office...his policies & divisions, will STILL be felt.
That BASE of Trump's...
A PROBLEM!
#Decades #America 
#Politics #Future #Culture
"If we don't get the wall, will close down the country."  Waiting for a public total meltdown tantrum. What is he going to do? 
Lock himself in his room with a case of diet coke? 

#Resist
#Volunteer
#Vote
#RegisterNewVoters
#GiveRidesToThePolls
Ugh I’m just so tired. I miss the days of not really needing to know what was going on in the administration
Funny cuz this was a really good speech. Talked about jobs and de nuking N Korea. But I’m sure you didn’t listen. John needs to take your cell phone away. You’re not so good at Twitter.
#fakepresident 
Put your finger down, we all know its been up many mens assholes @realDonaldTrump
The man just gets things done! So happy he is our president!
Shut down the whole country?  Would that be all workers in the US?  He’s not afraid of losing any money for Trump Industry because it’s all foreign investors.
Being Michigan, easily a good 2/3rd of the people there immediately thought, "Canada? Why close the border to Canada?"
@kylegriffin1 Frankly, closing down the country at this point might be an improvement.
It's revenge. If he can't get what he wants, the narcissist sociopath is going to make goddammed sure that no one can enjoy the blessings of liberty.
Look at all of those brainwashed sheep. Wow.
he is doing so much to divide the country, it's sad -_-
He’s so stupid!
Doesn’t he realize that only Mark Zuckerberg, Tim Cook, and like one other person can shut down the country because he ain’t shit
It’s the playground equivalent of “I’m take my ball and going home.”
Whatever Trump! Close down the country if you don’t get funding? You said Mexico was going to pay for it and that ‘believe me’ you are greatest negotiator ever .... we’ll get to negotiating ...
He’s at war with his spray tan and tanning bed too for sure
Constant buffoonery=Trump
Can’t he do something really radical like jump in a vat of acid?  That would do it for me.
Remember this when midterm comes around
He is an epic asshat
If he waits until November, he will get a real treat :) Personally I think he should have three walls... and a side of steel bars to round it all off. Prison suits him.
#ImpeachTrump
Is he trying to turn the border wall into a  Reichstag Fire?
How do you close down a country??  
There are two million votes in Michigan. 30,000 are there. Several are not even from Michigan. We are getting the vote out in Detroit. We as Women of color will be out in full force to vote him out. Do not let this discourage you guys. We won’t let POC suffer anymore
Everyday I still cannot believe this man is Pres
He's insane....
Finally. He’s winning at something:
Correspondent's dinner tonight and he doesn't fit in.....
Like Kanye.....
It appears you have trouble with comprehension, not to worry, you will soon and so will everybody else, Oh Dear.
Sad bigly sad
He’s actually getting a lot done. He’s not a perfect. Human. Are you ??
He’s so full of it.. he couldn’t hold the travel band. How can he close a country..  only Donny can come up with stupid things.. impeachment is on his mind tho... yup. He already see it coming.
Yes a month and a bit out from the midterms Congress is going to do something on the wall. He needs look at a hist....somebody needs to look at a history book and show him what gets done that close to an election.
Whatcha hiding???
But hand gestures!
Let him "close" it two months before the midterms.
He’s just playing “let’s see how long k keep getting paid while fucking up on the job until someone fires me”
What a thug! So unpresidential! What an embarrassment
It would totally suck if he closed America. Not sure what I'd do in the Fall. Hopefully @Seamless will still deliver.
It's not really a war when incoherence wins every single time....
He is bat shit crazy.
Why are liberals such Twattwaffles?
The fact that they’re cheering him after that makes me wonder if they’re actually daft or mentally challenged.
Kanye probably told him it was cool
You're so eloquent. Can you talk some sense into Kanye?
He’s a dictator...
Remember this when they shut down the gov and try to blame the troops not getting paid on Dems again
At least President Trump has done more in the year in office he’s been in than Obamination could do in a life time.
I’m sorry but who are the people who attend these BS rallies AND agrees with him?  I can’t comprehend.  I have to shut it if cause the blood pressure goes nuts!
You’re literally the same person lol
Are you attacking the queen ?
Are you the one retweeting all her stuff? I was wondering whyyyy I always have to see her stuff she is crazy 
I only retweeted this tweet , other than that not really
Uyyyyyy I am so close to muting her

She means "because" I make too much sense. LMAO 
Where the fuck is he getting the 1.6 billion
@kylegriffin1 since when do current world leaders have "rallies"?!
Sounds like a dull joke last night’s host, what’s her name, may have told
Some could say u r constantly in a war with some other person for no reason lashing out at them most likely in my opinion because of jealousy I just find it kind of funny you calling the kettle black starting shit w ppl 4 no reason
...like that LP that keeps skipping...even after you clean it off with rubbing alcohol...
This amazing president we have :)
Isn’t he the same person who said Mexico was going to pay for it? And now the whole country might suffer because he said something he knew wasn’t true in the 1st place? 
he's holding his breath, banging his head on his desk and stamping his feet until he gets his way.
He releases every brain fart he has
He should’ve voiced boss baby
Then he's going to blame the Democrats again
Lol why dont he threaten to quit!?
TALK TO YE ABOUT THIS
That Orange Clown ASS will say anything
Also why the hell is he still doing rallies?
The fact that people cheer over the idea of shutting down the country is both embarrassing and unsettling.
Christy Teigen would know presidential if it gave her more plastic surgery
I am not going to provide you a means to troll.  If this is how you plan on comporting yourself I will block you.
Every single god damn day
First he was bragging about all the jobs that are being created, then he started talking about “guest workers.”  WTF is that about? You mean, slaves?
Did I miss the part where he’s financially benefitting from that wall? Because he sure pushes the damn thing like nothing else.
Jesus, he is crazy frfr !!!
Does this mean like I don’t have to go work ooorr…?
What color is he turning into??? @chrissyteigen  

#pantone #trump #trumpisorange 

@pantone can you tell us?
The only thing 45 can close is his big mouth !!!
He can also close down the war in North and South Korea
@realDonaldTrump DO IT, I DARE YOU! SHUT IT DOWN!
We need borders that are enforced.  Housing prices are unbearable to common people.
He’s racist, uncouth, lying 
He can’t possibly do this...
Just a reminder—he has funding for the wall in a spending bill, but didn’t want to budge on DACA. In reality, he wants the wall to be a campaign slogan for 2020. He knows he can’t get it done, but will blame democrats for it anyway.
Then he will scream that dems hate the military because of the gov shutdown. Even though he manufactured the conflict. Like DACA
Obama sucks!
Next he will claim he can change water into wine...
It’s like he is in a constant war with “someone else” because all he has to offer is an enemy.
How can they vote?  You have to become a naturalized citizen to vote. What is he taking about?
