Waits patiently.

If this was in Brentwood or West side ish i know exactly who you’re talking about they do this every day
But also this is them, if not they should def all hang 

Claire, what is this gif? I am disturbed 
It's my fav. Theres a whole series.
It’s perplexing, yet fascinating all at he same time. I feel like I need to add these into my gif rotation lol.

Enjoy! love you ᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌             ᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌
᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌
᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌
᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌
https://keylife.us/wp/lp/cards?christine … ᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌             ᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌
᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌
᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌

One time I was eating a banana and pulled up next to a guy who was also eating a banana. I did the “cheers” gesture with the banana and he just looked at me then drove off
Chrissy driving back and taking pictures...
Pics or it didn’t happen
I saw a guy with the biggest cowboy hat working construction the other day.
But also this is against code. which leads me to ask the question...is he wearing this item OVER his hard hat?
this is why you are the twitter queen

Take the bananas from them so you have enough for the next time you make banana bread


That’s just Michael and George Michael Bluth eating their frozen bananas
omg you’re going back to take a pic lmao

This was my first thought too 
 was honestly waiting on the photo and it being them ahaha
In all seriousness it could well have been them!!! 
100% believe it was ahaha

I really needed to see a cat in a monkey suit. I am grateful.
Tuesday I saw a woman pulling a radio flyer red wagon stacked to her height( over 5 feet) with those waxed cardboard boxes the grocery store gets produce in, of bananas. Just crossing the street with like 1000 crated bananas in a child’s wagon. #bananagins
Pffft. That’s nothing. In San Francisco, they’d be wearing furry monkey costumes. And that’s just a normal Sunday 

Chrissy always has our back
I’d rather see two bananas eating people

When I was in Paris, I saw two ladies who looked alike with the same breed of dog walking on opposite sides of the streets from each other. It felt like the twilight zone
CHRISSY! Where's the picture?!?
Yas. Bring us the live report Chrissy

omg hurry up
Thanks for going back America needs a double banana relief right now. Hurry!
In my hometown (Erie,PA) there is a male couple who have been together for many years. They wear identical clothing every day and get everywhere on a tandem bicycle. People love seeing them around town.
Simulation ??? @shannonedgar_
A GLITCH PERHAPS???!!!?
I saw this...
Narrator voice: Chrissy Teigan was not heard from again. Those who went looking for her found nothing but three identically dressed people eating bananas on the corner.

Relatable. My friend turned around to drive by a puppy and a rubber snake again three times. Obviously
Is Trump still pres there? if not, then it is not bizzaro world.
Both bananas were yellow too ? What a coincidence !

She saw us
Livestream?
You getting the perfect angle to snap a pic whilst in the matrix
There is a gay couple performing artists performing art in tandem for about my entire life. They match everyday and ride a tandem bicycle i feel like you need to research this.
Still looking for this pic
@Ciara_H0ward can’t believe she saw us
Kind of like the funeral procession I saw yesterday; the family had the coffin in a horse drawn carriage that looked like it belonged to Cinderella.
i read this as "two people dressed as identical bananas" and i was like WOW THAT IS SHOCKING 
Glitch in the Matrix. May be a computer virus.
For some reason I picture them wearing stripes
A glitch in the matrix.


Sounds like a good time to split!

Omg I can’t wait! LOL
Possibly a glitch in the matrix

I was just about to go all cujo on some free speech hypocrites, then i saw this.  You saved me from myself 
Chrissy on a mission!

What if there's just one when you get there?
the world is truly an unbelievable place to live in
Ha reminds me of the time i saw a guy driving down the road with a banana peel hanging out of his window..
I always wondered "What do I do with the banana peel when driving?" This guy has that all figured out. 
Were you in Brentwood? Because if so, I have news of some matching athletic twins for you.

Like together or on opposite corners or

Wow thats Bananas!
Pic???
It’s that kinda weird, normal day!

Tap..Tap..Tap.  Holding my breath..

Pics or it didn't happen.
I think they were headed to the produce section for some bananas.

It's a glitch in the Matrix!
glitch in the matrix
Pics or it didn’t happen
like two months ago I saw a man dressed as a giant inflatable baby walking around. So I turned around to snap it and ol boy had changed clothes.
Pics or it didn’t happen
U sure wasn’t a mirror
Pics or it didn’t happen 
Was it the corner of 1st and 1st?
Chrissy is like our mama and we are her kids in a van 
There's a glitch in the matrix
You’re tweeting and driving? Shame shame
Glitch in the matrix. Careful, they may have changed something.

Picture?
I’m thinking they ran a race dressed in costume and are enjoying post-race bananas...

I lived in a neighborhood that had 65 year old twins (ladies) WHO still dressed alike! Why would you want to do that after all these years!!???? 
Well, ain't the world a wacky place
Omg @chrissyteigen this made me LOL really hard. 
There’s a glitch in the matrix
Food as performance art?
It’s a glitch in the Matrix. Call Neo.

Ask them if they have any super ripe brown ones for some banana bread
#truelove #potassiumislife
Where's the pic!??
@Garrett_Watts @shanedawson was that u guys?
You have a lot of incidents involving  bananas.
@kellyoxford Matrix @LawyerLadyNC
Must be a glitch in the matrix
It’s the matrix
were they the bananas in pyjamas

I love your tweets, they make me smile 
check r/glitch_in_the_matrix !!!!
The Matrix is glitching.
Lol see that ALOT in #OC
Don’t get a ticket (like any cop would dare), but hurry up!
K ... we’re waiting Christine.  
Lol please take a pic
@EthanDolan @GraysonDolan "There was a sasquooch in those woods and I was showing him my Pokemon  collection"
Adults? Oh boy....
People-eating bananas would be more impressive.
I saw that a neighbor had placed a  three foot plastic Jesus statue next to the trash bin on trash pickup day this week, I thought about driving around the block to save Jesus from a trip to the dump. But  decided not to interfere with my neighbors relationship with Jesus.
Doesn’t take much huh chrissy
We saw a guy in Charleston eating one on a corner too. Maybe we missed something?
People are legit acting like they in the jungle . No joke.
Full moon - gonna be a good day
Gosh, they weren't bringin bananas to you were they. That was sooo last year, hahahaha
That made chuckle because I can see you driving around the corner hoping you get back there before they finish the bananas because it won't be as funny
You’ve found te glitch in the matrix
I got nothing else to do today. <waits>
Please never change. You are a bright spot in the wild ride that is Twitter. 
Hurry!
Lay off the sauce lady ;)
Glitch in the matrix!
Yoooo #IGLiveThat

what a time to be alive
No. First stop and buy the same outfit and some bananas. Join them..
anxiously waiting. I’ve dropped everything for this
Was this at the same place the road intersect with itself? I think you drove in a loop 
DONT MAGIC MUSHROOM AND DRIVE GIRLLLLL kidding! We know you pregnant 
Whaaaaaaat 
Even in an attempt to be funny...your still showing your intolerance for any other way of life or view. Yet you liberal hacks pretend to be so inclusive. You think those bananas give a shit what you think? Lol..
Lemme see sis
Pics or it didn’t happen
You’re on San Vicente I’m guessing.
#glitchinthematrix
Leave them alone
I just passed a guy casually pushing his baby stroller while riding a hover board. I thought I had to turn around for that but this is much better.
omg you must’ve seen Jedward


Pics pls
Your tweets gives me life.
Gotta see it to believe it
Were they identical like twins wearing identical clothes, or just people who don't look like each other except for the clothes? I'm curious about this lol

They want you o make banana bread covered in chocolate and vanilla syrup.
it’s a glitch in the matrix
That's funny
Glitch in the matrix? 
@EthanDolan @GraysonDolan what are you guys up to now?!?
Yaaaasss!! BRING IT!!
If we don’t actually get a picture of this I’m going to be sad
Did you pop a molly or something?
Was it
My Donkey Kong speed running skillz may be lacking but my speed banana throwing is on point! Latest Nintendo Minute is live!! https://youtu.be/dPc7vQRoZ9s  @kitosan 
pics or it didn’t happen
Glitch in the matrix. Hmmm, maybe Kanye was offered a chance to be reconnected?
Rofl omg
Yes Queen
waiting patiently
b-a-n-a-n-a-s
Ahahaha
yessssssss I wanna see
Get a pic!
The other day I saw a guy sitting on the busy subway stairs drinking milk out of a box while everyone was trying to walk up around him.
Chrissy it’s a glitch in the Matrix don’t go back to that you have to get out
Idea for new street vendors looking to fill a niche
Were the bananas identical?
Pics
Its just MJ toying with the infinity gaunlet in the afterlife
Ripple in the matrix...
Glitch in the matrix
I was at the bank in the middle of winter here in Indiana and seen a man riding a unicycle down the damn street. He is now my spirit animal.

i love u 
I’m dying right now! I need to be friends with you - you crack me up! 
I was once on a train and saw 3 guys dressed as bananas. They did it because their friend hated bananas. A bit over the top but memorable

STOP TWEETING AND DRIVING!!!
STREAM IT!
love it lets see
We do currently live in Tumplandia. 
Were they Minions? You Minions love them some bananas! And their known to dress alike!! #couldbeminions
**know**
Glitch in the matrix.
queen i need this
It'll be weirder later this aft when you see number three.
Minions?
Lmao
I'm waiting
Omg yes pics or it didn’t happen
If you’re gonna making them insta-famous, at least do it selfie style so they know they’re about to go viral.
Yessss!!!  Pic!!!!!
The simulation's playing up
Are you in Portland (Oregon)? Because here, that's just what we call Sunday Morning.
