you really snapped
Been there and no worries .. #ThePregnantWomanIsAlwaysRight
That second pregnancy rage is real! Ask anyone in my family!!!
Lmao 

It's okay .
why is your babby so mean
No you just showed your true nasty nature. 
Thats the beauty of the ripple effect of Trump!
All the make up stays on, the plastic comes out and there is your true self shining like...well you probably dont know what I think you shine like.
Over a food trend what? Chrissy is great and no plastic
I think you are an Instacart customer. This is happening.  Instacart knowingly puts their shoppers in harms way.
so true I am 7 months and these damn  HORMONES got me crazy xoxo
She is probably just nervous about the delivery  sorry chrissy, i know no words gonna make your nervousness go away... hugssss
The only thing inside a thing I’d love to start trending is a soup dumpling inside a soup dumpling. Xiao long bao Inception.
it's not delivery it's digiornos
The Legend just jumped out of you @chrissyteigen 
i feel like you’ve been pregnant for 12 years
Is the baby on Twitter yet?
U can litraly use that excuse until they are 20, I wasn't me, lack of sleep from the baby, it wasn't me I have a toddler, I didn't mean it I'm stressed from the teens....U get it right? Actually kids are worth the investment!
Nah, I feel the same way and I'm not preggers.
Sounds like your having your #Baby #takecare
No it’s you
You weren't lying though. Things inside of things needs to stop and we don't need anymore three minute videos about their ingenuity.
Kids these days.
Hope these tweets continue after the baby 
okay but you’ve been pregnant for 3 years now
I took two semesters of college biology. So, the professor said something that really stuck with me: “Hormones are the most powerful natural behavioral modifiers in the human body”. When a woman is pregnant, everything is in overdrive. Hang in there. 

We need to think of a new one for when the baby’s here...
I love this baby already.
Snap crap! Your pregnant, rock on Christy. It makes me laugh. I haven't met a bad ass yet that doesn't get a little testy when expecting!
Kids ruin everything.
LOL. My sister is one of the gentlest, kindest people you’ll ever meet... except when she was pregnant.  Hang in there xxoo
Oh dear. It seems like you've been pregnant for at least eleventeen months 
I'm blaim my moodiness on my possible pituitary tumor. Or I tell people that's why I'm moody
I imagined you just like this
I’m not pregnant and I go off like that. Can’t we just own it? It was legitimate stupid shit.
Time to go nest.
Maybe back up on ur descrptive shit , but congrats to u and john on the baby
You don’t have to apologize for shit. Growing a human is enough to make any of us snap.
Damn babies
Don't apologize! I need a baby to blame my outbursts on 
Lmao!
Look at it this way.. What if the person that created that burrito had 5 baby's? And is barely breaking even to feed them right now.
You are so adorable. I hope you feel better.
Enough was enough, girl. Ya did ya thang . #letthesefolksknow
That's ok, that so-called food made me wanna snap too.
Been there

It gets worse for me after baby. I ordered a salad tonight and they didn’t cut the chicken, lettuce or tomatoes. If I wanted to make a salad I would have stayed at home  #PPrage
Omg I’m using this next time I piss my husband off  “it wasn’t me it was your child, I told you she has your attitude”
when r u giving birth sis
Everyone has a bad day, from time to time.  We love you all, anyway.
it's okay the baby gets a pass
If I’m not pregnant can I still use this excuse? Asking for a friend
I remember when....
Second kids are always the worst. It's a proven fact.
But you are so right though 
@BuzzFeed did you catch that clap back?? Jk jk
** Warning, that will NOT stand as a defence in a court of law. 
I know I’m sorry it’s not me it’s the baby https://twitter.com/brujacita/status/988986061052432384 …
Blah! #33Weeks me and my little spawn have been having conversations today about punching people from the inside. (And by people, I mean me)
Me wanting to tweet a sarcastic funny comment to you, but afraid you’ll snap at me
dont apologize. they ask your opinion, you give it. besides, you are spot on.
Rage baby must speak. It’s okay.
don't be sorry, you're right
You are a crazy bitch... hormones... not Chrissy... but hormones.... fuck em.
Reminds of when pheobe on charmed was pregnant and that baby made her mean lol
Frickin love that show
Me too I've lost count of how many times I have watched it
On a scale from 1-10 how bad do u need this baby out right now
Don’t be sorry
Don't apologize. You are pre forgiven.
I appreciate your quirky "non "curated" humor. Thank you!
That baby savage
Waiting for the article “YOU WONT BELIEVE THE CLAPBACK OF @chrissyteigen ‘s UNBORN BABY”
I just fainted!!!!!!!!!
I didn’t fully snap until delivery. 
Seems like you been pregnant for a decade! When are you due?
You trying to get snapped on...
Lol I love her. It’s jokes
The baby is already a legend
Same. Except by baby I mean menopause.
It's all okay until someone says you Snapped, capital "s."
i always forget that you’re pregnant then you talk about it and i get so excited
You are so intelligent said no one ever to @chrissyteigen  
I have maid mistakes. I just don't know how long I can resist the torture for before I snap and when I snap it gets ugly
As of right now, the new cross is still up.
Pssht. You’re good.
I feel bad for the Meteorologist
Feeling some type of way Chrissie? It’s perfectly understandable. Also, you get a free pass sometimes for bad behaviors while pregnant. Just try not to kill anyone. 

Don’t apologize.
Also, your dog DID just die. We all lash out when we're grieving sometimes
I feel you and I’m not even pregnant
*the baby snapped

I’ve been blaming the baby for years now, he’ll be 8 pretty soon. ;)
LMAO OMG
lol weren’t you talking about the other acc though ? not chrissy? dnnfn
yes but.. what’s done is done
that’s amazing though . wow your impact
to be fair, i almost threw up just looking at it lol
You're entitled.
Don’t blame the baby, we all know that’s how you really feel 
Been there.
u should name him Donald
I feel ya girl!
