@chrissyteigen can you help me? @Nordstrom sent me this used item when I ordered a @gucci belt and they’re not helping me  
okay but i call bullshit because nordstrom has THE best return policy
....and because Nordstrom doesn’t sell that belt. That color combo is men’s only.
girl we're on the case
I think it’s because she’s trying to get it replaced but apparently it’s sold out  my question is why not return it and buy it elsewhere. Her tweets, demands, and complaints about Nordstrom are excessive. They OBVIOUSLY cannot help if the item is no longer available
I had no idea you had *another* career as a customer service agent for Nordstrom.  Girl better be making overtime!
LOL she was low key trying to get Chrissy to buy her a new one! #youtriedit
lol nordstrom will take back anything. they’re well known for their generous return policy. if they’re not helping this girl, either she hasn’t tried returning it or she’s running a scam. like, where’s the tags, binch
Lol “binch” ..is that censored 
What a "glass half full" kinda response
we love an optimist
How is @chrissyteigen supposed to help in this situation? I’m confused. Does she work for @Nordstrom and I didn’t know? Lol
Every time I see this, I cant help thinking it’s a Cover Girl belt. 
I didn’t know you worked customer service for Nordstrom
Shit, I’ll take it, send it here.
Not really impressed, considering right now I’m wearing a black braided belt and am in need of private security to keep the ladies at bay.
Beef O'Brady's? I see you, sweet @Oakley shades.
Well, the wraparound sunglasses I’m wearing indoors right now are technically “Oatleys,” which I also sell. But you didn’t hear that from me if the cops ask.
You damn legend.
Lmbo, probably because she’s trying to send them back her used one while keeping the new one and trying to get her money back. 
Nordstrom takes back everything. Literally. It’s been in their mission statement since day one. I once read about them taking back tires and they don’t sell tires.
Lawn mower
Wow yes. I just went shopping at Nordstrom the other day and got the cutest blouse and my cashiers’ name was Riley and that’s my dogs’ name AND I second that they have the best return policy so miss miss is lying
I love that she always responds to the most RIDICULOUS twits 
I think she got this from Nordstrom Rack. There's a difference!
Nope!  Rack takes back anything too.  I call BS on this whole thing.
Haha!!  What nerve to even ask!!
But yeah that looks sick. I would want that even if it was used
Gucci belts or die
Gucci Gang
@kashhh  @stengerdc
@clownyewest So the fact that Chrissy's busy bringing another person into the world right now isn't enough for you? You're hoping her womb also has a Gucci counter?
I’m confused as to why she is turning to you lol. Didn’t know you worked for Nordstrom
Seriously, my puppy gnawed the collar of my Nicole Miller leather jacket and they fixed it to good as new for no charge. I’m calling BS on this.
I hope this girl is ok
i love how everyone goes to chrissy for any issue with anyone like she owns them or something. like the guy tryna get on blues clues and now this.
I’ve never known so much privilege until I scrolled through Gucci Belt Girl’s tweets to Nordstrom.
Nordstrom has the best customer service out there so this must be a scam. 

Also #FirstWorldProblems
Ha! Totally what Dave Hollins said earlier.
Is this seriously the shit people tweet you about?! 
@clownyewest Try contacting @Nordstrom again. Customer service will assist you better than @chrissyteigen can! Lawd... Poor Chrissy...

but* did she pay full price? OOoo girl i hope not. wait nordstrom’s sells used shit? oh uh uh. see i don’t know this rich ppl stuff
Nordstrom returns anything. Take it back
@TalkThirty how many do you have?

So at least 3.
Um... https://www.gucci.com/us/en/pr/women/womens-accessories/womens-belts/leather-belt-with-double-g-buckle-p-409417AP00T1000?position=9&listName=PGUS4Cols&categoryPath=Women/Womens-Accessories/Womens-Belts … (Not sold out)
She bought it from Nordstrom not Gucci directly.
Right. She can return the damaged one to Nordstrom, and use the refund to buy it directly from Gucci. Nordstrom will give her a full refund. Shipping is free both ways.
@mdaless01 lol what’s up with the Gucci belt probs lately?
I really don’t think @chrissyteigen is buying her Gucci belt off amazon that was my first problem #BrokeCollegeStudent
Nah, this girl ordered a Gucci belt from Nordstrom and they sent her a used one 
Haha oh I read that wrong..dang, Nordstrom is THE PLACE to go. They can’t be letting people down like that!
Bless it. Can’t trust nobody these days
@KuliSB
I’ll take this belt wth. That’s more than I make in a week
They used it for a good whooping before they shipped it out..
Ill take it. 
Lmao
That person is not healthy.
Thanks for help :)))
I don’t buy it
I didn't know @chrissyteigen worked for @Nordstrom now.
Ikr!!!
Looks awesome
why is she tweeting you nsjsjwjjdjwj
Agreed! Take it and run!
Does she not know that’s the Original Gucci Gang belt??
You can send it to me.
People are dying
Get it Gucci Girl
Okurrr
lmaoo
You look beautiful as usual
or send it to me!!!
Pls rt so my cat can get help 
I always have a GREAT experience with Nordstrom customer service! How odd is this. Also, is Chrissy a shopping helper or something?
see @GAP don’t play with ppl like that
it did she pay full price?
Or dispute it 
Hi, I’ll take it 
Oooh sell it to @GalGadot !!
I have my Mom’s Gucci suede flats from the ‘60’s. Pretend that shit is old.
@BarstoolRia
You’ll have to show us when you wear it, so we cheer the wonderfulness of it!
I don’t get it.
right, Gucci is couture. the price only go up.
Limousine liberals
Nice
Omg
It's beautiful
