So who was it? 
What did you type for this gif
"ohy my"
So.... share de list
Well to be fair, you did know his last name was “Legend.”
Will you please do stand-up comedy.
It's "correspondents".
YOU'RE CORRESPONDENTS
I rewatched some of the WHCDs & just realized you were at a bunch of them.  Which one was your favorite and why?
The first one I saw you & John at was the 2011 one with Seth Meyers. Btw you also made me super sad cause I rewatched the President Obama segments & was reminded how nice it was to have a funny, intelligent, charismatic, caring leader then be reminded of how things are today 
did you... use... the word.... boned... in real life?
me or chrissy? I only say "intercourse." In a British accent of course, because it's classier.

I applaud your beautiful use of this gif...hands down my top 2 fave moments from brooklyn nine nine
Might be the hardest I laughed at a tv show in a long time.

what was his answer? I won't tell anyone I promise.
Flo from the Progressive ads
Flo has got them curves!


Ok so did he tell you? U can tell me gurl I won't tell anyone lol

Well??????
@chrissyteigen if he boned Ruth Bader Ginsburg then don’t reply to this tweet.
Please God NOOOOOOO! 
The silence is deafening.
Every time I see an @chrissyteigen tweet
I’m really upset because I have never been able to find out what show this gif is from.
his name is ”spoken reasons.” He's a youtuber. You can find the gif source here around 1:44:
THANK YOU SO MUCH
Lol
Sometimes I ask my boyfriend what famous ppl he’s boned and he says “nobody” and I’m like, “same” and we’re both lame.
Really, you thought that trash talk was funny. It was not.
I bet it was easier to sit through his show than his answer.
Chrissy what famous people have YOU boned, though, and is your number bigger than John’s? I’m not sure but I THINK that’s how you win
well who did he bone
sorry who are you again?

Correspondence Dinner? They're not exchanging letters...it's the Correspondents' Dinner! 
why r u so bothered
You're bothered enough to respond to something not directed at you...I'm just spreading my wisdom 
Are you a bot
rookie mistake asking that 2nd question!!
What was his answer
Asking a spouse who they have been with before you is a crowded minefield, with you blindfolded and wearing snowshoes.
Lol
I’m in love with you please be my bff please pretty please (sexy bff cat eye)
Never ask about who they boned in the past.  You will *never* like their answer.
I've boned a few famous people. Certainly didn't make it any better!
I love you
Lol love you
He didn't mention me did he.  Figures.
This is juicier than who bit Beyonce.
WAIT?! Who did bite Beyonce??

Call me crazy, but isn’t it “Correspondents” Dinner???
With all those correspondents there probably IS a lot of correspondence
Well now you have to share the list with us.
You guys are great . Live how real you keep it.
spill the tea sis
Tell us which ones , Sis
So...which ones....?
Because you are power hungry. You see your chance at power through propping up the liberal agenda while cozying up with those crooked politicians. Worked well with Hillary. LOL.
What famous people has he boned though? Don't let him off that easy!
You might be right on that last one.
So what was his answer???
#johnlegend stopped boning anyone important, the moment he got in your pants. in any case John's list is a lot shorter than @realDonaldTrump #hesourpresident
God I hope he didn’t say Marlon Brando
Now I’m mad at my husband, too. Solidarity.
I can’t wait for a petty “John wouldn’t rub my feet but I bet he’d rub [insert famous person]’s feet” tweet
Good to know you approve of the bully who lit up @SarahHuckabee
Sarah works and defends a bully
Is that any excuse?
Stop being a  @skulborg21
Good one 
That’s the spirit
Literally just spit my water out @chrissyteigen at this tweet!  I see absolutely nothing wrong with asking lol 
What famous people have you boned to get to the top?
Ignorant true.. But she wasn’t that big of a deal to begin with. After she was seen in the spotlight with John Legend, Chrissy is seen on Ellen and answering questions for Vogue. Coincidence? Nope...
Thank you @Danothebaldyhed for that evidence to back up my statement.. Lana Del Rey admitted it in a song. What you gotta say about that @CherylMartel3  ???
Further more, I’m not saying all women have done it, but most of them have. And it’s a fact. You’ll hear that from hip hop artists and rock musicians as well.
Don't feed the trolls...
I’m really enjoying late-pregnancy Chrissy Teigen even more than regular Chrissy Teigen.
Michelle Wolf destroyed nothing except the lefts BS platform claiming to empower women, verbally smearing an empowered woman bc her politics vary from her own doesn’t seem to fit that whole respect women thing they keep yapping about. Proving #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Omg, can you host next year? 
You are a hoot. 
I bet it was JonBenet Ramsey

You are a riot!
Oh we want to know
You have no filter and I love it!
Don’t ask don’t tell
Just be so thankful that you don’t have Trump’s junk memorized, like some apparently do.
So who did John boned that’s famous before you?
The answer to your second question to John, please.
Girl, no good EVER comes from asking "who" or "how many" regarding their past.
Somehow this does not surprise me. Two vulgar, racist, disrespectful people like you & your husband would enjoy someone like Michelle Wolf.

Well. Who were they?
John has boned the Correspondents’ Dinner?
Because then he asked you the same question and he was pissed at the long list?
Oh myyyy!!! Lol
I don’t know which of these comments I like more

I don't think the question was stupid. You need to know in case you run in the same circles.
You are sooo freakin cute, and your relationship is so real, you can tell by the way he looks at you, there is no one else that can make him that happy.

OMG  you slay me! #nofilter hahaha
You always crack me up 
 ur highhhh-larious!!!!

This girl. I can never decide who's the luckier one in that relationship. 
Chrissy you up to hosting the dinner next year?
You are hysterical
Brilliant 
@__shelbs___ 
Nobody “bones” anyone anymore. Get with the times.
Sorry but I cant blame him for getting upset with you it was a stupid question and yes he planned a night for you and him I side with him.
To each their own but I’ve never seen a bigger gathering of self important gas bags aside from the oscars regardless of who’s president.    And yeah The Who have you been with question rarely goes over well even for the non famous.
Will you be my best friend?????
Ok so who is it tho
This is the best tweet of all time
Girl you're crazy and i love it!
I just love you!! 
Seems like everyone that went there last night dont know how to work. They all sitting at tables eating off our money.Think they realized they were the punch being served last night?
@ravynrowlett I love everything she encompasses

The correct answer to any for of question #2 is “You.” Every s/o should know that.
And??
IS THAT HOW YOU TALK? TRASHY
Chrissy you really are a Legend!!!
So..... who was it?  jk I don’t care y’all are perfect & I love you
Dish!
Well spill. Who all has he?!?
LMAO!
Well now I want to know his answer
You're such a lady...NOT!
His response:

Sooo, did you get any answers to the last question?
Just for interest sake Chrissy, what did John say that was sooooo upsetting? 
Lol you are just the funniest woman alive, really!
Really?
You're the best!
Was the fight because he told you or because he didn’t?
You're so adorable, Chrissy!! 
Me: Chrissy is tweeting.....
Also me:

So which famous people has he boned
So u gonna tell us who

”Boned” - you for one!
lol 
Your my fucking spirit animal!  
Cos I would do the same shit! lol 
I wonder if you were really blunt with this question or if you just snuck it in the conversation? lol
Ok spill the beans
I fucking love you!!

Lmfao
LMAO!!! 
Why just famous people, I wonder if he has boned non-famous people, now I'm curious...
Yes but what famous people HAS he boned?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!
Lol
Are you going to tell us or...?
Why would you ask that of a man called "Johnny Legend?"
Ha! Exactly!
The only correct response: "Um, none, no one,  dear ... I was saving myself for you, of course"
@chrissyteigen keepin it real.  is why you have so many followers!
Could you tell us who he boned?
I will go with you next year, hun 
Thanks Chrissy for always making us smile
Those sound like a couple of barn burners #fightnight
Oh deAr and on a sunday
Ok, well, who were they?
Right!?!!
Did he tell you?????? I want to know too
You are so damn real and not afraid to share your feelings... love you Chrissy
My wife and I had that very same fight.
Lolol
I find that If you ask any man about their sexy-time-past, it causes fights. Haha been there! 
Wow and you’re still married, John must be a good man.
I believe the part everyone missed is Chrissy outed John Legend as 
Bi Sexual. 

Or maybe it is called Pan Sexual these days. No clue. 

Who says "People" if he only sleeps with "Women"?
2018:

Oh so painful. 

Only funny part is how Michelle Wolf only one laughing at her own jokes while guy next to her seems to be coming down with a migraine 

#WHCD
More Abortion jokes please
CT: What famous people have you boned?

JL: You like Brazilian music?
Present company counts. enjoy the "Boning Good life" .
CHRISSY WE LOVE YOU
Your very funny
How about correspondents??
Yeah you would say that. You are in the category I’m talking about. 
I think every woman has asked her man that question and it’s turned into a fight and prolly a month of no sex and lots of “I can’t believe you banged...”
You rule Twitter! Happy Sunday 
Okay but to be fair, we all would’ve asked the same question.
ew

I Fkin love you
@RyanMillersGF I’m dying at this
Omg
I just can just imagine that later fight happening to the tune of P.D.A we just don't care
Ok, but like has he boned other famous people? You can’t just show the tea and not spill it, come on now.
Likin u more and more 
I too made same error 
NOW my NFL ex 

I adore your candor and humor!!
Sometimes, I can't do you girl.
Not anymore.
You're seriously the only celebrity whose tweets I read daily. LOL
Was the answer “all of them?”
Dish!
#yourock
Did he name Francine?
You crack me up. 
Hey maybe you both boned a few of the same guys eh??
You are my favorite human on Twitter.
LMAO
Bigger than when InTorch told you that you were getting divorced?
Not surprised to hear that. This type of low class shameful hatred & vitriol is just your style.
Hahaha!! You’re hilarious Chrissy! And I love the term “boned”!! I thought I was the only one still using it! You’re THE BEST!!!
Sadistic.  Enjoying women being cruel to other women because they believe differently. Classy. Says more about you which is sad.
Wtf are you even talking about??
Probably that 3 minutes clip of Sarah Huckabe Sanders getting “roasted” by Michelle Wolf that wasn’t even funny
If you didn't think that was funny or that Sanders didn't deserve every word of it then you have no sense
Damn, I love this woman.

Has he finished the list yet?
Ha..!!!
you are the GOAT.
John:
From what I’ve seen from video last evening, i probably would have stood up and walked out.
I love you @chrissyteigen . You are awesome 
