James Comey, I hope in your "very lucrative" book deal, you cover why you protected the Clinton's for so long.
James Comey, I hope you also discuss why the entire team at Platte River Networks was given immunity, and pled the fifth.
James Comey, I hope you explain in your book why Bryan Pagliano just didn't show up to court, even though he was subpoenaed

Where is Bryan Pagliano now? He's been scarce.
James Comey, I hope you address in your book why Hillary Clinton lied directly to the face of Mike Pompeo
What law was broken?
Enjoy the freedom while it lasts. You will be in jail soon for crimes against humanity.
Nope, sorry little MAGA drone
They still think Main Stream News is real..
You think ‘Jesus is coming back’ and you think I want your opinion of what is ‘real’? LOL keep thumping and speaking in tongues buddy, maybe you are just not Trying Hard enough.
Against what, dinosaurs?  

Hey guess what the storm is indeed upon us but unfortunately for you and your cult, the wind isn’t blowing the direction you think. 
The Clinton foundation received up to $81M from clients of controversial HSBC bank when Jim Comey was on Board of Directors
Jim Comey has gone from Big Bank Executive, to Crooked Cop to Instagram Model/Author #OnlyInAmerica
Mueller's right-hand man was just exposed as a Hillary Clinton lackey. Comey, Mueller, Strzok and Weissmann will all be jailed by the time this said and done
Crickets ..waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting
Yup. Godspeed and to hell with the law. It wasn’t written for people like Hillary Clinton, or her Toady protectors.
Go shave your legs for once, nasty
I normally wouldn't go that low but since she already occupied that space I just dropped in for a visit.
Wow, what a civil servant. Don't they all get book deals?
I’m truly surprised she hasn’t snuffed the torch herself and thrown herself into the New York Harbor.
#bot #botalert #goawaybot #reported
Ok.  Thought only #bots made such comments.  Even more disturbing if not.  As is your comment and ridiculous meme.  You all move among us.  Geezus.
You decided to jump on her TL and call her a bot. I would’ve never interacted with you if you just stayed in your own lane. Now go have fun and resist with your little Resist buddies.
Nope.  Did not jump on her TL.  Go back and read.  I'm not worried about interacting with you.  But, geez using a meme to defend or debate is damn childish.  Have a good night. Oh and #resist
We protect each other, just as you do with your Resistors. #Persist. #MAGA
Have a good night.

james @comey , american principles whisperer

#ImpeachTrump
proof?
real problem. Try reading some REAL credible investigative journalism.
looking forward to reading it.
What about your ethics investigation? Are you going to be charged? Lawyer up?

Will writing be allowed in jail?
Are you going to run for office in the future? Integrity is what Washington needs.
Yeeeeeeessssss pleeeeeeeeease!!!!!!
Comey 2020
How do you sleep at night?
I'm looking forward to this book.
FLASHBACK: James Comey admitted Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI multiple times &amp; each time is a felony!
Next time I get pulled over for speeding I’ll try to use the Hillary Clinton defense and say I didn’t “intend” to speed. Sounds legit right?! 
I think I get it now. This megalomaniac is insane.
Isn’t that redundant?
A megalomaniac is "a person obsessed with their own power". Being 'obsessed' does not necessarily mean a person is insane. One might be 'obsessed' with the Mets but generally rational. Of course, being obsessed with the Mets AND expecting them to go anywhere next year IS insane.
Perhaps I should have concluded with: 
She's been getting bit dinged up lately but she is still standing
Jim, your tweets suggest borderline personality disorder with gross decompensation.  In layman's terms, you're mentally ill and only functional to the extent that you can inhabit a false reality where you're still a respected leader instead of a criminal.  #FBI #BPD #Comey
It also shows he is still trying to hide the fact he conspired with Clinton and Strzok to help her defeat Trump.
There is #THESTORM coming
Lordy, we need Leadership!
The weather may get much rougher for you in the near future. Let us hope you get the justice you deserve and #WeThePeople demand. You have disgraced federal law enforcement, but we don't blame the field agents. This was betrayal at the highest levels of government. #LockTHEMup 
Jim: you act like a patriot, but you are an evil man.. Our God knows how evil you are.. Conservatives know how evil you are. You are part of satans system, but you wouldn't know that..
Ultimately, he will stand in judgement before God. May his soul burn in hell.
well, i believe in forgiveness. He is an evil man though, part of the worlds satanicsystem
Perhaps if he was to come clean, I would consider forgiving him. I can't while he continues the deception.
clearly

true

he is a very evil man
Two national treasures. 
Love you dude but don't overplay the hand
Please run.  2020.

... Please.
I'll pre-pay for your book.
With every tweet I completely understand why Trump fired you.... you are completely insane.  Thanx for letting Hillary off the hook as well. Thank god she wasn’t elected
That weather is not rough retard
A book on how the lead by misleading?
A bit of self reflection, before the Storm!
Godspeed. 
Thank you!!!!!!
The blue squirrels are circulating 

Jean sends her regards to the lightening
It must be really sad for you and other life long Republicans in the Intel Community to see the state of Republican Party now, who before Trump were always fervently anti-Russia and pro FBI Sad indeed to see so many sheep and so few willing to just say that they made a mistake
Leadership book?  Will you and Killary be joining each other on a book signing tour? A two for one?
Who wants to read Comey’s lies
This guy was head of the fukin FBI?
Yeah maybe you should have went and saw lady liberty while you were leading the bureau because you have left it in tatters by allowing yourself to be a pawn for Obama and Lynch and Clinton.  We heard Comeys a choir boy and Boy Scout and we trusted u you should be ashamed
You're an embarrassment to the US, the FBI, W&M your book should be called "It REALLY Happened"
WHAT ???   There is going to be a BOOK?   I am so excited. Tell your publisher to hurry up. America is waiting !!!
Are you f*cking kidding?  It's appalling you are still walking as a free man.
Let me get this straight, detailing all the things that Hillary Clinton did that were criminal, which you did, and then deciding not to bring charges against her is leadership? You might want to change the subject matter of that book.
Will these be included in your book?
Can’t wait to buy it.

I respect you. I believe the @FBI is the top professional investigative agency in the world. FBI . You could be less sanctimonious. It’s detectable and a turn off to many.
Will you be doing book signings on discount book table at Costco? @Scully64 @MrSnerdley @WatchChad @JudicialWatch @Live_Free_orDie @jessebwatters
Nik nik nik 
We know about TADAQUEOUS
Should be in jail.
At least she isn't hiding behind curtains, Captain Courageous.

you sold out to clinton!!!
A very, very long time ago.
Mr Comey, is there a chapter in your book about multiple female FBI agents reporting sexual harassment charges to you? It would be a great selling point to hear why you ignored them! Still time to add it because we know you wrote all those self memos...you told us so
But they were probably just "matters."
Puke
Your "leadership book"?  Leadership?

Bwaaaahahahahahahahahaha...
J. Edgar, tosses in his grave for the politicalization and corruption you brought to the FBI.  Pity.
Betray our country and write a book to hurt us even more.. what a Comey...
WTF is wrong with you dude??  Do you really think some PR stunt will erase all of the atrocities you've committed against the American people?  We WILL have our pound of flesh & you WILL pay for your crimes against humanity you #POS.  #TheStormIsHere #FollowTheWhiteRabbit
May I suggest these chapters...

Uranium One
Mueller
TREASON
IRS Hard Drives
SOS BlackBerries
SMASHED.
FnF
Holder
Lynch
Tarmac
Huma
Weiner
Fusion GPS
Memos
LEAKERS
FISA Warrants
UNMASKING
UNSECURED server
Immunity
Mills
Bleachbit
Perjury
Awan IT
DNC server?
DNC Fraud
McCabe 700K$
Politicians come and go. #Liberty remains steadfast.
Funny to see you write the word "Liberty"; you sure took plenty in your role as a "Fake" FBI employee. You would not know leadership if it fell in your lap. #OwnedbyHillary
Good luck with your book.  Thank you
In that case, they would love my book idea: how to win friends and influence people by Charlie Manson.
@JamesComeyFBI caused much of the “rough weather” and now attempting to capitalize on his contempt for the oath he took.
All ready to cash in with a book. Not one bit of guilt over what has been discovered about his Collusion re. Russian Investigation, and covering for Clinton.
He must feed the family when he loses law license and does 18 mos in a luxury Fed lockup
Waiting with Anticipation. seems we have at least two sets of Laws. One for Serf's and one for DC's Privileged.
Lordy I hope there's a book signing tour
I do too...I want signed copy
THEY BUILD CITIES IN MARS THEY HAVE ALL THE MOST IMPORTANT COUNTRIES THERE.
I am glad that such an ignominious firing has not stopped you. I think you are a good person put in a terrible situation. And Lordy, I wish there were tapes. Still. History will remember you in the right way.
Will they let you receive book royalty payments in prison?
CHINA HAS BIG CITY THERE.

Interesting how you wrote a book on leadership when all you ever displayed was subservience to the Obama Admin. Leadership would have been standing up to them and doing the right thing, regardless of where the chips may fall.
@Comey-Please include ch. on what DOJ should do when you dismiss case against MS13 you know is murderer & apologize to former Congressman for corruption in law enforce. I have tape of 16 DOJ apology. Letting MS13 off to protect integrity of DOJ-that leadership?
CROOKED MAN 
Sadly your leadership has proven to be dismal. Finalizing your Hillary decision before the sham investigation (that you allowed) was completed is not a display of leadership. Very disappointed Mr Comey. We were told you had high integrity. Not equal justice under your leadership.

Will there be a chapter on your involvement with #HSBC & its connection to the #ClintonFoundation? Will it be an "honest" chapter? Please do tell...
I’d love to read your book when it comes out.
Ditto
A book on leadership?  I am thinking of someone who could use that.  Can you mail him a signed copy?  I think he'd take it well. 
Dear Trump,
Hope this helps.
BFF,
James
I could think of a couple other people.....
We'll make a list
Check it twice
Find out who's ok
And who sucks at life
Nothing you say or write will ever be credible.
#PeterStrzok #LisaPage #BruceOhr #JeannieRhee #RobertMueller #DeepState I'll never buy your book. All the Progressive will all pay for it though. This story keeps getting better and better because it shows an obvious attempt to overthrow of a valid election by the Dems and FBI.

Fantasy novel, is it?
You should be in jail not writing books but don't worry karma has a way of coming around to ppl like you.

Sara Carter: Inspector General's Report Looking at 27 Leakers -- Will Cause MAJOR SHAKE-UP AT FBI (VIDEO) http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/12/sara-carter-inspector-generals-report-looking-27-leakers-will-cause-major-shake-fbi-video/ …
JUSTICE is a quality of truth honor COURAGE is the strength to follow it. INTEGRITY is the ability to stand in adherence to your own values. I applaud you sir because you have manifested all three.
Thank you sir! One of the few patriots left in the cesspool that is Washington DC.
Why did you let @HillaryClinton off because you said there was no “intent” when the statute doesn’t require intent.  Others have paid a big price for having done far less.  What did she have on you?
Tell us..by what authority did you alter statutory "gross negligence" language and instead read into it an "extreme carelessness" standard? Asking for a friend...
Thanks and you standing tall and steady provide some reassurance in these rough times also.
Leadership? Your corruption and incompetence did untold damage to DOJ and our legal system. Anyone who would even consider buying your gibberish should have their head examined.
She is in rough weather, indeed. 
No one in the real world wants to hear from you.  Enjoy Christmas with your family bc next year you will B behind bars with the other Bendict Arnolds!
You take care, Mr. Comey. You're a hero to us, and we're just awaiting justice so you can be reinstated.
Historic photo of Mr Corruption admiring Lady Liberty
I hold you responsible for the total desecration of the @FBI. You, with obama's go-ahead, stripped that agency down to a mockery of the law!
I don't believe a word you say. I don't believe there's a good bone in your body
You and #Mueller turned the FBI into a partisan JOKE!!! #FBICorruption #FBICoverUp #ComeyCoverUp
You lie.
#conscience at work,just remember @Comey that in #UScourt this book may be used against you in the #CourtOfLaw #accountability #Integrity
Any advice for me?  I’ve witnessed this downhill slide for about a year and with all the talk and no action I’m feeling a little unsettled.  Trump is like an abusive husband that threatens ones very existence for not worshiping him.
Beautiful picture, I hope so too!
A book on how not to lead.
Yeah, she's standing tall despite your best[sic] efforts.
Next years Time’s Person of The Year 2018
Please do not abandon us, Sir.
Mr. Comey there are some haters, but know that there are many who appreciate your honesty, integrity and your service to this country.  #ThankYou
Clear sailing, Sir.
U rock, sir!!! 
Have you ever THOUGHT ABOUT RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT???
Whats wrong with this picture?
What are you babbling about? How about you read a book on proper sentence structure.
And we here in NYC have known this piece of shit Trump since 1972. Was a con man then and now even bigger one. Instead of stealing money he’s stealing votes 
Rough weather?! You ain’t seen nothing yet! #TheStormHasArrived #thestormishere #buckleupbuttercuo
4 already charged, 2 guilty pleas and Mueller is just getting started.  Is this the rough weather you’re referencing, because Trump is going to need a Storm Angel .. most likely more than one. Start recruiting.
Lol.. you are all in for a hell of a shock.. it ain’t Trump & his Patriots going down!! #TicTok #TheStormIsComing #BuckleUp
Comey you disgraced Lady Liberty, your family and the FBI.
You can call your new book " The Matter"...and maybe your master, Hillary will allow you to go on tour with her to explain "What Happened"
I think your version of Lady Liberty is the one where she lifts the blinder from her eyes & you think she is winking at you for your political tactics & judicial inequality.
"Lordy, Lordy...he invited me into the room with him, but I said Sir...that is not proper behavior!  His tone was threatening, I felt trapped but I remembered my upbringing and asked myself what Miss Hillary would do!"
What !  How can you live with yourself?
Only narcissists put themselves ahead of others
Hope ya dont mind, I took you out of what wouldv been an awesome pic
#statueofliberty
#Comey
Hope you haven't spent the advance money your publisher gave you.

Any comment on new allegations by FBI agents that you & Mueller created a culture that covers up sexual abuse?
Once published, will I be able to find it in the "Fiction" category?
Good luck
Actually weather looks calm, before the storm perhaps? Ah,no matter or is it an investigation? Man without principle is no man.

Maybe now that you have been booted from the FBI you could get a job writing verse for a greeting card company...
Silent is the walk, the wind blows in the trees.
Hope to read a useful leadership book soon.
Patriot

Trey Gowdy says FBI agents were ‘conspiring’ and ‘plotting’ against Trump being elected!  FBI Crooked at the top?         #ma4t  http://www.theblaze.com/news/2017/12/13/trey-gowdy-says-fbi-agents-were-conspiring-and-plotting-against-trump-being-elected/ …
Can't wait to read your book!
Why don't you have your friend Mueller start a gofundme page to buy all those books that don't sell to hide embarrassment?
Its far too late for you to use Lady Liberty to add credibility to your book.
Your lack of leadership has been so clear, a book of blank pages would be a better description of your skills.

HI WHEN WILL YOU ANNOUNCE YOUR PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDACY? WHEN YOU DO IT ..YOU WILL BECOME MY HERO.
Oh my God what a complete joke. You turned the FBI from the Federal Bureau of Investigation to Fan Belt Inspectors. Are you allowed to collect royalties from jail?
"Liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth." 
- George Washington
Can’t wait! Hope We have a different president when it comes out.
You are the epitome of what a true American patriot exemplifies through your honest and thorough investigating, prosecution and putting the citizens our our great nation before selfish and deceitful motives. NOT!!!! Your just another self serving liberal without a moral compass.
Did they ask for their advance back? Big odds it's a money loser for them
I’d like to you to explain how Barack Obama converted you to become his puppet? How does the FBI become a tool of the Democrat party. How does the FBI become judge and jury on Hillary Clinton crimes.
Would love to see Comey investigated for his highly unprofessional and suspect handling of the Clinton investigation, as well as leaking information to the press.
Rough weather ? Why, whatever do you mean ?
Feeling queasy ?
There wouldn't be rough weather if you had not chosen to ignore DOJ policy and send that Hillary letter to Chaffetz right before the election and as people were early voting.
That part is kinda over... IMO
So because of trump is this a fake account?
About it he do have a plan transform American?
Wow, those look like “extremely careless clouds” or are they “grossly negligent.”? 
LOL! Well I know somebody that will be able to tell use why they call it the POKEY is in this conversation! 
'leadership book'? Does it contain instructions about how to run an investigation to DNC's satisfaction and how to leak confidential material to newspapers?
You can write your book from jail. You'll have plenty of free time.
U r no true patriot but a paid traitor.
*Especially* in rough weather. #whenthegoinggetstough
I always and still believed you the truth will soon be out there .
Looking forward to reading!! 
You nuked the reputation of once revered institution. Shame on you.
How can one not like that photograph. Comey you have a great photographer with a sharp eye and fantastic sense of color. When’s the book out? Before Christmas I hope! I’ll be a best seller and a great gift.
#TheStormIsUponUs  confirmed
And you're standing tall, too.
exactly how long have you been in the tank for the #Clintons
Leadership? Is that what we're calling running to the first mic to throw the election to a buffoon these days? 

Here I thought leaders were steady and measured and considerate of consequences.
I know someone who desperately needs a book on leadership.
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
Now that you and Obarry are gone, she stands taller than ever!
why did the Main Stream media ignore the Russian yacht blocking the Statue of Liberty for a long time ?  is Puerto Rico slated to be a SuperYacht service center?
Can't wait to see you peddling this crap from The Federal Penitentiary.
Leadership? Holder, Lynch, yourself & your despicable minions have destroyed the credibility of one of the greatest law enforcement agencies in the world. You & the aforementioned criminals belong in prison. I pray that the DOJ & FBI recover from this debacle. You are a disgrace.
@Comey I salute this effort. I appreciate your Zen like style. Hopefully your photos will be included as part of the text. They will allow the reader to truly see from your perspective. Who knows, maybe the book will become literary canon in the years to come.
Thank GOD for Director Wray, the only man that will be able to clean up the fucking shit show mess YOU created!! Wray should be writing about LEADERSHIP!!!
You better look a little higher. 
At this point, we hope it will be the primer for how to get back to where we were before the orange menace hit.
I keep wondering if France will ask we return her considering our current government.  I haven't really forgiven you for your role in this.  I'm glad you are trying to make reparations.

Papers filed to disbar James Comey following false testimony to congress! #LockHimUp  http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-10-19/papers-filed-disbar-james-comey-following-false-testimony-congress …
Hope your book can be used to help put you in prison. Other than that, it might be good for when you run out of toilet paper.
Beautiful photo, and thanks for your service
Selling your soul is not leadership
Please write about how you gave @HillaryClinton a pass on deleted emails, lying to FBI, paid for play, Russian gps and uranium one collusion
Don't use a ghostwriter. I ghostwrote a few. Advice- show from your heart. I look forward to reading the book
Land of the FREE....home of the BRAVE
You still in NYC? Can I buy you a beer?
Looking forward to your book. Looking forward to the truth coming out, no matter how rough the weather becomes.
You think you are above the law, but you are not. Don't even cast your lying eyes on our Lady Liberty. You are a disgrace and will be known as one for eternity. Money will not fix what is wrong with you sir.
I love this picture of the “Almighty Triumph TRUMP Lion ,  directly under the sun with paws out, taking down the evil in “OUR” midst.
Yeah, we definitely need a leadership book written by 6'8" weasel who hid behind curtains to avoid his boss.

Should I invite him over for dinner?  Meet the kids?
Ewwwww poor choice from a Nanas point if view. Possibly Condoleezza Rice would be a better choice
We’d be honored to have them both!
They’re a couple “good republicans” (no offense...that group includes you!) 
I just like to hear Condoleezza play the piano she's Simply Amazing
Is this a biopic on how you took a respected federal law enforcement agency and turned it into an agency that now the people of America feel they no longer can trust because you used it to cover up crimes of the Democratic party & their elected official for years? #Leadership 
Knock off the holier than though crap. I hope your book will be a confessional but I highly doubt it...
Are you paying attention?
Thank you for all you have done for your country, Mr. Comey. Please know that real Americans stand with you and our honored men and women of the FBI...
You. Leadership. Book.  What is ... Three words that should never be in the same sentence...  #worsebookEVER
Proverbs 21:15 When justice is done, it brings joy to the righteous but terror to evildoers.
Your time as FBI director was rough weather.
She'll stand so long as you fall. Otherwise we may as well tear her down

Been to the top of Lady Liberty,one hell of  journey to the top,
What chapter talks about how you cleared Hillary before the investigation was over?
