
We should put Comey in the same cell with HRC !
Yes we should!
For what?
Yes put them both away for not conspiring with #Russia
They did! 
Gotta provide actualy proof silly. Not @FoxNews tag lines.
I'm not going to do ur research, silly!  But u need to turn #CNN off 
YOU HAVE BLOOD ON YOUR
HANDS COMEY!
Your day of #reckoning’s
coming
@mitchellvii
@seanhannity
@TuckerCarlson
@LeenieKatSTL
@TBERRI01
You’re nuts

You forgot the toppings for your Burger!!    Here-  
Lol. Ty I knew it was missing something.
Is this a parody account?  Book titled “Truth, Lies, and Leadership.”  I’m guessing the Lies section will cover most of the book 
Welcome, sir.  Let's hope that this nightmare of a trash fire of a presidency is coming to an end.
Sure hope you're in jail soon. The FBI is a JOKE.

Uranium One
Immunity
BleachBit
Dossier
Perjury
FISA Warrants
IRS
FnF
Lynch
Tarmac
Huma

We are getting a real investigation into a malevolently ignorant morally bankrupt criminal enterprise called the Trump Administration
You would look so much better in handcuffs
He would be so pretty in handcuffs. He could probably find a boyfriend in the jailhouse.
He just might.. his testimony it was always "As I sit here" he should practice bending over
#TheResistance welcomes you.
Death threats oh how christian of you. You really exemplify "love thy neighbor". Only weak ammosexuals worry about whether someone is armed. The resistance is armed with mental nukes, for you vaginal accidents. And hanging...in 2018what next drawn & quartered by horses smdh
Reported that thing. It is not the first death threat posted by it.
Just out of curiosity....what cover? You had 150k followers & tweeted like 10 times total.
Ah, you missed Reinhold! It was n erstwhile lesser known, but obviously not entirely so, Twitter handle.
Noo, I followed him.  That's why I was wondering what cover it provided when we all knew it was him :D
Thank you for being a compass in these wierd times.
Lordy I hope this Trump/GOP espionage treasonous crime syndicate is taken out soon before anymore damage is done. I hope you cuff Trump 
You were on the right track & fired for it. That ALONE was obstruction of justice & should have begun the impeachment process. #FlynnSpy
How much evidence do you need?
If you had been honest about HRC, we would not have this nightmare now. thanks
I will never understand why Comey did what he did to HRC just before the election!
Maybe he really was trying to save America. I'm going to think the best & go with that...#thankscomey
#ReleaseTheMemo
I still have faith in Comey. If you read between the lines he was saying "Hey dummies, do I have to spell it out for you all? I tried to help, but my hands are tied. IS THIS MIKE ON?? HELLO?? CAN YOU HEAR ME?? Proof is right in front of you"! 

@Comey please don't let me be wrong
I truly WANT him to be on the right side. Things are about to get reallllyyy ugly. 
#ReleaseTheMemo
You should hide your head in shame! You are the worst FBI head in history! Corrupt to the core! Clintonite! Go ahead and delete this too!
You are a sociopath, like your buddy Hillary. Oh, and you can’t tweet from a jail cell.
You should be indicted.
Glad to meet you, blue checkmark and all!  
Thank you for all you have done!  
Thought you were you and now, glad to know you are!
Are u a follower, Beki? I've been pending all year, just wondered if i got stuck in a bug..
Undo the request and then redo it. Worked for me.
Mind answering a couple of questions?
Comey, you ruined our justice system!! I no longer have faith in the FBI. You did not do your job. You were a political hack!
So much love for the author of the infamous "Comey letter!" The one that pretty much finished off Hillary. I'm not sure I understand.
But I do like him for standing up to @realSadBloatedCarrot.
Welcome. Pleased to meet you and look forward to your posts and hope they enlighten and inspire us Americans. We're in a downtrodden state.

Welcome to the Twitterverse you look well rested! FYI I'm still pissed at you from the election but I'm working it out with my twitteropist 
Your higher loyalty is to the Clintons....
You’re going to jail, along with Hillary!
you're done Comey.The FBI Informant is talking.
I'm grateful to u Mr Comey. Regardless of party lines wrong doing needs investigated.Justice is coming for us all.  #ComeyIsAPatriot
EXPOSED. Better watch. they have you pegged.Hannity 11/6/17 | Fox News | November 6, 2017 https://youtu.be/xQxUEMGknG0  via @YouTube
We miss you man! It's hard to fathom all of the great men and women that have left Government this year. It's disheartening.
Welcome James, your profile will become very popular without a doubt. Better than that, you will make sense unlike carrot top.
You owe an explanation for WHY you changed your original conclusion of "gross negligence" to "extremely careless"...we won't hold our breath
Not buying it, new handle or not, still don't trust You, #HomeyComey   !!!! 

Welcome to this delightful little universe. I’m eager to hear what you have to say. So I shall follow.
Comey is a fraud.
Welcome Sir!
"Gross Negligence"
You will be hearing those words a lot in the future
Every field agent or SAIC that I know feels you betrayed the agency and are a complete pile of feces. I agree with them. You belong in jail. Your favors for Hillary won't save you. She lost.
Welcome to the light, dude.

So glad to see you here!! Thank you  for all you have done. Lordy I hope you know I mean it!
Please tell us this DJT nightmare will be over soon?
If this is THE James comey...go to jail!!!
You were a piss poor law enforcement official and failed this country miserably! On to writing books and making money huh? 
Like you wouldn't of anyone cared what you say.
Will you be talking on this handle about how you failed to do your duty to arrest Hillary for gross negligence with classified information?
His job was to turn all investigation info over to the DOJ and it isn't supposed to be his decision whether to prosecute or not!!!   #Commie
Not investigation!  The "matter". Keep up
Oh yeah..."matter" not an investigation...forgot. Must be the justice seeking cop instincts in me rearing their ugly head.
@Comey you're my homey!!!
Hell yeah
Excellent. It's great you're here direct @Comey. These are trying times and you're honesty and moral courage are most needed.
Hi!!!!! Welcome back!!!! We  you! 

Signed, 

A Proud #Resister
Welcome to the world of Twitter. I’m behind you %. Govt needs a purging
Carter Page was turned by Russia. He stinks to high treason.
Who are James Richard, Sergei Yatsenko & Eric Mielke?
What are they hiding?
Keep up the good work..People believe in you..#ImpeachTrump for witness tampering, collusion, money laundering..Follow the $$.Sue him
by the way, we are all still waiting for that mix tape with Trump 
Keep up the good fight against fascism
Welcome back!
What cover? We knew Reinhold was you...& #WeThePeople know a few other things about you...
I don’t know how you have the chutzpah to show your face. Your corruption at the #FBI will be exposed. #draintheDCcesspool
Good Grief... go to the woods with Hillary. We would all be better off.
Traitor!!! Corrupt #dumbdems
Comey. James Comey.

Well this very cool!
we love you and respect you, thank you
I want to know how you look in the Mirror? I believed in YOU last year UNTIL that DAY you announced NO Charges on Hillary!

Then I knew!
As you use to say to others .... REFLECTS back to you ......

YOUR MORAL COMPASS IS ASKEW!

Has Mueller given you immunity already?
I just wanted to say hello and honestly thank you for all you did and tried to do to keep us safe. 
With all due respect, why didn’t you put Hillary under oath and record her interview with investigators?  Why didn’t you attend?
You have single handedly destroyed the integrity& respect that FBI once had. Sorry your greed and grandstanding took over. Hope U find Karma
Great Comment! No one will ever trust the FBI again ..Thanks Comey, you were judge, jury AND executioner of the FBI...
Help us.
Exactly.
A grateful nation thanks you for all you've done.
  
 Hello!

Wow.  Welcome back.
Or welcome?  I have mixed emotions about this, but I guess we'll know the truth later.
I'll never welcome him.
I understand how you feel. I feel the same way, but I wonder if there's more to the story.
At this point, nothing would surprise me!
To be honest if it is what the Four Horsemen of twitter are saying it is then I'd be surprised.
Hey Comey, why did you lie under oath? You should be in prison with ur buddy hillary!
Hey bobbie. You forgot Deplorable in yer bio. Shape up there guy.
You forgot snowflake in your profile. Along with... Nevermind
Can you say Espionage & Hillary in the same sentence? Why yes you can, EXCEPT you said   ‘thats a hill you don’t want to die on’
Coward
I imagine you saw Assange tweet earlier? Sealed indictments?
I am anxiously poised to celebrate the indictment of the Clinton Obama crime family.
Oh Lordy may Trump tweet self-incriminating evidence against himself once he learns your twitter handle. @FBI @PreetBharara
Glad to have you. #ARealPatriot
Thank you for your service,challenging times.
You were missed but not forgotten!
You rock JC
Greetings & Salutations.
You give me hope! Hope that there are still ethical, honest, decent men in leadership.
Well, as you can see from the tweets, we are glad to have you!
Welcome!
Welcome into the glare of the daylight, Mr. Comey! So glad you're with us. 
YOU HAVE BLOOD ON YOUR
HANDS COMEY
Your day of #reckoning’s
coming
@mikandynothem
@Harlan
@IngrahamAngle
@JackPosobiec
@JacobAWohl
Glad you are the man you are! Lots of people trying to paint you in bad light
YOU HAVE BLOOD ON YOUR
HANDS COMEY
Your day of #reckoning
comin
@EntheosShines
@Fuctupmind
@TomFitton
@Nigel_Farage
@GovMikeHuckabee
YOU HAVE BLOOD ON YOUR
HANDS COMEY
Your day of #reckoning’s
coming
@Realjmannarino
@Scavino45
@dbongino
@ElderLansing
@EricTrump
YOU HAVE BLOOD ON YOUR
HANDS COMEY
Your day of #reckoning’s
coming
@JulianAssange
@ColumbiaBugle
@clivebushjd
@Team_Trump45
@LouDobbs
Welcome to the party 
.@ComeyWelcome, #King, we're simply delighted to have youGr8 cover you had, HaHaHa#FancyTricksOfTheTrade
.@ComeyWelcome, #King, we're simply delighted to have youGr8 cover you had, HaHaHa
@TheJusticeDept @FBI @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @GOPoversight @HouseJudiciary

Don't drop the soap, Jimmy!!! I'm sure those guys in prison can't wait for you. #CrookedCop
Comey is working with The NY Times to coverup letting the Clinton crime family go free
Fight on

Welcome back Sir. 
Congress: "So did Weiner READ those Classified Docs he was PRINTING OUT at Home? For Huma?"

Comey (FBI Dir.): "I don't know"
Comey soon you are going to be part of Prisonverse for your role in Clinton's/Obama's treason.  We see you - no need to unmask, #LockThemUp
America wants to see you in prison along with your treasonous scum buddies--Clintons, Obama, Holder, Soros et al  #ComeyForPrison  #Rotten
YOU WERE FAR TOO BUSY CLEARING ONE OF THEE BIGGEST CRIMINAL POLITICIAN IN HISTORY.  I'VE WONDERED SINCE THEN.. WHO DIED AND MADE YOU BOSS?
So glad you’re here!! Good morning!!
You owe us an explanation.
Early @Comey memo changed from “gross negligence” to “extremely careless” Why?  http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/358982-early-comey-memo-accused-clinton-of-gross-negligence-on-emails …
Lol how can  it v a cover if we all knew ? Now come clean Comey
Anyone silly enough to think @Comey's a Clintonite liberal should check the 19 people he follows. A good list, tilted slightly rightward.
GO AWAY
What does Hillary have on you that you would let her skate?
It’s good to see you, sir!!
Criminal.
Thx 4 ur service,ethics,character,n attempt to hv a more diverse FBI.
45 lied abt ur leadership n n frnt of r enemy laugh at u.#45inmate2018
Thank You Mr. Comey for continuing to display class & integrity while America is under attack. We need all the help we can get !
#Welcome To Twitter Liar. #indictcomey
Why in the heck would I RT this?
This was all in the FIX! You're all tied together; Rosenstein, McCabe, Mueller and YOU.

When you said this, YOU knew what was coming!
Glad to have you, but, man, are you in for a rough ride. Fair warning.
Gross negligence removed from your statement & replaced w/ extremely careless months before interview w/ @HillaryClinton. Why the change?
YOU HAVE BLOOD ON YOUR
HANDS COMEY!
Make no mistake, U’r day of
#reckoning’s comin
@realDonaldTrump
@RealJamesWoods
@President1Trump
I always try to look at the positive side... Congrats Comey, you did more than all others combined to destroy the #FBI reputation
#GMEN
You're are the most corrupt EX @FBI director EVER. You and the Obama admin. Did everything you could to NOT follow ANY laws. PO 
Welcome to the Twitterverse. Some Useful References, Contacts & Resources https://tttthreads.com/thread/919353966001033216?refresh=1 …
Dunno if You've seen this. It's pretty good. Very well done.
Why did you change your narrative of Hillary from "groosly negligent"?
It sure takes a long time to get a much needed response to these very simple questions...
you had the goods to charge Hillary for "gross negligence" yet you still recommended against prosecution? leftist.
Being on Twitter is either extremely careless or grossly negligent on your part. Did you decide this months ago and just now act upon it?
#nailedit 
#MAGA
@NoahOnline_  sweet
America’s dad !
More like America's Papi. AMIRITE?!

James could you please phone Dr Vincent he was my psychologist when I got sectioned in 2013 cause of E-mail sent in 2011-12 that David Cameron blocked and sent MI5-MI6 after me till I had a breakdown 0121 301 5300 he sectioned me for a knife I  got 7mths
Ploys he spread a rumour that I molested babies when my sister repeated a lie from my ex wife who turned into a freemason over what I witnessed in Stoke on Trent when up against the Freemasons they tried to kill me with beastiality for not joining them
YOU HAVE BLOOD ON YOUR
HANDS COMEY
Your day of #reckoning’s
coming
@SheriffClarke
@TGowdySC
@bbusa617
@bfraser747
@chuckwoolery
@cm9xx

James as a cop I'm appalled of your actions and corruption. You should be facing indictment on many sides for your lawlessness n crimes.
Crawl back under your long rock....they'll be coming for ya soon

Sorry to be behind sir welcome to Twitter! Please know that the majority of us find you to be an honorable and an amazing human being. Thank you.
I didn't think what you did during the Clinton investigation was right. But I find what Trump is doing to destroy democracy staggering. Thank you for standing up against his attempts to silence the Russia investigation.
You’re a flawed hero @Comey and we love you. Thank you for your service. 
Welcome aboard!
Yeah! Been dying to hear more from you! Citizens need to hear from ALL Leaders who care about Truth & National Security above Politics!!! Thank You
Thank you for your service!
Welcome Mr Comey - so happy to have you join us 
We are glad you are here. Proud to say you are a great American.
Good to see you!

It was awesome! Just like you! Thank you for your service to tnis country'

Happy you're here
#FBI #FBITactics
Here’s my new handle. Glad to be part of the Twitterverse. Grateful to Reinhold for the cover these last few years.
Welcome to Twitterverse
C
O
M
E
Y
!

Good to have you with us on Twitter! Wish you could say more than you can/will!
I have the greatest respect for you Mr Comey! You were fired because Trump thought u were getting to close to Russian ties! He is evil!
Welcome! Thank you for your service sir!
Why are you on here? You have nothing to offer us except how you got away with years of @FBI corruption.
You should write a book Mr. Comey & apologize to Hillary. But thanks for finding your integrity and keeping copious notes.  #stillnauseous
This isn't new. I've been following this account since you got fired. If he's changing his handle he should lose that blue check @Twitter
Glad to have you! Thank you for your service. Too few like you & Mueller in D.C. I appreciate you enlightening us on this administration.
Wow Hillary would have probably used blackmail but the money did the job
You okay with creating a constitutional crisis of monumental proportions by not enforcing the law on Hillary Rotten Clinton, creature?
Welcome back, Mr. Comey!
Will you be able to tweet from jail?
I could care less what you have to say. You were a weasel FBI director who let a career criminal get away with countless crimes. Get lost
Thank you for your service to us as FBI Director.   #KICKTRUMPOUT
Why did u change your letter after you met w/Obama..In other words, why did u change your mind about HC..u should have convicted her..
Welcome. Die Hard is a Christmas/action movie as It’s A Wonderful Life is a Christmas/political movie. Rigid cells are for Trump cronies.
Mr. James Comey, God loves you and He still see your honesty and truth. Keep your head up and keep your Joy and Peace.
T'would seem most of the Twitterverse people are happy to have you here 'Sir' James!!  I know I certainly am. Welcome!!
Great. Now please help us remove the Doofus-in-chief from office. America is dying. And you have a little to make up for.
Hillary said you were one of the reasons she lost. Thank you!
HSBC
Money Laundering $Trillions
Comey - Director
Meuller - Chief Counsel
Lynch - Prosecutor
Fined HSBC $250 Million
DID NOT SEIZE Bank or $
Prison awaits you LIAR TRAITOR.
Will you be tweeting from prison?
OMG!!!!!! Welcome!!!!! #ComeyIsMyHomey
Comey go lie for hitlery some more.....We dont believe a word you say! We all know your full of 
Me Comey , a nation is grateful.
Hello Sir. @SaraCarterDC wants to know why you changed language in your Clinton memos from gross negligence to extremely careless. Thanks
Honestly, the article that discerned that it was your account was an amazing bit of detective work.
Oh look. @comey finally came out of the Twitter closet. Welcome & fasten your seatbelt!
Wonder if they'll let you tweet from your prison cell?
You failed America & you failed us! We were counting on you to do the right thing but you took the wrong path & caused you your credibility!
HE’s BACK! Everyone FOLLOW!
Welcome. Nice to have you.I look forward to ur insights & thoughtful commentary wrt the Trump mess & Muellers investigation. #TrumpRussia
When will you be in Chicago. It would be my honor to shake your hand.
Not mine. Comey deliberately threw the election to Trump by sending a "secret" letter to blabbermouth Chaffetz.
Sorry Lee, I'm not even going to go there regarding Hillary Clinton. Far too slippery of a slope for me.
So glad he was finally able to out himself!  
Remember Her?
Innocent until Proven Guilty does anyone in USA know this is the way our Legal system works? it is not up to Defense to Prove Innocents @POTUS Trump is Innocent period No Proof of Guilt of any illegal acts period Fact
#MeToo Early Comey draft accused Clinton of gross negligence on emails.
hillary breached natl security w unsecure, hack email server. hillary okayed sale of uranium to putin. you gave her a pass.
Nothing illegal there. Nothing obstructionist there. No charges. Already investigated. Can we concentrate on Trump & crew now?
what are you talking about? you idiots have been "concentrating" on trump for a YEAR now and found NOTHING. no charges, no obstruction, already investigated. conversely hillary has been protected by comey fbi and doj. try reading the news, not coverup cnn nyt wapo.
Oh honey, i read and read and read. But not Breitbart, Infowars, Alex Jones, or Bannon. No charges? No corruption? What do you think Meuller is doing? Handing out indictments for Halloween?  much?
stupid actually
@intenseCA move to , we're normal
I believe you are an honorable man, always have. Lordy, I will be a happier person when our American nightmare POTUS is removed. All my best to you and your family.

Mr. Comey, I know you only follow 17 people, but could you follow a few women? Thanks!
