@fishlimit598 Jim, we are frightened. We are worried that Trump is ruining our democracy.
You mean the socialist agenda?
As opposed to this kleptocracy?
There again, democrats can’t keep their groping hands out of our pockets....
Be the 1st in line to give up your socialist welfare of Pub Educ, Soc Sec, Medicare,police/fire protection,pub util, pub health roads/hiways
Public service is not socialism.
“Groping hands out of your pocket”??? I’m a die hard democrat. Blue states keep red states afloat lady. Get your information straight. I paid over $400,000 in taxes last year, I’m paying for YOU!!
How gauche of you to assume that you are special for paying taxes, and you pay for me.  I can assure you that my tax dollars can match yours and then some more.....

How many democrats have been indicted the last 2 months? How many republicans have been indicted?
Indicted doesn’t mean proof? It never has. Follow the money AND the morals. The more Christian they claim to be, the guiltiest they are.
How judgmental of you...
Trump is getting ready to do a hit job on Rosenstein and use Congress as his hitmen ; Trump will use Congress’s findings/opinions to try and justify his firing of Rosenstein to replace him and take investigation away from Mueller.  i hope Mueller is ready.
NYAG Schneiderman is our clean up man. No worries. This crime family is toast. 

@Comey is my homey! My love for the intelligence community knows no bounds.
no bounds eh? so you support bias and conflicts of interest regarding high level officials in our intel agencies?gotcha
Oh you drank the Fox kool aid, did ya?  Bless your little heart! 
Bless your heart, you mustn’t watch congressional committee discussions. Keep drinking YOUR koolaid...
yeah I guess congressional committees are fake news? lol
Comey, great days are coming with Trmp making America great again!
Prayers to all that serve, all that are served by public servants and to truth and justice to reign. This test of a system of self rule will make us stronger and the beacon of hope throughout the world.
Going to be so happy when you're finally in jail I hate a dirty cop and you are the dirtiest of them all
SO TRUE!! Thanks
#ReleaseTheMemo
Fast forward to the 21st Century and we have a HUGE Government that is a BEAST of BURDEN to the working class so shut it down, downsize it cleaning out the dead wood & the corrupt like you, McCabe, Lynch, HRC et al. Good Riddance!
Your boastful display of your academic knowledge, by continually quoting the empty words of men, reveals your emptiness @Comey and your lack of truel knowledge.  Read and study the Holy Bible,.  Ask Jesus Christ into your heart--He will fill your emptiness, and bring you peace.
Rob you just projected your inner truth onto Comey. Read back your egotistical, judgmental sentiment, and then, apply it to yourself. If you were filled with peace, YOU would be peaceful. Your display demonstrates your state of being. And by their fruit, you will know them.

Another one is " a government of the people, by the people and for the people". We would like to see more neutral reporting, have access to the facts and see the standard of the law applied equally , not in a pay-to-play game.
How? How do we undo all the damage done, let alone the unthinkable amount of damage to come? We must fight back. How?
It's not that hard. Other than the Supreme Court nominees. Okay, and the environmental damage.  : (  But other than that, we just need to need to keep our noses down and get out the vote and take back the house and the senate in 2018. We can change tax plan & push single payer.
And have everyone living in card board houses and getting our one roll of toilet paper a week and all jobs gone because corporations will be o.o.b. because everyone is suppose to be poor and stand in line for government to tell us what we can eat, have, live....yeah I'll pass
Bots, lots bots still. Focus on the good and ignore flamethrowers . Merry Christmas to the #Resistance and to you @Comey.
I am not a bot. Sick of the stupid #resistance dividers. Just move!
Trump won’t win. The people have spoken. But election time comes no matter what the Russians try to interfere he will not be real acted. Hopefully by then he’ll be impeached along with pence and his circus too.. #VoteThemAllOut #TheView #RespectComey
I agree with @Comey, I believe "we have seen our better days .."    the worst is yet to come.  America is falling - race against race,  immorality , more prisons being built , can't  say the name GOD, and our political leaders, including  POTUS can not lead!
Crooked
A turning point? When the veil is lifted from the liberal crimes.

#ExposeTheLeft
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
I believe we're experiencing the strong contractions and labor pain of a nation and its people, that in the end will birth an awareness, strength of character and unity never before seen. Times are changing! We will rise from the ashes of fear into the arms of love and victory.
The narrative of cypress banks used to launder money is an interesting one... what about the speeches paid by Russians for other candidates... is there even an effort to dig deeper there? And who feeds Maddow the narrative? Why only one sided?
You're the dreamiest...:D
FU, Comey! Your last minute “but, her emails” is the reason they’re destroying the country. 
Bull
Thanks for the uplifting quotes from history. A lot of us take solace in them and the wisdom that lies within
 Merry Christmas, Happy New Year and thank you for your selfless service to our country.
ROFLMAO. HAHAHAHA!  
Meanwhile...
Good to continue studying and quoting historic authors, literature and poetry... comes in handy when incarcerated

Here Jimmy
Mr Comey,The Trump Republican Henchmen are sinister S.O.B's. I hope we survive.
Yes, I cannot think the Republici can take the booming economy, tax cuts, bonuses and raises and ISIS running for cover all over the world.   and to think Comey almost saved us from all this winning.
Thx for response. Merry Christmas .
Comey, what drugs are you on buddy? Whatever it is, you should lay off them.
display symptoms of mushrooms.
Democrats don’t want to lower our taxes. They’ve always wanted to raise our taxes. They tell us they’ll lower our taxes at election time, but after that, they’ll tell us they can’t afford to lower them.
We aren't down.  You are.
I am not down. We are seeing the end of decades of killing, smuggling drugs, slavery, cruelty and lies. That is a Christmas Present!
Don't let Comey down, STRING THIS BASTARD UP Mr. President.
You seem to be the only one getting down.  The noose gets tighter every day doesn't it James?  How does it feel?
You are sooo full of crap!
We can prove you are a criminal
James, we love you but stop hiding behind other people's quotes and give it to us straight
He’s just keeping it clear and clean, love. #integrity
Agree, but he also has to be driving @realDonaldTrump nuts with these tweets, keep it up sir!
I have my doubts about the president’s reading comprehension level. I do like the sentiment though.
He is actually a genius, you can google it or check my 401k! 
I know.. He has words  he's smot.
Tommy is a laughable TX stereotype profile and TROLL. 10/10. BLOCK.
And he, as a human, has a right to his words and opinion.
Dude, a reality TV game show host won the presidency with help from the Russian government. Meanwhile the GOP helps cover it up.

I think it's safe to say our best days are behind us.
A Smart Businessman became President @realDonaldTrump of #USA After All these Mos can't you see there is NO Collusion! Hoax started with Hitlary & @DNC with Fake #Dossier covered up by FBI. #FISA warranty obtained with  #Dossier
Get ready for your indictment ! It’s coming soon!
Your timing is impeccable sir 
Not impeccable.... purposeful
Yup & I just wanted to thank him.
I should have added a smiley face  :)
All good it’s 23:25 it’s been a long day & a long year .
With every tweet, Comey shows America Trump that Trump got it right.
What the hell does that even mean?
Please help save our democracy.
Smart phones are more intelligence then we think. For example, they autocorrect Comey's name to "Comet", they know he removes dirt and harmful bacteria!
.@Comey Illegitimi non carborundum!
illegitimi noncarborundum
Trump will turn this corrupt wh around! We are not Iran! Obama favored our enemies and rude to our allies! He is a radical Islam specimen!! He shows who he is and we believe!!you joined in his agenda! 

YOU ARE FOOLING YOURSELF, YOU ARE GOING TO FEDERAL PRISON, SO PREPARE YOURSELF!
@realDonaldTrump Here's one that seems applicable: "The measure of a man's real character is what he would do if he knew he would never be found out." Thomas Babington Macaulay
Socety reached a turning point when the former FBI director named @Comey decided to illegally leak government documents to the press. Leaders lead by example; breaking the law is not leadership in our book.
Yes, we have reached a turning point. Our best days are still to come. #MAGA
#HappyNewYear 
#VoteBlue2018
Who you trying to Bullchit??? We know you let her off 3-4 times. ....Stop Lying!
those are in error who tell us that society has reached a turning point, that we have seen our best days because President Trump is here now to MAGA and will continue to from MAGA 2020 thru 25 when Niki Haley or Ivanka Trump may be 1st woman to MAGA as 1st woman Prez. Sry Hillary
Somehow I can't find much inspiration - the NYT story doesn't look good for you.
#WeWillResistUntilJobIsDone
Corruption breeds corruption.
If you mean the Obama years...you’re unhinged. Trump will and is as I write making America great again. Taking us from the bring of total corruption and socialism. Thank you Lord Jesus!
No truer words could be spoken by a person that uses the law for subornation of the truth! Right Jimmy? U don’t determine INTENT! The grand jury does or a jury of HRC peers! But u forgot that didn’t u Jimmy?
whats a MATTER jimmy? Cat got ur tongue? Matter is a nice word isn’t it Jimmy? Helps u change the meaning of a CRIME DOESNT IT??
U wouldn’t even begin to hold a candle to Thomas there jimmy! Ur as corrupt as they come! Enjoy ur 10 mil from a fake book!
That’s why we elected @realDonaldTrump to #MAGA! And he’s doing a damn good job and will get my vote AGAIN in 2020
#NeverTrumpHillary Record Low Voter TurnOut Reflects #NotMeUs Want of Policies #ForTheMany Not What Passes For “Normal” Esteemed “Best and Brighest” Presidencies; (Obama DOJ Clinton) Comey Testimony Suggests Bill Clinton May Have Cost Hillary the Election


Oh my.
Stephen King said this?
Oh My!
It will be over soon unless Mr Mueller can stop it before March!

What a crock. I hope everyone involved get what's coming to them. All the way back to any involvement with McVeigh, 911, Uranium One, Bush & Clinton crime families, Pedodesta etc
Suggest you look at economic indicators for a true turning point.
 THAT WAS SO FUNNY...IN ERROR OMG YOU HONESTLY THINK WE’D BELIEVE THAT BS

Hahahaha, you’re funny  (this is comedy, right?)
I wish you were willing to speak from your own heart.
IT'S HOWDY DOODY TIME
We the people want trump charged and procecuted for racism towards muslims
"ranch dressing sucks" - carrot (everyday)
“The biggest fan of James Comey is James Comey” - James Comey
this can be provennnnnnnnnnn....https://truepundit.com/fbi-awans-security-clearances-forged-granted-access-to-congressional-intel-despite-falsified-vetting/ … ........what did you know and when did you know it?
Disgraced the FBI and our country, you should be in prison. There’s still hope we will see you in Orange.
But you're a democrat, what gives you the right to cite Thomas Babbington Macaulay?
I wish for 2018 is that America gets to know the truth to the corruption and fraud being played out in the WH  so that the world can get some time to relax and breath again. Thank you for doing your part to stop  it. 
 you’re joking, right?
#troll #TickTickTick
#TreasonWeasel forced this upon him, I believe. Hell hath no fury as a #ClintonKaine supporter armed w/memes.
Yup, I read that too. There was a sourced article with the timeline of the events that forced him to send that bs memo b/4 there was an apparent leak. Hmmm. 
"Why" - doesn't alter the calculus.  14 days before the vote Clinton was up by double digits. She got Comey'd.  And sank like a stone.
I agree with you. I’m saying there was some bs happening behind the scenes that are now just coming out about the event that lead up to it!
And I know that (or at least I read a lot of rationalization). And I suppose - if Trump wasn't demolishing the Constitution and plundering our nation faster than you can say GOP? I would care a lot less.
He is demolishing this country, exactly as putin wants it. It’s a GD shame, & makes me sick to my stomach every single day. Every morning I wonder what fresh hell he’s released upon us. 
Sometimes I just have shut off all the vitriol and jump into my "way back machine"
I’m tired of being scared. It’s exhausting.
It is quite tiring
@AnnCoulter @MarkDice @JackPosobiec @PrisonPlanet @GovMikeHuckabee @ericbolling @WatchChad @charliekirk11 @RealJamesWoods @mitchellvii @chuckwoolery @SheriffClarke @TomFitton @therealroseanne
Totally blind & unwilling to let go of pride.Trumps made promises & is keeping promises. His win boosted the confidence in the stock market and job market across the board..he promised tax cuts and cutting regulations that strangled business. The optimism is what made it happen!
#burr I've had enough of you pig
Are we just an extention of Russia now? Does it not matter that the GOP just robbed the middle class and poor at extreme costs, we have no game plan to stop Putin, our President is a Russian asset.  They are censoring words WORDS like science based....is all hope lost?
Thank you for the reassurance! Sorely needed ! Mr. Comey! I do wish it was you in charge, I would feel safe, secure and like my sons would have future to look forward too!!
Seek rehab.   The first step to heal from a hurt butt is admitting your butt hurt.  Grab a paper clip big guy and make an appointment.  #Scrub
I guess this page is where all the special people that can't grasp reality go to cry and lick their wounds I'm out of here might be contagious
Fight back in every peaceful way we can!
War Cry From  "Anthem" by Leonard Cohen
I can't run no more
With that lawless crowd
While the killers in high places
Say their prayers out loud
But they've summoned, they've summoned up
A thundercloud
And they're going to hear from me/[us]
 kind of over these platitudes, tbh.
Sure looking bad for poor people though. Also anybody with a health issue, minorities, immigrants...on the backs of whom the rich rise.
Losing hope.
I picture you twirling a mustache and wearing a cape when reading your tweets.

It's Christmas hypocrite. Where u at. Don't hide behind the same bible real christian's use. U made your bed punk. U literally are a disgrace. Need a job?
“I have learned to hate all traitors, and there is no disease that I spit on more than treachery.”  Aeschylus
it ain't over. You'll get what's coming to sooner, or later. You, and the rest of the swamp creatures.

You're ALL LIARS ....it's 114 degrees the last week of June in PHX. skip to 6 Minutes https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ITEP_D3yzM&feature=youtu.be …
I needed a little Thomas Babbington Macauley today.
Oh how little we sold our honor, integrity, & self respect for, eh James?
Is this before the civil war?  Not really helping.
Thank you. It is hard not to despair. There are so many lines crossed, so many attacks on decency, truth and the norms of society. It is frightening. God bless you, Mr. Comey. I believe you love America.
your core value is acting like a dictator
If you started a book club I would join. At the very least can you create a reading list?
Thank you for your calming and informative years. 
Thinking about your coming incarceration screwing with your head? You should make a full confession. It'll make you feel better.
Thanks for all the lofty sentiment. It won't help pay the bills. Whatever her faults, Hillary would not be raping the country. You helped Trump. You contributed to this mess.
Comey and the corrupted within the DOJ knew about this and did nothing.
For such a tall goon, you sure do like to hide....in the curtains, behind others' quotes, within an institution you politicized & disgraced.
Closets will open....
@MediumPsychi @TheGuarian22 @QueSera2017
Thank you for all that you have done for our country!
the only russia collusion

Oh look he’s trying to show us that criminals can be intellectuals too! Enjoy GITMO!
May God Bless you with a huge dosw of wisdom! #LOVETRUMPSHATE #GOP #MAGA
#ObstructionOfJustice to come !!!!

Sir you can't have it both ways. You knew of the Russian influence on Wiki-leaks and you still came out 2 weeks before the election with information provided by Putin. Nice try but History will not be forgiving for your role in stealing the 2016 election! #Resist
“Illegitimi non carborundum” brother Comey!

You can quote folks from the 18th and 19th Century till the cows come home, but your historical legacy will be that as the leaker and conspirator Coup d'etat Comey.  #MAGA
You all belong in jail for insurrection against a sitting USA president.
One day your name will be notorious as a corrupt participant in a coup.
Lol...lol...you have got to be kidding. The only people going to jail are those associated with Dementia-in-Chief 45!#OffToJailAllTrumps
HQ Special
There is plenty of proof! Just check out the replies to your bs tweets! lol
Sure but where is Thomas Babbington Macaulay today?
You thought you were untouchables...
Here’s the turning point: the civil servant worth $13 million
To quote is safe but your actions have been dishonest.  You are a 'wolf in sheep's clothing'.

James COMEY there R things some know in this universe with gifts they don't ask for. I see thru & between. U struggle daily with your wrongs
What is this stench that permeates the air, could it be the smell of souls that have been sold to the highest bidder?
Perhaps foul traces of evil intentions, 
Humanity lost and the end of kindness and compassion.
Demons wearing human faces, 
Hell on earth is finally here.
You better quote the Bible! It’s a much better source
Lord have mercy. Please get over 'getting the boot' from Trump.
A 2-minute respite from the worry and panic...
“Mueller Baby” is the impeachment carol we’ve been waiting for 
Treason, Sedition and corruption is not serving one’s country with honor. Unless you are an ideological traitor like Comey and his friends.
Your own brother's law firm, DLA Piper contributed $399,000 to Hillary Clinton in 2016?  https://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/summary.php?id=D000021569 …

Thank you for this, Mr. Comey. It's what I most needed to read today.
This one got me down.

give it up! you are one of the main reasons the @FBI is so freaking tattered now! face it, you suck #Resistance  for #ClintonCash, but you swallow for free!
#leakinjamescomey
We love that your new job is to spend the day posting self-righteous, passive-aggressive pearls of wisdom for lesser humans to grapple with for life enrichment. How did we ever survive without your nuggets of wisdom? You are truly one of God's greatest gifts to the world.
How about a fucking comey quote like: 
"I REALLY, REALLY FUCKED UP & I OWE MY COUNTRY & BESIDES I DON'T WANT MY GRANDCHILDREN HAVING TO LIVE WITH MY SHAMEFUL LEGACY.
I KILLED THIS COUNTRY,  I KILLED DEMOCRACY WITH STUPIDITY!"
George Washington To Crummy Comey
Pathetic END
Got a headstart on the eggnog did you? #NoParadeforTrump
THEN WHY DID YOU PULL THE HILLARY SHIT?¿!

YOU OWE US!

NOW FIX IT!
After the Videos are all played you and many others might be wearing orange. You Tainted FBI. No one trust you Anymore. Did you know that during your years under Obama ADMIn that you and others were being taped? Yes Sir it’s said there’s dirt on Many High Ranks.
I can’t wait until the Former FBI Undercover guy shows All his Videos, Audio And Documents He has on All who work during Obama’s ADMIn. He has proof of Criminal.
James...we have YET to see the best this country has to offer...when all the politically controlled establishment operatives are swept from their posts...we will see a new golden age of productivity and invention. Good riddance sir, may history be more kind than the present.
Jefferson had a quote that describes you to a T.. "When government fears the people, there is liberty. When the people fear the government, there is tyranny."
@Comey most tyrannical leader in history. He lied,cheated & stole from the US while leading 1 of the most admired orgs.
Doing drugs Comey?
PLEASE FBI,CIA SAVE US&USA FROM DICTATOR LIAR TRUMP&CULT&COHORTS, TRUMP&GUTLESS REPUBLICANS ARE DANGEROUS, FORMER REPUBLICAN 4DECADES TILL TRUMP SHOCKED ME INTO REALITY,AS A PHYSICIAN 700%SPIKE STRESS&DEPRESSION SINCE TRUMP
Thank you for this. It's a good reminder.
James you should run for President you would win bigly...
I love the sentiment, but I think we have better reason than at any other time except that of the Civil War and perhaps the Great Depression.

Comey,  be an honest man for once. You are doing no greater disservice to the nation you swore to protect and uphold its laws when you don't apply those standards of honesty & integrity to all...no one is above law unless you allow it and you did.
Dude. You swung the most important election of our times. Shut up with the sanctimony. It’s unearned.
This administration is a daily assault. It mutes the music, fills the colors, robs us of everything and we fight for survival. We need to start winning otherwise the survival just prolongs the torture.
The long view...hard to keep in mind in these dark days.
WHAT IS PRUITT HIDING IN HIS OFFICE HAD IT SWEPT FOR BUGS N NEW PRIMO LOCKS PUT ON! WATERGATE MUCH?
I hope you know how many people are behind you.
Behind him? For what?
Feeling the heat Jimmy!!! 
You speak about ethical leadership... Kinda like Obama talking about capitolism. Bunch of hooey
Very well quoted!!
What a pathetic tweet. I wonder how your agents respond to your bullshit.
Something must be done, though. What just happened on Capitol Hill is criminal. Why are politicians getting away with things that you or I would be put in a federal penitentiary for?
I am actually in shock, literally just came home to this. It's inconceivable yet apparently dismantling on behalf of corporations while being paid by corporations is actually happening. In all of my years I have never seen such open graft & disinformation
And it's right in front of an entire nation! A massive criminal heist right in front of us!
They're Not going to GET AWAY with it.. #MuellerTime #CorruptGOP Many will be indicted from Congress.. Russian money laundering CROOKS..
I do hope you're right. And that little Nunez gang needs to cease immediately. That guy leaks enough to send him some Poise.
