You're kinda a funny guy.
Sounds like what you did with Hillary’s case—you compromised your moral standards to fit H’s corrupt narrative, and destroyed the reputation of the entire FBI—rather than listening to your own instincts and your wife’s prodding to do the RIGHT thing.
There could be circumstances and facts you don’t know about. Just a thought for you to consider. I’m sure you’ve had the experience of being judged by someone who didn’t know all the facts about your situation.
I’ve followed this for two years. There’s nothing that could possibly excuse what he decided with Hillary Clinton’s case. Nothing.
Then you obviously don't have all the FACTS
Do you?
Thanks for your patriotism and integrity 
Sir, with respect, you more than any individual are responsible for Trump's Presidency due to the violation of DOJ guidelines with your baseless Clinton email announcement days before the election. Maybe save some of your righteous/Biblical tweets about Trump for self-reflection.
Was calling the Clinton email investigation a "matter" an exception?
Trumpanzees  have no concept of Legalese if they did  they would know that the term "matter " in legal circles means case. hence the courtroom reference when a case is introduced. " In the matter of Jane Doe vs John Joe" case#R123456789
I wonder why it gave Jim a queasy feeling then?
To think that in doing the right thing--updating Congress regarding the investigation, as promised--but possibly publicly raising the specter of perception of a renewed investigation "but her emails"--I mean who can't see that it killed him to do the right thing, but shade her?
yo wtf you have a twitter now?
The reason 90% of men and women don't study the BIBLE is the truth is reality and reality hurts but also saves lives. Colossians 3:5 NIV
[5] Put to death, therefore, whatever belongs to your earthly nature: sexual immorality, impurity, lust, evil desires and greed, which is idol
Every AJ Major in College or FBI should fully study and read the Bible and Justics will start working again. The Lawa of God are living and active to date. Man's Laws are inactive at a certain point. You aren't going to take a Lantern in NH and walk a car across town . It's law.
Do you know how many men and women have died from Sexual Immorality? Thousands of deaths that were innocent people. Just ask King David who committed adultery with Nathsheba and then sent her husband to the front lines to be killed and took Bathsheba as his wife.
Was it immoral to make an exception for Hillary? It seems that you allowed her an exception to US law covering classified information, making you a rather immoral and unethical leader. The irony of you lecturing about ethical leadership is truly repugnant.
WTF
AKA People who live in glass houses!!!
So what ya mean is TRUMP IS NO LEADER AND AN ASSHOLE TRATIOR! i agree 100%
To James Comey of the Clinton Cabal: "Those who corrupt the public mind are just as evil as those who steal from the public purse." ~ Adlai E. Stevenson
America to Comey.
You should have told us about trump/russia investigation before the election - you have blood on your hands
I love these subtweets. Epic. But when will you explain your behavior regarding HRC right before the election? You caused a lot of damage.
He did 
He sent the letter confidentially to Chaffetz. Chaffetz made it public.
The expectation that Chaffetz would not immediately make it public was not rooted in reality
while I agree, Cheffetz obviously illegally leaked a confidential letter.  I wonder what he'll be charged with...
He was the first to jump ship.
Yup.  And he's probably already been 'talking' to Mueller.
Run Comey, Run! You and @SallyQYates! 
Yes, Comey—-please RUN—-far, far away!!! 
Because Women for Trump can't handle truth, integrity or responsibility? They'd rather support a self admitted sexual abuser? This is what I mean by the insane asylum. 
Please lay out your evidence. I’ll wait.
They never can.
Personally?  I think you’re a quiet, focused badass - and I’d have a crush on you if it were appropriate.
I have a crush on him.
I have a serious crush on him. And I saw him first.
I look like him, have a crush on me instead !
Are you six foot infinity?
Yah, the height, I tick that box. No experience breaking international conspiracies, but I do bake a mean carrot cake. Whadd'ya say?!
That’s a helluva sales pitch you’ve got there.
Right up to the part when one looks at bio and sees “husband”....

I loathe you with every mote of my soul.  One day karma will settle up with you for what you've done to the government and this country.  My only wish is that on that day I hope I'm there to witness your comeuppance.
You ought to know.

Yes, you both are immoral - you have made exceptions of yourselves.
"We are approaching a time when Christians, especially, may have to declare the social contract between Enlightenment rationalists and Biblical believers - which formed the basis of the constitution written at our nation's founding - null and void."  Cal Thomas (still alive)
Geez you're a good man.
Good at covering up Clinton’s crimes, that is.....
My God, do you never tire of living in the past?  Look around you.  Your party is corrupt, devoid of any moral compass, completely lacking in integrity, and taking away your abilities to stand up for yourself unless you kiss their butts.  Wake up.
God James we wouldn’t be in this mess if you hadn’t brought up Hillary’s e-mails the day before the election! What were you thinking ???
Robert mueller will fail miserably by February of 2018 and end his career in disgrace along with James fraud Comey. @realDonaldTrump
And I ain't no Russian bot, nitwit.
"The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated"
#SpecialCounsel for #CrookedComey
You should know all about that. !!
Exactly. Well said.
I have disagreed with you on issues in the past, Director Comey, but I thank you for your honorable life of service to America.
Lol..
Are you doing some self reflection regarding some of the actions you took during campaign 2016?
I am sill on the fence with you, I'm still confused.
@realDonaldTrump I believe Mr Comey has a message you should listen to...
Misread this at first & thought it was Morticia's daughter from the Addams Family explaining how to live forever. But, thanks to Wikipedia, I've learned she's a pioneer social reformer talking about morals. See folks? Always fact check.
When you get a chance, publish your reading list would you? #comeyreadinglist thanks!
2 disgraceful maggots.
And so he has...
You are leaker, a liar, and u abused your power ,your office... it is shameful u are not locked-up!! Hope u are happy with all the discord u planted personally in this country...
@realDonaldTrump won’t understand that.

Possible the most immoral man in America tweeting the quote is a level of hypocrisy never before seen.  The Day James Comey reports to prison will be a great day for America.
So glad you included the dates to clarify which Addams family she came from
Epic shade there, sir.
Between Comey and @PeteSouza, the shade game is strong!
Yes!!
Perfect. You and Pete Souza rock.
I LOVE your shade game. Please keep at it!
He's SO good at it! He and Preet could have a "shade-off" competition.
Trump is the Golden Tool. Of course he wouldn’t care for the golden rule! @comey
Mr. Mueller, millions of us support you and have the greatest respect for you. With that said, how much longer must we bear up under this President who is proving to be untrustworthy, most likely treasonous and harmful to millions of us.I got a bad case of the Drumpf blues. Help!
HahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahHahahahahahHaurajokehahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahHagofuckurselfhahahahahahahahahaurtrumpsbitchahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
The scam artists are riper than ever, M. It cannot carry on so.
Wow! I love your tweets! Spot on without naming names!
Run! Please! We need men of good will and deep intellect! Thanks for all you have given to date!
So would you be the enabler of immorality by making an exception in the HRC investigation?
Forget about H she lost & not significant. But you guys always have to have an enemy. There are many tyrants  you could put your negative energy into
It's not about HRC. But by not following procedures, it's another step in politicizing the FBI.  Which will have longer term consequences.
How about the procedure of of making predators outcasts?  He’s still president. It’s over.
Or preventing predators from being president in the future (so avoid another Clinton or JFK too).  The only procedure really is a free full media.  Then the people decide.  and live with their choice.

I live for your shade. 
Loves me some True American Jimbo!
Meee too! 
I nick-named him Shade City. I think the real Slim Shady would approve…@Eminem
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
We have no moral fiber left anymore Mr. Comey. Please consider running for a leadership position soon.

Crook!
Grade A Shade!
When are you going to listen to your bosses (the American people and the president) and stop wasting our tax dollars on your farce of an investigation? Or are you going to follow the collusion by the Clinton campaign with the Russians and get indictments? Waiting.
Your shade tweeting is my favorite thing on Twitter.  Thank you.
What is shade tweeting?
Not this...this is shade walking.
Hahahaha that got a belly laugh out of me!

.@Comey is running a masters-level class on A+ subtweeting
“The essence of immorality is the tendency to make an exception of myself.” Jane Addams (1860-1935)
Not really. He’s just continuing to shade his own lack of ethics and morals.
Aren’t you guys going to prison?
Coney the clown 
Why is Jeff Sessions immune to perjury for lying about Russian meetings?
COMEY FOR PRESIDENT
Oh heck no!!!
Comey for Prison you mean?
That’s what he meant to say 
A better president
a liar talks about immortality.  right!
Yo dude you broke the FBI rules against messing in an election 90 days out, and also about commenting on cases you decline to prosecute. Even Hoover never dared violate these rules. You’re no hero and you’re no martyr. Retreat from public life in shame.

No, we aren't.
Wow... how appropriate that statement is today!

You're awesome.
These quips and quotes are the "essence" of what led you astray the 1st time.  Honor and DUTY to office? Paramount. You forgot that James.
You're taking me to church with your optics..thank you
#ComeyismyHomey
Troll level: Epic
Yep!!!!   Love this guy.
#QAnon #FTWR
Trump will side with Russia against our own intelligence agencies if he thinks he might personally benefit. Trump will side with a man who has molested young teens if he thinks he will benefit. Trump lacks morality. Period.
Hey Comey, you sold your soul to the witch HRC!
Words of wisdom
. #JEdgarHoover 's @FBI @FBILosAngeles opining about immorality is like #BernieMadoff opining about fiduciary responsibility - keep obstructing justice to protect your white racist infested US police force  #AMDG
Huh...
A man who sold out his country for power & money on twitter tweeting sayings from a SOCIALIST PROGRESSIVE about morality! 
NOW THAT’S RICH...
Seeing the responses, it's clear some of your followers lack both the intellect and the education to understand this. Keep sharing @Comey
“The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in times of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality.” 
― Dante Alighieri
@realDonaldTrump only makes an exception for golf....Guessin' his immortality is screwed.
Coming from a known liar and opportunist.
 "There's something wrong with your character if opportunity controls your loyalty"
that quote truly fits you
We need a modern Clarence Darrow to take down Trump, who is leading ignorance. https://www.aclu.org/other/aclu-history-scopes-monkey-trial … via @aclu
Losing you was tragic.  America lost big time.
Peter Strzok disagrees. #PeterStrzok
hitting close to home?
“We do all investigations by the book, unless your name is Hillary Clinton”
This is perfect
"Immorality, no less than morality, has at all times found support in religion."~Sigmund Freud
That is frighteningly true.
This is why I follow you. Inspirational, uplifting, intelligent
when you tweet, twitter is neat.
Love, love, Love!
Adventure, excitement... a Jedi craves not these things. ~Silent Bob 1995
Thank you Jane Addams, well said. RIP.  T.U. JAMES COMEY !!
Tight intellectual burn... Hope Kelly can explain it to Trump with pictures...
JC, the King of Shade. And I don't mean Jesus Christ PBUH.
Beautifully selected.  Thank you.
Oh that’s particularly good!
Another HOT burn from James "the man" Comey.
Trumps lawyer is basically admitting that POTUS abstruction of justice, when he said that the president can intervene in any legal matter because he is top law enforcer, sounds like a dictatorship. WOW !
Don Jr is now abstructing justice by claiming he doesn't have to answer questions regarding he's conversation with potus about trump tower meeting.



Can you still save us? Asking for a country who loves and hates you.  It isn’t personal.  It’s business.
We also might be scared to death. So there’s that.
Another similarish vantage point:
“For every King is right in his own eyes and rests the blame to whoever he wishes to carry it.” 
― Auliq Ice
You're wasting MASTER SHADE on someone who WOULDN'T EVEN GET IT, SIR!!
Thank you 
Can I please help with any future campaign you might launch?
He's going to be needing a file to break out of jail , you in ?
How the hell did you make head of the FBI?
'people of the lie' by f.scott peck.
 you'll understand your own echo/heart...
Merits or by any means ?
Interesting coming from you
G, I wonder if I can figure out who you’re talking about?  
Do you hear that Fat Elvis?
@Comey 
Keeping it classy
Do you tweet this stuff with a straight face and no sense of irony?
Have anyone inparticular in mind?
Have a great Thanksgiving.
You made lots of exceptions for yourself by hedging your bets on #HillaryClinton
You're truly an inspiration, Sir!  You inspire me everyday. Please know that you are loved and highly respected! Lordy, you’re a very handsome badass! 
He’s married yo
If only the Evangelicals understood their hypocrisy but it’s lost in their ignorance
Your such a fake
I love your quotes. They are relevant and quite well said.
Lawyer up!!
except for that time when your callous actions would aid in the complete breakdown of a just and fair election because you topped the scale.
Nailed it!
As in how Trump and his Republican buddies can sexually assault girls and women with impunity, oh an by the way our accusers are all liars, but the women who accuse Democrats or liberals of the exact same thing should immediately be believed.
The essence of immorality is for Donald Trump to make a spectacle of himself.
You tweet of others.  But will anyone every tweet of you....
...all the meanwhile the *actual* lawyers for trump r so stupid, the discuss the case at lunch next to NYT bldg in DC & are caught on tape. 

"i only hire the BEST people!" - orange turd
Yeah. I aspire to do that. Somehow.
Is that a guilty conscience talking?
You have the gift of poetic delivery but it does not forgive your bias treatment of HRC. You made an exception of the rules that changed the course of our country. Look at what your essence of immorality wrought upon us. Right yourself and end Trump's wrath.
What a perfect quote, sir. Thank you for sharing it with us.
Is that what you do to redeem yourself? Find some quotations. 

Go away!
I wouldn't be mad if you ran for potus 2020 
I’d vote for him.
You always throws the BEST shade lolol
I looked up immoral it had your picture. You’re a crook
I beg your pardon. Explain it, or apologize. It seems you don't know anything about me.
The trolls are out in force tonight!  No worries....they’ll all be blocked.
But not an a..
You got it, Happy Thanksgiving........!!!!!!!, for you and family.
It is because of you where we are today in America you're a traitor,  Obstructionist, N ow yes like the river runs the water will flow directly to you
Therefore amorality is fairer.
I just love you Mr Comey! Keep on Sir you're doing an excellent job. It's nice to see #Truth #Honor #Bravery #Values #Morals still exist 
Ha ha ha. All you are with Her !! FBI corruption
Great quote..pretty sure it went over the heads of all Trumpkins & FOX viewers though! #TrumpkinsUseSlowLane #Trumpidity #AlabamaPedophileSanctuary

That’s Pete Souza-level shade right there.
Troll level EXPERT.
Like, say, when an FBI director abuses his bully pulpit to chastise a candidate while hiding an ongoing investigation of her opponent?
And you have shown yourself to be exceptional though your integrity & service.
The Hyprocrite Speaks!!!
I like you Jimbo, I really do.  Except for that one thing you did.  That was bad.

Interesting as to who retweeted this...
Amén
You, @AGSchneiderman, and Mueller are modern day superheroes for saving the planet from climate change and sociopathic oligarchs. I have a feeling your Clinton confession wouldn’t have mattered based on @mikefarb1’s work on #unhackthevote.
subtweet king, I bow to your awesomeness
Yes!
Thank you James ........Happy Thanksgiving :)
Timeless and Terrific.
