This statue is so impressive in person.  very moving.
I love these comeyisms.
Please we need action soon. It's so hard being patient while Trump and the GOP take down our country. Typically I can be a perseverant person, this is so hard.
It isn't God's will that we build walls against each other, yet we have those who claim to serve his will, advocating divisions.
Indictment time!
I love that Comey is a GIF!
@seanhannity @realDonaldTrump U OUGHT TO TAKE THAT ADVISE AND CONFESS!! "Your CORRUPT DECISIONS AFFECTED & STILL ARE AFFECTING MILLIONS OF TRUE AMERICANS! JST SAYIN!! COME CLEAN!
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
The most beautiful statue ever!!!
Rallying the black folk for the resistance eh Comrade Commie, I mean Comey.
Like when we found out you're a lying traitor?!
So true. Like a domino affect.
Lady Justice is on her way. I hope our courts hold

Yeah, well, you're affecting me and I don't like it or your best friend Bob Mueller.
I’m still amazed that a private citizen can have more wisdom than our president.
My 10-year-old nephew has more wisdom than the president...
I have more wisdom than the president. Just enough to know with all the wisdom I possess, it's still not enough to be a US president. Or maybe that's just respect for the office. Trump has neither.
I wish you would run for President. <3
You should apologize to all of us for sabotaging Hillary and for hiding the trump/Russia investigation in 2016. Then do penance and get out of public life
How was your independent, honest #FBI in its treatment of King when he was alive, before he was safely carved in marble?
House of cards.  You're in deep Jim...really deep.
Hilarious. The Twitter In Chief is the one going down!
Uranium One will sink the ship  We no longer allow lawlessness for the select few.
Uranium One is a debunked conspiracy theory. Fox hosts & several conservative writers have called it fake news. There’s a very good reason AG Sessions hasn’t opened an Inv. He would love to go after HRC, but there’s no evidence of a crime.
Everytime there's a problem MLK's is alive.  Let him RIP
Glad to see the work you'd started is continuing on with hopefully the first of many positive results.
Im suprised, Trump hasnt said, he needs a statue!
Don't insult MLK by using him to try to justify what you did !
Get ready to fight, folks. Hard. Trump will try to take out Mueller. Hold the line.

Sshh! Grown folks are talking.
Fact1: You don't know anyone's age. Fact2: It's referred to as Tweeting.
Oh well, I guess you told me. .
It happens...no hard feelings.
That was sarcasm...
Exactly.
Then your lies are dragging us all down the swamp hole with you!!!
We saw this wonderful monument last year.  Thanks for reminding me where our loyalty should be.
with yur permit I will use this quote  as a comunity pillar
It is not nice to try to rape the memory of a MLK stature James...

Stating that you still decided to be deceitful and go with the flow on HRC team. She's using you buddy. Glad you wrote your book. But it's all a fantasy. Wake up Comey. Switch teams and save yourself. Do you really think she gives a damn about you?
Beautiful quote! #ComeyDay I’m still standing with Comey!
hope you are enjoying your new freedom...breathing as you have not been able to in decades.
Ask not for whom the Bell tolls it tolls for.....

Best @Comey subtweet yet.

Preach, Bro!!!
Well said Sir!
Speaking of garments, I'm sending all my relatives a "Lordy" T-shirt for Christmas this year. We love the famous line and the man who uttered it. Thank you!
I saw the statue of Dr.MLKJr. in D.C. a few years ago..why isn’t he a handsome “black”man with his arms warmly opened and a gentle smile on his face...this statue does not capture the true nature of this Great American Hero#MAGA
Why did  Loretta Lynch meet w/ Bill Clinton on the  tarmacWhy did you present clear Evidence that Hillary violated abused destroyed and recklessly used private email acctto receive confidential USA docs.?What are you hiding#MAGA
I beg of you.  Please consider politics.  Either party needs you.
Stay strong Mr. Comey. Gods in control!
Thanks to ur cover ups of the Swamp

Did Putin just promise Trump that he would kill his enemies?
@Comey-MLK quote?
Good to see you JC.
Good to hear from you, sir. Could always use intelligent conversation & input on Twitter. Americans salute you for your service to our country. 
Hey Homey... Where Ya Been?  Getting some #MuellerTime ?  We can only hope!
The Web of Life....
Yes the One is You gave Hillary, Lynch, Rice, Powers a pass you compromised our Democracy & Our Safety all to cover your butt
So that is Why Attorney General Kennedy & FBI Chief wiretapped MLK. But why was President Trump's phone calls to Foreign Presidents were Wiretapped.!
The FBI has some interesting info on him, which I am sure you are aware of.
You made me happy and mad... I'm no expert but I always thought you were doing what you thought was right...
Maybe ypu should write a book of quotes while ypure in prison
Drinking again?
MLK is my heroso please don't hate on me for this joke, but every time I see his statue I can't forget this picture I saw online years ago
That is so true!
Speak for yourself about all being together in one garment.  Some choose the clothes they wear and tie their own shoes.
Like the young girl that you allowed to be harassed by Weiner in your efforts to help Hillary? She was affected BIGLY! That affects us all!
Absolutely, Karma.  "What goes around, comes around."
We are all one.
I’m offended by the statue!
His Freedom March from Alachua to Gainesville embodied that piece of wisdom. As did the dangers of the day.
Reality is rhizomal.
Thanks for the Google fodder.
Wo. My mind is blown. Welcome to Twitter.
Which is why this Canadian is part of the US Resistance to mob run government!!
Do U always talk like that - mr fun 
Wrong, we are finally being led back to the American way, the vision of our Founding Fathers! The vision that no other country could see & implement resulting in the greatest country on earth! They preferred God to be our example of a good & decent nation, but did not force it!
YOU should know. ..sorry that U were 1 of D first casualties on D road 2 hell, er "inescapable network of mutuality"..hope garmnt is strng
Blah blah blah. How about I love America and its people.
Very true.
Except one side has been on the "direct" (aka receiving) end for several centuries, while those affected indirectly remain largely unchanged
So true. Speaks to our situation ere as well.
Only you effected someone directly, hence effecting a whole nation. How's it going for you? This past year has been an unholy horror show.
now that's your a private citizen what's your take on this?
America has been kidnapped by the World Mob #TrumpRussia 
Read...
http://www.citjourno.org/page-1 
that you're, sorry 4 typo
Didn't newly released FBI documents relating to JFK assassination label MLK a serial philanderer?
You sure your new handle isn't "commie"?
Reciprocity is the glue that holds society together. Something too often forgotten.
Such a true statement especially now!
dt is trying to be a dictator!

Does that mean we’re all piled into the same straight jacket ?
God bless you Jim Comey!
Too bad, Mr Comey, you regret abetting lies & hate & fears that brought us here. Too bad you can't undo what you helped wrought.
"The dossier also alleges that King had a proclivity for orgies – and that the frisky revelries even took place at..
This so true now as then.The very fabric of the American people and our resolve is being tested every day.I hope that the GOOD in us shines.
One of my favorite monuments in dc. A true inspirational leader!
This man was & is a hero 4 all Americans. He fought 4 us all regardless of color.
Seriously this post hallmarks deep state mutual ties keeping each other’s backs! Wow! 
Unfortunately, this garment seems is more and more like a straight jacket!
We are all affected negatively by the election of Trump
1. Healthcare
2. Education
3. Constitution
4. Good regulations
I needed Hillary!
A quote you obviously live by, another way to say it, intended & unintended consequences, we never do something that only affects the target
So glad you've re-joined Twitter!
Today I am feeling indirectly directly affected by #Gunviolence #NotTooSoon #GunControlNow
Now if we can only get everyone to agreed on this point!


You should have remembered this before you took it upon yourself to smear Hillary. One wonders would you have taken on DT the same? Or no?
One man's "inescapable network of mutuality" is another man's 'conspiracy'
He also talked about content of character. Funny how you didn't mention that. All your HSBC buddies are being rounded up in SA as we speak.
Welcome! Look forward to your voice!
Untie me. 

Am I being detained?
Question, what is your take on MLK file with 1994 cover letter doing in released JFK files?
Well said! Glad to have your voice
SO true!
That is an accurate statement of Darwinian evolution.  Those that don't adapt perish into historical relevance!
Folks like Bannon, #Mercer are furiously chopping away at those ties. Ripping the fabric of our society apart. In order to consolidate power

The new Saudi Anti-Corruption Committee established today arrests several Princes & Fmr. Ministers - AlArabia
https://twitter.com/alarabiya_brk/status/926911247483854848 …

Hmm..Except it's like we are strapped to a suicide bomber who can conveniently weasel out of the situation.
This affects your kids future Comey. How could you lower yourself to their level? Other books will trump yours bcs they are filled w/lies.
You effected me with you dishonesty. I argue with my husband about you and your pals. And we never used to argue.
Nice to hear from you Mr Director!
Message received. Trump and his entire good squad are going down together. #MuellerIsComing
why was this statue carved by a Chinese American (not sure of the American part) and not an African American? USA has many talented artists.
@realDonaldTrump 
Very inspiring from #MLK excellent! 
Amen brother.
Such wise words !
In that case, Hillary,Lynch,Obama,Soros will all be indicted?? No?? The network of mutuality serves your own self interest,and Comey's.
Network of legal jeopardy, tied in prison stripes and orange jumpsuits, some behind bars and others visiting.
My one year old son has more wisdom than the president and he can’t even talk yet
That is actually a great quote.  http://justicewell.com/normal 

agreed 100%
Is it a coincidence that James Coomey posted a Twitter profile picture the same day Robert Mueller unsealed the first set of indictments?
Agree, we are all tied together like cabooses to trains. We can't buy cheap stuff from China & provide jobs in America. All decisions matter
Truer words were never spoken! Those that tell me "you're from Canada, mind your own politics" need to see this! #dotard affects the world 
“The choice is not between violence and nonviolence but between nonviolence and nonexistence.” Rev Dr Martin Luther King Jr
WaHoo!!!!  Hello Mr. Comey we've missed you!!!
Good lord, this is satire, right?
... Especially letters that hand presidential elections to the devil.
George h w bush signed diversity visa program!
Richard simi’s lol

It seems many can't comprehend this. It's an us vs them mentality and I know I don't have to explain any further.
The sycophantic responses to your attempts to shroud yourself, yet again, in piety, shows a desperate need to cultivate critical thinking.
"One good teacher in a lifetime, may change a delinquent into a solid citizen." -Philip Wylie.
Tell me how you feel?
I mean not be, why don't they just take the oath and get on board? I just don't get people like that. I guess they are just Dreamers...
Okay, so if someone has been thoroughly vetted, for years in some cases. Would you not think it would be weird for them to just be citizens?

Try explaining that to MAGATs
Trump could read and reread this twenty times, still wouldn't comprehend 
You mean like a huge Aids Quilt? Maybe that's why we all feel like we've been fucked in the ass by the FBI.
Childish even in defeat. How did they ever let you run a large agency. Just shows how it’s really a #swamp
Like releasing bogus EM nonsense while sitting on real Russia danger to US . Nice one.
I would love to know what you know. Lol. As a human being, that would be intense.
What would YOU know about being "ethical"???
There was no need to sabotage Hilllary at the last minute with more email BS if you weren’t going to do the same with Trump/Russia.
2. I know you agonized over it, but it was the wrong decision and was a big part of why she lost.  Trump/Russia eeas the real investigation.
And when the affect snares HilLIARy, it'll snare you too.
Were they going for the "Han Solo"look with this statue? Sorry, I like it, but it is a smidge familiar.
Felonious leaker is awake again.Just like Clinton they can't be out of the spot light because the love the fame! Good for us, that only reminds us justice will be served on them as the sunlight continues to shine on the new @FBI McCabe will be gone in a month! Comey w/b indicted!
BRIBED 2 cover up all the Clinton Cabal wrongdoing?
She slipped when she concocted the "Russia Narrative'
Now #UrnaiumOne fair game.STUNNING
I will be blocked, because DEMS can't take feedback!
You are all that is wrong with America and our injustice system. You politicized the agency to protect criminals that were democrats! You targeted conservatives & had the nerve to act sanctimonisly proud of yourself! We saw a coward & corrupt unqualified tarnish on FBI instead.
"Love lift us up where we belong...!" God Bless!
Chaos theory; A butterfly flapping its wings in Washington can cause a hurricane in.. .the rest of the world; equally it can settle a storm!
ha! cool statue... Arnold was the best.

"wutchu talkin' bout, Willis?"
Did you have a good Monday sir?
Elegant, powerful, thought provoking dignified leadership.  This world needs exactly this right now.  Thank you Jim Comey.
Are you referring to you not charging crooked Hillary. You have ruined the reputation of the FBI
We are in the straitjacket of humanity together. For better or worse. And may the better of us thwart the worst.
An ego, constantly needing rewards from an artificial peer group, is nothing and evaporates into history. 

He faced it down. Will you?
He's brave. Nothing about the Clinton crime cartel is brave at all. It's just another Tammany Hall. 

People REMEMBER Malcolm X.
Trying telling the republicans that, who see everything as a zero-sum game.
Yes, injustice anywhere is injustice everywhere..
You ran an agency that tried to convince this man to kill himself.
did you hide behind a garment of destiny when potus walked by?
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/10/wow-tony-podesta-threatened-tucker-carlson-revealing-central-figure-mueller-probe/ … #PodestaBrothers #PodestaGroup ##RussiaCollusion #Corruption #Collusion #Clinton  #Mueller #UraniumOne #ClosingIn

Leaking helps
Thanks for the list:-)
Jim, you turned the FBI into a hack agency. You are corrupt, incompetent and untruthful. You should get a job teaching at a college.
"When there is crime in the land, there is no justice." - Plato
Thanks for your contribution.
