You will FOREVER be know as a TRAITOR to the United States.
And yet another injection of #Botox in that forehead James.
Fool
Tell me some more of your fav bible scriptures 
Jail time is coming soon Comey
If she’s 50 then.....
look like your mother, but maybe it is the grey.
Is that your mom or your wife ?!?
Happy Birthday Mrs. Comedy. Your husband is a ROCK STAR!
Not only in USA, but also in Europe (in my case: Holland) many people sympathize with you and wish you a happy life. You are blessed that you have a beloved one next and near to you. Stay healthy and always speak truth to power!
I would like to thank you for understanding our American dilemma.
Sharing the personal side of you & the love of your life is awesome & Many Happy Birthday wishes are sent her way!
Happy Birthday and thank you for sharing your husband with us. You two are adorable
I hope she gets cancer.
I'm sorry I ever followed you @JLSdeplorable 

Comments like this are disgusting and un-called for, regardless of political party.   

Be part of the solution, not the problem.
You are an inspiration and an example to what a real man is. Thank you so much. You are who our children should be looking up to. Thanks James, thanks so much for being good and trying to be even better.
... And a woman who champions the cause of vulnerable children.  Much respect and admiration.
Hope you had a FAB birthday, Mrs. Comey!
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?

Is there a file in that cake? 
Great picture of you and your grandmother.
Onion rings are the best & my favorite too!!! Your wife has great taste, I’m going to add a cosmo to my next order of onion rings, yum!
Say good bye... If the allegations are true about you you won't be home for next birthday.
Oh that s right, you have alot of time on your hands these days. You were FIRED. You ruined the F.B.I., so, are you going to be named in the memo?  Can t wait to see......tell us something, was Hillary worth it???
Is this your mom?
Happy belated birthday to her our great mama
The measure of a good man is not just the good bestowed on friends and family bu that he attempts to reach out to those he disagrees with and find common ground , he comes with an open mind to help unify and solve problems for all- I believe in you James Comey

Lucky lady!
Is that your mother or your wife?  I can’t tell. You look like your 30.  She’s 50?  Seriously confused.
Happy Birthday, Patrice! Best wishes 
She should color her hair, looks like your mother. Only found out she is yiur wife from comments. But beauty is in the eye of the beholder so do you.
WOW U LOOK LIKE HER TOO....IT'S UNCANNY!
Sucking souls!
Perfect date
Happy Birthday to a lucky woman to have a man with such integrity....and a million more  such birthdays to the.
Happy Birthday to you Mrs. Comey Good health, joy and happiness! Cheers 
You are a rock star,
Happy Birthday Mrs. Failor!

P.S. she didn't take his name ya dorks but I thinks she gets it.
Looking incredibly relaxed sir!  Good for you.  And Happy Belated Mrs. Comey.
You are a lovely couple, stay strong.
Incredibly beautiful couple.
Bless you both and happy birthday to your lovely wife. So glad to see you both so happy.
You rock. Great picture.  God bless you.
Thank you for your integrity and honesty!!!
Beautiful love between the two of you. The pic certainly reflects it. Happy Birthday to the Mrs.
Lucky woman!
So nice to see you smile, Sir. I have admired you and your efforts for years.
You look so young and happy in this picture with your love!  Thanks for your service to the US and your integrity.
She has good taste! Happy Birthday!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BLESSINGS \O/
Happy birthday mrs. Comey
Lucky lady!
Happy birthday day real woman 50 and you’re shining
One of the best memories of the FBI Academy was standing next to James Comey and seeing how short I really am. Great leader passionate about improving law enforcement leadership.
Enjoy it, Comey. Can't say you'll be thr for her
next birthday. I see an ORANGE JUMPSUIT
in your future. YOU have brought DISGRACE
to this COUNTRY, THE FBI AND JUSTICE 4 ALL!
Mr. Comey, you really are my homey! COMEY KASICH 20/20. please?
Happy Birthday Mrs Comey!!
Yay! I can finally put a face to Patrice. A beautiful but more importantly, wise woman!
Oh thank you, I knew there had to be the engine behind a great man. Hello Mrs Comey, How nice to"see meet " you
Love both of you.
is that comeys mom?
You look so fake together, is that your mom?
She looks so sweet! Happy day.
She has the same birthday as me!
Give my regards to your mother, it that alcohol in that glass?
Except an HQ Special
Cute!
Happy Birthday 
Can anybody spot Waldo in this photo.  Hint.. name starts with a C and doesn't end in a T.
50?
منورين استاذ
Or you in a prison cell for lying under oath
Belated birthday greetings! That’s my brother’s birthday, too, possibly the same year.
I feel sorry for this beautiful woman who lives with a weak man.

Loan your wife your Grecian formula why don't you?
Who is That? Your mom?
The birthday present came a little late.....
How do you wrap RELIEF?
Must need a lot of wrapping paper, as I'm sure after all that time of anticipation & stress, RELIEF has grown to an enormous size.
Hope you found a bow big enough
Almost over
Hang in there
Congratulations
Thanks
I thought she was your mother...For goodness sakes, buy her a box of hair dye!
You guys are too adorable. Please share some throwback pics 
Ahahahaha
You both look happy!
Happy Birthday!!
Fu
Tell your mom I said hi
You guys are so great! Happy Birthday, Mrs. Comey.
She is very lucky to have you. And you are very lucky to have her. Have a happy birthday. Sorry for your stressful life. We all wish you well and happiness.
Happy Birthday I turned 50 and I am a Scorpio too!!! Yay!
She reminds me of an old friend of mine.  You two look good together.
Well Happy Late Birthday... My B~day just passed on the 26th..
Thanks for having integrity sir and happy birthday to the mrs!  Have a cosmo for me! Enjoy the clean conscience right!  u two earned it!
Beautiful couple!
Is that your mom?
This is lovely 
I like it.
Okay you two are in my club...Onion Rings...yeah baby ( cliché)
Sounds disgusting but to each her own!
Happy Birthday!
You look so happy and at peace. 
Congratulations on finishing another trip around the sun.  Hope your next trip is a BLAST!
Happy Birthday to the love of your life!!
Gotta Have A Cake, Happy Birthday Mrs Comey
May the Lord bless you and your family Amen 
You are a GOOD man @Comey! Thank YOU for all you have done for us, our country and all you continue to do!

You and your wife have the same height difference as me and my husband.  I'm 5-4, he's 6-8.  And the only thing we want to know is, where do you find pants?  It's a serious problem!
Happy Belated Birthday Mrs Comey
You both look so completely & genuinely happy!
GOOD MORNING BIG BIRD.
Know I'm tad late in my BIRTHDAY wishes to your beautiful wife, but I always CELEBRATE so month.  Super cute picture and love the menu!! You look so relaxed and WELL deserved.
well you should honor her with a good confession about uranium, think about her James...
a belated but sincere, happy birthday mrs. comey.
Perfect combination.
She shares my bUrPy- what a great gal!  You’re both great!
HAPPIEST OF BIRTHDAYS FROM MONTANA!
Happy Birthday
Glad my soul will never be as corrupt as yours.
Belated happy birthday to your wife.
Why drag your wife into this #CrookedComey
Happy Birthday   Mrs Comey! 

All the Best, to both of you! 
I thought you had a suit permanently tattooed on you
is that your mother?
Thank you for your ethics, morals, courage, and Patriotism.
nice pic
You guys are adorable. Whenever I need a pick-me-up, I Google the picture of you trying to avoid Trump by morphing into a curtain. Happy belated birthday to your lovely wife! You're lucky to have each other. Keep up the good fight! 
I like my onion rings a bit less hard and dry (matter of individual taste), but the Cosmo...perfection!
Happy Birthday
I can understand putting the needs of our better half first, but it's reasonable to draw that line at umbrella drinks to accompany our fried food. A man has to be a man.
Nothing like the right soulmate! Finding her and keeping her in your life, Brother!
does she lie and deceive as much as you??  you're quite a pair!
Happy belated Birthday  
Good photo of the Comey's.
What a beautiful couple, thank you for sharing. Happy Birthday to the lovely lady who is the love of your life.
#RelationshipGoals  Happy Birthday Mrs. Comey.
as long as you make each other happy, your world is a paradise.
@kdanbaybe our mans has a twitter now
omg i forgot about him tbh
Happy Birthday Mrs. Comey! Thanks for letting Mr.Comey testify and play on Twitter!
Are the onion rings homemade? If so, please share recipe.
Love my BFF!!! Glad you are still using the birthday glass!! Love you  Such a wonderful couple!!!
What  looks like, not the slap of hand that's been places we know & know everything. No trust of the Am people, world leaders nor your bought & paid for wife. World stage embarrassments @POTUS @VP who calls his wife, 'mother.' Dysfunctional WH @SenSanders  @SenJohnMcCain
Only duty to my country separates me from my family but not for dinner with an octopus. Happy birthday Mrs JC...
So cool.
Aww. Happy birthday!
Woman after my own heart, I once asked my husband if we could leave the spa with 5 star restaurant and grab some Wendy's on the way home.
Hello to you both from Maplewood Newcomers days!
Happy Belated Birthday
You two are adorable! Happy Birthday!
Howdy.....Doody.
I salute you Mr @Comey and Happy Birthday to Your better half. Words can never describe what a lifetime of Patriotism you stand tall for. Literally.
Beautiful!
HOW CAN YOU STAND THERE WITH YOUR WIFE WITH A BIG SECRET HANGING OVER YOUR HEAD. HOW MUCH DID YOU GET PAID TO LIE? GOD IS WATCHING YOU, AND IF YOU HAVE INFO, YOU NEED TO SHARE IT!
You look so rested and so very happy.  Happy birthday to your wife Patrice. 
Happy belated
nice, it's my birthday too and I'm planning to have a glass of wine later
That's pure Love ♡♡♡♡♡ 
 Happy Birthday!
Happy birthday to her! 50 & fabulous, for sure! Cheers!
I thought howdy doody was the love of your life?
Tots adorbs! Happy belated birthday!
Enjoy!
Good for you！salute to the guard of the US Constitution
Jealous.
Happy birthday
I know what you did James Comey
This is so sweet! Makes me want to get married just for few seconds...
Happy Birthday Mrs!! 
You are a WEIRD bird.....
Who's that HRC
Lovely, lovey picture of you both.  Happy Birthday!
