What did Fox News, Breitbart News, and Alex Jones say he did? I don’t know. I haven’t watched in.....EVER.
Your perspective is jaded. If he was the type to “shoot off his mouth” as you say, we’d all have known about Trump’s treasonous treachery in time to prevent his election. Comey knew about Christopher Steele’s dossier, but said nothing.
Also, your habit of quoting pompous crap like this goes back a long time. You have no higher thoughts of your own, you sad fraud.
You need to stay home. There is not an American out there that would ever trust anything you have to say. You are as dirty as they come.
News Flash:  YOU don't speak for all Americans...
I speak for at least half of them. The other half are not able to think clearly.
You speak for no one but yourself.
Oh. It’s you again. You speak with your fingers and I’ll speak with mine. I don’t care if you disagree with me so go on to someone else that might care.
I'll say what I want to whom I want....feel free to block me if you don't like it...sorry you can't handle the truth, but you speak only for yourself.
Unless the name is Clinton! Then CuckComey will let you off!
Why did your FBI drop the ball on FL HS shooter and many more shooters? If you want to talk safety, lets start by keeping citizens safe by keeping wolves away from innocent people, especially kids! You're a FRAUD!!
Joe DiGenova calls your memos the #ComeyNurembergMemos. Why? Just like the Nazis' meticulous records were used against them to try them for War Crimes at #Nuremberg your #ComeyMemos will be used to prosecute you. It's really genius, must listen:
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
Voici le numéro de l'association AJDUN

You do not have the integrity to polish Jackson's shoes
Thank you for the inspirational quotes. As an attorney it concerns me that he is appointing incompetent people to federal judgeships.
No Jim. [T]he citizen's safety lies in the Constitution and the rule of law. But peep like u try 2 circumvent both, & so the citizen is no longer protected. As 4 ur smarter-than-thou tweets, I wonder how that god complex of urs will do in jail. #GrossNegligence @realDonaldTrump
no evidence that comey circumvented the rule of law.
“no reasonable proesecutor” would gave proceeded with the “gross negligence” angle in the *draft*. here’s why:
u defend Comey with a link to politico?  Why not cite scripture from Hillary's book, Obama's memoir's and Saul Alinsky's Rules for Radicals while you're at it.
ad hominem logical fallacy. (middle school critical thinking stuff; you should be embarrassed.) deal with the substance of the info in the article.
It's not to the man, it, however, was sarcastic. Politico? No bias there.
That wasn’t even an ad hominem, even if it was a logical mistake (HINT: not a mistaken in reason to cite past mistakes as discrediting, bc you’re counting on the sources credibility for your point).
Citing past mistakes is irrelevant, especially when the *actual argument* is  completely ignored. Even
“[E]vidence that the source of a claim is likely to be wrong is not evidence against the claim...this is the essential feature of the ad hominem fallacy.[10]
“...attacking the character or circumstances of an individual who is advancing a statement or an argument **instead of seeking to disprove the truth of the statement or the soundness of the argument.* 
http://philosophy.lander.edu/logic/person.html …

https://twitter.com/mattyglesias/status/960194008319488002 …
YOU do not/never did serve the law NOR the good citizens of America......YOU  should stand up and bare all .....The DUTY to disclose knowledge of crime rests upon ALL citizens
Perfect quote for current situation 
Nuremberg prosecutor, very appropriate given America’s President right now. #TrumpAmericanHitler
then why don't we allow charges against our government officials who commit crimes against humanity (absolute immunity)?  We just made one of them our Ambassador to Religious Freedom.
I think you meant FICTIONAL PURPOSES ......oh that's right - that applied to you and your puppets in 2016....every dog has their day
This is rich coming from someone who seemingly committed perjury in front of the Federal Court!
Comey, wrong again. Quotes don't make reasoning correct. It only makes positions sound pretty. American safety is with God the father of our Lord Jesus Christ and in him Christians trust! Americans shouldn't trust in government ... Look at your abuse of power guilt! Traitorous!
#ReleaseTheMemo
But not if the prosecutor does NOT serve the law and only serves factional purposes.  Then we ain't safe.  Also corrupt FBI directors like James Comey doesn't provide us with safety either.
#ReleaseTheMemo The Treason is like nothing this country has ever seen. We are not a banana republic. #LawAndOrder. And stop funding the lying media. Their propaganda is not working! Sir you perjurer yourself on national TV
Unfortunately, a prosecutor like that does not seem to exist, and I do not know if it ever did.
But not the prosecutor who does NOT serve the law.  Or the corrupt FBI director either.
What?..since that write..all things are coming-up to serious worry within the splattered mis-thinking..the recent past is the past.
#ReleaseTheMemo
James Comey; disgraced political huckster turned philosophical cornball while awaiting trial.
the only thing safe with Sessions is the Keebler elves secret recipe.
That is an outright lie and you know it. Prosecutors routinely use false evidence and bribed witnesses to secure convictions...and they argue for the maximum possible sentence regardless of a defendant's guilt or innocence.
Funny you mention Jackson, whose Supreme Court colleagues all lambasted him for participating in the Nuremberg Trials.
NUREMBERG DEFENCE....THE IDIOT ERKEL INDIFFRENCE DEFENCE!
He never met you.
Yes we see who the lawyers are, clinton supporters! How stupid you think we are?? You are the misinformed!bias, greed, corruption!! Live with it!
Unfortunately, you were supposed to be unbiased in your previous position. Too bad you weren't. You have single-handedly soiled the reputation of the FBI director's office. It's going to take quite a few honorable directors to regain the trust of the people.
Too bad you did not heed those words yourself.
A prosecutor is someone you bring a case to Mr, Comey.
Where was this quote when you were investigating @HillaryClinton ? You cannot with a straight face and a conscience say that you were  percent morally and ethically honest in every word you spoke!  #Hypocrite @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods @dbongino #MAGA 
lol you're funny. Lynch told you! Call it a matter ! You did
you sick SOB. You are FBI, not the PROSECUTOR.
What a hoot! Lol...where are these mythical prosecutors of which you speak? I only know one honorable (ex) prosecutor...Trey Gowdy. DNA analysis leading to exoneration illustrates how corrupt many of them are.
Did you study Goebbels Propaganda after writing Hillary's exoneration before all evidence collected? Or was it after you explained for 20 minutes all the reasons Hillary should have been indicted, but you made the Attorney General's decision to exonerate? don't trust u 4 anything
So does not sound like you
The citizens safety lies with the citizen - especially when the chief prosecutor meets with the ex president and husband to a Secretary of State who is haplessly investigated by keystone FBI agents who never take physical control of evidence and grant immunity incompetently
...said the guy who was joined at the hip with Mueller and the Clinton's, weaponized the FBI for democrats, and deliberately let SecState off when he knew she leaked classified information off a private server contrary to law. You are nothing but a lap dog for the Clinton's.
We have a high level agent admitting there was a meeting in McCabe’s office & talking about an insurance policy in case Trump wins!? He also admitted he love Clinton whom he helped exonerate & HATED Trump and supporters!! You/ he changed wording to let HC off. Ins. Pol. Russia?
RT if you think the FBI should investigate Fox News.
Right and HRC had NO INTENT??? That’s not your job to determine that?? Guess u should give back ur degree to univ of Chicago! Cause I’m pretty sure they didn’t teach that! So u had the facts and failed to prosecute! It appears u failed in keeping the citizens safe there jimmy
As a former county prosecutor, I ask you why did you cross the line between prosecutor and law enforcement when you exonerated HC?  Your action has only lent credit to the deep state construct and I think Judge Jackson would agree.
Then why DIDN"T YOU let a prosecutor decide on Hillary????JS
Unfortunately prosecutors have not served the law, but party only...protecting those of power & influence rather than truth
you better believe this is Nurembergy; please please please the intelligence community the law enforcement community must save America
You sir should never have been firedrespect to you and yours!!
It can also be the citizen's worst nightmare, if that PROSECUTOR has it "in" for you, or despises you, is biased, or has decided to nail you before they start the investigation.  MANY an innocent person is behind bars, for just that very reason.
You should be under investigation for corrupting the once great FBI.
The leaker in chief.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3-dH9Iey4uw …  Who protects the citizens safety when those entrusted to serve are the liars?
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=SrDSqODtEFM …  Lies.
Said the man who gave a pass to Clinton. Hah! Spare us all!
Thank you for your services to this country and her citizens. You are the example I am telling my grandsons to follow.
Obviously YOU DIDN'T FOLLOW THAT RULE !!!
That is true so why didn’t you uphold the law?
Are these like a cryptic confession that you conspired to overthrow the President of the United States along with other members of the FBI and Justice Dept. Is that what these tweets are about. Sounds like it to any 1st year phyche student.

Well, WE THE PEOPLE will see if this holds true -IF YOU & YOUR COCONSPIRATORS ARE PROSECUTED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW !!!!
HQ Special
Lots of great quotes. Too bad your moral compass was broken a long time ago!
If only you had based your own behavior upon those words.  Leaking through surrogates was one of the most factional things I have seen in my lifetime from an FBI Director.  J. Edgar Hoover would have been proud of you.
So what is your excuse James?  You and Mueller seem to be the keepers of the key to the Pandora box of corruption of the Bush/Clinton crime families.  It don't' end well for the middle man!  They called people's name Mudd for a reason and his decedent worked for you! Wake up!

This quote is rich coming from you after the contortions you went through in exonerating Hillary Clinton.
Here's one for you jimblo...
You are a liar and the truth is not in you.
I hope one day you will return to your role.. thank you for your service!
There is no crueler tyranny than that which is perpetuated under the shield of law and in the name of justice. -Charles de Montesquieu
@JudicialWatch @AndrewCMcCarthy @Jim_Jordan @SaraCarterDC @TomFitton @ChuckGrassley @Thomas1774Paine @csthetruth
I do believe Small specious oily blackmailer burrowed thru $71 Million bucks: #KenStarr = PROVED point... 
Wish you good New Year --well guaranteed better classier than this one, no?? lol
Thanks for braving the asses on here to give us strength. I can only imagine the evidence you saw was substantial, and you must have extensive knowledge on getting it thru the system!. Is our govt this precarious, we have always assumed the elected had somewhat good intentions.
The GOP sold us out. It is not our entire Government. Many #TruePatriots left. #ProtectMueller
"[T]he citizen's safety lies ALSO in law enforcement when they provide a case to the prosecutor!" A Citizen
And one of the few dissenters in Korematsu v US
As a prosecutor you majored in Malfeasance. Your spiteful partisan legacy has stained the Bureau
Comey didn’t your daddy hug you?
PLEASE FBI SAVE US FROM #TYRANTTODDLERTRUMP, TRUMP DESTROYING OUR FREEDOM,TRUE MEDIA,USA,DEMOCRACY,ENVIRONMENT ANIMALS HUMAN RIGHTS,FORMER REPUBLICAN 4DECADES TILL TRUMP SHOCKED ME INTO REALITY,60%PATIENTS DEPRESSION STRESS SINCE TRUMP,DANGEROUS MORON WATCHES #FAKEFOX
Thanks for your support!
Funny, now the @GOP it's the
Party of the nazis
You should have heeded that advice!
Do you even have the ability to comprehend what you tweet? You certainly haven’t practiced it!
If only that were true.
The FBI worked for the Clintons for many years, allowing them to thraw justice and obstruct the truth.  Your
agency has been compromised since Arkansas...so enough with your self-righteous quotes.
I hope and pray that is true!
These quotes have to be coming out of the deep-seated guilt.
Now that is the epitome of hypocrisy... Your quote that is. Seeing your actions over the last 8 years on your way to the top only to destroy its reputation
Thank you for that!
One word for you Jimbo....TRAITOR! That's what you are.
Now that's a policy you should of followed Jimmy. It's a shame you decided to sell your integrity to the administration just to keep your job. Keep tweeting these "words of wisdom" if that's what makes you feel better. Someday you will have to reconcile with the man in the mirror
Ironically you all should be charged with treason for lying to get Hillary elected by deception, changing your words because all were conspiring against Trump winning by subversion of the law. You & Mueller have 0 credibility with American people and FBI’S house needs cleaning!
Prosecutors who at times use fraud and perjury to obtain illegal convictions for the sake of their egos and undeserved exoneration and absolution when they find themselves under investigation. You're one seriously demented fool.
#ProtectMueller
This, you have NOT done!
Mr. Comey; When is this going to end? Trump is trying to destroy our country; to isolate us from our allies & friends.  Is there no end to this madness?
Really? Changing and ignoring the elements of a crime committed by Hillary Clinton and you still think you have the moral high ground? No good prosecutor would give you the time of Day because you have destroyed your integrity ifvin fact you ever had any.
Ammon & Cliven Bundy would agree...too bad factional prosecutors behaving so badly get cases thrown out of court. #Mistrial #InaPerfectWorld
#StandUpFightBack
#RefuseToBeRuled
#Liberty
#Truth
"Justice"...Pffft
I’m a child sexual abuse survivor, many laws refuse me of justice. My body bears the scares of this abuse. But my government refuses to protect me and others. So its up to us to protect ourselves, children and grandchildren. The Republican Party will pay for their injustice
Thank you so much for speaking up Lynn. I'm so sorry for what you had to experience as a child and the lack of assistance from those that were supposed to protect you. But I'm so thankful that you survived. Please join me and other survivors in April! 
#CSASurvivorsRally happening in DC on April 28, 2018
Please spread the word 
#PizzaGate
#PedoGate…
Mr Commey, thank you.  Please tell me how is it that a no good junkie(trump) from the street gets to stand next to the utmost noble highly trained talented and life proven officials of law enforcement?
Did you serve the law when you took documents to use for personal use?
There was a certain guy who started a prosecutorial committee during the French Revolution having safety in its name... I don't think it was very successful.

You don't see the hypocrisy of your tweets? You have been a shill for that criminal @HillaryClinton You have yourself committed egregious crimes on the American People and deserve nothing less than to spend the rest of your life in prison. You have blood on your hands.
How many rubles do you get paid to post garbage all day?
how's that $10 mil dollar check doing you got for selling out America? I don't know if you should spend it fast or save some for cup o noodles you can buy in prison.
To all of you that think Comey is a "good guy"....go watch the 2 most recent scopes from @hublife. You're going to see soon we've all been duped the last 30yrs or so. That's changing now & we're gonna be ok. Keep an open mind...it's gonna be ugly for a little while, but then ok!
The only law you know, is the law of corruption ...#LawyerUpComey #ClintonEmails #UraniumOne your life sucks
Get ur affairs in order Comey, ur turn is coming soon. Make sure u take that Bible with u, maybe u can teach Bible study in fed prisons.
Are you smoking weed in the mountains hiding out
Wow, you didn’t read this a year ago.
That’s what you did, is that a confession?
It is about true objectivity,  it is clear that you do not have an objective eye on the issues.........  I wish you did. But it is clear you have a clouded eye on politices.  What a wast of time and reality......
Except when they prosecute black people just thought I'd put a disclaimer in there
Then why did you use it exactly for that?
And who did you serve, Sir?  When he failed to follow the law and stepped outside of it?  I truly would love to hear WHY.
The think the #OregonStandoff and #BundyTrial prosecutions show how wrong this now is. Not clear to me it was ever right in the US. Prosecutors have always aided the growth of the Federal Govt.
You’re bought and paid for...go away.
Well @comey either you are as crooked as they come or you are setting things right.....
You are a dirty cop! You have been saving the Clinton's from prosecution for decades. You are a traitor to the United States! Your loyalties are with the NWO and the criminal traitors within our Government. For shame James Comey. For shame.
Now I understand....."factional purposes" i.e. political interests. This I agree with and frankly, in part, what I have been up against. Too many prosecutors & politicians interested in 'other' interests and NOT the LAWS! @INTERPOL_USA
#MAGA
“The citizens safety lies in the hands of the citizens”
Robert Bolt, The Man For All Seasons: St Thomas More to Roper: Then where would you hide, all the laws being flat?
Hope is all we got because currently it seems like a cabal of scoundrels surround us and have infiltrated the very institutions that provide checks and balances and we are eunuchs with our our hands tied and minds numb.
Wow. That's it. Never get lazy when faced with tyranny. It builds it's wall in a slow, sinister way.
@Comey Andy is a Comey Homie no more! Did u feel it tonight when he through u under the bus? #ComeysCorruptCronies Mueller’s team look like partisan hacks! U willl go down in history as worst Dir. ever 4 letting politics corrupt the FBI. Most unethical. Least integrity ever! JOKE
Mr Comey our country is be run by a corrupt administration&Congress is http://complicit.HELP !
If Mueller gets fired then I want out of this country!
??
Is the survival and safety of any government a constant internal dialogue for its citizens and it's leaders. And the unending desire for a perfect society (ies').
Jackson was right, a law is a result of history of victimization. A lawyer is the mediator of all realities...the building of justice is the balance between dismantling injustice through laws. Is justice a student of power and acquisition of "humility" or is it fate?  
Oh how times have changed!
If this is true James... why didn’t you do you job with @HillaryClinton
Advised of possible conflict of interest between Jill McCabe candidacy and Clinton email investigation, Comey responded that he “has no issue with it”
What have you been smoking? The only serving you have done is to the liberal left.  #norespectforyou #FBIispoliticized #liar
Says the guy who allowed personal political beliefs to interfere with his ability to perform an unbiased investigation
Exactly!  That's Meuller will be fired because there is no safety in his bias, political agenda just like yours!  Hope they are getting a set of handcuffs ready for you, Meuller, Paige, Strzok and McCabe
Agreed 100%.  But, when has one 'faction' worked so-so hard to deligitimize the prosecutor.   At what point does the massive cable 'news' working for the 'faction' doing the deligitmizing become part of the Justice obstruction?  Please do tell!
I'm just thankful you & FBI have been exposed! Now  we know why you wanted Hillary to win so you wouldn't be exposed!
You better be more than mildly nauseous these days - YOU put us in this mess - you misused your power and didn't follow protocol.  YOU have caused trump.  Mildly nauseous - shame on you.
Thank you for your service
What?? You should have practiced what u preach!
Great quote... too bad you didn't abide to it.  
Your new book as one thing right LIES - you got that down. #BanHisBook
