former bu? 

more like forever boo 
Right?? I thought the same thing! :D
Lol I hope it’s obvious that it was only a joke, I have great respect for him 
#JamesComeyHandsomeStringBeanOfJustice 
Yeah - just like the Great Pumpkins of lies in the White House. Do YOU pay attention?
Clearly not like the ones in YOUR Fantasyland. Again ...
I am glad to see you out in the world inspiring the next generation of American leaders.
I dont one of the largest criminal minds behind #Obama #Clintons is going to inspire anyone from begind bars! #AMERICAFIRST shame on Comey

It looks like you do speak McDonalds


Wow!! Excellent likeness of you. 
Here you are again! :)
#JamesComeyHandsomeStringBeanOfJustice 
So nice we have honorable people like you and @PreetBharara to counter the dishonorable ones.




That’s great ! I so wish I was lucky enough to hear . I would bring 2 note pads  and a receptive ear. Congrats !
And a pen ..
Harvard is going down!
They don't allow republicans in the school and they are not the only college like that! #realDonaldTrump
ComeY knew of corruption & dangerous unlawful activity at local county governments. Govt worker wink wink nod nod to each other!

PLEASE DO NOT BUY HIS BOOK!
I will not forgive Comey for helping trump get into the White House! People remember! He does not need your praise! Howard U? Remember he is an Republican! Probably voted for the idiot trump! He did not do his job correctly!
How’s about a transcript of the questions asked and answered for interested parties unable to attend!
Do I get anything for finding you? #earlyadopter @benjaminwittes
Wishing you well sir. Thank you for keeping contemporaneous notes. 
Yes. so grateful for that.
Looks like you wore a tie from Donald's wardrobe at Howard  ;-)

Please help us. Do something! Anything!
He did - before the election - he screwed Hillary’s chances.   Remember that always.
how much you get paid? #greed
Mr. Comey I was wondering if I could have the privilege of asking you a few questions for my criminal justice class on what it takes to have a career in the FBI? My class and I would be very appreciative.
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
Never fear unexpected change. Run with it! Carpe diem! :-)
I'm 5' tall and more often than not, my heels don't touch the floor when I sit in a chair. You have the opposite problem. #MuttandJeff



A Coward at Howard
"Applause is the spur of noble minds, the end and aim of weak ones." - Edmund Burke
Last tweet. Have A Very Merry Christmas And A Wonderful New Year Mr Comey and Family.
Re Howard Univ 
African American History http://wisdom-sa.blogspot.com/2016/02/happy-african-american-history-month_20.html …
And 
Dr King A Legacy Of Lovehttp://wisdom-sa.blogspot.com/2014/01/dr-king-his-beautiful-soul-shone.html …
Thank you for your presence at Howard.  As an alum, I look forward to your contributions.
We love you!
James being away from Trump and his band of bandits has taken years off your face
Why did you re-open Hillarys 'emails' right b4 the election? It was hurtful to all her supporyets.
OMG
Yep his twitter account is out now.
Great place for you to get your sealers back!!!
Hope you continue to speak at universities on ethical leadership. My AM CWU graduates military and professional government leaders (Mattis).

Is it on tape??? Youtube? ?? Love to watch..
Your book should be about how I rationalize my own corruption so I can sleep at night.
Are these public? Would love to attend one
Can you dunk a basketball? That's the only question I have
Is this on YouTube?
Thank you!!
I told@you so.   Pointing to kushner lol
Thank you sir ... and I want you to know you are a hero to me and to many others, with honor and honesty you taught us how to be better!  :)
Your got booed off stage bro!
congratulations!
You destroyed the reputation of the FBI.  Congrats
I was sad that U were judged by who U worked for (due to no choice of Ur own)  as opposed to who U are & what U stand for. Maybe next time.
The only question is: "Why isn't your lying ass in cuffs?"
Im actually confussed by all of the Dems, praising the man who helped @HillaryClinton to not be President. What am I missing?
what a joke
Confirmation this account is you!
Were you asked why you havnt been charged with lying under oath to congress
You let em know about your leaking tendencies?
DIRECTOR COMEY HERE IS WHAT NEEDS TO BE EXPLAINED TO STUDENTS. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=157401671281060&id=100010336830510 …
Mr. Comey we do not forgive you.
There's a way to understand how people grew up and why they need help. 

And then there's Hillary's way. 

Choose before it's too late.
A GEORGIA REPUBLICAN for Malcolm X?
Is Comey like doing penance for his role in bringing us this disastrous year?
Sorry I called you a daft git, thought this was a spoof
Is Reinhold Niebuhr an anagram? It is Monday. I am too tired to figure this out
"American theologian, ethicist, commentator on politics and public affairs"
I bet you are 
Mueller has got it under control. Cards are coming down and everyone believes Mr. Comey said the truth. Have a good life
Just between us: how gross are Anthony Weiner's emails?
Criminal justice is ridiculous these days. Someone gets scared and lies about the date he meets some Russian guy, so prison. 

Meanwhile....
Wonderful!
Real conversation among 4 life long #Democrats last night "if Comey ran for President, we would vote for him even under #RNC "
I am staying very hopeful that justice will be restored and America will STAND FIRM on the Constitution once again.
Thank you 
Comey should be tried for obstruction of justice and leaking government documents to the press by his direction,  needs to tried, CRIMES
Comey should be in jail .
It’s #ComeyDay and almost #MuellerTime! Welcome to Howard!
It would be so wonderful if you could be here on Twitter live or periscope live, to give us all some of your wisdom.
Any chance you got a video of the interview?
Hey Twitter, this is Comey's account
Traitor!!
Its YOU!!..thank you for your service  #MuellerTime #MuellerIndictments  #justice
'looking forward to the rest of the year' uh huh. Yep.
Why did they welcome you back?! You ain't their homie
Reinhold Niebuhr “aka” James Comey. 
I think FBI Comey & Mueller are bought & paid for by the clintons and Obama’s and of course the Democrats. FBI, DOJ under Obamacare corrupt
Sir, I hope we get to enjoy the rest of the year knowing there are still a group of good men and women keeping us safe from tyranny.
You should be in prison with hillary, mueller, obama, rice, holder,  podesta, LYNCH et al.  We know!
Mueller tried to indict a ham sandwich but all he could come up with was baloney
Is there a video?  I would love to see it!
You are a criminal who committed perjury
Did they ask why "your majesty" can leak govt secrets but other leakers go to jail?
Did they ask you why gave you so many immunity deals to the very people obstructing justice with hammers  and lies?
Did they ask you why you had a letter ready to go and exonerate HRC before you even talked to her?
Did they ask you why in the hell did you NOT get HRC? Why let her off hook but then stab Trump in the back? Oh I forgot ur self righteous
Howard is lucky to have such great speaker that can teach them what happens when you get so full of yourself YOU ruin your career!
Lucky Howard!  Wish I’d been there!
You honor yourself incessantly and ardently. But should you?
MLK vs The Deep State.
Orwell much?
Seems vaguely familiar....
What kind of tape recorders were in use when the Kennedys were taping MLK?
Good luck to you Mr Comey in your new life.  Send some good energy our way. With Bob Mueller we have a gift - a ray of hope for this country
#Comeyday #MuellerDay  
Thought in light of todays news this would be very fitting. 
This is amazing. 
#MuellerTime   #Comeyday 
J. Edgar Comey is the new Clown of Corruption. 
It's interesting that @FormerBu aka #Comey delivered the Russian #FSB document into the official record. But why? 
Yes, about time!
I hope you talked about there was no intent again. 
Thank you Mr. Muller on an investigation well done!
Turned the FBI into the "Federalized Buffoon's of Investigation?
The administration that literally took bribes from Russia, wiretapped Team Trump because they were very concerned about Russia. Umm, Yeah.
A little something to watch on Saturday night. 
Thank you Mr. Comey. Thank you!!

You're in iT
Thought in light of todays news this would be very fitting. 
This is amazing. 
#MuellerTime   #Comeyday 
I bet you are just as excited as us for Monday! Thank you for your service, Sir!
He will have his own Monday soon and won't have to share.

Mr. Comey, you are America's homey.  Bless you and thank you.
YourNewsWire  claims that James Comey has been tweeting about a Deep State plot to kill Donald Trump.
Why do I feel like you're working with @realDonaldTrump as we speak...
Destroying America from within.
Working to get her elected became more important than national security.
One year ago today, you went against every rule and made Trump president.
Nice!
Remember when you worked with a President who was a good man with a moral compass and wasn’t a traitor? We do too.
I’m glad to hear you were treated with respect, you deserve it. 
LAST NIGHT WAS A IN GOOD NIGHT FOR US, SIR!!!! Thank you for giving me hope this week. I was almost out. We appreciate you so much!
Happy Anniversary!!! Now...kindly EXPLAIN YOURSELF!!!!!!!!
So curious, why are you looking forward to the rest of the year so much........?
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Excellent news day. I, for one, am going to sleep well tonight! I hope you do, too!
So Comey.. I'm pretty sure charges have just been brought up against you..!
Justice is starting! Thank you for everything. 
Hi, how are u doing?
How the mighty have fallen. #Chump
Thank you Mr. Comey for inspiring us.
Thank you for laying the groundwork. You knew all along they were shady characters
Unbelievable...you lied
Is this available to watch? I’ll check Howard site! Glad it was good
Polluting our youth. You should be in jail.
Indictments. Please help us understand what’s coming.
Welcome back, Boo.
Hey, Jim, It’s looking like your credibility is being lost by the day, Jim.
Thank you for sharing this with an HBCU
Now he's on Twitter, looking fwd to Comey's insights on the outrage machine, as possibility of real conversation seems  increasingly remote
Aftet first meeting with POTUS!, U KNEW, something was OFF ABOUT HIM!!!
Which one is it for traitors and sedition now? Hanging or firing squad?
Which would you prefer?
I think hanging ... firing squad too quick.

Honored by your presence. A truly great man & such an important role in rescuing our republic. Looking forward to day all understand "why."
You bulldozed a presidential campaign and are complicit in the destruction of our country under 45.
Good to see you sir.  As a former, am so proud.  
Speaking of questions:  Why did u engage in politics for @HillaryClinton with the fake #dossier?  Why did you shelve email inves?
Why are you refusing to be transparent with your ID? Why the games? #InvestigateComey
TY for taking so much heat. You obviously know things we don’t and felt it was so horrible you had to get special counsel on Trump/Russia.
He did plenty to undermine justice.  Shameful.  Clinton body count even scares those at the top.
Isn’t that cute, lying Comey and his stage name.  The truth isn’t mission or affiliation driven, neither is justice.
You are quickly attaining cult hero status Fmr. Director Niebuhr. We have had infamous Directors. You are the first on hero trajectory.

Corruption in Obama's Justice Department http://fb.me/AsNGKmyH 
I'm looking forward to the rest of the year also, to see an end to the work that you started. Thank you. #JUSTICE
What did you know James? #UraniumOne #FusionGPS
I'm looking forward to the rest of the year too!
The pearl is in the river!
What a boon for Howard. Hope the students enjoyed it.
Also i knew the President had no recordings he wanted to make sure you didn't lie more to get your obstruction of justice on what crime YTBD
GOOD EVENING DIRECTOR COMEY...THIS PICTURE OF NIBIRU IS FOR YOU.
So you and Rod tricked our President and sent Bob to clean up..? on Hillary ? I learned in 3rd grade ignorance of the law was no excuse WOW
Apologize to @HillaryClinton
oh, "reinhold," you coy tweeter, you.
ThAnk you for your service
so Comey appears to be as corrupt as the rest....
Thank you for helping to prove President Trump right (again).

He can't run in those shoes.
“Of course dossier was fake and I lied to cover it up, Trump was only one who didn’t collude with Russia.” WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES IT MAKE NOW!
Yeah this COMEY had to be the CROOKEDEST FBI DEFECTOR since HOOVER! I would stand in bucket of water with head in light socket if him!  
I wonder if he found J Edgar’s secret closet? 
Well as high as GOD stacked that POS Hoover's evening GOWNS will be mini skirts on him!
