'..served our country incredibly well' in your estimation is working to undermine the will of the people by trying to take down a legitimately elected POTUS. Your credibility is sorely lacking; therefore, you should keep your political comments to yourself. #MAGA
BOOM BARBARA!!! TELLIN IT LIKE IT IS!!!!!
He knows he's dirty. I shouldn't have to tell him. But that's the kind of person he is.
Hanging is too good for him. Something slow and painful would suit me fine.
You are not going to find absolution here. You need to make amends first.
After he serves time in the slammer.
James, we’ve had it with the corruption that exists in the FBI. You do not enjoy sufficient credibility to convince us to change our opinion. Go away & take your corrupt buddies with you. Trump will cleanup the mess you left.
What about @GenFlynn a REAL American Hero? He deserves a lot better than what he got 
A REAL American hero does not collude with communist foreign powers. Flynn is a traitor!! He's getting far less than what he deserves,
Just because you swim in the swamp doesn't mean you have to become the swamp #Stormiscoming
So speaks Lurch
We want honesty nd integrity from them willingness to hold anyone and everyone to the same standards of the law not favor one party over the other if you can’t do that you need to work elsewhere
Why, why, are u not in jail??? Corruption at it best.
Says a guy who gets up in the middle of the night to leak gov't documents to a friend with instructions to leak them to the press, because he wasn't man enough to do the dirty work himself. #DirtyCop
I hope you go to jail when the magnitude of what you, McCabe and the rest of your cabal did is exposed.
You act like this has just started. Save the crockodile tears brother - what you described is what Democrats have been doing to Republicans since Reagan.
Did I miss Coney's apology to America for doing exactly this?
You sure don't have a problem staying loyal to your crooked friends.
You sir are to blame for this. And should be ashamed how you have carried yourself. You violated rules, feigned thinking hope was an order, and partisanly decided before investigating. Shame on you
The FBI is corrupt
Yes it is a sad thing that YOU participate in the biggest cover-up in our history! You won't be forgotten for it either!#RobertMueller
When you run the FBI as a political weapon for years, what do you expect? Alinsky tactic....blame others for what you do.  Sell out much.
You "public servants" have glorified
yourselves while
stealing citizens money, privacy, freedom and, yes, even our lives.

You're not "public servants".

You're criminals who
clearly, only serve yourselves!

I hope we are
in time to still
help our VETERANS
#codeofvets
#MAGA
Turns out tossing a nuclear bomb on Hillary Clinton days before Election Day wasn’t the best way to protect the FBI.
Said the guy that politically weaponized the FBI.
Baker is as corrupt as you are. He should be prosecuted!
You mean like you, .@BobSMueller, #AndrewMcCabe, et. al., paying for a phony #RussianDossier for the sole purpose of bringing down a duly elected president who won the election over your candidate?
+
#QAnon
#FollowTheWhiteRabbit
#TheStormIsHere

@RepHultgren @PeterRoskam your party is being called out. Will you be silent as democracy dies or speak for truth and justice?
And so does this mean that the FBI is officially politicized and that any illusion of unbiased protection of citizens rights is just that, an illusion?
Happily, we are now at a point in our political life when anyone can be fired for not doing their job. James Baker, who is stepping down as FBI General Counsel, and got just what he deserves. Stay tuned, Tic-Tock.
No sir. We want justice to be blind to all EXCEPT justice. Personal views should always be left at the door.  Merry Christmas.
No, sir.  We want our public servants to treat every American citizen with equal justice. We do not want lies, manipulation, coverups, to subvert our decisions re our country and the person we elect POTUS.  Stop with the pious insults to our intelligence - with all undue respect.
Thats usually what guilty people do quit or resign gulity!! Yall are done and giving the FBI bad name
Sadly, we are at a point in our political life when you have not yet been charged with multiple felonies, Mr. Comey. Merry Christmas.
The behavior we've witnessed from many members of Congress, Gingrich, other sycophants on FOX calling it a Coup, throw FBI who are Democrats in jail, is very disturbing. Is the FBI looking at why they're acting to undermine Mueller? What ties to Russia they may have? Kompromat?
Psst, Danny.  RNC emails have never been "leaked".  Might explain @LindseyGrahamSC sudden affection for Cheeto.
I completely agree & am concerned as to where we're headed... 
It seems as if the rule of law is being thrown overboard for political causes... 
Sen Al Franken is an example of a mere accusation(s) without due process, ruining a career... Where does this end??
It’s a very sad state we are in.  If Jesus Christ himself spoke even the slightest contradicting word about the current admin he would instantly become an enemy of the regime.
As sad as that is.. It's true! If JC talked smack about Trump.. He'd become "fake news" and yes an enemy of the state.
You’re right. And you should have been treated with a LOT more respect as well. I wonder how Andrew McCabe is going to make out with his pension. Do you think trump is going to fire him early? I sure hope not, but I can see him doing it.
#TrumpIsAChump

Sadly, we are at a point in our political life that DOJ, FBI, and even IRS have been weaponized by deep state leftists to override the will of the American people. Go to jail, Comey. Do not pass GO.
Sadly we are now at a point in the life of our FBI when the director can use one of his right hand goons to word craft  an exoneration of a grossly crooked Hillary Clinton because he is too nutless to stand up and do the right thing and recommend an indictment because she was the
You & others are the ones that have besmirched the FBI’s reputation by politicizing the agency leaking classified info & possibly breaking federal laws! @realDonaldTrump & @jeffsessions are trying to straighten out @BarackObama & your mess! You spied on opposition party?!?! #MAGA
Comey, J Edgar would have slapped you upside the head for the way you have acted. Leaking your comments, Running to the press, come on you have been well groomed and your going to leave a career like this.  Makes no sense. What are you hiding?
#politics
You're a dirty cop, you can't sink any lower than that. You have embarrassed the FBI and the nation.
Your a disgusting Partisan example of the necrosis of Government expansion,  crimes, ugly conspiracies & collusion against a duly elected President & the American People who elected him, against the wellbeing of a Nation. Your an agent of Evil & we pray collectively against you.
Sadly we had you representing our FBI and you lied to the American people. You violate our laws to protect a criminal. You’ve changed the fabric of our justice system. We have lost all faith! You will write your book & just be another lying corrupt former government employee!
Stow it Comey. We have had it up to our eyebrows with your opinion.
Comey - Tell USA about the CIA BushClintonObama Drug Trafficking, and
Money Laundering HSBC did....

HSBC Money Laundering $10s of Trillions
Comey - Director
Meuller - Chief Counsel
Lynch - Prosecutor

Lynch Fined HSBC $250 Million
DID NOT SEIZE Bank or Money
The problem is the FBI has no place in partisan politics Mr. Comey and it is the Bureau's duty to follow the rule of law without exception. You and others of the prev admin strayed from that duty. Hopefully the new leadership will restore integrity to this great agency.

""""Filth at the top-Arogant FBI leaders--trying to play victims-Wife got $700,000.00 for election-tarmac meetings---endless filth--:::INVESTIGATE IN PUBLIC"""""""""
James Comey-Sadly,we R now at a point in our political life when anyone can B attacked for partisan gain. James Baker,who is stepping down as FBI General Counsel,served our country incredibly well for 25 years& deserves better.He is what we should all want our public servants 2 B
I've always believed great men throughout history who have a proven track record of honor,preservation,protection, integrity in service to America,rather than drop out,only transition to a more essential service as private citizen. I maintain these men will continue to #resist.
I am having a hard time w/ the Al Franken situation,he spoke out so much 4us,I feel less safe w/him gone.I think everyone was too harsh,no it wasn’t right what he did supposedly, but look how well the pedophile is doing. Who else was punished except franken. I REALLY feel bad
Is this man FOS, or what?
Morale at the #FBI (and all #Intelligence agencies) mustn’t falter.
Amid them & the #FreePress our #Republic self-defends.
#putin and all #enemies of #democracy know this.
Unfortunately, so does this “#POTUS.”

#DamnTrump
…let outrage be your guide.
#GoBlue #MeToo #BlueWave
.Should have thought of that before you, as Director, crapped all over them. You set the tone for the behavior and your subordinates figured it was cool. You LEAD them straight to ignominy. Sad!
The FBI is one of our best organizations that we need to protect our democracy
Hurts don't it? Where is your power now? The president of the United States is exposing Comey  McCabe and Mueller. The president is going to bring you down like Chinatown tick tock tick tock tick tock. Through the president we the people have a voice
#Leakin'JamesComey
NO. That is what YOU and the LEFT want our public servants to be. The public HATES you swamp members. No way are you going to salvage THIS with lies.
Have you apologized to HRC ?
Has HRC apologizes for ANYTHING she and her corrupt goons and husband have EVER done?? No! Blame game every time. 
Trumpus is the one who needs to go.he is dragging the USA into the sewer.embarrassment.
You got that ass backwards. He’s restoring our nation ‘s long lost credibility and standing in a sick world ruined by the likes of globalists and liberal hacks.
#LeakyComey Afraid of #CrookedHillary
Nobody wants to ge suicided, especially some one like Comey that knows how it's done.
So if you work for someone for 10 yrs. that gives you right to commit felonies? When I saw Hillary say FBI cannot look at DNC Server, knew then? 4 Ppl murder in 2016 all Wk. for DNC? Seth Rich, John Ash & 2 more. Reported Seth gave Emails to Wikilinks! That not FBI case?
Your a corrupt POS, your day in court is coming. Enjoy Christmas, bet your next one is more confined.
You are in no position to decide who deserves to be respected in public life-
You lost that ability when you covered for Hillary and tried to help get her elected.. It backfired on you and you were exposed-

pork pension like you Jim, that's why, also he might get exposed as you have...we are paying you for a corrupt record of employment..congrats
you are the scum of the earth comey

@cnn @npr @foxnews @Comey @potus FBI agent referred to meeting in “Andy’s office (dep dir McCabe)” where they discussed “that there’s no way” Trump would be elected but “we can’t take that risk.” Should top level @FBI agents collude to hurt @realdonaldTrump? Political?
Yes, exactly what PEOPLE LIKE YOU have been doing against Trump for a year!  Bashing Our President so that YOU can have a few more clicks on Social Media!  #FakeNews  #CorruptMedia

Baker, McCabe and yourself are the DARKNESS of the @FBI
What about the lives the FBI saved in San Francisco last week from a terrorist plot why are we not celebrating them for that thank you!
To bad Jay Edgar is not around because he would have fired your ass.
You're a traitor Comey.
We need a French style revolution
@JohnJHarwood Too bad you boxed yourself to have to come out against Hillary 10 days before election.
It is truly sad..... There was time when it was " truth, justice and the American way" Now it is lies , cheats and the trump way . The just and true will rise again
What's sad is how people worship Trump but he doesn't care about them. He only uses people like Manafort and Flynn. How little he thinks of his supporters was seen during the primary. Remember "I CAN IN THE MIDDLE OF 8TH AVENUE, SHOT SOMEONE AND THEY WOULD STILL VOTE  FOR ME"
Sadly that’s true , Merry Christmas to you !!
At what point did you know #TrumpDossier was paid for by #Hillary & #DNC? The unraveling of the #DeepState has begun.  #JohnBrennan #JamesClapper  #PeterStrzok #BruceOhr #AndrewMcCabe #SallyYates #JamesBaker #NellieOhr #HillaryClinton #LorettaLynch #FusionGPS #ChristpherSteele
@realDonaldTrump  @POTUS @HouseIntelComm  @HouseJudiciary   @RepMattGaetz @Jim_Jordan @RepDeSantis  @TGowdySC  @SenatorBurr @RandPaul 
ALL ABOVE THE LAW NOT 1 CHARGED

CLAPPER
CLINTON
ABEDIN
MILLS
COMEY
ROSENSTEIN
LYNCH
LERNER
RICE
POWERS
STRZOK
McCABE
OHR
DWS

GOP'S, DO UR JOB
Kind of like your wife receive an $675,000 from Clinton foundation.  You're not bought and paid for your  an honest law enforcement officer.
#ReleaseTheMemo
#ReleaseTheMemo Let's see what this new info brings Mr. Comey...then see who is telling the TRUTH.
Sadly? You allowed it. Holy moly the truth is coming out. You had one job. To be the law. You failed, miserably.
There is so much to be sad about with this administration.
YOU brought all this down on the FBI with your horrendous decisions and actions.  YOU allowed the wording to be changed. YOU did not require Hillary to testify under oath. YOU had a statement prepared before she even testified. 

"Extremely Careless"? Or criminal negligence?
You Jimmy are either completely out of touch with reality or you’re corrupt  It could be both because we all know you’re corrupt
Hey @Comey, we know you are complicit in covering up crimes for @HillaryClinton and her Clinton Cartel. You knew about #ChildTrafficking and the rape and murder of children, and didn't do anything to stop it. You will burn in Hades for eternity after life in prison. #PizzaGate 
Your entire reign in the FBI was spent attacking people for partisan gain.
Sadly, we the people trusted you & you let us down. You didn't enforce laws that you swore to enforce.
Oh blow it up your butt James. You should be scared your self. All the deeds are being brought out?
Tic toc. We are saddened by your lack of truth and limited adherence to the law. You know its true and you will be judged long after God sends you to your brother.
This is the funnest liberal chat room I've ever been in the blind leading the blind
General Flynn served our country for a long time too. Service does not exempt you from the law.
He's a bitter leftist, just like you. 

#CNNCredibilityCrisis
Sadly, we are now at a point in our political life when anyone can be attacked for partisan gain. James Baker, who is stepping down as FBI General Counsel, served our country incredibly well for 25 years & deserves better. He is what we should all want our public servants to be.
You did this to yourselves by weaponizing  the FBI CIA DOJ IRS. Time to clean house.
#DrainTheSwamp #DrainTheDeepState
Maybe you should have thought of that before giving Trump an advantage at the tail end of the election by implying that new incriminating info was found re Clinton email...especially when you knew about the possible Russian collusion. Seem to me You’re a big reason we’re here
How about you address the specific issue which is his private meetings with left wing Trump hater David Corn just before Corn published the Dossier. Why meeting with Corn? Why not report these meetings? Doesn’t FBI have a public relations office
Anointed one who was promised nomination as the fix was in. U Mr Comey as director politicized the FBI and u & Strueck & co gave a respected agency a black eye. How the do u face yourself in the mirror each day .  Because of u we’re wasting $ on Mueller & a phony investigation.
You’re a mess Jimmy
You proactively clear Clinton, while working alongside Mueller and Baker to hide corruption, bribes and destruction of government property AFTER subpoena.
You, sir, are delusional.
Served *who* well? Certainly not justice or the Anerican people. And the fact that you think otherwise is appalling.
You used the @FBI for your personal partisan gain

You betrayed the trust of the American people, you betrayed your oath of office, you betrayed the President and you betrayed  hard working, honest @FBI agents

Why?  What makes you think you are better than everyone else?
You truly are a nut job aren't you
And you led us to this point by politicizing a presidential race and protecting a criminal...
Why did you allow yourself to be compromised by the Clintons?
Partisan gain? They, (and you) conspired to try to block the election and inauguration of a duly elected President. You all belong in jail!!
he's a JOKE!!! He was bought and paid for by the democrats.. Who bought and paid for you??? We will find out!!!!
Sadly you aren’t in prison along with Hillary and Obama where you all belong
But his behavior, like yours, went astray after many years of considering himself the ultimate arbiter and above the law. Both Baker and McCabe have brought disgrace to the Agency and to themselves, just like you did.
Would you like a side order of humility with your breakfast Jimmy? Please never lose site of the fact that you were FIRED by your employer or the fact that Hillary would have FIRED you even sooner. You still may be charged with crimes. 
How’s that for a moral character builder
You’re a Boy Scout only in your own imagination. You politicized the FBI and are no paragon of virtue. People that said you were ‘fair’ ahead of the Clinton email investigation were blowing smoke.
Thank you for your statement! Keep,it up,  we need more & more people to point this out & so much more!
J. Edgar Hoover, FBI Director for decades, corrupt beyond all belief.
Holding a job doesn't mean you're pure.
Hey there queasy boy!! Quit telling "Comey's"
Coward
I respect you and sincerely honor your service.  But, sir, you really messed up in November 2016.  I mean, you really, really messed up.   Without that huge mistake, very likely we wouldn't be where we are.  And it's horribly sad.
Maybe,  even probably, but your  endorsement at this time brings much into question. Better to wait for the verdict.
If only you could have done something about it.....
You’re a admitted leaker, a total POS in many peoples eyes and you still act like you did nothing wrong. Mueller definitely gave you a pass.
Indictment with your name on it.
Is he though? Ironically I had Great Admiration for the FBI until you.. You need to own the distrust Americans have or you are letting your fellow agents take an unnecessary fall with you.. what's it going to be Mr. Comey?
Here! Here!
Your bias is showing Jimmy. You were unfit to lead the FBI and unfortunately, for you, that is slowly coming back to expose your failures. How does it feel to be sliding into the dustbin along with Obama, the Clintons, Clapper et al?
This despicable MONSTER will do ANYTHING to discredite Mueller and the Special Investigation because e knows they are getting close to taking him down. There are comments such as PURGE the FBI like Congressman Rooney, R-FL. The vile discrediting members of the FBI is DEPLORABLE.
Sadly, you once worked for the FBI & destroyed it with you corrupt & illegal 
actions.
and you're a leaker
Wasn’t he a leaker?
It seems surreal that we have this man as president.  It's atrocious that the republican leaders allow this to continue. And that those in power can allow basic human rights to be deprived from those they serve.
It's upsetting to watch Americans be lied to about their most trusted institutions. The far right Republicans in the House loved the FBI when it was investigating Benghazi Clinton e-mails yet Nunez Gaetz Jordan  are running around like their skirts on fire. Country over party???
Ahhh, blame your opponent for doing exactly what you did. Nice Tweet Hillary! #loser #LockHimUp #LockHerUp
So, How do you explain this? Or is it that you leakers stand together, no matter what?
http://politi.co/2zhVlio  via @politico
You and your kind in the FBI worked with Fusion GPS & DNC to fabricate evidence that served as a basis to spy on a political opponent. Now that is the basis of silent coupe. Was Baker part of your plot?
You sir played a very big part in the nightmare playing out in our political system so you need to shut your damn mouth or do something meaningful to correct the problem you helped to create mr. Comey!
We reached that point in 2000-02, when McCain was smeared by his own party for having an "illegitimate black baby" and Cleland was morphed into Saddam Hussein. Some Republicans care only about power, so for them nothing is sacred.
That's Rich. He was the epitome of partisan. And he, and you, used your positions as law enforcement to attack your political opponents. That's public disservice.

You are a complete and utter diagrace.  Sit quietly and leave us alone. You have done bad.  #maga
Trump is a want a be Hitler just waitin for a major so he can proclaim Marshall law
LIKE ANYONE WOULD BELIEVE ANYTHING YOU SAY YOU LYING SACK OF !! YOU TURNED MOST RESPECTED LAW ENFORCEMENT IN THE WORLD TO BIGGEST CORRUPT AGCY IN WORLD! ALL FOR CORRUPT $$. BET YOUR FAMILY IS PROUD! UR ACTIONS RUB OFF ON THEM!!!
We have allowed ignorance to run rampant. And  spoken up when we should have remained silent, and remained silent when we should have spoken up.
Your cabal of lies won’t cover your sins anymore.  You enjoyed your successful inside the beltway run as a political animal. Now, your treachery is laid bare.
You mean like conservative groups who were attacked by the IRS, or Christians business's who held on to their values, or police officers?
So did Flynn and look what you did to him....never can the American people trust you again. James Tarmac Comey.
Know who else served our country well for over 4 decades?  

She’s the woman you helped take down while investigating Trump for collusion with Russia.  One item you “felt compelled” to hold a press conference on a week before the vote.  

GTFOH.
No.  He needs to go with a lot of the others.  Trump needs to clean house and people need to go in handcuffs.
You people are pathetic. Democrats and Liberals are a cancer on this nation and they need to be cut out permanently.
You’re a frickin fool Comey
Did Baker give dossier to David Corn at Mother Jones?  Don't you dare lecture us about anything until you answer that question and so many others. Until you do you're nothing but a dirty, lying, corrupt cop
Are you suggesting we should have all our public servants be “corrupt AF”?
So, Comey the Leaker defends the virtue of Brown the Leaker. Imagine my shock.
Tick-tock #DrainTheSwamp
I note you don't follow any right leaning conservative thought. I would think as a former FBI head you'd want to understand what's coming out against the upper eschelons of your department. We trusted the FBI and now all this info coming out.
Coming from you? I don’t believe it. If you don’t want to tar your friends with the same brush, don’t say anything.
You are just like crooked Hillary, go away you fraud. Sleeping with the enemy. Bias puppet.
Partisan gain? You have a lot of nerve talking about political partisan gain. You stuck your partisan nose into every political investigstion you were in Charge of and still do. Look in websters under hypocrate to find your face. Merry Karma to you.
People like me served scum like you and baker took advantage of our government and its people
You sir are a bum dressed up in clean cloths. Among many~ many crimes you have committed, the one that shows who you really are; allowing harassment to run rampant at the FBI, under your watch & It shows when you lie under pressureI watched your senate briefing. Mr Hody doe.
@Endressa1206 
YES HE SHOULD!
The American people consider you a lying #SwampMonster   We support #trump efforts to  #MAGA And that you should be criminally prosecuted.
@GovMikeHuckabee @SheriffClarke @seanhannity
You are sorely lacking in self-awareness. Guess the air is thinner up around your head...you're suffering from hypoxia.
In reality, he's being offered retirement instead of jail time for his part in FBI corruption, and they're coming after you too ...tick-tock.
As @FBI you are expected to be impartial unbiased and above all ACT according to the laws regardless of which Party is in office.
Was on Page 1 in the academy handbook.
When the balance of justice is heavily weighted to egocentric power, a nation’s future is imperiled. Those determined to undermine the experience, character, value, stability, and knowledge of career public servants are the ONLY winners in such a ominous struggle 
WHERE'S YOUR BUDS NOW ?? { THE CLINTON'S } HANGING YOU OUT TO DRY... MIGHT WANNA KEEP A LOW PROFILE.. YOU ALMOST BROUGHT DOWN THEE ENTIRE REPUBLIC WITH YOUR NONSENSE. #Karma
Your corruption and general lack of self-awareness are highly disconcerting
You belong in jail.
Merry Christmas!
