Tell us how the FBI could argue that Hillary's behavior gave probable cause for a search warrant, yet NOT an arrest—it's the same conduct.
Weiner's laptop. So they're looking for child porn, but find Hillary's emails. Then base the warrant application on her criminal conduct?
How can those things be reconciled, other than to say she wasn't prosecuted because she's special. Definitely saying a CRIME was committed.
I believe we have seen sufficient evidence that no one is "special," and perpetuating this shows you in a dim light.
Allow me to explain:

1. Case was investigated. 

2. Case was closed because no probable cause existed to believe a crime was committed. 

3. New device was found with more evidence. 

4. Search warrant application says probable cause DID exist, based on conduct in closed case.
They're completely contradictory positions.
He got a bike rack, huh?
It is very likely that this young man is the greatest hero of his generation. No cushy job at a hedge fund, no award ceremony—just truth.
#SethRich was a hero
He deserves justice
The fact that the police have not solved the case, yet won't release any details, says a lot. 

Why wouldn't they want help?
Family &friends oddly silent as well. 
This man sacrificed his life for the good of the American people. How is it this is unsolved? Sketchy
So weird that his family and friends, who probably know a lot more than you, are less interested in conspiracy theories than you guys 
A republican rep peddling conspiracy theories is egregious & pathetic. There is clearly no limit in how low you & your party will sink.
How "low" is YOUR party if you don't care that a slimeball candidate literally rigged your primary, giving you ONE CHOICE for a candidate.
Comey you will save this great country!
He tried rigging her case! But the pedophile's laptop was seen by too many people, so he had to reopen. It's so tragic!
Lets not forget that it was disgraced Michael Flynn who started that rumor and was later found to be untrue! Your party is sinking fast!
So the FBI, which has the laptop, mentions it in the search warrant application, then says they need to read unrelated emails--it's a lie?
You're an elected representative, learn to verify the things you hear for fk's sake
It's really not that hard to figure out; it literally says "parody" in his account description.
Shawn, it didn't say that in the beginning of this conversation. Read all the replies, he changed it after he was outed. It took about 3 comments for me and others to figure out he was fake before he changed it to "parody."
that account has been around for a long time and afaik has always indicated it is a parody. I'm going to need a photo before I believe you.
You are so full of bull that it hurts to read your crappola.  If you really believed any of that you would have told the TRUTH about Hillary. But you didn't have the balls.
I'm Canadian Trump fan and I hate what the corrupt people have done to the US, since it impacts the world so much.

I always felt there was something more to you, then a "bad actor"

I think you played a major role in taking this all down

If so ... thanks
We become free as we release one attachment after another including our need to live up to our own ego image. We can’t even begin until we learn self awareness and honesty.
Him please between all who care about our country do not let trump ruin our country! Please help us!
#LOL
I no longer take anything any Republican says seriously.
Wise saying, but doesn't explain why majority of Mr. Mueller's minions bring liberal bias TO WORK. True professionals separate the two. Trump hatred runs THAT DEEP in the respected FBI?
BS
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
If we could get rid of the politics, we could MAGA!!!!!!!!!
None of this can happen until Trump is removed from office.
Fascists use moderates to strengthen their hold on power through fake "compromises" they abandon asap. Get rid of the fascists first.
We will NOT accept Pence as President!
Sad to say Hatch is probably the only person in the line of succession that isn't compromised.
At least he knows how to write a paragraph, & isn't likely to tweet us into nuclear war.

The bar is underground.
Not a good paragraph though. I know undergrads that can write more cohesive and less drippy works.
At least he's mastered the definition of one, and has had some practice trying 
Sorry, for some reason my head skipped a beat there. Last comment related to Brazile, not Hatch.
Here's another one for ya; "the truth would have set you free, had you engaged in it." Now look at what you've got. Happy New Year and may you realize that you're preaching to yourself and may you learn the lessons your inner man is working to teach you May the Lord bless you sir
I'm blocked...why? Unless I'm right. Follow #DCDONALD
I was blocked for 6 1/2 hours. Why? Follow #DCDONALD




You should not be free you are corrupt and a disgrace to our  Nation.
Thank you for being more open for The
American People and truth 4 U were
Manipulated & know the depth of Our
Deception. You're essential now
screw politics!!! take care our country and our people!!!
Confession: Never before has the political spectrum engulfed my life as it has in the past 4 months on Twitter. Never has my voice 1/4
Never have I learned more about politics as I have as of late. It all deserves some soul searching, some commitments to real change. 3/4
Just things I would have never looked into so deeply into and researched. Such as the details of impeachment and pardons etc.I looked deeper
I've never been sheep. Questioned authority since a very young age if it sounded off. Drove my parents mad. Now they are proud and get it/me


Yes, how soon we forget that before Democrats settled on Russia/Putin as the primary culprit, they were primarily blaming a corrupt FBI and Jim Comey for their 2016 loss. https://www.nbcnews.com/nightly-news/video/hillary-clinton-blames-comey-for-losing-2016-election-934954563510 … Now FBI is beyond reproach & Comey is a #Resistance hero …
I feel vindicated. Thank you.
Brooks is wrong. He is making idol of moderation. After two generations of rich pillaging our national wealth & fossil fuel corps intentionally endangering civilization for their profit, we're too far gone for moderation. We need big shift left to remedy havoc of past imbalances.
Only cure to politics is that power MUST BE returned to its rightful place! To the people! This WILL happen and they will WIN! Revolution 2 is here! May God be with us.
Deep.
you can repair those communal bonds by sharing a story about uranium with us, sharing is caring James, let's not be selfish...
#India #Modi #AmitShah Are you guys listening ???
Once justice is reconciled.. It will take a village to repair the loss of trust and the caluss of hate that has crept in  to our society over the past few years. #BePartOfTheSolution
It's been here all along. We just lifted the rocks everyone's been hiding under.
That’s nice but why didn’t you talk about Russia’s coordinated efforts with the Trump campaign to put trump in office?
Say it Comey
this is beautiful!
It stuck to my soul tonight—hey sweetie, yeah, I’m up
Flexibility at its finest, but also firm in your believe.
Brooks also said on  Rose last week, “Partisanship is the new idolatry...” because Roy Moore’s evangelical supporters will vote for a serial pedophile before a Democrat. Has it ever been this bad?
When Hillary is finally in jail for her corruptness and greed, I may forgive your crime of not pursuing her indictment.
Run for president!
Brilliant. And that led back to here: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/22/opinion/trump-moderates-bipartisanship-truth.html?_r=0 …

FTR, the column that the paragraph is quoted from is here:
You should go Donna Brazile on Lynch.
https://twitter.com/sine_injuria/status/930367060160413696 …
Yes. The centre WILL hold.
The worship of money, favoritism, chaos, vanity self righteousness are all forms and or symptoms of idolatry..the worshipers are legion. Thank goodness those you sheltered are getting their just deserts.
To be a moderate also involves being able to change one's mind in the face of new evidence.
First and foremost, I am a zealot for Reason.
I'm a hardcore pragmatic.

Lies Don’t Heal! Liar. Try Truth......heard of it??
#MoronDon accomplishments to date. Please pass along.

1. Obstruction of Justice
2. Abuse of Power
3. Violating Emoluments Clause
4. Espionage
5. Treason

MAGA!
Hurry please!!!!!!!!!! America is counting on you
Thank you for sharing @Comey. This is brilliant.
Oh good God. 
Amen!
Oh, I agree. Like that matters, sorry.
I am a little angry about HRC & BARGDAHL, about RESISTANCE/TREASON and DEM Hate machine. You may have helped w a little of that
Your reason for living & mine.  
Did we accomplish the job,God 
gave us?R we measuring R soul 2the right compass?
AND... IF OUR COMPASS IS GOOD, do we interpret it correctly. God is judge but He uses us as sinners. We are saved by His grace. His mercy endures forever but it is His to give. Proverbs may call 4 wisdom in speaking but HIS WORD cries for Life for babies.4 freedom 4 His believers
A positive thinker isn't a liar. He is a braggert. I AM GREAT. I CAN DO THIS. IT FEELS LIKE I'M DOING BETTER THAT X. Hope, Embellishments are not lies. Judges are important. Pornography is not freedom of speech. Freedom of Speech comes w RESPONSIBILITY. Otherwise we have chaos.
You must know how much you are going to confuse Trump. Someone will have to interpret this whole tweet to him and then he will rage against David Brooks of the "failing New York Times".  He will then vent against you. Got a feeling you are going to be the next big distraction.
There is moderation in using one's influence to taint an election in favor of a foreign dictator? Own your sin, Comey.
We must believe that Americans are strong and we will start to move towards the middle again. Far left and far right do not help in governing. We must work together for the good of this country

"Repair" implies they used to exist. They never did. We need to build them from scratch, starting with confession and repentance
Thank you for your service @Comey!!
In that case why did he perform as a GOP operative by giving the election to Trump? Please. He's a hardcore GOP partisan who's desperate for validation so he's trying to reinvent himself as a human being.
Let me respectfully suggest the "communal bonds" Brooks has long been selling are of ignoble origin and a little too "deep."
(We are not an organic whole).
Striking that Brooks thinks he's a moderate.
When will Jimmy here take the 5th?
Is that why you used your own communal beliefs to let a clear criminal (Hillary) go by making a judgment and announcing it to America and the world?
The both of you should be in jail and you know it Mueller wrap this investigation up on our POTUS you got zero you know it & hired attorneys that defended Crooked Hillary how much have spent of our tax $
So ''extremely careless" really Can or Can't be fixed by your Buddy Mueller so he won't investigate You?
Can't wait for 2018 campaigns to start to see who all DemoKKKrats are going buy to get them to claim they were raped or sexually molested 50-60 years ago.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=536957639992126&id=100010336830510 …
This is so profoundly deep. Communal bonds...  @nytdavidbrooks
This is beautiful!
THE EYES ARE THE WINDOWS OF YOUR DNA. JAMES BRIEN COMEY HAS THE EYES OF THE TRUTH...SAME LIKE MINE.
All these pics of your best friend Comey wow your not even trying to hide your many conflicts of interest. You must know the republicans are demanding you resign now and "we the people" demand you resign now!! This has crossed every line of conflict of interest !! U must resign
Are you kidding your lawyer said Comey isn't a friend but here you are retweeting him over and over. Dont u see this is an absolute conflict of interest ?? And uranium one is another and hiring all of Hillarys lawyers is another. Haven't u seen the republicans say u must resign ?
You're not hiding James. Your pictures exposed you. God will deal with you now. He's busy dealing with all the occultist globalist. You was first to fall.
Must really be enjoying that medical marijuana. Sound as high as a kite.
This is really profound. Thank you for sharing.
TRUMP CALLED HER GUILTY BEFORE A TRIAL AND BIASED ALL POSSIBLE JURORS. A  CERTAIN MISTRIAL MADE PROSECUTING HER A WASTE OF TIME!  Comey is not guilty of obstructing justice!
sounds like the grassroots.
Politics is the Art of Governing. Of course our politics can be fixed by political means. We need Masters of Good Governance- the current batch of shock artists and feces smearers have no place in it.
  
What book...How to be a Snake??

Yep.  #Wobegon2017
Politics are a wild beast that the law attempts to tame.
If I follow you, will you have the FBI follow me?
Thank you for your service, Director Comey. 
The trust bond of politics is shaped by our intelligence&leadership!  Somehow it strained afterWW2 lost ofFDR thecold war&JFK unbalanced us!
Book says bungling by FBI, DNC, ‘casual’ Wasserman Schultz made email disaster worse
“ There Are Some Storms That Cannot Be Weathered” Unfortunately U were at the helm  & 1 Honorable Choice RESIGN, U know The Ship IS doomed.
Just shhh. You helped break those bonds.
Some are  capabile of Heroic acts but essentially all Heroes R Dead. Primarily because they didn’t have a second chance to “Screw it Up”.
@revsusansparks @nytdavidbrooks Its SoGood2CU Mr.Comey_GOOD! You_Love_Justice_SpeakTruth_WeOwe 1AnotherThat_W/O Price=DeceitLying
@revsusansparks @nytdavidbrooks Roman12:{1-3} RenewalMindBTesting YouMayDiscern Will Of God=GoodAcceptablePerfect_V3 Not Think>1Self
Is politics a test of a leaders patience &tolerance!Of things that need 2b changed but can’t be resolved by force!Only through perseverance
Actually, our world needs to be addressed by wealth redistribution that leads to unprecedented inequality.
I love that.
There are usually only two things in the center of the road. Yellow lines and road kill. The latter best describes neoliberal "moderates"
If Mueller & Rosenstein had 2 brief Holder and Obama in the 'Uranium One' case, then they are at the very LEAST witnesses! U all R the SWAMP
The statue that needs 2 come down...the Lady Justice statue. There's no longer a blindfold on her because of YOU! CCC #ComeyCorruptTotheCore
http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/358982-early-comey-memo-accused-clinton-of-gross-negligence-on-emails … THIS WAS CLEAR OBSTRUCTION of JUSTICE! #FEDprisoncampinurfuture #douevenrecallwhenufirstsoldout #killedFBImorale BR?
http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/358982-early-comey-memo-accused-clinton-of-gross-negligence-on-emails …  THIS WAS OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. #gotfedprisoncampinurfuture
So true.
So true. And not only on your side of the ocean.
Looks like u haven't 'balanced your attachments' very well..nice, flowery rhetoric, does this often work 4 u?  Doesn't 4 me..#BustAComeyMove
You could have stopped this if u told people of FBI investigations into Trump like u did with Clinton. Stop trump now!
Trump campaign spent $94,000,000 online. Russian oligarchs ~$150,000,000. American oligarchs $400,000,000. Same difference. Anti-Brooks 100%
Save ur self-righteous pontifications for ur liberal buddies, all liars & crooks like you. @potus
Partly agree. Politics and policy can create environments that produce better people, can shape those values and bonds.
Esp the first sentence. Good heavens, I actually agree with David Brooks on something!
And overall a fair (in the sense of evenhanded) essay.
@nytimes @NYGovCuomo @CoryBooker @Kandi @BarackObama @donnabrazile @TIME @RawStory @WSJ @people @leggs88 @MackMAC33162565 @BetteMidle @cher
FIRE MUELLER  NOW.
Our country is suffering. Our hearts are broken. We have no one at the top to admire, to trust. As a result we are in anguish. Trump must go
Trump requires people or circumstances to blame. When he fails (and this year thatnhas been often) he requires someone to hate, to blame.
It is striking. But hard to conceive of event short of calamity, such as 9/11 squared, that’d restore communal bonds.  And DT must go, first
Love your quotes. Wish I could attend one of your lectures. I hope as time goes by, your posts will have more who appreciate your thoughts.
I find It's hard to read through many of the comments w/o distraction. Nevertheless, you're posting. You may end up running for office.
To be moderate, we must be open to, not blinded by, the truth. I wish you well, sir.
Well said! The hearts and minds of every citizen needs to be reconciled with founding philosophies of the USA!!
Catch - 22
Our country can not begin to heal until the FakePresident is removed from the White House!    Lock him up!!!
will your book tell us who told you to change the language in the Hillary letter from "Gross negligence" ?
The latest example of #DeepState Comey's Corruption. Obama/Lynch were Masters of the Comey Puppet....
Do you have faith in our future? Can we recover from this disaster?
Appears "Our" Agencies can "fix" politics and/or investigations-Clinton Investigation Memo obtained by Congress contains "Grossly Negligent"
How could you have done this? Fear? Complicit? Or didn't you care? This is horrible.


Donna Brazile closing drapes, afraid of snipers and James Comey, about Loretta Lynch  "I said (to myself), 'This isn't a hill worth dying on, OK." Starting at about 2:03
Yeah, you and NYT.....ewwww....
#Uranium1 #YourDone #YourDone #WeKnowWhatYouDid  #WeSeeYou #BetterRun #BetterRun
You need serious psychiatric help.
I retweeted that great quote (hey, even Brooks can make sense LOL) without knowing it was you, James.
Relying on that joke of a dossier written by RUS is inconceivable. How could u not do your job? What happened to integrity Jim? Pawn = sad
I agree with this statement. To be moderate means to sit in middle of everything by standing for everything. It is an untrustworthy position
Nonsensical pablum to me.
To be free, is simply to be born. Here.
Let him know how to choose the mean and avoid the extremes on either side, as far as possible... #GoldenMean #TheRepublic
1/2 Being a moderate in either party is now a rarity
i.e.
compromising with an adversarial party is contemptuous
reason 4 being independent
2/2 The Constitution favors a 2 Party system
Even though I'm independent
I do feel the need for 2 major parties in our government
I pick DNC
I'm an Independent and I only see one Party, Corrupted !
Is Bernie or Jill starting that one?
We've really only had one Party for years now. They don't care about us, they only care about lining their own pockets $$$
My issue is how long has Russia been hacking our elections? This GOP majority Congress didn't happen overnight. A Dem Congress would have had trump out the door before he could have unpacked
My issue is that they SAY that Russia has "meddled 4 years ", but only THIS election are they making something of it. Smells fishy!!
No quotes from the other article he penned last week Friday?
So many Trump supporters still focus on HRC when their candidate won. Time for them to move forward rather than blaming whatever in the past
Striking for its high minded tone of a word salad.
Hillary was a moderate and you interfered with the presidential election because of..... u guessed it.... politics!
According to #Buddha, all  suffering stems from "attachments"
Welcome aboard, Sir.
Thanks for the quote. Glad to meet ya!
Cool.
You should get yourself on Rational Republicans Facebook group.
Remember when the FBI told MLK to kill himself?
There's a strong case for prosecuting you @Comey ... may be a good idea to get off Twitter:
Your writing is as clear as mud.
Sorry, that’s just gibberish....

”at war with idolatry”??? 

Nobody in talks like this.  But let me help  It’s time to starve government.
New page to support James.
And it means you let the rest of do the heavy lifting of controlling DC & not completely destroying our Liberty & Constitution.
Thank you for having the courage to speak the truth!
Amen and amen!
I do like like tho, even tho might be insurmountable
What a *terrible* quote. Not profound at all-just same old same old: Americans are scared of and always trying to avoid politics. Why?
