You, like Satan masquerade as an angel and quote the bible, but you both are evil to the core
“But let injustice roll down like waters and self-righteousness like an ever-flowing stream”. Comey-all the time
let it roll - and it has right over McCabe - next is you
Chairman Gowdy on the DOJ IG report on former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe: "The Inspector General found not only did McCabe divulge sensitive information, he did it without the permission, authority, or knowle…

BREAKING: Attorney General Jeff Sessions says he's fired former FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe, effective immediately.
You know what else rolls down.. POOP and the FBI is holding a big ole basket at the bottom of that mountain. FBI Agent Peter Strzok was either incompetent or covered up Huma Abedin Lies.

READ PART 1 of about 20 that we will be posting http://bluepillsheep.com/proof-huma-abedin-lied-fbi/ …
In my experience, it is those that are incompetent that take part in the cover-ups; swamp rats. Competent professionals good at their jobs who follow the Code of Ethics get hammered.
#ExposeTheDeepState #DrainTheSwamp
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
...and justice is coming for you but it looks as though @GenFlynn will be in the clear.  Hooked?

Interesting word that word justice.
The Hill newspaper just posted my column on the implications of the McCabe firing and most importantly a line from McCabe's statement that would seem to contradict James Comey.  http://thehill.com/opinion/judiciary/378919-mccabe-just-made-life-tough-for-comey-and-the-special-counsel …
Traitor
Shannon the pee tape is real
There is something about quoting the Bible and watching the pendulum of divine justice swing back at you... Proverbs 16:18 "Pride goes before destruction, a haughty spirit before a fall"... <sigh>... @CNN @FoxNews
Amen to this. 
Remember that time you leaked information to the nytimes about Flynn after you were fired?

How did you obtain that?

Your friend Daniel C Richmond..
Ahhhh...I had forgotten the guys name ! 
Love it!
Thanks for the scripture
You obviously don’t know anything about righteousness! Most Americans were in your corner but you embraced the liberal side which is the corruption side!
Keep quoting scripture!!
But tweet it correctly Read more here:
Amos 5:24 But let judgment run down as waters, and righteousness as a mighty stream. King James Verson, always beautiful!
Much like Russian pee, tbh.
Lifelong @DNC Voters #NeverTrumpHillary Wonder Why Might Anyone Demean, Degrade or Disparage Another? When Pious Ridicule: "So when they continued asking him, he lifted up himself, and said unto them, He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her. ~John 8:7
Remembered how shock I was seeing the news,support you no matter what
Jim! Can I call you Jim? Give it to me straight. You were writing your book at that certain part and tweeted this out and just burst into laughter and your wife just groaned. Ammiright???
This Tha Comey right here...  #LockHimUp 
#TreasonousBastards 
#signmyflag
Jim Comey: Why wasn't Hillary Clinton put under oath when she was questioned by the FBI and why didn't you find it important enough for YOU to be there while she was questioned?  
#Flynn #DoubleStandards

Hey, Flynn admits he lied to the FBI and he plead guilty.  It would be nice to have equal justice, that's all I'm saying.
He admitted it, because he got caught. Hey,.. I'd do the same 
@Comey=giant douche
LOL! Personal insults in place of actual grievances... How's that working out for you?
“LOL” Quoting a Bible verse in order to make himself feel better for his short comings... How’s that working out for him?
I’m sure he had to google it to find it!
Now do Obama
No one is coming to help you. You are on your own.
Come on!! 
@Comey
Romans 12:1-3
Such as? 

@Comey
"....and be sure your sin will find you out." Numbers 32:23
And what sin is that? 

@Comey
James Comey@comey “ But Justice roll down like waters and righteousness like an everflowing stream.” Amos 5:24 Mr Comey Who do you think you are? Honest? Righteous ? Respected? Sorry but you may be in your own mind, but not in the mind of the American people. So glad your fired !
Ah, in insider. As such, I'm sure you'll be glad to share your facts with us. 
@Comey
Justice indeed!  Your turn is coming!
And what would be that justice? 

@Comey


Typical - You never did wrap your small mind around the concept of "separation of church and state"
In what way? 

@Comey
Quotes from the bible by the Antichrist will not get you any sympathy from justice !!! @realDonaldTrump lock this man up now !!!
Antichrist, pretty heavy. In what way? 

@Comey @realDonaldTrump
Wait for the investigation into Comey, how can 1 human being be so corrupt to sacrifice the safety of 250 million people for the sake of 1 pathetic woman !!
Could be that you merely have opinion rather than expertise. Good chance of that. 
@Comey @realDonaldTrump
Fact - the truth shall set you free little snowflake
So you are THE expert then. 
@Comey @realDonaldTrump
no experts here, just common sense
Good thing  legality is not determined by "common sense" or gut feel.
@Comey @realDonaldTrump
“But justice roll down like waters and righteousness like an ever-flowing stream” Amos 5:24

Thank you for your service.
#LOOKATMECOMEY, #HOLYCOMEY, #MEMEMECOMEY, #LEAKYJIMMY, #GEEGOLLYJIMMY, #CASHINGINCOMEY, #GOPLUVSNANCY, #BankFraudBernie, #ShadySanders, #LyingLoretta
do u know what else the Bible says? THOU SHALT NOT LIE. remember that 1, big jimmy?
You're a criminal, shut up with your words of wisdom.
What was the crime? 
@Comey
If " justice roll down like waters and righteousness like an ever-flowing stream", you better pray for a snorkel and swimmies, Comey, 'cause you'll be seconds away from drowning in your own crimes.
And what are those crimes? 
@Comey
"Pride goes before destruction,
    and a haughty spirit before a fall."

...since you're so big on quoting the Bible.
When did President Trump ask you to stop investigating Flynn exactly? Is it in another memo you wrote yourself?
I suppose this is why you were fired.

Amen!

The Lord watches over true knowledge, and he opposes those who try to deceive others.
Proverbs 22:12
#SundayMorning
#ReleaseTheFISAMemo  YOU HAVE NO ETHICS
You wouldn't know justice.
yeah, and you should b very afraid
I know you probably went to the restroom and puked after that lying bastard @realDonaldTrump whispered in your ear and hugged you. To get over the guilt of causing HR the election you should come out and tell EVERTHING u know about DT!! Trump followers you do remember this photo?
You’d better get on a life jacket! Along with @HillaryClinton.
Much like the righteousness of the assigned (by you) investigator into @HillaryClinton ‘s email? Much like your not putting Hillary under oath knowing it was saving her. Much like yoy knowing Hillary lied under oath to Congress. #nointegrity
I, too pray that the whole truth comes out!  I feel like you have laughed at the American people with your actions.  God Bless
Mr Comey maybe you should have been reading scripture a couple years ago, it might have given you the strength you needed to make the hard and just decisions  @FoxNews @jeffsessions @realDonaldTrump
Smug.
Amos 5: 14&18
I just threw up in my mouth .
https://twitter.com/RussianBot35/status/941675097504534528 …

Waters floweth...like a prison sentence for a dirty cop.
But Vengeance is mine, says the Lord!
Do honest  trustworthy  people commit ADULTERY???   FBI Peter Strzok doesn't have the moral aptitude to honor his vows / oath to his own wife why would he to the American people just disgusting !!
Comey drafted his statement ending the Clinton email investigation months in advance, the FBI confirms
And Karma is coming to visit you and is going to bite you right in the ass!
Amen and amen.  I pray every day for God to put an end to our suffering under this corrupt administration and to see his justice.
Lame.

You picked the first Google result and one of the first verses on that page. You're a bad person, James.

#TheEmporerHasNoClothes
James, are you telling us that Hillary is in deep doo doo?
Sounds like you're concerned about the "ever-flowing stream" circling the drain.  #FreudianSlip ?
shade
One document we'll never see you quote from: The Magna Carta.
You are a trader
Call out the Orange-Herring.
Well well
@FBI became just another Democrat play thing under @Comey leadership!

@FBI was gearing up to be Hillary's executers then Trump saved us!
Looks like Great Falls.
(2) 10 There are those who hate the one who upholds justice in court
    and detest the one who tells the truth.
Yep.
so I suggest you lawyer up, dude.
Proverbs 28:13
He who conceals his transgressions will not prosper, But he who confesses and forsakes them will find compassion.
“For there is nothing hid, which shall not be manifested; neither was anything kept secret, but that it should be revealed” - Mark 4:22 #ReleaseTheMemo
Just gave to this fund. You should too.  Twenty percent of your book advance.

"Woe to you experts in the law, because you have taken away the key to knowledge. You yourselves have not entered, and you have hindered those who were entering." 11:52
Just like the justice you will soon face, you slithering, lying snake. What a hypocrite in denial.
YOU'RE NEXT BUSTER. THEY'LL CRUCIFY UR ASS TOO. UR TIME IS COMING SUCKER.  DONT PLAY HOLIER THAN THOU U CREEP, PREJUDICE BUT LOVES DA CLINTONS U MULLERS FOOL. THEY CANT SAVE THEMSELVES EITHER. "IF U CANT DO DA TIME, DONT DO DA CRIME" OUCH!
Sure
I absolutely love the fake outrage of the sheep who worship at the feet of the orange fraud. Be careful as you blaspheme. Be better.
Those who have made their living out of perfecting deception and favoritism should stay away from Bible verses, lest they be hit by lightning or a federal indictment, whichever comes first 
Ya keep preaching   but here is your guy your legacy

https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=6&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwi2v5fgqe7XAhUM7YMKHfn5DtAQFghHMAU&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reuters.com%2Farticle%2Fus-usa-trump-russia-fbi%2Fmueller-removed-fbi-agent-from-russia-probe-for-anti-trump-texts-reports-idUSKBN1DW0Q0&usg=AOvVaw3UZeyvaHh7cmPWyvuSQLx5 …
And yet, “The one enthroned in heaven laughs; the Lord derides then.”  Psalm 2, v. 4.  Something to think about, Mr. Comey.
@Comey  Please note:
The ignoramus I refer to is Chukles.
@Comey
YOUR NEXT !!
Let’s not forget you are a corrupt individual and the people are waiting for the hammer to drop on all of You anti American traitors  so shut it
tattoo this on your lower back. @BarackObama will visit you in jail
You're not the fox. Lol!
What in Hell would you know about justice or the Bible? You should lead the orange suit brigade right into the slammer for your interference in last year’s election.

Hope your faith prevents you from being someone's B in the slammer....who am I kidding lol
Mr. Comey compromised his integrity when he deliberately chose to marginalize the severity of Hillary’s flouting of our national security laws. 

In so doing, he went to the Dark Side & destroyed credibility he had worked to build—sad!

@JamesComeyFBI 

@HillaryClinton
Please Mr Comey, do not offend us or cheapen the Bible by quoting Scripture from it. Your many actions while in power have proven to be amoral & you've shown no remorse for any wrongdoing.
This is the truest form of someone  taking God's name in vain
Truthful lips endure forever, but a lying tongue is but for a moment.   Pro 12:19
Stop quoting scriptures moron your done !
Your a sell out deep state trash
Seriously? You leaked information to the press, waiting for justice.
You INSULT all Christians with your BS. How about this one? " Thou shalt NOT bear false witness against thy neighbour"  You will have A LOT to answer for come JUDGEMENT day.
Comey--Here's a verse you should study: "22Many will say to Me on that day, ‘Lord,  Lord, did we not prophesy in Your name, & in Your name drive out demons & perform many miracles?’ 23Then I will tell them plainly, ‘I never knew you; depart from Me, you workers of lawlessness.’"
Nice scripture ,I'm no Biblical scholar but I believe the author was referring to EQUAL justice.  From everything I have heard and read on the news, both sides , the water needs to go back up river and start over.  Then you can equate it to scripture. No offense.
D-BAG COMEY!!!!!!
How dare you quote from our God's word when the corruption you were and are a part of speaks your character.
Read this tweet wks ago & unlike many others I tht u were referring 2 "some of ur own" b/c of ur decision 2re-open HRC investigation
Mr James Comey, you have not appeared altogether sound in your decisions and rhetorics You have caused us all alarming distress. The FBI has wielded enormous power, but you might be the least understanding of those powers and their effectiveness. You're not very wise or competent
There once was a prick named Comey
He was Hillarys homey
With his nose up her butt
Her mouth never shut
Now he quotes Bible & poetry
Thou shalt not lie
Cowards and dirty cops send cryptic tweets. Shameful!
Tick Tock. How prophetic.
#RedWaveRising2018 
#ReleaseTheMemo

BREAKING: BUSTED !!!

Not Strzok but ANOTHER senior FBI Mueller supervisor, Andrew Weismann has proven to be politically…
WRONG: "But let judgment run down as waters, and righteousness as a mighty stream.  Have ye offered unto me sacrifices and offerings in the wilderness forty years, O house of Israel?  But ye have borne the tabernacle of your Moloch and chiun...
Amos 5 keep reading!
Admit it! You are White Hat & really wanted us to look @ Amos 5:25-27 involving @johnpodesta @HillaryClinton @HumaAbedin ETC! Members of Marina Abramovic's little cooking club #MOLOCH #SACRIFICES #STARgod
Thank you, Sir.  blessings.
Proverbs 25:26 ESV 
Like a muddied spring or a polluted fountain is a righteous man who gives way before the wicked.
see a doctor...pass go ...don't get $200 go to jail...its coming
You are such a sad little man...lied over and over...let Hillary lie..YET you have the audacity to comment NOW? SIT YOUR DUMB ASS DOWN STUPID LOOKING MORON!
Justice would have been indicting Hillary Clinton, James.   You no longer will control the FBI.
Very hypocritical of you to quote scripture.
Stop your nonsense
Home brew email servers illegally containing classified information. Self-deleted emails.  Bleached servers. Crushed blackberries. No justice because of you sir. Sir, you indict yourself.
The apostle Paul is on drugs.  That’s why I believe in L Ron.  He’s a clear minded individual
You have an obligation to the US to reveal trump lies.
Oh James, James... 
 
Deuteronomy 1:45; 
Proverbs 28:9; 
Psalm 18:41; 
John 9:31;
Proverbs 26:11;
2 Peter 2:22

You must do much more then just quote the Bible.. 
I'd say you need to tell the truth, but I don't think that will happen :(
Oh, and Mr Comey.. 
one more passage you need to study & reflect on..

Isaiah 5:18-24
Maybe if you had disclosed the Russia investigation during the campaign, as you did the email in Weiner’s computer, we wouldn’t be in this mess.
and rolling stones gather momentum
http://amp.dailycaller.com/2017/12/04/clinton-aides-went-unpunished-after-making-false-statements-to-anti-trump-fbi-supervisor/ …
Clearance Clearwater Revival
As long as you and the rest of the corrupt intelligence and politicians get caught up in it I like it
Acquitting the guilty while condemning the innocent are both detestable to God: Proverbs 17.1
Remember: Call it a matter.
Your Leaky Lawyer friend will have his work cut out for him. You can always plead the fifth, however. Good luck! MAGA
Perhaps thou art hast counted your poultry before it has cast its shell aside.
You're nothing but a political partisan HACK.
Good riddance stretch, shut up and go away.
The wicked accepts a bribe in secret to pervert the ways of justice.  Pro 17:23
Careful what you wish for....
and then drowned by the breaking news that ABC reported was fake...so funny, too bad the Benghazi 4 will never have justice because of you! With the news of Uranium one and who all was involved ?...can't wait for the flood!
comey what did you tweet,if there lying its flying like 04c32666 flying that they lying and flying in the pond because they lying.lets talk ashcroft hospital room show down comey.
