Only at Howard do you have the opportunity to have a discussion with James Comey in your Politcal Science class
HAHAHAHAHAHAH... HAHAHAHAHHAA... He's guilty of nothing.
Trump on the other hand, and all the crew. Hiding in plain sight.
A Trumper calling anyone else a scoundrel is hysterical.
Bot
Whatever you say, suzzie, with your timeline full of lies.
I don't lie , that is what  the libs do.
I know you cared, I believe you will be vindicated one day! . I just wanted to say THANK YOU!  You helped save us. 
Shame on, James.
Shame on you, James.
Shame on you. James.
Shame on you. James.

Same on you, James.
I wanted to take a moment to repost this msg.  Comey went into the classroom to take questions at a difficult time.  He is willing to sit and “take it” —- dtrump will implode before our very eyes if Mueller can get him to attend.  I can’t wait!
[applying to Howard, signing up for all the Poli Sci classes]

I wish! What a wonderful opportunity for those students!
I think you should do TRMS !!!
Why would you want to?
Send me your notes @_madijewel 
Handwritten, of course
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
My questions. Why write exoneration letter for Clinton before evidence in why investigate Trump on false dossier why didn’t u indite Clinton etc etc. dishonest
U knew Russians involved in Uranium 1 were laundering money. U said nothing to stop deal
How do you feel for fucking up our elections?
I guess it “seemed like a good idea at the time”. We need to correct the mistakes of the past and move on at this point.
That's Amazing! So very Cool!  
I admire your moral courage Jim
When your book comes out I'm sure it will be a #1 in fiction. All your frenemies will buy it. Does it have Clinton paying you off?
Would love to hear that W & A
Your my man Comey. You're a big man with a spine.
Can you imagine @formerbu as a guest on @PreetBharara’s podcast? The internet would break.
CO-SIGN 
Must of been a quick couple of minutes!
Did you know you have a cameo in this great video?
Hiding for cover with racial umbrella. Nice touch. Everything you do appears self serving and manipulative.
The one thing I have learned from Jim Comey-

Take really good notes immediately after having a meeting with a POtuS-

#OPTRUMPSUX
In my job, we always took  notes.  Even of telephone calls.  Needed in depositions!
I really just wanted to call Trump a Piece Of Shit on Comey's thread in hopes it would give him a chuckle!

#CAMPCOMEY
Oh, hope he saw it!
Wud it be GREAT 2 be at  FBI when business proprietor brings in FORGED & ALTERED INCIDENT REPORTS?!?!?! ALONG WITH A POLYGRAPH?!?!?!?!

Mr. Comey U knew & U presided over ongoing kidnapping of noncriminal businessman  & U are going to be held accountable. U r not freer then us!
All of you hated this guy last October & November. Now you love him cause he got canned. Ok
No not all of us did. Some of us can comprehend when someone has to do their job.
Please come to @winthropu ! Awesome Political Science Department! I'm a Poli Sci major and I have lots to ask you.
Okay ,enough BS! How could you take 30 years to build a stellar reputation and 30 seconds to destroy it by your questionable decisions? SAD
Maybe next time you can have a discussion with @JamesComeyFBI from prison
Is there a tour? Would love to hear you speak.
Why did you let a criminal off -HRC- after prosecuting Martha Stewart unfairly?
Wow. Lucky kids. I know that was great.
I'm jealous. 
And, Spicer which is an embarrassment for Harvard.
That's awesome! I'm certain EVERYONE learned something new and that's what its all about.
Did the good students at @HowardU ask you why you wouldn't label Roof a 'terrorist' despite his manifesto & him fitting FBI's definition?
You handed election to trump by not publicly disclosing #RussianCollusion investigation yet sending that letter 11 DAYS before the election.
Also, why did you exonerate Hillary two months before your press conference and before dozens of witnesses and Hillary were interviewed?
James,
Can you please explain how your memos on Hillary’s email scandal went from “gross negligence” to “extremely careless?”
Very very cool indeed.
Omg i wish i could go back to college just to be part of that class!!
How are you coping now that your reputation has been tarnished?  When do you think you will be charged for lying to Congress?
Unfortunately Harvard has also hired Sean Spicer...
Howard not Harvard
The noose with tighten and you will be exposed.
Come and speak to my middle school kids in California!  JK but not really.
First of all there is nothing scientific about politics and is a really misnomered course. Political theory at best. Wasting time with Comet
For someone who did not even understand your own job description you have done rather well up to now. Pay attention Comey: Up to now is key.
Hopefully,  Claflin University will be next for Criminal Justice majors!!! #EducatingfutureFBIAgents!!
Uh oh, someone is baaaaaack! Glad you are on our side Comey! Take down the mad-house, the WH is occupied by terrorists
Why would anyone want to?
I am jealous...
You be woke an jammin
Hard questions? Like “did @HillaryClinton threaten blackmail 4 #WHITEWATER, death of #VINCEFOSTER #SETHRICH” or “what’s UR FAVORITE COLOR?”
Would like to know if read Karl Ocutsch ,William Riker,Theodore J ,Silney Verba ?
Yes

So sorry for all the disconnected idiots who will respond here just to harrass you.
There is a much bigger picture people just don't get it

how are you
hello
Any suggestions on what we can do to stop Congressmen Matt Gaetz Andy Biggs & Louie Goehmert from shutting down Mueller Investigation? Help
Cool that'd you'd give your time with all that's going on right now. #Comey is awesome
ENVIOUS!!!
whatever is in your power to legitimately do to save the country ; do it
this president is dangerous; and what he appeals to is dangerous
I can’t wait to read your new book. And, by the way, I love the title. Ironically funny and good.

Thanks
Hi... 
How do you look in orange?
Did you purposely lie to congress in violation of the perjury statute?
Did you or did you not leak information to the press in the hopes of influencing a federal investigation?
Did you or did you not write a memo exonerating Hillary of any crime before you interviewed her?
I'm jealous. That's super cool
This was one of the great things about living in DC you got to speak with these great guys directly.
Did you have a discussion about her emails? I'm getting more nauseous by the day.
You're awesome.
Seriously,  Will you run for President?
Did they ask you about you single handedly placing the most racist president in office in recent history? Curious what ur answer would be.
Really?
Was it recorded and online, by any chance?
#HU #YouKnow 
Welcome to the Mecca, sir.
Northern Highlands class of ‘91!
What a learning experience it would be to attend and participate in a course you teach. I retired from FBI in 1999 and obviously never had honor of knowing or working with you.
Thank you for your service! Hoping to see you back in higher office- SCOTUS
Wish I would have been there!
Hey Comey, were you sitting when they took your twitter profile pic? Or was it the worlds tallest tripod?
And thanks for inspiring us non-poli-sci majors to learn who Reinhold Niebuhr was. 
Opinion | Trump and his allies are laying the groundwork for a Saturday Night Massacre
Lordie, I hope there are tapes @HowardU
#Comey4Prison
Lordy I hope there's a tape!
I'm willing to bet every time you tweet, Trump loses his shit, and another of his flunkies lawyers up.
Lucky students.
@_madijewel @FormerBu Lordy, wish I was a student. PS run for Prez.
Wish I could get this chance to discuss things with you
Has there been a #ForensicCodeAudit w/data trails starting in the weird swing states like WI? Wouldn't it be #Conspiracy if Russia- 1/
actually hacked voting machines/flipped tabulation servers thus installing what Putin needs to get the $500BIL Exxon deal? Why wouldn't- 2/
Putin do the easiest/cheapest part of the equation? The propaganda was to give DJT a plausible win. But full GOP control + a mountain- 3/
of dirt on the GOP = controllability. No way Putin only hacked the Dems. He's hacked everyone. Who got no-degree Snowdon that cush job- 4/
@ Booz & why? Did Snowdon contact Greenwald & Poitras before he started? End game is Crimea recognized as Russia, sanctions lifted, 5/
$500BIL Exxon deal done, Europe & US destabilized/destroyed, Russia back in the oil business & in control of world currency. The GOP- 6/
has been being groomed by Russia for decades, example: Rohrabacher. We're in the middle of WWIII only we're too blind to see it. This- 7/
time the entire planet is the battlefield & every human is an unwitting soldier. Many have no idea they're fighting for the enemy & - 8/
That's kewl!
ummmmm...BREAKING?   
Seriously! Are you able to vote for Mark Cuban?
Fun fact! Sessions own DoJ looking into charging 6 RUSSIANS involved in stealing Hillary's emails!
Wow--DOJ has identified >6 members of the Russian government involved in the DNC hacks, could bring charges in 2018 https://www.wsj.com/articles/prosecutors-consider-bringing-charges-in-dnc-hacking-case-1509618203 …
Hahaha cia propaganda! Prosecutors Consider Charging Russian Officials for DNC hack http://technewshunter.com/tech-news/prosecutors-consider-charging-russian-officials-for-dnc-hack-42904/ … via @technewshunter.com

Thanks for your service - vindication will be served, hopefully sooner than later.
Crooked FBI and DOJ covered for Obama’s and Hillary of their crimes. Hope you’re happy money and politics meant more than honesty & dignity
Thanks Reinhold!
Bless you, Sir!  You're a great example of how we can all get past this era:  focus on staying positive & encourage that energy in others.
WOW.  How wonderful!
I made my first meme !! I hope you are proud.  It should come in handy frequently 
You look really happy, like you love the person you are looking at.  Did your wife take this picture?
What a lovely observation! And I'll bet she did. It's really good to see him looking so happy and relaxed.(I'm not crying, you're crying!)
Right?  It is nice.
Florida State University would fully welcome you too!!!
I’m so glad you are back!  I was worried about you!  Hey, you’re ok by my standards!
Reinhold Niebuhr is a great moniker.
VEEP VEEP
James thank you for your service to the country.  
What a wonderful gift you gave to that class at Howard.  Take away?  Life changing.  Thank you!
Please save us from Trump!!!
Lordy, Mr. C, you are a hero.  Thank you for standing up for what’s right.
I just want you to know you did all the right things when it comes to trump. Your the best!
"mildly nauseous"?

Glad to see you have a face now James! 
No visit to the School of Divinity?
I WISH I COULD HAVE A DISCUSSION WITH YOU DIRECTOR COMEY...ABOUT MANY THINGS INCLUDING THIEF'S THAT ROB MY NIBIRU CONNECTION ALL MY LIFE.
THIS IS ONE OF THEM..James L. Dettore - Chairman & CEO- 

￼"As" senior
La Chiesa dei Morti
I’m just sayin’...I would 
Whoops. Howard. My bad.
If it’s only at Harvard then Comey needs to get out more. Come to my Lifelong Learning Class in Nashville at Lipscomb U. It’s a civics class
Fortunate students. This old student would relish the opportunity.
Comey just before he revealed this was his Twitter account:
I'd LOVE to believe my #TallerThanCorn tweet, prior to Ben's reveal, helped encourage him just a little bit...  
I think you should do a Q&A 
I would have loved to be in that class
You will have great conversations in prison.
I have a question how does it feel to throw an American election to a Russian installed president and seeing what he is doing?
He’s Running! “Niebuhr” Holder 2020. I’m with them 
Thank u for ur service-pleaz remember that the majority of American's believe u to be a true patriot who put democracy first! #WeWontForget
I'm so jealous, I wish I was there.....

How about some Twitter questions? Would you consider running for office, being a pundit, or guesting on @lawfareblog with @benjaminwittes?
Or maybe just tell us a joke because I read somewhere that you’re much funnier in person.
I see what you did there, MM!  ;-)

Thats awesome
So glad you added a photo to your twitter account. Makes it much more real!
I’m jealous!!!
Will u ever be speaking anywhere in Ohio? I'd love to hear u!
Thank you for being a true patriot sir and for helping America too see what and evil thing tRump really is.
Did you answer the questions before they were asked, like you did in the Hillary investigation?
Politics aside, I think it’s wonderful that you chose to lecture at a HBCU and your contribution is accepted by the students and staff.
U personally called my father2thank him after “only” 42 years of service in the Bureau. He still laughs about it!Thank you for your service
Have we, the US, told you lately that we love you?  
And thank you for supporting Howard.
Oh, to be in that class....
I look forward to your book on 2016-17.
Anybody ask you what it’s like to lie to Congress?  You will be a convict soon.
wow...incredible opportunity!
Yeah you PUT YOUR FACE ON!!!! YESSSS!

@_madijewel -students @Harvard must be pissed...all they got was Sean Spicer
Thank you for your service.  No one is perfect, but at least you were sincere about doing your best for our country.  Very honorable.
Wonderful that these young people have the chance to speak to someone of such integrity a TRUE role model. God Bless you Sir.
#AmericanTreasure
Welcome back, Mr Comey! So excellent to see your face again!
Love the picture!
Golly, are there tapes?  So jealous of those students today:)
I am still waiting for the tell-all book.
We still need that BLUE CHECKMARK!! Might be Comey, COULD BE ME OR ANYONE at all. Madiii may be legit or hacked.
Shouldn’t you be twitter @verified? Also, thank you for your work
Thanks for your service to the country in the face of Russian conspiracy by @realDonaldTrump
Nice! You've updated your profile pic and info.
You're an honorable man Mr. Comey!
You just gave a group of students a memory that will stay with them their entire lives. Know this most honorable sir; History will be kind
I am glad you admit Trump did not win ( the electoral vote) on his merits
Wow great opportunity!!!!
You can change the name on your account now. Your face gives it away.
