To Pres.Trump how to pay for the wall,start a federal lottery
Did a corrupt FBI give Hillary Clinton a free pass?  Good article in
Misread as applesauce and really, for #45 the point is the same.
The Clinton Foundation must have been very good for you and your comrades. You never expected Hillary to lose did you? Uh oh
Remember when you were supposed to pretend to be unbiased?    ....I don’t see anyone quoting you—now or ever.  Maybe you will be remembered for whatever you write on your cell wall.
You are blowing me away.  I had respect for you, you reminded me of my father.  My father had class, you Sir, do not.
Is that how we should view all of Obama's rallies?  Especially the ones with the Roman columns.
Good one
Hmm. Who does that bring to mind . . . .
And your a desperate little man seeking out attention

You are “extremely careless” with the truth.  In fact, you’re a liar who gave false testimony to Congress.

“Set thy heart upon thy work, but never on its reward.” :Bhagavad Gita Chapter 2, Verse 47
Referencing the feeble-minded, unclothed emperor of the United Schtates?
Jessica did you know Schtates “штаты» in russian means States? It just slipped his tongue, he was scrambling to correct it!!! 
You can’t be serious?  Of course!
Dead serious. Its true
So uncanny, almost like he’s a Putin puppet.
Yeah. Almost. In other words trump is to putin, as Doug Jones is to Chuck and Nancy (as he likes to reference it)
He’s on in 10 minutes. 
Turn him off 
Please keep tweeting- you give me hope.
Thank you... Too bad you're still not leading our FBI... This Wray fellow seems to be confused and connected to Trump and the idiot from NJ Chris Cristy... We need you back...
Do you think @realDonaldTrump would get this? Me neither.
Gotcha
drip...drip...drip...
Confucius say, "Man who commit crime at HSBC has a debt which can never be repaid."
How are you doing, Jim?
In other words, Trump is a narcissist. Incredibly accurate. Thanks for the Bible lesson!
This will ultimately be Trump’s downfall. He can’t help but tweet radical things, even implicating himself in crimes, because he’s obsessed with people talking about him and thinking he’s great.
This entire problem is bigger than Trump, and his hands.  This is about the need for education, and a shift from our current model of fear-based politics to one based on science and humanism. Be part of the Party of Reason and Progress by joining here: https://partyofreasonandprogress.org/ 
The educational system is not fully at fault for the Orange Obscenity. What about prejudices related to race, gender,  religion et al.?
I would say the corruption of the DNC brought on by the Clinton crime family is the reason we have the Guy MAGA

With what has been exposed of you Party I would say someone is going down but not the guy that has been false investigated for the past year. Nothing there but what has been exposed for dems. Oh my
Sad
Art thou speaking of President Bonespur, perhaps...?
He doth. Methinks it's a commentary of either the silly rally or the faux approval ratings he tweeted earlier.
Yes...or the RALLY he’s having in Pensacola tomorrow to rile his base and bathe in their applause as he endorses pedophile @MooreSenate
Adulation is his drug of choice, right after whatever it is that gives him the sniffles and slushy speech. Dry mouth my pet hyena!
cocaine!   #IBelieveTheWomen   He said he doesn't drink either & everyone believed him!  Hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha
His body type doesn't suggest cocaine.
Lol
You've picked up Twitter quite nicely sir!  
#PoemBoy

Don’t you have some more classified “memos” to leak?
I want to thank you again for your many years of service. Wishing you & your family HAPPY HOLIDAYS.


If one hears evil, sees evil, and/or feels evil and does not SCREAM, then one is evil--Me

I have experienced evil Mr. Comey, and the FBI did not help me. As a chemical engineer with a degree in biological sciences, I blve I was affected by RF and MW weapons. Tell me about Cuba.
Amen
Jim. Can i call you Jim? Your account is cryptic af. I like it. 
Seriously! He's such a fuckin G at throwing shade.
You hear that, J. Edgar Jim? It’s the sound of no one clapping.
There is lots of shade in Florida tonight #RiseUp #MerryImpeachmas #DentureDonald #TrumpRussia
Wait is this GIF real? If so, this is so sad.
Some people don't get idiots just saying
Stop babbling , you know you were wrong in what you did. Sleep with your conscience
You are so fucking weak.
He's the president,, your sitting on your couch typing stupidity.
You are really good at this @Comey
PS I hope you’ve started writing a book.
Translation- Donald Trump is a shithead for continuing to do fake ass rallies so he can hear people applaud him for jack shit instead of fixing issues in America.
I keep asking:  "Where is the STOP button on how many trips/how much money a sitting prez can take/spend?"  Who decides this?  Such an abomination that he's spending all this taxpayer money on his NUMEROUS trips for his own "rallies" and personal vacations!
While not taking a dime in salary and personally paying legal fees of his team attacked by loony leftists.
He only just now started paying his own legal fees, altho that is one of the reasons for his many re elect rallies (in his first year of office), he is using those funds to pay for costs.

Besides why take a salary when all off ur airfare, food, trips, etc is paid for?
Everyone else has. But good question. Why did they take a salary?
Everyone else has sold their businesses unlike trump. Every place he goes to is trump branded for a reason, business write-offs. In short, he does not have any outside expenses besides his legal fees which are not coming directly from his pocket either.
No one else HAD businesses.   Sorry.
You cheeky devil ;-) love it.
Comey knows things we don't.
Keep calling this out.
Book deals are for disgruntled leakers"-Anonymous
That makes my day.
You’re a crook
Jim is that all u have is quotes of historical intelligent men, which you might have been one until you lost your moral compass & gave into what u were sure was a Clinton win.  Instead you ended up exposed as a lying biased hack with no moral direction, being followed by liberals
Burn, baby, burn.

I love you!!!!
YES! You are so right. Can't anyone stop this horror?
#Trump has "no pretensions to nobility whatsoever"... James Crichton Browne, 1874: “Senile dementia has been called ‘the last infirmity of  noble minds’, but experience will convince you that it is also the  infirmity of minds which have no pretensions to nobility whatsoever.”
With each spiteful tweet, you prove Trump right in firing you. He's still your president. As a former FBI director, you should show some damn respect in public, even if you hate him personally. Now go away you clown.
You're a CLOWN - a man with NO integrity...
@SanguDelle  ......shaaaaade....
Translation: Trumps a piece of shit for campaigning for a child molester.
James .@Comey, I wonder if your fellow inmates will share your appreciation of quotes?
What color is the sky in your alternative universe?  Ever wonder why none of the bs you’re fed by Fox EVER proved to be real? Ever stop and realize you’re being a tool?
Oh & Fox News only employs military personnel, Congressman, attorneys & judges & you think there is a problem with inaccurate news? I think not! Watch the hearing! Hahahaha! Judge Napolitano on Fox nailed this  in July! Lmao! We just waited! Takes the rest of u time 2 catch up
But you have to write “T-R-U-M-P” down the length of your finger with a Sharpie because I hear he doesn’t pay any attention to anything that doesn’t have his name on it.
Comey, applause seems to be your goal but your lack of a moral compass makes it the support of an angry mob!
You realize, Mr. Comey, that nearly all of your support and positive comments come from the anti-Trump, far left, liberal folks. Is this really what you want your legacy to be?
Not a fair comment, Scott. Believe it or not, President Asshat is pulling/pushing everyone to the middle. We're looking fro reasonable choices at this point.
Couldn't agree more. That's why this will end up, after a whole lot of pain, being beneficial. Lots of corruption being exposed, people are coalescing around values instead of party labels.  Forward patriots.
After I realized that Trump made me appreciate W, Its clear that finding core issues to agree upon is critical to the salvation of our nation. As bad as this is, we're going to be better on the other side of it.
You're one of the first honest persons I've heard from. You'll be an important voice in where we go from here.
First, appreciate your name... big fan of tilting at windmills myself. Second, if we can start honest discourse, without name calling and character disparaging, we're in a good place.
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
Please find the light.
What do you look for quotes all day guess you have nothing to say of your own well here’s one for you the devil is a liar, bible of Jesus Christ & so are you guess that makes you a devil
We know James Comey is a weak one.
Must have known chump
"All it takes for evil to flourish is for good men to do nothing."  ~Edmund Burke~
#WETHEPEOPLE  #THEGREATAWAKENING  #RELEASETHEMEMO  #LOCKTHEMALLUP  #MAGA
Did you write ‘Applause’ for @ladygaga ?
“Spur” lol, nice
I see what he did there 

Weak? You are weak!!not trustworthy for America!
Saved obama 2009, cud u get me outa here pleeezzzz
Yup. You’re correct.
I'm sorry Jim. My sight reading saw that as applesauce is the spur of noble minds
Do you have a mind of your own ? All I see are someone else’s quotes ... that’s why you are a puppet and not a leader .. Learn to think for yourself .
Amen to that and decorated Marine Robert Mueller is the right man for the job. This is the only reality show that I've ever enjoyed watching and it's awesome! Next up? I've got bets on Jared Kushner 
Russian troll says what?

Thankfully the evidence of your hypocrisy & disconnect from reality is on full display. Matthew 15:8 "These people honor me with their lips, but their hearts are far from me." HINT: "These people" = you!

I hope Putin takes away your vodka rations
Not even close ... but I'm sure you're used to that 

You look, walk & sound like a Russian Troll, joined Twitter in Jan 2017, Spread propaganda & misinformation like a Russian Troll ... So yeah ... I think you're a Russian Troll with slightly better English than most.
You'll need all kinds of soothing aphorisms in prison.
Bless
You will also be prosecuted for your crimes against our Republic after selling your soul to Obama and his Marxist agenda.
airhead
Love this
"You. Busted. Soon." - Me
This guy needs to get jailed
Applause is a racket run by the classical languages industry.

~kilroy
Honesty is more than lying.It is truth telling,truth speaking,truth living,& truth loving. TRUTH, something you know nothing about. LIAR
t. Literally a jaded ex-employee complaining about his former boss, the billionaire married to a supermodel most powerful man on the planet.
This guy has the worst case of sour grapes
I applaud you, sir, and therefore spur you on. You walk a fine and precarious line: firmly on the sidelines, you do your patriotic duty as you see it and speak loud and clear to other patriots, and to patriots in training, who dare listen to truth. PS I've always liked tall men.
Applause is what u heard around u when u got the boot. Hypocrite Hillary and comey all in one sentence. Your a joke
James Comey, you were weak and a coward as head of the FBI. Anyone with halfway intelligence can see right through what you did. You cowarded to an administration by letting Hillary Clinton off the hook to appease to colleagues instead of upholding the law. Shame on you!
“I’ll be clapping once you have been exposed for all the corruption you have been privy to over the last 2 years.”-Lukester
You have brought the @FBI  to disgrace. Justice was not blind at the FBI it was used as a political hammer with you at the helm. That will be your legacy.
Money and power, though, that's the stuff dreams are made of.
I hope the President or someone on his staff follows you...
Good burn bro... lol
HOW ABOUT THIS KARMA ALWAYS COMES AROUND (2017- THE DEPLORABLES)
TRUMP WILL BE PROVEN INNOCENT !

And you subverted #HillaryClinton & presidency with your desperate need for applause.
You really think applause is the reason he did what he did?
The Perception of American Leadership/Exceptionalism is Being Systematically Drained While the Swamp is Alive & Kicking
He has no soul, and searches for accolades as a substitute.
poetry from crooked cops makes me sick.  Tick tock.
This is my favorite yet.
"The FBI under James Comey became a corrupt weapon of the Obama/Clinton cabal". - Me (2017)
James, you knew that you perverted Justice when you exonerated Hillary! You have a day coming that you will have to answer for!
The only thing necessary for evil to prosper is for good men to do nothing!
Edmond Burke
Fat finger correction: Edmund Burke
Definitely right on!  Thank you.
U only quote? Guess u actually speaking would result in more lies.
Two of the best words I have ever heard as an American citizen, "YOU'RE FIRED"! #MAGA

@realDonaldTrump
Is it the #BoneSpur of noble minds?
Once again, impeccable timing for your quote.  Certainly explains the ongoing rallies on which Trump wastes taxpayer dollars.
One fish, two fish, red fish, blue fish
Here's one I ran across recently:
"A fool can always find a bigger fool to admire him." Nicolas Boileau-Despreaux
Weak minds you say??? Is that why you became so corrupt? You’re going to jail
May the truth set us free from this disaster of a president and a Republican party focused of taking away from their constituents. #TrumpEffect
Without a doubt, Sir. Would you return to the job if your colleagues unseat him?

@WaydeDe @veteran423 ........and in reply, I educate Comey, courtesy of Roman Senator & historian Tacitus:
@realDonaldTrump  money can't buy character or morals.

Shade game so strong.
Excellent quote!
Yes, I hear he was pretty angry with Hope Hicks because she was a little busy today and couldn’t be there clapping for him.

I'm hungover af and read this as applesauce is the spur of noble minds
Honestly... Twitter should be giving you a salary.
I am pro that idea but I would also settle for them delivering three tylenols directly to my bed
Just eat some applesauce and spur your mind?
Really, people, This Twitter account is for one purpose to sell his pos book. Ethical leadership my ass
Popavich-Comey ticket in 2020!!
Burke on the 6'8" lying weasel who tried to hide from POTUS in blue curtains and in his hubris regales us with thoughts on leadership.."By gnawing through a dike even a rat may drown a nation."
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." - Edmund Burke
Isn't it time you found a job?  Local DPW or Orange Leaf Yogurt Store. Maybe Uber?
He's your President
Comey = Homie

I read this quote as saying "applesauce," and was very confused.

Says the #WimpyKid w/ the leaky .@FBI diary who allowed someone else to scribble in “extremely careless” & .@AGLynch made you call it a “matter”.

Was your mind having moments of weakness?
That's not who quoted that but King Solomon did say "Do you see a man who is wise in his own eyes? There is more hope for a fool than 4 him"
Trump's continued rallies are eerily reminiscent of Nuremberg ...
Indeed...
Thus we may know that there are five essentials for victory: 
1 He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight. 
2 He will win who knows how to handle both superior and inferior forces.
3 He will win whose army is animated by the same spirit throughout all its ranks.
So right...
who knew you could destroy democracy by repeating stupidity in threes. Great great great/applause. Have we become puppets?
Moral voices can also become sanctimonious bullies.
-Nicholas Kristoff
I see what you did there.
And what do you say about a man of your stature hiding behind curtains?
Why are the weak malleable minds believing the, well, crap they're being fed? The GOP are a joke and destroying the Constitution
How?
Mr. Comey, you crack me up! I'm not sure if you or Mr. @waltshaub are the reigning king of shade! Let's make it a tie. 
What does this have to do re: you...not in any way noble...
And foot-spurs were an excuse for some people to shirk the responsibility placed on a generation. #Whichfoot ?

Do you prefer orange or black and white stripes, unbelievable what you allowed to happen with Hillary. You were an American hero
Trump to a T
Good one
weak minds change the narrative from “investigation” to “matter” because she told me to! Weak minds change from “grossly negligent” to “extremely careless” because he told me to! Misrepresenting facts to the country is weak James!
Please, tell us someone in your family has staged an intervention 
Gee....I wonder who on earth you could be referring to...
#LockHimUp!! U betrayed your country!! And you laugh about it! U r sick and so UNAmerica!!! Shame is all you have brought to ur name!! Sad  #thankGodforTrump!! Truth is finally coming out!!
Leaker in Chief
The walls are closing in, the curtain will be coming down soon.

tick tock
Have you ever considered that people don't really CARE what you have to say????
And I think you have some examples to illustrate the aphorism.
Super fucking ironic that @realDonaldTrump liked this post. He’s as dense as he looks, acts, and speaks. #DenturesDonald
Love you for your integrity and honesty, I hope it will keep American Great and lock trump up
You're screwed, Comey. They're going to make you the fall guy. If not, you'll all fall which most likely will happen anyway. Just shut up and stop looking like an idiot like this guy 

how are you doing?
Said By a man who is craving applause for his tweet
Funny how liberals love Comey when this time last year they were blaming him for Hillary losing.
If only you knew what I know.
Jimmy ole' boy you are an establishment turd! 

I wonder who is more intelligent you or Mueller? 

Because the more intelligent of you two would be collecting emials, communications and anything you could to flip on the other guy and in the process save your a*s.

We'll see.
Stay on fox pinhead
Ps whay are you hiding? Your not a russian TROLL r u
