You have all the "integrity" of Hitler.

Comey lecturing on ethical leadership, integrity, and morality is like Hitler lecturing about tolerance and diversity. The gall of this creature to tweet the sanctimonious BS that he does is utterly depraved given his history of disrespect for the law.
That landed right between the dotard's eyes and he doesn't even know it.
LOL
This Millers for you !
How dare a turn coat like you, quote a real man with integrity.
Again, you are not leaders because you have no integrity! You have stolen our trust.
lA burning question is why when you political hacks get yourselves so embroiled in working outside the bounds of the law become so philosophical. typically you and others like you take on saying quotes from famous honorable people, or do you hide yourselves in him to escape self
Correct.
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
Now about
Aiding in the excape of illegal immigrants.
Deportation is aiding in their excape.
Obstruction of Justice?
Impeachment of Every Politician who helped them excape.
James
I asked Robert Mueller to run for president in 2020.
No reply.
Would you like to be President?
Your the only two who can win.
Im Demacrat.
I would vote for you in a split second.
What do you know about integrity?  I say NOTHING!
I’ll leave this right here @BobSMueller @Comey @jessethebuilder http://www.abovetopsecret.com/forum/thread1197635/pg1 …

blah blah blah
Must have learned that too late, huh?
Really!  Integrity, interesting.  I assume you were not referring to yourself
Hillarygate shows that you have no integrity.
Why would 7 tweet this?Talk about putting foot in mouth. U have lost all your integrity.Amazes me how blind some people are about themselves
Sir with all due respect... may I please pose a question many of my Veteran buddies ask... has the actions of this group in the WH become TREASON?
Espionage in an attempt to overthrow US government supported by US Oligarchs and FOX/SINCLAIR propaganda outlets
Can they be stopped?
Yes and are being
I want to play  for the mass at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception when Trump and cabal are removed from DC. The nation and her people will sleep again. The fear this cabal has brought has damaged our nation. They deserve the fate of traitors
benedict Arnold solution seems reasonable for modern day traitors as well!
In a single generation from now, the name Benedict Arnold will be much less known as history teachers will talk of Trump being the biggest traitor in the history of America.
Trojan Horse

Trump will be talked of as an actual Trojan Horse, not just a traitor but a being who had other enemies riding into the heart of our country & come out of his being there to fight trying to take us all over

#Resist
That is just silly. The Saudis already own the USA. They didn't need a Trojan horse, just lots of money and oil. Remember where most 9/11 terrorist came from, then the US attacked a country that had nothing to do with it, over CIA WMD LIES, and overthrew their government?
You know what's REALLY silly? Anyone betting against AMERICANS!

NO. ONE .OWNS. US. 

E V E R !

buh bye tested #Putinbot 

#PaperBallots #VerifiedVoting #MoscowEmbassy #PuertoRico #USVI #FrankenInvestigate #Resist #TrumpRussia #GOPTaxScam  #TrumpTaxScam
Too bad James Comedy has NO INTEGRITY whatsoever.  I wonder how much Comedy was paid to shit on his pledge to uphold the Constitution and exonerate Hillary Clinton.  With his low morals it probably wasn't very much, I'm sure he could be bought very cheaply.
Haha integrity, you never had it
I do believe that you had integrity when you brought the true Hillary to the foreground. I believe you knew she was dangerous and you stopped her. Thank you!
What do you know about integrity?
Obviously we have been short of that quality of leadership for about 24 years now!!!
Integrity is something You don't have!!
You sure do have a lot of retweet’s from @BobSMueller that’s sweet #FBIcoverup #FBIsecretsociety
I agree that is why you were fired you do not have any integrity
Wonder if that includes jail time  . . . I guess you'll find out being your headed for an indictment and prison along with your boy friend @BobSMueller #ReleaseTheMemo
https://twitter.com/glendabas/status/953647578675105793 …
You are a great American JC we love you
You mean Trump won’t even qualify to run his chain gang? SAD!
Brilliant .....
APPARENTLY THE ESSENCE OF POLITICS IS LOOK LIKE U ACTUALLY HAVE INTEGRITY! YOUR ACTIONS DUN NECCESARILY HAVE TO REFLECT WHAT U R SELLING....COR. DE JURE & DE FACTO.
and then he promptly proceeded to put FBI's very existence in question, by yielding unquestionably on just that.

And you have less than zero....
@coney @realDonaldTrump @maddow @dacullington .  Dear Donnie:  You May learn something from prior “Great Leaders”!
Welp, that must be why you were fired.
So sad you lost yours!
Why didn t you arrest Hillary and her dem party?
Yeah keep writing quotes on leadership to get the 10 people who will buy ur book to read it!!
You have NO INTEGRITY! YOU'RE A CLINTON PUPPET !
You have nerve to talk about integrity? Really? You, Mueller all corrupt. It's a shame how you two corrupted the FBI leadership. You know what you did & what you r doing & u will have to answer for it one day.
Exactly, anyone n high government office whos leadership is called into question can no longer do the job 100%.
It's a shame that's such a high percentage of our leaders. False n fake accusations do not count.
Too bad you have none! LOCK HER UP! Gross negligence!
How unfortunate that you couldn't posses that quality.
@cnnbrk @CNN @MSNBC I think that is hypocritical since it looks like to me Robert Mueller is taking money from my country under false pretense President Trump did not colluded with Russia and everyone knows it

Your Integrity has been in question for a long time now.
IN THE END EVEN IN THE FACE OF DEFEAT, TO HAVE STOOD YOU GROUND WITHOUT QUARTER, IS THE THING TO REMEMBER. TREACHERY IS A POOR SUBSTITUTE FOR HONOR & DIGNITY, YOU HAVE BOTH. KEEP WELL
@pet1713 
you've got nerve to even type that word, integrity.
A great General he was, and owed the gratitude he would never seek.  Like all he too was flawed.
Your a good actor.
OMG this has to be a meme!!! Your killin it!!!
This quote definitely doesn’t apply to you.
Why don’t you do the honorable thing and fully confess all wrong doings from your office to try and manipulate the election and all the money from Clinton’s that influence your office and members of the FBI
You allowed Clinton’s to dishonor your reputation.  I home you have a huge Swiss bank account in the Clintons honor. You sold out to the Devil. Sad to say that the Clintons money won’t buy you a space in heaven
U have no integrity!  U r a traitor and belong in ptison!  Sooner than later!
Well we now know you gave no way integrity! Don’t we?
Blessings tu yu
You talk of INTEGRITY! You SIR are a LEAKER!! And circumvented the very system you claim you represented with Integrety!! Your hypocrisy knows no bounds!!!  
GOOD DAY SIR!!!
That would be Sen.Bernie Sanders, the most honest politician in our Gov't 
#Berniewouldhavewon #Bernie2020
You quoting DDE is a travesty. You have no credibility and have brought a once proud organization to ruin. Shame
A shame our Potus doesn’t subscribe to this
So basically, you are saying you truly sucked as a leader in the FBI !!! I only say that due to all who have been Corrupted in their roles under your leadership!!
This was Obama’s way
I don't think you have any integrity, sir.
Don’t you dare preach your crap because you all are about to get your butt’s handed to you finally your corrupt FBI agent Strzok didn’t document or tape interview w/Hillary changed your statement about her she should have been jailed.

You didn’t do anything about this!
To bad y’all didn’t listen and apply that to your lives!
Including the FBI and you and your dark secret police actions and attack on the president and the constitution are criminals not leaders.
Really? You wanted to help Clinton be POTUS. That woman hasn't an ounce of integrity in her entire body. She's the embodiment of satan.
SUCCESS: Something a little more specific and relevant, not to mention dead set accurate from Powerglobal.us in May 10, 2016

Quoting everyone what do you have to say for yourself?  Your time is now
FBI Peter Strzok and the FBI woman both commit adultery and we are supposed to trust people with no moral integrity.
Your integrity is very questionable & your success as a leader will not be favorable in history. The FBI, however, will be rebuilt as an institution of which Americans can be proud of again.
LIAR!   You have NO INTEGRITY!
Says the person with no integrity
It got you to the head of the #FBICoverUp
You cannot pick and choose who gets away with lying to the FBI. that's not integrity. That's the action of a police state. The FBI is the new Gestapo
You, sir, are sorely lacking in the integrity department. If you had integrity, you'd have HRC indicted for selling her office to the highest bidder, for destroying gov property after reciving court order to hand it over, and for lying to the FBI.
Unfortunately that is a quality that is missing in 45
Quit talking! No cred! You are done!
Then why is Hillary walking the streets when she broke federal laws under ur leadership in FBI. Not only did she brake ferderal laws, she lied to Congress, lied to FBI, lied to the public, &received questions 2Presidential debate. Seems like you guys couldn't have helped her more
@comey you seem like you've lost it a little. Thanks to the both of you for helping to guide America into the gutter.
Amen
Obviously why you are no longer the FBI director. You have ZERO integrity. You failed miserably in your leadership roll. You disgraced the FBI and led the American people to not trust it. How does it feel to know that your lack of integrity cost the FBI it’s reputation.
Mr. Comey your a breath of fresh air. I knew you were telling the truth. You were put in a tough place and did the right thing. Right on brotha.
"The police acted stupidly" doesn't say much for integrity. smh No respect for those who protect us.
Beware those who jedi-bend words to cover for their and other's wrongs. When a crime becomes carelessness without intent.
Comey, if i were you i would stay the hell off of Twitter.  You cant hide your true colors on this platform.  Be best if you just lived a nice quiet life, and please take your buddy Mueller or whatever he is to you, with you!
Integrity doesnt include lying to save your job.  It wasnt worth keeping.  You have no balls Comey!
Which is why you are no longer in charge of the FBI.  You're "sermons" are not fooling anyone. #MAGA
The only think unquestionable about tRump is his dishonesty
So why didn't you exhibit that trait
Comey has ZERO integrity.
Apparently integrity means something different to you than it does everybody else. What we call integrity wouldn't have let you cover for the Clinton Crime Family.
Yes yes yes yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Unquestionable Integrity" ?  Comey should practice what he preaches..he is no Eisenhower.
You were FIRED! America saw through you since your days with Whitewater! U have been a pawn for Clinton for decades, bending over without any integrity whatsoever! Trump is the opposite, a Patriot hero, loved by MILLIONS in this country and others! He can't be bought like U were!

I Like Ike!
Which our idiot @POTUS doesn’t have! He has to refer to the Dictionary to see the real meaning! He is a liar and poor leader of this great nation!
After a confidential meeting with the President does a good leader run to his laptop, transcribe a self serving version of the meeting, send this transcribed version to a professor at Columbia University and instruct this person to leak it to the NY Times?
Integrity, a quality that you don't possess. The word integrity shouldn't be uttered by those that have committed perjury.
Funny coming from you
/ lock-stepping under Clinton and Holder? 
Roberts won! We won!!
I hope you are thinking about running for POTUS!
Hmmm.. so you're saying you've not got the skills? I mean, you let the witch walk because you were looking forward to a longer tenure at the FBI?
Would this would explain why you are no longer the Director of the FBI?
I wish it would someone would have integrity and take u out @realDonaldTrump
You would do well if you would  follow Eisenhower's dictum's!!!
Rich, coming from the man who helped create and then revealed, the partisan, putrid corruption of the FBI & the DOJ.
I've also heard that "A truly wise man is acutely aware of how much he doesn't know." I always felt that humility was an under-rated virtue. These days it seems to be a lost one as well. Your humility is refreshing.
I like IKE!!!
So there's a couple of things we should go over... Nevada, Oregon. A couple names.. Finicum, Bundy... before you share stupid quotes.. do you even have lawyers?
For some reason the word integrity and Comey don't seem to mix.
Why are you always quoting someone else? Your brain must be in your ass.
Again, Hilarious coming from you.
Don't you wish our WH administration leaders had some....even a little?
Integrity is subjective. There is danger in feeling too confident about one's own integrity...so one must also be open to hearing other points of view.
Unquestionably integrity manifest itself even if nobody  knows the extent of it to the concerned leader
In which James Comey is far from a man of integrity who obviously likes to hide behind other peoples quotes to try to appear wise.
Hmmm do you think Eisenhower leaked classified information to a reporter? #fraud #ComeyFiring
US, needs a good leader. 
Not like, this guy, 
I told him; gave him good advice in several of my blog posts, where he would see it. When he first got elected. 
Before he got himself in so deep. But, he didn't listen to me. 
My Take, On The 2016 Election. https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2016/11/19/1598777/-My-Take-On-The-2016-Election …
Hence  YOU, lost your job! I mean, you were "Fired"!!   Get it yet?
Really? How do you square that with exhonerating Hillary before all the evidence was evaluated? We know she risked Nat Security
Bill and Hillary, your corrupt lifesponsors, evidently never heard of this quote.
Yes! Do as I say and not as I do!
Very crafty diversion...you apparently ran the FBI with no integrity
You give us a lot of old sayings, how about you tell us about Trevor Aaronsons Ted talk, and while your at it , tell us how many of the mass shootings were staged you know black flag events , to dis arm the American people truth would be nice
Lacking desperately in your political system right now!
You’re enjoying yourself way too much. (But I must admit your quotes are a guilty pleasure).
Unfortunately, integrity left the GOP when Eisenhower gave Jerry Falwell and the religious right a springboard to spread the bigotry.
Mr. Comey,  So why did you pull your punches? Say both sides r being  investigated OR investigat both silently. Be brave, my best, jml
Eisenhower is dead!  We now have Trump & I think you had a lot to do with that!
So you got fired because... you did not have enough integrity?
Trump will destroy America
Mr. Comey, either you are misunderstood or you have a different understanding of integrity.
