Hey James, did you get a new verse a day calender? We all know you don't live with  steady diet of morals! You PRE EXONERATED A CRIMINAL! Had you not done that,AND allowed Stzork access to it, had you done your job the legal way, you wouldn't look half as bad!Just be accountable!
...and close the door.
How's the wifi in your dacha comrade Leonis?
Ask Comey, he helped fake the Russian "dossier". With active help from Russian spies.
Dossier is true. Stop watching fox&friends and pull your head out of the sand.
Don't have cable, so no Fox and anything. Can't argue facts... But. But. But. FOX NEWS! Fool.
The Dossier was compiled by fmr British intelligence agent Chris Steele. If you're an American you should be sick about Trump/Ruskie collusion!

Are you talking about me?
No.I just couldn't resist. But it is cute.
Who would win the cutest baby award?
Baby  pictures noooo
Good advise. You should have taken it more to heart. Hillary should be on trail as you damn well know.
Thank goodness you are taller and funnier in person.
#SubTweetKing #NoShadeLikeComeyShade
Oh be quiet tiny self righteous boob
...or rather, the “abuse” of power.
On power and mercy:

“ ‘Tis mightiest in the mightiest; it becomes
The throned monarch better than his crown”

(Shakespeare, 16th century)
#JEdgarComey Had no interest in upholding the rule of law during his tenure. History will show you were a corrupt, political pawn.
True and you have proven through power to be an un-American, Constitution subversive.
Soooooo........you do know Official Misconduct is a crime right?  Did you hire that attorney yet?    Better make that the next thing you do!!!  @realDonaldTrump
Dude.   You're in real trouble now!   Should have just left quietly
(2)..it seems, doesn't have his own Twitter. So maybe you'd want to pass this on. When I saw what Trump said this morning, that he "was...
Jim. You are so wise. Dope. Just go away
God bless you Jim
Only you and Bob Mueller possess the courage and integrity to investigate Russian interference. You did most jobs before you got fired, I’m sure Bob will finish it.
We know. We’re all on board with your martyrdom being catalyst for the most important investigation ever. Your righteous tweets don’t help.
Nice
Hey, did Peter Strzok write and post this for you?
Please stop your inspirational quotes and bible verses twitter posts. It makes you look like a bigger fool than you already are.
Thank you Sir! That was absolutely true then and it is still true today.
#PINO #PresidentInNameOnly
No matter how hard Evil tries, it can never quite match up to the power of Good, because Evil is ultimately self-destructive. Evil may set out to corrupt others, but in the process corrupts itself.” ― John Connolly, The Infernals
No shade like Comey shade. 
Yes!!! 
More YES!!!!!- I'm going to steal that, ok, Tricia????
Take it, sister!
I might make a t-shirt with it, it's a GREAT expression!!!!!
3 mediums and a large, please. 
XXL 4 u
Thanks, Steven!  I appreciate you looking out for me.
Very strong words but REAL
This!!!!!  Absolutely!!!!!!!!  300%
Will be interesting to see how this tweet ages....
And nothing discloses real intelligence like a man with zero credibility accusing Jim Comey of lying.
Comey you will go down in history as a trader to this country you no good piece of shit. How can you sleep at night letting this criminal http://off.How  much she paid you?
We need more real men and women like you to help heel this country. Hopefully soon Trumpians will be a thing no more!
"You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him."
@HillaryClinton @AGLynch planning the fix
True
Boy James hope your watching @seanhannity you are toast hope u are preparing for prison this is not #FakeNews cnn this is real. I hope u have a lifetime of soap on a roap someone can sneak u into prison. The fix is in u all are finished we wont let this go
So true
Only you know what power does, it helps @Comey rig election and phony charges against an innocent @POTUS
Innocent potus? HAhahahahahaha, that's hilarious. Bye bot
Yes, we saw what you, Obama, and Hillary did with power.
Yes and you abused yours!!
Go look in the mirror..
Guilty!
So let me get this right...Just how many times does Jim Comey - an attorney and ethics professor - lie to a Federal Judge in order to get FISA warrants? 3, 4, 5, 6X?

Bingo!
I was going to tweet the crimes you are guilty of, to you, again.... But you know already.
The more I learn the worse it gets.
Exactly, that's how Fox News works! 
At least they are reporting on “all” the news.
#TRUTH...Comey subtweet king...
Yes! Seriously my favorite twitter account.
Yes!! Mine too...
Some people know how to make good use of their 280 characters.
“Some...”
I know what you’re sayin’
We’re subtweeting a subtweet 
It’s a beautiful thing. Technology.
Comey will forever be my homey.
Your right and it shows you have a very bad character
Your grammar affliction suggests you are a bot with NO character.
HA HA HA HA HA you funny
I rest my case. 
Little Jimmy @Comey pleas ask you Wife and Mom to stop tweeting us
After watching all of this for over a year, it would be interesting to know who you had in mind when you wrote this on twitter
Only God has power. Man is human. No superior powers possible, except working together for common good.
https://twitter.com/mattyglesias/status/960194008319488002 …
You obviously didn't know how to handle power. You abused it severely by doing corrupt Obama's bidding. Did you wash his underwear too.
Truer words may never be spoken
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
Thank you for putting Democracy over your own interests. I know an FBI agent who says you were revered among rank & file. I believe.
Coney, got that right look at how you abused your power!
So true.
@potus
This sounds like an admission of guilt. 
Bye bot
Wow u really like to hear urself talk dont u!
Why would anyone tweet quotes that condemn himself? This is a deeply troubled person.
You were given power and weaseled out of doing the right thing because you were in the bag for that evil woman. #ShameOnYou #YouPickedTheWrongHorse #YouAreNowIrrelevant
Your subtweeting game is unparalleled, Mr. Comey.
“Nothing discloses real character like the use of power.  ...  Most people can bear adversity; but if you wish to know what a man really is give him power. “ Robert G. Ingersoll (1883, speaking of Lincoln)
you had a lot of power.  you believed you knew best.  you were wrong.  we are paying the consequences.

Very clever using Pedowood.

It did take the NYPD threatening to out Comey when he wouldn't release the #LifeInsurance file of Anthony Weiner.
Why are you telling me any of this? I don’t give a f*ck about your opinion.
Spoken like a true Hillbot! Next...block. So predictable.
Comey #FBI = Fantastically Biased Investigator.  What a disgrace in what was disclosed today on the changed Hillary documents #corruption
Considering the majority of Americans think Drumpf is a moron, you’re upset he had a common opinion?
"Nothing discloses real character like the use of power."  Yeah. And nothing discloses the lack of character like the abuse of power. I hope you enjoy this last Christmas outside of a prison.
@TheJusticeDept @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  Comey has shown world what a biased abuse of authority looks like.  He is perfect example what an arrogant bureaucrat is.  He belongs behind bar for his violations of decency, ethics, and the laws he violated & not a white collar prison!
Yes, very true...How do you think you handled the use of power?
Privilege should be aware of itself so that they know the moments to extend their respectful hands to others to lift up. ty @Comey
Again, sir, might you like to contextualize this quote with your decision week before US presidential elections to imply criminal misconduct of 1 of the candidates for office (the qualified one)?
The country deserved better than you Jim Comey! You corrupted the FBI for your own personal gain. Disgraceful
Jim, as a fellow career Fed LEO, I want you to know I have lost all respect for you based on your actions that have been revealed. These show not only your misfeasence but, what it is being revealed more and more each day, your actual malfeasance.  Sad end to your career.
I agree,Comey thought he was GOD. now he's an ex fbi director who was fired for corruption and political bias. That is what's funny about history Mr. Comey, it tells the truth long after your gone. You thought you were more powerful then the TRUTH, and that's never the case
God knows your heart .. so be careful who you accuse of anything ..
(5)..going to try & do that to HIM! Wray MUST be CAREFUL & STRONG! He MUST keep Trump OUT of the FBI's INDEPENDENCE! We think Trump is EVIL!
https://t.co/kNI9mdZV5z?amp=1
Are you trying to confess, @comey we'll wait.
Why did you use it criminally in the Hillary exoneration? Practice what you preach. It’s good for the soul
I hate you.
His time is coming
you knew better @Comey and you blew it big time....shame....you can write all these handy quote reminders in your jail cell.
Why do you troll yourself with quotes like these?
This kind of looks like your up that proverbial creek.
You are a disgrace to law enforcement and have further ruined the once stellar reputation of the FBI. I hope you see actual prison time.
SHUT UP!  Your credibility is in the negatives!
Yeap you allowed “power” to go to your head and you will pay dearly for what you tried to cover up! The American people deserve better!
Mr. Coney, I believe it is time for every American to take up arms and proceed to Washington D.C. Every facet of our government is being undermined by Donald Trump and many Republican law makers. As  well as the"False" news agency of Fox News. Disgusted
@Comey has hit it out of the park!
Like obstructing Justice? James you are weak!
And Boy did the Power Corrupt You!
u should know u used yours to try and destroy pur country i hope u pay dearly
You ought to know all about, right?
YOU sir CLEARLY & ILLEGALLY ABUSED your power and showed the American people your lack of character,morality,sense fairness & justice! You are a fraud & will face the very same Lady Justice that you manipulated & circumvented for CROOKED HILLARY & the rest of the Obama admin.
Investigator, Jury and Judge all in one! Wow! YOUR FIRED!
can't belive a froot loop was actually running the fbi..
We know what you are, then don’t we? 
How does it feel to be the worst head of FBI ever?
Bahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah! You are just the worst.
You can give us a better confession than that...
I doubt the current squatter and Chief pester could read or comprehend Robert Ingersoll. I think the orange man is stuck on "See Spot Run".
You had some and abused it. Got fired. Disappear already
How prophetic... your character is transparent. You supported Hillary to keep your job... you were sure she would be President. You have imbued our country with shame.
No excuse.  It is Obstruction of Justice by a Sitting FBI Director.  He should be out on Bail by now.
Your a crook... Go away

Plz take putin up on his offer for asylum ...
You keep quoting others because you're afraid that your words will be legally used against you? Figures. The power you once held merely revealed your Anti-American acts and corruption.
Shady Comey, you’re about to find out about power you clown.
So what do you think that says about you and are you publicaly repenting?

Are you high?
Yea Jim and Cyndy Lauper Said....."I See Your True Colors Shining Through".... So Fucking What???
Agreed ...having said that  - YOUR CHARACTER REALLY SUCKS and YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED.
Still using cute quotes like you’re in the clear. But the “Clinton Matter” is only the tip of the iceberg. And I know you and Clinton think you’re above the law b/c you both have dirt on others or we’re doing the bidding of Barry Sotero and so safe but it ain’t like that Homey.

And you sure abused yours.
The truth will set you free. Sad state of affairs in our great country, the very fiber on which this country was founded is being undermined.
Don't interfere with anything in the Constitution. That must be maintained, for it is the only safeguard of our liberties. (Abraham Lincoln)
Are you serious Comey?? Wow... 
We The People Are Looking For JUSTICE FOR AMERICA AND PRESIDENT TRUMP!
Hey, you are talking about yourself ???? Because this fit on you perfectly .....
Did you look in the mirror when you wrote this?
You should go back to blending in with the curtains.
Wouldn't you feel better, if you just beat everyone to the finale The TRUTH will set you free- you'll look like a real man with some dignity left. Americans may forgive you stranger things have happen Like Trump winning the Presidency #MAGA
Obstruction of justice flows like the water to Comey's faucet.
The irony. Jim indites himself.
Sucks to be you doesn't it Jimmy
And you have no character.

I'm inclined 2 agree with your analogy: nothing discloses real character like the use of power; that's exactly why anyone who abuses their power to serve their own political purpose is a disgrace to any office they may represent! It also demeans those who honor their commitments.
The title of the history book on Donald Trump‘s presidency will be ”The Trump Presidency-Mastering the Abuse of Power”.
AKA  The Art of the Fail.
Yes - and how did YOU use your power, JC?  By being the primary reason we're now a foot & 1/2 from a dictatorship. This is on you... buddy.
Some #true shit here !!
Which side of history are you really going to come out on?

Surely you must know it's all going to come out?

Are you really calm, or do you must have a good lawyer. Or did you flip?
We will see, won't we.
We sure found out you couldn't handle power, Loser!
Mr. Coney, sorry!
Just come clean and ask for imunity ! You know you're going to jail either way . I hope nothing happens to you , WE THE PEOPLE want to see true justice served .
Sounds gross negligence to me oops my bad I mean "extremely careless"  (Me speaking of  Comey 2017)
Yep we agree...And you showed exactly who you are!
BREAKING: Ron Johnson has obtained an original copy of Comey’s Hillary “Exoneration” Statement. There were MULTIPLE Edits that appear to PURPOSELY soften the “tone & substance” to make Clinton look less culpable. Mueller need to look at the FBI, not Russia http://nws.mx/2jTJQsY 
Yes & we found out what you really are!!! You should have NEVER been put in any position of power!!!
I think we are all getting a very good idea of what sort of man you are.......#Comeyuppance
Fits you perfectly Comey. We all saw what you did with power. You are a real dirtbag
Come hw come u don't realize that President Trump is a great leader in the whole world in this new technology generation.
tick toc
I will celebrate the day you are convicted. Your an embarrassment to the hard working agents.
Quote Lincoln all you want, doesn't help anything. You were used as a tool for the Hillary Machine.  Obama Admin unleashed on Trump Campaign & deep state attack on his Presidency w/ media help. #FBIcorruption. Obama Chicago style politics on full display.
Lincoln and JFK, two presidents who were assassinated by the cabal for doing the right thing.  You helped Hillary, a mass murderer, get off.  Either you're the most hypocritical person ever, or she had self destruct implants in the heads of all of your family members #SoConfused
Comey vs Me -"You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today." - Abraham Lincoln - 
"Being president doesn't change who you are, it reveals who you are".
Paraphrasing Michelle Obama (speaking of Barack a while back).
More detailed reports about how the FBI cracked the case of a major Russian effort to penetrate the North American uranium industry through a host of illegal activities, but somehow the whole matter was slow-walked and kept from U.S. government official by Mueller and Comey

I wish you would run for president 
Telling on yourself I see?
You don’t have that.
You’re becoming insufferable.
Exactly, and you abused the crap out of yours.... Russian dossier faking fool.
Like making someone else your fall guy?
31. Either Priestap is going to be the attempted fall-guy for the entire scheme.

-OR-…
