@Comey you wrote me and told me “I am the most honest man I know”. I can’t believe you had the gall to say that with ALL the Bull Sh!t coming out about you. I didn’t believe It then but my goodness, didn’t you take an oath? You have made me lose ALL trust in the @FBI SAD 
You cannot call yourself a Christian and be a 45 supporter. End of story. Jesus would never in a million years support 45 and of you really believe he would you’ve missed the entire point of Christianity.
Nice to know you are a chosen one,to know who Is & isn’t a Christian. I’m sure you have been throwing stones at many people. God doesn’t like ugly either, so I guess what I said before still stands. We have a Different God than you do. My God doesn’t judge, He Loves#MAGA
Exactly which is why he’d never support a racist xenophobic biased POS. Love thy neighbor didn’t have an exception for people of different races, sexes, or beliefs. Jesus was basically a socialist hippy. You cannot call yourself a Christian and be a 45 supporter. End of story.
I Refuse to take to you about whom Is and isn’t a Christian. I KNOW I am & I Know what God has done in and Is doing in my life. I will Pray for you really hard @realDonaldTrump Is a child of God & Is Loved JUST As MUCH as You & Me. So again, Don’t throw stones or judge #MAGA 
You’re not a true Christian if you support 45. End of story.
You’re not a Christian if you Judge and Throw Stones at others. I know who I am. I feel sorry for you, I really really do. I will Pray for you. End of Story. “God Bless this women for she do not know what she Is doing. Amen”
Lol. I really don’t need your prayers. I’m not judging - I’m stating facts. Your cannot be a real Christian and Support a racist.
You quote the Bible at the top of your twitter but wearing a #maga hat. The hypocrisy of 45 never ceases to amaze me. Jesus would never support 45. Ever. & if your version of Christianity leads you to believe he would, you’ve bastardized the entire point if that religion.

"I hate Trump"  "I hate Trump VOters"  "I hate making America Great again" "I hate America"  and..... most importantly:
Tell us what you know. We are more than curious.
Give’em hell, Comey!
.@Comey is the best troll in the universe. Keep it up!
You do relize that she lost the election and is no longer holding any political office. While the President no matter who it is will always have to live  under a microscope of their life and deeds past and present.
You’re
Damn right! And Robert Mueller is getting down to it.
Unfortunately only a fraction of the people in this country seem to care about truth anymore though. Feels like the end of the world.
yes, and he also said that the truth was so important that he would protect it with "a bodyguard of lies," which is very different than a bodyguard who lies...
This guy. It would have been really good, if you didn't allow Crooked Hillary Clinton to run a criminal for twenty plus years.
How is it that the "FBI" tried to gain access to Hillary's server, Podesta devices and FAILED, THEN relies on reports from a third party to form a conclusion BEFORE PROPER evidence was collected?
For years you sat by, and paved the way for Hillary Clinton, to run for office.

You had all intent to exonerate her.
'Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it...'
His profile says he supports Sean Hannity. That's all you need to know about his intellect.
It's hysterical that you think we're the minority. Your corporate mainstream media pushed a fake poll driven narrative that predicted a Clinton landslide win. Fox News predicted a Trump win. Yet you still have faith in them. #Lemming
https://www.forbes.com/forbes/welcome/?toURL=https://www.forbes.com/sites/markjoyella/2017/11/29/sean-hannity-dominates-cable-news-ratings-in-november/&refURL=https://www.google.com/&referrer=https://www.google.com/ …
Amazing that you still have faith in Russia!  Polls don't lie.  Putin does.  Trump too.
I. Can't. Breath.......POLLS DON'T LIE..... BWAHAHHAHAH
How did that work out for you? #Trump2020
But it needs to hurry and come out before the damage becomes too much to reverse.
'But it needs to hurry and come out before the damage becomes too much to reverse"  Being as Trump?Pence were never legitimate candidates, every thing Trump did/said/ should be immediately reversed.
In a relay, if the team declared winner is disqualified, the second place team becomes winner-(It’s not rocket science)  Hillary/Kaine won! @TPM @AP
Hillary won by landslide. Trump/Pence weren't even eligible (wrong country) We get it, Putin doesn’t want Hillary to be POTUS. But we do!
Until Hillary is acknowledged as the legitimate POTUS, Putin wins
“We complain that Trump is pro Putin/Russia rather pro USA” Our silence in not demanding that Hillary be inaugurated as POTUS is also pro Putin”
At this point, any intelligent person who still supports Trump does not support the United States of America. Full stop.
Tell me everything is going to be ok! Lie to me if you have to.
I like your tweets but what you did to hillary was jacked.
You are a russian tool!
#Don'tFeedTheTrolls
#RussianBot 
#RussianTool 
#BlockAllRussianTools 
#BlockRussianBots
#TrumpUnfitForOffice
i'm hoping the pee tape is incontrovertible as well
That's right. Just ask Galileo.  Problem is, you may have been excommunicated and drawn and quartered by the time the truth is acknowledged.
Churchill attended the surrender of Japan with
USA & USSR (Russia) 
Upon surrender a white rose given by Japan Emperor
White Rose
Still lives
Peace rose given director CIA planted in yard
I bought home 1995
Now my home
White Rose still blooms
Hope still blooms
HIH Prince Michael
Our choice is war or peace.
We may fight but we must ask whom is enemy?
Whom desires what?
Why do they desire?
What are goals?
What are motivations?
Who is paying the bill?
Debt is toxic.
Increasing debt is not answer.

Yes, for our history books, which is fine, but doesn't help for today. Sigh.
We have never, ever in American history had as many different scandalous behaviors by Obama & his team."
Once again: he doesn’t tweet often but when he does....BOOM!
#Subtweet of the day!   Now please help us get #GrandpaRanty out of our White House
#GrandpaRanty 
Back in '00s we peons had to sit in on A LOT of ethics training because of things done by higher ups.  Only good thing was a video series by an ethics professor from AZ State.  She said, "The truth ALWAYS comes out. It may take days or years but it comes out."
Wish I could remember her name or find her lectures on YouTube.  How did we get to this point?
Jeez, can't wait t'il this nightmare is over. Great tweet.
Thank you Mr.Comey :)
Hope is all we have !
I love Churchill — he practiced what he preached.
Then why did you lie to Congress to protect the corrupt Clintons? You let us down. You spent 20 minutes reading a clear and concise Indictment only to say you weren't going to indict her. Integrity matters sir.
Yes, James Comey!    Glad you tweet!
Amnesty International Confirms OBAMA Gave ISIS $1 Billion Of Weapons In 2016!       #ma4t  http://countercurrentnews.info/2017/05/amnesty-international-confirms-us-gave-isis-1-billion-of-weapons-in-2016/ … …
Folks have differing definitions of 'truth'.  Here's Sessions: https://twitter.com/ReaderAdrift/status/867024376230813696 …
This is a big part of the problem here
Shortly after this story broke I tuned into Fox and they were not showing much about the news at hand. SFO verdict, then tax plan, then onto Conyers. They have to figure out how to bend the laws of physics at this point. CNN was laser focused on it.
You're an accessory to Sedition.
Isn’t that what 2nd amendment advocates are doing? Arming to overthrow a corrupt government should they deem it necessary. Mr. Comey is advocating for truth. No one should ever have reason to fear truth.
Trump is a Clear and Present Danger to our democracy and the Constitution. He is a threat to America and the American people. He puts our troop and American citizens in harms way by his words and actions.
DJT is a silly puppet of Putin the puppeteer. You give Trump too much credit. FBI will overturn every stone to uncover TREASON & COLLUSION!
Worst F.B.I. Director of all time. Embarrassing. What were you thinking? Do you have no pride? People know the truth about you.

This is right up there with an indignent Bill Clinton staring into the camera while lying ... this tweet will NOT age well.

Watch the 2nd model, Liris walk onto the runway and pose so perfectly with that hypnotic stare.  12-1-17, Flynn pleads guilty and about to take down Donald Trump.  Listen to the music as Liris walks out and poses...that is the way I feel today. https://twitter.com/ProjectRunway/status/926857042127736832 …
Are you running for President in 2020 like I suggested and circulated a few months ago? Please do.
WHAT A JOKE!  Comey, just stop.  You have ZERO credibility.  You lied to the people non-stop regarding your best friend Hillary Clinton.  And yes, YOU WERE FIRED!  Move along.
If Mueller really wants to find out how America’s interests were compromised by Russia, he needs to quit looking Trump’s way.  Start digging deep into the Clintons and Obama administration. http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/oct/18/russia-tables-turn-roping-clinton-obama-holder-not/ … …
Set that bar high, and keep it there.  Thank you, Mr. Comey, sir.
“To build may have to be the slow and laborious task of years. To destroy can be the thoughtless act of a single day.”
-Winston Churchill
Like when corrupt FBI directors attempt to steal the Presidential election from the American voter...and he gets caught and fired?  Yep....thar it is.
Love you Comey even though you did screw up with that Hillary letter.  I accept your silent apology. 
Remember when Trump said, "it's the calm before the storm" everyone  thought he was talking about NoKo? I think the storm is arriving #HillaryRussiaCollusion #UraniumOne #RedNationRising
"I am strongly in favour of using poisoned gas against uncivilised tribes." -Winston Churchill
In the end, there it is.

THIS IS THE MOST ENDEARING GIF OF ALL THE GIFS
what is the context?
I was wondering the same.

Thanks! :)
#ReleaseTheMemo  the American people want the truth and a clean White House. Right now a lot of rats and spiders keep it a mess.
Mr .@Comey you're spoiled like rotten meat. U wouldn't know what the #truth was if it hit U in the face. U have given the @FBI a bad name,hurting the few good 1s left.U have embarrassed & disgraced our great country beyond repair. U & your #corrupt buddies need to be #LockedUp

What a cliche machine!!!
And you'll go down in history as the person who primarily caused this mess.
Help us bring justice to this “STAIN”

@realDonaldTrump
@Comey
Liar Comey
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
Another insufferable quote from the man who has no familiarity with truth whatsoever. In the end, there is likely a sealed indictment with your name on it. Compliments of the sheep...or the IG, however you prefer to truth it.
Exactly, I want to know why you exonerated Hillary beforehand and without authority (Am I wrong? if so why?)

Grammar 101: " So happy NOT to be working under this shite administration!" Splitting the infinitive is naughty.
god damn I love your subtweets
Same. He's a master.
Comey for Homie 2020
Wow, Churchhill would not approve of your behavior throughout this. You have a lot of things to clean up before you start pointing fingers.
I'd worry more about what 45 is doing
Investigation says it is FBI and DOJ that are more concerning and what role Hil and Bill had
Try again
YOU are a sell out
The Lord rebuke you expose you and bring you to justice.
#Hero
Indeed. He helped Hillary lose!
Two things that can never be hidden for long: The sun & the truth!
@HowardU ALUM~AUTHOR IPO OF #AllLivesMatter&BlackLivesMatter & BLLM...,
I CRY4JUSTICE! James Comey, @AGLynch @KamelaHarris @AlamedaCountyDA @ColorOfChange & LIAR #AliciaGarza  #BlackFriday14 PleaDeal #IntlFraudCOPYRIGHT LAW
MY #IP BLM IS HOLY & SANCTIFIED! #AllRightsReserved
IF U SAYJUSTICE ROLL~DOES THAT MEAN FOR U ALL TOO! THERE IS BLOODGUILTINESS AS U TOUCHED THE ANOINTED! U MISLEAD THE PUBLIC & U ROBBED ME & GOD OF MORAL AUTHORITY, ATTRIBUTION, AWARDS AND ECONOMIC OPPTY TO BENEFIT FROM MY BLM WORK! #FINANCIALLY! NO DUE DILIGENCE! #JUSTICE
YES I AM "The Missionary" YES, THAT MISSIONARY, WHO SIGNED ALL OF MY TRAYVON MARTIN DOCS THAT WAY, PLUS INITIALS IF A COPY WAS FAXED OR SHARED BY HAND! IS BLACK LIVES MATTER & THE MEETING AG LYNCH HAD WITH DeRay, NETTAAA & THE LIBELOUS @WIKIPEDIA BLM SIX CONS~ GOING TO CONVICT U?
WILL U QUICKLY & PUBLICLY END THE BLACK LIVES MATTER . COM BUSINESS IDENTITY THEFT?? PAY THE FINES DUE & PRODUCE THE HOLY MISSIONARY WHO AUTHORED THE THREE WORD PRAYER & LETTERS FORMING THE BLM MOVEMENT!! PLUS DISBAN EVER ORG .ORG, .COM & GROUP STEALING MY TITHES??? #Cease&Desist
TODAY Robert Mueller, James Comey & Mike Flynn HINDER @POTUS @realDonaldTrump & @VP @mike_pence @WhiteHouse FROM PROTECTING OUR COUNTRY!
IS JUSTICE ROLLING~THIS #IntlFraudCASE! SEE #BoycottTheAMEChurch #DenofThieves #AMECStalker
and #BlackFriday14 FOR DETAILS! #IsThisJustice?
JUSTICE is ALL OF THESE FACTS!
U SHOULD BE ASKING FOR MERCY FOR YOUR NEIGHBOR??
THE MERCIFUL OBTAIN MERCY &  SAYS:
GOD GETS JUSTICE HIS WAY??? HANDLE MY BLM TRUTH #GetGloryForGod & TELL MUELLER TO END THE FAKE INVESTIGATION ON OUR PRESIDENT! #ALM
TODAY #2CHR19:6-7JUSTICE!
I PRAY U TEACH MY BEAUTIFUL #HU FAMILY & ALL PEOPLE~LIBERTY & JUSTICE IS FOR ALL!!
NO ONE IS ABOVE GODSLAW!
AS #OneNationUnderGod "ALL LIVES MATTER: 
WE ARE OUR BROTHERS & SISTERS KEEPER!"
SOUND FAMILIAR? ITS AT THE LOC COPYRIGHT OFFICE NOW!! #AllRightsReserved THX GOD!
LASTLY~ GODS MIRACLES
Mr James Comey WROTE A QUOTE & GODS#SwiftJustice!
~MY BLM TRUTH WORLDWIDE #FINES PAID! #UntiePOTUS ~WALK GODS WAY~THANK GOD!
#IntlFRAUD#CHARLESTON9 WE KNOW
#NoBLM .COM #BlackFriday14
SEE THE PATTERN ..#LAX6
SAME #DenOfThieves #BoycottTheAMEChurch
You talking about truth is like the devil quoting Scripture.  The "incontrovertible" truth, as you called it, is this: You deliberately lied about Hillary's crimes to avoid prosecuting her.  But that's just the tip of your devious deception, which, "in the end" will engulf you.
Winston Churchill was born this day in 1874.
#ReleaseTheMemo
@Comey is a bad guy
sad, just cause he’s not going after Hillary anymore?
Please tell me you are kidding @DevinHughes - Comey is as corrupt as they come.
Exactly
Then why do you keep lying?
Churchill spoke in Parliament, on May 17, 1916, in debate abt the Air Service. 

He said, 
"This truth is incontrovertible. Panic may resent it, ignorance may deride it, malice may distort it, but there it is." 
He was speaking to the efficacy of "airplane defense" vs Zeppelins.
I’m sure your buddy Mueller will overlook all the illegal crap you guys may have pulled at the FBI
That's the real hypocrisy of America,,,disrespect , disconcern and right wing hatred spewn by Jenna P.  No problem with the pathological liar and his nazi followers.
You have no concept what the truth is.
U r a moron.
I love how all the liberals hated you when you were doing a supposedly investigation against Hillary, but now love you because you let Hillary rotten Clinton get off. But thats what libs do let criminals off especially if you are a lib or an illegal .
"There it is, there it is
What took us so long to find each other, baby?
There it is, there it is
This time I'm not wrong..." 

Proverbs 6:16-19 
6 things doth the Lord hate: yea, 7 are an abomination unto him: A proud look, a lying tongue, & hands that shed innocent blood, a heart that deviseth wicked imaginations, feet that be swift in running to mischief, false witness that speaketh lies... = Hillary
Shame you're not a christian.
Stop with the BS, you're a lier and a leaker. You should be under investigation.
Stop tweeting quotes. You are a hypocrite who will soon be facing your own investigation if the Administration does it's job right. You shared private FBI documents and you covered up for Tarmac-gate and HRC emails, just to name a few of your future charges.
You are hot James <3 you stay classy
such a wuss
Where’s your truth? You lied to Congress! You did not belong in FBI after letting Hillary off! Practice truth yourself!
WHAT would YOU know about TRUTH?
Really? Promise?? I wish i believed that right now
I would love to see someone with your integrity run and be elected to Office! Please consider putting your hat in the ring.
There was a time that I truly respected you, even believed in you. Unfortunately your actions regarding HRC changed that! What happened to the real Comey? Or were you dishonest from the get go?
Wolff says he has tapes!

Lordy!
Stop. With your obvious backing of the D party and half-assed investigations you look bad. I’m guessing to say that you’re an embarrassment to LEO and anyone that’s done any sort of investigation.  -signed, (I) voter
Idk I can’t get past the week before the election pummeling of Hillary.
Same it was so sickening.

What is Truth ? asked the man who condemned Jesus to death...
Except when you argued against it....like July 5, 2106

Or Ignorance covers a multitude of sins. Such as Hillary being too dumb to prosecute.
One of my favorite quotes and so timely.#truth
What do you know about truth???!! You are as corrupt as the rest of them! #draintheswamp 
The Karma of Comey strikes in the hearts of all who betray our beloved America!  Thank you for being a great patriot!
i believe that 
Jimbo ... God just put another giant check mark on the "Burn in Hell" side of your life's permanent record.
Amen!   Nam Myoho Renge Kyo!
Love it. The truth is the truth is the truth. So sad that our "president" thinks it is something that is not so permanent and real, but is "on demand, and malleable"
I am empowered by truth.
Truth in lending you cost @cnnbrk @HillaryClinton her election by exposing those emails, and quite frankly it tramatized the majority of Amer & the but we’re fighting back w this rogue  exec admin bc we’re on the right side of consciousness & we’re on the right side of history
The truth will come out how you sold ur soul to satan and the rest of the country will see what a sell out u r
Your a Disgrace to our Country!!
I vote Jim Comey reads America a bedtime story when this is all over!
Churchill you are NOT!
Shut up Yoda
Preach!!!!
Everyone knows what kind of traitor you are?
And the truth will catch up with you, James, and there isn't a thing you can do to stop it at this point. You'll learn that having a 'higher loyalty' to a corrupt cabal of Hillary/Soros/Rothschild et al is essentially treason. You were meant to serve this nation and her citizens.
Numbers 32:23 "You may be sure that your sin will find you out”.
You got that right.
The truth about Peter Strzok is fascinating. Changes every dam hour. #PeterStrzok
Comey, you are the best fund raiser the Conservatives have! For some one who totally disregarded the law, you sure have become a horrible finger pointer!
Your next!
That truth needs to step it up.  Keeping faith has gotten harder by the day as I see what is being done to our judicial system.  Of all I have seen that is the most chilling.
Since truth is such a big part of what you tweet, I must ask. Have you ever told the truth?
James Comey being all “gansta” quoting Churchill & sipping his coffee 
#comey2020
Yea, ok. Are you feeling remorse?
The juxtaposition of your tweet and the one below it in my TL is especially delicious.
Get up get down Chicago is a union town
Comedy I have forgiven you for past transgressions. You are now in a position to do a whole lot of good. Please continue.
You may quote all the famous people in the world even the Bible but you and God know what you have done and if you are willing to live with it I hope you’re willing to die and be judged on it
Looks like you're gonna fry like bacon.  tick tock!
You wont know what the word #truth means even if it slaps you straight in the face !!! You are on notice and the investigation will not be controlled by you !!! You will be going to jail soon !!! You are the worst k,ind of American in the history of America Second to #Obama
All you #Trump minions, one thing is clear. Trump and his cronies and disciples are all going down and you know it. #Comey should be gloating. You all backed a fraud and a illegitimate con man. #TrumpIsFlynnished #LockHimUp
Amen to that, Mr. Comey. Facts are facts, regardless of what someone would like you to believe. Repeating that verified facts are false, over and over again, doesn't make it so.
I suggest you read this article on Churchill -
Your in complete denial because you politicized  the FBI. Politics are subjective in reality. Your "truth" is controvertible. Tainted by politics.
Keep em coming Comey. Brilliant!
But you sir, wouldn't know it if it bit you in the ass
2020..I'm liberal and was mad as hell at you for what you did the week before the election but...
I only get your re-tweets as I don't follow you since I hold you culpable, in large part, for the travesty & trauma we're forced to live thru.
Please run for office.
I love Comey
Churchill was an honorable man. A true leader. You sir are neither. To
Quote a man like Churchill only confirms your hypocrisy.
"A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting its boots on." - - attributed, perhaps erroneously, to Mark Twain.
Oh Lordy, I hope we choose slip-ones right about now!!
*Slip-ons
Tell us more what you know about "truth".  LMAO!  Comey, you know that you LIED to the American people.  You know that you ruined the reputation of your department with the illegal actions you took in your desperate attempt to get crooked Hillary elected. SHAME ON YOU!!!
why didnt you live by that ethic yourself? trying to make money now after helping to destroy all of america's trust in law enforcement and the judicial system? move to north korea or iran.
“Apparently, as of May 2016, then-Director Comey and other FBI officials believed the facts fit that gross negligence standard until later edits were made,” writes Iowa Republican Chuck Grassley, Chairman of the Senator Judiciary Committee. https://thedailyconspiracy.com/2017/12/01/new-documents-complicate-clinton-investigation/ …
Comey lied under oath, leaked information to the press, & is a crook. He should be in prison along with the entire Obama Administration. Never in my life have I seen this level of corruption.
I hear you, Mr. Comey.
Oh FFS, just stop with the pious ooze.  Apologize for the slime trail you left at the FBI.
Truth? I don't see that coming from you. Shameful.
By ignorance I'm sure Winston Churchill was foreshadowing the Dotard-in-Chief.
Yet you let Hillary off the hook... hypocrite
You are a dirtbag and a liar and should not that Winston Chuechill's name in vane.

Give’em hell, Comey!
It’s why you don’t have a job anymore. What’s the difference between “extreme carelessness” and “gross negligence” because the TRUTH is that they’re synonymous. Quote Churchill all you want, you’re the embodiment of that derision.
That little mouse in the room under the pedestal a tyrant sits upon.
There it is, hitting you smack in the face and your ignoring it.
Which is why @realDonaldTrump will be just fine.
#This!
I  U
Good old Churchill. A warmongering Zionist drunk but thanks to 70+ years of propaganda he's still considered a hero by many. Sad really.
Unlike the ass Mike, that is replying to you, you are a man of knowledge and integrity.
We need principled, same leadership in the white house again.
Well, sane, at least (same will not suffice)
That is perfect quote for you Mr. Comey. Karma will be a bitch.
Don’t worry this is only a “matter”
You are nothing more than a fence sitting political hack now Mr. Comey. Whichever way the wind blows is the side you fall on.
Yup
what is the matter which he utters? LOL @DebbieGallo2 #truth
