looking for the metaphor in one pie with top crust, one pie without...

p.s. you should really switch to true cinnamon, aka Ceylon cinnamon, like @PenzeysSpices carries - cassia cinnamon (what you've got there) is bad for your health (it's banned in Germany). We need you around!
I'm from Germany. I didn't know that.
I looked this up and I do not believe it is actually banned. The concern is too much coumarin...a small ingredient of cassia cinnamon. Eating a gram a day for 6 months MIGHT increase your risk of liver cancer. Therefore... Normal consumption should be fine.
I'm not a baking expert. That's the reason, I was asking. Thank you.
Point 1: coumarin in cinnamon, as in hay, can be converted to the much more potent dicoumarin by mold/fungi.  if you buy in bulk at costco and store in humidity, or if inoculated, there's a risk of conversion.  

ps dicoumarin = warfarin.
> risk, < prob
point 2: in adults, regularly consuming 1tsp / day can be a risk, particularly in combination with sources of coumarin in other foods ( processed foods, low quality vanilla extract )

absorbed through the skin as well, and it's regularly used in cosmetics
point 2 continued from above link: not banned for any of those uses  in cosmetics, tobacco, perfumes (ie Coco Mademoiselle), so that significantly increases risk if you're consuming Cinnamomum cassia instead of Cinnamomum verum in your diet.
point 3: interaction with other compounds could have synergistic or antagonistic effects on other compounds to which you are exposed or consume directly. higher risk of impact for those already taking coumadin/warfarin, alcohol...
Happy Thanksgiving, Mr. Comey.
We’re grateful to have this wine to toast with.
WHERE DID YOU GET THAT??? I must order a case of it for an expected special ocassion.
Thank you. You made thanksgiving awesome this year
I don't know how you could read this and still help her try to win the presidency. She's a psychopath. Completely unfit to lead. 

She risked the lives of those tasked to protect hers. It gets no lower. It sounds like Hitler demanding 12 year olds protect Berlin in April 1945.
The coup is what happened when Giuliani, Manafort, Bannon, Kushner and Trump colluded with Russia to take down our democracy and install a Putin Puppet. Get yourself together, fella. A report about lamps at the State Dept doesn’t cut it.
Describe how that happened. Use details.
You’re ridiculous. Mueller will use the details. Flynn is flipping on Trump now. The weasel GOP needs to be gutted. The whole congressional GOP is aiding treason.
If Mueller builds any sort of case, it'll be by using coercion and threats. 

The good part is that Trump holds the veto pen. Just like Lynch did in Hillary's emails case. No matter how far it gets, Trump can step in and end the FAKE case at any time. Flynn knows that much.
I hope it is a FAKE case. Because if it isn’t, America has already been taken so far down the path of being owned by Putin that it will not recover in my lifetime if at all. And it could end very badly. That’s on the GOP if it’s the case.
That's all an illusion. Did you know Putin endorsed OBAMA in 2012, who appointed Comey in 2013? Does that mean they're owned by Russia too? Did Putin "influence" the 2012 election? You could make the same argument.

This distraction campaign is long on rhetoric, short on facts.
His next gig to be Martha Stewart co-host on Martha Bakes - Saturday's on PBS. He's the best!!!
Um - you know he prosecuted her, right?
Yip, for doing just a tiny bit of what Hillary Clinton did huge. hmmmmm
The current AG and director of the FBI are appointed by Trump, and there is still no prosecution of Clinton. What do you make of that? Just more people in the huge conspiracy inside your head?
sweet super white quartzite, you still are lame
Happy Thanksgiving, Director Comey!!!
Omg. I thought this was a nice message. Then you end it with the Giants?  Go to an Eagles game!!!
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
GIANTS!!! omg no DODGERS! 
A Bakewll tart is my contribution to the family dinner.
Now, THAT is gorgeous!
This is what it looks like cut.
The turkey is ready for gratitude. It is dead. Really need that brain washed.
Looks good but Dont forget the butter & caramel on that pie. Lol
Apple v. Pumpkin: the perennial pie question all Americans face.
Ummm, not all...Love the sweet potato. Lol
@comey we celebrate you!! #James
what is that dish to the right of what looks like a pie?RSVP
Corruption is how you still have money. Clinton foundation pays good huh.
Comey's going down. Only this time, not on Obama.
You had me until the Go Giants thing.
King Arthur flour makes better pie crust.
Ha! King Arthur flour just "liked" that comment.  Maybe you guys should offer the Comey family a free bag of King Arthur flour to try. They will never go back to Gold Medal again.

Hillary Lied to Congress! FBI Director Comey confirms in his testimony that Hillary Clinton lied #HillarysOlympics 
HOW DO U SLEEP AT NIGHT? SERIOUSLY. THIS IS AN HONEST QUESTION. HILLARY NEEDS TO BE CHARGED. SHE'S EVIL. SO ARE PEOPLE THAT TRY AND PROTECT HER.
Wow great looking pie! See @PressSec this is what a real pie looks like. Not a stolen picture from the web.
Thank you for your service to our wonderful country!
Who cares Comey! You are a cry baby and not a true man! I don't cry baby neither does my hubby. We have both had cancer and went through hell!
Beautiful tweet and sentiments then you had to go ruin it with that “go giants” comment.
You've got pie on your face
Giants fan?? Cool
Love my own apple pies and seeing others enjoy what I create.
Federal Bureau of Matters. #callitamatter
THANK YOU!
@PressSec this is what real pies look like
Go Hawks! we won :)
Gratitude feathers - love that.
Sir, this has been a terrible season to be a Giants fan.
Not fake pies look delicious!  Turkey cup with "thank you" feathers is so Comey! I'm still a bit ungrateful for the email thing but put a feather in that cup for Robert Mueller. You look like a new man.
A celebration of preservation of history, family and country. This year  learned to prepare a new meal with a new friend, a descendant of Missouri's American history, the "Journey gang". Very poetic. Hope to include this recipe next year and be with my daughter.
#Boycottthenfl
#AliceInWonderland
Someone is pompously collecting quotes.
Big fan of Alice Walker. I read Color Purple when released since Mom checked it out of the public library for me. It was not allowed in my Texas public school library, but school librarian saw me carrying it and asked for my review. Memorable moment!
What beautiful crimping on the pie crust!  You must be full of pastry patience-just lovely!
Love Eli. Hope the Giants will find him a position among the coaches ... if he retires from playing.
Beautiful pie!  Please share your recipe.
Humility...are you kidding me?
Thank you for your honesty and service. I was with you on your tweet until you said "Go Giants" .  I'm sure you meant "Fly Eagles Fly" 
It' a shame what they are doing to Eli
I agree ( though the giants broke my heart with Eli move) with all. Thank you!
Gross
What a great idea! A gratitude turkey. One my family will adopt.
Looks YUMMMMMMMY.
God love ya, ur a Giants fan. Could your year be any worse? I’m an Eagles fan, so can relate to this kind of misery. But you know, the pendulum swings back around....I’m enjoying this 10-1 tho, I gotta tell ya! 
Wow- that's a lot of apples in that pie ! The cinnamon on the crust is a nice touch.
He said go giants
Great tweet except for that part about the Giants. Go Steelers! And Happy Thanksgiving!

This is a bit off topic but how you feel about all your friends and relatives sending you presents in FedEx packages this.. holiday?
Thank YOU, 4 your service, 4 the example u set 4 everyone to follow!
She is my favorite author.
I don't recall leaving a message but I hope you had a Happy Thanksgiving.  I hope Christmas is a cherry event for you and yours and rest of us too!
us huh, so show us some humility James, what's up with uranium?
Not as impressive as the emails in the vault, I want story time Comey, tell us about uranium....
The #Loser likes losers #Giants - go figure.
You're a lousy traitor Comey 
Go Steelers!
Now THAT is a photo of a REAL, authentic home made pie that was actually made in the home of the person taking the photo!  Hope you & your family had a great Thanksgiving. One of the things I am thankful for is you & all you have done for our country!
Saw this on my Mom’s fridge on Thanksgiving...Niebuhr is great! Hope you had a great holiday
Get the hell out of our @whitehouse Russia. Thank you.
And unlike @PressSec this actually appears to be a real photo of a real pie! Well done!
Grateful ？ Why ？ Were you satisfied with such miserable dishes ？
Sorry about your Giants ...HTTR 
Much more genuine than @PressSec 'cooked chocolate pecan pie.' A picture like this supports its authenticity. Authenticity & gratitude, something SHS, #Dotard @realDonaldTrump, nor any of his @WhiteHouse administration knows including COS Kelly. #BiglySad.
Thank you, Sir. 
Well, that pie certainly was home made and not a stock photo from PBS
America is grateful for you sir
@PressSec Unlike Sarah Sanders that had hers ordered. Lol. Yours looks delish.
Wait—— is that the actual image she posted?? Was it discovered??
Remember to cut some vents in that crust!

Happy Thanksgiving, Mr. @Comey! Thank you for your service.
Ohh I see what you did there sir....And a giants fan! :D

Wow--someone has mad skills! Beautiful pies!
Gotta love fellow Giants fan. Sad they lost to Washington. I bleed
They say time travel is impossible, but then I see you posted this three hours *before* Sarah Sanders' infamous pie shot.
@SarahHuckabee   Now THIS is how a homemade pie should be photographed!
I love the idea of gratitude feathers! Happy belated thanksgiving to you and your family,sir!
Happy Thanksgiving from someone at FedB-O-P!  Hope to be spending it with you next year!
Did you REALLY make that pie or just get the picture off the internet?
late Happy Thanksgiving and you are one of my feathers.
Or maybe James Rosen?
Did you get that recipe from @SharylAttkisson computer?
Well, except for the part about "Go Giants."
At least you didn't say Patriots. ;) 
I've been enjoying your "coming out" these past weeks. Happy Thanksgiving weekend. Your gratitude turkey is adorable.
(PS - Try adding a little bit of cinnamon to spaghetti sauce.)
After sponging off welfare your whole career you should be thanking the taxpayers
I am grateful for men and women of integrity. Thank you. You give us hope.
Piegate!
You had to ruin it with the Giants didn't you?
When the boys were young we put a paper tree on the wall & everyone wrote a daily gratitude on a leaf for the tree.  It was a lot of fun.
with an arm reaching down above figure as if to save from slipping off cliffledge. How'd I do @Comey ?  your clues are tricky but need to 
Clues: domino's abt to fall (sugar) Gold medal (4-star Flynn) plz some1, zoom plastic bag holding apple peel, it looks like X-Men figure w>
Those pies are beautiful!
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family.
Miss you so much!!
And that pie looks perfect and yummy 
Aww I love everything about you except that you're a Giants fan  Grateful for all you have done for our country. Thank you Jim Comey 
Please help save our country from this evil President! My prayers
So Ustarted #piegate @presssec saw your tweet at 16:06 N at 19:40 she decided 2tweet! Her pie ! Shame hers didn't look like Urs lol

@TIME 

If you really know what you are doing at all, any of these PUBLIC SERVANTS, deserves to be named as the…

@realDonaldTrump :
NEMO DAT QUOD NON HABET

(You can't give what you don't have)…
A real corrupt one right here
Hope you had a wonderful holiday. You deserve it! Your loved do, as well.
I don't think the words "thank you" sufficiently express the gratitude that I feel for all that you have done for us.
Sooooo how were the pies?
Every time I use my cinnamon, from now on, I will think of the Comey family. Thank you
That is one delicious looking pie. #ThanksGiving
Thank you for your service to our country and thank you for being an honorable man in the face of trump
Remember when you destroyed @HillaryClinton presidency and the Dems hated you??
You had me until you said go Giants.
Happy Thanksgiving, sir.  
I’m grateful for your service to our country. You represent everything that is good about our democracy.
I sorry u disappointed us so it was your job to be true
Hope you had a great Thanksgiving. Your faith in our country in spite of all it has been through, and what YOU have been through, inspires me.
Happy Thanksgiving !.We help to draw up a list of sanctions. Their 5000 people and 200 companies 
Hope u had a good thanksgiving.
I saw your Higher Loyalty background and wanted to say sorry about what happened.  What he did was really wrong.  
Can't wait to read you book.
Mr Comey!  I believe in you and the stand you took in denouncing the corrupt Shenanigans of Trumpelstilskin and his evil brood of trolls.
Are you James Comey? 
We are grateful for your service Mr. Comey!
God bless
Happy Thanksgiving, sir.
Hey @SarahHuckabee if u want ppl to think u actually made the pie yourself - this is how you do it 
Wasn't expecting the Alice Walker quote, really from anyone today, but well played!
Happy Thanksgiving and God bless you and yours.

You are one fine gentleman. Be thankful to not be serving this administration.
I'm grateful for you Mr. Comey.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING
I am so happy that the Redskins won last night!
Thank you.
Those pies look like they were probably yummy. Want to hear more about this “gratitude feathers” tradition.  #Resist 
Enjoy your holiday Mr. Comey
Happy Thanksgiving Mr. Comey
When I am having a trying day, I ask the Lord for strength, patience and understanding.  
Lately, I've had to ask quite often.  I'm thankful he knows when to help.   Thankful for you, sir.
Yup, “thank you” is a short, but sweet prayer!  I am grateful for the courage, leadership and strength of Americans like you!
Sorry for your loss...

#nogiants
We're thankful for you and the many like-minded patriots protecting us.

APOLOGIZE  to all US CITIZENS for help to elect an offensive GREEDY NARCISSISTIC creep by comments about Sec Clinton's not doing anything you could prosecute over AND NOT MENTION AN "ONGOING INVESTIGATION OVER TRUMP, FLYNN, KUSHNER ACTIONS WITH PUTIN" KEEP MOUTH SHUT OR TELL ALL.
Thank you for your service JAMES sorry about our current president he's pathetic
That's a beautiful pie.
Your positivity is astounding considering you have taken quite a beating from both sides of the political aisle. You did your job and because you did it right you made enemies. Your friend always will be the Rule of Law. Happy Holidays.
Happy Holidays, Mr. Comey.
Oh I bet those pies were so good! I hope your Thanksgiving was wonderful! Thank you Mr. Comey for trying to keep our country on the right track, you are appreciated!
Giants? I long for my $1 covfefe @DunkinDonuts after @Giants win. Sad. 
And your last year of freedom!
Alleged improprieties of Trump’s partying days may disgust even most die hard @MooreSenate supporters https://www.thedailybeast.com/inside-donald-trumps-one-stop-parties-attendees-recall-cocaine-and-very-young-models ….  Here’s hoping @washingtonpost @nytimes @politico are each doing massive deep dive reporting on this. There may be dozens of victims 100s of witnesses.
Happy Thanksgiving James to you and your family. American hero!!
I liked you until the Giants line.  :-).  Go eagles!  Seriously Happy Thanksgiving
Happy Thanksgiving to you & your family Mr. Comey 

As a lifelong Giants fan myself, I cannot wait for the 2018 NFL entry draft 
Beautiful but had to go with my Redskins, esp after my beloved Lions and Cowboys' defeat
Happy Thanksgiving Comey 
Thanksgiving Blessings...
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family .
I agree with everything but the giants  Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family
Happy Thankgiving to you and yours.
Happy Thanksgiving Dirty. Comey, to you and yours!!! 
Just wanted to add commie....u NEVER took a stand against fbi govt corruption and fully expect to retain your illusion of "integrity" u have none ur just like clapper brennen sorry pieces of cowardice shit #realDonaldTrump #Draintheswamp #MAGA
