Is anybody going to examine the ties between the NY FBI Field Office, Rudy Giuliani & @realDonaldTrump during the campaign. Talk about politics in law enforcement!
I've been saying this day 1 of this administration Rudy Giuliani is a crook!!
I know that DOJ OGE got some info on some of the actors involved in this back before the inauguration....

I'm pretty sure that they've got it under control, but lemme know if it got lost along the way.  
The helpers will be happy to pass it along again :)
Lock them all up!!
suggest donating to @WomenForTrump in #BenjaminWittes name.

Not sure why anybody would donate to Trump with spending going to his businesses or for defense funds.
There is a sucker born every minute.
Donate to a billionaire or donate to support the dedicated public servants who actually keep us safe?
Funny how they didn't think of donating to the FBI in Trump's name instead.
Doesn't matter. The Trump base is too selfish to donate and too clueless to pull off an effective boycott. I wonder how many of them asked for new Keurigs for Christmas, to replace the ones they smashed. 
I'm very interested to see if the Keurigs will still be around when I see family tomorrow. (I'm sure they will be, maybe even a new one)
I did it!!   Although I have Pay Pal, I’m totally tech challenged so it took a little time, and some frustration, to get my donation in.   It finally success.
Just tried but The site seems to be down..
Maybe they are on overload.  Try again later.  TY
 https://twitter.com/fbiagentsassoc/status/944715102200172544 …
Just did !!!
Congratulations!
To you as well! 
In appreciation for all they do to keep us safe!
Wow! At a time when most people are only thinking of spending money on Christmas gifts, yours is best gift of all. Thank you for your generosity.
How about all of you but hurt @FBI guys answer 1 question
Was the #SteeleDossier used to obtain FISA warrant
It's a simple yes or no and you can put all this to rest!
How about you prostitues answer this question - why won't traitor trump release his taxes?
Stay strong.  My America is better than this.  #thanksFBI
I forgot to write in the name of James Baker and Andrew McCabe. And I wished I could give more.
Thanks for sharing the link to donate. Took a few times as the site was down...a good problem to have. Made a donation.
Bless your HEART. ...that's what MATTERS
Thank you to the #FBI for keeping us safe! I just want you to know I appreciate your selfless work & dedication. These attacks on your reputation & patriotism make me sick! Keep strong, I’m not not the only one who have faith in you. Merry Christmas! 
Love, a concerned citizen.
Totally agree with every word! Thanks!
Oh Lordy! Comey is
 my homey...
#thanksFBI   Thank you Mr. Wittes for the info on how to donate. Made mine.
Sadly , I cannot at the moment as the financial claw took more than 1 of my eggs :( working hard and will continue to support . Little time I need
More like all my eggs but trying not to count .
Best wishes to you. Lovely that you responded with support.
I made one today :)
just donated $20 dollars.  I know it's not much, but I did my part.  #thanksFBI
Think of it this way - if every one of HRC's voters donated just 5 bucks, it would total $325,000,000.00 Yep - Million! Like every vote - every dollar counts! :)
The FBIAA is a private nonprofit society with strong ties to Guiliani. Its leadership was extremely pro-Trump/anti-Clinton during the last election cycle. Donor beware.
Thank you for this. Always inspect any company or org before making a donation. See who they're connected to, who their principals are, how much of your donation goes towards 'overhead,' etc.
It sounds like they have good programs that really help FBI families. Their programs may be free of political bias, even if their leadership is not (or was not). Just think donors should have the full picture, given the circumstances.
Exactly. You said it much better than I. :)
I don’t have $1k to donate but I will donate something today in the names of @Comey and Andy McCabe.
Donated!
He lied. He admitted under oath that Hilary was given a pass.  James. It’s not the field agents at the #FBI it’s the holier that thou senior Managers like you who corrupted the agency. #FBICorruption #FBICorruption
It is the leadership that is corrupt, not the agents in the field.
Not all do, but I am sure the comeyhommies do.  This takes nerve for these millionaires who live in mansions to be eliciting funds for their legal fees because they know they are going down.
The site is back up. I gave. Thanks for letting us know where to give.
Donated my little bit! Thank you for the great suggestion.
This is awesome. Is there any way they can sue for: slander, defamation, libel? Honestly, it's reached the point where he must feel legal push-back or he'll never stop.
It's at least witness tampering!
My family and I thank the FBI for their tireless dedication to our country.
Can't afford $1K @benjaminwittes but I freely donate what I can to honor both Andrew McCabe and James Baker and all those who serve in @FBIAgentsAssoc I say #ThanksFBI for all you do!
I am #TheResistance and I invite others to give what you can. 
https://fbiaa.org/ways-to-donate 

2 traitors
Great idea!! I will be donating after the New Year. My hubs says I can't donate anymore this year(we don't really have it to donate)but I forgo little&bigger luxuries to donate. These men&women deserve it.
Right there with you.
@thehill @thedailybeast @RepMaxineWaters I just donated $50.00 to FBI Agents Association Fund in the names of James Comey, Andrew McCabe & James Baker for their exceptional service to the FBI & our country! Trump got rid of fine men! Thank you FBI for having our backs!
Just donated in honor of our nation’s finest and @comey!
Awesome!
#thanksFBI 
Yeah not sure POTUS and the GOP quite understand that if youre gonna be the party of pro law enforcement you might want to tone down the FBI bashing, all LEOs at state and local levels lean right, many with friends in FBI or aspiring and they are paying attention to the nonsense
Thank you Benjamin!
Done! Thank you for directing us towards a lovely cause!
I'll be mailing a check (after payday). #thanksFBI
Just donated. #thanksFBI
Thank you for helping us know how to help.  @FBIAgentsAssoc
Living on social security here, and pretty much tapped out, but I gave.
I am too. I worked until two years ago.   I sometimes worked two jobs.  I kept working past the time I could hardly stand up without pain.  I don't take pain pills.  I just deal with it naturally.  Mind over matter, plus a good cushy recliner for my back.
Am reading this from MY recliner, which helps my back. Retired in 2010 after getting both knees replaced...because I couldn't stand or walk without pain. It's better now, but now it's my back instead. Or if I think of 45, pain in the neck.
He gives a lot of people a pain in the neck.  I've been stressed ever since we found out about his campaign being helped by Putin. I worry that the real commander is Putin via Trump.   I even sleep in my relinner.  It helps.
McCabe is dirty.
Andrew McCabe, FBI deputy director, his work sounds like it would be a ripe for a movie. He has Russian contacts in organized crime, Comey,Mueller, other agents and the CIA knew.

…
It's not much, but it's what I have. Thanks for the prompt.
#thanksFBI
If everyone gave just a small donation.....  #ThanksFBI
Donation completed in the names of James Baker and Andrew McCabe. #ThanksFBI
Done.  Great idea!  #thanksFBI
Thank you!
just donated too
I DON'T MAKE a lot of money but I just donated to our GREAT FBI in the names of James Baker and Andrew McCabe!  
I plan to use my $18.00 a month pay increase from the horrible tax plan & use most of it to make a monthly donation in the future. I hope all Patriots do the same. TY
I am, too!
Sad day in America
I'm a penny pinching public school teacher and wish I could do more. But FBI is important to me and I want them to know. #ThanksFBI
Same. Not $1000 but donated to @FBIAgentsAssoc what I can right now. 
 Our institutions are under fire it’s up to us to defend them.
Also, I want to thank the @fbi for preventing an attack on pier 39 in #SanFrancisco . Thank you. @cspanwj @cnn @msnbc @NancyPelosi @SenFeinstein
You do realize that this is going to their union and does nothing towards funding FBI operations, right?
stop worrying about what other people choose to do with their money... how about that
Someone commented under your original post.  I don't see it now... that's who I was speaking to... not you
RJ Nelson... that's who I was speaking to. If you notice he is the first person tagged on my reply. Not you.
Keep it up!! thank you.. !
I just donated $10. Because the FBI is the rule of law and I put my faith in their service.
Move along people, nothing to see here... #bot
54,000 Tweets about Trump, Breitbart, Fox and whatever the latest crap that DJT has you parroting and you call me boring .#irony
What was that? #FireMcCabe
done. #thanksFBI
Happy to donate in the name of Andy McCabe and Jim Baker, two honorable career civil servants who are being mercilessly attacked publicly by POTUS, who oddly is currently under criminal investigation by the Special Prosecutor for his own actions against the @FBI.
Not much, but it was an honor to contribute in the name of these 2 exceptional servants.
Wrong. The president has not impugned the FBI. He is impugning these persons who have corrupted the top layer of the FBI
Thanks for the great idea. I only gave $25 but it feels good to support FBI and do something positive.
I just donated. #ThanksFBI
Merry Christmas @FBIAgentsAssoc thank you for your dedication and service to the USA #ISupporttheFBI #JamesComey #JamesBaker #AndrewMcCabe
#thanksFBI just donated in gratitude for James Baker and Andrew McCabe.
Donated.  Thanks for getting this going
So many people doing this it might have brought the site down.
will keep trying

will take a collection at family party tomorrow night and will make a donation. Very happy to honor these men! Merry Christmas @FBI!
Every day seems like the end of times.
When is the next cannon shot?
Thank you. I didn't know this opportunity to say thank you existed. I won't forget. Being able to say thank you for the invaluable services @FBI provide in such this useful way is wonderful. @FBIAgentsAssoc Happy holidays. A beautiful 2018 to all.
Done! Thank you for the suggestion.
Donated!  #thanksFBI
Done.
I would Mr Comey but am a Veteran out on disability. I do believe this to be happening as well through sources. Trying to come off ssdi to finish out 16 more gears of work and retire with dignity serving this great nation Kuwait and  Iraq. Never give up is the Motto. 
Genesis 21:23-24 NIV
[23] Now swear to me here before God that you will not deal falsely with me or my children or my descendants. Show to me and the country where you now reside as a foreigner the same kindness I have shown to you.” [24] Abraham said, “I swear it.”
When is the last time you made a vow and a covenant to God to change and never do something again that hurts people? I’m working on two now in my character that I do unknowingly but hurts others. 2018’ is a good time on the 1st to make those vows and covenants to God to never.
Just donated in appreciation of McCabe & Baker. #thanksFBI
Of all the agents who need $...Comey, McCabe and Baker are the least in need.
Thanks for posting this- I hope they know how much we appreciate their service.
Two dishonorable individuals individuals deserved to be slammed!
More than two, the naughty list is getting pretty long.
Done 
I happily and proudly donated. #thanksFBI
An empowering suggestion. Donation made!
Donated!
Done.
$40 to the FBI in honor of James Baker and Andrew McCabe. Honored to do so!
Sorry. Single mm. Wish i could give more
I just donated to @fbiagentsassoc in honor and respect of Jim Baker and Andy McCabe
I donated $20. #thanksFBI
Donation made. Not much but every bit counts. Thanks for sharing this association. So proud of those keeping us safe!
The "F" isn't for "Fantasy" 

We are witnessing an act unprecedented in American history; a sitting president & HIS party are working to discredit an ongoing investigation into collusion with a foreign hostile power & are using Fox news as a state-run propaganda tool.  #FireProofMueller #VoteBlue #FireTheGOP …
Thank you.
Done! #ThanksFBI
Thank you Ben for the suggestion.

I just made my donation!
Just donated. Hope every bit of this helps defend the vital role of the FBI.
Thank you for informing us about this wonderful opportunity.  It was an honor to contribute.
Done I also included @Comey
#thanksFBI I stand with you and have donated to the college fund here: http://bit.ly/2BVGLjz 
Done. 
And thank you for sending this tweet.
Will give what I can - but I will give. Thank you for passing this on.  We know what he is doing and why.  I hope &  pray that the truth is finally revealed.  This is like a midnight roller coaster ride.  Never have I witnessed such chaos and upheaval of that which we hold sacred
The country needs to rise up against this despot in a way that has never been seen before.
Thank you for this suggestion, Sir. I just made a modest contribution and offer the men and women of the FBI a heartfelt “Thank You”. #thanksFBI
Dear Contributor,
On behalf of the over 13,000 members of the FBIAA and their families, we would like thank you for your contribution of $25 today. #thankyouFBI
Done.
In recognition of the men and women who protect our freedoms. We may not know your names, but we know your sacrifice. Thank you.
Wait a minute! You mean our taxes will pay off sexual predators, aka congressmen, but won't pay to support any action that might be taken agaist career government employees??
Server crashed again. That must be a good sign...
Thank you ! Done
#thanksFBI
Bullfuckingshit
Just made my donation in moral support of two honorable and steadfast public servants, Jim Baker and Andy McCabe, who are under fire from the Wizard of Ooze in the WH..
“Honorable”so long as they are biased to the left. So then if they were to be biased to the right then it would be corruption? #HypocritesOnThe Left #CorruptDemocrats #FakeNewsMSM #BoycottKneelers #HillBillaryForJail #HRCUraniumOne #HRCPayForPlay #MerryChristmas
Why do you think it’s to spy on American citizens? #FireMcCabe
Also GROSS NEGLIGENCE DOES NOT REQUIRE INTENT TO PROSECUTE
Their server crashed. :\  I'll keep trying, though! #ThanksFBI
They screwed themselves when they went whole hog for Trump and leaked to Giuliani during the election. And we're supposed to save them now?
Yes. Yes we do. Because even tho some of FBI went rogue and Comey fucked up, who the bleep else you propose Arrest them? Conduct Mueller’s interviews? NYPD? Ferguson PD? SFPD? LAPD?
I don't pin any hopes on the FBI. If they do the right thing it won't be because of our donations. It will be because of the ballot box.
And longer we can string em out the better chance we get to even have any elections. No body asking you to sleep with em and I didn’t give em a dime for that matter.
But Richard I can still feel the FBI/NYT knife in my back to this day. It hasn't healed. I can't forget it. And it could happen again.
What impresses me is when they arrested Manafort and Flynn  showed in court and Papadopoulos papers filed No One In White House Knew A Thing. Zero Leaks. Those fuckwits were surprised. Mueller’s team were silent. The WH & Allies he gave nothing.
Finally doing the job the way it's supposed to be done. If they had been doing that with HRC they wouldn't be fighting for survival today.
You’re not wrong. And w/ an R prez, R house, and R senate, we can’t do damn thing about ‘16. But in the here and now we fuggin took a senate seat in friggin Alabama AND all the D senators up in ‘18 in R states stood firm as Dems against Tax Bill. Miraculous.
I just donated in honor of Andrew McCabe, James Comey, James Baker and Robert Mueller. #thanksFBI
All of these guys are criminals.
This tweet didn't wear well did it??  #MAGA
You mr Comey destroyed the FBI reputation along with Mueller, McCabe, Baker, Hoover, you're only fooling the democrats who Hilary herself called "stupid" that's the easy part can't wait to see what your leg injury will be! BOOT!
So you equate one with other just because you associate the two together so they must be related? You have a very flawed use of actual logic. 
Kudos to you for your donation but you get a zero score for your logic.
Maybe you should actually look at facts instead of hurt feelings
I just donated $50. “Donated in the names of loyal career servants and FBI professionals James Comey, Andrew McCabe, and James Baker from a grateful American.”
McCabe, Comey, Strzok & Ohr are solely guilty for destroying their own careers and their reputations.  They are corrupt & worked to undermine a duly elected president.  #StopTheSpin.  

@POTUS merely said what we all know.  #LockThemUp
Klaus
Done #thanksFBI
Ummm HELL NO ~ !!!! #Thanks4CorruptingFBI 
Followed your example and donated in the name of James Baker and Andrew McCabe w/appreciation for those who serve in the FBI and their families.
Just donated,#thanksFBI.
Well done
YOU are ONE SICK PERSON!

@realDonaldTrump has every right to tell the truth about the FBI.  They brought all this on! Working with Obama in the #DeepState setting Trump up.  This is all a SHAM and the players are GOING DOWN!
I am ashamed that he is the President!
Great idea!  Thanks for passing it on.  My contribution may be small but numbers will count as well.
Done. Thank you for suggesting a way for us to honor these gentlemen and show support and appreciation for the FBI.
I’m in!!
Done! Great idea!
Who do we look to to solve nat'l crimes and thwart terrorist attacks?  Def not Trump. #ThanksFBI

This is all #Bannon and #StephenMiller, two more miserable miscreants I've never seen. I hope they get theirs. 

I can give a few dollars.
I’m trying to donate but the site isn’t loading.
Yep! Done and done. #thanksFBI
Excellent idea
Done
Donation complete. 
My pleasure!
You did hear that Sen. Graham confirmed that the fabricated Steele dossier was used to obtain the FISA warrants, right? Trump was correct to impugn the @FBI. You should apologize @benjaminwittes
The fbi is supposed to have a blind eye and enforce justice it has done neither
Donated in honor of @Comey 
#thanksFBI
Maybe you can get a refund when he goes to prison.
Great idea Ben!  They will need hundreds of thousands of dollars for their Legal Team.  We are going after every crooked dirty FBI agent until they do Prison time.
You tried and almost ruined the @FBI thank God your gone
*you’re* (I get Russians don’t understand contractions but try harder if you’re going to troll.)
#AndrewMcCabe is not honorable. He served Hillary an "HQ Special" and let her off the hook.
to @JerusalemFury..what is an HQ Special ?
Preferential treatment
to @jerusalemFury...Oh.Thanks
 Have a great day!
You too!
They impungned their ingegrity all by themselves.  Sir, you are blind to the truth that the FBI aided and abetted Hillary in a conspiracy against the voters of the United States in an effort to win the election. Go ahead and donate money to these crooks.
I wouldn't call Andrew McCabe and Jim Baker honorable! How about calling them corrupt FBI agents instead. What they did was unethical and wrong and they don't deserve a penny. Have Hillary Clinton bail them out of trouble.
It ought to be impugned!!!!!!!  Lying  Partisan FBI agents protected Hillary!!!!!!!!
Why would anyone in the FBI be afraid to be questioned about anything? American employees of citizens; we have a right to know who’s working for us. So I ask you why are you afraid for them & what do you know? Good ppl that uphold their pledge have nothing to worry about.
President Trump has praised the FBI, military, and all other honest and hardworking public servants as heroes.. But McCabe was a biased political figure in a role that should have been neutral.. McCabe should have been gone long ago
No he isn't, you and muller destroyed the FBI. I hope and pray that criminals like you, Muller, Rosenstine and McCabe are thrown in prison.
Done. $500 in honor of Jim Baker and Andrew McCabe. Boom.
The Only thing I would donate too is their last UBER ride after being thrown out of the BUILDINg. These two clowns need to be indicted.
Your two honorable public servants are going to jail.  McCabe doesn’t need your money, he still has some of the $700000 left that Hillary gave him.
@realDonaldTrump @FBI @JudicialWatch @ScottPresler @foxandfriends @SteveBannen @lthomer175 @DonnaWR8 @SheriffClarke @foxnewspolitics @RealJamesWoods @SLandinSoCal @WhiteHouse @seanhannity

I’ll donate to the FBI when McCabe is behind bars.  And Hillary and the myriad other corrupt officials.  Not until then, for now I’ll sit back and watch President Trump make the FBI great Again
someone looks more and more like a tattered weinus everytime he tweets. can you guess who? hint: @realDonaldTrump fired him for being a queasy #nutjob!  #MAGA
My money goes to local animal shelter. Not corrupt FBI agents that steal taxpayers money, & think they’re above the law. 90% of FBI are hard working honest men & women, 7th floor is rats nest of corruption. These ppl need fired, NOT allowed to resign so we keep paying for them!
https://twitter.com/Sheepdogleader/status/944763911210799104 …
#thanksFBI
#thanksFBI
#thanksFBI
#thanksFBI
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
#thanksFBI 
!!!!!!!!
Done   Thanks for the suggestion
Donated equal amounts in honor of Baker, McCabe, and Comey. 
They all deserve better treatment from our Justice Dept, Republican Congressmen, and President.
I just donated in appreciation of Baker & McCabe and the fine women and men in the FBIGreat idea! #thanksFBI
#thanksfbi. Just donated.
how do you know they are honorable?  Trump knows more about them than you do.

When you're attacking FBI agents because you're under criminal investigation, you're losing https://twitter.com/politicalwire/status/794255050243801090 …
I donated to show solidarity with all the agents And to register my objection to all the unwarranted abuse POTUS has been reaping on them
Well, this is my only Christmas present I’m giving out this year. #thanksFBI


I’m having trouble getting a live donation link.  Could someone help me out?
I just made a donation
Chuckle. FBI leaders are corrupt as the Clintons
Thanks for all you do.
Why have you blind yourself to their arrogance and corruption?
The FBI refuses to accept the will of the states and overthrow the US gov't and you carry their water. This must be Trump derangement syndrome
Money doesn’t buy integrity. This was proven daily for 8 yrs.
Give you a kiss for it.
Done!
Integrity? Lol. Sure.
#thanksFBI oh...I thank the FBI for not becoming more corrupt inspire of the fact that out was led by a partisan hack. Wray will fix @Comey corruption at the top
Why does the #FBI need donations? Is #FBI running 2018 & 2020 elections? I swear I deserve the $1,000 you just gave them. I pay taxes so they get paid and you are asking me to donate? Cc @FoxNews @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump
Maybe you should read before you tweet..
I get that we have to do something but none of this ends until Trump is out of office. I still don’t understand how some in the FBI can hate Hillary with such fervor when they are attacked almost daily by our so-called president. He has no regard for them and uses them as a tool.
I have made a contribution. Am eternally grateful for real public servants. Equally appalled by the WH abuse of power.
$100 donation to defend the constitution and the rule of law.
Donated
Thank you so much for posting this! Just donated $50. Money well spent!
Thanks for this great idea!!
Great idea.  Just gave.  #thanksFBI
Trumps attack on the FBI increases our faith in this institution. Trump is just a #DramaQueen Lets Go!
No POTUS is not impugning the reputation of the FBI, just that of certain assholes who corrupted the department!
The FBI is a politically corrupted Criminal Enterprise
Comey all your heart/soul could only give $1000 each after all the MILLIONS you have made off your treasonous deeds under the disguise of an honorable member of the FBI? Tick Tock! That book just might not get finished & felons can’t profit from their crimes!
No kidding, James is a disgrace and so are his FBI friends who tried to save the world for less than half the USA population. But, they didn’t think about the rest of us Americans, the ones they outright FUCKED!!!!
McCabe was instrumental in bringing the Boston marathon bomber to justice, correct? Why would a president have anything to say about him besides "Thank you for your tireless service to this country?"
Comey is my Homey
Benjamin, what planet are you on?  Are you not aware that Trump is only focused on the criminals at the top of the FBI who have committed several crimes?  They clearly broke the freaking law!
Name 5 ways McCabe and baker broke the law. Get reaaaadyyy....

Go. 

I'll wait.
If you cannot name it yourself, then clearly you have not done your research.  Go look at his associations to the Hillary Clinton campaign, the Russian/Steele Dossier, conspiracy, #Treason, UraniumOne, FISA Warrants, etc.  Do your research.  It's not hidden.  Truth is out!
Obviously you have a bias and are unwilling to look at the facts.   As you can see, I am non-partisan.  I do not endorse or support any political parties.  I will go after ANYONE who violates the law no matter their political affiliations.  It is clear by my posts here.
I just debunked all your claims with facts.
Lol keep trying. Weiner had nothing to do with the Hillary emails. That was also debunkex
Hardly....not debunked at all.  LOL
Just wait.   I already know what's happening.  
Look at Trump's latest Executive Order.  I even posted that.
We're organizing fast to help red pill everyone thru soft disclosure.
When the real disclosure occurs, people like u will freak out.
If the system worked the way it was supposed to, he would have been charged with obstruction already.
Maybe they are finding a lot more than obstruction.
Agreed, but fish or cut bait. We won't last another year.
We'll do what we have to do to survive.   I wish it would be over soon myself.  I hate the stress.
It’s disgraceful that he attacks career civil servants who fight to keep America safe.
You sanctimonious creep. It's the intelligence agencies leadership that is in question. They have completely shattered any confidence the people had in their agencies and you know it. They're NOTHING but political hacks and they're a disgrace.
He didn't even donate.  The picture is before the donation.  Loser is just pretending.
Too bad you all are more concerned with career CS tenure that their questionable actions, motives, and alliances during investigation. Only people I see worried are the ones under investigation that stemmed from Trump/ Russia probe. #MAGA
Donations to senior FBI agents? This sounds so shady.
Sorry.  He wasn’t clear.  He meant to say donations to family members of senior FBI officials whose spouses are running for office.  You know.  Line HRC did.  Like that.   
Thank you for being such a strong supporter of the @FBIAgentsAssoc.
Sending ALL the FBI & CIA Agents and their families warm seasons greetings of appreciation.
Let's ignore the ignorance / WH Congressionally noise and enjoy time with family & friends...........

Sorry, not feeling any love for the 7th floor.  Street FBI guys maybe honest, but the 7th floor = 
They are dirty and deserves what they get. You would feel different if this was obama they worked to frame.
You do not have a clue sir. These senior, unethical, pious, swamp creatures you support tried to overturn an election through corruption, deceit and lies, using their positions of trust. The American people are finally paying attention to our corrupt govt.
Server down presently. Lots of patriotic Americans want to help our .@FBI.
The orange man in the oval needs to resign effective immediately. He is ruining our country!
