Thank you for having so much integrity (even when it seems to make each “side” angry).  I live in a solid blue state, so I know it didn’t matter, but you were my write-in candidate for the President.  Stay strong!  All the best! ; )
Oh you are so cute 
Your boy mueller missed 9/11 and allowed it to happen remember ?
I was shocked to the core at how shifty AG Sessions appears in real life. Who gave him that power?
A chapel with so much history.
Built in 1766, still stands, even when destruction happened near it.
Held a service for George Washington on his inauguration day in 1789 and was his place of worship while the capitol was in NY.
Many other bits of history within the walls and
surrounding it.
It was a miracle that it was not harmed on 9/11. It became a haven for workers and victims of the attack.

In times of struggle, of strife, of destruction, we all need a shelter. A welcoming place of hope. 
Beautiful photo and message, James. Thank you.
YEAH COMEY, WE NEED YOUR TREASONOUS SELF TO LEAVE THIS COUNTRY. JESUS CHRIST IN CHARGE NOW.
Reminders of what from time2time U folks had done2 UR own citizens.....We work hard all our lives & when we reach prosperity Govt workers think they could just easily steal it without repercussions!

I won $21 million Judgment & I wud happily spend 50% 2expose U & what U knew!
We must do more to fight corruption.
@officialnmp @CarlaOehme Yep!!
You do realize officalnmp is a grifter don't you. Her name is Cait & she's been pulling this w/guy named Robert. Go c @RachelAzzara pin post
She is NOT, she has been nothing been a true friend to me nor has she ever asked me for money. I also have spoken to her sources myself, she is legit. I have SEEN the proof, it's all a smear campaign to discredit her
Whatever. Do some research & you'll find you're being had. She's been outed, what else can I tell yu..SHE'S FAKE, HER STORY FAKE, FAKE FAKE!
Well believe whatever you want but I know the truth and know between facts and fake news, if I believed in fake news I'd be supporting Trump!
Those of us that know Hepzi, know better.  She is a gentle spirit and honest. I'm so tired of these baseless smears.
She's mentally ill & feeds her sickness by making crap up on twitter/Fb. At least research & try to help her. You have no idea, I do.
LMAO like YOU did "research"?? It's hilariously obtuse how you claim HER OWN FRIENDS don't know her but YOU; A STRANGER, apparently knows her better than us. 

FYI: maybe you should ACTUALLY TRY following your own "motto" eh 
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
@MadameND Beautiful picture that does evoke a lot of feelings and hope like you said!!!Thanks for your dedicated service to America!!
Is that Trinity Church? I noticed the English flag flying next to Old Glory.
St. Paul's Chapel
Where is Trinity?
St. Paul's is part of Trinity's outreach. Trinity is on Wall Street and Broadway, a few blocks south of this.
Which is older?
Handy dandy history for you, with everything related to Trinity.
Thank you.
You're welcome!
Your pain and loss will soon to be in the form of handcuffs.
My beloved City where I worked & lived for so many years...lost many friends on 9/11 but we came together in a way that defies hatred & fear and defines who we are as Americans. Truth always finds the light of day and dawn is breaking once again.
What's the #truth that needs to find the light of day?

Two #PhantomPlanes weighing either nothing (or 170 tonnes)

Pic #1 - Seven (7) buildings obliterated, vapourised, #nuked

Pic #2 How much #energy to #cremate a #body? And for 1000?

Pic #3 & #4 #CNN #magic disappearing plane
You have quite a way of fostering positivity and hope with your photos and words. Thank you for your continued service!
Jeff "Shifty" Sessions looked like a used car salesman and would sell you a lemon faster than a cat could blink!But his body language spoke.
Here's a hope.  That you go to prison with your crooked cronies.


Truth will prevail
Comey me you are a fucking asshole
@Comey goes to NY, Twin Towers memorial ~ the senselessness of it all. 
Inaugural church of Washington? Hmm, maybe DT will be outed #IllegitimatePresident after all. Hmmm interesting 
Love that little church! It stood as everything around it fell apart.
I work 5 blocks from it. It's awesome
What's that building to the left of it again? I think I took a class there
*Left of the picture
That's 195 Broadway. Old ATT building and my old company headquarters. Also survived 9/11  entire building is limestone.
Mr Comey, I saw your account in front of Committee Live on Sky News! It was riveting. I believed your every word.
Hope to see you behind bars you lying smuck
You sir such a hypocrite
Just like the One World Trade Center rose from the ashes of 9/11, we, too, will rise from the ashes of this traitorous assault on our democracy. And we will be stronger, taller, prouder, and more determined than ever.
save us comey one.
I'm gonna like this, but really, shouldn't that be a Star Wars montage?
yes, of course it is. but star wars and marvel are both disney properties now so it's close enough and i didn't have time to do another but really i didn't want your like anyway GOSH DARN IT TO HECK

i kid. I KIIIIID. 

Love you, James Comey.  Think you may have saved us.
Yep!!
AND
God working through good men
We love you Mr. Comey!
You love him for what? Obstructing justice? Treason? @DaveStylee @Comey
Rob 
Read American Radical 
I worked daily as a teacher in our public schools 
The FBI
Like my profession 
Are true patriots 
That risk ALL to keep us safe 
God bless USOFALL 
I'm a public school teacher & have a friend in the FBI, as well as other friends & family in government @NancyLynnBowli1 @DaveStylee @Comey
I know that there are many good people working as public servants & I know that Mr. @Comey wasn't one of them @NancyLynnBowli1 @DaveStylee
Unfortunately 
Our country is divided in loyalties;
I pray we unite to lift USOFALL to be great agajn 
I trust FBI
Comey 
Mueller 
ANY day over 
Party line and media politics 
1) Because you are a blind partisan &, in that way, no different from the blind partisans on the right @NancyLynnBowli1 @Comey @DaveStylee
2) The true divide lies between those of us concerned with truth & justice & those of you intent on subverting & obstructing it in order to further your own agendas /fin
@BobSMueller YOU TWO LET THIS HAPPEN. LEAVE TRUMP & FLYNN ALONE. WE KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
Our hearts ache every time we remember that day.
Is this the church that was all surrounded by devastation but not hit on 9/11
I'd say that church is a sacred place . .  
Beautiful photo.
You can have relief of that pain with a confession James, like a confession about uranium
Are you still bought by clinton
God loves you..wishing you happiness always.
You be careful also.be careful were you eat.dangerous people all over
Venturing into lower Manhattan remains painful for me.  People I knew died that day. It's like walking on their graves.
And an @iamepiscopalian flag and church @TrinityWallSt in the foreground.
May YOU end up in prison!  You disgraced the FBI.  I have no confidence in the justice system because of YOU.
You care about HOPE?  That's laughable! We hoped you would go after Hillary.  You OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE!  Thanks for showing the American people there are two sets of laws.
I look at the replaced emptiness everyday
Yeah .... and I remember when you were a respected US attorney in Manhattan 

What a fall from Grace
Amazing how a dude living in a cave half way around the world was able to outsmart, outmaneuver and masterfully manipulate the most advanced and well funded intelligence apparatus in the word.  riiiight. #DeepState
We miss you, @Comey.  All your friends bu-wide do!!
Do you have any speaking engagements in NY or NJ?
LEAKER Comey quotes Obummer with: "HOPE"......
Yes @Comey. NY suffered unimaginable pain and loss. But the whole world is suffering pain and loss because you installed donald as president. You.
I love Manhattan so much. I love the USA.
Comey do u really want to go down mired in clintons scandals ? Is she worth it ?
Seth Rich.
The timing of your REentry into Twitter World makes me think you know how things are going and maybe you are in on the outcome. I hope so. #MAGA
Ummm, cut the reflecting crap, if you want to reflect Comey, reflect on why you gave a green light for Killary 2 lie collude be treasonous ,corrupt our Democratic system & have dead bodies all over the place, please explain, I'm waiting....
Great shot! ;-)

Pike only had relevance within the Southern Jurisdiction of the Scottish Rite, not all Freemasonry. There are many others like Thomas Smith-Webb or William Preston who had a more significant impact than Albert Pike.
He reformed the rituals that were already written before he was born, but only for the Supreme Council of the SJ-USA. It was not replicated world-wide. He has a statue in DC b/c the SJ-USA funded it and they are in DC.
No he didn't. That was a fabrication by Leo Taxil who admitted to making it all up. It's called the Taxil Hoax. And the 30th degree is only relevant to the Scottish Rite. And I am a Christian.
Yes, I am a Christian. I don't deep dick people with my personal beliefs. I lead by example and hope they will see my good work and glorify God in Heaven. None of our rituals involve summoning evil energy. Shriners do not spit in the face of Christians.
Giant fan! My wife, ER doc Fran Vogler MD, was a First Responder in her role as Med. Team Mg. of CA-TF1 REMA/US&R. She nearly succumbed to injuries on her return, but had the skill to save herself when she went into cardiac arrhythmia :-).

Comey

We know U were telling us about this insane man. People chose not 2 listen. I blame the GOPers Paul Ryan knew what he was yet they let rubles control them Lindsey Graham said if they voted for Trump they deserved everything that got because he was dangerous. They knew
So very happy to see you publicly posting.  Never for one minute did I ever think you were lying.  Justice will win.
“Writing about ethical leadership..” Are you out of your mind? You’ve covered up for THE MOST UNETHICAL CORRUPT ppl in our Govt history!! And lied under oath mutiple times. You’re WORSE than them!!! YOU ARE THE DEEP STATE! FBI is a crime ORG!!!
Interesting thread that Mueller might read:
I was there last night for the first time. What a place.
Podesta Bros and Hillbillary name come up again involving Saudi corruption. If Mueller won't bring evidence against her maybe the Saudis will. Will your name became part of the corruption story.   https://www.facebook.com/OneAmericaNewsNetwork/videos/1190478884430559/ …
Mourning isn’t easy. Understanding is. Everything will be ok.
NO person
Of power 
OR 
Media 
CAN undermine
Government workers that live
To give to America 
AND love GOD
AND USOFALL 
We stay hopeful 
Faith 
Carries USOFALL 
AND is the Substance 
God bless America
Comey and Mueller two clowns responsible for letting 20% of Uranium leave this country while the Clinton criminal organization made millions, you both need to be brought to justice ,
Great photo.  Sideline career?
yes, the pain your ilk cause the world
You're a disgrace- you botched your position.
Bless you, Mr Comey. I hope your life is less stressful than it has been. Everyone with sense wishes that you're doing well.
Hard to have hope when the Republicans just appointed a partisan blogger, 3 years out of law school and unanimously rated unqualified by the ABA, to a lifetime appointment as a federal judge.
UMMM I WONDER WHAT HAPPENED TO MY CANDIDATE...NO TWITTER'S FROM HIM.
...yes...Hope.  There is always that...
Theft of Government Memos, notes taken during a privileged conversation with the President, Pre-planned statements exonerating Hillary during the investigation. You are one sick bastard.
Yes the hope that you’ll soon be indicted.

Once-Classified FBI Memos Implicate Mueller, Rosenstein, Hillary, Holder, Comey, Lynch in ‘Uranium One’ Cover Up http://truepundit.com/once-classified-fbi-memos-implicate-mueller-rosenstein-obama-hillary-holder-comey-lynch-in-uranium-one-cover-up/ …
I hope you're the one writing the book, I can't wait to read it.
are you a player in the "STING"? I think you are.
He who sits quietly gives consent
Good morning James you and Interpol have to lockdown Britain they're the one's behind spying on everyone I'm a fighter for human rights that's why I was created I just had to be born back in the region where the bad thing's in our world today began
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=536785413342682&id=100010336830510 …
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=536783316676225&id=100010336830510 …

Thought in light of todays news this would be very fitting. 
This is amazing. 
#MuellerTime   #Comeyday 
Great picture. Can't wait to read your book.
Oh yea your best friend James Comey how nice for you. Don't you see the republicans telling you you must resign now? This right here is a conflict of interest your best friend Comey. No one will believe your findings because of all those conflicts. U must resign now!!!
@Comey is an occultist proven by every picture he has posted since being fired. Every single one has occultist meaning if you know where to look. He is telling the occultist he is with them. They will all go down. God is working his magic on them all.
Pythagorean occultist symbolism....Sorry Jim but God has Trumps back. That's why you, Hollywood, NFL and many more are going down. The swamp will be drained the Deep State with it. Get ready for the orange jump suit.
WHERE'S THE PEE TAPE
I was a Sergeant 8 years Kuwait and Iraq. There is always corruption internally with pikitics. You did the right thing Mr Comey and God took you out of the FBI. Your talents are much needed in other places without the red tape. Jobs come and go but people leave legacies. TRUTH!
From stingray device's, illegal surveillance of Americans and  putting certain Americans above the law. King George would be proud of you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAzZpdHYOB4 …
DIRECTOR COMEY I WISH YOU COULD JUST TALK AND SPLASH THE TRUTH IN WALLS OF SO MUCH DISHONESTY.
He's not really there, Hillary told him to tweet to that
What are your plans now. I am sure you can serve this country as you have in many ways.  We need good civil servants like you.
Trying to remain optimistic & productive. Too much destruction has already occurred.
It is a beautiful sadness.
I must say... pretty rich that you write and lecture about ethics... #FusiounGPS #UkraineDNC #AwanGate #UraniumOne #SethRich #Lordy
Well I see most people are still ignorant of the fact that you are in HRC s pocket
You are dishonorable should have disqualified them both
Board member of HSBC BANK
You sold out the nation
You should have disqualified them both.
I hold you accountable for the nation
Your just another Clinton flunky
Will you have coffee with me?!
Are you whining again?

Ex-Director #Comey plainly did not use the February 14 Memo for any recognized or legitimate law enforcement purpose. He used it to settle a score with the President, who had just fired him.
 https://www.judicialwatch.org/press-room/press-releases/judicial-watch-justice-department-argues-comeys-leak-flynn-memo-new-york-times-unauthorized-compares-comey-wikileaks/amp/ …
And China is no role in the ?Russian Probe?  So what if u smoked pot, watching them nis nigs nigs eat Tuna all day fot u fired?  Tell them: HILLARY TRUMP, OBEMA.  SO SNYDER DON'T SHAKE HANDS. HE COULD ATLEASTE WASH.
I'm tried of being ignored. Do the right thing and tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth. Now that would be a book. Everything else is BS.
We are entitled to the truth whatever the truth may be. It's unfair that we the ppl have to sit and guess. Our gut is telling us one thing while you all play games. I'm sick of it. The whole thing is despicable. All the players get book deals while the rest of us get zero truth.
https://www.facebook.com/ElisaET1ANUNNAKINEZELLO …
The travel schedules of Eric Trump, Jr. & Sr. Along with Jarred & Ivanka 4 the past 5 yrs will reveal all. I hope they look into that Sir.
You are a Good Man Sir!!
My prayers are that your indictment comes soon! !
"Ethical Leadership". REALLY? Seems kinda hypocritical to me. Just saying

The trials will begin soon sir. Give up Barry0 and all yer troubles will float away.
#AllRoadsLedToBarry0
James Comey is about as corrupt as one gets. Mr. Mueller may also be made from same mold it appears. The bigger one gets, the harder they fall. Perhaps the reason this nation has failed hundreds of millions of Americans. SHAME ON U ALL.
Funny how you retweet everything that liar Comey posts.  Birds of a feather.
were you having lunch with hillary?
#Russia says nothing happened; #Trump concurs so the case is now closed !!!
FM Lavrov: all established facts point not to a “Russian trace” in 2016 US election, but rather to @TheDemocrats inside job 
James the stupid security forces over in Britain are trying desperately to knock me off Air to their peril cause if they succeed I'll bring HELL to earth
Nice sentiment from a corrupt political hack. 
You sold us out to the Clintons Dhould be in Prison instead of on Twitter...
Stirring.
Life goes on and triumphs in spite our our thoughts and emotions. That's what makes life so great. :)
in spite "of" --sorry, can't help being obsessive compulsive and corrective with words. :)
Hope is You go to jail That will be Justice you sent Martha Steward to jail for lying Hilary was never put under oath by the FBI —Unheard of Orange is ur color
33 Sealed indictments. Your name one?
Here’s hopin’ they catch up with you and your deceit
Good shot.

Say the words that you wrote. “Gross Negligence”. Say it, @comey
a beautiful spot . . .
Thank you, we are in debt to you!
Without your courage and dignity the country would've suffered enormously. You're a true patriot & a saviour. 
History will treat you well, it takes a vast knowledge of world's history to see and act upon the many faults of this administration.
Comey is my Homey!
LOL!
You suddenly care about America.
You're adorable.

I hope you rolled.
If not, I hope you pay.
Nice photo!
You can write platitudes with the best of 'em.
You have forever killed my trust in the @FBI. You should be ashamed.
If you ever decide to run for President, you have my vote.
We have hope!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_FzcmxSDok&feature=push-u-sub&attr_tag=j8V1KxZT95Z3X2Nb-6 …
The DOJ confirmed you are a criminal.  @HorseShort @FreeBeacon @POTUS @WhiteHouse @Rightwingmadman @chicagotribune
one honest word?
Was in NYC the week after 9/11 attacks.  Took a taxi to Ground Zero and was overwhelmed with the sense of loss, the quiet on a normally busy, noisy street, people walking around with posters looking for missing loved ones.  Still evokes a sense of devastation and sorrow.
Was in NYC the week after 9/11 attacks.  Took a taxi to Ground Zero and was overwhelmed with the sense of loss, the quiet on a normally busy, noisy street, people walking around with posters looking for missing loved ones.  Still evokes a sense of devastation and sorry!
Beautiful photo. You have potential, kid.
I have hope of Justice served to the “elite” criminals in DC over the past several years. Ur cover-ups and leaking are part of the problem.
Still feels like I've been punched in the gut but it's a beautiful building.
