Enjoy From Russia with Love, It's Mueller Time
Yes, #MAGA!  Many Are Getting Arrested.
You're talking about Trump's campaign and cabinet, right?
What does this gif even mean?
make America grate again

Ты никого не обманываешь. 
good for you
Mr. Comey, you have the class that is hand in hand with integrity, empathy,
loyalty, honor, and all good traits suggested by God and Time In Memorium. Thank you, sir.
Oh, how achingly Anerica needs 
her Heroes. 
You must be a paid bot or just fake!   Comey is guilty  of major felony's.
Felonies. Plural of felony is spelled "felonies". When you falsely accuse a man of something, please spell it correctly.
Comey is trolling hard, @realdonaldtrump probably has regrets, many regrets!
Actually, he's not trolling with this. This is an old post that was in response to Ashley discovering his twitter account.
I’m hoping you somehow come out a hero in all of this. I think you’re an honest and decent guy. Maybe your actions were meant to expose the corruption.
 they wouldn't take me as new @FBI Director  #wheresmygun 
#CNNIsFakeNews!
Who is the racist?
What's amazing is that Comey's not mad @ashleyfeinberg outed him, but she is.
No need crying over spilled milk. Just clean it up.
Thank you for letting  america know that noboby should be above the law. In God we trust  The majority of Americans feel trump should be impeached.
How dare You speak for millions of Americans I can assure You are Wrong.  You have a lot of nerve. I thank God You n your ilk do not speak for Me.
hmmm...you sound like a nice lady.............will check back with you in a year or two to see how you are doing...
You James Comey are a disgrace to the American people !!!!
He admitted it? Awesome.
Happy your not mad at me calling you out for failing to ever do what should be the objective of the FBI!

Lets move on without the do nothing leader!!!!!!!!!
Have you realized the GOP of today lacks a certain moral fiber as well as the desire for truth?
#CNNIsFakeNews
Who is the racist?
Hey James Comey,

Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom company reporting a failed product.
You are a corrupt FBI director.
Keep up the fight million of americans are with you thank you for your many years of service to our country..so much Republican corruption in washington is just amazing never seen anything like this in all my 65 years sad days for America
The scene of Benedict Arnold's crimes. Hmmm....
You done trumped Donald by depicting a 'Fake News' association that's more impactful and lasting  that all his efforts couldn't begin to approach..

..u accomplished this w/ out trying (or realizing what u did)

and no(w) 1 might notice (er/got)

Go Devils!
How can trump be so bad if he’s made zero impact
You are not worth it...............

I wish I could meet you
You're bitter AF, you just won't admit it
#releasethememo
Thank you, sir, for having America's back.
NEPOTISM

Nepotism is the act of favoring relatives in the hiring process, and is prohibited by law. Public officials are prohibited from hiring or promoting relatives or relatives of officials in their chain of command, as well as actively or indirectly endorsing a relative’s
appointment or promotion.

During the hiring process, all selected candidates and FBI hiring managers will be required to certify that they are not related to anyone involved in the hiring process.

From the official FBI cite...LOL!
Its PUTZ Not puts you PUTZ...lol
That's called grace and mercy.
I tried many years ago, (35) but was told no.  Gee ya think it was cuz I was a girl? Back then women didn't get to many law and order jobs.
Cc @LouiseMensch @ninaandtito @LincolnsBible @JamesFourM @TeaPainUSA @aliasvaughn @Alt_Spicerlies 

So please tell we who know of your past history WHY you refused President Trump's request to tell the public he was NOT under investigation when, at the time, he was NOT under investigation, according to you. Truth is hard for you!
Jim run for office
To bad you can only quote other great thinkers because you clearly have no moral compass of your own.
You don’t deal well with reality.  You have the prerequisites of a Stoner.  “Hey Man”
I'll admit to believing you did the cabbage patch, singing "check and mate" when it happened. 
@hloughlin9  what a find!
we are- if it wasn't for your dumb act- apology to Hilary
I love Mr. Comey Character and values !!!
What the character of a communist dictator? As Judge and Jury, Comey has no character or moral compass. Apparently like you.
Bibles said whatever's come round turns round. God word's  Jesus Christ  watching everything prayers patients happyness justice mean lighting o.k. god bless America
You are at level 10......REVENGE and you are unethical...... Making up words to Cover for Hillary. You were bought!
@eaglesfanjoe_sr
Very self-serving, at the least. Actually, it's us who should be mad. That's righteous anger.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
The book if Comey  that's fantastic!
The Prince wants to know if it's Howdy Doody time.
We don’t need anymore in the @FBI like you. A disgrace to this once honorable profession. Your children will ultimately pay the price for your sins.
Should be affriad not mad lmao tick tock
You have have reason to be angry.  Glad you choose to to not be angry. ROBS YOUR LIFE AND YOUR SOUL.

@eaglesfanjoe_sr
Good! 
So I don't get why @Comey tweeted this.  He had a job at the FBI at the time.  Anyone able to clarify?
A reporter managed to track his Twitter name down using very very limited evidence online. I think she worked for Jezebel or HuffPo or something like that.
Thanks.
Why would you be mad? You did what you wanted and looked the other way. SMH

James Comeme
Hahaha!!!
Like to keep score, relive mistakes, love dogma? List Trump vs. Comey "lies" 4 the last 40 years. 1 will be very short: 1 will be 5 pages.
...Ron Burgundy.
Hell. We’re mad FOR you!
Going "still" when you sense danger is not cowardice, it is instinct. It's how we can gather more information to make a rational judgement.
A 72 year old billionaire business man knows what he is doing when he clears a room to ask a "favor".

You made a deal with the devil, no surprise he turned on you. You knew there was no case but your announcement changed history, in a bad way
#yourefired 
Respect. Best to you.
I was angry enough for the both of us...Thank you sir....
Thank you for your service to this nation. Thank you for your unimpeachable ethics.
Well, I've thought of a joke to share with you, but have hit backspace & held it down 3 times so far; you're a smart man &can probably guess
____ did the ___ have to _____ to free up that ______?
Your clue: "No scrubs"

Lol
Don’t get mad get ahhhh the truth out
Those drapes did not do you justice. Thank you for doing the thankless job.
The question is when’s the main event. Wanna make sure my popcorn game is strong.
Pretty much your best tweet!
Don’t get mad-Get even-Wishing Mueller God’s speed to right wrong doing-No one should be above the law not even the POTUS
I love you even more now.  Thank you.
Hahahahah
that's what comes of paying attention to white pelicans 

Best wishes
Sir. Had you said that in all likelyhood all Huma's emails would be copies of existing ones there would never have been any controversy.
Immediately as I heard about them, this was the most likely outcome that seemed plausable to me. I wish it had seemed so to you as well.

Heehee! This is brilliant
I have a lot of respect for you. I enjoyed watching you testify it was truly amazing.


I laugh every time I look at this
Burn! 
Hahaha! Man, I don't know much about you or your career. What I do know, I'm digging. Right on, brotha.  #truenorth

They only hire physically fit for cyber so us disabled people end up going to Ft Meade or Langley. Might want to tell them to fix that.
Serious tweet. No troll. Yes goat 
Maybe you could apply to be the retired FBI guy who handles SF86 interviews. You gotta admit, it would make a great “Punk’d” video!
This might be the best tweet ever!
FUCKING LOVE YOU MAN! So confused LOL You ROCK! Thanks for having such titan sized magnificently majestic harder then diamonds set of BALLS!
So confused because Ive never spent this much time admiring another mans genitalia but 2018 America history books should have a pic of yours
My Homey Comey, who made enemies on the left and right, so you know he was doing his job right.
Your the director of the fbi. And your spending time sending gifs.
You trolls do realize that your consistent inability to properly spell and use grammar is a dead giveaway, right? How's the weather in Russia?
Sense of humour in March, continues now.
A#1 Job @FBI .  
Today, you deserve a .
Funny! So happy it's you!
Most of us would love to have you back heading the FBI sir.
You shouldn't be. You did it to yourself.  But hey at least you aren't on the Clinton Body Count list yet
Throw a follow my way, please.
Grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Comey blew this one big time.
I believe each and e erg word you said while being interrogated. 100% truthful. Look at the credibility of Mr. 45. It's a JOKE!!
Did you believe him when he re-opened Hillary’s email investigation? Or when he said she violated the law by sending classified material?
LOL.... like the “INTEGRITY”
You’d make an effective President
We have a winner! 
#TweetOfTheDay
Don't get mad, get even. That's my motto.
i'm just going to leave this here :)

I can dig it.
James Comey. You are a great guy! Please run for http://office.Help  drain  the TRUMP SWAMP!!
You served honorably and with dignity and will be known for same. Your firing will be bring down this corrupt, incompetent administration.
If anybody deserved to be mad ...
Rock on !
Stay Classy ...
Don’t get mad! Get even!
Today is proof...he did 
https://mobile.twitter.com/zerohedge/status/922972173257584643 … https://mobile.twitter.com/search?q=%40lazyoaksinn%20%40FBI&src=typed_query …
You got rod 2 get the cat in the hat mueller 2 go though all the secret documents and clean up the mess permanent state hates our President
Why are there pictures of agents wearing multi cam?! Why are they wearing that?!
You're welcome! It was my pleasure. 
Thank you for all you have done for your country :)
You got caught and fired! Most do lose their job when that happens!
Don’t worry, you will definitely have the last laugh. It’s almost “Mueller Time”! Thirsty? I know I am! #Impeachthispricknow
you were quoted in a story by @TechCrunch
Lol this was in the news and everyone was cracking up
Sure could could have fooled me with your sinful conduct and deceptions. Suggest you do some inductive Bible studies.
Holy s..t! The man actually has a sense of humor. I hope he follows the light and gets out of Trumps evil galaxy.
Reinhold Niebuhr=Jim Comey=ethically bankrupt/karma compromiser!! Being near, snake in the grass compromises ones own KARMA! #mostcorruptDOJ
Whahaha, he already knows the truth. The question is, CAN ALL YOU DEPLORABLES HANDLE THE TRUTH or are you gonna call it #fakenews from jail
It does no good and we lose too often when we act out of anger
You've been.... er.... Well played
If this really is James Comey, then this tweet is fan-freaking-tastic. 
Are you still only mildly nauseous about helping the Russians to install an unstable ignoramus in the White House?
@potus @vp wouldn't it be great to live in a world where @FBI actually put mafia bosses in jail again?
You were, and still are. That's why you made up the conversation, just to get a special counsel in place. That's devious man, just devious!
Oh goody, I only have to wait at least another 5-10 yrs before I can apply. (Citizenship takes forever to get)
I'm so happy to have found your Twitter feed. This is seriously some fucking Twirt gold. Everyone needs to follow you.
Freaking Gold!  Looking back, this is even MORE priceless!  . #WellPlayed JC.
SO glad my son didn't bite when they tried to recruit him. Whew!
But you are. Or you wouldn't even acknowledge it.
@MaxsMusings94 hahaha
#Comey2020 
Going to order bumper stickers. Will put on my car as soon as Mueller takes down DJT. Will place them right over TrumpPutin2016 & NeverTrump
(Not to scale.)

Anyone who speaks in Ferrellese should be President. Run Comey Run! Comey 2020
Don't worry. We're plenty mad for ya. @Sandy_Hook_Hoax
Mr Comey  if you have any information about trump please say something, he's out of control. What he did to you was terrible please take....
Him down before he kills us all.


OMG!!!! I hope it is U! I truly do! Help save America...Good Luck with that..I believe u truly tried to out America 1st &tried yr best 2do
DIRECTOR NIBIRUH I AM SO HAPPY THAT YOU ARE BACK. I SEE LIGHT AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL AGAIN FOR AMERICA.
Americans want you to run for president!

#jamescomey has sense of humor?
Sad
Lol! Count your blessings! The best is yet to come!
I'm glad I'm a construction worker. Sample test is crazy. I can't imagine what the CIA test is like


“Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.” 
― Ambrose Bierce
You’re a better person than me. I’d be as mad as hell.
Being mad is such a wasted emotion. Rising to the challenges that lay ahead - that is productive. America needs productive individuals.
I think America is mad enough that we got ya covered! However, good for you!
Maybe on the next go?
Why does every comment on this first post have some weird @ projectexile7 account tagged? @benjaminwittes
Has Mueller found how the Clinton's paid you off yet? Or is Mueller an insider too?
Nice fake acct James
Jimmy we KNOW its you son, come on outta there . Time to fess up.
This tweet thrills me, probably far more than it should. 
